 The Nuisance is a 1933 film starring Lee Tracy as a lawyer Madge Evans as his love interest (with a secret) and Frank Morgan as his accomplice.
 Le mataf (Italian: Tre per una grande rapina) is a 1973 drama film directed by Serge Leroy and starring Michel Constantin.
 The Long Way Home (Turkish: Eve Dönüş: Sarıkamış 1915) is a 2013 Turkish drama film directed by Alphan Eşeli.The film has won the International Federation of Film Critics' Fipresci Award the Golden Zenith Award for Best First Fiction Feature film from the 37th Montreal World Film Festival and the New Talent Award for Best First Feature Film from the Hong Kong Asian Film Festival. Furthermore The Long Way Home was nominated for the Sutherland Trophy at the 57th BFI London Film Festival.
 Ghetto Stories is a direct-to-video American crime film directed by John McDougal and Turk produced and distributed by Asylum Records. It was released on October 26 2010.
 In the Alleys of Love (Persian: در کوچه های عشق ‎ Dar Koocheha-ye Eshgh) is an Iranian war film about Khorramshahr shortly after the Iran–Iraq War. Shot in colour on 35mm film it lasts 83 minutes.Khosrow Sinai wrote directed and produced the film and composed the music.
 Pathreela Raasta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1994 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
 Ponirah Terpidana (literally Ponirah is Convicted) is a 1984 Indonesian drama film directed by Slamet Rahardjo. Starring Nani Vidia Rahardjo and Ray Sahetapy it follows a young woman named Ponirah who becomes a prostitute and is arrested for the murder of a rich businessman. The film which combined traditional and contemporary elements was a critical success in Indonesia. It won three Citra Awards at the 1984 Indonesian Film Festival from a total of eleven nominations.
 The Whole Truth is a 1923 American film starring Stan Laurel.
 Tabloid is a 2010 American documentary film by Errol Morris. It tells the story of Joyce McKinney a former Miss Wyoming who in the 70s was accused of kidnapping and raping Kirk Anderson an American Mormon missionary.
 Hissatsu: Sure Death (必殺! THE HISSATSU) is a 1984 film based on the television series Hissatsu. The film is an occasionally whimsical Japanese drama about assassins.
 Yitzhak Rabin: a Biography is a 2004 two-part documentary film that tells the life story of the former Israeli Prime Minister and Nobel Laureates Yitzhak Rabin. The documentary offers interviews with Rabin's fellow politicians and family members. Their insights along with historic film footage offers a history of modern Israel through Rabin's biography.
 The Case of the Lucky Legs is a 1935 mystery film the third in a series of Perry Mason films starring Warren William as the famed lawyer.
 Premalekhanam (Love Letter) is a 1985 film directed by P. A. Backer based on the novel of the same name by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. The cast includes Soman Swapna Meena Captain Raju Vincent and Mala Aravindan.
 Investigation (Bulgarian: Разследване; Romanisation: Razsledvane) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Iglika Triffonova.
 Peur sur la ville (also known as Fear Over the City and The Night Caller) is a 1975 French crime film directed by Henri Verneuil.
 Bad Channels is a 1992 American science fiction spoof released by Full Moon Features. It is about two aliens (Cosmo & Lump) who invade a radio station with the intention of capturing female humans by using radio broadcasts. The hero is a DJ forced to combat the aliens alone when listeners think he's joking about the invasion.Other films Dollman Demonic Toys and Dollman vs. Demonic Toys are all semi-sequels to this film.
 Volga-Volga (Russian: Волга-Волга) is a Soviet film comedy directed by Grigori Aleksandrov released on April 24 1938. It centres around a group of amateur performers on their way to Moscow to perform in a talent contest called the Moscow Musical Olympiad. Most of the action takes place on a steamboat travelling on the Volga River.
 Winstanley is a film made in 1975 in the UK by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo based on the 1961 David Caute novel Comrade Jacob.This deals with some of the life story of the 17th Century social reformer and writer Gerrard Winstanley who along with a small band of followers known as the Diggers tried to establish a self-sufficient farming community on common land at St. George's Hill near Cobham Surrey.
 A Time to Heal is a 1994 TV movie starring Nicollette Sheridan Gary Cole and Mara Wilson.
 City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal is a 1998 documentary film by George Roy and Steven Hilliard Stern produced by Black Canyon Productions and HBO Sports about the CCNY Point Shaving Scandal. The documentary was shown on HBO.
 Big Fat Liar is a 2002 American teen comedy film directed by Shawn Levy written and produced by Dan Schneider and Brian Robbins and starring Frankie Muniz Paul Giamatti and Amanda Bynes. The main plot revolves around 14-year-old con artist named Jason Shepherd (Muniz) whose creative writing assignment is stolen by an arrogant Hollywood producer named Marty Wolf (Giamatti) who plans to use it to make the fictional film of the same name.
 Guns Don't Argue is a 1957 low-budget feature film about the early achievements of the FBI in defeating the most notorious criminals of the 1930s. The film involves dramatizations of the crimes and eventual demise of various gangsters along with a moralistic narrative. It was edited together from a composite of three episodes from the 1952 TV series Gangbusters.
 The Adventurers is a 1951 British adventure film directed by David MacDonald and starring Jack Hawkins Peter Hammond and Dennis Price. In the wake of the Boer War several men journey into the South African veldt in search of diamonds.
 Crossed is independent film maker Stolis Hadjicharalambous's feature length action/thriller movie. It is a story of truth power and revenge in a dangerous crime underworld of assassins.
 Malarvaadi Arts Club is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Vineeth Sreenivasan in his directorial debut and produced by Dileep. The film was released in 60 theaters across Kerala. The cast of five young boys and two girls were selected through a talent hunt.
 Fourplay (also known as Londinium) is a romantic comedy film released in 2001.
 Dichiarazioni d'amore (Declarations of Love) is a 1994 Italian drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati. The film premiered out of competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival.
 The Black Road is a 2005 Australian documentary by William Nessen. The film was shot on location in Aceh and reports on the Province’s battle for independence from Indonesia. Although the film was originally a television documentary produced for SBS in Australia it has since been shown around the world at film festivals and presentations on the subject. The film is critically acclaimed and has received several awards both Australian and international.
 Daddy Cool is a 2009 Malayalam film starring Mammootty Richa Pallod and Master Dhananjay. The film was the directorial debut of Aashiq Abu.This movie got average hit status. The locations are Kochi and Hong Kong. The film was dubbed in Tamil and became a superhit.
 The Ledge is a 2011 drama film / thriller film written and directed by Matthew Chapman starring Charlie Hunnam Terrence Howard Liv Tyler Christopher Gorham and Patrick Wilson.
 Cooley High is a 1975 American film based upon the real high school located on the near north side of Chicago produced and released by American International Pictures and written by Eric Monte (co-creator of Good Times). The film set in 1964 Chicago Illinois stars Glynn Turman and Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs and features a soundtrack made up primarily of 1960s Motown hits.The film is considered a classic of black cinema and its soundtrack featured a new Motown recording G.C.
 Miles From Home is a 1988 film starring Richard Gere. It is about two brothers who after being forced off their farm in the debt stricken mid-west become folk heroes when they begin robbing the banks that have been foreclosing on farmers. The movie was directed by Gary Sinise and written by Chris Gerolmo.
 The Kid Who Couldn't Miss is a 1982 docudrama directed by Paul Cowan.
 Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi! (English: Wow! That's what life should be like!) is a 2005 Bollywood film written and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Sangeetha Ahir starring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao in the lead roles. It was released on 23 December 2005. It is the first Indian film to be shot in high definition (HD). The film is adapted from Hollywood films such as; Ghost and Bruce Almighty. It was a critical and commercial failure.
 Man on the Tracks (Polish: Człowiek na torze) is a 1956 film by Andrzej Munk.Man on the Tracks was one of the first films of the so-called Polish Film School and as such influenced the whole generation of young directors who participated in the movement.The film tells the story mostly in flashback of a railway worker who is fired from his job for alleged sabotage of the Socialist methods of work.
 Wet Dreams 2 (Korean: 몽정기 2 Revised: Mongjeongki 2) is a 2005 South Korean film. Comedic but more serious than its predecessor Wet Dreams it follows four girls in high school as they become curious about sex and compete for the affection of their new teacher.
 Nuvvila (Telugu: నువ్విలా) is a 2011 Telugu film written and directed by Ravi Babu. He introduced six new faces with this movie in the lead roles. Ajay Havish Prasad Barve Bollywood star Yami Gautam Sarayu and Remya Nambeesan. The film featured music by Sekhar Chandra. Comedian turned hero Sunil has lent his voice for this movie. He gave his voice for introduction scene and establishment of characters. M. M.
 Härmä is a 2012 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili.
 For All Mankind is a 1989 documentary film documenting the Apollo missions of NASA. It was directed by Al Reinert with music by Brian Eno.The film provides 80 minutes of real NASA footage taken on the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s. The focus of the documentary is on the human views of the space flights and the original mission footage is provided along with the voices of the astronauts from interviews and from the actual mission recordings.
 Unnai Solli Kutramillai is a 1990 Indian Tamil film directed by Ameerjan starring Karthik and Sithara in lead roles. The film produced by Rajam Balanchandar and Pushpa Kandaswamy had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 17 March 1990.
 The Echo of Thunder is an Australian family drama movie released for television in 1998. It is based on the novel Thunderwith by Australian children's author Libby Hathorn. It was aired on CBS in the United States as a Hallmark Hall of Fame presentation.The movie is a story of a man Larry Ritchie who lives with his second wife and three kids on an Australian farm in the Wallingat Forest NSW.
 Viejo smoking (English title:Old dinner jacket) is a 1930 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed and written by Eduardo Morera based on a play by Florencio Chiarello. Starring Tita Merello and Tito Lusiardo. The film is an Argentine tango film a hugely popular genre of the period and Argentine culture.
 Tokarev is an American action crime thriller film directed by Paco Cabezas and written by Jim Agnew and Sean Keller. The film stars Nicolas Cage Rachel Nichols Peter Stormare Danny Glover Max Ryan and Judd Lormand.
 Beyond the Years (천년학 - Cheon-nyeon-hak) is a 2007 South Korean drama film. Celebrated director Im Kwon-taek's 100th film it is based on the short fiction The Wanderer of Seonhak-dong by Lee Cheong-jun and was presented at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival. Despite being an informal sequel to Im's phenomenally successful Sopyonje (1993) Beyond the Years was not popular with Korean audiences.
 Halka is a 1937 Polish musical film directed by Juliusz Gardan and starring Liliana Zielinska Witold Zacharewicz and Wladyslaw Ladis-Kiepura. It is an adaptation of the 1848 opera Halka composed by Stanisław Moniuszko with a libretto by Wlodzimierz Wolski. It was shot at the Falanga Studios in Warsaw.
 Virilità (Virility) is a 1974 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Paolo Cavara.The film got a great commercial success grossing 1 billion and 261 millions lire at the Italian box office.
 Ringing the Changes is a 1929 British silent comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Edwards Charles Cantley James Fenton and Margot Landa. It was based on a novel by Raleigh King. An aristocrat poses as a butler in order to expose a dishonest lawyer.
 Chhota Bheem And The Incan Adventure is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Chhota Bheem series. It is the 18th movie of the series. Running Time - 66 mins. This movie was released on 7 July 2013.
 Hum Aapke Hain Koun..! (HAHK; English: Who am I to You) is a 1994 Indian musical romantic-comedy film written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya and produced by Rajshri Productions. Starring Madhuri Dixit and Salman Khan it celebrates Indian wedding traditions by relating to the story of a married couple and the relationship between their families.Earning over 1.35 billion (US$23 million) worldwide the film became the highest-grossing Bollywood film of all time.
 Arasilangkumari (Tamil: அரசிளங்குமரி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran Padmini and Rajasulochana in the lead roles. The film was released in the 1961.
 Kramer vs. Kramer is a 1979 American drama film adapted by Robert Benton from the novel by Avery Corman and directed by Benton. The film tells the story of a married couple's divorce and its impact on everyone involved including the couple's young son. It received five Academy Awards in 1980 in the categories of Best Picture Best Director Best Adapted Screenplay Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress.
 Tirangaa is an Indian Patriotic film starring Raaj Kumar Nana Patekar and Mamta Kulkarni released in 1993.
 The Killbillies is a 2002 Australian comedy horror film directed by Duke Hendrix and distributed by Crypt Keeper Films.
 True Grit is a 2010 American western directed written produced and edited by the Coen brothers and is the second adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel of the same name which was previously filmed in 1969 starring John Wayne. This version stars Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross and Jeff Bridges as U. S. Marshal Reuben J. Rooster Cogburn along with Matt Damon Josh Brolin and Barry Pepper.Filming began in March 2010 and True Grit was officially released in the U. S.
 Samsara is a 2001 independent Indian/Italian/French/German film which tells the story of a Buddhist monk's quest to find Enlightenment. The film stars Shawn Ku as the monk Tashi and Christy Chung as Pema.
 Quando Elas Querem is a 1925 Brazilian comedy film directed by Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan.The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on December 9 1925.
 The Intrigue is a surviving 1916 silent film drama produced by Pallas Pictures and released through Paramount Pictures. Frank Lloyd directed the film which was written by Julia Crawford Ivers and photographed by her son James Van Trees. The star is young Lenore Ulric and a young unknown King Vidor makes one of his earliest appearances in a film as an actor. The movie is also one of the earliest surviving films of Vidor's wife Florence.
 The Story of the Great Heroes also known as The Great Heroes is a four-part Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Return of the Condor Heroes. The film was released separately by each part in 1960 and 1961.
 Disorder is a 2009 Chinese documentary film directed by Huang Weikai and distributed by DGenerate Films.
 Bride of the Storm (1926) is a silent historical adventure made at Warner Brothers directed by J. Stuart Blackton and starring Tyrone Power Sr. and Dolores Costello. Sheldon Lewis plays Tyrone Power's son in this picture even though in real life Lewis was a year older than Power. The film appears to be among the lost films of the 1920s.
 Sabah is a 2005 film directed by Ruba Nadda.The film stars Arsinée Khanjian as Sabah a traditional Muslim woman living in Canada. She falls in love with a non-Muslim Canadian man (played by Shawn Doyle).Filmed in Toronto Nadda had only 20 days to complete principal photography of this project.
 Evil Behind You is a 2006 American horror film written and directed by Jim Carroll and starring Hilary Kennedy Manuel Velazquez Gwendolynn Murphy and D.C. Lee.
 Def-Con 4 is a 1985 post-apocalyptic film portraying three astronauts who survive World War III aboard a space station and return to earth to find greatly changed circumstances.
 El Asadito (English language:) is a 2000 Argentine black-and-white film drama directed and written by Gustavo Postiglione. The film premiered on 9 November 2000 in Buenos Aires and was nominated for two Silver Condor Awards for Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing in 2001.
 Letter Never Sent (Russian: Неотправленное письмо translit. Neotpravlennoye pismo sometimes translated as The Unsent Letter or The Unmailed Letter) is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Tatyana Samojlova. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.The film was shot in black-and-white with a 4:3 aspect ratio and monaural sound. It was Kalatozov's follow-up to perhaps his most lauded film The Cranes Are Flying which also starred Samojlova.
 Owalini is a Marathi movie released on 26 April 2002. The movie is produced by Medhpranav Babasaheb Powar and directed by Dr. Babasaheb Powar. The movie is based on an army officer who becomes an outlaw to save his sister.
 Naramsimha is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1991 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
 I Want You is a 1951 film directed by Mark Robson taking place in America during the Korean War. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound (Gordon E. Sawyer).
 Waiting for the Messiah (Spanish: Esperando al mesías) is a 2000 Argentine Spanish and Italian comedy drama film directed by Daniel Burman. The film features Daniel Hendler Enrique Piñeyro Héctor Alterio Melina Petriella Stefania Sandrelli Imanol Arias and Dolores Fonzi among others.The film won many awards including Best Film at the Lleida Latin-American Film Festival in Spain. The film takes place in a Jewish community of Buenos Aires.
 Small Faces (1996) is a Scottish film directed by Gillies MacKinnon about gangs specifically the Tongs in 1960s Glasgow. It stars Iain Robertson Joseph McFadden Steven Duffy Kevin McKidd Laura Fraser Mark McConnochie Clare Higgins Garry Sweeney Colin McCredie and Alastair Galbraith.The film was produced in 1995 by Skyline Productions in association with the BBC Film Fund and subsequently released in 1996 and distributed by Pathé - a division of 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.
 Andhra Kesari is a historical Telugu film on the life of Tanguturi Prakasam. Vijayachander portrayed the character produced and directed the film. It was released on 1 November 1983 the Andhra Pradesh Formation day.There is a melodious song Vedamla Ghoshinche Godavari Amaradhamamla Sobhille Rajamahendri on the historical city Rajamundry.
 Into the Spider’s Web is a 1988 American adventure film made for children. It was directed by Steve McCurdy produced by Warren Chaney and stars Chuck Stockdale Robert Shafer Jessica Avery and Luis Lemus. The Executive Producer was Beverly Wilson and the film’s production company was Sandpiper Pictures.
 The Unfaithful Wife (French: La Femme infidèle) is a 1968 French film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was remade in English in 2002 as Unfaithful directed by Adrian Lyne. The film had a total of 682295 admissions in France.
 InuYasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler (映画犬夜叉 天下覇道の剣 Eiga Inuyasha: Tenka Hadō no Ken) also known as InuYasha the Movie: Swords of World Conquest) is a 2003 anime film directed by Toshiya Shinohara and written by Katsuyuki Sumisawa. It is the third film to be released in the InuYasha films series. It was released in Japan on December 20 2003 (between episodes 136 and 137) and in the United States on September 6 2005.
 My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York is a 1999 short film directed by Barbara Schock. It won an Academy Award in 2000 for Best Short Subject.
 Karl Hess: Toward Liberty is a 1980 short documentary film about the anarchist Karl Hess produced by Roland Hallé and Peter W. Ladue. It won an Academy Award in 1981 for Documentary Short Subject. The film was produced at Boston University's College of Communications School of Broadcasting and Film Graduate Film Program. Several students faculty and others made a substantial contribution to creating the film.
 Avonturen van een Zigeunerjongen is a 1960 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
 High School Big Shot is a 1959 film starring Tom Pittman as Marv Grant a smart high school student whose plans for getting a college scholarship are threatened by his alcoholic father played by Malcolm Atterbury and his relationship with the most popular girl in school. The plot is remarkably similar to that of Stanley Kubrick's The Killing released only three years previous. High School Big Shot was featured on an episode of the popular comedy series Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 Madame Baptiste is a 1974 French film directed by Claude Santelli.
 Oru Odai Nadhiyagirathu is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar starring Raghuvaran in lead role.
 Inganno is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Guido Brignone. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti and Nadia Gray.
 Rebirth of Mothra released in Japan as Mothra (モスラ Mosura) is the first in a trilogy of Kaiju films produced by Toho in which Mothra's son saves the world from environment-threatening monsters. This film features the monsters Mothra Mothra Leo Fairy Mothra Desghidorah (or Death-Ghidorah) and Garugaru. Rebirth of Mothra was the final Toho kaiju film with which long-time producer Tomoyuki Tanaka was directly involved (he died less than six months after its release).
 Law and Order is a 1940 American film directed by Ray Taylor.
 Bashu the Little Stranger (Persian: باشو غریبه کوچک‎) is a 1986 Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Beizai. The film was produced in 1986 and was released in 1989. This multi-ethnic film was the first Iranian film to make use of the northern dialect of Persian Gilaki in a serious context rather than comic relief.
 Crazy Stone (simplified Chinese: 疯狂的石头; traditional Chinese: 瘋狂的石頭; pinyin: fēng kúang de shí tou) is a 2006 mainland Chinese black comedy film directed by Ning Hao and produced by Andy Lau. It was immensely popular earning 6 million RMB in its first week and more than 23 million RMB (US$3 million) in total box office in Mainland China despite its low budget (3 million HKD/US$400000) and cast of unknowns.
 Coquette (1929) is an American drama film starring Mary Pickford.
 Dance of the Dwarfs (AKA Jungle Heat) is a 1983 adventure film directed by Gus Trikonis loosely based on the book by Geoffrey Household by the same name. It stars Peter Fonda Deborah Raffin and John Amos. Despite a relatively well-known cast the film has stayed in obscurity it has little to no cult following and has yet to receive a DVD release. The film features music by a band called Snuff which shares the name of a popular English band despite being unrelated.
 Bhagavathipuram Railway Gate is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Selvaraj for M.Balasubrahmanyam's Karur B.S.Films. The film stars Karthik Muthuraman and Rajalakshmi in the lead role.
 Strawberry Shortcake: Let's Dance is an animated film released in September 2007 based on the namesake American Greetings property. This is the third theatrical release from DiC Entertainment in the 2000s.
 Beyond Darkness (Italian: La Casa 5 also known as House 5 and Horror House II) is a 1990 Italian horror film directed by Claudio Fragasso. It was written by Fragasso and Rossella Drudi and produced by Joe D'Amato. The film is the second sequel to Ghosthouse which itself is an unofficial sequel to The Evil Dead and Evil Dead II.Beyond Darkness is a standard Italian horror film of the haunted house sub-genre.
 Chinnappadass (Tamil: Chinnappadass) is a 1989 Tamil film directed by C V Rajendran. The film casts Sathyaraj and Radha in lead roles. The film released to moderate reviews.
 Nasha is 2013 Indian teen coming-of-age film directed by Amit Saxena. The film is the Bollywood debut of Shivam Patil and model Poonam Pandey. Upon release Nasha gained mixed critical response. It cost approximately 4 crore (US$670000) and grossed a little over 8 crore (US$1.3 million) at the box office.
 The Quiz Show Scandal (Hangul: 퀴즈왕; RR: Kwijeu Wang; lit. Quiz King) is a 2010 South Korean film. The ensemble comedy satire is written and directed by Jang Jin.At a police station people involved in a car accident are accidentally informed of the answer to the last question of a quiz show with a prize of over ten million dollars. On the day of the show those same people gather again to compete against each other but they only know the answer to the last question.
 Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas is a 2003 American animated swashbuckling fantasy comedy drama adventure film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures using traditional animation with some computer animation.
 District 13: Ultimatum also known as D13-U (French title Banlieue 13 – Ultimatum or B13-U) is a 2009 sequel to the 2004 French parkour-filled action film District 13. The film directed by Patrick Alessandrin and written and produced by Luc Besson (who also wrote and produced the first film) sees parkour artists David Belle and Cyril Raffaelli reprising their original roles of Leïto and Damien.
 Wife Taxi: Crowded with Big Tits (人妻タクシー　巨乳に乗り込め Hitozuma Takushii: Kyonyū ni Norikomu) is a 2004 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by his wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. It was given Honorable Mention for Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Kōji Makimura was given a Best Actor award.
 Sri Murugan is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1940s.Bangalore-based stage and screen star Honnappa Bhagavathar replaced M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar the first superstar of South-Indian cinema in Sri Murugan of 1946. He acted along MGR in the movie. Honnappa Bhagavathar too sung in the movie along with U. R. Jeevarathinam. S. M. Subbaiah Naidu scored the music.
 Pierrot Lunaire is a Canadian/German film which premiered at the 2014 Berlin Film Festival.Written and directed by Bruce LaBruce as an adaptation of Arnold Schoenberg's Pierrot Lunaire the film adds a transgender interpretation to the work starring Susanne Sachsse as a trans man Pierrot. The film originated as a theatrical production of Pierrot Lunaire which LaBruce directed for Berlin's Hebbel am Ufer theatre in 2011.The film won a Jury Award from the 2014 Teddy Award jury.
 Raw Deal is a 1977 Australian western film directed by Russell Hagg made by the company responsible for the TV series Cash and Company and Tandarra.It is an example of a meat pie Western.
 Vení conmigo is a 1973 Argentine film.
 The Maze is a 1953 atmospheric horror film in 3-D starring Richard Carlson and actress Hillary Brooke. Directed by William Cameron Menzies it was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures. This was to be the second 3-D film designed and directed by William Cameron Menzies. Menzies who was known as a director with a very dimensional style (e.g. many shots are focused in layers). This would be his final film as production designer and director.
 Hellraiser: Deader is a 2005 American horror film directed by Rick Bota. It is the seventh installment in the Hellraiser series. Like the previous two entries in the series Hellraiser: Inferno and Hellraiser: Hellseeker it began as an unrelated horror spec script owned by Dimension which was rewritten as a Hellraiser film.
 Drifters (Chinese: 二弟; pinyin: èr dì; literally little brother or second little brother) is a 2003 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai. The film is a production of Hong Kong's Purple Light Films and People Workshop with international distribution through the Taipei-based company Arc Light Films.
 Amanaat is an Indian film released in 1994 with Raj N Sippy as director. It stars Akshay Kumar Sanjay Dutt Heera Rajgopal and Kanchan in pivotal roles.
 Mort's End is a popular webshow found on Blip.tv that began in early 2009 and will have its final season in 2010. The show originally aired its first episode back when it was necessary to download each individual episode. Now with a home on Blip the audience can watch whichever episode they want.
 Igloo is a 1932 documentary.In February 1931 Edward Small sent an expedition to the Arctic headed by Ewing Scott with Roy Klaffki as a cameraman to make a film. They were accompanied by Ray Wise a full blooded Eskimo and shot for six months. They went missing for 32 days off Icy Cape and were rescued by some whalers.They returned with 100000 feet of film.
 Buy & Cell is a 1987 comedy film directed by Robert Boris. The original music score was composed by Mark Shreeve.
 Cold Comes the Night is a 2013 American crime thriller film directed by Tze Chun who co-wrote the script with Oz Perkins and Nick Simon. The film stars Alice Eve Bryan Cranston Logan Marshall-Green Ursula Parker and Leo Fitzpatrick and was produced by Mynette Louie and Trevor Sagan.
 Friends is a 1971 teen-romance film directed and produced by Lewis Gilbert and written by Gilbert Vernon Harris and Jack Russell. The soundtrack with music composed by Elton John and lyrics written by Bernie Taupin was released as the Friends album and John's recording of the title selection charted when released as a single in the United States.[citation needed] The film was nominated for Golden Globe Award for Best English-Language Foreign Film at the 1972 Golden Globe Awards.
 Brother Sun Sister Moon (Italian: Fratello Sole Sorella Luna) is a 1972 film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring Graham Faulkner and Judi Bowker. The film is a biopic of Saint Francis of Assisi.
 Days of Being Wild (Aa Fei zingzyun) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai. The film stars some of the best-known actors and actresses in Hong Kong including Leslie Cheung Andy Lau Maggie Cheung Carina Lau Jacky Cheung and Tony Leung Chiu-Wai.
 Heidi is a 1968 NBC made-for-TV film version of the original 1880 novel of the same name which debuted on November 17 1968. It starred actress Jennifer Edwards stepdaughter of Julie Andrews and daughter of Blake Edwards in the title role alongside Maximilian Schell Jean Simmons and Michael Redgrave. The score was composed by John Williams. The film was sponsored by Timex.
 Rusty: A Dog's Tale (USA video title: Rusty: The Great Rescue) is a 1998 family film directed by Shuki Levy starring Hal Holbrook and Rue McClanahan.
 The Fiddler of Florence (German:Der Geiger von Florenz) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Paul Czinner and starring Elisabeth Bergner Conrad Veidt and Nora Gregor. The film was shot on location in Italy. It premiered at the Gloria-Palast in Berlin. A girl escapes from her strict Swiss school and heads for Florence.
 Ladyhawke is a 1985 fantasy film directed by Richard Donner starring Matthew Broderick Rutger Hauer and Michelle Pfeiffer.A thief called The Mouse escapes the dungeons of medieval L'Aquila setting in motion a chain of events that may save or destroy a beautiful woman and a brave captain. The two lovers are doomed to lifelong separation by a demonic curse invoked by the corrupt and jealous Bishop of Aquila: by day Isabeau is transformed into a hawk while at night Navarre becomes a wolf.
 Alone with Her is a 2006 American suspense film directed by Eric Nicholas about a tech-savvy stalker who uses spy cameras to force his way into the life of a young woman.The film tells the story through the lenses of spy cameras.
 Aami sei Meye is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Prosenjit Chatterjee this is 2nd directorial film of Prosenjit Chatterjeeunder the banner of Dhanuka Brothers Pvt. Ltd. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Rituparna Sengupta Ranjit Mallick Jaya Prada Abhishek ChatterjeeAlamgir in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Tabun Sutradhar
 Flicka 2 is a 2010 direct-to-DVD film and sequel to Flicka (2006). This is a movie about a city girl who finds herself in the country not by choice and befriends a horse. Both girl and horse not wanted; have to find a common bond. The film stars Patrick Warburton Tammin Sursok and Clint Black.
 Get Married is a 2007 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo. Starring Nirina Zubir Aming Deddy Mahendra Desta Ringgo Agus Rahman Richard Kevin Jaja Mihardja and Meriam Bellina it tells of a young tomboy who is forced to find a husband.
 Two Brothers (Deux Frères) is a 2004 adventure family film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud. It is about two tiger brothers Kumal and Sangha who are separated as cubs and then reunited a year later.
 Stranger Things is a 2010 American-British drama film directed by Eleanor Burke and Ron Eyal. It details the bond that grows between Mani a homeless vagrant and Oona a lonely woman who allows him to stay in her garden shed. Critical reaction to the film has been positive with The New York Times calling it unexpectedly profound.
 Mahapurush (Bengali: মহাপুরুষ) or The Holy Man is a 1965 film directed by Satyajit Ray. It is the film version of the short story Birinchibaba by Bengali writer Rajshekhar Basu under the pen name Parashuram.
 Limit of Love: Umizaru (LIMIT OF LOVE 海猿 Rimitto obu Rabu Umizaru) also known as Umizaru 2: Test of Trust is a 2006 action drama film directed by Eiichiro Hasumi. It is the 2nd feature length film and third of the Umizaru projects following on from the film Umizaru and the 11-episode drama series Umizaru Evolution. The film stars Hideaki Ito as Japan Coast Guard (JCG) rescue diver Daisuke Senzaki and Ai Kato as his love interest Kanna Izawa.
 Scary Movie 5 (stylized as SCARY MOVIE) is a 2013 American comedy film and the fifth installment of the Scary Movie franchise. It was distributed by Dimension Films a division of The Weinstein Company. The film is directed by Malcolm D. Lee and written by David Zucker. It was released on April 12 2013.Scary Movie 5 is the first and only installment of the franchise not to feature Cindy Campbell (played by Anna Faris) or Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall).
 The Burning Heart (German:Das brennende Herz) or Heart Aflame is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Mady Christians Gustav Fröhlich and Friedrich Kayßler.
 Under the Hawthorn Tree (simplified Chinese: 山楂树之恋; traditional Chinese: 山楂樹之戀; pinyin: Shānzhāshù Zhī Liàn) is 2010 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yimou. It was adapted from the popular 2007 novel Hawthorn Tree Forever by Ai Mi which was based on a true story set during the Cultural Revolution. The film was released in Mainland China (September 2010) Hong Kong (November 2010) and in Singapore (February 2011).
 Inland with Sturt is a 1951 short from Film Australia about the 1950-51 re-enactment of Captain Charles Sturt's 1829-30 expedition down the Murrumbidgee and Murray Rivers. The re-enactment was part of Australia's 1951 Commonwealth Jubilee Celebrations commemorating 50 years of Federation.The parts of Charles Sturt and George Macleay were performed by two professional actors Grant Taylor and Rod Taylor.
 Aankalai Nambathey is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.Alex Pandian starring Pandiyan Rekha Charle and Senthil in lead roles.
 Mumbai Salsa is a 2007 Bollywood film directed by Manoj Tyagi.
 WarGames is a 1983 American Cold War science-fiction film written by Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes and directed by John Badham. The film stars Matthew Broderick Dabney Coleman John Wood and Ally Sheedy.The film follows David Lightman (Broderick) a young hacker who unwittingly accesses WOPR a United States military supercomputer programmed to predict possible outcomes of nuclear war. Lightman gets WOPR to run a nuclear war simulation originally believing it to be a computer game.
 The Very Idea is an American comedy film directed by Frank Craven and Richard Rosson and written by William Le Baron. Released in 1929 it was the fourth film released by RKO Pictures starring Sally Blane Hugh Trevor Allen Kearns Doris Eaton and Frank Craven. A comedy based on the theory of eugenics it was a critical and financial failure.
 Bontoc Eulogy an unknown film by many is a 1995 drama mockumentary directed by Marlon Fuentes and Bridget Yearen and produced by Corporation for Public Broadcasting. It was written directed by and stars Marlon Fuentes in the main role of a screen narrator going through an excruciating internal conflict regarding his heritage and following his thoughts as he recounts his grandfathers journey to the St. Louis World's Fair.
 Creature of Destruction is a 1967 American made-for-television film directed by Larry Buchanan. It is an uncredited color remake of the 1956 film The She Creature directed by Edward L. Cahn.
 Black and White (Turkish: Siyah Beyaz) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Ahmet Boyacıoğlu which tells the stories of a group of regulars at a famous bar in Ankara and was described by the director as being a film about loneliness growing old friendship solidarity and that special bond you feel for Ankara. The film which takes its name from the Siyah Beyaz Bar and Art Gallery where it is set is according to Today's Zaman reviewer Emine Yıldırım an adamant ode to this bar which has been a landmark of high-end art and upper-crust intellectualism for longer than 20 years...and on a larger scale the city it represents through its group of characters. It went on general release across Turkey on April 23 2010 (2010-04-23) and was selected for the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival and the 59th Mannheim-Heidelberg Film Festival.
 The Man I Love is a 1929 part-talking sound film from Paramount Pictures produced in parallel silent and sound versions. This film survives in a copy sold to television.
 Lucy in London is a 1966 prime-time TV special produced and directed by Steve Binder co-produced and choreographed by David Winters and sponsored by Monsanto Company. The program starred Lucille Ball Anthony Newley and the Dave Clark Five and was filmed entirely on location in London.
 American Adobo is a 2002 comedy romance-drama film produced by Kevin J. Foxe the executive producer of the phenomenal blockbuster hit The Blair Witch Project. The film tells the story of five Filipino-American friends living in New York City dealing with love sex friendship careers and cultural identity. Directed by veteran Filipino film director/actress Laurice Guillen. The title was derived from adobo a very popular dish in the Philippines.
 Palermo - Milan One Way (Italian: Palermo Milano - Solo andata) is a 1995 Italian crime-action film directed by Claudio Fragasso.The film premiered at the 1995 Venice Film Festival. It won the David di Donatello Awards for best sound and for best producer. In 2007 it was released a sequel film Milano Palermo - Il ritorno.
 The Cake Eaters is a 2007 American independent drama film about two small town families who must confront old issues with the return of one family's son. The film was directed by Mary Stuart Masterson (in her feature film directorial debut) and stars Kristen Stewart Aaron Stanford Bruce Dern and Jayce Bartok. Kristen Stewart is featured as Georgia a young girl with Friedreich's ataxia a rare disease for which there is currently no cure.
 Putravati is a Marathi movie released on 19 April 1996. The movie has been produced by M.B.Joshi and directed by Bhaskar Jadhav. The plot of the movie is a glowing tribute to womanhood and a soul stirring saga about family values hope and faith of a woman for whom any sacrifice is supreme.
 Out for Justice is a 1991 American action film directed by John Flynn and starring Steven Seagal. Written by David Lee Henry the film is about a veteran police detective who vows to kill the crazy drug-addicted mafioso who murdered his partner. Realistic dialogue intense action sequences and the web of relationships of a man with connections on both side of law are portrayed.
 My Little Girl is a 1986 American drama film that was released in the U.S. in 1987. The film was the directorial debut of Connie Kaiserman and Abigail Hernandez' first major motion picture. It was the final movie performance of Oscar-winning actress Geraldine Page.
 Little World (Catalan: Món petit) is a 2013 Catalan documentary movie about Albert Casals a young man who has been in a wheelchair since suffering leukemia at the tender age of five. But this hasn't stopped him from pursuing his dream: to travel around the world. And to do it his way. Without money without companions without luggage.
 Summer School Teachers is a 1974 feature film from writer-director Barbara Peeters starring Candice Rialson. It is about three female friends who all teach at a school over the summer.It was an unofficial follow up to The Student Teachers (1973).
 Hôtel des Invalides is a 1952 French short documentary film directed by Georges Franju.
 Flight from Ashiya is a 1964 film about the U.S. Air Force's Air Rescue Service flying out of Ashiya Air Base Japan. In this fictionalized film set in the early 1960s a flight crew's mission is to rescue a liferaft of Japanese civilians stranded in rough seas. It was based on the 1959 novel by Elliott Arnold.
 Katutu the Blind is a 1953 film.
 This Tiny World (Dutch: Deze kleine wereld) is a 1972 Dutch short documentary film about antique mechanical toys produced by Charles Huguenot van der Linden. It won an Academy Award in 1973 for Documentary Short Subject.
 A Sidewalk Astronomer (2005) is a documentary film about former Vedanta monk and amateur astronomer John Dobson. The film follows Dobson to state parks astronomy clubs and downtown streets as he promotes awareness of astronomy through his own personal style of sidewalk astronomy. The documentary includes voice overs by Dobson himself promoting his unorthodox views on religion and cosmology.
 My Dearest Enemy is an Israeli documentary that takes a behind-the-scenes look at Israel's secret diplomacy by sharing the highly anticipated meeting between Israeli Amnon Lipkin-Shahak and Palestinian Hani El Hassan—both powerful leaders in opposite camps.
 Cicakman 2 – Planet Hitam (Geckoman 2 - Black Planet) is a film sequel of Cicak-Man that had been released in 11 December 2008 by KRU Studios with collaboration with Grand Brilliance Sdn. Bhd. in Malaysia Singapore and Brunei while expected to be released in Indonesia in January 2009.Still directed by Yusry Abdul Halim with script by the director and Meor Shariman this action-comedy saw the return of the cast from the first movie and new characters were introduced.
 Meet the Robinsons is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy family film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 30 2007. The 47th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics was released in standard and Disney Digital 3-D version. The film is very loosely based on characters from the book A Day with Wilbur Robinson by William Joyce. The film originally had the same title as the book.
 Two Weeks to Live is a 1943 American film directed by Malcolm St. Clair.
 Lucía Lucía also known as La hija del caníbal is a 2003 Mexican film (co-produced with Spain) and the second by Antonio Serrano. The story is based on Spanish journalist Rosa Montero's novel of the same name (1997). The film stars Argentine actress Cecilia Roth Mexican actor Kuno Becker and Spanish actor Carlos Álvarez-Nóvoa. The cinematographer is Xavier Pérez Grobet.
 Cyclops (Bulgarian: Циклопът translit. Cyklopat) is a 1976 Bulgarian drama film directed by Christo Christov. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Three Comrades 1938 is a drama film directed by Frank Borzage and produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz for MGM. The screenplay is by F. Scott Fitzgerald and Edward E. Paramore Jr. and was adapted from the novel Three Comrades by Erich Maria Remarque. It tells the story of the friendship of three young German soldiers following World War I and the beginning rise of Nazism.The film stars Robert Taylor Margaret Sullavan Franchot Tone and Robert Young.
 Aag Ke Sholay (English translation - Flames of Fire) is 1988 Hindi Language Movie directed by S R Pratap and starring Hemant Birje Gulshan Grover Vijeta Pandit Sumeet Saigal Sripada Rashmi Inder.
 Bringing Up Bobby is a 2011 drama film written directed and produced by Famke Janssen (marking her first directorial effort). Milla Jovovich stars as a European ex-con artist and single mother in the United States. The film received its market premiere at the 64th Cannes Film Festival.
 El Salvador: Another Vietnam is a 1981 documentary film directed by Glenn Silber. This political documentary illustrates the turbulent history of El Salvador from the 1920s-1970s and the role of the U.S. government in that history. As the title suggests the presence of U.S. military advisors in a military dictatorship fighting guerrilla factions that are labeled communist is highly reminiscent of the beginnings of the U.S. escalation of the war in Vietnam.
 Beat (Hangul: 비트; RR: Biteu) is 1997 South Korean gangster film directed by Kim Sung-su and written by Sam Shin about a high school dropout who is forced into gang life. Jung Woo-sung played the lead Min and Ko So-young his love interest Romy. The plot is based on a bestselling graphic novel by Huh Young-man. The role solidified Jung as a leading Korean actor and was also based on his real-life experience as a high school dropout.
 It's a Long Road (Όλα είναι δρόμος) is a 1998 film by Greek film director Pantelis Voulgaris. It is a triptyque but all three parts take place in Thrace one of the more economically desolate places in Greece.
 The Alaskan Eskimo is a 1953 American short documentary film produced by Walt Disney. It won an Academy Award at the 26th Academy Awards in 1954 for Documentary Short Subject.
 The Moonraker is a British swashbuckler film released in 1958 and set in the English Civil War.
 Les Bronzés font du ski (French Fried Vacation 2) is a classic 1979 French comedy directed by Patrice Leconte.It is a sequel to Les Bronzés (1978) and it was followed by Les Bronzés 3 : Amis pour la vie (2006).
 Human Resources (French: Ressources humaines) is a 1999 French film directed by Laurent Cantet. As the title implies the subject of the film is the workplace and the personal difficulties that result from conflicts between management and labour corporations and individuals. It stars Jalil Lespert. Most of the other actors are non-professionals. It won numerous international awards and was one of the featured films at the 2005 Traverse City Film Festival.
 Little Rose (Polish: Różyczka) is a 2010 Polish drama film directed by Jan Kidawa-Błoński.
 Frankie and Johnny is a 1991 American romance film directed by Garry Marshall and starring Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer in their first film together since Scarface (1983). Héctor Elizondo Nathan Lane and Kate Nelligan appeared in supporting roles. The original score was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.The screenplay for Frankie and Johnny was adapted by Terrence McNally from his own off-Broadway play Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune (1987) which featured Kenneth Welsh and Kathy Bates.
 Cuando canta el corazón is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Caruso Pascoski di padre polacco is a 1988 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.
 The Remarkable Andrew is a 1942 film directed by Stuart Heisler and written by Dalton Trumbo based on his 1941 novel of the same name. It stars Brian Donlevy and William Holden.
 Headlines is a 2001 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed by Leo Heung and starring Emil Chau Maggie Cheung Daniel Wu Grace Yip and Wayne Lai. This film revolves around the Hong Kong press.
 The Girl on the Train is a 2013 American independent thriller film directed and written by Larry Brand and produced by James Carpenter Rebecca Reynolds Gary Sales. The film stars Henry Ian Cusick Nicki Aycox Stephen Lang.
 Moon Over Miami is a 1941 Technicolor musical film directed by Walter Lang with Betty Grable and Don Ameche in leading roles and co-starring Robert Cummings Carole Landis Jack Haley and Charlotte Greenwood. It was one of Haley's last appearances in a major large-budgeted film; after 1943 he began making mostly B-pictures. The film's original songs were written by Leo Robin and Ralph Rainger.
 Benjamin Franklin is a 2002 American documentary television series which premiered November 19–20 2002. The series was produced by Twin Cities Public Television of Minneapolis-St. Paul.Benjamin Franklin won an Emmy for Outstanding Nonfiction Special (Traditional) in 2003. Catherine Allan and Jerry Richman accepted the award.[citation needed]
 Green Lantern: First Flight is a 2009 direct-to-video animated superhero film adaptation of the DC Comics Green Lantern mythology. Centering on the first mission of Hal Jordan (Christopher Meloni) the first human inducted into the Green Lantern Corps the film is written by veteran DC Comics animation collaborator Alan Burnett produced by Bruce Timm and directed by Lauren Montgomery.
 Ride Along is a 2014 American action comedy film directed by Tim Story and written by Greg Coolidge Jason Mantzoukas Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi. The film stars Ice Cube Kevin Hart John Leguizamo Bryan Callen Tika Sumpter and Laurence Fishburne. The film was released January 17 2014.
 The Missing Corpse is a 1945 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 Let Sleeping Cops Lie also known as Don't Wake a Sleeping Cop (French: ''Ne réveillez pas un flic qui dort'') is a French crime film released in 1988 directed by José Pinheiro starring Alain Delon and Michel Serrault. The screenplay is written by Alain Delon and José Pinheiro based on the novel „Clause de style“ by Frédéric H.
 Blond Cheat is a 1938 film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Joan Fontaine Derrick De Marney and Cecil Kellaway. The film was produced by William Sistrom and originally released by RKO Radio Pictures. The original story is by Aladar Lazlo. The screenplay is by Harry Segall Charles Kaufman Paul Yawitz and Viola Brothers Shore. The tagline for the movie was: A happy blend of blackmail robbery treachery and love!
 Gray Matters is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Sue Kramer starring Heather Graham Tom Cavanagh and Bridget Moynahan. It premiered on October 21 2006 at the Hamptons International Film Festival and had a United States limited theatrical release on February 23 2007.
 Maanbumigu Maanavan is a 1996 Tamil action film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film had Vijay and Swapna Bedi in the lead. Music is by Deva.
 Family Diary (Italian: Cronaca familiare) is a 1962 Italian film directed by Valerio Zurlini and based on the novel by Vasco Pratolini.
 Domain is a 2009 French film directed by Patric Chiha starring Béatrice Dalle Isaïe Sultan and Alain Libolt. The film has been cited as a favorite by filmmaker John Waters who presented it as his annual selection within the 2011 Maryland Film Festival.
 The Seller is a 1997 (released in 1998) Independent feature film written and directed by American director Craig Schlattman. It stars Brian Brophy Mink Stole Arthur Roberts and Kathy Morozova in her first film role.
 Straight from the Heart is a made-for-TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on February 9 2003. It is based on the romance novel by Pamela Wallace.
 RRRrrrr!!! is a 2004 French comedy film set in 35000 BC. It features two tribes the Clean Hairs and the Dirty Hairs who have been battling for control of shampoo for 800 years. The Dirty Hairs tribe concocts a plan to steal the secret of shampoo sending someone to infiltrate the enemy. When two members of the Clean Hair tribe are killed the chief instigates the first ever police investigation.
 High Risk (simplified Chinese: 鼠胆龙威; traditional Chinese: 鼠膽龍威 also known in the United States as Meltdown) is a 1995 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Jet Li Jacky Cheung Chingmy Yau Charlie Yeung Billy Chow Kelvin Wong and Valerie Chow. Corey Yuen serves as the film's fight choreographer.
 Serigala Terakhir (Last Wolf) is a 2009 Indonesian action-drama film directed by Upi Avianto.
 Frisco Sally Levy (aka Véspera de Natal) is a lost 1927 comedy silent film directed by William Beaudine and starring Sally O'Neil and Roy D'Arcy which was released on April 2 1927.
 Héroe a la fuerza (Hero in the Force) is a 1963 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Amateur Transplants in The Black and White Menstrual Show Live! is a 2007 DVD released by Amateur Transplants (Dr Adam Kay and Dr Suman Biswas) recorded at the New Players Theatre London.The DVD is of a live recording consisting of songs from both their first two albums Fitness to Practice and Unfit to Practice as well as a few extras.
 Gassan (月山) is a 1979 Japanese film directed by Tetsutaro Murano. It was Japan's submission to the 52nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Eragon is a 2006 fantasy-adventure film based on the novel of the same name by author Christopher Paolini.
 Caring for the Lagoon is a documentary directed by Oliver Dickinson about how the Mahorans of Mayotte are trying to preserve their lagoon.The film has been selected by numerous festivals throughout the world (i.e. Al Jazeera Documentary Film Festival Kuala Lumpur Eco Film festival Roshd International Film Festival Ménigoute Wildlife Film Fetsival) and has won many awards (i.e.
 Upendra is a 1999 psychological drama Kannada film written and directed by Upendra. It starred Upendra Raveena Tandon Prema and Damini in the lead roles. The film explores three human emotions through the relationship between the main character and the three heroines. The songs of the film were written by Upendra and music was composed by Gurukiran.A Japanese who saw the film in Bangalore was impressed by it as he found it similar to the story of Buddha and got it released in Japan.
 Syncopation is a 1929 American musical film directed by Bert Glennon and starring Barbara Bennett Bobby Watson and Ian Hunter although top billing went to Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians. It was the second film produced by RKO Radio Pictures but the first released by RKO as the company's first film Street Girl wasn't released until August 1929. The film was made at the company's New York City studios and is based on the novel Stepping High by Gene Markey.
 Oscar is a 1991 American comedy film directed by John Landis. Based on the Claude Magnier stage play it is a remake of the 1967 French film of the same name but the settings has been moved to the Depression era New York City and centers around a mob boss trying to go straight. The film stars Sylvester Stallone Marisa Tomei Ornella Muti Tim Curry and Chazz Palminteri and was a rare attempt by Stallone at doing a comedy role.
 Backroads is a 1977 Australian film directed by Phillip Noyce. Two strangers – one white (Jack) one black (Gary) – steal a car in western New South Wales and drive around the coast. The original characters came from a story by Adelaide writer John Emery with whom Noyce had worked on a short film. Australian reviews of the film were mixed and it opened commercially in only one cinema.
 Made in YU also Made in Yugoslavia is a 2005 Swedish film directed by Miko Lazic.
 Kronk's New Groove also known as The Emperor's New Groove 2: Kronk's New Groove is a 2005 direct-to-video animated musical comedy film released by The Walt Disney Company on December 13 2005. The film is the sequel and spin-off to the 2000 animated film The Emperor's New Groove and features reprises of the roles of David Spade John Goodman Eartha Kitt Patrick Warburton and Wendie Malick from the original film with new voices by John Mahoney and Tracey Ullman.
 Johnny Flynton (2002) is a short film that was directed by Lexi Alexander and was nominated for an Academy Award. It is based on a true story about a boxer (Dash Mihok) that accidentally kills the wife that he loves.
 Crab Trap (Spanish: El vuelco del cangrejo) is a 2009 Colombian drama film directed by Oscar Ruiz Navia. The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Der Purimspiler (English: The JesterYiddish: דער פורים שפּילער) is a 1937 Polish black-and-white Yiddish musical comedy film directed by Joseph Green and Jan Nowina-Przybylski with music by Nicholas Brodszky.
 Azuloscurocasinegro (English: Dark Blue Almost Black) is a 2006 Spanish drama film written and directed by Daniel Sánchez Arévalo. It was Arévalo's first film. He developed the story from his award-winning short film Física II made in 2004.
 La dottoressa preferisce i marinai is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini starring Alvaro Vitali with Gianni Ciardo as a comic duo.
 Micki & Maude is a 1984 comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and starring Dudley Moore. It co-stars Tony-award winning actress and dancer Ann Reinking as Micki and Amy Irving as Maude.With the exception of appearances as herself as in the documentary Mad Hot Ballroom in 2005 this has been Reinking's last film role as of 2012.The film co-stars Wallace Shawn and includes two small scenes with wrestler André the Giant where he is introduced by his own name.
 The Speed Kings is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Curfew is a 2012 short film directed by Shawn Christensen. The film won the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 85th Academy Awards.The short is the basis for a feature film which recently premiered in SXSW 2014 retitled Before I Disappear.
 Roilo Baki Char is an upcoming thriller Bengali film written and directed by Arghya Mukherjee & Pratyush L. Chowdhury and produced by Soumya Bagchi Pratyush L. Chowdhury and Arghya Mukherjee under the banner of Eastern Woods Productions. The film will feature Soumya Bagchi Mahadyuti Saha Somak Bannerjee Sayan Ghosh Soumyadip Mitra in leading roles. The film will be set against the backdrop of Kolkata.
 The Crimes of Stephen Hawke is a 1936 British historical melodrama film directed by George King and starring Tod Slaughter as the nefarious Stephen Hawke - who masquerades as the 'Spine-Breaker'. It also features Marjorie Taylor D. J. Williams and Eric Portman. It was made at Shepperton Studios with sets designed by Philip Bawcombe.This is the third of Tod Slaughter's film outings billed as a 'new-old melodrama'.
 Il coraggio is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Under Two Jags is a 1923 American silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Lo que le pasó a Santiago (What happened to Santiago) is a 1989 Puerto Rican film written and directed by Jacobo Morales. The movie tells the story of a recently retired widower who meets a mysterious young lady in his life disrupting his daily routines.Lo que le pasó a Santiago was the first and only Puerto Rican production in history to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Tokyo Gore Police (東京残酷警察 Tōkyō Zankoku Keisatsu) is a 2008 Japanese-American splatter film co-written edited and directed by Yoshihiro Nishimura and stars Eihi Shiina as Ruka a vengeful police officer.Tokyo Gore Police was released to several film festivals in North America. It received generally positive reviews noting that it lives up to its title by being gory perverse and bizarre.
 Gunsmoke: Return to Dodge is the first TV-movie based on the 20-year (1955-1975) television version of Gunsmoke starring James Arness. Although it is supposed to be set in the wilds of Kansas it was filmed in Alberta Canada.
 Sister-in-Law's Wet Thighs (義姉さんの濡れた太もも Oneesan no Nureta Futomomo) is a 2001 Japanese pink film directed by Tarō Araki. It won the award for Fourth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Araki was awarded Best Director.
 You're a Sweetheart is a 1937 Universal musical film directed by David Butler. The movie stars Alice Faye George Murphy and Ken Murray and was remade in 1943 under the title Cowboy in Manhattan.You're a Sweetheart was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Jack Otterson.
 The Veteran of Waterloo is a 1933 British short drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Jerrold Robertshaw Roger Livesey and Joan Kemp-Welch. An old soldier recounts his participation in the 1815 Battle of Waterloo. It is based on the play A Story of Waterloo by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 The Holy Mountain (German: Der heilige Berg) is a 1926 German mountain film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl Luis Trenker and Frida Richard. It was the future filmmaker Riefenstahl's first screen appearance as an actress. Written by Arnold Fanck and Hans Schneeberger the film is about a dancer who meets and falls in love with an engineer at his cottage in the mountains.
 Viel Lärm um nichts is an East German film. It was released in 1964.
 Sarraounia is a 1986 historical drama film written and directed by Med Hondo. It is based on a novel of the same name by Nigerien author Abdoulaye Mamani who co-wrote the screenplay. The novel and film concern the real-life Battle of Lougou between Azna (remnant animist-Hausa people) queen Sarraounia and the advancing French Colonial Forces of the Voulet-Chanoine Mission in 1899.
 Questi pazzi pazzi italiani is a 1965 Italian musical film directed by Tullio Piacentini.
 Tomboy is a 1985 comedy movie that stars Betsy Russell and directed by Herb Freed.
 Shania: A Life in Eight Albums is a Canadian television movie which premiered on CBC Television at 8pm on November 7 2005. It is a biopic of Canadian country star Shania Twain that was originally scheduled to air in October but was delayed by the CBC labour dispute. The film was divided into eight chapters each defined by its own colour code style and symbolic album cover title.
 Sudhandhiram (English: Independence) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Raj Kapoor and produced by K. R. Gangadharan. The film features Arjun and Rambha in lead roles whilst Raghuvaran Raadhika and Sharat Saxena play supporting roles. It is a remake of the Hindi film Ghulam.
 Sur le fil is a 2009 documentary film.
 Meteor Apocalypse is a 2009 American Christian science fiction film directed by Micho Rutare.
 Cruelty: Black Rose Torture (残酷　黒薔薇私刑 Zankoku: kurobara lynch) aka Black Rose Slave is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Naomi Tani.
 The Hurricane is a 1937 film set in the South Seas directed by John Ford and produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions about a Polynesian who is unjustly imprisoned. The climax features a special effects hurricane. It stars Dorothy Lamour and Jon Hall with Mary Astor C. Aubrey Smith Thomas Mitchell Raymond Massey and John Carradine. James Norman Hall Jon Hall's uncle co-wrote the novel of the same name on which The Hurricane is based.
 Down to the Bone is a 2004 American independent film drama starring Vera Farmiga who received a Best Actress award from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association for the role. The film won the Sundance Film Festival Director's Award (Debra Granik) and the Special Jury Prize (Vera Farmiga).The film which addresses the effects of drug addiction was directed and co-written by Debra Granik. The film takes place in upstate New York near and around Kingston New York.
 Thirst (Korean: 박쥐; Bakjwi; literally: Bat) is a 2009 South Korean horror film written produced and directed by Park Chan-wook. It is loosely based on the novel Thérèse Raquin by Émile Zola. The film tells the story of a Catholic priest—who is in love with his friend’s wife—turning into a vampire through a failed medical experiment. Park has stated This film was originally called 'The Bat' to convey a sense of horror. After all it is about vampires. But it is also more than that.
 The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island is a 1997 direct-to-video animated adventure musical film directed by Charles Grosvenor. This is the first film in the series in which Anndi McAfee is the voice of Cera and Aria Noelle Curzon is the voice of Ducky. It is also the only film in which Brandon LaCroix plays Littlefoot; it is the first in which Thomas Dekker provides the singing voice for Littlefoot.
 Hollow Triumph (also known as The Scar in the United Kingdom) is a 1948 American film noir directed by Steve Sekely and starring Paul Henreid and Joan Bennett. It was released by Eagle-Lion Films based on the 1946 novel of the same title written by Murray Forbes.
 Ball & Chain is a 2004 romantic comedy written by Thomas Mortimer. It was directed by Shiraz Jafri and produced by A. V. T. Shankardass. It stars Sunil Malhotra Lisa Ray Kal Penn Purva Bedi and Asrani. It was filmed on location in Austin Texas. It was released by Lions Gate Entertainment.
 El Ultimo Leon is a 2012 American thriller short film written by Charles M. Murphy and directed by Franzis Muller.
 Mister Cory is a 1957 film by Blake Edwards starring Tony Curtis as a con artist who almost reforms. The film was atypical of Hollywood fare of its day but found favor with avant garde critics including Jean-Luc Godard who praised the film and considered it an influence on his own early work as a filmmaker.
 Sue Lost in Manhattan also known as Sue is a 1998 American drama film directed by Amos Kollek.
 Ramudu Bheemudu is a 1964 Telugu film directed by Tapi Chanakya. It was the first movie of D. Rama Naidu as a producer. N.T. Rama Rao played the dual role as Ramudu and Bheemudu. It was remade into Tamil as Enga Veettu Pillai (1964) With M. G. R and into Hindi as Ram Aur Shyam (1967) starring Dilip Kumar.
 Mardi Gras is a 1943 American short musical film directed by Hugh Bennett. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Those Years (Spanish: Aquellos años) is a 1973 Mexican drama film directed by Felipe Cazals. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 Mala época (English: Bad Times) is a 1998 Argentine drama film. The film was executive produced by Mario Santos.This dramatic anthology of four episodes represents the collaborative effort of Mariano De Rosa Rodrigo Moreno Salvador Roselli and Nicolás Saad. Each wrote and directed an episode.
 Beautiful But Broke (1944) is an American musical comedy film starring Joan Davis and Jane Frazee.
 Batang PX or Fil-American kid in English is a 1997 dramatic film produced by Star Cinema. This award-winning movie was directed by an acclaimed writer and director Jose Javier Reyes. Batang PX earned several awards and nominations from different award-giving bodies and was also responsible for bringing back Patrick Garcia to stardom.
 Police Crop: The Winchester Conspiracy is a 1990 Australian TV movie based on Operation Seville and the assassination of Colin Winchester.
 Roti (Hindi: रोटी Urdu: روٹی) is a 1974 Indian Hindi language film directed by Manmohan Desai which stars Rajesh Khanna Mumtaz Om Prakash Vijay Arora and Nirupa Roy. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal. This film got released on October 18 1974 along-with Benaam and Roti Kapda Aur Makaan.
 Je suis un sentimental is a 1955 French-Italian crime film directed by John Berry.
 The Eye also known as Seeing Ghosts is a 2002 Hong Kong-Singaporean horror film directed by the Pang brothers. The film spawned two sequels by the Pang brothers The Eye 2 and The Eye 10. There are three remakes of this film including Naina made in 2005 in India starring Urmila Matondkar and produced by Shripal Morakhia Sagar Pandya Anjum Rajabali and Rakesh Mehra and The Eye a 2008 Hollywood production starring Jessica Alba and produced by Peter Chan and Paula Wagner.
 Krishna is an 2007 Indian Kannada-language film starring Ganesh Pooja Gandhi and Sharmila Mandre. It is directed by M.D. Sridhar and produced by Ramesh Yadav. It is a remake of the Tamil hit Film Unnai Ninaithu directed by Vikraman.
 Confessions of an Action Star is an American action comedy mockumentary starring David Leitch Angelina Jolie Carrie-Anne Moss Hugo Weaving Eric Roberts Dax Shepard Debbie Allen Lee Arenberg and directed by Brad Martin. The film was entitled Sledge: The Untold Story during its film festival run and is distributed by Vivendi Entertainment and Lightyear Entertainment.
 To Have and to Hold is a 1916 American silent adventure/drama film directed by George Melford. Based on the 1900 novel of the same name the film starred Wallace Reid and Mae Murray in her film debut.The film is based on a novel by Mary Johnston which was turned into a play in 1901 by E. F. Boddington. The Broadway version starred Isabel Irving and Robert Loraine in the lead roles. Also in this play was a 20 year old actor and aspiring playwright named Cecil B. DeMille.
 Akogare no Hawaii Kōro (憧れのハワイ航路) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
 Jungle Jim is a black and white 1948 Adventure film directed by William Berke and written by Carroll Young was based on Alex Raymond's Jungle Jim comic strip and distributed by Columbia Pictures. This was the first picture in the Jungle Jim series that consisted of sixteen films spanning a period from 1948 to 1955.
 Barbara is a 2012 German drama film directed by Christian Petzold. The film competed at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012 where Petzold won the Silver Bear for Best Director. The film was selected as the German entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Sampo (Russian: Сампо) is a Russian and Finnish language 1959 joint Finnish and Soviet production based loosely on the events depicted in the Finnish national epic Kalevala. A significantly edited version called The Day the Earth Froze was released internationally. This version was later featured in the American series Mystery Science Theater 3000. The original Russian version has not been released on video or DVD.
 Savithriyude Aranjanam is a 2002 Malayalam movie directed by Mohan Kuplari. The movie features Innocent Harisree Ashokan and Ashwathy in the lead roles.
 The Derby is an 1895 British short black-and-white silent documentary film produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's Kinetoscopes featuring the end of the May 29 1895 Epsom Derby viewed from a raised position close to the finishing line with the main stand in the distance.
 Secret Sunday (or Number 9) (Thai: 9 วัด; translit. 9 wat; English: 9 temples) a 2010 Thai horror film is a directorial debut from screenwriter Saranyu Jiralaksanakul and stars Siraphun Wattanajinda and James Alexander.
 Believe Me is an upcoming comedy drama film directed by Will Bakke co-written with Michael B. Allen and produced by Alex Carroll. The film stars Alex Russell Sinqua Walls Max Adler Miles Fisher Johanna Braddy Zachary Knighton Nick Offerman and Christopher McDonald.
 Les malheurs d'Alfred (English: The Troubles of Alfred) is a 1972 French comedy film directed by and starring Pierre Richard.It has been released on DVD in Poland as Nieszczęścia Alfreda in Germany as Alfred die Knallerbse and in France with Le distrait in the box Pierre Richard réalisateur apparently without subtitles even in French.
 The Story of Boys & Girls (Italian: Storia di ragazzi e di ragazze) is a 1989 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati. The film won the Silver Ribbons for best director and for best script and the David di Donatello for best screenplay.
 The Only Thing is a silent 1925 costume drama starring Eleanor Boardman. This filmed marks the beginning of director's Jack Conway long career at MGM. The film is also notable for featuring in her second film role a young Joan Crawford playing a minor part as a lady in waiting.
 Christy: Return to Cutter Gap (also known as Christy: The Movie) is a 2000 made-for-tv movie starring Lauren Lee Smith Stewart Finlay-McLennan James Waterston Diane Ladd Dale Dickey Andy Stahl Bruce McKinnon and Claudette Mink.
 Felicidades (English: congratulations - international title Merry Christmas) is a 2000 Argentine-Italian drama film directed and written by Lucho Bender with Pablo Cedrón.The film starred Gastón Pauls. It was premiered at the Venice Film Festival in Italy on September 5 and in Argentina on September 7 2000.The picture was Argentina's official submission for the 73rd Academy Awards and won two Silver Condor Awards whilst being nominated for nine different categories.
 Kyun Hua Achanak is an upcoming 2013 Hindi romance film directed by Rajendra Shiv and produced by Amit Shrivastav and Narendra Singh.The film features Aseem Ali Khan Hazel Crowney Rajesh Shringarpure and Kashmira Shah as main characters.
 Jarrett 1973 is a NBC TV film starring Glenn Ford and directed by Barry Shear.
 Oh! Oku (大奥 Ōoku) is a Japanese historic romantic drama film released on December 23 2006 by Fuji Television. The film revolves around the Ejima-Ikushima affair of 1714. Director Tōru Hayashi and screenplay writer Taeko Asano also directed and wrote the 2005 television series of the same name on the Fuji Television.
 Don't Go to the Reunion is an 80's slasher film homage directed by Steve Goltz and written by Kevin Sommerfield. The film had its world premiere at the Oshkosh Horror Film Festival on October 5 2013. The slasher stars Stephanie Leigh Rose Matty Dorschner and Spencer Harlan. It is the first feature from Slasher Studios.
 The Ingrate is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Clear and Present Danger is a 1994 spy thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce based on Tom Clancy's book of the same name. It was preceded by the 1990 film The Hunt for Red October and the 1992 film Patriot Games all three featuring Clancy's fictional character Jack Ryan. It is the last film version of Clancy's novels to feature Harrison Ford as Ryan and James Earl Jones as Vice Admiral James Greer as well as the final one directed by Phillip Noyce.As in the novel Ryan is appointed U.S.
 The Heart Breaker is a 1925 American short comedy film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff.
 Boogie (Spanish: Boogie el aceitoso) is a 2009 3D Argentinian Flash-animated action-thriller film based on the Argentine character Boogie the oily by Roberto Fontanarrosa and directed by Gustavo Cova. The voices of main characters Boogie and Marcia were performed by Pablo Echarri and Nancy Dupláa. It was the first 3D animated movie made in Argentina and Latin America.
 Miss Nobody is a 1926 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures and directed by Lambert Hillyer. The film is based on a short story by Tiffany Wells called Shebo; the likely feminine pronunciation of hobo. The stars of the film were Anna Q. Nilsson and Walter Pidgeon then in a very early role in his career. The plot of this film bears a striking resemblance to Beggars of Life made two years later at Paramount. This film appears to be lost.
 Dangerous When Wet (1953) is an Technicolor Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical film starring Esther Williams Fernando Lamas and Jack Carson directed by Charles Walters and featuring an animated swimming sequence starring Williams with the famous cat-and-mouse duo Tom and Jerry.
 Freedom Downtime is a 2001 documentary film sympathetic to the convicted computer hacker Kevin Mitnick directed by Emmanuel Goldstein and produced by 2600 Films.The documentary centers on the fate of Mitnick who is claimed to have been misrepresented in the feature film Takedown (2000) produced by Miramax and adapted from the book by the same name by Tsutomu Shimomura and John Markoff which is based on disputed events.
 Anjuman (English: Congregation) is a 1986 Hindi drama film directed by Muzaffar Ali starring Shabana Azmi Farooq Shaikh and Rohini Hattangadi in lead roles. The film set in Lucknow deals with exploitation of women and problems of local  chikan embroidery workers.The film has music by Khayyam with lyrics by noted Urdu poet Shahryar with three song sung by lead actress Shabana Azmi who reluctantly agreed to do playback singing.
 Moustapha Alassane cinéaste du possible is a 2009 documentary film.
 Harry in Your Pocket is a 1973 film written by James Buchanan and Ronald Austin and directed by Bruce Geller starring James Coburn Michael Sarrazin Trish Van Devere and Walter Pidgeon.The movie was filmed in Victoria BC Salt Lake City Utah and Seattle Washington with the then-mayor of Seattle Wes Uhlman contributing a cameo appearance.
 The Land of Smiles (German:Das Land des Lächelns) is a 1952 West German operetta film directed by Hans Deppe and Erik Ode and starring Mártha Eggerth Jan Kiepura and Walter Müller. It is an adaptation of the operetta The Land of Smiles composed by Franz Lehár which had previously been made into a 1930 film starring Richard Tauber.
 Two Girls on Broadway is a 1940 musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Lana Turner and Joan Blondell. The film is a remake of The Broadway Melody (1929).
 Tomie: Forbidden Fruit (富江 ・最終章～禁断の果実～) is a 2002 Japanese horror film directed by Shun Nakahara. It is the fifth installment of the Tomie film series based on a eponymous manga by Junji Ito.
 Attila (Italian: Attila il flagello di Dio; French: Attila fléau de Dieu) is a 1954 Franco-Italian film co-production directed by Pietro Francisci and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. Based on the life of Attila the Hun it stars Anthony Quinn as Attila and Sophia Loren as Honoria with Henri Vidal Irene Papas Ettore Manni and Christian Marquand. Scott Marlowe (1932–2001) made his screen debut in this film.
 Amar Silpi Jakkanna is a 1964 Telugu devotional biographical film. The ensemble cast film was directed by veteran B. S. Ranga thespian Akkineni Nageswara Rao enacted the role of Amarashilpi Jakanachari.
 Doore Doore Oru Koodu Koottam is a 1986 Malayalam film written by Sreenivasan and directed by Sibi Malayil. It stars Mohanlal Menaka Jagathy Sreekumar Nedumudi Venu Mamukkoya Sukumari Kunjandi Sreenivasan Innocent and K. P. A. C. Sunny in major roles. It won the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues.
 Kamen Rider ZO (仮面ライダーZO Kamen Raidā Zetto Ō) translated as Masked Rider ZO is a 1993 Japanese tokusatsu movie produced by Toei Company part of their Kamen Rider Series.
 Det støver stadig is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner.
 L'etoile du nord (English: The North Star) is a 1982 French film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre and based on a novel by Georges Simenon starring Simone Signoret Philippe Noiret Fanny Cottençon and Julie Jézéquel. It won a César Award for Best Writing and Best Supporting Actress and was nominated for Best Actress Most Promising Actress and Best Editing.
 The Dame in Color (French: La Dame en couleurs) is a 1985 Canadian drama film directed by Claude Jutra. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Re-encounter (Hangul: 혜화동; RR: Hyehwa Dong; lit. Hye-hwa Child) is a 2011 South Korean indie film written and directed by Min Yong-keun.
 Heidi's Song is a 1982 animated musical feature film produced by Hanna-Barbera. The film is based on the novel Heidi by Johanna Spyri. Among the voice cast of the film are Lorne Greene as Grandfather Margery Gray as Heidi and Sammy Davis Jr. as Head Ratte.
 Forest of Bliss is a 1986 documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner about everyday life in Benares India.
 X2000 is a 1998 short film directed by François Ozon.
 Delusions (Hebrew: דמיונות‎ / Dymionot) is a 2005 Israeli film comedy-drama Nouvelle Vague film style that deals with the structure and conventions of cinematic language. Directed by Nimrod Etsion Koren and Saar Lachmi starring Osnat Hakim Riki Blich Leon Rosenberg and Ohad Knoller.
 Zorns Lemma is a 1970 American structural experimental film by Hollis Frampton. It is named after Zorn's lemma (also known as the Kuratowski–Zorn lemma) a proposition of set theory formulated by mathematician Max Zorn in 1935. It remains along with Michael Snow's Wavelength and Tony Conrad's The Flicker one of the best known examples of structural filmmaking. The experimental filmmaker Ernie Gehr stated: Zorns Lemma is a major poetic work.
 The Steel Claw is a wartime drama set in the Philippines during World War II. It is an action-adventure film about a handicapped ex-Marine on a mission to rescue an officer in the early days of the Japanese invasion. The Steel Claw was directed starred and co-scripted by George Montgomery.It has no relation to the comic book series Steel Claw.
 Victor/Victoria is a television film of the 1995 Broadway show of the same name. It was written and directed by Blake Edwards based on Edwards' 1982 film of the same name.
 Peter-No-Tail (Swedish: Pelle Svanslös) is a 1981 Swedish film about a cat who does not have a tail. He is born on a farm in the Swedish countryside but the farm's owner is greedy and believes that more cats will cost too much money. He orders one of the workers to have Peter drowned but the worker can't bring himself to do it. He puts Peter in the car of a family who are renting a house close to the farm for their summer vacation. The family who live in Uppsala take care of Peter.
 Skeleton Crew is a 2009 horror film directed by Tero Molin and Tommi Lepola and written by Tero Molin and Teemu Molin.
 Vice Squad is a 1953 police procedural film directed by Arnold Laven and starring Edward G. Robinson as a police captain with the Los Angeles Police Department and Paulette Goddard as one of his informants.
 Ninaivirukkum Varai is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Subhash. The film stars Prabhu Deva Keerthi Reddy and Anand in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Deva.
 Savaale Samali is a 1971 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan in the lead role of a protagonist.
 Qaidi is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Nirmal Pandey Vishwajeet Pradhan Raza Murad Roshni Archana
 A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints is a 2006 American drama film based on a 2001 memoir of the same name by author director and musician Dito Montiel which describes his youth in Astoria New York during the 1980s.Montiel wrote and directed the film adaptation which was released in the United States in September and October 2006 and in Europe in March 2007. The film stars Robert Downey Jr.
 Bloodfist II is a 1990 action/adventure film starring Don Wilson Kris Aguilar and Ronald Asinas. It was directed by Andy Blumenthal and written by Catherine Cyran.
 Nang Mahawi ang Ulap is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuellsand starring Rosa Aguirre Africa Dela Rosa and Lota Delgado.
 Fascination is a 1979 film directed by Jean Rollin who is famous for his vampire films and films of a dream-like quality.
 Prime Risk is a 1985 drama film directed by Michael Farkas and starring Lee Montgomery and Toni Hudson.
 A Place of One's Own (1945) is a British film directed by Bernard Knowles. An atmospheric ghost story based on the novel by Osbert Sitwell it stars James Mason Barbara Mullen Margaret Lockwood Dennis Price and Dulcie Gray. Mason and Mullen are artificially aged to play the old couple. It was one of the cycle of Gainsborough Melodramas.
 A Shocking Accident is a 1982 short comedy film directed by James Scott based on Graham Greene's short story by the same name. It won an Academy Award in 1983 for Best Short Subject.
 Your Name Here (formerly Panasonic) is a 2008 American surreal dramatic fantasy biopic loosely based on the life of Philip K. Dick. Written and directed by and the feature film directorial debut of musician Matthew Wilder with stars Bill Pullman and Taryn Manning in the lead roles.
 A Gunfighter's Pledge (the working title was The Pledge) is a 2008 Western television film starring Luke Perry. The film premiered on Hallmark Channel in July 2008. It was filmed at Big Sky Ranch in Simi Valley California.
 Night at the Crossroads (French: La Nuit du carrefour) is a 1932 film by Jean Renoir based on the novel of the same title (known in English as Maigret at the Crossroads) by Georges Simenon and starring Renoir's brother Pierre Renoir as Simenon's popular detective Inspector Maigret.The French director Jacques Becker then apprenticed to Renoir worked as assistant director and production manager on the film.
 Augustin is a 1995 French comedy film directed by Anne Fontaine. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Carne inquieta is a 1952 Italian film.
 The Warrior Strain is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Sydney Wood Harry Agar Lyons and J. Edwards Barker. The future Edward VIII then Prince of Wales appeared in the film. During the First World War a group of British cadets thwart the plans of a German agent. It bears strong similarities to The Power of Right also directed by Thornton and featuring the Prince of Wales which was released the same year.
 The Conjugal Bed (Romanian: Patul conjugal) is a 1993 Romanian comedy film directed by Mircea Daneliuc. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Hand That Rocks the Cradle is an American silent film released in 1917. It was written produced and directed by the husband and wife team Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber who also play the lead roles. It was made in Hollywood under the working title Is a Woman a Person? The plot follows the careers of a husband and wife pair of activists campaigning for sex education and family planning.
 Doina is a 2010 Romanian short musical drama film written & directed by Italian filmmaker Nikolas Grasso starring Maria Dinulescu Mircea Galis and Mariana Preda.
 Fist of Legend is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Gordon Chan and features action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping and produced by Jet Li who also starred in the lead role. The film was released in Hong Kong on 22 December 1994. It is a remake of the 1972's Fist of Fury which starred Bruce Lee as the lead character. The film is set in the Shanghai International Settlement in 1937 during the Second Sino-Japanese War as the city is occupied by Japanese forces.
 Ana and the Others (Spanish: Ana y los otros) is a 2003 Argentine independent drama film directed and written by Celina Murga.
 Megitsune Buro Megitsune Buro (女狐風呂) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Yasuda Kimiyoshi.
 Reina de reinas: La Virgen María (Queen of Queens: The Virgin Mary) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Luis Alcoriza.
 For Heaven's Sake is a 1950 fantasy film starring Clifton Webb as an angel trying to save the marriage of a couple played by Joan Bennett and Robert Cummings. It was adapted from the play May We Come In? by Harry Segall.
 Brainstorm released in 1965 is a late film noir. The film stars Jeffrey Hunter (credited as Jeff) and Anne Francis and was produced and directed by William Conrad who became better known as an actor in such television series as Cannon and Jake and the Fat Man.
 Fever Lake is a 1996 horror film starring Corey Haim Mario López and Bo Hopkins.
 Hard Core Logo 2 is a 2010 Canadian drama film written and directed by Bruce McDonald. It is a sequel to McDonald's 1996 film Hard Core Logo.
 Gebo and the Shadow (French: Gebo et l'Ombre Portuguese: O Gebo e a Sombra) is a 2012 Portuguese-French drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It is based on a play by Raul Brandão. It was shown at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 Harold and Maude is a 1971 American black comedy romantic film directed by Hal Ashby and released by Paramount Pictures. It incorporates elements of dark humor and existentialist drama with a plot that revolves around the exploits of a young man named Harold (played by Bud Cort) intrigued with death.
 Parbat Pe Apna Dera is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 The Murder Man is a 1935 crime-drama film starring Spencer Tracy Virginia Bruce and Lionel Atwill and directed by Tim Whelan. The picture was Tracy's first film in what would be a twenty-year career with MGM. Tracy plays an investigative reporter who specializes in murder cases. It is the feature film debut of James Stewart (who had previously appeared in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble). Stewart has sixth billing as a reporter named Shorty.
 JLA Adventures: Trapped in Time is a direct-to-video animated film featuring the Justice League of America. It was released exclusively at Target stores on January 21 2014 and features Diedrich Bader Travis Willingham and Kevin Michael Richardson reprising their roles as Batman Gorilla Grodd and Black Manta.
 Naked Paradise is a 1957 drama film directed by Roger Corman. It stars Richard Denning and Beverly Garland.
 Apariencias (English: Appearances) is a 2000 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Alberto Lecchi and starring Andrea Del Boca and Adrián Suar.
 Among the Mourners is a 1914 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Aaj Ka Ye Ghar is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Surendra Shailaj. The film stars Helen.
 Talk To Me is a 2006 British documentary film by filmmaker Mark Craig. The film won 'Best Short Doc' upon its debut at the Boulder International Film Festival in 2006.
 Blood and Fire (Swedish: Blod och eld) is a 1945 Swedish drama film directed by Anders Henrikson. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Plex is a 2008 Australian film.
 Crazy as Hell released in 2002 (New York and L.A. only) is a horror suspense film that is based on the 1982 novel by Jeremy Leven and follows Dr. Ty Adams (played by Michael Beach) an aggressive and overconfident psychiatrist who is producing a documentary film about a nearby state-run mental hospital. While treating a new patient (Eriq La Salle who also directed) who claims to be Satan Dr. Adams begins to question his own perceptions.
 The Thing is a 2011 science fiction horror film directed by Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. and written by Eric Heisserer based on the novella Who Goes There? by John W. Campbell. It is a prequel to the 1982 film of the same name by John Carpenter. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead Joel Edgerton Ulrich Thomsen Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Eric Christian Olsen.
 The Story of a Three-Day Pass (French title La Permission) is a black-and-white film written and directed often in a Nouvelle Vague style by Melvin Van Peebles based on a novel he wrote in French La Permission. Although made in 1967 the film was not released in the U.S. until July 8 1968. Van Peebles also collaborated on the score with Mickey Baker and sings one of the two songs written for the film When My Number Gonna Hit.
 Mr. Morgan's Last Love (also known as Last Love) is an 2013 comedy-drama film based on Francoise Dorner's French novel La Douceur Assassine. It is written and directed by Sandra Nettelbeck and stars Michael Caine and Clémence Poésy.
 Adventure in the Bronx is a 1941 American short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Life Without Soul (1915) is a horror film directed by Joseph W. Smiley and written by Jesse J. Goldburg. This film is an adaptation of Mary Shelley's Gothic novel Frankenstein. The film is about a doctor who creates a soulless man. In the end it turns out that a young man has dreamed the events of the film after falling asleep reading Mary Shelley's novel. This version is considered a lost film and the second film version of Frankenstein.
 The Angel of Vengeance – The Female Hamlet (Turkish: İntikam Meleği – Kadın Hamlet) is a 1977 Turkish drama film directed by Metin Erksan. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Breathing Room (also known as A Room to Breathe) is a 2008 horror film written and directed by John Suits and Gabriel Cowan.
 Sisters is a 2006 independent horror film directed by Douglas Buck. It is a remake of the 1973 Brian De Palma film of the same name. The film stars Stephen Rea Lou Doillon and Chloë Sevigny in the leading roles with Dallas Roberts and JR Bourne playing supporting characters.
 The Kids Are All Right is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Lisa Cholodenko and written by Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg. One of Sundance 2010's breakout hits it opened in limited release on July 9 2010 expanding to more theaters on July 30 2010. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 16 2010.
 Castle of Blood (Italian title: Danza Macabra) is a 1964 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti using the pseudonym Anthony M. Dawson. This film is also known as Coffin of Terror Danse macabre Dimensions in Death La Lunga notte del terrore Terrore The Castle of Terror The Long Night of Terror Tombs of Horror and Tombs of Terror.
 Knight of Cups is an American drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick and produced by Nicolas Gonda and Sarah Green. As of May 2013 the film was in post production.
 Alladin's Lantern is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 171st Our Gang short (172nd episode 83rd talking short 84th talking episode and third MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Red to Kill (Chinese: 弱殺; pinyin: ruò shā) is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.
 World Peace and Other 4th Grade Achievements is a 2010 documentary film by American filmmaker Chris Farina. The film is centered on an 8-week political simulation The World Peace Game. To win the game its fourth grade players must peacefully solve the economic political and environmental crises of their respective “nation teams”. The film highlights the personalities of the students but focuses their teacher and creator of the game John Hunter.
 The Littlest Outlaw is a live-action film produced by Walt Disney. It was released by Buena Vista Distribution on December 22 1955. It was directed by Roberto Gavaldón and written by Larry Lansburgh (story) and Bill Walsh (screenplay). This is the seventh live-action movie by Walt Disney Productions.It starred Pedro Armendáriz as Gen. Torres Joseph Calleia as the Padre and Andrés Velázquez as Pablito.
 Tous les matins du monde (English Translation: All the Mornings of the World) is a 1991 French film based on the book of the same name. Set during the reign of Louis XIV the film shows the eminent musician Marin Marais looking back on his young life when he tried to become a pupil of Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe and features much music of the period especially that for the viola da gamba.
 August Eighth (Russian: «Август. Восьмого» translit. Avgust. Vosʹmogo) is a 2012 Russian action drama film about the 2008 South Ossetia war. This is the third film ever on this theme.The film tells the story of a young single mother who is compelled to make her way at risk of her life to South Ossetia where her son is. She had sent him there on the eve of the conflict.
 The Eyes of Thailand is a 2012 documentary film directed and produced by Windy Borman and produced by Tim VandeSteeg. The film chronicles the work of Soraida Salwala who opened the world's first elephant hospital (Friends of Asian Elephants Hospital) in Lampang Thailand and together with her team created the world's first elephant prosthesis.
 The Miracle (French: Le Miraculé) is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Such Is the Law is a 1930 British film directed by Sinclair Hill.
 See also Ski Patrol (disambiguation)Ski Patrol is a 1940 American war film directed by Lew Landers produced by Ben Pivar and Warren Douglas and released by Universal Pictures.Two rival skiers competing in the 1936 Olympics one Russian and one Finn are pitted against each other just a few years later as the Russians attack the Finnish border in the Winter War and the Finnish heroes defend a snow-laden mountain pass.
 Bride of the Wind is a 2001 period drama directed by Academy Award-nominee Bruce Beresford and written by first-time screenwriter Marilyn Levy. Loosely based on the life of Alma Mahler Bride of the Wind recounts Alma's marriage to famed composer Gustav Mahler and her romantic exploits. The title of the film alludes to a painting by Oskar Kokoschka named Die Windsbraut literally meaning The Bride of the Wind though often translated as The Tempest.
 Edwin Boyd: Citizen Gangster is a 2011 Canadian drama film directed and written by Nathan Morlando. Scott Speedman stars as Canadian gangster and folk hero Edwin Alonzo Boyd.The film originally premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival under the title Edwin Boyd but was retitled Edwin Boyd: Citizen Gangster in general release.
 Thirumalai (Tamil: திருமலை) is a Tamil Action Romantic film directed by Ramana . This film has Vijay and Jyothika in the lead roles with Lawrence Raghavendra and Kiran Rathod make special appearances in the film. Produced by Kavithalayaa Productions banner. In which Vijay plays a bike mechanic of the Pudupet area in Chennai. This film was a turning point in actor Vjay's career as he introduced himself as an action hero with a well changed stylish new look.
 Invasion of the Saucer Men (also known as Invasion of the Hell Creatures working title - Spacemen Saturday Night) is a 1957 sci-fi comedy film starring Steven Terrell and Gloria Castillo and personally produced by James H. Nicholson for his American International Pictures (AIP). The screenplay by Robert J Gurney Jr and Al Martin was based on the 1955 short story The Cosmic Frame by Paul W. Fairman. The film was released as a double feature with I Was a Teenage Werewolf.
 Aki na Ukwa is a 2003 Nigerian comedy film directed by Amayo Uzo Philips and starring Osita Iheme and Chinedu Ikedieze. This film launched the acting careers of the two actors.
 Food (Czech: Jídlo) is a 1992 Czech animated short film directed by Jan Švankmajer that uses claymation and pixilation. It examines the human relationship with food by showing breakfast lunch and dinner.
 Late Phases is a 2014 horror drama film by Adrián García Bogliano and his first feature film in the English language. The film had its world premiere on March 9 2014 at South by Southwest and stars Nick Damici as a blind war veteran that becomes the victim of a werewolf attack.
 The Looney Looney Looney Bugs Bunny Movie is a 1981 Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts and animated bridging sequences produced by Friz Freleng hosted by Bugs Bunny. The new footage was one of the final productions done by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises.
 Le Silence est d'or (Silence is golden) is a 1947 French-American film written and directed by René Clair. It was released in a shortened version in the USA as Man About Town (see below). The film marked Clair's return to working in France after twelve years abroad in Britain and the USA.
 Protecting the King is a 2007 American drama film starring Peter Dobson as Elvis Presley. It tells the story of David Stanley (Matt Barr) the stepbrother and bodyguard of Elvis.
 Video de Familia is an independent Cuban film made in 2001. It tells the story of a broken Cuban family with a homosexual son which has emigrated to the US. The film is composed of 5 shots of 10 minutes each in the form of Video Letters. The film has run a number of awards in Cuba.
 For the 1961 film version of the Faulkner novel see Sanctuary (1961 film).The Story of Temple Drake is a 1933 Pre-Code drama film adapted from the highly controversial novel Sanctuary by William Faulkner. Though watered down the movie was still so scandalous it was one of the reasons for the introduction of the Hays Code.
 Jackpot (Bengali: জ্যাকপট) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Kaushik Ganguly. The film stars Hiran Chatterjee Koyel Mallick Rahul Banerjee and Sohini Paul (the daughter of Tapas Paul). It was Paul's second film after her debut in Bow Barracks Forever.
 Women They Talk About (1928) is a part-talkie film with talking music and sound effects sequences starring Irene Rich directed by Lloyd Bacon and released by Warner Brothers. It is currently a lost film.
 Thirumal Perumai (தமிழ்: திருமால் பெருமை) is a Tamil-language film directed by A.P. Nagarajan and released in 1968. It was his 9th film and also his first for 1968.It starred Sivakumar in one of his best roles ever. The film's title means the Lord's glory in Tamil.
 Cheila (Spanish: Cheila: Una Casa Pa' Maita) is a Venezuelan tragicomedy film directed by Eduardo Barberena based on the theatrical play La Quinta Dayana written by Elio Palencia. It was first premiered at the 2009 Mérida Film Festival receiving the Best Movie and other five awards it was then released in theaters on 16 July 2010.
 The Golden Child is a 1986 fantasy comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Eddie Murphy as Chandler Jarrell who is informed that he is The Chosen One and is destined to save The Golden Child the savior of all humankind.The film was produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures and received a total gross of $79817937 at the United States (US) box office.
 A Home Too Far is a 1990 Taiwanese war drama film directed by Chu Yen-ping starring Andy Lau and Tou Chung-hua. It is based on a novel by Bo Yang which is based on the true story of Republic of China Army's 93rd Division taking refuge in Santikhiri (Mae Salong) on northern border between Myanmar and Thailand.
 The Man in Gray (Italian: L'uomo in grigio) is a 1961 Italian short documentary film produced by Benedetto Benedetti. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Akaler Sandhane (Bengali: আকালের সন্ধানে Akaler Shôndhane lit. In Search of Famine) is a 1980 Indian Bengali film directed by Mrinal Sen.
 Uppukandam Brothers is a 1993 Malayalam film directed by Suresh Babu. The film features Captain Raju Mohanraj Babu Antony Jagadish Baiju Geetha Maathu Siddique Rajan P. Dev Prathapachandran and Jagathy Sreekumar and in the lead roles. It was produced and distributed by Maruthi Pictures.The background score for this film was composed by S. P. Venkatesh.
 Aimée & Jaguar is a 1999 German drama film set in Berlin during World War II. It was written and directed by Max Färberböck based upon Erica Fischer's (de: Erica Fischer) book chronicling the actual lives of Lilly Wust and Felice Schragenheim during that time period. Prior to Erica Fischer's bestseller Lilly Wust was tracked down by the American journalist author and noted Holocaust researcher Charles Brady who considered Lilly Wust a Holocaust victim.
 November Rain is a Nepali language film. It was released in 2014 worldwide.
 The Tenant is a 1976 psychological thriller film directed by Roman Polanski starring Polanski Isabelle Adjani Melvyn Douglas and Shelley Winters. It is based upon the 1964 novel Le locataire chimérique by Roland Topor. The film is also known under the French title Le Locataire. It is the last film in Polanski's Apartment Trilogy following Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby. It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. The film had a total of 534637 admissions in France.
 Spring Break is a 1983 comedy film starring David Knell and Perry Lang.Tagline: Like it's really totally the most fun a couple of bodies can have. You know?
 The Man with the Frog (German:Der Mann mit dem Laubfrosch) is a 1929 German silent crime film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Heinrich George Hans Junkermann and Evelyn Holt. The film's art direction was by Otto Moldenhauer.
 Taínos is a 2005 Puerto Rican film written and directed by Benjamín López. The film follows Sara Cordero (Miró) a young archaeology student who organizes an expedition to La Mora Cave in the town of Comerío with three friends. A young and mysterious man called Yabey (Reyes) offers to guide her expedition. As they venture deeper into the forest they discover a tribe of Taíno Indians living away from civilization.
 The Bespoke Overcoat is a 1956 British short film directed by Jack Clayton based on a 1953 play of the same name by Wolf Mankowitz. The story is an adaptation of Gogol's short story The Overcoat with the action moved from Russia to the East End of London. In this version the protagonists are poor Jews working in the clothing trade. It won an Academy Award at the 29th Academy Awards in 1957 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Sema Ragalai is a 2004 Tamil comedy film directed by Ramkumar. The film features Sathyaraj and Devayani in the lead roles with Kalabhavan Mani in other pivotal role. The film which had musical score by Simam Kumar was released in 2004.
 Love Hurts is a 2009 romantic comedy film with Richard E. Grant Carrie-Anne Moss Johnny Pacar Jenna Elfman Janeane Garofalo and Camryn Manheim. It was written and directed by Barra Grant.
 Billy's Love Making is a 1915 American silent romantic drama directed by and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.
 Jagratha (Malayalam: ജാഗ്രത) is a 1989 Malayalam Investigative thriller film directed by K. Madhu starring Mammootty Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar.This film is the second in the series of the CBI investigative thrillers featuring Mammootty as CBI officer Sethurama Iyer. Oru CBI Diary Kurippu released in 1988 was the first film in this series. Two more sequels were produced: Sethurama Iyer CBI (2004) and Nerariyan CBI (2005).
 Cinema16: British Short Films is a DVD featuring British short films directed by the likes of Ridley Scott Christopher Nolan and Mike Leigh as well as less well known names. It is the first in a series of DVDs released by Cinema16.
 Koko Flanel is a Belgian comedy movie directed by Stijn Coninx starring Urbanus Bea Van Der Maat Willeke van Ammelrooy Herbert Flack and Ann Petersen. The movie was released in 1990 and was until 18 February 2009 the most successful Flemish movie regarding amount of visitors in Belgian movie theatres. It was then beaten by Loft.
 Deadly Intruder (aka The Deadly Intruder) is a 1985 horror film.
 Me and My Brother is a 1969 independent film directed by Robert Frank. The film stars Julius Orlovsky Peter Orlovsky John Coe Seth Allen and Christopher Walken. It is Sam Shepard's film debut. The film tells a story of Julius and Peter Orlovsky. Christopher Walken speaking with the dubbed voice of Robert Frank.
 No or the Vain Glory of Command (Portuguese: Non ou a Vã Gloria de Mandar) is a 1990 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
 The Golden Butterfly (German: Der goldene Schmetterling) is a 1926 German film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Las Modelos is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Disciple (Swedish: Lärjungen) is a 2013 Finnish drama film directed by Ulrika Bengts. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Baby is a 2008 independent film considered part of the hood film genre. The film tells the story of an Asian-American youth's gang life in East Los Angeles set during the mid '80s to the early '90s. Directed by Juwan Chung and starring David Huynh Tzi Ma Feodor Chin Ron Yuan and Kenneth Choi. It has been called the Asian American Boyz n the Hood by the San Francisco Chronicle.
 Por el mismo camino (On the Same Road) is a 1953 Mexican film starring Sara García.
 When the Game Stands Tall is an upcoming sports drama film. The film which stars Jim Caviezel as Coach Bob Ladouceur Laura Dern as Bev Ladouceur Michael Chiklis as assistant coach Terry Eidson and Alexander Ludwig as running back Chris Ryan is about the record-setting 151-game 1992–2003 high school football winning streak by De La Salle High School of Concord California. The film is an adaptation of the 2003 book of the same name by Neil Hayes published by North Atlantic Books.
 Vadakkumnadhan (Malayalam: വടക്കുംനാഥന്‍) is a 2006 Malayalam drama film directed by Shajoon Kariyal written by Gireesh Puthenchery starring Mohanlal Padmapriya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles. The film is an unusual love story shot mostly in the scenic foothills of the Himalayas. This film was a critical and commercial success and turned out to be a hit.
 Slayers Gorgeous (スレイヤーズごうじゃす Sureiyāzu Gōjasu) is a 1998 comic fantasy anime film written by Hajime Kanzaka and directed by Hiroshi Watanabe. Gorgeous is the fourth film in the Slayers saga and the final anime entry in the prequels to the main series.
 Kafka au Congo is a 2010 documentary film.
 Sweet Dreamers is a 1981 Australian film about a filmmaker and his girlfriend.Tom Cowan has said the film was very autobiographical and met with a great deal of resistance from funding bodies. It was the last dramatic feature film directed by Tom Cowan for a long time.The film was partly funded by the Creative Development Branch of the Australian Film Commission.
 Sunset at Chaophraya (Thai: คู่กรรม Khu Kam) is a 1996 romantic-drama film directed by Euthana Mukdasanit.
 The Great Mom Swap is a 1995 film released direct-to-video by Hallmark Entertainment.
 Vargam is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by M. Padmakumar. The film stars Prithviraj Renuka Menon Vijayaraghavan Devan and Captain Raju in lead roles.
 Summer with Monika (Swedish: Sommaren med Monika) is a 1953 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. It sparked controversy abroad for its frank depiction of nudity and along with the film One Summer of Happiness from the year before directed by Arne Mattsson it helped to create the reputation of Sweden as a sexually liberated place.The film made a star of its lead actress Harriet Andersson.
 Shadow of the Two-headed Eagle (Finnish: Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa) is a 2005 Finnish film directed and written by Timo Koivusalo.
 Assassination in Davos (German: Konfrontation) is a 1976 Swiss thriller film directed by Rolf Lyssy and starring Peter Bollag Gert Haucke and Marianne Kehlau. It is based on the assassination of the Swiss Nazi Wilhelm Gustloff by a student in 1936. The film was selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Whispers of Dead Zone (Turkmen: Ölü Bölgeden Fısıltılar) is a 2012 drama in Turkish-French co-production directed by Fırat Çağrı Beyaz. The film premiered at the Istanbul International Film Festival.
 Sonali Cable is a 2014 Bollywood film directed by Charudutt Acharya and produced by Ramesh Sippy and Rohan Sippy. The script penned by Acharya himself was one of the eight scripts selected for Mumbai Mantra-Sundance Institute Screenwriters Lab 2012 chosen through an evaluation process of submissions from around the world including the United States and France. Newcomer Rhea Chakraborty has been roped in to play a pivotal role.
 Manasantha Nuvve is a 2001 blockbuster Telugu film written and directed by V.N. Aditya. This film stars Uday Kiran and Reema Sen in the lead roles. The film is produced by M. S. Raju and has music composed by R. P. Patnaik.
 The Good Road is a 2013 Indian drama film written and directed by Gyan Correa. It was selected as the Indian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. The film won the award for Best Gujarati film at the 60th National Film Awards. It is told in a hyperlink format where several stories are intertwined with the center of the action being a highway in the rural lands of Gujarat near a town in Kutch.
 Phantom of the Mall: Eric's Revenge is a 1989 horror film about a young man who apparently dies in a suspicious house fire after saving his girlfriend Melody; a year later at the new mall built over the site of the burned-out house thefts and murders begin to occur as a mysterious figure secretly prowls around the shopping center and takes a keen interest in watching over and protecting Melody.
 Ammaye Kaanaan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1963.
 Crooklyn is a 1994 semi-autobiographical film co-written and directed by Spike Lee. The film takes place in Brooklyn New York and the neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyvesant during the summer of 1973. Its primary focus is a young girl Troy (played by Zelda Harris) and her family.
 The Doom Generation is a 1995 comedy thriller film written and directed by Gregg Araki. The film stars Rose McGowan James Duval and Johnathon Schaech as two teenagers and a 21-year-old punk drifter who become involved in a ménage à trois.The film is the second of a trilogy of films known as the Teenage Apocalypse Trilogy the first being Totally Fucked Up and the last Nowhere.
 Baghdad Ka Chor is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Oomai Vizhigal (English: Silent Eyes) is a 1986 Tamil language drama film directed by R. Aravindraj. The film features Vijayakanth Arun Pandian Karthik Chandrasekhar and Jaishankar in lead roles. The film was released on 15 August 1986 and completed 100 days in theaters. The film became a blockbuster and was a profitable venture.
 Bellezze in bicicletta (‘Beauties on Bicycles’) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Campogalliani. The film stars Silvana Pampanini and Delia Scala.
 Tropico is an Anthony Mandler-directed short film about an epic tale based on the Biblical story of sin and redemption starring Lana Del Rey as Eve and Shaun Ross as Adam. The film was premiered at the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood California on December 4 2013 before being uploaded to Del Rey's official VEVO account the following day. It features the songs Body Electric Gods and Monsters and Bel Air all taken from Del Rey's 2012 EP Paradise.
 Mix Me a Person is a 1962 British crime drama film directed by Leslie Norman and starring Anne Baxter Donald Sinden Adam Faith Walter Brown and Carole Ann Ford. A young London criminal is faced with a hanging for murdering a policeman. With even his defence counsel convinced of his guilt a female psychiatrist throws herself into proving that the investigating police and legal system have made a mistake.
 Daisy Town is a 1971 French-Belgian film based on the comic series Lucky Luke. A Lucky Luke comic with the title Daisy Town was released in 1982
 The Hours is a 2002 drama film directed by Stephen Daldry and starring Nicole Kidman Meryl Streep Julianne Moore and Ed Harris. The screenplay by David Hare is based on the 1999 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same title by Michael Cunningham.The plot focuses on three women of different generations whose lives are interconnected by the novel Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf.
 Many Waters is a 1931 British romance film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Arthur Margetson and Elizabeth Allan. It was based on a play by Leon M. Lion. An elderly couple reminisce about the romantic adventures of their youth. It was the last film of actress Lillian Hall-Davis a star of the silent era who committed suicide in 1933.
 Cookies & Cream is a 2008 American independent drama film written and directed by Princeton Holt as his first feature length narrative film.
 There are two feature films based on the manga and anime series YuYu Hakusho by Yoshihiro Togashi. The films were produced by Studio Pierrot and released in Japan theatrically the first Yu Yu Hakusho: The Movie in 1993 and the second Yu Yu Hakusho: Chapter of Underworld's Carnage - Bonds of Fire in 1994. Before Funimation Entertainment acquired the rights to the anime in 2001 the films were dubbed and released in North America by two other companies.
 Two Weeks Notice is a 2002 romantic comedy film starring Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock from Warner Bros. Pictures. The film was written and directed by Marc Lawrence. Although response was mixed the film received a successful box office run both in the United States and globally.
 Secretariat is a 2010 biographical sports drama film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures and directed by Randall Wallace. The film chronicles the life of thoroughbred race horse Secretariat winner of the Triple Crown in 1973. Diane Lane portrays Secretariat's owner Penny Chenery and John Malkovich plays the trainer Lucien Laurin.Filming took place on location in Louisville and Lexington Kentucky and around Lafayette Louisiana and Carencro Louisiana.
 The Fable of Elvira and Farina and the Meal Ticket is a 1915 silent film directed by Richard Foster Baker. Gloria Swanson made her first credited appearance in this film as Farina.
 Time Without Pity (1957) is a thriller about a father trying to save his son from execution for murder. It stars Michael Redgrave Ann Todd and Leo McKern.
 Felix şi Otilia (Felix and Otilia) is a 1972 Romanian drama film based on the George Călinescu's 1938 novel Enigma Otiliei. The film was directed by Iulian Mihu and scripted by Ioan Grigorescu. The titular roles are played by Radu Boruzescu and Julieta Szönyi.
 We’re Talking Serious Money (1991) also known as Serious Money is an Action/ Comedy directed by James Lemmo. He also co-wrote the screenplay with Leo Rossi who also stars in the movie. Cinematography by Jacques Haitkin. It also stars: Dennis Farina Fran Drescher John LaMotta Peter Iacangelo. It was produced by: Lisa M. Hansen Harold Welb Paul Hertzberg who makes a small cameo in the film Catalaine Knell Guy J. Louthan co-star Leo Rossi and Harold Welb.
 Rock yo shizukani nagareyo (ロックよ、静かに流れよ) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Shunichi Nagasaki.
 Den store barnedåpen (English: The great christening) is a 1931 Norwegian comedy film directed by Tancred Ibsen starring Einar Sissener Aase Bye and Agnete Schibsted-Hansson. It was the first feature-length Norwegian sound film. The lacklustre Harald (Sissener) is taken in by Alvilde (Bye) and charged with looking after her bastard child. It soon dawns on both of them that Harald has more potential than previously assumed.
 Amour sexe et mobylette is a 2008 documentary film.
 Captain Scarlet vs the Mysterons is a 1980 television film based on the 1967 British Supermarionation television series Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons. It is a compilation film incorporating re-edited footage from the series episodes The Mysterons Winged Assassin Seek and Destroy and Attack on Cloudbase. A second compilation film Revenge of the Mysterons from Mars was completed in 1981.
 Wo Ai Ni Mommy (English: I Love You Mommy) is a 2010 American television documentary film directed by Stephanie Wang-Breal and distributed by P.O.V.. The documentary follows the story of a then 8-year-old Chinese girl Fang Sui Yong who was adopted by a Jewish Long Island family.
 Faeries is a 1999 British animated film directed by Gary Hurst and featuring the voices of Kate Winslet Dougray Scott and Jeremy Irons.
 Bartleby en coulisses is a documentary film shot in 2009 by the filmmaker Jérémie Carboni.
 The Fast Express is a 1924 drama film serial directed by and starring William Duncan. The film is considered to be lost though a fragmentary print exists.
 A Girl from Hunan (also known as Girl from Hunan) (Chinese: 湘女萧萧; pinyin: Xiāngnǔ xiāoxiāo) is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival and was one of the first mainland Chinese films to be commercially screened in the United States. The film is based on a 1929 short-story Xiao Xiao (or Hsiao Hsiao) by author Shen Congwen.
 Heart of a Lion (Finnish: Leijonasydän) is a 2013 Finnish drama film directed by Dome Karukoski. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film tells the story about a Neo-Nazi named Teppo who falls in love with a woman named Sari. He later finds out that Sari's son from the previous marriage is black. This leads Teppo to trouble with his fellow Neo-Nazis especially his half-brother Harri.
 Stick It is an American teen comedy-drama film starring Jeff Bridges Missy Peregrym and Vanessa Lengies. It was written and directed by Jessica Bendinger writer of Bring It On; the film marks her directorial debut. It was produced by Touchstone Pictures and was released in theatres on April 28 2006.
 Alice in Wonderland is a television film first broadcast in 1999 on NBC and then shown on British television on Channel 4.
 The Stolen Necklace is a 1933 British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Lester Matthews Joan Marion and Mickey Brantford.
 Natturajavu is a 2004 Malayalam superhit film directed by Shaji Kailas. It stars Mohanlal Meena Nayantara Kalabhavan Mani Cochin Haneefa K.P.A.C Lalitha and Siddique in supporting roles.
 Hay que casar a Ernesto is a 1941 Argentine film.
 On the Doll is a 2007 American drama film and the first feature written and directed by music video director Thomas Mignone.
 Two in the Dark is a 1936 mystery film starring Walter Abel Margot Grahame Wallace Ford Gail Patrick and Alan Hale. The movie about an amnesiac suspected of murder was directed by Benjamin Stoloff.In 1945 Stoloff produced a remake Two O'Clock Courage directed by Anthony Mann and starring Tom Conway and Ann Rutherford.
 Spicy Love Soup (Chinese: 爱情麻辣烫; pinyin: Aìqíng Má Là Tāng) is a 1997 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yang and written by Zhang Liu Fendou Cai Shangjun and Diao Yi'nan based on a story by Zhang and Peter Loehr. Spicy Love Soup was produced by Loehr's Imar Film Company primarily from Taiwanese sources with the auspices of the state-run Xi'an Film Studio.The film is Zhang's directorial debut and would prove to be a launching pad for those both in front and behind the cameras.
 The Zombinator (Dead Z in the UK) is a 2012 American horror film written and directed by Sergio Myers. It stars Patrick Kilpatrick and Joseph Aviel. Aviel plays a zombie hunter who tries to protect a group of college students from a mercenary (Kilpatrick) and the zombies that his employer has created.
 Dance Macabre is a 1992 horror film written and directed by Greydon Clark.
 The Suspended Step of the Stork (Greek: Το μετέωρο βήμα του πελαργού translit. To meteoro vima tou pelargou) is a 1991 Greek film directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Perfect Weapon is a 1991 action-martial arts film starring acting newcomer Jeff Speakman. Set in Los Angeles the film relates the story of a young man Jeff who is trained in the martial art of Kenpō and his fight against the Korean Mafia families.Speakman was a student of and was advised closely by Ed Parker in the making of this film.The film's taglines included No gun. No knife.
 The Marriage Ring is a 1918 silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
 Panchapandavar is an unreleased 1980 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by A. Nadarajan. This is one of the completed but unreleased films of Malayalam action star late Jayan
 Hours is a 2013 American thriller film directed and written by Eric Heisserer. The film stars Paul Walker Génesis Rodríguez TJ Hassan and Judd Lormand. The film premiered in America on March 10 2013 at the South by Southwest Film Festival. It went on general release on December 13 2013 by which time Walker had died.
 High Heels is a 1918 Australian short silent film directed by P.J. Ramster. It was his first film.It is considered a lost film.
 Hotel Rwanda is a 2004 American historical drama film directed by Terry George. It was adapted from a screenplay written by both George and Keir Pearson. Based on real life events in Rwanda during the spring of 1994 the film stars Don Cheadle as hotelier Paul Rusesabagina who attempts to rescue his fellow citizens from the ravages of the Rwandan Genocide. Sophie Okonedo and Nick Nolte also appear in principal roles.
 Critical Assembly is a 2003 television film directed by Eric Laneuville. It stars Katherine Heigl and Kerr Smith.
 The Infernal Power (German: Die höllische Macht) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Thea Kasten Emil Lind and Ossip Runitsch. The film is now a lost film and virtually nothing is known of its plot or genre.
 Carnival Story is a 1954 film directed by Kurt Neumann produced by Frank King and Maurice King starring Anne Baxter and Steve Cochran and released by RKO Radio Pictures.Sometimes this film is credited as a 3D feature although it wasn't filmed or exhibited in a three-dimensional process. This idea in many sources may be based on a wrong note from Variety in 1953.
 The Thorn Birds is a television mini-series broadcast on ABC between 27 and 30 March 1983. It starred Richard Chamberlain Rachel Ward Barbara Stanwyck Christopher Plummer Jean Simmons Richard Kiley Bryan Brown Mare Winningham and Philip Anglim. It was directed by Daryl Duke and based on a novel by Colleen McCullough.
 Mayavi is a 2007 Malayalam masala film directed by Shafi and written by the Rafi Mecartin duo starring Mammootty in the title role with Salim Kumar Manoj K Jayan Gopika Vijayaraghavan and Saikumar. It was the second highest grossing Malayalam film of 2007. The film was remade in Tamil titled Vallakottai starring Arjun which was directed by A. Venkatesh in 2010. Also the Tamil remade had dubbed into Hindi titled Main Hoon Akela : The One and Only.A Sequel for the movie is announced.
 Alice Cooper a Paris (more commonly known as Alice in Paris) is a French television special starring shock-rocker Alice Cooper.A series of music videos of songs from his then-current album Special Forces with a few songs from Flush the Fashion and some older hits mixed in several songs were re-recorded for the special (Only Women Bleed I'm Eighteen Billion Dollar Babies School's Out) and have shown up as B-sides of singles with crowd noises mixed in to give the illusion that they were live recordings. 
 99 is a Hindi film directed by Krishna DK and Raj Nidimoru starring Kunal Khemu Boman Irani Soha Ali Khan and Cyrus Broacha. The movie is set in the year 1999 with cricket controversies of that year as the backdrop. It was produced and distributed by People Pictures and was released on 15 May 2009.
 Comin' Round the Mountain is a 1936 Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and starring Gene Autry Ann Rutherford and Smiley Burnette. Based on a story by Oliver Drake the film is about a Pony Express rider who is robbed and left to die in the desert where he is saved by a wild horse he captures and later uses to round up other horses to be used in the race for a government contract.
 Taj Mahal is a 1963 film based on the historical legend of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan. As per the legend Shah Jahan created the Taj Mahal in fond remembrance and as a tomb for his beloved wife Mumtaz Mahal.It was a commercial and critical hit but is remembered most for its music.
 A Woman for a Season (Romanian: Răutăciosul adolescent) is a 1969 Romanian comedy film directed by Gheorghe Vitanidis. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where Irina Petrescu won the award for Best Actress. The film was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Striker (also known as Combat Force) is a 1987 Italian war-action film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. The film reprises the style of the Rambo movies.
 Ride the Hot Wind is a 1971 film. It was made by Ted Kelly who was a good friend of Audie Murphy.
 The Guv'nor (released in the U.S. as Mr. Hobo) is a 1935 British comedy film starring George Arliss as a tramp who rides a series of misunderstandings and becomes the president of a bank.
 Teacher's Pet is a 1958 American romantic comedy film starring Clark Gable and Doris Day. It was directed by George Seaton and co-starred Gig Young and Mamie Van Doren.
 The Amityville Horror is a 1979 American supernatural horror film directed by Stuart Rosenberg based on the Jay Anson's bestselling 1977 novel of the same name. It is the first film in the Amityville Horror franchise. A remake was produced in 2005.The story is based on the alleged real life experiences of the Lutz family who buy a new home on 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville New York a house where a mass murder had been committed the year before.
 Il gatto mammone is a 1975 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero.
 The Magician is a 1958 film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. Its original Swedish title is Ansiktet which means the face and it was released theatrically as The Face in the United Kingdom although video releases have used the U.S. title.The film stars Max von Sydow as a traveling magician named Albert Vogler.
 Mask is a 1985 American drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich starring Cher Sam Elliott and Eric Stoltz. Dennis Burkley and Laura Dern are featured in supporting roles. Cher received the 1985 Cannes Film Festival award for Best Actress.The film is based on the life and early death of Roy L. Rocky Dennis a boy who suffered from craniodiaphyseal dysplasia an extremely rare disorder known commonly as lionitis due to the disfiguring cranial enlargements that it causes.
 Black and White is a 1999 television film directed by Yuri Zeltser which stars Gina Gershon and Rory Cochrane.A rookie Los Angeles police officer Chris O'Brien (Cochrane) is partnered with a hard-edged officer Nora Hugosian (Gershon). They develop a relationship at the same time that Hugosian is suspected of being a serial killer that is roaming the city.
 Parie is a 2012 Kannada romance film starring Rakesh Adiga and Nivedhitha in the lead roles. The film is directed by Sudhir Attavar. Veer Samarth is the music director of the film. In total there are 7 producers for this movie which makes it special.The other highlight of the movie is Veterans M. S. Sathyu and Nimay Ghosh are roped in for art direction and cinematography respectively. The film made its theatrical release on 27 April 2012.
 Khuda Gawah (translation: God is witness) is a 1992 Bollywood epic Romance drama film directed by Mukul S. Anand and starring Amitabh Bachchan Sridevi (in a dual role) Akkineni Nagarjuna Shilpa Shirodkar and Danny Denzongpa.Khuda Gawah had lavish production values and was extensively shot in India Afghanistan Nepal and Bhutan. The film won much acclaim for all its actors and especially the lead pair Sridevi and Amitabh Bachchan. Both stars won Filmfare nominations for their work.
 Chhota Bheem & Krishna is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Chhota Bheem series and also the first Indian animated film where two major characters from two different series were featured. Running time - 68 mins.
 Thirty Days is a 1922 silent farce produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film is based on a play by Thirty Days by A. E. Thomas and Clayton Hamilton which did not make it to Broadway. The film was directed by James Cruze and stars idol Wallace Reid in his last screen performance. Reviews of the film claimed Reid looked tired and haggard throughout the production and garnered generally bad reviews. This is now considered a lost film.
 The Don Juans (Czech: Donšajni also known as Skirt Chasers) is a 2013 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. The film was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. Originally Agnieszka Holland's mini-series Burning Bush had been selected to represent the Czech Republic. However AMPAS disqualified the film citing regulations that the film must not have initially appeared on television.
 Night at the Museum is a 2006 American fantasy adventure-comedy film based on the 1993 children's book of the same name by Milan Trenc. It follows a divorced father trying to settle down impress his son and find his destiny.
 Memorial Day is a 2012 war film starring James Cromwell Jonathan Bennett and John Cromwell directed by Sam Fischer and written by Marc Conklin.
 Green Street 2: Stand Your Ground (also known as Green Street 2 and Green Street Hooligans 2: Stand Your Ground) is a sequel to the 2005 film Green Street directed by Lexi Alexander.
 Manik Jodi(1964) (Oriya: ମାଣିକ ଯୋଡ଼ି) is an Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee
 Tenchi Forever! known in Japan as Tenchi Muyo in Love 2 - Distant Memories (天地無用! in Love 2 - 遙かなる想い Tenchi Muyō! In Love 2 - Haruka naru omoi) is a 1999 Japanese anime film based upon the popular Tenchi Muyo! series and was directed by Hiroshi Negishi.
 Junior G-Men (1940) is a Universal film serial. It was Universal's 116th serial (and the 48th with sound) of their total of output of 137. It is one of the three serials starring The Dead End Kids and Little Tough Guys who were under contract to Universal at the time. The plot is a pre-World War II G-Man story about fifth columnists in the United States with the FBI joining forces with children to save the country.
 Kindred of the Dust (1922) is an American silent film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring his wife Miriam Cooper. The film was the last independent picture for Walsh's production company and the last film he and Cooper would make together. Today it is one of Walsh's earliest surviving features and is one of only two non-D. W. Griffith features of Cooper's that still is known to survive.
 Lunch Wagon (also known as Lunch Wagon Girls) is a 1981 sex comedy starring Pamela Jean Bryant Rosanne Katon and Candy Moore. The film was directed by Ernest Pintoff and written by Marshall Harvey and Terrie Frankel and Leon Phillips. Mayor Bradley declared Lunch Wagon Day for the opening and there was a parade of over 80 Lunch Wagons down Hollywood Boulevard. The film was very popular with teens and was the largest grossing independent movie of 1981.
 The Search for Bridey Murphy is a 1956 movie based on the best selling 1952 book about Bridey Murphy.
 Mickey's Explorers is a 1930 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 17 1930 by RKO.
 Minnamurra is a 1989 Australian film about a feisty woman who lives on a country property. It is also known as Outback.The plot appears to have been inspired by The Squatter's Daughter. David Stratton called it almost The Man from Snowy River III in terms of plot and character.
 Rikyu (利休 Rikyu 1989) is Hiroshi Teshigahara's film about the 16th century master of the Japanese tea ceremony Sen no Rikyū. The film focuses on the late stages of life of Rikyū during the highly turbulent Sengoku period of Feudal Japan. It starts near the end of Oda Nobunaga's reign with Rikyū serving as tea master to Nobunaga and continues into the Momoyama Period. Rikyū is portrayed as a man thoroughly dedicated to aesthetics and perfection especially in relation to the art of tea.
 Howling III (also known as Howling III: The Marsupials and Marsupials: The Howling III) is a 1987 Australian horror sequel to The Howling directed by Howling II: Your Sister Is a Werewolf director Philippe Mora and filmed on location in and outside Sydney Australia.
 Kool...Sakkath Hot Maga is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Golden Star Ganesh and Sana Khan in the lead roles . The film marks the directorial debut of Ganesh. His wife Shilpa Ganesh produces this movie under the home banner 'Golden Movies'. V. Harikrishna has composed the music and a long associate Ratnavelu works as the cameraman.
 Courage for Every Day (Czech: Každý den odvahu) is a 1964 Czechoslovak film directed by Evald Schorm.
 The Pirate's Gold is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Akash Kusum was a 1965 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen.
 The Wackiest Wagon Train in the West is a 1976 American Western comedy film directed by Jack Arnold. The film stars Bob Denver as Dusty the bumbling assistant to Wagonmaster Callahan featured in the syndicated series Dusty's Trail.The film itself consists of four episodes of Dusty's Trail edited together.
 Deadly Impact is a 2010 film directed by Robert Kurtzman.
 Italian Postcards (Italian: Cartoline italiane) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Memè Perlini. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Manushulanta Okkate is a 1976 Telugu Drama film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao starring Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao played dual role.The film narrates a story with morale of Universal Brotherhood and equality between the rich and poor.
 Sundown is a 1924 silent film Western drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures and starring Bessie Love. Frances Marion Marion Fairfax and Kenneth B. Clarke wrote the screenplay based on an original screen story by Earl Hudson. This film was the only production cinematographer David Thompson ever worked on. This film is lost.
 Nine Lives is a 2002 horror film starring Paris Hilton. The movie was shot in England and was low budget.
 Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen (Tamil: உன்னிடத்தில் என்னை கொடுத்தேன்; English: I gave myself to you) is a 1998 Tamil film directed by Vikraman starring Karthik and Roja in the lead roles with Ajith Kumar in a guest appearance. Ramesh Khanna Moulee and Madhan Bob played other supporting roles. The film released in August 1998 to a positive response from critics and immense box office success.
 The Last Outlaw is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by Arthur Rosson and starring Gary Cooper Jack Luden and Betty Jewel. Written by John Stone and J. Walter Rubin based on a story by Richard Allen Gates the film is about a frontiersman who falls in love with a pretty woman whose brother is accused of murder. He tries to prove the young man innocent of the charges but when he is appointed sheriff he is obliged to track down and arrest the boy.
 The Other Side is a comedy-drama film. The film is the directorial debut of writer David Michaels who co-wrote the script with Phil Reeves. The film stars Woody Harrelson Giovanni Ribisi Dave Matthews Anjelica Huston and Jason Lee.
 Kallazhagar is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Bharathi featuring Vijaykanth and Laila in the lead roles. Nassar Sonu Sood and Manivannan play other supporting roles while Deva composed the score and soundtrack for the film. The film released on 6 February 1999 to average reviews.
 Tamagotchi: The Movie (Japanese: えいがでとーじょー! たまごっち ドキドキ! うちゅーのまいごっち!? Eiga de Tōjō! Tamagotchi Dokidoki! Uchū no Maigotchi!?) literally Appearing on Film: Tamagotchi—Lost Child In Space!?) is the first Tamagotchi feature film. It was released in movie theaters by Toho on December 15 2007 and on DVD on July 23 2008 in Japan. The movie was released on June 1 2009 in English. It is followed by a sequel Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe!.
 Barefoot to Herat (Persian: پابرهنه تا هرات ‎ Pa Berahneh ta Herat) is a 2002 Iranian film by Majid Majidi. It is a documentary about the plight of Afghani refugees just after the 2001 military offensive against the Taliban.
 Red Skies of Montana is a 1952 adventure drama in which Richard Widmark stars as a smokejumper who attempts to save his crew while being overrun by a forest fire not only to preserve their lives but to redeem himself after being the only survivor of a previous disaster.The film was loosely based on the August 1949 Mann Gulch fire and filmed on location in Technicolor with the cooperation of the United States Forest Service.Bugle Mountain (also known as Bugle Peak) located in the Scapegoat Wilderness near Lincoln Montana gave its name to the fictional setting of the forest fire in the Selway National Forest shown during the first 30 minutes of the film.
 Outlaw of Gor is a 1989 American film directed by John Cardos. It is loosely based on the Gor novel series by John Norman but has strong plot differences from the original book Outlaw of Gor (first published 1967). It is the sequel to Gor and is also known as Gor II. It was parodied on the television show Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 Middle of the Night is a 1959 American drama film directed by Delbert Mann and released by Columbia Pictures. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. It stars Fredric March and Kim Novak. The screenplay was adapted by Paddy Chayefsky from his Broadway play of the same name.
 Abendland is a 2011 documentary film by Nikolaus Geyrhalter. The documentary which has only scenes at night explores European obsession with technology and security. It was released in Austria and Germany in 2011 and in the United States in 2012.
 Oor Magal Marikkumo is a Malayalam language film starring Kamal Haasan Sobha T. R. Omana and Vidhubala. It was directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan.
 Sozenji Baba (崇禅寺馬場 Sozenji Baba) is a 1928 black and white Japanese silent film directed by Masahiro Makino. It is an ambitious film in which Makino deals with the difficult issue of the agony of a person who killed for revenge.
 The Tall Guy is a 1989 romantic comedy and the feature film debut of screenwriter Richard Curtis and director Mel Smith. It was produced by London Weekend Television for theatrical release and stars Jeff Goldblum Emma Thompson and Rowan Atkinson. Curtis's script draws from his experiences as straight man to long-time collaborator Rowan Atkinson.
 Hanım is a 1989 Turkish drama film directed by Halit Refiğ.
 High Street (French: Rue Haute) is a 1976 Belgian drama film directed by André Ernotte. The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 49th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Moderns is a 1988 film by Alan Rudolph which takes place in 1926 Paris during the period of the Lost Generation and at the height of modernist literature.
 Scarface is a 1983 American crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Oliver Stone. A remake of the 1932 film of the same name Scarface tells the story of Cuban refugee Tony Montana (Al Pacino) who arrives in 1980s Miami with nothing and rises up to become a powerful drug kingpin.
 Swiss Family Robinson is a 1960 British-American feature film starring John Mills Dorothy McGuire James MacArthur and Janet Munro in a tale of a shipwrecked family building an island home loosely based on the 1812 novel Der Schweizerische Robinson (literally The Swiss Robinson) by Johann David Wyss. The film was directed by Ken Annakin and shot in Tobago and Pinewood Studios outside London.
 Fidibus is a Danish film by Hella Joof from 2006. First presented at the Roskilde Festival summer of 2006 but not in cinemas until 13. oct.
 Aido: Slave of Love is a 1969 Japanese film directed by Susumu Hani. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Big Clock is a 1948 film noir thriller directed by John Farrow and adapted by renowned novelist-screenwriter Jonathan Latimer from the novel of the same name by Kenneth Fearing.The black-and-white film is set in New York City and stars Ray Milland and Maureen O'Sullivan. Elsa Lanchester and Charles Laughton appear in the film as does Harry Morgan in an early film role as a hired thug. Noel Neill has an uncredited part as an elevator operator very early in the film.
 Agent Hamilton: But Not If It Concerns Your Daughter is a 2012 spy film directed by Tobias Falk. It is also known as Hamilton 2: Unless It's About Your Daughter. The original title is Hamilton 2: Men Inte Om Det Gäller Din Dotter. It is the second part of a trilogy.Mikael Persbrandt and Saba Mubarak reprise their roles as agent Carl Hamilton and agent Mouna al Fathar. The Australian Classification Board classified the film as M the highest unrestricted rating.
 Cannibalism: The Last Supper is a 2002 pornographic horror film written and directed by Lizzy Borden.
 Krudt og klunker is a 1958 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Hovmand and starring Gunnar Lauring.
 Champakulam Thachan is a 1992 Malayalam film. Directed by Kamal this film has Vineeth Murali Madhu Monisha and Rambha in leading roles. Written by Sreenivasan this film was well received at box office.
 Claudine's Return is a movie released in 1998 starring Christina Applegate. It was filmed almost entirely on the American island of Tybee Island Georgia with a few shots from the surrounding areas. It was released as Kiss of Fire on DVD.
 Alice in the Cities (German: Alice in den Städten) is a 1974 German road movie directed by Wim Wenders. This was the first part of Wenders' Road Movie Trilogy which included The Wrong Move (1975) and Kings of the Road (1976). The film is shot in black and white by Robby Müller with several long scenes without dialogue. The film's theme closely foreshadows Wenders' later film Paris Texas.
 Sentinels of Bronze (Italian:Sentinelle di bronzo) is a 1937 Italian war film directed by Romolo Marcellini and starring Fosco Giachetti Giovanni Grasso and Doris Duranti. The film is a propaganda work set in the days leading up to the outbreak of the Second Italo-Ethiopian War. In an incident modeled on the Wal Wal incident an Italian outpost is besieged by large numbers of Abyssinian troops but the garrison refuse to surrender.
 Out of the Body is a 1988 Australian thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith.
 New Dawn (French: Peau neuve) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Émilie Deleuze. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 3 Needles is a 2005 Canadian drama film directed by Thom Fitzgerald. The title refers to the three main characters who make a deal with the Devil in order to survive a global epidemic.
 Come on Danger is a 1942 Western film.It was a remake of a 1932 Tom Keene film.
 The Stork Caliph (Hungarian: A Gólyakalifa) is a 1917 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Gyula Bartos Oscar Beregi Sr. and Judit Bánky. It was the second film made by Korda for his newly established Corvin Film company. He pulled off what was considered a literary coup by persuading the author Mihály Babits to allow him to film a version of his 1916 novel of the same name.
 Breezy is a 1973 American romantic drama film starring William Holden and Kay Lenz. It was written by Jo Heims and was the third film directed by Clint Eastwood who can be briefly seen in an uncredited cameo leaning on a pier wearing a white jacket.[citation needed]
 Raja Rishii is a 1985 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Sankar starring Sivaji Ganesan his son Prabhu Ganesan M. N. Nambiar and Nalini in primary roles.
 Killer Meteors (Chinese: 風雨雙流星) (or The Killer Meteors Jackie Chan vs. Wang Yu) is a Kung Fu 1976 Hong Kong action film directed by Jimmy Wang Yu and Lo Wei. The movie is really not a Jackie Chan movie but it was marketed as one so more people would see it. Jackie plays the villain in this film similar to the movie Police Woman. Jackie plays Immortal Meteor who terrorizes a small town in Hong Kong.
 Senathipathi (English: Chief) is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by M. Rathnakumar an erstwhile assistant of Bharathi Raja and also wrote script for his films Karuthamma and Kizhakku Cheemayile. The film features Sathyaraj Soundarya and Sukanya in lead roles. The film produced by Malar Balu and K. Dhandapani had musical score by Deva and was released on 10 November 1996.
 The 5th Monkey (1990) is a drama film starring Ben Kingsley. The film was directed and written by Eric Rochat; based on the novel Le Cinquieme Singe by Jacques Zibi. The original music score was composed by Robert O. Ragland.
 Fireman Save My Child is a 1954 American comedy film starring Hugh O'Brian and Buddy Hackett in roles originally meant for Bud Abbott and Lou Costello a last-minute substitution when Costello fell ill. Comical musical band Spike Jones and His City Slickers also appear at great length with Jones garnering top billing and Abbott and Costello remain visible in some long shots. The movie was directed by Leslie Goodwins.
 Lost and Found on a South Sea Island is a 1923 drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Samuel Goldwyn. The movie was filmed on location in Tahiti and includes a nude scene involving a young woman bathing.One reel from this film survives according to a recent biography on director Raoul Walsh. Likewise a foreign archive Cineteca Del Friuli Germona claims is said to have a full print.
 The Barker is a 1928 part-talkie pre-code romantic drama film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Brothers. (First National had been acquired by Warner Brothers in September 1928.) The film was directed by George Fitzmaurice and stars Milton Sills Dorothy Mackaill Betty Compson and Douglas Fairbanks Jr..The film was adapted by Benjamin Glazer Joseph Jackson and Herman J. Mankiewicz from the play by Kenyon Nicholson.
 The French Lieutenant's Woman is a 1981 film directed by Karel Reisz and adapted by playwright Harold Pinter. It is based on the novel by John Fowles.
 Djinn is a 2013 supernatural thriller film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by David Tully. It is set in the United Arab Emirates and features the djinn. The film produced by Image Nation is in both Arabic and English languages. The film's theatrical release has been delayed since 2011. Djinn premiered at the Abu Dhabi Film Festival on October 25 2013.
 Calling All Curs is the 41st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges first released on August 25 1939. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Arn – The Kingdom at Road's End (Swedish: Arn – Riket vid vägens slut) is a 2008 epic film based on Jan Guillou's trilogy about the fictional Swedish Knights Templar Arn Magnusson. It is the sequel to the 2007 film Arn – The Knight Templar but both films were combined into a single cut for the English release on DVD in 2010.Filmed in Scotland Sweden Damascus Syria and Morocco.
 Betrayal (Norwegian: Løperjenten) is a 1981 Norwegian drama film directed by Vibeke Løkkeberg starring Løkkeberg and Helge Jordal.Betrayal is set in Bergen in the year 1948. The film's protagonist is the seven-year-old Kamilla (Løkkeberg) who grows up in a society under reconstruction and in a family in disintegration. Her parents are mostly concerned about money and about themselves but in her friend Svein (Jordal) Kamilla finds the love and solidarity that she is missing.
 I.N.R.I. is a 1923 German silent religious epic film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Gregori Chmara Henny Porten and Asta Nielsen. The film is a retelling of the events leading up to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. It was based on a 1905 novel by Peter Rosegger. It was also known by the alternative title Crown of Thorns. The film uses a framing device set in modern Russia. The film is generally conventional in its treatment of the story except for the character of Judas Iscariot.
 My Tutor Friend (Hangul: 동갑내기 과외하기; RR: Donggabnaegi gwaoehagi; lit. Tutoring a Student of the Same Age) is a 2003 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Kim Ha-neul and Kwon Sang-woo.
 Upside Down (French: Un monde à l'envers) is a 2012 Canadian-French romantic science fiction film written and directed by Juan Diego Solanas starring Jim Sturgess and Kirsten Dunst.
 Tsuribaka Nisshi 4 (釣りバカ日誌4 Tsuribaka Nisshi 4) is a 1991 Japanese film directed by Tomio Kuriyama. It was released on 23 December 1991. It is the fourth film in the Tsuribaka Nisshi series.
 Mitrudu (Telugu: మిత్రుడు) is a 2009 Telugu film directed by Mahadev. Nandamuri Balakrishna plays the lead role with Priyamani playing the female Lead. Ranganath Chandra Mohan Brahmanandam Dharmavarapu Subramanyam Deepak Ali Krishna Bhagavan Venu Madhav are doing supporting roles in this film. Music of the film is by Mani Sarma.
 The Best of Youth (Italian: La meglio gioventù) is a 2003 Italian film directed by Marco Tullio Giordana. Originally planned as a four-part mini-series it was presented at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Un Certain Regard award. It was then given a theatrical release in Italy in two three-hour parts in which 40 minutes were edited out. The complete version was aired in Italy from December 7 to 15 2003 on Rai Uno in four parts.In the U.
 Arriba el telón o el patio de la morocha (English language:Roughly Up the curtain of the Morocha Patio) is a 1951 Argentine musical drama film directed by Manuel Romero and written by Catulo Castillo and Mariano Mores.The film premiered in early 1951 in Buenos Aires. The film starred Virginia Luque.The film is a tango-based film which is an integral part of Argentine culture.
 Os Dias Com Ele (English: The days with him) is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Maria Clara Escobar about her father Carlos Henrique Escobar who is a philosopher teacher and playwright that has a history marked by repression suffered during the military dictatorship.
 Chandralekha (1995) is a Tamil film directed by Nambhiraaj. The daughter of Tamil veteran actor Vijayakumar Vanitha Vijayakumar played the love interest of Vijay. The film was among 1995 Deepavali releases.
 Mere Haule Dost is an upcoming 2013 Hindi film directed by Nitin Raghunath and produced by Pramida Posanipalli Rajiv Thakur and Nitin Raghunath. The film is set to be released on June 7 2013.The film features Anirudh Loka Raghuvardhan Garlapati Aadil Abedi Rishit Samala and Kiran Gadalay as main characters.
 Elang Darat ([eˈlaŋ daˈrat]; Indonesian for Land Hawk) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) which was directed by Inoe Perbatasari and produced by The Teng Chun for Jacatra Film. A detective film it follows a man who comes to a village to track the villainous bandit known only as Elang Darat.
 Showdown (also known as American Karate Tiger) is a 1993 action/martial arts film directed by Robert Radler. The film stars Billy Blanks Kenn Scott Christine Taylor and Brion James. The film is a recollection of the 1984 film The Karate Kid.
 Labyrinth of Horror (German: Labyrinth des Grauens) is a 1921 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Signal is an American independent science fiction horror film film written and directed by David Bruckner Dan Bush and Jacob Gentry. It is told in three parts in which all telecommunication devices broadcast only a mysterious signal turning people mad and often causing them to behave violently.The film's three interconnected chapters (transmissions) are presented in a nonlinear narrative.
 A Song About the Gray Pigeon (Slovak: Piesen o sivém holubovi) is a 1961 Czechoslovak film directed by Stanislav Barabáš. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Illegally Yours is a 1988 comedy film set in St. Augustine Florida where a series of comic mishaps take place involving a blackmailer a corpse an incriminating audiotape an innocent woman who accidentally picks up the tape and a pair of teenage blackmail victims. The film was directed by Peter Bogdanovich with Rob Lowe starring as Richard Dice the college dropout who came back home to get his act together.
 Fires Were Started (1943) is a British film written and directed by Humphrey Jennings filmed in documentary style showing the lives of firefighters through the Blitz in World War II. The film uses actual firemen (including Cyril Demarne) rather than professional actors.The film was also released under the title I Was a Fireman.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth (released in the UK as Journey to Middle Earth) is a 2008 direct-to-DVD film created by The Asylum and directed by David Jones and Scott Wheeler.The film is a loose adaptation of the original novel Journey to the Center of the Earth by Jules Verne but bears a close similarity to At the Earth's Core a similar novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
 Ek Nanhi Munni Ladki Thi is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Vishram Bedekar. The film stars Prithviraj Kapoor Mumtaz and Helen.
 Smother is a 2008 comedy film starring Diane Keaton as a mother who is over-attached to her adult son. The movie is directed by Vince Di Meglio.
 Nasty Love (Italian: L'amore molesto) is a 1995 Italian thriller film directed by Mario Martone. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name by Elena Ferrante. The film was shot mainly in Naples Italy.
 Aiyoku no ki (愛慾の記) is a 1930 Japanese silent film directed by Heinosuke Gosho and written by Akira Fushimi. The film starred Kinuyo Tanaka and Ichirô Yuki.
 Beck – I guds namn (Beck: In the name of God) is a 2007 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 Shelter is a 2007 American film directed and written by Jonah Markowitz. It stars Trevor Wright Brad Rowe and Tina Holmes. It was the winner of Outstanding Film – Limited Release at the 2009 GLAAD Media Awards Best New Director and Favorite Narrative Feature at the Seattle Lesbian & Gay Film Festival and the People's Choice Award for Best Feature at the Vancouver Queer Film Festival. Shelter represents the feature directorial debut of Markowitz.
 Deswa (English: Country) is an Indian Bhojpuri language film. The first film to be produced by actress Neetu Chandra and story/screenplay/direction by Nitin Chandra. The film is a social drama - crime thriller Bhojpuri genre.
 Hexed is a 1993 comedy film starring Arye Gross Claudia Christian Adrienne Shelly and R. Lee Ermey and written and directed by Alan Spencer best known as the creator of the satirical TV series Sledge Hammer! The dark humor centers on a nebbishy clerk who is seduced by a supermodel unaware that she's a psychotic murderess.
 Maattrraan (English: The Alternate) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film directed and co-written by K. V. Anand and produced by Kalpathi S. Aghoram. It stars Suriya who portrays conjoined twins along with Kajal Aggarwal in lead roles while Sachin Khedekar and Tara play supporting roles. Maattrraan released worldwide on 12 October 2012 along with a dubbed Telugu version titled Brothers receiving positive to mixed reviews from critics.
 Come Come Come Upward (아제 아제 바라 아제 - Aje Aje Bara Aje) is a 1989 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.
 Crazy is a 1999 documentary film by Heddy Honigmann on the traumatic effects of war on the soldiers of United Nations peacekeeping missions.The documentary shows Dutch soldiers that have served in UN missions in the former Yugoslavia Kosovo Lebanon Cambodia and Rwanda. The heroic duties contrast with the local horrors.
 Mabel Fatty and the Law is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand and directed by Fatty Arbuckle.The film is also known as Fatty Mabel and the Law (American alternative title) and Fatty's Spooning Days.
 Men Heroes and Gay Nazis (German: Männer Helden schwule Nazis) is a 2005 German documentary film directed written and produced by Rosa von Praunheim. The film focuses on gay men who align themselves with hard-core right wing views skinheads and Nazis.Rosa von Praunheim stated of the subjects featured in the documentary “Some may be shocked that I do not take a stand in my film and do not portray gay neo-Nazis as monsters but as people living their lives in dramatic contradiction.”
 APT (released as 9:56 in Singapore) is a 2006 South Korean horror film directed produced and written by Ahn Byeong-ki and starring Ko So-young. It is based on a comic by Kang Full. The name APT is from the English word meaning apartment. The film had 644893 admissions nationwide.
 Roningai (浪人街 第一話、第二話 Roningai Daiichiwa Dainiwa) also known as Samurai Town: Story 1 and Story 2 are respectively 1928 and 1929 black and white Japanese silent films directed by Masahiro Makino. Serving as parts of a 3-part series the first and second installments are representative films of Masahiro Makino the son of Shozo Makino (considered the 'father of Japanese film'). These films lent status to ensemble casts and did not rely on famous stars.
 For the British film of 2013 see Trap For Cinderella.A Trap for Cinderella (French: Piège pour Cendrillon) is a 1965 French-language film directed by André Cayatte. It is a film adaptation of Sébastien Japrisot's novel of the same name.
 Susan Slade is a 1961 American Technicolor drama film released by Warner Bros. The film was directed by Delmer Daves and stars Troy Donahue Connie Stevens. The screenplay was based upon the 1961 novel The Sin of Susan Slade (1961) by Doris Hume.
 Bushranger's Ransom or A Ride for Life is an Australian film directed by E.J. Cole. It is adapted from a stage play about a real-life raid by bushranger Ben Hall on the Keightley household near Bathurst in 1863. The play had been performed throughout Australia by Cole's Bohemian Dramatic Company. It is considered a lost film.
 One Foot in Hell is a 1960 Western DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope film starring Alan Ladd Don Murray and Dan O'Herlihy co-written by Aaron Spelling from a story by Spelling.
 Arvingen is a 1954 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Shake Rattle & Roll is a Philippine horror film released in 1984. It is the first installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll franchise followed by five sequels and seven sequels in comeback of 2005. Shake Rattle & Roll is distributed by Athena Productions. It is directed by Peque Gallaga & Lore Reyes. This film is an entry of the 1984 Metro Manila Film Festival which awarded Herbert Bautista for being the best actor.
 For other uses see The Last Days of Pompeii (disambiguation).Ultimi giorni di Pompeii Gli (English title: The Last Days of Pompeii) is an Italian black and white silent film released in 1913 (see 1913 in film).Based on Edward George Bulwer-Lytton's 1834 novel of the same name the film is set during the final days leading up to the Mount Vesuvius eruption in Pompeii in 79 AD.
 Rumble Fish is an American 1983 drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It is based on the novel Rumble Fish by S. E. Hinton who also co-wrote the screenplay.The film centers on the relationship between Motorcycle Boy (Mickey Rourke) a revered former gang leader wishing to live a more peaceful life and his younger brother Rusty James (Matt Dillon) an uncool teenaged hoodlum who aspires to become as feared as Motorcycle Boy.
 Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is a 2007 crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet his last feature film before his death in 2011.The film was written by Kelly Masterson and stars Philip Seymour Hoffman Ethan Hawke Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney. The title comes from the Irish saying: May you be in heaven a full half-hour before the devil knows you're dead.
 Beloved Imposter is a 1936 British musical film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring René Ray Fred Conyngham and Germaine Aussey. It was made at Welwyn Studios and released as a quota film by RKO Pictures. It was based on the novel Dancing Boy by Ethel Mannin.
 Dorangia Daku is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Harnam Singh Rawail.
 Il pranzo della domenica (Sunday Lunch) is a 2003 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina. For her performance Giovanna Ralli was nominated for Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actress while Rocco Papaleo and Maurizio Mattioli were both nominated for Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actor.
 The Dentist 2 (also known as The Dentist 2: Brace Yourself) is a 1998 American horror film and sequel to the 1996 film The Dentist. It was directed by Brian Yuzna. The film stars Corbin Bernsen Jillian McWhirter Jeff Doucette and Susanne Wright.
 Tales from Earthsea (ゲド戦記 Gedo Senki literally Ged's War Chronicles) is a 2006 Japanese animated fantasy film directed by Gorō Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli.The film is based on a combination of plots and characters from the first four books of Ursula K. Le Guin's Earthsea series: A Wizard of Earthsea The Tombs of Atuan The Farthest Shore and Tehanu; however the film's title is named from the collection of short stories Tales from Earthsea made in 2001.
 Sun (Italian:Sole) is a 1929 Italian silent drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Marcello Spada Vasco Creti and Dria Paola. The film was set around the planned draining of the Pontine Marshes by Benito Mussolini's Fascist government. It was shot partly on location which added a sense of realism. Mussolini was impressed by the result and described it as the dawn of the Fascist film.The film was destroyed during the Second World War and survives only in still photographs.
 Fanfan la Tulipe is a 1925 French swashbuckler film directed by René Leprince based on a screenplay by Pierre-Gilles Veber and starring Aimé Simon-Girard Simone Vaudry and Jacques Guilhène.
 Return from Hell (Romanian: Întoarcerea din iad) is a 1983 Romanian drama film directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma. The film was also selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Big Broadcast is a 1932 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby Stuart Erwin and Leila Hyams. Based on the play Wild Waves by William Ford Manley the film is about a radio-singer who becomes a popular hit with audiences but takes a casual approach to his career. A casual affair leads to his dismissal but his career is saved by the station manager who buys the station and gives him his job back.
 Noëlle is a 2007 drama film written produced and directed by David Wall who also stars as Father Jonathan Keene a Catholic priest who comes to a small American fishing village in the Christmas season to shut down a dying parish only to experience a personal transformation as he encounters the eccentric townspeople.Shot on location on Cape Cod Noëlle was originally produced under the title Mrs.
 Booked Out is a 2012 comedy-drama film starring Mirren Burke Rollo Weeks Claire Garvey and Sylvia Syms. This was the first film of writer and director Bryan O'Neil and premiered at the Prince Charles Cinema on March 6 2012 before going on a limited release across the United Kingdom.The film was mostly shot over 19 days in March 2010 with two days of reshoots in August that year. The total estimated budget was £600000.
 Tomorrow is a 1972 film directed by Joseph Anthony. The screenplay was written by Horton Foote adapted from a play he wrote which was based on a story by William Faulkner. The PG film was filmed in Alcorn County Mississippi and the Bounds and Oakland Community of Itawamba County Mississippi. Though released in 1972 it saw limited runs in the U.S.
 Tatanka is a 2011 Italian drama film written directed and starred by Giuseppe Gagliardi. It is based on the short story by Roberto Saviano Tatanka scatenato.The film marked the acting debut of the boxer Clemente Russo; after his participation in the film Russo who is a member of the Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Oro was suspended for a period of six months from the Polizia di Stato.
 Tales of Hoffman (German: Hoffmanns Erzählungen) is a 1916 silent German drama film directed by Richard Oswald. An incomplete print exists.
 The Girl from Capri (German: Das Mädel von Capri) is a 1924 German silent comedy film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara Ulrich Bettac and Robert Scholz. It premiered in Berlin on 10 July 1924.
 Mee Pok Man is a 1995 Singaporean film directed by Eric Khoo. The film is Eric Khoo's debut feature after making award-winning short films for years. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.The film is a black comedy starring Joe Ng as the male protagonist Johnny a Chinese seller of noodles (mee pok) and Michelle Goh as the prostitute Bunny.
 The Silver Horde is a 1930 romantic drama film starring Joel McCrea in his first leading role as a fisherman torn between two women played by Evelyn Brent and Jean Arthur. The title is a reference to salmon. It is the second film adaptation of the 1909 novel of the same name by Rex Beach which is a follow up to his earlier novel The Spoilers. The first filming of The Silver Horde was a silent also titled The Silver Horde released in 1920.
 Paris Not France is a 2008 documentary film following American heiress and entertainer Paris Hilton. The 68-minute introspective documentary chronicles Hilton during her much-publicized professional successes and personal struggles.
 The Smugglers' Banquet (French: Le Banquet des fraudeurs) is a 1952 Belgian crime film directed by Henri Storck. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kuruvi (English: Sparrow) is a 2008 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by Dharani. Produced by Udhayanidhi Stalinthe movie stars Vijay Trisha Krishnan and Suman in the lead roles. Vivek Ashish Vidyarthi Manivannan and Malavika played other roles in the movie. The film opened to Indian audiences after several delays on 3 May 2008 to positive reviews.The movie was dubbed into Telugu as Dopidi And Hindi As Jo Jeeta Wohi Baazigar.
 And I Love You So is a 2009 Philippine romantic fantasy drama film produced by Star Cinema starring Bea Alonzo Sam Milby and Derek Ramsay. This film reunites Alonzo and Milby; the previous being Close to You (2006). The film is directed by Laurenti Dyogi and celebrates the 16th year of Star Cinema films.
 Day of Anger (Italian: I giorni dell'ira) also known by its UK video title Gunlaw is a 1967 spaghetti western film directed by Tonino Valerii. The film stars Lee Van Cleef and Giuliano Gemma and features a musical score by Riz Ortolani. The film is based on the novel Der Tod Ritt Dienstags by Ron Barker.Day of Anger was Valerii's second film as well as his second spaghetti western following Per il gusto di uccidere (Taste for Killing 1966).
 Ferocious Bloodaxe is a comedy music project that began in 2006 when university students Adam Turner and Stephen Hendry developed a comedic double act of a band that had no music. Fellow class mate Lee Barrett was brought in as a backing singer. From then on he was referred to as L Bargie. Lee's younger brother Kyle was brought in to provide music which would never be used and was nicknamed K Bargie.
 When I Met U is a 2009 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Joel Lamangan. The screenplay by Aloy Adlawan was written for Jose Javier Reyes to direct Reyes later left after creative difference.
 La ragazza dal pigiama giallo (Italian for The Girl in the Yellow Pyjama) is a 1977 Italian giallo film directed by Flavio Mogherini distributed internationally as The Pyjama Girl Case.
 One Summer of Happiness (Swedish: Hon dansade en sommar - She danced for a summer) is a 1951 Swedish film by director Arne Mattsson based on the 1949 novel Sommardansen (The Summer Dance) by Per Olof Ekström. It was the first Swedish film to win the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival. It was also nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Five Senses of Eros (Hangul: 오감도; RR: Ogamdo) is a 2009 South Korean omnibus film with five short films depicting love and desire but in different styles and genres. The shorts are: His Concern directed by Daniel H.
 Agent trouble is a 1987 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky and starring Catherine Deneuve. It is based on the novel The Man Who Loved Zoos by Malcolm Bosse. The film won the César Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and was nominated for Best Actress Best Supporting Actor and Best Music.
 Hot Stuff is the 172nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Enigma is a 1983 British-American drama film directed by Jeannot Szwarc and starring Martin Sheen Sam Neill Brigitte Fossey and Kevin McNally. Based on Michael Barak's novel The Enigma the film centers around a CIA agent that tries to infiltrate Soviet intelligence in order to stop a murderous plot.
 Sahayathrikakku Snehapoorvam is a 2000 Malayalam language film directed by M. Shankar. It stars Kunchacko Boban and Kavya Madhavan.
 Merry Christmas Drake & Josh is a television movie based on the Nickelodeon sitcom Drake & Josh. Drake Bell Josh Peck Miranda Cosgrove Nancy Sullivan and Jonathan Goldstein reappear as their respective characters with several recurring characters from the TV series also reappearing.The film premiered on December 5 2008 as a Nickelodeon Original Movie.
 Out of Sight is a 1966 beach party film with elements of the spy spoof. It is the third and last of a series of films geared at teenagers by director Lennie Weinrib and producer Bart Patton for Universal Pictures.
 Troublesome Night 9 is a 2001 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Ivan Lai. It is the ninth of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Paid in Full is a 2002 American crime drama film that was produced by Roc-A-Fella Films and directed by Charles Stone III. It takes place in Harlem just before the Crack Epidemic that hit during the 1980s. The title of the film is taken from the 1987 album by Eric B. and Rakim.Paid in Full is based on three friends Alpo Martinez Rich Porter and Azie AZ Faison. Cam'ron plays as Rico Mekhi Phifer plays as Mitch and Ace is played by Wood Harris.
 Blowing Wild is a 1953 film starring Gary Cooper Barbara Stanwyck and Anthony Quinn in a love triangle set in Mexico's oilfields where bandits are also active. Ruth Roman also stars and adds to the romantic entanglements.Frankie Laine sang the title song Blowing Wild (The Ballad of Black Gold).
 Aaj Ki Awaaz (Hindi: आज की आवाज़ Urdu: آج کی آواز‎; English: Voice of the day) is a 1984 Bollywood film produced by B. R. Chopra and directed by Ravi Chopra. The film stars Raj Babbar Smita Patil Nana Patekar and Vijay Arora. The film's music is by Ravi.This film was remade as Naan Sigappu Manithan in Tamil in 1985. Originally the movie seems to have borrowed the plot from novel and Hollywood film Death Wish
 The Kid with a Bike (French: Le gamin au vélo) is a 2011 drama film written and directed by the Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne starring Thomas Doret and Cécile de France. Set in Seraing it tells the story of a 12-year-old boy who turns to a woman for comfort after his father has abandoned him.The film was produced through companies in Belgium France and Italy.
 Esta noche mejor no is a 1965 Argentine film.
 A Little Pond (Hangul: 작은 연못; RR: Jakeun yeonmot) is a 2009 South Korean feature film written and directed by Lee Saang-woo depicting the massacre of South Korean refugees by the U.S. military at No Gun Ri in late July 1950 early in the Korean War. The ensemble cast who donated their services includes some of South Korea's leading actors.
 The Death of Adolf Hitler was a 1973 British television film starring Frank Finlay as Adolf Hitler and Caroline Mortimer as Eva Braun. The film details the last 10 days of Hitler's life as World War II comes to an end and Allied troops are closing in on the Führerbunker. Michael Sheard (who played Himmler) and Tony Steedman (who played Gen. Jodl) would play the same roles in U.S. television film The Bunker in 1981.Finlay won a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his performance.
 Slade in Flame (also known as Flame) is a 1975 film starring the members of the band Slade. In 2007 BBC film critic Mark Kermode called it the Citizen Kane of rock musicals and included its soundtrack among the 50 greatest soundtracks in cinema's history.Record Mirror magazine voted the film at No. 4 on the top 10 best films in February 1976.A paperback book was released based on the film written by John Pidgeon.The film's book peaked at No.
 Kumpanía: Flamenco Los Angeles is a 2011 independent documentary film by director Katina Dunn. The film explores flamenco including its origins in the oppressed Gypsy community in 17th-century southern Spain and also the flamenco culture of contemporary Spain.The documentary focuses specifically on a group of flamenco dancers singers and guitarists in Los Angeles who are dedicated to preserving the art in its original form.
 Off the Map is a 2003 drama film directed by Campbell Scott. The play and screenplay were written by Joan Ackermann.An eccentric family lives in separate existence from the outside world. The family continues to thrive and survive self-sufficiently. Bo uses her imagination and creativity to explore her world while her mother Arlene holds the family together. Her father however has fallen into a deep depression.
 Raquel! was an April 26 1970 CBS television special starring Raquel Welch Tom Jones Bob Hope and John Wayne executive produced directed and choreographed by David Winters produced by Winters' company Winters-Rosen for CBS-TV originally co-sponsored by Coca-Cola and Motorola. On the day of the premiere the show received a 51% share on the National ARB Ratings and an impressive Overnight New York Nielsen Rating of 58% share.
 Secrets also known as Danielle Steel's Secrets is a 1992 American television film directed by Peter H. Hunt. The film is based upon the 1985 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel. The drama centers on a television producer and his relationship with the star of his latest TV series.
 Crimen sin olvido is a 1968 Argentine film.
 Chi Girl is a 1999 award-winning film[citation needed] produced directed written by and starring Heidi Van Lier. The film is in a mockumentary style in black-and-white film.Van Lier plays Heather a Chicago woman who thinks that she can sleep with any man simply because all men crave sex. A cameraman tapes her in her quest to get laid. While she's trying (unsuccessfully) to prove her theory about men she's also stalking her ex-boyfriend.
 Pirivom Santhippom (English: We'll Disunite We'll Reunite) is a 2008 Tamil film starring Cheran and Sneha in the lead roles and it is about the life of a young couple in a joint family with the Nattukottai Nagarathar Chettiar community located in Karaikudi TN. This was another grape wine for Sneha as this was completely a heroine centric film.
 Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and Produced by M. S. Reddy the film starred N. T. Rama Rao Jr. as Lord Rama. The film received the National Film Award for best children's film.
 Tell England is a 1931 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and Geoffrey Barkas and starring Fay Compton Tony Bruce and Carl Harbord. It is based on the novel Tell England by Ernest Raymond which featured two young men joining the army and taking part in the fighting at Gallipoli. Both directors had close memories of Gallipoli as did Fay Compton's brother Compton Mackenzie.
 April Snow is a 2005 South Korean romance film. Filming commenced on February 4 2005 under the director Hur Jin-ho. The film was released in September 2005. Despite not making a profit in its country of origin the film was a box-office success in several other Asian countries owing mostly to the international popularity of the lead actor Bae Yong-joon. Due to this the film has been used as an example of the Korean wave phenomenon.
 Cage is a 1989 American martial arts action film starring Reb Brown and Lou Ferrigno.
 Nocturna is a 2007 Spanish-French animated fantasy film directed by Adrià García and Víctor Maldonado. The film was produced by Filmax Animation.
 Dhandora is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It starred Noor Mohammad Charlie.
 Lehmann's Honeymoon (German: Lehmanns Brautfahrt) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Guido Herzfeld Christel Lorenz and Arnold Rieck. In order to persuade a daydreaming Professor of Greek History to marry his cousin his family dress themselves up as Ancient Greeks.
 The Alien Encounters is a 1979 science fiction film written and directed by James T. Flocker. It is an American B movie which follows the story of an investigator who is sent to locate an alien probe which has landed on Earth.
 It Couldn't Have Happened – But It Did is a 1936 American film directed by Phil Rosen. The film is also known as It Couldn't Have Happened (American review title).
 80 Minutes is a 2008 German direct-to-video English-language action thriller film starring Gabriel Mann Natalia Avelon Joshua Dallas Oliver Kieran-Jones and Francis Fulton-Smith with a script written and directed by Thomas Jahn. The film was released direct-to-video on September 2 2008 in the United States.
 In Ghost House Inn is a 2010 comedy horror Malayalam film written directed and co-produced by Lal and starring Mukesh Jagadish Siddique and Ashokan in the lead roles; the film is a sequel to the movies 2 Harihar Nagar (2009) and In Harihar Nagar (1990). It was produced by Lal and P. N. Venugopal under the banner of Lal Creations and PNV Associates. This movie too was a box office hit like it's prequels.
 Bahrain: Shouting in the Dark is a television documentary film produced by Qatar-based news channel Al Jazeera English about the Bahraini uprising (2011–present). The film was first aired on 4 August 2011 featuring footage recorded during protests and police crackdowns interviews with activists and physicians as well as footage aired by state-owned television.
 The Mad Mad Mad Comedians (1970) is an animated half-hour ABC television special produced by Rankin/Bass Animation best known for their stop-motion Christmas special Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. The show aired on April 7 1970 before the airing of that year's Oscars. It was a tribute to early vaudeville and featured animated reworkings of various famous comedians' acts.
 Jail is a 2009 Hindi movie directed by Madhur Bhandarkar and starring Neil Nitin Mukesh Arya Babbar Mugdha Godse and Manoj Bajpai.
 Ajoba (Marathi: आजोबा) is an upcoming 2013 Marathi film directed by Sujay Dahake and written by Gauri Bapat. Supposedly based on true events.Big Cat's Big Adventure. Malshej to Mumbai in 29 days: Ajoba the leopard's ambitious trek. Ajoba was rescued from a well and a tracking device was fixed on his neck before being released back into the wild. He turned out to be one adventurous cat as he made his way to Mumbai over the Sahyadris i.e. A cool 120 km.
 As Seen Through a Telescope (AKA: The Professor and His Field Glass) is a 1900 British short silent comedy film directed by George Albert Smith featuring an eldrly gentleman getting a glimpse of a woman's ankle through a telescope. The three-shot comedy according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline uses a similar technique to that which G.A.
 Stumped is a 2003 Bollywood sport/drama film written and directed by Gaurav Pandey and produced by Raveena Tandon. This film is a debut for Raveena as producer.[citation needed] Sachin Tendulkar had a cameo appearance in the film.Despite a notable promotional campaign the film had little impact after its release.
 The Gamblers (German: Die Spieler) is a 2007 German no budget film and the film with the lowest budget (budget: 2000 €/ shooting time: 10 days) that was ever in the competition of an A Film Festival.The film is based on but not always loyal to the novel The Gambler by Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky although the film follows more a love story plot than a gambling addiction plot.
 Barbarian also known as Kane the Barbarian is an American sword and sorcery action direct-to-video film released in 2003. It can almost be considered a remake from the 1983 film Deathstalker. It stars the American bodybuilder wrestler and actor Michael O'Hearn and Martin Kove and also R&B singer Cassie Ventura had a bit part in the film.
 Wild Things: Foursome is the fourth film in the Wild Things series. The film was released as a direct-to-DVD video on June 1 2010.
 Anima nera (Black Soul) is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini. It is based on the stage play with the same name written by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi.
 The Moment Before is a 1916 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick. It was produced by Famous Players Film Company and directed by Robert G. Vignola. The film is based on the play The Moment of Death by Israel Zangwill.A 35mm nitrate copy of the film is housed at the Cineteca Nazionale film archive in Rome. The print is missing one sequence described as the opening scene before the flashback.
 Daivathinte Makan is a Malayalam language Action Comedy film. It was released in 2000.
 The Masquerader is a 1914 film written and directed by Charles Chaplin and starring Chaplin and Roscoe Arbuckle. Its running time is 9 minutes. It is the tenth film directed and the second written by Chaplin.
 Anveshane (Kannada: ಅನ್ವೇಷಣೆ; English: Search) is a 1983 Kannada movie directed and co-written by T.S. Nagabharana released in 1983. It starred Girish Karnad Ananth Nag and Smita Patil playing the pivotal roles.
 The Iron Wall is a 2006 documentary film about the establishment of Israeli settlements in the West Bank which the film argues is a strategy for permanent occupation of the territory.
 Bhagini Nivedita is a 1962 Bengali film directed by Bijoy Basu. The film was based on the life of Sister Nivedita. The film won National film award in best films category and presidential medal.
 Rencontres (English title: Meetings) is a 1962 French language motion picture drama directed by Philippe Agostini who co-wrote screenplay with Odette Joyeux and Bertram L. Lonsdale.
 Party Husband is a 1931 Pre-code comedy film produced by First National Pictures and released through their parent Warner Brothers. Clarence G. Badger and starred Dorothy Mackaill. It is preserved at the Library of Congress. The film is offered on DVD as a double feature from Warner Archives along with another Dorothy Mackaill Pre-code feature Office Wife.
 One for the Road is a 2003 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Chris Cooke.
 The New Dress is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 Chithiram Pesuthadi (English: The Picture Speaks Dear) is a 2006 Indian Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Mysskin. The film stars Narain and Bhavana both making their debuts in Tamil cinema. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Sundar C Babu. Produced by Dreambridge Productions on a budget of 1.25 crores the film faced publicity issues but later aascar took the film and re released it and was a massive hit of that year.
 Empty Saddles is a 1936 American film directed by Lesley Selander. It is a Buck Jones B Western.
 Old Scores is a 1991 film jointly produced by New Zealand and Wales based around the two countries' mutual national sport of rugby union. It is notable for the appearance of a large number of legendary Welsh and New Zealand international rugby players in supporting roles. Old Scores was primarily intended as theatrical release in New Zealand but was shown a television movie in Wales.Old Scores was directed by Alan Clayton and the screenplay was by New Zealanders Dean Parker and Greg McGee.
 La Baie des Anges (Bay of Angels in English) is a 1963 French film directed by Jacques Demy. La Baie des Anges starring Jeanne Moreau and Claude Mann is Demy's second film and deals with the subject of gambling.
 The Delhi Way is a 1964 documentary about Delhi produced written photographed and directed by James Ivory. It is narrated by Leo Genn.
 My Dear Karadi (English: My Dear Bear) is a 1999 Malayalam comedy drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan with Kalabhavan Mani in the lead role. Kalabhavan Mani appears as a bear in major parts of the film.The heroine role was played by dancer and choreographer Madhavi Chandran who is the niece of producer Vinu Kiriyeth.
 Hood of Horror (aka Snoop Dogg's Hood of Horror) is a horror film adaptation of a fictional comic book which is an anthology of three short tales set in an urban milieu in a style reminiscent of Tales From The Crypt and Tales from the Hood. The movie debuted at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. The American premiere was on October 18 2006 at Mann's Hollywood and Highland in Los Angeles. It was also the secret ninth film screened in the 8 Films to Die For film festival on November 19 2006.
 Quo Vadis is a 2001 Polish film directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz based on the book of the same title by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It was Poland's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not nominated.
 The Invisible Life (Portuguese: A Vida Invisível) is a Portuguese feature length drama film directed by Vítor Gonçalves and produced by the Portuguese production company Rosa Filmes.The film's world premiere is due to happen at the international competition of the 2013 Rome Film Festival.
 Pittsburgh is a 2006 mockumentary comedy film that follows American actor Jeff Goldblum as he attempts to secure a green card for his Canadian actor/singer/dancer girlfriend Catherine Wreford by appearing with her as the leads in a summer regional theatre production of The Music Man in Goldblum's hometown of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The film features numerous other famous personalities portraying themselves including Ed Begley Jr.
 Challenge of a Lifetime is a 1985 television film directed by Russ Mayberry. Starring Penny Marshall and Jonathan Silverman the film focuses on a 35-year-old woman entering a Triathlon.
 Allari Pidugu (Telugu: అల్లరి పిడుగు) is a Tollywood film which released on 5 October 2005 and was directed by Jayant Paranjee. Balakrishna plays a dual role and Katrina Kaif and Charmi play the heroines.The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.
 A Thunder of Drums is a 1961 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman starring Richard Boone George Hamilton and Luana Patten.
 Hell's Cargo is a 1939 British adventure film directed by Harold Huth and starring Walter Rilla Kim Peacock and Robert Newton.
 Life as a House is a 2001 American drama film produced and directed by Irwin Winkler. The screenplay by Mark Andrus focuses on a man who is anxious to repair his relationship with his ex-wife and teenaged son after he is diagnosed with terminal cancer.
 The Cremators is a 1972 science fiction horror film. It was one of the first movies from special effects expert Doug Berwick.
 Kamen Rider World (仮面ライダーワールド Kamen Raidā Wārudo) is a short 3-D film produced by Toei Company based on the Kamen Rider Series that premiered on August 6 1994 and was shown in amusement parks and special events nationwide in Japan.
 A Children’s Story (Italian: Certi bambini) also known as Certain Children in Australia was directed by Andrea and Antonio Frazzi in 2004 and is an Italian film which focuses on the life of an eleven-year-old boy growing up in an environment of poverty and criminality in Naples. This was the second film to be made by the Frazzi twins Il cielo cade (starring Isabella Rossellini and Jeroen Krabbé) having been released in the year 2000.
 Los tres mosqueteros (Spanish: The Three Musketeers) was a 1942 Mexican film.
 Jai Bolo Telangana is a 2011 Telugu historical drama film based on the Telangana Movement. It was directed by N.Shankar and the lead character was played by Jagapathi Babu. The film has won five Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards including the Sarojini Devi Award for a Film on National Integration and was screened at the 6th South Asian Film Festival held in Goa during September 2011.
 Rapado is an Argentine and Dutch 1992 film written and directed by Martín Rejtman his first feature film.
 Mannadhi Mannan (Tamil: மன்னாதி மன்னன்) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran Anjali Devi and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in 1960.
 The Cry of the Owl is a 2009 thriller film based on Patricia Highsmith's book of the same name. The British-Canadian-French-German co-production was directed by Jamie Thraves and stars Paddy Considine Julia Stiles and Karl Pruner.
 Arena is an American science fiction film directed by Peter Manoogian and starring Paul Satterfield and Claudia Christian. Set in 4038 Satterfield plays Steve Armstrong the first human in 50 years to compete in the intergalactic boxing sport called simply The Arena. 'The film was produced by Charles Band and features original music by Richard Band.
 How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated action fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox loosely based on the book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. It is the sequel to the 2010 computer-animated film How to Train Your Dragon and the second in the trilogy.
 The Beautiful City (Persian: شهر زیبا‎) is a 2004 Iranian film directed by Asghar Farhadi.
 The Rat Race is a 1960 American drama film directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds as struggling young entertainment professionals in New York City. Filming took place in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Wer is a 2013 American found footage horror film directed by William Brent Bell. The film stars A.J. Cook as a defense attorney that discovers that her client might be a werewolf. An American release date for the film has not yet been stated but has been estimated for a potential 2014 release.
 Manta Manta is a 1991 German language action comedy film directed by Wolfgang Büld. The film features Til Schweiger Tina Ruland Stefan Gebelhoff Lena Sabine Berg and Michael Kessler in the lead roles. It was released in Germany on October 3 1991 and in Hungary on April 17 1992. The English title of the film was Racin' in the Street.
 White Shoulders is a lost 1931 Pre-code drama film produced and distributed by RKO Pictures. Melville W. Brown directed and Mary Astor and Jack Holt starred.
 Barbie: A Fashion Fairy Tale is a computer animated direct-to-video movie and part of the Barbie film series. It was released on September 14 2010. This is the second Barbie film in which Kelly Sheridan does not voice Barbie; instead Diana Kaarina takes her role.
 That Summer of White Roses (Croatian: Đavolji raj - ono ljeto bijelih ruža) is a 1989 Yugoslav-British film directed by Rajko Grlić.
 Ankara Ekspresi (English title: Ankara Express) is a 1970 Turkish film directed by Muzaffer Arslan adapted from the book of the same name by Esat Mahmut Karakurt. It stars Ediz Hun and Filiz Akın.The film won five Golden Orange awards: best film best director (Muzaffer Aslan) best actress (Filiz Akın) best screenplay (Bülent Oran) and best cinematography (Cengiz Tacer)
 Keiko: The Untold story is a 2010 documentary film about Keiko the Orca best known for starring in the film Free Willy and its two sequels. It was directed and produced by Theresa Demarest.
 Rabies is a 1958 Swedish television drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman.
 Houseful is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay. In this film Prosenjit Chatterjee acted as a movie director who creates artistic films but these movies flop and even not be selected for any award. After several tries and losing his own funds he is forced to move in commercial Bengali films. In this film Sreelekha Mitra is seen on a guest appearance.
 De pecado en pecado (From Sin to Sin) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Sinners in Paradise is a 1938 American film directed by James Whale. In 1966 the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 Female Trouble is a 1974 dark comedy film co-composed filmed co-edited written produced and directed by John Waters starring Divine David Lochary Mary Vivian Pearce Mink Stole Edith Massey Michael Potter Cookie Mueller and Susan Walsh.The film is dedicated to Manson Family member Charles Tex Watson. Waters' prison visits to Watson inspired the crime is beauty theme of the film and in the film's opening credits Waters includes a wooden toy helicopter that Watson made for him.
 37 Days is a British documentary drama miniseries that was first broadcast on BBC Two from 6 to 8 March 2014. The three-part miniseries covers the weeks before World War I from the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria on 28 June 1914 to the United Kingdom declaring war on Germany on 4 August 1914.
 The Scooby-Doo film series consists of live action comedy films based on the Hanna Barbera animated cartoon series of the same name. The character Scooby-Doo has also appeared in multiple animated direct-to-video films since 1998. Toward the end of the 1990s Warner Bros. and producer Charles Roven began producing a series of feature live action films starring Scooby-Doo beginning with the 2002 film Scooby-Doo directed by Raja Gosnell.
 Keda Reda is an Egyptian romantic comedy film starring Ahmed Helmi. It has a very simple story about 3 identical triplets. For the first time in the Middle East cinema it has 7 minutes of CGI and Visual Effects by DoLeeP Studios.Keda Reda stars comedian Ahmed Helmi as Semsem (an introvert) Bibo (a soccer fan) and Prince (a 1900s clothes and action fan).
 Premer Taj Mahal also (Bengali: প্রেমের তাজ মহল meaning of English: Taj Mahal of Love) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Released was January 2002 all over Bangladesh. Directed by Gazi Mahbub written by Gazi Jahangir. Produced by Mohammad Jashim Uddin and distributed by Riya Kothachitra. The film fully family drama with hard love story baesd. Stars Riaz Shabnur Wasimul Bari Rajib Abul Hayat Misha Sawdagar Anowar Hossain Rawshan Zamil Rasheda Chowdhury Afzal Sharif and many more.
 The Sea (Spanish: El mar) is a 2000 Spanish film directed by Agustí Villaronga starring Roger Casamayor. It is based on a novel by Blai Bonet. The plot set in Mallorca follows the fates of three childhood friends traumatized by the violence they witnessed during the Spanish Civil War. Ten years later they are reunited as young adults in a sanatorium for TB patients. The film won the Manfred Salzgeber Award at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 For the 1989 film of the same name starring Hulk Hogan see No Holds Barred (1989 film).No Holds Barred is a 1952 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on November 23 1952 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-eighth film in the series.
 Six Reasons Why is a 2008 film directed by The Campagna Brothers. It stars Daniel Wooster as the Nomad a vigilante sent into the badlands by a preacher (Colm Feore). He wanders the Badlands with his horse killing every stranger he meets.
 Let's Go Crazy is a 1951 comedy film marking an early appearance of Spike Milligan and Peter Sellers playing multiple roles.
 Desperate Trails is a 1921 American western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Gas Pump Girls is a 1979 American comedy. Directed by Joel Bender it stars Kirsten Baker as June. Following their high school graduation she and her friends take over the operation of June's uncle's gasoline station which faces stiff competition from the new bigger more modern station that has recently opened across the street.
 Pizza is a 2005 coming-of-age independent film written and directed by Mark Christopher filmed in and around Milford Pennsylvania in 2003. It was screened at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 27 2005 and had a limited release on January 20 2006. The region 1 DVD was released on October 24 2006.
 Rosemary's Baby is a 1968 American psychological horror film written and directed by Roman Polanski based on the bestselling 1967 novel Rosemary's Baby by Ira Levin. The cast includes Mia Farrow John Cassavetes Ruth Gordon Ralph Bellamy Maurice Evans Sidney Blackmer and Charles Grodin (in his first film appearance).
 Custer's Last Stand is a 1936 American film serial based on the historical Custer's Last Stand at the Little Bighorn River. It was produced by the Poverty Row studio Stage & Screen Productions which went bust shortly afterwards as a victim of the Great Depression. This serial stars many famous and popular B-Western actors as well as silent serial star Helen Gibson.In April of the same year the serial was edited into an 84-minute feature film which was released under the same name.
 Monsieur Leguignon lampiste English: Mr. Leguignon Lampiste is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Maurice Labro written by Claude Boissol starring Yves Deniaud and Louis de Funès.
 Gothicmade (GOTHICMADE ゴティックメード-花の詩女-) is a Japanese sci-fi/mecha anime film directed by Mamoru Nagano.The film debut in Japan on November 1 2012.
 The Lady Says No is a 1952 American film directed by Frank Ross with sequences filmed at Fort Ord Pebble Beach and Carmel California.
 Keith Lemon: The Film is a 2012 British comedy film written and directed by Paul Angunawela and co-written by and starring Leigh Francis as television personality Keith Lemon. The film also stars Verne Troyer as his guardian angel Archimedes Kevin Bishop as his best friend Dougie Laura Aikman as Keith's girlfriend Rosie and Kelly Brook as Herself.
 Madeline: Lost in Paris (also known as Madeline: the movie) is a direct-to-video animated Madeline film produced by DIC Entertainment it was released on August 3 1999. It was released to VHS by Buena Vista Home Video. In 2009 the film was released on iTunes for the film's 10th anniversary.
 Dangerous Parking is a 2007 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Stuart Browne.
 Ułani ułani chłopcy malowani (English: Uhlans Ulhans the Painted Boys) is a 1932 Polish military comedy film directed by Mieczysław Krawicz and produced by the Blok-Muzafilm studio with the participation of the 1st Light Cavalry Regiment. The film has been taken down by state cencorship in 1938 allegedly for ridiculing the Polish Armed Forces.
 Asesinos S.A. (English: Murderers Inc.) is a 1957 Mexican comedy film directed by Adolfo Fernández Bustamante and starring Adalberto Martínez and Kitty de Hoyos with Wolf Ruvinskis Luis Aldás Sara Guasch and Guillermo Orea.
 Cats' Play (Hungarian: Macskajáték) is a 1972 Hungarian drama film directed by Károly Makk. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel by István Örkény.
 The Village Squire is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Reginald Denham and starring David Horne Leslie Perrins Moira Lynd and Vivien Leigh. It was based on a play by Arthur Jarvis Black. A village's amateur production of MacBeth is aided by the arrival of a Hollywood star.
 5 marines per 100 ragazze is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Virna Lisi.
 The Great Gay Road is a 1931 British drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Stewart Rome Frank Stanmore and Kate Cutler.It was adapted from the 1910 novel The Great Gay Road by Tom Gallon which had previously been made in a silent film The Great Gay Road in 1920. Location filming was done around Tunbridge Wells.
 Hari sa hari lahi sa lahi is a 1987 Filipino-Chinese film directed by Lili Chou and Eddie Romero and starred Vic Vargas and Gang Wang.
 40 qm Deutschland (English: 40 Square Meters of Germany) is a 1986 German film directed by Tevfik Başer who helped both with the script and the production. The film won several awards making it one of the most significant German movies of 1986.
 The Last Stand is a 2013 American action film directed by South Korean film director Kim Jee-woon in his American directorial debut. The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger Forest Whitaker Johnny Knoxville and Rodrigo Santoro. This was Arnold Schwarzenegger's first lead acting role since 2003's Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines. The film was released in the United States on January 18 2013.
 Nucingen House (French: La maison Nucingen) is a 2008 film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 The Valley of Gwangi is a 1969 American western-fantasy film directed by Jim O'Connolly and written by William Bast. It stars James Franciscus and in their final film appearances Richard Carlson and Gila Golan. It was filmed in Technicolor with creature effects provided by Ray Harryhausen the last dinosaur-themed film to be animated by him.
 Plymouth Adventure is a 1952 drama film with an ensemble cast starring Spencer Tracy Gene Tierney Van Johnson and Leo Genn made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Clarence Brown and produced by Dore Schary. The screenplay was adapted by Helen Deutsch from the novel The Plymouth Adventure by Ernest Gébler. The supporting cast includes Barry Jones Dawn Addams Lloyd Bridges and John Dehner.The film is notable as being the last film directed by veteran director Clarence Brown.
 Kelviyum Naane Pathilum Naane is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by N. Murugesh starring Karthik and Aruna Mucherla in lead roles. The film produced by R. Radha and M. S. Akbar had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 7 May 1982.
 Helen of Troy is a 2003 television miniseries based upon Homer's story of the Trojan War as recounted in the epic poem Iliad. This TV miniseries also shares the name with a 1956 movie starring Stanley Baker. It stars Sienna Guillory as Helen Matthew Marsden as Paris Rufus Sewell as Agamemnon James Callis as Menelaus John Rhys-Davies as Priam Maryam d'Abo as Hecuba and Stellan Skarsgård as Theseus. The series was entirely shot on location in the islands of Malta.
 Real Women Have Curves is a 2002 American movie starring America Ferrera. Directed by Patricia Cardoso and produced by George LaVoo from a screenplay by LaVoo and Josefina Lopez (based on Lopez's play) it debuted at the Sundance Film Festival where it won the Audience Award in addition to Special Jury Prizes for both Ferrera and Lupe Ontiveros.
 Fireball (Thai: ท้าชน pronounced Tar Chon) is a 2009 Thai martial arts action film. The film directed by Thanakorn Pongsuwan combines Muay Thai and basketball.
 Blade in Hong Kong is a 1985 American TV film. It stars Leslie Nielsen.
 Cuando en el cielo pasen lista is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.
 Mon premier amour is a 1978 French film.
 If Lucy Fell is a 1996 romantic comedy starring Sarah Jessica Parker Eric Schaeffer (who also wrote and directed) and Ben Stiller. It was released on DVD January 30 2001.A young Scarlett Johansson plays a neighbor / art student of the main couple.
 Claudia and David is a 1946 film directed by Walter Lang. It stars Dorothy McGuire and Robert Young. Dorothy McGuire and Robert Young repeat their roles from the film Claudia (1943) Like its predecessor Claudia and David was based on a series of short stories by Rose Franken which also inspired a successful stage play and radio series.
 Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens. It was released on November 15 2011 on DVD and Blu-ray along with another original animated short film Book of Dragons.Based on How to Train Your Dragon the short takes place in the middle of preparing for the Viking winter holiday. After all dragons inexplicably fly away with the last one of them unwittingly kidnapping Hiccup.
 Guyver: Dark Hero (also known as The Guyver 2) is a 1994 American Science fiction Tokusatsu Action film based on the Manga and Anime Bio Booster Armor Guyver. It is a sequel to the 1991 film The Guyver. Written by Nathan Long and directed by Steve Wang the film stars David Hayter as Sean Barker/The Guyver replacing Jack Armstrong in the role. Compared to the previous film Guyver: Dark Hero was much closer to the source material more serious and violent.
 The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Coppola. It completes the story of Michael Corleone a Mafia kingpin who tries to legitimize his criminal empire. The film also weaves into its plot a fictionalized account of two real-life events: the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981–1982; both are linked with the affairs of Michael Corleone.
 Beowulf is a 2007 American motion capture computer-animated fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary inspired by the Old English epic poem of the same name. The film was created through a motion capture process similar to the technique Zemeckis used in The Polar Express. The cast includes Ray Winstone Anthony Hopkins Robin Wright Penn Brendan Gleeson John Malkovich Crispin Glover Alison Lohman and Angelina Jolie.
 The Charge of the Light Brigade is a 1936 American historical adventure film made by Warner Bros. It was directed by Michael Curtiz and produced by Samuel Bischoff with Hal B. Wallis as executive producer from a screenplay by Michael Jacoby and Rowland Leigh from a story by Michael Jacoby based on the poem The Charge of the Light Brigade by Alfred Lord Tennyson. The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography by Sol Polito.
 My Apocalypse (originally titled Quality Time) is a 2008 independent film starring Corin Nemec Bruce Weitz Nancy Allen John de Lancie Gail Strickland Meredith Salenger and Jesse Harper.Directed and produced by Chris LaMont the screenplay was written by LaMont Craig Belanger and Jay Holben.Although My Apocalypse was filmed in 1997 it was not released until 2008 which was due to the amount of funding that LaMont had available to him as an independent filmmaker.
 Once Upon a Time in Anatolia (Turkish: Bir Zamanlar Anadolu’da) is a 2011 Turkish drama film co-written and directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan based on the true experience of one of the film's writers telling the story of a group of men who search for a dead body on the Anatolian steppe. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on September 23 2011 (2011-09-23) premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival where it was a co-winner of the Grand Prix.
 Wardat is a Hindi film made in 1981. The film is the sequel to Surakshaa. A genre of James Bond spy thriller (Gunmaster G9 being the code for the hero). Large locusts attack the farmers and farmlands resulting in hefty damages.
 VARTAMAAN (Hindi :) is an upcoming Hindi film set in India.
 Black Tight Killers (俺にさわると危ないぜ Ore ni Sawaru to Abunaize) also known as If You Touch Me Danger is a 1966 Japanese film directed by Yasuharu Hasebe and based on the novel 三重露出 by Michio Tsuzuki.
 Sasquatch: Legend Meets Science is a 2003 documentary television film which originally aired on the Discovery Channel on January 9 2003. The program features scientists from various disciplines analyzing the most compelling evidence for the existence of Bigfoot including the Skookum cast and the Patterson-Gimlin film.The documentary has since been released on DVD and VHS. A companion book to the documentary written by anthropologist Jeffrey Meldrum was published in 2006 (ISBN 0-7653-1216-6).
 The Honourable Wally Norman is a 2003 Australian comedy film directed by Ted Emery. It stars Kevin Harrington Shaun Micallef and Greig Pickhaver.It was filmed primarily in South Australia and was nominated for two AFI awards.
 Ashanti (aka Ashanti Land of No Mercy) is a 1979 action adventure film produced by Georges-Alain Vuille and directed by Richard Fleischer. Despite its impressive cast and setting (on location in the Sahara and in Kenya Israel and Sicily) it was widely panned by critics upon release.
 New in Town is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Jonas Elmer starring Renée Zellweger and Harry Connick Jr. It was filmed in Winnipeg and Selkirk Manitoba Canada and in Los Angeles and South Beach Miami Florida US. The making of... feature on the DVD documents that the cast and crew survived bitterly cold temperatures of below −50 °F (−46 °C) in Manitoba which sometimes resulted in malfunctions of cameras and other equipment.
 Alice in Wonderland is a 1933 film version of the famous Alice novels of Lewis Carroll. The film was produced by Paramount Pictures featuring an all-star cast. It is all live-action except for the Walrus and The Carpenter sequence which was animated by Leon Schlesinger Productions.Stars featured in the film included W. C.
 Percy Jackson & the Olympians (also known as Percy Jackson) is an American feature film series based on the novel series of the same name by the author Rick Riordan. The series is distributed by 20th Century Fox produced by 1492 Pictures and currently consists of two installments. The first film Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (2010) was directed by Chris Columbus and was released on February 12 2010.
 Lifeguard is a 1976 drama movie made by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Daniel Petrie based upon a screenplay by Ron Koslow. It stars Sam Elliott Anne Archer Steve Burns Parker Stevenson and Kathleen Quinlan.Sam Elliott plays Rick Carlson a 32-year-old lifeguard on a Southern California beach who's prompted to question his goals in life when he receives an invitation to his 15-year high school reunion.
 Thai Poranthachu is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Kalaimani. The film features Prabhu and Kausalya in lead roles whilst Karthik Vivek and Ponnambalam play supporting roles. It was remade in Telugu as Chusoddham Randi with Srikanth and Rambha in lead roles.
 Love and Suicide is a 2005 feature film romance by Luis Moro and Lisa France starring Moro Kamar de los Reyes and Daisy McCrackin. Moro wrote and filmed it over the course of 12 days in 2003 while attending the Havana International Film Festival for his previous film Anne B. Real. This was the first film to be shot by an American in Cuba since 1959 when actor Errol Flynn made his last picture Cuban Rebel Girls.
 Delicatessen is a 1991 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro starring Dominique Pinon and Karin Viard. It is set in an apartment building in a post-apocalyptic France of an ambiguous time period. The story focuses on the tenants of the building and their desperate bids to survive. Among these characters is the newly arrived Louison who arrives to replace a tenant whose reason for departure is initially unclear.
 Clothes Make the Pirate is a 1925 silent film starring Leon Errol and Dorothy Gish. The film was written by Marion Fairfax from the novel by Holman Francis Day and directed by Maurice Tourneur. It is a so-called lost film with a one minute trailer surviving.The film is a comedy that centers on a disgruntled 18th century Bostonian played by Errol who while wishing that he was a pirate dons the clothes and play-acts the part.
 Walking the Edge is a 1983 crime film and action film written by Curt Allen and directed by Norbert Meisel. It stars Robert Forster Nancy Kwan Joe Spinell A Martinez James McIntire Wayne Woodson Luis Contreras.This film at first seems to be the average run-of-the-mill violent exploitation action drama of the '80s but as the story unfolds it becomes apparent that the acting dialogue and characters take it to a different level.
 Rajagopuram is an Indian Tamil drama film directed by Ramshi. The film has Anand Yuvan Aarushi and Rhythamika in the lead roles.
 The Border is a 1982 American drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jack Nicholson Harvey Keitel Valerie Perrine and Warren Oates.
 Angeli senza paradiso is a 1970 Italian musicarello directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti. It is an unofficial remake of the 1933 film Leise flehen meine Lieder by Willi Forst.
 Rules: Pyaar Ka Superhit Formula is a 2003 Bollywood film.
 Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3: Viva la Fiesta! is a 2012 Disney direct-to-DVD family comedy film the third in the Beverly Hills Chihuahua series. Directed by Lev L. Spiro and starring George Lopez Odette Annable and Logan Grove the film focuses on Papi Chloe and the puppies moving to a hotel. Pedro finds love when he falls head over heels for Charlotte. The film was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on September 18 2012 in a two-disc Blu-ray/DVD combo pack.
 Sthreedhanam (English: Dowry) is a 1993 Malayalam family drama film directed by the duo Anil-Babu and starring Jagadeesh Urvashi and Meena in major roles.
 Athidhi or Atithi (English: Guest) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Mahesh Babu and Amrita Rao directed by Surender Reddy and produced by G. Ramesh Babu brother of Mahesh Babu under their banner Krishna Pictures Private Limited. It was released on 18 October 2007.
 The Rounders is a lighthearted 1965 film starring Glenn Ford and Henry Fonda. The comedy was based on the novel of the same name by Max Evans.
 The New Country (Swedish: Det nya landet) is a Swedish mini TV-series and feature film from 2000 directed by Geir Hansteen Jörgensen and written by Peter Birro and Lukas Moodysson. The mini-series version had a huge audience at national television SVT and the feature film version won more awards around the world than any other Swedish feature in 2001.
 La pica sul Pacifico is a 1959 Italian comedy film written and directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero and starring Tina Pica Memmo Carotenuto Elke Sommer and Matteo Spinola.
 Bunny Chow is a South African comedy film by John Barker partnered by MTV. It premiered on 7 September 2006 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Best is Yet to Come was a film distributed by exploitation film presenter Kroger Babb in 1951. Babb promoted the film as all there is to know about cancer.
 Long Arm of the Godfather (Italian: La mano lunga del padrino) is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Nardo Bonomi and starring Adolfo Celi.
 Trip to Jewish Cuba is a 1995 short documentary film that follows an American-Jewish aid mission as it travels to Cuba to observe and help the island's Jewish community.
 Crossplot is a 1969 film starring Roger Moore. Belgian actress Claudie Lange was also featured in her largest English-speaking role. Bernard Lee famous for his role as M in the James Bond films also appeared.
 Storage is a 2009 Australian horror film.It had its world premiere at the 2009 Dungog Film Festival.
 Alice is a 1988 fantasy film written and directed by Jan Švankmajer. Its original Czech title is Něco z Alenky which means Something from Alice. It is a free adaptation of Lewis Carroll's first Alice book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1865) about a girl who follows a white rabbit into a bizarre fantasy land. Alice is played by Kristýna Kohoutová.
 Madhura Sopnam is a 1977 Malayalam film by M. Krishnan Nair.
 Iron Girl (アイアンガール) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Masatoshi Nagamine.
 The Pink Doll (Russian: Розовая кукла) is an animated film of Russian director Valentin Olshvang produced in 1997.
 Skeeter is a 1993 horror film starring Jim Youngs and Tracy Griffith directed by Clark Brandon. The film was released in 1993 with the first video premiere being on April 06 1994.
 Drunken Angel (酔いどれ天使 Yoidore tenshi) is a 1948 Japanese yakuza film directed by Akira Kurosawa. It is notable for being the first of sixteen film collaborations between director Kurosawa and actor Toshiro Mifune.
 Those Wonderful Movie Cranks (Czech: Báječní muži s klikou) is a 1978 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. The film was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Angaaray (Hindi: अंगारे; English: Flames) is a 1986 Hindi-language film directed by Rajesh Sethi and starring Rajesh Khanna Smita Patil and Raj Babbar in the main lead roles.The dialogue screenplay and story has been written by Salim Khan.
 Followers is a 2000 film. It was produced by Castle Hill Productions. The plot focuses on three college students who attempt to join a fraternity but soon find the fraternity president to be extremely racist.
 Vivacious Lady is a 1938 American black-and-white romantic comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and James Stewart produced and directed by George Stevens and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The screenplay was written by P.J. Wolfson and Ernest Pagano and adapted from a short story by I. A. R. Wylie.
 The Man Who Wasn't There is a 2001 British-American neo-noir film written directed produced and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen. Billy Bob Thornton stars in the title role. Also featured are James Gandolfini Tony Shalhoub Scarlett Johansson Adam Alexi-Malle and Coen regulars Frances McDormand Richard Jenkins Michael Badalucco and Jon Polito.
 Retaliation (縄張はもらった Shima wa moratta) is a 1968 Japanese film directed by Yasuharu Hasebe.
 A Girl Called Jules (Italian: La ragazza di nome Giulio French: Une jeune fille nommée Julien) is a 1970 Italian-French drama film directed by Tonino Valerii. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival where it was supposed to be screened on the last day of the festival but the screening was eventually cancelled as the festival was interrupted on 5 July 1970.
 El dinero de Dios is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto. It stars Carlos Estrada and Fina Basser.
 Burning the Future: Coal in America is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by David Novack. The film focuses on the impacts of mountaintop mining in the Appalachians where mountain ridges are scraped away by heavy machinery to access coal seams below a process that is cheaper and faster than traditional mining methods but is damaging to the environment.
 Lifeforce is a 1985 science fiction film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Dan O'Bannon and Don Jakoby based on Colin Wilson's 1976 novel The Space Vampires.
 A Woman Her Men and Her Futon is a drama film starring Jennifer Rubin Lance Edwards and Grant Show. It was directed written and produced by Michael Sibay. The film was released in 1992.
 Guru is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Umesh Mehra starring Mithun Chakraborty Sridevi and Shakti Kapoor. The film is the remake of Tamil blockbuster Kaakki Sattai starring Kamal Haasan. GURU was a one of the biggest opener of that year and became a box office HIT.
 The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a 2010 American fantasy adventure film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer directed by Jon Turteltaub and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures the team behind the National Treasure franchise.
 Serpent in the Rainbow is a 1973 Australian mini series set in the late 19th century.
 Schultze Gets the Blues is a 2003 film the first directed and written by Michael Schorr.
 Old Mac is a 1961 film directed by Michael Winner.
 Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi.
 Aadhya Paadam is a 1977 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by actor Adoor Bhasi starring Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in lead roles.
 Skum Rocks! is a 2013 independent rockumentary film about Skum a 1980s rock band with a near-crippling lack of musical talent. The film is directed by Clay Westervelt a veteran documentary filmmaker and features the living members of Skum along with various celebrities commenting on the band. The film is dedicated to Jerry Mann a former bassist for Skum who died in 2011.
 The Trunks of Mr. O.F. (German:Die Koffer des Herrn O.F.) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Alexis Granowsky and starring Alfred Abel Peter Lorre and Harald Paulsen. The film was shot between 15 September and 17 October 1931 and premiered in Berlin on 2 December 1931. The film was then heavily cut down to a shorter running time and re-released under the alternative title Building and Marrying (Bauen und heiraten).
 Mojugara Sogasugara (Kannada: ಮೋಜುಗಾರ ಸೊಗಸುಗಾರ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed and written by Vijay . The film marks actor Vishnuvardhan's 150th film and he features in dual roles along with Shruti and Sonakshi in the lead roles. The film produced by N. Kumar was widely appreciated for its songs tuned by Hamsalekha and lead actors performances upon release.
 The Black Forest Girl (German:Schwarzwaldmädel) is a 1933 German operetta film directed by Georg Zoch and starring Maria Beling Hans Söhnker and Walter Janssen. The film is based on the 1917 operetta of the same title composed by Leon Jessel with a libretto by August Neidhart. It was one of several film adaptations of the story. It premiered in Stuttgart on 30 November 1933.
 Arctic Blast is a 2010 disaster film. Its world premiere took place at the 2010 Canadian Film Festival in Sydney at the Dendy Opera Quays cinema on 4 August.
 Abhiyum Njanum is a 2013 Indian film directed by S. P. Mahesh. Archana Kavi and debutant Rohit Nair play the lead along with Lal. The film is a travel movie which revolves around two characters Abirami (Archana) and Rahul (Rohit) and plots the happenings in the life of the protagonists from morning to evening on that particular day. Despite the title Abhiyum Njanum is not a remake of the 2008 Tamil film of the same name. The film released on 31 May 2013.
 Global Heresy (Rock My World in the United States) is a 2002 comedy-drama film about a highly successful American rock band recovering from the loss of their leader by going into seclusion in the United Kingdom.
 Undercut is a 2004 martial arts film written and directed by Stephen Reedy.
 Nexus is a Canadian independent action film directed by Neil Coombs and produced by Caged Angel Films. It stars Grace Kosaka Andrew Kraulis Jefferson Mappin. Phase 4 Films is the North American distributor and the film was released in the US Aug 9 2011 on Netflix iTunes and Amazon and in Canada August 16 2011 on iTunes and in Rogers Video.
 Amma is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jiten and produced by B B Katra and Jiten himself starring Mithun Chakraborty Vijay Arora Raakhee and Ashok Kumar
 The She-Devil is a 1918 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered to be lost. This was the last film in which Alan Roscoe starred with Theda Bara; they appeared in six films together starting with Camille.
 Barbie: Mermaidia (alternatively Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia) is a 2006 direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Walter P. Martishius and William Lau and produced by Mainframe Entertainment. It is seventh in the Barbie film series of computer-animated Barbie films and a direct sequel to Barbie: Fairytopia. The film stars Kelly Sheridan as the voice of Elina and Chiara Zanni as the voice of Nori.
 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a 1939 film adaptation of Mark Twain's classic novel of the same name starring Mickey Rooney in the title role. The supporting cast features Walter Connolly William Frawley and Rex Ingram. It was remade in 1974 as a musical.
 Hitler: A Film from Germany (German: Hitler ein Film aus Deutschland) called Our Hitler in the US is a 1977 Franco-British-German experimental film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg produced by Bernd Eichinger and co-produced by the BBC. It starred Heinz Schubert who played both Adolf Hitler and Heinrich Himmler. Along with Syberberg's characteristic and unusual motifs and style the film is also notable for its 442-minute running time.
 Invisible Stripes is a 1939 Warner Bros. crime film about a gangster (George Raft) unable to go straight after returning home from prison. The movie was directed by Lloyd Bacon and also features William Holden and Humphrey Bogart. The screenplay by Warren Duff was based on the novel of the same name by Warden Lewis E. Lawes a fervent crusader for prison reform as adapted by Jonathan Finn.
 Hold That Line is a 1952 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on March 23 1952 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-fifth film in the series.
 Patch Adams is a 1998 semi-biographical comedy-drama film starring Robin Williams. Directed by Tom Shadyac it is based on the life story of Dr. Hunter Patch Adams and the book Gesundheit: Good Health is a Laughing Matter by Adams and Maureen Mylander. Despite being poorly received by most critics the film was a box-office success grossing over twice its budget in the United States alone.
 Mother's Day is a 1980 American horror-thriller film directed co-written and produced by Charles Kaufman brother of Troma Entertainment co-founder Lloyd Kaufman who served as an associate producer for the film.A memorable scene in the film is soundtracked by I Think We're Alone Now by 1960s bubblegum pop band Tommy James & the Shondells.
 Redemption: Kickboxer 5 is a 1995 direct-to-video martial arts film directed by Kristine Peterson. The film is the fifth entry in the Kickboxer series.
 Free Jimmy (No: Slipp Jimmy fri) is a Norwegian/British computer animated feature film first released in Norwegian in 2006 and later in English in 2008. The film was written and directed by acclaimed Norwegian subculture comic book artist Christopher Nielsen and the film features a number of characters from Nielsen's dark humor-laden comic books.
 Anna is a 1967 French musical-comedy film directed by Pierre Koralnik and starring Anna Karina.
 The Last Mountain is a feature-length documentary film directed by Bill Haney and produced by Haney Clara Bingham and Eric Grunebaum. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and went into general release on June 3 2011. The film explores the consequences of mining and burning coal with a particular focus on the use of a method for coal strip-mining in Appalachia commonly known as mountaintop removal mining.Based in part on Robert F.
 Beck – Mannen med ikonerna is a 1997 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Pelle Seth.
 A Close Shave is a 1995 stop motion animated short film directed by Nick Park at Aardman Animations in Bristol featuring his characters Wallace and Gromit. It was his third half-hour short featuring the eccentric inventor Wallace and his quiet but intelligent dog Gromit following 1989's A Grand Day Out and 1993's The Wrong Trousers.To celebrate the film's premiere on 24 December 1995 BBC Two's Christmas presentation that year (broadcast from 17 to 22 December) featured Wallace and Gromit.
 Love at Sea is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Rosalyn Boulter Carl Harbord and Aubrey Mallalieu. During production a major fire broke out at Elstree Studios where the film was being shot. Brunel moved production to another studio and managed to complete the film on time. A woman travelling on a cruise ship falls in love with a suspected thief on board.
 Out was a short film produced by the United Nations Film Board and directed by Lionel Rogosin on the refugee situation in Austria as a result of Hungarian Revolution of 1956. The film was conceived 28 November 1956 filming began on 3 December 1956 and the answer print was screened 4 January 1957.
 Boulevard du Rhum also known as Rum Runners is a 1971 French-Italian-Spanish adventure film directed by Robert Enrico and produced by Alain Poiré. It is based on Jacques Pecheral's novel of the same name. It stars Brigitte Bardot and Lino Ventura and was released in France on 13 October 1971.
 La Grande Illusion (also known as Grand Illusion) is a 1937 French war film directed by Jean Renoir who co-wrote the screenplay with Charles Spaak. The story concerns class relationships among a small group of French officers who are prisoners of war during World War I and are plotting an escape. The title of the film comes from the book The Great Illusion by British economist Norman Angell which argued that war is futile because of the common economic interests of all European nations.
 Darna is the first film featuring the Filipino comics character Darna. The film was released on May 31 1951 by Royal Films. It was directed by Fernando Poe Sr. and was written by Mars Ravelo the creator of Darna.
 Tachiguishi-Retsuden (立喰師列伝 lit. Tachigui: The Amazing Lives of the Fast Food Grifters) is a 2006 live-action/animated hybrid film directed by Japanese filmmaker Mamoru Oshii who also wrote the eponymous novel on which the film was based. Both works are part of the Kerberos saga. Live-action film and manga adaptations were produced few months later in Japan.The Tachiguishi-Retsuden logo bears the mention Tachiguishi-Retsuden 1945-2006 A Mamoru Oshii Animation Film.
 Slime City Massacre is a 2010 comedy-horror sequel film directed by Greg Lamberson and starring Jennifer Bihl Kealan Patrick Burke Debbie Rochon and Robert Sabin. It is a semi-sequel to Greg Lamberson's earlier Slime City.
 The Big Night Bathe (Bulgarian: Голямото нощно къпане translit. Golyamoto noshtno kapane) is a 1980 Bulgarian drama film directed by Binka Zhelyazkova. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Harlem Globetrotters is a 1951 Sport/Drama film about the famous African American basketball team The Harlem Globetrotters released by Columbia Pictures. The film stars Thomas Gomez Bill Walker Dorothy Dandridge Angela Clarke and Peter M. Thompson.
 Sujatha is a 1953 Sri Lankan romantic musical based on the Bollywood film Badi Bahen. It was the most successful Sri Lankan film made up to that time and started the trend of blatantly copying Indian films.
 Rhubarb was a 1969 British short film written and directed by Eric Sykes starring Sykes and Harry Secombe. The dialogue consisted entirely of repetitions of the word rhubarb all the characters last names were Rhubarb and even the license plates on vehicles were RHU BAR B. A baby spoke by holding a sign with the word Rhubarb written on it.Rhubarb is a radio idiom for unintelligible background speech.
 Tiger is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha. The film featured Mithun Chakraborty and Debasree Roy.
 The Story of Will Rogers is a 1952 movie biography of humorist and movie star Will Rogers directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Will Rogers Jr. as his father. The supporting cast features Jane Wyman Slim Pickens Noah Beery Jr. Steve Brodie and Eddie Cantor. Bing Crosby secretly made a screen test for the lead role available for viewing at the Paley Center for Media in New York City and Los Angeles but was deemed too different in persona from Rogers to play the part.
 Search for the Beast (1997) is an American horror film directed by R.G. Arledge and starring Rick Montana as Dr. David Stone a scientist searching for a giant man-beast said to inhabit the Okaloosa wilderness. The film is considered by many to be to one of the worst films ever made.Years before Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino decided to create an homage to 70's drive in movies (Grindhouse) Rick Montana and David F. Friedman created Search for the Beast.
 Too Late (Portuguese: Tarde Demais) is a 2000 Portuguese film directed by José Nascimento. It was Portugal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Thirteen Princess Trees (Chinese: 十三棵泡桐; Chinese: 十三棵泡桐; pinyin: shí sān kē pào tóng) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by cinematographer-cum-director Lü Yue and based on the novel Blade vs. Blade by He Dacao.
 Haru ((ハル)) is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita.
 The Single Girls is a 1974 exploitation film about a group of swingers at a Caribbean resort who are stalked by a mysterious killer. The film was directed by Beverly Sebastion and Ferd Sebastion and stars Claudia Jennings Jean Marie Ingels and Greg Mullavy.Tagline: Searching for a man was a way of life.
 Batang X is a 1995 Filipino film released under Regal Films. The film is about 5 children with superhuman abilities who get kidnapped by the alien Dr. Axis to help her steal sources of energy for her spaceship.
 Três Irmãos is a 1994 Portuguese drama film directed by Teresa Villaverde.
 Town Without Pity (German: Stadt ohne Mitleid) is a 1961 American Austrian and West German international co-production drama film directed by Gottfried Reinhardt. Produced by The Mirisch Corporation the film stars Kirk Douglas Christine Kaufmann and E. G. Marshall.The film was based on the 1960 novel Das Urteil (The Verdict) by German writer Gregor Dorfmeister who wrote under the pen name Manfred Gregor. The film was rewritten at Kirk Douglas' suggestion by Dalton Trumbo without credit.
 The Best Job in the World (French: Le Plus Beau Métier du monde) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Gérard Lauzier. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Il padrone del vapore is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Riccardo Billi.
 Dasarathan is a 1993 Tamil language film directed by Kitty. The film features Sarathkumar and Heera in lead roles whilst Sivakumar Saranya and Gandhimathi play supporting roles.
 Ghazal Al Banat (Arabic: غزل البنات‎ English: The Flirtation of Girls) is a (1949) Egyptian film. It is Naguib Al Rihani's last film and was shown in cinemas after his death. Ghazal Al Banat was also the last appearance of Mohamed Abdel Wahab in a film. The film was produced by Anwar Wagdi who was married to the female lead Laila Mourad.
 Kiss and Make-Up is a 1934 romantic comedy film starring Cary Grant as a doctor who specializes in making women beautiful. Helen Mack and Genevieve Tobin play his romantic entanglements. The film was based on the play Kozmetika by István Békeffi. All of the WAMPAS Baby Stars of 1934 were cast in roles in the film.
 Umberto D. (pronounced [umˈbɛrto di]) is a 1952 Italian neorealist film directed by Vittorio De Sica. Most of the actors were non-professional including Carlo Battisti who plays the title role of Umberto Domenico Ferrari a poor old man in Rome desperately trying to keep his room.
 One Minute to Zero (1952) is a romantic war film starring Robert Mitchum and Ann Blyth set during the Korean War and produced by Howard Hughes as the last film he fronted. The film showcases the contributions of the U.S. Army and U.S Air Force the South Korean Army the United Nations the British Army and the Royal Australian Air Force during the early days of the Korean War. The effects of air power in the Korean War were also vividly depicted through the use of combat footage.
 The Snake King's Grandchild (Khmer: រឿងចៅពស់កេងកង Chaos puos keng kang also Snaker 2 and Snake's love) is a 2006 Cambodian Romance horror film a sequel to a 2001 film The Snake King's Child. It is a successful and award-winning in the khmer national film festivalwhere it received 4 awards including best actress.
 Man Wanted is a Pre-Code 1932 romance film starring Kay Francis as a married magazine editor who hires a handsome secretary David Manners. The film features Una Merkel and Andy Devine in supporting roles.
 Suicide Killers is a documentary exploring the motivations of a suicide bomber. It includes rare and never-before-seen interviews with family members of terrorists widows of suicide bombers and surviving terrorists whose suicide attacks failed. Also included is footage of a suicide bomber as he prepares for his mission.
 The Good Companions is a 1956 British musical film directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Eric Portman. It is based on the novel of the same name and is a remake of the 1933 film version.
 Relax Freddie (Danish: Slap af Frede!) is a 1966 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Morten Grunwald. It is a sequel to Slå først Frede!.
 Neumi (느미) aka The Deaf Worker is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Marco Polo (also known as L'avventura di un italiano in Cina) is a 1961 Italian-French historical adventure film directed by Piero Pierotti and Hugo Fregonese.
 Mud Bloody Mud is a 1985 Australian TV movie based on a popular comic strip Bluey and Curly. These comic book characters link documentary footage with puppets playing political figures.The script was written by Cliff Green for the ABC. Green:We had a very tight budget very few actors and no outside filming - so the whole thing was shot in-studio.
 Teddy Bear (Danish: 10 Timer til Paradis 10 hours to paradise) is a 2012 Danish film starring Kim Kold as a Danish bodybuilder who travels to Thailand to find love. The film was directed by Mads Matthiesen and written by Matthiesen and Martin Zandvliet. Teddy Bear is based on Matthiesen's 2007 short film Dennis which starred Kold in the same role.
 Father Came Too! is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Peter Graham Scott. It is a sequel to The Fast Lady.
 Bhayaanak is a Hindi horror film released in 1979 with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role. This was one of Mithun's earliest movies.
 Gaucho Serenade is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Bradford Ropes the film is about a singing cowboy who goes up against a group of businessmen who plot to kidnap the son of a former partner so he won't testify against them.
 Beyond the Search is a documentary project developed and produced by Jared Madden directed by Kyle Portbury and executive produced by John Gate and Neale Schofield. Funded by the Seventh-day Adventist Church it was produced at the Adventist Media Network Studios in Sydney Australia and will be presented and promoted by the Seventh-day Adventist owned television network HopeChannel.
 Taylor's Wall is a 2001 television film directed by Craig Ross Jr. written by Cheryl McKay and starring Sam Doumit and Lukas Behnken.
 The Dictator is a 2012 American comedy film co-written by and starring Sacha Baron Cohen as his fourth feature film in a leading role. The film is directed by Larry Charles who previously directed Baron Cohen's mockumentaries Borat and Brüno. Cohen in the role of Admiral General Aladeen the dictator of the fictional Republic of Wadiya visiting the United States stars alongside Anna Faris Ben Kingsley Jason Mantzoukas and an uncredited appearance by John C.
 The Office Picnic is a 1972 Australian comedy film directed by Tom Cowan. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Your Studio and You is a comedy short film created in 1995 by Matt Stone and Trey Parker and commissioned by comedic filmmaker David Zucker. It was to be played at a party Seagram threw for its employees acquired as a result of its Universal Studios take-over. It parodies the style of 1950s educational films such as Duck and Cover while poking fun at Universal and its talent.
 Camino de la horca (English: Way of the Gallows) is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Gandharvam (Malayalam : ഗാന്ധര്‍വ്വം) (1993) is an Indian film in Malayalam language directed by Sangeeth Sivan and Mohanlal and Kanchan appearing in lead roles along with Jagathi Sreekumar Devan Vijayakumar Premkumar and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. A romantic film packed with fun and adventure this film was a super hit in theaters.
 Together Alone is a 1991 drama film written and directed by P. J. Castellaneta.
 De Omweg is a 2000 Dutch film directed by Frouke Fokkema.
 I camionisti (The Truckers) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starred by the comedy duo Gigi e Andrea.
 Alraune die Henkerstochter genannt die rote Hanne(Alraune the hangman's daughter named Red Hanna) is a 1918 silent science fiction horror film directed by Eugen Illés and Joseph Klein and starring Max Auzinger in which a Doctor uses the sperm of a dead man to impregnate a prostitute.
 Kyon Ki (Hindi: क्योंकि translation: Because) is a 2005 Bollywood film directed by Priyadarshan and starring Salman Khan Kareena Kapoor Rimi Sen Jackie Shroff Om Puri and Sunil Shetty. The film is a remake of the 1986 Malayalam film Thalavattam (directed by Priyadarshan himself). The story also draws inspiration from the English novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
 Black Dragons is a 1942 American film directed by William Nigh and starring Bela Lugosi Joan Barclay and George Pembroke. The Black Dragon Society also appears in Let's Get Tough! a 1942 East Side Kids film made by the same team of writer Harvey Gates and producer Sam Katzman. The cast includes Clayton Moore (later famous as the Lone Ranger) who plays a handsome detective.
 American Hot Wax is a 1978 biopic film directed by Floyd Mutrux and written by John Kaye telling the story of Cleveland disc jockey Alan Freed who was instrumental in introducing and popularizing rock 'n' roll in the 1950s.
 The Spy: Undercover Operation (Hangul: 스파이; RR: Seu-pa-i; lit. Spy) is a 2013 South Korean spy comedy film about an agent (Sol Kyung-gu) who is undercover in a foreign country while his wife (Moon So-ri) has no idea what he does for a living.The early working title was Mister K (Hangul: 미스터K; RR: Miseuteo K; MR: Misŭt‘ŏ K).
 Horrors of War is a 2006 American horror film directed by Peter John Ross and John Whitney.
 Viva la libertà is a 2013 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Andò. It won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Screenplay and the David di Donatello for Best Script and the David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actor to Valerio Mastandrea.
 Another Day in Paradise is a 1998 drama film directed by Larry Clark and released by Trimark Pictures. It is based on the novel Another Day in Paradise written by Eddie Little. The movie won the Grand Prix award at the 1999 Festival du Film Policier de Cognac.Previously both Woods and Griffith had worked together in the 1990 film Women And Men: Stories of Seduction.
 Lady Whirlwind a.k.a. Deep Thrust (Chinese: 鐵掌旋風腿) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Huang Feng starring Angela Mao.
 Mortal Kombat: Rebirth is a 2010 detailed short film directed by Kevin Tancharoen with fight choreography by Larnell Stovall who also choreographed Undisputed III: Redemption. Based on the Mortal Kombat series of fighting games the short-film actually was made by the director to sell Warner Bros. on his vision for a reimagined Mortal Kombat film. The pitch eventually evolved into the web series Mortal Kombat: Legacy and solidified Tancharoen's directing duties on Warner Bros.
 Wide Awake is a 1998 comedy-drama film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and produced by Cathy Konrad and Cary Woods. The film stars Denis Leary Dana Delany Joseph Cross and Rosie O'Donnell. Wide Awake also features Julia Stiles in one of her earliest roles as the main character's teenage sister Neena.Although it was made in 1995 the film was not released until 1998. The script was written in 1991.
 Aw Aaakare Aa (Oriya: ଅ ଆକାେର ଆ) is a 2003 Indian Oriya film directed by Subash DasThis film reflects change in the present education system and projected another very sensitive issue — the drudgery and defeatism of modern education system
 Never Take No for an Answer (also known as Peppino e Violetta and The Small Miracle) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Maurice Cloche
 Sharaku (Japanese: 写楽) is a 1995 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Open Your Eyes is a 2008 short film written and directed by Susan Cohen.
 The Lost Battalion is a true 2001 made-for-television film about the Lost Battalion of World War I which was cut off and surrounded by German forces in the Argonne Forest during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive of 1918. The film was directed by Russell Mulcahy written by James Carabatsos and starred Rick Schroder as Major Charles Whittlesey. The film was shot in Luxembourg. It is an A&E Original Movie premiering on the network in 2001.
 Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic is a direct to DVD animated film released on February 9 2010. The film is a spin-off from Electronic Arts' Dante's Inferno video game.
 Sweetgrass is a 2009 documentary film that follows modern-day shepherds as they lead their flocks of sheep up into Montana's Absaroka-Beartooth mountains for summer pasture. It was directed by Lucien Castaing-Taylor a Harvard anthropologist and produced by his wife Ilisa Barbash. The title derives from Sweet Grass County one of several in which the film was shot.
 Trotta is a 1971 West German film directed by Johannes Schaaf. It is based on the 1938 novel Die Kapuzinergruft (The Emperor's Tomb) by Austrian author Joseph Roth. It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 45th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
 Werckmeister Harmonies (pronounced [verkˈmaɪ̯stɐ]; Hungarian: Werckmeister harmóniák) is a 2000 Hungarian film directed by Béla Tarr based on the 1989 novel The Melancholy of Resistance by László Krasznahorkai.
 Burgu i Mërgimit (English: The Prison of Migration) is an artistic Albanian film that treats the real situation of the 1990s Albania. It shows the suffering of Albanians away from their country and trying to stay away from foreign jails of ex-Yugoslavia.
 One Hundred Men and a Girl is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin. Written by Charles Kenyon Bruce Manning and James Mulhauser from a story by Hanns Kräly the film is about the daughter of a struggling musician who forms a symphony orchestra consisting of his unemployed friends.
 Czech Peace (Czech: Český mír) is a 2010 Czech documentary film directed by Vít Klusák and Filip Remunda. The film won the White Goose award at the DMZ Korean International Documentary Film Festival in 2010. The film followed a 2004 documentary from the same pair of directors Czech Dream (Český sen). Following the release of Czech Peace the directors announced plans to make a third documentary film to complete a trilogy.
 A City of Sadness (Chinese: 悲情城市; pinyin: bēiqíng chéngshì) is a 1989 Taiwanese historical drama film directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien. It tells the story of a family embroiled in the tragic White Terror that was wrought on the Taiwanese people by the Kuomintang government (KMT) after their arrival from mainland China in the late 1940s during which thousands of Taiwanese were rounded up shot and/or sent to prison.
 Jal Bin Machhli Nritya Bin Bijli is a 1971 Bollywood romance film directed by V. Shantaram with Sandhya and Abhijeet as leads along with Vatsala Deshmukh and Dina Pathak.This was the first Indian film for which all songs were recorded in stereophonic sound.The film however had mono soundtrack.All songs were recorded and mixed by Mangesh Desai at V.Shantaram's Rajkamal Kala Mandeer studios.
 And One Was Beautiful is a 1940 romantic drama film starring Robert Cummings Laraine Day and Jean Muir. It is based on the story of the same name by Alice Duer Miller. Two sisters are attracted to a rich playboy. One runs over and kills a man and lets the playboy take the blame.
 Dushman Devta is a 1991 Bollywood film directed by Anil Ganguly and starring Dharmendra Dimple Kapadia and Sonam.
 Un milliard dans un billard is a 1965 French romantic crime film directed by Nicolas Gessner.
 Don't Let the Angels Fall (French: Seuls les enfants étaient présents) is a 1969 Canadian drama film directed by George Kaczender. It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jaisurya is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2004. Jaisurya is a 2004 film which stars action king Arjun in double role as a rowdy and a collector. The film also stars Laila Chaaya Singh Vadivelu and Kotaa Srinivaasa Rao. The film was directed by Manoj Kumar who already directed Arjun in Vaanavil. The movie's score was scored by Deva. The film received negative reviews.
 Spookley the Square Pumpkin is a 2004 computer-animated film released direct-to-DVD in January 2005[1][2] and is based on the book The Legend of Spookley the Square Pumpkin by Joe Troiano. It was made by Holiday Hill Farm and released by Kidtoon Films and Lionsgate. It had its television premiere on October 16 2013 on Cartoon Network.
 The Substitute 3: Winner Takes All is a 1999 action thriller film starring Treat Williams a mercenary who masquerades as a teacher in order to expose a college football team's steroid-abuse scandal. This movie was later released on DVD in 2000 and bundled with the first movie.
 Dealin' with Idiots is an 2013 American film written and directed by Jeff Garlin who also stars. It was distributed by IFC Films and released on July 12 2013.
 Gunahon Ka Sheher is a Pakisatani Urdu film directed by Pashto film director Saeed Ali Khan
 Il gatto (internationally released as The Cat) is a 1977 Italian giallo-comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini. For this film Mariangela Melato was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress.
 Across the Continent is a silent film released by Paramount Pictures in June 1922 and was one of star Wallace Reid's last performances. This film was also the opening night film of the Castro Theatre in San Francisco on June 22 1922.
 The Reaping is an 2007 American horror film starring Hilary Swank. The film was directed by Stephen Hopkins for Warner Bros. Pictures Village Roadshow Pictures and Dark Castle Entertainment. The music for the film was scored by John Frizzell.
 Kichamani MBA is a Malayalam language film which was released in 2007. Starring Suresh Gopi Jayasurya and Navya Nair in lead roles directed by Samad Mangada produced by Hill Top Productions. It also has Biju Menon Priyanka and Salim Kumar in supporting roles.
 Unforgiven is a 1992 American Western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with a screenplay written by David Webb Peoples. The film portrays William Munny an aging outlaw and killer who takes on one more job years after he had turned to farming.
 Seven Hours of Gunfire (Spanish: Aventuras del Oeste Italian: Sette ore di fuoco) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent (as José Hernandez).
 The Link and the Chain (French: Le Maillon et la chaîne) is a 1963 French documentary film directed by Jacques Ertaud. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Father Is a Bachelor is a 1950 romantic comedy film starring William Holden and Coleen Gray.
 Mr. Broadway (1933) is a comedy film written by Abel Green and Ed Sullivan. The film was directed by Johnnie Walker (1894-1949) who was also a silent film actor and producer and stars Sullivan along with a cast of celebrity walk-ons. It was shot in New York City.
 Pellichesukundam is a 1997 Telugu film directed by Mutyala Subbaiah. Venkatesh Soundarya and Laila played the lead roles.
 Appaji (Kannada: ಅಪ್ಪಾಜಿ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada-language action drama film starring Vishnuvardhan and Aamani in the lead roles. The film is directed by D. Rajendra Babu and written by Vijayendra Prasad and produced under Surya International banner. The film upon release met with positive reviews and declared a blockbuster. The music was scored by M. M. Keeravani.
 Slam Dunk Ernest is a 1995 comedy film and the eighth full-length feature film starring Jim Varney as Ernest P. Worrell. It was released direct-to-video and was directed by long-time Ernest collaborator John R. Cherry III. In the movie Ernest joins his employer's basketball team and later becomes a star with the help of an angel (Kareem Abdul-Jabbar).
 The Boy Who Loved Trolls is a 1984 American Fantasy/Adventure film. The story was adapted by James A. DeVinney from a play by John Wheatcroft. The original play entitled Ofoeti was telecast in 1966 on NET Playhouse.
 Black Orpheus (Portuguese: Orfeu Negro) is a 1959 film made in Brazil by French director Marcel Camus. It is based on the play Orfeu da Conceição (pt) by Vinicius de Moraes which is an adaptation of the Greek legend of Orpheus and Eurydice set in the modern context of a favela in Rio de Janeiro during Carnaval.
 Not So Dumb (1930) is a comedy motion picture starring Marion Davies directed by King Vidor and produced for Cosmopolitan Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is based on the stage play Dulcy by George S. Kaufman and Marc Connelly that starred Lynn Fontanne.The film resulted in a financial loss for the studio of $39000.
 The Medium (Italian: Il medium) is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Gian Carlo Menotti. It is based on the opera of the same name and was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival. It would later be screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (aka Nicholas Nickleby) is a British movie released for TV in 2001 directed by Stephen Whittaker based on the novel by Charles Dickens.
 Satan's Baby Doll (Italian: La bimba di Satana) is a 1982 Italian horror film directed by Mario Bianchi.
 The Sun of the Sleepless (Georgian: უძინართა მზე translit. Udzinarta mze) is a 1992 Georgian drama film directed by Temur Babluani. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.The film had been directed since 1985 till 1992. The film was translated into several languages using voice-over technique as well as subtitles (e.g.
 The Angels' Share is a Scottish comedy-drama film directed by Ken Loach starring Paul Brannigan John Henshaw William Ruane Gary Maitland Jasmin Riggins and Siobhan Reilly. It tells the story of a young Glaswegian father who narrowly avoids a prison sentence. He is determined to turn over a new leaf and when he and his friends from the same community payback group visit a whisky distillery a route to a new life becomes apparent.
 Caught is a 1949 American film noir directed by Max Ophüls and starring James Mason Barbara Bel Geddes and Robert Ryan. Caught was based on a novel by Libbie Block. Child actor Jimmy Hawkins had a small role in the film.
 Neend hamarey khuwab tumharey is a blockbuster Pakistani Urdu colour film produced and directed by Khalid Khursheed. NHKT is a romantic and melodious film. It cast Waheed Murad Deeba Nirala Aliya and Talish.
 Lovers of Woomuk-Baemi (우묵배미의 사랑 - Umukbaemi eui sarang) aka A Short Love Affair is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Jang Sun-woo.
 Widows (Spanish: Viudas) is a 2011 Argentine dramatic comedy film directed by Marcos Carnevale. The film was the second highest grossing non-US film in Argentina in 2011.
 The Fear (Greek: Ο φόβος translit. O fovos) is a 1966 Greek crime film directed by Kostas Manoussakis. It was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.
 AAA (also known as AAA - The Movie or simply Triple A) is a 2010 animated action-dramedy film produced by Ánima Estudios and distributed by Videociné. It is a fictionalization of the lucha libre wrestling team organization Asistencia Asesoría y Administración and was released in theaters on January 22 2010.
 Addams Family Reunion is a 1998 film based on The Addams Family television series (which was in turn based on the cartoons of Charles Addams). While created mainly for the direct-to-video market it did premiere first on television on Fox Family.
 When Father Was Away on Business (Bosnian: Otac na službenom putu Отац на службеном путу) is a 1985 Bosnian film by Bosniann director Emir Kusturica. The screenplay was written by the Bosnian dramatist Abdulah Sidran. Its subtitle is A Historical Love Film. Produced by Bosnian Forum Sarajevo financed by Bosnia.
 Here on Earth is a 2000 romantic drama film directed by Mark Piznarski with a screenplay by Michael Seitzman. It stars Chris Klein Leelee Sobieski and Josh Hartnett. The original music score was composed by Kelly Jones and Andrea Morricone.
 If You Don't I Will (French: Arrête ou je continue) is a 2014 French comedy film directed by Sophie Fillières. The film had its premiere in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Jimmy and Judy is an 2006 independent film starring Rachael Bella as Judy and Edward Furlong as Jimmy. It is written and directed by Randall K. Rubin and Jon Schroder.
 The Captive City (Italian: La città prigioniera) is a 1962 Italian English-language war film directed by Joseph Anthony and starring David Niven Lea Massari and Ben Gazzara. It is based on the 1955 novel The Captive City by John Appleby.
 You Can't Beat the Law is a 1943 American film directed by Phil Rosen.The film is also known as Prison Mutiny (American TV title).
 The Pink Jungle is a 1968 film thriller starring James Garner George Kennedy and Eva Renzi. The film was directed by Delbert Mann and written by Charles Williams adapting the 1965 novel Snake Water by Alan Williams.
 Light Years Away (French: Les Années lumière) is a 1981 film directed by Alain Tanner. It tells the story of a young man who meets an old man who says he was taught by birds how to fly and is building a flying machine. It is based on a novel by Daniel Odier.Although filmed in English and shot in Ireland it was made by a Swiss director and produced by companies from France and Switzerland. The film won the Grand Prix Prize at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 Surge of Power: The Stuff of Heroes is an independent film made in 2004.
 Jane Doe is a 2001 American television film starring Teri Hatcher and Rob Lowe directed and written by Kevin Elders.
 On Location: George Carlin at USC (aka An Evening with George Carlin at USC) is American comedian George Carlin's first ever HBO special Recorded during the Summer of 1977 at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. This unique taping lasted 85 minutes.
 The Last Night of the Barbary Coast (1913) was an early example of the exploitation film showing what was purported to be the last night of the Barbary Coast red-light section of San Francisco. In reality the Barbary Coast wasn't shut down until 1917.The film directed by Hal Mohr and Sol Lesser is now considered a lost film. Mohr later an Academy Award winner did the cinematography and Lesser went on to become a Hollywood producer.
 The Challenge is a 2003 film starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen and their last direct-to-video production before their move to the big screen with New York Minute.InfoShane is very into nature and is a vegetarian while her estranged twin sister Lizzie has a driven type A personality. They are complete opposites or so they think.
 Dinosaurs Alive! is a 2007 IMAX documentary produced by Giant Screen Films about various dinosaurs that inhabited the Earth between 251 and 65 Ma. The documentary features animals from the Triassic period of New Mexico to the Cretaceous period of Mongolia.
 Ihre Hoheit die Tänzerin (German: Her Highness the Dancer) is a 1922 German film directed by Richard Eichberg and featuring Béla Lugosi.The original film was banned by the Film Review Office: it was not to be shown in the Weimar Republic. The makers appealed but the Office considered the film corruptive and the appeal was rejected A shortened version was again not approved.
 Alien Nation: The Udara Legacy is the fifth and final television movie produced to continue the story of the prematurely canceled television series Alien Nation.Alien Nation: The Udara Legacy was written by Renee and Harry Longstreet and directed by Kenneth Johnson.
 For a Wife's Honor is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Darling Darling is 1977 Bollywood film directed by Gogi Anand and starring Dev Anand and Zeenat Aman.
 CrazySexyCool: The TLC Story is a 2013 American television biographical film about the R&B and hip hop musical trio TLC. The film stars Keke Palmer as Rozonda Chilli Thomas Niatia Lil Mama Kirkland as Lisa Left Eye Lopes and Drew Sidora as Tionne T-Boz Watkins. The film was directed by Charles Stone III and written by Kate Lanier. Thomas and Watkins also served as executive producers of the film.The film premiered on VH1 on October 21 2013.
 El secreto de la monja (The Secret of the Nun) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Barocco is a 1976 French romantic thriller film directed by André Téchiné. The film stars Isabelle Adjani Gérard Depardieu and Marie-France Pisier. Identity redemption and resurrection are the themes of the film. The plot follows a young woman who convinces her boxer boyfriend to accept a bribe to tell a lie that discredits a local politician. When the boyfriend is murdered she is racked with guilt until she meets the killer and plans to remake him into the image of her slain lover.
 Six-Shooter Justice is a 1917 film featuring Harry Carey.
 The One Lamb is a 2009 American Christian film directed by Bryan Forrest set to be released on March 30 2009. It stars John W. Price Alyson Lowe Anna Holmes and Bryan Forrest. It is unrated. It was financed by University City United Methodist Church in North Carolina.
 Justice Is Done (French: Justice est faite) is a 1950 French drama film directed by André Cayatte. It tackles the subject of euthanasia by depicting a court case in which a woman is tried for killing her terminally ill husband at his request. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 On a volé la cuisse de Jupiter (literally Jupiter's thigh was stolen) is a French movie released in 1980 starring Annie Girardot Philippe Noiret and Francis Perrin and directed by Philippe de Broca.
 October: Ten Days That Shook the World (Russian: Октябрь (Десять дней которые потрясли мир); translit. Oktyabr': Desyat' dney kotorye potryasli mir) is a 1928 Soviet silent propaganda film by Sergei Eisenstein and Grigori Aleksandrov sometimes referred to simply as October in English. It is a celebratory dramatization of the 1917 October Revolution. The title is taken from John Reed's book on the Revolution Ten Days That Shook The World.
 Arsène Lupin contra Sherlock Holmes is a 1910 German drama film serial directed by Viggo Larsen.
 Kalyanapittannu (English: The next day of Marriage) is a 1997 Malayalam romantic comedy film written by V. C. Ashok Directed by K. K. Haridas produced by Milan Jaleel and starring Mukesh Dileep Narendra Prasad and Priya Raman in lead roles.
 S Diary (Hangul: 에스 다이어리) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about a woman who decides to interrogate her past lovers about why their relationships failed - then hatches a plot to take revenge on them.On a dreary day Jini (Kim Sun-a) gets dumped by her boyfriend (Jang Hyuk) with the final note that he was only interested in making love to her but not in a lasting relationship. This triggers her curiosity about whether her past three lovers were also only after her sexual favors.
 Heimat is a 1938 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Zarah Leander Heinrich George and Ruth Hellberg. The film's melodramatic storyline portrays the return of a leading singer to her hometown where her father wishes her to settle down and marry. It is based on the 1893 play Heimat by Hermann Sudermann.
 Dual is a 2008 independent Western drama film. It was directed by Steven R. Monroe and written by and starring Michael Worth.
 Operation C.I.A. is a 1965 black-and-white spy thriller set in Saigon but filmed in Bangkok. It is Burt Reynolds' first lead role. The screenplay is by author Bill S. Ballinger who was writing a series of spy thrillers at the time. Allied Artists had previously filmed their A Yank in Viet-Nam on actual South Vietnamese locations but by 1965 the security situation had deteriorated to such an extent that the safety of the film makers could not be guaranteed.
 Funeral Home (also known as Cries in the Night) is a 1980 Canadian horror/thriller directed by William Fruet starring Lesleh Donaldson Kay Hawtrey Jack Van Evera Alf Humphreys and Harvey Atkin. Both Donaldson and Humphreys would later become cult favorites of the horror genre for the film[citation needed] and also Donaldson's roles in Happy Birthday to Me (1981) and Curtains (1983) and Humphreys in Death Weekend (1976) and My Bloody Valentine (1981).
 Comic Book Villains is a 2002 American film.
 Leptirica (Serbian Cyrillic: Лептирица translation The She-Butterfly) is a 1973 former Yugoslav horror TV movie based on the story After Ninety Years (1880) written by Serbian writer Milovan Glišić. Leptirica was the first Serbian horror movie and is considered one of the top Serbian and former Yugoslav horror films. The movie was filmed in a village Zelinje near the river Drina close to the city Zvornik.
 A Knight in London (German: Eine Nacht in London) is a 1929 British-German silent drama film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Lilian Harvey Ivy Duke and Robin Irvine. It was one of a significant number of co-productions between the two countries in the late 1920s. The film's direction and the cinematography by Karl Freund were widely praised.
 The Great St. Trinian's Train Robbery is a British film comedy set in the fictional St Trinian's School released in 1966 three years after the Great Train Robbery had taken place. It also parodies the technocratic ideas of the Harold Wilson government and its support of the comprehensive school system.Directed by Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat with a script by Sidney and Leslie Gilliat it was the fourth in a series of five St Trinian's films and the first of them to be made in colour.
 We've Never Been Licked (1943) is a World War II propaganda film produced by Walter Wanger and released by United Artists. Parts of the movie were shot on location at the Texas A&M University campus. Released in the UK under the title Texas to Tokyo; re-released in the US as Fighting Command.
 The Dead Eyes of London (German: Die toten Augen von London and also known as Dark Eyes of London) is a 1961 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Joachim Fuchsberger Karin Baal and Dieter Borsche. It is based on the 1924 novel The Dark Eyes of London by Edgar Wallace which had been previously adapted into the 1939 British film The Dark Eyes of London aka The Human Monster introducing a number of horror elements which had not been in the original book.
 Grace is a 2009 film written and directed by Paul Solet. It is based on the 2006 short film of the same name. The short film was used to obtain funding for the feature version. Michael Matheson (Stephen Park) and his pregnant wife Madeline (Jordan Ladd) are involved in a car accident. Michael dies and doctors tell Madeline that her unborn child is dead too. Madeline desperate after trying to have a child for years decides to carry her baby to term anyway.
 Color Me Obsessed which made its film festival debut in April 2011 is a rockumentary by Gorman Bechard about the legendary American alternative rock band The Replacements.
 Murari (Telugu: మురారి) is a 2001 Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamsi starring Mahesh Babu and Sonali Bendre. This was the first movie of stunt master Peter Hein who is the action director for this film. The film is considered as one of the classic in telugu cinema.The film was dubbed into Tamil with the same name due to Sonali Bendre's popularity there.
 Advantage Hart is a 2003 American short film directed by Jeff Seibenick.
 Rawhead Rex is a 1986 British/Irish horror film directed by George Pavlou and written by Clive Barker. The film is about a monstrous pagan god's bloody rampage through the Irish countryside and based on the short story by Clive Barker that originally appeared in vol. 3 of his Books of Blood series. Barker had previously worked on Transmutations (also known as Underworld).
 Trial by Jury is a 1994 American thriller film directed by Heywood Gould and starring Joanne Whalley Gabriel Byrne and Armand Assante.
 Spoilers of the North is a 1947 American film directed by Richard Sale and starring Paul Kelly Lorna Gray (billed as Adrian Booth) and Evelyn Ankers.
 Dirty Diaries is a 2009 collection of thirteen pornographic short films made by Swedish feminists and produced by Mia Engberg. The individual films are highly diverse in content although many of them feature humour and different forms of queer sex.
 Children of Pleasure is a 1930 American MGM musical comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont originally released with Technicolor sequences. It was adapted from Crane Wilbur's stage success of 1929 The Song Writer.
 80 Degrees East of Birdland (Norwegian: 80 grader aust for Birdland) is a 2000 Norwegian short film directed by Sølvi A. Lindseth. It follows an American Jazz ensemble as they get stranded on a farm in rural Norway. The old man who lives there believes they have come to take him away to a retirement home.
 Dakan (Destiny) is a 1997 French/Guinean drama film written and directed by Mohamed Camara. It premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. Telling the story of two young men struggling with their love for each other it has been described as the first West African feature film to deal with homosexuality.
 BattleGround: 21 Days on the Empire's Edge was released in 2004 and received the Silver Hugo Award for documentaries at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival. It aired on Showtime and was released on DVD by Home Vision. The film follows the story of Frank al-Bayati a former Shiite guerrilla traveling back to Iraq for the first time since the 1991 uprising against Saddam Hussein. Al-Bayati was wounded captured tortured and then escaped.
 La presidenta municipal (The Municipal President) is a 1975 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco Adalberto Martínez Resortes and Pancho Córdova. The film was shot at Tlayacapan Morelos Mexico.
 Vithagan is an Tamil action film directed by R. Parthiban that features himself in the lead along with Poorna. The film which has been in making since 2008 released on 18 November 2011 as per schedule. 'Vithagan' which also happens to be the 50th film of Parthipan has him in the role of a police officer who is brainy as well as brawny. With an innovative tagline 'With the gun' 'Vithagan' has Poorna as heroine and music has been composed by Joshua Sridhar of 'Kadhal' fame.
 The Last Outlaw is a 1980 mini series based on the life of Ned Kelly. It was shot from February to May 1980.
 Madame Aema (애마부인 - Aema buin; also known as Mrs. Emma) is a 1982 South Korean film. A box-office hit it was one of only two films to sell more than 100000 tickets in Seoul during the year of 1982.
 Forgotten Ellis Island is a documentary film directed by Lorie Conway and narrated by Elliott Gould. A book of the same name by Lorie Conway designed by Judith Stagnitto Abbate was published by Smithsonian Books in 2007. The film took 9 years to produce and was supported by three grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities. It portrays the story of the Ellis Island Immigrant Hospital. The work premiered on the Public Broadcasting Service on February 9 2009.
 Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen is a stand-up comedy concert film featuring big name talents before they reached stardom including Tim Allen Chris Rock and Bill Hicks. It was created and produced by Stuart S. Shapiro after the cult success of his film Mondo New York. The performances were shot on film instead of on tape like most comedy shows of the time. Island Films (an offshoot of Chris Blackwell's Island Records) intended to run Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen in theaters and not on cable TV.
 Toss (Hindi: टॉस) is a 2009 Bollywood Hindi movie directed by Ramesh Khatkar.Toss is VJ Rannvijay Singh's debut film and the second film starring Prashant Raj who was previously seen in as Raj in Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag.
 The Troubled Month of Veresen is a 1976 Ukrainian drama. The film which was produced at the Dovzhenko Film Studios.
 There Goes the Groom is a 1937 Screwball comedy film directed by Joseph Santley starring Ann Sothern and Burgess Meredith. This was Burgess Meredith's second film and his first screen comedy. His first Winterset (1936) had been a serious romantic drama.
 Annum Innum Ennum (English: Then Now and Forever) is a 2013 Malayalam film directed and scripted by Rajesh Nair starring Nishan Jishnu Siddique Fareisa Joemmanbaks Tashu Kaushik and Radhika. Produced by Usha Rajesh under the Vaya Films banner the film was shot mostly from Trivandrum.
 Sorekara (それから lit. And Then) is a 1985 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita based on the novel by Natsume Sōseki.
 Till There Was You is a 2003 Filipino romantic drama film directed by Joyce E. Bernal and starring Judy Ann Santos and Piolo Pascual. This is their 3rd blockbuster hit movie.
 Der Fackelträger is an East German film directed by Johannes Knittel. It was released in 1957.
 High Noon Part II: The Return of Will Kane is the 1980 made-for television sequel to the classic 1952 Western film High Noon. It starred Lee Majors in the title role as well as David Carradine and Pernell Roberts. It first aired on CBS on November 15 1980 in a two-hour time-slot. The film's screenplay was written by famed crime novelist Elmore Leonard.
 Hrubeš a Mareš jsou kamarádi do deště is a Czech comedy film directed by Vladimír Morávek. It was released in 2005.
 Torture Money is a 1937 American short crime film directed by Harold S. Bucquet. It won an Academy Award in 1938 for Best Short Subject (Color).
 Love For Sale is a 2008 romantic comedy film starring Jackie Long Jason Weaver Mýa and Melyssa Ford. The film was directed by Russ Parr and released to DVD on October 21 2008.
 Sparrows is a 1926 American silent film about a young woman who rescues a baby from kidnappers. The film (originally titled Scraps) starred and was produced by Mary Pickford.
 Daniel & Ana is a 2009 Mexican drama-thriller film directed by Michel Franco. It had its world premiere on May 18 2009 at the Cannes Film Festival and stars Dario Yazbek Bernal and Marimar Vega. The movie follows two siblings that are kidnapped and forced to have sex on camera as well as the emotional trauma that follows afterwards.
 Formula 17 (17歲的天空 pinyin: shí qī suì de tiān kōng) is a 2004 film which was directed by Chen Yin-jung (陳映蓉). It stars Tony Yang (楊佑寧) Duncan (周群達) King Chin (金勤) Dada Ji (季宏全) Jimmy Yang (楊俊明) and Jason Chang (張大鏞). It is a gay romantic comedy film about Chou T'ien-Tsai a romantic Taiwanese male who takes a trip to visit an online boyfriend in person for the first time.
 Best Seller is a 1987 crime film written by Larry Cohen directed by John Flynn and starring James Woods and Brian Dennehy. The film tells the story of Cleve (Woods) a career hitman who wants to turn his life story into a book written by Dennis Meechum (Dennehy) a veteran police officer and best-selling author.
 The Ghost of Frankenstein is an American monster horror film released in 1942. The movie is the fourth in a series of films produced by Universal Studios based upon characters in Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein and features Lon Chaney Jr. as the Monster taking over from Boris Karloff who played the role in the first three films of the series and Béla Lugosi in his second appearance as the demented Ygor.
 The Strange World of Coffin Joe (Portuguese: O Estranho Mundo de Zé do Caixão) is a 1968 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins who is known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe). The film is a collection of three short films titled O Fabricante de Bonecas (The Dollmaker) Tara (Obsession) and Ideologia (Theory).
 Vergine e di nome Maria (Virgin and Called Mary) is a 1975 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Sergio Nasca. A few days after its first release it was confiscated for contempt of religion; it was subsequently re-edited and redistributed under the title Malía.
 Very Mean Men is a 2000 American crime-comedy film directed by Tony Vitale.It entered the competition at 2000 Seattle International Film Festival in which won the New American Cinema Award for best editing.
 Ladies and Gentlemen is an upcoming Hindi romance comedy film produced and directed by Rajkumar Santoshi under his new banner named after his mother Rajam Santoshi. It will star supercouple Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan in lead roles. This will be the eighth time the couple is coming together on-screen and their first rom-com together. The movie was set go on floors in the first week of July but has been postponed due to Rai's pregnancy.
 Beck – Sista vittnet is a 2002 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Taj Mahal is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941 and had Nazir and Suraiya in pivotal roles.
 The Chocolate Soldier is a 1941 American musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth.
 Double Team is a 1997 American action film directed by Tsui Hark in his American directorial debut and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Dennis Rodman and Mickey Rourke. Van Damme plays counter-terrorist agent Jack Quinn who is assigned to bring an elusive terrorist known as Stavros to justice. Things become personal when Stavros kidnaps Quinn's pregnant wife after his own lover and child were killed in an assassination attempt that went awry.
 Dirty Heroes also known as From Hell to Victory and Heroes Five (Italian: Dalle Ardenne all'inferno) is a 1967 Italian macaroni combat war film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Frederick Stafford.
 Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo (Dr. Jekyll and the Wolfman) also known as Dr. Jekyll and the Werewolf is a 1971 Spanish horror film the sixth in the series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky played by Paul Naschy. It was followed by a sequel El retorno de Walpurgis.
 Kallu (English: Eyes) is a 1988 Telugu neo realistic film based on the live's of blind people written by Gollapudi Maruti Rao and directed by M. V. Raghu. The film won the Nandi Award for Best Feature Film (bronze) and Filmfare Award for Best Director – Telugu The film was showcased at the Indian panorama section of the International Film Festival of India. The film has garnered thirty awards and has garnered special mention from the CBFC Jury.
 Minamata: The Victims and Their World (水俣 患者さんとその世界 Minamata: Kanja-san to sono sekai) is a Japanese documentary made in 1971 by Noriaki Tsuchimoto. It is the first in a series of independent documentaries that Tsuchimoto made of the mercury poisoning incident in Minamata Japan.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (遊☆戯☆王 Yū-Gi-Ō! lit. Game King) is a 30-minute film produced by Toei Animation based on the TV series of the same name. It was first shown in theaters on March 6 1999. The movie is about a boy named Shogo Aoyama who is too timid to duel even after he got a powerful rare card the legendary Red-Eyes Black Dragon in his Deck.
 Night Flight from Moscow (also known as Le Serpent) is a French thriller made in 1973. It was produced and directed by Henri Verneuil. The score was written by Ennio Morricone.
 The Girl and Her Trust is a 1912 American film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Dad for a Day is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 184th Our Gang short (185th episode 96th talking short 97th talking episode and 16th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Jhuthi Sharm is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Mohan Dayaram Bhavnani. It stars Trilok Kapoor. Produced by Mohan Dayaram Bhavnani's production company the film is an adaption of Henrik Ibsen's 1881 play Ghosts. The title means Naked Truth in Hindi.
 Dwando (English: The conflict) is a 2009 Bengali film. The film was directed by Suman Ghosh. According to Telegraph review the film is inspired by Krzysztof Kieslowski’s Decalogue II. This was Suman Ghosh's second film after Podokkhep.
 The Witches Cave (Russian: Подземелье ведьм) was a 1989 science fiction fantasy film from Gorky Film Studio USSR and Barrandov Studios Czechoslovakia. The script was written by Kir Bulychov based upon his own story and directed by Yuri Moroz. The cast featured Sergei Zhigunov as Andrei Bruce Marina Levtova as Belogurochka Dmitri Pevtsov as Oktin Khash and Nikolai Karachentsov as cosmolinguist Jean.
 The Green Swamp is a 1916 silent drama starring Bessie Barriscale and written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
 Sri Krishna Leelalu (Telugu: శ్రీ కృష్ణ లీలలు) is a 1935 Telugu film. Famous music director Saluri Rajeswara Rao played the role of Bala Krishna.
 The Man-Eater (Italian: La donna lupo also known as Maneater) is a 1999 Italian erotic drama film written and directed by Aurelio Grimaldi.
 My Friend Ivan Lapshin (Russian: Мой друг Иван Лапшин) is a 1984 Soviet criminal drama film directed by Aleksei German and produced by Lenfilm. Based on a novel by Yuri German adapted by Eduard Volodarsky. Music composed by Arkadi Gagulashvili sound by Nikolai Astakhov. Cinematography by Valeri Fedosov film editing by Leda Semyonova. Narrated by Valeri Kuzin.
 La Traversée de Paris French: The Trip Across Paris is a French comedy drama film from 1956 directed by Claude Autant-Lara written by Marcel Aymé starring Jean Gabin Bourvil and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles: Four Bags Full (USA) Pig Across Paris (UK) The Trip Across Paris (International English title).
 Grandi magazzini is a 1986 Italian anthology-comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo.
 Yo quiero ser tonta (I Want to be a Fool) is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Mottige Janus is a 1922 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 The Karate Killers is a 1967 feature length film version of The Man from U.N.C.L.E.’s third season two-part episode The Five Daughters Affair. The episodes were originally broadcast in the United States on March 31 1967 and April 7 1967 on NBC. It as does the television series stars Robert Vaughn and David McCallum. It is the sixth such feature film that used as its basis a reedited version of one or more episodes from the series.
 Treachery is an upcoming film written and directed by Travis Romero and starring Michael Biehn.
 Gamera vs. Viras (ガメラ対宇宙怪獣バイラス Gamera Tai Uchū Kaijū Bairasu Gamera Versus Space Monster Viras released in the U.S. as Destroy All Planets) is the fourth entry in the original Gamera film series.
 Swati Mutyam (Telugu: స్వాతిముత్యం; English: Pearl) was a 1986 Telugu Film written and directed by K. Viswanath. The film stars Kamal Haasan and Raadhika in the lead roles. The movie won accolades at Asia Pacific Film Festival in both Best Film and Best Actor categories. The movie was later dubbed into Tamil as Sippikul Muthu.
 En sømand går i land is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 The Romany is a 1923 British silent adventure film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Victor McLaglen Irene Norman and Harvey Braban.
 Return to Halloweentown (also known as Halloweentown IV: Witch U.) is a Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on October 20 2006. It is the fourth installment in the Halloweentown series. In this sequel Marnie Piper (Sara Paxton) and her brother Dylan Piper (Joey Zimmerman) go to Witch University to attend college in Halloweentown. While at college dark forces try to control her magic. The premiere scored 7.8 million viewers. The DVD was released on August 28 2007.
 Right to Love is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice. It stars Mae Murray David Powell and Holmes Herbert. The film is based on the French novel L'Homme qui assassina by Claude Farrère and the play of the same name by Pierre Frondaie. A copy of the film is preserved in the Nederlands Filmmuseum.
 Dealing Dogs is a 2006 documentary film created by animal rights group Last Chance for Animals (LCA) about animal welfare in the United States specifically about the marketing and sale of dogs to veterinarian schools and research labs.The film was a 2007 Emmy Nominee for Best Cable Documentary and for Outstanding Investigative Journalism - Long Form and won a 2007 Genesis Award for Outstanding Cable Documentary.
 Out of Syllabus is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.
 Saadaram (also spelled as Sadaram) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Jose Thomas and stars Suresh Gopi Lalu Alex Geetha Suvarna Mathew Chithra Sreenath Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Sukumari main roles. The script was written by A. K. Lohithadas. This film was a big flop at box office.
 The Idle Vassal: House of the Snake Princess (旗本退屈男　謎の蛇姫屋敷 Hatamoto Taikutsuotoko: Nazo no Hebihime-Yashiki) is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Yasushi Sasaki.It is a samurai film about Hatamoto Taikutsuotoko (旗本退屈男).
 Timeline is a 2003 science fiction adventure film directed by Richard Donner based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. A team of present-day archaeologists are sent back in time to rescue their professor from medieval France in the middle of a battle.
 Shaukeen is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Basu Chatterjee starring Ashok Kumar Utpal Dutt A.K. Hangal Rati Agnihotri and Mithun Chakraborty
 Cavalcade is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Sanctuary is a re-mixable science fiction film which in 2005 became the first production to sign professional union actors to Creative Commons licensing terms. It is set in Head Bin a fiction universe created by MOD Films for their remixable movie experiment.The film was completed in 2009. Most production assets including principal photography shot on 35mm film and digitised have been cleared for free-for-non-commercial use.
 Nasu: Summer in Andalusia (茄子 アンダルシアの夏 Nasu: Andarushia no Natsu) is a 2003 Japanese anime film by Madhouse directed by Kitarō Kōsaka the famed animation supervisor of the Oscar-winning anime film Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke and long-time collaborator of Studio Ghibli and adapted from a short 3-tankōbon manga by Iō Kuroda entitled Nasu which was serialized in the Afternoon manga magazine.Kōsaka became interested in adapting the work after his long-time collaborator Hayao Miyazaki a fan of cycling himself recommended the manga to Kōsaka. 
 A State of Mind is a 2004 documentary film directed by Daniel Gordon and produced by Nicholas Bonner. The film follows two North Korean child gymnasts and their families for over eight months during training for the 2003 Pyongyang mass games. The film won two awards at the North Korean Pyongyang International Film Festival in 2004 and was shown at 11 other film festivals worldwide before being released in a theatrical run in 2005.
 Bhagwan Parshuram is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Babubhai Mistry. The film stars Helen.
 Azumi 2: Death or Love (あずみ2 Death or Love Azumi Tsū Desu oa Rabu) is the sequel to the Japanese film Azumi based on the manga series by Yū Koyama.
 The Stoneman Murders is a 2009 Indian film based on the real life Stoneman serial killings that made headlines in the early 1980s in Bombay. The hapless victims of the mystery killer who was never caught were footpath dwellers in Bombay. They were stoned to death in their sleep. The movie weaves fiction around reality in an attempt to provide answers to the questions around the case. The Stoneman Murders was director Manish Gupta's first full-length feature film.
 Graveyard Keeper's Daughter (Estonian: Surnuaiavahi tütar) is a 2011 Estonian drama film written and directed by Katrin Laur.
 Sorgam (Tamil: சொர்க்கம்; English: Heaven) is a 1970 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan Balaji Nagesh Manohar and K. R. Vijaya in the lead roles. The film was written by Sakthi T. K. Krishnasamy and directed by T. R. Ramanna. It was a great success and ran for over 100 days in theaters.
 Thavory Meas Bong (ថាវរីមាសបង)is a Cambodian melodramatic film of the late 1960s directed by Uon Kon Thuok of Korng Chak Pheap Yun. The film stars Kong Som Oeurn Saom Vansodany Vichara Dany and So Hean.
 Flower Drum Song is a 1961 film adaptation of the 1958 Broadway musical Flower Drum Song written by the composer Richard Rodgers and the lyricist/librettist Oscar Hammerstein II. The film and stage play were based on the 1957 novel of the same name by the Chinese American author C. Y. Lee.
 The Castle of Cagliostro (Japanese: ルパン三世 カリオストロの城 Hepburn: Rupan Sansei: Kariosutoro no Shiro Lupin the Third: Castle of Cagliostro) is a 1979 Japanese animated film co-written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is the second film featuring Monkey Punch's master thief Arsène Lupin III from his manga series Lupin III.
 Hvězda zvaná Pelyněk (English: The Star Called Wormwood) is a 1964 Czech drama film written and directed by Martin Frič. It depicts the events of 1918 mutiny of Czech soldiers serving in the Austro-Hungarian army in Rumburk garrison.
 Arranged (2007) is an independent feature film produced by Cicala Filmworks. The film was written by Stefan Schaefer and is based in part on the story of Rochel Silverman an Orthodox Jewish woman from Borough Park Brooklyn and her friendship with a young Muslim woman. Schaefer co-directed and produced the film with his long-time collaborator Diane Crespo.
 Bilut is a 2006 Malaysian historical film written by Tengku Adrian Ismail (TAd) and directed by Badaruddin Azmi (Bade Hj Azmi).
 Ringo the Lone Rider (Spanish: Dos hombres van a morir Italian: Ringo il cavaliere solitario) is a 1968 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti western film directed by Rafael Romero Marchent.
 When the Daltons Rode is a 1940 American Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Randolph Scott Kay Francis and Brian Donlevy. Based on the book When the Daltons Rode by Emmett Dalton the sole surviving real-life gang member and Jack Jungmeyer the film is about a family friend of the Daltons who tries to dissuade them from becoming outlaws.
 Laughing Gas is a 1914 film starring Charlie Chaplin. The film is also known as Busy Little Dentist Down and Out Laffing Gas The Dentist and Tuning His Ivories.
 Harjaee (meaning disloyal unfaithful) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Behl. It stars Shammi Kapoor Mala Sinha Randhir Kapoor and Tina Munim in pivotal roles.
 Mr & Mrs 420 is a punjabi comedy film directed by Ksshitij Chaudhary and starring Yuvraj Hans Jassi Gill Babbal Rai Binnu Dhillon and Jaswinder Bhalla in lead roles. It was released worldwide on 14 March 2014.Plot
 The Flying Matchmaker (also: Two Kuni Lemel Shnei Kuni Leml or שני קוני למל) is a 1966 Israeli film musical directed by Israel Becker. The story is based on the 1880 Yiddish play Di tsvey Kuni-lemels by Abraham Goldfaden. The film was the first major success on screen for lead actor Mike Burstyn who has a double role as Kuni Leml and his cousin Max and also casts his father Pesach Burstein in a small role.
 The Flying Scot is a 1957 British crime film directed by Compton Bennett and starring Lee Patterson Kay Callard and Alan Gifford.
 The Raven is a stylized silent 1915 film biography of Edgar Allan Poe starring Henry B. Walthall as Poe. The film was written and directed by Charles Brabin from a novel and play by George Cochran Hazelton.
 Chaos is a 2005 American thriller film directed by Tony Giglio and starring Jason Statham Ryan Phillippe and Wesley Snipes. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on February 19 2008.
 Lotte and the Moonstone Secret (Estonian: Lotte ja kuukivi saladus) is a 2011 Estonian animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma.
 Dream Team is a 2003 gay pornographic film produced by Blue Pictures and directed by M. Max. In this porn flick Alan and other Brazilian football (soccer) teammates play different rules of soccer. One team can score a goal so the other team loses an article of clothing. In one game all players are wearing only brief swimsuits and then end up playing the game naked. After the game is over with goals men are hitting off together.
 L'homme à la tête de caoutchouc (The Man With The Rubber Head) is a 1901 silent French fantasy film directed by Georges Méliès. It was filmed in 1901 and released in 1901.
 A Thief in Paradise (1925) is a silent film produced by Samuel Goldwyn directed by George Fitzmaurice and adapted by Frances Marion from Leonard Merrick's novel The Worldlings (1900). The film is now considered a lost film.
 Knight Rider is a 2008 television film which was created to serve as a backdoor pilot for the new Knight Rider television series a revival of the series of the same name which aired during the 1980s. This film does not refer to either the Knight Rider 2000 film or the Team Knight Rider television series.
 The Return of Swamp Thing is a sci-fi-comedy film released in 1989 and directed by Jim Wynorski. It is based on the DC Comics (later Vertigo Comics) title Swamp Thing and is a sequel to the 1982 horror film Swamp Thing directed by Wes Craven; however it had a lighter tone than the previous film. The film's main title montage consists of comic book covers set to Creedence Clearwater Revival's Born on the Bayou.
 The Flying Torpedo is a lost 1916 silent film drama produced by Fine Arts Film Company and released by the Triangle Film Corporation. It was directed by John B. O'Brien and Christy Cabanne. The film stars John Emerson usually a movie director and in an early appearance young ingenue Bessie Love. Similar in theme to the comedy The Mystery of the Leaping Fish made a few films later with Love in the cast this film is a straight out drama more in tune with the mad scientist films of the 1930s.
 Kaiyoppu (Malayalam: കയ്യൊപ്പ്; English: Signature) is a 2007 Malayalam film written by noted writer Ambikasuthan Mangad. The film was produced and directed by Ranjith and stars Mammootty Kushboo and Mukesh. This film is considered as one of the best from Ranjith and was critically acclaimed.
 Vampire Stories Brothers (ヴァンパイア・ストーリーズ　BROTHERS) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Hikaru Gotō.
 Once Upon a Time in Mexico is a 2003 American action film written produced edited cinematographied scored and directed by Robert Rodriguez. It is the third and final film in Rodriguez's Mexico Trilogy and is a sequel to El Mariachi (1992) and Desperado (1995). The film features Antonio Banderas in his second and final performance as El Mariachi.
 The Sixth Battalion is a 1998 documentary film that examines the history of Jewish soldiers who fought for the Slovak Republic which was closely aligned with Nazi Germany during World War II. The documentary combines interviews with archival footage and photographs of the Slovak Republic in order to provide a brief history of the state exploring the rise of antisemitism and how it affected these Jewish soldiers.
 Ninth Street is a 1999 black-and-white drama written by Kevin Willmott.The movie is rated R by the MPAA for language a scene of sexuality and some violent content. Filmed in the USA the movie was primarily released in English.
 Hands Up or I'll Shoot (German: Hände hoch oder ich schieße) is an East German crime comedy film directed by Hans-Joachim Kasprzik who wrote the script along with Rudi Strahl. Rolf Herricht starred as officer Holms.The picture was filmed in 1965 but in 1966 censors refused to allow it to be screened and therefore post-production ceased. Hands Up or I'll Shoot was only completed and distributed in 2009 making it the last East German film to be released.
 Nancy Drew is a 2007 American film loosely based on the popular series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective. It stars Emma Roberts as Nancy Drew Max Thieriot as Ned Kay Panabaker as George and Amy Bruckner as Bess Marvin. The film was rated PG by the MPAA for mild violence thematic elements and brief language. Set in Los Angeles it was directed by Andrew Fleming.Critics' reactions were mixed with the general thought of it being refreshing.
 Sneha Sedu (Kannada: ಸ್ನೇಹ ಸೇಡು) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring Vishnuvardhan Ambareesh and Manjula in lead roles. The supporting cast features Vajramuni Narasimharaju Balakrishna and Chindodi Leela.
 The Blue Eagle is a 1926 American action film directed by John Ford. Prints of the film exist in the Library of Congress film archive and in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Rainbow Valley is a 1935 American Western film released by Monogram Pictures written by Lindsley Parsons directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne.
 Twilight Theater (Also known as Steve Martin's Twilight Theater) was a short lived 1982 American comedy show created by Steve Martin.
 The Truth of Lie (Die Wahrheit der Lüge) is a German psycho-thriller directed by Roland Reber. It was released in 2012.
 Kung Fury is an upcoming Swedish martial arts comedy film written and directed by and starring David Sandberg. It is an homage to 1980s martial arts and police action films. The film was crowdfunded through Kickstarter with pledges reaching US$630019 exceeding the original target goal of US$200000 but falling short of the feature film goal of US$1 million.
 Mayhem on a Sunday Afternoon was the last of three documentaries William Friedkin made for producer David Wolper. It concerned the world of pro football.
 Stomp the Yard is a 2007 drama and dance film produced by Rainforest Films and released through Sony Pictures' Screen Gems division on January 12 2007. Directed by Sylvain White Stomp the Yard centers around DJ Williams a college student at a fictional historically Black university who pledges to join a fictional Greek-letter fraternity. The film's central conflict involves DJ's fraternity competing in various stepping competitions against a rival fraternity from the same school.
 The Legend of Galgameth is a 1996 Romanian/American children's film and the first feature film project directed by television and film producer/actor Sean McNamara. The film stars Devin Neil Oatway Johna Stewart and Stephen Macht. The movie's script was written by Sang-ok Shin and is a loose remake of his 1985 Godzilla-inspired film Pulgasari which he had directed while being held in North Korea.
 Requiem is a 1982 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 The Girl with the Whip (German:Das Mädel mit der Peitsche) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Anny Ondra Werner Fuetterer and Sig Arno. The film's art direction was by Heinrich Richter. It was based on a play by Hans H. Zerlett.
 Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl (吸血少女対少女フランケン Kyūketsu Shōjo tai Shōjo Furanken) is a 2009 Japanese gore film. It was directed by Yoshihiro Nishimura and Naoyuki Tomomatsu and premiered at the New York Asian Film Festival in June 2009. It is based on a manga of the same name by Shungiku Uchida.
 A Lively Christmas Eve (German: Ach du fröhliche...; literally Oh You Merry One...) is an East German comedy Christmas film directed by Günter Reisch. It was released in 1962.
 Indriyam is a 2000 Indian Malayalam horror film directed by George Kithu. The film is about a group of college friends who go into a haunted forest with Nishanth Sagar Boban Alamudan Lena Vikram and Vani Viswanath appearing amongst others in the cast. It was dubbed and released in Tamil as Manthira Kottai in December 2000 shortly after the success of Sethu in which Vikram had featured.
 Finders Keepers is a 1921 western silent film based on a book by Robert Ames Bennett and directed by Otis B. Thayer starring Edmund Cobb and Violet Mersereau. The film was shot in Denver Colorado by the Thayer's Art-O-Graf film company.
 Sati Tulasi (Telugu: సతీ తులసి) is a 1936 Telugu film directed by Chitrapu Narasimha Rao.
 Hum Bhi Insaan Hain (English: I am a Human too) is 1948 Bollywood film directed by Phani Majumdar and starring Dev Anand Ramala Devi and Amir Banu. It was a success at the box office.
 Life Is a Long Quiet River (French: La vie est un long fleuve tranquille) is a French comedy by Étienne Chatiliez of 1988.
 Nachavule (Telugu: నచ్చావులే) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Ravi Babu and produced by Ramoji Rao. The film starred Tanishand Madhavi Latha in the lead roles.
 G.I. Joe is a series of military science fiction action films based on Hasbro's G.I. Joe toy comic and media franchises. Development for the first film began in 2003 but when the United States launched the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 Hasbro suggested adapting the Transformers instead. In 2009 the first film was released under the title G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. A second film G.I. Joe: Retaliation was released in 2013.
 For Whom the Bell Tolls is a 1943 American film produced and directed by Sam Wood and starring Gary Cooper Ingrid Bergman Akim Tamiroff and Joseph Calleia.
 The Red Meadows (Danish: De røde enge) is a 1945 Danish war drama directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. The film starring Poul Reichhardt and Lisbeth Movin is a suspense tale revolving around the memories of a Danish saboteur as he awaits his execution in a German war-time prison. Filmed in Denmark only months after the end of the German occupation during WWII Red Meadows was a tribute to the Danish resistance fighters.
 The Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb is a 1993 stop-motion animated film made by bolexbrothers and funded by the BBC La Sept producer Richard Hutchinson and Manga Entertainment which also distributed the film on video. Though it draws its title character from the fairy tale Tom Thumb the story and setting is substantially different depicting Tom as a fetus-like child living in a grim and squalid urban environment.
 Blue Car is a 2002 drama film directed and written by Karen Moncrieff. It was her first film that she had directed and written.
 The Fire Detective is a 1929 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and Thomas Storey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Casper is a 1995 American family comedy fantasy film starring Christina Ricci Bill Pullman Cathy Moriarty Eric Idle and Amy Brenneman based on the Casper the Friendly Ghost comic books and animated cartoons. The ghosts featured in the film were created through computer-generated imagery.
 Les Raisins de La Mort (English title: The Grapes of Death) is a 1978 French horror film directed by Jean Rollin. It centres on a young woman who becomes trapped in a village where a dangerous pesticide has turned the residents into zombies.
 Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire is a 2000 comedy horror that aired as a Disney Channel Original Movie.
 Girl Clock! is a 2010 Australian comedy.
 Stout Hearts and Willing Hands is a 1931 short comedy film directed by Bryan Foy. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1932 for Best Short Subject (Comedy) but was disqualified.
 Mithunam (Malayalam: മിഥുനം English: Mithunam refers to a month in the Malayalam calendar) is a 1993 Malayalam satirical film directed by Priyadarshan written by Sreenivasan and starring Mohanlal and Urvashi in the lead roles. The film was produced by Mohanlal under the banner of Pranavam Arts and was distributed by Pranamam Pictures. And the music was composed by M. G. Radhakrishnan.It was released along with Suresh Gopi's Ekalavyan. The movie got positive reviews.
 National Lampoon's Senior Trip is a 1995 American teen comedy film directed by Kelly Makin and is also Jeremy Renner's film debut.
 Vellaripravinte Changathi (Malayalam: വെള്ളരിപ്രാവിന്റെ ചങ്ങാതി) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Akku Akbar starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles. The film is loosely based on the famous Sulekha murder case.
 A Woman Is a Woman (French: Une femme est une femme) is a 1961 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard featuring Anna Karina Jean-Paul Belmondo and Jean-Claude Brialy. It is a tribute to American musical comedy and associated with the French New Wave. It is notable for being the first film Jean-Luc Godard shot in color and Cinemascope.
 Don Cesare di Bazan is a 1942 Italian historical adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Gino Cervi Anneliese Uhlig and Paolo Stoppa. The film is set during the Catalan Revolt of the Seventeenth Century. It is based on a play by Philippe Dumanoir and Adolphe d'Ennery. It marked the directoral debut of Freda who went on to be a leading commercial Italian filmmaker.
 Ang Sugo or The Last Messenger (international title) is a upcoming 2014 epic historical biographical film dramatising the life of Felix Ysagun Manalo the first Executive Minister of the Iglesia Ni Cristo (INC). Manalo is regarded by the members of the Iglesia ni Cristo as the last prophet of God and restorer of the true church whom they call Sugo (Tagalog messenger or envoy).
 The Expert is a 1995 action film about an ex-special forces trainer who decides to exact revenge on the murderer of his sister Jenny Lomax after his death sentence is commuted. The film was directed by Rick Avery and William Lustig and stars Jeff Speakman Jim Varney and James Brolin.
 Gaily Gaily (released in the United Kingdom as Chicago Chicago) is a 1969 American comedy film directed by Norman Jewison. It is based on the autobiographical novel by Ben Hecht and stars Beau Bridges Melina Mercouri Brian Keith and George Kennedy.
 The Clique is a 2008 direct-to-DVD film directed by Michael Lembeck based on the popular teen novel series by author Lisi Harrison. The film was produced through Alloy Entertainment and released through Tyra Banks' company Bankable Productions.Filming began in February 2008 in Rhode Island and ended in March 2008.
 Paradesi (Malayalam: പരദേശി meaning: foreigner) is a 2007 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by P. T.
 Disturbia is a 2007 American teen thriller slasher film that is partly inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window directed by D. J. Caruso. It stars Shia LaBeouf David Morse Sarah Roemer and Carrie-Anne Moss. It was released on April 13 2007.
 Laila Majnu is a 1962 Malayalam language romance film directed by P. Bhaskaran and starring Prem Nazir L. Vijayalakshmi Sathyan Thikkurissi T. S. Muthiah Chandni Adoor Bhasi and Kodungalloor Ammini Amma. It was the first Malayalam version of the classic Sufi legend filmed extensively in Hindi and other South Indian languages. The film's acclaimed music is composed by Baburaj. Egyptian dancer Laila appeared in one of the songs.
 Spring Forward is a 2000 film and the directorial debut of Tom Gilroy starring Ned Beatty Liev Schreiber and Campbell Scott. Shot in sequence over the course of one year it was the first film released by IFC Films the Independent Film Channel's film production and distribution company.MPAA Rating: R for language and some drug content.
 Hex is a 1973 American horror film filmed on Cheyenne River Indian Reservation starring Keith Carradine Dan Haggerty Gary Busey Hillarie Thompson and Christina Raines (billed as Tina Herazo). The film was initially publicized under the title Grass Land.
 Themroc is a 1973 French film by director Claude Faraldo. It was produced by François de Lannurien and Helène Vager and its original music was composed by Harald Maury. Made on a low budget with no intelligible dialog Themroc tells the story of a French blue collar worker who rebels against modern society reverting into an urban caveman. The film's scenes of incest and cannibalism earned it adults-only ratings.
 Robotech 3000 was Harmony Gold's attempt to revive the Robotech franchise before the turn of the millennium. After the relative success of Voltron: The Third Dimension and Roughnecks: Starship Troopers Chronicles a new Robotech sequel was proposed that would use 3D CG visuals with producer Jason Netter and writer Carl Macek at the helm.
 Jack Falls is a British independent feature film starring Simon Phillips Jason Flemying Dexter Fletcher Alan Ford Adam Deacon Martin Kemp Tamer Hassan Olivia Hallinan Doug Bradley Jing Lusi and Zach Galligan and the third installment in the Jack Says Trilogy the first ever British film trilogy according to the British Film Institute.
 A Dear Fool is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring George K. Arthur Edna Flugrath and Edward O'Neill. It was based on a novel by Arthur T. Mason. An ambitious young Fleet Street reporter is sent to discover the identiy of a reclusive new playwright.
 Seven Chances is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by and starring Buster Keaton based on a play written by Roi Cooper Megrue produced in 1916 by David Belasco. Additional cast members include T. Roy Barnes Snitz Edwards and Ruth Dwyer. Jean Arthur a future star has an uncredited supporting role. The film's opening scenes were shot in early Technicolor and this rare color footage still survives on the Kino International special edition DVD print.
 Under Age is a 1964 black-and-white film written and directed by Larry Buchanan. The melodramatic plot revolves around a woman from Dallas where the film was made who goes on trial charged with encouraging her 14-year-old daughter to have sex with a 16-year-old Mexican boy.
 Krakatit is a 1948 Czechoslovak science fiction mystery film directed by Otakar Vávra starring Karel Höger as a chemist who suffers from delirium and regret after inventing a powerful explosive. The film is based on Karel Čapek's novel with the same title written in 1922. The name is derived from the volcano Krakatoa.
 Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run is a 2006 computer-animated short film from Sony Pictures Animation. As a spin-off of the animated movie Open Season Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run was released on the Open Season DVD and Blu-ray on January 30 2007.
 Mazurka der Liebe is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 I Give It a Year is a 2013 British comedy film written and directed by Dan Mazer and starring Rose Byrne Rafe Spall Anna Faris and Simon Baker. The film was based and filmed in London and was released on 8 February 2013.I Give It a Year was Mazer's directorial debut. He was previously been best known for co-writing the Sacha Baron Cohen films Borat and Brüno.
 Clowns Spinning Hats is a black-and-white silent film featuring clowns throwing hats back and forth to each other. It was written and produced by Lubin Films and released April 7 1900.
 To Sleep Next To Her (Italian: Volevo solo dormirle addosso) is a 2004 Italian drama film directed by Eugenio Cappuccio. It entered the Midnight section at the 61st Venice International Film Festival.
 Election (literal title: Black Society a common Cantonese reference to the triads) is a 2005 Hong Kong crime film directed by Johnnie To. Featuring a large ensemble cast the film stars Simon Yam and Tony Leung Ka-fai as two gang leaders engaged in a power struggle to become the new leader of a Hong Kong triad.The film premiered as an Official Selection at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival before being released in Hong Kong on 20 October 2005 with a Category III rating.
 Follow Me Quietly is a 1949 semidocumentary film noir directed by Richard Fleischer with support from Anthony Mann in an uncredited position. The drama features William Lundigan Dorothy Patrick Jeff Corey and others.
 The Tree That Remembers is a 2002 animated documentary by Iranian filmmaker Masoud Raouf exploring the lives of former political prisoners like himself who had been active in the democratic movement during the days of the Shah of Iran only to face imprisonment and torture under the Islamic regime after the 1979 Iranian revolution.Produced by the National Film Board of Canada awards for the film included the Silver Award for Best Canadian Documentary at Hot Docs as well as a Golden Sheaf Award for Best Social Documentary at the Yorkton Film Festival.
 Kumiko the Treasure Hunter is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by David Zellner. The film stars Rinko Kikuchi Nobuyuki Katsube Shirley Venard David Zellner Nathan Zellner and Kanako Higashi.The film premiered at 64th Berlin International Film Festival on February 8 2014. The film later screened in-competition in the US Dramatic Category at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014.
 Surya 31 is an upcoming Tamil Action - Comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu. It features Suriya and Nayantara in the lead roles. The film was officially launched with a puja on April 14 2014.
 Desire is a Canadian drama film released in 2000. It was directed and written by Colleen Murphy.
 Peanuts is an upcoming 2015 American 3D computer-animated film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox based on Charles M. Schulz's comic strip of the same name. The film is directed by Steve Martino and written by Bryan Schulz Craig Schulz and Cornelius Uliano. It is set to be the fifth full-length feature film to be based on the comic and the first feature film based on the characters in 35 years.
 Khel Mohabbat Ka is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by Satish Duggal and produced by Digvijay. It stars Farooq Shaikh and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
 Agueda Martinez: Our People Our Country is a 1977 American short documentary film produced by Moctesuma Esparza. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Guerreros (lit. Warriors) is a 2002 Spanish film about a group of Spanish soldiers and their French allies stationed in the border between Kosovo and Serbia during the KFOR humanitarian deployment of 2001. It was nominated for two Goya Awards. The film follows the young and inexperienced soldiers as they become embroiled in the conflict that surrounds them and their struggle to survive.
 Red Wheat (Slovene: Rdeče klasje) is a 1970 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović. It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Ainthaam Padai is a 2009 Tamil film starring Sundar C Mukesh and Simran Bagga. It released on 23 July 2009 and is produced by Sundar's wife Kushboo.
 Kitchen is a 1966 feature-length underground film directed by Andy Warhol and Ronald Tavel and starring Edie Sedgwick Rene Ricard Tavel Roger Trudeau David McCabe Donald Lyons and Electrah. The entire film takes place in the New York City kitchen of Bud Wirtschafter the sound man.According to the WarholStars website the film was made in late May 1965 and premiered March 3 1966 at the Film-makers' Cooperative in New York City.
 Perversion (also released as Perversão and Estupro!) is a 1979 Brazilian exploitation film directed by José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe).
 FeardotCom is a 2002 horror film directed by William Malone and starring Stephen Dorff Natascha McElhone and Stephen Rea.
 The Winning Season is a 2004 television film with elements of a fantasy drama. It chronicles a young boy's dream in 1985 with playing with the Pittsburgh Pirates great Honus Wagner. The film follows the dream to the point where the boy is assisting Wagner in his 1909 World Series duel with fellow hall-of-famer Ty Cobb. It is adapted from the children's novel Honus & Me by Dan Gutman.
 Othello is a 1995 film based on William Shakespeare's tragedy of the same name. It was directed by Oliver Parker and stars Laurence Fishburne as Othello Irène Jacob as Desdemona and Kenneth Branagh as Iago. This is the first cinematic reproduction of the play released by a major studio that casts an African American actor to play the role of Othello although low-budget independent films of the play starring Ted Lange and Yaphet Kotto predated it.
 Pillow of Death (1945) was the last of the Inner Sanctum mystery films. The movie stars Lon Chaney Jr. and Brenda Joyce was directed by Wallace Fox and based on a story by Dwight V. Babcock. The Inner Sanctum franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Lon Chaney's son.
 Serpico is a 1973 American crime film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Al Pacino. Waldo Salt and Norman Wexler wrote the screenplay adapting Peter Maas' biography of NYPD officer Frank Serpico (born 1936) who went undercover to expose corruption in the force. Both Maas's book and the film cover 12 years—1960 to June 15 1972—in the life of Serpico who was trying to be an honest policeman.
 Second Generation(2003) is a British TV serial that was aired in 2003.
 Dante's Inferno Animated is a 2D animation film produced and directed by Boris Acosta. The story is based on the first part of Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy - Inferno.
 Home for the Holidays is a 1972 slasher television film from ABC directed by John Llewellyn Moxey and produced by Aaron Spelling. The setting is a country house owned by the rich Benjamin Morgan who invites his four daughters for Christmas to get rid of their stepmother whom he thinks is trying to kill him.
 Ayodhyecha Raja (Marathi: अयोध्येचा राजा; English: The King of Ayodhya) was the first Marathi talkie released in 1932 directed by Shantaram Rajaram Vankudre (V. Shantaram).
 The Gilded Spider is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 The Calamari Wrestler (いかレスラー Ika resuraa) is a 2004 Japanese film by director Minoru Kawasaki starring Kana Ishida and Osamu Nishimura.
 Anderson's Cross is a 2010 feature film focusing on three best friends whose evolving relationships cause tension in their senior year of high school. It was written and directed by Jerome Elston Scott one of its co-stars.The film won Best International Feature at the Bridgetown Film Festival in Barbados and Independent best feature at the independent Black Film Festival.
 Bhaji on the Beach is a 1993 British comedy drama film by director Gurinder Chadha with a screenplay by Meera Syal.
 Meri Zabaan is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shibbu Mitra starring Mithun Chakraborty Shashi Kapoor Farha Kimi Katkar Tanuja Vinod Mehra Amjad Khan and Sharat Saxena. The film has been produced by Veena Sharma. .
 Spirit Warriors is a 2000 Filipino fantasy-horror film written and directed by Filipino film director Chito S. Roño.
 Fast Company is a 1918 American silent comedy film directed by Lynn Reynolds and starring Lon Chaney
 Brotherhood is a 2010 American thriller film directed by Will Canon and co-written by Doug Simon and Canon. The film is about a fraternity initiation that goes horribly wrong and stars Jon Foster Trevor Morgan Arlen Escarpeta and Lou Taylor Pucci. Brotherhood premiered at the 2010 SXSW Film Festival where it won the festival's Audience Award.
 Italia-Germania 4-3 is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Andrea Barzini. The title is inspired by the semi-finals of the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
 Lilies is a 1996 Canadian film directed by John Greyson. It is an adaptation by Michel Marc Bouchard and Linda Gaboriau of Bouchard's own play Lilies. It depicts a play being performed in a prison by the inmates.
 My Old Duchess is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring George Lacy Betty Ann Davies and Dennis Hoey. In an effort to impress a film producer a stage manager disguises himself as a duchess. It was based on an original sketch by Fred Karno.
 Veronica is a 1972 Romanian musical film directed by Elisabeta Bostan. It was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Broadway Melody of 1940 is a 1940 MGM movie musical starring Fred Astaire Eleanor Powell and George Murphy. It was directed by Norman Taurog and features music by Cole Porter including Begin the Beguine.The film was the fourth and final entry in MGM's Broadway Melody series of films and is notable for being the only on-screen pairing of Astaire and Powell who were considered the finest movie musical dancers of their time.
 Swamp Women (1955) was one of the first films directed by Roger Corman. This adventure/crime/horror film follows undercover police officer Lee Hampton who joins three female convicts and escapes from prison. The escape is part of a larger plot to uncover a cache of diamonds hidden deep within the swamps of Louisiana. This film is sometimes also known as Cruel Swamp or Swamp Diamonds. The film is now in the public domain.
 The Curse (German:Der Fluch) is a 1924 Austrian drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Lilian Harvey Oscar Beregi and Albert Heine.The film marked the screen debut of Lilian Harvey who would go on to become one of the top stars at the German box office during the late Weimar and early Nazi eras. Harvey was in Vienna at the time because she was appearing in a stage revue show
 Ennai Thalatta Varuvala (Tamil: என்னை தாலாட்ட வருவாளா; English: Will She Come to Cradle Me?) is 2003 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravindran and produced by P. M. Vedimuthu who also wrote the story. The film features Vignesh and Reshma in the lead roles with Ajith Kumar in cameo appearance. The film began production works in 1996 as Vennila and the project was delayed due to financial problems with the film finally released in March 2003.
 Mon pote le gitan French: My buddy the Gypsy is a French comedy film from 1959 directed by François Gir written by Alain Blancel starring Louis de Funès. In Italy the film is known under the title: Il dottor zivago. the scenario was written on the basis of Les Pittuiti's of Michel Duran.
 Hey Stop Stabbing Me! (2003) is a low-budget feature starring Patrick Casey and directed by Worm Miller. Miller and Casey also co-wrote the movie. The duo went on to write Golan the Insatiable for Fox's Animation Domination HD programming block.The film was shot on location in Bloomington Minnesota.
 Proof is a 2005 American drama film directed by John Madden and starring Gwyneth Paltrow Anthony Hopkins Jake Gyllenhaal and Hope Davis. It was written by Rebecca Miller based on David Auburn's Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same title.
 I Killed That Man is a 1941 American film directed by Phil Rosen that was a remake of his 1933 film The Devil's Mate.
 Flying Tigers (a.k.a Yank Over Singapore and Yanks Over the Burma Road) is a 1942 black-and-white war film starring John Wayne and John Carroll as pilots in the mercenary fighter group fighting the Japanese in China prior to the U.S. entry into World War II.Flying Tigers dramatized the exploits of Americans already fighting the enemy in the Pacific. It was unabashedly a propaganda film that was well received by a populace looking for a flagwaver.
 Trouble with the Curve is a 2012 sports-drama film directed by Robert Lorenz and starring Clint Eastwood Amy Adams Justin Timberlake Matthew Lillard and John Goodman. The film revolves around an aging baseball scout whose daughter joins him on a scouting trip. Filming began in March 2012 and the movie was released on September 21 2012.This was Eastwood's first acting project since 2008's Gran Torino and his first acting role in a film he did not direct since his cameo in 1995's Casper.
 Zorro Rides Again (1937) is a 12-chapter Republic Pictures film serial. It was the eighth of the sixty-six Republic serials the third with a western theme (a third of Republic's serials were westerns) and the last produced in 1937. The serial was directed by William Witney & John English and starred John Carroll as a modern descendant of the original Zorro.
 Café Express is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Nanni Loy and starring Nino Manfredi.
 The Long Days of Summer is a 1980 ABC television movie sequel to the 1978 NBC television movie When Every Day Was the Fourth of July. Taking place one year later the story follows now 13-year old Danny and the Cooper family in 1938 as they begin to experience the effects of growing antisemitism in their small New England town parallelling what is happening overseas in Hitler's Germany.
 Cinematic Titanic is a project by Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K) creator and original host Joel Hodgson.The project involves riffing B-movies in a manner similar to that of MST3K.Joining Hodgson are many of the original MST3K cast as well as some cast members who joined later in the show's run. These include Trace Beaulieu J.
 Mr. Vampire is a 1985 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau in his directorial debut and also produced by Sammo Hung. The film's box office success led to the creation of a Mr. Vampire franchise with the release of four sequels directed by Ricky Lau from 1986 to 1992 and subsequent similarly themed films with different directors released between 1987 and 1991. The vampire of the film is based on the jiangshi the hopping corpses of Chinese folklore.
 A TV Dante is a 1989 film directed by Tom Phillips and Peter Greenaway. It covers eight of the 34 cantos in Dante Alighieri's Inferno part of his 14th century epic poem Divine Comedy.Peter Greenaway and Tom Phillips won the Prix Italia for A TV Dante their ambitious project to produce a video version of Dante’s Inferno.
 Travelling Companion (Spanish: Compañero de viaje) is a 1979 Venezuelan drama film directed by Clemente de la Cerda. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Wild Scene (1970) is a film starring Alberta Nelson in the story of Dr. Virginia Grant a female psychiatrist who talks graphically about her tawdriest cases. When she goes underground to investigate her college daughter's sordid activities she gets drawn into a world of prostitution orgies drugs and more. This is the last credited role for Alberta Nelson.
 Zee and Co also known as X Y and Zee and Zee and Company is a 1972 British film released by Columbia Pictures. It was directed by Brian G. Hutton and was based upon a novel by Edna O'Brien.The film starred Elizabeth Taylor and Michael Caine as a middle-aged bickering couple whose marriage is on its last legs and Susannah York as the woman who comes between them.
 Everybody Wants to Be Italian is a 2007 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Jason Todd Ipson. The screenplay focuses on the relationship between a blue collar worker and a veterinarian.The film premiered at the Boston Film Festival on September 18 2007 and released theatrically in the United States on September 5 2008.
 Suicide Room (Polish: Sala Samobójców) is a 2011 Polish dramatic film directed by Jan Komasa. The premiere was held on 12 February 2011 at The Berlin International Film Festival and on 28 February 2011 in Złote Tarasy in Warsaw Poland. The movie was released in the cinemas on 4 March 2011.
 Critters is a 1986 cult comedy horror science fiction film starring Dee Wallace-Stone M. Emmet Walsh Billy Green Bush and Scott Grimes. It was directed by Stephen Herek and written by Herek Domonic Muir (story) and Don Keith Opper (additional scenes). It is the first film in the Critters series.
 The Busher (1919) is a drama film directed by Jerome Storm featuring Colleen Moore and produced by Thomas H. Ince. The film still exists and is available on DVD from Kino Video running 55 minutes. There is an alternate edition available from Grapevine Video. This version runs 63 minutes including a longer opening exposition sequence and more frequent original inter-titles which help to clarify the story. A print is also held by Gosfilmofond Russian State Archives.
 The Iron-Fisted Monk (Chinese: 三德和尚与舂米六) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Sammo Hung in his directorial debut who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Chen Sing and James Tien. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 25 August 1977.
 Our Family Wedding is a romantic comedy film starring Forest Whitaker America Ferrera Carlos Mencia Lance Gross Shannyn Sossamon Charlie Murphy and Regina King. It received its wide release on March 12 2010.
 Cencoroll (センコロール Senkorōru) is a 2009 Japanese anime science fiction film nearly singlehandedly written designed directed and animated by manga author Atsuya Uki. Produced by Anime Innovation Tokyo and Aniplex the film had its world premiere at Canada's Fantasia International Film Festival on July 28 2009. The film made its Japanese debut on August 22 2009 in Tokyo and Osaka. Cencoroll made its debut in the United States at the New York Anime Festival on September 25 2009.
 Jeremy Hardy Gives Good Sex is a 1995 comedic short film which is about a guide to good sex including 'Dr' Jeremy Hardy's comedy sketches.
 Charlie Chan in the Secret Service is a 1944 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan. It is the first film made by Monogram Pictures after the series was dropped by 20th Century Fox and it marks the introduction of Number Three Son (Benson Fong) and taxi driver (later Chan's chauffeur) Birmingham Brown (Mantan Moreland).
 Let Them Chirp Awhile is a 2007 independent drama-comedy by Jonathan Blitstein filmed in just eighteen days in New York during October 2006. The film was produced by Anouk Frosch and Jonathan Blitstein. It was photographed by Andrew Shulkind. The release began December 5 2008 in select theaters. It received positive reviews in Variety the Village Voice and TimeOut NY.
 Thandavam is a Malayalam action film released in 2002. Directed by Shaji Kailas this film had a huge star cast including Mohanlal Kiran Rathod Nedumudi Venu Captain Raju Saikumar Manoj K. Jayan and Jagadish. Though Thandavam had one of the best initial pull in the history of Malayalam cinema it failed to satisfy even the hardcore Mohanlal fans.
 Tiger Bay is a 1959 British crime drama film based on the short story Rodolphe et le Revolver by Noel Calef directed by J. Lee Thompson and produced and co-written by John Hawkesworth.
 Young Guns of Texas is a 1962 CinemaScope DeLuxe Color Western directed by Maury Dexter starring James Mitchum Alana Ladd Jody McCrea and Will Wills. This movie was filmed in Big Bend National Park Texas.It is known for featuring the offspring of Robert Mitchum Alan Ladd Joel McCrea and Chill Wills the last also appearing in the film.
 The Sowers is a surviving 1916 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky released through Paramount Pictures and directed by William C. deMille. The feature stars Blanche Sweet and Thomas Meighan and is based on the novel The Sowers by Henry Seton Merriman. It is preserved in the Library of Congress collections.
 Rakta Bandhan is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajat Rakshit starring Mithun Chakraborty Rati Agnihotri Surinder Kaur Dina Pathak and Jagdeep.
 The Physician is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Miles Mander Elga Brink and Ian Hunter. A former alcoholic tries to lead a crusade against drink but is himself repeatedly tempted by alcohol. It was based on a play by Henry Arthur Jones.
 The People Speak is a 2009 American documentary feature film that uses dramatic and musical performances of the letters diaries and speeches of everyday Americans. The film gives voice to those who by insisting on equality and justice spoke up for social change throughout U.S. history and also illustrates the relevance of this to today's society.
 Adharm is a 1992 Bollywood Drama film directed by Aziz Sejawal and produced by Nitin Manmohan.The film features an ensemble cast.The story is written by Javed Siddiqui.
 God Is the Bigger Elvis is a 2011 documentary film about actress Dolores Hart who abandoned her successful career at the age of 24 to become a Benedictine nun. The film was nominated for the 2012 Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject).In 1957 Dolores Hart co-starred with Elvis Presley in the Paramount motion picture Loving You. It was in this film that she kissed Elvis. This was Elvis' very first on-screen kiss in a movie.
 China Town is a 1962 Hindi film directed by Shakti Samanta under Shakti Films. Written by Ranjan Bose and music by Ravi. It is a black-and-white movie starring Shammi Kapoor in a double role as a gangster and his look-alike. Shakila is the leading lady alongside Helen in a supporting role. The film was remade in Tamil as Kudiyirundha Koyil starring M. G. Ramachandran and in Telugu as Bhale Thammudu (1969) starring N. T. Rama Rao.
 Remember the Titans is a 2000 American sports drama film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin. The plot was conceived from a screenplay written by Gregory Allen Howard. The film is based on the true story of African American coach Herman Boone portrayed by Denzel Washington as he tries to introduce a racially divided team at the T. C. Williams High School in the Washington D.C. suburb of Alexandria Virginia during the early 1970s.
 Wish Upon a Star is a 1996 television film directed by Blair Treu written by Jessica Barondes and starring Katherine Heigl and Danielle Harris. It focuses on two teenage sisters that magically swap bodies because of a wish made on a shooting star. They spend several days living each other's life sometimes with the intent to sabotage the other's reputation and achievements but they learn to appreciate and help each other along the way.
 Down Argentine Way is a 1940 Technicolor musical film made by Twentieth Century Fox. It made a star of Betty Grable in her first leading role for the studio and introduced American audiences to Carmen Miranda. The film also starred Don Ameche The Nicholas Brothers Charlotte Greenwood and J. Carrol Naish. The film was directed by Irving Cummings and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck from a screenplay by Karl Tunberg and Darrell Ware based on a story by Rian James and Ralph Spence.
 Onaayum Aattukkuttiyum (English: The Wolf and The Lamb) is a 2013 Tamil drama-thriller film written directed and produced by Mysskin. Sri of Vazhakku Enn 18/9 fame Mysskin and Writer Shaji play the lead roles in the film. The film score was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film had no heroine and no songs. Filming began on 11 March 2013 and the crew shot the entire film in and around Chennai city. Onaayum Aattukkuttiyum released on 27 September 2013 and got universal acclaim.
 La liceale il diavolo e l'acquasanta (literally The high school student the devil and the holy water) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero. It is the fourth chapter in the Liceale film-series and the last starred by Gloria Guida. Unlike the previous films it is an anthology film in which the three main actors of the series (Lino Banfi Gloria Guida and Alvaro Vitali) star in three separate segments.
 New Mr. Vampire (Chinese title: 殭屍翻生; lit. The Vampire Revived) aka. The New Mr. Vampire is a 1987 Hong Kong horror film directed by Billy Chan and Leung Chung. It stars Chin Siu-ho (as Hsiao Hau Chien) and Lu Fang (as Tai-Fa) as the disciples and Chung Fat and Huang Ha as the rival masters Chin and Wu.
 Take Aim at the Police Van (その護送車を狙え　Sono gosôsha wo nerae: 'Jûsangô taihisen' yori) is a 1960 action Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki part of the Nikkatsu film studio's wave of Japanese noir films made to compete with popular American and French films in Japanese box offices.This film was made available in North America when Janus Films released a special set of Nikkatsu Noir films as part of the Criterion Collection also including I Am Waiting Rusty Knife and A Colt Is My Passport.
 Mere Dad Ki Maruti (English: My dad's Maruti) is a 2013 Bollywood comedy film directed by Ashima Chibber featuring Saqib Saleem Ram Kapoor and Prabal Panjabi in lead roles. The film takes its plot from the 2000 Hollywood film Dude Where's My Car?. It also features newcomer Rhea Chakraborty in a pivotal role. It was well received by critics and audiences and did quite well at the box office.
 Até que a Sorte nos Separe (English: Till Luck Do Us Part) is a 2012 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Santucci and starring Leandro Hassum and Danielle Winits. The film is inspired by the best selling book Casais Inteligentes Enriquecem Juntos by Gustavo Cerbasi.
 A Lover's Return (French: Un revenant French: Le revenant) is a 1946 French drama film directed by Christian-Jaque. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers (also known as Halloween 6) is a 1995 American horror film and the sixth installment in the Halloween series. Directed by Joe Chappelle from a screenplay by Daniel Farrands the plot involves the Curse of Thorn a mystical symbol first shown in Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers and revealed in the film to be the source of Michael Myers' immortality.
 13 Men and a Gun is a 1938 British-Italian war film directed by Mario Zampi and starring Arthur Wontner Clifford Evans and Howard Marion-Crawford. It is an English-language version of the Italian film Tredici uomini e un cannone.
 Blooded is a 2011 British independent horror/thriller film. Written by James Walker and produced by Magma Pictures and Ptarmigan ACP it is the directorial debut of Edward Boase. The film premiered at the Bradford International Film Festival on 18 March 2011.The plot involves an animal rights action group calling themselves the Real Animal League which kidnaps five young deer hunters and then hunts them. It is filmed in a mockumentary style imitating a real documentary film.
 One Body Too Many (1944) is a comedy-mystery film directed by Frank McDonald starring Bela Lugosi and Jack Haley.
 Si Pitoeng is a film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) that was released in 1931. Directed by the Wong brothers and starring Herman Shim and Ining Resmini it was the first film based on the life of Si Pitung a bandit from Batavia (modern-day Jakarta).
 Dream Girl is a 1977 Indian Hindi film directed by Pramod Chakravorty. The movie stars Hema Malini Ashok Kumar Dharmendra and Prem Chopra. Hema Malini was promoted as the Dream Girl from her first film and that eventually led her to star in this film.
 The Midnight Prowlers is a 1915 silent comedy film produced by the Vim Comedy Company featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Android Cop is an American science fiction action film produced by The Asylum and directed by Mark Atkins. The film stars Michael Jai White Charles S. Dutton Randy Wayne and Kadeem Hardison. It is a mockbuster of RoboCop.
 Clockstoppers is a 2002 science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies. It was directed by Jonathan Frakes produced by Gale Anne Hurd and Julia Pistor and written by Rob Hedden Andy Hedden J. David Stem and David N. Weiss. Starring Jesse Bradford Paula Garcés French Stewart Michael Biehn Robin Thomas and Julia Sweeney.
 Martial Arts Of Shaolin (Chinese: 南北少林; pinyin: Nán Běi Shàolín lit. South North Shaolin) aka Shaolin Temple 3: Martial Arts of Shaolin is a 1986 Hong Kong martial arts film. It is notable as the only collaboration to date between film director Lau Kar-Leung and actor Jet Li. It was later released on Region 1 DVD by The Weinstein Company under the Dragon Dynasty imprint.
 16 Year Olds or Le sedicenni is a 1965 Italian film directed by Luigi Petrini.
 Angst is a 1928 German-British silent drama film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Gustav Fröhlich Henry Edwards and Elga Brink. It is based on the 1925 novella Fear by Stefan Zweig. The film was a co-production between Germany and Britain with the British star Edwards included to give the work greater commercial appeal in the British Isles. Inge Duhan a wealthy wife begins conducting an affair only to find herself blackmailed by another woman.
 The Servant (Hangul: 방자전; RR: Bang-ja-jeon; lit. The Story of Bang-ja or Bang-ja Chronicles) is a 2010 South Korean film starring Kim Joo-hyuk Jo Yeo-jeong and Ryoo Seung-bum. It re-tells the origins of the famous Korean folktale Chunhyangjeon.The film was a box office hit receiving 3014523 admissions.
 Medea is a 1988 TV movie directed by Lars von Trier. It is based on Carl Theodor Dreyer's adaption of Euripides' play Medea.
 Spring Is Here (1930) is an all-talking musical comedy film produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros.. It was adapted by James A. Starr from the 1929 musical play of the same name by Owen Davis with music by Richard Rodgers Lorenz Hart Harry Warren Sam Lewis and Joe Young. The film starred Lawrence Gray Bernice Claire Louise Fazenda and Alexander Gray.
 With Our King and Queen Through India (1912) is a British documentary. The film is silent and made in the Kinemacolor additive color process.The film records the 12 December 1911 celebrations in India relating to the coronation of George V known as Delhi Durbar or The Durbar at Delhi. Surviving prints of the film are about two hours long[citation needed] but the film may have originally been as long as six hours.
 Itt a szabadság! is a 1991 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Vajda. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Rainy Days is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 71st Our Gang short that was released.
 The Beast is a 1996 made for TV movie starring William Petersen Karen Sillas and Charles Martin Smith. The movie is based on the 1991 novel Beast by Jaws author Peter Benchley. The film is about a giant squid that attacks and kills several people when its food supply becomes scarce and its offspring is killed. It was filmed primarily in New South Wales Australia.
 Five Ashore in Singapore AKA Singapore Singapore and Cinq gars pour Singapour is a 1967 French/Italian international co-production film based on the 1959 novel by Jean Bruce. Filmed on location in Singapore in 1966 it was the last film of Sean Flynn.
 Torawakamaru the Koga Ninja (忍術御前試合 Ninjutsu gozen-jiai) is a black-and-white Japanese film directed by Tadashi Sawashima.
 The Vertical Ray of the Sun is the third feature film by Vietnamese-born French director Trần Anh Hùng. It was released in 2000 and is the final part of what many now consider to be Tran's Vietnam trilogy. The film centres on three sisters who live in present-day Hanoi: Suong is the eldest then Khanh in the middle and Lien is the youngest. The film takes place over the course of one month starting on the anniversary of their mother's death and ending on the anniversary of their father's.
 Benvenuti al Nord (English: Welcome to the North) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Miniero.It is the sequel of the high-grossing film Benvenuti al Sud (which gave fair goes to many people around the world of the beautiful southern Italy). It also obtained a great commercial success gaining more than 27 million euros during its Italian theatrical release; it had the third best opening in Italian market history.
 Josh: Independence Through Unity (Urdu: جوش: متحدہ آزادی‎) is a 2013 Pakistani mystery thriller drama film written directed and produced by Iram Parveen Bilal with co-producers Saad Bin Mujeeb and Kelly Thomas. Film is set to be release at Eid-ul-Fitr in Pakistan and India on 10 August 2013. The film stars Aamina Sheikh Mohib Mirza Khalid Malik Naveen Waqar Adnan Shah Tipu Kaiser Khan Nizamani Parveen Akber Nyla Jafri Salim Mairaj Faizan Haqquee and Ali Rizvi in the ensemble cast.
 Flying Blind is a 1941 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 A Beautiful Life is a 2008 American film released by New Films International adapted from the play Jersey City by Wendy Hammond. The film received a rare 0% score on the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes.
 On Our Own Land (Slovene: Na svoji zemlji) is a 1948 film directed by France Štiglic. It was the first Slovene sound feature film. It was released on 21 November 1948 in Union Cinema (Kino Union) in Ljubljana received a great public acclaim and was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Don Juan Tenorio is a 1898 Mexican silent drama film directed by Salvador Toscano who was Mexico’s first filmmaker and is also the first film adaptation of Don Juan Tenorio a play by José Zorrilla.
 If You Were Me: Anima Vision 2 (Korean: Byul-Byul Yi-Ya-Gi 2: Yeo-Seot-Bit-Ggal Mu-Ji-Gae) is a 2008 South Korean animated film.
 Buffalo Soldiers is a 2001 satire film based on the 1993 novel by Robert O'Connor which follows the rogue activities of a group of US soldiers based in West Germany during 1989 when the fall of the Berlin Wall is imminent. It stars Joaquin Phoenix Ed Harris Anna Paquin Haluk Bilginer Scott Glenn and Elizabeth McGovern and is directed by Gregor Jordan.The world premiere was held at the 2001 Toronto International Film Festival in early September.
 Nastasja is a Polish/Japanese film released in 1994 directed by Andrzej Wajda.The film is an adaptation on the last chapter of Fyodor Dostoyevski's novel The Idiot in which Prince Mishkin and Rogozin return to the past in a conversation over the dead body of Nastasja. Wajda produced and directed Nastassya Filipovna a stage play version of the piece at the Stary Teatr in Kraków in 1977.
 Behind the Mask is a Sandpiper Productions 1992 film released by Intercontinental Releasing Corporation (IRC) in 1992 and by Metro-Goldwyn-Meyer in 1998. The production utilized a new emerging 3-D film technology for television at the time of its filming. The film was written and directed by Warren Chaney. Beverly Wilson was the executive producer Warren Chaney the producer and David Sanders the associate producer. It starred Roy Alan Wilson Deborah Winters Steve Word and Luis Lemus.
 Whipped is a 2000 independent comedy film by Peter M. Cohen.
 Terribly Happy (Danish: Frygtelig lykkelig) is a 2008 Danish film directed by Henrik Ruben Genz based on Erling Jepsen's novel of the same name from 2004.The film was first shown in the film industry at the Karlovy Vary Film Festival in July 2008 in the Czech Republic and was one of the Karlovy Vary Award Winners 2008.It was the official submission of Denmark for the category of Best Foreign Language Film for the 82nd Academy Awards in March 2010.This film has been compared in concept to two films by the Coen brothers: Blood Simple (1985) and No Country for Old Men (2007).
 Glamour Gal is a 1945 propaganda film documentary film about the eponymous large artillery gun and the ten Marines who work her a team of eleven.
 Betelnut Beauty (simplified Chinese: 爱你爱我; traditional Chinese: 愛你愛我; pinyin: Ài nǐ ài wǒ) is a 2001 Taiwanese film directed by Lin Cheng-sheng.
 For the 1944 Benny Goodman film see Sweet and Low-Down. For the Dave Van Ronk album see Sweet & Lowdown.Sweet and Lowdown is a 1999 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film tells the story set in the 1930s of a fictional jazz guitarist named Emmet Ray (played by Sean Penn) who regards himself as the second greatest guitarist in the world (after jazz icon Django Reinhardt) who falls in love with a mute woman (Samantha Morton).
 Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing is a 1955 American drama-romance film. Set in 1949–50 in Hong Kong it tells the story of a married but separated American reporter Mark Elliot (played by William Holden) who falls in love with a Eurasian doctor Han Suyin originally from China (played by Jennifer Jones) only to encounter prejudice from her family and from Hong Kong society.The movie was adapted by John Patrick from the 1952 autobiographical novel A Many-Splendoured Thing by Han Suyin.
 The Millionaire is a 1917 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Lejontämjaren (The Lion Tamer) is a 2003 Swedish film directed by Manne Lindwall.
 Brassed Off is a 1996 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Mark Herman and starring Pete Postlethwaite Tara Fitzgerald and Ewan McGregor. The film a British-American co-production made between the Monty Python production company Prominent Features Channel Four Films and Miramax Films is about the troubles faced by a colliery brass band following the closure of their pit.
 Joymoti or Joimoti (Assamese: জয়মতী) released on 10 March 1935 was the first Assamese film made. Based on Lakshminath Bezbaroa's play about the 17th-century Ahom princess Soti Joymoti the film was produced and directed by the noted Assamese poet author and film-maker Jyoti Prasad Agarwala and starred Aideu Handique and acclaimed stage actor and playwright Phani Sarma.
 Romance is a 1920 American silent film directed by Chester Withey and released through United Artists. The film is based on the 1913 play Romance by Edward Sheldon and stars Doris Keane the actress who created the role in the play. This was Miss Keane's only motion picture. D.W. Griffith allowed the use of his Mamaroneck Studios for the production. The nephew of Griffith's favorite cameraman Billy Bitzer was the cinematographer.
 Archangel (1990) is the second feature film directed by Guy Maddin. The film fictionalizes in a general sense historical conflict related to the Bolshevik Revolution occurring in the Arkhangelsk (Archangel) region of Russia a basic concept presented to Maddin by John Harvie. The film marks Maddin's first formal collaboration with co-screenwriter George Toles.Maddin shot Archangel in black and white on 16mm film on a budget of $430000.
 Nobita and the Haunts of Evil (のび太の大魔境 Nobita no Daimakyo) is a 1982 animated film based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. It was released on 13 March 1982. A remake of this film is to be released in March 2014 entitled Doraemon: New Nobita's Great Demon—Peko and the Exploration Party of Five.
 Beerfest is a 2006 beer-themed comedy film by the comedy group Broken Lizard. Along with the regular members of Broken Lizard other actors who appear in the movie include Will Forte M. C. Gainey Cloris Leachman Jürgen Prochnow Donald Sutherland and Willie Nelson.Beerfest was filmed in Albuquerque New Mexico.
 Follow Your Star is a 1938 British musical film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Arthur Tracy Belle Chrystall and Mark Daly. It was made at Pinewood Studios.
 The Great Train Robbery is a British television film in two parts that was first broadcast on BBC One on 18 and 19 December 2013. Written by Chris Chibnall it tells the story of the Great Train Robbery on 8 August 1963 first from the perspective of the robbers and then from the perspective of the police. Coincidentally the first part A Robber's Tale was shown on the same day that Ronnie Biggs died.
 Hatya is a 1988 Bollywood thriller film directed by Kirti Kumar and starring Govinda Neelam and Anupam Kher.This film is a remake of Malayalam Poovinu Puthiya Poonthennal 1986.
 National Lampoon's Pucked (also known as Pucked and National Lampoon's The Trouble with Frank) is a 2006 comedy movie starring Jon Bon Jovi in the main role. This is the last film to date directed by Arthur Hiller.
 West Is Best is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Phil Rosen and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Moonlight Serenade is a 2009 romance musical directed by Giancarlo Tallarico and starring Amy Adams.
 The McKenzie Break is a 1970 British war drama film directed by Lamont Johnson starring Brian Keith as Jack Connor an intelligence officer investigating recent disturbances at a German prisoner of war (POW) camp in Scotland. The POWs are led by the charismatic yet ruthless Willi Schlüter (Helmut Griem).
 Fairy Tales is a 1979 sex comedy directed by Harry Hurwitz the plot of which revolves around the stereotypical Fairy Tale.
 The Fighting Men (Italian: Gli inesorabili) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Roberto Savarese.
 School's Out is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 102nd Our Gang short to be released.
 Tomorrow's Children is a 1934 American eugenics film directed by Crane Wilbur.The film is also known as The Unborn in the United Kingdom.
 Just Add Water is a comedy film released on June 17 2008. The film stars Dylan Walsh as a hardworking man living in the same small town in which he grew up Danny DeVito as a gas station owner and Justin Long as a meth dealer.
 Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story was a 2000 television film also broadcast as a mini-series that was highly anticipated among fans of Anne of Green Gables. It borrowed characters from the Anne of Green Gables novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery but not actual plot lines. Instead it served as a sequel to two mini-series produced by CBC Television in the 1980s.
 40 Guns to Apache Pass is a 1967 Western film directed by William Witney and starring Audie Murphy. The picture was Murphy's last leading role and the final film of Robert E. Kent Productions.
 Square Dance is a 1987 drama film written by Alan Hines who also wrote the novel of the same name. The film was directed by Daniel Petrie and released on February 20 1987.
 Gabriela is a 1950 West German musical drama film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Zarah Leander Carl Raddatz and Vera Molnar. It was Leander's comeback film after a seven year absence from filmmaking . In 1943 when the Nazi leadership had demanded she take German citizenship she had broken her contract with UFA and returned to her native Sweden. In the immediate post-war era she was banned from appearing in German films because of her previous association with the Nazi hierarchy.
 Dance of Ganesha also known as Naach Ganesh is a 2011 Indian short film directed by Bikas Ranjan Mishra and produced by Pankaj Dubey. The film had its world premiere at the 16th Busan International Film Festival.
 For the 1921 British short film see The Great Day. For the unfinished MGM musical see Great Day (1930 film).Great Day (1945) is a British drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Eric Portman and Flora Robson. In the film the small English village of Denley is thrown into excitement by the impending visit of Eleanor Roosevelt. However the impoverished local squire is threatened with disgrace and ruin as the day approaches.The film recorded a loss of $232000.
 Mouna Ragam (English: Silent Symphony) is a 1986 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Mani Ratnam. The film stars Mohan and Revathi in the lead roles with Karthik in an extended cameo role. The soundtrack and background score are composed by Ilayaraja and the cinematography was handled by P. C. Sreeram. Mouna Ragam released on 15 August 1986 coinciding with Indian Independence Day. The film was Mohan's last blockbuster and was critically acclaimed upon release.
 The Devil and Circe (German: Teufel und Circe) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Adolf Gärtner and starring Sascha Gura Eduard von Winterstein and Walter von Allwoerden. It premiered in Munich on 7 June 1921.
 Summertime (Hangul: 썸머타임; RR: Sseommeotaim) is a 2001 South Korean film directed by Park Jae-ho and starring Ryu Soo-young and Kim Jihyun. A remake of the controversial Philippine film Scorpio Nights (1985) the film was also inspired by the Gwangju massacre.
 Violanchelo (also known as Amor Dolor y Viceversa and Love Pain and Vice Versa) is a 2008 drama film starring Bárbara Mori Leonardo Sbaraglia and Tony Dalton. The film is based on a romantic story.
 Man's Best Friend is a 1935 feature film about the adventures of a boy and his dog Lightning. The film stars Douglas Haig an American child actor of the 1920s and 30s; Lightning a grandson of Strongheart; Frank Brownlee; and Mary McLaren.Man's Best Friend was the high point of Douglas Haig's career as a film actor.
 Rough Romance is a 1930 American adventure film western directed by A.F. Erickson. The film starred George O'Brien Helen Chandler Antonio Moreno Roy Stewart and Harry Cording and a 23-year old John Wayne had a minor uncredited role.
 Thayagam is a 1996 Tamil action film directed by A. R. Ramesh. The film features Vijayakanth Arun Pandian and Napoleon in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 January 1996.
 Torn is a 2013 Nigerian psychological thriller film directed by Moses Inwang starring Joseph Benjamin Ireti Doyle and Monalisa Chinda. It received five nominations at the 2013 Best of Nollywood Awards for categories Director of the Year Movie of the Year Best Edited Movie Best Screenplay and Best Actress in a Leading Role but did not win any awards.
 Romance of the Western Chamber (Chinese: 西廂記; pinyin: xīxiāngjì) is a 1927 silent Chinese film drama directed by Hou Yao.The film is an adaption of the classic Chinese dramatic work Romance of the West Chamber by Wang Shifu.Originally consisting of ten film reels only 5 reels have survived.The 2007 USA DVD release by Cinema Epoch has an additional original musical score composed by Toshiyuki Hiraoka.
 Tears of Buddha is a 1973 documentary film directed by Elliott Hong and filmed by cinematographer Russ Kingston.
 The Challengers is a 1990 family television film that was produced by Lauron Productions for CBC Television. It stars Gema Zamprogna (best known for her role on Road to Avonlea) Gwynyth Walsh and Eric Christmas. The film features the Vangelis song I'll Find My Way Home.The film was first broadcast in Canada on 14 October 1990 through CBC Television. BBC One aired the film in the United Kingdom on 3 August 1993. The film also had frequent showings on The Disney Channel.
 Premi (Bengali: প্রেমী ) is a Bengali movie that released in 2004. Directed by Rabi Kinagi the movie featured Jeet Jishu Sengupta and Chandana Sharma. This was Chandana Sharma's debut movieThis movie is also the debut of music director Jeet Ganguly.
 Chupkatha is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Souvick Sarkar and Dipankar Pal and produced by Pratap Mandal under the banner of Great Overseas Commodeal Ltd. Based on extra-marital affairs the film features actors Silajit Majumder Aparajita Auddy and Payel Roy in the lead roles. It was released on 7 December 2012. In this film singer Silajit Majumder made his debut as a music composer.
 Ooops a Desi is an 2013 Hindi Fast-Paced action thriller film directed by Jenner Jose. The film premiered at Times Square (USA) and had a limited release on 23 August 2013 at major multiplexes in India. Movie received a very positive critical reception. The lack of marketing hindered it's box office potential during the limited release. Plans are now in place for extended release in mid 2014 due to the films initial positive response.
 Born on the Fourth of July is a 1989 American film adaptation of the best selling autobiography of the same name by Vietnam War veteran Ron Kovic.Tom Cruise plays Ron Kovic in a performance that earned him his first Academy Award nomination. Oliver Stone (himself a Vietnam veteran) co-wrote the screenplay with Kovic and also produced and directed the film.
 12 Years a Slave is a 2013 British-American historical drama film and an adaptation of the 1853 slave narrative memoir Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup a New York State-born free African American man who was kidnapped in Washington D.C. in 1841 and sold into slavery. Northup worked on plantations in the state of Louisiana for twelve years before his release.
 The Innocent Seven (七人の弔 Shichinin no Tomurai) is a 2005 Japanese film wrote and directed by Dankan. It tells the story of seven families on a summer camp where the parents are involved in a very dark deal in organ trafficking. The official English site states it to be based on true events.
 Xiao Shan Going Home (Chinese: 小山回家; pinyin: Xiǎo Shān húi jiā) is a Chinese short film directed by Jia Zhangke. The film running around one hour in length was made by Jia while he was attending the Beijing Film Academy and stars his friend classmate and now frequent collaborator Wang Hongwei in the titular role.The film follows a poor cook in Beijing as he tries to find his way back home for the Spring Festival.
 The Adventure of the Yellow Curl Papers (also known as The Mystery of the Yellow Curl Papers) is a 1915 American silent short comedy-drama film directed by Clem Easton and starring William Garwood in the lead role with Violet Mersereau.
 Anna Christie is a 1930 MGM Pre-Code drama film adaptation of the 1922 play by Eugene O'Neill. It was adapted by Frances Marion produced and directed by Clarence Brown with Paul Bern and Irving Thalberg as co-producers. The cinematography was by William H. Daniels the art direction by Cedric Gibbons and the costume design by Adrian.The film stars Greta Garbo Charles Bickford George F.
 The Forbidden Team (Danish: Det forbudte landshold) is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Rasmus Dinesen and Arnold Krøjgaard. The leading cast consists of association football trainers Jens Espensen and Michael Nybrandt the Tibet national football team and at the conclusion the Greenland national football team.
 Gohine Shobdo (Bengali: গহীনে শব্দ) is a 2010 Bangladeshi film directed by Khalid Mahmud Mithu.
 The Backwater (共喰い Tomogui) is a 2013 Japanese drama film directed by Shinji Aoyama starring Masaki Suda. It is based on the Akutagawa Prize-winning novel by Shinya Tanaka and adopted by Haruhiko Arai. The film won the Best Director award from the Swiss critics' federation and the Best Film award from the Junior Jury's at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Sharpe's Siege is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. The adaptation is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 Moon is a 2009 British science fiction drama film co-written and directed by Duncan Jones. The film follows Sam Bell (Sam Rockwell) a man who experiences a personal crisis as he nears the end of a three-year solitary stint mining helium-3 on the far side of the Moon. It was the feature debut of director Duncan Jones. Kevin Spacey voices Sam's robot companion GERTY. Moon premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and was released in select cinemas in New York and Los Angeles on 12 June 2009.
 Lessons of a Dream (German: Der ganz große Traum) is a German drama film directed by Sebastian Grobler loosely based on the life of German football pioneer Konrad Koch. In the film Koch a young English teacher at a secondary school in late 19th century Braunschweig German Empire introduces his students to the new sport of football to enthuse them for the English language and culture. Koch's liberal methods alienate his conservative colleagues parents and local dignitaries.
 Drag Me to Hell is a 2009 American horror film co-written and directed by Sam Raimi. The plot written with his brother Ivan focuses on loan officer Christine Brown (Alison Lohman) who reluctantly under orders from her boss must refuse to extend a loan to a gypsy woman by the name of Mrs. Ganush (Lorna Raver). In retaliation Ganush places a curse on Christine that after three days of escalating torment will plunge her into the depths of Hell to burn for eternity.
 Young Aphrodites (Greek: Μικρές Αφροδίτες translit. Mikres Afrodites) is an award-winning drama film of 1963 directed by Nikos Koundouros based on a script of Vassilis Vassilikos.
 The Grand Babylon Hotel (German:Das Grand Hotel Babylon) is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by E.A. Dupont and starring Hans Albers Max Landa and Karl Falkenberg. The film's title is drawn from the 1902 novel The Grand Babylon Hotel by Arnold Bennett.
 Slippy McGee is a 1923 silent film directed by Wesley Ruggles and based on the book Slippy McGee: Sometimes Known as the Butterfly Man by Marie Conway Oemler published in 1917. The film was an Oliver Morosco Production released by Associated First National and featured actress Colleen Moore as Mary Virginia. Production on the film began in June 1921 with Colleen's return from New York and Florida where she was making The Lotus Eater with John Barrymore directed by Marshall Neilan.
 Master of Thunder also known as Legend of Seven Monks or Master of Thunder: Kessen!! Fuuma ryuuko-den (マスター・オブ・サンダー　決戦!! 封魔龍虎伝) is a 2006 Japanese martial-arts film starring Sonny Chiba.
 Unfinished Symphony (1934) is a British-Austrian musical drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Mártha Eggerth Helen Chandler Hans Jaray and Ronald Squire. The film is based on the story of Franz Schubert who in the 1820s left his symphony unfinished after losing the love of his life. The film's alternate German-language version was called Leise flehen meine Lieder.
 Aibō The Movie (相棒 -劇場版- 絶体絶命! 42.195km 東京ビッグシティマラソン) is a 2008 Japanese film directed by Seiji Izumi and based on the television series Aibō.
 The Passion of the Christ (sometimes referred to as The Passion) is a 2004 American drama film directed by Mel Gibson and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ. It depicts the Passion of Jesus largely according to the New Testament Gospels of Matthew Mark Luke and John.
 2:22 is an upcoming psychological thriller directed by Paul Currie and stars Armie Hammer. It is slated for a 2014 US box office release.Timeless Films started handling international sales for 2:22 at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Har Har Gange is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Babubhai Mistri.
 Unto the Third Generation is a 1913 American short silent romantic drama directed by Harry Solter. The film starred Earle Foxe and Florence Lawrence and Matt Moore in the lead roles. It was the third time director Harry Solter had worked together with Foxe and Lawrence that year previously working together on His Wife's Child and The Spender.The film was written by Walter MacNamara.
 Thanedaar is a 1990 Hindi action film directed by Raj N. Sippy and starring Sanjay Dutt Madhuri Dixit Jeetendra Jaya Pradha and Kiran Kumar. The film is perhaps most remembered for the hit song Tamma Tamma Loge and its quirky dancing moves. It was the first pairing of Dutt and Dixit who went on to star in 7 films together including big box office successes Saajan (1991) and Khalnayak (1993).Despite the film not being highly remembered a sequel titled Thanedaar Returns is under production.
 The Round-Up is a 1920 Western film starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and featuring Wallace Beery. The movie was written by Edmund Day and Tom Forman directed by George Melford and based on Day's play that was a huge hit for Roscoe Arbuckle's older cousin Macklyn Arbuckle and Julia Dean on the Broadway stage in 1907.
 Snegithiye (English:Oh Friend! (female) ) is a 2000 Tamil thriller film directed by Priyadarshan. The story is adapted from the 1999 Marathi film Bindhaast written by Chandrakant Kulkarni. The film notably features only female characters in the lead roles played by Jyothika Sharbani Mukherjee Tabu and Ishita Arun music was composed by Vidyasagar. The film released in 2000 proved unsuccessful at the box office.
 La figliastra: Storia di corna e di passioni is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Edoardo Mulargia. It features Bruno Scipioni with Austrian sexploitation star Sonja Jeannine (credited as Sonia Jeanine).In France the film was released in an adult version with added hardcore scenes and under the title Veuves excitées.
 Rocket Science is a 2007 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Jeffrey Blitz and starring Reece Thompson Anna Kendrick Nicholas D'Agosto Vincent Piazza and Aaron Yoo.
 Faddija – La legge della vendetta is a 1950 Italian film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero.
 Gulabi Talkies is a 2008 Indian Kannada language film by acclaimed Indian director Girish Kasaravalli. It is based on a short story by the same name by Kannada writer Vaidehi.The film premiered at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema in New Delhi on 14 July 2008 where it won the Best Film and Best Actress awards in the Indian Competition section. Umashree won the National Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film.
 Bus Lane (Thai: เมล์นรก หมวยยกล้อ or May narok muay yok law) is a 2007 Thai action-comedy film directed by Kittikorn Liasirikun.
 Real Gone Cat is a 2006 film directed by Robert Sucato and starring Dennis Rowland and Scott Hopkins. The film was an official selection of both the Sedona Film Festival and the Phoenix Film Festival. Hopkins wrote and starred in the film with Rowland.
 Where Others Keep Silent (German: Wo andere schweigen) is a 1984 East German drama film directed by Ralf Kirsten. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bahaghari is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Don Danoand starring Rosa Aguirre Miguel Anzures and Narding Anzures.
 Madha Gaja Raja is an upcoming Tamil Masala film directed by Sundar C. It stars Vishal Krishna Anjali and Varalaxmi Sarathkumar in the leading roles while Prakash Raj and Nithin Sathya play other pivotal supporting roles.
 A Christmas Carol also known as A Christmas Carol: The Musical is a 2004 television film based on a 1994 stage musical of the same name with songs written by Alan Menken (music) and Lynn Ahrens (lyrics). The musical is based on Charles Dickens' famous 1843 novella of the same name produced by Hallmark Entertainment for NBC. It was directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman and features Kelsey Grammer as Ebenezer Scrooge Jason Alexander as Jacob Marley Jesse L.
 Clothes Make the Man is a 1915 American film featuring Oliver Hardy based on the novella Kleider machen Leute by the Swiss author Gottfried Keller from 1874.
 Pipe Dreams is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Staying Single When released in Cambodia's main cinema 'Kirirom' (now closed) in March 2007 and premiered on CTN Cambodia's most popular TV channel in October 2007 is a 100-minute romantic comedy from the production company Khmer Mekong Films (KMF).In Staying Single When KMF pioneered the use of real voices.
 The Artist's Dilemma is a 1901 silent fantasy film directed by Edwin S. Porter for Edison Studios. It was filmed in New York City New York USA. It is short film running two minutes. It features an artist asleep in his studio and his dream of a clock opening and a beautiful woman coming out of it.
 The Snow Queen is a 2005 BBC television movie commissioned by Michael Carrington that is based on the Hans Christian Andersen fairytale of The Snow Queen. Directed by Julian Gibbs it stars Juliet Stevenson as Gerda's mother and the voice of Patrick Stewart as the raven.This film was originally conceived as a vehicle for music composed by Paul K. Joyce. A set of operatic songs had been written by Paul K. Joyce for a concert at the Barbican Arts Centre held in 2003.
 Chaudhvin Ka Chand is a 1960 Hindi feature film directed by Mohammed Sadiq. A production of Guru Dutt the film centers on a love triangle between Guru Dutt Rehman and Waheeda Rehman and features music by Ravi. Farida Jalal is a guest appearance in the film her debut. After the disastrous box-office performance of Kaagaz Ke Phool this was a highly commercially successful comeback film for Guru Dutt which saved Guru Dutt's production studio from ruins.
 Cover is a drama thriller film starring Aunjanue Ellis Razaaq Adoti Vivica A. Fox and Leon. The film was produced and directed by Bill Duke and open at selective theaters on February 22 2008.
 Freckled Max and the Spooks (original: Pehavý Max a strašidlá) is a recut of the series Frankenstein's Aunt into a 96 minute film.
 Corrupt is a 1999 film starring Ice-T and Silkk The Shocker.
 The Space Dream (Chinese: 飛天) is a 2011 Chinese film directed by Wang Jia and Shen Dong.
 The Washerwomen (French: Les Blanchisseuses) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 7 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Karuna is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966. Directed by K. Thankappan and starring Adoor Bhasi Thikkurisi Sukumaran Nair and Sharada.
 Where the Boys Are '84 (onscreen title: Where the Boys Are) is a 1984 remake of the 1960 teen sex comedy film Where the Boys Are starring Lisa Hartman Lorna Luft Wendy Schaal and Lynn-Holly Johnson. Directed by Hy Averback and produced by Allan Carr it was the first film released by Tri-Star Pictures.
 The Hanged Man is an independent supernatural thriller from Tennessee-based production Company Starbox Pictures. A taut psychological thriller full of twists and turns it stars Adam Hatley and Brandon Gibson. The film screened in 2007 at the Indie Memphis Film Festival and is being distributed in 2010 by Osiris Entertainment.
 Replikator is a 1994 science fiction film starring Michael St. Gerard Brigitte Bako and Ned Beatty
 Monsieur Sans-Gêne is a 1935 French romantic comedy film directed by Karl Anton and starring Fernand Gravey Josseline Gaël and Ginette Gaubert. A man creates a national scandal after he mistakenly kisses the wrong woman in a darkened cinema. The following year it was remade as an American comedy One Rainy Afternoon released by United Artists.
 T. D. Dasan Std. VI B is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by Mohan Raghavan and produced by Paul Vadukumcherry.The film deals with a child's desire to see his father and the beginning is made when he gets a clue from a piece of paper he finds in his mother's trunk. The wanderings of the boy's mind and the real unravel of world which is a mix of dreams desires and the present are portrayed in the movie.
 The Man Who Loved Women (French: L'Homme qui aimait les femmes) is a 1977 French comedy/drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Charles Denner Brigitte Fossey and Nelly Borgeaud. In 1983 it was remade in Hollywood under the same title. The film had a total of 955262 admissions in France.
 Perpetual Motion is an independent Chinese film directed by Ning Ying. The film follows four wealthy high-powered women living in Beijing during the Chinese New Year. The film had its North American premiere on September 10 2005 at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Meglio vedova is a 1968 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Killing Season (previously titled Shrapnel) is a 2013 action film written by Evan Daugherty and directed by Mark Steven Johnson for Millennium Films as the first on-screen pairing of actors John Travolta and Robert De Niro. The film pertains to a personal fight between an American war veteran and a former Serb soldier.Daugherty's script caught the attention of producers after winning the 2008 Script Pipeline Screenwriting Competition. The film received negative reviews from critics.
 Iron Lord (Russian: Ярослав. Тысячу лет назад; Yaroslav Tysyachu let Nazad (Yaroslav A Thousand Years Ago)) is a 2010 Russian historical film by director Dmitry Korobkin. It is a full-length feature film that tells the story of Yaroslav the Wise and it was created as part of the preparation for the 1000th anniversary of Yaroslavl City.
 Virginia's Run is a 2002 Canadian-American independent family drama/coming of age film. The movie was filmed in Shelburne Nova Scotia.
 Decision at Sundown is a 1957 western directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott.One of seven Boetticher/Scott western collaborations that also includes Seven Men from Now The Tall T Buchanan Rides Alone Westbound Ride Lonesome and Comanche Station.
 Amma Ariyan (Malayalam: അമ്മ അറിയാന്‍ translation: report to mother) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by avant-garde filmmaker John Abraham. The story revolves around the incidents following the death of a young Naxalite upon whose death his friends travel to the village where his mother lives to inform her of the death of her only son.Amma Ariyan is considered to be a complex movie. Since its release in 1986 critics have read several layers of meaning in its story.
 Strong Enough to Break is a documentary film by Ashley Greyson that follows Hanson's struggle to release a follow-up to their second studio album This Time Around and the creation of their independent record label 3CG Records.
 Nothing Is Impossible is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Lam Wah-Chuen.
 Una spada per l'impero is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Sergio Grieco.
 Ghostquake (also known as Haunted High) is a 2012 American made-for-television horror film produced by Syfy. The film was directed by Jeffrey Lando and written by Paul A. Birkett and Anthony C. Ferrante. The film stars Danny Trejo and MC Gainey. It follows a group of high school students trying to escape the wrath of a few ghastly spirits following an earthquake at their school Holloman High School.
 Spaghetti a mezzanotte aka Spaghetti at Midnight is a 1981 Italian sex comedy directed by Sergio Martino.
 Love Brewed in the African Pot is a 1980 film.
 Auntie's Portrait is a 1915 short comedy film.
 La mazzetta (also known as The Payoff) is an Italian comedy-crime movie directed in 1978 by Sergio Corbucci. It is based on the 1976 crime novel of the same name by the writer Attilio Veraldi.
 Come Back Miss Pipps is a 1941 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 198th Our Gang short (199th episode 110th talking short 111th talking episode and 30th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Kanchana (Tamil: காஞ்சனா–முனி-2) is a 2011 Tamil comedy horror film directed written and produced by Raghava Lawrence as a prequel to his previous venture Muni (2007). The film features himself in the lead role with Sarathkumar in titular character and Lakshmi Rai in other roles. The film released on 22 July 2011 while a dubbed same-titled Telugu version was released a week earlier in Andhra Pradesh.
 Taxa K 1640 efterlyses is a 1956 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Supergator is a 2007 horror film from Roger Corman starring Brad Johnson and Kelly McGillis. The music was by Damon Ebner.
 Springtime with Roo is a 2004 American direct-to-video animated film featuring characters from Disney's Winnie-the-Pooh franchise.
 Mirai Ninja (未来忍者 lit. Future Ninja) known as Cyber Ninja in the United States is a 1998 Japanese science fiction action film directed by Keita Amemiya which was co-produced and released by Namco that premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. An arcade game of the same title was also developed and released by Namco.
 Moolaadé (magical protection) is a 2004 film by the Senegalese writer and director Ousmane Sembène. It addresses the subject of female genital mutilation a common practice in a number of African countries especially those immediately south of the Sahara Desert. The film was a co-production between companies from several Francophone nations: Senegal France Burkina Faso Cameroon Morocco and Tunisia.
 Things We Lost in the Fire is a 2007 drama film directed by Susanne Bier and written by Allan Loeb and starring Halle Berry and Benicio del Toro. The film was released in the United States and Canada on October 19 2007 and in the United Kingdom on February 1 2008.
 The Grinning Granger is a 1920 short Western film directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 The Ragged Edge is a lost 1923 silent film South Sea romance//drama produced by George Arliss(Distinctive Pictures) and distributed by Goldwyn and Cosmopolitan productions. It was directed by F. Harmon Weight and starred Alfred Lunt.
 Tortured Souls is a novelette written by Clive Barker and included with the Tortured Souls series of collectible figures that he designed with Todd McFarlane in 2001. Each chapter was included separately with the series 1 figures. Clive Barker designed a second series of these figures in 2002 and they were also released by Todd McFarlane.The story was broken into six parts each corresponding to the figure with which it was packaged.
 Bhageeratha is a 2005 Telugu movie directed by Rasool Ellore. The film stars Ravi Teja and Shriya Saran in the lead roles. The film was dubbed in Hindi as The Return of Sikander.
 Girls Please! is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard Jane Baxter Meriel Forbes and Peter Gawthorne. In the film a physical education teacher at a girls school is left in charge when the headmistress is absent and has to confront the elopement of one of the pupils.
 The Closet (Chinese: 異塚; pinyin: yì zhǒng) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Kin-Nam Cho.
 The Survivors (Spanish: Los sobrevivientes) is a 1979 Cuban drama film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Heimat is the overall title of several series of films in 32 episodes written and directed by Edgar Reitz which view life in Germany between 1919 and 2000 through the eyes of a family from the Hunsrück area of the Rhineland. Personal and domestic life is set against glimpses of wider social and political events.
 White Lady is a horror and suspense film released in 2006 in Philippines. It is also directed by Jeff Tan. Principal photography of the film was done within the University of the Philippines Los Baños campus.
 The Overcoat (Russian: Шинель) is a 1926 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg based on Nikolai Gogol stories Nevsky Prospekt and The Overcoat.
 Womb (retitled Clone for its UK DVD release) is a 2010 film written and directed by Benedek Fliegauf and starring Eva Green and Matt Smith.
 Hell House is a 2001 documentary that was directed by George Ratliff that focuses on the idea of a hell house a Christian-themed haunted attraction in Cedar Hill Texas. The film follows the youth group of the Cedar Hill Trinity Church documenting the work involved in creating the hell house the performances themselves and the personal lives of some of the participants.
 Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams is a 2007 direct-to-video animated feature produced by DisneyToon Studios. It is the first film in a planned new Disney Princess Enchanted Tales series of direct-to-video films each featuring new stories about the Disney Princesses. It was released on September 4 2007 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment.This DVD features new stories about Princess Aurora from 1959's Sleeping Beauty and Princess Jasmine from 1992's Aladdin.
 Out of Luck is a 1923 American comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Johnny Stool Pigeon is a 1949 black-and-white film noir directed by William Castle and starring Howard Duff Shelley Winters and Dan Duryea.Tony Curtis who made his movie debut that same year appearing in Criss Cross has a non-speaking role as a mob gang member. Stool pigeon in gangster terminology means a police informant.
 Once a Cop (Chinese: 超級計劃) is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Stanley Tong and starring Michelle Yeoh. It is a spin-off of Jackie Chan's Police Story film series involving the character Yeoh portrayed in Police Story 3: Super Cop.The film is also known as Project S in original territories and many other titles including Police Story IV (inaccurately) Police Story 3 Part 2 Supercop (UK) and Supercop 2 (US).
 Up in the Air is a 2009 American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and co-written by Reitman and Sheldon Turner. It is a film adaptation of the 2001 novel of the same name written by Walter Kirn. The story is centered on a corporate downsizer Ryan Bingham (George Clooney) and his travels. The film follows his isolated life and philosophies and the people he meets along the way. Filming was primarily in St. Louis Missouri which substituted for a number of other cities.
 Scent of a Woman (Italian: Profumo di donna) is a 1974 Commedia all'italiana film directed by Dino Risi based on Il buio e il miele a story by Giovanni Arpino. Both Risi and the leading actor Vittorio Gassman won important Italian and French awards. There is also an American remake Scent of a Woman.
 Dream Wife is a 1953 romantic comedy film starring Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.It was directed by Sidney Sheldon and produced by Dore Schary from a screenplay by Herbert Baker Alfred Lewis Levitt and Sidney Sheldon. The music score was by Conrad Salinger the cinematography by Milton R. Krasner and the art direction by Daniel B. Cathcart and Cedric Gibbons.
 Danny the Champion of the World is a 1989 film starring British Oscar winning actor Jeremy Irons with his son Samuel Irons in the title role. It is based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl and tells of a father and son who conspire to thwart a local businessman's plans to buy their land by poaching his game pheasants. It was filmed on location in Oxfordshire mostly at Stonor Park Henley-on-Thames. Although the book was set in the 1970s the film is set in 1955.
 We Still Kill the Old Way (Italian: A ciascuno il suo) is a 1967 Italian crime film directed by Elio Petri. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival where it won the award for Best Screenplay. It is based on the novel To Each His Own by Leonardo Sciascia.
 Razorblade City is a 2010 American independent drama film written and directed by Richard Johnson. This was his third feature length narrative film.
 Asphalt Watches is a 2013 Canadian animated film directed by Shayne Ehman and Seth Scriver. It was screened in the Vanguard section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival where it won the award for Best Canadian First Feature Film.
 Geraftaar is a 1985 Bollywood action film directed by Prayag Raj. It starred Kamal Haasan and Amitabh Bachchan with Madhavi in the lead roles while Rajinikanth played an extended cameo role.
 Thaaikkuppin Thaaram (Tamil: தாய்க்குப்பின் தாரம்) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released on 4 September 1956. It is most notable for Ramachandran (or MGR) using an older film as a flashback in the film. The story was a simple rural tale of love and valour.
 Chain of Events is a 1958 British crime film directed by Gerald Thomas from a radio play by Leo McKern. It starred Susan Shaw Dermot Walsh Jack Watling Freddie Mills and Joan Hickson.
 Natpukaaga (Tamil: நட்புக்காக English: For Friendship) is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. It starred Sarath Kumar and Simran Bagga in the lead roles. It became a success upon release. It was remade into Telugu as Sneham Kosam which starred Chiranjeevi with K. S. Ravikumar directing the version.Later remade in Kannada as Diggajaru (2000).
 Mermaid (Russian: Русалка translit. Rusalka) is a 1996 Russian animated short film directed by Aleksandr Petrov and showcasing the paint-on-glass animation technique for which Petrov is known. The story is based on traditional Slavic folklore about the rusalki river-dwelling mermaids said to be born from the unhappy souls of young women who had committed suicide by drowning—usually after being mistreated by a man.
 My Name Is Jerry is an American independent drama film released on DVD on October 19 2010. by Clothespin Films LLC in association with the Institute for Digital Entertainment and Education at Ball State University in Muncie Indiana. It stars Doug Jones (an alumnus of the university) as Jerry Arthur: a forty-something door-to-door salesman going through a mid-life crisis.
 No Mercy for the Rude (Hangul: 예의없는 것들; RR: Yeui-eomneun Geotdeul) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 Charlie Chan at the Race Track is the 12th film in the 20th Century Fox-produced Charlie Chan series starring Warner Oland in the title role.
 Red Line is a 1996 American action film directed by John Sjogren and written by him Rolfe Kanefsky and Scott Ziehl. It stars Chad McQueen Dom DeLuise Michael Madsen Roxana Zal Jan-Michael Vincent and Corey Feldman. The film also includes small roles and cameos by Julie Strain Robert Z'Dar Chuck Zito Joe Estevez and Ron Jeremy.Immediately prior to filming Jan-Michael Vincent was in a severe car accident that left his face badly scarred.
 Living Goddess is a 2008 film that documents lives of three young Kumaris (prepubescent girls believed to be living goddesses) against the backdrop of the Nepalese Civil War. Premiered at Silverdocs the AFI/Discovery Channel Documentary Festival in Downtown Silver Spring.
 Dead Calm is a 1989 Australian thriller film starring Sam Neill Nicole Kidman and Billy Zane. It was based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Charles Williams. The film was directed by Australian filmmaker Phillip Noyce the very first film in which Graeme Revell composed the score and filmed around the Great Barrier Reef.
 Mr. Jingles is a 2006 American horror film directed by Tommy Brunswick and written by Todd Brunswick. It was followed by a 2009 reboot entitled Jingles the Clown.
 Thomas Kinkade's Home for Christmas also known as The Christmas Cottage is a Michael Campus film released on November 11 2008 on DVD. It tells the story of the inspiration behind Thomas Kinkade's painting The Christmas Cottage and how the artist was motivated to begin his career after discovering his mother was in danger of losing their family home.
 Stranger in Sacramento or Uno straniero a Sacramento is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Bergonzelli.
 Vuk samotnjak (Lone Wolf) is a Croatian Children's film. It was released in 1972.
 Lost Youth (Italian: Gioventù perduta) is a 1948 Italian-language drama film directed by Pietro Germi. The style of the film is close to the Italian neorealism film movement. Two important future film directors Mario Monicelli & Antonio Pietrangeli co-wrote the script.
 To Love a Maori is a 1972 New Zealand film about an interracial romance. It was the seventh and last feature from Rudall Hayward.
 100 Degree Celsius is an upcoming Malayalam film written and directed by Rakesh Gopan. It is a women-centric thriller scripted by Rakesh Gopan stars Shwetha Menon Meghna Raj Bhama Ananya and Haritha. Based on a real-life incident 100 Degree Celsius revolves around the lives of five women - a housewife banker IT professional TV reporter and a college student. The film started shooting in June 2013. 100 Degrees Celsius will be Malayalam cinema's first two-part film.
 Something Different is a lost 1920 silent film produced and distributed by Realart Pictures an affiliate of Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures. It is based on a novel Calderon's Prisoner by Alice Duer Miller The picture was directed by Roy William Neill with some filming being done in Cuba. Some of the cast's passport photos to enter Cuba for this production are found at Flickr.Leo Tover then 19 years old later became a well known cinematographer.
 Forever Darling is a 1956 American romantic comedy film with fantasy overtones starring Lucille Ball Desi Arnaz and James Mason and directed by Alexander Hall. The original screenplay by Helen Deutsch focuses on a married couple whose troubled marriage is saved with the help of a guardian angel.
 All Night Long (オールナイトロング Ooru naito rongu) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Katsuya Matsumura. It is the first in a series of six films. Matsumura won an award for best new director at the Yokohama Film Festival for this film.
 Premsutra is a 2013 Marathi romantic film directed by Tejas Deoskar. Produced by Kshitij Entertainment in association with Kathakaar the film features Sandeep Kulkarni Pallavi Subhash Lokesh Gupte Shruti Marathe Shubha Khote and Shishir Sharma in lead roles.
 Dillagi is a 1978 romantic comedy directed by Basu Chatterjee based on Bengali novel 'Chemistry O Kahaani' by Bimal Kar.It stars Dharmendra playing SwarnKamal - a newly appointed Sanskrit professor in a Girls college. Hema Malini is a strict Chemistry lecturer (Phoolrenu) and warden of the same college.
 Casper's First Christmas is a 30-minute Christmas Television special and crossover produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions that featured Casper the Friendly Ghost and his friend Hairy Scary from the show Casper and the Angels with guest stars Yogi Bear Boo Boo Huckleberry Hound Snagglepuss Quick Draw McGraw and Augie Doggie and Doggie Daddy.
 Bak sju hav (English: Behind seven oceans) is a 1991 Norwegian drama film directed by Saeed Anjum and Espen Thorstenson. Aslam (Sajid M. Hussain) is 8 years old when his father leaves their home in Lahore Pakistan for Norway. After one year Aslam and the rest of the family follow.
 Kartavya is a 1979 Indian Hindi language film directed by Mohan Sehgal. The music in the film is composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal. The film stars Rekha on the lookout for her father's killer and has Dharmendra as a forest officer. The villain in chief is Utpal Dutt. Aruna Irani Ranjeet Nirupa Roy and Suresh Oberoi round off the cast.
 Wallace and Gromit's Cracking Contraptions is a series of ten Wallace and Gromit stop motion animations varying in length from 1 to 3 minutes. Each episode features one of Wallace's new inventions and Gromit's skeptical reaction to it. The series was produced and released in 2002 by Aardman Animations.
 Ek Anek Aur Ekta or One Many and Unity (also known as Ek Chidiya Anek Chidiyan after the title song) is a traditionally animated short educational film released by the Films Division of India (Government of India). It was released in 1974. It was aired on the state-owned Doordarshan and became very popular among children.
 Hi! Dharma! (literally Hey Dharma Let's Play) is a 2001 South Korean comedy about gangsters who hide out in a monastery. It was released on DVD to region 1 on January 21 2002 in Korean with English subtitles. A sequel titled Hi! Dharma 2: Showdown in Seoul was made in 2004.
 The Intimate Stranger was a proposed Australian feature film from director Roy Darling which was never completed although some scenes were shot and the cast included some of the country's finest actors. It was billed as a psychological drama.
 Les Gaz mortels is a 1916 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
 The Poseidon Project is a 2013 documentary film about the search for a lost British submarine called HMS Poseidon. The submarine sank after a collision off the coast of China in 1931. It was widely assumed to be still present in the Bohai Sea 20 miles off the city of Weihai in China's Shandong Province until American author and scuba diver Steven Schwankert discovered that it had been salvaged by a Chinese salvage team in 1972.
 Bending All the Rules is a 2002 film starring Bradley Cooper.
 Whatever It Takes is a teen comedy starring Shane West Marla Sokoloff Jodi Lyn O'Keefe and James Franco. It was first released in America on 31 March 2000. The film is based on the play Cyrano de Bergerac.
 Black Robe is a 1991 film directed by Bruce Beresford. The screenplay was written by Irish Canadian author Brian Moore who adapted it from his novel of the same name.The film's main character Father LaForgue is played by Lothaire Bluteau with other cast members including Aden Young Sandrine Holt Tantoo Cardinal August Schellenberg Gordon Tootoosis and Raoul Trujillo. It was the first official co-production between a Canadian film team and an Australian one.
 Goodnight Ladies and Gentlemen (Italian: Signore e signori buonanotte French: Mesdames et messieurs bonsoir) is a 1976 French-Italian comedy film starring Vittorio Gassman Ugo Tognazzi Nino Manfredi Paolo Villaggio Marcello Mastroianni Senta Berger Adolfo Celi and Felice Andreasi.
 Jai Jagannatha (Oriya: ଜୟ ଜଗନ୍ନାଥ Hindi: जय़ जगन्नाथ Bengali: জয় জগন্নাথ Assamese: জয জগন্নাথ Punjabi: ਜਯ ਜਗੰਨਾਥ Gujarati: જય જગન્નાથ Telugu: జయ జగన్నాథ Tamil: ஜய ஜகநாத Malayalam: ജയ ജഗനാഥ) is a 2007 Indian multilingual mythological film directed by Sabyasachi Mohapatra released in 15 languages. Besides Oriya and Hindi it was released in English Bengali Assamese Chhattisgarhi Bhojpuri Rajasthani Punjabi Gujarati Marathi Telugu Tamil Malayalam and Nepali languages.
 Air Force is a 1943 black-and-white Warner Bros. American war film directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Garfield John Ridgely Harry Carey and Gig Young as crew members on a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress named the Mary-Ann. An uncredited William Faulkner wrote the emotional deathbed scene for actor John Ridgely the pilot of the B-17. Made in the aftermath of the Pearl Harbor attack it was one of the first of the patriotic films of World War II often characterized as a propaganda film.
 Hitman in the City (Chinese: 杀手一出手 literally When The Killer Strikes) is a Singaporean telemovie directed by Jack Neo released in 1998. The film is one of two telemovies produced by J Team.
 Cycle Psycho (also known as Savage Abduction) is a 1973 thriller written and directed by John Lawrence and distributed by Troma Entertainment. This was the last film appearance for Stafford Repp before his death a year later.
 Wholly Moses! is a 1980 Biblical spoof similar to that of Monty Python's Life of Brian. Dudley Moore between performances in 10 and Arthur plays Old Testament-era idol maker Herschel whose life and adventures seem to parallel that of the more famous Moses all the while being misled to think he is the prophet of God.
 Curitiba Zero Grau is a 2010 Brazilian drama film directed by Eloi Pires Ferreira and starring Jackson Antunes.
 This Land Is Mine is a 1943 American war drama film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Charles Laughton Maureen O'Hara and George Sanders. The film is set in an unspecified Nazi-occupied European country. Laughton plays Albert Lory a cowardly school teacher in a small village somewhere in Europe (according to the film's opening title card) who is drawn into the actions of the Resistance through his love of his country and fellow schoolteacher Louise Martin portrayed by O'Hara.
 Sound of My Voice is a 2011 American psychological thriller directed by Zal Batmanglij and starring Christopher Denham Nicole Vicius and Brit Marling. The plot focuses on two documentary filmmakers who attempt to expose a cult led by a charismatic leader (Marling) who claims to be from the future. The film was written by Batmanglij and Marling. It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. It was also selected to close the 2011 SXSW Film Festival.
 A Fish Called Wanda is a 1988 heist-comedy film written by John Cleese and Charles Crichton. It was directed by Crichton and stars Cleese Jamie Lee Curtis Kevin Kline and Michael Palin. Kline won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Otto. Cleese and Palin won BAFTA Awards for Best Lead and Best Supporting for their acting.After a successful jewel heist members of the crew attempt to steal the jewels for themselves but find they have been moved.
 The Unlawful Trade is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Pauline Bush William Lloyd George Cooper and Lon Chaney. George Cooper and directed Allan Dwan also wrote the script. The film is now considered lost.
 Night of the Cobra Woman is a 1972 horror film co-produced by New World Pictures that was shot in the Philippines. Roger Corman expressed great disappointment in the final product and thought its main problem was the script badly lacked logic.
 Heaven Tonight is a 1990 Australian film.
 Tim Cahill: The Unseen Journey is a documentary which follows former Everton F.C. and Socceroo player Tim Cahill in the build up to the 2010 FIFA World Cup. The documentary premiered on Channel Seven at 6:30pm on 3 April 2010 in Australia.
 Secret Honor is a 1984 film written by Donald Freed and Arnold M. Stone (based on their play) directed by Robert Altman and starring Philip Baker Hall as former president Richard M. Nixon a fictional account attempting to gain insight into Nixon's personality life attitudes and behavior. It was filmed at the University of Michigan.
 Patnam Vachina Pativrathalu (Telugu: పట్నం వచ్చిన పతివ్రతలు) is a 1982 Telugu film directed by Mouli. The film stars Chiranjeevi Mohan Babu Radhika Geetha Rao Gopal Rao and Nutan Prasad in important roles. This film was remake of successful Kannada film Pattanakke Banda Patniyaru released in 1980. The song Shankara Gangadhara..... is the same tune in both Kannada and Telugu versions.
 Temptation Harbour is a British black and white crime/drama film directed by Lance Comfort released in 1947 based on the novel Newhaven-Dieppe by Georges Simenon. The film was made at Welwyn Film Studios.
 Ghost of Zorro (1949) is a Republic Movie serial. It uses substantial stock footage from earlier serials including Son of Zorro and Daredevils of the West. This movie was shot in Chatsworth Los Angeles.
 Longtime Companion is a 1989 film with Bruce Davison Campbell Scott Patrick Cassidy and Mary-Louise Parker. The first wide-release theatrical film to deal with the subject of AIDS the film takes its title from the words The New York Times used to describe the surviving same-sex partner of someone who had died of AIDS during the 1980s.
 Katanga Business is a 2009 film by Belgian director Thierry Michel that explores the mining industry in Katanga Province Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Lawyer Vera (Czech: Advokátka Věra) is a 1937 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Fighting 69th (1940) is an American war film starring James Cagney Pat O'Brien and George Brent. The plot is based upon the actual exploits of New York City's 69th Infantry Regiment during the First World War. The regiment was first given that nickname by opposing General Robert E. Lee during the American Civil War.In addition to father Father Francis P.
 The Deep Blue Sea is a 1955 British drama film directed by Anatole Litvak starring Vivien Leigh and Kenneth More and released by Twentieth Century Fox. The picture was based on the play of the same name by Terence Rattigan. Rattigan's play has also been filmed by Terence Davies with Rachel Weisz in the Vivien Leigh role of 'Hester' and Tom Hiddleston as 'Freddie'.
 All the Fine Promises (original French title: Toutes ces belles promesses) is a 2003 French movie directed by Jean-Paul Civeyrac based on the novel Hymne à l'amour by Anne Wiazemsky.
 The Coming of Amos (1925) is a silent film romantic drama produced by Cecil B. DeMille and distributed by his Producers Distributing Corporation. Copies of this film survive and can be found on home video and more recently on DVD.
 Cheech & Chong's Animated Movie is an American stoner comedy-animated film by Branden Chambers and Eric D. Chambers. It stars comedy duo Cheech and Chong in their first feature film since 1984's The Corsican Brothers and the first to feature them as animated characters. The film features several of their original comedy bits such as Sister Mary Elephant Sgt. Stedanko Ralph and Herbie Let's Make a Dope Deal Earache My Eye and the classic Dave's not here man.
 Federal Operator 99 or F.B.I 99 on its edited television release is a 1945 Republic film serial.
 Aszparuh (Bulgarian: 681 г.: Величието на хана) is a 1981 three-part Bulgarian historical action and drama film telling the story of Khan Asparuh and the events around the founding of the medieval Bulgarian state in 681 AD. It was shot and released on the occasion of the 1300th anniversary of Bulgaria.
 Land Raiders is a 1969 Western film directed by Nathan Juran. It stars Telly Savalas and George Maharis and was filmed in Spain and Hungary.
 Swanthamevide? Bandhamevide? is a Malayalam film released in 1984. Directed by Sasikumar this film is about the issues cropping up inside the family after the marriage of two sons. Mohanlal Jose Prakash Swapna Lalu Alex Menaka and Adoor Bhasi appeared in leading roles.
 Black Angel is a 1946 film noir based on the novel The Black Angel by Cornell Woolrich. The film was director Roy William Neill's last film.
 Juge Juge Ami Tomari (Bengali: যুগে যুগে তুমি আমারই) is an upcoming film directed by Jakir Hossin Raju. starring Shakib Khan Ferdous and Apu Biswas in the lead roles. Reportedly the film will be based on a love triangle. this film is delay due to death of producer.
 Mercilessly Betrayed is a 2006 pornographic horror film written and directed by A. Simona and co-written by Jimmy Tourette and Mike.
 Curse of the Undead is a 1959 American vampire/Western film directed by Edward Dein and starring Eric Fleming Michael Pate Kathleen Crowley John Hoyt Bruce Gordon and Jimmy Murphy.
 On the Way to School (Turkish: İki Dil Bir Bavul) is a 2008 Turkish documentary film directed by Orhan Eskiköy and Özgür Doğan. It has attracted 78000 people in eight weeks an impressive showing for a documentary.The film is an openhearted account of a young Turkish teacher during a school year in a Kurdish village in southeastern Turkey.
 John Goldfarb Please Come Home is a 1965 black comedy film based on the novel by William Peter Blatty published in 1963. The movie was directed by J. Lee Thompson.
 Nyayave Devaru (Kannada: ನ್ಯಾಯವೇ ದೇವರು) is a 1971 Indian Kannada film directed by Siddalingaiah. It stars Rajkumar and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles. The supporting cast features K. S. Ashwath Aarathi Dwarakish M. P. Shankar Dinesh B. Jaya and Vajramuni. The song Akashave Beelali Mele from the film went on to become one of the biggest hits ever.
 Barney's Colorful World was a stage show based on the Barney franchise. The show was first performed in January 2003 and toured until late 2004. In this stage show Barney & his friends go around the world with the power of imagination. The video of the stage show was taped at the Dodge Theater in Phoenix Arizona and was released in September 2004.
 A Thousand Kisses Deep is a 2011 film directed by Dana Lustig and based on a screenplay by Alex Kustanovich and Vadim Moldovan. The film starring Dougray Scott Jodie Whittaker and Emilia Fox is a science-fiction thriller about a young woman who via time-travel pieces together the events that led to her own death. The film premiered at the 2011 Raindance Film Festival in the United Kingdom and was released in June 2012 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 Mohabbat zindagi hai is a Pakistani Urdu colour film directed by Iqbal Akhtar and produced by Begum Riaz. It is a romantic and musical film. It cast Mohammad Ali Zeba Waheed Murad Mumtaz Nayyar Sultana Qavi Saqi and Lehri. Waheed Murad played a secondary role and Zeba played a lead role against Mohammad Ali.
 One Deadly Summer (French: L'été meurtrier) is a French film directed by Jean Becker. Isabelle Adjani won a César award for her performance in this film. The film was a massive hit in France gaining 5137040 admissions and was the 2nd highest grossing film of the year.
 Big Ain't Bad is a romantic comedy film directed by Ray Culpepper and written by Brian Poe (aka Drayton Jamison). It stars Sean Blakemore (2012 Daytime Emmy Nominee for his role on ABC-TV's General Hospital) Jade Jenise Dixon Reginald Ballard Tico Wells and Troy Medley. The film won the Audience Choice Award at the 2003 Hollywood Black Film Festival in Los Angeles California. It was the Kick Off Film to the Fox Theater's 75th Anniversary Summer Film Series in Atlanta in 2004.
 Lady in the Death House is a 1944 American film directed by Steve Sekely.
 Nauker is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fifth highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 The Patrol is a 2013 British action drama film set in Helmand Province Afghanistan in 2006. It looks at the Afghan conflict through the eyes of British soldiers. It won Film of the Festival (Feature) at Raindance Film Festival 2013.
 Dancing Co-ed is a 1939 romantic comedy film starring Lana Turner Richard Carlson and Artie Shaw as himself.
 The Zone of Death (French: La Zone de la mort) is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
 Fraternité English: Brotherhood is a French comedy TV film from 1954 directed by René Lucot written by Fernand Fleuret starring Julien Carette and Louis de Funès.
 I Am the Cheese is a 1983 American film adaptation of Robert Cormier's 1977 novel of the same name about a young man's journey to find the truth behind his family.
 Madame X is a 1916 silent drama film directed by George F. Marion based on the 1908 play by French playwright Alexandre Bisson (1848-1912).
 Israel: A Right to Live is a 1967 documentary shot in Israel about the Six-Day War. John Schlesinger directed and Harry Saltzman produced. Anthony B. Richmond photographed the 16 mm film. Wolf Mankowitz wrote the narration; David Samuelson was a camera assistant.
 Bleak Night (Hangul: 파수꾼; RR: Pasuggun; lit. The Lookout) is a 2010 South Korean coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Yoon Sung-hyun. The film is about a father's search for answers following his son's death and the shifting dynamics at play among three high-school friends.
 Space Is the Place is an 82-minute science fiction film made in 1972 and released in 1974. It was directed by John Coney written by Sun Ra and Joshua Smith and features Sun Ra and his Arkestra. A soundtrack was released on Evidence Records.
 Lucky Ghost is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine. The film is a sequel to the 1941 film Mr. Washington Goes to Town.The film is also known as Lady Luck (new American title).
 That Wonderful Urge is a 1948 20th Century Fox screwball comedy film directed by Robert Sinclair and starring Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney. It is a remake of Love Is News (1937) which starred Power and Loretta Young.
 Mutharamkunnu P.O. is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Sibi Malayil with Mukesh and Lizy in the lead roles. The movie was noted for the special appearance of famous Indian actor and wrestler Dara Singh.
 Outrage is a 1950 black-and-white B-movie starring Mala Powers. It was directed by noted film noir actress and pioneering female director Ida Lupino. Lupino also wrote the film along with the producers Malvin Wald and her then-husband Collier Young.
 Chris & Don is a 2008 documentary film that chronicles the lifelong relationship between author Christopher Isherwood and his much younger lover artist Don Bachardy. Chris & Don combines present-day interviews archival footage shot by the couple from the 1950s excerpts from Isherwood's diaries and playful animations to recount their romance. It was directed by Guido Santi and Tina Mascara and was the centerpiece film at NewFest the New York LGBTQ Film Festival in 2008.
 Dream of Love was a 1928 American silent biographical drama film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Joan Crawford and Nils Asther. The film is based on the 1849 French tragedy Adrienne Lecouvreur by Eugène Scribe and Ernest Legouvé.In the film Asther plays Prince Maurice de Saxe and Crawford plays Adrienne Lecouvreur a Gypsy performer in a tale of lost love and revenge. Dream of Love is now considered lost.
 JACO is an upcoming feature documentary film on the life of legendary musician Jaco Pastorius slated for release in late 2014. The film is a passion project of Metallica bassist Robert Trujillo who was greatly influenced by Jaco Pastorius's larger-than-life persona and his approach to music. The film is produced by Trujillo and John Battsek of Passion Pictures and directed by Paul Marchand and Stephen Kijak.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is an American science fiction miniseries produced by Hallmark Entertainment. It stars Treat Williams Jeremy London and Bryan Brown. It is based on Jules Verne's classic novel Journey to the Center of the Earth.
 Treevenge is a short film written and directed by Jason Eisener and produced by Yer Dead Productions. Shooting started in November 2007 and ended in February 2008. Post-production was completed in June 2008. The film stars Jonathan Torrens Sarah E. Dunsworth Lex Gigeroff Molly Dunsworth Glenn Matthews and Kristin Slaney. The theme song to the film Cannibal Holocaust is played during the opening title.
 Hot Money is an ITV film first shown in December 2001.Inspired by the Loughton incinerator thefts Caroline Quentin stars as a cleaner at the Bank of England who hatches a plot for impoverished workers to pinch cash before it's incinerated.
 Yudda Bhoomi (Telugu: యుద్ద భూమి English: Battlefield) is a 1988 Telugu film. It was directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and starred Chiranjeevi in the lead role while Vijayashanti Mohan Babu Murali Mohan Nutan Prasad Allu Rama Lingaiah played other important roles.
 Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: Clash!! The Power of 10 Billion Warriors (ドラゴンボールZ 激突!!100億パワーの戦士たち Doragon Bōru Zetto Gekitotsu!! Hyaku-Oku Pawā no Senshi-tachi) is the sixth Dragon Ball Z movie originally released in Japan on March 7 1992 at the Toei Anime Fair along with the second Dragon Quest: Dai no Daibōken and the third Magical Tarurūto-kun movie. It was released on DVD in the United States on August 13 2002.
 The Usual Suspects is a 1995 American crime thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie. It stars Stephen Baldwin Gabriel Byrne Benicio del Toro Chazz Palminteri Kevin Pollak Pete Postlethwaite and Kevin Spacey.The film follows the interrogation of Roger Verbal Kint a small-time con man who is one of only two survivors of a massacre and fire on a ship docked at the Port of Los Angeles.
 Backstage is a 1988 Australian film starring American singer Laura Branigan. The film was written and directed by Academy Award nominee Jonathan Hardy who had also written Breaker Morant.
 Tras el cristal (English: In a Glass Cage) is a 1987 Spanish film written and directed by Agustí Villaronga and starring Günter Meisner Marisa Paredes and David Sust. The plot follows an ex-Nazi sadistic child abuser who is now paralyzed and depending on an iron lung to live. A young man who comes to nurse him was one his former victims years before. The film was inspired by the history of Gilles de Rais.
 Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu (English : White Moon Kabadi Crew) is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by newcomer Susindran starring debutant Vishnu Vishal Kishore and Saranya Mohan along with numerous other newcomers in the lead roles.It was later remade in Telugu as Bheemili Kabaddi Jattu in the year 2010 with Nani and Saranya Mohan in the lead.
 Chakravarthy is a 1995 Tamil crime film directed by M. Baskar. The film features Karthik and Bhanupriya in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 28 July 1995.
 Miles of Fire/The Burning Miles (Russian: Огненные вёрсты translit. Ognennye versty) is an early Red Western filmed by Samson Samsonov in 1957. Often considered the earliest of the 'Red Westerns' (or 'Osterns') it was made before the term was coined.
 The Terrace (Spanish: La terraza) is a 1963 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Il minestrone is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Devil's Garden is a lost 1920 silent film produced by Whitman Bennett directed by Kenneth Webb and released through First National Exhibitor's Circuit later First National Pictures. The film starred Lionel Barrymore May McAvoy and Barrymore's first wife Doris Rankin. It is based on a novel The Devil's Garden by William Babington Maxwell and was the first film for Whitman Bennett Productions.
 I G Inspector General is a 2009 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan. The movie features Suresh Gopi and Nandini in the lead roles.
 Chronopolis is a 1982 science fiction film directed by Polish animator Piotr Kamler with music composed by Luc Ferrari and narration by Michael Lonsdale. It was Kamler's first and only full length film. The film won Best Children's Film for 1982 and was nominated for the International Fantasy Film Award in 1983. The film was shown out of competition at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cosmos (Turkish: Kosmos) is a 2010 Turkish-Bulgarian drama film written and directed by Reha Erdem starring Sermet Yeşil as a thief and a miracle-worker who is welcomed into a tiny snowbound border village after resuscitating a half-drowned boy.
 Married to a Mormon is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent Clive Brook and George Wynn. The film is anti-Mormon and involves the taking of young virginal English women to Utah to become wives. It is considered to be a lost film.
 Prosperity is a 1932 American comedy-drama film starring Marie Dressler and Polly Moran. The two leading actresses play longtime matriarchal ladies comically sparring off each other and trying to control their intertwined lives.
 The White Bird Marked with Black (Ukrainian: Білий Птах З Чорною Ознакою Russian: Белая птица с чёрной отметиной trans. Bilyi Ptakh z Chornoyu Oznakoyu Belaya ptitsa s chornoy otmetinoy) is a 1971 Ukrainian-Soviet drama film directed by Yuri Ilyenko. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival and won the Golden Prize.
 The Vampire of Düsseldorf or Le Vampire de Düsseldorf is a 1965 thriller film directed by Robert Hossein. It was joint production between Spain France and Italy but was filmed in French. The film was based on the life and crimes of German serial killer Peter Kürten.
 The China Lake Murders is a television movie starring Tom Skerritt. This 1990 film is about a small desert town that experiences a series of murders. The film was rated PG-13 and first aired on the USA Network and for many years held the record for the highest rated basic cable film.
 Raat Ke Rahi is a 1959 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed by Naseem. It was a Pushpanjali production with music by Bipin Babul and lyrics by Vishwamitra Adil. The cast included Shammi Kapoor Jabeen Nazir Hussain Anwar Hussain and Achala Sachdev. Naseem (Salamuddin) went on to direct the successful Bhojpuri film Hamar Sansar (1967) which was produced by Nazir Hussain.According to Jabeen in an interview Raat Ke Rahi was one of the first films to be made with a Christian background.
 De tre måske fire is a 1939 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Morning Glory is a 1933 pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager but naive would-be actress and her journey to stardom. It stars Katharine Hepburn Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Adolphe Menjou. The movie was adapted by Howard J. Green from a then not yet stage produced play with the same name by Zoë Akins and was directed by Lowell Sherman. Katharine Hepburn won her first Academy Award for Best Actress for this movie.
 False Shame (German:Falsche Scham) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Biebrach Olaf Storm and Eric Cordell. It premiered in Berlin on 15 March 1926.
 Madadgaar is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Puri and produced by Nirmal Anand. It stars Jeetendra and Sulakshana Pandit in pivotal roles.
 The Pizza Triangle (Italian: Dramma della gelosia (tutti i particolari in cronaca) and also release as Drama of Jealousy) is a 1970 Italian commedia all'italiana film directed by Ettore Scola and written by Scola and the famous screenwriter duo of Age & Scarpelli. It stars Marcello Mastroianni Monica Vitti Giancarlo Giannini. It was coproduced with Spain and Spanish actors Manuel Zarzo and Juan Diego are dubbed into Italian.
 I Justice (Czech: Já spravedlnost; German: Als Hitler den Krieg überlebte [If Hitler Would Have Survived the War]) is a 1968 Czechoslovak psychological thriller directed by Zbyněk Brynych.
 The Consequences of Love (Italian: Le conseguenze dell'amore) is a 2004 Italian psychological thriller film directed by Paolo Sorrentino. It tells the story of a lonely and secretive Italian businessman living in a Swiss hotel. The film competed at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival. It won five David di Donatello awards including Best Film Best Director and Best Actor. It was also the first film to achieve widespread critical acclaim for Sorrentino.
 Saltwater is a 2012 film directed by Charlie Vaugn. It was written produced by Ronnie Kerr who also acted in the film. It was funded by Kickstarter. The executive producer was Michael Shoel and line producer was Creep Creepersin.Saltwater premiered on July 14 2012 at the 18th Annual Philadelphia QFest. Qfest is the east coast's largest LGBT film festival and the third largest of its kind in the nation. Saltwater played to a sold-out crowd in the Ritz Bourse theater.
 The Boneyard is a 1991 direct-to-video horror film directed by James Cummins.
 The Chess Set is a 2005 Australian short subject depicting two old men Stuart Wagstaff and Frank Wilson who enjoy their daily chess game in a park. One day a young stranger (Nathaniel Dean) joins them to watch their game leaving his blood on one of the men. Grief soon follows but turns to hope.Frank Wilson won the award for Best Actor at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival but died the next day.
 The Navy Way is a 1944 American film directed by William Berke concentrating on US Navy recruit training with many sequences filmed at the Great Lakes Naval Training Center.
 Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak or QSQT (From Doom to Doom) is a 1988 Indian Bollywood romantic drama film written by Nasir Hussain and directed by his son Mansoor Khan. The film's plot hints to be inspired by Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. The film starred Hussain's nephew Aamir Khan along with Juhi Chawla in their first major roles. Upon release The movie was a major Success and was declared Blockbuster at the boxoffice and shot its leading stars to fame overnight.
 The Year Of The Horse is the name of a VHS released by singer/songwriter Sinéad O'Connor in 1991. The concert was recorded live at Forest National Brussels (Belgium) on 29 October 1990 and Ahoy Sport Paleis Rotterdam (Netherlands) on 30 October 1990. The concert was re-released in 2004 in DVD format as Live: The Year of the Horse/The Value of Ignorance.
 Alien 2: On Earth (Alien 2: Sulla Terra) also known as Alien Terror and Strangers is a 1980 Italian science fiction film written and directed by Ciro Ippolito before the trademark Alien was registered. It is the unofficial sequel to the 1979 film Alien albeit having no connection to the film storywise.
 Wetback: The Undocumented Documentary is an 2005 Canadian documentary film.The film was funded by the Canada Council for the Arts and written and directed by Arturo Perez Torres.It was released by the independent studio Open City Works and distributed by the Ironweed film club.The filmmakers follow Nayo and Milton (whose surnames are not given) migrants from Chinandega Nicaragua as they cross through Honduras El Salvador Guatemala Mexico and the United States in their attempt to reach Canada. 
 Hier encore je t’espérais toujours is a Canadian 2008 documentary film.
 Strip Tease Murder is a 1961 British film thriller.
 The Life & Adventures of Santa Claus is a 2000 film created by Mike Young Productions and released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment. It is based on the L. Frank Baum novel of the same name.
 Captain Applejack (1931) is an all-talking pre-code comedy mystery drama film which was produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. The film was directed by Hobart Henley and stars John Halliday Mary Brian Kay Strozzi and Arthur Edmund Carewe. The film was based on a 1921 play of the same name written by Walter C. Hackett. The play had previously been filmed as a silent film in 1923 under the title of Strangers of the Night.
 Police Chief Antek (Antek policmajster) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 The Black Velvet Gown is a 1991 TV film based on the novel by Catherine Cookson and starring Janet McTeer Geraldine Somerville and Bob Peck. It won an International Emmy for Best Drama.The film was produced by Worldwide International Production for Tyne Tees Television.
 I Love Lucy aka I Love Lucy: The Movie is a 1953 American feature film spin-off of the sitcom I Love Lucy. Except for one test screening in Bakersfield California the film was never theatrically released and was shelved.
 How I Live Now is a 2013 British drama film based on the 2004 novel of same name by Meg Rosoff directed by Kevin Macdonald and script written by Tony Grisoni Jeremy Brock and Penelope Skinner. The film stars Saoirse Ronan Tom Holland Anna Chancellor George MacKay Corey Johnson and Sabrina Dickens. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Interview was a 1973 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen. A path-breaking film in terms of the narrative innovation and cinematic technique it was a commercial success went to run for six weeks amidst gushing admiration and accolades when it was screened first. It also happened to be the debut film of Ranjit Mullick.
 Labu dan Labi (Labu and Labi) is a 1962 Malaysian & Singaporean buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The movie revolves around the antics of Labu and Labi two servants with wild imaginations who work in the house of a wealthy but miserly man Haji Bakhil bin Haji Kedekut. The movie is filmed in the style of a stage pantomime with over-the-top comedy and featuring the characters occasionally talking directly to the audience.
 Folly to Be Wise is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Frank Launder and starring Alastair Sim Elizabeth Allan Roland Culver Colin Gordon Martita Hunt and Edward Chapman. It is based on the play It Depends What You Mean by James Bridie. The film follows the efforts of a British Army Chaplain attempting to recruit entertainment acts to perform for the troops and the complications that ensue when he does.
 Bikini Island is a 1991 American crime thriller film directed by Tony Markes and starring Holly Floria and Alicia Anne. It has been cited as an erotic thriller.James M. Craddock describes the plot as Beautiful swimsuit models gather on a remote tropical island for a big photo shoot each vying to be the next cover girl of the hottest swimsuit magazine. Before long scantily clad lovelies are turning up dead.
 Seven O' Clock is a Kannada romance film released in 2006. It was produced by N. M. Suresh under Sri Thulaja Bhavani Creations banner. It is directed and written by well known cinematographer-turned-director Santosh Rai Pathaje. Mithun Tejaswi and Pooja Kanwal appeared in lead roles both making their debuts.
 A Somewhat Gentle Man (Norwegian: En ganske snill mann and also known as Regnskap) is a 2010 Norwegian comedy film directed by Hans Petter Moland. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Haal – E – dil shortened as HED (Hindi: हाल ए दिल Urdu: حالِ دل‎ translation: The State of Heart) directed by Anil Devgan is a 2008 romance film starring Adhyayan Suman and Amita Patak. Story wise it was the debut of actor Adhyayan Suman who is the son of retro-actor Shekhar Suman. The film deals with issues of the “love within” the human psyche and how it manifests itself. It is based on the love stories of three people.
 No Worries is a 1994 film directed by David Elfick. It was based on a play Elfick had seen in the 1980s.
 Bending the Rules is a 2012 action comedy film directed by Artie Mandelberg produced by WWE Studios and starring Adam Edge Copeland and Jamie Kennedy. The film was released on March 9 2012 in select theaters in the United States for a limited time. The film is rated PG-13 for violence and sexual references.
 The Legacy (French: La donation) is a 2009 film directed by Bernard Émond. The film received the Special Grand Prize of Youth Jury and the Don Quixote Award of the Locarno International Film Festival. It will also compete at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2009.
 Men with Guns (Spanish: Hombres armados) is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by John Sayles and starring Federico Luppi Damián Delgado and Mandy Patinkin. The executive producers were Lou Gonda and Jody Patton.Set in an unnamed Latin American country it is the story of one man's discovery of what actually happened in the political history of his nation as well as his students. It was filmed in Mexico and most of the crew were Mexican.
 Bayalu Daari (Kannada: ಬಯಲುದಾರಿ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed and produced by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel by Bharathi Sutha. The film starred Ananth Nag Kalpana and Ashok in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Tatlong Taong Walang Diyos (Japanese 神なしで3年) is a 1976 award-winning Filipino Film by Mario O'Hara starred by Nora Aunor (Rosario) Christopher De Leon (Masugi) and Bembol Roco (Crispin).
 Weekend at Bernie's II is a comedy film released in 1993 by TriStar Pictures and was the sequel to the 1989 comedy Weekend at Bernie's with Andrew McCarthy Jonathan Silverman and Terry Kiser reprising their roles.
 Mi marido y mi novio is a 1955 Argentine film.
 Kung Fu Panda Holiday is a 2010 American television special that premiered on NBC on November 24 2010. Featured are the voices of Jack Black Dustin Hoffman Angelina Jolie Jackie Chan Seth Rogen David Cross Lucy Liu James Hong and Jack McBrayer. The special's premiere broadcast drew 5.925 million viewers.
 Momose Kocchi wo Muite (百瀬、こっちを向いて。 Momose Kotchi o Muite) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese film. The theme song will be sung by Weaver.
 TPB AFK: The Pirate Bay Away From Keyboard is a documentary film released on 8 February 2013 directed by Simon Klose based on the lives of the three founders of The Pirate Bay: Peter Sunde Fredrik Neij and Gottfrid Svartholm. Filming began in Summer 2008 and concluded on 25 February 2012.
 There's Something About Mary is a 1998 comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers Bobby and Peter. It stars Cameron Diaz Matt Dillon and Ben Stiller and it is a combination of romantic comedy and gross-out film.The film was placed 27th in the American Film Institute's 100 Years 100 Laughs: America's Funniest Movies a list of the 100 funniest movies of the 20th century. In 2000 readers of Total Film magazine voted it the 4th greatest comedy film of all time.
 Peculiarities of the National Fishing (Russian: Особенности национальной рыбалки Osobennosti natsionalnoy rybalki) is a 1998 Russian comedy.
 'Gator Bait is a 1974 thriller film written produced and directed by Beverly Sebastion and Ferd Sebastion. The film starred former Playboy Playmate of the Year Claudia Jennings. It was followed by the sequel 'Gator Bait II: Cajun Justice.
 Taza Son of Cochise is a 1954 western film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Rock Hudson and Barbara Rush. The film was shot in 3D but only released in 2D at the time.
 Sangharshana (Telugu: సంఘర్షణ) is a 1983 Telugu film. It stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role. Vijayashanti and Prabhakar Reddy play other vital roles in this film.
 Long Pants (also known as Johnny Newcomer) is a 1927 American comedy silent film starring Harry Langdon and directed by Frank Capra. Additional cast members include Gladys Brockwell Alan Roscoe Priscilla Bonner and others.
 Now You See It... is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie. The film is told in Allyson's (Aly Michalka) point of view similar to a documentary.
 The Climbers is a 1919 silent film produced and distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America. It is based on Clyde Fitch's Broadway play. This film was directed by Tom Terriss and stars Corinne Griffith.A previous version of Fitch's play had been made in 1915 as The Climbers with Gladys Hanson and a later version in 1927 again as The Climbers with Irene Rich.Print preserved in the Library of Congress.
 The Shooting of Dan McGrew is a 1915 silent American drama film directed by Herbert Blaché based on the poem of the same name. It was produced by Solax Studios when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
 Barefoot is a 2014 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Andrew Fleming and starring Evan Rachel Wood Scott Speedman Treat Williams Kate Burton and J. K. Simmons. It is a remake of the 2005 German film Barfuss. The film premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on February 2 2014 before receiving a limited release on February 21 2014.
 Rog (Hindi: रोग Urdu: روگ‎ translation: malady) is a 2005 Hindi-language Bollywood thriller film directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt written by Mahesh Bhatt and produced by Pooja Bhatt. The film stars Irrfan Khan and former model Ilene Hamann in the lead roles. Its plot is based on the 1944 Hollywood suspense thriller Laura.
 Love Bites (also known as Love Bites: The Reluctant Vampire) is a 1993 comedy film starring 1980s pop star Adam Ant Kimberly Foster Roger Rose and Michelle Forbes. The film was directed by Malcolm Marmorstein who also wrote the screenplay.
 Face (顔 Kao) is a 2000 Japanese film directed by Junji Sakamoto. At the 24th Japan Academy Prize it won one award and received four other nominations.
 Khoya Khoya Chand (translation: Lost Moon) is a Bollywood film directed by Sudhir Mishra which released on 7 December 2007. The film stars Shiney Ahuja and Soha Ali Khan in the lead roles with Rajat Kapoor Sushmita Mukherjee Sonya Jehan and Vinay Pathak in important roles. The film captures the lifestyle of celebrities with aplomb with the 1950s film industry as its backdrop.
 Leo and Loree is a 1980 film directed by Jerry Paris.
 The Temptation of St. Tony (Estonian: Püha Tõnu kiusamine) is a 2009 Estonian film written and directed by Veiko Õunpuu starring Taavi Eelmaa. The plot has been described as a black comedy and centers around a successful middle aged man who becomes interested in questions about morality. The film was a co-production between companies from Estonia Sweden and Finland.
 Gentleman Jim is a 1942 film starring Errol Flynn as heavyweight boxing champion James J. Corbett (1866-1933). The supporting cast includes Alexis Smith Jack Carson Alan Hale William Frawley and Ward Bond. The movie was based upon Corbett's autobiography The Roar of the Crowd and directed by Raoul Walsh. James John Corbett became world heavyweight boxing champion on March 17 1897 when he knocked out John L. Sullivan in twenty-one rounds.
 Monster Man is a 2003 American comedy horror film written and directed by Michael Davis and stars Eric Jungmann Justin Urich Aimee Brooks and Michael Bailey Smith.
 Miss Pilgrim's Progress is a 1950 British black-and-white film by producer Nat Cohen.
 Charlie Strap Froggy Ball and Their Friends (Swedish: Kalle Stropp Grodan Boll och deras vänner) is a 1956 Swedish animated feature film directed by after an original script by Thomas Funck using Funck's already well-established characters. It follows a shorter film made by the same team in 1987 Charlie Strap and Froggy Ball.
 Koko: A Talking Gorilla (French: Koko le gorille qui parle) is a 1978 documentary directed by Barbet Schroeder that focuses on Dr. Francine 'Penny' Patterson and her work with Koko the gorilla Patterson claims to have taught to communicate with humans using symbols taken from American Sign Language. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 In Search of La Che is a spoof documentary following music fan John Tavish in his quest to retrace the steps of missing Scottish rock star Roxy La Che.
 An Unfinished Life is a 2005 drama film directed by Swedish director Lasse Hallström and based on the Mark Spragg novel of the same name. The film stars Robert Redford Jennifer Lopez and Morgan Freeman. It is the story of a Wyoming rancher (Redford) who must reconcile his relationship with his daughter-in-law (Lopez) and granddaughter after they show up unexpectedly at his ranch and ask to stay with him and his disabled best friend and neighbor (Freeman).
 The Beggars (Portuguese: Os Mendigos) is a 1962 Brazilian drama film directed by Flávio Migliaccio. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Kaiser's Lackey (German: der Untertan; also known in English as Man of Straw and The Loyal Subject) is a 1951 East German film directed by Wolfgang Staudte based on Heinrich Mann's 1918 satirical novel by the same name.
 Bread of Love (Swedish: Kärlekens bröd) is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kruté radosti (Cruel Joys) is a 2002 Slovak-Czech comedy starring Tatiana Pauhofová. The film directed by Juraj Nvota produced several awards. Amongs others at Art Film Fest Festival of Slovak Film Cran-Gevrier while Ondřej Vetchý earned an award as the Best Male Actor at the IFF Faces of Love in Moscow Russia.
 Aladdin and the King of Thieves is a 1996 animated film that is the second direct-to-video sequel to the Disney animated feature Aladdin.
 Lost and Found (simplified Chinese: 我叫刘跃进; traditional Chinese: 我叫劉躍進; pinyin: Wǒ jiào Liù Yùejìn) is a 2008 Chinese black comedy film and the third feature film directed by Ma Liwen. The film was based on the novel I am Liu Yuejin by Liu Zhenyun and tells the story of a down-on-his-luck migrant cook who loses his life savings while in Beijing. The film is also known by the original Chinese title I am Liu Yuejin.
 Love in the Afternoon (original title: L'Amour l'après-midi and released in North America as Chloe in the Afternoon) is a 1972 film by Éric Rohmer. It is the sixth and final movie in Rohmer's Six Moral Tales series. An English-language remake starring Chris Rock titled I Think I Love My Wife was released in 2007. Neither film is a remake or derivative of Love in the Afternoon a 1957 romantic comedy directed by Billy Wilder.
 21 Days also known as 21 Days Together in the U.S. is a 1940 British drama film based on the short play The First and the Last by John Galsworthy. It was directed by Basil Dean and stars Vivien Leigh Laurence Olivier and Leslie Banks. It was filmed in black and white.
 Nedunchaalai is a 2014 Tamil film directed by N. Krishna and produced by C. Soundarajan. The film features Aari and Shivada Nair in the lead roles with Prashant Narayanan in another pivotal role. The film released on March 28 2014.
 Shake Rattle and Roll 12 is a 2010 Filpino horror suspense film in three acts from Regal Films. It is the twelfth installment of Shake Rattle & Roll film series. It was also distributed by the Regal Entertainment Inc. and Regal Multimedia Inc. It was an official entry in the 2010 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Nagamandala (Kannada: ನಾಗಮಂಡಲ) is a Kannada language film directed by T.S. Nagabharana. Written by Girish Karnad and released in the year 1997 the film is named after a ritual called Nagamandala. It stars Prakash Raj and Vijayalakshmi in the lead roles. The film upon release went on to win many prestigious awards for its content and screen adaptation. The soundtrack consisting of 15 tracks tuned by C. Ashwath became very popular for the folksy touch.
 Slaves to the Underground is a 1997 drama film starring Molly Gross Jason Bortz and Marisa Ryan.
 La bestia debe morir is a 1952 Argentine thriller film which is directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and stars Guillermo Battaglia Narciso Ibáñez Menta and Warly Ceriani. It based on the novel The Beast must Die by Irish poet Nicholas Blake.
 Handy Andy is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Bert Wynne and starring Peter Coleman Kathleen Vaughan and Warwick Ward.
 The English Teacher is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Craig Zisk. The film stars Julianne Moore Greg Kinnear and Michael Angarano and was written by Dan and Stacy Chariton.
 Rightaa Thappaa is a 2004 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by journalist-turned-filmmaker R. Buvana. It stars Ramana Uma and Seetha. The film Buvana's first first full-length feature film deals with eve teasing and was based on a true incident. Karthik Raja composed the music and Mahesh Muthuswamy was the cinematographer.
 Le Comedie du Bonheur (also known as Ecco La Felicità in Italy and Comedy of Happiness in England) is a 1940 French-Italian film. It was the first completed film of Louis Jourdan.
 I Wouldn't Be in Your Shoes is a 1948 American film noir directed by William Nigh starring Don Castle and Elyse Knox.
 Dracula vs. Frankenstein is a 1971 United States horror film directed by Al Adamson.
 The Journalist is a 1967 Soviet film a romance-drama. It was produced by one of the most reputable Russian directors Sergei Gerasimov who also wrote a screenplay. The film stars Galina Polskikh and Yuri N.Vasiliev and tells a story of love between a successful Moscow journalist and a girl in a remote city in the Urals.
 Main Aur Mera Haathi is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by R. Thiagaraj starring Mithun Chakraborty Poonam Dhillon Suresh Oberoi and Sharat Saxena.
 Yira yira is a 1931 Argentine film directed by Eduardo Morera.
 The Berlin File (Hangul: 베를린; RR: Bereullin; lit. Berlin) is a 2013 South Korean spy thriller written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan. Ha Jung-woo stars as a North Korean agent in Berlin who is betrayed and cut loose when a weapons deal is exposed.
 Fortune Express is a 1991 French drama film directed by Olivier Schatzky. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Gypsy Queen is a 1913 American silent short comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and featuring Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 Corwin is a feature-length documentary by director Les Guthman on Norman Corwin the great writer director and producer during the Golden Age of Radio. Corwin aired on PBS during the 1990s. Actor Charles Laughton said of Corwin There is no actor in Hollywood or on Broadway who would not drop what he is doing to be in one of Norman Corwin's radio plays.
 Sham Savera is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 La Hora de las sorpresas is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Queen of Media is a 2008 American drama film directed by Furqaan Clover starring Robin Givens. The film is loosely-based on The New York Times best seller[citation needed] Wendy's Got the Heat by Wendy Williams. It stars Robin Givens in the title role. It was written by Jim Yoakum with Furqaan Clover. It was produced by Guardian Entertainment. The release date is still unknown.
 The Children of Theatre Street is a 1977 American documentary film directed by Robert Dornhelm and Earle I. Mack. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Police Officer is a 1992 Hindi movie directed by Ashok Gaikwad and starring Jackie Shroff Karisma Kapoor Paresh Rawal Sadashiv Amrapurkar. Other cast members include Aruna Irani and Satyajeet.
 Piccadilly Zero Hour 12 (German: Piccadilly null Uhr zwölf) is a 1963 West German crime film directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and starring Helmut Wildt.
 Tees Maar Khan is an 2010 Hindi comedy film directed by Farah Khan starring Akshay Kumar Katrina Kaif and Akshaye Khanna in the lead roles. Salman Khan and Anil Kapoor make special appearances in the film. The film was released on 24 December 2010. The film is today primarily remembered for Katrina Kaif's dance number Sheila Ki Jawaani. The theatrical trailer and title song of the film were released on UTV Motion Pictures YouTube channel on 4 November 2010 for promotional purposes.
 Sleep My Love is a 1948 feature film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Claudette Colbert Robert Cummings and Don Ameche.
 Solstice is a 2008 American supernatural horror remake of the Danish film Midsommer from 2003. It is directed by Daniel Myrick and co-written by Myrick Ethan Erwin and Martin Musatov and starring Hilarie Burton Shawn Ashmore Amanda Seyfried Tyler Hoechlin Matt O'Leary and Elisabeth Harnois.
 Dead Ringer also known as Who is Buried in my Grave? is a 1964 thriller film made by Warner Bros. It was directed by Paul Henreid from a screenplay by Oscar Millard and Albert Beich from the story La Otra by Rian James. The music score was by André Previn and the cinematography by Ernest Haller. The film stars Bette Davis Karl Malden and Peter Lawford with Philip Carey Jean Hagen George Macready Estelle Winwood George Chandler and Cyril Delevanti.
 Mahjong (simplified Chinese: 麻将; traditional Chinese: 麻將; pinyin: Májiàng) is a 1996 Taiwanese comedy film written and directed by Edward Yang. The film stars Chang Chen Nick Erickson and Virginie Ledoyen. The film was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 The Luck of Roaring Camp is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln now considered a lost film.
 Batanes: Sa Dulo Ng Walang Hanggan or more popularly known as Batanes is 2007 drama film directed by Adolfo Alix Jr. and John David Hukom. The film is a joint project by Ignite Media Inc. and GMA Films. It stars Iza Calzado and Taiwanese superstar Ken Chu of Meteor Garden. Batanes is the first Filipino film of Ken Chu and this is where Joem Bascon got his first award as Breakthrough Performance by an Actor given by the Golden Screen Awards.
 Breakup at a Wedding is the first film from comedy collective PERIODS. Directed by Victor Quinaz and written by Anna Martemucci Victor Quinaz and Philip Quinaz the movie was produced by Before the Door Pictures (All Is Lost Margin Call) and Anonymous Content (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind). It was released on June 21 2013 through Oscilloscope Laboratories.
 Aarani Mantalu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi. It was the first Tamil dubbed movie of Chiranjeevi dubbed by editor Mohan who is the well known producer and father of Jayam Ravi.
 Riders of Vengeance is a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Jwalamukhi is a 2000 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jagdish A Sharma starring Mithun Chakraborty and Chunkey Pandey in lead roles.
 The Secret is a 2006 film produced by Prime Time Productions consisting of a series of interviews designed to demonstrate everything one wants or needs can be satisfied by believing in an outcome repeatedly thinking about it and maintaining positive emotional states to attract the desired outcome.The censored version of the film and the subsequent publication of the book of the same name attracted interest from media figures such as Oprah Winfrey Ellen DeGeneres and Larry King as well as criticism from the mainstream press.
 Un Pecado Por Mes (English: One sin per month) is a 1949 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario C. Lugones and written by Julio Porter. It premiered on May 18 1949.
 Ride or Die also known as Hustle and Heat is a 2003 crime drama film written by Duane Martin and Jay Wolcott. The film was directed by Craig Ross Jr.. The cast includes Duane Martin Vivica A. Fox and Meagan Good.
 Thor: Tales of Asgard is a 2011 American direct-to-video animated film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor. It is eighth in a series of animated films produced by Marvel Animation and distributed by Lionsgate Entertainment.
 A Sailor's Sweetheart is a 1927 film directed by Lloyd Bacon.
 Man in Outer Space (Czech: Muž z prvního století) is a 1961 Czechoslovak science fiction comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American mystery film directed by Ben Affleck (making his feature-length directorial debut) and starring his brother Casey Affleck. The screenplay by Ben Affleck and Aaron Stockard is based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane author of Mystic River and Shutter Island. The plot centers on two private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro hunting for an abducted four-year-old girl from the Boston neighborhood of Dorchester.
 The Feathered Serpent is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Enid Stamp-Taylor Tom Helmore and Moore Marriott. A reporter faces a race against time to clear an actress accused of murder. It is based on the 1927 novel The Feathered Serpent by Edgar Wallace.
 Spring in a Small Town (Chinese: 小城之春; pinyin: Xiǎochéng zhī chūn) is a Chinese film released in 1948 and directed by Fei Mu. The film was based on a short story by Li Tianji (Chinese: 李天濟; pinyin: Lǐ Tiānjì) and was produced by the Wenhua Film Company.Though its reputation suffered after 1949 in mainland China after the Communist revolution within the last 20 years it had become known as one of the greatest Chinese films ever made.
 Shadows in the Palace (Hangul: 궁녀; RR: Gungnyeo) is a 2007 South Korean film directed by Kim Mee-jung. The mystery thriller is a fictionalized account of gungnyeo court maids during South Korea's Joseon era.This is Kim Mee-jung's first feature film. She previously worked as part of the directing staff in King and the Clown (2005) and Shadows in the Palace was filmed on the same set as the aforementioned film.
 Nightmare Man is a 2006 horror film written and directed by Rolfe Kanefsky. It was produced by Paradigm Pictures a division of Paradigm Entertainment Group and Frederico Lapenda.
 Agent Red (a.k.a. Captured) is a 2000 American action film directed by Damian Lee (and Jim Wynorski) and starring Dolph Lundgren. Its plot concerns two soldiers stuck on a submarine with a group of terrorists who plan to use a chemical weapon on America.After the film was completed producer Andrew Stevens deemed it too inept to be released.
 The Crown of the Russian Empire or Once Again the Elusive Avengers (Russian: Корона Российской Империи или Снова Неуловимые; translit. Korona Rossiyskoy Imperii ili Snova Neulovimye) is a 1971 Soviet action movie a second sequel of The Elusive Avengers directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm.
 Victim of Love is a 1991 psychological thriller film starring Pierce Brosnan JoBeth Williams and Virginia Madsen. The film was originally produced for CBS Network but due to its popularity steamy scenes were expanded and the film was given a PG-13 rating and re-released on DVD as Raw Heat by Lion's Gate/Artisan Home Video in September 2003. The movie was shot on location in Malibu California.
 Mara Maru is a 1952 film directed by Gordon Douglas. It stars Errol Flynn and Ruth Roman.
 You to Me Are Everything is a 2010 Philippine romantic comedy film starring Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera. Directed by Mark A. Reyes from a screenplay by Aloy Adlawan it was released on May 5 2010 in the Philippines.
 Kodanda Ramudu is a 2000 Telugu Romance film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy.
 Full Circle is a 2008 full-length documentary film about the INS Dakar an Israeli Sea Corps submarine that disappeared in 1968 the wreckage of which was found in 1999.The film was co-directed by Tony Klinger and Arnon Manor and narrated by Rick Zieff.The movie which took ten years to make premiered in the UK on 13 January 2008 in a charity showing in aid of World Jewish Relief.
 Sia le rêve du python (English title: Sia The Dream of the Python) is a 2001 film by Burkina Faso-based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté.
 Achtung! Banditi! also known as Attention! Bandits! is a 1951 Italian World War II film drama directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Gina Lollobrigida and Andrea Checchi.
 Embers is a 1916 silent movie that was made by the American Film Manufacturing Company at their Flying A Studios in Santa Barbara California.
 Tom Sawyer is a 1917 American silent comedy-drama/adventure film starring Jack Pickford Robert Gordon and Clara Horton; it is based on Mark Twain's novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Directed by William Desmond Taylor the film was released by Paramount Pictures.
 Loser is a 2000 American romantic comedy film starring Jason Biggs Mena Suvari and Greg Kinnear. It is about a small-town teenager who is accepted into New York University and must cope with the pressures of college life and the big city.
 Harakiri or Madame Butterfly is a 1919 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang. It was one of the first Japanese-themed films depicting Japanese culture. The film was originally released in the United States and other countries as Madame Butterfly because of the source material on which it is based. The film starred Lil Dagover as O-Take-san.
 The Test is a 1935 American adventure film directed by Bernard B. Ray and produced by Ray and Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures. It features as its hero the dog Rin Tin Tin Jr.
 Diksha (Initiation) is 1991 Hindi film directed by Arun Kaul and his only feature. The film is based on a novella by eminent Kannada writer U. R. Ananthamurthy.
 House of the Long Shadows is a 1983 horror-parody film directed by Pete Walker. It is notable because four iconic horror film stars Vincent Price Christopher Lee Peter Cushing and John Carradine are together in one feature. The screenplay by Michael Armstrong is based on the 1913 novel Seven Keys to Baldpate by Earl Derr Biggers. The original music score is composed by Richard Harvey.
 Kannum Karalum is a Malayalam language film starring Sathyan Ambika Sukumaran Sukumari Kamal Haasan and Vinodini.This was the first Malayalam film of Kamal Haasan - he played Sathyan's son. Vinodini was a child artist when she did this film and she did a dual role in this movie. The climax scenes of this film was shot on the top of the Sreenarayana Guru memorial at Varkala Sivagiri. The movie has been produced by A. K. Balasubramaniam under the banner of Saravana Pictures
 Illuminata is a 1998 romantic comedy film directed by John Turturro and written by Brandon Cole and John Turturro based on Cole's play. The cinematographer was Harris Savides. The puppet sequences were done by Roman Paska.
 The City of Masks is a lost 1920 silent film comedy-drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by Thomas Heffron and starred stage star Robert Warwick.
 The Victim (orig. 身不由已; Shen bu you ji) is a humorous Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung released in 1980. Starring Hung and Bryan Leung Kar Yan the film is also known as Lightning Kung Fu and San bat yau gei. The US release was in June 1982.Although he had only a very small role in The Victim former Peking Opera School student Yuen Biao played a key part in the making of this film.
 Levkas Man is a 1981 mini series about a doctor who goes to the Greek island of Levkas to prove a theory about prehistoric man. It was shot on location in Greece.
 Change of Sex or Sex Change (Spanish: Cambio de Sexo) is a 1976 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Victoria Abril. The film dramatizes the story of a young effeminate boy who moves to the city to explore his desire to become a woman.
 Strangers of the Evening is a 1932 American film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone.The film is also known as The Hidden Corpse (American reissue title).
 Panienka z poste restante is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Jan Nowina-Przybylski and Michał Waszyński.
 Tsugaru Folk Song (津軽じょんがら節 Tsugaru Jongarabushi) is a 1973 Japanese film directed by Kōichi Saitō. The story is about the search for the basis of Japanese national identity and the escape of lovers to the wonderfulness of nature.
 The Lie (1912) is a silent war drama/romance motion picture short starring King Baggot and Lottie Briscoe.Directed by King Baggot and William Robert Daly and produced by Carl Laemmle's IMP Studios the screenplay was written by A. Castlebaum.
 Amigo is a 2010 American-Filipino drama film written and directed by John Sayles. The film takes place in the Philippines in 1900 during the Philippine–American War. It is one of only a small handful of films directed by an American to address the war. The only other notable example is The Real Glory (1939) starring Gary Cooper.
 Derailed is a 2002 American action film directed by Bob Misiorowski and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Tomas Arana Laura Harring and Jean-Claude Van Damme's real life son Kristopher Van Varenberg. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on October 15 2002.
 Kottai Mariamman is a 2001 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan. The film featured Roja in the title role alongside Karan and Devayani while Vadivelu plays a supporting role. The film which had music composed by Deva released in December 2001.
 Akiba (or Maid in Akiba) is 2006 Japanese film set in the Akihabara district of Tokyo Japan and directed by Yuichi Onuma.
 The Emperor Jones is a 1933 film adaptation of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title directed by Dudley Murphy featuring Paul Robeson Dudley Digges Frank H. Wilson and Fredi Washington. The screenplay was written by DuBose Heyward and filmed at Kaufman Astoria Studios with the beach scene shot at Long Beach New York. Robeson starred in the O'Neill play on stage both in the United States and England; a role that had helped launch his career.
 Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie (1986) is an Italy-Germany TV mini-series starring Burt Lancaster - Julie Christie and directed by Bernhard Sinkel.
 Beauty and the Beast is a 1963 film.It was the first live action Hollywood version of this story. Edward Small described it as a fairytale for everybody - no messages no menace.
 Down Dakota Way is a 1949 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 I Not Stupid (Chinese: 小孩不笨; pinyin: Xiǎohái Bù Bèn; literally Children are not stupid) is a 2002 Singaporean comedy film about the lives struggles and adventures of three Primary 6 pupils who are placed in the academically inferior EM3 stream. Written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by MediaCorp Raintree Pictures the movie stars Xiang Yun Richard Low Selena Tan Shawn Lee Huang Po Ju and Joshua Ang.
 Till Marriage Do Us Part (Italian: Mio Dio come sono caduta in basso! also known as How Long Can You Fall?) is a 1974 Italian comedy film written and directed by Luigi Comencini. Released in the U.S. in 1979 it was nominated to the 37th Golden Globe Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Paree Paree (1934) is a black-and-white Vitaphone musical short starring Bob Hope and Dorothy Stone. Cole Porter wrote the lyrics and music for this musical comedy short.
 Judaai (Hindi: जुदाई translation: Separation) is an Indian Hindi film directed by T. Rama Rao released on 26 September 1980. The film stars Ashok Kumar Rekha and Jeetendra in lead roles.
 Aag Ka Toofan (English translation - Storm of Fire) is 1993 Bollywood film directed by Kanti Mehtra and starring Shashi Kapoor Dharmendra Sadashiv Amrapurkar Govardhan Asrani Raza Murad Avtaar Gill Farheen.
 The White Dragon is a 2004 Hong Kong wuxia comedy film directed by Wilson Yip and starring Cecilia Cheung and Francis Ng.The White Dragon is directed by Wilson Yip whose best known works to date are Bullets Over Summer Juliet in Love and SPL: Sha Po Lang. It stars Cecilia Cheung as Phoenix Black a pretty young and vain student who thinks she has what it takes to woo the most desirable eligible bachelor in the land Second Prince Tian Yang (Andy On).
 Jawani Diwani (translation: Youthful Craziness) is a 2006 Hindi adult comedy film directed by Maneesh Sharma starring Emraan Hashmi Celina Jaitley Hrishitaa Bhatt Tiku Talsania and Mahesh Manjrekar.
 Postcards from the Zoo (Indonesian: Kebun binatang) is a 2012 Indonesian drama film written and directed by Edwin. The film competed in competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012.
 Katasumi (In a Corner) and 4444444444 (or Ten Fours) are two 1998 short Japanese horror films both directed by Takashi Shimizu serving as prequels to the Ju-on series.
 Ultraman Zero: The Revenge of Belial (ウルトラマンゼロ THE MOVIE 超決戦！ベリアル銀河帝国 Urutoraman Zero THE MOVIE: Chōkessen! Beriaru Ginga Teikoku lit. Ultraman Zero The Movie: Super Deciding Fight! The Belial Galactic Empire) is a 2010 Japanese film in the Ultra Series to celebrate the franchise's 45th anniversary. It serves as a sequel to Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy Legend The Movie. The catchphrases for the movie are Kaiser Belial descent.
 Gents in a Jam is the 141st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant (German: Die bitteren Tränen der Petra von Kant) is a 1972 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder based on his own play. This film has an all-female cast and is set in the home of the protagonist Petra von Kant. It follows the changing dynamics in her relationships with the other women. The film was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Any Old Port! is a 1932 short film starring Laurel and Hardy directed by James W.Horne and produced by Hal Roach.
 Bye Bye Bluebird is a 1999 Danish-Faroese comedy film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir and starring Hildigunn Eyðfinsdóttir and Sigri Mitra Gaïni. The satirical film relates the tale of two eccentric young women who after years abroad return to their native Faroe Islands and embark on a strange road trip. The film received awards at several film festivals including Lübeck Nordic Film Festival Rouen Nordic Film Festival and the International Film Festival Rotterdam.
 Hum Tere Aashiq Hain is a 1979 Bollywood film produced and directed by Prem Sagar. It stars Jeetendra and Hema Malini in pivotal roles.
 Nie ma róży bez ognia (title in Polish: There is no rose without fire in reference to two mixed up proverbs – There is no rose without thorns and There is no smoke without the fire – is a Polish comedy film from 1974 directed by Stanisław Bareja. The subject is the chronic apartment shortage in Communist Poland.The film has been released for the English speaking world with subtitles under the title: A Jungle Book of Regulations.
 The Firm Man is a 1975 film which was the directorial debut of John Duigan.
 Blue Lagoon: The Awakening is an American television film that premiered on Lifetime Television on June 16 2012. The movie is a remake of the various versions of the cinema film of the same name. Brenton Thwaites and Indiana Evans were cast for the lead roles and Christopher Atkins the male lead of the 1980 film version made a cameo appearance.
 Pecos è qui: prega e muori (internationally released as Pecos Cleans Up) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Maurizio Lucidi. The film is the immediate sequel of Due once di piombo; differently from the first chapter it is more leaned towards comedy. It had a significant commercial success in South-American markets.
 Alien 51 is a 2004 low-budget science fiction film starring Heidi Fleiss.
 Crash and Byrnes is a 2000 action film.Brian Trenchard-Smith is credited as creative consultant.
 Vizhithiru (English: Stay awake) is an upcoming Tamil action thriller film written and directed by Meera Kathiravan who debuted with Aval Peyar Thamizharasi. The film has Krishna Kulasekaran playing the lead with Venkat Prabhu Dhansika Vidharth Abhinaya Deiva Thirumagal Sara Arjun Thambi Ramaiah Nagendra Babu (brother of Chiranjeevi) and new faces Rahul Bhaskaran and Erica Fernandes in important roles. While Vijay Milton will handle the cinematography Praveen K. L. and N. B.
 A Chess Dispute is an 1903 British short black-and-white silent comedy film directed by Robert W. Paul featuring two gentlemen in a comedic fight following a disputed chess move. It is included on the BFI DVD R.W. Paul: The Collected Films 1895-1908.
 The Secret is a 1955 British crime drama directed by Cy Endfield.
 Babe: Pig in the City is a 1998 comedy-drama film and the sequel to the 1995 film Babe. It is co-written produced and directed by George Miller who co-wrote and produced the original film. Most of the actors from the first film reappeared as their respective roles including James Cromwell Miriam Margolyes Hugo Weaving Danny Mann and Magda Szubanski.
 Dangerous Passage is a 1944 American film directed by William Berke.
 A Severa is a Portuguese 1931 film directed by Leitão de Barros famous for being the first Portuguese all-talking sound film a biopic of the fado singer Maria Severa Onofriana known as A Severa based on the novel by Júlio Dantas.The film is rarely seen today and doesn't have the popularity of other films of the 1930s seen as the golden era of Portuguese cinema.
 The Crooked E: The Unshredded Truth About Enron is an American television movie aired by CBS in January 2003 which was based on the book Anatomy of Greed by Brian Cruver. The film which stars Brian Dennehy Christian Kane and Mike Farrell and was directed by Penelope Spheeris was a ratings hit for the network.
 Goodbye Holland is a 2004 documentary about the extermination of Dutch Jews during World War II. The film debunks the accepted notion that the Dutch were 'good' during the war exposing how Dutch police and civil servants helped the Nazis implement massive deportations which resulted in the death of 78 percent of the Jews in the Netherlands. The documentary was made by Emmy Award winning director Willy Lindwer.
 Giubbe rosse (internationally released as Cormack of the Mounties Red Coat Killers of the Savage North and Royal Mounted Police) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Joe D'Amato. It is part of a brief series of films that tried to market the commercial success of Lucio Fulci's White Fang presenting very similar plots and settings.It was the first film that Aristide Massaccesi signed with his stage name Joe D'Amato.
 Spy School is a 2008 American comedy-drama film released outside the United States as Doubting Thomas or Lies and Spies. The films stars Forrest Landis and AnnaSophia Robb as the lead characters. The movie focuses on the adventures of Thomas Miller in his efforts to save the President's daughter from being kidnapped. This is the last film for Taylor Momsen though she now fronts the rock band The Pretty Reckless.
 China Town (Malayalam: ചൈന ടൌണ്‍) is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film starring Mohanlal Jayaram Dileep Kavya Madhavan and Poonam Bajwa in the lead roles while Dipa Shah Pradeep Rawat Suraj Venjaramoodu Captain Raju Shankar Shanavas Jose Jagathi Sreekumar Maya Viswanath Bindu Asokan Lakshmi and Deepu Karunakaran play other pivotal roles. Written and directed by the duo Rafi Mecartin it portrays the story of love and friendship of three friends who were in the various fields of life.
 Here Comes Garfield is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip. It featured Lorenzo Music as the voice of Garfield. The special was first broadcast October 25 1982 on CBS. It has been released on both VHS and DVD home video.
 Comradeship is a 1919 British silent film drama directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lily Elsie Gerald Ames and Guy Newall. The film's action covers the entire span of World War I from the months before the outbreak of hostilities to the declaration of peace.
 Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee is a 2007 television film adapted from the book of the same name by Dee Brown. The film was written by Daniel Giat directed by Yves Simoneau and produced by HBO Films. The book on which the movie is based is a history of Native Americans in the American West in the 1860s and 1870s focusing upon the transition from traditional ways of living to living on reservations and their treatment during that period.
 Gwyneth of the Welsh Hills is a 1921 British silent romance film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Madge Stuart Eille Norwood and Lewis Gilbert. It was based on a novel by Edith Nepean.
 Doctor Faustus is a 1967 film adaptation of Christopher Marlowe's The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus written in 1588. The first theatrical film version of a Marlowe play it starred and was directed by Richard Burton (Nevill Coghill is also given credit for directing) who played the title character Faustus. Elizabeth Taylor made a silent cameo appearance as Helen of Troy an appearance at which critics of the day invariably sneered.
 Samurai Assassin (侍 Samurai ) is a 1965 Japanese movie directed by Kihachi Okamoto and starring Toshiro Mifune Koshiro Matsumoto Yunosuke Ito and Michiyo Aratama.Samurai Assassin is set in 1860 immediately before the Meiji Restoration changed Japanese society forever by doing away with the castes in society and reducing the position of the samurai class.The film tells the story of Niiro Tsurichiyo (Mifune) as the illegitimate son of a powerful nobleman and the way of his life that made him a swordfighter but also a social outcast. 
 Pixote: a Lei do Mais Fraco (Portuguese pronunciation: [piˈʃɔtʃi a ˈlej du ˈmajʃ ˈfɾaku] lit. Pixote (small child): The Law of the Weakest) is a 1980 Brazilian drama film directed by Hector Babenco.
 Motherhood is a 2009 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Katherine Dieckmann and starring Uma Thurman.
 Il Segreto delle tre punte is a 1952 Italian film.
 If You Love This Planet is a 1982 short documentary film recording a lecture given to SUNY Plattsburgh students by physician and anti-nuclear activist Dr. Helen Caldicott about the dangers posed by nuclear weapons. The movie was directed by Terre Nash and produced by Edward Le Lorrain for Studio D the women's studio of the National Film Board of Canada.
 Mothertime is a British film.
 Defenders of Riga (Latvian: Rīgas sargi) is a 2007 Latvian feature film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Elita Kļaviņa Jānis Reinis and Artūrs Skrastiņš. The film depicts the Latvian defense of Riga during its 1919 struggle for independence.Already by the fifth week of screening the film had become the most-watched Latvian film produced after the return of independence in 1991.
 Fu Bo is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Ching Po.
 Che (Persian: چ) is a 2014 Iranian biographical war film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia. Che depicts 48 hours of Mostafa Chamran's life who was the first post-Islamic Revolution defense minister of Iran on August 16 and 17 1979 when he was sent by Ayatullah Khomeini to command several military operations in the civil war in the Kordestan region which was besieged by anti-revolutionary forces. The films was submitted to the 32nd Fajr International Film Festival.
 Jet Set is a 2000 French comedy film directed by Fabien Onteniente. A sequel People was released in 2004.
 Spitfire is a 1934 drama film based on the play Trigger by Lula Vollmer. It was directed by John Cromwell and starred Katharine Hepburn Robert Young and Ralph Bellamy.
 Boxing in Barrels is a silent film written and released by Lubin Studios in 1901. It features a man and a clown boxing in a barrel.
 Nature's Half Acre is a 1951 American short documentary film directed by James Algar. It won an Academy Award in 1952 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel). The film was produced by Walt Disney as part of the True-Life Adventures series of nature documentaries.
 Charge Sheet is a Bollywood Crime thriller drama film directed by veteran Dev Anand starring himself Jackie Shroff Naseeruddin Shah and Divya Dutta in lead roles while Riya Sen appears in an item-number. The film is named after a formal document of accusation prepared by a law-enforcement agency in India.
 A Harp in Hock is a lost 1927 silent film melodrama produced by DeMille Pictures and distributed by Pathe Exchange. The film starred Rudolph Schildkraut Junior Coghlan May Robson and Bessie Love and was directed by Renaud Hoffman.
 Mobile Suit Gundam 00 the Movie: A wakening of the Trailblazer (劇場版 機動戦士ガンダム00 -A wakening of the Trailblazer-) is a 2010 Japanese animated science fiction film part of the Gundam metaseries and directed by Seiji Mizushima. The film is set two years after the second season of Mobile Suit Gundam 00 as the film sees Celestial Being against a group of hostile aliens known as ELS. It is the first Gundam series to have included aliens in any of its franchises.
 Himiko (Japanese: 卑弥呼) is a 1974 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival Feature Film Competition.
 This Angry Age (also known as The Sea Wall Barrage contre le Pacifique and La diga sul Pacifico) is a 1958 drama film directed by René Clément and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. It is an adaptation of Marguerite Duras' 1950 novel The Sea Wall. The film stars Anthony Perkins and Silvana Mangano. The original novel was adapted again in 2008 by Rithy Panh as The Sea Wall starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Estas são as armas is a Mozambican 1978 documentary film.
 Airline Disaster is a disaster film by The Asylum released in 2010.
 Mahiravana is a 1940 Telugu film by Ghantasala Balaramaiah under the banner of Kubera Films. The veteran actor Vemuri Gaggaiah played the role of Ahiravan.Mairavana turned out to be big hit because of its technical values. The directoral involvement with trick photography (Govindrao Bhadsavle) and opulent sets (T. V. S. Sarma) supported by the make-up (Mangaiah) have contributed greatly for the success.
 I Served the King of England (Czech: Obsluhoval jsem anglického krále) is a 2006 Czech film directed by Jiří Menzel based on the novel I Served the King of England by Bohumil Hrabal. It is Menzel's sixth adaptation of the works of Hrabal for film. The film was released in the UK and in the US in 2008.
 Wild Horse Hank is a movie filmed in 1978 directed by Eric Till starring Linda Blair Michael Wincott and Richard Crenna. The movie is based on the teen novel The Wild Horse Killers written by Mel Ellis in 1978.
 Chevrolet is a 1997 Spanish crime film directed by Javier Maqua. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival where Isabel Ordaz won the Silver St. George for Best Actress.
 Night Moves is a 2014 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt and written by Kelly Reichardt and Jonathan Raymond loosely based on Edward Abbey's novel The Monkey Wrench Gang. It was shown in the main competition section of the 70th Venice International Film Festival and at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. Film stars Dakota Fanning Jesse Eisenberg Peter Sarsgaard Alia Shawkat and James LeGros.
 Nine Men is a 1943 British patriotic war film. The film is an Ealing Studios production which marked the first fiction film assignment for celebrated documentary film director Harry Watt. In common with many Ealing productions of the time the film used a largely unknown cast only a few of whom were full-time professional actors.
 Fear Clinic is an upcoming 2014 feature film by Robert Green Hall based upon the web series of the same name. The movie which was partially funded through crowdsourcing stars Robert Englund as a psychiatrist that tries to cure phobias by using extreme methods. The film's release date is tentatively slated to release during October 2014 as a theatrical film VOD and DVD.
 T.P. Balagopalan M.A. is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan starring Mohanlal Shobana Balan K. Nair Kuthiravattam Pappu Maniyanpilla Raju Sreenivasan Sukumari and K. P. A. C. Lalitha.The film revolves around T.P. Balagopalan (Mohanlal) a middle class salaried person who wants to build himself and also needs to takes care of his family members.
 Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger vs. Go-Busters: The Great Dinosaur Battle! Farewell Our Eternal Friends (獣電戦隊キョウリュウジャーＶＳゴーバスターズ　恐竜大決戦！　さらば永遠の友よ Jūden Sentai Kyōryūjā tai Gōbasutāzu: Kyōryū Daikessen! Saraba Eien no Tomo yo) is a Japanese film released on January 18 2014. It is the annual VS Series movie a crossover between the current and most recent Super Sentai series' casts Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger and Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters.
 The Seat Filler is an American romantic comedy musical film produced by the Company Production of Magnolia Home Entertainment Seat Filler Productions Shake Martin Films and Strange Fruit Films which released in 2004. It stars Kelly Rowland Duane Martin Melanie Brown Kyla Pratt and Shemar Moore.
 Kaante (Hindi: कांटे English: Thorns) is a 2002 Bollywood action film directed by Sanjay Gupta and starring Amitabh Bachchan Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Mahesh Manjrekar Lucky Ali Kumar Gaurav Namrata Singh Gujral Rati Agnihotri Malaika Arora and Isha Koppikar in the lead roles. The film's central plot is based on Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs and also borrows plot points from The Usual Suspects and Heat.
 The Glimpses of the Moon is a lost 1923 silent film drama directed by Allan Dwan and starring Bebe Daniels. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 In Old California is a 1942 film starring John Wayne as a Boston pharmacist who relocates to Sacramento during the Gold Rush. The movie was directed by William C. McGann.
 45 Minutes From Hollywood (1926) is an American two-reel silent film released by Pathé Exchange.At the time it was known as a Glenn Tryon vehicle but today it is best remembered as the second instance of Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy appearing in the same film together — although they do not share any scenes — at least half a decade after their first chance billing in The Lucky Dog (1921).
 Crime by Night is a 1944 drama directed by William Clemens starring Jane Wyman and Jerome Cowan. It tells the story of Sam Campbell (Jerome Cowan) and his secretary (Jane Wyman) who take a vacation and uncover a murder.
 Zenith - A Film by Anonymous is a 2010 American psychological thriller about two men attempting to solve the same conspiracy theory. The title refers to a grand 'Zenith Conspiracy' formed by the film's protagonist Ed Crowley.
 All She Ever Wanted is a 1996 television drama film directed by Michael Scott. It stars Marcia Cross as a young wife desperate for a child but cannot risk being pregnant because of the medication she must take to control her bi-polar disorder.
 101 Rent Boys is a 2000 documentary film that explores the West Hollywood hustler scene. The producers recruited 101 hustlers from on and around Santa Monica Boulevard and paid each of them $50 for their time. The boys who were from diverse ethnic racial regional and economic backgrounds were interviewed in motel rooms on such topics as how they entered into prostitution their sexual orientation drugs and their first johns.
 Tobor the Great is a 1954 science fiction film produced by Republic Pictures written by Carl Dudley & Philip MacDonald and directed by Lee Sholem. It stars Charles Drake Karin Booth and Billy Chapin.
 Grimm is a 2003 comedy drama film directed by Alex van Warmerdam inspired by (but deviating heavily from) The Brothers Grimm story Brother and Sister and incorporating contemporary urban legends such as that of the kidney heist.
 Brian's Song is a 1971 ABC Movie of the Week that recounts the details of the life of Brian Piccolo (played by James Caan) a Wake Forest University football player stricken with terminal cancer after turning pro told through his friendship with Chicago Bears running back teammate and Pro Football Hall of Famer Gale Sayers (Billy Dee Williams) who helps him through the difficult struggle.
 The Actor and the Savages (Romanian: Actorul şi sălbaticii) is a 1975 Romanian drama film directed by Manole Marcus. Inspired by the life of actor Constantin Tănase it stars Toma Caragiu. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival.
 That is Pandu is a Telugu movie released in the year 2005 with Jagapathi Babu Sneha and Sayaji Shinde in the lead roles. The film did a reasonable business at the box office.
 People of the Mountains (Hungarian: Emberek a havason) is a 1942 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szöts and starring Alice Szellay János Görbe Péterke Ferency. The film is set in the Székely woodcutting community of Transylvania. The film's plot was based on a series of short stories by József Nyirö. The film was exhibited at the 1942 Venice Film Festival where it was widely praised. The film's style has been suggested as an influence on the emerging Italian neorealism.
 Panaah is a 1992 Indian Bollywood film directed by Krishnakant Pandya. It stars Naseeruddin Shah Siddharth Kiran Kumar Praveen Kumar and Pallavi Joshi in pivotal roles.
 Ernest Goes to Camp is a 1987 Touchstone Pictures comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney. It is the second film to feature the character of Ernest P. Worrell and was shot in Burns Tennessee. This film was also Iron Eyes Cody's final appearance on screen.
 Ady Kiraly Katonat! is an Hungarian film directed by Pal Erdöss. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1983 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Atomic Ed and the Black Hole is a documentary released in 2001 by filmmaker Ellen Spiro. The documentary was made for HBO's Cinemax Reel Life Series. Sheila Nevins served as Executive Producer and Lisa Heller served as Supervising Producer. Karen Bernstein served as Producer.
 Poor Man's Orange is a novel (ISBN 0-312-00054-5) by New Zealand born Australian author Ruth Park. Published in 1949 the book is the sequel to The Harp in the South and continues the story of the Darcy family living in the Surry Hills area of Sydney.
 Il terrorista internationally released as The Terrorist is a 1963 Italian war drama film directed by Gianfranco De Bosio. It is inspired to real life events of the Italian partisan Otello Pighin. The film entered the 24th Venice International Film Festival in which it won the Pasinetti Award.
 Bhakta Kabir is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 The Last Wave or Black rain (US title) is an Australian film from 1977 directed by Peter Weir. It is about a white lawyer in Sydney whose seemingly normal life is disrupted after he takes on a murder case and discovers that he shares a strange mystical connection with the small group of local Australian Aborigines accused of the crime.
 Vivir con alegría is a 1979 Argentine film.
 Megaville is an independent/low-budget direct-to-video 1990 American science fiction film starring Billy Zane in his first lead role. Megaville is a neo-noir psychological thriller which utilizes elements of science fiction such as cyberpunk and existentialism.
 Mexican Manhunt is a 1953 American crime film directed by Rex Bailey and starring George Brent Hillary Brooke and Morris Ankrum. A Los Angeles-based author travels to Mexico to search for a celebrated journalist who disappeared there many years before.
 The Story Without a Name is a 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Irvin Willat and based on a novel by Arthur Stringer. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Agnes Ayres. Also known as Without Warning. This film is lost. A 1952 film noir with the title Without Warning! had a working title of The Story Without a Name but the plots of the two are quite different.
 The Wife's Family (also released as My Wife's Family) is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gene Gerrard Muriel Angelus and Amy Veness.
 Uttarayanam (English: Throne of Capricorn) is a 1974 Malayalam film directed by G. Aravindan and written by Thikkodiyan. Aravindan who is considered the doyen of Malayalam parallel cinema debuted with this film.
 Ice Station Zebra is a 1968 cold-war era suspense and espionage film directed by John Sturges starring Rock Hudson Patrick McGoohan Ernest Borgnine and Jim Brown. The screenplay by Alistair MacLean Douglas Heyes Harry Julian Fink and W. R. Burnett is loosely based upon MacLean's 1963 novel of the same name. Both have parallels to real-life events that took place in 1959. The film was photographed in Super Panavision 70 by Daniel L.
 El Tío Disparate (English language:The Silly Uncle) is a 1978 Argentine comedy musical film directed by Palito Ortega and written Juan Carlos Mesa. It stars Palito Ortega and Carlos Balá.
 Four Two Ka One (Hindi:फोर टू का वन ) is a 2013 Bollywood film directed by Anwer Khan. The film stars Jimmy Shergill Rajpal Yadav Nikita Anand Murli Sharma among many others. Film slated for release on 10 May 2013. Four Two Ka One is produced by Sunil Shah under the banner Bhumii Creations. The film is being directed by Anwer Khan who has assisted late Manmohan Desai on films such as Mard Ganga Jamuna Saraswati.
 November 1828 is a 1979 Indonesian historical drama directed by Teguh Karya. Production cost an estimated Rp 240 million making it the most expensive Indonesian movie up to that point. It tells the story of a village struggling against the Dutch colonial military during the Java War and touches on the themes of nationalism and cultural identity. The movie won 6 Citra Awards.
 Werewolves on Wheels is a 1971 American exploitation film that blends two genres: the outlaw biker film and the traditional horror movie.
 The Seventh Sin is a 1957 film based on the 1925 novel The Painted Veil by W. Somerset Maugham.
 RajamanikAyam (Malayalam: രാജമാണിക്യം is a 2005 Malayalam film the directorial debut of Anwar Rasheed written by T. A. Shahid and starring Mammootty in the title role.The star cast included Rahman Manoj K Jayan Cochin Haneefa Ranjith Salim Kumar Saikumar Bheeman Raghu Sindhu Menon and Padmapriya. The music is composed by Alex Paul with lyrics by Gireesh Puthenchery. The film was produced by Siraj Valiyaveettil under the banner of Valiyaveettil Movie International.
 The Family Friend (Italian: L'amico di famiglia) is a 2006 Italian film directed by Paolo Sorrentino. It was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 The White Angel is a 1936 American historical drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Kay Francis. The film depicts Florence Nightingale's pioneering work in nursing during the Crimean War.
 Dough and Dynamite is a 1914 American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring Charlie Chaplin.
 The Game also known as The Cold is a low budget 1984 horror film directed by Bill Rebane. The film was made in Wisconsin and released theatrically by Trans World Entertainment.
 The Reunion (Swedish: Återträffen) is a 2013 Swedish drama film directed by Anna Odell. The film won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film at the 49th Guldbagge Awards.
 Eyewitness is a 1956 British thriller film directed by Muriel Box and starring Donald Sinden Muriel Pavlow Belinda Lee Michael Craig Nigel Stock and Richard Wattis. It was made by the Rank Organisation.
 The Stranger and the Gunfighter is a 1974 kung fu Spaghetti Western produced by the Shaw Brothers in collaboration with an Italian company and filmed on location in Hong Kong and Spain. It was directed by Antonio Margheriti starring Lo Lieh (at the time one of Hong Kong's most famous action stars) as Ho Chiang. For English-language release the film was retitled The Stranger and the Gunfighter and Blood Money.
 Peter Bell (Dutch: Pietje Bell) is a 2002 Dutch family film based on the Pietje Bell books of Chris van Abkoude and directed by Maria Peters.The film received a Golden Film (75000 visitors) and a Platinum Film (200000 visitors) in 2002.
 Yakuza deka(also known as A Kamikaze Cop or The Assassin ) is a Japanese film released in 1970. The film stars Sonny Chiba.
 En el viejo Buenos Aires is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Collector is a 2011 Malayalam political action thriller directed by Anil C. Menon with Suresh Gopi in the lead. The film has Suresh Gopi playing the title role. The film is a socio political thriller that takes a look at the contemporary social scene in the state. The film got mixed to positive responses from critics and was declared as hit at the box office. Tamil actor Rajeev played the villain.
 Amphibian Man (Russian: Человек-амфибия translit. Chelovek-amfibiya) is a 1962 Soviet science fiction romance film starring Vladimir Korenev and directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov and Gennadi Kazansky. It is an almost fable-like story based upon the eponymous novel by Alexander Beliaev. It focuses on a boy named Ichthyander (Russian: Ихтиандр Ichtiandr) (from Greek: fish+man) who was surgically altered to survive under the sea.
 Zenda (Marathi: झेंडा) is a 2010 Indian Marathi film produced and directed by Avdhoot Gupte. The film stars Pushkar Shrotri Rajesh Shrungarpure Santosh Juvekar in lead roles. Gupte who is a singer and music director has also composed the music for the film. The film depicts the journey of four young ambitious scholars to succeed in life and the impact of a split in a major political party on their journey caused by a feud between two cousins in rival political parties.
 Masters of the Sea (German: Herren der Meere) is a 1922 Austrian silent adventure film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Victor Varconi Maria Corda and Tibor Lubinszky.
 La-La Loco Baby is an American short action comedy film starring Chris Moir Satomi Okuno Ilia Volok and Rene Rivera as Diesel and is based on the life of Roberto Vilme known as Baby Lala.
 Kadhalar Dhinam (Tamil: காதலர் தினம்;English: Valentine's Day) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film directed by Kathir. This film is based on a relationship which begins through an internet chatroom and takes a turn after the protagonist has second thoughts about the relationship. The film featured newcomer Kunal Singh and Sonali Bendre in the lead roles while Nassar Manivannan Goundamani and Chinni Jayanth appeared in supporting roles. The film produced by A.M. Ratnam had music composed by A. R.
 Winter in Wartime (Dutch: Oorlogswinter) is a 2008 Dutch war film directed by Martin Koolhoven. The screenplay was written by Mieke de Jong Paul Jan Nelissen and Martin Koolhoven and was based on the novel of the same name by Jan Terlouw.The film was hugely successful in the Netherlands out-grossing competing films like Twilight and The Dark Knight.
 Into Temptation is a 2009 independent drama film written and directed by Patrick Coyle and starring Jeremy Sisto Kristin Chenoweth Brian Baumgartner Bruce A. Young and Amy Matthews. It tells the story of a prostitute (Chenoweth) who confesses to a Catholic priest (Sisto) that she plans to kill herself on her birthday.
 Gidget Gets Married is a 1972 television film produced by Screen Gems for ABC. It was written by John McGreevey and directed by E.W. Swackhamer and starred Monie Ellis as Gidget.
 Veedu (English: House) is a 1988 Tamil drama film written and directed by Balu Mahendra starring Archana which depicts the difficulties of a middle-class family in building a house. Mahendra besides directing worked as the script writer cinematographer and editor as well. Featuring musical score by Ilaiyaraaja the film earned high critical acclaim securing two National Film Awards. It is widely considered as one of Mahendra's finest films & one of Tamil cinema's best films.
 Kingdom Come is a 1919 American short Western film directed by George Holt and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Los Cuatro secretos is a 1976 Argentine film.
 Bumping Into Broadway is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the UCLA Film and Television Archive. This film is notable as Lloyd's first two-reeler featuring his glasses character.
 Maa Kasam is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shibu Mitra starring Mithun Chakraborty Amjad Khan Divya Rana Kalpana Iyer Ranjeet Sharat Saxena and Pran.
 Eagles Over London also known as Battle Squadron and Battle Command (Italian: La battaglia d'Inghilterra) is a 1969 Italian macaroni combat war film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
 Inimey Nangathan is a 2007 Tamil-language Indian animated film directed by Venkybabu basically for children. It became the first film to be animated however the film went unnoticed due to the lack of big stars. The film was dubbed in English as Desi Pundits. The English version has been successfully premiered in Pogo and is a favourite among children.
 Down Where The Buffalo Go is a 1988 film made for television by BBC Scotland. It stars Harvey Keitel. It was written by Peter McDougall and directed by Ian Knox.
 Eldridge Cleaver Black Panther is an Algerian documentary film made in 1969 in which Black Panther activist Eldridge Cleaver spoke from exile in Algeria where he had moved after the state of California tried to charge him with intent to murder. In the documentary Cleaver discussed revolution in the United States and spoke against such political enemies as Nixon Agnew Reagan and Richard J. Daley.
 Celluloid Man is a 2012 documentary film directed by Shivendra Singh Dungarpur that explores the life and work of legendary Indian archivist P. K. Nair founder of the National Film Archive of India and guardian of Indian cinema.Celluloid Man has been screened at 50 film festivals – one of the few Indian films to have been selected for such a high number of festivals.
 Minami e Hashire Umi no Michi o! (南へ走れ、海の道を！) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Seiji Izumi.
 Cold Creek Manor is a 2003 American psychological thriller film directed by Mike Figgis. The screenplay by Richard Jefferies focuses on a family terrorized by the former owner of the rural estate they bought in foreclosure. The film stars Dennis Quaid Sharon Stone Stephen Dorff Juliette Lewis Kristen Stewart and Christopher Plummer.
 The Paper is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Ron Howard and starring Michael Keaton Glenn Close Marisa Tomei Randy Quaid and Robert Duvall. It received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song for Make Up Your Mind which was written and performed by Randy Newman.The film depicts a hectic 24 hours in a newspaper editor's professional and personal life. The main story of the day is the murder of a visiting businessman by two boys.
 Yesterday Once More (traditional Chinese: 龍鳳鬥; simplified Chinese: 龙凤斗; pinyin: lóngfèng dòu; Cantonese Yale: Lung fung dau) is a 2004 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau and Sammi Cheng.
 Eaten Alive (known under various alternate titles including Death Trap and Starlight Slaughter) is an American horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and released in May 1977. It was written by Kim Henkel Alvin L. Fast and Mardi Rustam and produced by Fast Larry Huly Robert Kantor and Mardi Mohammed and Samir Rustam. The film stars Neville Brand Roberta Collins Robert Englund William Finley Marilyn Burns Janus Blythe and Kyle Richards.
 The Bad Mother's Handbook was a one-off television drama based on the best-selling novel: The Bad Mother's Handbook by Kate Long. It was broadcast on ITV on 19 February 2007 starring Catherine Tate Anne Reid Holly Grainger and Robert Pattinson. According to BARB the show received strong viewing figures of 6.09 million.
 The Hudsucker Proxy is a 1994 screwball comedy film co-written produced and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. Sam Raimi co-wrote the script and served as second unit director.
 Max Steel: Forces of Nature is a 2005 direct-to-DVD film based on the TV series and action figure line.
 Donya is a 2003 Iranian movie directed by Manuchehr Mosayeri. It focuses on the relationship between a woman who has just returned to Iran from abroad and a conservative man.
 Foxes is a 1980 American drama film directed by Adrian Lyne (in his feature film directorial debut) and written by Gerald Ayres. The film stars Jodie Foster Scott Baio Sally Kellerman Randy Quaid and Cherie Currie (in her film acting debut). The original music score is composed by Giorgio Moroder and features the song On the Radio sung by Donna Summer. The film was generally ignored at the box office when it was first released in February 1980.
 Rajaparambara is 1977 Malayalam-language Indian film.
 Zuster Brown is a 1921 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Demonstrator is a 1971 film directed by Warwick Freeman.
 Straw Dogs is a 2011 American psychological thriller film directed produced and written by Rod Lurie. It is a remake of Sam Peckinpah's 1971 film of the same name itself based on the Gordon Williams novel The Siege of Trencher's Farm. It stars James Marsden and Kate Bosworth. Critical reception of the film was generally lukewarm and it performed poorly at the box office.
 The Life of the Party is a 1930 American musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor. The musical numbers of this film were cut out before general release in the United States because the public had grown tired of musicals by late 1930. Only one song was left in the picture. The complete film was released intact in countries outside the United States where a backlash against musicals never occurred. It is unknown whether a copy of this full version still exists.
 Kunjaliyan (Malayalam: കുഞ്ഞളിയന്‍  English: Young Brother-in-law) is a 2011 Malayalam satirical film directed by Saji Surendran and written by Krishna Poojapura. The film features Jayasurya in the title role along with Ananya in lead roles and Manikuttan Suraj Venjaramoodu Ashokan Jagadish Maniyan Pilla Raju in its supporting cast. The music is composed by M.G. Sreekumar and background music by Bijibal.
 The Way is a 2010 American drama film directed produced and written by Emilio Estevez starring his father Martin Sheen Deborah Kara Unger James Nesbitt Yorick van Wageningen and Estevez.It honours the Camino de Santiago and promotes the traditional pilgrimage. Saying he did not want the film to appeal to only one demographic Emilio Estevez called the film pro-people pro-life not anti-anything.
 Olly Olly Oxen Free (a.k.a. The Great Balloon Adventure or The Great Balloon Race) is a 1978 American black comedy film directed by Richard A. Colla and starring Katharine Hepburn. The screenplay by Eugene Poinc is based on a story by Poinc Colla and Maria L. de Ossio. The title is derived from a phrase used in some children's games.
 The Naughty Flirt is a 1931 romantic comedy film directed by Edward Cline and starring Alice White Paul Page and Myrna Loy.
 Neela Aakash is a 1965 Hindi movie directed by Rajendra Bhatia. The film stars Dharmendra Mala Sinha Shashikala Mehmood and Madan Puri. The films music is by Madan Mohan.
 The Power of Kangwon Province (강원도의 힘 Gangwon-do ui him) is the second film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang-soo. It follows the lives of a man and a woman who have decided to end their affair.
 Evil Eyes is a 2004 direct-to-DVD horror film produced by The Asylum directed by Mark Atkins and starring Adam Baldwin.
 Story of a Cloistered Nun (Italian: Storia di una monaca di clausura also known as Unholy Convent and Diary of a Cloistered Nun) is a 1973 Italian nunsploitation film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 The Checkered Flag is a 1963 film.
 Oklahoma Terror is a 1939 American film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 Jörg Ratgeb – Painter (German: Jörg Ratgeb – Maler) is a 1978 East German drama film directed by Bernhard Stephan. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Limping Man is a 1936 British crime film directed by Walter Summers and starring Francis L. Sullivan Hugh Wakefield and Patricia Hilliard. It was an adaptation of the play of the same title by William Matthew Scott. The film was shot at Welwyn Studios.
 Bombay Velvet is an upcoming 2014 Hindi neo noir drama film directed and co-produced by Anurag Kashyap. It is based on historian Gyan Prakash's book Mumbai Fables a story of how the city of Mumbai became a metropolis against the backdrop of love greed violence and jazz music. Bombay Velvet is the story of one ordinary man who goes against all odds and forges his destiny to become a 'Big Shot'.
 Pratima is a 1945 Hindi movie directed by Paidi Jairaj. The film stars Dilip Kumar and Mukri.
 Horsemen is a 2009 American horror film directed by Jonas Åkerlund and starring Dennis Quaid and Zhang Ziyi. It follows Aidan Breslin (Dennis Quaid) a bitter and emotionally distracted detective who has grown apart from his two sons after the death of his devoted wife.
 Brazil at War is a 1943 propaganda short documentary film produced by the Office of War Information and the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs.The 9 minute long film trumpets Brazil's supposed progressiveness under Getúlio Vargas noting that Rio de Janeiro is a modern city known for its arts and culture and that Brazil's constitution allows freedom for its workers and social services.
 Oru Maravathoor Kanavu (Malayalam: ഒരു മറവത്തൂർ കനവ്) is a 1998 Malayalam comedy-drama musical film directed by Lal Jose and written by Sreenivasan. It stars Mammootty Biju Menon Mohini Divya Unni Sreenivasan Kalabhavan Mani Sukumari and Nedumudi Venu. The music was composed by Vidyasagar.It was the directorial debut of Lal Jose who had previously worked as an assistant director in many Malayalam films. Playback singer Devanand also debuted through this film.
 Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (also known as Wall Street 2 or Wall Street 2: Money Never Sleeps) is a 2010 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone a sequel to Wall Street (1987). It stars Michael Douglas Shia LaBeouf Josh Brolin Carey Mulligan and Frank Langella. The film takes place in New York 23 years after the original and revolves around the 2008 financial crisis.
 Der brænder en ild is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 Enemy Territory is a 1987 American action film.
 How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate (1998) is an independent Irish film directed by Graham Jones in which six teenagers devise a plan to cheat in their Leaving Certificate final school examinations. The film was shot in black and white on Super 16mm. After being hailed by critics it was blown up to 35mm for theatrical distribution. Many well known Irish faces made cameo appearances and some commentators regard the 2004 American film The Perfect Score as a remake.
 Regeneration is a 1915 American silent biographical crime drama co-written and directed by Raoul Walsh. The film which was the first full length feature film directed by Walsh starsRockliffe Fellowes and Anna Q. Nilsson and was adapted for the screen by Carl Harbaugh and Walsh from the memoir My Mamie Rose by Owen Frawley Kildare and the adapted play by Kildare and Walter C. Hackett.
 Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 animated film based on the Nickelodeon animated television series Rugrats and The Wild Thornberrys. It is the third and final Rugrats film. The film was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Klasky Csupo and released in theaters on June 13 2003 by Paramount Pictures.
 Savages (2006) (Russian: Дикари Dikari) is another Russian people's comedy in the line with the infamous Peculiarities of National Hunting.
 Journey Beyond Three Seas (Hindi: Pardesi; Russian: Хождение за три моря (Khozhdenie za tri morya)) is a 1957 Indian-Soviet popular film jointly directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas and Vasili Pronin.
 Pigskin Parade is a 1936 musical comedy film which tells the story of husband and wife college football coaches who convince a backwoods player to play for their team so they can go to the big Bowl Game. It was written by William M.
 Fat Kid Rules the World is a 2012 comedy film directed by Matthew Lillard in his directorial debut. It is based on the book of the same name and stars Jacob Wysocki Matt O'Leary & Billy Campbell.
 The Creation of the Humanoids is a 1962 US science fiction film release directed by Wesley Barry and starring Don Megowan Erica Elliot Frances McCann Don Doolittle and Dudley Manlove.
 Retreat Through the Wet Wasteland (濡れた荒野を走れ Nureta koya o hashire) is a 1973 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Yukihiro Sawada and starring Yuri Yamashina and Takeo Chii.
 Vallal is a South Indian Tamil film released in 1997. This movie is directed by Raj Kapoor. This is a comedy and a family subject movie. This movie is starring Sathyaraj Meena Manorama Goundamani Senthil & Sangeetha in the lead. This movie has the village concept. It looked like director Raj Kapoor had the potential plot to build up on his story-line.
 Tokyo Trial (東京裁判 Tokyo Saiban) is a 1983 Japanese film directed by Masaki Kobayashi. It is a documentary film which deals with the Tokyo Trials at the end of the second world war.
 Molecules Of Motion is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Gullwing Trucks skate team. Most footage is provided through demos contests and various street skating scenes throughout southern California. The film also used various local bands from San Diego such as Infrared and Sister Rae and was narrated by former 91X DJ Dred Scott.This video is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Molecules In Motion due to the closing credits of the video calling the movie Molecules In Motion.
 Supertwink is a 2006 comedy film directed written and filmed by Richard Christy and Sal Governale. Produced and made for subscribers of Howard TV an In Demand digital cable service operated by Howard Stern the film stars members of Stern's radio show staff and Wack Packers. The film premièred at the Pioneer Theater in New York City on January 4 2006.Despite claims that the film had a $4000 budget Christy stated on Stern's radio show that he spent no more than $700.
 Getting My Brother Laid (German title: Mein Bruder der Vampir; literally 'My Brother the Vampire') is a 2001 German film directed by Sven Taddicken.
 The Bride Wore Black (French: La Mariée était en noir) is a 1968 French film directed by François Truffaut and based on the novel of the same name by William Irish a pseudonym for Cornell Woolrich. It stars Jeanne Moreau Charles Denner Alexandra Stewart Michel Bouquet Michael Lonsdale Claude Rich and Jean-Claude Brialy.It is a revenge film in which a widowed woman hunts down the five men who killed her husband on her wedding day.
 Il tiranno di Siracusa (English Translation: Damon and Pythias) is a 1962 Italian / American film directed by Curtis Bernhardt. The film is based on the Greek legend of Damon and Pythias and set during the reign of Dionysius I of Syracuse (432-367 BC).
 Too Sane for This World is a documentary series that was directed by William Davenport. The first film Too Sane for This World was released on September 1 2011 and features an introduction by Dr. Temple Grandin. The second documentary Citizen Autistic was released on April 1 2013.
 La miel se fue de la luna (The Honey Went to the Moon) is a 1951 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Victoria Gloria is a 2013 3-D anti-war animated short by Theodore Ushev produced in Montreal by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
 Mantrikacheppu is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Anil Babu and written by Kaloor Dennis. The film stars Jagadish Siddique Mala Aravindan Sunitha and Suchitra in the main roles.
 The Guardian is a 1990 American horror film co-written and directed by William Friedkin and starring Jenny Seagrove Dwier Brown and Carey Lowell. A cable television version of the film was credited to Alan Von Smithee indicating that Friedkin wished to disassociate himself from its release. The film is based upon the novel The Nanny by American novelist and writer Dan Greenburg.
 September Affair is a 1950 film directed by William Dieterle starring Joan Fontaine Joseph Cotten and Jessica Tandy. It was produced by Hal B. Wallis.
 Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi (Hindi: रब ने बना दी जोड़ी; translation: A Match Made by God) is a 2008 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Raj Films. The film stars Shah Rukh Khan and movie debutant Anushka Sharma. Khan plays a mild-mannered office worker named Surinder Sahni whose love for the beautiful and vivacious Taani (Sharma) causes him to transform himself into the loud and fun-loving Raj to win her love.
 140 Days Under the World is a 1964 New Zealand short documentary film about Antarctica. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Stasera a casa di Alice (also known as Tonight at Alice's) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone.
 Glowing Stars (Swedish: I taket lyser stjärnorna) is a Swedish film based on the award-winning novel of the same name by author Johanna Thydell. It revolves around a girl named Jenna who has to deal with her teenage life while at the same time taking care of her mother who is sick with cancer. The film was directed by Lisa Siwe and written by Linn Gottfridsson. It premiered in Swedish theaters on 30 January 2009 and received critical acclaim from critics. Glowing Stars won several film awards.
 The Forest (A Selva) is a 2002 film directed by Leonel Vieira. The movie won the Best Film at the 2003 Golden Globes Portugal.
 Cinemanovels is a 2013 Canadian comedy film written and directed by Terry Miles. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Fritz the Cat is a 1972 American animated comedy film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi as his feature film debut.Based on the comic strip of the same name by Robert Crumb the film was the first animated feature film to receive an X rating in the United States. It focuses on Fritz (voiced by Skip Hinnant) an anthropomorphic feline in mid-1960s New York City who explores the ideals of hedonism and sociopolitical consciousness.
 Phoenix is a 1998 American crime film directed by British director Danny Cannon and starring Ray Liotta. Liotta plays a cop whose gambling debt leaves him indebted to the underworld and desperate to find a way out without compromising his principles.
 Rock Haven is a 2007 gay Christian-themed movie directed by David Lewis and starring Sean Hoagland Owen Alabado Laura Jane Coles and Katheryn Hecht. The film was shot on location in San Francisco and Bodega Bay. The movie is slowly paced with numerous shots of the Northern California seascape.
 Le Grand Paysage d'Alexis Droeven is a 1981 Belgian drama film directed by Jean-Jacques Andrien. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention. It also received the André Cavens Award for Best Film by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC). The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Crazies is a 2010 US horror film directed by Breck Eisner. Written by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright the film is a remake of the 1973 film of the same name by George A. Romero who is also the executive producer and co-writer of the remake.The Crazies stars Timothy Olyphant and Radha Mitchell. The film takes place in the fictional town of Ogden Marsh Pierce County Iowa friendliest place on Earth whose town water supply is accidentally infected with the Trixie virus.
 Jungle Moon Men (1955) is the fifteenth Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures. It features Johnny Weissmuller in his second performance as the protagonist adventurer Johnny Weissmuller. The film was directed by Charles S. Gould and written by Dwight Babcock and Jo Pagano. The film centres on jungle roamer Johnny Weissmuller and his team attempting to rescue an acquaintance in the jungle of Baku which is inhabited by moon men worshipping an apparent Moon Goddess.
 Cacería (English language:Man Hunt) is a 2002 Argentine action thriller film directed and written by Ezio Massa and Jorge Bechara. Starring Luis Luque Claribel Medina Juan Palomino and Carlos Leyes.
 Bloddy Isshq is a 2013 Bollywood Romantic Suspense Drama film directed by Arup Dutta of Morning Walk fame. The film stars Akash Shilpa Anand and Tripta Parashar. It began filming on November 2011 and is slated to release in 2013.
 Matru Devo Bhava is a 1993 Telugu drama film written and directed by K. Ajayakumar.The film won the National Film Award for Best Lyrics by Veturi Sundararama Murthy for the song Raalipoye Puvva and Filmfare Best Film Award (Telugu)
 Amor y sexo (Safo '63) (Love and Sex (Sappho '63)) is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza and starring María Félix.
 The Geisha (陽暉楼) is a 1983 Japanese film directed by Hideo Gosha.
 White Comanche or Comanche blanco or Rio Honcho is a 1968 paella western starring William Shatner in two roles.The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book The Official Razzie Movie Guide as one of the The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made.
 Storm is a 2005 Swedish fantasy-thriller film directed by Måns Mårlind and Björn Stein. The film stars Eric Ericson Eva Röse and Jonas Karlsson. The official opening of Storm was on 20 January 2006 but the actual opening was at a preview of the film on 18 November 2005 during the Stockholm Film Festival where it also was awarded. Before 2006 Storm had already been sold to 18 other countries.
 For other films with the same name see Sahara.Sahara (also known as Desert Storm) is a 1995 American war film shot in Australia and directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. The film stars James Belushi Alan David Lee and Simon Westaway. This film is a remake of the 1943 Humphrey Bogart film Sahara.
 Pistachio – The Little Boy That Woodn't is the thirty-first Veggie Tales video. It was released direct-to-DVD on February 27 2010. It is a spoof of Carlo Collodi's modern fairy tale Pinocchio. It also has the subtitle A Lesson in Listening to your Parents.
 Platypus Cove is a 1983 Australian TV movie about a tugboat.
 Héroes de Otra Patria (in English Heroes from Another Country or sometimes credited as Heroes without a Cause) is a 1998 Puerto Rican film written and directed by Iván Dariel Ortíz. The film follows the lives of two Puerto Rican soldiers in the middle of the Vietnam War. After being sent on a reconnaissance mission their squad is ambushed and they get lost in the jungle.
 Mending Fences (working titles The View From Here and Prosper's Last Stand) is a television movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel July 19 2009. The film stars Laura Leighton and Angie Dickinson.
 Grean Fictions (Thai: เกรียนฟิคชั่น RTGS: krian~) is a Thai comedy-drama film directed by Chookiat Sakveerakul and produced and distributed by Sahamongkol Film International. The film is a coming-of-age story about Tee an upper-secondary-school boy from Chiang Mai his friends their school lives and family. The film was released on 18 April 2013.
 Theodora (Italian: Teodora) is a dramatization of the life of the Byzantine empress Theodora.Theodora a Roman courtesan and former slave girl marries the Byzantine emperor Justinian and assumes the throne as Empress of Rome. However a love affair with a handsome Greek leads to revolution and armed conflict in both Byzantium and Rome.
 Bleak House is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Constance Collier Berta Gellardi and Helen Haye. It is an adaptation of Charles Dickens' 1852 novel Bleak House. It was one of a large number of silent film versions of Dickens' stories.
 Being Julia is a 2004 drama film with comic undertones directed by István Szabó and starring Annette Bening and Jeremy Irons. The screenplay by Ronald Harwood is based on the 1937 novel Theatre by W. Somerset Maugham. The original music score is composed by Mychael Danna.
 The Music Never Stopped is a 2011 American drama film directed by Jim Kohlberg who makes his directorial debut from a script by Gwyn Lurie and Gary Marks.It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was given a limited release in the US on March 18 2011.
 Sathi Leelavathi is a 1995 Tamil comedy film co-written and directed by Balu Mahendra. The film was produced by Kamal Haasan with story by Ananthu and dialogues by Crazy Mohan with Ilaiyaraja as music composer. The film features Ramesh Aravind Kalpana and Heera in the lead with Kamal Haasan and Kovai Sarala in supporting roles. The films was remade by Ramesh Aravind into Kannada as Rama Shama Bhama in 2005.
 Na kometě (literally On the Comet) is a 1970 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman based on Jules Verne's novel Hector Servadac.
 Love and Duty is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Lucky Miles is an Australian drama feature film based on several true stories involving people entering Australia illegally along the continent's coastline. Its director was Michael James Rowland and its producers were Jo Dyer and Lesley Dyer.
 The Chance of a Lifetime is a 1943 crime drama starring Chester Morris Erik Rolf and Jeanne Bates. It is one of 14 films made by Columbia Pictures involving detective Boston Blackie a criminal-turned-crime solver. This was the sixth in the series and one of three that did not have his name in the title. The film is also William Castle's directorial debut. As with many of the films of the period this was a flag waver to support America's efforts during World War II.
 54 is a 1998 American drama film written and directed by Mark Christopher loosely based on the late 1970s epopea of Studio 54 a world-famous New York City disco club the main setting of the film. It stars Ryan Phillippe Salma Hayek and Neve Campbell. It also stars Mike Myers as Steve Rubell the co-founder of the club.
 Law and Order is a 1953 Western film starring Ronald Reagan.
 Belly is a 1998 American film directed by music video director Hype Williams in his film directing debut. Filmed in New York City as an urban drama the film stars rappers DMX and Nas alongside with Taral Hicks Method Man dancehall artist Louie Rankin and R&B singer T-Boz. Besides starring in the film Nas also narrates and collaborated with Hype Williams on the film's script along with DMX (who uncredited also narrates the beginning and the end parts of the film).
 The Wise Kid is a lost 1922 American comedy film directed by Tod Browning.
 Aruthu is a 1979 Malayalam film by Ravi. It starrs Kamal Haasan M. G. Soman Sankaradi Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Sumithra.
 Too Much (Little) Love (French: Trop (peu) d'amour) is a 1998 French comedy film directed by Jacques Doillon. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dil Kya Kare is a 1999 Hindi drama film directed by Prakash Jha and produced by Veeru Devgan and Veena Devgan. The film was acclaimed critically.
 The Toy that Saved Christmas is the sixth episode of the VeggieTales animated series and the first holiday special in that series. It was released in October 1996 on VHS. Unlike its predecessors it does not feature an opening/closing countertop. Like the other holiday episodes it also has no A Lesson In… subtitle.
 Cinématon is a 156-hour long experimental film by French director Gérard Courant. It was the longest film ever released until 2011. Composed over 36 years from 1978 until 2006 it consists of a series of over 2821 silent vignettes (cinématons) each 3 minutes and 25 seconds long of various celebrities artists journalists and friends of the director each doing whatever they want for the allotted time.
 Moonlight Express (星月童話) is a 1999 joint Hong Kong/Japanese film directed by Daniel Lee and starring Leslie Cheung and Takako Tokiwa.
 The Gunfighters is a 1987 television Western film starring Art Hindle and George Kennedy directed by Clay Borris.
 Remembering Charlie Perkins is a tribute to Aboriginal activist Dr. Charles N. Perkins. It features Professor Gordon Briscoe who was with Perkins from early times. Briscoe recounts Perkins's life and events in activism.The film is presented in conjunction with ABC Fora.
 The Man Who Copied (Portuguese: O Homem que Copiava (Portuguese pronunciation: [u ˈõmẽ ki koˈpjavɐ]) is a 2003 Brazilian comedy film by Jorge Furtado set in Porto Alegre Rio Grande do Sul Brazil.The Man Who Copied though a comedy is a comedy driven by crime taking the form of a how-to guide for social mobility.
 Aisha and Rahul is the first film of Asopa Films Incorporation Twinkle Productions and Asopa Films International. It was distributed on DVD by Asopa Films International (Canada) and Celebrity Video Distribution (USA).
 Range Defenders is a 1937 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Mack V. Wright.
 A Sister to Assist 'Er is a 1938 British comedy film directed by George Dewhurst and Widgey R. Newman and starring Muriel George Polly Emery and Charles Paton. It was based on the play A Sister to Assist 'Er by John le Breton.
 Maga Maharaju (Telugu: మగ మహారాజు) is a 1983 Telugu film that was directed by Vijaya Bapineedu and was produced by Shyam Prasad Arts. Chiranjeevi Rao Gopal Rao Suhasini Mani Ratnam and Annapurna played roles.
 On Top (Icelandic: Með allt á hreinu (About this sound pronunciation )) is an Icelandic musical comedy from 1982 directed by Icelandic director Ágúst Guðmundsson.
 Life Is But a Dream is a 2013 autobiographical television film directed and executive produced by American singer Beyoncé Knowles. The film was released on February 16 2013 on the HBO network in conjunction with Parkwood Entertainment Knowles' management company. The film uses a combination of professional camera footage private video from Knowles' laptop and from her May 2012 4-night revue at Revel Atlantic City. Upon its release the documentary opened to mixed reviews from critics.
 Painted Boats (U.S. The Girl on the Canal or The Girl of the Canal) is a black-and-white British film directed by Charles Crichton and released by Ealing Studios in 1945. Painted Boats one of the lesser-known Ealing films of the period is brief (63 minutes long) uses a little-known cast and has a slight storyline.
 Journey 2: The Mysterious Island (also known as Journey to the Mysterious Island) is a 2012 American 3D science fiction adventure comedy film directed by Brad Peyton. It is the sequel to Journey to the Center of the Earth. Following the first film the sequel is based on another Jules Verne novel this time The Mysterious Island.The film stars Dwayne Johnson Michael Caine Josh Hutcherson Vanessa Hudgens Luis Guzmán and Kristin Davis.
 War Game is a 2001 animated short film made by the British animation company Illuminated Films and based on the Michael Foreman novel of the same name. The film included many of the same scenes listed in the book although four new characters were created.In the short the boys (Will Freddie Billy and Lacey) are out playing a game of football when they hear about England declaring war on Germany.
 Explosion (Romanian: Explozia) is a 1973 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Drăgan. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Diploma.
 Won on the Post is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set against a backdrop of horseracing.It is considered a lost film.
 The Birds and the Bees is a 1956 screwball comedy film with songs starring George Gobel Mitzi Gaynor and David Niven. A remake of Preston Sturges' 1941 film The Lady Eve which was based on a story by Monckton Hoffe the film was directed by Norman Taurog and written by Sidney Sheldon. The costumes for the film were designed by Edith Head.
 La Obertura is a 1977 Argentine film.
 Do Ustad is a Hindi film made in 1959 directed by Tara Harish with Raj Kapoor and Madhubala in the lead roles.
 Nightclub School Hospital is a 2012 Chinese horror film.
 Saaz Aur Sanam is a 1971 Bollywood romance film directed by J.B.H. Wadia. The film stars Rekha and Premendra.
 Angels Sing is a 2013 Christmas family drama film. An adaptation of Turk Pipkin's 1999 novel When Angels Sing the film is directed by Tim McCanlies and stars Harry Connick Jr. Connie Britton Chandler Canterbury Fionnula Flanagan Lyle Lovett Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson.
 Grand Theft Parsons is a 2003 film based on the true story of the country musician Gram Parsons (played by Gabriel Macht) who died of an overdose in 1973. Parsons and his road manager Phil Kaufman (Johnny Knoxville) made a pact in life that whoever died first would be cremated by the other in what was then the Joshua Tree National Monument an area of desert they both loved and cherished.
 Nate and Hayes also known as Savage Islands (UK title) is a 1983 swashbuckling adventure film set in the South Pacific in the late 19th century. Directed by Ferdinand Fairfax and filmed on location in Fiji and New Zealand it starred Tommy Lee Jones Michael O'Keefe and Jenny Seagrove.This was one of many early 1980s films designed to capitalize on the popularity of Lucas and Spielberg's hero Indiana Jones but Nate and Hayes was a flop at the box office.
 One Way Passage (1932) is a romantic film starring William Powell and Kay Francis as star-crossed lovers directed by Tay Garnett and released by Warner Bros.
 Thunder is a 1929 American silent melodrama film starring Lon Chaney and directed by William Nigh. The film has no audible dialogue but featured a synchronized musical score and sound effects. Thunder was Chaney's penultimate film appearance and his last silent film.The majority of Thunder is now considered lost with only a half a reel of the entire footage known to survive.
 A Sunday in the Country (French: Un dimanche à la campagne) is a 1984 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier.
 Krrish 3 ([ˈkrɪʃ 3]) is a 2013 Bollywood superhero science fiction film produced and directed by Rakesh Roshan. It is the third film in the Krrish series following Koi... Mil Gaya (2003) and Krrish (2006). The film stars Hrithik Roshan Vivek Oberoi Priyanka Chopra and Kangna Ranaut in the lead roles. The story follows the life of Rohit Mehra a scientist and Krishna Mehra a.k.a.
 Termites of 1938 is the 28th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Out of the Depths is a 1921 western silent film based on a book by author Robert Ames Bennet and directed by Otis B. Thayer and Frank Reicher starring Edmund Cobb and Violet Mersereau. The film was shot in Denver Colorado by Thayer's Art-O-Graf film company.
 Black Knight is a 2001 American comedy film starring Martin Lawrence. The film was directed by Gil Junger whose experience was primarily with television sitcoms. In addition to Lawrence Black Knight had a supporting cast of Marsha Thomason Tom Wilkinson Vincent Regan and Kevin Conway.The film was released in November 2001 and went on to gross $39976235 at the worldwide box office. The film was shot at various locations in North Carolina.
 Northwest Stampede is a 1948 contemporary Northwestern film produced and directed by Albert S. Rogell. It stars Joan Leslie and James Craig. The film was shot in Cinecolor in Alberta and features the Calgary Stampede. Joan Leslie had been suspended by Warner Bros. and it was the second of two films she made for Eagle-Lion films
 Akarshan is a 1988 Bollywood romantic film directed and produced by Tanvir Ahmed.
 L'été en pente douce (Summer on a gentle slope) is a French film an adaptation of a novel by Pierre Pelot. It was directed by Gérard Krawczyk and released in 1987.
 In the Nick is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Anthony Newley Anne Aubrey Bernie Winters James Booth and Harry Andrews. A gang of incompetent criminals are placed in a special type of new prison.
 Il figlioccio del padrino (The Godson of the Godfather) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti. A parody of The Godfather it was mainly shot in Acireale. The film got a good commercial success grossing about 500 million lire.
 Shivers (filmed as Orgy of the Blood Parasites; alternate titles: The Parasite Murders They Came from Within and Frissons for the French Canadian distribution) is a 1975 Canadian science fiction body horror film written and directed by David Cronenberg. Cronenberg won Best Director at the 1975 Sitges Film Festival.
 The League of Gentlemen is a 1960 British crime drama directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jack Hawkins Nigel Patrick Roger Livesey and Richard Attenborough. It was based on the 1958 novel by John Boland and adapted by Bryan Forbeswho also starred in the film.
 Ninja Bachelor Party is a 1991 low-budget comedy film produced by and starring Bill Hicks Kevin Booth and David Johndrow. It is a parody of martial arts movies and was intentionally dubbed improperly. It was filmed throughout Austin Texas and Houston Texas over the course of ten years due to the producers not taking the project seriously.
 The Amazing Colossal Man is a 1957 black-and-white science fiction film directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Glenn Langan. The film revolves around a man who grows to over 60 feet tall as the result of an atomic accident.
 Gun is a 2011 Kannada film in the action genre starring Harish Raj and Mallika Kapoor in the lead roles. Nikitha also plays an important role. The film has been directed and written by Harish Raj and is jointly produced by K. Murali under Nishanth Constructions. Ronnie Raphel has composed the music. Kalyan and Kaviraj have written the lyrics for the songs. The film was released on 25 Februaruy 2011.
 Dead Man's Float is a 1980 Australian film about a group of young kids who uncover smugglers.
 Mother (Russian: Мать translit. Mat also released as 1905) is a 1955 Soviet drama film directed by Mark Donskoy and based on the eponymous novel by Maxim Gorky. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Cat Burglar is a 1961 film.
 Digna... hasta el último aliento (Digna (dignified)... until the last breath) is a Mexican film released in 2003.This documentary is about Digna Ochoa Plácido a human rights activist who died under mysterious circumstances in 2001 in Mexico City following her kidnapping by the federal police in 1999. It was presented at the Guadalajara and Berlin Film Festivals.
 Stag Night of the Dead is a 2010 low budget British comedy horror film written and directed by Neil Napoleon Jones.
 La Cucina is a 2007 romantic drama written by A. W. Gryphon. The film stars Christina Hendricks Joaquim de Almeida Leisha Hailey & Rachel Hunter. It was directed by first time directors Allison Hebble & Zed B. Starkovich. The film was scored by Ian Ball from the band Gomez. Although Ball had contributed songs to other films such as the Academy Award winning film American Beauty this was his first attempt at scoring an entire film.
 Boyfriends is a 1996 British independent film. Three gay couples all of whom are suffering relationship problems spend a weekend at the seaside and learn how to deal with their issues from each other. The film was written and directed by Tom Hunsinger and Neil Hunter. The film was James Dreyfus' last role as an unknown before taking the part of Constable Goody in The Thin Blue Line.
 The Straitjacket Lottery is a 2004 film from writer/director Doug Karr starring Andy Jones David Huband Tara Slone and Joe Cobden. When Boris Durban loses a busload of mental health patients he’ll resort to any means in order to get them back. This 22 minute comedic short set in urban Nova Scotia is a window into the erratic world of mental health and the thin line between idiosyncrasy and insanity.
 Children of the Sun (Hebrew: ילדי השמש) is a 2007 documentary feature film about the Israeli kibbutz directed by Ran Tal.
 Patayin sa Sindak si Barbara (literally Kill Barbara in Shock) is a 1995 Filipino horror-drama remake of the 1974 horror film Patayin Mo Sa Sindak Si Barbara directed by Chito S. Roño and released by Star Cinema.The film also celebrated the 20th-year anniversary offering in which the film was originally released.
 No Lies... is a 1972 short dramatic film made by Mitchell Block while he was a student at New York University. The film which is in the style of a cinéma vérité interview deals with a young woman who has been raped and has been widely viewed by nurses therapists and police officers.In 2008 No Lies... was selected for inclusion by the United States Library of Congress to its National Film Registry.
 Bon Cop Bad Cop is a 2006 Canadian dark comedy-thriller buddy cop film about an Ontarian and a Québécois police officer who reluctantly join forces. The dialogue is a mixture of English and French. The title is a translation word play on the phrase Good cop/bad cop.
 Too Much is Enough (French: Trop c'est assez) is a 1995 Canadian documentary film by Richard Brouillette. It won the M. Joan Chalmers Award for best Canadian documentary in 1996.
 Guy is a 1997 film directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg and written by Kirby Dick. The drama stars Hope Davis Vincent D'Onofrio Lucy Liu Sandy Martin Michael Massee John F. O'Donohue and Richard Portnow. The movie was initially released in the United States on 17 December 1997. Its United Kingdom release was on 22 May 1998. It was filmed on location in Los Angeles California.
 Teen Yaari Katha (Bengali: তিন ইয়ারী কথা; English: Tale of Three Friends) is a 2012 Bengali language comedy film by the director team of Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha. The Bengali musical group Bhoomi composed the film's music. The film tells the story of three middle class friends and their personal struggles. The film's release was delayed by censors due to its sexual themes.
 Mars et Avril (aka Mars & Avril or Mars and April — Mars here referring to planet Mars and Avril/April to the lead female character) is a Canadian science fiction film starring Jacques Languirand Caroline Dhavernas Paul Ahmarani and Robert Lepage.
 Border is a 1997 blockbuster Bollywood War film based on the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. J. P. Dutta directed and produced this war epic which stars Sunny Deol Sunil Shetty Akshaye Khanna Jackie shroff Tabu Pooja Bhatt Puneet Issar Kulbhushan Kharbanda Raakhee and Sharbani Mukherjee.The movie is an adaptation from real life events that happened at the Battle of Longewala fought in Rajasthan (Western Theatre) during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and Bangladesh Liberation War.
 Ålder okänd (translates to Age Unknown) is a 1991 TV-movie written and directed by Richard Hobert. The movie was shown on Swedish TV2 in three parts of 50 minutes each.
 Shogun Assassin known in Japan as Kozure Ōkami (子連れ狼) is a jidaigeki film made for the British and American markets and released in 1980.
 Rain or Shine is a 1930 all-talking pre-code film directed by Frank Capra and starring Joe Cook and Louise Fazenda. The film was adapted from a hit Broadway musical of the same name and was originally planned as a full-scale musical. Due to the public backlash against musical films (beginning in the latter part of the summer of 1930) all musical numbers were discarded before release.
 Proof of Life is a 2000 American film directed by Taylor Hackford. The title refers to a phrase commonly used to indicate proof that a kidnap victim is still alive.
 The Cure: Trilogy (Live In The Tempodrom Berlin November 2002) is a double live album video by The Cure released on two double layer DVD-9 discs and later on a single Blu-Ray disc. It documents The Trilogy Concerts in which the three albums Pornography (1982) Disintegration (1989) and Bloodflowers (2000) were played live in their entirety one after the other each night the songs being played in the order in which they appeared on the albums.
 Sundown: The Vampire in Retreat is a 1989 American Western horror/comedy directed by Anthony Hickox and starring David Carradine Bruce Campbell and Morgan Brittany. It was written by Hickox and John Burgess.Filmed in and around Moab Utah in 1988 Sundown was Vestron Pictures' last film and it was never released to theaters. Its only public screenings were at film festivals in Seattle and Palm Springs as well as a Cannes release in 1989.
 See No Evil 2 is an upcoming slasher film directed by the Soska sisters written by Nathan Brookes and Bobby Lee Darby produced by Michael Luisi and stars professional wrestler Kane. It is the sequel to the 2006 See No Evil. Unlike the original which had a theatrical release this film will be released direct-to-DVD and Blu-ray in 2014.
 The Red Mouse (German: Die rote Maus) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Aud Egede Nissen Paul Richter and Charles Willy Kayser.
 Alley Cat is a 1984 action film about a young female martial arts expert who becomes a one-woman vigilante against a local street gang. The film was directed by Victor M. Ordonez Eduardo Palmos and Al Valletta (all under the alias Edward Victor) and stars Karin Mani and Robert Torti.
 The Neighbors (Hangul: 이웃사람; RR: Iussaram; also known as My Neighbor) is a 2012 South Korean suspense thriller starring Kim Yunjin in the lead role.Residents of a small apartment building learn that a serial killer lives within their building. Kyung-hee feels heavy guilt for not being able to prevent her stepdaughter’s murder so she takes it upon herself to find the killer.
 Jersey Boys is an upcoming 2014 musical biography drama directed by Clint Eastwood based on the Tony Award-winning musical Jersey Boys. The film tells the story of the musical group The Four Seasons. It is scheduled for release on June 20 2014.
 The Hard Corps is a 2006 American action film written and directed by Sheldon Lettich and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Raz Adoti Vivica A. Fox and Peter Bryant. It is the fourth collaboration between Jean-Claude Van Damme and film director Sheldon Lettich. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on August 15 2006.
 Comedian Paulus Singing (French: Paulus chantant) was a series of five French short silent films made in 1897 by Georges Méliès starring the popular café-concert singer Paulus (real name Jean-Paul Habans 1845–1908). The films were designed for a café-concert stunt in which Paulus would sing behind the screen as the films were projected giving the illusion of a sound film. All five films are currently presumed lost.
 Guest in the House (re-release title Satan in Skirts) is a 1944 American film noir directed by John Brahm. The drama features Anne Baxter Ralph Bellamy Aline MacMahon among others.
 The Murder Game is an American horror film starring Steve Polites Katie Sirk Samuel Klein and directed by Robert Harari. The film is distributed by Warner Bros. and Lightyear Entertainment.
 Sanam Teri Kasam is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Narendra Bedi and produced by Reena Roy's sister Barkha Roy starring Kamal Haasan Reena Roy Kader Khan and Ranjeet. The film became a semi-hit at the box office and was more successful in the big cities.R.D. Burman won his first Filmfare Best Music Director Award for Sanam Teri Kasam.
 Happy Tears is an American independent comedy-drama film by Mitchell Lichtenstein. It stars Parker Posey Demi Moore Rip Torn Sebastian Roché and Ellen Barkin. The film premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival on 11 February 2009 and was released theatrically in the United States on 19 February 2010.
 Der Weg nach oben is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 A Matter of Time is a 1976 American/Italian musical fantasy film directed by Vincente Minnelli. The screenplay by John Gay is based on the novel Film of Memory by Maurice Druon. The fictional story is based loosely on the real life exploits of the infamous Italian eccentric the Marchesa Casati whom Druon knew during her declining years in London while he was stationed there during World War II.
 Prague Seamstresses (Czech: Pražské švadlenky) is a 1929 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Přemysl Pražský.
 Martin is a 1978 American horror film written and directed by George A. Romero.Romero claims that Martin is the favorite of all his films. The film is also notable as the first collaboration between George Romero and special effects artist Tom Savini.
 Andre's Mother is a 1990 American drama film directed by Deborah Reinisch. The screenplay by Terrence McNally is an expansion of an eight-minute play written for an anthology called Urban Blight that was produced by the Manhattan Theater Club in 1988.The film was produced by WGBH Boston and was broadcast on March 7 1990 by PBS stations nationwide as part of the American Playhouse series. It was released on Region 1 DVD on April 25 2006.
 Love Me Again is a 2008 Filipino film starring Angel Locsin with Piolo Pascual released under Star Cinema. The film was directed by award-winning film director Rory Quintos.Love Me Again had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 6 2008 and in San Francisco California on December 7 2008. It opened in Philippine theaters last January 15 2009.
 Tragic Ceremony (Italian: Estratto dagli archivi segreti della polizia di una capitale europea Spanish: Trágica ceremonia en villa Alexander also known as Tragic Experience at Villa Alexander) is a 1972 Italian-Spanish thriller-horror film directed by Riccardo Freda.In 2004 it was restored and shown as part of the retrospective Storia Segreta del Cinema Italiano: Italian Kings of the Bs at the 61st Venice International Film Festival.
 Ore Kadal (English: The Sea Within) is a 2007 Malayalam film written and directed by Shyamaprasad. The film examines the extra-marital relationship between an intellectual economist and a housewife. It stars Mammootty Meera Jasmine Narain and Ramya Krishnan.Ore Kadal was chosen as the inaugural film of the Indian Panorama section at the International Film Festival of India. Ouseppachan won the National Award for the Best Music Director for Ore Kadal.
 Two Mafiamen in the Far West (Italian: Due mafiosi nel Far West) is a 1964 Italian comedy western film directed by Giorgio Simonelli. Its stars Franco Franchi Ciccio Ingrassia and Fernando Sancho.
 Mugguru Monagallu (Telugu: ముగ్గురు మొనగాళ్ళు) is a Tollywood film which released on January 7 1994 and was produced by Chiranjeevi's brother Nagendra Babu. This film stars Chiranjeevi in a triple role Nagma Roja and Ramya Krishna. K. Raghavendra Rao directed this action flick. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Alex Pandiyan.
 Woe to the Young (Greek: Αλίμονο στους νέους) is a 1961 film. Is based on the myth of Faust who sold his soul to the Devil. A rich old man (Dimitris Horn) who wants to be young again aiming to marry a young girl makes a deal with the Devil. He becomes young but with no wealth anymore. He spends too fast the little money he had and finally the girl after her mother's pressure rejects him to marry another rich old man of the neighborhood.
 Return of Jewel Thief is an Indian Hindi film released in 1996. It was a sequel to the original film Jewel Thief that starred Dev Anand with Ashok Kumar. The cast of the film includes Dharmendra Dev Anand Ashok Kumar and Jackie Shroff.
 Buddies (Portuguese: Colegas) is a 2012 Brazilian adventure-comedy film written and directed by Marcelo Galvão.The film tells the story of three young people with Down syndrome working in the video library of the institute where they live. One day inspired by the movie Thelma & Louise they decide to flee in search of new adventures.
 Sennenbi (千年火 lit. thousand year fire) is a 2004 Japanese movie directed by Segi Naoki.
 A Woman's Temptation is a 1959 British film.
 Bubble Trouble is the 151st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is a 1983 Disney horror fantasy film directed by Jack Clayton from a screenplay written by Ray Bradbury based on his novel of the same name. The film stars Jason Robards Jonathan Pryce Diane Ladd and Pam Grier. It was shot in Vermont and at the Walt Disney Studios.
 Shackles is a 2005 film directed by Charles Winkler and written by Donald Martin. It stars D.L. Hughley and Jose Pablo Cantillo. The poems featured in the film were written by Jerry Quickley.
 Sarkar (Hindi: सरकार translation: Government or colloquially to address someone of authority a political overlord) is a 2005 Indian dramatic thriller film set in the world of politics and crime directed by Ram Gopal Varma inspired by the American film The Godfather.The film stars Amitabh Bachchan in the title role alongside his real-life son Abhishek Bachchan as the younger son Shankar Nagre along with Kay Kay Menon Katrina Kaif Anupam Kher Supriya Pathak and Tanisha Mukherjee.Set up in the world of Indian politics. 
 First Monday in October is a 1981 American film based on the play of the same name by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee and directed by Ronald Neame.
 Undertow (Spanish: Contracorriente) is a 2009 Peruvian drama film directed by Javier Fuentes-León and marks his directorial long-feature debut. Initial financing came from Germany and France with additional financing by Peru. The film shot in Cabo Blanco Peru won the World Cinema Audience Award in the Dramatic category at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival in the U.S.A.
 Fright is a 1971 British thriller film starring Susan George Ian Bannen Honor Blackman and John Gregson.
 Daman: A Victim of Marital Violence is a 2001 Indian film directed by Kalpana Lajmi released on 4 May 2001. The lead actress Raveena Tandon won the distinguished National Film Award for Best Actress for her role as Durga Saikia. The film follows the story of a battered wife. The film was distributed by India's Government.
 A Chinese Ghost Story III (Sinnui Yauwan III: Do Do Do) is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic comedy-horror film directed by Ching Siu-Tung and produced by Tsui Hark. It is the sequel to A Chinese Ghost Story and A Chinese Ghost Story II.Though technically a distant sequel the plot is more of a retelling of the original A Chinese Ghost Story. Joey Wong reprises her role as a ghostly beauty bound in servitude to the Tree Demon.
 Baker Boys: Inside the Surge is a 2010 four-part documentary series following the soldiers of Baker Company Task Force 1-15 Infantry 3d Heavy Brigade Combat Team 3rd Infantry Division (Mechanized) during their deployment in Operation Iraqi Freedom at Combat Outpost Carver during the troop surge of 2007.The series provides an intimate view of soldiers on the front lines during the Surge of coalition troops in Iraq.
 Chemie und Liebe is an East German comedy film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt. It was released in 1948.
 Pasivadi Pranam (Telugu: పసివాడి ప్రాణం) is a Telugu language film which released on July 23 1987. This film stars Chiranjeevi Vijayashanti and Raghuvaran. This film was produced by Chiranjeevi's brother-in-law Allu Aravind. This film was directed A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film is a remake of Poovinnu Puthiya Poonthennal a Malayalam movie starring Mammootty. The film gained popularity on the web in 2011 when it was featured on an episode of Ray William Johnson's Equals Three (=3) show.
 Jedenácté přikázání also known as The Eleventh Commandment' is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1935.
 Mabel Lost and Won is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Owen Moore. The film was also directed by Mabel Normand.
 Rishi is a 2001 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Sundar C.. The film stars Sarath Kumar Meena Prakash Raj and Sanghavi in lead roles has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 16 February 2001. This movie did well and was a surprise hit.
 Poovellam Kettuppar (Tamil: பூவெல்லாம் கேட்டுப்பார் ; English: Ask all the flowers!) is a 1999 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Vasanth which stars Suriya and Jyothika in leading roles. The film also starring Vijayakumar Nassar Vadivelu Ambika and Manorama in pivotal roles was released on 6 August 1999.
 Santa Claus Conquers the Martians is a 1964 science fiction film that regularly appears on lists of the worst films ever made. It is regularly featured in the bottom 100 list on the Internet Movie Database and was featured in an episode of the 1986 syndicated series the Canned Film Festival. It was directed by Nicholas Webster and it stars John Call as Santa Claus.
 Ramparts of Clay (French: Remparts d'argile) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Jean-Louis Bertucelli. The film stars Leila Shenna as well as the villagers of the Algerian village of Tehouda. The film was selected as the French entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 44th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.The film tells the story of a young woman (played by Schenna) who tries to free herself from the role imposed on her by the village culture.
 Mahaguru is an Action thriller Bengali film made in 2004. This action movie has Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role along with Debashree Roy
 Jackson County Jail is an American exploitation action thriller film from 1976 directed by Michael Miller starring Tommy Lee Jones Yvette Mimieux and Lisa Copeland.
 Tekken: The Motion Picture (鉄拳 -TEKKEN-) is an anime adaptation of the Tekken video games by Namco produced in 1998 by ASCII Corporation and Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Originally released in Japan as a two-episode OVA an English adaptation was produced by ADV Films which edited both episodes into a single hour-long film and featured a new Americanized soundtrack.
 The Source (French: La Source des femmes) is a 2011 French drama-comedy film directed by Radu Mihăileanu starring Leïla Bekhti and Hafsia Herzi. It premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Giran is an Egyptian 2009 documentary film.
 Pilates For Indie Rockers is a fitness video that matches a traditional pilates workout with contemporary indie rock music and attitude.The DVD features certified yoga instructor Chaos running a mat-style pilates workout with the assistance of Rage Burner who demonstrates the beginner moves.
 Mr. Wise Guy is a 1942 American film starring The East Side Kids and directed by William Nigh.
 Great Expectations is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Robert G. Vignola and Paul West based on the 1861-1862 novel of the same name by Charles Dickens. Jack Pickford stars as Pip and Louise Huff as Estella.
 The House on 92nd Street is a 1945 black-and-white American spy film directed by Henry Hathaway. The film shot mainly in New York City was released shortly after the end of World War II. The House on 92nd Street was made with the full cooperation of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and its head J. Edgar Hoover appears during the introduction. Also the FBI agents in Washington were played by actual agents.
 Any Mother's Son is a 1997 television drama film directed by David Burton Morris.
 Scared to Death also known as The Aberdeen Experiment and Scared to Death: Syngenor (DVD sleeve re-title) is a 1980 B horror/science fiction film directed by William Malone.
 Nomads is a 1986 horror film which was written and directed by John McTiernan and stars Pierce Brosnan and Lesley-Anne Down. The story involves a French anthropologist who is an expert on nomads. He stumbles across a group of urban nomads who turn out to be more than he expected.
 National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze is a 2003 American comedy film. Directed by the brothers David and Scott Hillenbrand it was written by Patrick Casey and Worm Miller. The movie showcases many new and largely then-unknown actors and actresses. In addition to Tatyana Ali the film also features Patrick Renna Chris Owen Marie-Noelle Marquis and Danielle Fishel.The film was theatrically released on September 26 2003 and was only available in limited release areas.
 City of Bad Men is a 1953 American Western film starring Jeanne Crain Dale Robertson and Richard Boone.
 Man in the Dark is a 1953 film noir drama 3-D film directed by Lew Landers and starring Edmond O'Brien Audrey Totter and Ted de Corsia. It is a remake of the 1936 Ralph Bellamy film The Man Who Lived Twice.It was the first Columbia Pictures film released in 3-D.
 Victim is a 1961 British suspense film directed by Basil Dearden starring Dirk Bogarde and Sylvia Syms. It is notable in film history for being the first English language film to use the word homosexual. (The first film to use the word was the German film Anders als die Andern in 1919.) The world premiere was at the Odeon Cinema in Leicester Square on 31 August 1961. On its release in the United Kingdom it proved highly controversial and was initially banned in the United States.
 Restitution inattendue is an 1902 French comedy film of unknown director.
 ShowBusiness: The Road to Broadway is an American documentary film the first feature film directed by Dori Berinstein a Broadway Producer Writer and Filmmaker. Berinstein completed the film in 2005. The film premiered at the 2005 Tribeca Film Festival. The film was named one of the top 5 films of 2006 by the IDA (International Documentary Association) and received the Grand Jury Prize for Best Documentary at the 2006 Florida Film Festival.
 Brancaleone at the Crusades (Italian: Brancaleone alle Crociate) is an Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli in 1970 the sequel of the famous L'armata Brancaleone.
 Healers For All Reasons (2005) is a 28-minute documentary directed by Vijay S. Jodha. It looks at two traditional Indian village healers whose lives and work embody altruism tolerance and sustainability. The documentary was made in English Gujarati and Hindi.
 Do Sher is a 1974 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Not to be confused with the 1941 wartime comedy You're in the Army Now.In the Army Now is a 1994 American war comedy film directed by Daniel Petrie Jr. and starring Pauly Shore Andy Dick David Alan Grier Esai Morales and Lori Petty. The film earned $28881266 USD at the box office making it the third highest grossing movie starring Pauly Shore (behind Encino Man and A Goofy Movie).
 Avittam Thirunaal Aarogya Sriman (Malayalam: അവിട്ടം തിരുനാള്‍ ആരോഗ്യ ശ്രീമാന്‍ ) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi.
 Bezimienni bohaterowie is a 1932 Polish romance film directed by Michal Waszynski.
 Reserved for the Death (German: Reserviert für den Tod) is an East German film. It was released in 1963.
 I Dream of Jeannie... Fifteen Years Later is a made-for-television reunion movie based on the 1965-70 series I Dream of Jeannie which aired on NBC on October 20 1985 and produced by Columbia Pictures Television.Barbara Eden reprised her world-famous role as the magical Jeannie. Also reprising their roles from the original series were Bill Daily as Tony's fellow astronaut and best friend Roger Healy and Hayden Rorke as NASA psychiatrist Dr. Alfred Bellows.
 Hotath Neerar Jonnyo is a 2004 Bengali film directed by director Subrata Sen. It is based on a short story Rani O Abinash by noted novelist Sunil Gangopadhyay.
 Melvin Purvis: G-Man is a 1974 American TV movie about Melvin Purvis.
 Rogue Male is a 1976 British television film starring Peter O'Toole based on Geoffrey Household's novel Rogue Male. Made by the BBC it was adapted by Frederic Raphael and directed by Clive Donner and also stars Alastair Sim John Standing and Harold Pinter. It was first transmitted on 22 September 1976.
 Sabbath in Paradise is a documentary film by Claudia Heuermann examining contemporary Jewish musical culture in New York's avant garde Jazz scene in the 1990s. It features concert footage and interviews with Anthony Coleman Marc Ribot Andy Statman David Krakauer Frank London John Zorn and others.
 Adwa - An African Victory is a 1999 Ethiopian documentary film directed by Haile Gerima. It concerns the Battle of Adowa (Adwa) (1896).
 Truck Driver (Punjabi: ਟਰੱਕ ਡਰਾਈਵਰ) is a 1997 Punjabi film directed by Ravinder Ravi and produced by Deepak Chadha starring Gugu Gill Upasna Singh Harpal Tiwana Surinder Shinda Preeti Sapru Surinder Sharma a special appearance by Manjit Kular and more.
 Naagara Havu (Kannada ನಾಗರ ಹಾವು) is a 2002 Kannada Psychological Thriller film starring Upendra and Jyotika. The film was directed by S Murali Mohan and was a remake of the 1993 Bollywood film Baazigar. Upendra and Jyotika won several awards for this movie including South Filmfare Awards. The film shocked its Karnataka audience with an unexpected violation of the standard Kannada film industry formula with an ambiguous hero.
 We Sold Our Souls for Rock 'n Roll is a 2001 documentary by Penelope Spheeris. It was filmed at the 1999 Ozzfest and won an award for Most Popular Documentary at the 2001 Melbourne International Film Festival. Legal issues delayed the release. The documentary received mixed reviews.
 Ma Hogan's New Boarder was a 1915 film directed by Raymond Longford starring Charlie Chaplin impersonator Charles Evans. In the movie the lead displays his antics and mannerisms.It was one of Longford's few films not to feature Lottie Lyell and is considered a lost film.
 Mere Mehboob ('My Lover') is a 1963 Indian film directed by Harnam Singh Rawail and starring Rajendra Kumar Sadhana Ashok Kumar Nimmi Pran Johnny Walker and Ameeta. The film became a blockbuster and took the number one position at the box office in 1963. The movie drew a background from Aligarh Muslim University Aligarh and traditional Lucknow. The famous song Mere Mehboob Tujhe Mere was shot in the University Hall and in a couple of places one gets to see the university.
 Mississippi Burning is a 1988 American drama-thriller film directed by Alan Parker and written by Chris Gerolmo. It was loosely based on the FBI investigation into the real-life murders of three civil rights workers in the U.S. state of Mississippi in 1964. The film focuses on two fictional FBI agents (portrayed by Gene Hackman and Willem Dafoe) who investigate the murders.
 Sulle Sathya : The Real Lie is a 2013 Kannada short film directed by Akash Srivatsa and produced by Ravi Kashyap for Vibha Kashyap Productions. The movie stars Mahesh M A Harleen Rekhi and Amitha Rao in lead roles and senior theatre actor Rajendra Karanth in a supporting role. The background music of the movie is scored by Priyadarshan Subramanian. The songs for the film were composed by many young composers who came together for the first time.
 At War with the Army is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Hal Walker and starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and introducing Polly Bergen. It was filmed from July through August 1949 and released on December 30 1950 by Paramount. It was re-released in 1958 by OMAT Pictures.Although filmed before My Friend Irma Goes West it was held back until the sequel to Martin and Lewis' smash film debut My Friend Irma was released.
 K-11 is a 2012 American drama film co-written (with Jared Kurt) and directed by Jules Stewart. The film stars an ensemble cast of generally independent film actors including Goran Višnjić Portia Doubleday Jason Mewes and Sonya Eddy. The film also includes Chiodos vocalist Craig Owens.The term K-11 refers to a dormitory section of the Los Angeles jail used to hold gay and transsexual inmates.
 Envy is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Barry Levinson. It stars Ben Stiller and Jack Black.
 Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker (ドラゴンエイジ ブラッドメイジの聖戦 Dragon Age: Blood Mage no Seisen) is a 2012 Japanese CG anime film directed by Fumihiko Sori and based on the video game series Dragon Age.
 Séraphin: un homme et son péché (English title: Séraphin: Heart of Stone) is a Quebec film released in 2002. The script is based on a novel by Claude-Henri Grignon. The film won a number of Jutra Awards and the Genie Golden Reel Award in 2003.An earlier film Un homme et son péché based on the same novel was produced in 1949.
 Rasa Magan is a 1994 Tamil language film written and directed by Manivannan. The film stars Prashanth and Sivaranjani in the lead roles while Ilaiyaraaja composed the film's music.
 The Love Bugs is a 1917 silent comedy film directed by and starring Oliver Hardy.
 Three Lucky Fools (Italian:Tre uomini in frack) is a 1933 French-Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Tito Schipa Eduardo De Filippo and Fred Pasquali. It marked the film debut of Assia Noris who went on to be a leading Italian star.
 San Demetrio London is a 1943 World War II docudrama based on the true story of the 1940 rescue of the tanker MV San Demetrio by parts of her own crew after she had been set afire by the German heavy cruiser Admiral Scheer and then had been abandoned during the Battle of the Atlantic.
 The Car is a 1977 thriller film directed by Elliot Silverstein and written by Michael Butler Dennis Shryack and Lane Slate.
 Canadian Mounties vs Atomic Invaders (1953) is a Republic Movie serial starring Bill Henry and both produced and directed by Franklin Adreon. It was the sixty-second serial (of sixty-six) produced by Republic. Despite the title this is not a science fiction serial. The plot is a northern cold war adventure involving secret missile bases and a planned invasion of the United States.
 Hunting Flies (Polish: Polowanie na muchy) is a 1969 Polish comedy film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival.
 Borrowed Bride (Turkish: Eğreti Gelin) is a 2005 film directed and co-written by Atıf Yılmaz.
 A Business Affair is a 1994 romantic comedy film directed by Charlotte Brandstrom and starring Carole Bouquet. Christopher Walken and Jonathan Pryce. The film was produced by the United Kingdom in coordination with France Germany and Spain and much of the film was shot in London. On one film poster of the film Caroline Bouqet is featured with her arms wrapped around Big Ben with the two men beside her.
 The Royal Bengal Tiger is an Bengali film directed by Rajesh Ganguly written and produced by Neeraj Pandey. The film stars Jeet Abir Chatterjee Shraddha Das and Priyanka Sarkar in the lead roles.
 Chess Fever (Russian: Шахматная горячка Shakhmatnaya goryachka) is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Nikolai Shpikovsky. Chess Fever is a comedy about the Moscow 1925 chess tournament made by Pudovkin during the pause in the filming of Mechanics of the Brain. The film combines acted parts with the actual footage from the tournament.
 Char Aankhen is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Wafadaar is a 1985 Hindi film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.
 Spun is a 2002 American crime comedy-drama dark comedy directed by Jonas Åkerlund from an original screenplay by William De Los Santos and Creighton Vero based on 3 days of De Los Santos' life in the Eugene Oregon drug subculture and stars Jason Schwartzman John Leguizamo Mena Suvari Patrick Fugit Peter Stormare Alexis Arquette Deborah Harry Eric Roberts Chloe Hunter Nicholas Gonzalez Brittany Murphy and Mickey Rourke.
 Futtocks End is a British comedy film released in 1970 directed by Bob Kellett. Entirely silent with a musical score sound effects and incoherent mutterings the story revolves around a weekend gathering at the decaying country home of the eccentric and lewd General Futtock (Ronnie Barker) and the series of saucy mishaps between the staff (Michael Hordern plays the lecherous butler) and his guests. It was filmed at Grim's Dyke the former home of W. S.
 Project Metalbeast also known as Project Metalbeast: DNA Overload in the US and Metalbeast in the UK is a 1995 Science fiction horror film directed by Alessandro De Gaetano and filmed in the USA. In this movie a group of scientists attempt to create a perfect soldier by injecting the subject with the blood of a werewolf. When the experiment goes wrong the subject is cryogenically frozen for 20 years.
 The Final Test is a 1953 British sports film written by Terence Rattigan directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Jack Warner Robert Morley George Relph and Ray Jackson. A number of leading cricketers also appear including Denis Compton Len Hutton and Cyril Washbrook. The film was produced by R J Minney for Act Films Ltd.
 Turn It Up is a 2000 action hood film. It was directed by Robert Adetuyi and stars Ja Rule Pras Faith Evans and Jason Statham. The film grossed $1247949 during its brief theatrical run.
 The Movie Hero is a 2003 American romantic comedy film starring Jeremy Sisto Dina Meyer and Peter Stormare. It was written and directed by Brad T. Gottfred.
 Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali (Tamil: தாய் மகளுக்குக் கட்டிய தாலி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and Jamuna in the lead roles and directed by R. R. Chandran who also was a well known cinematographer in his time. The film was released in the year 1959.
 Freud: The Secret Passion also known as Freud is a 1962 American biographical film drama based on the life of the Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud directed by John Huston and starring Montgomery Clift as Freud. The original script was written by Jean-Paul Sartre but Sartre withdrew his involvement in the film after disagreements with Huston and his name was removed from the credits. The film was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Timber Toppers is a 1938 American short film by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1939 for Best Live Action Short Film One-Reel.
 Shaktiman is 1993 Hindi Movie directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Ajay Devgn Karishma Kapoor Mukesh Khanna Kulbhushan Kharbanda. Other cast members include Gulshan Grover Ajit Khan Parikshat Sahni Tiku Talsania Anjana Mumtaz Beena and Mahavir Shah.
 Spanish Flu: The Forgotten Fallen is a 2009 television drama. It deals with Dr James Niven's attempts to deal with the 1918 flu pandemic in Manchester. Its screenplay was written by Peter Harness and it starred Bill Paterson as Niven along with Mark Gatiss Kenneth Cranham and Charlotte Riley. It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 5 August 2009.
 Jamai Raja (meaning Son-in-law) is a comedy-drama Hindi film of 1990. The film features Hema Malini Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit.The film is directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and is a remake of 1989's Telugu film Attaku Yamudu Ammayiki Mogudu starring Vanisri Chiranjeevi and Vijaya Shanti.
 Go West is a 2005 Bosnia-Herzegovina drama directed by Ahmed Imamović. It tells the story of two gay lovers one being a Bosniak and the other a Serb during the Bosnian War. It was developed jointly by two studios one being in Bosnia and the other in Croatia.
 Project Censored the Movie: Ending The Reign of Junkfood News is a 2013 documentary film about the news media in the United States written and directed by Christopher Oscar and Doug Hecker. The film is based on the work by Project Censored a media organization at Sonoma State University that publishes under-reported news stories. It was released in April 2013 at the Sonoma International Film Festival.
 I Found Stella Parish is a 1935 melodrama starring Kay Francis as a beloved actress whose dark secret is revealed to the world.
 Incubus HQ Live was a participatory media exhibit and real-time documentary by American rock band Incubus in collaboration with Sony Music Entertainment and producer/director Marc Scarpa.
 Ping Pong Playa is a 2007 comedy film directed by Jessica Yu and written by Jessica Yu and Jimmy Tsai. The story centers on a Chinese ping pong family living in California with a buffoonish and irreverent son.
 The Woman Eater is a 1958 British horror film.
 Abhilasha (Telugu: అభిలాష English: Desire) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and was produced by K.S. Rama Rao. It is the film adaptation of Yandamuri Veerendranath's novel of the same name. Chiranjeevi Radhika Rao Gopal Rao and Gollapudi Maruthi Rao played vital roles. Music was scored by Ilayaraja.
 Los Días calientes is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Le Dernier cri is a 2006 film from Morocco.
 Pig Hunt is a 2008 film directed by James Isaac it was written by Robert Mailer Anderson and Zack Anderson. The film includes several original songs by Les Claypool who also plays a minor role as the preacher.This was the last film directed by James Isaac before his death in 2012.
 Monisha En Monalisa is a Tamil film released in 1999 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. His son Silambarasan starred in a cameo role in the film whilst debutants Ramanakanth and Mumtaj played the lead roles. The film received primarily poor reviews upon release with one reviewer labelling it the low point of Tamil cinema.
 Stolen Life is a 1939 British drama film directed by Paul Czinner and starring Michael Redgrave Elizabeth Bergner and Wilfrid Lawson. It was adapted from a novel by Karel J. Benes and was remade in 1946 as A Stolen Life. The film score was composed by William Walton.
 Zdroj (Source) is a 2005 Czech documentary directed by Martin Mareček and written by Martin Mareček and Martin Skalský. The film explores the civil rights abuses by the Ilham Aliyev regime of Azerbaijan during the construction of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline such as eminent domain violations in appropriating land for the pipeline's route and criticism of the government leading to arrest.
 Kandam Becha Kottu (Malayalam: കണ്ടം ബെച്ച കോട്ട് English: The Patched-up Coat) is an Indian film in Malayalam language by T. R. Sundaram starring Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Aranmula Ponnamma. It is the first colour film in Malayalam. Based on a popular novel which was also staged as a play under the same title the screen version in Geva color was a big box office success. Its dialogues are written by renowned writer K. T. Muhammed and is based on Kozhikkodan slang of Malayalam.
 She Couldn't Say No (1930) is an All-Talking musical drama that stars Winnie Lightner fresh from her success in Gold Diggers of Broadway (1929). It was adapted from a play by Benjamin M. Kaye. An aspiring singer ends up in a love triangle with a gangster and a socialite.
 Maids (Portuguese: Domésticas) is a 2001 Brazilian film directed by Fernando Meirelles and co-written with Cecília Homem de Mello Renata Melo and Nando Olival. It has won 7 awards and 8 nominations.
 Death Proof is a 2007 American action thriller slasher film written directed and cinematographied by Quentin Tarantino. The film centers on a psychopathic stunt man Stuntman Mike played by Kurt Russell who stalks young women before murdering them in staged car accidents using his death-proof stunt car.
 Across 110th Street is a 1972 American crime drama film starring Anthony Quinn Yaphet Kotto and Anthony Franciosa and directed by Barry Shear. Commonly associated with the blaxploitation genre at the time it has received considerable critical praise from writer Greil Marcus and others for surpassing the limitations of that genre.
 The Disenchanted Forest is a 1999 documentary film that follows endangered orphan orangutans on the island of Borneo as they are rehabilitated and returned to their rainforest home. It centres on the three main Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOS) projects - Wanariset Nyaru Menteng and Mawas. It is narrated by Brooke Shields.
 The Adventures of Prince Achmed (German: Die Abenteuer des Prinzen Achmed) is a 1926 German animated fairytale film by Lotte Reiniger. It is the oldest surviving animated feature film; two earlier ones were made in Argentina by Quirino Cristiani but they are considered lost. The Adventures of Prince Achmed features a silhouette animation technique Reiniger had invented which involved manipulated cutouts made from cardboard and thin sheets of lead under a camera.
 «The Circuit» - is a 2002 arena-fighting film starring Olivier Gruner[citation needed]
 Haiwan is a 1977 Bollywood musical film thriller directed by Ram Rano.
 The Seven Little Foys is a 1955 film starring Bob Hope as Eddie Foy. James Cagney reprises his role as George M. Cohan for an energetic tabletop dance showdown sequence. In addition to the famous film the story of Eddie Foy Sr. and the Seven Little Foys also inspired a TV version in 1964 and a stage musical version which premiered in 2007.
 Pascali's Island is a 1988 British drama film based on the novel by Barry Unsworth. It was written and directed by James Dearden. It stars Ben Kingsley Charles Dance and Helen Mirren. It was entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.The film was largely shot on the Greek island of Symi in the late summer of 1987.
 The Prizefighter and the Lady is a 1933 black-and-white Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer romance film starring Myrna Loy and famous professional boxers Max Baer Primo Carnera and Jack Dempsey.
 The Queens of Comedy is both a sequel and spin-off film of The Original Kings of Comedy both created and produced by Walter Latham. The film which is rated R for sexually-oriented content follows four black female stand-up comedians at Memphis's Orpheum Theatre.Laura Hayes opens the show and serves as MC. She tells family stories about grandkids her mom and her sisters.
 Baazi (Hindi: बाज़ी Urdu: بازی) is a 1968 Bollywood film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee. The film stars Dharmendra Waheeda Rehman Mehmood Johnny Walker Helen Keshto Mukherjee and Chand Usmani.
 Una farfalla con le ali insanguinate is a 1971 giallo film directed by Duccio Tessari. It was also distributed internationally as The Bloodstained Butterfly and as Das Geheimnis der Schwarzen Rose (Secret of the Black Rose) in West Germany.
 Mongoland is a Norwegian film from 2001 by Arild Østin Ommundsen.Having lived in England for six months Pia returns home for Christmas. She is looking for Kristoffer her boyfriend who was supposed to go with her abroad. It turns out rather difficult to locate him as she contacts their mutual friends.Her search for Kristoffer results in meeting several disillusioned people.
 Victimes de nos richesses (Victims of our wealth) is a 2006 documentary film exploring the 2005 violence at the Ceuta and Melilla border fences.
 For the 1952 British film see Little Big Shot (1952 film).Little Big Shot is a 1935 American film directed by Michael Curtiz from Warner Brothers Pictures.
 Mr. Topaze (aka I Like Money) was Peter Sellers' directorial debut in 1961. Starring Sellers Nadia Gray and Leo McKern as well as Herbert Lom who quarrelled with Seller's Inspector Clouseau in the Pink Panther movies.The film is considered one of Seller's lost films and its distribution and screening today is virtually non-existent. His son Michael Sellers plays in the film in the role of Gaston.
 Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda (Translation: Seventh Horse of the Sun) is a 1992 Indian Hindi film directed by Shyam Benegal and based on a novel of the same name by Dharmavir Bharati. It won the 1993 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi. The movie has also been known for its a subversive take on the 'Devdas' syndrome.This movie stars Rajit Kapur Rajeshwari Sachdev Pallavi Joshi Neena Gupta and Amrish Puri.
 Assalto ao Banco Central (English: Central Bank Heist) is a 2011 Brazilian film directed and produced by Marcos Paulo Simões starring Milhem Cortaz Hermilia Guedes Eriberto leão and Lima Duarte. It is based on the 2005 Banco Central burglary at Fortaleza.According to Fox Filmes Brasil which distributed the film in Brazil Assalto ao Banco Central had a successful premiere with more than 325000 spectators during its first weekend.Receptions to the film have so far been negative.
 The Apu Trilogy comprises three Bengali films directed by Satyajit Ray: Pather Panchali (1955) Aparajito (1956) and Apur Sansar (1959). They are based on two Bengali novels written by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay: Pather Panchali (1929) and Aparajito (1932). The original music for the films was composed by Ravi Shankar.Produced on a shoestring budget of Rs.
 Race to Nowhere is a 2009 documentary film written by Maimone Attia and directed by Vicki Abeles and Jessica Congdon.
 Nazarín (Spanish pronunciation: [nasaˈɾin] [naθaˈɾin]) is a 1959 Mexican film directed by Luis Buñuel and co-written between Buñuel and Julio Alejandro adapted from the eponymous novel of Benito Pérez Galdós. It won the international prize at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival and was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 32nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 For the Flag is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston. The film features Charlotte Burton George Periolat J. Warren Kerrigan Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
 Il Rosa Nudo (Naked Rose) is a 2013 Italian film written and directed by Giovanni Coda. The film was shot in Quartu Sant'Elena and Siliqua in Sardinia Italy. The Italian premiere took place during the 2013 edition of the Torino GLBT Film Festival - Da Sodoma a Hollywood. It has been selected as a special event for its high artistic historical and moral value inside the 7th edition of the Queer Lion Award of the 70th Venice Film Festival 2013.
 Be My Wife is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Un amour de parapluie English: A Love under an umbrella is a French short cinema film from 1950 directed by Jean Laviron written by Paul Armont and starring by Jacques-Henry Duval. It also features an uncredited performance by Louis de Funès.
 Blood Colony is a 2008 Short film written directed and produced by Jacob Holcomb. The film was shot at the University of Hawaii at Manoa Academy for Creative Media and has screened at the 2008 Hawaii International Film Festival.
 Neighbors is a 1920 short comedy film co-written co-directed by and starring comedian Buster Keaton.
 Hardbodies is a 1984 sex comedy film about three middle-aged men who hire a younger man to help them pick up women at the beach. The film was directed by Mark Griffiths and stars Grant Cramer Courtney Gains and Gary Wood. It was followed by a 1986 sequel entitled Hardbodies 2.
 High Plains Drifter is a 1973 American Western film directed by and starring Clint Eastwood and produced by Robert Daley for The Malpaso Company and Universal Studios. Eastwood plays a mysterious gunfighter hired by the residents of a corrupt frontier mining town to defend them against a group of criminals. The film was influenced by the work of Eastwood's two major collaborators film directors Sergio Leone and Don Siegel.The film was shot on location on the shores of Mono Lake California.
 Hero of the Year (Polish: Bohater roku) is a 1987 Polish drama film directed by Feliks Falk. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Prize and a Special Prize.
 L'Inde fantôme: Reflexions sur un voyage is a 1969 French seven part television documentary miniseries about India directed by Louis Malle. It was shown on BBC television as Phantom India.Malle later said that the film was his most personal work and the one he was most proud of it is widely regarded as the crowning achievement of his career.
 The Pay-Off is a 1930 American film directed by and starring Lowell Sherman. The film is based on the play 'Crime' by Samuel Shipman and John B. Hymer. It had a good run of 186 performances at the Eltinge Theatre in New York from February to August 1927. The film was remade as Law Of The Underworld in 1939In 1958 the film entered the public domain in the USA due to the copyright claimants failure to renew the copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 Please Don't Eat My Mother is a 1973 exploitation film directed by Carl J. Monson.It is an adult-themed remake of Roger Corman's The Little Shop of Horrors.
 Yackety Yack is a 1974 Australian film about the making of a film. David Stratton called it the Hellzapoppin' of poor cinema a frequently hilarious spoof on the low budget film... a sheer delight.
 Raakshasudu (English: Devil) is a 1986 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Nagendra Babu Rajendra Prasad Suhasini Mani Ratnam Radha and Rao Gopal Rao in important roles. The film's score and soundtrack is composed by maestro Ilaiyaraaja.
 The Gilded Lily is a 1935 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Claudette Colbert Fred MacMurray Ray Milland and C. Aubrey Smith. The film reached #5 in Best English Language Films National Board of Review Awards 1935.
 Ummadi Kutumbam (Telugu: ఉమ్మడి కుటుంబం) was a 1967 Telugu Drama film directed by D. Yoganand and produced by National art theater starring N. T. Rama Rao the film was selected by Film Federation of India as one of its entries to the 1968 Moscow Film Festival.
 The Black Waters of Echo's Pond is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Italo-American filmmaker Gabriel Bologna and stars Robert Patrick Danielle Harris and James Duval.
 Tarzan and the Lost City is a 1998 American action-adventure film directed by Carl Schenkel and starring Casper Van Dien Jane March and Steven Waddington. The screenplay by Bayard Johnson and J. Anderson Black is loosely based on the Tarzan stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs.One of the film's producers Stanley S. Canter had produced another Tarzan film for Warner Bros. Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan Lord of The Apes back in 1984.
 Money No Enough 2 (Chinese: 钱不够用二) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by Neo Studios Mediacorp Raintree Pictures and Scorpio EastPictures.Ten years since the first Money No Enough local celebrity director Jack Neo’s Money No Enough 2 returns to bring attention to the common man’s life in Singapore where the pursuit of money is a never ending passion.
 Song at Midnight (simplified Chinese: 夜半歌声; traditional Chinese: 夜半歌聲; pinyin: Yè bàn gē shēng) (also known as Singing at Midnight or literally Voice of Midnight) is a 1937 film directed by Ma-Xu Weibang.
 Él (Spanish: Him; re-issued in the US as This Strange Passion) (1953) by Luis Buñuel is a Mexican film based upon the novel by Mercedes Pinto. It deals with many themes common to Buñuel’s cinema including a May–December romance between a woman and her obsessively overprotective bourgeois husband and touches of surrealism. The film was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Silence of the Hams (Italian: Il Silenzio dei Prosciutti) is a 1994 parody film directed and written by Italian comedian Ezio Greggio.
 That Certain Feeling is a 1956 American comedy film directed by Melvin Frank and starring Bob Hope Eva Marie Saint and George Sanders.
 Sharpe's Battle is a 1995 British television drama part of a series screened on the ITV network that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. It is somewhat based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell though the film is set in 1813 on the Spanish-French border rather than in 1811 on the border with Portugal.
 Premium Rush is a 2012 American action-thriller film directed by David Koepp and written by Koepp and John Kamps. The film stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt Michael Shannon Dania Ramirez and Jamie Chung. It follows a bicycle messenger chased around New York City by a corrupt police officer who wants an envelope the messenger has. It was released on August 24 2012 by Columbia Pictures.
 Bad Reputation is a 2005 horror film written and directed by Jim Hemphill.
 The Scream Team is a Disney Channel Original Movie. The movie was aired October 4 2002 in the U.S.It was the last movie to use the Disney 1990's logo before switching to a newer one.
 Corvette K -225 is a 1943 film starring Randolph Scott and Ella Raines. It was released in the UK as The Nelson Touch. Tony Gaudio was nominated for the 1943 Academy Award for Best Cinematography (B&W) for his work on the film.It featured a fictional ship in the Royal Canadian Navy HMCS Donnacona which was played by HMCS Kitchener (K225).
 Moron 5 and the Crying Lady is a 2012 Filipino comedy film directed by Wenn Deramas starring Luis Manzano Billy Crawford Marvin Agustin DJ Durano Mart Escudero and John Lapus. It was released last April 7 2012 and distributed by Viva Films. It tells the story of five friends who are depicted to be stupid. They cross the path of a gay man who has a grudge against them so much that the gay man played by John Lapus will do anything to bring them down.
 Turned Out Nice Again is a British comedy film starring Lancashire-born George Formby. The film was released in 1941 and filmed at Ealing Studios London.
 Undead is a 2003 Australian zombie horror comedy film written and directed by Michael and Peter Spierig and starring Felicity Mason Mungo McKay and Rob Jenkins. It was then-relatively-unknown Good Game presenter Steven O'Donnell's first film role.
 Mandyada Gandu (Kannada: ಮಂಡ್ಯದ ಗಂಡು) is a 1994 Indian Kannada romantic drama film produced directed and written by A. T. Raghu. The film features Ambareesh Srishanti and Meghana in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and lead actors performances upon release. Ambareesh got the film's title name as a colloquial name tagged with him after the film released.
 Auguri e figli maschi! is a 1951 Italian film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
 Pitfall is a British short film directed by Duncan Roe and written by Francesca Fowler who won Best Screenwriter at the 2012 Underwire Film Festival for the film.
 Rosolino Paternò soldato... (also known as Operation Snafu and Situation Normal: A.F.U) is a 1970 Italian comedy film. The film stars Martin Landau Jason Robards and Peter Falk. In the title role is Nino Manfredi.
 Il carabiniere a cavallo is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Lizzani.
 Home on the Prairie is a 1939 American Western film directed by Jack Townley and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Charles Arthur Powell and Paul Franklin the film is about a cattle inspector's efforts to prevent a corrupt cattle rancher from shipping to market a herd of cattle infected with hoof and mouth disease.
 Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is a 2008 horror film that was broadcast on the Syfy Channel on June 9 2008. Starring Carly Pope Peter DeLuise Ona Grauer and Crystal Lowe the film centers around a group of people who after crashing their plane into the Himalayan Mountains encounter the Yeti in a fight for survival. It is the 13th film in the Maneater Series.
 Heartbreak Library (Hangul: 그 남자의 책 198쪽; RR: Geu Namjaui Chaek 198-jjeuk; lit. Page 198 of That Man's Book) is a 2008 South Korean romantic drama film starring Lee Dong-wook and Eugene. It tells the story of a librarian who is first furious at a man who rips out page 198 of library books then becomes intrigued and finally decides to help him after learning that he's heartbroken after his girlfriend broke up with him then left a note to look up page 198 without mentioning which book.
 A La Habana me voy (English language: Off to Havana I Go) is a 1951 musical Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and written by Carlos A. Petit and Rodolfo Sciammarella. It stars Blanquita Amaro and Otto Sirgo.
 Murphy 771 is an experimental Irish short film directed by Joe McStravick based on a screenplay written by Katie McStravick and Joe McStravick.
 En helt vanlig dag på jobben (English: A completely average day at work) is a 2010 Norwegian comedy-drama directed by Terje Rangnes starring Jan Gunnar Røise Jon Øigarden and Ingar Helge Gimle. The film satirises the working method of celebrity gossip magazine Se og Hør.
 Singing Behind Screens (Italian: Cantando dietro i paraventi) is a 2003 Italian adventure-drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi loosely inspired to real life events of Chinese pirate Ching Shih. The film won three David di Donatello and four Nastro d'Argento Awards.
 The Thief and the Cobbler is a 1993 British animated fantasy film directed co-written and co-produced by Canadian animator Richard Williams. The film is famous for its animation and its long troubled history. Williams worked 28 years on the project. Beginning production in 1964 Williams intended The Thief and the Cobbler to be his masterpiece and a milestone in the art of animation.
 Katyń (Polish pronunciation: [ˈkatɨɲ]) is a 2007 Polish film about the 1940 Katyn massacre directed by Academy Honorary Award winner Andrzej Wajda. It is based on the book Post Mortem: The Story of Katyn by Andrzej Mularczyk. It was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film for the 80th Academy Awards.
 The Forbidden Quest is a 1993 mockumentary written and directed by Peter Delpeut. The film won the 1994 International Fantasy Film Special Jury Award at the Fantasporto (aka Festival Internacional de Cinema do Porto) in Portugal. The film won the 1993 Special Jury Prize at the Nederlands Film Festival (aka Nederlandse Filmdagen) It was released in Netherlands theaters on April 8 1993.
 Mafioso is a 1962 Italian black-comedy film directed by Alberto Lattuada. The film stars Alberto Sordi as a factory manager who visits his hometown in Sicily and is tasked with performing a hit for the mafia. It was awarded Best Film at the San Sebastian Film Festival.
 Prom Wars is a comedy featuring Raviv Ullman Alia Shawkat Rachelle Lefèvre and Nicolas Wright.
 Unseen Wonder (Serbian: Чудо невиђено translit. Čudo neviđeno) is a 1984 Yugoslav comedy film directed by Živko Nikolić. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Little Jungle Boy is a 1970 Australian television film
 Stoker is a 2013 British-American psychological thriller film written by Wentworth Miller and directed by South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook in his English-language debut. It stars Mia Wasikowska Matthew Goode and Nicole Kidman and was released on March 1 2013. It was the last film produced by Tony Scott who died after production.
 Black Christmas (abbreviated as Black X-Mas) is a 2006 Canadian-American slasher film written for the screen and directed by Glen Morgan and starring Katie Cassidy Michelle Trachtenberg Mary Elizabeth Winstead Oliver Hudson Lacey Chabert Kristen Cloke and Andrea Martin. The film takes place several days before Christmas and tells the story of a group of sorority sisters who are stalked and murdered by one of their house's former inhabitants during a winter storm.
 Blue Tiger: Is a 1994 action/thriller directed by Norberto Barba.
 Valediction is an upcoming drama film written and directed by Dustin Kahia starring Samuel Page Eyal Podell Italia Ricci James Avery and Bonnie Bartlett.Briefly stated the film deals with life and loss. Whether it be loss of a person ideal or state in life. Things in life are constantly changing nothing ever stays the same. We as humans are constantly bidding farewell whether we realize it or not.” -Dustin Kahia[citation needed]
 Rhythm (Tamil: ரிதம்) is a 2000 Tamil film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by V. Natarajan. The film stars Arjun and Meena in lead roles with Lakshmi Nagesh and Manivannan in supporting ones. Jyothika and Ramesh Aravind also appear in main roles in the film. The music is composed by A. R. Rahman while cinematography was predominantly handled by P. S. Vinod and Sreekar Prasad edited the film.
 Houston We've Got a Problem is a 1974 television film about the Apollo 13 spaceflight directed by Lawrence Doheny and starring Ed Nelson in the role of NASA Flight Director Gene Kranz.
 L'Initiation (English: Here and Now) is a 1970 French-Canadian film.
 Men in White (1934) is a Pre-Code film starring Clark Gable and Myrna Loy and directed by Ryszard Bolesławski. Because of the suggested illicit romance and the suggested abortion in the movie it was frequently cut. The Legion of Decency cited the movie as unfit for public exhibition.
 The Eyes of Annie Jones is a 1964 British drama film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Richard Conte Francesca Annis and Joyce Carey. In the film a sleepwalking young woman is involved with a murder.
 Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too is a 1974 animated feature from Disney released as a double feature with The Island at the Top of the World. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film but lost to Closed Mondays. It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
 The Wicked is a 2013 American Horror film directed by Peter Winther. It was short in Detroit Michigan USA.
 The Miracle (Russian: Чудo translit. Chudo) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Aleksandr Proshkin. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Sweet House of Horrors (in original Italian La dolce casa degli orrori) is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci.
 A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1909 American film directed by Charles Kent and starring Walter Ackerman and Charles Chapman. This is the first film version of the classic play by William Shakespeare.
 Sins is a controversial 2005 Bollywood film directed and produced by Vinod Pande. The film involves a Catholic priest who is romantically involved with a young woman. The film was protested against by those that felt it was a negative portrayal of Catholicism and indecent. It received an A (adults only rating) due to themes and revealing scenes.The film was based on news story Pande read in 1988 about a Kerala priest sentenced to death on sexual harassment and murder charges.
 Unforgivable is a 1996 American television drama film directed by Graeme Campbell. It stars John Ritter Harley Jane Kozak Gina Philips Susan Gibney and NYPD Blue co-star James McDaniel. The film premiered on April 30 1996 on CBS.Though the film received little to no critical acclaim John Ritter was praised for his performance as an abusive husband and graduating from his best known role as the lovable Jack Tripper on Three's Company.
 Dora Nelson is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Assia Noris Carlo Ninchi and Luigi Cimara. It is a remake of the 1935 French film of the same title which was based on a play by Louis Verneuil. The film was shot at Cinecittà in Rome with several real employees of the studio appearing as themselves.
 Sista dansen (en. The Last Dance) is a Danish-Norwegian-Swedish 1993 film directed by Colin Nutley.
 Closet Cases of the Nerd Kind (1980) is an award-winning short film spoof of the classic science fiction film Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
 Purple Sea (Italian: Viola di mare also known as The Sea Purple) is a 2009 Italian romance drama film directed by Donatella Maiorca. It is based on the non-fiction novel Minchia di re written by Giacomo Pilati. The film premiered at the 2009 Rome Film Festival. It was nominated for two Nastro d'Argento Awards for Best Actress (Valeria Solarino) and Best Original Song (Sogno by Gianna Nannini).
 The Boxtrolls is an upcoming 2014 American 3D stop motion comedy-adventure film based on the novel Here Be Monsters! by Alan Snow. Produced by Laika it is being directed by Graham Annable and Anthony Stacchi. The film stars Isaac Hempstead-Wright Ben Kingsley Elle Fanning Toni Collette Jared Harris Simon Pegg Nick Frost Richard Ayoade and Tracy Morgan. The film is currently scheduled to be released on September 26 2014.
 Firefox is a 1982 U.S. action film produced directed by and starring Clint Eastwood. It is based upon the 1977 novel of the same name by Craig Thomas.Though the film was set in Russia authentic filming locations were not possible due to the Cold War forcing Eastwood's and Fritz Manes's Malpaso Company to rely on Vienna and other locations in Austria to double for many of the Eurasian story locations. The film was shot on a $21 million budget the largest production budget ever for Malpaso.
 See also Silsila (film) for a 1981 film with basically the same titleSilsiilay (Hindi: सिलसिले) is a Hindi romance film written and directed by Khalid Mohammed. The film stars Tabu Bhoomika Chawla Riya Sen Celina Jaitley Natassha Divya Dutta Rahul Bose Jimmy Shergill Ashmit Patel and Kay Kay Menon while an extended appearance is played by Shahrukh Khan. It was released on 17 June 2005.
 High Hell is a 1958 American film set in the Canadian Rockies.
 Sword of Blood and Valour is a 1958 / 1959 two-part Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel Sword Stained with Royal Blood.
 Animalicious is a documentary film released in 1999. It told the stories of five incidents in which animals had a profound impact on a person's life. It was produced and directed by Mark Lewis.
 The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat is a 1974 animated film directed by Robert Taylor. It is an adult animation featuring a series of drug-induced vignettes both related and unrelated to life in the 1970s. Starring Skip Hinnant as the voice of the titular feline protagonist the film is a sequel to Fritz the Cat the first animated film to receive an X rating in the United States. Unlike its predecessor Nine Lives received an R rating. It was not as well received by critics and audiences.
 Ek Hi Raasta (English: Only One Way) is a 1993 Bollywood action film about a terrorist with aspirations to rule India. Directed by Deepak Bahry the film is a remake of the Ek Hi Raasta (1977) which starred Rekha. Films under the title were also released first in 1939 and then in 1956. The film stars Ajay Devgan Raveena Tandon Raza Murad and Saeed Jaffrey.
 Bangla Naache Bhangra is an upcoming 2013 Indian Bengali film directed by Nandini and produced by Nitesh Sharma under the banner of Bangala Talkies. The film is slated to release on August 23 2013. It was a sleeper hit and has been well accepted by both audience as well as critics. The film was accredited for a Hit song  Bhangra  performed by Sayan Pallavi Karandeep Singh sung by Soham.
 Second-Hand Hearts is a film directed by Hal Ashby from a screenplay by Charles Eastman. A shorter version of this screenplay under its original intended title The Hamster of Happiness was written by Eastman for the unconventional NBC anthology series NBC Experiment in Television which was broadcast in 1968 with Mildred Dunnock and Susan Tyrell in the cast.
 Nel Segno di Roma (AKA: Sheba and the Gladiator) is a 1959 historical drama film loosely pertaining to the Palmyrene Empire and its re-annexation back into the Roman Empire.Notable only for its superlative performance by Swedish actress and model Anita Ekberg and her numerous costume changes throughout its duration.This film was directed by Guido Brignone.American International Pictures acquired the American rights to the film and retitled it Sign of the Gladiator despite their being no gladiators in the film. 
 King of the Damned is a 1935 British prison film directed by Walter Forde and starring Conrad Veidt Helen Vinson Noah Beery and Cecil Ramage. Convict 83 is a prisoner on an island where the harsh regime of the Governor pushes him to lead a revolt. To avoid the usual French protests on films depicting Devil's Island the producers gave all locations Spanish names and set the film in the Caribbean.
 Naunihal was a 1967 Hindi drama film directed by Raj Marbros and starring Sanjeev Kumar Balraj Sahni and Indrani Mukherjee in lead roles. Film's music was composed by Madan Mohan with lyrics by Kaifi Azmi included the song Meri Aawaz Suno Pyar ka Raaz Suno (Hear my voice hear the secret of love) sung by Mohammad Rafi. The song is picturized over the funeral procession of Prime Minister of India Jawahar Lal Nehru.
 Peacock Alley is a 1930 American musical romantic drama film directed by Marcel de Sano and starring Mae Murray and George Barraud. The film is a remake of the 1921 silent film of the same name in which Murray also stars. Aside from Murray being cast in the lead the remake was largely different from the 1921 silent film. While Murray's character in the 1921 film was named Cleo she was renamed Claire Tree in this film.
 Insignificant Things (Spanish: Cosas insignificantes) is a 2008 Mexican drama film directed by Andrea Martínez.
 The Dragon Lives Again (Chinese: 李三腳威震地獄門 originally released as Li san jiao wei zhen di yu men and also known as Deadly Hands of Kung Fu is a martial arts fantasy comedy in which the soul of Bruce Lee (played by Bruce Leung Siu-lung) goes to the Underworld. The deceased Lee meets a number of pop-culture icons including Dracula James Bond Zatoichi Clint Eastwood The Godfather Laurel and Hardy The Exorcist and even 1970s soft-porn character Emmanuelle.
 Come Back to Sorrento is an upcoming American drama film directed by Michael Worth and starring Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy. It was written by David Mamet Rebecca Pidgeon and Dawn Powell.
 Samrajyam II: Son of Alexander is an upcoming Indian Malayalam gangster film directed by Perarasu. The film is produced by Ajmal Hassan. It is sequel to 1990 Mammootty starrer blockbuster Samrajyam and Unni Mukundan will play the lead role of Jordan the son of Alexander who was the protagonist in the prequel. The hero launch function was held in Dubai on 5 October 2012. Ashi will play the female lead making her debut inMalayalam.The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by R.
 World and Time Enough is a 1994 independent gay-themed romantic comedy-drama. Written and directed by Eric Mueller and filmed on location in Edina and Minneapolis Minnesota the film stars Gregory Giles Matt Guidry and Kraig Swartz.
 Klondike is a 1932 American film directed by Phil Rosen.The film is also known as The Doctor's Sacrifice in the United Kingdom.Silent great Priscilla Dean's final film.
 Sarkarnama (Marathi: सरकारनामा) is a Marathi film films logo is like that sarkarnama- belagam rajkarnacha panchnama directed by Shrabani Deodhar released in India in 1998. This movie is famous for the powerful performances from Dilip Prabhavalkar and Yashwant Dutt as political rivals.
 Case Closed: Magician of the Silver Sky known as Detective Conan: Magician of the Silver Sky (名探偵コナン 銀翼の奇術師 Meitantei Konan: Gin’yoku no Majishan ) in Japan is the 8th Case Closed feature film. The movie was released in Japan on April 17 2004. A Region 2 DVD has been released by Universal Pictures. The movie brought a box office income of 2.8 billion yen.
 Please Believe Me is a 1950 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Deborah Kerr Robert Walker Mark Stevens and Peter Lawford.
 12 Rounds is a 2009 American action film directed by Renny Harlin and produced by WWE Studios. The cast is led by John Cena alongside Steve Harris Gonzalo Menendez Aidan Gillen Brian J. White Ashley Scott and Taylor Cole. The film was released on March 27 2009 in United States theaters.
 The Old Curiosity Shop is a 1914 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mai Deacon Warwick Buckland and Alma Taylor. It was based on the 1840 novel The Old Curiosity Shop by Charles Dickens and was the first of three film adaptations of the story by Bentley. It was made by the Hepworth Company the leading British film studio before the First World War.
 Loyalties is a 1933 British drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Basil Rathbone Heather Thatcher and Miles Mander. It is based on the John Galsworthy play Loyalties. The film addresses the theme of anti-Semitism.
 The Friends (French: Les Amis) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Gérard Blain. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 Millionærdrengen is a 1936 Danish family film directed by A. W. Sandberg starring Karen Caspersen.
 La Dama del millón is a 1956 Argentine film.
 The Moon and Sixpence is a 1942 film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's novel of the same name. Dimitri Tiomkin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.
 Sioux City is a 1994 mystery / crime film directed by and starring Lou Diamond Phillips Gary Farmer as Russell White Tantoo Cardinal as Dawn Rainfeather and future Touched by an Angel star John Dye as Colin Adams. It was shot in Santa Clarita California.
 Miss Suwanna of Siam or Nang Sao Suwan was a 1923 romance film written and directed by Henry MacRae set in Thailand (then Siam) and starring Thai actors. It was one of first feature films to be made in Thailand and was the first Hollywood co-production in Thailand.Unfortunately nothing of the film exists today except for some promotional materials and other ephemera held at the Thailand National Film Archive.
 Popcorn Khao! Mast Ho Jao (English: Eat Popcorn and Enjoy) is a 2004 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Kabir Sadanand and starring Akshay Kapoor and Rashmi Nigam in their film debut Tanisha Yash Tonk Deepak Tijori and Kabir Sadanand.Popcorn Khao! Mast Ho Jao! is about three friends. The eternal dreamer Rahul (Akshay Kapooor) the ever consistent Tania and the crazy Goldie. And then of course there is Sonia.
 The Faculty is a 1998 science fiction horror film written by Kevin Williamson (Scream 1 and 2) and directed by Robert Rodriguez (Desperado and From Dusk Till Dawn). The film stars Josh Hartnett Elijah Wood Shawn Hatosy Jordana Brewster Clea DuVall Laura Harris Robert Patrick Bebe Neuwirth Piper Laurie Famke Janssen Usher Raymond Salma Hayek and Jon Stewart.
 Wild Things (also known as Sex Crimes) is a 1998 American erotic thriller film starring Matt Dillon Neve Campbell Kevin Bacon Denise Richards and Theresa Russell. It was directed by John McNaughton.An uncut version adding seven minutes to its runtime was released on DVD in 2004 and includes a change to Kelly and Suzie's relationship.
 Annie Laurie is a 1916 British silent romance film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor Stewart Rome and Lionelle Howard. It is loosely based on the poem Annie Laurie.
 Spring Shower (Hungarian: Tavaszi zápor) is a 1932 French-Hungarian drama film directed by Pál Fejös and starring Annabella Ilona Dajbukát and Erzsi Bársony. A French-language version Marie légende hongroise and a Romanian-language version Prima dragoste were also released. It was made by the French-based producer Adolph Osso who had money reserves frozen by the Hungarian government and needed to spend the money in Hungary.
 Hellish Flesh (Portuguese: Inferno Carnal) is a 1977 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe).
 Journey to the Edge of the Universe is a documentary film broadcast on National Geographic and the Discovery Channel. It documents a space journey from Earth to the edge of the universe itself. The US edition was narrated by Alec Baldwin and the UK edition by Sean Pertwee.The documentary runs 91 minutes and was broadcast on December 7 2008.
 Escape from Broadmoor is a 1948 British short film starring John Le Mesurier in one of his earliest screen appearances. He plays Pendicot a man escaped from an asylum who police are hunting down. The title is a reference to Broadmoor high-security psychiatric hospital in Crowthorne Berkshire. It was the last film appearance of Victoria Hopper who had been a prominent leading lady in the 1930s.
 ---> Vrať se do hrobu! is a Czech comedy film directed by Milan Steindler. It was released in 1990.
 Farishta Ya Qatil is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by S.M. Abbas. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rekha.
 Knuckle is a 2012 film about the secretive world of Irish Traveller bare-knuckle boxing. The film was made in stages over 12 years.
 The Jungle Captive is a 1945 sequel to Jungle Woman (1944) which had been preceded by Captive Wild Woman (1943). The Jungle Captive features Otto Kruger Amelita Ward and Rondo Hatton (as a character named Moloch). Vicky Lane plays Paula Dupree a lead character from the two earlier films. The movie was written by Dwight V. Babcock and directed by Harold Young.
 Sufi Paranja katha (Malayalam: സൂഫി പറഞ്ഞ കഥ) is a Malayalam-language film directed by Priyanandanan based on K. P. Ramanunni's Malayalam novel with the same title. Ramanunni himself wrote the story screenplay and dialogs for the film. Thampi Antony Prakash Bare and Sharbani Mukherjee did the main roles in this film. The film has been distributed by Central Pictures.
 Dawn on the Great Divide is a 1942 American film directed by Howard Bretherton based on James Oliver Curwood's 1913 short story Wheels of Fate.
 Jagathalaprathapan was a 1944 Tamil-language film starring P. U. Chinnappa and M. S. Sarojini in the lead roles. Dubbed the '12 Minister's Tale' Jagathalaprathapan was a box-office success and sealed Chinnappa's position as one of the top stars in Tamil cinema.
 Brother Martin: Servant of Jesus (1942) is a race film directed and written by Spencer Williams. The film featured an all-black cast and was produced exclusively for exhibition in U.S. cinemas serving African American communities. It was among a number of religious-themed feature films created by Williams during the 1940s who also wrote and directed The Blood of Jesus (1941) and Go Down Death! (1944).
 Secret of St. Job Forest (Hungarian: A szentjóbi erdö titka) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Zombie! vs. Mardi Gras (1999) is an independently-produced comedy horror film directed by Karl DeMolay Will Frank and Mike Lyddon.
 Texas Rangers is a 2001 United States drama/western film directed by Steve Miner. It is about a group of Texas Rangers set in the post-American Civil War era.
 Difunta Correa is a 1975 Argentine film directed by Hugo Reynaldo Mattar. It premiered in Buenos Aires on September 18 1975.
 Longing for My Native Country (Chinese: 乡情; pinyin: Xiāng Qíng) is a 1981 Chinese drama film directed by Hu Bingliu and Wang Jin. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Estranged is a 2006 20 minute short film directed by D.J. Matrundola. The film is about a character named Chloe who is forced to reunite with her estranged brother Julian and drive down to their mother's hometown. Julian shows up with a precocious twelve-year-old girl named Suzy unwanted by her divorcing parents and hitching a ride to her aunt's house.
 Sky Bandits (1940) is an American film directed by Ralph Staub and released by Monogram Pictures. The film is a remake of the film Ghost Patrol (1936).
 Barnyard (also known as Barnyard: The Original Party Animals) is a 2006 American computer-animated family comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies directed by Steve Oedekerk (who was also the principal screenwriter) and produced by Steve Oedekerk and Paul Marshal. It was released on August 4 2006.The film stars the voices of Kevin James David Koechner Sam Elliott Courteney Cox Danny Glover and Jeff Garcia.
 The Ritual is a 2009 pseudo-documentary (cinéma vérité) horror film written and directed by award-winning filmmaker Anthony Spadaccini. The film is a sequel to Spadaccini's 2007 horror film Head Case and continues the story of Claymont Delaware serial killer Wayne Montgomery who films his crimes. The plot details the beginning of Wayne's vaunting task of grooming a successor until outside influences threaten to destroy their sadistic relationship.
 Paths of Memory (French: Los caminos de la memoria) is a 2009 documentary film directed by José Luis Peñafuerte. The film won the 2011 Magritte Award for Best Documentary Film.
 The Possessed (French: Les Possédés) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Isabelle Huppert. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Timeless Love (Chinese: 那个夏天; pinyin: nà gè xià tiān) is a Singaporean romance drama film about teenage love and loss. It is directed by Singaporean TV personality Dasmond Koh. It was released on 8 March 2012.
 Abul Kasame is a 1968 Khmer film adapted from one of the many tales of 1001 Arabian Nights. The film id directed by Yvon Hem and stars Kong Som Eun and Saom Vansodany.The film has recently been discovered to be in existence in 2008.Another film similar to this and is also directed by Yvon Hemis Ynav Bosseba.
 The Strange Madame X (French: L'Étrange Madame X) is a 1951 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon. The screenplay was written by Marcelle Maurette Pierre Laroche (dialogue) and Albert Valentin (adaptation). The film stars Michèle Morgan and Henri Vidal. It tells the story of a housemaid who married an aristocrat but she falls in love with a low-born laborer and gets pregnant.
 Jawan Ki Pukar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Flash Gordon is a 1980 British science fiction film based on the comic strip of the same name created by Alex Raymond. The film was directed by Mike Hodges and produced and presented by Dino De Laurentiis. It stars Sam J. Jones Melody Anderson Topol Max von Sydow Timothy Dalton Brian Blessed and Ornella Muti. The screenplay was written by Lorenzo Semple Jr..
 Darby O'Gill and the Little People is a 1959 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Albert Sharpe Janet Munro Sean Connery and Jimmy O'Dea in a tale about a wily Irishman and his battle of wits with leprechauns. The film was directed by Robert Stevenson and its screenplay written by Lawrence Edward Watkin after the books of Herminie Templeton Kavanagh. The film's title is a slight modification of one of the two Kavanagh books Darby O'Gill and the Good People.
 La tumultueuse vie d’un déflaté is a 2009 documentary film.
 Non me lo dire! is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario.
 Deeply is a 2000 film directed by Sheri Elwood starring Julia Brendler Lynn Redgrave and Kirsten Dunst.
 Be Dear to Me (Danish: Ingen tid til kærtegn) is a 1957 Danish film directed by Annelise Hovmand.
 Aahaa Enna Porutham is a 1997 Tamil comedy film directed by C. Ranganathan. The film features Ramki Goundamani and Sanghavi in lead roles. The film produced by K. Balu had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 19 September 1997 to mixed reviews. Roshini made her debut as a playback singer through this film.
 Saturday Sunday and Friday originally titled Sabato domenica e venerdì is a 1979 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo Pasquale Festa Campanile and Sergio Martino.
 Aashirwad is a 1968 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Sanjeev Kumar.The film is notable for its inclusion of a rap-like song performed by Ashok Kumar Rail Gaadi.
 Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story is a 2009 movie directed by Thomas Carter starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and Kimberly Elise. It is a movie based on the life story of world-renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson from 1961 to 1987. A Johnson and Johnson Spotlight Presentation the movie premiered on TNT on Saturday February 7 2009. Its title was reused from a 1992 direct-to-video documentary about Ben Carson released by Zondervan.
 Shadow Boxers is a 1999 documentary film about women's boxing by director Katya Bankowsky that focuses on the pioneering fighter Lucia Rijker and features an original soundtrack by Argentine singer and songwriter Zoel. Shadow Boxers had its international premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1999.
 Maya Darpan (English: The Illusory Mirror) is an Indian Hindi film directed by Kumar Shahani. It is a significant work of the Indian Parallel Cinema movement which started during the 1970s with filmmakers Mani Kaul and Shyam Benegal. The film was forgotten soon after its release but was rediscovered and is today considered a landmark work of Indian cinema. The film stars Aditi and Anil Pandya.
 Smugglers' Songs (French: Les Chants de Mandrin) is a 2011 French adventure film written and directed by Rabah Ameur-Zaïmeche. It won the 2011 Prix Jean Vigo award.
 Kusar Prasad Ka Bhoot (English:The Ghost of Kusar Prasad) is an upcoming Indian Bollywood film directed by Gary Grewal. The film has Paresh Rawal in pivotal role. The music is by Amit Trivedi.[citation needed]The film is going to be released under the banner of Berlin Films.
 Ankuram (Telugu: అంకురం; translation: The Seeding) is a 1993 Telugu feature film directed by C. Umamaheswara Rao with Revathi in the lead role under the banner of Film India Art Creations. The movie is about an inspiring journey of a middle-class woman to return an abandoned child to his father.
 Twisted Obsession (original Spanish title: El sueño del mono loco literally The Dream of the Mad Monkey) is a 1990 Spanish erotic thriller directed by Fernando Trueba starring Jeff Goldblum and Miranda Richardson. It was written by Trueba Manuel Matji (also known as Manolo Matji) and Menno Meyjes (uncredited) originally based on the novel The Dream of the Mad Monkey by Christopher Frank.Goldblum stars as a screenwriter who becomes involved with a young incestuous brother and sister.
 Qurbani Jatt Di (Punjabi: ਕੁਰਬਾਨੀ ਜੱਟ ਦੀ) is a 1990 Punjabi action film produded by Hemavati Sapru and directed by Priti Sapru.
 Diplomatic Courier is a 1952 film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars Tyrone Power and Patricia Neal.
 90 Days is a Canadian comedy film released in 1985. Directed by Giles Walker and written by Walker and David Wilson the film stars Sam Grana and Stefan Wodoslawsky as Alex and Blue two unlucky-in-love guys who are trying to find new girlfriends.
 A Mixup for Mazie is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 A Time to Love and a Time to Die is a 1958 American CinemaScope drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring John Gavin. It is based on the book by the German author Erich Maria Remarque set on the Eastern Front (World War II) and in Nazi Germany.
 Rubber is a 1936 Dutch film directed by Johan De Meester and Gerard Rutten. It tells the story of Dutch newlyweds trying to adjust to a difficult life on a Sumatran plantation. The majority of the film is believed to be lost; a 63-minute fragment remains in the archives of the Dutch Film Museum.
 Operación G is a 1962 Argentine film.
 Asoka is a 1955 Sri Lankan romantic musical based on the Bollywood film Sheesa.
 Shiner is a 2004 released film written and directed by Christian Calson.
 Time Stands Still (Hungarian: Megáll az idő) is a 1982 Hungarian film about two brothers and the woman they both love all living in Budapest during the uprising of 1956. It stars István Znamenák Henrik Pauer Sándor Sőth Anikó Iván and Lajos Őze and was directed by Péter Gothár.
 North Sea Hijack (released as Ffolkes outside the UK and as Assault Force on US TV) is a British action film from 1979 starring Roger Moore James Mason Anthony Perkins and Michael Parks. It was directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and adapted by Jack Davies from his novel Esther Ruth and Jennifer.This film was a vehicle for both Moore and Perkins to try to escape typecasting.
 So You Won't Talk is a 1935 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Monty Banks Vera Pearce and Bertha Belmore. The owner of a small Italian restaurant in central London is left a million pound inheritance the only stipulation to the will being that he cannot speak or write anything for a period of one month.
 Uncle Vanya is a 1957 American film adaptation of the play Uncle Vanya by Anton Chekhov. Filmed concurrently with an Off Broadway production it was both co-produced and co-directed by actor Franchot Tone who starred as Dr. Astroff. Tone's wife at the time Delores Dorn-Heft co-starred as Elena Andreevna appearing in the only role not featuring an actor from the stage version in New York where the part was played by Signe Hasso.
 His Picture in the Papers is a 1916 American silent comedy film written and directed by John Emerson. Anita Loos also wrote the film's scenario. The film stars Douglas Fairbanks and Loretta Blake and features Eric von Stroheim in a minor role.
 Le Tempestaire is a 1947 French short drama film written and directed by Jean Epstein. The title translates as The storm tamer. The story revolves around a woman who is worried for her fiancé who is out at sea during a storm. The film makes use of temporal techniques such as time-lapse and slow motion both in images and sound.
 100 Ways to Murder Your Wife is a 1986 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Kenny Bee and starring Bee Anita Mui Chow Yun-fat and Joey Wong.
 Les Misérables is a 1978 British television film based on the novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. The film was written by John Gay produced by Lew Grade and directed by Glenn Jordan (no relation to star Richard Jordan). The film originally aired on CBS on December 27 1978.
 Strange Bargain is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Will Price and starring Martha Scott Jeffrey Lynn and Harry Morgan.
 Bikini Planet is a 2002 American independent film directed by Derek Zemrak.It is a semi-erotic parody of the science fiction genre in the style of Flesh Gordon and Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold and bears no relation to the 2000 novel Bikini Planet by David S. Garnett.
 Mr. Idol (Hangul: Mr. 아이돌; RR: Mr. A-i-dol) is a 2011 South Korean film written and directed by Ra Hee-chan. Ra called it a movie that captures young people's dreams through music.Ji Hyun-woo Jay Park Jang Seo-won and Randy Kim play four young men who come from different walks of life to form an idol band united by their love of music.
 Il bandolero stanco (The Tired Outlaw) is a 1952 Italian comedy film.
 Masala (English: Mixture of Spices) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and jointly produced by Daggubati Suresh Babu and Sravanthi Ravi Kishore. It is a remake of the 2012 Hindi film Bol Bachchan and Venkatesh and Ram Pothineni reprised the roles of Ajay Devgan and Abhishek Bachchan respectively. The film released worldwide on November 14 2013.
 ABC miłości (ABC of Love) is a 1935 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Love Is Strength (愛は力だ Ai wa chikara da) is a 1930 Japanese drama film directed by Mikio Naruse and written by Takao Yanai.
 Rescue Dawn is a 2006 war drama film directed by Werner Herzog based on an adapted screenplay written from his 1997 documentary film Little Dieter Needs to Fly. The film stars Christian Bale and is based on the true story of German-American pilot Dieter Dengler who was shot down and captured by villagers sympathetic to the Pathet Lao during an American military campaign in the Vietnam War. Steve Zahn Jeremy Davies Pat Healy and Toby Huss also have principal roles.
 Tomcat: Dangerous Desires is a direct-to-video 1993 erotic thriller movie featuring Richard Grieco and Maryam D'Abo. The movie was shot in Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 The Last Hurrah is a 2009 American comedy drama film written and directed by Jonathan Stokes. After receiving recognition at film festivals in 2009 the film was released on DVD in February 2010 to mildly warm reviews.
 Scruffy is a 1938 British family film directed by Randall Faye and starring Jack Melford Billy Merson and Peter Gawthorne. A young boy runs away from his wealthy home because his mother does not like his dog and ends up living with a burglar.
 White Dwarf is a 1995 science fiction TV movie written by Bruce Wagner directed by Peter Markle and produced by Francis Ford Coppola Robert Halmi Sr. and Bruce Wagner for American Zoetrope.Originally intended as a television pilot the film first aired on the Fox Network on May 23 1995. While expected to be well received the film instead garnered generally negative reception.
 Business as Usual is a 1987 drama film written and directed by Lezli-An Barrett. It stars Glenda Jackson and John Thaw.
 Woman at the Wheel (German: Frau am Steuer) is a 1939 German romantic comedy film directed by Paul Martin and starring Lilian Harvey Willy Fritsch and Leo Slezak. It was the last German film featuring Harvey who had been the leading box office star in Germany during the 1930s although she made two further films after moving to France.
 To Live and Die in Tsimshatsui is a 1994 Hong Kong crime film directed by Andrew Lau and starring Jacky Cheung Tony Leung Jacklyn Wu and Power Chan.
 Sepia Cinderella is a 1947 American musical race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard. The film is notable for musical numbers by vocalists Billy Daniels and Sheila Guyse and for a brief guest appearance by former child star Freddie Bartholomew who is onscreen as himself for five minutes telling gags to recharge his post-war career.It also marks the big screen debut of Sidney Poitier as an uncredited night club extra.
 Imaginary Witness: Hollywood and the Holocaust is a 2004 documentary film directed by Daniel Anker and narrated by Gene Hackman that examines the treatment of the Holocaust in Hollywood films over a period of sixty years and the impact of the films on public perception and thinking and vice versa. The film was originally produced for the American cable network American Movie Classics.
 Olangal is a 1982 Indian film in Malayalam directed by Balu Mahendra. The film's plot is inspired from novel Man Woman and Child by Erich Segal.
 Dag Dokter! is a 1978 Dutch drama film directed by Ate de Jong.
 The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller film starring James Caan and Robert Duvall and directed by Sam Peckinpah.The screenplay was written by Marc Norman and Stirling Silliphant adapted from the Robert Syd Hopkins novel Monkey in the Middle. The novel was written under Hopkins' pseudonym of Robert Rostand. The film represents the last collaboration between Peckinpah and soundtrack composer Jerry Fielding.
 Družba Pere Kvržice is a Croatian Children's film directed by Vladimir Tadej. It was released in 1970.It is based on the children's novel of the same name by Mato Lovrak.
 Mammame is a 1986 French dance film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 The Marksman is a 2005 American action film directed by Marcus Adams starring Wesley Snipes William Hope Emma Samms and Anthony Warren. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on September 6 2005.
 Kalem Mama (Call Mama) is a 2003 Egyptian romantic comedy film written by Mostafa El Sobki and directed by Ahmad Awwadh.
 Nanbargal is a 1991 Tamil romance film directed by Shoba Chandrasekar. The film features Neeraj Mamta Kulkarni Vivek Dinesh Sundar and Shily Kapoor in lead roles. The film produced by Vijay was released on 14 February 1991. The film songs was composed by Babul Bose and the film score was composed by Sangeetha Rajan. The film did well at the box-office and it was later remade in Hindi as Mera Dil Tere Liye by S. A. Chandrasekhar which flopped.
 Awake is a 2007 American crime/supernatural/conspiracy thriller written and directed by Joby Harold. It stars Hayden Christensen Jessica Alba Terrence Howard and Lena Olin. The film was released in the United States and Canada on November 30 2007.
 Angel's Dance is a 1999 film written and directed by David L. Corley and produced by David Bixler. The film stars James Belushi Sheryl Lee and Kyle Chandler.
 Putney Swope a 1969 film written and directed by Robert Downey Sr. and starring Arnold Johnson as Swope is a comedy satirizing the advertising world the portrayal of race in Hollywood films the white power structure and nature of corporate corruption.
 Ludwig: Requiem for a Virgin King (German: Ludwig - Requiem für einen jungfräulichen König) is a 1972 West German historical drama film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg starring Harry Baer as Ludwig II of Bavaria. It is considered the first part in Syberberg's German trilogy before Karl May from 1974 and Hitler: A Film from Germany from 1977. It won the Deutscher Filmpreis for Best Film and Best Screenplay.
 Le Diable et les Dix Commandements (English: The Devil and the Ten Commandments) is a French comedy-drama film from 1963 directed by Julien Duvivier written by David Alexander and Michel Audiard starring Michel Simon and Louis de Funès (uncredited).
 Week-End with Father is a 1951 film directed by Douglas Sirk.
 Man Without a Name (Hungarian: Azonosítás) is a 1976 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 Tough Enough (German title: Knallhart) is a German movie directed by Detlev Buck released in 2006. Main actors are David Kross and Jenny Elvers.
 Saigon Love Story is Vietnam's first movie musical filmed entirely on location in Vietnam including Saigon and Phan Thiet. One of the first films independently produced outside of the Communist controlled film industry overseas Vietnamese director Ringo Le decided to return to his birthplace to shoot his first feature film project. Saigon Love Story had a highly acclaimed sold out screening at VC FilmFest 2006.
 Los Hombres las prefieren viudas is a 1943 Argentine film.
 An Angel Named Billy is a 2007 LGBT drama film starring Brent Battles Dustin Belt and Robin Dionne. It was written by Greg Osborne and Eliezer J. Gregorio and produced by Kevin M. Glover and Eliezer J. Gregorio. The film was directed by Greg Osborne.
 Pusher II (also known as Pusher II: With Blood on My Hands) is a 2004 Danish crime film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The film is the second film in the Pusher trilogy portraying the lives of criminals in Copenhagen.
 The Brothers Karamazov is a 1958 film made by MGM based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel of the same name. It was directed by Richard Brooks and produced by Pandro S. Berman. The screenplay was by Julius J. Epstein Philip G. Epstein and Richard Brooks. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. The story follows Fyodor the patriarch of the Karamazov family and his sons.
 Very Blue Beard (Russian: Очень синяя борода Ochen sinjaja boroda) is a 1979 Soviet musical comedy animated film loosely based on the Bluebeard fairy tale by Charles Perrault. Directed by Vladimir Samsonov screenplay by Arkady Arkanov. Cinematography by Vladimir Milovanov. Original music score by Gennady Gladkov. Lyrics by Yuliy Kim. Released by T/O EkranA detective is investigating the crimes of the medieval duke Bluebeard - is the latter really guilty of murdering his wives?
 The Waterboy is a 1998 American sports/comedy film directed by Frank Coraci (who played Robert 'Roberto' Boucher Sr.) starring Adam Sandler Kathy Bates Fairuza Balk Henry Winkler Jerry Reed Larry Gilliard Jr. Blake Clark Peter Dante and Jonathan Loughran and produced by Robert Simonds and Jack Giarraputo.Lynn Swann Lawrence Taylor Jimmy Johnson Bill Cowher Paul Wight and Rob Schneider have cameo appearances.
 Yeddi Oğul İstərəm literally translating as I'd like seven sons... is a 1970 full-length Azerbaijani feature film.
 Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle (French: Tarzoon la honte de la jungle) is a 1975 adult-oriented French/Belgian animated film directed by cartoonist Picha and Boris Szulzinger. The film was the first foreign-animated film to receive both an X rating and wide distribution in the United States.This film is also known as Jungle Burger in the United Kingdom.
 Die Feststellung is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 film comedy directed by Jon Amiel. It is based on the Mario Vargas Llosa novel Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter and was released under that name in many countries. Relocated from the novel’s setting in 1950s-era Lima Peru to New Orleans Louisiana that same decade it stars Peter Falk Keanu Reeves and Barbara Hershey in a story surrounding a radio drama and love.
 A Fine Madness (1966) is a motion picture comedy based on the 1964 novel by Elliott Baker that tells the story of Samson Shillitoe a frustrated poet unable to finish a grand tome. It stars Sean Connery (in the midst of his James Bond roles) Joanne Woodward Jean Seberg Patrick O'Neal and Clive Revill. It was directed by Irvin Kershner.
 Outlaws of the Range is a 1936 American film directed by Albert Herman.The film is also known as The Call of Justice in the United Kingdom.
 Hellbent is a 2004 slasher film and gay male horror film written and directed by Paul Etheredge-Ouzts. It is reportedly the first gay slasher film.[citation needed] Hellbent played the gay and lesbian film festival circuit throughout 2004 and 2005 before a limited theatrical release in September 2005.
 The Queen is a 2006 British drama film that depicts the aftermath of the death of Diana Princess of Wales on 31 August 1997. The film was directed by Stephen Frears written by Peter Morgan and starring Helen Mirren in the title role of Queen Elizabeth II. The Royal Family regards Diana's death as a private affair and thus not to be treated as an official Royal death.
 The Cock-Eyed World (1929) is a musical film made by Fox Film Corporation directed and written Raoul Walsh based on the Flagg and Quirt story by Maxwell Anderson Tom Barry Wilson Mizner and Laurence Stallings. The film stars Victor McLaglen Edmund Lowe and Lili Damita. It was also released in a silent version on October 5 1929.
 Hatari! (pronounced [hɑtɑri] Swahili for Danger!) is a 1962 American film directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne.
 Breakfast with Einstein is a 1998 television film directed by Craig Shapiro. It stars Thomas Gottschalk and Priscilla Presley.
 Ambareesha is an upcoming Indian Kannada action film directed and produced by Mahesh Sukhadhare under the Sri Sukhadhare Pictures banner. The film stars Darshan and Priyamani in the lead roles while Umashree Sampath Raj and others play other pivotal roles. Legendary star Dr.Ambareesh and his wife Sumalatha Ambareesh will be seen in guest roles. The soundtrack and score is composed by V. Harikrishna and the cinematography is by Ramesh Babu.
 Phoe Pyonn Cho is a 1955 Myanmar drama film directed by Mya Maung. The film picked up three Myanmar Academy Awards including Best Film Best Actor Best Child Actor.
 Fluteman is a 1982 Australian film which retells the Pied Piper of Hamelin.
 Maafia Raaj is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Yeshwantt starring Mithun Chakraborty Ayesha Jhulka Shakti Kapoor and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 A Boy Named Sue is a 2001 documentary film directed by Julie Wyman. It shows the life and transition of Theo a young adult born intersex raised female involved in a lesbian relationship who undergoes various stages of a sex reassignment surgery (including a mastectomy and hormone therapy) to become male. The protagonist is filmed extensively throughout gives a number of interviews and eventually settles down as a gay male. The film's title is taken from the song A Boy Named Sue.
 Moritz Makes his Fortune (German:Moritz macht sein Glück) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer and starring Sig Arno Viktor Schwannecke and Willy Prager.
 Blackmailed is a 1951 British drama film directed by Marc Allégret and starring Mai Zetterling Dirk Bogarde Fay Compton and Robert Flemyng. It was adapted from a novel by Elizabeth Myers and was also released as Mrs. Christopher.
 Like Mike is a 2002 film directed by John Schultz and starring Lil' Bow Wow. The film was produced by NBA Productions and features many cameo appearances by NBA stars.
 Preethi is a 1972 Malayalam language film directed and produced by P. Subramaniam under the banner of Neela Productions.
 Three Smart Girls Grow Up is a 1939 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin Nan Grey and Helen Parrish. Written by Felix Jackson and Bruce Manning the film is about three sisters who believe life is going to be easy now that their parents are back together until one sister falls in love with another's fiance and the youngest sister plays matchmaker.
 Carne de presidio (Meat in Prison) is a 1952 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Love and Death on Long Island is a 1997 UK / Canadian film directed by Richard Kwietniowski and starring Jason Priestley John Hurt Fiona Loewi Sheila Hancock and Anne Reid. The storyline of obsession somewhat resembles that of Death in Venice. The title includes a pun: Death/De'Ath.
 Power to Win is a 1942 short Australian documentary directed by Charles Chauvel about the Australian coal industry during World War II.
 Star Spangled Salesman is a 1968 short film produced by the U.S.
 Absurda is a David Lynch film shown at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. The film is approximately two and a half minutes long. Employing dream-like imagery the visuals are stationary showing a theater and the screen on which nightmarish images are projected.
 Cornman: American Vegetable Hero a.k.a. Cornman II: The Day of the Locusts is an American cult movie first released in March 2001 by WorldWide International Picture Studios known for producing low budget B-movies with campy concepts. The film premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival on March 10 2001. The film was directed by Barak Epstein and starred Mike Wiebe and James Hoke. The film is an homage/parody of superhero films.
 Dil Se (translation: From the Heart) is a 1998 Hindi film directed by Mani Ratnam. The film stars Shahrukh Khan and Manisha Koirala in lead roles while Preity Zinta (in her film debut) appears in a supporting role. Mani Ratnam also co-wrote the screenplay for the film.
 Comme Chez Soi (English: Just Like Home) is a 2011 French made for television comedy film directed by Lorenzo Gabriele.
 Puzzle (パズル) is an Japanese film directed by Eisuke Naito and based on the novel by Yusuke Yamada. It is scheduled to be released on March 8 2014.
 The Top of His Head is a Canadian comedy-drama film released in 1989. Written and directed by Peter Mettler the film stars Stephen Ouimette as Gus a satellite dish salesman whose life is turned upside down when he meets Lucy (Christie MacFadyen) a politically radical performance artist.The film's soundtrack The Top of His Head was written and composed by Fred Frith.
 Pokémon: Destiny Deoxys originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: Deoxys the Visitor (劇場版ポケットモンスター アドバンスジェネレーション 裂空の訪問者 デオキシス Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Adobansu Jenerēshon Rekkū no Hōmonsha Deokishisu lit. Visitor from the Sky-Splitting: Deoxys) is the seventh film in the Pokémon series complementing the seventh season (Pokémon: Advanced Challenge). It is the second film released under Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation in Japan.
 Bridge to Nowhere is a 1986 movie directed and co-written by Ian Mune and produced by Larry Parr.It was filmed in New Zealand's North Island.Presented by Challenge Film Corporation. Released to VHS by Chapter Entertainment.The cast includes: Philip Gordon Matthew Hunter Stephen Judd Bruno Lawrence Shelly Luxford Alison Routledge Margaret Umbers Norman Fairley Faye Flegg Shirley Gruar Peter McCauley↑
 Woman Is the Future of Man (Hangul: 여자는 남자의 미래다; RR: Yeojaneun namjaui miraeda) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Hong Sang-soo. The film wasn't a box-office hit but was entered in the competition category of the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and received screenings at several other festivals. The title of the film is a translation of a line from a poem by Louis Aragon that the director saw printed on a French postcard.
 Madame Bovary is an upcoming drama film directed by Sophie Barthes and starring Mia Wasikowska Paul Giamatti and Ezra Miller. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Gustave Flaubert.
 Rock of Ages is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Bertram Phillips and starring Queenie Thomas Leslie George and Ronald Power. An Irish model converts an artist to religion. Its title refers to the hymn Rock of Ages
 Cuando calienta el sol is a 1963 Argentine film. It is also the title of a famous song of the period recorded by many artists and described in the article Love Me with All Your Heart which is the English version of the same tune.It is also the name of a CD issued by Cuban quartet RaSon in 2007. It includes songs such as Besame Mucho (Consuelo Velazquez) and Me voy pa'l pueblo (Mersedes Valdes)
 Saneamento Básico (Portuguese for basic sanitation) is a 2007 Brazilian comedy film written and directed by Jorge Furtado. It stars Fernanda Torres Wagner Moura Camila Pitanga Bruno Garcia Lázaro Ramos Tonico Pereira and Paulo José.
 The Chinese Bungalow is a 1930 British drama film directed by Arthur Barnes and J.B. Williams and starring Matheson Lang Jill Esmond and Anna Neagle. It was based on the play The Chinese Bungalow. While working on the film J.B. Williams convinced the actress Marjorie Robertson to change her name to Anna Neagle the name under which she would become the most popular British actress in the 1940s.
 The Homesteader (1919) is a lost black-and-white silent film by African American author and filmmaker Oscar Micheaux.
 Aravind 2 is a Telugu film Directed by Sekhar Suri starring Sri Madhavi Latha Kamal Kamaraju Srinivas Avasarala and Adonica in the Lead and is a sequel to the Successful movie A Film by Aravind. G. Phanindra and G. Vijay Choudary produced this film on Sri Vijayabheri Productions Banner while Vijay Kurakula provided the music. The Movie has been inspired from an english movie 'Friday the 13th'.The Movie is scheduled for a release in end of March 2013.
 Kedar Gouri(1954) (Oriya: କେଦାର ଗୌରି) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit
 Good Luck Sweetheart (Portuguese: Boa sorte meu amor) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Daniel Aragão.
 The Hypnotist (Swedish: Hypnotisören) is a 2012 Swedish crime film directed by Lasse Hallström based on the Swedish novel of the same name by Lars Kepler. The film was selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 The Adventures of the Wilderness Family (aka The Wilderness Family) is a 1975 family movie that stars Robert Logan George Buck Flower and Susan Damante-Shaw. The film had two sequels The Further Adventures of the Wilderness Family in 1978 and Mountain Family Robinson in 1979. The filming location was the Gunnison National Forest in the state of Colorado. The film is rated G in the USA.
 Ironclad is a 2011 adventure film directed by Jonathan English. Written by English and Erick Kastel based on a screenplay by Stephen McDool the cast includes Paul Giamatti James Purefoy Brian Cox Vladimir Kulich Mackenzie Crook Jason Flemying Derek Jacobi and Kate Mara. The film chronicles the siege of Rochester Castle by King John in 1215. The film was shot entirely in Wales in 2009 produced on a budget of $25 million.
 Skyway is a 1933 American romantic comedy film directed by Lewis D. Collins.
 Alguien se acerca (English: Someone approaches) is an unreleased 1948 Argentine film. Was directed by Piero Ballerini and written by Alessandro de Stefani.
 L'infermiera nella corsia dei militari (internationally released as The Nurse in the Military Madhouse) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.
 Reversal of Fortune is a 2003 South Korean film directed by Park Yong-woon and starring Kim Seung-woo and Ha Ji-won. The film features several songs from Ha Ji-won's debut album Homerun.
 The Unwelcome Guest is a 1913 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Bruno (released as The Dress Code on DVD and VHS) is a 2000 American film starring Alex D. Linz and Shirley MacLaine. The film is the first and as of 2012 the only film ever directed by MacLaine.Distributed by New Angel Inc. Bruno premiered at the 2000 Los Angeles Film Festival in a limited theatrical release. From there the film was distributed straight to cable television and rights to it were acquired by Starz.
 True Identity is a 1991 American comedy film directed by Charles Lane and starring Lenny Henry Frank Langella and Anne-Marie Johnson. The plot revolves around a black man (British comedy actor Henry) who disguises himself as a white man to escape the mob.
 Father's Son (1931) is an all-talking melodrama film which was produced by Warner Brothers in 1930 and released early in 1931. The movie is based on the original film scenario Old Fathers and Young Sons by Booth Tarkington.Leon Janney was being groomed as a child star by Warners and this film was the one of several he starred in. His career however never took off and in late 1931 he was released from his contract.
 Passport to Paradise is a 1932 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Get 'Em Young is a 1926 film starring Stan Laurel. In a sad twist this was the film being shown at the 1927 Laurier Palace Theatre Fire in Montreal where 78 people died all but one under the age of 16.
 Hrdina jedné noci is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1935.
 Jew Süss (in the US retitled Power - Jew Suss) is a 1934 British historical romantic drama film based on Lion Feuchtwanger's 1925 novel Jud Süß about Joseph Süß Oppenheimer. Directed by Lothar Mendes the film stars German actor Conrad Veidt in the role of Oppenheimer.
 No Man's Land (Chinese: 无人区) is a 2013 Chinese neo-western thriller film directed by Ning Hao and starring Xu Zheng Yu Nan Huang Bo and Duo Buji.
 Child 44 is an upcoming American drama thriller film directed by Daniel Espinosa and written by Richard Price. It is based on the 2008 novel Child 44 by Tom Rob Smith. The film stars Tom Hardy Noomi Rapace Joel Kinnaman Gary Oldman and Vincent Cassel.
 America is a 2011 Puerto Rican drama film directed by Sonia Fritz. The film was selected as the Puerto Rican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but was disqualified because of a rule change.
 Jeevanadhi (Kannada: ಜೀವನದಿ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by P. Dhanraj. The film features Vishnuvardhan Ananth Nag and Kushboo in the lead roles. The film was widely popular for its title song composed by Koti upon release.
 Beautiful Bismark is a 1913 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood.
 The Phantom Planet is a 1961 science fiction film directed by William Marshall. American International Pictures released it as a double feature with Assignment Outer Space.
 Big Boys Gone Bananas!* is a 2011 documentary film directed by Fredrik Gertten. The film is about how Gertten's film company was sued by Dole for the 2009 documentary film Bananas!*.
 Convoy is a 1978 action film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Kris Kristofferson Ali MacGraw Ernest Borgnine and Burt Young. The movie is based on the 1975 country and western novelty song Convoy by C.W. McCall and Chip Davis. The film was made when the CB Radio/trucking craze was at its peak in the United States and followed the similarly themed films Smokey and the Bandit White Line Fever and the television series Movin' On and B. J. and the Bear.
 The Two Mrs. Carrolls is a 1947 mystery film starring Humphrey Bogart Barbara Stanwyck and Alexis Smith directed by Peter Godfrey and produced by Mark Hellinger from a screenplay by Thomas Job based on the 1935 play by Martin Vale.
 True Bromance is a 2012 film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart which explores the absurd advice that friends and family give when someone falls in love. It follows the quest of actor Devin Ratray who wants to win the heart of U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
 Alemari (Kannada: ಅಲೆಮಾರಿ) is a 2012 released Kannada romantic action drama film starring Yogesh and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The Story screenplay lyrics and direction is by Santhu. The music of the film was composed by Arjun Janya. B. K. Srinivas has produced the venture under BK Srinivasa Productions. The film released in theatres across Karnataka on 9 March 2012.
 Hag Toofan is a 1991 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Urimai Por (English: War for rights) is a 1998 Tamil crime film directed by Raja Rajendran. The film features Arun Pandian and Ranjitha in lead roles. The film produced by Shiva Balajee had musical score by Deva and was released on 19 October 1998.
 Mirka is a 2000 drama film starring Vanessa Redgrave and Gérard Depardieu. The international co-production was written and directed by Algerian-born filmmaker Rachid Benhadj. Although countries are unnamed several publications make reference to the film as a document of Bosnian Genocide. It was released in Italy on 10 March 2000 and received its international premiere at the Thessaloniki International Film Festival on 21 November 2005.
 Heimweh is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Mady Christians William Dieterle and Ida Wüst. The film's art direction was by Hans Jacoby.
 The Cross and the Switchblade is a 1970 Christian film starring Pat Boone as David Wilkerson and Erik Estrada as Nicky Cruz the teen gang member whose life was transformed by Wilkerson's ministry. The film was based on a novel under the same name. The movie was dismissed by secular critics as uninteresting.[citation needed] However it has been viewed by an estimated 50 million people in over 30 languages in 150 countries according to World Film Crusade.[citation needed]
 An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island titled in the film as An American Tail III: The Treasure of Manhattan Island was the first direct-to-video and third film in the An American Tail series. This film was first released in 1998. It was released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment in the United States in 1998. Thomas Dekker took over the role of Fievel Mousekewitz from Phillip Glasser the original actor who was already 20 years old by then.
 For the unrelated 1985 novel by Kay Thorpe see Dangerous Moonlight (novel).Dangerous Moonlight (also known as Suicide Squadron in the USA) is a 1941 British film starring Anton Walbrook best known for its score written by Richard Addinsell with orchestrations by Roy Douglas which includes the Warsaw Concerto.
 Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by McG and starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. It is the fourth installment in the Terminator series. In a departure from the previous installments which were set between 1984 and 2004 and used time travel as a key plot element Salvation is set in 2018 and focuses on the war between Skynet and humanity with the human Resistance fighting against Skynet's killing machines.
 The Law Rides is a 1936 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Aapko Pehle Bhi Kahin Dekha Hai is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film directed by Anubhav Sinha and produced by Bhushan Kumar. It stars Priyanshu Chatterjee and Sakshi Shivanand in pivotal roles.
 Oru Thaai Makkal (Tamil: ஒரு தாய் மக்கள் English: Sons of a mother) is a 1971 Indian Tamil directed by P. Neelakantan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with M. N. Nambiar J. Jayalalitha among others enacting supporting roles.
 Murdered Innocence is a 1995 film directed by Frank Coraci.
 Up Goes Maisie is a 1946 Amercican comedy film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as the ninth of ten films starring Ann Sothern as ex-showgirl Maisie Ravier. In this series entry Maisie goes to work for an inventor played by George Murphy.
 Beyond the Door (Italian: Oltre la porta and also known as Beyond Obsession) is a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Liliana Cavani.
 Bastard Swordsman also known as Reincarnate Swordsman is a 1983 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.
 Donkey Xote is a 2007 Spanish-Italian CGI animated children's comedy film based on the Miguel de Cervantes novel Don Quixote starring Andreu Buenafuente David Fernández Sonia Ferrer and José Luis Gil.
 Rage (1966) is a Drama/Movie starring Glenn Ford and directed by Gilberto Gazcón
 Mulberry (Hangul: 뽕; hanja: 桑; RR: Ppong) is a 1986 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Doo-yong. Based on a classic story by Na Do-hyang the film became known for its erotic subject matter made possible by the government's gradual relaxation of censorship and control over the film industry during the 1980s. It was part of the wave of Folk erotic films that had become popular in South Korea at this time.A sequel Mulberry 2 (Ppong 2) was also released.
 Oh Mabel Behave is a 1922 American silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand Mack Sennett and Ford Sterling. Sennett and Sterling also directed the film.This film was likely filmed in 1915 or 1916 as it is listed as produced by Triangle Film Corporation. Triangle was long defunct by 1922.
 Bal Ganesh 2 is a 2009 computer-animated musical feature film directed by Pankaj Sharma. The film is about the adventures of Lord Ganesh the Hindu elephant-headed god when he was a baby. This is the sequel of 2007 movie Bal Ganesh.
 The Crusaders is a 2001 Italian television mini-series (Crociati) made into a color feature film written by Andrew Porporati and directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard. The movie shows in English. Also known as Die Kreuzritter (Germany).
 An Interesting Story is a 1905 British short silent comedy film directed by James Williamson showing a man so engrossed in his book he is dangerously oblivious to what happens around him.
 Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a 1978 American jukebox musical film. Its soundtrack Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band features new versions of songs originally written and performed by The Beatles. The film draws primarily from two of their albums 1967's Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and 1969's Abbey Road. The film covers all of the songs from the Sgt.
 One Night Surprise (Chinese: 一夜惊喜) is a 2013 romantic-comedy film directed and written by Eva Jin and starring Fan Bingbing Aarif Rahman Pace Wu Jiang Jinfu and Daniel Henney.
 Freelance Samurai (桃太郎侍 Momotarō Zamurai) is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Kenji Misumi.
 Finally the Happiness is a 2011 film directed by and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni.
 My Grandfather's People (Turkish: Dedemin İnsanları) is a 2011 Turkish drama film directed by Çağan Irmak.
 Cold Moon (French: Lune froide) is a 1991 French drama film directed by Patrick Bouchitey. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the Charles Bukowski short stories The Copulating Mermaid of Venice and Trouble with the Battery.
 Concerning Mr. Martin is a 1937 British thriller film directed by Roy Kellino and starring Wilson Barrett William Devlin and Marjorie Peacock.
 Sure Death 4: Revenge (必殺ＩＶ　恨みはらします Hissatsu 4: Urami harashimasu) (aka Sure Death Revenge and Sure-Fire Death 4: We Will Avenge You) is a film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 Some Mother's Son is a 1996 film written and directed by Irish filmmaker Terry George co-written by Jim Sheridan and based on the true story of the 1981 hunger strike in the Maze Prison in Northern Ireland. Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) prisoner Bobby Sands (played by John Lynch) led a protest against the treatment of IRA prisoners claiming that they should be treated as prisoners of war rather than criminals.
 The Beauty Prize is a 1924 film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Viola Dana.
 Tintin and the Temple of the Sun / The Seven Crystal Balls & Prisoners of the Sun (1969 Belvision a co-production between Belgium France and Switzerland) is a film made after the success of the Belvision cartoon series. The subject was to be The Seven Crystal Balls and Prisoners of the Sun (merged becoming Tintin and the Temple of the Sun).
 Nadiya Ke Paar is a 1948 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kishore Sahu. It was the sixth highest grossing Indian film of 1948.
 The Woman in the Window is a 1944 film noir directed by Fritz Lang that tells the story of psychology professor Richard Wanley (Edward G. Robinson) who meets and becomes enamored of a young femme fatale.Based on J. H. Wallis' novel Once Off Guard the story features two surprise twists at the end.
 Things Happen at Night is a 1947 British supernatuarl ghost comedy film directed by Francis Searle and starring Gordon Harker Alfred Drayton Robertson Hare and Gwynneth Vaughan. The film is based upon a stage play The Poltergeist by Frank Harvey Jnr.
 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is a 2001 American comedy film directed written by and starring Kevin Smith as Silent Bob the fifth to be set in his View Askewniverse a growing collection of characters and settings that developed out of his cult favorite Clerks.
 Crawlspace is a 2012 Australian science fiction-action-horror film directed by Justin Dix. The script was co-written by Dix co-star Eddie Baroo and Adam Patrick Foster. A team of elite commandos are sent to a secret military base to extract a scientific team under attack by escaped prisoners. The film has received mixed reviews.
 The Inheritance (French: Héritage) is an upcoming drama directed by and starring Hiam Abbass in her feature film directorial debut. It premiered at the Venice Film Festival and Haifa International Film Festival.
 Such Is Life (Spanish: Así es la vida) is a 1939 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed by Francisco Múgica based on a play by Nicolás de las Llanderas and Arnaldo Malfatti; starring Enrique Muiño.
 Rapport till himlen (lit. Report to heaven) is a 1994 Swedish mini series directed by Ulf Malmros and starring Johan Widerberg and Lina Englund.
 Sunday Calm is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 20th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Bedroom Window is a 1987 thriller directed by Curtis Hanson. It stars Elizabeth McGovern Steve Guttenberg and Isabelle Huppert. The movie is based on the novel The Witnesses by Anne Holden.
 Drop Zone is a 1994 American action film directed by John Badham starring Wesley Snipes Gary Busey Yancy Butler Michael Jeter and Kyle Secor. The film was released in the United States on December 9 1994.
 Mr. White Mr. Black is a 2008 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Shivdasani starring Sunil Shetty Arshad Warsi Anishka Khosla Rashmi Nigam Sharat Saxena Ashish Vidyarthi and Sadashiv Amrapurkar. The film also features foreign actresses Tania Zaetta and former Miss Thailand Ning.
 Cops and Robbers (Italian: Guardie e ladri) is a 1951 Italian cult comedy film directed by Steno and Mario Monicelli. It stars the famous comedian Totò and the cinematographer was the future film director Mario Bava. It was produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti.Its style is close to Italian neorealism. Released in Italian cinemas in November 1951 and shown in competition at the Cannes Film Festival in 1952 earned the award for Piero Tellini the script and Totò the Nastro d'Argento.
 Marebito (稀人) Unique One is a 2004 Japanese horror film directed by Takashi Shimizu.
 How to Make Use of Leisure Time: Painting (Persian: از اوقات فراغت خود چگونه استفاده کنیم: نقاشی‎) is a 1977 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami. An educational film that aims to instil a love of painting in young children.
 One Stone Two Birds (Pinyin: Yi Shi Er Niao) is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Chu Yin-Ping.
 Italian for Beginners (Danish: Italiensk for begyndere) is a 2000 Danish romantic comedy film written and directed by Lone Scherfig. The film stars Anders W. Berthelsen Lars Kaalund and Peter Gantzler. The film was made by the austere principles of the Dogme 95 movement including the use of hand held video cameras and natural lighting and is known as Dogme XII. However in contrast to most Dogme films which are harsh and serious in tone Italian for Beginners is a light-hearted comedy.
 Cyclops is a 2008 television monster film about the mythological cyclops. Here the cyclops is the last survivor of species who once fought the Roman Army and ends up in the Circus Maximus.
 The Black Fox (黑狐狸) is a 1962 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Yan Jun. The film was produced under the Shaw Brothers banner in the mandarin language.
 Gori Tere Pyaar Mein is a 2013 Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Punit Malhotra. Produced by Karan Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions the film features Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan in pivotal roles.
 Mungarina Minchu (Kannada: ಮುಂಗಾರಿನ ಮಿಂಚು) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ramesh Arvind and Shilpa. The film is inspired from the Italian film Quattro passi fra le nuvole (Four Steps in the Clouds). The music for the film was composed by V. Manohar.The film was awarded the Best Feature Film in Kannada at the 45th National Film Awards .
 Benji is the first film in a series of nine about the golden mixed breed dog named Benji. It was written and directed by Joe Camp and filmed in and around Denton Texas. Released in 1974 it was a critical and box office smash grossing $45 million on a tight budget of $500000. The film also received an Academy Award nomination for the Best Original Song for the theme song I Feel Love by Euel Box.
 Piranha II: The Spawning also known as Piranha II: Flying Killers is a 1981 American horror film the sequel to the 1978 low-budget cult film Piranha and the feature film directorial debut of James Cameron.
 Bachke Rehna Re Baba (Devnagari: बचके रहना रे बाबा in English:You have to watch out) is a 2005 Bollywood film directed by Govind Menon starring Rekha Paresh Rawal Mallika Sherawat and Satish Shah. The film's plot is inspired by the 2001 American film Heartbreakers.
 Out in the Dark (Hebrew: עלטה‎) is an Israeli drama film which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2012 and in Israel in the Haifa International Film Festival in October 2012. It is the directorial debut of Michael Mayer (מיכאל מאיר).The film is the story of human existence with two main characters an Israeli and a Palestinian. The film was released commercially in Israel on February 28 2013.The film has won more than 25 awards.
 Wish You Were Here is a 2012 Australian film directed by Kieran Darcy-Smith. Set in Cambodia and Australia it details the aftermath of a Southeast Asian holiday gone awry for two couples. It has a 71% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 59 reviews. It won numerous awards.
 Courting Condi is a 2008 film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart that portrays the quest of a love-struck man actor Devin Ratray who wants to win the heart of US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
 It's Everybody's War was a short dramatic propaganda film produced by 20th Century Fox and distributed by the Office of War Information in 1942. The film is set up to show the chronological effects of the war on a typical American small town. Two years ago they sent off their company of the National Guard but didn't think they would actually go to battle. They first get sanguine letters home about training and being stationed in the Philippines without a thought to the possibility of combat.
 Good Night Nurse! is a 1918 short comedy film written and directed by Fatty Arbuckle and starring Arbuckle and Buster Keaton. The action centers in a sanitarium Arbuckle's character was brought to by his wife involuntarily to be operated on by Keaton's character for his alcoholism.
 Beyond the Edge is a 2013 New Zealand 3D docudrama about Sir Edmund Hillary's historical ascent of Mount Everest in 1953. As well as featuring dramatised recreations shot on location on Everest and in New Zealand the film includes original footage and photographs from what was then the ninth British expedition to the mountain.The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2013 where it won positive reviews from fans and film critics.
 Poitín (1977) was the first feature film to be made entirely in Irish. It was also the first recipient of a film script grant from the Arts Council of Ireland.
 Heimkehr (English: Homecoming) is a 1941 German anti-Polish propaganda film directed by Gustav Ucicky.It received the rare honor Film of the Nation bestowed on films considered to have made an outstanding contribution to the national cause. Filled with heavy-handed caricature it justifies extermination of Poles with a depiction of relentless persecution of ethnic Germans who escape death only because of the German invasion.
 Super Hero Central is a 2004 Martial arts oriented Cult Film. This film was directed by and stars Scott Shaw. The Co-Stars of this films include Donald G. Jackson Conrad Brooks and Kevin Thompson.
 Top Secret is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Mario Zampi and starring George Cole Oskar Homolka and Nadia Gray. A sanitation inspector is mistaken for an international spy.The film was known in the U.S. as Mr Potts Goes to Moscow.
 Broken Spell (Persian: Telesme schekasté‎) is a 1958 Iranian film directed by Syamak Yasami. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bobbed Hair is a 1925 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Warner Brothers with directing by Alan Crosland. It is based on a novel written by twenty different authors. The film stars Marie Prevost Kenneth Harlan Louise Fazenda and Dolores Costello.A surviving print is housed in a foreign archive.
 Rupe Tomae Bholabo Na (Bengali: রূপে তোমায় ভোলাব না) is Bengali film released on February 22 2013. The film is directed by Raj Mukherjee and it revolves around a star actress and her daughter reflecting their psycho conflict. The film features an ensemble cast including Anannya Sarkar as Ritu Swastika Mukheree as Kaberi and Shaan as Sunny. It also stars Kaushik Sen as Indrajeet and Soumitra Chatterjee.
 Human Highway is a 1982 comedy film starring and co-directed by Neil Young under his pseudonym Bernard Shakey. Dean Stockwell co-directed the film and acted along with Russ Tamblyn Dennis Hopper and the band Devo. Included is a collaborative performance of Hey Hey My My (Into the Black) by Devo and Young with Booji Boy singing lead vocals and Young playing lead guitar.The film was shown in only select theaters and was not released on VHS until 1995.
 Remembrance (German: Die verlorene Zeit) is a 2011 German drama film directed by Anna Justice. A German-Jewish young woman and Polish young man fall in love and escape a concentration camp. As the film prologue notes it is based on a true story which was that of Jerzy Bielecki and Cyla Cybulska.
 The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery (also called The St. Louis Bank Robbery the film title in the opening credits) is a 1959 heist film shot in black and white. The film stars Steve McQueen as a college dropout hired to be the getaway driver in a bank robbery. The film is based on a 1953 bank robbery attempt of Southwest Bank in St. Louis. The film was shot on location in St. Louis and some of the men and women from the St.
 Dark City is a 1990 independent film. It was shown at the 1990 Toronto Film Festival but did not achieve wide release. The plot concerns the murder of a local politician and seven people accused of the murder.
 Forgotten Faces is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Clive Brook Mary Brian and Olga Baclanova. The production was overseen by David O. Selznick a rising young producer at the time. The film was remade by Paramount in 1936 as a sound film.
 The Woman and the Stranger (German: Die Frau und der Fremde) is a 1985 East German film directed by Rainer Simon. It is based on Leonhard Frank's novella Karl und Anna and tells the story of two friends in a POW camp during World War I. One of them escapes and forms a relationship with the other man's wife. After the war her husband returns. The film was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear.
 Displaced is a 2010 documentary film directed by the Somali-American filmmaker Idil Ibrahim about the recruitment of Somali-American young men into the civil war in Somalia and the effect their disappearance has on their families. Her directorial debut it was released as part of the Tribeca Film Institute's Tribeca All Access program. The Iranian-Canadian-American filmmaker Anna Fahr served as a producer on the project.
 Odysseus' Gambit is a 2011 documentary film directed by Alex Lora Cercos about a homeless Cambodian immigrant who maintains his livelihood and sanity by playing chess in the heart of Manhattan. In 2012 Odysseus' Gambit was nominated for the Best Short Filmmaking Award at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Aar Paar is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shakti Samanta starring Nutan Mithun Chakraborty Mandakini Ranjeet Sadashiv Amrapurkar Utpal Dutt and Rajesh Khanna
 Creature from the Haunted Sea is a 1961 comedy horror film directed by Roger Corman. Written by Charles B.
 The Spy Dad is a 2003 Hong Kong comedy film produced written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Tony Leung as the titular protagonist Jones Bon an action film star with obvious homage to James Bond 007 films while with also references to martial arts films by Bruce Lee.
 Alienator is a 1989 science fiction/action/thriller directed by filmmaker Fred Olen Ray—the producer director and screenwriter of over one hundred low to medium-budget feature films in many genres—and starring Jan-Michael Vincent star of the CBS television series Airwolf. Alienator is among several films produced by Jeffrey C. Hogue.
 Pengkhianatan G30S/PKI ([peŋxiaˈnatan ˈɡe ˈtiɡa ˈpulʊh ˈɛs ˈpe ˈka ˈi]; Indonesian for Treachery of G30S/PKI) is a 1984 Indonesian docudrama written and directed by Arifin C. Noer produced by G. Dwipayana and starring Amoroso Katamsi Umar Kayam and Syubah Asa. Produced over a period of two years with a budget of Rp. 800 million the film was sponsored by Suharto's New Order government.
 Dark Places is a 1973 British horror film directed by Don Sharp and starring Robert Hardy Christopher Lee Joan Collins and Herbert Lom.
 Passing Fancy (出来ごころ Dekigokoro) is a 1933 silent movie produced by Shochiku Company directed by Japanese director Yasujirō Ozu and starring Takeshi Sakamoto Nobuko Fushimi Den Obinata and Chouko Iida.It won the Kinema Junpo Award for best film the second of three consecutive years an Ozu film won following I Was Born But... and preceding A Story of Floating Weeds.Ozu regular Chishu Ryu has a small role towards the end of the film as a fellow passenger on board a ship.
 24 is an Indian television drama that aired from 4 October 2013 through 21 December 2013 and was based on the American series of the same name. The Hindi language show is written by Rensil D'Silva Bhavani Iyer & Priya Pinto directed by Abhinay Deo and produced by Anil Kapoor Films.The Hindi version of 24 is the first adaptation of the show the India rights for which were acquired from Fox and 24 producer Howard Gordon by Anil Kapoor Films.
 The Call of the Savage (1935) is a Universal serial based on the story Jan of the Jungle by Otis Adelbert Kline. It was directed by Lew Landers and released by Universal Pictures.
 Dimension is a short film written and directed by Lars von Trier released in 2010. The film was shot in three-minute segments over several years. The original intention was to continue production for a period of 30 years for a final release in 2024. However von Trier lost interest in the project and it was shelved in the late 1990s. The short film consists of the completed footage at the time the film was abandoned.
 Reflexões de um Liquidificador (English: Reflections of a Blender) is a 2010 Brazilian comedy film directed by André Klotzel.The film follows the story of Elvira a housewife with a busy lifestyle. Onofre her husband disappeared and she decides to go to the police to find out about his disappearance. The trajectory of the couple is narrated by Elvira's blender who came to life when long ago Onofre switched it's propeller by a much larger one.
 I Love New Year is an Indian romantic comedy film directed by Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru starring Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut. The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd. The planned release date of the film is December 30 2013. The film is extensively shot in Mumbai New York City and Bangkok.
 Ultra (Italian: Ultrà) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Ricky Tognazzi. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival where Tognazzi won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Sayyidat al-Qasr (Arabic: سيدة القصر‎ English: Lady of the Palace) is a 1958 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Omar Sharif. The film is directed by the Egyptian film director Kamal El Sheikh and written by Hussein Helmy Almohandes.
 Jason and the Argonauts is a 1963 Columbia Pictures fantasy feature film starring Todd Armstrong as the titular mythical Greek hero in a story about his quest for the Golden Fleece. Directed by Don Chaffey in collaboration with stop motion animation expert Ray Harryhausen the film is noted for its stop-motion creatures and particularly the iconic fight with the skeletons.
 Ringo is a 1978 TV movie starring Ringo Starr as a both fictionalized version of himself and as his fictional half-brother Ognir Rrats. It also features an all-star cast including Art Carney Carrie Fisher and George Harrison. Ringo performs songs from his then-current album Bad Boy and older material. The film's story is loosely based on The Prince and the Pauper.The program finished 53rd of 65 network prime-time programs for the week.
 The Favor is a 1994 romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and written by Sara Parriott and Josann McGibbon. It stars Harley Jane Kozak Elizabeth McGovern Bill Pullman Brad Pitt and Ken Wahl. The original music score was composed by Thomas Newman.
 After Midnight is an American horror anthology film released in 1989. Besides the three stories within the movie there is a wraparound story with a deus ex machina at the end.
 The Ninety and Nine was a 1922 silent drama starring Colleen Moore made shortly before she gained fame as a film flapper.
 Tutti dentro (internationally released as Everybody in Jail) is a 1984 Italian comedy film film written starred and directed by Alberto Sordi. The main character a hyperactive vain and logorroic judge is referred as one of the most famous fictional judges in the Italian collective imagination.
 Rain in a Dry Land is a 2006 documentary film directed by Anne Makepeace and filmed by Joan Churchill & Barney Broomfield that chronicles the experiences of two Bantu as they are transported by relief organizations from Kenyan refugee camps to Atlanta Georgia and then Springfield Massachusetts.Rain in a Dry Land was written produced and directed by Anne Makepeace and was broadcast as part of PBS's Point of View series.
 Magnifica presenza is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Ferzan Özpetek.
 Shima is a 2007 film from Uzbekistan.
 The Gay Nighties is a 1933 American film featuring the comedy team Clark & McCullough and directed by Mark Sandrich.
 Enemy of the State is a 1998 American spy-thriller about a group of rogue NSA agents who kill a US Congressman and try to cover up the murder. It was written by David Marconi directed by Tony Scott and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. It stars Will Smith and Gene Hackman with Jon Voight Lisa Bonet and Regina King in supporting roles.
 Falsehood (2001) is an award-winning short film written and directed by Kenneth Lui starring Anne Welles Mark Irvingsen Marie-Noelle Marquis and Stuart Proffitt. Its style is a highly visual fusion of film noir against classic fairy tale motifs. It is written in the style of a courtroom drama with neo-noir elements.
 Trancers III is the second sequel of the Trancers series and went straight-to-video in 1992.
 Double Face (Italian: A doppia faccia German: Das Gesicht im Dunkeln) is a 1969 Italian thriller film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Klaus Kinski.It was released in France as Liz and Helen and later in a French adult version under the title Chaleur et jouissance (translation: Heat and Pleasure)
 Winds of the Wasteland is a 1936 Western film starring John Wayne and Phyllis Fraser. The film was directed by Mack V. Wright and was released by Republic Pictures. The rights on this movie haven't been renewed so this movie is legally free to watch on various internet sites and Hulu.com sometimes features a colorized version under the title Stagecoach Run.
 Code Name: Emerald is a 1985 action-drama film about a spy for the Allies working undercover in Nazi Germany during World War II. The film was directed by Jonathan Sanger and stars Ed Harris Max von Sydow Eric Stoltz and Patrick Stewart. It was the first theatrical film produced by NBC.
 Nancherrow was a TV movie sequel to Rosamunde Pilcher's Coming Home. It aired on ITV television in April 1999.
 Inbetween Worlds (German: Zwischen Welten) is a 2014 German drama film produced written and directed by Feo Aladag. The film tells the story of a friendship between the German soldier Jesper and his young Afghan interpreter Tarik.
 Now You Know is a comedy film directed written by and starring Jeff Anderson. The film was produced by the Lumberyard production company (Alek Petrovic Eric Nordness and Thomas Stelter). It was released theatrically in the United States on December 13 2002 and on DVD on November 28 2006.
 Five Dolls for an August Moon (Italian: 5 bambole per la luna d'agosto) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Bava. It concerns a group of people who have gathered on a remote island for fun and relaxation. One of the guests is a chemist who has created a revolutionary new chemical process and several of the attending industrialists are eager to buy it from him. Business problems become a moot point however when someone begins killing off the attendees one-by-one.
 Aakhri Goli is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Shibu Mitra. It stars Sunil Dutt and Leena Chandavarkar in pivotal roles.
 Ahista Ahista (Hindi: आहिस्ता आहिस्ता Urdu: آہستہ آہستہ‎ translation: Slowly Slowly) is a Bollywood film released in October 1981. The film stars Kunal Kapoor Padmini Kolhapure Shashikala Shammi Kapoor Ashalata Wabgaonkar and Nanda. Beautiful lyrics and earpleasing music were the highlights of this film. 'Kabhi kisi ko muqammal jahan nahin milta' (twice) 'mana teri nazar mein' 'bin bulaye hum chale aaye' and 'nazar se phool chunati hai nazar' were welcomed by the music lovers.
 Beirut: The Last Home Movie is a 1987 documentary film directed by Jennifer Fox. It follows the life of Gaby Bustros and her family who live in a 200-year old mansion in Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War. The Bustros family one of the noble families of Beirut remain in their ancestral home despite the endless war that surrounds them.
 2 Guns is a 2013 American action film directed by Icelandic director Baltasar Kormákur and starring Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg. Based on a graphic novel series of the same name published by Boom! Studios the film was released on August 2 2013.
 Where East Is East is a 1929 silent movie starring Lon Chaney as an animal trapper in Laos. The picture is Chaney's penultimate silent film and the last of his collaborations with director Tod Browning. While this film is essentially a silent film in form with intertitles and no spoken dialogue MGM released it with a Movietone soundtrack of effects and music.
 Two Nudes Bathing is a 1995 British short film directed by John Boorman. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 To the Last Man is an award-winning gay pornographic film directed by Chris Ward Ben Leon and Tony Dimarco and produced by Raging Stallion Studios. It was released in November 2008.An 'epic' western movie it is loosely based on the 1921 novel To the Last Man: A Story of the Pleasant Valley War by Zane Grey. The film revolves around the struggle between two ranches - one with water and one without - in the American West.
 Dollar for the Dead is a 1998 TNT western television film. Film directed and written by Gene Quintano and starring Emilio Estevez. It is the third western film which Estevez stars. Film also stars William Forsythe Joaquim de Almeida Jonathan Banks Ed Lauter and Howie Long. Actor Jordi Mollà nominated for Fotogramas de Plata award.Dollar for the Dead is often perceived as a tribute to the 1960s spaghetti westerns with a liberal dose of modern Hong Kong film-making thrown in.
 Waiting... is a 2005 American independent comedy film starring Ryan Reynolds Anna Faris and Justin Long. It was written and directed by Rob McKittrick. McKittrick wrote the screenplay while working as a waiter. The film is the first effort by McKittrick as a writer-director.The script was initially sold in a film deal to Artisan Entertainment but was released by Lions Gate Entertainment (which purchased Artisan in 2003).
 The Runner (Persian: Davandeh دونده ) is a 1985 film by Amir Naderi one of the major directors of Iranian cinema before and after the Iranian Revolution. The Runner was perhaps the first of the post-revolution Iranian films to attract worldwide attention.
 El Clavo or The Nail is a 1944 Spanish romance drama film directed by Rafael Gil. It is based on the novel of the same title by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón.
 Rails (Italian:Rotaie) is a 1929 Italian drama film directed by Mario Camerini and starring Käthe von Nagy Maurizio D'Ancora and Daniele Crespi. It was originally made as a silent film but sound was later added. It was made at a time when the Italian film industry had dramatically declined in size and was one of only a handful of films released that year.
 Jocelyn is a 1952 French film. It stars Yvette Etiévant.
 The Dark Tower is a 1943 film starring Herbert Lom Anne Crawford David Farrar and Ben Lyon.
 American Beauty is a lost 1927 silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. This film was directed by Richard Wallace and starred Billie Dove. It was based on a short story American Beauty by Wallace Irwin. She is supported by Walter McGrail and Margaret Livingston.
 Sinister Hands is a 1932 American film directed by Armand Schaefer.
 The Unnamable based on H. P. Lovecraft's short story The Unnamable was a film made in 1988 about a group of university students that made the poor decision to stay overnight in a 'haunted house'. Mark Kinsey Stephenson played the lead role Randolph Carter (a well known H.P. Lovecraft character) alongside Charles King. It was directed by Jean Paul Oullette as well as being written and produced by him.
 Out of Time is a 1988 science fiction film starring Bruce Abbott and Bill Maher. It was a failed television pilot made into a television movie.[citation needed]
 Sunglass (Taak Jhaank in Hindi) is a 2013 bilingual Indian film written and directed by Rituparno Ghosh. The film is a satirical comedy about the seven-year itch between a husband (Madhavan/Tota Roy Chowdhury) and wife (Konkona Sen Sharma) and how their life turns topsy-turvy with the entry of what seems to be an ordinary pair of antique sunglasses. The film premiered at the 19th Kolkata International Film Festival in 2013.
 Screen Souvenirs is a 1932 American short film. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1932 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 Al Asfour (العصفور The Sparrow) is a 1972 film.
 Marriage Bureau (Swedish: Äktenskapsbyrån) is a 1913 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 Rudy is a 1993 American sports film directed by David Anspaugh. It is an account of the life of Daniel Rudy Ruettiger who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles.
 Amaran is a 1992 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Rajeshwar starring Karthik and Bhanupriya in lead roles. The film produced by K. Rajeswar had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 15 January 1992. The film bombed at the box office.
 Back to Back also known as American Yakuza 2 and Back to Back: American Yakuza 2 is a 1996 American action film directed by Roger Nygard and written by Nygard and Scott Nimerfro (who is credited under the name Lloyd Keith). The film was produced by W.K. Border Thomas Calabrese Takashige Ichise Aki Komine Michael Leahy and Joel Soisson. It stars Michael Rooker Ryo Ishibashi and Danielle Harris. It is a sequel to the 1993 film American Yakuza.
 Mean Johnny Barrows is a 1976 film. It stars Fred Williamson who also directed the film; Elliott Gould; James Brown (not the singer); and Roddy McDowall also star.
 My Best Friend's Girlfriend is a 2008 Filipino romantic comedy film released in 2008 under GMA Films and Regal Films.The movie opened in the Philippines on February 13 2008 starring Richard Gutierrez and Marian Rivera.
 Omagh is a film dramatising the events surrounding the Omagh bombing and its aftermath co-produced by Irish state broadcaster RTÉ and UK network Channel 4 and directed by Pete Travis. It was first shown on television in both countries in June 2004.Michael Gallagher whose son Aidan (Paul Kelly) was killed in the bombing is played by Gerard McSorley originally from Omagh.
 Bumboo is a 2012 Bollywood film. Bumboo is based on an original story L'emmerdeur written by Francis Veber.
 Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is an American flash animated semi-canonical comedy film based on the Adult Swim animated series Aqua Teen Hunger Force. The film was written and directed by the show's creators Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis and was released on April 13 2007 by First Look Pictures. The film's poster was illustrated by Julie Bell and Boris Vallejo and parodies the King of the Mountain design.
 Raven's End (Swedish: Kvarteret Korpen) is a 1963 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg about an aspiring working-class writer in Malmö. The story bears some similarities to Widerberg's own background although he claimed it to be entirely fictional.
 Guilty Pleasures is a 2009 Nigerian drama film directed by Desmond Elliot & Daniel Ademinokan and starring Ramsey Noah Majid Michel & Nse Ikpe Etim. It got a Best Screenplay nomination at the 6th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 Hi-Tops is a 1985 Christian movie musical about the lives of several high school students and a trio of angels who are sent to Earth to experience and study peer pressure. The film was originally a successful stage production that toured nationally.The name of the musical and of the eponymous band that figures in the plot is derived from the high-top style of shoes popular among youth in the mid-1980s.
 Narradores de Javé (The Storytellers) is a 2003 Brazilian film by Eliane Caffé.
 The Radio Detective is a 1926 American adventure film serial directed by William James Craft and William A. Crinley and released by Universal Pictures. The film is considered to be lost.
 Missing is a 1982 American drama film directed by Costa-Gavras starring Jack Lemmon Sissy Spacek Melanie Mayron John Shea and Charles Cioffi.
 The Devil is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Biter Bit is an 1899 British short black-and-white silent comedy film produced by the Bamforth Company featuring a boy playing a practical joke on a gardener by grasping his hose to stop the water flow and then letting go again when the gardener looks down it to check.
 Innocent Bystanders is a 1972 spy thriller directed by Peter Collinson that was filmed in Spain and Turkey. It stars Stanley Baker and Geraldine Chaplin. The screenplay was written by James Mitchell based on his 1969 novel of the same name. Mitchell had previously written several John Craig spy thrillers under the name James Munro.
 Faces of Death VI is a 1996 direct-to-video compilation of the highlights of the earlier films in the Faces of Death series. It features many of the same scenes shown in Faces of Death 1 and 4 as well as the earlier compilation Faces of Death V. It begins without any opening credits before recycling (for the third time) the sequence from Faces of Death involving the killing of a monkey which is then prepared and served to patrons of a gourmet restaurant.
 Edipo Alcalde (English: Oedipus Mayor) is a 1996 Colombian film directed by Jorge Alí Triana (es). Set in strife-ridden 20th-century Colombia the film is a modern-day interpretation of Sophocles' classical Greek tragedy: Oedipus Rex.
 The Wise Guy is a 1926 silent film crime drama produced and directed by Frank Lloyd and distributed through First National Pictures. Jules Furthman provided a screen story with scenario by Adela Rogers St. Johns. Mary Astor James Kirkwood and Betty Compson star.Previously considered lost the film is preserved at National Archives of Canada.
 Hitler: The Rise of Evil is a Canadian TV miniseries in two parts directed by Christian Duguay and produced by Alliance Atlantis. It explores Adolf Hitler's rise and his early consolidation of power during the years after World War I and focuses on how the embittered politically fragmented and economically buffeted state of German society following the war made that ascent possible. The film also focuses on Ernst Hanfstaengl's influence on Hitler's rise to power.
 The Savages is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Tamara Jenkins. It stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Pretty Baby is a 1950 comedy film starring Dennis Morgan Betsy Drake Zachary Scott and Edmund Gwenn. A young woman's little white lie leads to unforeseen complications. Cary Grant aggressively promoted Betsy Drake his wife to Jack Warner for the lead in Pretty Baby.
 Mahamantri Timmarusu (Telugu: మహామంత్రి తిమ్మరుసు) is a 1962 Telugu historical film directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. Versatile character actor Gummadi Venkateswara Rao played the key role while N.T. Rama Rao the role of Krishnadevaraya.
 Captain Khorshid (Persian: ناخدا خورشید Nakhoda Khorshid‎) is a 1987 Iranian film written and directed by Nasser Taghvai. It is based on Ernest Hemingway's 1937 novel To Have and Have Not but it moves the setting from Cuba to the south of Iran and the shores of the Persian Gulf all the events of the film are nationalized.It is considered one of the greatest Iranian movies by critics.
 WarGames: The Dead Code is a 2008 sequel to the 1983 thriller film WarGames. It was written by Randall M. Badat and Rob Kerchner and was directed by Stuart Gillard. Production began on November 20 2006 in Montreal and the film was released on DVD on July 29 2008. According to MGM's original press release the film is budgeted as one in a series of direct-to-DVD sequels.
 Breaking the Silence (simplified Chinese: 漂亮妈妈; traditional Chinese: 漂亮媽媽; pinyin: Piāoliàng māma; literally pretty mother) is a 2000 Chinese film directed by Sun Zhou. It was China's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.Breaking the Silence stars the internationally known Gong Li as a single mother who struggles to raise her deaf child.
 Don't Look Back (French: Ne te retourne pas) is a 2009 French thriller film directed by Marina de Van and starring Sophie Marceau and Monica Bellucci. Written by Jacques Akchoti and Marina de Van the film is about a wife and mother of two children who suddenly notices changes to the way the family home is arranged and feels that her body is transforming without anyone around her noticing it.
 Passionless Moments is a 1983 short Australian drama film written and directed by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 La comunidad (UK title: Common Wealth) is a 2000 Spanish black comedy film directed by Álex de la Iglesia.
 W la foca is a 1982 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero.
 Cell Phone (simplified Chinese: 手机; traditional Chinese: 手機; pinyin: shŏujī) is an award-winning Chinese comedy-drama film directed by Feng Xiaogang and starring Ge You Zhang Guoli Xu Fan and Fan Bingbing. It was first released on 18 December 2003 in Mainland China and was subsequently screened at the Cleveland International Film Festival on 18 March 2005.
 Cody of the Pony Express (1950) is the 42nd serial released by Columbia Pictures.
 Black Seed (Macedonian: Црно семе translit. Crno seme) is a 1971 Macedonian drama film directed Kiril Cenevski. The film was selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 44th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.The film recounts the story of Macedonian soldiers in the Greek army being transported to prison camps on Greek islands.
 Victoria L (Norwegian: Leve sitt liv) is a 1982 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Vennerød and Svend Wam. The film was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Gopi Kishan is 1994 Hindi Movie directed by Mukesh Duggal and starring Suniel Shetty in a double role supported by Shilpa Shirodkar and Karishma Kapoor. Other cast include Suresh Oberoi Aruna Irani Mohan Joshi Shammi Satyendra Kagoor Mushtaq Khan. The film is the remake of K. Bhagyaraj's hit Tamil film Avasara Police 100.
 Zone Troopers is an American 1985 science fiction film directed by Danny Bilson and starring Tim Thomerson. The original music score was composed by Richard Band.
 Christmas Under Fire is a 1941 British short documentary film directed by Harry Watt for the Crown Film Unit of the Ministry of Information. It was conceived as propaganda primarily for an American audience to raise support for the Allied cause during the Second World War.
 The Man Without a Body is a low budget 1957 British horror film directed by Charles Saunders and W. Lee Wilder and starring Robert Hutton George Coulouris and Julia Arnall. A wealthy man pays a surgeon to replace his brain with that of Nostradamus. It is also known as Curse of Nostradamus.
 Rose Guitarinaal (Malayalam: റോസ് ഗിറ്റാറിനാല്‍) is a 2013 Indian romantic musical written and directed by Ranjan Pramod. It was produced by Maha Subair under the banner of Varnachitra Big Screen in association with Colour Pencil Films. The movie was released on March 1 in Kerala.Rose Guitarinaal received very negative reviews at the movie website nowrunning.com.
 Monsters Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Pete Docter produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was co-directed by Lee Unkrich and David Silverman and stars the voices of John Goodman Billy Crystal Steve Buscemi James Coburn and Jennifer Tilly.The film centers on two monsters employed at the titular Monsters Inc.: top scarer James P.
 Repast (めし Meshi) is a 1951 film by Mikio Naruse starring Setsuko Hara. It is set in postwar Osaka and it is about a woman who has moved from Tokyo (her father is a well-known professor) to settle down with her husband. Her salaryman husband ignores her. She is slowly being worn down by domestic drudgery. Matters come to a head when her pretty niece comes to stay and the husband begins to flirt with her.
 Ontrouw is a 1911 Dutch silent drama film directed by Louis Chrispijn Jr..
 The Play is a 2013 bengali murder mystery thriller film written and directed by Ranjay Ray Choudhury. The film features Rajesh Sharma Indrasish Roy Mumtaz Sorcar in the lead roles.The film revolves around a theatre group where the entire theatre group gets devastated by a series of murders.The filming began on December 2012 and was wrapped up by January 2013. The film was released on December 6 2013.
 My Man Adam is a 1985 film co-written and directed by Roger L. Simon.
 Siesta is a 1987 film directed by Mary Lambert and starring Ellen Barkin Gabriel Byrne and Jodie Foster. It also stars Martin Sheen Isabella Rossellini Grace Jones Julian Sands and Alexei Sayle.The screenplay was written by Patricia Louisianna Knop based on a novel by Patrice Chaplin. The film was shot on location in Spain released by Lorimar Motion Pictures and debuted in New York City on November 11 1987. The film's themes are sex and death.
 Tenderloin (1928) is a part-talkie crime film directed by Michael Curtiz starring Dolores Costello. It had some talking sequences but was also silent with music and effects. It was produced and released by Warner Brothers. Tenderloin is considered a lost film with no prints currently known to exist. This film was a precursor of things to come at Warner Brothers in the Depression 30s.
 Pulp is a British comedy film directed by Adam Hamdy and Shaun Magher starring Jay Sutherland and John Thomson On March 2013 it was released exclusively on Xbox Live becoming the first feature film to be distributed via a games console platform.
 Concorde Affaire '79 (1979) (Italian: Affare Concorde) also known as The Concorde Affair is an Italian action thriller directed by Ruggero Deodato and was written by Ernesto Gastaldi and Renzo Genta.
 Véronique et son cancre (Veronique and Her Dunce) is a short comedy film by Éric Rohmer which he directed before his series of Six Moral Tales (Contes moraux).
 Dead Letter Office is a 1997 Australian film starring Miranda Otto. It was shot in May and June 1997.
 The Diary of Sacco and Vanzetti is an 2004 American docudrama written and directed by David Rothauser about the trial of Sacco and Vanzetti and an account of Vanzetti's life from the moment of his arrival as an immigrant in the United States to the events leading to his execution. Rothauser performs in his film in the role of Bartolomeo Vanzetti.
 Shogun's Samurai (柳生一族の陰謀 Yagyū Ichizoku no Inbō) also known as The Yagyu Clan Conspiracy and Intrigue of the Yagyu Clan is a 1978 Japanese historical martial arts period film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The film is the first of two period films by Fukasaku starring Shinichi Sonny Chiba as Jūbei Mitsuyoshi Yagyū the other being Samurai Reincarnation.
 The Rabbit Trap is a 1959 American drama film directed by Philip Leacock.
 Lanka Dahan (English: Lanka Aflame) is a 1917 Indian silent film directed by Dhundiraj Govind Phalke (Dadasaheb Phalke). Phalke also wrote the film based on an episode of the Hindu epic Ramayana credited to Valmiki. The film was Phalke's second feature film after the 1913 Raja Harishchandra which was the first Indian full-length feature film.
 Six Cylinder Love is a 1931 comedy film starring Spencer Tracy and Edward Everett Horton and directed by Thornton Freeland. It was produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and is a remake of their 1923 original. Both films are based on the 1921 Broadway play.
 The Mexico Trilogy or Mariachi Trilogy (also Desperado Trilogy on some DVD releases) is a series of films— El Mariachi Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico—all written produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez beginning in 1992 and ending in 2003 and distributed by Columbia Tristar. The films tell the continuing story of the movies' main character El Mariachi.
 Old Heidelberg (German: Alt Heidelberg) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Hans Behrendt and starring Paul Hartmann Eva May and Werner Krauss. It was based on the 1901 play of the same name by Wilhelm Meyer-Förster.
 Deadbeat at Dawn is a low-budget film written and directed by Jim Van Bebber and starring Paul Harper Megan Murphy and Marc Pitman. The film depicts a street gang leader setting out for revenge against a rival street gang.
 Chatur Singh Two Star is a 2011 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Ajay Chandhok starring Sanjay Dutt Ameesha Patel and Suresh Menon in the lead roles. Produced by Mohammad Aslam and Parag Sanghvi. It was released on 19 August 2011. The film is based on the novel Chalaak Jasoos.The film was a critical and commercial failure as it received negative reception from both critics and cinema-goers.
 Komodo is a 1999 thriller / science fiction film directed by Michael Lantieri.
 Bogus is a 1996 American fantasy film directed by Norman Jewison written by Alvin Sargent and starring Whoopi Goldberg Gérard Depardieu and Haley Joel Osment. It features magic tricks with magician Whit Haydn as consultant. It did poorly at the box office and Goldberg was nominated for a Razzie Award for her performance. It was filmed in Canada and New Jersey.
 The Hidden Jungle is an American children’s adventure film directed by Steve McCurdy written and produced by Warren Chaney and released in 1990. The film stars Chuck Stockdale Damon Merrill Charles Charpiot Lesley Chaney and Dennis Frost Jr. The Executive Producer was Beverly Wilson and the film’s production company was Sandpiper Pictures. It was filmed on location in Mozambique and at the Y.O.
 The Last Frontier is a 12-chapter serial distributed by RKO Radio Pictures in 1932. The serial starred Lon Chaney Jr. as the Zorro-esque hero The Black Ghost. Dorothy Gulliver was the leading female star. The total running time of the serial is 213 minutes.
 The Disappearance is a 1977 British-Canadian thriller film directed by Stuart Cooper and starring Donald Sutherland Francine Racette and David Hemmings. It is based on the novel Echoes of Celandine by Derek Marlowe.
 Eyes of Laura Mars is a 1978 thriller film starring Faye Dunaway and Tommy Lee Jones and directed by Irvin Kershner.
 The Irony of Fate 2 or The Irony of Fate: Continuation (Russian: Ирония Судьбы. Продолжение; Ironiya sud’by. Prodolzheniye) is a 2007 Russian romantic comedy film directed by Timur Bekmambetov based on a screenplay by Alexey Slapovskiy produced by Channel One and released by Mosfilm.
 No Limit is a 1931 comedy film starring Clara Bow Norman Foster Stuart Erwin Thelma Todd Dixie Lee and Mischa Auer.
 We Bought a Zoo is a 2011 comedy-drama/family film based on the 2008 memoir of the same name by Benjamin Mee. The film is directed by Cameron Crowe and stars Matt Damon as the lead character. It tells the story of Mee and his family who purchase a dilapidated zoo and take on the challenge of preparing the zoo for its reopening to the public.We Bought a Zoo was released in the United States on December 23 2011.
 The Major (Russian: Майор' translit. Mayor) is a 2013 Russian action film written directed and starring Yuri Bykov. It was first screened as part of the International Critics' Week at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Mountain Strawberries 5 (산딸기 5 - Sanddalgi 5) also known as Wild Strawberries 5 is a 1992 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong. It was the fifth entry in the Mountain Strawberries series.
 Phoebe in Wonderland is a 2008 independent film directed by Daniel Barnz.It was screened in the Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on March 6 2009.
 The Office (Polish: Urząd) is a 1966 short film by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski produced while he was a student at the Łódź Film School. The film is included as an extra on the Region 1 and 2 releases of Kieslowski's feature film No End.The film's runtime of 5 minutes consists entirely of interactions at a government office service window with a clerk handling various requests by people seeking state aid.
 Tropical Fish (Chinese: 熱帶魚; pinyin: Rèdài Yú; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Jia̍t-tài Hî) is a 1995 Taiwanese comedy-drama film written and directed by Chen Yu-hsun. It is an example of New Taiwanese Cinema.
 Eve's Leaves is a 1926 silent film starring Leatrice Joy and William Boyd. The film was produced and distributed by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by Paul Sloane.
 Three Sinners is a 1928 silent film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Pola Negri and co-starring Warner Baxter Olga Baclanova and Paul Lukas. The film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play Das Zweite Leben (or The Second Life) by Rudolf Bernauer and Rudolf Osterreicher. Director Lee also served as executive producer. A sound remake followed in 1931 with Ruth Chatterton titled Once a Lady. Three Sinners is a lost film.
 The Squeaker is a 1937 British crime film directed by William K. Howard and starring Edmund Lowe Sebastian Shaw and Ann Todd. It is based on the novel The Squeaker by Edgar Wallace. It is sometimes known by the alternative title Murder on Diamond Row.
 Aicha è tornata is a 2011 Italian documentary film by Juan Martin Baigorria Lisa Tormena and Gaia Vianello.
 The Mayor of Hell (1933) is a Warner Brothers film starring James Cagney. The film was remade in 1938 as Crime School with Humphrey Bogart taking over James Cagney's role and Hell's Kitchen with Ronald Reagan in 1939.
 The Fifty-Fifty Girl is a lost 1928 American silent film comedy starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Clarence Badger.
 The Story Of Luke is a 2012 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Alonso Mayo. It is Mayo's first feature-length film and tells the story of Luke a young man with autism who embarks on a quest for a job and a girlfriend. It stars Lou Taylor Pucci Seth Green Cary Elwes and Kristin Bauer.
 Jeene Nahi Doonga is a 1984 Bollywood film directed by Rajkumar Kohli and starring Dharmendra Anita Raj and Shatrughan Sinha. It is a remake of the Pakistani Punjabi film Maula Jatt released in 1979.
 Matira Manisha (Man of the Soil) (Oriya: ମାଟିର ମଣିଷ ) is a 1966 Oriya film from India directed by Mrinal Sen.Based on the novel by Kalindi Charan Panigrahi of the same name the film contrasts traditional and modern values as exemplified by the different attitudes of two brothers towards their inherited family land.
 Poliche is a 1934 French drama film directed by Abel Gance.
 Ten Winters (Italian: Dieci inverni) is a 2009 Italian romance film directed by Valerio Mieli. It is based on the novel with the same title written by Mieli himself. The film premiered at the 2009 Venice Film Festival. For this film Mieli won the David di Donatello for Best New Director and the Nastro d'Argento in the same category.
 Underworld: Evolution is a 2006 action-vampire film directed by Len Wiseman. It is the second (chronologically the third) installment in the Underworld series following Underworld in 2003. The events of the film begin during the same night of the first film's finale. In the film Selene and Michael fight to protect the future of the Corvinus bloodline from its hidden past.
 Where Soldiers Come From is a 2011 American documentary film directed by Heather Courtney. The film is an intimate look at the young men who fight our wars and the families and town they come from.
 Kattu Thulasi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Little Toys (Chinese: 小玩意; pinyin: Xiáo wǎnyì) is a 1933 silent film directed by filmmaker Sun Yu. It is one of two films Sun Yu directed in 1933 (the other being Daybreak). The film stars popular Chinese actress Ruan Lingyu and was produced by the leftist film production company Lianhua Film Company.Today the film enjoys a positive reputation and was named one of the hundred best Chinese films by the Hong Kong Film Awards in 2005.
 Games for Parents and Other Children is a 1975 Australian TV movie.
 Gendernauts: A Journey Through Shifting Identities is a 1999 film by Monika Treut featuring Sandy Stone Texas Tomboy and Susan Stryker. It shows us a group of artists in San Francisco who live between the poles of conventional gender identities.
 The Scarlet Hour is a 1956 American crime drama film directed and produced by Michael Curtiz. The film stars Carol Ohmart Tom Tryon and Jody Lawrance. The screenplay was based on the story The Kiss Off by Frank Tashlin.
 Blue Blood is an extant 1925 silent film produced and distributed by Chadwick Pictures and starring George Walsh. Scott R. Dunlap directed.
 Padre nuestro is a 1985 Spanish drama film directed by Francisco Regueiro. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 31 North 62 East is an independent psychological thriller film released in September 2009. The title refers to a position in south-western Afghanistan near the Iranian border.It was written by brothers Leofwine Loraine and Tristan Loraine with the first draft of the screen play being completed on 2 May 2008. Principal photography commenced on 21 July 2008 with Tristan Loraine as director and producer. The film cast includes John Rhys-Davies Marina Sirtis Heather Peace and Craig Fairbrass.
 A Very Special Love is a 2008 Filipino comedy romance film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring John Lloyd Cruz and Sarah Geronimo. This movie was directed by Cathy Garcia Molina and had received an “A” rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board.The film was released on the 30th day of July 2008 and ran for eight weeks on cinemas in the Philippines.
 Kill Speed is a 2010 action film directed by Kim Bass starring Andrew Keegan Brandon Quinn Nick Carter Natalia Cigliuti and Greg Grunberg.
 Entourage is an upcoming comedy-drama film that serves as a continuation of the HBO TV series of the same name. It stars the principal cast of the show including Kevin Connolly Adrian Grenier Kevin Dillon Jerry Ferrara and Jeremy Piven. The film is scheduled to be released on June 12 2015.
 Blue Thunder is a 1983 action thriller film that features a high-tech helicopter of the same name. The movie was directed by John Badham and stars Roy Scheider. A spin-off television series also called Blue Thunder lasted 11 episodes in 1984.
 Vegas Vacation is a 1997 comedy film directed by Stephen Kessler. It is the fourth and final installment in National Lampoon's Vacation film series and was written by Elisa Bell based on a story by Bell and Bob Ducsay. The film stars Chevy Chase Beverly D'Angelo and Randy Quaid with Ethan Embry and Marisol Nichols as Griswold children Rusty and Audrey. The film opened at #4 at the box office and grossed over $36.4 million domestically.
 Pantyhose Hero also known as Pantyhose Killer is a 1990 Hong Kong action crime comedy film produced by and directed by Sammo Hung. Film stars Hung and Alan Tam.
 Redline is a 2007 American action film starring an ensemble cast. The film's plot is centered on a street racing circle funded by a group of multimillionaires who wage millions of dollars over their high-powered supercars. It was written and produced by Daniel Sadek who also used his own automobile collection in the film. The film title was borrowed from the original working title of the 2001 movie The Fast and the Furious.
 Tale of Tales (Russian: Сказка сказок Skazka skazok) is a 1979 Soviet/Russian animated film directed by Yuriy Norshteyn and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow. It has won numerous awards has been acclaimed by critics and other animators and has received the title of greatest animated film of all time in various polls. It has been the subject of a 2005 book by Clare Kitson titled Yuri Norstein and Tale of Tales: An Animator's Journey.
 Dementia is an upcoming horror film that will be directed by Perci Intalan and will be his directorial debut. The movie will star Nora Aunor and filming is expected to commence in March 2014 in Batanes. Dementia's story surrounds the character of Mara a woman faced with both dementia and strange occurrences in her ancestral home. The movie's theme of dementia stems from the director's experiences with his mother who had Alzheimer's Disease.
 Madame Bovary is a 1991 French film directed by Claude Chabrol and based on the novel Madame Bovary by the 19th century French author Gustave Flaubert. It was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film as well as for the Academy Award for Costume Design. It was also entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival where Isabelle Huppert won the award for Best Actress.
 Evening is a 2007 American drama film directed by Lajos Koltai. The screenplay by Susan Minot and Michael Cunningham is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Susan Minot.
 Kottonmouth Kings: Dopeumentary is a 2001 documentary DVD starring the Kottonmouth Kings distributed by Suburban Noize Records which was directed and produced by Bill Wadsworth and Kevin Zinger released on May 8 2001.The DVD documents the making of the songs and albums by generally on the albums Royal Highness and Hidden Stash.
 Journey to the Beginning of Time (Czech: Cesta do Pravěku literally Trip into prehistory) is a 1955 Czechoslovak children's science fiction feature film directed by Karel Zeman. Produced using a combination of 2-D and 3-D models it was the first of Zeman's productions to include actors in conjunction with stop-motion and special effects and won awards at the International Film Festivals of Venice and Mannheim.
 The Hand is a 1981 psychological horror film written and directed by Oliver Stone based on the novel The Lizard's Tail by Marc Brandell. The film stars Michael Caine and Andrea Marcovicci. Caine plays Jon Lansdale a comic book artist who loses his hand which in turn takes on a murderous life of its own. The original film score is by James Horner in one of his earliest projects. Warner Bros. released the movie on DVD on September 25 2007.[citation needed]
 Gautam Govinda is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Gautam Verma starring Mithun Chakraborty Aditya Pancholi Rakhi Sawant and Kader Khan. The film was also dubbed into Bengali as Ghat Pratighat
 Chaos Theory is a 2008 comedy-drama film starring Ryan Reynolds Emily Mortimer and Stuart Townsend. The film was directed by Marcos Siega written by Daniel Taplitz and Kathy Gori and was shot in Vancouver Canada.
 U.F.O. (re-titled Alien Uprising in 2013) is a 2012 British science fiction film about an alien invasion written and directed by independent British film-maker Dominic Burns. It stars Bianca Bree Sean Brosnan and Simon Phillips. It marks Burns' third feature-length film as director and his debut as writer-director. U.F.O. was filmed in Derbyshire. The film has no relation to the 1970s TV series of the same name.
 Every Home Should Have One is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Jim Clark and starring Marty Feldman Judy Cornwell Patrick Cargill Penelope Keith and Julie Ege. It was released in the United States in theatres and on home video under the title Think Dirty.
 Ciguli Miguli is a 1952 Yugoslav political satire film directed by Branko Marjanović and written by Joža Horvat. It was meant to be the first satirical film of the post-World War II Yugoslav cinema but its sharp criticism of bureaucracy was politically condemned by the authorities and the film was banned as anti-socialist.
 Main street (Spanish: Calle Mayor) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. It features a French-Spanish cast led by the American actress Betsy Blair who was dubbed into Spanish as well as the Spanish actor José Suárez. It is based on a Carlos Arniches play titled La señorita de Trévelez. The locations were Palencia Cuenca and Logroño. The film won the FRIPESCI Award at Venice Film Festival and was an international success.
 'Onnum Mindatha Bharya' (Malayalam: ഒന്നും മിണ്ടാത്ത ഭാര്യ) is a 1984 Malayalam film written and directed by Balu Kiriyath and starring Mammootty Sukumaran Balan K. Nair Jalaja Menaka Baby Shalini. The film is a typical tear-buster family-drama of the 1980s of the mammootty-kutty-petty (mammootty-child-briefcase) genre.
 Sailors Don't Care is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Estelle Brody John Stuart and Alf Goddard. It is based on a novel by Austin Small.
 Jeevan Ek Sanghursh (Hindi: जीवन एक संघुर्ष) is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Rawail and produced by D. Rama Naidu. It stars Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in pivotal roles.
 The Most Hated Family in America is a 2007 BBC documentary film written and presented by Louis Theroux about the family at the core of the Westboro Baptist Church. The organization is led by Fred Phelps and located in Topeka Kansas. Westboro Baptist Church members believe that the United States government is immoral due to its tolerance of homosexuality; in addition they protest at funerals of U.S.
 Jeannie (also known as Girl in Distress) is a 1941 British romantic comedy film directed by Harold French.
 Genius is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Rod Daniel.
 Sword of Sherwood Forest is a 1960 British adventure film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Film Productions. Richard Greene reprises the role of Robin Hood which he played in The Adventures of Robin Hood on TV from 1955 to 1960.
 Kaalo is a Hindi horror film directed by Wilson Louis and produced by Yash Patnaik Mamta Patnaik and Dhaval Gada. The film was released on 17 December 2010 under the Beyond Dreams Entertainment Ltd. banner. It Is loosely based on the 1990 American science fiction horror comedy film Tremors & Jeepers Creepers 2.
 The Sword of Many Lovers also known as Sword of Many Loves is a 1993 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel Other Tales of the Flying Fox. The film was produced by Golden Harvest and directed by Poon Man-kit.
 A sablazo limpio (English: A Quick Saber Slash) is a 1958 Mexican historical-comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine as the double act Viruta y Capulina and Lucho Gatica with Carmela Rey.
 Minotaur is a 2006 horror film directed by Jonathan English. It stars Tom Hardy Tony Todd Ingrid Pitt and Rutger Hauer. It was filmed in Luxembourg.
 Money-Driven Medicine is a 2009 documentary film that offers a behind the scenes look at the American healthcare system. The 86 minute documentary explores the economics underlying and often undermining the $2.6 trillion US healthcare system.
 Badnami is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 The Time Machine is a 1978 American television film produced by Sunn Classic Pictures as a part of their Classics Illustrated series. Despite updating the plot to take place in the late 1970s the film which starred John Beck and Priscilla Barnes was intended to be a more faithful plot recreation of the original novel by H.G. Wells—as opposed to the 1960 film adaptation which took several liberties. The film aired during the November Sweeps on NBC.
 Daas is a 2011 Polish film written and directed by Adrian Panek and starring Andrzej Chyra Mariusz Bonaszewski and Olgierd Łukaszewicz. This is Panek's first feature work.Film is a period drama that depicts timeless struggle between religion and secular authority idealism and duplicity eroticism and faith.Daas explores the influence of 18th-century messiah claimant Jacob Frank (an authentic figure played by Olgierd Łukaszewicz).
 Jeevitham (Telugu: జీవితం; English: Life) is a 1950 Black-and-white Telugu social guidance film produced and directed by A.V. Meiyappan with his company AVM Productions. The film starred Vyjayanthimala in Telugu cinema debut with S. Varalakshmi T. R. Ramachandran and C. H. Narayana Rao forms an ensemble cast with many actors appearing in other significant role.
 Down and Out in America is a 1986 Academy Award-winning documentary film that critiques Reaganomics by showing examples of poverty in the United States. It won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature tying with Artie Shaw: Time Is All You've Got.
 Ramaa: The Saviour is a 2010 Bollywood fantasy action adventure film film produced by Paul London written by Reshu Nath and directed by Hadi Ali Abrar. The film stars Sahil Khan and Tanushree Dutta and features the WWE wrestler The Great Khali in his second Indian movie after Kushti.
 Whisper is a 2007 horror film directed by Stewart Hendler and written by Christopher Borrelli. The film revolves around the kidnapping of a young boy David who is more than he appears and brings unexpected troubles for his kidnappers.
 Matrimony Blues was a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff. The film starred Lige Conley Mildred June and Spencer Bell.
 His Last Twelve Hours (Italian: È più facile che un cammello...) is a 1951 drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Jean Gabin.
 Penny Paradise is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed and starring Edmund Gwenn Betty Driver and Jimmy O'Dea. It was made at Ealing Studios. It was an early directorial assignment for Reed and along with many other British productions of the era such as the same year's better-known Reed-directed Bank Holiday is described as: ...belonging to a wider studio tradition of modest representation of ordinary British life.
 The Fatherless (German: Die Vaterlosen) is a 2011 Austrian drama film written and directed by Marie Kreutzer. It is Kreutzer's debut film and it won a Special Mention at the 2011 Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tommy and Quadrophenia Live is a 3-disc DVD box set that includes performances by The Who from their 1989 (the Tommy portion) and 1996-1997 tours (the Quadrophenia portion). Whilst the Tommy part of the set had been already released on VHS material from the Quadrophenia Tour had not been commercially available previously. Both sets present a heavily augmented backing band supporting Roger Daltrey (vocals) Pete Townshend (guitar piano and vocals) and John Entwistle (bass guitars and vocals).
 Teri Payal Mere Geet is a Hindi movie produced by Prem Lalwani; starring Govinda (actor) and Meenakshi Sheshadri. The movie was directed by Rehman Naushad and was released in 1993.
 Maharani Minaldevi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 National Lampoon's TV: The Movie is a comedy film that was released in 2007 and features some of the actors from the TV show Jackass.
 Bob the Butler is a 2005 family comedy film about Bob Tree (Tom Green) who decides to get a job as a butler after going through many other jobs.
 Idle Hands is a 1999 horror comedy film directed by Rodman Flender written by Terri Hughes and Ron Milbauer and starring Devon Sawa Seth Green Elden Henson Jessica Alba and Vivica A. Fox. The main plot follows the life of an average lazy stoner teenager Anton Tobias (portrayed by Sawa) whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree even after being cut off from his arm.
 Sex Positive is a 2008 documentary film directed by Daryl Wein about Richard Berkowitz.
 L'altra faccia del padrino (internationally released as The Funny Face of the Godfather) is an Italian parody film directed by Franco Prosperi. It spoofs the Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather.
 Born in 68 (original French title: Nés en 68) is a 2008 drama film directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau.
 A Walk with Love and Death is a 1969 romantic/drama film directed by John Huston.
 All Over Me is a 1997 drama film directed by Alex Sichel and written by her sister Sylvia Sichel. Alex Sichel received a grant from the Princess Grace Foundation to make a film about the riot grrrl music scene and then asked her sister to collaborate with her.The soundtrack featured musicians and bands such as Ani DiFranco Sleater-Kinney Babes in Toyland and many more.
 Kalyana Rasi is a 1990 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K.Sivaprasad and produced by Thirumal.S.Ganesh. It stars Karthik Muthuraman and Ranjini in the lead roles.
 Farinelli is a 1994 biographical film about the life and career of the 18th-century Italian opera singer Carlo Broschi known as Farinelli considered the greatest castrato singer of all time.
 Una Bala es mi testigo (A Bullet is my Witness) is a 1960 Mexican Western film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Lisbon is a 1956 American crime film produced and directed by Ray Milland and starring Milland Maureen O'Hara Claude Rains Edward Chapman and Jay Novello. An American smuggler based in Lisbon is hired to rescue a wealthy industrialist from behind the Iron Curtain.The film was shot on location in Lisbon Portugal in Trucolor and Naturama for Republic Pictures. Nelson Riddle's score included a version of Lisbon Antigua that had been a top charting song prior to the film's release.
 Adventures of Don Juan known in the United Kingdom as The New Adventures of Don Juan is a 1948 American adventure Technicolor romance film made by Warner Bros. It was directed by Vincent Sherman and produced by Jerry Wald from a screenplay by George Oppenheimer and Harry Kurnitz based on a story by Herbert Dalmas with uncredited contributions by William Faulkner and Robert Florey.The film stars Errol Flynn and Viveca Lindfors with Robert Douglas Alan Hale Ann Rutherford and Robert Warwick.
 Edge of Sanity is a 1989 British horror film directed by Gérard Kikoïne and starring Anthony Perkins that is a portrayal of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde with aspects of Jack the Ripper.
 Apache Rose is a 1947 American film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers. It was the first Roy Rogers Western shot in the Trucolor process though most copies on DVD are in monochrome.
 Tonight or Never (French: Ce soir ou jamais) is a 1961 French comedy film directed by Michel Deville and starring Anna Karina.
 Forever Love is a 1998 television film partially based on Anne Shapiro's awakening starring Reba McEntire and Bess Armstrong.
 Remains to Be Seen is a 1953 comedy film directed by Don Weis.
 Roy is an upcoming Bollywood romantic action thriller film directed by debutante Vikramjit Singh and produced by Bhushan KumarKrishan KumarDivya Khosla Kumar & Freeway Pictures and Co-produced by Ajay Kapoor. The film will feature Ranbir Kapoor Jacqueline Fernandez and Arjun Rampal in lead roles. The film's initial release date June 20 2014 has been delayed to early 2015.
 Spin is a 2003 American drama-genre film starring Ryan Merriman Stanley Tucci Dana Delany Paula Garcés and Rubén Blades. It was released at the Cannes Film Market 17 May 2004 and was limited released in the United States 15 October 2004. Spin was adapted from a novel by Donald Everett Axinn.Film won two awards Heartland Film Festival in 2003.
 Koryo Celadon is a 1979 American short documentary film directed by Paul Raimondi about Goryeo dynasty pottery. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Death by Hanging (絞死刑 Kōshikei) is a 1968 Japanese film directed by Nagisa Oshima starring Do-yun Yu. It was acclaimed for its innovative Brechtian techniques and complex treatments of guilt and consciousness justice and the persecution of ethnic Koreans in Japan.
 Seven of Spades (Hungarian: Makkhetes) is a 1916 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Grand Heist (Hangul: 바람과 함께 사라지다; RR: Baramgwa Hamjje Sarajida; lit. Gone With the Wind) is a 2012 South Korean historical comedy film about a gang of 11 thieves who try to steal ice blocks from the royal storage Seobingo during the last years of the Joseon era. It was released on August 8 2012.
 Vient de paraître (French: Vient de paraître) is a French film from 1949 directed by Jacques Houssin written by Michel Duran and starring by Pierre Fresnay. The film also features Louis de Funès.
 Demasiado jóvenes is a 1958 Argentine film.
 The Mystery of Edwin Drood is a 2012 British television adaptation of the unfinished novel by Charles Dickens adapted with a new ending by Gwyneth Hughes produced by Lisa Osborne and directed by Diarmuid Lawrence. It was aired in the United Kingdom on BBC2 as two one-hour parts on 10 and 11 January 2012 in the United States as a single two-hour film on PBS on 15 April 2012 and in Australia on ABC1 on 2 January 2013.
 Qurbani Rang Layegi is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj N. Sippy and produced by K.K. Talwar. It stars Sanjay Dutt Poonam Dhillon and Padmini Kolhapure in pivotal roles.
 The Trey o' Hearts is a 1914 action film serial directed by Wilfred Lucas and Henry MacRae. It was based on the novel of the same name by Louis Joseph Vance. This film is currently considered to be lost.
 The Tale of Zatoichi (Japanese: 座頭市物語 Zatōichi monogatari) directed by Kenji Misumi is the first film of a classic Japanese samurai drama saga starring Shintaro Katsu as Zatoichi a character created by Kan Shimozawa.
 Entre abogados te veas (Among Lawyers I See You) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Chase Step by Step (Bu bu zhui zong) is a 1974 Taiwanese film directed by Yu Min Sheong.The film is also known as Bu bu zhui sha in Hong Kong (Mandarin title).[citation needed]
 Acolytes is a 2008 Australian horror thriller film about three teenagers and their sudden involvement with murder and violence over the course of a dangerous week. It won awards at film festivals in Austin and Melbourne including a tie for the Best Film of 2008 award at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival. The film holds a 75% fresh rating with Rotten Tomatoes.
 Il merlo maschio (The Male Blackbird) known in United Kingdom as The Naked Cello or Secret Fantasy in USA is an Italian motion picture filmed in 1971 by director Pasquale Festa Campanile.
 Scalps is a 1983 American horror film directed by Fred Olen Ray that revolves around a vengeful Native American spirit.
 A Rowboat Romance is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Phffft is a 1954 black-and-white romantic comedy film starring Judy Holliday Jack Lemmon and Jack Carson and features Kim Novak in a small but notable role. The picture was written by George Axelrod and directed by Mark Robson and was the second film starring Holliday and Lemmon that year after It Should Happen to You.
 Dunderklumpen! is a 1974 Swedish family film directed by Per Åhlin which combines animation and live action. The story involves several musical numbers. It was released on 26 September 1974. At the 11th Guldbagge Awards Åhlin won a Special Achievement award for the film.
 Symphony is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2004.
 Big Stone Gap is an upcoming American drama film directed by Adriana Trigiani and produced by J.E. Craig Donna Gigliotti and James Spies. It stars Patrick Wilson Ashley Judd Jenna Elfman Whoopi Goldberg and Jasmine Guy and is set in the town of Big Stone Gap Virginia.
 Oriundi is a 2000 Brazilian drama film directed by Ricardo Bravo. It stars Anthony Quinn as an Italian of an oriundo family in Brazil. Oriundo is an Italian word used to describe foreign-born Italian nationals especially South Americans of Italian heritage. The film was enterely shot in Curitiba Paraná.
 Love Is in the Air (French: Amour & turbulences) is a 2013 French romantic comedy film directed by Alexandre Castagnetti.
 Wrathful Journey (Bulgarian: Гневно пътуване translit. Gnevno patuvane) is a 1971 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikola Korabov. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mao's Last Dancer is a 2009 Australian biographical film based on ballet dancer Li Cunxin's autobiography of the same name. Li Cunxin is portrayed by Birmingham Royal Ballet Principal Dancer Chi Cao (simplified Chinese: 曹驰; traditional Chinese: 曹馳; pinyin: Cáo Chí) Australian Ballet dancer Chengwu Guo (Chinese: 郭承武; pinyin: Guō Chéngwǔ) and Huang Wen Bin.
 100 Days Before the Command (Russian: Сто дней до приказа translit. Sto dney do prikaza) is a 1990 drama film by Hussein Erkenov.Made in the final months of the Soviet Union the film follows three young Red Army recruits Zyrin Belikov and Elin. The film has no narrative structure and rather than telling a story uses vignettes to show the conditions in which Soviet army recruits lived.
 Esther Waters is a 1948 British drama film directed by Ian Dalrymple and Peter Proud and starring Kathleen Ryan Dirk Bogarde and Cyril Cusack. It is an adaptation of the 1894 novel Esther Waters by George Moore.
 Chaplinesque My Life and Hard Times aka The Eternal Tramp (video title) is a 1972 documentary film directed by Harry Hurwitz. The film was frequently shown on American Public Television.
 Make a Move is an upcoming Nigerian dance musical film produced by Ivie Okujaye and directed by Niyi Akinmolayan starring Ivie Okujaye Tina Mba Beverly Naya Wale Adebayo Victor Godfery Helga Sosthenes and Eno Ekpenyong with Special Appearances from Majid Michel Denrele Edun 2face Idibia and Omawumi Megbele.Make a move tells the story of Osas (Ivie Okujaye) and Eseosa who come from troubled homes.
 The Innocent (Italian: L'innocente) was the last film made by Italian director Luchino Visconti. It was released in 1976. It is based on a novel by Gabriele d'Annunzio.
 Chemmeen (Translation: The Prawn) is a 1965 Malayalam romantic drama film Produced by Babu Ismail Sait based on the highly acclaimed novel of the same name by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai and directed by Ramu Kariat from a screenplay by S. L. Puram Sadanandan.The film tells the story of a pre-marital and later extra marital relationship between Karuthamma the daughter of an ambitious Hindu fisherman and Pareekutty the son of a Muslim trader.
 Paravathi Parameshwarulu is a 1981 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Modern Times Forever (Stora Enso Building Helsinki) is a 2011 film by Danish artists' group Superflex. It is currently the longest film ever made lasting 240 hours (10 days). The film shows centuries of decay compressed into the span of the film marking Helsinki's Stora Enso headquarters building. The film was originally screened in front of the building itself on a 40 square metres (430 sq ft) screen so people could see the original building simultaneously to the one on the screen.
 Constantine is a 2005 American supernatural action-thriller film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine with Rachel Weisz Shia LaBeouf Tilda Swinton and Djimon Hounsou. With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello the film is based on Vertigo Comics' Hellblazer comic book with plot elements taken from the Dangerous Habits story arc (issues #41-46) and the Original Sins trade paperback.
 The Adventures of Captain Zoom in Outer Space is a 1995 science fiction/comedy television film .The film follows the adventures of 1950s actor Ty Farrell (Riordan) who plays the title character in a Captain Video-like early TV program The Adventures of Captain Zoom in Outer Space.
 Unos Pocos con Valor (English: A Few with Courage) is a Honduran film based on the book Los Pájaros de Belén (English: The Birds of Bethlehem) by Mario Berrios released in Honduras on August 20th 2010.
 Love's Kitchen (originally titled No Ordinary Trifle) is a 2011 British romantic comedy film directed by James Hacking and starring Dougray Scott Claire Forlani Michelle Ryan and featured celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay in his first acting role. Hacking also wrote the script for the film and it was the director's first feature length film. It received a limited theatrical release in the UK taking £121 on its opening weekend from five screens.
 Alien Cargo is a 1999 science fiction film starring Jason London Missy Crider Elizabeth Alexander and Alan Dale where the crew of a space cargo transport ship is attacked by a mysterious alien biological life form that manipulates all organic life forms into showing their evil.
 Centurion is a 2010 British action film directed by Neil Marshall loosely based on the legend of the massacre of the Ninth Legion in Caledonia in the early second century AD. The film stars Michael Fassbender Olga Kurylenko Dominic West and Liam Cunningham.
 Opera (also known as Terror at the Opera) is a 1987 Italian giallo horror film written and directed by Dario Argento and starring Cristina Marsillach Urbano Barberini and Ian Charleson. The film's score was composed by Brian Eno and Claudio Simonetti. The film was released in the United States under the title Terror at the Opera. The film was one of Argento's most commercially successful films having 1363912 cinema goers in his native country Italy.
 200 Motels is a 1971 American-British musical surrealist film cowritten and directed by Frank Zappa and Tony Palmer and starring The Mothers of Invention Theodore Bikel and Ringo Starr. The film covers a loose storyline about The Mothers of Invention going crazy in the small town Centerville. A soundtrack album was released in the same year.As of 2009 200 Motels was restored / commented on by Tony Palmer and is currently available on an England-sourced for-retail DVD.
 Decoration Day is a 1990 film based on a novel by John William Corrington of the same title. The award-winning made-for-TV movie was directed by Robert Markowitz and filmed on location in Georgia.
 From Hand to Mouth is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the British Film Institute.
 La Joven casada is a 1975 Argentine film.
 3faltig is a German comedy film directed by Harald Sicheritz. It was released in 2010.
 Voice (Hangul: 여고괴담 4: 목소리; RR: Yeogo goedam 4: Moksori; also known as Whispering Corridors 4: Voice and Voice Letter) is a 2005 South Korean horror film and the fourth installment of the Whispering Corridors film series. This film was the debut film for its three young actresses as well as director Choi Ik-hwan who had served as an assistant director on the first film.It was screened at the 2006 San Francisco Korean American Film Festival.
 Mr. Incredible and Pals is an animated short film produced by Pixar and included as a bonus on the DVD edition of its 2004 feature film The Incredibles. It features the characters of Mr. Incredible and Frozone from the movie plus a cute animal rabbit sidekick named Mister Skipperdoo.The film is produced in a style of limited animation that intentionally parodies the low-budget low-quality TV Saturday morning cartoons that aired regularly during the era of the 1950s and 1960s.
 Life. Support. Music. is a 2008 documentary film and is Eric Daniel Metzgar's second documentary. It premiered at the 2008 Full Frame Documentary Film Festival in Durham North Carolina.
 The Natural is a 1984 film adaptation of Bernard Malamud's 1952 baseball novel of the same name directed by Barry Levinson and starring Robert Redford Glenn Close and Robert Duvall.
 The Sea Wall (French: Un barrage contre le Pacifique) is a 2008 film by Cambodian director Rithy Panh in a French/Cambodian/Belgian co-production. The film opened on 7 January 2009 in France. It was adapted from the 1950 novel The Sea Wall by Marguerite Duras. The novel had previously been adapted as This Angry Age by René Clément in 1958.
 Lingaa is an upcoming Tamil drama film being directed and written by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Rajinikanth Anushka Shetty and Sonakshi Sinha playing lead roles.
 Electric Moon is a 1992 Indian film directed by Pradip Krishen and written by Arundhati Roy.
 Shanghai Shanghai (乱世儿女 aka 'Luan shi er nu' and The Shanghai Encounter) is a 1990 Hong Kong period action film. Set in 1930s Shanghai the film stars Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao
 Chekkaeran Oru Chilla is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Shankar starring Shankar himself along with Bharath Gopi and Nedumudi Venu while Ambika played the leading lady.
 Rosetta is a 1999 French-Belgian film written and directed by the Dardenne brothers. It is about a seventeen-year-old girl (played by Émilie Dequenne) who lives in a trailer park with her alcoholic mother.
 Air Buddies is a 2006 straight-to-DVD comedy film. It is the sixth film in the Air Bud series and the first in the direct-to-video spin-off series Air Buddies which follows the life of a lonely teenager and his dog who has the uncanny ability to play every sport.This movie changes the primary focus of the series from Buddy an adult golden retriever to his puppies.
 Celebration Day is a concert film by the English rock band Led Zeppelin recorded at the Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert on 10 December 2007 in London's O2 Arena. The film was given a limited theatrical run starting on 17 October 2012 and was released on several home audio and video formats on 19 November 2012. The performance the film and album releases have been widely praised.
 Blackbird is a 2007 American film. It was adapted from a play written by Adam Rapp.It played at the Edinburgh Film Festival. It won Best Narrative Feature at the Charlotte Film Festival for writers Adam Rapp and Bruce Romans.
 Beijing Bastards (simplified Chinese: 北京杂种; traditional Chinese: 北京雜种; pinyin: Běijīng Zázhǒng) is a 1993 drama film by sixth generation director Zhang Yuan and is one of the first independently produced Chinese films.
 Parking (simplified Chinese: 停车; traditional Chinese: 停車; pinyin: Tíngchē) is a 2008 Taiwanese movie.
 Onegin is a 1999 British-American romantic drama film based on Alexander Pushkin's novel in verse Eugene Onegin co-produced by British and American companies and shot mostly in the United Kingdom. Onegin is Martha Fiennes' directorial debut and stars her brother Ralph Fiennes in the role of Yevgeni (Eugene) Onegin Liv Tyler as Tatiana Irene Worth as Princess Alina and Toby Stephens as Lensky.
 Face 2 Face is a feature-length documentary directed by Katherine Brooks (Loving Annabelle The Osbournes) who traveled around the US to meet 50 of her Facebook friends she met online. These 50 people were chosen when Brooks posted a status update on her Facebook page that asked who was willing to spend a day with her and she would come to them and film the whole process. At the end of the project 6 out of the 50 stories were edited into a film that was submitted to Sundance.
 Gintama: The Movie: The Final Chapter: Be Forever Yorozuya (劇場版 銀魂 完結篇 万事屋よ永遠なれ Gekijōban Gintama Kanketsu-hen: Yorozuya yo Eien Nare) is a 2013 Japanese animated film produced by Sunrise based on the Gin Tama manga and anime series. It was directed by the director from the anime series Yoichi Fujita and based on a story by Hideaki Sorachi Gin Tama's original author. It stars Tomokazu Sugita Daisuke Sakaguchi Rie Kugimiya among others.
 Nails is a 1979 Canadian short documentary film directed by Phillip Borsos. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short and was named Best Theatrical Short in 1980 at the 1st Genie Awards.The subject of the film was simply the manufacturing process used to make nails.
 Marvellous is a British drama television film that is set to first broadcast on BBC Two. The ninety-minute film directed by Julian Farino and written by Peter Bowker is about the life of Neil Baldwin.
 See No Evil Hear No Evil is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller and produced by Marvin Worth for TriStar Pictures. It stars Richard Pryor as a blind man and Gene Wilder as a deaf man who work together to thwart a trio of murderous thieves.
 Double Duty is a 2009 action-comedy television film starring Mimi Lesseos Tom Sizemore Susan Duerden Alfonso Freeman Karen Black Ismael 'East' Carlo Anthony De Longis and Connie Stevens.
 One Night also known as 38 Witnesses (French: 38 témoins) is a 2012 Belgian-French drama film directed by Lucas Belvaux. It was written by Belvaux based on Didier Decoin's novel Est-ce ainsi que les femmes meurent?. It premiered on January 30 2012 at the International Film Festival Rotterdam. The film was nominated for seven Magritte Awards winning Best Screenplay.
 News from Home is a 1977 documentary film directed by Chantal Akerman. The film consists of long takes of locations in New York City set to Akerman's voice-over as she reads letters her mother sent her between 1971 and 1973 when the director lived in the city.
 Phool Aur Angaar is a 1993 Hindi action film starringMithun Chakraborty Shantipriya and Prem Chopra.
 Kabadi Kabadi is a Tamil comedy film directed and written by Pandiarajan. It was released in 2000. It received positive reviews from critics. This movie was remade in Hindi as Mujhse Shaadi Karogoe staring Salman Khan Priyanka Chopra and Akshay kumar
 OSS 117 takes a vacation/Hot Holidays for OSS 117/OSS 117 prend des vacances is a French/Brazilian international co-production 1970 spy film directed by Pierre Kalfon who also co-wrote and co-produced the film. It starred Luc Merenda Edwige Feuillère and Elsa Martinelli. The film is one of the OSS 117 series of films and was based on the 1968 novel Vacances Pour OSS 117 by Josette Bruce the widow of Jean Bruce who also co-wrote the film. The film was shot in Guarujá.
 Love Eterne is a 2011 romantic comedy film written and directed by Joseph Villapaz and starring Melissa Navia and James Gill. It takes place in New York City. It received two Awards of Merits and an Honorable Mention at film festivals.
 Nobody Else But You (French: Poupoupidou) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Gérald Hustache-Mathieu.
 Requiem for a Gunfighter is a 1965 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet starring Rod Cameron Stephen McNally and Mike Mazurki.
 Safeguarding Military Information was a short propaganda film produced by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1942.
 Don't Look Back (1996) is a made-for-HBO action movie/thriller directed by Geoff Murphy (Under Siege 2: Dark Territory) starring Eric Stoltz John Corbett Josh Hamilton and Billy Bob Thornton. It's the story of Jesse Parish a heroin addict living in Los Angeles who steals a suitcase full of drug money and immediately finds himself on the run from its former owners.
 Salty O'Rourke is a 1945 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Alan Ladd and Gail Russell. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946
 That Ragtime Band is a 1913 short comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Judas Project is a 1990 action drama film loosely based on Judas Iscariot. The film gained a mostly negative reviews from critics.
 Little Nemo also known as Winsor McCay the Famous Cartoonist of the N.Y. Herald and His Moving Comics is a 1911 silent animated short film by American cartoonist Winsor McCay. One of the earliest animated films it was McCay's first and featured characters from McCay's comic strip Little Nemo in Slumberland.
 Adavi Kaachina Vennela (Telugu: అడవి కాచిన వెన్నెల English: Moonlight in the Forest) is a 2014 Telugu film written and directed by Akki Viswanadha Reddy. Arvind Krishna Meenakshi Dixit Richard Rishi and Pooja Ramachandran play the lead roles. Moon Light Dreams produces the film while Sirivennela penned for lyrics.
 Sweet Degeneration (Chinese: 放浪; pinyin: Fang lang) is a 1997 Taiwanese drama film written and directed by Lin Cheng-sheng. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Big Boy Rides Again is a 1935 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 The Viking Sagas is an American film from 1995 directed by Michael Chapman starring Ralf Möller and Sven-Ole Thorsen.
 Hot Shots is a 1956 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on December 23 1956 by Monogram Pictures and is the forty-third film in the series. It was directed by Jean Yarbrough and written by Jack Townley.
 Los ambiciosos (The Ambitious) is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza. In a Latin America's imaginary country a prison chief is murdered. He's assistant Ramón Vázquez took his role while a new chief arrives. Vázquez and idealist took advantage of this opportunity to improve the prisoners conditions and seduce the last chief's widow Inés.
 Bootleg is a 1985 Australian film starring John Flaus as a detective in Queensland.
 Borrasca en las almas (English: Storm in the Soul) is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Anjathe (English: Do Not Fear) is a Tamil drama film directed by Mysskin; starring Narain The film opened to rave reviews for its technical expertise avant-garde filmmaking and for the performance of actor Narain. The song 'Kannadasan karaikkudi''Kattazha kannale kuthatha' has topped the review charts and captured the hearts of many youngsters respectively.
 The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich. Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son's character. The character Buck Howard is inspired by the mentalist The Amazing Kreskin whose popularity was at its height in the 1970s. The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2008. It is the first Walden Media film to be distributed by Magnolia Pictures.
 Evil Laugh is an independent film/horror film/splatter/slasher that touched on a tongue-in-cheek approach with avid Fangoria reader Barney providing the voice of reason.
 Laksamana Upin & Ipin is a second animated film from Malaysia. The film is produced by Les' Copaque Production. This movie has been called off due to unexpected financial and schedule situation occurred at 2011.
 Spaces: The Architecture of Paul Rudolph is a 1983 short documentary film produced by Bob Eisenhardt about the work of architect Paul Rudolph. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Dhum Dhadaka is a Marathi comedy movie which was released in 19/8/1985. It is directed by Mahesh Kothare.
 Fun-Can Be Dangerous Sometimes is a 2005 Hindi Thriller film directed by Sunjay Zaveri and produced by Goldie Tucker .The film features Aryan VaidSiddharth Koirala and Payal Rohatgi as main characters. The plot of the film deal with a theme of husband swapping.It is first ever in Bollywood as source reveals.
 Pudhu Pudhu Ragangal is a 1990 Tamil Indian feature film directed by V.Aadhavan. It stars Sithara and Charan Raj in the lead roles.
 Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle is a 2007 Scottish Gaelic feature film by first-time director Simon Miller from a story by Simon Miller and Joanne Cockwell. It stars Patrick Morrison/Pàdruig Moireasdan and the Gaelic writer and poet Angus Peter Campbell/Aonghas Pàdraig Chaimbeul.Filming began in April 2006 around the Inaccessible Pinnacle at the top of Sgurr Dearg in the Cuillin mountains on the Isle of Skye in Scotland and was completed in August 2006.
 Willow Creek is a 2013 independent found footage film about a couple interested in Bigfoot lore directed by Bobcat Goldthwait. The film was premiered at the 2013 Independent Film Festival of Boston and subsequently screened within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival.
 Five Have a Mystery to Solve is a 6-part 1964 British film serial made by the Children's Film Foundation based on the novel of the same name by Enid Blyton.
 Monkey Grip is a 1982 Australian drama film directed by Ken Cameron. It is based on the novel also titled Monkey Grip by Helen Garner. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ju-on: The Curse 2 (呪怨2) (also known as Ju-on 2) is a 2000 Japanese V-Cinema horror film and the second installment in the Ju-on series. The film was released in Japan on March 25 2000 and was later released onto video on April 14 2000.Much of the sequel is a recap of the first film nearly 30 minutes of retelling out of 76 minutes.
 Seducing Mr. Perfect (Mr. 로빈 꼬시기) alternatively known as Seducing Mr. Robin is a South Korean film released on December 7 2006. It was written and directed by Sang-woo Kim and stars Uhm Jung-hwa as Min Joon and Daniel Henney as Robin Heiden.
 Rubber Johnny is a six-minute experimental short film and music video directed by Chris Cunningham in 2005 using music composed by Aphex Twin. The name Rubber Johnny is drawn from a British slang for condom as well as a description of the main character which explains the title sequence. The DVD comes with an art book containing stills from the film as well as conceptual drawings photographs and more.
 The Thoroughbred is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Ian Hunter Louise Prussing and Richard Barclay. It was made at Twickenham Studios. The wife of a Member of Parliament pressures a jockey to throw the Epsom Derby.
 Shoot Loud Louder... I Don't Understand (Italian: Spara forte più forte non capisco) is a 1966 Italian crime film directed by Eduardo De Filippo.
 Funeral Parade of Roses (薔薇の葬列 Bara no Sōretsu) is a 1969 Japanese drama film directed by Toshio Matsumoto. It is a loose adaptation of Oedipus Rex set in the underground gay counterculture of 1960s Tokyo. The film was released by ATG (Art Theatre Guild) on 13 September 1969 in Japan; however it did not receive a US release until October 29 1970.
 Paltadacho Munis or The Man Beyond the Bridge is an Indian film in Konkani directed by Laxmikant Shetgaonkar. A multilayered tale of a lonely forest guard in a dwindling forest strikes a perfect balance between the personal and the political. Laxmikant’s cinema is rich in metaphors remarkable in its restrain and exciting in its modern sensibility.
 The Chambermaid on the Titanic (French: La Femme de chambre du Titanic) is a 1997 French drama film directed by Bigas Luna starring Oliver Martinez Romane Bohringer and Aitana Sanchez-Gijon. It is based on the novel La Femme de chambre du Titanic by Didier Decoin.
 Hanging Garden (空中庭園 Kūchū Teien) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Toshiaki Toyoda. The film is a family drama concerning the Kyobashi's whose house rule is to not keep secrets from each other when asked a question directly.
 Les Visiteurs (French pronunciation: ​[le vizitœʁ]; English: The Visitors) is a cult French film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré and released in 1993. In this comedy a 12th-century knight and his servant travel in time to the end of the 20th century and find themselves adrift in modern society.Les Visiteurs was the Number 1 box office film in France in 1993 with 13782846 ticket sales. The publicity for the film used the tagline Ils ne sont pas nés d'hier (They weren't born yesterday).
 Allegro Non Troppo is a 1976 Italian animated film directed by Bruno Bozzetto. Featuring six pieces of classical music the film is a parody of Disney's Fantasia two of its episodes being arguably derived from the earlier film. The classical pieces are set to color animation ranging from comedy to deep tragedy.
 Supernova is a 2000 science fiction horror film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was written by David C. Wilson William Malone and Daniel Chuba and directed by Walter Hill credited as Thomas Lee. Thomas Lee was chosen as a directorial pseudonym for release as the name Alan Smithee had become too well known as a badge of a film being disowned by its makers.Originally developed in 1988 by director William Malone as Dead Star with paintings by H. R.
 My Teacher's Wife is an 1999 teen sex comedy film directed by Bruce Leddy and written by Seth Greenland. Originally titled Bad With Numbers the story follows the travails of Southport High School senior Todd Boomer (Jason London) whose lifelong dream of going to Harvard is derailed by his hard-nosed calculus teacher Mr. Mueller (Christopher McDonald). When Todd enlists the tutoring help of the sexy and mysterious Vicki (Tia Carrere) things go from bad to worse.
 The Gay Parisian is an American short film produced in 1941 by Warner Bros. and directed by Jean Negulesco. The film is a screen adaptation in Technicolor of the 1938 ballet Gaîté Parisienne choreographed by Léonide Massine to music by Jacques Offenbach. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Too Outrageous! is a 1987 Canadian comedy film. Directed and written by Richard Benner the film is based on a story by Margaret Gibson. The film stars Craig Russell as Robin Turner a drag queen.
 The Singing Nun is a 1966 American semi-biographical film about the life of Jeanine Deckers a nun who recorded the chart-topping hit song Dominique. It starred Debbie Reynolds in the title role. The film also stars Ricardo Montalbán Katharine Ross Chad Everett and Ed Sullivan as himself. It was Henry Koster's final directing job.Harry Sukman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring of Music Adaptation or Treatment.
 Eagles (Persian: عقاب‌ها‎) is a 1984 Iranian film about an Iranian pilot whose aircraft shot down by Iraqi air force during Iran-Iran war. The story is about his escape back to Iran. This movie is considered the first major war movie in Iranian cinema. It is believed that 10 percent of Iranian population watched the movie at the time.
 Hoop Dreams is a 1994 documentary film directed by Steve James and written by Steven James and Frederick Marx with Kartemquin Films. It follows the story of two African-American high school students in Chicago and their dream of becoming professional basketball players.Originally intended to be a 30-minute short produced for the Public Broadcasting Service it eventually led to five years of filming and 250 hours of footage.
 Lillo of the Sulu Seas is a 1916 American silent short romance film written and directed by Thomas Ricketts. The film stars Harold Lockwood and May Allison.
 Not to be confused with the 1941 version also featuring Bela Lugosi.The Black Cat is a 1934 horror film that became Universal Pictures' biggest box office hit of the year. The picture was the first of eight movies (six of which were produced by Universal) to pair actors Béla Lugosi and Boris Karloff. Edgar G. Ulmer directed the film which was also notable for being one of the first movies with an almost continuous music score. Lugosi also appears in a 1941 film with the same title.
 Countdown: Jerusalem is a 2009 direct-to-video film.
 Defending Your Life is a 1991 romantic comedy-fantasy film about a man who dies and arrives in the afterlife only to find that he must stand trial and justify his lifelong fears in order to advance to the next phase of life; or be sent back to earth to do it again. The film was written directed by and stars Albert Brooks. It also stars Meryl Streep Rip Torn Lee Grant and Buck Henry. The film was shot entirely in and around Los Angeles California.
 Jail Busters is a 1955 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. The film was released on September 18 1955 by Allied Artists and is the thirty-ninth film in the series.
 Night of the Fox is a 1990 made-for-TV version of the novel Night of the Fox by Jack Higgins. It was broadcast in France on TF1.
 The Air I Breathe is the 2008 directorial film debut of Korean-American filmmaker Jieho Lee who co-wrote the script with Bob DeRosa. It stars Kevin Bacon Julie Delpy Brendan Fraser Andy Garcia Sarah Michelle Gellar Emile Hirsch and Forest Whitaker.
 Man Who Causes a Storm (嵐を呼ぶ男 Arashi o Yobu Otoko) or A Storming Drummer is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 Charing Cross Road is a 1935 British drama film directed by Albert de Courville and starring John Mills June Clyde Derek Oldham and Belle Baker. The film takes its title from the Charing Cross Road that runs through Central London.
 On the Green Carpet is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Rim Chang-bom. The film's title refers to the turf of the stadium which hosts the May Day mass games in Pyongyang.
 The Collector is a 1965 American psychological thriller film based on the 1963 novel The Collector by John Fowles and filmed at various locations in England. The film was adapted by Stanley Mann and John Kohn and was directed by William Wyler who turned down The Sound of Music to do it. It starred Terence Stamp and Samantha Eggar.
 Miss All-American Beauty is a 1982 American TV-film directed by Gus Trikonis and starring Diane Lane.
 Rocky Marciano is a 1999 made for TV movie directed by Charles Winkler and presented by MGM. It tells the story of the rise to fame of legendary boxer Rocky Marciano.
 Guy Fawkes is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Matheson Lang Nina Vanna and Hugh Buckler. The film depicts the Gunpowder plot of 1605 in which a group of plotters planned to blow up the Houses of Parliament. It was based on the 1840 novel Guy Fawkes by Harrison Ainsworth.
 A Golden Christmas is a 2009 Christmas romance film starring Andrea Roth and Nicholas Brendon. The film premiered on December 13 2009 as Ion Television's first original film.
 Ezhai Padum Padu (Tamil: ஏழை படும் பாடு) is a 1950 Tamil film directed by K Ramnoth. It was simultaneously released in Telugu as Beedala Patlu. It was an adaptation of Les Misérables by Victor Hugo. The film was released on Deepavali day 1950 and was a hit. For his memorable portrayal of Inspector Javert in this film N Seetharaman came to be called as Javert Seetharaman. It was produced by S. M. Sriramulu Naidu of Pakshiraja Studios.
 Playground is 2009 documentary directed by Libby Spears. The film focuses on the child sex trade in the United States.Playground challenges the notion that the sexual exploitation of children is limited to back-alley brothels in developing countries and traces the epidemic of exploitation to its disparate and decidedly American roots — among them the way children are educated about sex and the problem of raising awareness about a crime that inherently cannot be shown.
 I'd Climb the Highest Mountain is a 1951 religious drama film made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Henry King and produced by Lamar Trotti from a screenplay by Henry King and Lamar Trotti based on the novel by Corra Harris about a minister and his wife in the South of the 1910s.
 Knutzy Knights is the 156th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Pan's Labyrinth (Spanish: El laberinto del fauno The Labyrinth of the faun) is a 2006 Mexican-Spanish dark fantasy film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It was produced and distributed by Esperanto Films.The story takes place in Spain in May–June 1944 five years after the Spanish Civil War during the early Francoist period.
 Einstein Wrong - The Miracle Year is a 2014 documentary film directed by David Scott de Hilster an American independent filmmaker. Started in 2005 the 100th year anniversary of Einstein's Miracle Year (2005) De Hilsters's film follows his mother and family as they journey through the world of scientists who are challenging Einstein's theory of relativity and other mainstream theories. During the filming the family finds some of their own miracles along the way.
 Big is a 1988 American fantasy comedy film directed by Penny Marshall and stars Tom Hanks as Josh Baskin a young boy who makes a wish to be big and is then aged to adulthood overnight. The film also stars Elizabeth Perkins John Heard and Robert Loggia and was written by Gary Ross and Anne Spielberg.
 Kuhio taisa (クヒオ大佐) is a 2009 Japanese comedy-crime film directed by Daihachi Yoshida based on Kazumasa Yoshida’s 2006 biographical novel Kekkon Sagishi Kuhio Taisa (Marriage Swindler: Captain Kuhio) that focuses on a real-life marriage swindler who conned over 100 million yen ($1.2 million USD) from a number of women between the 1970s and the 1990s.The film was released as The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio on 10 October in 2009.
 My Blue Heaven or Mijn Blauwen Hemel is a 1990 Dutch drama film directed by Ronald Beer.
 Fat Shaker (Persian: لرزاننده‌ی چربی‎ - Larzanandeye charbi) is an Iranian drama film written and directed by Mohammad Shirvani. It had its première at the Sundance Film Festival in 2013 and also won the Tiger Award at the Rotterdam Film Festival.
 Locker 13 is a 2009 thriller film directed by Bruce Dellis George Huang Jason Marsden Matthew Mebane Adam Montierth Donovan Montierth and Rick Schroder. The story was written by John Waldron; the screenplay by Bruce Dellis Jason Marsden Donovan Montierth Jose Rosete Jason Walters and Cameron Young. The film was produced by Danny Del Toro Shawn Haught Jason Marsden Neil Mather Maria White Mebane Matthew Mebane Jose Rosete Rick Schroder and Nick Stahr.
 At Home by Myself...With You is a 2009 Canadian film directed by Kris Booth and co-written with Ramona Barckert. It premiered at the 2009 Vancouver Film Festival.
 Breaking Away is a 1979 American coming of age comedy-drama film that follows a group of four male teenagers in Bloomington Indiana who have recently graduated from high school. It stars Dennis Christopher Dennis Quaid Daniel Stern (in his first film role) Jackie Earle Haley Barbara Barrie and Paul Dooley.The film was written by Steve Tesich (an alumnus of Indiana University) and directed by Peter Yates.
 Consuming Passions is a 1988 black comedy film which stars Vanessa Redgrave Jonathan Pryce and Sammi Davis and was directed by Giles Foster.
 The New Exploits of Elaine is a 1915 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier Leopold Wharton and Theodore Wharton. It is presumed to be lost.
 Barbie and the Rockers: Out of this World is a 1987 TV special created by DIC Entertainment with Saban Productions featuring popular Mattel character Barbie. The story was based upon the Barbie and the Rockers line of dolls which featured Barbie as the leader of a rock band. The special originally aired in syndication as a two-part TV mini-series with each installment lasting approximately 25 minutes; part two was entitled Barbie and The Sensations: Rockin' Back to Earth.
 The Wrong Woman is a 1995 film starring Nancy McKeon Chelsea Field and Michele Scarabelli produced by Pierre David written by Douglas Soesbe and directed by Douglas Jackson. Originally filmed as a movie for television this suspense thriller involving a young woman (McKeon) who is framed by her boss for the murder of the company's owner was broadcast on CBS March 26 1996. Subsequently the film was released to video and is a frequent repeat on the Lifetime Network.
 Double Trouble is a Telugu film starring Ravi Shankar released on September 21 2012.
 Poisson d'avril (English: April Fools) is a French comedy film from 1954 directed by Gilles Grangier written by Michel Audiard starring Zappy Max and Louis de Funès.
 Burn the Butterflies is a 1979 TV movie about uranium mining.It was written by Cliff Green who described it as an experimentCheeky me wanting to push the boundaries and do a drama within another drama which moved in real time and was relatively cheap to make... There was a crisis in Government and there were news teams filming what was happening. And that was the documentary that was a fake documentary.
 The Betrayer is a 1921 Australian-New Zealand film from director Beaumont Smith about an inter-racial romance between a white Australian and a part-Māori girl.It is considered a lost film.
 Chnam Oun 16 is a 1973 Khmer film starring Chea Yuthon and Saom Vansodany. Shortly after the film was released the public found Chea Yuthon and saom Vansodany engaged.
 Virasat is a Pakistani Urdu movie starring Saima and Shaan. Song lyrics by Altaf Bajwa and Saeed Gillani. Singers were Shazia Manzoor Saira Naseem and Azra Jahan.
 Allures is a 1961 short American experimental film directed by Jordan Belson. Using an evocative combination of sound and light effects the film has been described by Belson as the space-iest film that had been done until then creating a feeling of moving into the void.In 2011 the film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.
 London Town is a 1946 Technicolor musical film generally regarded as one of the most infamous flops in the history of British cinema.The screenplay by Sig Herzig Val Guest and Elliot Paul based on a story by director Wesley Ruggles revolves around comedian Jerry Sanford (Sid Field) who arrives in London believing he has been hired as the star of a major stage production when in fact he's merely an understudy.
 Daulat is a 1949 Bollywood film directed by Sohrab Modi.
 The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film. It is the film adaptation of Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi's bestselling series of the same name. Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England United States it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries battle goblins mole trolls and other magical creatures.
 La Revolución es un sueño eterno (Spanish: The revolution is an eternal dream) is a 2012 Argentine film based on the eponymous book by Andrés Rivera. It is based on the life of Juan José Castelli who led the May Revolution and the early steps of the Argentine War of Independence. The main actor is Lito Cruz as Juan José Castelli.
 Enemies of Happiness is a 2006 documentary about the controversial Afghan politician and member of the Afghan Parliament Malalai Joya filmed by Danish director Eva Mulvad. The film team travelled with the then 28 years old Malalai Joya during her campaign for the 2005 Afghan parliamentary election which was the first democratic election in 30 years in Afghanistan. The film gives deep insight into the living conditions of the Afghan population.
 The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter is a 1990 German/American fantasy film and sequel to The NeverEnding Story. It was directed by George T. Miller and starred Jonathan Brandis as Bastian Bux Kenny Morrison as Atreyu and Alexandra Johnes as the Childlike Empress. The only actor to return from the first film was Thomas Hill as Mr.
 Heavy Metal vs. Dominator is a CGI film that was first released online in 2005.
 Seven Blood-Stained Orchids (Italian: Sette orchidee macchiate di rosso) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.
 Murder Ordained is a television miniseries that originally aired for CBS in 1987 starring Keith Carradine JoBeth Williams and Kathy Bates. The telefilm was directed and co-written by Mike Robe. Based on actual events that occurred in Emporia Kansas in 1983 the film tells the story of trooper John Rule (Carradine) whose investigation into a fatal traffic accident involving a local minister's wife turns into a case of murder when it becomes apparent that the accident was no accident at all.
 Hay que romper la rutina is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Aaya Toofan is a Hindi film made in 1999. An Action and Adventure film Aaya Toofan is based on the Kashmir problem which caused the Kargil battle between the Indian Army and Pakistani infiltraters.
 Pray For Death is a 1985 American martial arts action film starring Sho Kosugi.
 Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: Pokémon Ranger and the Prince of the Sea: Manaphy (劇場版ポケットモンスターアドバンスジェネレーション ポケモンレンジャーと蒼海の王子 マナフィ Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Adobansu Jenerēshon Pokemon Renjā to Umi no Ōji Manafi) is a 2006 Japanese animated film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama as the fourth and final Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation film and the ninth Pokémon film overall.
 The Razor's Edge is the second film version of W. Somerset Maugham's 1944 novel. The film was released in 1984 and stars Bill Murray Theresa Russell Catherine Hicks Denholm Elliott Brian Doyle-Murray and James Keach.
 Redacted is a 2007 American war film written and directed by Brian De Palma. It is a fictional dramatization loosely based on the 2006 Mahmudiyah killings in Mahmoudiyah Iraq when U.S. Army soldiers raped an Iraqi girl and murdered her along with her family. This film which is a companion to an earlier film by De Palma 1989's Casualties of War was shot in Jordan.Redacted premiered at the 2007 Venice Film Festival where it earned a Silver Lion best director award.
 Hair is Falling is a 2011 Hindi film produced by Urmila Sharma Guddu ji and directed by Vicky Bhardwaj. The film highlights the problem of hair fall in youth. Tag line : A Serious Comedy
 Only the Valiant also known as Fort Invincible is a 1951 western film produced by William Cagney (younger brother of James Cagney) directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton. The screenplay was written by Edmund H. North and Harry Brown based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Charles Marquis Warren.
 Camp Blood 2 is a 2000 horror film and sequel to Camp Blood. The film was directed by Brad Sykes and produced by David S. Sterling. It was followed in 2005 by Within the Woods.
 Malenka the Vampire's Niece (also referred to as Malenka Malenka: La Nipote del Vampiro Malenka: la Sobrina del Vampiro The Vampire Girl and Fangs of the Living Dead) is a 1969 Spanish-Italian horror film that was written and directed by Spanish director Amando de Ossorio and his first horror film. The movie had its world premiere on July 23 1969 in Italy and was released in Spain in August of the same year.
 Bloody Brotherhood is a 1989 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Wang Lung-wei and starring Andy Lau and Irene Wan.
 Santa Baby 2 (also known as Santa Baby 2: Christmas Maybe) is a 2009 made for television Christmas film and a sequel to Santa Baby. It premiered on ABC Family on December 13 2009 in their 25 Days of Christmas programming block. Jenny McCarthy Lynne Griffin Jessica Parker Kennedy Richard Side and Gabe Khouth all reprise their roles from the original.
 The Crucible is a 1996 drama film written by Arthur Miller and based on his play of the same name. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner and stars Daniel Day-Lewis as John Proctor Winona Ryder as Abigail Williams Paul Scofield as Judge Thomas Danforth and Joan Allen as Elizabeth Proctor. Much of the filming took place on Choate Island in Essex Massachusetts.
 Buried Alive is a 1990 film directed by Gerard Kikoine and based on the work of Edgar Allan Poe. It stars Donald Pleasence and John Carradine in his final performance.
 Medicine Man (originally titled The Stand) is a 1992 American film directed by John McTiernan. The film stars Sean Connery and Lorraine Bracco. It also features a noteworthy score by composer Jerry Goldsmith.
 Trouble Brewing is a 1924 silent comedy film featuring Larry Semon Carmelita Geraghty and Oliver Hardy. It is believed to be lost.
 La Cabeza viviente (The Living Head) is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Masked Bride is a 1925 American silent romantic drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Mae Murray Francis X. Bushman and Basil Rathbone.
 Night Angels (Brazilian title: Anjos da Noite) is a 1987 Brazilian drama movie directed by Wilson Barros.
 Don't Mess with Bill is a 1980 American short documentary film about Canadian martial arts pioneer Bill Underwood produced by Pen Densham. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 De Danadan (Marathi: दे दणा दण) is a Marathi film directed by Mahesh Kothare and released in India in 1987.
 You Are Not Alone (Danish: Du er ikke alene) is a 1978 Danish coming-of-age film written by Lasse Nielsen and Bent Petersen directed by Lasse Nielsen and Ernst Johansen and produced by Steen Herdel.
 Living Death (Korean: 불신지옥 lit. Distrust Hell also known as Faith or Possessed) is a 2009 South Korean horror film written and directed by Lee Yong-joo. The film received 248503 admissions in South Korea.
 Dirty Little Billy is a western film released in 1972 and was the directorial debut of Stan Dragoti. It stars Michael J. Pollard as Billy the Kid. Gary Busey plays a small role. Clearly influenced by the darker more sinister style of spaghetti westerns The film offered a unique insight into the beginnings of the notorious outlaw Billy the Kid. Nick Nolte made his feature film debut as town gang leader.
 The Butterfly is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton George Field Edward Coxen Edith Borella Jean Durrell Ida Lewis and John Steppling.
 The Hungry Bachelors Club is a 1999 American film directed by Gregory Ruzzin based on the novel of the same name by Lynn Scott Myers. The film was retitled Food for the Heart for its DVD release.
 Hamari Adhuri Kahani is an upcoming Bollywood romantic drama film The film will be produced by Mahesh Bhatt under the banner Vishesh Films Fox Star Studios and directed by Mohit Suri. Starring Emraan Hashmi *Vidya Balan and Rajkummar Rao.The film is expected to release on May 8 2015.
 Three Fingered Jenny is a 1916 American silent short mystery directed by Edward LeSaint written by Harvey Gates. Starring William Garwood in the lead role it was the third film in the five film series of Lord John's Journal.
 Kilometer Zero is a film by Pavel Sanaev released in Russia on October 25 2007.
 Sanai Choughade is a Marathi movie released on 20 June 2008. Produced by Deepti Shreyas Talpade and directed by Rajeev Patil. The movie is a light hearted family entertainer full of twists and turns which forces everyone to inspect the conventional arranged marriage system.
 Troublesome Night 17 is a 2002 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Lam Wai-yin. It is the 17th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Vintage Wine is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Seymour Hicks Claire Luce Eva Moore and Judy Gunn.
 Aku Ingin Menciummu Sekali Saja (English: I Want To Kiss You Once) is a 2002 Indonesian comedy-crime film directed by Garin Nugroho.
 The City is a lost 1926 silent film produced and released by the Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Roy William Neill and is based on Clyde Fitch's 1909 Broadway play. A previous film on Fitch's play appeared in 1916. This version has been updated to contemporary 1926.
 Shantham (Malayalam: ശാന്തം English translation : Calmness) is an award-winning Malayalam feature film directed by Jayaraj. It stars I M Vijayan a leading Indian football player of modern times M G Shashi Seema Biswas and K P A C Lalitha. The renowned Kathakali artiste Kalamandalam Gopi and the Malayalm writer Madambu Kunjukuttan have also starred in the film. It was released in 2001 and won the Swarna Kamal Award for the Best Feature Film in the 48th National Film Awards 2001.
 Sleepaway Camp 2: Unhappy Campers also known as Nightmare Vacation 2 is a 1988 horror-comedy film and a sequel to the movie Sleepaway Camp written by Fritz Gordon and directed by Michael A. Simpson. Unlike Sleepaway Camp Sleepaway Camp II pokes fun at various horror films. It stars Pamela Springsteen Renée Estevez and Tony Higgins.
 Showgirls 2: Penny's from Heaven is the parody sequel to the film Showgirls. It stars and is written produced and directed by Rena Riffel who reprises her role from the first film.An early script and Kickstarter fundraising campaign for the project was titled Showgirl and the script was originally titled Stardancer.
 Ghost Train (German:Der Geisterzug) is a 1927 German-British comedy crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Guy Newall Ilse Bois and Louis Ralph. It is an adaptation of the Arnold Ridley play The Ghost Train. It was a co-production between Gainsborough Pictures and UFA and was shot at the latter's studio in Berlin.
 Die Entscheidung des Tilman Riemenschneider is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Paramaatma is a 1994 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bapu starring Mithun Chakraborty Juhi Chawla Amrish Puri and Anjana Mumtaz
 West of Cimarron is a 1941 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.
 Toss-Up (Turkish: Yazı Tura) is a 2004 Turkish drama film produced written and directed by Uğur Yücel starring Kenan İmirzalıoğlu and Olgun Şimşek as two soldiers return home from their military service in southeastern Turkey with disabilities. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on September 24 2004 (2004-09-24) won a record 11 awards at the 41st Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival including the Golden Orange for Best Film.
 Mindless Behavior: All Around the World is a 2013 American documentary film starring and based on the American boy band Mindless Behavior. The film was released on March 15 2013 only through AMC Theaters. The film was released by AwesomenessTV Films. The film was directed and produced by Steven Goldfried also produced by Walter Millshap. The film also has the same name as the second studio album All Around the World.
 The Boy from Mercury (1996) is a nostalgiac Irish Film the first from writer and director Martin Duffy. The film concerns the science-fiction daydreams of a young boy in 1960 Dublin. Upon release the film received international critical acclaim and several awards though was commercially unsuccessful. It was the first time actors Rita Tushingham and Tom Courtenay had appeared on screen together since Doctor Zhivago thirty years earlier.
 Ram Balram is a 1980 Hindi action film directed by Vijay Anand. It starred Dharmendra as 'Ram' and Amitabh Bachchan as 'Balram'. The other cast included Zeenat Aman and Rekha. Ajit Amjad Khan and Prem Chopra were the villains in the film. The film marked the third time in which Bollywood eternal superstars (Amitabh Bachchan and Dharmendra) came together after their previous successful ventures in Chupke Chupke and Sholay.
 Fiston is a 2014 French comedy film directed by Pascal Bourdiaux and starring Franck Dubosc and Kev Adams.
 I'm Nobody's Sweetheart Now is a 1940 film.
 Aap Ki Parchhaiyan (meaning 'your shadows') is a 1964 Bollywood film. Produced and directed by Mohan Kumar the film stars Dharmendra Shashikala Om Prakash and Manorama. The film's music is by Madan Mohan. A couple of songs 'Main nigahen tere chehre se hataaoon kaise' by Mohd. Rafi and 'Agar mujhse mohabbat hai' by Lata Mangeshkar are plus points of this family drama.
 Disclosure is a 1994 thriller directed by Barry Levinson starring Michael Douglas and Demi Moore. It is based on Michael Crichton's novel of the same name.The cast also includes Donald Sutherland Rosemary Forsyth and Dennis Miller. As in so many of Levinson's films from Diner (1982) to Liberty Heights (1999) Ralph Tabakin appears this time as an elevator attendant.The film is a combination mystery and thriller about office politics and intrigue in the computer industry in the mid-1990s.
 Human Touch is a 2004 film directed by Paul Cox and starring Jacqueline McKenzie Chris Haywood and Aaron Blabey. The plot follows the story of Anna who is a singer trying to raise money for her choir's trip to China. She does this by posing nude for an ageing artist and upon seeing the finished results goes on a journey of self-discovery.
 Lake Placid 3 is a 2010 made-for-television horror film starring Colin Ferguson produced by Syfy. This sequel to the 2007 film Lake Placid 2 and the 1999 film Lake Placid aired as a Syfy original movie on August 21 2010.
 Tom Clancy's Op Center (stylized as OP Center) is a 114 minute action/political thriller which was edited-down from a 170 minute 4-hour TV mini-series of the same name that aired in two parts on NBC in February 1995.Directed by Lewis Teague and produced by Richard L.
 The Railway Children is a 1970 British drama film based on the novel of the same name by E. Nesbit. The film was directed by Lionel Jeffries and stars Dinah Sheridan Jenny Agutter (who had earlier featured in the successful BBC's 1968 dramatisation of the novel) Sally Thomsett and Bernard Cribbins in leading roles. The film was released to cinemas in the United Kingdom on 21 December 1970.The film rights were bought by Lionel Jeffries.
 One of the Hollywood Ten is a 2000 Spanish and British bio-picture. The film was written and directed by Karl Francis.The drama focuses on screenwriter/director Herbert Biberman and his efforts to make what would become the historic political film Salt of the Earth (1954) produced without studio backing after he was blacklisted for belonging to the American Communist Party.
 Haathkadi is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Surendra Mohan starring Sanjeev Kumar and Shatrughan Sinha.
 The Hugga Bunch was a 1980s toy line from the Kenner company and Hallmark Cards.
 Los signos del zodiaco is a 1963 Mexican drama film directed by Sergio Véjar. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Road Back is a 1937 drama film made by Universal Pictures directed by James Whale. The screenplay is by Charles Kenyon and R. C. Sherriff from the eponymous novel by Erich Maria Remarque.The novel on which the film is based was banned during Nazi rule. When the film was made Universal Pictures was threatened with a boycott of all their films by the German government unless the anti-Nazi sentiments in the script were watered down.
 Irma Vep is a 1996 film directed by the French director Olivier Assayas starring Hong Kong actress Maggie Cheung (playing herself) in a story about the disasters that result as a middle-aged French film director (played by Jean-Pierre Léaud) attempts to remake Louis Feuillade's classic silent film serial Les vampires.
 Oppol (Malayalam: ഓപ്പോള്‍) meaning Elder Sister is a 1980 Malayalam film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan. Balan K. Nair Menaka Master Aravind Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Shankaradi comprised the major cast. The film was based on a short story of the same name written by M. T. in 1975.
 A Date with a Dream is a 1948 British musical comedy film directed by Dicky Leeman and starring Terry-Thomas Jeannie Carson and Wally Patch. Its plot concerns a wartime group of musical entertainers who meet up a year after being demobbed and decide to reform their act. It was the first production of Tempean Films.This was one of Terry-Thomas's first films and is reputedly partly based on his own experiences.
 Ultimate X: The Movie is a 2002 documentary film based on the 2001 X Games. It features athletes including Dave Mirra Mike Metzger Brian Deegan and Mat Hoffman. It also features clips from the actual event including the amazing finals between Bob Burnquist and Bucky Lasek which Bob won by a first ever score of 99 and the crash of Carey Hart when he attempted the first ever Moto-X Backflip.
 Nurmoo: Shout from the Plain (Finnish: Nurmoo: Huuto lakeudelta) is a 2009 Finnish film directed by Harri J. Rantala and starring Eerik Kantokoski Anna Alkiomaa Oskari Katajisto and Kalevi Haapoja.
 How We Fought the Emden is a 1915 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe about the Battle of Cocos during World War I. It features footage shot on Cocos Island.
 Kottarathil Kutty Bhootham (Malayalam: കൊട്ടാരത്തിൽ കുട്ടിഭൂതം) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by debutant duo Kumar Nanda and Basheer starring Mukesh and Jagadish in the lead roles.
 Ajooba Kudrat Kaa or Ajooba Kudrat Ka (English title The Magnificent Guardian) is a 1991 Bollywood thriller directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay who are famous for their horror/thriller films.The film centres on the platonic relationship between a young girl and a Yeti (a Himalayan monster). It was the first Bollywood film with a yeti theme.
 The Light in the Dark is a 1922 American film directed by Clarence Brown and featuring Lon Chaney.The film is also known as The Light of Faith.
 Newspaper Boy is a Malayalam–language Indian film released in 1955. The film a drama of stark realism narrates the life of the common man on the street. The film is noteworthy in that the entire production programme from script-writing to direction was controlled and executed by students. The group of students were from Adarsh Kalamandir and was written and directed by P. Ramdas. The screenplay was based on a short story written by Ramadas himself.
 It's Murder! is a 1977 short film co-written produced directed and starring Sam Raimi and co-written produced and starring Scott Spiegel. It is Raimi's first directing work and co-stars his future most regular collaborator Bruce Campbell.
 There's One Born Every Minute is a 1942 American Universal Pictures comedy film directed by Harold Young. It was the debut film of Elizabeth Taylor. It is also known as Man or Mouse.
 Romance in Manhattan (1934) is an American comedy/romance film directed by Stephen Roberts starring Francis Lederer and Ginger Rogers and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 One of Our Aircraft is Missing is a 1942 British war film the fourth collaboration between the British writer-director-producer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger and the first film they made under the banner of The Archers.
 Thapaswini is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Sweety Nanna Jodi (Kannada: ಸ್ವೀಟಿ ನನ್ನ ಜೋಡಿ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Vijayalakshmi Singh and produced by Radhika herself under her home banner Shamika Enterprises. The film stars Auditya and Radhika in the lead roles. This film is about a corporate love between the main characters. It marks Radhika's comeback to films after a 5-year hiatus.
 One Girl's Confession is a 1953 low-budget film noir released by Columbia Pictures. The movie stars Cleo Moore and was written produced and directed by Hugo Haas who also plays a supporting part in the film.This film was released on DVD by Sony Pictures in 2010 as part of the Bad Girls of Film Noir Volume II collection. The tagline for this film was I'm the kind of girl every man wants ...
 Ultra Reinforcement is a 2012 Chinese historical romantic comedy film directed and written by Lam Chi-chung starring Wallace Huo Jing Tian Dylan Kuo and Cheung Tat-ming. The film was released in China on 24 January 2012.
 You for Me is a 1952 American romantic comedy film starring Jane Greer Peter Lawford and Gig Young. The film was directed by Don Weis produced by Henry Berman with music by Alberto Colombo.
 Ice on Fire (Italian: La fiamma sul ghiaccio) is a 2006 Italian drama film directed by Umberto Marino. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Andy Warhol's Frankenstein (originally Flesh for Frankenstein) is a 1973 Italian-French horror film directed by Paul Morrissey and produced by Andy Warhol Andrew Braunsberg Louis Peraino and Carlo Ponti. It stars Udo Kier Joe Dallesandro Monique van Vooren and Arno Juerging.
 Kong Bukseløs (English: His New Grey Trousers) is a 1915 Danish silent film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.. The film stars Oscar Stribolt and Carl Schenstrøm.
 Cheerful Givers is a 1917 American silent comedy-drama film produced by the Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. The film stars Bessie Love and Kenneth Harlan.
 Days in the Country (Spanish: Días de campo) is a 2004 Franco-Chilean film written and directed by Raúl Ruiz. It won the International Critics Award at the Lima Latin American Film Festival in 2006.
 Entertaining Mr Sloane is a 1970 black comedy film directed by Douglas Hickox. The screenplay by Clive Exton is based on the 1964 play of the same title by Joe Orton. This was the second adaptation of the play the first having been developed for British television and telecast by ITV on 15 July 1968.
 Crimebroker is a 1993 Australian-Japanese TV movie starring Jacqueline Bisset as a housewife who masquerades as a crime broker. It was also known as Corrupt Justice.
 In the Name of the Son is a 2007 drama/thriller short film set during and after the Bosnian War in present-day Los Angeles written and directed by Harun Mehmedinović produced by Vikramadithya Singh with Ajfelov Most as fiscal sponsor.
 Naayak is a 2013 Telugu film directed by V. V. Vinayak and starring Ram Charan Teja Kajal Aggarwal and Amala Paul in lead roles. The film was produced by D. V. V Danayya under Universal Media banner. The soundtrack was composed by S. Thaman. It was dubbed into Tamil and Malayalam under the same title. The film began shooting in February 2012. It was released worldwide on 9 January 2013.
 The Return (Russian: Возвращение Vozvrashcheniye) is a 2003 Russian drama film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev and released internationally in 2004.It tells the story of two Russian boys whose father suddenly returns home after a 12-year absence. He takes the boys on a holiday to a remote island on a lake that turns into a test of manhood of almost mythic proportions. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 Manivathoorile Aayiram Sivarathrikal (English:The 1000 Sivarathries of Manivathoor) is 1987 Malayalam film starring Mammootty and directed by Fazil.
 Mama I'm Alive (German: Mama ich lebe) is a 1977 East German film directed by Konrad Wolf. It was chosen as East Germany's official submission to the 50th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Magic in Town (Danish: Min søsters børn vælter byen) is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Jeanne Darville.
 The Young Ones (US title: It's Wonderful to Be Young!) is a 1961 British film musical directed by Sidney J. Furie and featuring teen idol Cliff Richard Robert Morley as his character's father Carole Gray as his love interest and The Shadows as his band. The screenplay was written by Peter Myers and Ronald Cass who also wrote most of the songs. Herbert Ross choreographed the dance scenes.The film was produced by the Associated British Picture Corporation and shot at their Elstree Studios.
 The Beauty Jungle (also known as Contest Girl) is a 1964 British film.
 Vedha is a Tamil movie starring Arun Vijay and Sheela released in 2008. Vedha narrates the story of two affectionate brothers and the elder brother's sacrifices for his sibling.Vijay (Arun Vijay) is crazy about his younger brother Vadhan (Jerovadhan) who cannot stomach failure. Then in a college election he impersonates the police officer on duty batters a group of goondas threatens other candidates and forces them to withdraw only so that brother gets elected.
 Haathon Ki Lakeeren is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Chetan Anand. It stars Sanjeev Kumar Zeenat Aman Jackie Shroff and Priya Rajvansh in pivotal roles.
 Paarthale Paravasam is a 2001 Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander who with the project completed one hundred feature films. The film produced by Balachander's home banner Kavithalayaa Productions featured Madhavan and Simran in the leading roles with Lawrence Raghavendra and Sneha playing other key roles. The film's music is composed by A. R. Rahman whilst A.
 Árvácska is a Hungarian film released 4 March 1976. Based on a book by Zsigmond Móricz the film tells the story of Csöre an orphan girl living among the peasantry of Hungary in the 1930s. It stars Zsuzsa Czinkóczi then age seven as main character Csöre also known as Árvácska (little orphan).The film was released in the United States under the title Nobody's Daughter.
 The Bear Cage (French: La cage aux ours) is a 1974 Belgian drama film directed by Marian Handwerker. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 Enga Thambi (English: Our Brother) is a 1993 Tamil language Indian film directed by S. D. Saba. The film stars Prashanth and Subhashri in the lead roles while Ilaiyaraaja composed the film's music. The film was also later dubbed and released in Telugu as Allari Prema.
 National Lampoon's Joy of Sex (also known simply as Joy of Sex) is a 1984 film directed by Martha Coolidge. It was written by Kathleen Rowell and J.J. Salter based on the sex manual by Alex Comfort.
 The Iron Giant is a 1999 American animated science fiction film using both traditional animation and computer animation produced by Warner Bros. Animation and based on the 1968 novel The Iron Man by Ted Hughes.
 Kung Pow! Enter the Fist is a 2002 American martial arts comedy film that parodies Hong Kong action cinema. Starring Steve Oedekerk it uses footage from the 1976 Hong Kong martial arts movie Tiger and Crane Fist (a.k.a. Savage Killers) along with new footage shot by Oedekerk to create an original unrelated plot.
 Seven Days in January (Spanish: Siete días de enero) is a 1979 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem about the 1977 Massacre of Atocha. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Golden Prize.
 A Beginner's Guide to Endings is a 2010 film directed by Jonathan Sobol and starring Harvey Keitel Scott Caan and J.K. Simmons.
 BearCity is a 2010 American gay-themed (in particular the gay bear community) comedy-drama film directed by Doug Langway and written by Langway and Lawrence Ferber. It is about a young twink gay man who fantasizes about bears and his search to find the perfect man. The sequel BearCity 2: The Proposal was announced for the spring of 2012.A novelization of the film also written by Lawrence Ferber was published by Lethe Press' Bear Bones imprint in 2013.
 Maidstone was a film made in 1970 directed by written by and starring Norman Mailer.
 Coonskin is a 1975 American animated film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi about an African American Rabbit Fox and Bear who rise to the top of the organized crime racket in Harlem encountering corrupt law enforcement con artists and the Mafia. The film which combines live-action with animation stars Philip Thomas Charles Gordone Barry White and Scat Man Crothers all of whom appear in both live-action and animated sequences.
 Slaves of New York is a 1989 comedy-drama Merchant Ivory Productions film. It was directed by James Ivory produced by Ismail Merchant and starred Bernadette Peters Adam Coleman Howard Chris Sarandon Mary Beth Hurt Mercedes Ruehl Madeleine Potter and Steve Buscemi.Based on the stories Slaves of New York by Tama Janowitz the film follows the lives of struggling artists in New York City during the mid-1980s.
 Take a Deep Breath (Serbian: Диши дубоко Diši duboko) is a 2004 Serbian film directed by Dragan Marinković and written by Hajdana Baletić. This drama was promoted as the first Serbian LGBT feature film even though the writer herself stresses that it is more about the generation gap in the modern family. The premiere was held on November 8 2004 in Belgrade's Sava Center.
 The Wind That Shakes the Barley is a 2006 British-Irish war drama film directed by Ken Loach set during the Irish War of Independence (1919–1922) and the Irish Civil War (1922–1923). Written by long-time Loach collaborator Paul Laverty this drama tells the fictional story of two County Cork brothers Damien O'Donovan (Cillian Murphy) and Teddy O'Donovan (Pádraic Delaney) who join the Irish Republican Army to fight for Irish independence from the United Kingdom.
 Sasquatch aka Sasquatch the Legend of Bigfoot is a docudrama filmed in 1975 by North American Film Productions Oregon Ltd. at the height of public fascination with supposed Bigfoot sightings. The film follows a group of explorers on a summer-long search for the mythical Bigfoot creature.
 Hendrix is a 2000 biographical television film directed by Leon Ichaso about the life of Jimi Hendrix. It stars Wood Harris as Hendrix. It was nominated for a Primetime Emmy in 2001.
 A Moment to Remember (Hangul: 내 머리 속의 지우개; RR: Nae Meorisogui Jiugae; lit. Eraser in My Head) is a 2004 South Korean film based on the 2001 Japanese television drama Pure Soul. It stars Son Ye-jin and Jung Woo-sung and follows the theme of discovery in a relationship and the burdens of loss caused by Alzheimer's disease. The movie was released on November 5 2004 in South Korea.
 Roots is a television miniseries in the USA based on Alex Haley's 1976 novel entitled Roots: The Saga of an American Family; the series first aired on ABC-TV in 1977. Roots received 37 Emmy Award nominations and won nine. It won also a Golden Globe and a Peabody Award. It received unprecedented Nielsen ratings for the finale which still holds a record as the third-highest-rated US television program.
 Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 family comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures the first in the Beverly Hills Chihuaha series. It is directed by Raja Gosnell and was released on October 3 2008. The films stars Piper Perabo Jamie Lee Curtis and Manolo Cardona as the human leads and Drew Barrymore George Lopez and Andy Garcia in voice-over roles.
 Venus Beauty Institute (French title: Vénus beauté (institut)) is a 1999 French R rated romantic comedy. The story centers around three employees of a beauty parlor and their search for love and happiness.The film is directed by Tonie Marshall.
 Licensed to Love and Kill is a 1979 imitation James Bond film starring Gareth Hunt as British secret agent Charles Bind. It was directed and written by Lindsay Shonteff and produced by his wife Elizabeth Gray. The film had the working title An Orchid for No. 1; it was released on VHS under the title The Man from S.E.X..
 Adiós gringo is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Giorgio Stegani. Its stars Giuliano Gemma and was co produced between Italy Spain and France. On release in the United States nearly all of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience.
 Mazhaneerthullikal (English: Raindrops) also known as Mazhaneer Thullikal is an upcoming Malayalam revenge-drama film directed by V. K. Prakash starring Meera Jasmine Narein Ajmal Ameer and Mythili in the lead roles. The movie is based on the novel Shraddha Shesham penned by the Kozhikode district collector K V Mohankumar.
 Pleasure Heads Must Burn is video/DVD by The Birthday Party. Originally issued by IKON in 1984 in Betamax and VHS formats; in 2003 a DVD re-issue based on VHS cassette with additional tracks (see listing below).
 Bansuri Guru is a 2013 Indian documentary film about the life of classical instrumentalist Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia. Directed by Rajeev Chaurasia as his directorial debut the film is introduced by Amitabh Bachchan.
 California is a 1947 western film directed by John Farrow and featuring Ray Milland Barbara Stanwyck and Barry Fitzgerald.
 Keith is a 2008 independent drama film directed by Todd Kessler. It was written by Todd Kessler and David Zabel based on the short story Keith by author Ron Carlson from his book The Hotel Eden. The film stars actor and pop star Jesse McCartney Elisabeth Harnois and Margo Harshman.The storyline is based around a popular 17-year-old high school senior Natalie who thinks she has got life figured out until she meets Keith.
 Land and Sons (Icelandic: Land og synir) is a 1980 Icelandic drama film directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 S.L.Film (Arabic: أسأل فيلم‎) is a 2000 Lebanese film written and directed by Chady Hannah.
 His Sister's Kids is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Woman One Longs For (German:Die Frau nach der man sich sehnt) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Marlene Dietrich Fritz Kortner and Frida Richard. It prermiered on 29 April 1929 at the Mozartsaal in Berlin. The film's art direction was by Robert Neppach. It is also known by the alternative title The Three Lovers.The film was originally silent with a scored orchestra accompaniment by Giuseppe Becce.
 What Remains: The Life and Work of Sally Mann is a 2005 film directed and produced by Steven Cantor which documents the photography and story of photographer Sally Mann at her Virginia farm home. The movie documents the photographer's progression from a child to a mother and the struggles Mann faces through her public and private life.The movie garnered quite favorable reviews from publications such as The New York Times.
 Kummatty (English: Bogeyman) is a 1979 Malayalam film written and directed by G. Aravindan. Ramunni Master Ashokan and Vilasini Reema form the cast.
 Illam is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring Sivakumar and Amala in lead roles. The film was a remake of Malayalam film Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam.
 Call It a Day is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Olivia de Havilland Ian Hunter Anita Louise Alice Brady Roland Young and Frieda Inescort. Based on the 1935 play Call It a Day by Dodie Smith the film is about a day in the life of a middle-class London family whose lives are complicated by the first romantic signs of spring.
 Milan is a 2004 romantic drama film released under Star Cinema ABS-CBN film productions in the Philippines. It stars Claudine Barretto and Piolo Pascual. It is a love story written by Raymond Lee and under Olivia Lamasan's direction. The movie made more than P100 million in the box office.
 Aap Ki Kasam is a 1974 Hindi film produced by J. Om Prakash which also marks his directorial debut. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Mumtaz Sanjeev Kumar Rehman Asrani and A. K. Hangal. The music is by R.D. Burman who received the only Filmfare nomination for the film. The film was successful in the box office and it was also acclaimed by the critics.
 Maps to the Stars is an upcoming satire drama film directed by David Cronenberg and starring Julianne Moore Mia Wasikowska John Cusack Robert Pattinson Olivia Williams Sarah Gadon and Evan Bird.
 Chidambara Rahasiyam is a 1985 Tamil comedy thriller film written and directed by Visu. It stars Visu S. Ve. Shekher Delhi Ganesh Arun Pandian Ilavarasi and Manorama. The film revolves around a simpleton (S. Ve. Shekher) who is framed for murder. Here enters Visu who teams up with the local police and Arun Pandian to find the real culprits. The subject matter of the film is not related directly to Chidambara Rahasiyam a Hindu religious belief. The film was well appreciated for its comedy.
 Twisted is a 2004 American thriller film written by Sarah Thorp and directed by Philip Kaufman. It stars Ashley Judd Samuel L. Jackson and Andy García. The film is set in San Francisco California.
 The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit is a 1998 film set in East Los Angeles directed by Stuart Gordon written by Ray Bradbury and starring Edward James Olmos Joe Mantegna Esai Morales Clifton Collins Jr. (credited as Clifton Gonzalez Gonzalez) Sid Caesar Howard Morris and Gregory Sierra. Despite some well-known actors and the writing credit of Bradbury the film was released direct-to-video by Touchstone Pictures.
 Not to be confused with Dosti (2005 film).Dosti (English: Friendship) is a 1964 Indian black-and-white Hindi film directed by Satyen Bose and produced by Tarachand Barjatya under his Rajshri Productions banner. It was Sanjay Khan's debut film and had Sudhir Kumar and Sushil Kumar in lead roles. The film focuses on the friendship between two boys one blind and the other a cripple. Dosti was amongst the top 10 grossers of 1964 and was declared a Super Hit at the box office.
 Little Ida (Norwegian: Liten Ida) is a 1981 Norwegian-Swedish drama film directed by Laila Mikkelsen. Sunniva Lindekleiv Lise Fjeldstad and Rønnaug Alten shared the award for Best Actress at the 18th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Midnight Man is a 1919 American film serial directed by James W. Horne. It is now considered to be lost.
 Tine is a 1964 Danish drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Jungle 2 Jungle is a 1997 comedy film starring Tim Allen Martin Short and Sam Huntington. It is an American remake of the 1994 French film Un indien dans la ville (also known as Little Indian Big City). Jungle 2 Jungle's plot follows the original film fairly closely with the biggest difference being the change in location from Paris to New York. The film was directed by John Pasquin and produced by Walt Disney Pictures and TF1 Films Productions.
 Stranger on the Run is a dramatic Western television film that in some countries premiered in cinemas. The first broadcast was on NBC on October 31 1967. The film stars Henry Fonda Anne Baxter and Michael Parks and was directed by Don Siegel.In the film former inmate and alcoholic Ben Chamberlain (Fonda) comes to a town enquiring about a woman.
 Cruel Jaws also known as The Beast and Jaws 5: Cruel Jaws is a 1995 mockbuster based on the 1975 classic Jaws and its sequels. The film stars Richard Dew and was directed by infamous Italian filmmaker Bruno Mattei (under the name of William Snyder). The movie utilizes footage from the Jaws series Deep Blood and The Last Shark. While marketed in many areas as Jaws 5: Cruel Jaws it is actually not part of the Jaws franchise.
 The Lost Lover (Italian: L'amante perduto) is a 1999 Italian-British drama film directed by Roberto Faenza.
 The Bivouac (French: Le Bivouac) was an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 64 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Don't (1925) is a comedy film directed by Alfred J. Goulding starring Sally O'Neil John Patrick Bert Roach and Ethel Wales and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is one of the B pictures the studio produced to keep the Loews circuit and other cinemas supplied.The screenplay by Agnes Christine Johnston is based on the story 'Don't You Care!' by Rupert Hughes. This film is considered a lost film.
 Raamanam (Malayalam: രാമാനം English: Night Sky) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed and produced by M. P. Sukumaran Nair. Jagathy Sreekumar plays the lead character in this film. The film is a re-depiction of Smarakasilakal (Memorial Stones) a celebrated Malayalam novel by Punathil Kunhabdulla.
 Phantom Below (also known as Tides of War and USS Poseidon: Phantom Below) is the first film released by Hawaii-based studio Pacific Films. Its world premiere was at the Hawaii International Film Festival on March 31 2005.
 Love Comes Lately is a 2007 film written for the screen and directed by Jan Schütte. The film is based on the short stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer.
 Presque rien (meaning Almost Nothing which is also the UK release title; the U.S. title is Come Undone) is a 2000 French-Belgian romantic drama film directed by Sebastien Lifshitz set in Brittany depicting a stormy holiday romance between two 18-year-olds and what remains of that relationship eighteen months later.
 Blood is a 2012 thriller that follows two brothers who are policemen and charts the moral collapse of a police family. The two brothers played by Paul Bettany and Stephen Graham must investigate a despicable crime in a small town in the shadow of their former police chief father. It was directed by Nick Murphy and written by Bill Gallagher.The film is a cinematic remake of the 2004 BBC television mini series Conviction which was also written by Gallagher.
 Chase Through the Night is a 1984 Australian film about a gang of bank robbers on the run. It was a five part 30 minute teleseries.
 Nenjil Jil Jil is a 2006 film directed by Selva and produced by Manish Nair Bhavani Kanagasapay under the banner Candy Films Ltd & Gatpaham Entertainment Ltd. Navdeep pairs up with Aparna Pillai while Vadivelu plays the comedian in the movie.
 Puthiya Vaanam is a 1988 Tamil crime film directed by R. V. Udayakumar. The film features Sathyaraj Sivaji Ganesan Rupini and Gouthami in lead roles. The film produced by G. Thyagarajan and V. Thamilazhagan had musical score by Hamsalekha and was released on 16 June 1988. The film was named after a song from the film Anbe Vaa (1966).
 Chemistry ( మనసుకీ మనసుకీ మధ్య ) is a Telugu film directed by Vachespathy Jonnalagadda starring Sri Ram Kodali and Amitha Rao. Uday Kumar was the producer and Vishwanath Ghantasala composed the music.
 Boulevard of Broken Dreams is a 1988 Australian film. It was the first movie from Boulevard Films.
 Girl from Rio (Spanish:Chica de Río) is a 2001 film written and directed by Christopher Monger starring Hugh Laurie Vanessa Nunes Santiago Segura Lia Williams and Patrick Barlow.
 Ardh Satya (Hindi: अर्ध सत्य; English: Half Truth) is a 1983 film directed by Govind Nihalani his second offering after another angst-ridden movie Aakrosh (1980). The screenplay of both movies was by Vijay Tendulkar the noted Marathi playwright; this one was based on the short story 'Surya' by S.D.Panvalkar and featured dialogues by Vasant Dev.In this acclaimed cop-drama the protagonist played by Om Puri is a policeman struggling with the evils around him and with his own frailties.
 Ride Tonight! (Swedish:Rid i natt) is a 1942 Swedish historical drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Oscar Ljung Gerd Hagman and Eva Dahlbeck. It is an adaptation of the 1941 novel Ride This Night by Vilhelm Moberg. The film like the original novel alluded directly to events in occupied Europe during the Second World War and helped to bolster anti-Nazi sentiment in neutral Sweden.
 Nova Zembla is a 2011 Dutch historical drama film directed by Reinout Oerlemans. It is the first Dutch feature film in 3D.The film describes the last journey of Willem Barentsz and Jacob van Heemskerk through 1596-1597 when they and their crew tried to discover the North East passage to the Indies. However due to the sea ice they are stranded on the island of Novaya Zemlya and have to spend the winter there in Het Behouden Huys (The Safe Home).
 Ue o Muite Arukō: Sakamoto Kyu Monogatari/Walking while Looking Up - The Kyu Sakamoto Story (上を向いて歩こう-坂本九物語) is a biography based on the Japanese singer Kyu Sakamoto's life. The movie was first broadcast on TV Tokyo on August 21 2005 as a commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Sakamoto's death.
 Flesh Will Surrender (Italian: Il delitto di Giovanni Episcopo) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Vishwaroopam is a 1980 Tamil Indian feature film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar for Krishna's Padmalaya Pictures. The film stars Shivaji Ganesan Sridevi and Sujatha in the lead roles.
 Clorophilla: Soul Nature and Bikes is a mountain-biking film released in 2006 and entirely filmed in Abruzzo Italy. Unlike other freeride mountain-biking movies where several stars and world-level champions are gathered by a producer Clorophilla was born from the passion of a group of six friends who started filming their freeride experiences.
 Women in War is a 1940 American drama film directed by John H. Auer and starring Elsie Janis. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects (Howard Lydecker William Bradford Ellis J. Thackery Herbert Norsch).
 La Caleta olvidada is a 1958 Chilean film directed by Bruno Gebel. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tajna starog tavana is a Croatian children's film directed by Vladimir Tadej. It was released in 1984.
 Lock Up is a 1989 American prison film directed by John Flynn starring Sylvester Stallone and Donald Sutherland. The film was released in the United States on August 4 1989.
 Beyond the Law is a 1992 TV film written and directed by Larry Ferguson. It tells the story of Dan Saxon an undercover cop who infiltrates a biker gang to arrest the men behind a drug-smuggling/arms-dealing operation. In order to maintain the trust of the gang's leader he must commit ever more dangerous and heinous crimes and must question how far he can go beyond the law.
 Aduthathu Albert is a 1985 Tamil comedy film directed by G. N. Rangarajan. The film features Prabhu and Urvashi in lead roles. The film produced by G. N. Rangarajan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 12 July 1985.
 Boyy Friennd is a 2005 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Vinayan. The film opened on 28 October .
 Ruby is a 1977 horror drama film directed by Curtis Harrington which was one of his last horror films. The film centres around a woman named Ruby Claire (played by Piper Laurie) who is the mother of a deaf-mute girl. She runs a drive-in theatre where bizarre things begin to happen to her employees and the spirit of her dead husband possesses her daughter.
 Monte Carlo is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Thomas Bezucha. Denise Di Novi Alison Greenspan Nicole Kidman and Arnon Milchan produced the film for Fox 2000 Pictures and Regency Enterprises. It began production in Harghita Romania on May 5 2010.Monte Carlo stars Selena Gomez Leighton Meester and Katie Cassidy as three friends posing as wealthy socialites in Monte Carlo Monaco. The film was released on July 1 2011.
 Garfield is a 2004 American live-action film directed by Peter Hewitt based on the Jim Davis comic strip of the same name. It stars Breckin Meyer as Jon Arbuckle Jennifer Love Hewitt as Dr. Liz Wilson and features Bill Murray as the voice of Garfield. Garfield the cat was created with computer-generated imagery though all other animals were real. The film was produced by Davis Entertainment and 20th Century Fox.
 The Wonderful Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl (German: Die Macht der Bilder: Leni Riefenstahl) is a 1993 German documentary film about the life of German film director Leni Riefenstahl directed by Ray Müller.
 Adventure in Warsaw (German:Abenteuer in Warschau) is a 1937 German-Polish comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Georg Alexander Paul Klinger and Jadwiga Kenda. The film was the second of two German-Polish co-productions following Augustus the Strong (1936).A separate Polish version A Diplomatic Wife was released.
 The Iron Lady is a 2011 British biographical film based on the life of Margaret Thatcher (1925–2013) the longest-serving Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of the 20th century. The film was directed by Phyllida Lloyd. Thatcher is portrayed primarily by Meryl Streep and in her formative and early political years by Alexandra Roach. Thatcher's husband Denis Thatcher is portrayed by Jim Broadbent and by Harry Lloyd as the younger Denis.
 Taj Mahal is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja. The film featured the director's son Manoj alongside fellow debutant Riya Sen in the lead roles with an ensemble supporting cast including Revathi Radhika and Ranjitha. The film's story was written by Mani Ratnam while music was composed by A.R.Rahman and Madhu Ambat handled the camera. The story of the film revolved around two clashing communities and two lovers caught in the vortex of their rivalry.
 Cry Terror! is a 1958 thriller film starring James Mason Inger Stevens and Rod Steiger.
 Un Ladro in paradiso(translated as A Thief in Paradise) is a 1952 Italian film.
 Sotto il segno dello scorpione (internationally released as Under the Sign of Scorpio) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani. It was screened at the Venice Film Festival.The film was defined as: perhaps the Taviani's most advanced film for creative originality and stylistic research.
 Haseena Wrong Number is a Pakistani Punjabi comedy-drama starring Kashif Mehmood Hani Shehzad and filmstar Nargis.The stage play is directed by Nasir Chinuti.Nargis said that she had never performed a vulgar dance.
 Repo Chick is a 2009 comedy film written and directed by Alex Cox. Like Cox's first feature Repo Man it centers on the repossession trade and a mysterious vehicle with a large reward. It is the second of Cox's microfeatures produced for a very low budget and given very little theatrical distribution. Although not a sequel to Repo Man it has been associated with it. It was released on DVD in North America and the United Kingdom in February 2011.
 Long Arm of the Law Part 3 is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau Elizabeth Lee Max Mok and Elvis Tsui. The film is the third entry of the Long Arm of the Law film series where each of the films have a different storyline.
 Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian-French-British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha (the Buddha before his enlightenment). Produced by Bertolucci's usual collaborator Jeremy Thomas it marked the team's return to the East after The Last Emperor.
 The Cactus Kid is a 1921 short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Chittemma Mogudu is a 1993 Tollywood film. It stars Divya Bharti in the leading role as Chittu Mohan Babu and Pooja Bedi.
 A Month by the Lake is a 1995 romantic comedy starring Vanessa Redgrave Edward Fox and Uma Thurman. It is directed by John Irvin and is based on the novel by H.E. Bates.
 Controlled Conversations (Polish: Rozmowy kontrolowane) is a Polish film released in 1991 directed by Sylwester Checinski.This very black comedy finds humor in what was otherwise a terrifying time: the outbreak of Martial Law in Poland in 1981.
 Andy Hardy Meets Debutante is a 1940 American family comedy film directed by George B. Seitz. The film stars Lewis Stone Mickey Rooney Cecilia Parker Fay Holden and Judy Garland. This is the 10th of the Andy Hardy film series.
 Kaliyil Alpam Karyam is a 1984 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Mohanlal Neelima Rahman Jagathi Sreekumar and Lizy in the lead roles.
 Maanikyan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2005.
 Oru Cheru Punchiri (English: A Slender Smile) is a 2000 Malayalam film written and directed by M.T. Vasudevan Nair. This is his sixth film as a director. The film stars Oduvil Unnikrishnan and Nirmala Sreenivasan in the lead roles. The film is based on Telugu writer Sriramana's short story Mithunam from the novel of the same title.
 Punaradhivasam (Rehabilitation) is a Malayalam movie by V. K. Prakash starring Nandita Das and Manoj K. Jayan released in the year 2000. This movie bagged the awards for National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam Kerala State Film Award for Best Debut Director and Kerala State Film Award for Best Story.
 Copacabana is a 1947 American musical comedy film starring Groucho Marx and Carmen Miranda.It was the first film Miranda made after buying out her contract at 20th Century Fox (for $75000). She wanted to break out of the stereotypes she had been saddled with all though the years of the Good Neighbor Policy. This was also Groucho's first role as a solo.The film is a showcase for Carmen Miranda who performs several numbers in her usual style including a high-energy rendition of Tico-Tico.
 Woman's World also known as A Woman's World is a 1954 Technicolor drama film about corporate America. Three men compete for the top job at a large company.
 Chilly Scenes of Winter (originally released as Head over Heels) is a 1979 romantic comedy film written and directed by Joan Micklin Silver.The film is an adaptation of the 1976 novel Chilly Scenes of Winter by Ann Beattie.
 The Ice House (Also known as: Love in Cold Blood and The Passion Pit) is a 1969 American horror-thriller film directed by Stuart E. McGowan. The feature starred the twin brothers David and Robert Story with Jim Davis Scott Brady Nancy Dow Karen Lee and model/actress Sabrina in one of her last film roles.
 Hira Aur Patthar is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Vijay Bhatt and starring Shashi Kapoor and Shabana Azmi.
 Young Man of Manhattan is a 1930 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Monta Bell and starring Claudette Colbert Norman Foster Ginger Rogers and Charles Ruggles. It had been filmed in New York City.
 El Comisario de Tranco Largo is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Pale Rider is a 1985 American western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood who also stars in the lead role. This movie bears a striking similarity to the classic Western Shane as well as similarities to Eastwood's earlier film High Plains Drifter. The title is a reference to the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse as the rider of a pale horse is Death.
 Ice Cream I Scream (Turkish: Dondurmam Gaymak) is an award-winning 2006 Turkish comedy film written and directed by Yüksel Aksu. Only one professional actor Turan Özdemir starred in the movie the rest being residents of Muğla Turkey.The film was Turkey's official submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 79th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Sister My Sister is a 1994 film starring British actresses Julie Walters Joely Richardson and Jodhi May. The film is directed by Nancy Meckler and written by Wendy Kesselman based on her own play My Sister in This House. Both the play and the subsequent film deal with societal repression and its victims.The film is based on a true incident in Le Mans France in 1933 called the Papin murder case where two sisters brutally murdered their employer and her daughter.
 Ennavale is a 2000 Tamil romantic film directed by J. Suresh which features Madhavan and Sneha in the lead roles. The film also featured Manivannan Thalaivasal Vijay and Charle in pivotal roles while music was composed by S. A. Rajkumar. The film released on December 22 2000 to poor reviews from film critics.
 God's House is a documentary film produced by JWM Productions and directed by Rachel Goslins.The film follows Norman H. Gershman an American photographer as he travels to Albania a mostly Muslim country interviewing and photographing families who rescued Jews during World War II. Along the way Gershman meets Rexhep Hoxha a Muslim shopkeeper. Rexhep seeks to fulfill a promise made by his father to the Jewish family they sheltered during Nazi occupation.
 The Dictator is a 1935 British historical drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Clive Brook Madeleine Carroll Emlyn Williams and Helen Haye. The film depicts a dramatic episode in Danish history: the tumultous relationship between King Christian VII of Denmark and his English consort Caroline Matilda in Eighteenth century Copenhagen and the Queen's tragic affair with the royal physician and liberal reformer Johann Friedrich Struensee. The film is loosely based on real events.
 Nerdcore for Life is a 2008 documentary film about the world of Nerdcore hip-hop directed Dan Lamoureux and produced by Crapbot Productions.
 Shankar Dada Zindabad (translation: Long Live Shankar Dada) is an 2007 Telugu film which is a remake of the 2006 Hindi blockbuster Lage Raho Munnabhai. Rajkumar Hirani the director and co-screenwriter of the Munna Bhai series is one of the screenwriters for this film (along with the Paruchuri Brothers). In addition Dilip Prabhavalkar reprised his role as Mahatma Gandhi.
 Baby Face is a 1933 American dramatic film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Barbara Stanwyck and George Brent. Based on a story by Darryl F. Zanuck (under the pseudonym Mark Canfield) this sexually charged Pre-Code Hollywood film is about an attractive young woman who uses sex to advance her social and financial status.
 Booky and the Secret Santa is a 2007 Canadian family television movie starring Rachel Marcus and Megan Follows. Directed by Peter Moss from a book adapted by Joe Wiesenfeld and written by Bernice Thurman Hunter. The movie first aired December 11 2007 on CBC Television. A prequel set five years before 2006's Booky Makes Her Mark all the juvenile roles were recast.
 The 13th Warrior is a 1999 American historical fiction action film starring Antonio Banderas as Ahmad ibn Fadlan and Vladimir Kulich as Buliwyf. It is based on the novel Eaters of the Dead by Michael Crichton and is a loose retelling of the tale of Beowulf. It was directed by John McTiernan and an uncredited Crichton.[citation needed]The 13th Warrior was a financial failure. Production and marketing costs totaled $160 million but it only grossed $61 million at the box office worldwide.
 Pizza II: Villa is an Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by debutant Deepan Chakravarthy. It stars Ashok Selvan and Sanchita Shetty in lead roles while Nassar and Vegan Rajesh appear in other pivotal roles The music for the film was composed by Santhosh Narayanan while cinematography was handled by Deepak Kumar Padhy and Leo John Paul has done the editing. Produced jointly by Thirukumaran Entertainment and Studio Green Pizza II: Villa is a spiritual successor to Pizza (2012).
 Aphrodite is a 1982 French–Swiss soft-core sex film directed by Robert Fuest. The film is inspired by a novel by Pierre Louÿs and stars Valérie Kaprisky and Horst Buchholz. The story follows a group of visitors who come to an island where they are involved in different sexual liaisons.
 Charity Castle is a 1917 silent comedy-drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham. The film is believed to be lost.
 The American Game is a 1979 documentary film directed by Jay Freund and David Wolf contrasting the experiences of two high-school seniors basketball players from remarkably different backgrounds.
 Jaaneman is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Raja Chanda starring Soham Chakraborty and Koel Mallick. It was produced under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films and is the remake of Tamil Blockbuster Paiyaa. The film is a romantic action packed film and has Ashish Vidyarthi Partho Sarathi Chakrabory and Saswati GuhaThakurta in supporting roles. Jaaneman showed poor results in the box office although the music of the film composed by Jeet Ganguly was a hit.
 The Gambler's I.O.U. is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Slightly Scarlet is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Edwin H. Knopf and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Suspension is a 2008 American science-fiction film directed by Alec Joler and Ethan Shaftel. It won the 2007 Spirit of the Independent Award for Best Science Fiction Film.
 Home for the Weekend (German: Was bleibt) is a 2012 German drama film directed by Hans-Christian Schmid. The film competed in competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012.
 Tension is a 1949 crime thriller film noir directed by John Berry and written by Allen Rivkin based on a story written by John D. Klorer. The drama features Richard Basehart Audrey Totter Cyd Charisse Barry Sullivan and William Conrad.
 Army of Shadows (French: L'armée des ombres</span>) is a 1969 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. It is a film adaptation of Joseph Kessel's 1943 book of the same name which blends Kessel's own experiences as a member of the French Resistance with fictionalized versions of other Resistance members.
 The Adventure of Doctor Kircheisen (German: Das Abenteuer des Dr. Kircheisen) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and stars Lotte Neumann Hermann Thimig and Hans Marr. It was based on the novel Das Mangobaumwunder by Paul Frank and Leo Perutz.
 Everyone's Going to Die is a 2013 British film written and directed by directing collective Jones. The film had its World Premiere at South By Southwest in 2013 followed by its UK Premiere at the Edinburgh International Film Festival.
 Sin-Jin Smyth is an unreleased horror film written and directed by Ethan Dettenmaier based on an old legend inspired by the Kansas Stull Cemetery. The story involves the Devil simultaneously appearing in two places the high plains of India and a Kansas cemetery every Halloween at midnight. The film stars professional wrestler Roddy Piper Jonathan Davis (vocalist of the metal band Korn) Richard Tyson and Jacqueline Moore.
 Yes Madam (Chinese: 皇家師姐) is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen. The film stars Michelle Yeoh as Inspector Ng who teams up with Carrie Morris (Cynthia Rothrock) to get a hold of microfilm which has been taken unknowingly by low level thieves Asprin (Hoi Mang) and Strepsil (John Shum).
 Hudugaata (Kannada: ಹುಡುಗಾಟ) is a 2007 Kannada film directed by Sanjay K and produced by B.G. Babu Reddy under the Nitin productions banner. The film stars Golden Star Ganesh Rekha Vedavyas and Avinash in pivotal roles. The soundtrack composed by Jassie Gift was launched on 27 May 2007. It was originally planned to be released on 1 June 2007 but the film released on 8 June 2007. It completed its 100 days run successfully.
 Sakuntalai (Tamil: சகுந்தலை) is a 1940 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. S. Subbulakshmi and G. N. Balasubramaniam.
 Tum Mile is a 2009 Bollywood disaster film directed by Kunal Deshmukh. The film stars Emraan Hashmi and Soha Ali Khan in lead roles. It is a love story set against the backdrop of the infamous July 2005 Mumbai floods. The film was released on 13 November 2009.
 The Story of Louis Pasteur is a 1936 American biographical film. It starred Paul Muni as the renowned scientist who developed major advances in microbiology which revolutionized agriculture and medicine. It was written by Pierre Collings and Sheridan Gibney and Edward Chodorov (uncredited) and directed by William Dieterle.Muni won an Academy Award for Best Actor while Collings and Gibney won for Best Screenplay and Best Story. The film was nominated for Best Picture.
 Swoon is an independent film written and directed by Tom Kalin released in 1992. It is an account of the 1924 Leopold and Loeb murder case focusing more on the homosexuality of the killers than other movies based on the case. It starred Daniel Schlachet as Loeb and Craig Chester as Leopold.Along with the films of Todd Haynes Gregg Araki and others Swoon is identified as part of the New Queer Cinema.
 Ghilli (English: Risk taker) is a 2004 Tamil action masala film directed by Dharani and produced by A. M. Rathnam. The film is a remake of Telugu blockbuster Okkadu that starred Mahesh Babu Bhoomika Chawla and Prakash Raj in the lead roles. Ghilli stars Vijay with Trisha Krishnan and Prakash Raj playing the female lead and antagonist respectively. The soundtrack and background score of the film were composed by Vidyasagar.
 Spook Busters is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the fourth film in the series.
 Strangers is a 1991 Australian film.
 Everybody's Baby: The Rescue of Jessica McClure (1989) is a dramatic television film for ABC based on the true story of the rescue of 18-month-old Jessica McClure in a water well. The film featured as extras many participants in the actual rescue and its coverage.
 Floored is a 2009 documentary film about the people and business of the Chicago trading floors. The film focuses specifically on several Chicago floor traders who have been impacted by the electronic trading revolution and whose jobs have been threatened by the use of computers in the trading world. Directed by James Allen Smith the film runs for 77 minutes.The film has become particularly relevant in light of the U.S.
 The Ruined Shopkeeper (Czech: U snědeného krámu) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1933.
 Old San Francisco is a 1927 American silent historical drama film starring Dolores Costello and Warner Oland and directed by Alan Crosland. The film was produced and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Sexo pudor y lágrimas (Sex Shame and Tears) is a Mexican film the second of the so-called New Era of the Cinema of Mexico (the first one was Like Water for Chocolate). It was the first film directed by Antonio Serrano.The film is based on the successful play of the same name which ran for two consecutive years and was written by Serrano himself. After the film was released it broke box-office records in Mexico (118 million Mexican pesos roughly 10.9 million U.S.
 Thank You Jeeves! (1936) is a comedy film starring Arthur Treacher and David Niven.Although the film bears the same title as one of P.G. Wodehouse's novels and the two leading characters are Jeeves (played by Treacher) and Bertie Wooster (Niven) the screenplay by Stephen Gross and Joseph Hoffman bears no similarity to any Wodehouse novel.
 Marcello: A Sweet Life is a 2006 Italian documentary film about actor Marcello Mastroianni.
 Terraferma (English: Dry Land) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Emanuele Crialese. The film premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Italian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Police Tactics (仁義なき戦い　頂上作戦 Jingi naki tatakai: Chojo sakusen) is part four of a series of yakuza films directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 Das Mädchen auf dem Brett is an East German film. It was released in 1967.
 Thaali Bhagyam is a Tamil film is directed by K.B. Nagabhushanam released in 1966.
 American Flyers is a 1985 film starring Kevin Costner David Marshall Grant Rae Dawn Chong Alexandra Paul and Janice Rule about bicycle racing. It was directed by John Badham and written by Steve Tesich (who had previously won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for another film featuring a bicycle race 1979's Breaking Away).
 Sixty Glorious Years is a 1938 British film directed by Herbert Wilcox. The film is a sequel to the 1937 film Victoria the Great.The film is also known as Queen of Destiny in the US.
 The Little Mermaid is a 1989 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Based on the Danish fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen The Little Mermaid tells the story of a beautiful mermaid who dreams of becoming human.
 American Blackout (2006) is a documentary film directed by Ian Inaba. It premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. The film chronicles the 2002 defeat and 2004 reelection of Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney to the U.S.
 Especialista en señoras is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Future Memories: Last Christmas (未来の想い出 Last Christmas Mirai no Omoide: Last Christmas) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita.
 So Happy Together is a comedy film about friendship. Lianne is played by Kris Aquino whose relationships always fail while Osmond (played by Eric Quizon) is the gay best friend. Their friendship lasts for decades even beyond Lianne's becoming a mother to two teenage daughters and until Osmond's death. It is also produced by Regal Films.
 Her Third (German: Der Dritte) is a 1972 East German (then GDR) film directed by Egon Günther and starring Jutta Hoffmann Barbara Dittus Rolf Ludwig and Armin Mueller-Stahl. The film is based on the short story Unter den Bäumen regnet es zweimal by Eberhard Panitz and tells the story of the single mother Margit looking for a new partner. The film was produced in 1971 by the DEFA film studio and premiered on 16 March 1972 in East Berlin.
 Sister Act is a 1992 American comedy film released by Columbia Pictures. Directed by Emile Ardolino it features musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman and stars Whoopi Goldberg as a Reno lounge singer who has been put under protective custody in a San Francisco convent of Poor Clares and has to pretend to be a nun when a mob boss puts her on his hit list. Also in the cast are Kathy Najimy Maggie Smith Wendy Makkena Mary Wickes and Harvey Keitel.
 Rainbow is a television movie about the early life of actress Judy Garland that first aired in 1978 on American television.
 Graduation is a coming-of-age film starring Chris Lowell Chris Marquette and Riley Smith released in May 2008. It was made in collaboration with the producers of The Virgin Suicides and Seabiscuit. The movie was shot in Beaver Falls Pennsylvania in 2005.Additional scenes were shot in and outside of North Hills Senior High School.
 Digging to China is a 1998 American drama film that marked the directorial debut of actor Timothy Hutton and the screen debut of Evan Rachel Wood. The screenplay by Karen Janszen focuses on the friendship forged between a precocious pre-teenaged girl with a vivid imagination and a mentally challenged adult male.
 Hercules in the Valley of Woe (Italian: Maciste contro Ercole nella valle dei guai also known as Maciste Against Hercules in the Valley of Woe) is a 1961 Italian Franco and Ciccio comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Kirk Morris as Maciste and Frank Gordon as Hercules.
 13 Frightened Girls (also known as The Candy Web) is a 1963 Cold War spy film directed and produced by William Castle. Kathy Dunn stars as a teenage sleuth who finds herself embroiled in international espionage.Castle was famous for promoting his films with gimmicks and this one was no exception. He generated publicity by advertising for girls from 13 different countries to compete for parts as daughters of diplomats. As usual he stretched the truth to suit his needs.
 Bomber's Moon is a 1943 American wartime propaganda film produced by 20th Century Fox based on an unpublished magazine serial Bomber's Moon by Leonard Lee.
 7 Pecados Rurais is a 2013 Portuguese film directed by Nicolau Breyner. It was the Portuguese film with the largest number of admissions in Portugal in 2013 with 281423.
 Mary Queen of Scots is a 1971 Universal Pictures biographical film based on the life of Mary Queen of Scots. Leading an all-star cast are Vanessa Redgrave as the titular character and Glenda Jackson as Elizabeth I. In the same year Jackson played the part of Elizabeth in the TV drama Elizabeth R.The screenplay was written by John Hale and the film directed by Charles Jarrott.
 Like Someone in Love (Japanese: ライク・サムワン・イン・ラブ Raiku Samuwan In Rabu) is a Japanese-language drama film written and directed by Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami starring Rin Takanashi Tadashi Okuno and Ryō Kase. The French-Japanese production competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 Separate We Come Separate We Go is a 2012 British coming-of-age drama short film written and directed by Bonnie Wright. The film had its world premiere at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival short film corner on 21 May 2012 and screened at the BAFTA Graduate on 11 June 2012. The film premiered in USA at Gold Coast International Film Festival on 25 October 2013.
 Children of Sorrow is a 2012 horror movie that was directed by Jourdan McClure and part of the After Dark Originals series. The movie had its world release on October 6 2012 at the Sacramento Horror Film Festival and was released to DVD on March 4 2014 through Lionsgate Home Entertainment. The film stars Bill Oberst Jr. as a twisted cult leader.
 Fourteen Hours is a 1951 drama film directed by Henry Hathaway which tells the story of a New York police officer trying to stop a despondent man from jumping to his death from the fifteenth floor of a hotel.This won critical acclaim for Richard Basehart who portrayed the mentally disturbed man on the building ledge. Paul Douglas played the officer and a large supporting cast included Barbara Bel Geddes Agnes Moorehead Robert Keith Debra Paget and Howard Da Silva.
 Coco is a 2009 French comedy film written directed and starring Gad Elmaleh. The film is based on a character sketch he created for his one-man show La Vie Normale. The film earned $8.5 million in its opening weekend at the French box office and went on to gross $11.7 million in the European market. Although it was a box office success Coco was not well received by critics.
 Moodu Pani (English: (lit.) The Mist) is a 1980 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film directed by Balu Mahendra and produced by Raja Cine Arts. The film stars Shobha and Prathap Pothan in the lead roles while N. Viswanathan Bhanu Chander and Mohan (in his Tamil debut) appear in supporting roles. It is based on the novel Idhuvum Oru Viduthalai Thaan by Rajendra Kumar and draws inspiration from Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 thriller film Psycho.
 Starry Eyes is a 2014 horror film directed and written by Kevin Kölsch and Dennis Widmyer. The film had its world premiere on March 8 2014 at South by Southwest and features Alexandra Essoe as a hopeful young starlet that finds that fame's price is not always easily paid. Funding for the movie was partially raised through a successful Kickstarter campaign.
 London Betty is a 2009 American comedy/adventure film directed and written by Thomas Edward Seymour. The film includes performances by Nicole Lewis Daniel von Bargen Russ Russo and director Seymour as well as narration by Clint Howard. London Betty made the list of Top Films of the Year on Moviesmademe.com in 2009. Originally having a theatrical release in 2009 the film was released on DVD in 2010 through Maverick Entertainment on their Platinum Label.
 The Last of the High Kings is a 1996 coming of age film set in Howth Dublin Ireland in the 1970s where the teenagers of the story are dealing with the birth of punk the death of Elvis Presley and the various dramas of their teens. The lead role of Frankie Griffin is played by Jared Leto. Christina Ricci also stars as an American visiting for the summer.
 The Dawn Rider is a 1935 Western film starring John Wayne.John Mason chases after his father's killer an outlaw who remains elusive until he is tricked into revealing himself with a decoy gold shipment. To complicate matters the killer is the brother of Alice the woman with whom Mason has fallen in love. Alice begs Mason not seek vengeance but a showdown is inevitable. A remake of this film in 2012 cast Christian Slater in the role of John Mason.
 Kangaroo is a 1987 Australian drama film directed by Tim Burstall and based on a novel by the same name by D. H. Lawrence.
 Bats (originally titled Blood Moon) is a 1999 American science fiction monster horror thriller film directed by Louis Morneau and produced by Bradley Jenkel and Louise Rosner. The film stars Lou Diamond Phillips Dina Meyer Bob Gunton and Leon.
 Paheli (Devanagari: पहेली English: Riddle) is a Bollywood fantasy film which released in India on 24 June 2005. It is a remake of the 1973 Hindi movie Duvidha. It was directed by Amol Palekar and produced by Juhi Chawla Aziz Mirza Sanjiv Chawla and Shahrukh Khan who also plays the male lead.
 Kidz in da Hood (Swedish title: Förortsungar lit. Suburb kids) is a 2006 Swedish film directed by Catti Edfeldt and Ylva Gustavsson.The film is also known as F.O.U. in Sweden (promotional abbreviation).
 The Wedding Date is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by Clare Kilner and starring Debra Messing Dermot Mulroney and Amy Adams. Based on the novel Asking for Trouble by Elizabeth Young the film is about a single woman who hires a male escort to pose as her boyfriend at her sister's wedding in order to dupe her ex-fiancé who dumped her a few years prior. The release was successful achieving $47 million worldwide at the box office against a budget of $15 million.
 The Lincoln Lawyer is a 2011 American thriller film adapted from the novel of the same name by Michael Connelly starring Matthew McConaughey Ryan Phillippe William H. Macy and Marisa Tomei. The film is directed by Brad Furman with a screenplay written by John Romano.The story is adapted from the first of several novels featuring lawyer Mickey Haller who works out of a chauffer-driven Lincoln Town Car rather than an office.
 Beach Red is a 1967 World War II film starring Cornel Wilde (who also directed) and Rip Torn. The film depicts a landing by the U.S. Marine Corps on an unnamed Japanese held Pacific island however is thought to be Red Beach Palo Leyte in the Philippines. A reference to the recent Bougainville Campaign early in the film presumably dates the action to November 1943 or later.
 The Air Up There is a 1994 comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and starring Kevin Bacon and Charles Gitonga Maina with Yolanda Vazquez as Sister Susan.
 Legend of the Lost is a 1957 Italian-American adventure film produced and directed by Henry Hathaway shot in Technirama by Jack Cardiff and starring John Wayne Sophia Loren and Rossano Brazzi. The location shooting for the film took place near Tripoli Libya.
 Red Apples Falling is a feature film starring Jim Jones and members of Dipset ByrdGang. The film was produced by Damon Dash and Adam Bhala Lough and was directed by Ethan Higbee. The film premiered at the New York International Latino Film Festival on July 30 2009.
 Under the Sun of Rome (Italian: Sotto il sole di Roma) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Renato Castellani. It was the first film of Castellani's Italian neorealism trilogy about poor people followed by È primavera... in 1949 and Cannes Film Festival Palme d'Or winner Two Cents Worth of Hope in 1952.
 First Desires or Premier Desirs (original French title) is a 1984 French/West German film and the last film directed by photographer David Hamilton.
 Mr Moto Takes A Vacation (1939) is a Norman Foster-directed entry in the Mr Moto film series with Lionel Atwill and Joseph Schildkraut and George Huntley as Archie Featherstone in supporting roles.As always Foster excels with the constraints of a low budget and access to 20th Century Fox's standing resources.
 6000 km di paura internationally released as Safari Rally is a 1978 action-thriller film directed by Bitto Albertini.
 Earth's Skin (Spanish: La piel de la tierra) is a 2004 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Fernandez. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Last Foxtrot in Burbank is a 1973 film directed by Charles Band. It is a spoof of Last Tango in Paris.
 Broadway Rose is a 1922 American silent romantic drama film released by Metro Pictures and directed by Robert Z. Leonard. It stars Leonard's then-wife Mae Murray and Monte Blue. The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding written for star Murray and was produced by Leonard's and Murray's production company Tiffany Pictures. Prints of the film are housed at the George Eastman House and Gosfilmofond in Moscow.
 The Wyvern Mystery is a 2000 BBC film starring Naomi Watts and Derek Jacobi. The film is based on Sheridan Le Fanu's novel.
 Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari (Mari: Олык марий пылвомыш вате-влак Russian: Небесные жёны луговых мари translit. Nebesnye zheny lugovykh mari) is a 2012 Russian comedy-drama directed by Aleksei Fedorchenko. The film was shot in Mari language and tells 23 different tales influenced by the Mari folklore. Each of these stories represents the specific approach to sexuality of the last authentic pagans in Europe.
 Zombie Nightmare is a 1986 zombie film directed by Jack Bravman. This movie was filmed in the suburbs of Montreal Canada. It stars Jon Mikl Thor.
 Symphony: Live in Vienna is a live concert by Sarah Brightman inspired by her Symphony album. It was originally only available as a premium for a donation to the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) in the United States. A lower-level donation would yield a free copy of the DVD and a higher-level donation would yield a set containing both the DVD and a companion CD.The 75-minute concert was recorded on 16 January 2008 at Stephansdom (St. Stephen's) Cathedral in Vienna Austria.
 Poochoodava (Tamil: பூச்சூடவா) is a Tamil language romantic film directed by Udhaya Shankar released in 1997. The film stars Abbas Simran Bagga Manivannan Nagesh Kalpana Jai Ganesh Chinni Jayanth PC Ramakrishnan and Kavitha. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Pelli Kala Vachinde Bala.
 Ghost Graduation (Spanish: Promoción fantasma) is a 2012 Spanish comedy film directed by Javier Ruiz Caldera.
 Harlow is a fictionalized drama based on the life of film star Jean Harlow with Carol Lynley in the title role. It was released shortly before Paramount Pictures' own film on the same subject. This was Ginger Rogers' last film appearance.
 Dizzy Dishes is an animated short film created by the Fleischer Studios in 1930 as part of the Talkartoon series. It is famous as a debut cartoon of Betty Boop.
 Marumagan (English: Son-in-law) is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by Manivasagam. The film features Karthik and Meena in lead roles. The film produced by K. Balu had musical score by Deva and was released on 7 July 1995. The film released to negative reviews failed at the box office.
 The Tigress (Ge. Die Tigerin) is a 1992 German film directed and written by Karin Howard. It was adapted from the novel of Walter Serner.The film portrays Berlin in the 1920s and features a charismatic con-artist who is intrigued in a romantic relationship. Both devise a diabolic plot to con a wealthy American but they end up entangled in a game of seduction and vendetta. This film stars George Peppard James Remar and Valentina Vargas.
 Loss (Lithuanian: Nereikalingi žmonės literary Unnecessary people) is a 2008 Lithuanian psychological thriller film directed co-written and co-produced by Latvian film director Maris Martinsons. In October 2008 it was announced that the film was Lithuania's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in the 81st Academy Awards becoming the first Lithuanian feature film ever to be submitted for the Academy Awards.
 Pannaiyarum Padminiyum (English: Landlord and Padmini) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy drama film based on the same-titled short film directed by debutant S U Arun Kumar of Naalaya Iyakunar fame. It features Vijay Sethupathi and Jayaprakash in the lead roles. Iyshwarya Rajesh plays the female lead while Sneha and Attakathi Dinesh appear in guest roles. Music is by debutant Justin Prabhakaran and editing by A.
 St. Vincent de Van Nuys also known as St. Vincent (working title) is an upcoming American comedy film directed and written by Theodore Melfi. The film stars Melissa McCarthy Naomi Watts Chris O'Dowd Bill Murray and Kimberly Quinn. The film will be released on October 24 2014.
 The Girl and the General (Italian: La Ragazza e il Generale) is a 1967 anti-war Italian comedy film starring Rod Steiger and Virna Lisi and produced by Carlo Ponti.In it a young woman (Virna Lisi) and a soldier team up to deliver an Austrian General (Rod Steiger) to Italian forces during World War I. Their quest for the 1000 Lire reward changes their lives unexpectedly.
 Heat is an upcoming American crime drama film based on a 1985 novel of the same name by William Goldman a remake of the 1986 version that starred Burt Reynolds.The film is directed by Simon West with a script written by Goldman. It stars Jason Statham Stanley Tucci Sofía Vergara Milo Ventimiglia Michael Angarano and Anne Heche. The film is set to be released on August 7 2014.
 Det ender med bryllup is a 1943 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Poul Reumert.
 Valley of the Stereos (1992) is a New Zealand film written by Costa Botes and George Port and produced by James Booth and Peter Jackson.
 Before Him All Rome Trembled (Italian:Avanti a lui tremava tutta Roma) is a 1946 Italian musical drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Anna Magnani Tito Gobbi and Hans Hinrich. Ado and Marco are a pair of opera singers who moonlight working for the Italian resistance at the time of the German occupation of Rome during the Second World War. They are sheltering a British soldier with whom they make contact with the advancing Allied forces.
 Fillmore — also known as Fillmore: The Last Days and as Last Days of the Fillmore — is a music documentary film primarily shot at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco California from June 29 through July 4 1971. It was released on June 14 1972.Fillmore documents the final run of concerts at the Fillmore West which closed after these shows.
 The Package is a 1989 political thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Gene Hackman Joanna Cassidy and Tommy Lee Jones. Set during the Cold War the film portrays an assassination conspiracy within both the U.S. and Soviet militaries. The Americans and Soviets are about to sign a disarmament treaty to completely eliminate nuclear weapons but elements within each country's military are vehemently opposed to such a plan and determined to stop it at all costs.
 Double Dare is a 2004 documentary film about stuntwomen specifically Jeannie Epper and Zoë Bell directed by Amanda Micheli. The documentary follows Epper and Bell over several years Epper from 1997 and Bell from the end of Xena: Warrior Princess in 2001 to 2003.
 Grizzly (also known as Killer Grizzly) is a 1976 horror film directed by William Girdler about an 18-foot man-eating Grizzly bear that terrorizes a National Forest. It stars Christopher George Andrew Prine and Richard Jaeckel. Widely considered a Jaws rip-off Grizzly used many of the same plot devices as its shark predecessor a huge box office success during the previous year 1975. In 1983 a sequel Grizzly II: The Predator was shot but never released.
 Get Married 2 is a 2009 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Nino Fernandez. A sequel to the 2007 hit Get Married it details the efforts of Mae and Rendy to have children.Although Bramantyo initially did not intend to make a sequel he was convinced after reading the treatment by Cassandra Massardi. The film in which most of the original cast returned was released on 18 September and viewed by 1.2 million persons.
 Sacco e Vanzetti is an Italian docudrama made in 1971. It was written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo. The film presents a dramatization of the events surrounding the trial of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti.The film's soundtrack was composed and conducted by Ennio Morricone.The song Here's to You introduced in this film (sung by Joan Baez) was also included in several later films.
 Bugsy Malone is a 1976 British musical gangster film directed by Alan Parker. Set in 1929 Chicago the film is very loosely based on events in Chicago from the early 1920s to 1931 in the Prohibition era specifically the exploits of gangsters like Al Capone and Bugs Moran as dramatized in cinema.
 Thedi Vandha Mappillai (In English: I came looking for the groom) is a Tamil film directed by P.R. Panthulu released in 1970.
 The Unknown Tomorrow (German: Das unbekannte Morgen) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Werner Krauss María Corda and Olga Limburg. A wife is wrongly believed of adultery by her husband who leaves her. She then struggles to prove her innocence and win him back while foiling the machinations of an admirer of hers who wishes to keep her apart from her husband.
 White Frog is an American film written by Fabienne Wen and Ellie Wen and directed by Quentin Lee. It is a drama-comedy aimed at young adults about 15-year-old Nick (Booboo Stewart) a neglected teen with mild Asperger’s syndrome whose life is changed forever when tragedy hits his family. It is a story of the power of family friendship and love.Its début was at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival on March 8 2012.
 Jigri Dost is a 1969 Indian film directed by Ravikant Nagaich. It stars Jeetendra in a double role Mumtaz and Komal who is in fact Poonam Sinha Shatrughan Sinha's wife. It is the remake of MGR's Matukara Velan.
 The Virgin Queen of St. Francis High is a Canadian 1987 high school comedy film about a teen Casanova who bets his high school rival and his friends that he can score with the school beauty queen. The film was directed by Francesco Lucente and stars Joseph R. Straface Stacy Christensen and J.T. Wotton.
 The Case Against Mrs Ames is a 1936 mystery-drama film written by C. Graham Baker and Gene Towne based on a serial of the same name by Arthur Somers Roche originally published in Collier's Weekly magazine in 1934 and then as a novel in 1936. The film was directed by William A. Seiter and stars Madeleine Carroll and George Brent and features Arthur Treacher Alan Baxter Beulah Bondi and Alan Mowbray.
 Hostages is a war film produced by Paramount Pictures and released in 1943. It was directed by Frank Tuttle from a script by Frank Butler and Lester Cole based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Stefan Heym. The film stars Luise Rainer Arturo de Cordova William Bendix and Paul Lukas and features Katina Paxinou and Oskar Homolka.
 Sargam is a Malayalam film directed and scripted by Hariharan released in 1992. Dialogues was written by Chowallur Krishnankutty. The movie was produced by Bhavani Hariharan (wife of the director Hariharan) under the banner of Gayathri Enterprises. The cast of the movie included Vineeth Manoj K. Jayan Rambha Nedumudi Venu Urmila Unni Thilakan and Oduvil Unnikrishnan.Manoj K. Jayan's role as Kuttan Thampuran won the hearts of audiences and critics. Noted director Shaji N.
 Trapped in the Closet is a 2005 musical comedy-drama film directed by R. Kelly and Jim Swaffield and written by Kelly based on the song of the same name. Released in November 5 2005 the film follows protagonist Sylvester a man who in order not to get caught cheating decides to hide in his affair's closet.
 Nati (Marathi: नटी) (meaning: Actress) is an upcoming Marathi film directed by Yogesh Jaadhav. Nita Deokar has produced the film and Teja Devkar is in the lead role. The film is said to be an inspiration from Bollywood actress Jiah Khan's tragic suicide.
 Finding Kraftland is a 2006 independent documentary from Richard Kraft productions starring Stacey J. Aswad Richard Kraft and Nicky Kraft. It premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on June 17 2006 and continued to play in over 75 film festivals across the globe.
 Alexander and the Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Day is an upcoming American comedy film written by Lisa Cholodenko and Rob Lieber directed by Miguel Arteta and co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures 21 Laps and Jim Henson Pictures. It is based on Judith Viorst's 1972 children's book of the same name. The film is scheduled to be released on October 10 2014. The film stars Steve Carell Jennifer Garner Ed Oxenbould and Bella Thorne.
 The Unforgiven (Hangul: 용서받지 못한 자; RR: Yongseobadji mothan ja) is a 2005 South Korean drama film directed by Yoon Jong-bin. Turning painful experiences of his own compulsory military service into a narrative of three young men director Yoon presses the hot-button issue of military service in contemporary South Korea. Yoon's controversial exposé of psychological and physical violence within the ranks stimulated a national dialogue on the subject.
 Things to Come (1936) is a British science fiction film produced by Alexander Korda and directed by William Cameron Menzies. The film stars Raymond Massey Ralph Richardson Cedric Hardwicke Pearl Argyle and Margaretta Scott. The cultural historian Christopher Frayling calls Things to Come a landmark in cinematic design.The dialogue and plot were devised by H. G.
 Ravanaparabhu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2001.
 Levitation is Scott D. Goldstein film. The motion picture starred the Golden Globe-nominated American actress Sarah Paulson Ernie Hudson and Benjamin Heflin.
 Redeemer (Portuguese: Redentor) is a 2004 Brazilian drama film the debut film of director Cláudio Torres.
 Meet Market is a 2008 film directed by Charlie Loventhal and starring Alan Tudyk Krista Allen Elizabeth Berkley Laurie Holden and Julian McMahon. The movie is a comedy about singles in Los Angeles who attempt to find love in the aisles of a supermarket. The films was released directly to DVD on February 12 2008.
 Khamosh Nigahen is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Sound Off is a 1952 comedy film featuring several songs filmed in SuperCinecolor for Columbia Pictures starring Mickey Rooney. The film was shot in August 1951. The film was the first of a three picture contract between Rooney and producer Jonie Taps for Columbia where Rooney was paid $75000 for each picture. It is also the first collaboration between Richard Quine Blake Edwards and Dick Crockett.
 Hearts Up is a 1921 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 Das Autogramm is a 1984 West German drama film directed by Peter Lilienthal. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
 One Summer Again is a 1985 Australian mini series about the painter Tom Roberts and the Heidelberg School.
 The Uninvited also known as Victim of the Haunt The Haunting of Patricia Johnson and The House at the End of the Street is a 1996 made-for-TV film starring Sharon Lawrence and Beau Bridges. Inspired by true events the film was written by Karen Clark and directed by Larry Shaw.
 Superdome is a 1978 made for TV drama movie. It premiered on ABC as part of The ABC Monday Night Movie series and was used to promote Super Bowl XII. The film featured an impressive cast of stars but was ridiculed for its confusing and sensational plotlines as well as for containing no football scenes.
 Les Hommes nouveaux (English: The new Men) is a French drama film from 1936 directed by Marcel L'Herbier written by Marcel L'Herbier starring Harry Baur. Film was based on a novel of Claude Farrère.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame (in French Notre-Dame de Paris) is a 1956 French film version of Victor Hugo's novel of the same name directed by Jean Delannoy and produced by Raymond Hakim and Robert Hakim. The film is the first version of the novel to be made in color.It stars Mexican actor Anthony Quinn as Quasimodo and Gina Lollobrigida as Esmeralda.
 Come Dance with Me! (French: Voulez-vous danser avec moi? Italian release Sexy Girl) is a 1959 French-Italian drama film directed by Michel Boisrond and starring Brigitte Bardot. The film is based on the novel The Blonde Died Dancing by Kelley Roos.
 Anal Kaatru is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Komal Swaminathan and produced by Cine Friends. It stars Rajesh and Vanitha Krishnachandran in the lead roles.
 Loch Ness is a 1996 family drama film starring Ted Danson and Joely Richardson. It was written by John Fusco and directed by Jon Henderson.
 All I Want for Christmas is a 1991 American romantic comedy film that stars Lauren Bacall Thora Birch and Ethan Randall. It was directed by Robert Lieberman with music by Bruce Broughton including a theme setting song by Stephen Bishop. The movie is rated G in the USA.
 The Blues is a 2003 documentary film series produced by Martin Scorsese dedicated to the history of blues music. In each of the seven episodes a different director explores a stage in the development of the blues. The series originally aired on PBS (Public Broadcasting Service) in the United States.
 Countdown to Zero is a documentary film released in 2010 which argues that the likelihood of the use of nuclear weapons has increased since the end of the Cold War due to terrorism nuclear proliferation theft of nuclear materials and weapons and other factors.The documentary film was set for a July 9 2010 theatrical release in the United States but was changed to July 23.
 Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women is a 1968 science fiction film directed by Peter Bogdanovich. The film is an adapted version of Curtis Harrington's Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet which in turn is adapted from the Russian 1962 feature Planeta Bur by Pavel Klushantsev. No footage from Planeta Bur appears in Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women that did not appear in Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet and the dubbing is the same.
 An Impression of John Steinbeck: Writer is a 1969 American short documentary film directed by Donald Wrye about John Steinbeck. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Last Bolshevik (French: Le Tombeau d'Alexandre) is a 1992 French documentary film about director Aleksandr Medvedkin directed by Chris Marker.
 The Idiot (Estonian: Idioot) is a 2011 Estonian drama film directed by Rainer Sarnet and based on the novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
 Aaj Ka Hindustan (Today's Indian) is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Jayant Desai and starring Rose Prithviraj Ishwarlal Sitara and comedian Charlie. It was produced by Movietone. The film is the story of two brothers — one a nationalist (Prithviraj) .
 Memoria negra is a 2006 documentary film directed by Xavier Montanyà.
 Playing with Fire is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Francis J. Grandon. The film is considered to be lost.
 My Mother's Castle (original French title: Le château de ma mère) is a 1990 French film directed by Yves Robert based on the book of the same name by Marcel Pagnol. It is a sequel to My Father's Glory also filmed by Robert in 1990.
 Rising Moon is a 2005 Nigerian drama film directed by Andy Nwakalor and starring Onyeka Onwenu. The film received 12 nominations and won 6 awards at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2006 including the awards for Best Picture Best Visual Effect and Best Editing.
 Il prefetto di ferro (internationally released as I Am the Law and The Iron Prefect) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri. The film tells the story of Cesare Mori an Italian prefect that before and during the Fascist period was best known as the Iron Prefect and it is based on the biographic book with the same name written by Arrigo Petacco. The film shared with In nome del Papa Re the 1978 David di Donatello for Best Film.
 El Dorado is a French silent film directed in 1921 by Marcel L'Herbier. The film was notable for integrating a number of technical innovations into its narrative of a cinematic melodrama. It achieved considerable success on its release as a ground-breaking film that was distinctively French at a time when the cinema was felt to be dominated by American productions.
 Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow is a 2010 Sophie Fiennes documentary about the German industrial artist Anselm Kiefer's creation of a gesamtkunstwerk in an abandoned factory complex outside Barjac France. Kiefer moved to the South of France from Germany in 1993 and began creating his art installation La Ribaute on 35 acres of land belonging to an old silk factory.
 RoboCop is a 1987 American science fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner. The film stars Peter Weller Nancy Allen Dan O'Herlihy Kurtwood Smith Miguel Ferrer and Ronny Cox.
 Excessive Force is a 1993 American action film written by Thomas Ian Griffith and co-starring Burt Young directed by Jon Hess.
 Cuba is a 1979 film directed by Richard Lester and starring Sean Connery portraying the build-up to the 1958 Cuban Revolution.Connery is as a British mercenary who travels to Cuba which is on the brink of revolution with the authority of dictator Fulgencio Batista steadily collapsing. Connery encounters a former lover there (Brooke Adams) who is neglected by her Cuban husband (Chris Sarandon).
 Davy Crockett is a five-part serial which aired on ABC in one-hour episodes on the Disneyland series. The series stars Fess Parker as real-life frontiersman Davy Crockett and Buddy Ebsen as his friend George Russel. The first three episodes of the serial were edited together as the 1955 theatrical film Davy Crockett King of the Wild Frontier and rebroadcast in color in the 1960s when the Disney program went to NBC.
 SST Death Flight (aka SST: Disaster in the Sky) is a 1977 made-for-TV movie produced by ABC Circle Films. It featured an all-star television cast and was directed by David Lowell Rich who went on to direct The Concorde ... Airport '79. The film capitalizes on the popularity of 1970s aircraft disaster films this time with a supersonic transport aircraft that is refused permission to land due to the threat of spreading a virulent strain of influenza.
 Overture (Hungarian: Nyitány) is a 1965 Hungarian short documentary film written by János Vadász. It won the Short Film Palme d'Or at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Davy is a 1958 British comedy-drama film directed by Michael Relph and starring Harry Secombe Alexander Knox and Ron Randell. It was the last comedy to be made by Ealing Studios and had the distinction of being the first British film in Technirama.
 Commissioner is a 1994 Indian Malayalam crime-thriller film produced by M. Mani written by Ranji Panicker directed by Shaji Kailas and starring Suresh Gopi as Police Commissioner Bharath Chandran. The film also stars Ratheesh Vijayaraghavan Shobana M. G. Soman Rajan P. Dev Ganesh Kumar and Bheeman Raghu. The background score was composed by Rajamani and the cinematography was by Dinesh Baboo. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Police Commissioner.
 Jealousy Is My Middle Name (Hangul: 질투는 나의 힘; RR: Jiltuneun naui him) is a 2002 South Korean film. It won Best Film honors at the Pusan International Film Festival and the Rotterdam Film Festival and was the directorial debut of Park Chan-ok. It was inspired by the poem of the same name by Ki Hyung-do.
 The Diamond Arm (Russian: Бриллиантовая рука Brilliantovaya ruka) is a 1968 Soviet comedy film filmed by Mosfilm and first released in 1969. The film was directed by director Leonid Gaidai and starred several famous Soviet actors including Yuri Nikulin Andrei Mironov Anatoli Papanov Nonna Mordyukova and Svetlana Svetlichnaya. The Diamond Arm has become a Russian cult film and is considered by many Russian contemporaries to be one of the finest comedies of its time.
 A Hole in One is a 2004 film co-starring Michelle Williams and Meat Loaf. The film marked the feature debut of writer/director Richard Ledes. It received its premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2003.
 Kali Ghata (Hindi: काली घटा; transliteration: Black cloud) is a 1980 film produced and directed by Ved Rahi. This romance and mystery thriller stars Shashi Kapoor Rekha Danny Denzongpa A. K. Hangal Aruna Irani Lalita Pawar and Jagdeep. Music in the film is composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal with lyrics written by Anand Bakshi.
 Kinky Boots is a 2005 British-American comedy-drama film written by Geoff Deane and Tim Firth and directed by Julian Jarrold. Based on a true story the movie tells of a struggling British shoe factory's young straitlaced owner Charlie who forms an unlikely partnership with Lola a drag queen to save the business.
 Iron Eagle is a 1986 action film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Jason Gedrick and Louis Gossett Jr. While it received mixed reviews the film earned US$24159872 at the U.S. box office. Iron Eagle was followed by three sequels: Iron Eagle II Aces: Iron Eagle III and Iron Eagle on the Attack with Gossett Jr.
 Splinters in the Air (1937) is a British comedy film and is a loose sequel to the films Splinters (1929) and Splinters in the Navy (1931).
 Folies Bergère de Paris is a 1935 American musical comedy that won at the 8th Academy Awards for the short lived Best Dance Direction category along with Broadway Melody of 1936. The winner was Dave Gould. This is one of only four films to win in this category.
 Last Life in the Universe (Thai title: เรื่องรัก น้อยนิด มหาศาล Ruang rak noi nid mahasan) is a 2003 Thai film directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. The film is notable for being trilingual; the two main characters flit from Thai to Japanese to English as their vocabulary requires. The film stars Japanese actor Tadanobu Asano and Sinitta Boonyasak.
 Dharkan is an Indian film directed by Devendra Goel and released in 1972. The movie stars Sanjay Khan Mumtaz Rajendra Nath Helen Alankar Joshi (child artist) Roopesh Kumar and Bindu (in a cameo role). It was produced and directed by Devendra Goyal and music was given by Ravi.
 Vampiro: Angel Devil Hero is a 2008 Canadian documentary film about Ian Hodgkinson aka Vampiro a professional wrestler who currently lives in Guadalajara Jalisco. The film revolves around his biggest international tour and talks to him about life outside the ring.
 La vita agra is a 1964 Italian film by director Carlo Lizzani based on Luciano Bianciardi's novel of the same name.In 2008 the film was selected to enter the list of the 100 Italian films to be saved.
 Casa Ricordi is a 1954 Italian film based on the early history of the famous Italian music publishing house Casa Ricordi. It is directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Girl vs. Monster is a 2012 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on October 12 2012. The film stars Olivia Holt as Skylar a teenage girl who discovers on the eve of Halloween that she is a fifth generation monster hunter. Before she can practice the family tradition the monsters will try to stop her. The film was directed by Stuart Gillard and produced by Tracey Jeffrey. A promo for the film first aired on August 17 2012 during the premiere of Shake It Up: Made In Japan.
 The 13th Alley is a 2008 independent horror film. The film had its premiere at the 2008 Portland Underground Film Festival on June 13 2008.The film stars two actors from Hollywood dynasties - Robert Carradine (son of John Carradine brother of David Carradine) and Shayne Lamas (daughter of Lorenzo Lamas step-granddaughter of Esther Williams granddaughter of Fernando Lamas and Arlene Dahl).
 Temporary Freedom is a 2008 Moroccan film.
 The Fourth Man is a 2007 Serbian action film directed by Dejan Zečević.
 The Third Bank of the River (Portuguese: A Terceira Margem do Rio) is a 1994 Brazilian drama film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos and adapted from a short story by João Guimarães Rosa. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Espionage Agent is a pre–World War II spy melodrama produced by Hal B. Wallis in 1939. Directed by Lloyd Bacon Espionage Agent like many Warner Bros. movies clearly identifies the Germans as the enemy. This was unlike many other movie studios during this period that did not want to antagonize foreign governments.The film was released on September 22 1939 the day after President Franklin D.
 The Bride with White Hair is a 1993 Hong Kong film directed by Ronny Yu starring Brigitte Lin and Leslie Cheung. The film's main character Lian Nichang is loosely based on the protagonist of Liang Yusheng's novel Baifa Monü Zhuan which had earlier served as source material for the 1982 film Wolf Devil Woman.
 T-Force is a 1994 sci-fi film set in the near future about a group of law enforcement cyborgs called cybernauts which after being threatened with the shutdown rebel against their superiors and the authorities.The film much like other low budget sci-fi action or thriller movies of the nineties draws heavily on other more famous and commercially successful movies - Die Hard Blade Runner The Terminator and Total Recall.
 The Medusa Touch is a 1978 British supernatural thriller film directed by Jack Gold. It starred Richard Burton Lino Ventura Lee Remick and Harry Andrews with cameos by Alan Badel Derek Jacobi Gordon Jackson Jeremy Brett and Michael Hordern. The screenplay was by John Briley based on the novel The Medusa Touch by Peter Van Greenaway.
 A Last Note (午後の遺言状 Gogo no Yuigon-jo) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindo. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Fantaghirò (alternately titled The Cave of the Golden Rose) is an Italian fantasy film series based on Italo Calvino's Fanta-Ghiro the Beautiful. The series consists of five television movies which were released between 1991 and 1996. It was produced by Rete Italia and directed by Lamberto Bava and filmed in the Czech and Slovak Republics; the musical score including the theme song Mio Nemico (My Enemy) was written by Amedeo Minghi.
 Jandek on Corwood is a documentary about veteran reclusive folk/blues artist Jandek. Unlike most popular music documentaries the subject himself is not seen in the film in any way; instead various critics disc jockeys and journalists many of whom have had some contact with the notoriously reclusive artist discuss Jandek his equally mysterious independent record label Corwood Industries and his music (which reached 39 albums at the end of 2004).
 That Mothers Might Live is a 1938 American short drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann. It won an Academy Award in 1939 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel). The short is a brief account of Hungarian physician Ignaz Semmelweis and his discovery of the need for cleanliness in 19th century maternity wards thereby significantly decreasing maternal mortality and of his struggle to gain acceptance of his idea.
 Kisaragi (キサラギ) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Yūichi Satō.
 For the Barney and the Backyard Gang video see Barney and the Backyard Gang. For the album by Sonia Dada see A Day at the Beach (album).A Day at the Beach is a British 1970 film based on the 1962 book Een dagje naar het strand by Dutch author Heere Heeresma. The screenplay was written by Roman Polanski who was originally intended to be the director although most of the direction was finally done by first-timer Simon Hesera.
 Victim of the Brain is a 1988 film by Dutch director Piet Hoenderdos loosely based on The Mind's I a compilation of texts and stories on the philosophy of mind and self co-edited by Douglas Hofstadter and Daniel C. Dennett. The film weaves interviews with Hofstadter with adaptations of several works in the book: Dennett's Where am I? The Soul of the Mark III Beast by Terrel Miedaner and also the short story The Seventh Sally by Stanisław Lem.
 Riders of the Whistling Skull is a 1937 Three Mesquiteers Western B-movie of the weird western genre starring Bob Livingston Ray Crash Corrigan and ventriloquist Max Terhune with his dummy Elmer. It was directed by Mack V. Wright produced by Nat Levine and released by Republic Pictures. The film is based on the 1934 novel by William Colt MacDonald.
 Marc Mato agente S. 077 is a 1965 Spanish and Italian spy film inspired by James Bond directed by Gregg C. Tallas.
 Urbanized is a documentary film directed by Gary Hustwit and produced by Dr.
 Buying the Cow is a 2002 American direct-to-video comedy film directed by Walt Becker and starring Jerry O'Connell Ryan Reynolds Alyssa Milano and Bridgette L. Wilson.
 Los Fernández de Peralvillo is a 1953 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Oblong Box (1969) is a British horror film directed by Gordon Hessler starring Vincent Price Christopher Lee and Alister Williamson. This was the first film to star both Price and Lee.
 Aakhri Daku is a 1978 Hindi movie produced by Shanti Sagar and directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Vinod Khanna Randhir Kapoor Rekha Reena Roy Sujit Kumar Ranjeet Keshto Mukherjee and Paintal. The music to the film is by Kalyanji Anandji.
 Mera Naam Joker (translation: My Name is Joker) is a 1970 Hindi film directed by Raj Kapoor. The screenplay was written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. This film was the debut of Rishi Kapoor. Mera Naam Joker is a film about a clown who must make his audience laugh at the cost of his own sorrows.
 The Affairs of Jimmy Valentine is a 1942 American film directed by Bernard Vorhaus.The film is also known as Unforgotten Crime (American TV title) and Find Jimmy Valentine.
 Getting Started is a 1979 animated short by Richard Condie and produced in Winnipeg by the National Film Board of Canada.The film is comical look at procrastination based partly on the filmmaker's own experiences portraying the inability of a pianist to rehearse a Debussy composition.Awards for Getting Started included the Genie Award for best animation film.
 Hanthane Kathawa (Sinhalese language word means Story of Hanthana) is a 1969 film based on a love story of university students of Sri Lanka. It was directed by famous Sri Lankan film director Sugathapala Senerath Yapa and screened on August 1 1968. This film also remarks the cinema debut of famous actor Vijaya Kumaratunga.
 The Puritans is a short science-fiction film written and directed by Sean Robinson and produced by Paul Warner.
 Do Dooni Chaar (English: Two Twos Are Four) is a 2010 Indian Hindi comedy-drama film produced by Arindam Chaudhuri (Planman Motion Pictures) directed by Habib Faisal and stars Rishi Kapoor Neetu Singh Aditi Vasudev and Archit Krishna in lead roles. The film is about a middle-class school teacher who tries to keep his wife and children happy in inflationary times and dreams of buying a car. The movie also marks the return of the Kapoor pair as a lead couple on the silver screen.
 Dance 'til Dawn is a 1988 made for television teen movie directed by Paul Schneider.
 The Santa Clause 2 (also known as The Santa Clause 2: The Mrs. Clause) is a 2002 American romantic comedy-holiday film and the sequel to the 1994 film The Santa Clause. It was filmed in the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Calgary. All the principal actors from the first film reprise their roles except for Peter Boyle who returns portraying a different minor character. According to Box Office Mojo the film cost around $65 million to make and had domestic (U.S.
 Aitraaz (Objection) is a 2004 Bollywood romantic thriller produced by Subhash Ghai for Mukta Arts and directed by Abbas-Mustan. Loosely based on the 1994 Hollywood film Disclosure it tells the story of a man accused of sexual harassment by his female superior. The film stars Akshay Kumar Kareena Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra and was the third film collaboration between Kumar and Chopra after Andaaz and Mujhse Shaadi Karogi.
 Afterglow is a 1997 feature film starring Nick Nolte Julie Christie Lara Flynn Boyle and Jonny Lee Miller. Alan Rudolph directed and wrote the script for the film. It was produced by Robert Altman and filmed in Montreal.Christie's portrayal earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role but the award went to Helen Hunt for As Good as It Gets.
 The Amityville Horror is a 2005 American horror film directed by Andrew Douglas. It is a remake of the 1979 film of the same name which itself was based on the novel of the same name by Jay Anson which documents the alleged experiences of the Lutz family after they moved into a house on Long Island which had been the scene of a mass murder committed by Ronald DeFeo Jr. who murdered six members of his family there in 1974.
 The Heidi Chronicles is a 1995 made-for-television film by Wendy Wasserstein adapted from her play of the same name.
 Devan is a 2002 Tamil action film directed by Arun Pandian making his debut as director the film stars himself in title role being his 100th project as actor with Meena and Kausalya in the lead roles while Karthik Muthuraman and Senthil make guest appearances. Vijayakanth makes an extended special appearance. Malayalam actor Saikumar made his Tamil debut with this film.
 The Hero (Portuguese: O Herói) is a film about the life of average Angolans after the Angolan Civil War. The film follows the lives of three individuals; Vitório a war veteran crippled by a landmine who returns to Luanda Manu a young boy searching for his soldier father and Joana a teacher who mentors the boy and begins a love affair with Vitório. Directed by Zézé Gamboa The Hero won the 2005 Sundance World Dramatic Cinema Jury Grand Prize.
 The Dismissal is an Australian television miniseries first screened in 1983 that dramatised the events of the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis. It was partly written and directed by the noted film makers George Miller and Phillip Noyce as well as Mad Max screenwriter Terry Hayes with cinematography by Dean Semler. The miniseries comprised six one-hour episodes.
 Heaven and Earth Magic (also called Number 12 The Magic Feature or Heaven and Earth Magic Feature) is an American avant garde feature film made by Harry Everett Smith. Originally released in 1957 it was re-edited several times and the final version was released in 1962. The film primarily uses cut-out-animated photographs. The 66-minute cut of the film is now available on DVD and VHS from the Harry Smith Archives.
 Story of Barbara (Danish: Historien om Barbara) is a 1967 Danish film directed by Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tabi wa Kimagure Kaze Makase (旅は気まぐれ風まかせ) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Katsuhiko Tasaka (田坂勝彦).
 American Gothic is a 2007 drama-fantasy film written and directed by David Wexler. The film follows the lives of three vampires trying to get by in modern day New York City.American Gothic was an official selection of the 2007 Rome International Film Festival.
 Out of the Dark (Spanish: Aguas rojas) is an upcoming English-language supernatural thriller film starring Julia Stiles and Scott Speedman. The independent film is directed by Lluis Quilez based on a screenplay by Alex Pastor David Pastor and Javier Gullón. Filming took place in Colombia between April 2013 and July 2013 after which it entered post-production. A release date has yet to be announced.
 Charodei (Russian: Чародеи translations - Enchanters Sorcerers Magicians) is a 1982 Soviet film directed by Konstantin Bromberg loosely based on the science fantasy novel Monday Begins on Saturday by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky.First script was more related to the canon novel (Monday Begins on Saturday) and was in fact an intention to make its screen version with some new storylines though but Bromberg didn't like it and Strugatsky Brothers wrote absolutely new script from scratch.
 Tipu Kanan Tipu Kiri (English: 100 Lies To Hide A Wife) digital film from Malaysia directed by Chennai-based journalist Sharad Sharan. The film about a group of friends at the crossroads of life features a set of new actors including Natasha Hudson Sazzy Falak and Hans Isaac with noted Tamil actor Madhavan in a guest appearance.
 Union City is a 1980 American crime mystery film starring Dennis Lipscomb Deborah Harry and Everett McGill. It was based on the short story Union City: The Corpse Next Door by Cornell Woolrich and released by The Tuxedo Company and Columbia Pictures on May 17 1980.
 The Umbrella Coup (French: Le Coup du parapluie) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury starring Pierre Richard Gordon Mitchell and Gert Fröbe.The creation of the film was inspired by several assassinations of Bulgarian dissidents where the so-called Bulgarian umbrella was used as a weapon. The working title of the film was Le Coup du Parapluie Bulgare.
 The Preacher (Dutch: De Dominee) is a 2004 Dutch thriller film about a drug lord named Klaas Donkers. The film is based on Bart Middelburg's biography of real-life drug lord Klaas Bruinsma. The film received a great deal of attention because it came out shortly after the Mabel Wisse Smit affair which was caused by Dutch princess Mabel confessing to having lied to the Dutch royal family about her past relationship with Bruinsma.
 Live Forever: The Rise and Fall of Brit Pop is a 2003 documentary film written and directed by John Dower. The documentary is a study of popular culture in the United Kingdom during the mid to late 1990s. The focus of the piece is British popular music (Britpop) which underwent a resurgence during the mid-1990s and then seemingly retreated with similar haste towards the end of that decade.The political landscape of the time also features.
 Guns Girls and Gangsters is a 1959 B-movie crime/drama starring Mamie Van Doren.
 Familia unida que espera la llegada de Halloween is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Moyl: The Story of a Traveling Jewish Ritual Circumciser is a documentary made in 2004 by Emmy Award-winning director Moti Krauthamer. It profiles David Bolnick a man thousands of Jewish parents have trusted to make the cut that welcomes their child into the Jewish community.
 Winter Meeting is a 1948 American drama film directed by Bretaigne Windust written by Catherine Turney from the novel of the same title by Grace Zaring Stone (under the pseudonym Ethel Vance) and starring Bette Davis with Jim Davis who would portray patriarch Jock Ewing in the television series Dallas three decades later.
 Baby is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Tangewala is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Mumtaz and Rajendra Kumar.
 A Tailor Made Man is a 1931 American MGM comedy film directed by Sam Wood. Adapted from the 1908 Hungarian play A Szerencse Fia by Gábor Drégely (which had been re-staged in English in New York in 1917) the film stars William Haines and Dorothy Jordan. Hedda Hopper also has a role in it.On Broadway Grant Mitchell starred in the 1917 premiere and a revival in 1929.
 Soy Andina is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Mitchell Teplitsky. It tells the story of two New York dancers and their exploration of mixed Peruvian and American identities.
 El Alma de un tango (English language:The Soul of a Tango) is a 1945 Argentine musical tango film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen. It premiered on 20 April 1945.The film starred Héctor Palacios Warly Ceriani Lea Conti Elisa Labardén Percival Murray and Tino Tori
 Baton Baton Mein (Hindi: बातों बातों में) is a 1979 romantic comedy film produced and directed by Basu Chatterjee. The film stars Amol Palekar and Tina Munim in leading roles. David Pearl Padamsee Asrani and Ranjit Choudhary appear in supporting roles.The film's music is by Rajesh Roshan. At least three of the four songs became quite popular. The movie did above average business.
 Back at the Front is a 1952 film starring Tom Ewell and Harvey Lembeck based on the comic strip Willie and Joe by Bill Mauldin. It is a sequel to Up Front (1951).
 Witches' Brew (also known as Which Witch Is Which?) is a 1980 horror comedy film directed by Herbert L. Strock (additional sequences) and Richard Shorr who co-wrote screenplay with Syd Dutton. It was based (though without any screen credit) on Fritz Leiber Jr.'s novel Conjure Wife. Witches Brew is notable for being the final feature film appearance of Lana Turner.
 Zesshō (絶唱) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Eisuke Takizawa. It is based on a novel of the same name by Kenji Oe. The film was remade three times.
 Sons of the Pioneers is a 1942 American western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers George 'Gabby' Hayes and Bob Nolan. The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by the Hollywood studio Republic Pictures.
 Chelsea Girls is a 1966 experimental underground film directed by Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey. The film was Warhol's first major commercial success after a long line of avant-garde art films (both feature length and short). It was shot at the Hotel Chelsea and other locations in New York City and follows the lives of several of the young women who live there and stars many of Warhol's superstars.
 Murder on the Blackboard (1934) is a mystery film starring Edna May Oliver as schoolteacher Hildegarde Withers and James Gleason as Police Inspector Oscar Piper. Together they investigate a murder at Withers' school. It was based on the novel of the same name by Stuart Palmer. It features popular actor Bruce Cabot in one of his first post-King Kong roles as well as Gertrude Michael Regis Toomey and Edgar Buchanan.
 Swann in Love (French: Un amour de Swann German: Eine Liebe von Swann) is a 1984 Franco-German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff. It is based on volume 1 of Marcel Proust's 1919 novel In Search of Lost Time typically translated as Swann's Way. It was nominated for 2 BAFTA Film Awards.
 A Morte Comanda o Cangaço is a 1961 Brazilian action film directed by Carlos Coimbra and Walter Guimarães Motta. It was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 33rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Electric Alarm is a 1915 short drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 Last Leap (French: Le Dernier Saut) is a 1970 French crime film directed by Édouard Luntz. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.
 Un Tour de Manège (French pronunciation: ​[œ̃ tuʁ də manɛʒ]; a.k.a. Roundabout (UK) Once Around the Park (US)) is a 1989 French film starring Juliette Binoche François Cluzet and Denis Lavant. It is the first and to date only film directed by the acclaimed French theatre director Pierre Pradinas. The film was shot on location in Paris in the summer of 1988.
 Such a Little Queen is a 1921 American silent film drama starring Constance Binney and directed by George Fawcett who usually appeared in front of the camera as a character actor. This film is a remake of the 1914 film of the same name which served as an early feature length vehicle for Mary Pickford who had recently arrived at Adolph Zukor's Famous Players studio.
 Muse no Kagami (劇場版ミューズの鏡　マイプリティドール) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Yūichi Fukuda. It is based on the Japanese television drama series of the same name.
 Assignment K is a 1968 British thriller film directed by Val Guest and starring Stephen Boyd Camilla Sparv Michael Redgrave and Leo McKern. The film was based on the 1964 novel Department K by Hartley Howard.
 Tora-san the Expert (男はつらいよ 花も嵐も寅次郎 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Hana mo Arashi mo Torajirō) is a 1982 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Yuko Tanaka as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san the Expert is the thirtieth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series. This became the first Tora-san film to be released on DVD with English subtitles in 16:9 ratio when the Hong Kong label Panorama did so in 2006.
 Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German drama and science fiction film written produced and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer. Adapted from the 2004 novel Cloud Atlas by David Mitchell the film features multiple plotlines set across six different eras.
 Rich Relations is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Clifford Sanforth and starring Ralph Forbes Frances Grant and Barry Norton. Written by Joseph O'Donnell and based on the novel of the same name by Priscilla Wayne the film is about a secretary who is romanced by a ladies man unaware that her boss is in love with her. The film was released in the United States on February 1 1937.
 Lemonade Joe or the Horse Opera (Czech: ''Limonádový Joe aneb Koňská opera'') is a 1964 Czechoslovak acid western comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský and written by Jiří Brdečka based on his novel and stage play. The film a musical parody of old-time Westerns enjoys a near-iconic status in the Czech Republic as well as a considerable cult following and Henry Fonda was reportedly among its foreign admirers.
 Sexton Blake and the Bearded Doctor is a 1935 British mystery film directed by George A. Cooper and starring George Curzon Henry Oscar and Tony Sympson. It is based on the novel The Blazing Launch Murder by Rex Hardinge.Sexton Blake investigates the death of a top classical musician.
 Girlfriend in a Kimono is a short film shot in the summer of 2005 written and directed by Dominic Thackray who describes it as an anti-romance. Named after the 1987 song Girlfriend in a Coma by the Smiths it tells the tale of autoslacker Vincent who falls for French burlesque dancer Candice and who finds that consensus reality is unable to help him explain her lack of engagement.
 Gohatto (御法度) or Taboo is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Nagisa Oshima. It is about homosexuality in the Shinsengumi during the bakumatsu period the end of the samurai era in the mid-19th century.
 Bitter Flowers (Bitre Blomster) is 2007 Norwegian crime thriller directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen. It is the first in a series of six films about the private detective Varg Veum based on the books by Gunnar Staalesen. The film stars Trond Espen Seim as Veum.
 Crocodile Hunter (專釣大鱷) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau Alex Man and Sandra Ng.
 The Raven is a 2012 American thriller film directed by James McTeigue and based on a screenplay by Ben Livingston and Hannah Shakespeare. It stars John Cusack Alice Eve Brendan Gleeson and Luke Evans. It was released March 9 2012 in Canada Ireland the United Kingdom and the United States on April 27 2012.Set in 1849 it is a fictionalized account of the last days of Edgar Allan Poe's life in which the poet and author pursues a serial killer whose murders mirror those in Poe's stories.
 The Adventures of Frank Merriwell (1936) is a Universal movie serial based on the Frank Merriwell books by Gilbert Patten.
 Support Your Local Sheriff! is a 1969 American comic western film which parodies the often-filmed scenario of an iconoclastic new arrival who tames a lawless frontier town. Starring James Garner Joan Hackett Walter Brennan Harry Morgan and Jack Elam the film was directed by Burt Kennedy and written by William Bowers.
 For the 1916 film see An Aerial Joyride.An Aerial Joy Ride is a 1917 Fox silent comedy starring Josef Swickard Annette DeFoe and Raymond Griffith written and directed by Charles Reed.
 Quest of the Delta Knights is a 1993 fantasy/adventure sword and sorcery film that was featured in a September 1998 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. It is one of only a few movies shown on MST3K that was made in the 1990s.
 Kunwara is an Indian Hindi film directed by David Dhawan released on 14 July 2000. The film stars Govinda Urmila Matondkar Nagma Om Puri and Johnny Lever in lead roles. The film is a remake of Bavagaru Bagunnara?
 Rien que les heures (English: Nothing But Time or Nothing But the Hours) is a 1926 experimental silent film by Brazilian director Alberto Cavalcanti showing the life of Paris through one day in 45 minutes.
 Dir En Grey Uroboros at Budokan the Movie is a 2010 documentary film centering on a Japanese rock band Dir En Grey. Uroboros is the seventh album by Dir En Grey. The film presents a two-day performance of the album at the Nippon Budokan on January 9 and 10 2010.
 The Jazz Singer is a 1927 American musical film. The first feature-length motion picture with synchronized dialogue sequences its release heralded the commercial ascendance of the talkies and the decline of the silent film era. Directed by Alan Crosland and produced by Warner Bros. with its Vitaphone sound-on-disc system the movie stars Al Jolson who performs six songs.
 Kisise Na Kehna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 IZO is a 2004 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike. The main character of the film is Izo Okada (1832–1865) the historical samurai and assassin in 19th century Japan who was tortured and executed by beheading in Tosa.Izo appeared previously in Hideo Gosha's Hitokiri (1969) then played by Shintaro Katsu.
 Crying Man (Hangul: 우는 남자; RR: Uneun Namja) is an upcoming South Korean action thriller film directed by Lee Jeong-beom about a professional hitman (Jang Dong-gun) who falls in love with his target (Kim Min-hee).
 Bright Leaf is a 1950 American drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Gary Cooper Lauren Bacall and Patricia Neal.It is based on a 1949 novel of the same name by Foster Fitzsimmons. The title comes from the type of tobacco grown in North Carolina after the American Civil War. The plot is loosely based on the rivalry of tobacco tycoons Washington Duke and George McElwee[citation needed] according to Bright Leaves a 2003 documentary by Ross McElwee.
 X-15 is a 1961 dramatic aviation film that presents a fictionalized account of the X-15 research rocket plane program the test pilots who flew the aircraft and the associated NASA community that supported the program. X-15 starred David McLean Charles Bronson Mary Tyler Moore (in her first feature film role) Kenneth Tobey and James Gregory. The film marked the directorial debut of Richard Donner and was narrated by James Stewart.
 Dabangg 2 is a 2012 Bollywood action comedy directed and produced by Arbaaz Khan under the banner of Arbaaz Khan Productions. It's a sequel to the 2010 film Dabangg and is written by Dilip Shukla. The story is set in the city of Kanpur.
 The Molander Case (German: Der Fall Molander) is a 1945 German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. The movie is based on the novel Die Sternegeige by Alfred Karrasch. On August 28 1944 Pabst started shooting the movie for Terra Filmkunst. As shooting was just completing at the Barrandov Studios in Prague and the process of editing begun Prague was invaded by the Soviets and Pabst was forced to abandon the work. The remaining film is kept at the Národní Filmový Archiv (NFA) in Prague.
 Old Mother Riley's Ghosts is a 1941 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Arthur Lucan Kitty McShane and John Stuart. It was the 8th in the long-running Old Mother Riley series. Old Mother Riley inherits a castle in Scotland but it appears to be haunted.
 The Last Exploits of the Olsen Gang (Danish: Olsen-bandens sidste bedrifter) is a 1974 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe. This was the sixth film in the Olsen Gang-series and at the time of production it was to be the last one. It was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Take a Giant Step (1959) is a coming-of-age drama film directed by Philip Leacock about a black teenager living in a predominantly white environment and having trouble coping as he reaches an age at which the realities of racism are beginning to affect his life more directly and pointedly than they had in his childhood. Adapted from an eponymous play by Louis S.
 Dot in Space is a 1994 Australian animated film one of the popular series featuring Dot from Dot and the Kangaroo.
 Run for Your Wife (Italian: Una moglie americana lit. The American wife ) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro.
 From NFB to Box-Office (French: De l'office au box-office) is a 2009 documentary by Quebec film director and producer Denys Desjardins. The film documents the development of Quebec cinema from the founding of the National Film Board of Canada in 1939 to the creation of the Canadian Film Development Corporation in 1968 recounting the stories of Quebec filmmakers who never gave up on their dream to produce feature-length fiction films and creating a Quebec film industry.
 Night Mayor is a 2009 short film by Guy Maddin about a fictional inventor in Winnipeg who uses the Aurora Borealis to broadcast images of Canada from coast to coast in 1939 until the Canadian government shuts down his illegal project.The National Film Board of Canada (NFB) which was founded in 1939 commissioned Maddin to create a film for its 70th anniversary.
 Mademoiselle ma mère (English: My Mother Is a Miss) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Danielle Darrieux Pierre Brasseur and Pierre Larquey. The screenplay was written by Jean Boyer based on a play by Louis Verneuil. The music score is by Georges Van Parys. It tells the story of a rich young girl who avoids the sex with her older husband and falls in love with her stepson. The film was remade as Novio marido y amante (1948) in Argentina.
 The Betrothed (Italian:I promessi sposi) is a 1923 Italian silent historical drama film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Domenico Serra Nini Dinelli and Emilia Vidali. It is an adaptation of the 1827 novel The Betrothed by Alessandro Manzoni.
 Regina is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Salvatore Piscicelli.
 9 Dead Gay Guys is a 2002 British comedy film by director Lab Ky Mo starring Brendan Mackey and Glen Mulhern and released by TLA Releasing.
 Bangaru Kodipetta (Telugu: బంగారు కోడి పెట్ట ) is a 2014 Telugu film directed by Raj Pippalla and produced by Sunitha Tati under Guru Films and starring Navdeep and Swati Reddy in lead roles.
 LFO is a 2013 Scandinavian contained drama/Sci-Fi directed and written by Antonio Tublén about a man who realizes that he can hypnotize with sound. He starts experimenting on his neighbors where the abuse of power takes over and eventually severe consequences for mankind are at stake.The director Antonio Tublén also directed the 2009 film Original (film) Zentropa with Alexander Brøndsted and was awarded by Danny Boyle for best film at Shanghai International Film Festival.
 Juggernaut is a 1936 British mystery film starring Boris Karloff and Joan Wyndham. Directed by Henry Edwards it was based on the novel by Alice Campbell and was distributed by Julius Hagen Productions. It was also known as The Demon Doctor.
 Texas Lightning is a 1981 film written and directed by Gary Graver. The film stars Maureen McCormick who is most well known for her role as Marcia Brady in the hit television series The Brady Bunch. The film was originally intended as a serious drama that was to be called The Boys but the producers demanded that Graver re-edit it into a comedy.
 Lovers or Lovers? is a 1927 silent film romance drama produced and distributed by MGM and directed by John M. Stahl. It stars Ramon Novarro and Alice Terry. The is based on the play The World and His Wife and is a remake of a 1920 silent of the same name from Paramount.
 The Willi Busch Report (German: Der Willi-Busch-Report) is a 1979 German drama film directed by Niklaus Schilling. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Soundarya Pooja is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 The King of Ping Pong (Swedish: Ping-pongkingen) is a 2008 Swedish film directed by Jens Jonsson.It competed in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival where it received the Grand Jury Prize: World Cinema Dramatic and the World Cinema Cinematography Award: Dramatic awards.
 A Foundling also known as The Mojave Experiment is an American feature film which premiered at the 13th Annual Dances With Films film festival in 2010. Directed by Carly Lyn the film stars Cindy Chiu as a Chinese-American woman in the Old West who finds the wreckage of a mysterious aircraft in the California desert.
 David Uncle is a 1992 Tamil language comedy-drama film directed Guna. The film features Anandaraj Siva Sivaranjani Rekha and Sridevi Vijaykumar in lead roles. The film produced by L. Vasu and K. Rajpreeth had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 25 September 1992.
 Shiloh is a family drama film produced and directed by Dale Rosenbloom in 1996. It was shown at the Heartland Film Festival in 1996 but its general release came on April 27 1997. The original book by the same name was written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. There are two sequels Shiloh 2: Shiloh Season (1999) and Saving Shiloh (2006) both directed by Sandy Tung.
 Nacidos para cantar is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Kissed is a 1996 Canadian film directed and co-written by Lynne Stopkewich based on Barbara Gowdy's short story We So Seldom Look On Love. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7 1996.The film stars Molly Parker as Sandra Larson a young woman whose fixation on death leads her to study embalming at a mortuary school where in turn she finds herself drawn toward feelings of necrophilia.
 Dear Old London is a 1933 Australian short film directed by Claude Flemming for Efftee Studios. It is a travelogue of London.
 Il toro (also known as The Bull) is a 1994 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Carlo Mazzacurati.The film entered the 51st Venice International Film Festival where it was awarded with the Silver Lion and the Volpi Cup for best supporting actor (to Roberto Citran).
 A Woman Scorned is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Curtin is a telemovie about the wartime Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin.
 Fakira is a 1976 Hindi movie produced by N.N. Sippy and directed by C.P. Dixit. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Shabana Azmi Asrani Aruna Irani Danny Denzongpa Asit Sen Ramesh Deo Madan Puri and Shetty. The music is by Ravindra Jain. The film became a box office hit. The film's team of producer (N.N. Sippy) cast (Shashi Kapoor Asrani Danny Denzongpa Madan Puri) and music composer (Ravindra Jain) had teamed together before for the box office hit Chor Machaye Shor (1974).
 Goodbye Mr. Chips is a 1969 American musical film directed by Herbert Ross. The screenplay by Terence Rattigan is based on James Hilton's 1934 novella of the same name which was first adapted for the screen in 1939.
 Nail Gun Massacre is a 1985 horror film written and directed by Terry Lofton and co-directed by Bill Leslie. It follows a young doctor and sheriff as they try to find a killer wearing a motorcycle helmet who is killing locals with a nail gun.
 Balto III: Wings of Change is a 2004 American straight-to-video sequel to Universal Studios' 2002 animated film Balto II: Wolf Quest. It was released on DVD a digitally evolved evolution of Universal and Pioneer's LaserDisc format invented and developed by Philips Sony Toshiba and Panasonic in 1995.
 see also Quick Millions (1931 film)Quick Millions is a 1939 American comedy film one of the series of seventeen Jones Family films beginning with Every Saturday Night (1936) and ending with On Their Own (1940). Spring Byington appeared in all seventeen; Jed Prouty in all but the last one.In this entry the Joneses are convinced they've bought the Grand Canyon.
 Inserts is a 1975 British film written and directed by John Byrum while he was in his twenties and starring Richard Dreyfuss Jessica Harper Bob Hoskins and Veronica Cartwright. Featuring full-frontal nudity a drug overdose and no shortage of macabre humor it was originally rated X but later re-rated as NC 17.The film's title takes its name from the double meaning that insert both refers to a film technique and sexual intercourse.
 The House on 56th Street is a 1933 drama film starring Kay Francis as a woman sent to prison for twenty years for a murder she did not commit. When she is released her husband is dead and her daughter has been told she is too.
 Spotlight Scandals or Spotlight Revue is a 1943 American musical comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 The Flavor of Corn (Italian: Il sapore del grano; also known in English as The Taste of Wheat) is a 1986 Italian coming-of-age film. Written and directed by Gianni Da Campo the film stars Lorenzo Lena and Marco Mestriner and follows the story of a same-sex romance that develops between a young professor and his 12-year-old student.
 Billy Elliot is a 2000 British drama film written by Lee Hall and directed by Stephen Daldry.
 He Wanted His Pants is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Last Film Festival is an upcoming American film starring Dennis Hopper Leelee Sobieski Katrina Bowden Chris Kattan and Jacqueline Bisset. It is written and directed by Linda Yellen. Yellen hosted a special screening of the film in September 2013 in New York City. The film is seeking financial support to fully complete.
 Lost Patrol is a 1929 British silent war film directed by Walter Summers and starring Cyril McLaglen Sam Wilkinson and Terence Collier. The film was made at Welwyn Studios by British Instructional Films. It was based on the 1927 novel Patrol by Philip MacDonald. It was remade in 1934 by John Ford.
 For the Bob Dylan song with a similar name see Simple Twist of Fate.A Simple Twist of Fate is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Gillies MacKinnon. The screenplay by Steve Martin is loosely based on the 1861 novel Silas Marner by George Eliot.Martin stars along with Gabriel Byrne and Laura Linney.
 Eroica is a 1949 Austrian film depicting composer Ludwig van Beethoven's life and work. The film is directed by Walter Kolm-Veltée produced by Guido Bagier with Walter Kolm-Veltée and written by Walter Kolm-Veltée with Franz Tassié. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jhola is a Nepali movie based on the story by litterateur Krishna Dharawasi about the Sati culture that was prevalent in Nepali society until the 1920's in which a wife had to immolate herself upon her husband's death typically on his funeral pyre.
 Zoomates is an 8 minute animated short film directed storyboarded and produced by Butch Hartman and written by Seth MacFarlane. It aired on Nickelodeon's Oh Yeah! Cartoons in 1998 and Channel Frederator on February 28 2007.[citation needed]
 Tukaram is a 2012 Marathi biopic on the life of Saint Tukaram who was a 17th-century Varkari saint spiritual poet and devotee of Vitthala. The film was directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni whose directorial debut Bindhast received numerous awards. His other works include films like Bhet and Kay Dyache Bola along with 65 plays and a few TV serials. The film was produced by Sanjay Chhabria under the banner Everest Entertainment.
 Hinugot sa Langit (Snatched from Heaven) is a 1985 Gawad Urian Award winning Filipino melodramatic film directed by Ishmael Bernal based on moral values. It is considered a classic in Filipino cinema and picked up four Gawad Urian Awards. It is about an unwanted pregnancy and issues with abortion and the church.
 Achtung! Auto-Diebe! (English: Warning! Auto thieves!) is a 1930 German crime film directed by Harry Piel and written by Hans Rameau. The film starred Harry Piel and Leopold von Ledebur.
 Leikkikalugangsteri (English: The Toy Gangster) is a 1969 comedy directed by Ere Kokkonen written and starring Spede Pasanen. It was released the same year as Spede's Näköradiomiehen ihmeelliset siekailut and Pohjan tähteet. Though the film is principally in black and white the last 20 minutes are filmed in colour.Kari Sohlberg won the 1970 Jussi Award nomination for Best Cinematography jointly for the film along with Jörn Donner's Sixtynine 69 and Pohjan tähteet.
 Poonam Ki Raat is a 1965 film starring Manoj Kumar Nandini Shiv Kumar and Kumud Chhugani. It was produced and directed by Kishore Sahu. The music was written by Salil Chowdhury with lyrics by Shailendra.
 Exposé (also known as House on Straw Hill) is a 1976 video nasty starring Udo Kier Linda Hayden and 1970s sex symbol Fiona Richmond. On release it sparked controversy due to graphic scenes of sex and violence resulting in a re-release in 2006 with around 30 cuts.
 Lone Rider is a 2008 made for television Western. It was directed by David S. Cass Sr. and stars Lou Diamond Phillips and Stacy Keach.
 Broken Springs (original title Broken Springs: Shine of the Undead Zombie Bastards distributed under title 101 Zombies) is an independent horror film written directed produced and edited by Virginia native Neeley Lawson as his first feature effort. It stars Teague Quillen Jake Lawson and Shannon Wallen. The movie was filmed in late fall of 2008 mainly in Gate City Virginia U.S. and Rogersville Tennessee U.S..
 Brink! is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie set in the backdrop of aggressive inline skating.
 Clear the Ring French title Au revoir M. Grock (English: Farewell Mr Grock) is a French comedy drama film from 1949 directed by Pierre Billon written by Christian-Falaize and starring Grock and Louis de Funès. The German title of the film is Grock: Der Mann der die Welt zum Lachen brachte or Manege frei.
 The Show-Off is a 1934 film. It was the first movie Spencer Tracy made for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.Based on the hit play by George Kelly it made a profit of $78000.
 God's Step Children is a 1938 American drama film directed by Oscar Micheaux and starring Jacqueline Lewis. The movie is inspired by a combination of elements shared from two previous released Hollywood productions: Imitation of Life and These Three.
 Nejlepší ženská mého života is a 1968 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič and was his final film.
 Eve's Secret is a surviving 1925 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a Broadway play Moon-Flower by Zoe Akins adapted from a Hungarian play by Lajos Bíró. On Broadway Elsie Ferguson starred. Clarence Badger directed Betty Compson and Jack Holt. An extant film at the Library of Congress.
 Afraid of the Dark is a 1991 French-British drama film directed by Mark Peploe and starring James Fox Fanny Ardant and Paul McGann. A boy becomes convinced there is a murderer about as his mind begins to confuse reality and delusion.
 Dragonfly (Norwegian: Øyenstikker) is a 2001 Norwegian drama film directed by Marius Holst starring Kim Bodnia Mikael Persbrandt and Maria Bonnevie. It is based on the short story Natt Til Mørk Morgen by Ingvar Ambjørnsen.
 Farsighted for Two Diopters (Bulgarian: Два Диоптъра Далекогледство / Dva Dioptara Dalekogledstvo) is a 1976 Bulgarian comedy film directed by Petar B. Vasilev and written by Mormarevi Brothers. The film stars Georgi Partsalev Dimitar Panov Sashka Bratanova Ivan Obretenov and Valentin Gadzhokov.The film represents the clash between the generations in the person of the conservative father Dimo Manchev (Partsalev) and his daughter (Bratanova).
 Meatballs 4 (also known as Meatballs 4: To the Rescue) is a 1992 film that was the fourth and final installment to the Meatballs series of films. It was shot in its entirety at Bass Lake California in the late summer of 1991. Originally conceived as a comedy-drama titled Happy Campers the project was retooled after production had begun to be part of the Meatballs franchise.The film received mostly negative reviews.
 That Man Bolt is a 1973 action film directed by David Lowell Rich and Henry Levin. It stars Fred Williamson in the title role of a courier and Byron Webster. The film combined several genres: blaxploitation the martial arts film and James Bond superspy films (with some postures featuring the tagline He's Bonded).
 Marilyn: The Untold Story is a 1980 television movie about the life of the 1950s sex symbol-movie star Marilyn Monroe.
 Greedy is a 1994 comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn and written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel. The film starred Michael J. Fox Kirk Douglas and Nancy Travis with Phil Hartman Ed Begley Jr. Olivia d'Abo Colleen Camp and Bob Balaban appearing in supporting roles. The original music score was composed by Randy Edelman.
 Anokhi Ada is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Kundan Kumar. The film stars Jeetendra Rekha Vinod Khanna.
 The Triple Cross (いつかギラギラする日 Itsuka giragira suru hi) (aka The Day's Too Bright) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 Dear Secret Santa (also known as Christmas Card) is a Lifetime Television romantic Christmas film starring Tatyana Ali Jordin Sparks Bill Cobbs Della Reese Ernie Hudson and Lamorne Morris. The film was directed by Peter Sullivan. The film premiered on Saturday November 30 2013 on Lifetime.
 You'll Get Over It (French: À cause d'un garçon) is a gay-themed coming of age film released in 2002. The literal translation of the French title is Because of a Boy.
 Chelleli Kapuram is 1971 Telugu film directed by Kasinadhuni Viswanath. This is the first movie produced by senior actor Mannava Balayya under the banner of Amrutha films.
 Wooden Crosses (French: Les Croix de Bois) is a 1932 French war film by Raymond Bernard based upon a novel by Roland Dorgelès.
 Second Name (El Segundo Nombre in Spanish) is a 2002 Spanish horror film. The film is based on 2001 horror novel Pact of the Fathers by English horror writer Ramsey Campbell.
 Kiss the Sky is a 1999 film drama directed by Roger Young. The plot follows two men in their forties friends since college who travel together on a business trip to the Philippines. There they examine their lives and consider trading their adult responsibilities for a return to the hedonism of their youth.
 Excess Baggage is a 1997 crime-comedy film written by Max D. Adams Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais and directed by Marco Brambilla about a neglected young woman who stages her own kidnapping to get her father's attention only to be actually kidnapped by a car thief. The film stars Alicia Silverstone who was also a producer Benicio del Toro and Christopher Walken.
 The Pick-up Artist is a 1987 American film written and directed by James Toback. This romantic comedy starred Molly Ringwald and Robert Downey Jr. It was rated PG-13 by the MPAA.
 Police Court is a 1932 American Monogram Pictures drama motion picture starring Henry B. Walthall Leon Janney Lionel Belmore and King Baggot. Directed by Louis King and produced by I. E. Chadwick the screenplay was adapted by Stuart Anthony from his story. Police Court features an all-star cast from the silent film era.
 Friends with Money is a 2006 film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener. It opened the 2006 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2006 and went into limited release in North America on April 7 2006.
 Kærlighed og Mobilisering (English: Put Me Amongst the Girls) is a 1915 Danish silent film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.. The film stars Frederik Buch and Henny Lauritzen.
 Ezhai Jaathi (Poor Caste) is a Tamil Political drama starring Vijayakanth and Jayaprada in the lead roles. Prabhu Deva appears for a dance sequence along with Vijayakanth.
 Don Daredevil Rides Again (1951) is a Republic Movie serial. It makes heavy use of stock footage from Republic's previous Zorro serials. The character of Don Daredevil (Ken Curtis) was created for this serial as the rights to Zorro belonged to Disney by 1951.
 Love and Larceny or Il mattatore is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Nam Yajamanru (Kannada: ನಂಯಜಮಾನ್ರು) is a 2009 Indian Kannada drama film directed and written by T. S. Nagabharana. The film stars Vishnuvardhan along with Lakshmi Gopalaswamy Navya Nair and Vijay Raghavendra in the lead roles. The film was produced by Rajakumari Rajshekar.The film released on 27 February 2009 to generally positive reviews from critics. However the film failed commercially at the box-office.
 Yasmin (Hindi: यास्मिन) is a 1955 Hindi Black-and-white Costume drama written produced and directed by Abdur Rashid Kardar. The film starred Vyjayanthimala in the title role with Suresh in the lead while Jayant Rashid Khan Maruti Rao S. N. Banerjee Shyam Kumar and Rajan Haksar forms an ensemble cast. The film was produced at Kardar Studio. The films score was composed by C. Ramchandra duo with lyrics provided by Jan Nisar Akhtar. Editing was done by M. S.
 Greetings from Tim Buckley is a 2012 American film directed by Daniel Algrant starring Penn Badgley and Imogen Poots. The film follows the journey Jeff Buckley took in grappling with the legacy of his late musician father Tim leading up to and culminating with his legendary 1991 performance of his father's songs. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 9 2012 to generally positive reviews.
 Maîtresse (mistress or teacher in French) is a 1975 French film directed by Barbet Schroeder starring Bulle Ogier and in one of his earliest leading roles Gérard Depardieu. The film provoked controversy in the United Kingdom and the United States because of its graphic depictions of sado-masochism.
 Blue Hawaii is a 1961 American musical romantic comedy film set in the state of Hawaii and starring Elvis Presley. The screenplay by Hal Kanter was nominated by the Writers Guild of America in 1962 in the category of Best Written American Musical. The movie opened at no. 2 in box office receipts for that week and despite mixed reviews from critics finished as the 10th top-grossing movie of 1961 and 14th for 1962 on the Variety national box office survey earning $5 million.
 The Girl with the Golden Panties (Spanish: La Muchacha de las Bragas de Oro) is a 1980 Spanish Film directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Victoria Abril and Lautaro Murúa. The film was based upon a novel by Catalonian author Juan Marsé. La Muchacha de las Bragas de Oro explores the changing nature of a former fascist a reflection of Spain facing its past during Franco's regime. The film exhibits a sexual frankness which was off-limits in Spanish films made before 1975.
 The Girl in the Flat is a 1934 British crime film directed by Redd Davis and starring Stewart Rome Belle Chrystall Vera Bogetti and Noel Shannon. Its plot concerns a barrister's fiancee who is blackmailed over an alleged murder.
 Man Ki Jeet is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Freefall is a 1994 action film starring Eric Roberts Jeff Fahey and Pamela Gidley.
 The Cabin in the Cotton is a 1932 American drama film directed by Michael Curtiz. The screenplay by Paul Green is based on the novel of the same title by Harry Harrison Kroll.The film perhaps is best known for a line of dialogue spoken by a platinum-blonde Bette Davis in a Southern drawl - Ah'd love t' kiss ya but ah jes washed ma hayuh a line lifted directly from the book. In later years it was immortalized by Davis impersonators and quoted in the 1995 film Get Shorty.
 Don's Plum is a 2001 low-budget black and white drama film directed by R. D. Robb. Robb co-wrote it with Bethany Ashton Tawd Hackman David Stutman and Dale Wheatley. The film features Leonardo DiCaprio Kevin Connolly and Tobey Maguire who make crude jokes while hanging out in a Los Angeles diner. It was filmed in 1995–96. It was later agreed between DiCaprio Maguire Stutman Wheatley and Jerry Meadors that the film would be released outside the US and Canada only.
 Beaumarchais (French: Beaumarchais l'insolent) is a 1996 French biopic film directed by Édouard Molinaro and starring Fabrice Luchini Manuel Blanc and Sandrine Kiberlain. It is based on the life of the French playwright financier and spy Pierre Beaumarchais depicting his activities during the American War of Independence and his authorship of the Figaro trilogy of plays. It was adapted from a play by Sacha Guitry.
 Les Oreilles is a 2008 film.
 Hell's Hinges is a 1916 American Western silent film starring William S. Hart and Clara Williams. Directed by Charles Swickard William S. Hart and Clifford Smith and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
 The Crowd Roars is a 1938 film starring Robert Taylor as a boxer who gets entangled in the seamier side of the sport. It was remade in 1947 as Killer McCoy featuring Mickey Rooney in the title role.
 I'm Going to Tell You a Secret is a 2005 American documentary film directed by Jonas Åkerlund that follows singer-songwriter Madonna on her 2004 Re-Invention World Tour. The film premiered on MTV in the United States on October 21 2005 but was not released commercially until June 20 2006 in DVD by Warner Bros. Records.
 Circumstance (Persian: شرایط‎) is a 2011 dramatic film written and directed by Maryam Keshavarz starring Nikohl Boosheri Sarah Kazemy and Reza Sixo Safai. It explores homosexuality in modern Iran among other subjects.
 Lady Gangster is a 1942 Warner Bros. B picture directed by Robert Florey credited as Florian Roberts. It was based on the play Gangstress or Women in Prison by Dorothy Mackaye and is considered to be a remake of the pre-Code film Ladies They Talk About. Jackie Gleason plays a supporting role.
 Thigh Line Lyre Triangular is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage released in 1961 which depicts the birth of the director's third child Neowyn. The film which involves painting and hand-scratching over photographic images is more abstract than the director's earlier Window Water Baby Moving which documented the birth of Brakhage's first-born Myrrenna.
 Little Nikita is a cult 1988 American drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Sidney Poitier and River Phoenix.
 Best Man Down is an American film directed by Ted Koland. The film premiered at the 2012 Twin Cities Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on November 8 2013.
 Message to Love (directed and produced by Murray Lerner) is a feature documentary film of the Isle of Wight Festival 1970.
 Mrs Peppercorn's Magical Reading Room is a 24 minute Fantasy/Magical short film directed by Mike Le Han. In November 2010 the official trailer was released and entered into the International Movie Trailer Festival and won Best Trailer for an Un-Produced Movie. In March 2011 the film premiered at Bafta in London then in August of the same year was requested by Disney Animation Studios to screen at their Burbank facility in Los Angeles.
 I Am Really Sorry (Hangul: 진짜 진짜 미안해; RR: Jinjja jinjja mi-anhae; lit. I'm Really Really Sorry) is a 1976 South Korean film directed by Mun Yeo-song. It is a sequel to Never Forget Me (1976).
 The Spiral Bureau is a 1976 Australian TV movie about three psychic researchers.
 Alt For Egil is a 2004 Norwegian musical film directed by Tore Rygh starring Kristoffer Joner and Trond Høvik. Egil Hjelmeland (Joner) is a pizza delivery driver who decides to teach his best friend Jan-Ove Tofte (Høvik) who is mentally retarded how to drive the delivery car. The title is a play on 'Alt for Norge' (Norwegian: All for Norway) which is a patriotic Norwegian motto dating to World War II.
 Allemaal tuig! is a 1982 Dutch film directed by Ben Sombogaart.
 Pengantin Pantai Biru (literally The Bridegroom of Blue Beach) is a 1983 film directed by Wim Umboh produced by Ferry Angriawan and starring Meriam Bellina and Sandro Tobing. It follows two castaways children who grow up with one of their fathers but must fend for themselves after they are captured and deified by natives. Adapted from Henry De Vere Stacpoole's novel The Blue Lagoon via the film of the same name Pengantin Pantai Biru introduces several differences to the story.
 Only When I Larf is a 1968 British comedy film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Richard Attenborough David Hemmings and Alexandra Stewart. It is adapted from the novel Only When I Larf by Len Deighton and features Attenborough as an ex-brigadier con man in a variety of guises.
 Mandi (Hindi: मंडी translation: Market Place) is a 1983 Hindi movie directed by Shyam Benegal. The film is a satirical comedy on politics and prostitution and stars Shabana Azmi Naseeruddin Shah and Smita Patil.
 The Romantic is an animated 2009 American film directed by Michael P. Heneghan.
 Final Offer is a Canadian film documenting the 1984 contract negotiations between the United Auto Workers Union (UAW) and GM. Ultimately it provided a historical record of the birth of the Canadian Auto Workers Union (CAW) as Bob White then head of the Canadian sector of the UAW led his membership out of the International union and created the CAW.The movie depicts life in an era of massive industrial change in North America.
 Wives and Other Wives is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham based on a story by Jules Furthman. The film stars Mary Miles Minter and Colin Chase in the lead roles.
 She Always Gets Their Man is a 1962 British comedy film.
 Mother Teresa: In the Name of God's Poor is a 1997 film directed by Kevin Connor. It stars Geraldine Chaplin as Mother Teresa. Mother Teresa herself had approved the script but withdrew her imprimatur shortly before her death. It was broadcast on ABC Family then The Family Channel on 5 October 1997.
 Stanley Ka Dabba (Hindi: स्टैनली का डब्बा) is a 2011 Hindi film written directed and produced by Amole Gupte starring Divya Dutta Partho Gupte (son of Amol Gupte) Divya Jagdale Raj Zutshi and Amole Gupte. The film was released on May 13 2011.
 Sinner is a 2007 drama film directed by Marc Benardout. It stars Nick Chinlund Georgina Cates Michael E. Rodgers Tom Wright and Brad Dourif.The film debuted on Showtime on April 3 2009 and was released on DVD in June 2009 in North America by Matson Films.
 The Cynic the Rat and the Fist (Italian: Il cinico l'infame il violento) is an Italian crime action thriller directed in 1977 by Umberto Lenzi. The movie is the sequel to Rome Armed to the Teeth with Maurizio Merli reprising the role of Commissioner Leonardo Tanzi.The title of the movie inspired the book Cinici infami e violenti (2005) written by Daniele Magni and Silvio Giobbio a book guide about Poliziotteschi.
 Priest is a 2011 American post-apocalyptic dystopia science fiction action horror film starring Paul Bettany as the title character. The film directed by Scott Stewart is loosely based on the Korean comic of the same name. In an alternate world humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War a veteran Warrior Priest (Bettany) lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities.
 A Ticket to Red Horse Gulch is a 1914 American silent short Western starring William Garwood William Lowery and Belle Bennett.
 Jahan Tum Le Chalo was a 1999 Indian Bollywood film directed by Desh Deepak. The film is a romantic one with music by Vishal Bhardwaj and lyrics by Gulzar. This film is the first production of Rishi Films International a venture of Holland based Dr. Anil K. Mehta. The Plot of the film is inspired by a real happening in Dr.Anil K. Mehta's friend circle in Europe.
 La Linea (English: The Line) is a 2009 action-crime film directed by James Cotten. La Linea features an ensemble cast that includes Ray Liotta Armand Assante Valerie Cruz Esai Morales and Andy García.
 The Diary of a Teenage Girl is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Marielle Heller based on the graphic novel The Diary of a Teenage Girl an Account in Words and Pictures by Phoebe Gloeckner. The film stars Kristen Wiig Alexander Skarsgård Christopher Meloni and Bel Powley.
 Dragonslayer is a 1981 fantasy film set in a fictional medieval kingdom following a young wizard (played by Peter MacNicol) who experiences danger and opposition as he attempts to defeat a dragon.A co-production between Walt Disney Productions and Paramount Pictures Dragonslayer was more mature and realistic than other Disney films of the period.
 Non son degno di te is a 1965 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti.
 Billa II: The Beginning is a 2012 Indian Tamil gangster-thriller film directed by Chakri Toleti. It is a prequel to the 2007 film Billa and focuses on how David an ordinary man from the coastal regions of South Tamil Nadu becomes Billa a dreaded underworld don with Ajith Kumar reprising the role of the titular character. Supporting roles are essayed by Parvathy Omanakuttan Bruna Abdullah Vidyut Jamwal and Sudhanshu Pandey all of whom make their debut in Tamil cinema.
 Stan and George's New Life is a 1992 Australian film.Brian McKenzie said he thought the resulting movie was good but it was not a strong story. We tried very hard to make something out of it. I think it's a matter of having some sort of belief in your particular not so much style but presentation. It isn't so theatrical and that runs through the performances the editing style and the more classic sort of shots style and the cast.
 Viva Erotica (Chinese: 色情男女) is a 1996 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee and Lo Chi-Leung.
 Jeanne Eagels (also titled The Jeanne Eagels Story) is a 1957 American biographical film loosely based on the life of stage star Jeanne Eagels. Distributed by Columbia Pictures the film was produced and directed by George Sidney from a screenplay by John Fante Daniel Fuchs and Sonya Levien based on a story by Fuchs.The film stars Kim Novak in the title role.
 The Eye of the Storm (Portuguese: No Meu Lugar) is a 2009 Brazilian drama film directed by Eduardo Valente. It was given a special screening at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Truth About Charlie is a 2002 remake of the 1963 classic film Charade. It is also an homage to François Truffaut's 1960 film Shoot the Piano Player complete with that film's star Charles Aznavour making two surreal appearances singing his song Quand tu m'aimes (first in French later in English).The Truth About Charlie was produced directed and co-written by Academy Award winner Jonathan Demme.
 The Attic is a 2008 horror film directed by Mary Lambert starring Elisabeth Moss Jason Lewis Tom Malloy and Catherine Mary Stewart.
 The Seventh Bullet (Russian: Седьмая пуля translit. Sedmaya pulya) is a Soviet Ostern film of 1972 directed by Ali Khamraev.
 Kicha Vayasu 16 is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005
 Aces Go Places 5: The Terracotta Hit is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Lau Kar-leung with action choreography by Lau Kar-wing. This is the fifth and final installment in the Aces Go Places film series. It was released in the United States as Mad Mission 5: The Terracotta Hit.
 Rosewater is an upcoming American drama film written and directed by Jon Stewart based on the memoir Then They Came for Me by Maziar Bahari and Aimee Molloy. Bahari's imprisonment is connected to an interview he conducted on The Daily Show in 2009; the authorities presented the interview as evidence that he was in communication with an American spy. Due to the content of the film Stewart has been accused by Iran's State TV of being funded by Zionists and working with the CIA.
 The Animatrix (アニマトリックス animatorikkusu) is a 2003 direct-to-video anthology film based on The Matrix trilogy produced by The Wachowskis who wrote and directed the trilogy. The film is a compilation of nine animated short films including four written by the Wachowskis. It details the backstory of the Matrix universe and the original war between man and machines which led to the creation of the Matrix.
 Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is a computer-animated television special from Nelvana Limited that premiered on Treehouse TV and Nick Jr. on March 31 2003. It was based on David Kirk's book series of the same name and was followed by a spinoff show Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends. Voices included Brooke Shields Rick Moranis and Tony Jay.
 The Other Man is a British-American movie directed by Richard Eyre. It stars Liam Neeson and Antonio Banderas as competitors for a woman's love (Laura Linney).
 Femeia visurilor was a 2005 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.
 Tendid is a 2010 film.
 Roar (1981) is a film starring Tippi Hedren and Noel Marshall. In addition to starring in the film Marshall also directed and wrote the film producing it entirely with his then-wife Tippi. Tippi's real-life daughter Melanie Griffith plays her on-screen daughter also named Melanie. Noel's real-life sons John and Jerry also starred in the film.Internet Movie Database defines the film as the most expensive home movie ever made.
 Sweeney Todd is a 1928 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Moore Marriott Judd Green and Iris Darbyshire. It was adapted from a play by George Dibdin-Pitt based on the legend of Sweeney Todd. It was made at Islington Studios.
 The Back Page is a 1931 comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. The title satirizes the famous play and 1931 film The Front Page.
 Marvelous is a 2006 American drama/comedy written and directed by Síofra Campbell.
 Treasure Inn is a 2011 Hong Kong wuxia comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Corey Yuen starring Nicholas Tse Nick Cheung Charlene Choi Liu Yang Tong Dawei and Huang Yi.
 Chekhov's Motifs (Russian: Чеховские мотивы translit. Chekhovskie motivy since released in English as Chekhovian Motifs) is a 2002 Russian-Ukrainian comedy film directed by Kira Muratova. It was entered into the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.It is based on two works of Anton Chekhov: the short story Difficult People is divided to frame the one act play Tatyana Repin (Татьяна Репина)
 Triggermen is a 2002 crime comedy film written by Tony Johnston and Mark Thomas and directed by John Bradshaw for First Look International. Starring Pete Postlethwaite Neil Morrissey Adrian Dunbar and Donnie Wahlberg the film had festival and video screenings in 2002 and 2003 before its DVD premiere in 2004 and television releases in 2007 and 2008. Set in Chicago the film was shot in Toronto.
 The Wild Swans (Russian: Дикие лебеди Dikiye lebedi) is a 1962 Soviet traditionally-animated feature film directed by the husband-and-wife team of Mikhail Tsekhanovsky and Vera Tsekhanovskaya. Unusual for Soviet films of this period and especially for animated films it was filmed in widescreen. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow.
 The Divine Woman (1928) is an American silent film directed by Victor Sjöström and starring Greta Garbo. Produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Only a single nine-minute reel and an additional 45 second excerpt are currently known to exist of this otherwise lost film.
 Two Lovers (1928) is a silent feature film directed by Fred Niblo and produced by Samuel Goldwyn.
 Shantata! Court Chalu Aahe (Silence! The Court Is in Session) is a Marathi play written by playwright Vijay Tendulkar and first performed in 1968 directed by Arvind Deshpande with Sulbha Deshpande as the main lead. The play was written in 1963 for Rangayan a Mumbai-based theatre group though it was performed much later.
 To Hell with the Kaiser! is a lost 1918 silent war propaganda comedy film produced by Screen Classics Productions and distributed by Metro Pictures. It was directed by George Irving and starred Lawrence Grant as the Kaiser.Made toward the close of World War I this film falls in line with other films of this popular genre the wartime propaganda film made at the same time i.e.
 Emanuelle in Bangkok (Italian: Emanuelle nera - Orient Reportage also known as Black Emanuelle 2 and Black Emanuelle Goes East) is an Italian sexploitation film from 1976 directed by Joe D'Amato. It is the second film featuring the investigative journalist character known to her readers as 'Emanuelle' (Laura Gemser). With the word nera (black) in its original title Emanuelle in Bangkok is considered a genuine sequel to the 1975 film Black Emanuelle.
 Scrooge is a 1951 film adaptation of Charles Dickens's A Christmas Carol. It starred Alastair Sim as Ebenezer Scrooge and was directed by Brian Desmond Hurst with a screenplay by Noel Langley. It was released as A Christmas Carol in the United States.The film also features Kathleen Harrison in an acclaimed turn as Mrs. Dilber Scrooge's charwoman. George Cole stars as the younger version of Scrooge Hermione Baddeley as Mrs.
 Mandrake is a 2010 television film by Syfy. The film was released on DVD on April 12 2011.
 Disloque en el presidio is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Seemabaddha (Bengali: সীমাবদ্ধ Shimabôddho; English title:Company Limited) is a 1971 film directed by Satyajit Ray. It is based on the novel Seemabaddha by Mani Shankar Mukherjee. It stars Barun Chanda Harindranath Chattopadhyay and Sharmila Tagore in lead roles. The film was second film the Ray's Calcutta trilogy which included Pratidwandi (The Adversary) (1970) and Jana Aranya (The Middleman) (1976).
 Song For a Raggy Boy is a 2003 film directed by Aisling Walsh. It is based on the book of the same name by Patrick Galvin and is based on true events.
 That Fatal Sneeze is 1907 British silent comedy film directed by Lewin Fitzhamon and starring Thurston Harris and Gertie Potter.
 Kiss Toledo Goodbye is a 1999 independent comedy/thriller film directed by Lyndon Chubbuck. Film stars Michael Rapaport Christopher Walken Robert Forster Nancy Allen and Christine Taylor.A young man Michael Rapaport suddenly learns that the biological father he knew nothing about is a crime lord. Upon witnessing his father's death he is expected to join forces with his new family and is challenged to prove himself.
 Duma is a 2005 drama adventure film directed by Carroll Ballard. It stars Alexander Michaletos Eamonn Walker Hope Davis and Campbell Scott. The film is a fictional adaptation loosely based upon the autobiographical book How It Was with Dooms by Carol Cawthra Hopcraft and Xan Hopcraft.
 And Everything Is Going Fine is a 2010 documentary film directed by Steven Soderbergh about the life of the late monologuist Spalding Gray. It premiered at the 2010 Slamdance Film Festival and was screened at the 2010 SXSW Film Festival and the 2010 Maryland Film Festival. Soderbergh had earlier directed Gray's filmed monologue Gray's Anatomy.Soderbergh decided against recording narration and new interviews in the manner of for instance Errol Morris.
 Two Cops (Hangul: 투캅스; RR: Tu Kapseu) is a 1993 South Korean action/comedy film directed by Kang Woo-suk. It stars Ahn Sung-ki and Park Joong-hoon as a pair of police detectives with different outlooks who end up working on a case together.
 War Comes to America is the seventh and final film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight World War II propaganda film series.The early part of the film is an idealized version of American history which includes mention of the first settlements the American Revolutionary War (omitting the American Civil War) and the ethnic diversity of America. It lists 22 immigrant nationalities 19 of them European and uses the then-current terms Negro Jap and Chinaman.
 Chico Viola Não Morreu is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Kolangal is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by I. V. Sasi. The film features Jayaram and Kushboo in lead roles. The film produced by Henry had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 September 1995.
 How to Beat the High Cost of Living is a 1980 comedy film starring Jane Curtin Susan Saint James and Jessica Lange. Also in the cast are Dabney Coleman Fred Willard Richard Benjamin Eddie Albert Cathryn Damon and a cameo by Jane Curtin's fellow Saturday Night Live co-star Garrett Morris.
 Wallander – Innan frosten is a 2005 film about the Swedish police detective Kurt Wallander directed by Kjell-Åke Andersson. It is based on the novel with the same name by Henning Mankell.
 Punnaram Cholli Cholli is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan starring reigning star and romantic hero of 80's Shankar and Rahman respectively. This is one of the few films of Priyadarshan without Mohanlal. The film was well received at the box office.
 Three Maxims is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Tullio Carminati and Leslie Banks. It was released in the United States under the title Show Goes On. Separate French and German language versions were filmed in Paris. A love triangle causes major disruption to the harmony of a trapeze act.
 One Good Turn is a 1931 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy.
 Humjoli is a 1970 Hindi film produced by Prasan Kapoor and directed by Ramanna. The film stars Jeetendra Leena Chandavarkar Pran Mehmood Mumtaz and Aruna Irani. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal. The movie is a remake of 1964 hit Tamil Film Panakkara Kudumbam.
 Gentlemen Broncos is a 2009 comedy film written by Jared and Jerusha Hess and directed by Jared Hess. The film stars Michael Angarano Jemaine Clement Jennifer Coolidge and Sam Rockwell.
 Mutts to You is the 34th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Annaye Atyachar is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Manju Dhanuka. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Saikat Ali Iman.
 The Employer is an award-winning psychological thriller written and directed by Frank Merle. The film stars Malcolm McDowell as the title character who interviews five candidates for a job at a mysterious powerful corporation. After a film festival circuit in early 2013 the film was released by Vision Films in the U.S. on June 7 2013 as an On Demand premiere title followed by a DVD release on July 2 2013.
 Army Wives is a 1987 Australian TV film about two friends who marry soldiers in the army.
 Death Rides the Range is a 1939 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Art Museum by the Zoo (Hangul: 미술관 옆 동물원; RR: Misulgwan yup dongmulwon) is a 1998 South Korean film.
 Oru Indian Pranayakadha is a 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy film written by Ikbal Kuttipuram and directed by Sathyan Anthikad. The film stars Fahadh Faasil and Amala Paul in the lead roles.
 A Railway Collision (AKA: A Railroad Wreck) is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by Walter R. Booth and produced by Robert W. Paul. The film depicts a stretch of single-track railway running through mountainous terrain on an embankment above a lake and a yacht. A goods train passes a signal stops and begins reversing back up the track. A fast express train comes out of a tunnel in front of the goods train on the same track.
 Rio Belongs to Us (Portuguese: O Rio nos Pertence!) is a 2013 Brazilian drama-thriller film written and directed by Ricardo Pretti starring Leandra Leal Mariana Ximenes and Jiddu Pinheiro. It premiered at the 42nd International Film Festival Rotterdam.The film is part of the Operation Sonia Silk a series of three feature-length films produced cooperatively with the same cast and crew co-produced by Canal Brasil and Teleimage.
 Tokyo: The Last Megalopolis (帝都物語 Teito monogatari) is a tokusatsu historical fantasy/science fiction epic film directed by Akio Jissoji and distributed by Toho Studios. It is the first cinematic adaptation of the award winning historical fantasy novel Teito Monogatari by Hiroshi Aramata.
 All the Way Home is a 1963 drama film about a young boy and his mother dealing with the sudden death of his father. It stars Jean Simmons Robert Preston and Pat Hingle with the boy being portrayed by Michael Kearney. It was based on the 1957 James Agee novel A Death in the Family and the 1960 Tad Mosel play All the Way Home.
 O Homem dos Olhos Tortos is a 1918 Portuguese silent film directed by José Leitão de Barros principal protagonista Filipe Melo.
 Champions is a 1983 film based on the true story of jockey Bob Champion. It is directed by John Irvin written by Evan Jones and stars John Hurt Edward Woodward and Jan Francis.The film is based on the true story of Bob Champion (portrayed by John Hurt) who was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1979. After treatment with an operation to remove the diseased testicle and chemotherapy Champion recovered and went on to win the 1981 Grand National steeple chase on his horse Aldaniti.
 Salt of the Earth: Palestinian Christians in the Northern West Bank is a series of documentary short films examining the lives of nine Palestinian Christians living in and around the cities of Jenin and Nablus. Released by Salt Films Inc. in 2004 the film was produced by Presbyterian missionaries Marthame and Elizabeth Sanders while they lived and worked in the Palestinian Christian village of Zababdeh.
 Pit of Darkness is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Franklyn and Moira Redmond. The film is an amnesia thriller dealing with a man's attempts to piece together a sequence of strange events in which he seems to have been involved during the time of which he has no memory based on the novel To Dusty Death by Hugh McCutcheon.
 The Lost World of Mr. Hardy is a feature length documentary film about a much loved family fishing tackle business. It was directed by Andy Heathcote and Heike Bachelier. The film tells the story of the disappearing art of the craftsman through the history of the Hardy Brothers the Rolls Royce of fishing tackle makers. The film includes rediscovered archive movie footage of salmon fishing filmed by L.R.
 Jason's Lyric is a 1994 romantic drama film written by Bobby Smith Jr and directed by Doug McHenry who co-produced the film with George Jackson and Marilla Lane Ross. Both Jackson and McHenry have been notably successful as producers with films that include New Jack City.Jason's Lyric features an ensemble cast of African American actors that includes Allen Payne Jada Pinkett Smith Bokeem Woodbine Treach Eddie Griffin Lahmard Tate Lisa Nicole Carson and Forest Whitaker.
 Go West (a.k.a. The Marx Brothers Go West) is the 10th Marx Brothers comedy film in which brothers Groucho Chico and Harpo head to the American West and attempt to unite a couple by ensuring that an evil railroad baron is thwarted. The scene is set in Dead Man's Gulch. Groucho is S. Quentin Quale Chico is Joe Panello and Harpo is Rusty Panello. It was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by Irving Brecher who receives the original screenplay credit.
 Wifemistress (Italian: Mogliamante) is a 1977 Italian romantic movie directed by Marco Vicario.
 The Adventurer of Tortuga (Italian: L'avventuriero della tortuga) is a 1965 Italian historical film directed by Luigi Capuano. It is based on the novel by Emilio Salgari.
 Anth is a 1993 Indian action film directed by Sanjay Khanna and produced by Ashok Honda and starred Sunil Shetty and Somy Ali in pivotal roles. Paresh Rawal Deepak Shirke Mohan Joshi Makrand Deshpande Alok Nath and Vijendra Ghaat also featured in the film.
 Savage Planet is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered August 12 2006 on the Sci Fi Channel.
 Zero is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Stewart Rome Fay Compton and Jeanne De Casalis. It was based on a novel by Colinson Owen and made at Cricklewood Studios.
 Veera is an upcoming Action Kannada film directed by Ayyappa P. Sharma and starring Malashri Komal Kumar and Ashish Vidyarthi in the lead roles. Produced by Ramu Enterprises the film's soundtrack and lyrics are written by Hamsalekha. The movie is slated for release on 29 March 2013.
 A Heartbeat Away is a 2011 Australian musical comedy film about a marching band in a small town.
 General Education is a 2012 comedy film directed by Tom Morris starring Chris Sheffield Maiara Walsh Elaine Hendrix Bobby Campo Janeane Garofalo and Larry Miller and produced by Pelican House Productions. The film was shot in Chico and Gridley California.
 The Life of Oharu 西鶴一代女 Saikaku Ichidai Onna Saikaku's Amorous Woman is a 1952 historical fiction black-and-white film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi starring Kinuyo Tanaka as Oharu a one-time concubine of a daimyo (and mother of a later daimyo) who struggles to escape the stigma of having been forced into prostitution by her father.
 Vaada (Hindi: वादा translation: Promise) is a 2005 Bollywood thriller film directed by Satish Kaushik. The film stars Arjun Rampal Amisha Patel and Zayed Khan in lead roles. The story revolves around a murder amidst a convoluted love-triangle. It released on 7 January 2005.
 Billa is a 2007 Indian Tamil gangster-thriller film directed by Vishnuvardhan. It is based on the 1980 Tamil film of the same name which was itself a remake of Hindi film Don (1978). Ajith Kumar and Nayantara played the lead roles while Prabhu Ganesan Namitha Rahman Adithya and Santhanam were also part of the cast. The film was produced by L. Suresh while featuring musical score and soundtrack by Yuvan Shankar Raja cinematography by Nirav Shah and editing by A.
 Ride is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Helen Hunt. The film stars Helen Hunt Luke Wilson Brenton Thwaites and Leonor Varela.
 The Loudwater Mystery is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Gregory Scott Pauline Peters and Clive Brook. It was based on the 1920 novel The Loudwater Mystery by Edgar Jepson. A detective investigating the death of an aristocrat eventually deduces he was murdered by his secretary.
 Fag Hag is the debut film of director Damion Dietz who also wrote the film and has a lead role in it alongside Stephanie Orff. It was released in 1998.
 La Possibilité d'une île is a 2008 film directed by Michel Houellebecq loosely based on his 2005 novel The Possibility of an Island.
 The Toy is a 1982 American comedy film directed by Richard Donner and starring Richard Pryor and Jackie Gleason with Ned Beatty Scott Schwartz Teresa Ganzel and Virginia Capers in supporting roles. It is an adaptation of the 1976 French film Le Jouet.
 Man on the Run is a 1949 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Derek Farr Joan Hopkins Edward Chapman Kenneth More and Laurence Harvey.
 Bughouse Bellhops is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Aurora is a 1984 Italian drama film directed by Maurizio Ponzi and starring Sophia Loren Edoardo Ponti and Daniel J. Travanti. In order to raise money for an operation for her son a woman tells various former wealthy lovers that they are his father. Its Italian title is Qualcosa di biondo.
 Deewane is a 2000 Bollywood romantic drama film that stars Urmila Matondkar Mahima Chaudhary and Ajay Devgn in a double role.
 The San Francisco Docks is a 1940 film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Beautiful Thing is a 1996 British film directed by Hettie MacDonald and released by Channel 4 Films. The screenplay was written by Jonathan Harvey based on his own original play of the same name. Initially the film was only intended for television broadcast but it was so well-received that it was released in cinemas. The atmosphere of the film is heavily influenced by a soundtrack consisting almost entirely of the work of Mama Cass Elliot.
 Swayamsiddha (Oriya: ସୟଂସିଧ୍ଧା) is a 2010 Oriya film directed by Sudhanshu Sahu with a screenplay & dialogue by Dilip Choudhury produced by Prabhat Ranjan Mallik and starring Siddhanta Mahapatra Sunil Kumar and Yukta. The film focuses in the implications for the young mass adopting to Maoist insurgency and their sustained alienation from the mainstream as a result. Geo-strategic importance of changing the minds of young people adopting terrorism through love and affection.
 Tristana is a 1970 Spanish film directed by Luis Buñuel. Based on the eponymous novel by Benito Pérez Galdós it stars Catherine Deneuve and Fernando Rey and was shot in Toledo Spain. The voices of French actress Catherine Deneuve and Italian actor Franco Nero were dubbed to Spanish. Tristana is a Spanish-Franco-Italian co-production.
 Thomas the Impostor (French: Thomas l'imposteur) is a 1964 French film directed by Georges Franju and starring Emmanuelle Riva Fabrice Rouleau Sophie Dares Jean Marais and Charles Aznavour. It is based on a novel of the same name by Jean Cocteau which had first been published in French in 1923 and had been inspired by Cocteau's experiences in the first World War.
 My Old Man is a 1979 television film directed by John Erman. The film is based on an Ernest Hemingway story that had previously been adapted for the 1950 film Under My Skin.
 Swimming Pool is a 2001 German slasher film known in Germany as Der Tod feiert mit The Pool in the USA. It is directed by Boris von Sychowski.
 Rain Without Thunder is a 1992 movie directed by Gary O. Bennett and starring Betty Buckley and Jeff Daniels. The film is set fifty years in the future from the time of production. Although the Planned Parenthood v. Casey case is never mentioned by name the decision took place in the same year as the film was made and many characteristics of the society portrayed are clearly a reaction to the growing possibilities of restricting abortion rights at the time of production.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called: The Kasukabe Boys of the Evening Sun (クレヨンしんちゃん 嵐を呼ぶ!夕陽のカスカベボーイズ Kureyon Shinchan: Arashi o Yobu! Yūhi no Kasukabe Bōizu) is a 2004 anime film. It is the 12th film based on the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan. The film was released to theatres on April 17 2004 in Japan.The film was produced by Shin-Ei Animation the studio behind the TV anime.
 Tomahawk is a 1951 western film directed by George Sherman and starring Van Heflin and Yvonne De Carlo. The film is loosely based on events that took place in Montana in 1876 at the Battle of Powder River. The film was released as The Battle of Powder River in the UK.
 Goodbye & Amen - L'uomo della CIA (also known as Goodbye and Amen) is a 1978 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale Tony Musante and John Forsythe in the leading roles.
 Springtime in the Rockies is a Technicolor musical comedy film released by Twentieth Century Fox in 1942. A Betty Grable vehicle with support from John Payne Carmen Miranda Cesar Romero Charlotte Greenwood and Edward Everett Horton. Also in the cast was Grable's future husband Harry James and his band. The director was Irving Cummings.
 A Reason to Live (Hangul: 오늘; RR: Oneul; lit. Today) is a 2011 South Korean film directed by Lee Jeong-hyang. It stars Song Hye-kyo as a director who forgives a teenage boy for killing her fiancé. It premiered at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on October 27 2011. It received 131194 admissions.
 Don't Ask Don't Tell is a 2002 parody film directed by Doug Miles and written by famed gay screen writer Tex Hauser.
 Une Fenêtre ouverte is a 2005 documentary film.
 Nine Hours to Rama is 1963 CinemaScope DeLuxe Color British film directed by Mark Robson and based on a 1962 book by Stanley Wolpert of the same name. The film was written by Nelson Gidding and was filmed in England and parts of India. It stars Horst Buchholz Diane Baker Jose Ferrer and Robert Morley.
 The Heartbreak Kid is a 1972 dark romantic comedy film directed by Elaine May written by Neil Simon and starring Charles Grodin Jeannie Berlin Eddie Albert Audra Lindley Doris Roberts and Cybill Shepherd. It is based on the short story A Change of Plan written by Bruce Jay Friedman.Jeannie Berlin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and Eddie Albert was nominated for Best Supporting Actor.It is #91 on AFI's 100 Years...
 Wallander - Mastermind is a 2005 film about the Swedish police detective Kurt Wallander directed by Peter Flinth.Wallander's team deals with a series of false alarms—until it becomes apparent that there is more to these seemingly harmless cases than meets the eye. Soon the entire department is on the trail of someone who is clearly pulling everyone's strings and it is up to them to identify the mastermind behind these schemes before it is too late.
 Dreamgirls is a 2006 musical drama film directed by Bill Condon and jointly produced and released by DreamWorks Pictures and Paramount Pictures. The film debuted in three special road show engagements starting in December 15 2006 before its nationwide release on December 25 2006.
 Itty Bitty Titty Committee is a feminist lesbian-related comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit. It was released on September 28 2007. The film had its premiere at the international film festival Berlinale on February 9 2007 where it was nominated for a Teddy Award for Best Feature. It had its American premiere at SXSW in March where it won the Jury Prize for Best Feature. The film was produced by non-profit organization POWER UP.
 Ada... A Way of Life is a 2010 Hindi musical film written and directed by Tanvir Ahmad with music by A. R. Rahman described by Time Magazine in 2005 as India's most prominent movie songwriter and by some computations the best-selling recording artist in history. Rahman composed the songs for Ada in 2001 after completing the score for Lagaan but Ahmad's plans for the film were shelved.
 The Good Bad Man is a 1916 American silent Western film directed by Allan Dwan. The film stars Douglas Fairbanks (who also produced and wrote the film) and Bessie Love and was distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. The film was edited and re-released by Tri-Stone Pictures in 1923. A print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Yabancı Damat (literally: The Foreign Groom Bulgarian: Брак с чужденец Brak s chujdenets English translation of the Bulgarian title: Marriage with a Foreigner Greek: Τα σύνορα της αγάπης Ta synora tis agapis English translation of the Greek title: The Borders of Love Groom - Home Groom) is a popular Turkish TV series distributed by Erler Film with 106 episodes in total.
 The Lost City is a 2005 American drama film directed by Andy García. It stars Garcia Dustin Hoffman Inés Sastre and Bill Murray.
 Shum bola (The Mischievous Boy) or Ozornik (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian) (Uzbek: Shum bola Шум бола; Russian: Озорник) is a 1977 Uzbek adventure film based on an eponymous story by Gʻafur Gʻulom. The film was directed by Damir Salimov and the screenplay was written by Shuhrat Abbosov and Aleksandr Naumov (II). Shum bola is one of the most popular Uzbek films and has gained considerable acclaim both from Uzbek and foreign film critics.
 The Green Hornet is a 2011 American superhero action comedy film based on the character of the same name that had originated in a 1930s radio program and has appeared in movie serials a television series comic books and other media. Directed by Michel Gondry the film stars Seth Rogen Jay Chou Christoph Waltz and Cameron Diaz.The film was released in North America on January 14 2011 in versions including RealD Cinema and IMAX 3D.
 Mantra (Telugu: మంత్ర) is a 2007 Telugu thriller film starring Sivaji Charmy Kaur and Kausha. This film was directed by Tulasi Ram and produced by Ravi Prakash and Kalyan Ram.
 Ladies in Lavender is a 2004 English drama film written and directed by Charles Dance who based his screenplay on a short story by William J. Locke.
 My Man Godfrey is a 1936 American comedy-drama film directed by Gregory La Cava. The screenplay was written by Morrie Ryskind with uncredited contributions by La Cava based on 1011 Fifth a short novel by Eric Hatch. The story concerns a socialite who hires a derelict to be her family's butler only to fall in love with him much to his dismay. The film stars William Powell and Carole Lombard.The film was remade in 1957 with June Allyson and David Niven in the starring roles.
 Shyness Machine Girl (hajiraiマシンガール Hajirai mashin gāru) was released January 23 2009 in Japan as part of the Japanese DVD release for The Machine Girl. It is a brief side-story or gaiden to The Machine Girl rather than a direct sequel. This version stars gravure idol Noriko Kijima as Yoshie who has not only a machine-gun arm but another gun which extends from her lower anatomy.
 Puerto Escondido is a 1992 Italian comedy film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. For this film Diego Abatantuono and Renato Carpentieri were awarded with Silver Ribbons for best actor and best supporting actor.
 Karulina Kare (Kannada: ಕರುಳಿನ ಕರೆ) is a 1970 Kannada romantic drama film directed and written by Puttanna Kanagal. The film starred Rajkumar Kalpana and R. Nagendra Rao in lead roles.The film went on to win the Best Editing and Best Sound recording awards in the Karnataka State Awards for the year 1970-71.
 Celeste and Jesse Forever is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lee Toland Krieger. It stars Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg and was written by Jones and Will McCormack who also has a role in the film. It was released on August 3 2012 in New York and Los Angeles.The film was well received by critics.
 The Show of Shows is a 1929 American musical revue film directed by John G. Adolfi and distributed by Warner Bros. The all talking Vitaphone production cost $850000 and was shot almost entirely in Technicolor. The Show of Shows was Warner Bros.' fifth color movie; the first four were The Desert Song (1929) On with the Show (1929) Gold Diggers of Broadway (1929) and Paris (1929). (Song of the West was actually completed by June of 1929 but had its release delayed until March of 1930).
 Home Room is an independent film starring Erika Christensen Busy Philipps and Victor Garber. It premiered in the Taos Talking Pictures Film Festival on 12 April 2002 and made its limited theatrical release on 5 September 2003.
 Ee Bandhana (Kannada: ಈ ಬಂಧನ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada family - drama film written directed and co-produced by Vijayalakshmi Singh. This marks her debut directorial project. It stars Vishnuvardhan and Jayapradha in lead roles. While Darshan Ananth Nag Tara Sharmiela Mandre Tarun Chandra and Jennifer Kotwal form the rest of the ensemble cast.
 Sangham (Telugu: సంఘం; English: Society) is a 1954 Telugu romantic comedy film written by V.S.Venkatasalam and directed by M. V. Raman. The film starred Vyjayanthimala N. T. Rama Rao S. Balachander and Anjali Devi in the lead while Chittor V. Nagaiah V. K. Ramaswamy K. N. Kamlam K.R. Chellam and K. Sankarapani as the ensemble cast was produced by A. V. Chettiar of AVM Productions. The films score was composed by R. Sudarsanam edited by K. Shankar and M. V. Raman and was filmed by T.
 Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia.
 A Stoning in Fulham County is a 1988 television film directed by Larry Elikann.
 Looker is a 1981 science fiction film written and directed by Michael Crichton. It starred Albert Finney Susan Dey and James Coburn. Former NFL linebacker Tim Rossovich was featured as the villain's main henchman.The film is a suspense/science fiction piece which comments upon and satirizes media advertising TV's effects on the populace and ridiculous standard of beauty.
 Promises is a 2001 documentary film that examines the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from the perspectives of seven children living in the Palestinian communities in the West Bank and Israeli neighborhoods of Jerusalem. The film follows Israeli-American filmmaker B.Z. Goldberg as he meets with seven Palestinian and Israeli children between the ages of nine and thirteen seeing the Middle East conflict through their eyes.
 Paruva Kaalam is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan Roja Ramani Nagesh and Prameela. Roja Ramani paired up with Kamal Haasan for the first time.
 Dream (Hangul: 비몽; RR: Bimong; MR: Pimong) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-duk. It is the fifteenth feature film by the director.
 Affinity is a 2008 UK film adaptation of Sarah Waters' 1999 novel Affinity; directed by Tim Fywell and screenplay by Andrew Davies.
 L'uomo che viene da Canyon City is a 1965 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar.
 Transylmania is a 2009 horror/farce sequel to the 2006 comedy National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2 the film is directed by the brothers David and Scott Hillenbrand and written by Patrick Casey and Worm Miller. The film received very poor reception from critics and performed horribly at the box office making it one of the biggest flops of 2009.
 Amara is a 2014 Tamil language film written filmed and directed by M. Jeevan and produced by S.A. Jalavudhin under the banner of TKM Films. Starring Amaran Sruthi Ramakrishnan Ashish Vidyarthi in the lead roles the film released on February 28 2014.
 Revengers Tragedy is a film adaptation of the 1606 play The Revenger's Tragedy (attributed to Thomas Middleton in the credits following the current scholarly consensus). It was directed by Alex Cox and adapted for the screen by Cox's fellow Liverpudlian Frank Cottrell Boyce.
 Ruby Cairo is a 1992 film directed by Graeme Clifford. It stars Andie MacDowell Liam Neeson and Viggo Mortensen.One scene features Aleister Crowley's The Book of the Law.
 For the 1929 US film see Alibi (1929 film).Alibi (1931) is a British mystery detective film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Austin Trevor Franklin Dyall and Elizabeth Allen.The film was adapted from the 1928 play Alibi by Michael Morton which was in turn based on the Agatha Christie novel The Murder of Roger Ackroyd featuring her famous Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.Austin Trevor once claimed he was cast as Poirot because he could speak with a French accent.
 Mr. Robinson (Italian: Il signor Robinson mostruosa storia d'amore e d'avventure also known as Robinson Jr.) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci. It is a parody of the Daniel Defoe's novel Robinson Crusoe.
 Adventures in Perception is a 1971 Dutch short documentary film directed by Han Van Gelder. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. and won the Best Short Film on Art at the 1971 Cork Film Festival. It is a study on the works of M. C. Escher
 Khoon Ka Badla Khoon is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Kalpataru.
 Spara Gringo spara (internationally released as The Longest Hunt and Shoot Gringo... Shoot!) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Bruno Corbucci.It is the first western directed by Bruno Corbucci (brother of western specialist Sergio Corbucci) and except the parodistic and bizarre The Three Musketeers of the West it is his only western. The title song Rainbow... vorrei... vorrei is performed by Little Tony.
 Volere volare (To Want to Fly) is a 1991 Italian comedy film co-written co-directed by and starring Maurizio Nichetti. It is a live-action movie with a cartoon character. The male lead is a man who dubs sound effects for cartoons and who is slowly turning into a cartoon himself. Right before this starts he meets a woman with a very unusual job with whom he falls in love. His transformation complicates both his private and professional life.
 My Father My Lord (Hebrew: חופשת קיץ‎ lit. Summer Vacation) is a 2007 Israeli film directed by David Volach a former Israeli Haredi. It won the Founder's Award for Best Narrative Film at the Tribeca Film Festival.
 Sharpe's Mission is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. Unlike most of the other installments of the series this episode was not based on a novel by Bernard Cornwell.
 Offside (Persian: آفساید ‎) is a 2006 Iranian film directed by Jafar Panahi about girls who try to watch a World Cup qualifying match but are forbidden by law because of their sex. Female fans are not allowed to enter football stadiums in Iran on the grounds that there will be a high risk of violence or verbal abuse against them. The film was inspired by the director's daughter who decided to attend a game anyway. The film was shot in Iran but its screening was banned there.
 Drowning by Numbers is a British film of 1988 directed by Peter Greenaway. It won the award for Best Artistic Contribution at the Cannes Film Festival of 1988.
 Kanna Nalama is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 A Desperate Chance is a 1913 American short silent film drama directed by Kenean Buel. The film starred Earle Foxe and Alice Hollister in the lead roles. The film featured the same cast and director as the preceding film that year A Sawmill Hazard.
 Pardesi Babu is a 1998 Bollywood film directed by Manoj Agrawal starring Govinda Raveena Tandon Shilpa Shetty.
 Torture Garden is a 1967 British horror film made by Amicus Productions. It was directed by Freddie Francis and scripted by Robert Bloch. It stars Burgess Meredith Jack Palance Michael Ripper Beverly Adams Peter Cushing Maurice Denham Ursula Howells Michael Bryant and Barbara Ewing.
 Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat is a 2003 American fantasy comedy film directed by Bo Welch based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book The Cat in the Hat. The film stars Mike Myers in the title role of the Cat in the Hat and Dakota Fanning as Sally. Sally's brother (who is unnamed in the book) is in this version named Conrad and portrayed by Spencer Breslin. The Cat in the Hat is the second feature-length Dr.
 Twin Bracelets is a film produced in 1990 by Cosmopolitan Film Productions Co. a Hong Kong-based company that forms part of the film production conglomerate run by the Shaw brothers who are the owners of the Shaw Brothers Studio.
 House by the River is a 1950 Gothic film noir directed by Fritz Lang and starring Louis Hayward Jane Wyatt Lee Bowman and Dorothy Patrick.
 Mayilattam is a 2004 Malayalam movie directed by V. M. Vinu. It stars Jayaram Rambha Jagathy Sreekumar.
 Talk To Me is a 2007 biographical film about Washington D.C. radio personality Ralph Petey Greene an ex-con who became a popular talk show host and community activist and Dewey Hughes his friend and manager. The movie spans the time period May 1966 to January 1984 ending with the late Greene's memorial service.The film premiered as the opening night film of the 2007 Los Angeles Film Festival on June 22 2007.
 Out of Season is a 1975 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges. It was entered into the 25th Berlin International Film Festival. It was filmed on the coastal section of Dorset England the film stars Vanessa Redgrave Susan George and Cliff Robertson.
 Det Sande Ansigt (English translation: The True Face) is an award-winning Danish film from 1951 directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. written by Johannes Allen and based upon the novel by Gerhard Rasmussen. The film received the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film of the Year.
 Hatred (Russian: Ненaвисть translit. Nenavist) is a 1975 Soviet film directed by Samvel Gasparov.
 Il vedovo allegro is a 1950 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Carlo Dapporto.
 The Black Pimpernel (Swedish: Svarta nejlikan; Spanish: El Clavel negro) is a Swedish drama film directed by Ulf Hultberg and starring Michael Nyqvist and Lisa Werlinder.
 The Profession of Arms (Italian: Il mestiere delle armi) is a 2001 Italian film directed by Ermanno Olmi.
 El Lazarillo de Tormes is a 1959 Spanish film directed by César Fernández Ardavín. An adaptation of the anonymous sixteenth century novel Lazarillo de Tormes (1554) it tells the story of Lazarillo a poor boy who has to live by his wits after being sold to a series of cruel masters.
 Regular Guys (German: Echte Kerle) is a 1996 German comedy film directed by Rolf Silber.
 Lakshyam (Telugu: లక్ష్యం English translation: Target) is a 2007 Telugu film which stars Gopichand Anushka and Jagapati Babu. It marked the debut of Srivas as director. It was produced by Nallamalupu Srinivas (Bujji) under Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions banner. It was later remade in Tamil Bengali and Kannada. The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Bhai - The Lion.
 Finding Forrester is a 2000 American drama film written by Mike Rich and directed by Gus Van Sant. A black American teenager Jamal Wallace (Rob Brown) is invited to attend a prestigious private high school. By chance Jamal befriends a reclusive writer William Forrester (Sean Connery) through whom he refines his natural talent for writing and comes to terms with his identity. Anna Paquin F. Murray Abraham Michael Pitt April Grace Naturi Naughton and Busta Rhymes star in supporting roles.
 The Gay Intruders is a 1948 comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Perfect Pie is a play written by Judith Thompson and first staged at Toronto's Tarragon Theatre in 2000 with Judith Thompson also directing.The assistant director for the original production was Caroline Azar. The original cast starred Nancy Palk (Patsy) Tara Rosling (Young Patsy) Sonja Smits (Francesca) and Liisa Repo-Martell (Marie - Francesca's original name).
 Catfish is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman involving a young man Nev being filmed by his brother and friend co-directors Ariel and Henry as he builds a romantic relationship with a young woman on the social networking website Facebook. The film was a critical and commercial success even inspiring an MTV reality TV series Catfish: The TV Show.
 Aanachandam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.Aanachandam is about Krishna Prasad (Jayaram) who is crazy about elephants. When he was a ten-year old child his father had taken him to the village temple to attend the festival. An elephant which ran amok during the festival knocked the boy over placed his front foot on the lad's chest but then spared him.His love for elephants started on that day. He started studying about elephants and their habits.
 Fists of Legend (Hangul: 전설의 주먹; hanja: 傳說의 주먹; RR: Jeonseolui Jumeok; MR: Chŏnsŏl ŭi Chumŏk) is a 2013 South Korean sports drama film directed by Kang Woo-suk. It is based on the popular webtoon of the same title written by Lee Jong-gyu and illustrated by Lee Yoon-gyun. The film stars Hwang Jung-min Yoo Jun-sang Yoon Je-moon Lee Yo-won and Jung Woong-in.
 Blank Check (also known as Blank Cheque in Europe) is a 1994 comedy film directed by Rupert Wainwright starring Brian Bonsall Karen Duffy Miguel Ferrer James Rebhorn Tone Lōc Jayne Atkinson and Michael Lerner and was released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Spaceflight IC-1: An Adventure in Space is a 1965 BW (Black/White) United Kingdom Sci-Fi movie starring Bill Williams and Norma West. The civilized world is controlled by an all-powerful computerized government that is carefully choosing colonists for its newest space launch. The candidates are selected on the basis of their age health and IQ.The director was Bernard Knowles and the writer was Harry Spalding.
 In the Name of Buddha is a 2002 drama produced by K. Shanmughathas and Sai George. It is directed by Rajesh Touchriver. The film tells the true story of Sri Lankan Tamil doctor Siva.
 Return to House on Haunted Hill is a 2007 horror film and sequel to the 1999 film House on Haunted Hill. Directed by Víctor García the film depicts a group of people searching for a mysterious idol hidden inside a haunted psychiatric asylum. Nearly everyone is killed during the search by supernatural forces which seem to be connected to the idol.
 The Deadly Affair is a 1966 British espionage–thriller film based on John le Carré's first novel Call for the Dead. The film stars James Mason Harry Andrews Simone Signoret and Maximilian Schell and was directed by Sidney Lumet from a script by Paul Dehn.
 Great Expectations is a 1974 film made for television based on the Charles Dickens novel of the same name. It was directed by Joseph Hardy with screenwriter Sherman Yellen and music by Maurice Jarre starring Michael York as Pip Simon Gipps-Kent as Young Pip and Sarah Miles as Estella. The film made for US television and released to cinemas in the UK broke with tradition by having the same actress (the thirty-three-year-old Sarah Miles) play both the younger and older Estella.
 Where God Left His Shoes is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Salvatore Stabile and starring John Leguizamo Leonor Varela Samantha Rose Jerry Ferrara and Adriane Lenox. It was first distributed through a limited release by IFC Films on 12 December 2008. The title of the movie is an old Italian saying that Stabile's father used to say about good places.
 Are You Scared 2 is a 2009 action film directed by John Lands and released by Louisiana Media Services. It stars Adrienne Hays Adam Busch Tristan Wright Chad Guerrero Kathy Gardiner Andrea Monier Hannah Guarisco Tony Todd Katherine Rose Mark Lowry Dallas Montgomery Robin Zamora and Laura Buckles. It is an unrelated sequel to Are You Scared? that released in 2006.
 Merijntje Gijzens Jeugd is a 1936 Dutch drama film directed by Kurt Gerron.
 This Is My Father is a 1998 Irish-American film directed by Paul Quinn. It tells the story of an Irish couple from the '30s and their son trying to find his roots.
 Three Stories (Russian: Три истории translit. Tri istorii) is a 1997 Russian-Ukrainian comedy film directed by Kira Muratova. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival. 'Three Stories' was also seen in the Italian dub on Rai 3.
 L'aile ou la cuisse (French pronunciation: ​[lɛ.lu.la.kɥis]) French for The Wing or the Thigh) is a 1976 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi starring Louis de Funès and Coluche.
 A Tale of Two Sisters (Hangul: 장화 홍련; RR: Janghwa Hongryeon; lit. Rose Flower Red Lotus) is a 2003 South Korean psychological horror film written and directed by Kim Ji-woon. The film is inspired by a Joseon Dynasty folktale entitled Janghwa Hongryeon jeon which has been adapted to film several times.
 A Lesson of Belarusian (Polish: Lekcja białoruskiego) is a 2006 documentary film by Polish director Mirosław Dembiński. It follows the activities of several Belarusian pro-democracy youth activists in the four weeks running up to the highly controversial presidential re-election of Alexander Lukashenko on March 19 2006. The film has won multiple festival prizes.
 Dil Bhi Tera Hum Bhi Tere is a 1960 Hindi movie. Produced by Bihari Masand for Kanwar Kala Mandir the film is directed by Arjun Hingorani. The film stars Balraj Sahni Dharmendra and Kum Kum. The film was Dharmendra's debut film.
 The Demons of Ludlow is a low budget 1983 horror film directed and produced by Bill Rebane. The plot revolves around murderous pilgrim demons that lurk inside an antique piano.The film was made in Wisconsin and released theatrically by Titan International.
 Evil Bong is a 2006 horror/comedy film directed by Charles Band about a group of college stoners who smoke from a sentient malevolent bong unaware that it traps the smoker in a surreal strip-club with killer strippers and other strange creatures. The ending features an extended cameo by Tommy Chong of Cheech & Chong fame. Brandi Cunningham from VH1's Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and Bill Moseley of The Devil's Rejects also make appearances in the film.
 Mickey's 60th Birthday is the 1988 television special broadcast on the Walt Disney anthology television series on November 18 1988 on NBC. As the title suggests it was produced for the 60th anniversary of the Mickey Mouse character. Like Who Framed Roger Rabbit (which had been recently released at the time) much of the footage featured in the film is live-action with newly made animation (although some of the animation used for some scenes was made from existing footage).
 Spider Lilies (Chinese: 刺青; pinyin: Cì Qīng; literally Tattoo) is a 2007 Taiwanese lesbian drama film. It is the second feature-length film by director Zero Chou and stars Rainie Yang and Isabella Leong in the lead roles. Spider Lilies was screened at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Teddy Award for best feature film.
 Francisco Brennand is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Mariana Brennand Fortes about Francisco Brennand a plastic artist who lives and works in isolation in his workshop in a neighborhood away from Recife.The film shows the particular universe of the artist who at 80 years decided to break the silence to reveal the secrets of his art and his life inside his ceramic workshop.
 X-Men: Days of Future Past is an upcoming American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters appearing in Marvel Comics and on the 1981 Uncanny X-Men storyline Days of Future Past by Chris Claremont and John Byrne. Directed by Bryan Singer it is the seventh film in the X-Men film series and the third X-Men film directed by Singer after 2000's X-Men and 2003's X2.
 Oridathoru Puzhayundu is a 2008 Malayalam environmental film directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar starring K.B.Venu Jenny (Meera Jasmine's sister) Jayasree Sivadas Goutham Babu Balachandran Chullikad etc. The film is based on a real-life incident and is dedicated to the people of Plachimada. The film won the Kerala Film Critics Association Awards for the Best film for children of 2007. Jayasree Sivadas won the Kerala State and Kerala Film Critics awards for the best child artist.
 Wake is a 2009 comedy drama romance independent film directed by Ellie Kanner. It features Bijou Phillips Ian Somerhalder Jane Seymour Danny Masterson and Marguerite Moreau.
 Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.
 Pheri Bhetaula (Nepali: फेरी भेटौला translation: See you again) is a 1989 Nepali romantic film. The cast includes the famous Bollywood star Manisha Koirala and Prakash Adhikari.After this movie Manisha Koirala started a career in Bollywood.
 Dark Harvest is a 2004 slasher horror film written and directed by Paul Moore.
 Ji Gong (濟公 pinyin: Jì Gōng; The Mad Monk in English) is a 1993 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnny To and starring Stephen Chow as the Mad Monk Ji Gong a popular Chinese folklore figure from the Southern Song Dynasty. The film follows Dragon Fighter Luohan as he accepts a challenge from the gods to change the fate of a beggar a prostitute and a villain in three heavenly days. He is reborn on earth as a mere mortal and ultimately battles an evil demon to stave off hell on earth.
 The Killer (traditional Chinese: 喋血雙雄; simplified Chinese: 喋血双雄; pinyin: Diéxuè shuāngxióng Jyutping: dip6 hyut3 soeng1 hung4) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film written and directed by John Woo and starring Chow Yun-fat Danny Lee and Sally Yeh. Chow plays the assassin Ah Jong who accidentally damages the eyes of the singer Jennie (Sally Yeh) during a shootout. He later discovers that if Jennie does not have an expensive operation she will go blind.
 Madame Sans-Gêne (1961) is a Spanish-Italian-French film co-production filmed in Eastmancolor and Technirama and distributed in the U.S. by Embassy Pictures. The film was directed by Christian-Jaque and adapted from the 1893 play by Victorien Sardou and Émile Moreau.The film stars Sophia Loren and a cast of French and Italian players including Robert Hossein Julien Bertheau Renaud Mary Léa Gray Gianrico Tedeschi and Marina Berti.
 The American Bride (Italian: La sposa americana) is a 1986 Italian romance film directed by Giovanni Soldati. It is based on the novel with the same name written by the director's father.
 Century Hotel is a 2001 Canadian drama/mystery/romance film. It is directed and co-written by David Weaver and Bridget Newson.The film explains seven different stories that happen in the same hotel room in different eras from the 1920s to the 1990s. The stories are not told one after the other but interspersed.
 Chaúng Dai Ovpuk (The Bone of Father's Hand) is a 1971 Khmer movie directed by So Min Chiv starring Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 Pappa tar gull (English: Daddy's Success) is a 1964 Norwegian comedy film written and directed by Arne Skouen starring Sølvi Wang and Henki Kolstad. Laffen (Kolstad) has lost the respect of his children and needs to restore his honour.
 Face to Face (original title Ballë për Ballë) is a 1979 Albanian drama film directed by Kujtim Çashku and based on a novel by Ismail Kadare.
 Unexpected Riches is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th Our Gang short (211th episode 122nd talking short 123rd talking episode and 42nd MGM produced episode).
 Panama Lady is a 1939 film starring Lucille Ball.
 Die Feuerzangenbowle (The Fire-Tongs Bowl or The Punch Bowl) is a 1944 German film directed by Helmut Weiss and is based on the book of the same name. It follows the book closely as its author Heinrich Spoerl also wrote the script for the movie. Both tell the story of a famous writer going undercover as a student at a small town secondary school after his friends tell him that he missed out on the best part of growing up by being educated at home.
 Rites of Passage is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by W. Peter Iliff. The film stars Wes Bentley Kate Maberly Ryan Donowho Christian Slater and Stephen Dorff.
 The Geographer Drank His Globe Away (Russian: Географ глобус пропил Geograf globus propil) is a Russian drama film made in 2013 directed by Alexander Veledinsky based on the novel of the same name by Alexei Ivanov. The action of the film as opposed to the novel has been transferred from the dashing nineties to the present day. The film participated in the XXIV Open Russian Film Festival Kinotavr in Sochi and was awarded the main prize. It will be released in the autumn of 2013.
 The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American science fiction psychological thriller film that was written and directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber starring Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart.
 Intermedio is an American horror film released in March 2005.
 High Hat is a 1937 American film directed by Clifford Sanforth.
 I Want Your Money is a 2010 American documentary film by filmmaker Ray Griggs. It contrasts Barack Obama to Ronald Reagan.
 Shoot the Piano Player (French: Tirez sur le pianiste; UK title: Shoot the Pianist) is a 1960 French crime drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Charles Aznavour as the titular pianist. It is based on the novel Down There by David Goodis.
 Nebeští jezdci is a Czechoslovakian movie directed by Jindřich Polák in 1968 about Czech pilots in RAF service during the Battle of Britain and the ongoing aerial battle in northern Europe.It tells the story of the crews of the RAF's No. 311 Squadron which was mainly crewed by escaped Czech airmen and their bombing raids during the Second World War. The movie is based on the novel Nebeští jezdci (Sky Riders 1964) written by Czech author Filip Jánský a World War II RAF gunner.
 Sujata is a 1959 Hindi language Bimal Roy film. The film starred Sunil Dutt and Nutan supported by Lalita Pawar and Shashikala. Based on a Bengali short story by the same name by writer Subodh Ghosh the film explored the situation of caste in India. The music is by S. D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 Before the Fall (also known as NaPolA: Hitler's Elite; German: Napola - Elite für den Führer) is a 2004 German drama film written and directed by Dennis Gansel.
 Don't Open the Door! is a 1975 horror film directed by S. F. Brownrigg known for directing the 1973 horror film The Forgotten.
 Children of the Corn (also known as Stephen King's Children of the Corn) is a 1984 supernatural horror film based upon the 1977 short story of the same name by Stephen King. Directed by Fritz Kiersch the film stars Peter Horton and Linda Hamilton.
 The Patriots (French: Les patriotes [le patʁiˈjɔt]) is a 1994 French film by director Éric Rochant which focuses on certain activities carried out by the Mossad as well as describing some of their operational tactics. It is a fictionalized account of two separate missions undertaken by the Israeli secret services. The first part relates the acquisition of the plans of the nuclear power plant which was later bombed by the Israeli Air Force (the Osirak nuclear site in Iraq).
 The Lesser Blessed is a Canadian drama film released in 2012.Written and directed by Anita Doron based on the novel of the same name by Richard Van Camp the film stars Joel Evans as Larry Sole a young Tłı̨chǫ teenager living in the Northwest Territories. The film's cast also includes Chloe Rose Kiowa Gordon Benjamin Bratt Dylan Cook and Tamara Podemski.
 The Queen of Moulin Rouge (German: Die Königin von Moulin Rouge) is a 1926 Austrian silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Mady Christians André Roanne and Livio Pavanelli. The film is based on the 1902 play La Duchesse des Folies-Bergères by Georges Feydeau. It was the final silent film Wiene made in Austria before returning to Germany. It was made by the Austrian studio Pan Film with backing from the French Pathé and German Filmhaus Bruckmann companies.
 Softly Softly (Italian: Sotto.. sotto.. strapazzato da anomala passione also known as Sotto... sotto) is a 1984 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 The Straight Way was a 1916 American silent drama film written and directed by Will S. Davis. The film starred Valeska Suratt and was distributed Fox Film Corporation. The Straight Way is now considered lost.
 Keyhole is a Canadian film directed by Guy Maddin starring Jason Patric Isabella Rossellini Udo Kier and Kevin McDonald. A surreal combination of gangster film and haunted house film which draws on Homer's Odyssey as well Keyhole tells the story of a Ulysses Pick (Patric) who returns to his home and embarks on an odyssey through the house one room at a time. Filming began in Winnipeg on July 6 2010.
 Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir mystery-psychological thriller film written and directed by Christopher Nolan adapted from his younger brother Jonathan Nolan's short story Memento Mori.Memento is presented as two different sequences of scenes: a series in black-and-white that is shown chronologically and a series of color sequences shown in reverse order. The two sequences meet at the end of the film producing one common story.
 Blossoms in the Dust is a 1941 American Technicolor film which tells the true story of Edna Gladney who takes it upon herself to help orphaned children to find homes despite the opposition of the good citizens who think that illegitimate children are beneath their interest. It stars Greer Garson Walter Pidgeon Felix Bressart Marsha Hunt and Fay Holden.The movie was adapted by Hugo Butler (uncredited) Anita Loos and Dorothy Yost (uncredited) from the story by Ralph Wheelwright.
 The Animal Kingdom (also known as The Woman in His House in the UK) is a 1932 American comedy-drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith based upon a comedy of manners of the same name by Philip Barry.The film starred Leslie Howard Ann Harding Myrna Loy William Gargan Ilka Chase and Neil Hamilton.
 Beyond Reason is a 1977 independent film directed starring and written by Telly Savalas. Originally titled Mati after the title character Dr. Nicholas Mati the film focused on a psychiatrist who struggles with his grip on reality. Diana Muldaur also starred in the film as Elaine Mati the doctor's concerned wife.
 Nada más que amor is a 1942 Chilean film starring Alberto Closas.
 Jaane Hoga Kya is a 2006 Bollywood Sci-fi Thriller directed by Glen Barretto & Ankush Mohla. The film stars Aftab Shivdasani and Bipasha Basu as the lead protagonists. Rahul Dev Paresh Rawal Tinnu Anand and Preeti Jhangiani all play supporting roles. The film was released on 1 September 2006 in India. It features Aftab in a double role as a scientist who aims to clone human life.
 Interzone is a 1987 Italian-American sci-fi/action film directed by Deran Sarafian with original music composed by Stefano Mainetti starring Bruce Abbott Beatrice Ring and Teagan Clive. It was produced by Filmirage in Bracciano 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Rome and is set in the near distant post-apocalyptic future.
 Gharana Mogudu is a 1992 Telugu melodrama-action film which starred Chiranjeevi and Nagma in the lead roles. The film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao became the first Telugu film to gross over 100 million rupees at the box office.This film was a remake of hit Kannada film Anuraga Aralithu acted by legendary Rajkumar based on a Kannada novel. This film was also made as Mannan starring Rajinikanth and Vijayashanti and was released on Jan 1992.
 Illusions is a 1983 film written and directed by Julie Dash. The short film depicts the life of an African American woman passing as a white woman working in the film industry during the 1940s. It calls attention to the lack of African Americans in the film industry during that era.
 Argentino hasta la muerte (English language: Argentine Until Death) is a 1971 Argentine drama film set during the Paraguayan War (1864-1870) directed and written by Fernando Ayala with Félix Luna. The film premiered on 6 May 1971 in Buenos Aires.
 Escape to Paradise is a 1939 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton.
 Lissy is an East German film directed by Konrad Wolf based on a novel by F.C. Weiskopf.
 Pal Pal Dil Ke Ssaat is a 2009 Hindi-language film directed by V.K.Kumar starring Ajay Jadeja Vinod Kambli Mahi Gill Satish Shah and Sushma Seth.
 Chi è senza peccato is a 1952 Italian drama film by Raffaello Matarazzo.
 Dil Pardesi Ho Gayaa (My Heart Became a Stranger) is a 2003 romantic drama Bollywood movie directed by Saawan Kumar Tak.
 Charulata (Bengali: চারুলতা Cārulatā; in English also known as The Lonely Wife) is a 1964 Indian Bengali drama film by director Satyajit Ray based upon the novella Nastanirh (The Broken Nest) by Rabindranath Tagore. It features Soumitra Chatterjee Madhabi Mukherjee and Sailen Mukherjee.
 The Primitive Lover is a 1922 silent film drama produced by and starring Constance Talmadge and distributed by Associated First National (*later First National Pictures). Sidney A. Franklin served as the director of the movie and Frances Marion wrote the scenario based on a play The Divorcee by Edgar Selwyn. This film survives and is out on DVD.
 A Man Called Peter is a 1955 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Richard Todd. The film is based on the life of preacher Peter Marshall who served as Chaplain of the United States Senate and pastor of the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church in Washington DC before his early death. It is adapted from the 1951 biography of the same name written by his widow Catherine Marshall.
 Belladonna (哀しみのベラドンナ Kanashimi no Beradonna literally Belladonna of Sadness) also known as The Tragedy of Belladonna is a 1973 feature film produced by the Japanese animation studio Mushi Production and distributor Nippon Herald Films.
 Too Many Winners is a 1947 American crime film directed by William Beaudine and starring Hugh Beaumont Trudy Marshall and Ralph Dunn.
 Un crisantemo estalla en cinco esquinas (English: A Chrysanthemum Bursts in Cincoesquinas) is a 1998 Argentine Brazilian French and Spanish film written and directed by Daniel Burman his first feature film. The picture was produced by Diego Dubcovsky.
 The Exorcist III is a 1990 American supernatural horror film written and directed by William Peter Blatty. It is the third installment of The Exorcist series and a film adaptation of Blatty's novel Legion (1983). The film stars George C. Scott Ed Flanders Jason Miller Scott Wilson and Brad Dourif. This is the only Exorcist film not to be distributed theatrically by Warner Bros. though Warner Bros.
 Manon Lescaut is a 1926 silent German feature film based on the oft-filmed novel by Abbe Prevost. It stars Lya De Putti and was directed by Arthur Robison. It was produced and distributed by renown German film company Universum Film AG better known as UFA. A young actress named Marlene Dietrich had a supporting role in this production.
 A Time to Remember is a 2003 American television drama film starring Doris Roberts and Dana Delany.
 Bang Bang Orangutang is a 2005 Swedish film directed by Danish director Simon Staho starring Mikael Persbrandt Tuva Novotny Lena Olin Fares Fares Jonas Karlsson Reine Brynolfsson and many other popular Swedish actors.
 Inazuma Kaidō (稲妻街道 Inazuma Kaidō) is a 1957 Japanese film directed by Kazuo Mori.
 Almost Summer is a 1978 motion picture directed by Martin Davidson and produced by Motown Productions for Universal Pictures. It is the only Motown theatrical feature not to center around African-American characters.
 Watercolor Postcards is a 2012 American Drama written by Conrad Goode directed by Rajeev Dassani and starring Laura Bell Bundy Conrad Goode Bailee Madison John C. McGinley Jonathan Banks and Claudia Christian.
 Paula cautiva is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Miss London Ltd. is a 1943 British black-and-white comedy musical war film directed by Val Guest and starring Ronald Shiner as Sailor Meredith and Arthur Askey as Arthur Bowden. It was produced by Edward Black Maurice Ostrer Fred Gunn and Gainsborough Pictures.
 The Invisible Man's Revenge is a 1944 science fiction- horror film directed by Ford Beebe and written by Bertram Millhauser. The picture stars John Carradine as a mad scientist who tests his experiment on Jon Hall. The supporting cast features Evelyn Ankers. Revenge is the fifth film in the Invisible Man series suggested by H.G. Wells novel The Invisible Man.
 There Are Things You Don't Know is a 2010 film starring Ali Mosaffa Leila Hatami and Mahtab Keramati. The movie was directed by Fardin Saheb-Zamani and the screenplay was written by Fardin Saheb-Zamani and Payam Yazdani.
 Sazaa is a 1972 Bollywood thriller film directed by Chand.
 Aasoo Bane Angaarey is a 1993 Indian drama film starring Bindu Jeetendra and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles and directed by Mehul Kumar.
 Third World Cop is a 1999 Jamaican action-crime film starring Paul Campbell directed by Chris Browne and produced by Chris Blackwell of Island Jamaica Films.
 Mayor of the Sunset Strip is a 2003 documentary film on the life of Rodney Bingenheimer directed by George Hickenlooper and produced by Chris Carter.
 Delirious is a stand-up comedy television special starring Eddie Murphy. The 70-minute show released in 1983 showcases his most racy material. It was recorded on August 17 1983 at DAR Constitution Hall in Washington D.C. It was a big success and was followed by the concert film Eddie Murphy Raw. The Bus Boys perform in the beginning of the concert and are referenced throughout by Murphy.
 The Escape was a 1914 American silent drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith and starred Donald Crisp. The film is based on the play of the same name by Paul Armstrong who also wrote the screenplay. It is now considered lost.
 Flywheel is a 2003 American Christian drama film about the unexpected pitfalls that a used car dealer can expect to experience if he suddenly goes honest. The dealer intentionally overcharges his customers until reaching a turning point in his life where he decides to end his shady business practices and become a Christian. Alex Kendrick both directed the film and starred in the lead role and with his brother Stephen Kendrick co-wrote the film.
 Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave (1980) is a color movie from Canada that runs for 86 minutes. It was released by Simcom Limited and made by the production company the Film Consortium Of Canada. The movie stars Sneezy Waters as Hank Williams Sr. It also stars Dixie Seatle Sean McCann Jackie Washington Joel Zifkin and Sean Hewitt. The film was produced by Henk Van Der Kolk and William T. Marshall. Helga Stephenson was the executive producer. It was directed by David Acomba.
 Back Stage is a 1917 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Officer 666 is a 1916 silent film made in Australia based on a successful Broadway comedy of 1912. The film was directed by Fred Niblo who would go on to direct The Mark of Zorro The Three Musketeers Blood and Sand and over forty more films.
 This Is My Affair is a 1937 crime film starring Robert Taylor Barbara Stanwyck Victor McLaglen and Brian Donlevy.
 Nace un campeón is a 1952 Argentine film.
 New Movietone Follies of 1930 is a 1930 American musical film released by Fox Film Corporation directed by Benjamin Stoloff. The film stars El Brendel and Marjorie White who also costarred in Fox's Just Imagine in 1930.The film is a follow-up to Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 and has sequences filmed in Multicolor. An archival 35mm print of the film is in the collection of the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Barney Live! In New York City is a Barney & Friends stage show taped at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on March 6 1994 and released on video on August 26 1994. It was also the largest Barney & Friends stage show much to its size.
 Hochmut kommt vor dem Knall is an East German comedy film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen. It was released in 1960.
 Mystery at Castle House is a 1982 Australian film for children.
 The Great Lover is a 1931 film starring Adolphe Menjou and Irene Dunne and directed by Harry Beaumont. The supporting cast includes Ernest Torrence and Baclanova.
 20000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1997 television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment based on the novel of the same name by Jules Verne and starring Ben Cross as Captain Nemo. It premiered on March 23 1997.
 La Virgencita de madera is a 1937 Argentine film directed by Sebastián Naón.
 Light Up the Sky! is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Ian Carmichael Tommy Steele Benny Hill and Dick Emery
 Simply Kailawesome is a Kannada short film directed by MG Srinivas. The film was made on playwright T. P. Kailasam and revolves around conversations between Kailasam and female protagonists from four of his plays. While MG Srinivas played T. P. Kailasam Chaya Singh played all the four female characters: Paatu from Tollugatti Eeke from Gandaskathri Venkamma from Home Rule and Sule from the play Sule. It is inspired by the classic play Typical Arathi written by A S Murthy.
 Louis Cyr (French: Louis Cyr l'homme le plus fort du monde) is a 2013 Canadian drama film. A biopic directed by Daniel Roby the film stars Antoine Bertrand as Canadian strongman Louis Cyr.Its cast also includes Gilbert Sicotte Rose-Maïté Erkoreka Guillaume Cyr Gil Bellows Eliane Gagnon Normand Carrière Amélie Grenier Cliff Saunders and Marilyn Castonguay.The film was the top-grossing film of the year in Quebec.
 Madonna of the Storm is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Alias Gardelito is a 1961 Argentine drama film directed by Lautaro Murúa and written by Augusto Roa Bastos and Bernardo Kordon. The film starred Alberto Argibay Virginia Lago and Walter Vidarte.
 The Leech Woman is a 1960 American horror film directed by Edward Dein.
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 (also known as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2) is a 1986 American horror dark comedy slasher film directed by Tobe Hooper. It is a sequel to the 1974 horror classic The Texas Chain Saw Massacre also directed and co-written by Hooper. It was written by L. M. Kit Carson and produced by Carson Yoram Globus Menahem Golan and Hooper.
 41 Sekunden (English: 41 seconds) is a 2006 German film.
 Ball Lightning (Czech: Kulový blesk) is a 1979 Czechoslovak comedy film. Screenplay was written by Zdeněk Svěrák Ladislav Smoljak and Zdeněk Podskalský and film was directed by Smoljak and Podskalský.
 Ferestadeh is a 1983 American drama film directed by and starring Parviz Sayyad. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Thunveni Yamaya (English: Third Part of the Night) is a 1983 black-and-white Sri Lankan film directed by Dharmasiri Bandaranayake.
 Oh What a Lovely Tea Party is a 2004 documentary about the making of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back released and produced by Kevin Smith's View Askew Productions. The 3-hour work marks the directorial debut of Jennifer Schwalbach Smith Kevin Smith's wife.It was originally intended to be a bonus feature on the Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back DVD but due to its length it became a standalone feature. Plans to include it on the Clerks X DVD were scrapped for similar reasons.
 A Winnie the Pooh Thanksgiving is a 1998 made-for-TV special featuring the voice talents of Jim Cummings Paul Winchell and John Fiedler. The special shows Pooh and his friends learning the true meaning of Thanksgiving. It was nominated for Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Children's Program.
 The Arrow is a four-hour miniseries produced for CBC Television in 1996 starring Dan Aykroyd as Crawford Gordon experienced wartime production leader during World War II and president of A. V. Roe Canada during its attempt to produce the Avro Arrow supersonic jet interceptor. The film also stars Michael Ironside and Sara Botsford.
 Kindari Jogi (Kannada: ಕಿಂದರಿಜೋಗಿ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed co-written and enacted by V. Ravichandran along with Juhi Chawla pairing together again after the successful previous film Premaloka (1988). The supporting cast features Lokesh Doddanna Abhinaya and Mukhyamantri Chandru among others.The film was presented and produced by N. Veeraswamy under his home production Eshwari Productions.
 Aakrosh (English: Anger) is a 1998 Bollywood action crime film directed by Lateef Binny starring Sunil Shetty and Shilpa Shetty. The FIlm was a Success at the Box Office
 Pooja (Telugu: పూజ) is a Telugu movie of AVM Productions released in 1975. It was a musical hit especially for the superhit song Ennenno Janmala Bandham.[citation needed]. The movie is a remake of the original Kannada movie Eraadu kanasu (1974) starring Dr. Rajkumar and music by the same music director duo Rajan - Nagendra.The music director for the movie was Rajan-Nagendra Lyrics by Dasaradhi. Some songs were sung by S.P.Balasubramanyam and Vani Jayaram.
 Westworld is a 1973 science fiction western-thriller film written and directed by novelist Michael Crichton and produced by Paul Lazarus III. It stars Yul Brynner as an android in a futuristic Western-themed amusement park and Richard Benjamin and James Brolin as guests of the park.Westworld was the first theatrical feature directed by Michael Crichton. It was also the first feature film to use digital image processing to pixellate photography to simulate an android point of view.
 Father Xmas is a 2001 short film from director Marie Rose and the American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women starring Dakota Fanning as six-year-old Clairee who learns from her older brother (Stephen Fanning) that Santa Claus is not real and that their father is fighting in the Vietnam War.
 Dance on the Volcano (German: Der Tanz auf dem Vulkan) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and featuring Bela Lugosi. The U.S. version of the film was known as Daughter of the Night.
 Vincent & Theo is a 1990 biographical drama directed by Robert Altman starring Tim Roth and Paul Rhys. The movie is an exploration of the relationship between Vincent van Gogh and his art dealer brother Theo.Originally a four-hour mini-series for the BBC Robert Altman and writer Julian Mitchell were able to pare it down to two and a half hours. The production saved money by hiring art students to reproduce Van Gogh's masterpieces.[citation needed]
 Loving You is a 1957 American Technicolor musical drama structured as Elvis Presley's first film vehicle following his black-and-white debut the previous year in a supporting role. The storyline about a delivery man who is discovered by a music publicist and country-western musician who want to promote the talented newcomer to fame and fortune was scripted by Herbert Baker as well as director Hal Kanter.
 Late Fragment is a Canadian interactive cinema production written and directed by Daryl Cloran Anita Doron and Mateo Guez. It is North America's first interactive feature film. The project is a co-production of Canadian Film Centre and the National Film Board of Canada. [1] [2]
 Doughboys in Ireland is a 1943 American musical war film directed by Lew Landers and starring Kenny Baker Jeff Donnell Lynn Merrick. The film offered an early role for future star Robert Mitchum who appeared in a large number of films that year. A group of American troops are stationed in Ireland where they come into conflict with the locals.
 Iru Malargal (Translation: Two Flowers) is a 1967 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by A. C. Trilogchander. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan Padmini K. R. Vijaya Chittor V. Nagaiah Nagesh Manoramma Roja Ramani and S. A. Ashokan. The film tells the story of a man who faces upheavals in his life as he is caught between his lady-love and his devoted wife. Released on 1 November 1967 Iru Malargal opened to critical acclaim.
 Spawn of the North is a 1938 film about rival fishermen in Alaska starring George Raft and featuring Henry Fonda Dorothy Lamour and John Barrymore. The movie was directed by Henry Hathaway.
 The Guest is an American psychological thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett. The film stars Dan Stevens Maika Monroe Brendan Meyer and Lance Reddick. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014. Wingard and Barrett similarly work together for their previous film You're Next.
 The Meerkats also known as Meerkats: The Movie is a feature-length 2008 British wildlife fiction film which anthropomorphises the daily struggles of a clan of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert. It was produced by BBC Films and The Weinstein Company and filmed by the award-winning BBC Natural History Unit. It is the debut directorial feature of James Honeyborne previously a producer of natural history programmes for television.
 Track of the Cat is a 1954 film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Robert Mitchum and Teresa Wright. The film is based on a 1949 adventure novel of the same name by Walter Van Tilburg Clark. This was Wellman's second adaptation of a Clark novel the first being The Ox-Bow Incident. Track of the Cat was produced by John Wayne and Robert Fellows for their Wayne/Fellows production company.
 Hard Asphalt (Norwegian: Hard asfalt) is a 1986 Norwegian drama film directed by Sølve Skagen. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Eight Legged Freaks is a 2002 American comedy horror directed by Ellory Elkayem and stars David Arquette Kari Wührer and Scott Terra. The plot concerns a collection of spiders that are exposed to toxic waste causing them to grow to gigantic proportions and begin killing and harvesting. The film was dedicated to the memory of Pilar Seurat the mother of producer Dean Devlin who died of cancer the previous year.
 Unishe April (Bengali: উনিশে এপ্রিল 19th April) (1994) is an award-winning feature film directed by Rituparno Ghosh. The film is in Bengali. It stars Aparna Sen Debashree Roy Prosenjit Chatterjee and Dipankar Dey. The film's music is composed by Jyotishka Dasgupta. It won two National Film Awards in 1995 including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film. It is a loose remake of the 1978 Ingmar Bergman film Autumn Sonata.
 Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British action film filmed in Hong Kong directed by Jeremy Summers starring Robert Cummings Margaret Lee and a cast of guest stars.
 Who’s That Girl is a 2011 Filipino Comedy/Romance film starring Anne Curtis Luis Manzano and Eugene Domingo produced by Viva Films and SMDC and released by Star Cinema. Who’s That Girl is a story about how a case of mistaken identity can be life-altering told in such hilarious manner. Anne Curtis plays Elizabeth Pedrosa a wallflower who transforms into a gorgeous and successful career woman because of her longtime dream guy John Eduque played by Luis Manzano.
 Fairy in a Cage (檻の中の妖精 Ori no naka no yōsei) aka Woman In a Cage is a 1977 Japanese pink film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Kōyū Ohara and starring Naomi Tani.
 The Comfort of Strangers is a 1990 film directed by Paul Schrader. The screenplay is by Harold Pinter adapted from a short novel of the same name by Ian McEwan. The film stars Natasha Richardson Christopher Walken Rupert Everett and Helen Mirren. It was screened out of competition at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Shadowzone is science fiction/horror movie directed by J.S. Cardone and released in 1990. It was rated R for violence language and some nudity.
 Dark Tide is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by John Stockwell produced by Jeanette Buerling and Matthew E. Chausse and written by Ronnie Christensen and Amy Sorlie. The film is based on a story by Amy Sorlie and stars Halle Berry Olivier Martinez and Ralph Brown.
 Last Call (Dutch: Hoogste Tijd) is a 1995 Dutch and Belgian drama film directed by Frans Weisz.
 A Plumm Summer is a 2007 adventure-family film directed by Caroline Zelder. It starred Owen Pearce Chris Massoglia (appearing under the name Chris J. Kelly) Morgan Flynn William Baldwin Henry Winkler and Lisa Guerrero. The film follows a teenage boy his young brother and a new-to-town teenage girl as they try to find a marionette from a local television show which has been stolen and held for ransom.
 Kindred Spirits is a 1984 Australian film about a young girl who has a psychic experience at Bondi Beach.
 What Goes Up is an American comedy-drama film distributed by Sony Pictures Entertainment starring Hilary Duff Steve Coogan Josh Peck Olivia Thirlby and Molly Shannon directed by Jonathan Glatzer and co-written by Glatzer and Robert Lawson. Coogan also serves as an executive producer. It premiered on May 8 2009 at the 3rd Annual Buffalo Niagara Film Festival.
 The Lone Ranger and the Lost City of Gold an Eastmancolor Western film is the second of two theatrical-feature specifically based on and continuing the TV show The Lone Ranger starring Clayton Moore and Jay Silverheels reprising their roles from the TV series. The first feature film was The Lone Ranger (1956 film). No further films based on this specific version of the characters were made after this one.
 Extreme Prejudice is an American action film starring Nick Nolte and Powers Boothe originally released in 1987.The film was directed by Walter Hill; it was written by John Milius Fred Rexer and Deric Washburn (the latter collaborated with Michael Cimino on Silent Running and The Deer Hunter).Extreme Prejudice is an homage of sorts to The Wild Bunch a western directed by Sam Peckinpah with whom Hill worked on The Getaway (1972 film).
 2LDK is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi as part of the Duel Project starring Maho Nonami and Eiko Koike. Two ambitious actresses who share an apartment learn they have been short-listed for the same part and that they have to wait for one more night to see who wins the part. As they bicker throughout the night their competitiveness and hidden grudges turn their apartment into a battlefield.
 The Night the World Exploded is a 1957 science fiction film. The film was written by Jack Natteford and Luci Ward and directed by Fred F. Sears for producer Sam Katzman.
 Regeneration is a 1997 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Pat Barker. The film is directed by Gillies MacKinnon. It was released as Behind the Lines in the USA in 1998. The film follows the stories of a number of Officers of the British Army during World War I who are brought together in Craiglockhart War Hospital where they are treated for various trauma.
 The Big Bang is a 2011 American thriller film written by Erik Jendresen and directed by Tony Krantz starring Antonio Banderas and Sienna Guillory.
 We Stick Together Through Thick and Thin (German: Wir halten fest und treu zusammen) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Herbert Nossen and starring Sig Arno Kurt Gerron and Ernst Karchow. It was one of a number of films starring Arno and Gerron in their characters of 'Beef' and 'Steak' in an effort to create a German equivalent to Laurel and Hardy.
 Kisses and Caroms is a 2006 American independent comedy film that was shot in five days for a budget of $11000 which went on to gross over $1 million through Warner Bros.. The film is available in Greece Russia Hong Kong Thailand and Brazil. It was also released by 20th Century Fox under the title American Pool in Australia and New Zealand.
 Private Romeo is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet by Alan Brown made in 2011. The film is a reenactment of the play exclusively spoken in an all-male high school military academy called McKinley Military Academy of the tale. Amidst this recitation is a gay love blossoming between the two cadets Sam Singleton / Romeo played by Seth Numrich and Glenn Mangan / Juliet played by Matt Doyle.
 Busting is a 1974 film directed by Peter Hyams starring Elliott Gould and Robert Blake as Los Angeles police detectives.
 Sexy Sluts: Been There Done That is a 2003 hardcore pornography film directed and produced by Necro and assistant directed by Cordell. The film stars Lanny Barbie who Necro wrote and recorded a song specifically for and features in the film. The film also stars A.J. Kahn Maria Brianna Julian Vanisha Jade and Erika Cole and is hosted by 1980s pornography legend Jerry Butler.
 How Kitchener Was Betrayed is a 1921 British silent war film directed by Percy Nash and starring Fred Paul Winifred Evans and Bertram Burleigh. It was a fictional portrayal of the events leading up to the death of Herbert Kitchener on HMS Hampshire during the First World War in which the German secret service receive warning of the General's activities through a German agent Elbie Böcker.
 Kalat Nakalat is a Marathi movie released on 11 December 1989. Produced by Smita Talwalkar and directed by Kanchan Nayak. The movie is based on a happy and loving family and how everything changes because of one mistake.
 Magnum Force is a 1973 American action film and the second to feature Clint Eastwood as maverick cop Harry Callahan after the 1971 film Dirty Harry. Ted Post who also directed Eastwood in the television series Rawhide and the feature film Hang 'Em High directed the film the second in the Dirty Harry series. The screenplay was written by John Milius (who provided an uncredited rewrite for the original film) and Michael Cimino.
 Law at Randado released in 1989 is a western starring Glenn Ford as Sheriff John Danaher who returns to a town to enforce justice.
 Bungalow 13 is a 1948 American film. Detective Christopher Adams chases a precious antique jade lion through the Mexican cafes auto courts and the seamy side of Los Angeles. It was the final film of actor Richard Cromwell.
 Hell's Bells: The Dangers of Rock 'N' Roll is a 1989 Christian documentary film produced and directed by Eric Holmberg who also produced and directed its sequel Hell's Bells 2 - The Power and Spirit of Popular Music (2004).
 Rock n Roll Junkie is a 1994 Dutch documentary film directed by Jan Eilander. The film is about Herman Brood.
 The Blues Brothers is a 1980 American musical Technicolor comedy film directed by John Landis and starring John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd as Joliet Jake and Elwood Blues characters developed from The Blues Brothers musical sketch on the NBC variety series Saturday Night Live.It features musical numbers by rhythm and blues (R&B) soul and blues singers James Brown Cab Calloway Aretha Franklin Ray Charles and John Lee Hooker.
 Thamarassery to Thailand is an upcoming Malayalam film directed by Saji Surendran written by Krishna Poojappura and produced by Maniyanpilla Raju.
 Soul Mates is a 1925 silent drama film directed by Jack Conway based on the 1911 novel The Reason Why by Elinor Glyn. The movie was the second successful collaboration between Glyn and Conway.
 La Passante (English title: The Passerby) is a French drama film from 1951 directed by Henri Calef written by Henri Calef starring Henri Vidal and Louis de Funès. The scenario is based on Serge Groussard's novel La Femme sans passé.
 Agente S 03: Operazione Atlantide or Operation Atlantis is a 1965 Italian spy film adventure directed by Domenico Paolella. The film is about an American agent George Steele (John Ericson) who discovers that the Red Chinese have built a secret atomic city from which they will attempt to invade the United States.
 see also Quick Millions (1939 film)Quick Millions is a 1931 Pre-Code crime film directed by Rowland Brown. The film involves a truck driver (Spencer Tracy) and the wealthy woman (Marguerite Churchill) that he covets and also features George Raft and Leon Ames in supporting roles.
 Nevada Smith is a 1975 TV Western starring Cliff Potts Adam West and Lorne Greene based on the 1966 film Nevada Smith.Cliff Potts as Nevada Smith Lorne Greene as Jonas Cord Adam West as Frank HartleeWarren Vanders as Red Fickett
 Rain is a 2008 film directed by Maria Govan. This was among the first feature productions to be shot entirely by citizens of the Bahamas. Rain marks the final film of actor Calvin Lockhart.
 Bunny O'Hare is a 1971 American comedy film directed by Gerd Oswald starring Bette Davis and Ernest Borgnine. The screenplay by Coslough Johnson and Stanley Z. Cherry focuses on a pair of senior citizens who disguised as hippies engage in a crime spree.
 Bread and Chocolate (Italian: Pane e cioccolata) is a 1974 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Franco Brusati. This film chronicles the misadventures of an Italian immigrant to Switzerland and is representative of the commedia all'italiana film genre.
 My Super Psycho Sweet 16 is an American teen horror slasher film based on the popular MTV show My Super Sweet 16. Directed by Jacob Gentry the film follows two girls: an outcast named Skye Rotter (Lauren McKnight) and Madison Penrose (Julianna Guill) a girl who has been spoiled throughout her life. Madison convinces her parents to re-open the Roller-Dome (that Rotter's father once owned) for her sweet sixteenth birthday party.
 Sathi Amar is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Shankar Ray and produced by Pritam Jalan. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Raj
 The Great King (German: Der große König) is a 1942 German drama film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Otto Gebühr. It depicts the life of Frederick the Great who ruled Prussia from 1740 to 1786. It received the rare Film of the Nation distinction.
 Super Sleuth is a 1937 film. It was an early lead role for Jack Oakie.
 Stealing Harvard is a 2002 crime comedy film directed by Canadian filmmaker Bruce McCulloch about a man who resorts to crime to pay for his niece's Harvard tuition.The film stars Jason Lee and Tom Green. Co-starring are Leslie Mann Dennis Farina Richard Jenkins John C. McGinley Tammy Blanchard and Megan Mullally.
 Before Tomorrow (French title Le jour avant le lendemain) is a Canadian drama film released in 2008. Directed by Marie-Hélène Cousineau and Madeline Ivalu the film is an adaptation of the novel Før Morgendagen by Danish writer Jørn Riel.
 Before They Were Dubz is a Straight-to-DVD documentary film directed by Jessica Grace Mellor that charts the history of British hip-hop group N-Dubz from their early days when they were as young as twelve to the point of their major label signing in 2007 by All Around the World Records. The film features footage recorded during the early years of the band pieced together with interviews from friends and colleagues of the group including Wretch 32 J2K (singer) and Angel.
 Del rancho a la televisión (From the Ranch to the Television) is a 1953 Mexican film. It stars Luis Aguilar.
 Allegro is a 2005 Danish film directed by Christoffer Boe who also wrote the screenplay together with Mikael Wulff. It is Christoffer Boe's second film as a director. It features Ulrich Thomsen and former model Helena Christensen.
 The Double Fiance (German: Der Doppelbräutigam) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The 7th Dawn is a 1964 drama film starring William Holden Capucine and Tetsuro Tamba. The film set in the Malayan Emergency was based on the novel The Durian Tree by Michael Keon and filmed on location in Malaysia.
 Raja Bhaiya is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raman Kumar and produced by Maann Singh Deep. It stars Govinda and Aarti Chhabria in pivotal roles.
 Western Heritage is a 1948 American Western directed by Wallace Grissell. The film is a Tim Holt B Western about land robbers and forgers in the southwest.Although based on an original screenplay the film features Chito Rafferty from RKO's earlier Zane Grey series.
 As the Light Goes Out (Chinese: 救火英雄) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese disaster film directed by Derek Kwok and starring Nicholas Tse Shawn Yue Simon Yam and Hu Jun.
 Athisayan (Malayalam: അതിശയൻ) is a 2007 Malayalam science fiction film directed by Vinayan starring Master Devadas Jackie Shroff Mukesh Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles. The film is inspired from the 2003 American superhero film Hulk. Athisayan marks the debut of Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff in Malayalam cinema. The film was dubbed and released in Hindi as Naya Ajooba in 2009.
 Hellboy: Sword of Storms is the first of the Hellboy Animated series based on Mike Mignola's popular comic book series Hellboy and the live-action film of the same name. It was released in 2006. The second animated straight-to-DVD film Hellboy: Blood and Iron was released on 17 March 2007.
 Solo is a 2006 Australian film.The film was made after Morgan O'Neill's script was voted winner for Project Greenlight in Australia.
 Empire is a 2002 gangster film starring John Leguizamo and Peter Sarsgaard.
 Judex is the title of a 1916 silent French film serial concerning the adventures of Judex who is a pulp hero similar to The Shadow created by Louis Feuillade and Arthur Bernède.
 A Little Romance is a 1979 American romantic comedy film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Laurence Olivier Thelonious Bernard and Diane Lane in her film debut. The screenplay was written by Allan Burns and George Roy Hill based on the novel E=mc2 Mon Amour by Patrick Cauvin. The original music score was composed by Georges Delerue.
 Tara is a 2013 Hindi drama film directed and produced by Kumar Raj. The film is to be released on July 12 2013. The film features Rekha Rana Rohan Shroff and Sapna P Chuobisha as main characters.
 On the Threshold (Norwegian: Lars i porten) is a 1984 Norwegian drama film directed by Leif Erlsboe. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 </s>The Fall of the Roman Empire is a 1964 epic film starring Sophia Loren Stephen Boyd Alec Guinness James Mason Christopher Plummer Mel Ferrer and Omar Sharif. It was directed by Anthony Mann and produced by Samuel Bronston with a screenplay by Ben Barzman Basilio Franchina and Philip Yordan.The film was a financial failure at the box-office.
 Hero is an upcoming Indian action film directed by Nikhil Advani and co-written with Umesh Bist a remake of Subhash Ghai's directed 1983 film of the same name which starred Jackie Shroff. The film stars Sooraj Pancholi and Athiya Shetty. The film is scheduled for a December 12 2014 release.
 Young and Dangerous: The Prequel (Chinese: 新古惑仔之少年激鬥篇) is a 1998 Hong Kong Triad film directed by Andrew Lau. It is the second prequel in the Young and Dangerous film series.The film shows Chan Ho Nam (Nicholas Tse) Chicken Chiu (Sam Lee) and their friends being recruited by Uncle Bee (Ng Chi-Hung) and joining the Hung Hing triad.
 En Uyir Nee Thaane (English: You are my life) is a 1998 released Tamil film. The movie stars Prabhu Ganesan Devayani and Srividya. The film is directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The music is by Deva. The film is a remake of Telugu film Pellichesukundam. The film was one among 1998 Deepavali releases.
 Alas de mariposa is a 1991 Spanish film written and directed by Juanma Bajo Ulloa.
 Seabiscuit is a 2003 American biographical sports drama film based on the best-selling non-fiction book Seabiscuit: An American Legend by Laura Hillenbrand. The film is loosely based on the life and racing career of Seabiscuit an undersized and overlooked thoroughbred race horse whose unexpected successes made him a hugely popular media sensation in the United States during the Great Depression.
 The Talgai Skull: An Investigation Into the Origin of the Australian Aborigines is a 1968 Australian film. It shared the 1968 Australian Film Institute award for Best Documentary.
 Copper Angel (Russian: Медный ангел; translit. Medny angel) is a 1984 Soviet motion picture production of Gorky Film Studios. The film was directed by Soviet director Veniamyn Dorman and starred Anatoly Kuznetsov Leonid Kuravlyov and Aleksandr Filippenko.
 'Cabaret Neiges Noires' is a 1997 French Canadian musical film by Cine Qua Non Films. It is directed by Raymond Saint-Jean and is written by Dominic Champagne. Its tagline is Le cri d'une génération.
 Jhoola is a 1941 Indian Bollywood film directed by Gyan Mukherjee. It was the fourth highest grossing Indian film of 1941.
 Nevidni bataljon (The Invisible Battalion) is a 1967 Slovene film directed by Jane Kavčič.
 Winners and Sinners (Chinese: 奇謀妙計五福星; pinyin: Qí móu miāo jǐ wŭ fú xīng aka 5 Lucky Stars) is a 1983 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Jackie Chan and Yuen Biao. It was the first in the Lucky Stars series of films a highly successful series in Hong Kong.The film co-stars Jackie Chan in a significant role as an error-prone police officer.
 In the Spider's Web is a 2007 American made-for-television natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment and directed by Terry Winsor. It aired on various video on demand channels before officially premiering in the United States on the Syfy on August 26 2007. It is the 2nd film in the Maneater Series a set of horror films produced in partnership with Syfy.
 Shikari (English: The Hunter) is a hit Hindi movie directed by Mohammed Hussain and was released in 1963. The actors are Ajit Ragini Helen Madan Puri K N Singh Tun Tun Kamal Mehra and others. The music of the film was the biggest asset of this film and the songs 'O tumko piya dil diya' 'mangi hain duaayen' 'ye rangeen mehfil' 'agar main poochhoon' had catchy tunes to become popular on the music-chart of the year.
 Crash is a 2004 crime drama film co-written produced and directed by Paul Haggis. The film is about racial and social tensions in Los Angeles California.
 Boy Girl is a short experimental film directed by Bruce LaBruce.Boy Girl stars G.B. Jones and Bruce LaBruce and was made in Toronto Ontario Canada in 1987. It is an experimental film which aside from the two stars features segments filmed from television of Mary Tyler Moore from the Elvis Presley film Change of Habit. It was filmed silently on Super 8mm colour film with a soundtrack added in post-production.
 English Vinglish is a 2012 Indian comedy-drama film written and directed by Gauri Shinde. The film's narrative revolves around a housewife who enrolls in an English-speaking course to stop her husband and daughter mocking her lack of English skills and gains self-respect in the process. The protagonist played by Sridevi was inspired by Shinde's mother.
 The College Widow is a 1915 silent film starring Ethel Clayton. It's the first filming of George Ade's 1904 campus comedy performed on Broadway that year. The film was made by the Lubin Company in Pennsylvania and is now lost.Later films of this story are The College Widow (1927) Maybe It's Love(1930) and Freshman Love(1936)
 Madame Pompadour is a 1927 British silent historical drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Dorothy Gish Antonio Moreno and Nelson Keys. The film depicts the life of Madame Pompadour mistress of Louis XV of France.
 Mango Soufflé is a 2002 Indian film written and directed by Mahesh Dattani. It was promoted as first gay male film from India.
 Curtain Call at Cactus Creek is a 1950 American film starring Donald O'Connor and Gale Storm. In the story a traveling entertainer (O'Connor) gets mixed up with bank robbers.
 Maneater is a 2007 American television natural horror film directed by Gary Yates and produced by RHI Entertainment starring Gary Busey Ty Wood and Ian D. Clark. The film aired on various video on demand channels before officially premiering in the United States on the Syfy Channel on September 8 2007. This film lends its name to the film series to which it belongs and is the third film in the series. Filmed in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada the film is produced under an agreement with Syfy.
 S. Manasvi is a qualified architect from Madhav Institute of Technology and Science (MITS) Gwalior. Later he became a filmmaker. He is an alumnus of the Film and Television Institute of India Pune. After passing out of FTII in 2004 he made corporate films adfilms music videos and wrote for Television. He has been credited the dialogue writer for Left Right Left Choti Bahu and several other shows.
 Yuriko Dasvidaniya (百合子、ダスヴィダーニヤ) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Sachi Hamano.
 The Corpse is a 1971 British horror film.The script was originally known as The Velvet House and was based on the film Les Diaboliques. In the US it was released as Crucible of Horror. The money was raised from distributors London-Cannon Films.
 Breaking In is a 1989 American crime comedy film directed by Bill Forsyth and written by John Sayles. It stars Burt Reynolds Casey Siemaszko and Lorraine Toussaint. It is a movie about how professional small-time criminals live and practice their trades.
 Sunset on the Desert is a 1942 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Rookie of the Year is a 1955 half-hour baseball drama directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne Vera Miles Ward Bond and Patrick Wayne all of whom Ford would direct in The Searchers the following year.
 Call of the Bush is a 1912 Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 Young Ideas is a 1943 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and starring Susan Peters Herbert Marshall Mary Astor and Elliott Reid.
 Nights in Rodanthe (pronounced roh-DANTH-ee) is a 2008 American/Australian romantic drama film. It is a film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks. The film stars Richard Gere and Diane Lane in their third screen collaboration after Unfaithful (2002) and The Cotton Club (1984). The film is rated PG-13 by the MPAA for some sensuality and was released on 26 September 2008.
 MPD Psycho (full title Multiple Personality Detective Psycho - Kazuhiko Amamiya Returns) is a 2000 Japanese six-part horror crime television miniseries based on the manga of the same name and directed by Takashi Miike. It originally aired on 2 May 2000.
 Kalisundham Raa is a 2000 Telugu drama film starring Venkatesh and Simran in the lead roles. It is directed by K. R. Udhayashankar. and produced by D. Suresh Babu. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu for that year. The film was remade in Hindi as Kuch Tum Kaho Kuch Hum Kahein with Fardeen Khan and introducing Richa Pallod in 2002.
 The Man Who Invented the Moon is a 2003 film by Normandie County Films written by Lee Kirk and directed by John Cabrera. The film stars Sean Gunn Nicolette DiMaggio Julie Dolan and Brent Sexton and was produced by Larry Fitzgibbon. The Man Who Invented the Moon was John Cabrera's directorial debut.
 God's Gift is a direct-to-video American drama film directed by Master P produced and distributed by Guttar Music Entertainment. It was released on October 26 2010. The movie only opened in cinemas in the USA and could only be viewed if you bought the album from his Myspace page. It was written by Britt O. Wynn. The movie starred Romeo his father Master P and Romeo's co-star from Romeo! Zachary Isaiah Williams.
 Al-Yateematain (Arabic: اليتيمتين‎ The Two Orphans) is a 1949 Egyptian drama film written by Abo El Seoud El Ebiary directed by Hassan Al Imam starring Egyptian actress Faten Hamama. The film was based on the novels of Adolphe d'Ennery and Eugène Cormon.
 Service for Ladies (released as Reserved for Ladies in the U.S.) is a 1932 British comedy film the second based on the novel The Head Waiter by Ernest Vajda. It was directed by Alexander Korda and starred Leslie Howard.A previous 1927 silent film starred Adolphe Menjou is now lost.
 Open Doors (original Italian title: Porte aperte) is an award-winning 1990 film directed by Gianni Amelio. Set in Palermo in the 1930s a judge who is morally against the death penalty is confronted with the case of a man who has murdered his wife and two colleagues in cold blood. Opposed by both the fascist government and public opinion he struggles to do what he believes is right. Based on a 1968 novel Porte Aperte by Leonardo Sciascia.
 Male and Female Since Adam and Eve is a 1961 Argentine film.
 The Disobedient (Serbian: Neposlušni) is a 2014 Serbian drama film written directed and produced by Mina Djukic. The film premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014.The film later premiered at the 2014 International Film Festival Rotterdam on January 29 2014.
 Dirty Work is a 1934 British comedy crime film directed by Tom Walls and starring Ralph Lynn Gordon Harker Robertson Hare and Basil Sydney. It was based on Dirty Work one of the Aldwych Farces by Ben Travers which had some of the same cast members.
 Popeye's Voyage: The Quest for Pappy is a 2004 computer-animated television special produced by Mainframe Entertainment for Lions Gate Entertainment. The special created to coincide with the 75th anniversary of the Popeye the Sailor comic strip character first aired on Fox on December 17 2004 and was rebroadcast on the same network in December 2005.
 Baiga vasara (English: Dangerous Summer) is a 2000 Latvian film directed by Aigars Grauba starring Inese Cauna Uldis Dumpis Eduards Pāvuls Jānis Reinis and Artūrs Skrastiņš.
 Don't Cry Nanking also known as Nanjing 1937 (Chinese: 南京１９３７; pinyin: Nánjīng yī jiǔ sān qī) is a 1995 Chinese film about the 1937 Nanking Massacre committed by the Imperial Japanese Army in the former capital city Nanjing China.
 Her First Romance is a 1940 American musical comedy film directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 The Taebaek Mountains (Hangul: 태백산맥; RR: Taebaek Sanmaek) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.
 Chuck E. Cheese in the Galaxy 5000 is a direct-to-video special that was based upon Chuck E. Cheese's. It was released October 5 1999 in CEC restaurants and Target stores. The plot is that a boy named Charlie Rockit needs $50000 to fix his aunt and uncle's tractor engine so Chuck E. and friends go to the Galaxy 5000 to win it in a race.
 A Glass of Rage (Portuguese: Um Copo de Cólera; also known as A Fit of Rage) is a 1999 Brazilian drama film directed by Aluizio Abranches. It stars Alexandre Borges and Julia Lemmertz as a couple who after a night of sex start an exchange of accusations. Based on Raduan Nassar's novel of the same name its filming took place in the neighborhood of Vargem Grande in the city of Rio de Janeiro.It received six nominations at the 1st Grande Prêmio Cinema Brasil of which it did not won any award.
 Money Train is a 1995 American comedy thriller film starring Wesley Snipes Woody Harrelson and Jennifer Lopez as New York City transit cops and Robert Blake as their iron-fisted boss. After losing his job Harrelson's character plots to hijack and then rob the money train which hauls collected fare revenues for the New York City Subway from the system's stations.
 A Little Hero is a 1913 American short comedy film featuring Mabel Normand and Harold Lloyd.
 Stretch is a 2011 French film directed by Charles de Meaux. It stars Nicolas Cazalé Fan Bingbing and David Carradine. This was Carradine's final performance.
 Kaavalan (English: Bodyguard) is a 2011 Tamil romantic action drama written and directed by Siddique starring Vijay and Asin in the lead roles. The film is a remake of Siddique's previous Malayalam film Bodyguard. It features Rajkiran Mithra Kurian Roja and Vadivelu in supporting roles with musical score composed by Vidyasagar. The film's principal shoot commenced in April 2010 and was completed by November 2010.
 Duplicate is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Shibu Prabhakar and produced by Sajai Sebastian and Joji K. John under the banner of Zion International Film Factory with Suraj Venjaramoodu in the lead role. This is Suraj's first movie as a hero and he handles a double role in the movie.
 The Texican is a 1966 film produced and written by John C. Champion and directed by Lesley Selander. It is a paella western remake of their 1948 film Panhandle adapted for the persona of Audie Murphy that featured Broderick Crawford as the heavy. The film was retitled Ringo il Texano in Italy to conicide with the popularity of the Ringo spaghetti western film series.
 Little Pal is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood and starring Mary Pickford. The film was produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Typhon sur Nagasaki (English: Typhoon Over Nagasaki) is a French drama romance film from 1957 directed by Yves Ciampi written by Jean-Charles Tacchella starring Jean Marais. The film was known under the title Typhoon Over Nagasaki (international English title).
 Gridlock'd is a 1997 crime thriller comedy-drama starring Tupac Shakur Tim Roth and Thandie Newton. It was the directorial debut of Vondie Curtis-Hall who also wrote the story and screenplay and had a small part in the film. The film's opening was relatively low despite critical acclaim; its opening weekend netted only $2678372 and it finished with a little over $5.5 million. The film paid tribute to star Tupac Shakur who had been murdered four months prior to the film's release.
 Het Woeden der Gehele Wereld is a 2006 Dutch film based on the novel of the same name by Maarten 't Hart. It was directed by Guido Pieters and produced by Rob Houwer. The title translates as The fury/rage/raging of the whole world and is derived from a song with lyrics by René-François Sully-Prudhomme set to music by Gabriel Fauré.
 Huwen op Bevel (also known as Terpaksa Menikah both meaning Forced to Marry) is a 1931 romance film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). Directed by G. Krugers and likely produced by Tan's Film it follows two young lovers who are nearly separated but can ultimately be together. A critical flop it was Krugers's last as a director. It is likely lost.
 Good Burger is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell. The film evolved from the comedy sketch Good Burger featured on the Nickelodeon series All That. The film was produced by Tollin/Robbins Productions and Nickelodeon Movies and released on July 25 1997 by Paramount Pictures.
 Soccer's Hard Men is a 1992 football video by Video Vision presented by then-footballer and current actor Vinnie Jones. The video featured footage of British players (some still playing at the time and others who had by then retired) known for their ferocity including Graeme Souness Bryan Robson Nobby Stiles Norman Hunter Jack Charlton Steve McMahon Tommy Smith Peter Storey Ron Chopper Harris and Billy Bremner.
 Naran (Malayalam: നരന്‍ English: The Man) is a 2005 Malayalam film written by Ranjan Pramod and directed by Joshi. The film tells the story of Mullankolli Velayudhan (Mohanlal) a homeless ruffian with a good heart.It was one of the Onam releases in 2005.
 La Boum (English title: The Party or Ready for Love) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Sophie Marceau appearing in her film début. Written by Danièle Thompson and Claude Pinoteau the film is about a thirteen-year-old French girl finding her way at a new high school and coping with domestic problems. The film was an international box-office hit earning 4378500 admissions in France.
 September 12 (Turkish: 12 Eylül) is a 2010 German-Turkish documentary film written produced and directed by Özlem Sulak which documents the accounts of survivors of the 1980 Turkish coup d'état. The film was selected for the 16th Festival on Wheels and the 63rd Locarno International Film Festival where it premiered.
 The Scarlet Empress is a 1934 historical drama film made by Paramount Pictures about the life of Catherine the Great. It was directed and produced by Josef von Sternberg from a screenplay by Eleanor McGeary loosely based on the diary of Catherine arranged by Manuel Komroff. Substantial historical liberties are taken.The film stars von Sternberg's lover Marlene Dietrich as Catherine supported by John Davis Lodge Sam Jaffe Louise Dresser and C. Aubrey Smith.
 The Terrorist (Hangul: 테러리스트; RR: Teleoliseuteu) is a 1995 South Korean film directed by Kim Young-bin starring Choi Min-soo as the younger brother of a police officer who becomes involved with gangsters. It became a box office hit and earned Choi Min-soo an award for best actor.
 Winter Light (Swedish: Nattvardsgästerna literally The Communicants) is a 1962 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bergman regulars Gunnar Björnstrand Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow. The film follows Tomas Ericsson (Björnstrand) pastor of a small rural Swedish church as he deals with existential crisis and his Christianity.Bergman cited Winter Light as his favorite among his films.
 Dark Skies is a 2013 American science fiction horror film written and directed by Scott Stewart and produced by Jason Blum starring Keri Russell Josh Hamilton and Dakota Goyo. The film was released on February 22 2013.
 Drugstore Cowboy is a 1989 American crime drama film directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Van Sant and Daniel Yost based on an autobiographical novel by James Fogle. Matt Dillon stars in the title role and Kelly Lynch Heather Graham and William S. Burroughs are also featured. It was Van Sant's breakthrough picture.At the time the film was made the source novel by Fogle was unpublished. It was later published in 1990 by which time Fogle had been released from prison.
 The Honeymoon Killers is a 1969 American crime film written and directed by Leonard Kastle and starring Shirley Stoler Tony Lo Bianco and Doris Roberts. It tells the story of Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez the notorious lonely hearts killers of the 1940s.
 La Virgencita de Pompeya is a 1935 Argentine musical film drama directed by Enrique Cadícamo and written by Enrique Pedro Maroni. It is a tango film and premiered on 14 March 1935 in Buenos Aires.
 James Tont operazione D.U.E. or The Wacky World of James Tont is an 1966 Italian spy film spoof based on James Bond's Thunderball directed by Bruno Corbucci. It is the sequel to James Tont operazione U.N.O. (1965).
 Nightmare in Wax is a 1969 horror film. Cameron Mitchell plays Vince Rinaud a former film special effects artist who is disfigured by Max Block the head of Paragon Pictures and also a rival for the affections of a woman (Anne Helm). Leaving the film industry Vince becomes a recluse and opens a wax museum. Within a few months four popular Paragon stars disappear. Wax figures of the missing stars soon feature as wax models in the museum and the police become suspicious.
 Mulaqaat is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and produced by Shanoo Mehra. It stars Jackie Shroff and Madhoo in pivotal roles.
 The Next of Kin also known as Next of Kin is a 1942 World War II propaganda film produced by Ealing Studios.The film was originally commissioned by the British War Office as a training film to promote the government propaganda message that Careless talk costs lives.
 Richard Pryor: The Funniest Man Dead Or Alive is a 2005 television documentary film aired by the television network BET on the life and influence of Richard Pryor. The thirty minute special featured commentary from a wide range of actors comedians musicians politicians and Pryor's own family members the special aired just 9 days after his death.
 The Cheetah Girls is a musical comedy trilogy series produced by Debra Martin Chase and Co Producer Cheryl Hill. Actresses like Raven-Symoné Adrienne Bailon Sabrina Bryan Kiely Williams and Lynn Whitfield are featured in the films. Besides The Cheetah Girls which was set in New York City each of the other films have been set in a foreign country: The Cheetah Girls 2 in Barcelona Spain The Cheetah Girls: One World in New Delhi India.
 Fatal Move (traditional Chinese: 奪帥; simplified Chinese: 夺帅 released in the United States as Triad Wars) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written produced and directed by Dennis S.Y. Law and starring Sammo Hung Simon Yam and Wu Jing who reunite after 2005's SPL: Sha Po Lang.The film focuses on a Triad gang led by brothers Lin Ho-Lung and Lin Ho-Tung (Hung and Yam) which faces a series of double crossings and violent misfortunes.
 Thodu Dongalu is a 1981 Telugu film directed by K. Vasu. The film stars Krishna Ghattamaneni Chiranjeevi Madhumalini Geetha and Rao Gopal Rao in important roles.
 Badge of the Assassin is a 1985 television film starring James Woods Yaphet Kotto and Alex Rocco. It was directed by Mel Damski. The film first aired on the Columbia Broadcasting System network on November 2 1985. The film's production company was Blatt-Singer Productions.
 Mayura (Kannada: ಮಯೂರ) is a 1975 Kannada historical drama film directed by Vijay. It is one of the most popular films of acclaimed Kannada actor Rajkumar who plays the role of Prince Mayurasharma of the Kadamba dynasty the earliest native kingdom to rule over what is today the modern state of Karnataka.
 Leo the Last is a 1970 British drama film directed by John Boorman based on the play The Prince by George Tabori starring Marcello Mastroianni and Billie Whitelaw.
 Saas bahu aur Sensex is a Bollywood film which released 19 September 2008 directed by Shona Urvashi.
 The Sky's the Limit is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Jack Buchanan and Lee Garmes and starring Buchanan Mara Loseff and William Kendall.
 American Cyborg Steel Warrior is a 1994 Sci-Fi/Action film directed by Boaz Davidson and released by Global Pictures. John Ryan plays the Android assassin in the future to kill Mary a woman who was able to give life to a fetus played by Nicole Hansen. Joe Lara plays Austin a mercenary who is actually a cyborg but vows to protect Mary.
 The Destiny is a Bhutanese Dzongkha language film written by Tshewang Rinzin and directed by Kezang P Jigme. This film was released on August 9 2010.
 A Man's Way is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester.
 Reform School Girl is a 1957 film starring Gloria Castillo as a teenage girl who is sent to a reformatory. The film was directed by Edward Bernds and was produced by Samuel Z. Arkoff. Reform School Girl was one of many sexploitation films released by American International Pictures (AIP) during the 1950s and 1960s. AIP’s films during this period were largely focused on juvenile delinquency.
 Alphabet City is a 1984 crime drama film directed by Amos Poe. The story follows a young gangster of Italian descent named Johnny who has been given control over his own neighborhood by the Mob. Then unknown actors Vincent Spano (as Johnny) Jami Gertz and Michael Winslow give compelling performances in this low-budget crime/drama/thriller. Acclaimed film and stage actress Zohra Lampert plays Johnny's mother. The film is set in Alphabet City a part of the East Village in New York City.
 Alma mía (English language:My Soul) is a 1999 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Barone and written by Jorge Leyes. The film starred Araceli González as Alma.
 Matichya Chuli is a Marathi movie released on 10 April 2006. The film was produced by Ashwami Manjrekar and directed by Atul Kale and Sudesh V. Manjerekar. The movie is a humorous portrayal of the archetypal relationship between a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.
 Jesus is a Palestinian (Dutch: Jezus is een Palestijn) is a 1999 Dutch comedy written and directed by Lodewijk Crijns (1970). The parody on religious fanaticism and millennialism which involves the topics of self mutilation incest and euthanasia is the director's first full-length movie. It premiered at the 1999 International Film Festival Rotterdam.
 La Playa DC is a 2012 Colombian-French-Brazilian drama film written and directed by Juan Andrés Arango. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Olsenbanden tar gull is a 1972 Norwegian comedy-crime film of the Olsen Gang film series directed by Knut Bohwim.
 Dos quijotes sobre ruedas is a 1966 Argentine film. It won many awards.
 The Distant Home is an Australian TV movie about a couple who discover their daughter is an alien.
 Without Love is a 1942 play by Philip Barry later made into a 1945 romantic comedy film starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn. The film was directed by Harold S. Bucquet from a screenplay by Donald Ogden Stewart based on the Barry play.
 Nord-sud.com is a 2007 documentary film.
 The Man with the Golden Gun (1974) is the ninth spy film in the James Bond series and the second to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. A loose adaptation of Ian Fleming's novel of same name the film has Bond sent after the Solex Agitator a device that can harness the power of the sun while facing the assassin Francisco Scaramanga the Man with the Golden Gun.
 The Fraternity (also known as The Circle) is a Canadian thriller film about a circle of friends that create an elite club while at the Runcie High School and cheat on an exam. The subsequent pressure on the administration for someone in the circle to be a rat and finding one of the students dead prompts one of their members to search for the truth. The film is rated PG-13. The film was primarily shot at Bishop Ridley College in St.
 Miracle on 34th Street (in the United Kingdom first released as The Big Heart) is a 1947 Christmas film written and directed by George Seaton and based on a story by Valentine Davies. It stars Maureen O'Hara John Payne Natalie Wood and Edmund Gwenn. The story takes place between Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day in New York City and focuses on the impact of a department store Santa Claus who claims to be the real Santa.
 24 Hours (24 sata) is a Croatian anthology film released in 2002. The film is made up of two segments Sigurna kuća directed by Kristijan Milić and Ravno do dna directed by Goran Kulenović.
 Bloody Sunday is a 2002 film about the 1972 Bloody Sunday shootings in Derry Northern Ireland. Although produced by Granada Television as a TV film it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on 16 January a few days before its screening on ITV on 20 January and then in selected London cinemas from 25 January. The production was written and directed by Paul Greengrass. Though set in Derry city the film was actually shot in Ballymun in North Dublin.
 Salome Where She Danced is a 1945 American romance film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Yvonne De Carlo Rod Cameron and Walter Slezak. The film follows the adventures of a dancer in nineteenth-century Europe and the United States. It is loosely based on the story of Lola Montez.
 Handle with Care is a 1985 Australian TV movie about two women with breast cancer.
 Max Payne is a 2008 American neo-noir action film loosely based on the 2001 video game of the same name by Remedy Entertainment. It was written by Beau Thorne and directed by John Moore. The film stars Mark Wahlberg in the title role as Max Payne Mila Kunis as Mona Sax Chris 'Ludacris' Bridges as Jim Bravura and Beau Bridges as BB Hensley.
 Mrityudand (The Death Sentence) is an Indian Hindi drama film released in 1997. It was directed and produced by Prakash Jha and stars Madhuri Dixit Shabana Azmi Ayub Khan Mohan Agashe and Om Puri. The film is a commentary on social and gender injustice. As in his other movies filmmaker Prakash Jha has focussed on the social problems that plague his native state of Bihar India and like his other movies this one straddles the boundary between art film and commercial film.
 Alatriste is a 2006 Spanish historical film directed by Agustín Díaz Yanes based on the main character of a series of novels written by Arturo Pérez-Reverte The Adventures of Captain Alatriste (Las aventuras del Capitán Alatriste).The film which stars Viggo Mortensen is the second most expensive Spanish language film ever made in Spain (about €24 million – US$30 million); only preceded by Agora. It portrays Spain of the 17th century using both fictional and real characters.
 Chasing a Dream (working title Miles From Nowhere) is a made-for-television movie. Filmed in the Ventura County area of California the movie premiered on Hallmark Channel on April 25 2009 and stars Andrew Lawrence and Treat Williams.Most of the school scenes were filmed at John F. Kennedy High School in Granada Hills California. The logos mascot (Golden Cougars) uniforms and signage were all the official items for the school.
 For Love Only for Love (Italian: Per amore solo per amore) is a 1993 Italian historical drama film directed by Giovanni Veronesi and starring Diego Abatantuono Penélope Cruz and Alessandro Haber. It depicts the nativity of Mary.
 Indiscretions of Betty is a 1910 American short silent comedy film released by the Vitagraph Company of America. The film features the first known screen appearance of Mabel Normand. The film's status is currently unknown.
 Miss Firecracker is a 1989 comedy film directed by Thomas Schlamme. It stars Holly Hunter Mary Steenburgen Tim Robbins Alfre Woodard and Scott Glenn. The film set in Yazoo City Mississippi was written by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Beth Henley and is based on her 1984 play The Miss Firecracker Contest.
 American Splendor is a 2003 American biographical comedy-drama film about Harvey Pekar the author of the American Splendor comic book series. The film is also in part an adaptation of the comics which dramatize Pekar's life. The film was written and directed by documentarians Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini who share writing credit with Pekar and his wife Joyce Brabner.The film stars Paul Giamatti as Pekar and Hope Davis as Brabner.
 Wilby Wonderful is a 2004 film by Daniel MacIvor. The film is a comedic drama about 24 hours in the life of the small town of Wilby where the municipal festival is in preparation. It focuses on the changes occurring in the lives of several different inhabitants as development comes to the island and threatens to change the world around them.
 Nubes de humo is a 1958 Argentine film.
 El hombre que debía una muerte (English: The Man Who Owed a Death) is a 1955 Argentine crime film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Amelia Bence and Carlos Cores.
 Jorge Mautner - O Filho do Holocausto is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Pedro Bial and Heitor D’Alincourt.The film follows the birth of Jorge Mautner up to his 17 years. He was born in Brazil shortly after his parents fled the Holocaust. Raised by a nanny who introduced him to Candomblé Mautner became a precursor of the Tropicália contributing to the construction of the identity of Brazilian music.
 The Off-Shore Pirate is a 1921 American silent comedy romance film produced and released by Metro Pictures and directed by Dallas Fitzgerald. The film was based on a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald of no relation to the director that was published in The Saturday Evening Post. Viola Dana and Jack Mulhall star in the film. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 Chinese Roulette (German: Chinesisches Roulette) is a 1976 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. It stars Margit Carstensen Ulli Lommel and Anna Karina. The film a bleak psychological drama climaxes with a truth-guessing game which gives the film its title. The plot follows a bourgeois married couple whose infidelities are exposed by their disabled child.
 Agni Pareeksha is a 1981 Bollywood film produced by B.R. Chopra and directed by Kamal Majumdar.
 Colours is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Raj Babu. The movie features Dileep Roma and Bhama in the lead roles.
 The Rock Star and the Mullahs is a 2003 documentary film directed by Ruhi Hamid and Angus MacQueen and by producer Pamela Friedman. The film follows the journey of the biggest Southeast Asian rock music band Junoon and regarding music in Islam. The film won the Outstanding story on South Asia - Broadcast award at the South Asian Journalists Association Awards. On July 17 2003 the documentary was aired by BBC on the television programme Wide Angel based upon Junoon and music in Islam.
 Lady Godiva Rides Again released in the United States as Bikini Baby is a 1951 British comedy film starring Pauline Stroud about a small-town English girl who wins a beauty contest and heads for greater fame after appearing as Lady Godiva in a pageant. The film is most notable for the presence of actresses who were later to become famous. Diana Dors who appears as a beauty queen was later marketed as the film's star.
 On Board (Turkish: Gemide) is a 1998 Turkish drama film written and directed by Serdar Akar about four sailors who kidnap a prostitute. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 4 1998 (1998-12-04) won awards at film festivals in Ankara and Antalya including the Golden Orange for Second Best Film.
 À nos amours (French pronunciation: ​[a noz‿amuʁ] For Our Loves) is a 1983 French film directed by Maurice Pialat written by Arlette Langmann and Pialat.
 Two Sisters from Boston is a 1946 musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster. Starring Kathryn Grayson June Allyson Lauritz Melchior Jimmy Durante and Peter Lawford.
 Sonia is a 1921 silent British drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Evelyn Brent based on the novel by Stephen McKenna. The film is considered to be lost.
 Phua Chu Kang The Movie is a Malaysian-Singaporean comedy film. The film was released in Singapore on 12 August 2010 and Malaysia on 26 August 2010.
 Shallow Hal is a 2001 romantic comedy film starring Gwyneth Paltrow Jack Black and Jason Alexander. It was directed by the Farrelly brothers and filmed in and around Charlotte North Carolina as well as Sterling and Princeton Massachusetts at Wachusett Mountain.
 Thacholi Othenan is a 1964 Malayalam language film. The film is about the story of Thacholi Othenan. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
 Carny also known as Jersey Devil in Australia is a 2009 Canadian television horror film by Syfy and the 22 film in the Maneater Series. The film was directed by Sheldon Wilson and stars Lou Diamond Phillips.
 Kaamchor (Idler) is a 1982 Hindi movie. Produced by Rakesh Roshan the film is directed by K. Viswanath a remake of his Telugu film Subhodayam (1980). The film stars Rakesh Roshan Jaya Prada Tanuja Sujit Kumar Suresh Oberoi Shreeram Lagoo and Bhagwan Dada. The films music is by the producer and lead actors brother- Rajesh Roshan.The film became a hit along with the film's songs.Rakesh Roshan's nephew in the film is played by a young Sonu Nigam who is now a popular singer.
 Dust & Illusions is a 2009 documentary film about Burning Man and its founders. The film has been featured at several film festivals and was shown at the San Francisco DocFest at The Roxie in San Francisco in October 2009.From the 1970s into the origins of the Burning Man festival until today the documentary film Dust & Illusions explores the evolution of the now largest counter-cultural event in North America.
 Azhakulla Saleena (Malayalam: അഴകുള്ള സെലീന) is a 1973 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and written by Thoppil Bhasi based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey. It stars Prem Nazir Bahadoor Vincent Sankaradi S. P. Pillai Ramadas Kanchana Jayabharathi K. P. A. C. Lalitha Sreelatha Namboothiri T. R. Omana Pala Thankam Vanchiyoor Radha and Baby Sumathi. The film is best known for the performance by Prem Nazir.
 The Rothschilds (originally Die Rothschilds) is a 1940 German film directed by Erich Waschneck.The film is also known as The Rothschilds' Shares in Waterloo (International recut version English title).
 Next Summer (French: L'été prochain) is a 1985 French drama film directed by Nadine Trintignant.
 The Black Sheep of Whitehall is a 1942 British black-and-white comedy war film directed by Will Hay and Basil Dearden and; starring Will Hay as Professor Will Davis John Mills and Basil Sydney. It was produced by Michael Balcon and Ealing Studios.
 For the 1958 song see Joni James. For the 1994 country song see The Mavericks discography.There Goes My Heart is a 1938 romantic comedy film starring Virginia Bruce as a wealthy heiress who goes to work under an alias at a department store owned by her grandfather. Fredric March plays the reporter who tracks her down. The film is based on a story by Ed Sullivan better known for his long-running television show. The film was nominated for a Best Score Oscar for Marvin Hatley.
 Roméo et Juliette (Romeo and Juliet in English) is a 2006 Canadian film made in Quebec directed by Yves Desgagnés. It stars Thomas Lalonde as Roméo Charlotte Aubin as Juliette and Jeanne Moreau as Laurence. The movie has altered and modernized the Shakespeare play except for the last line.
 Kandagar (Russian: Кандагар; also known as Kandahar) is a Russian film detailing the escape of a Russian crew from Afghanistan Taliban fighters on August 16 1996. The film stars some of Russia’s most famous actors Vladimir Mashkov Andrei Panin and Alexander Baluyev. The movie is based on the Russian pilot's Vladimir Sharpatov diary. The film was released in Russia on April 4 2010.
 Superman Classic is a 2011 animated fan film made by Robb Pratt.
 Io ho paura (internationally released as I Am Afraid) is a 1977 Italian crime-drama film directed by Damiano Damiani. It premiered at the 1977 Taormina Film Fest.
 Super Capers is a 2009 action comedy film and a parody of superhero movies written and directed by Ray Griggs who also starred as one of the misfit superheros.
 La Perversa (The Wicked) is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Return of Billy Jack (1986) is the unfinished fifth and final film in the Billy Jack movie series. The film starred Tom Laughlin (who also directed) reprising his role as Billy Jack and co-starred Rodney Harvey and Delores Taylor. The film was produced from December 1985 to early 1986 in New York City (with some scenes filmed in Central Park) with additional scenes filmed in Toronto.
 Ukiyoe Cruel Story (浮世絵残酷物語 Ukiyoe Zankoku Monogatari) is a 1968 Japanese Pink film directed by the Father of Pink Tetsuji Takechi and starring the current Queen of Pink Noriko Tatsumi.
 Le ménage moderne du Madame Butterfly is a bisexual hardcore pornographic film from France. It is notable for being the earliest known adult film to incorporate bisexual and homosexual intercourse.
 Annai Kaligambal is a 2003 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan. The film featured Ramya Krishnan in the title role alongside Anu Prabhakar and Livingston while Jayanthi plays a supporting role. The film which had music composed by Deva released in January 2003. The film was simultaneously made in Kannada as Sri Kalikamba with Vinod Alva replacing Livingston and Tennis Krishna replacing Venniradai Moorthy. The film was dubbed in Hindi as Maa Durga Divya Haathi.
 The Little Damozel is a 1933 British romance film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle James Rennie and Benita Hume. A Captain pays one of his sailors to marry a woman who works in a nightclub.
 Scalawag is a 1973 film directed by Kirk Douglas his first of two films directed the other being Posse.
 Savages is a 1974 American TV film directed by Lee H. Katzin and based on the novel Deathwatch by Robb White. It stars Andy Griffith and Sam Bottoms.
 Love Marilyn is a 2012 American documentary film about Marilyn Monroe's writings produced by Stanley F. Buchthal Liz Garbus Amy Hobby and directed by Garbus. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 12 2012 and is based on the 2010 non-fiction book Fragments: Poems Intimate Notes Letters edited by Stanley F. Buchthal and Bernard Comment.
 The War of the Gargantuas released in Japan as Frankenstein's Monsters: Sanda versus Gaira (フランケンシュタインの怪獣 サンダ対ガイラ Furankenshutain no Kaijū: Sanda tai Gaira) is a 1966 science fiction kaiju film. The film was co-produced between the Japanese company Toho and Henry G. Saperstein's American company UPA. The film was a sequel to Frankenstein Conquers the World and was the second of two films featuring giant Frankenstein monsters that Sapertstein's company co-produced with Toho.
 Agni Pariksha is a 2006 Bengali film directed by Rabi Kinagi and produced by Debendra Kuchar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Priyanka Trivedi Paoli Dam Dulal Lahiri Raj Rajjak and Anuradha Ray in the lead roles. Music of the film was composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 Play'd: A Hip Hop Story is 2002 television drama film starring Rashaan Nall Faizon Love Toni Braxton and Merlin Santana (who would later be shot and killed five months later after the film's release). The film was directed by Oz Scott
 The Taking of Power by Louis XIV (French: La prise de pouvoir par Louis XIV) also called The Rise of Louis XIV is a French television film by Italian film director Roberto Rossellini. The film revolves around the French king Louis XIV's rise to power after the death of his powerful advisor Cardinal Mazarin. To achieve this political autonomy Louis deals with his mother and the court nobles all of whom assumed that Mazarin's death would give them all more power.
 Ferie d'agosto (also known as August Vacation and Summer Holidays) is a 1995 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Paolo Virzì.The film was awarded with the David di Donatello for Best Film.
 Warm Bodies is a 2013 American paranormal romantic zombie comedy film based on Isaac Marion's novel of the same name. Directed and written by Jonathan Levine the film stars Nicholas Hoult Teresa Palmer Analeigh Tipton and John Malkovich.The film focuses on the development of the relationship between Julie (Palmer) a young woman and R (Hoult) a zombie and how their eventual romance develops throughout.
 Just William's Luck is a 1947 British comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring William Graham Garry Marsh and Jane Welsh. The film was based on the Just William series of books by Richmal Crompton. Crompton was impressed with the film and wrote a novel Just William's Luck based on the events of the film. The following year a second film William Comes to Town was made.
 Iskandar is a 2003 Malaysian film directed by V. Nagaraj.
 Evangeline is a 1919 silent film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Raoul Walsh. The star of the film was Walsh's wife at the time Miriam Cooper in the oft filmed story based on a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. Filmed previously in 1908 1911 and 1914. Currently the film is considered to be a lost film.
 Wild Blood (Sanguepazzo) is an Italian film directed in 2008 by Marco Tullio Giordana.
 Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (originally Terror! Il castello delle donne maledette) is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Dick Randall that is Loosely based on the Mary Shelley novel Frankenstein.The film is also known as Dr. Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (American video title) Frankenstein's Castle (British video title) Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks (American dubbed version) Monsters of Frankenstein Terror Terror Castle The House of Freaks and The Monsters of Dr. Frankenstein.
 This article is about the 1920 film. For the 1925 musical revue see On With the Dance (musical). For the 1975 Upstairs Downstairs episode see On With the Dance. On with the Dance is 1920 American silent costume drama directed by George Fitzmaurice starring Mae Murray and David Powell and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Bhagavan (English: The God) is a 2009 Malayalam film by Prashanth Mambully starring Mohanlal and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy. The film became famous because the entire film was shot in 19 hours. The film gives a message against terrorism. The story is about Dr. Balagopal who fights against a terrorist group who invaded the hospital between 9.00am and 11.00am.The film was shot simultaneously at six different locations. Seven cameras were used to film the movie.
 The Paliser Case was a 1920 American silent mystery drama film produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. Directed by William Parke the film stars Pauline Frederick Albert Roscoe and James Neil. The film is now considered lost.
 Bird of Paradise is a 1951 drama film directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Debra Paget and Louis Jourdan.
 Kidulthood (rendered as KiDULTHOOD) is a 2006 British drama film about the life of several teenagers in Ladbroke Grove and Latimer Road area of inner west London. It was directed by Menhaj Huda and written by Noel Clarke who also stars in the film and directed the sequel Adulthood. The majority of the characters in the film generally behave in a violent and lawless manner.
 The Petal on the Current is a 1919 American drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 Unfaithful (French: Infidèles) is a 2009 experimental film written and directed by Claude Pérès.
 Muzzy in Gondoland (often shortened to simply Muzzy) is an animated film first created by the BBC in 1986 as a way of teaching English as a second language. The English version of Muzzy features the voices of Willie Rushton Miriam Margolyes Susan Sheridan Derek Griffiths Jack May and Benjamin Whitrow. DMP Organization later acquired the rights to Muzzy and translated into other languages (see below).
 Le Carnaval des vérités is a 1920 French silent film written and directed by Marcel L'Herbier.
 The Hearse is a 1980 horror movie starring Trish Van Devere and Joseph Cotten.
 Broos is a 1997 Dutch film directed by Mijke de Jong.
 Karmic Mahjong (simplified Chinese: 血战到底; traditional Chinese: 血戰到底; pinyin: xùe zhàn dào dǐ) is a 2006 Chinese comedy film directed by Wang Guangli. It stars Francis Ng as a mechanic from Chengdu plagued by bad luck and Cherrie Ying as a young woman who appears to share the same affliction. The film also features cameos by the prominent Chinese directors Wang Xiaoshuai and Jia Zhangke.
 L'as des as (The Ace of Aces; alternate English title: The Super Ace) is a 1982 French-German comedy film starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and directed by Gérard Oury.
 Between Evening and Morning (German:Zwischen Abend und Morgen) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Werner Krauss Agnes Straub and Elga Brink.
 I Spit on Your Grave is a 2010 American rape and revenge horror film and a remake of the controversial 1978 cult film Day of the Woman (better known by its re-release title I Spit on Your Grave). It was directed by Steven R. Monroe and stars Sarah Butler Chad Lindberg Daniel Franzese Rodney Eastman Jeff Branson and Andrew Howard.
 Passenger is a 2009 thriller film written and directed by debutant Ranjith Sankar and starring Sreenivasan Dileep Mamta Mohandas Jagathy Sreekumar and Nedumudi Venu in major roles. It was well appreciated for its novelty and was declared as a hit. Owing to its critical and commercial success Passenger is being remade into Tamil as Muriyadi.
 The Spiral Staircase is a 1946 American psychological thriller film directed by Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Mel Dinelli based on Ethel Lina White's novel Some Must Watch (1933). The novel was adapted for a radio production starring Helen Hayes before reaching the screen.
 Belle de Jour (pronounced: [bɛl də ʒuʁ]) is a 1967 French drama film directed by Luis Buñuel and starring Catherine Deneuve Jean Sorel and Michel Piccoli. Based on the 1928 novel Belle de jour by Joseph Kessel the film is about a young woman who is compelled to spend her midweek afternoons as a prostitute while her husband is at work.The title of the film is a pun in French. The phrase belle de nuit is best translated by the English phrase lady of the night i.e. a prostitute.
 Tess of the Storm Country is a 1922 melodrama starring Mary Pickford directed by John S. Robertson and based upon a Grace Miller White novel. It is a remake of Pickford's film from eight years prior and was subsequently remade a decade later as a sound version starring Janet Gaynor.
 Robert Blecker Wants Me Dead is an independent documentary film about retributivist death penalty advocate Robert Blecker and his relationship with Daryl Holton a death row inmate who murdered his four children. The film was directed by Ted Schillinger and produced by Bruce David Klein.The film was completed in November 2007 and made its world premiere on April 25 2008 at the USA Film Festival in Dallas Texas as an official selection of the festival.
 Akasa Veedhilo is a 2001 Telugu drama film written and directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna Rajendra Prasad Raveena Tandon and Kasthuri with music by M.M. Keeravani.
 She Married for Love is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Dead Man's Letters (Russian: Письма мёртвого человека translit. Pisma myortvogo cheloveka) also known as Letters from a Dead Man is a 1986 Soviet science fiction film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky and produced by Lenfilm studios.
 Piñero is a 2001 biopic about the troubled life of Nuyorican poet and playwright Miguel Piñero starring Benjamin Bratt as the titular character. It was written and directed by the Cuban filmmaker Leon Ichaso. It premiered at the Montreal Film Festival on 31 August 2001. It then received a limited theatrical release in the United States on 13 December 2001.
 Pope John Paul II is a 1984 American biopic drama TV movie based on the life of Karol Wojtyła from his early days as an activist in Poland to his installation as Pope John Paul II. Written by Christopher Knopf and directed by Herbert Wise the film stars Albert Finney Caroline Bliss Brian Cox and John Forgeham. The film marks both Albert Finney's American television debut and the first script Finney had ever turned down upon initial reading.
 Inspector Gadget is a 1999 live-action action-comedy film loosely based on the 1983 animated cartoon series of the same name. It starred Matthew Broderick as the title character along with Rupert Everett as Dr. Claw Michelle Trachtenberg as Penny and Dabney Coleman as Chief Quimby. Two new characters were introduced Brenda Bradford (played by Joely Fisher) and the Gadgetmobile (voiced by D. L. Hughley). The film tells the story of how Inspector Gadget and Dr.
 The Shattered Illusion is a 1928 Australian silent film about a rich financier who is shipwrecked. Unlike many Australian silent films a copy of it exists today.
 Gasbags is a 1941 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and Marcel Varnel and starring The Crazy Gang.
 Ethir Neechal is a 1968 Tamil language drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Nagesh Jayanthi Sowcar Janaki R. Muthuraman Sundarrajan S. N. Lakshmi and Sreekanth. The film was remade in Hindi as Lakhon Mein Ek with Mahmood.
 Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu (English: My Heart's Gone Somewhere) is a 2012 Indian Telugu romance film written and directed by Gautham Menon featuring Nani and Samantha in the lead roles. The film featuring film score and soundtrack composed by Ilaiyaraaja and cinematography by M. S. Prabhu was simultaneously shot in Tamil as Neethaane En Ponvasantham with actor Jiiva.
 Napoli Napoli Napoli is a 2009 documentary film directed by Abel Ferrara about the problems in early 21st century Naples. Napoli Napoli Napoli depicts the city of Naples filmed as a documentary with interspersed episodes of fiction.
 Spirit Lost is a 1997 film directed by Neema Barnette. It stars James Avery and Yvonne Brisendine.
 Iceman formerly known as The Iceman Cometh is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese 3D martial arts action-comedy film directed by Law Wing-cheung and starring Donnie Yen who also serves as the film's action director. The film is a remake of the 1989 film The Iceman Cometh which was directed by Clarence Fok and starred Yuen Biao who was earlier reported to join the film. Donnie Yen hand-picked Jam Hsiao for his unique voice and deep emotions to sing the mandarin theme song.
 Dil Ne Jise Apna Kahaa (Hindi: दिल ने जिसे अपना कहा Urdu: دل نے جسے اپنا کہا English: The One Who My Heart Longs For) is a 2004 Bollywood film directed by Atul Agnihotri. The film was Agnihotri's first film as a director. The film stars Salman Khan Preity Zinta Bhoomika Chawla Delnaaz Paul Riya Sen and Helen. It is a remake of an English Movie Return to Me (2000)Starring David Duchovny Minnie Driver.
 L.A. Takedown is a crime/thriller made for TV movie that aired on NBC on August 27 1989 at 9 pm. It was written and directed by Michael Mann and its ensemble cast includes Scott Plank Alex McArthur Michael Rooker Daniel Baldwin and Xander Berkeley. Takedown starred Plank as Det. Vincent Hanna and McArthur as Patrick McLaren. It was released on home video as a region 2 DVD.
 A Yank in Ermine is a 1955 British comedy film starring Peter M. Thompson Jon Pertwee and Sid James. An American soldier inherits the Lordship of an English village.
 Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British black-and-white comedy sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat Bobbie Comber as Bivex and Pancho Villa as himself. It was produced by Alexander Film Productions.
 The Voorman Problem is a 2013 short film produced by Honlodge Productions from the United Kingdom in association with Pipedream Pictures (UK). The film was directed by Mark Gill who also co-wrote the screenplay with producer Baldwin Li. The film was adapted from a section of the novel number9dream by David Mitchell. Producer Lee Thomas is also developing the novel into a full length feature film through Pipedream Pictures.
 Nazrana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Thuntata is a 2002 Kannada romantic-comedy film directed by Indrajit Lankesh featuring Anirudh Rekha Vedavyas and Chaya Singh. The film released on 24 May 2002.
 Lighthouse Hill is a 2004 British comedy film directed by David Fairman and starring Jason Flemyng Kirsty Mitchell and Frank Finlay.
 The Coconut Revolution is a 2001 multi-award winning documentary film about the struggle of the indigenous peoples of Bougainville Island. The movement is described as the world's first successful eco-revolution and has drawn parallels with the conflict depicted in the 2009 film Avatar.
 Nai Maa is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Silent Rage is a 1982 romantic/action/science fiction/horror movie starring Chuck Norris and directed by Michael Miller.
 Black Ice (Finnish: Musta jää) is a 2007 Finnish drama film written and directed by Petri Kotwica.
 Last Hour is a straight-to-DVD 2008 movie starring DMX Michael Madsen David Carradine and Paul Sorvino.
 Babul (Hindi: बाबुल Urdu: بابُل) or (Father's House) is a 1950 Bollywood film directed by S.U. Sunny produced and with music direction by Naushad. The film stars Dilip Kumar Munawar Sultana and Nargis. A box-office success the film became the second highest earning film of 1950 earning an approximate gross of Rs. 12500000 and a nett gross of Rs. 7000000.
 How to Stuff a Wild Bikini is a 1965 Pathécolor beach party film from American International Pictures. The sixth entry in a seven-film series the movie features Mickey Rooney Annette Funicello Dwayne Hickman Brian Donlevy and Beverly Adams. The film features brief uncredited appearances by Frankie Avalon and includes Buster Keaton in one of his last roles.
 Seelabathi is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by R. Sarath starring Kavya Madhavan and Narain in the lead roles. The film according to the director is for all those girls who have been reported missing from several parts of the State. The film opened on 12 December to critical acclaim.
 Anguish (Spanish: Angustia) is a 1987 Spanish-produced horror film starring Zelda Rubinstein Michael Lerner Talia Paul Angel Jove and Clara Pastor.
 The Last Fort (German:Das letzte Fort) is a 1928 German silent war film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Rolla Norman Maria Paudler and Albert Steinrück.
 Galiyon Ka Badshah (Translation: King of the Lanes) is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sher Jung Singh starring Raaj Kumar Mithun Chakraborty Hema Malini Smita Patil Poonam Dhillon Amrita Singh Danny Denzongpa Iftekhar and Om Shivpuri.
 For the Time magazine newsreel series 1935-1951 see The March of Time.The March of Time is the title of an unfinished 1930 American musical film directed by Charles Reisner. The film was originally scheduled to be released in September 1930 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer but was shelved by MGM. The March of Time would have been one of the first musicals partially filmed in two-color Technicolor.
 Parallel Sons is a 1995 gay-themed drama film written and directed by John G. Young and starring Gabriel Mann and Laurence Mason. It premiered at the 1995 Sundance Film Festival
 Voltron: The End is a 2011 fan film written and directed by Alex Albrecht starring Timothy Omundson. The 4-minute short film was uploaded on YouTube on October 9 2011.
 Hanover Street is a 1979 British-American wartime romantic film written and directed by Peter Hyams and starring Harrison Ford Lesley-Anne Down and Christopher Plummer.
 Night Train is a 2009 mystery-thriller film produced by Rifkin-Eberts Productions and stars Danny Glover Leelee Sobieski Steve Zahn and Matthias Schweighöfer. It pays homage to a variety of classic suspense films such as Strangers on a Train The Lady Vanishes and The Maltese Falcon though the plot bears only passing resemblance to any of them. The film did not appear in theaters and was released on DVD for US markets in July 2009.
 A Man Like Me (Icelandic: Maður eins og ég (About this sound pronunciation )) is a 2002 romantic comedy about the life of Júlli (Jón Gnarr) a lonely and confused man who is searching for some sense in his life. Surprisingly he meets a young woman from China (Stephanie Che) who changes his life dramatically. He falls in love with her but ruins the relationship because of his insecurity and his previous bad experiences.
 A Mother's Instinct is a 1996 made-for-television drama film directed by Sam Pillsbury and distributed on CBS. It was released on March 13 1996 in the U.S. and August 18 2000 in the U.K. It was filmed in Wilmington North Carolina.
 War Made Easy: How Presidents & Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death is a 2007 American documentary film. The film is narrated by Sean Penn and is adapted from the book of the same name authored by Norman Solomon
 Love Finds Andy Hardy is a 1938 romantic comedy film which tells the story of a teenage boy who becomes entangled with three different girls all at the same time. It stars Mickey Rooney Lewis Stone Fay Holden Cecilia Parker Judy Garland Lana Turner Ann Rutherford Mary Howard and Gene Reynolds.The screenplay was written by William Ludwig from stories by Vivien R. Bretherton and based upon characters created by Aurania Rouverol. It was directed by George B. Seitz.
 L'insegnante al mare con tutta la classe (The teacher at the beach with the whole class) is a 1980 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.
 In God We Tru$t is a comedy film starring Marty Feldman Andy Kaufman Louise Lasser and Peter Boyle. A biting religious satire it was also produced directed and co-written by Marty Feldman.
 Eyeball (Italian: Gatti rossi in un labirinto di vetro Spanish: El ojo en la oscuridad also known as Wide-Eyed in the Dark The Devil's Eye and The Secret Killer) is a 1975 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.
 The Battle of the Villa Fiorita is a 1965 British drama film based on the novel by Rumer Godden directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Maureen O'Hara and Rossano Brazzi.
 Paradise (also known as Lamb of God) is an American comedy-drama film written and directed by Diablo Cody in her directorial debut. It stars Julianne Hough Russell Brand Octavia Spencer Holly Hunter Iliza Shlesinger and Kathleen Rose Perkins and was released October 18 2013.The title is a take on the fact that while many tourists visit the Las Vegas Strip they are actually spending most of their time in the town of Paradise rather than in the actual city of Las Vegas.
 The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! is a 1988 American comedy film. It is the first in The Naked Gun series of films starring Leslie Nielsen Priscilla Presley George Kennedy and O. J. Simpson.
 The Snapper is a 1993 Irish television film which was directed by Stephen Frears and starred Tina Kellegher Colm Meaney and Brendan Gleeson. The film is based on the novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle about the Rabbitte family and their domestic adventures.
 Amar Shakti is a 1978 Hindi film produced and directed by Harmesh Malhotra. It stars Shashi Kapoor Shatrughan Sinha Sulakshana Pandit and Alka.
 Christmas Cracker (French: Caprice de Noël) is a 1963 animated short about Christmas co-directed by Norman McLaren Gerald Potterton Grant Munro and Jeff Hale. The film consists of three segments: a rendition of Jingle Bells in which cutout animation figures dance a dime-store rodeo of tin toys and a story about decorating the perfect Christmas tree with a Christmas star.
 Aybolit-66 (Russian: Айболит-66) is a 1966 Soviet comedy film for children by Rolan Bykov. It is based on a story by Kornei Chukovsky. The film features Oleg Yefremov as the good Aibolit and Rolan Bykov as the evil Barmalei.
 Pink Flamingos is a 1972 American transgressive black comedy exploitation film written produced composed shot edited and directed by John Waters. When the film was initially released it caused a huge degree of controversy due to the wide range of perverse acts performed in explicit detail. It has since become one of the most notorious films ever made and made an underground star of the flamboyant drag queen actor Divine.
 Wara Wara is a 1930 Bolivian feature film directed by José María Velasco Maidana combining historical drama and romance. The film was described as a superproduction by the press at the time.
 La scuola (also known as School) is a 1995 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It is loosely based on two books by Domenico Starnone Ex Cattedra and Sottobanco.The film was awarded with the David di Donatello for Best Film.
 Mirage (Spanish: Espejismo) is a 1972 Peruvian drama film directed by Armando Robles Godoy. Robles Godoy wrote the screenplay together with Bernardo Batievsky. It is the only Peruvian film to date to be nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
 Lust and Revenge is a 1996 film directed by Paul Cox. It was shot in South Australia.
 Madam Oh is 1965 South Korean drama film directed by Bong-rae Lee.
 Fling internationally titled Lie to Me is an independent film about a couple navigating the hazards of an open relationship. It is the feature directorial debut of director John Stewart Muller and stars Brandon Routh Steve Sandvoss Courtney Ford Nick Wechsler Shoshana Bush and Ellen Hollman.
 Hands Up! (1926) is a silent comedy film directed by Clarence Badger co-written by Monte Brice and Lloyd Corrigan and starring Raymond Griffith one of the great silent movie comedians.
 The Captive: The Longest Drive 2 is a 1976 film directed by Lee H. Katzin. It stars Joaquin Garay III and Tim Matheson.
 Real Genius is a 1985 satirical comedy film directed by Martha Coolidge. The film's screenplay was written by Neal Israel Pat Proft and Peter Torokvei. It stars Val Kilmer and Gabriel Jarret.The film is set on the campus of Pacific Tech a technical university similar to Caltech. Chris Knight (Kilmer) is a genius in his senior year working on a chemical laser.
 My Tale Is Hot is a 1964 Sonney Amusement Enterprises comedy/fantasy erotic movie. The cast includes Jack Little Max Gardens (billed as Manny Goodtimes) Bea Reddy Ima Ghoul Sue Pagano and Robyn Hilton.Directed by Peter Perry and Dan Sonney (billed as Seymour Tokus) the movie was also produced and written by Sonney (as Tokus).Included is a four-minute clip of an exotic dance routine from archive footage showcasing legendary stripper Candy Barr (ca.
 The Photographer is a 2000 film directed by Jeremy Stein. It revolves around a photographer who has a single evening to find ten magical photographs or else he stands to lose everything that is important to him.
 The Last Will and Testament of Rosalind Leigh (also known as Poslednja Volja i Testament Rosalinde Li) is a 2012 horror film directed by Rue Morgue founder Rodrigo Gudiño. It was released in Russia on June 13 2013 as Poslednja Volja i Testament Rosalinde Li and was later released direct to DVD on July 30 2013 through Image Entertainment.
 Im toten Winkel - Hitlers Sekretärin (titled Blind Spot: Hitler's Secretary in English) is a 2002 Austrian documentary directed by André Heller and Othmar Schmiderer.
 Paranoid Park is a 2007 American-French drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Blake Nelson and takes place in Portland Oregon. It stars Gabe Nevins as a teenage skateboarder who accidentally kills a security guard.Van Sant wrote the draft script in two days after reading and deciding to adapt Nelson's novel.
 America is a 1924 silent historical war romance film. It describes the heroic story of the events during the Revolutionary war in which filmmaker D. W. Griffith created a film adaptation of Robert W. Chambers’ novel The Reckoning. The plot mainly centers itself on the battles of the New York State with romance sliced into the individual movie scenes.
 Interference is an early sound film drama released in 1928 and starring William Powell and Evelyn Brent. This was Paramount Pictures' first ever full talking movie. It was also simultaneously filmed as a silent. The film was based on the play Interference a Play in Three Acts by Roland Pertwee and Howard Dearden.
 National Lampoon's Bag Boy is a 2007 comedy film directed by Mort Nathan starring Dennis Farina Paul Campbell and Marika Dominczyk. The plot involves a teenager who enters the competitive world of grocery store bagging.
 United Gates of America is a 2006 BBC television documentary directed by Alex Cooke featuring journalist Charlie LeDuff. He lived for a month within the gated community of Canyon Lake in Riverside County California to try and discover why people wanted to lock themselves behind gates and fences and what effect it had on the residents.
 Rebel Without a Cause is a 1955 American drama film about emotionally confused suburban middle-class teenagers. Directed by Nicholas Ray it offered both social commentary and an alternative to previous films depicting delinquents in urban slum environments. Over the years the film has achieved landmark status for the acting of cultural icon James Dean fresh from his Academy Award nominated role in East of Eden and who died before the film's release in his most celebrated role.
 Mood Indigo (French: L'Écume des jours) is a 2013 French film co-written and directed by Michel Gondry and co-written and produced by Luc Bossi starring Romain Duris and Audrey Tautou. It is an adaptation of Boris Vian's 1947 novel Froth on the Daydream and its American edition Foam of the Daze (TamTam Books). The film received two nominations at the 4th Magritte Awards. It also received three nominations at the 39th César Awards winning in one category.
 Pee-Wee's Big Adventure is a 1985 American adventure comedy film directed by Tim Burton in his full-length film directing debut and starring Paul Reubens as Pee-wee Herman. Reubens also co-wrote the script with Phil Hartman and Michael Varhol. Supporting roles are played by Elizabeth Daily Mark Holton Diane Salinger and Judd Omen.
 It's in the Water is a 1997 independent film. Written and directed by Kelli Herd the film touches on themes of homosexuality AIDS coming out and small-town prejudice. The film stars Keri Jo Chapman as Alex Teresa Garrett as Grace Derrick Sanders as Mark Timothy Vahle as Tomas Nancy Chartier as Sloan and John Hallum as Spencer.
 Ski School is a 1991 comedy film about a fictional ski school starring Dean Cameron. A sequel Ski School 2 followed in 1994 also starring Cameron.
 Night and Fog (Traditional Chinese: 天水圍的夜與霧) is a 2009 Hong Kong film directed by Ann Hui. Based on a murder case that happened in Tin Shui Wai in 2004 the film attempts to raise awareness of some issues related to new immigrants in Hong Kong. The film stars Simon Yam and Zhang Jingchu who play the couple.
 Our America is an award-winning film based on the book Our America: Life And Death on the South Side of Chicago.It premiered at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival and aired on American television later that year.
 Secret of the Skies is a 1934 Australian film directed by A.R. Harwood about a bank robber who crashes a plane in remote bush. The story was inspired by the disappearance of the Southern Cloud in 1931.
 Electra Glide in Blue is a 1973 film starring Robert Blake as a motorcycle cop in Arizona and Billy Green Bush as his partner. The name stems from the Harley-Davidson Electra Glide motorcycle issued to traffic cops.
 The Watchmaker (Georgian: Mesaate) is a 2011 Georgian crime film directed by Giorgi Maskharashvili.
 Love In Between (Hangul: 두여자; RR: Du Yeoja; MR: Tu yŏja; lit. Two Women) is a 2010 South Korean film based on the Finnish film Black Ice (2007).
 The Revenge of Tarzan (1920) is a silent adventure film and the third Tarzan film produced. The film was produced by the Great Western Film Producing Company a subsidiary of Numa Pictures Corporation. It was sold to Goldwyn Pictures before release. It was written by Robert Saxmar (based on the 1915 novel The Return of Tarzan by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by Harry Revier and George M. Merrick. It was released on May 30 1920.
 The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer's novel of the same name. Written and directed by Andrew Niccol the film stars Saoirse Ronan Max Irons Jake Abel William Hurt and Diane Kruger. Released on March 29 2013 the film has been generally panned by critics.
 The Brooklyn Heist (also released as Capers) is a 2009 film written by Julian Mark Kheel and Brett Halsey and directed by Julian Mark Kheel.
 The Garden is a 1990 British arthouse film by director Derek Jarman produced by James Mackay for Basilisk Communications in association with Channel 4 British Screen and ZDF. It focuses on homosexuality and Christianity set against a backdrop of Jarman's bleak coastal home of Dungeness in Kent and his garden and the nearby landscape surrounding a nuclear power station a setting Jarman compares to the Garden of Eden. The film was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 A Cry in the Woods (Norwegian: Den som frykter ulven) is a 2004 Norwegian crime film directed by Erich Hörtnagl starring Lars Bom Kristoffer Joner Laila Goody and Stig Henrik Hoff. When an old lady is brutally murdered suspicion falls on the escaped mental patient Erkki Jorma (Joner). Only his therapist Sara Rask (Goody) believes that he is innocent and works with investigator Karsten Skov (Bom) to track down Erkki.
 The originally-titled (in Spain) La orgía de los muertos (translated as The Orgy of the Dead) or the The Hanging Woman (title from the video release; also known as Terror of the Living Dead in the USA) is a 1972 horror film (released first in 1973) directed by José Luis Merino and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya (Urdu: جو ڈر گیا وہ مر گیا) is a Pakistani Urdu film which starred Neeli Javed Sheikh Atiqa Odho Reema and Nadeem. The film was released in the summer of 1995 and earned major revenue for its production studio. It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios. The English title is Scared.
 Little Boy Lost is a 1953 American drama film directed by George Seaton and starring Bing Crosby Claude Dauphin and Christian Fourcade. Based on the novel Little Boy Lost by Marghanita Laski the film is about a war correspondent stationed in Paris during World War II and once married to a French girl who was murdered by the Nazis.
 Secret Admirer is a 1985 American romantic comedy film directed by David Greenwalt and starring C. Thomas Howell Lori Loughlin Kelly Preston and Fred Ward. The screenplay was written by Greenwalt and Jim Kouf. The original music score was composed by Jan Hammer. The film was produced at the height of the teen sex comedy cinema craze in the mid-1980s and marked the directorial debut of Greenwalt. The film has received a MPAA rating of R.
 Torremolinos 73 is a 2003 Spanish/Danish comedy film directed by Pablo Berger.
 Luger is a 1982 Dutch film directed by Theo van Gogh.
 Suryavamsha is a 2000 released Kannada block buster film directed by S. Narayan and written by Vikraman. The film stars super star Dr. Vishnuvardhan in dual role along with Isha Koppikar and Lakshmi in the lead roles. Though the film was a remake of Tamil film Suryavamsam (1997) directed by Vikraman it went on to be a mega hit blockbuster film being more successful than the original. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by V.
 American Boyfriends is a 1989 Canadian comedy-drama film and the sequel to My American Cousin (1985). As before it was written and directed by Sandy Wilson. Margaret Langrick and John Wildman reprise their roles as Sandy Wilcox and Butch Walker respectively. The soundtrack for this film contains songs by a number of popular Canadian music groups of the era including Barney Bentall and the Legendary Hearts Colin James Sass Jordan Spirit of the West and BTO.
 King Rat is a 1965 World War II film adapted from the James Clavell novel King Rat. The film was directed by Bryan Forbes and starred George Segal as Corporal King and James Fox as Marlowe two World War II prisoners of war in a squalid camp near Singapore. It is partly based on Clavell's experiences as a POW at Changi Prison during World War II. Among the supporting cast were John Mills and Tom Courtenay.
 Leaving (French: Partir) is a 2009 French film directed by Catherine Corsini written by Corsini and Gaeelle Mace and starring Sergi López and Kristin Scott Thomas.
 Les cloches de Corneville is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Elsie Craven Moya Mannering and Leslie Stiles. It was based on the 1876 French opera Les cloches de Corneville by Robert Planquette. It was made at Bushey Studios.
 The Lilac Domino is a 1937 British operetta film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Michael Bartlett June Knight and Fred Emney. It was made at Welwyn Studios with sets designed by Oscar Friedrich Werndorff. It is based on the 1918 version of the operetta Lilac Domino.
 A Good Day to Die Hard is a 2013 American action film and the fifth film of the Die Hard film series. The film was directed by John Moore and written by Skip Woods and starring Bruce Willis as John McClane. The main plot finds McClane travelling to Russia to get his estranged son Jack out of prison but is soon caught in the crossfire of a terrorist plot.
 The Valiant (1929) is a part-silent/part-talkie film directed by William K. Howard and released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system.The film stars Paul Muni Marguerite Churchill DeWitt Jennings Henry Kolker Edith Yorke Richard Carlyle and Johnny Mack Brown. The film was Muni's film debut and Howard's first sound film.Screenwriters Tom Barry and John Hunter Booth adapted the play by Holworthy Hall and Robert Middlemass.
 Garo: Red Requiem (牙狼〈GARO〉 ～RED REQUIEM～) is a 2010 Japanese 3-D film directed by Keita Amemiya produced by Tohokushinsha Film and based on their tokusatsu series Garo. It was released in theaters on October 30 2010. Ryosei Konishi reprises his role from the television series while introducing new characters such as the one portrayed by Mary Matsuyama.
 Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi (Devnagari: अशी ही बनवा बनवी) is a comedy Marathi film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and released in India in 1988. The movie is a remake of 1966 Hindi film Biwi aur Makan.
 Mickey's Movies is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on September 2 1928 by FBO.
 Carl Panzram: The Spirit of Hatred and Vengeance is a documentary film by John Borowski about the life and death of serial killer Carl Panzram.
 The Amazing Impostor is a lost 1919 silent film comedy starring Mary Miles Minter and directed by Lloyd Ingraham.
 Jeepers Creepers 2 is a 2003 American horror film written and directed by Victor Salva produced by American Zoetrope Capitol Films Myriad Pictures and distributed by United Artists a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer division. The film is a sequel to the 2001 horror film Jeepers Creepers.On November 14 2013 STYD reported that filming had begun on the upcoming sequel Jeepers Creepers 3: Cathedral. Victor Salva teased that fans may finally get some closure from the film.
 The Wild is a 2006 American computer animated family adventure comedy film directed by Steve Spaz Williams produced by Clint Goldman and assistant produced by Jim Burton. It was a C.O.R.E. Feature Animation production distributed by Walt Disney Pictures on April 14 2006 in the United States.
 The Moon Riders was a 1920 American Western film serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Theodore Wharton. The film is considered lost.
 Babylon 5: The Legend of the Rangers (subtitled: To Live and Die in Starlight) is the fifth telefilm set in the Babylon 5 universe (not including the pilot The Gathering).Originally airing January 19 2002 on the Sci Fi Channel it was written by J. Michael Straczynski and directed by Mike Vejar.
 The Glass Jungle is a 1988 action film directed by Joseph Merhi and distributed by Troma Entertainment. Set on the streets of Los Angeles the film follows a female detective as she races against time to find the murderer of several prostitutes.
 Across the Desert (German:Durch die Wüste) is a 1936 German adventure film directed by Johann Alexander Hubler-Kahla and starring Fred Raupach Heinz Evelt and Aruth Wartan. It was based on a novel by Karl May. It was the first sound adaptation of a May novel and the only one to be produced during the Nazi era.
 Suhaag (English: Husband) is 1994 Indian Hindi action thriller dramafilm directed by Kuku Kohli starring Akshay Kumar Ajay Devgan Karisma Kapoor and Nagma. Suhaag was one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of 1994. The film is mainly remembered for the song Gore Gore Mukhde Pe and Akshay-Ajay's wonderful chemistry.
 The Resurrection of Jesus Christ (often referred to as The Resurrection) is an upcoming film that is being marketed as an unofficial sequel to The Passion of the Christ. It will continue with the events following The Passion and cover the story of Jesus as described in the Bible including Him coming out of the tomb and the forty days that lead up to His ascension into Heaven.
 Raising Hell is a 2010 documentary film by Ed Webb-Ingall that explores the experiences of children of gay and lesbian parents. Webb-Ingall specifically sought to create a safe space where kids [could] be seen to be speaking freely and openly about their experiences [with gay and lesbian parents] without having to be poster kids for the perfect family or the perfect childhood.
 Say It Again is a lost 1926 silent film comedy-romance produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. It starred Richard Dix and was directed by Gregory La Cava.
 Solo is a 2011 Telugu language film written and directed by Parasuram.which features Nara Rohith and Nisha Aggarwal in the lead roles. The film featured music by Mani Sharma.
 Dream Maker is a webseries that stars Audrina Patridge as an up-and-coming talent manager who moves from Hollywood to Detroit to start her own talent agency.
 Barely Lethal is an upcoming action/comedy film directed by Kyle Newman and written by John D'Arco starring Hailee Steinfeld Sophie Turner Samuel L. Jackson Dove Cameron and Jessica Alba. The film is scheduled to be released in the fall of 2014.
 For the Kyle XY episode see Diving InDiving In is a 1990 American film directed by Strathford Hamilton and starring Matt Adler.
 Woh College Kay Din is an 2009 Urdu movie from Pakistan directed by Ali Ahmad written by Nasir Adeeb and produced by Faisal Rehman. It was a new cast film and done relatively well on box office.
 Return to Mayberry is an American television reunion movie for the 1960s American sitcoms The Andy Griffith Show and to an extent Mayberry R.F.D. as well. The movie premiered on April 13 1986 on NBC and was the highest-rated telemovie of 1986. Sixteen of the original cast members reunited for the movie and its success could have led to additional Mayberry programs but Griffith was committed to Matlock for the 1986-87 season.
 Good Deeds is a romantic drama film written co-produced directed by and starring Tyler Perry. The film was released on February 24 2012. It is the eleventh out of thirteen films directed by Perry that he appears in.[citation needed]
 Down the Wind is a 1975 Australian film which marked the directorial debut of Scott Hicks. He made it shortly after graduating from university.
 The Peach Thief (Bulgarian: Крадецът на праскови) is a 1964 Bulgarian film directed by Vulo Radev and based on a story by Emilian Stanev. Set towards the end of World War I it tells the story of a whirlwind love affair between a Serbian prisoner of war Ivo Obrenovich (played by Rade Markovic) and a Colonel's wife Elisaveta played by Nevena Kokanova.The title refers to an incident in the plot in which Ivo Obrenovich is caught by Elisaveta in her private garden stealing peaches.
 Jesus Henry Christ is an American 2012 comedy film based on Dennis Lee's Academy Award-winning student short film of the same name. It was released on April 20 2012. The film was directed by Dennis Lee who also penned screenplay. The film was produced by Joseph Boccia Sukee Chew Lisa Roberts Gillan Deepak Nayar Julia Roberts Philip Rose and Katie Wells. The films stars Jason Spevack Toni Collette Michael Sheen Samantha Weinstein Frank Moore Mark Caven and Paul Braunstein.
 Irresistible Force is a 1993 Australian-US thriller shot on the Gold Coast.
 Gypsy Blood is a British feature-length observational documentary which examines the fighting culture that gypsy fathers hand on to their sons.It was filmed over two years by the photographer Leo Maguire and produced by the production company ClearStory.
 From the Tropics to the Snow is a 1964 Australian documentary film. It was one of the best known Australian films of the 1960s.
 Heroic Charge (Italian: Carica eroica) is a 1952 Italian film.
 Conspiracy of Hearts is a 1960 British World War II film directed by Ralph Thomas about nuns in Italy smuggling Jewish children out of an internment camp near their convent to save them from the Holocaust. It stars Lilli Palmer Sylvia Syms Yvonne Mitchell and Ronald Lewis and was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Film Promoting International Understanding at the 18th Golden Globe Awards in 1961.
 Aan Paavam is a 1985 Tamil comedy film directed by Pandiarajan. It was the second movie directed by Pandiarajan and was his debut as actor. This blockbuster movie of 1985 turned as the best comedy movie in the career of actor-director Pandiarajan. The film was remade into Telugu as Naku Pellam Kavali (1987) starring Chandra Mohan and Rajendra Prasad.The film was remade in Kannada as Ramakrishna with Ravichandran and Jaggesh.
 The Crow is a 1994 American supernatural action film directed by Alex Proyas written by David J. Schow and John Shirley and starring Brandon Lee in his final film appearance. Based on James O'Barr's 1989 comic book of the same name it tells the story of Eric Draven (Lee) a rock musician who is revived from the dead to avenge his murder and that of his fiancée. Lee was accidentally killed during filming and consequently The Crow was his last film.
 The Citizen is a 2013 American drama independent film directed by Sam Kadi written by Sam Kadi Samir Younis Jazmen Brown and starring Khaled El Nabawy Agnes Bruckner Rizwan Manji William Atherton and Cary Elwes. The Citizen was filmed in New York City Detroit Masonic Temple in Detroit Michigan and the Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Michigan. The film premiered on September 20 2012 at the Boston Film Festival.
 Double Game also known as Violent Turin (in original Italian Torino violenta) is a 1977 poliziotteschi film. This film by Carlo Ausino stars George Hilton.
 Opposite Day is a 2009 American comedy film released in October 2009 starring Billy Unger Ariel Winter and Dylan Cash.
 Hero (Chinese: 馬永貞; Jyutping: Ma Wing Jing) is a 1997 Hong Kong martial arts action and gangster film written by Corey Yuen Jeffrey Lau and also directed by Corey Yuen. The film stars Taiwanese-Japanese actor Takeshi Kaneshiro established Hong Kong action stars from the Peking Opera School (Yuen Biao Yuen Wah Corey Yuen Kwai Yuen Tak) and Hong Kong actresses Valerie Chow and Jessica Hsuan. The film is a remake of the 1972 Hong Kong action film Boxer from Shantung.
 I Love Me is a 2012 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan starring Unni Mukundan Asif Ali Isha Talwar. Anoop Menon in the supporting role. The film was shot in Vietnam Bangkok and Kochi and was produced by Vaishak Rajan under the banner Vyshakha Cinemas. The film features a score and soundtrack composed by Deepak Dev while the cinematography is by Satheesh Kurup. The film was scripted by Sethu and it is for the first time B.
 See Burning times (disambiguation) for other uses.The Burning Times is a 1990 Canadian documentary presenting a feminist account of the Early Modern European witchcraft trials.It was directed by Donna Read and written by Erna Buffie and features interviews with feminist and Neopagan notables such as Starhawk Margot Adler and Matthew Fox.
 Nevesinjska puška (English title: Thundering Mountains) is a 1963 Yugoslav film by Žika Mitrović. It was released in 1963.
 Cocaine Cowboys is a 2006 documentary film directed by Billy Corben and produced by Alfred Spellman and Billy Corben through their Miami-based media studio Rakontur. The film explores the rise of cocaine and resulting crime epidemic that swept the American city of Miami Florida in the 1970s and 1980s. The producers of Cocaine Cowboys use interviews with law enforcement journalists lawyers former drug smugglers and gang members to provide a first-hand perspective of the Miami drug war.
 Jimmy Gallu (Kannada: ಜಿಮ್ಮೀ ಗಲ್ಲು) is a 1982 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Ravi Poojar and produced by Shashirekha. The story is written by Venugopal Kasaragod. The film features Vishnuvardhan Sripriya and Lokesh in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and story upon release. The songs tuned by Vijaya Bhaskar were huge hits.
 When Were You Born is a 1938 murder mystery film starring Anna May Wong as an astrologer who helps the police. Each of the twelve principal characters was born under a different astrological sign.
 The Way We Are (天水圍的日與夜) is a 2008 Hong Kong film directed by Ann Hui and starring Paw Hee-Ching Chan Lai-wun Leung Chun-lung and Idy Chan.
 Andalusia: Revenge of the Goddess (アンダルシア 女神の報復 Andarushia Megami no Hōfuku) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Hiroshi Nishitani.
 Ponmanam is a 1998 Tamil language drama film directed by debutant S. P. Rajkumar assistant of K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Prabhu Suvalakshmi and Priya Raman in lead roles. The film produced by V. Natarajan had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar was released on 14 January 1998 coinciding with Thai Pongal to positive reviews.
 Tokyo 1960 is a 1957 horror action film directed by Teodorico C. Santos starring Tessie Quintana and Zaldy Zshornack.
 Ghost Pub (居酒屋ゆうれい Izakaya Yūrei) is a 1994 Japanese film directed by Takayoshi Watanabe.
 The Last Outlaw is a 1919 American short Western film directed by John Ford. Part of this film survives in the British Film Institute film archive and in the Museum of Modern Art film archive.
 Men in War (1957) is a war film about the Korean War directed by Anthony Mann. It stars Robert Ryan and Aldo Ray as the leaders of a small detachment of American soldiers cut off and desperately trying to rejoin their division. The events of the film take place on one day; 6 September 1950. It was based on a 1949 World War II novel of the Normandy campaign Day Without End by Van Van Praag that was retitled Combat in 1951.
 The Cry of the Owl (Original: Le cri du hibou) is a 1987 French-Italian thriller film adapted from the 1962 novel The Cry of the Owl by Patricia Highsmith. The film was directed by Claude Chabrol and stars Christophe Malavoy Mathilda May and Virginie Thévenet.Divorced illustrator Robert spies on a young woman named Juliette who he envies for her seemingly happy life. When they finally meet and Juliette leaves her fiancé Patrick for Robert the situation quickly escalates.
 Toi le venin (aka: Blonde in a White Car; US title: Nude in a White Car; UK title: Night Is Not for Sleep) is a 1958 French crime drama film directed and written by Robert Hossein based on novel C'est toi le venin... by Frédéric Dard. The music score was by André Hossein. The films tells the story of a young man who have affairs with two sisters.
 Five Minutes of Heaven is a British/Irish film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel from a script by Guy Hibbert. The film was premiered on January 19 2009 at the 25th Sundance Film Festival where it won the World Cinema Dramatic Directing Award for Oliver Hirschbiegel and the World Cinema Screenwriting Award for Guy Hibbert.
 Forbidden City Cop (大內密探零零發; lit. the Imperial Secret Agent 008) is a 1996 Hong Kong martial arts/comedy film directed by Vincent Kok starring Stephen Chow Carina Lau and Carman Lee.
 Elevator is a 2012 American thriller film directed by Stig Svendsen. It follows the struggles and conflicts of nine strangers trapped in a Wall Street elevator 49 floors above Manhattan on the way to a company party. One of the group has a bomb. The film's events follow the group's attempts to escape with racism greed and revenge playing key elements as they all fight to survive.
 Earthbound is a 1981 American science fiction film.
 Triple Crossed is a 2013 mystery-thriller film directed by Sean Paul Lockhart and written by Linda Andersson. It stars Jack Brockett Addison Graham Sean Paul Lockhart and Laura Reilly. The film is the story of a gritty and seductive take on one man's torment the collateral damage of war and finding life after loss.
 Mr. Justice Raffles is a 1921 British crime film directed by Gaston Quiribet and starring Gerald Ames Eileen Dennes and James Carew. It was based on the 1909 novel Mr. Justice Raffles by E.W. Hornung featuring his gentleman thief AJ Raffles. The plot changed a number of details from the novel and inserted a romantic interest into the plot which sees Raffles fall in love with Camilla Belsize while trying to conceal his secret life as a leading cracksman from her.
 Leila is a 1996 Iranian film directed by Dariush Mehrjui.
 The Water Hole (1928) is a Western film starring Jack Holt Nancy Carroll and John Boles based on a novel by Zane Grey and released by Paramount Pictures.The film had sequences filmed in Technicolor and it was shot in Death Valley California.
 Love Makeup (恋化粧 Koi-gesho) is a 1955 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Her Own Money is a 1922 silent comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery starring Warner Baxter and Ethel Clayton. It was originally made in 1914 and featured Baxter in a bit part.
 Ek Hi Maqsad is a 1988 Social Bollywood film directed by Praveen Bhatt. The film stars Om Puri and Divya Rana in the title roles.
 The Year My Voice Broke is a 1987 coming of age drama film written and directed by John Duigan and starring Noah Taylor Loene Carmen and Ben Mendelsohn.Set in 1962 in the rural Southern Tablelands of New South Wales it was the first in a projected trilogy of films centred around the experiences of an awkward Australian boy based on the childhood of writer/director John Duigan. Although the trilogy never came to fruition it was followed by a sequel Flirting.
 The Serpent's Egg is a 1977 American-West German drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring David Carradine and Liv Ullmann. The story is set in 1920s Berlin and features English and German dialogue. This was Bergman's one and only Hollywood film. The title is taken from a line spoken by Brutus in Shakespeare's Julius Caesar: And therefore think him as a serpent's egg/Which hatch'd would as his kind grow mischievous;/And kill him in the shell.
 Journey to Mecca: In the Footsteps of Ibn Battuta is an IMAX (giant screen) dramatised documentary film charting the first real-life journey made by the Islamic scholar Ibn Battuta from his native Morocco to Mecca for the Hajj (Muslim pilgrimage) in 1325.
 Paris When It Sizzles is a 1964 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine and produced by Quine and George Axelrod. The screenplay is by George Axelrod based on the story and film Holiday for Henrietta by Julien Duvivier and Henri Jeanson. The music score is by Nelson Riddle the cinematography by Charles Lang and Claude Renoir. The film stars William Holden and Audrey Hepburn and features Grégoire Aslan Raymond Bussières and Noël Coward. and Tony Curtis.
 Robin Hood – czwarta strzała - Polish low-budget comedy made in 1997 by A'YoY studio (part of initiative Zielonogórskie Zagłębie Kabaretowe).
 Epsilon (also titled Alien Visitor) is a 1995 science fiction film that was directed by Rolf de Heer. It features Ulli Birve and Syd Brisbane (and Aletha McGrath but in the 1997 version only) . The extended version of the film runs for 92 minutes and was distributed by Miramax.
 Alas and Alack is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A print of the film survives in the National Film Archive.
 La Vie sexuelle des Belges 1950-78 is a 1994 film satire on Belgian provincialism that proved a major cinematic success in Belgium. It was the first film by now-famed Flemish provocateur and director Jan Bucquoy. It tells an autobiographical tale of a clueless young bumpkin Jan trying far from successfully to keep up with times failing equally at being a 60s free-love youth or political activist and finally sinking into a mundane bourgeoise life.
 Mekong Hotel is a 2012 Thai film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul. The film was screened in the Special Screenings section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 Stowaway (simplified Chinese: 惊天大逃亡; traditional Chinese: 驚天大逃亡) alternatively known as Snakeheads is a 2001 Hong Kong action film based on the true story of a group of stowaways from Fuzhou illegally immigrating to the United Kingdom in 2000. In the incident 58 illegal immigrants suffocated to death in an airtight truck of tomatoes at Dover England on June 20 2000.
 The First Seven Years is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 96th (eighth talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 Kahte Hain Mujhko Raja is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Biswajeet. The film stars Dharmendra Biswajeet Rekha and Hema Malini.
 Payaso is a 1952 Argentine film.
 False Identity is a 1990 film directed by James Keach. It stars Stacy Keach and Geneviève Bujold.
 Une corde un Colt (English title The Rope and the Colt or Cemetery Without Crosses) is a 1969 spaghetti westernstarring and directed by Robert Hossein.
 5 Card Stud is a 1968 Western released by Paramount Pictures. Directed by Henry Hathaway the script based on a novel by Ray Gaulden was written by Marguerite Roberts who also wrote the screenplay of True Grit for Hathaway the following year. The film features Dean Martin and Robert Mitchum.
 Satyakam is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee based on a Bengali novel of the same name by Narayan Sanyal. The film stars Dharmendra Sharmila Tagore Sanjeev Kumar and Ashok Kumar.
 Broadway Scandals aka Scandalo di Broadway (Italy) is a 1929 American black and white musical film.
 Sabarimala Ayyappan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1961.
 Mi candidato (My Candidate) is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 For the 1931 children's book of the same name see May Justus.The Other Side of the Mountain is a 1975 American film based on a true story of ski racing champion Jill Kinmont. In early 1955 Kinmont was the national champion in slalom and was a top U.S. prospect for a medal in the 1956 Winter Olympics a year away. She was paralyzed in a near-fatal downhill accident at the Snow Cup in Alta Utah weeks before her 19th birthday leaving her quadriplegic.
 Leading Lizzie Astray is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Clockers is a 1995 American crime drama film directed by Spike Lee. It is an adaptation of the eponymous 1992 novel by Richard Price who also co-wrote the screenplay with Lee. The film stars Harvey Keitel John Turturro Delroy Lindo and Mekhi Phifer in his debut film role. Set in New York City Clockers tells the story of Strike (Phifer) a street-level drug dealer who becomes entangled in a murder investigation.
 The Extraordinary Waiter (AKA: Diner and Waiter Comic) is a 1902 British short silent comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring a brutish colonialist failing to destroy a blackfaced waiter.
 Hatchetman is an American horror film starring Cheryl Burns as Claudia Chris Moir as Rob and Jon Briddell as Detective Sonny Banner. The movie was written and directed by Robert Tiffi.
 I Could Read the Sky is a 1999 Irish film directed by Nichola Bruce. It is based upon a photographic novel by Timothy O'Grady and Steve Pyke which concerns the Irish experience of emigration and exile. It has been described as an innovative melancholic and deeply moving film
 Blackwood is a 1976 Canadian short documentary film about Newfoundland artist David Blackwood directed by Tony Ianzelo and Andy Thomson. Narration is provided by Gordon Pinsent. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Julius Caesar is a 1953 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz who also wrote the uncredited screenplay and produced by John Houseman. The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa. The film stars Marlon Brando as Mark Antony James Mason as Brutus John Gielgud as Cassius Louis Calhern as Julius Caesar Edmond O'Brien as Casca Greer Garson as Calpurnia and Deborah Kerr as Portia.
 Paagal Premi (Oriya: ପାଗଳ ପ୍ରେମୀ) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Hara Patnaik .This is a remake of Telugu hit movie Arya.
 Bajo el mismo cielo is a 2008 Spanish film.
 La leggenda di Kaspar Hauser (English: The Legend of Kaspar Hauser) is a surreal drama based on the legend of Kaspar Hauser.In this modern western-like re-interpretation featuring Vincent Gallo a music-obsessive Kaspar washes up on a Mediterranean beach where half a dozen protagonists try to make sense of who he is.The film was first presented at the Rotterdam International Film Festival 2012.
 Addhuri (Kannada: ಅದ್ಧೂರಿ) is a 2012 Kannada romantic film starring Dhruva Sarja who is making his film debut and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The story screenplay dialogues and direction are by A. P. Arjun of the Kannada movie Ambaari fame. V. Harikrishna is the music director of the film. Keerthi Swamy of Maryland U S A and Shankar Reddy of Bengaluru have produced the venture. Soorya S Kiran of Dildaara fame is the Cinematographer.
 Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit (The Test-tube Adult and Simo's Angels) is a 1979 comedy directed written and starring Spede Pasanen along with the typical comic-cast of Simo Salminen Vesa-Matti Loiri Tapio Hämäläinen and Olavi Ahonen.Similar to his debut film X-Paroni Pasanen portrays a dual-role.
 The Jackie Robinson Story is a 1950 biographical film directed by Alfred E. Green (who had directed The Jolson Story one of the biggest hits of the 40s) and starring Jackie Robinson as himself. The film focuses on Robinson's struggle with the abuse of racist bigots as he becomes the first African-American Major League Baseball player of the modern era.The film is among the list of films in the public domain in the United States.
 Kamagni is a 1987 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashok Kumar starring Tina Munim and Alok Nath.
 Truong Ba's soul in butcher's body (Vietnemese orgirinal title: Hồn Trương Ba da hàng thịt is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Quang Dung Nguyen and starring Johnny Tri Nguyen and Phuoc Sang. It is based on a traditional Vietnamese tale Trương Ba's Soul in the Butcher's Body that has inspired many comedies musicals and novels.
 Ride the Wild Surf is romantic drama in the beach party style. It was filmed in 1963 and distributed in 1964. Unlike most films in the genre it is known for its exceptional big wave surf footage – a common sight in surf movies of the time but a rarity in beach party films. Likewise the film has only one pop song – the titular Jan and Dean track which is heard once at the end of the film.
 Chantabbai (Telugu: చంటబ్బాయ్) is a 1986 Telugu film movie made by Jandhyala and was released on 22 August 1986 . The film was a casting coup in that Chiranjeevi who was an action hero was cast as a bumbling private detective in a full-length comedy film with no heroism whatsoever. The film won a lot of critical acclaim and is hailed as a classic comedy. This story was taken from Peter Sellers comic movie A Shot in the Dark.
 Modesty Blaise is a comedic spy-fi film produced in the United Kingdom and released worldwide in 1966. It was loosely based upon the popular comic strip Modesty Blaise by Peter O'Donnell who wrote the original story and scenario upon which Evan Jones based his screenplay. The film was directed by Joseph Losey with music composed by Johnny Dankworth and the theme song Modesty sung by David and Jonathan.
 Second Youth or Druga młodość is a 1938 Polish romantic drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 State Property is a 2002 American crime film starring Beanie Sigel Omillio Sparks Memphis Bleek and Damon Dash. Rapper Jay-Z appears in a cameo role. It was produced by Roc-A-Fella Films and distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. Abdul Malik Abbott directed the film and co-wrote its screenplay with Ernest Tron Anderson. The film was loosely based on Aaron Jones and the JBM in Philadelphia's drug trade from the late 1980s to early 1990s.
 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a 2013 American computer-animated comic science fiction comedy film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film is the sequel to the 2009 film Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs which was loosely based on Judi and Ron Barrett's book of the same name. It was directed by Cody Cameron and Kris Pearn produced by Kirk Bodyfelt and executive produced by the directors of the first film Phil Lord and Chris Miller.
 Cleaner is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Samuel L. Jackson Ed Harris and Eva Mendes.
 Sinister is a 2012 supernatural horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and written by Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill. It stars Ethan Hawke as fictional true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt who discovers a box of home movies in his attic that puts his family in danger. Sinister premiered at the SXSW festival and was released in the United States on October 12 2012 and in the UK on October 5 2012.
 Samson (Italian: Sansone) is a 1961 Italian peplum film directed by Gianfranco Parolini. It is the film which introduced the character of Samson cleared of his religious traits into the sword-and-sandal cinema. Following the success of Samson the character was later featured in a series of four films released between 1963 and 1965.
 Reversion is a computer animated short film directed by Giancarlo Ng and produced by The Magic Movie Machine a self-described collaborative animation team.The 11-minute short film was created using Blender.Reversion was awarded Best Design at the 2012 Suzanne Awards and Best in Technical Quality at Animahenasyon 2012.
 Terra incognita is a 2002 Lebanese-French drama film directed by Ghassan Salhab. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fighting to Live is a 1934 American film directed by Edward F. Cline.
 El Seductor (The Seducer) is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Nobita and the Winged Braves (のび太と翼の勇者たち Nobita to tsubasa no yûsha tachi) is a feature-length Doraemon film which premiered on 8 March 2001.
 The Short and Curlies is a 1987 short film written and directed by Mike Leigh. It stars Alison Steadman Wendy Nottingham Sylvestra Le Touzel and David Thewlis. The hairdressers 'Cynthia's' was in Willesden and exterior locations were in nearby Harlesden. Channel Four put up money for the film and pending the success of this project agreed to co-produce with Portman Productions Leigh's first feature film since Bleak Moments - what became 1988's feature movie High Hopes.
 Cruel Summer is a short film by American musician Kanye West. It premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival on May 23 2012 and was shown out of competition.A custom pyramid-shaped screening pavilion was constructed for the film's debut designed by conceptual firms DONDA OMA and 2x4. The theater featured seven screens - three in the front one on the floor one on the ceiling and one on both the right and left side of the space.
 In Vanda's Room (Portuguese: No Quarto da Vanda 2000) is a docufiction film by Portuguese director Pedro Costa a sub-genre of cinéma vérité.The film follows the daily life of Vanda Duarte a heroin addict in the shanty outskirts of Lisbon. The film's focus is also on the community of the district and its townscape.
 Daruchini Dwip also (Bengali: দারুচিনি দ্বীপ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. It was released in 2007 throughout Bangladesh. The film is based on the Bangladeshi novelist and film maker Humayun Ahmed’s popular novel of the same name. It was directed: by most popular TV actor Toukir Ahmed.
 Dhund (translation: Fog) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and directed by B. R. Chopra. The film is based on Agatha Christie's play The Unexpected Guest and stars Sanjay Khan his then flame Zeenat Aman Danny Denzongpa Deven Verma Madan Puri Navin Nischol and Ashok Kumar. The music is by Ravi.Dhund is the story of a young woman Rani Ranjit Singh (Zeenat Aman) whose invalid husband Thakur Ranjit Singh (Danny Denzongpa) is murdered.
 The Ice Flood is a 1926 silent film northwoods drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by George Seitz and starred Kenneth Harlan and Viola Dana. A complete though poor quality copy exists and has been distributed by the Grapevine company in Arizona.
 The Castle of Fu Manchu (1969) also known by its German title Die Folterkammer des Dr. Fu Man Chu is the fifth and final Fu Manchu film with Christopher Lee portraying the title character. The spy/crime film was filmed on location in Spain and Istanbul and originally released in West Germany in 1969. It was directed by Jesús Franco and also stars Richard Greene as Nayland Smith and Howard Marion-Crawford as Dr. Petrie.
 Living Color is a 1992 thriller about a cat and mouse game between Molly and killer Christian. The film was shot in Brisbane between 5–21 January 1992 and was not released theatrically.
 Timbuctoo is a 1933 British comedy film co-directed by Walter Summers and Arthur B. Woods for British International Pictures and starring Henry Kendall and Margot Grahame. Although BIP had a reputation for churning out films quickly and cheaply in this case they allocated enough of a budget to finance location filming in Africa.
 This Weekend is a 2012 Hindi action thriller directed by Bollywood fame stunt director Tinu Verma. Tinu Verma himself produced Kattu Puli for Kabishek Films. Vijay Verma composed music of this movie.and associate Director Khalid Abbas The movie received negative reviews and was a failure at the box office. The film was shot in Hindi with a few scenes reshot in Tamil and Telugu for alternate language versions.
 Lone Hero is a 2002 action film written and directed by Ken Sanzel. It tells of an actor in a Far West village who acts against bikers who held up the village's bar and the actions that followed.
 The Beast To Die (野獣死すべし Yajū shisubeshi) is a 1980 Japanese thriller starring Yusaku Matsuda. It was directed by Toru Murakawa and produced by Haruki Kadokawa.
 Weeping for a Bandit (Spanish: Llanto por un bandido) is a 1964 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura. It was Saura's first film in color. It was co-produced with France and Italy starred by Italian Lea Massari and French-Italian Lino Ventura. Thanks to his friendship with Saura film maker Luis Buñuel has got a small role. The film was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Special ID is a Chinese action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Donnie Yen.
 The Spider's Web is a 1938 Columbia Pictures movie serial based on the popular pulp magazine character The Spider. The first episode of this 15-chapter serial was double-length and directed by serial and western specialist Ray Taylor and by comedy and serial veteran James W.
 Children of God is a 2010 Bahamian romantic drama film by director and screenwriter Kareem Mortimer. It tells the story of two young Bahamian men who fall in love with each other and portrays the homophobia of the Bahamian society. The film also deals with themes of bisexuality romantic drama film.It is one of the first feature narratives from the Caribbean to address homosexuality.[citation needed] It was the opening night film of the Bahamas International Film Festival.
 God Reward You (Dios se lo pague) is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Arturo de Córdova and Zully Moreno.
 Native Land is a 1942 documentary film directed by Leo Hurwitz and Paul Strand. A combination of a documentary format and staged reenactments the film depicted the struggle of trade unions against union-busting corporations their spies and contractors. It was based on the 1938 report of the La Follette Committee's investigation of the repression of labor organizing.Famous African-American singer actor and activist Paul Robeson participated as an off-screen narrator and vocalist.
 El Cocinero de Ross (Spanish: The Chef of Ross) is a 2006 short film directed by Yovanny Moraga Paredes and produced by the Agrupación de Audiovisualistas de Pichilemu. The plot is based on a love story set in the town of Pichilemu in 1926 when the Pichilemu train station was inaugurated as the first train arrived.
 Duhulu Malak is a 1976 Sinhalese language romance film directed by Vijaya Dharmasri that follows the lives of middle-class people in Sri Lanka. The film stars Nita Fernando Ravindra Randeniya and Tony Ranasinghe and is notable for containing the first depiction of adultery in a Sinhala film.
 The Cleaner (Spanish: El limpiador) is a 2012 Peruvian drama film written and directed by Adrián Saba. The film was selected as the Peruvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Annie's Point is a 2005 made-for-television movie starring Betty White Richard Thomas and Amy Davidson.
 Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddham is a classical Telugu film directed by Bapu. The film was released in the year 1974. The film mainly revolves around Lord Anjaneya saving King Yayati against Lord Rama in Treta Yuga.
 The Invisible Divorce is a 1920 American silent drama film released by Select Pictures and starring Leatrice Joy. The film's status is currently unknown suggesting that it is a lost film.
 Torch Song is a 1953 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Technicolor romantic musical drama film starring Joan Crawford and Michael Wilding in a story about a Broadway star and her rehearsal pianist. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes and Jan Lustig was based upon the story Why Should I Cry? by I. A. R. Wylie in 1949 Saturday Evening Post. The film was directed by Charles Walters and produced by Sidney Franklin Henry Berman and Charles Schnee.
 L'espoir (English title: Days of Hope or Man's Hope French title: Espoir Sierra de Teruel) is a 1945 Spanish black and white war film directed by Boris Peskine and André Malraux who wrote the novel L'Espoir for the film. The director won the 1945 Prix Louis Delluc award.The crash of Spanish Republican Air Force serial 'Ñ' Potez 540 plane near Valdelinares inspired André Malraux to make this movie based on his novel Man's Hope.
 Wild Horse Mesa is a 1947 American Western film directed by Wallace Grissell and starring Tim Holt Nan Leslie and Richard Martin. Written by Norman Houston based on the novel of the same name by Zane Grey the film is about two cowboys who go to work for a rancher and his beautiful daughter. Together they search for wild horses. When they find the horses a rival rancher offers to purchase them but during the transaction he murders the good rancher.
 Mother Joan of the Angels (Polish: Matka Joanna od Aniołów also known as The Devil and the Nun) is a 1961 drama film on demonic possession directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz based on a novella of the same title by Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz. The film won the Special Jury Prize at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lucky Break (released in the United States as Paperback Romance) is a 1994 Australian romantic comedy film directed by Ben Lewin about a woman with polio who breaks her leg and is treated normally for the first time in her life. It was nominated for an award by the Australian Film Institute in 1995.
 Paco is a 2009 Argentine drama film written and directed by Diego Rafecas an Argentinian film director. The film was shot in Buenos Aires and South Africa.
 A Different Story is a 1978 American film set in Los Angeles. It stars Meg Foster and Perry King and was directed by Paul Aaron. It tells the story of a gay man (King) and a lesbian (Foster) who become temporary housemates but end up falling in love with each other.
 The Contender is a 1944 American film directed by Sam Newfield. The film is also known as Challenger (American TV title)
 A Little Trip to Heaven is an Icelandic-American noir-inspired drama and thriller film from 2005 directed by Icelandic director of The Sea Baltasar Kormákur. The film is set in the U.S. in 1985 but almost entirely shot in Iceland. Icelandic musician Mugison composed and performed the soundtrack except for the song A Little Trip to Heaven which is originally by Tom Waits. Mugison performs the Waits song on the soundtrack.
 North and South is the title of three American television miniseries broadcast on the ABC network in 1985 1986 and 1994. Set before during and immediately after the American Civil War they are based on the 1980s trilogy of novels North and South by John Jakes. The 1985 first installment North and South remains the seventh-highest rated miniseries in TV history.
 The Lips (Spanish: Los labios) is a 2010 Argentine drama film directed by Iván Fund and Santiago Loza. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.The film opened theatrically in the United States at Maysles Cinema in June 2011 as part of the Documentary in Bloom series.
 Defilada (The Parade) is a Polish 1989 documentary by Andrzej Fidyk. It focused on the cult of personality in the North Korea and was shot in 1988 on the 40th anniversary of the state's founding by Kim Il-sung. Despite its anti-totalitarian message it has received praise from North Korea itself.
 Dr. Akagi known in Japan as Kanzō-sensei (カンゾー先生 literally Dr. Liver) is a 1998 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura.
 Hands Across the Table is a 1935 American romantic screwball comedy film released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Carole Lombard as a manicurist looking for a rich husband and Fred MacMurray as a poor playboy with Ralph Bellamy as a wealthy but handicapped ex-pilot. The teaming of Lombard and MacMurray was so well received they went on to make three more films together 1936's The Princess Comes Across 1937's Swing High Swing Low and 1937's True Confession.
 Revolution is a 1985 historical drama directed by Hugh Hudson written by Robert Dillon and starring Al Pacino Donald Sutherland and Nastassja Kinski. The film stars Pacino as a New York fur trapper who involuntarily gets enrolled in the Revolutionary forces during the American Revolutionary War.The film was a major commercial and critical failure upon release leading Pacino to take a four-year hiatus from films until 1989's Sea of Love.
 Adam is an American comedy-drama film written and directed by Max Mayer starring Hugh Dancy and Rose Byrne. The film follows the relationship between a young man named Adam (Dancy) with Asperger syndrome and Beth (Byrne). Mayer was inspired to write the film's script when he heard a radio interview with a man who had Asperger's.Filming took place in New York in December 2005. The film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Alfred P.
 Support Your Local Gunfighter is a 1971 comic western film starring James Garner directed by Burt Kennedy and written by James Edward Grant. The film shares many cast and crew members and plot elements with the earlier Support Your Local Sheriff! but is not a sequel. It actually parodies Yojimbo and its remake A Fistful of Dollars using the basic storyline of a stranger who wanders into a feuding town and pretends to work as an enforcer for both sides.
 Bouka is a 1988 drama film directed by Roger Gnoan M'Bala.
 Blacktop is an American thriller film starring Meat Loaf released in 2000.
 Shinsengumi (新撰組 AKA Shinsengumi: Assassins of Honor or Band of Assassins) is a 1969 Japanese jidaigeki film.The true story of the end of the Shogunate the tragedy of the Shinsengumi is one of the best loved stories of Japanese history and has been adapted many times on stage screen television and anime. This film starring Toshiro Mifune with an all-star cast stands out as one of the definitive adaptations of this classic tale.
 The End of Innocence is a semi-autobiographical film from 1990 directed written by and starring Dyan Cannon.
 Just Jim is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Karate is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deb Mukherjee starring Mithun Chakraborty Kaajal Kiran Yogeeta Bali and Mazhar Khan
 Old English is a 1930 American all-talking drama film directed by Alfred E. Green and produced by Warner Bros.. The film is based on the 1924 Broadway play of the same name by John Galsworthy. The film stars George Arliss Leon Janney Betty Lawford and Doris Lloyd.
 Kuttyedathi (Malayalam: കുട്ട്യേടത്തി English: Kutty the Elder Sister) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Widely regarded as one of the best South Indian films made in the 1970s. The other cast and crew- Music M.S.Baburaj Cinematography Ashok Kumar Operative cameraman P. S.
 Such a Little Queen is a 1914 American silent film starring Mary Pickford. It is based on a 1909 play by Channing Pollock which starred Elsie Ferguson. This film would later be remade in 1921 with Constance Binney in the lead. Cinematographer Ernest Haller was in charge of photography on both films. The 1914 film is now considered a lost film. It is described as being a romantic comedy in five parts.
 How Sweet It Is! is a 1968 comedy movie starring James Garner and Debbie Reynolds with a supporting cast including Terry-Thomas and Paul Lynde.Garner plays a photographer who brings his wife Jenny and teenage son David along on a Paris shoot with both husband and wife struggling to stay faithful under extreme temptation. The film was written by Muriel Resnik (from her novel The Girl in the Turquoise Bikini) Garry Marshall and Jerry Belson and directed by Jerry Paris.
 Enemigos (Enemies) is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Old Bookkeeper is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Sparrow is a 2010 Polish-British slasher horror film directed by Shaun Troke written by Matthew Mosley and Justin Di Febo and produced by independent filmmaker Wojciech Stuchlik. The film stars Jack W. Carter Alexis Jayne Defoe Eric Kolelas Sarah Linda Thomas James Longley and Faye Sewell.The story follows a group of friends on a weekend camping trip to a forest.
 Guerilla from the North (Spanish: El guerrillero del norte) is a 1983 Mexican drama film directed by Francisco Guerrero. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Don't is a 1974 short American documentary film following the life cycle of the Monarch butterfly directed by Robin Lehman. It won an Academy Award at the 47th Academy Awards in 1975 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Maan Apmaan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by N.V. Deshpande.
 Dangerous to Know is a 1938 crime film starring Anna May Wong Akim Tamiroff Gail Patrick Lloyd Nolan and Anthony Quinn. The movie was directed by Robert Florey. Bosley Crowther of The New York Times called the film a second-rate melodrama hardly worthy of the talents of its generally capable cast.
 There's a Girl in My Soup is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn.Sellers appears as Robert Danvers a vain womanizing and wealthy host of a high-profile cooking show. He meets Hawn's character a no-nonsense American hippie living with an English rock musician in London and to everyone's surprise falls for her.She moves in with him and accompanies him on a trip to a wine festival in France.
 Hayride to Hell is a 1995 Australian short subject directed and written by Kimble Rendall. It tells the story of salesman George Weygate who comes across a girl begging for his help. Only shown in late night art houses the film has never been widely released. It is believed that Kylie Minogue became involved in the project as a favour to the director whom she would work with five years later on the film Cut (2000).
 The Asphalt Jungle is a 1950 film noir directed by John Huston. The caper film is based on the novel of the same name by W. R. Burnett and stars an ensemble cast including Sterling Hayden Jean Hagen Sam Jaffe Louis Calhern James Whitmore and in a minor but key role Marilyn Monroe an unknown at the time who was pictured but not mentioned on the posters.The film tells the story of a group of men planning and executing a jewel robbery.
 Nynne is a Danish film directed by Jonas Elmer starring Mille Dinesen. It is based on the bestselling Danish novel Nynnes dagbog (en. Nynne's Diary) by Henriette Lind Lotte Thorsen and Anette Vestergaard which again was based on a popular newspaper column in Politiken. Nynne was the fourth-most seen film total in theaters in Denmark in 2005 with 429301 tickets sold. (The most seen was Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire). Dinesen reprised the role in a short series the following year.
 Wish You Were Here is a 1987 British Comedy-drama film starring Emily Lloyd and Tom Bell and was written and directed by David Leland. The original music score was composed by Stanley Myers.
 Brief Encounter is a 1974 British-Italian drama film starring Richard Burton and Sophia Loren adapted from the play Still Life by Noël Coward. The material was previously adapted for the 1945 film Brief Encounter. Burton was cast at the last moment after Robert Shaw dropped out. Popular Dad's Army actor John Le Mesurier had a small part in the film. The film had its premiere on U.S. television on 12 November 1974 as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series on NBC.
 The Wolf Woman is a 1916 silent era drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum Howard C. Hickman and Charles Ray.It was directed by Raymond B. West and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
 Shadow is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Meher Ramesh and produced by Paruchuri Kireeti under United Movies banner. The film stars Venkatesh Tapsee Srikanth and Madhurima in the lead roles. The film was released on 26 April 2013.
 You Can Count on Me is a 2000 American drama film starring Laura Linney Mark Ruffalo Rory Culkin and Matthew Broderick. Written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan it tells the story of Sammy a single mother living in a small town and her complicated relationships with family and friends. The story takes place in the fictionalized Catskill communities of Scottsville and Auburn New York.
 Scratch-As-Catch-Can is a 1932 American short comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 5th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Comedy).
 Mother of the Bride (Arabic: أم العروسة‎ translit. Omm el aroussa) is a 1963 Egyptian comedy film directed by Atef Salem. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Gun Belt is a 1953 romantic Western drama film.
 The Allnighter is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Tamar Simon Hoffs released on May 1 1987. The movie stars Susanna Hoffs Dedee Pfeiffer Joan Cusack and Pam Grier.
 Inkaar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Sniper: Reloaded is a 2011 direct-to-video action film. It is a continuation of the 1993 theatrically released Sniper the 2002 TV movie Sniper 2 and the 2004 direct-to-video Sniper 3. Filming took place in South Africa in 2010.
 Sa Paraiso ni Efren (English Title: Efren's Paradise) is a 1999 Tagalog-language Filipino film that tackles emotional entanglements that interweave an unusual four-way relationship. Melvin a social worker meets handsome stripper Efren and they become friends. When Melvin's mother dies he moves in with Efren and his three female roommates.
 The Fabulous World of Jules Verne (Czech: Vynález zkázy literally The Deadly Invention or An Invention for Destruction) is a 1958 Czechoslovak adventure film directed by Karel Zeman. Based on several works by Jules Verne primarily his 1896 novel Facing the Flag the film evokes the original illustrations for Verne's works by combining live actors with various forms of animation.
 Tower of London is a 1939 black-and-white historical film and quasi-horror film released by Universal Pictures and directed by Rowland V. Lee. It stars Basil Rathbone as the future Richard III of England and Boris Karloff as his fictitious club-footed executioner Mord. Vincent Price appears as George Duke of Clarence.
 Pirate Story (aka Pirate Story 3D/4D/5D) is a 2011 computer animated that is shown in 4D cinemas. The short is a action adventure film.
 Disloque en Mar del Plata is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Venmegam is a 2014 Tamil film directed by director duo Ram-Laxman and produced by Sujatha Sunitha Combines. The film features Vidharth and Ishara Nair in the lead roles while Jaffer Hanni composes the film's music. The film was released on 21 February 2014 to mixed reviews.
 King of the Zombies (1941) horror comedy film produced by Monogram Pictures.
 This Space Between Us is a 1999 film directed by Matthew Leutwyler. It stars Jeremy Sisto and Poppy Montgomery. It won the Moxie Award at the 2000 Santa Monica Film Festival.
 Journey of a Red Fridge is a 2007 documentary film about 17-year-old porter Hari Rai working in the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal. It was directed by Lucian and Natasa Muntean (aka Lunam Docs) a Serbian independent documentary production duo specializing in telling the stories of working children. Journey of a Red Fridge was produced in association with The Global Fund for Children.
 'Mon Jekane Hridoy Sekane' also (Bengali: 'মন যেখানে হৃদয় সেখানে') is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Shahin Shomon. it's a Fully love with family drama story based film. Stars Shakib Khan Apu Biswas Nirab Hossain (debut) Rotna Bobita and many more.
 Jeewan Jyoti also Jeevan Jyoti is a 1953 Bollywood film directed by Mahesh Kaul. It is the debut film of Shammi Kapoor. It co stars Shashikala Leela Mishra and Chand Usmani.
 Khomeini's Boys is a Channel 4 documentary film centering on the lives of two friends and their families in Iran during the time of the Iran-Iraq War which spanned from 1980 to 1988. The film was made in Denmark by Iranian refugees who fled the country after the Iranian Revolution which saw the overthrow of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and rise to power of the Ayatollah Khomeini who founded the Islamic Republic of Iran.
 Como yo no hay dos is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Walk the Dark Street is a 1956 American film directed by Wyott Ordung.
 Mehmil is a 1972 film starring Shiv Kumar and Farah. It was produced and directed by Bibhuti Mitra with music by Ravindra Jain.
 Vathiyar (English: Teacher) is a 2006 Tamil action film directed by A. Venkatesh starring Arjun and Mallika Kapoor. It was released on November 10 2006 and was considered as above-average grosser at the Box Office.
 Thappu Thalangal (English: Wrong Notes) is a 1978 Tamil feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by R. Venkataraman starring Rajinikanth Saritha and Premila Joshi in the lead roles. Kamal Haasan made a special appearance in the film. It was made simultaneously and released in Kannada as Thappida Thaala. The film is a saga of emotional and selfish world of human feelings.
 SS United States: Lady in Waiting is a 2008 documentary film about the famed ocean liner SS United States which was in service from 1952 to 1969. It features interviews of many past crew members and passengers about the background construction service and life on board the SS United States. The film also focuses on the lighting up of the vessel by artist Robert Wogan while also showing footage of her glamorous years in service.
 Normal (also known as Angels Gone) is a film adaptation of playwright Anthony Neilson's 1991 work Normal: The Düsseldorf Ripper a fictional account of serial killer Peter Kürten's life told from the point of view of his defense lawyer. With Milan Kňažko as Kürten Dagmar Veškrnová as his wife and Pavel Gajdoš as his lawyer Dr. Justus Wehner; directed by Julius Ševčík lensed by Antonio Riestra. Released in Czech Republic on 26 March 2009.
 Our Dancing Daughters is a 1928 American silent drama film starring Joan Crawford and John Mack Brown (later billed after a career decline as Johnny Mack Brown) about the loosening of youth morals that took place during the 1920s. The film was directed by Harry Beaumont and produced by Hunt Stromberg.
 Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard (French: Arthur et la vengeance de Maltazard also known in English as Arthur and the Invisibles 2 or simply Arthur 2 as well as Arthur and the Great Adventure for its UK re-release) is a French feature film with live action and animation co-written co-produced and directed by Luc Besson based on his novel of the same title and starring Freddie Highmore and Mia Farrow.
 The Mother of Kings (Polish: Matka Królów) is a Polish drama film made in 1982 but not released until 1987 directed by Janusz Zaorski. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 Wonderful World is a 2009 drama film directed and written by Joshua Goldin who in this movie makes his directorial debut. The film stars Matthew Broderick Sanaa Lathan Michael K. Williams and Jodelle Ferland.The film was produced by Ambush Entertainment Back Lot Pictures and Cold Iron Pictures with K5 International handling the world sales. In the summer of 2009 the film was picked up by Magnolia Pictures for distribution in 2010. Filming took place in Shreveport Louisiana.
 The Morning After is a 1986 mystery film starring Jane Fonda Jeff Bridges and Raul Julia. The movie was written by James Hicks and David Rayfiel (uncredited). It was directed by Sidney Lumet. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress (Jane Fonda). Kathy Bates has a small cameo as a bystander.
 Farewell to the Duman River (두만강아 잘 있거라 Dumanganga jal itgeola) is a 1962 South Korean film. Celebrated director Im Kwon-taek's first film it became a huge hit establishing his reputation as a director and ensuring him a career in the film industry for the next decade.
 Breaking Wind is a 2012 vampire spoof film based on the Twilight film series directed by Craig Moss. It stars Heather Ann Davis Eric Callero Frank Pacheco and Danny Trejo. Distributed by Lionsgate Home Entertainment which ironically became in 2012 a sister company to Twilight studio Summit Entertainment it wound up released only on DVD in the United States.
 Shatranj Ke Khilari (Hindi: शतरंज के खिलाड़ी; The Chess Players) is a 1977 Indian film by Bengali director Satyajit Ray based on Munshi Premchand's short story of the same name. Amjad Khan plays the role of Wajid Ali Shah King of Awadh and Richard Attenborough plays the role of General James Outram. The film also features the actors Sanjeev Kumar Saeed Jaffrey Shabana Azmi David Abraham and Tom Alter.Unlike most of Ray's films the dialogue in the film is in Urdu and Hindi.
 Strogoff is a European adventure film directed in 1970 by Eriprando Visconti. It was an international co-production between Italy West Germany (where it was released as Der Kurier des Zaren) and France (where is known with the title Michel Strogoff). It is based on the Jules Verne's novel Michael Strogoff reinterpreted through the lens of psychological realism.
 Young Adult is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman from a screenplay written by Diablo Cody and starring Charlize Theron. Reitman and Cody worked together previously on Juno (2007). Young Adult had a limited release on December 9 2011 and a wide release on December 16 to generally positive reviews.
 Kentucky Blue Streak is a 1935 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.The film is also known as The Blue Streak in the United Kingdom.
 Domani è un altro giorno (Italian: Tomorrow is another day) is a 1951 Italian film.
 Cyclone is a 1987 science fiction action film about a woman who must keep the ultimate motorcycle from falling into the wrong hands. The film was directed by Fred Olen Ray and stars Heather Thomas Jeffrey Combs and Martin Landau.
 No Babies Wanted is a 1928 silent film domestic drama released under the alternative title The Baby Mother. It starred child actress Priscilla Moran (b. 1917) and seasoned silent veteran William V. Mong as her grandfather. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Johnny Suede is the 1991 film directorial debut of writer-director Tom DiCillo and starred Brad Pitt and Catherine Keener with early appearances from Samuel L. Jackson and Nick Cave.
 Josephine is a 2001 English-language Croatian film directed by Rajko Grlić. It was shown at several international film festivals in 2001 but was never released to theatres as the production company filed for bankruptcy during the film's post-production.
 Helle for Helene is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Birgitte Bruun.
 Vigilante 3D (Nepali: भिजिलान्ते) is a Nepali Social Thriller film released in April 5 2013. Directed by Dipendra K. Khanal and starring subash thapa Priyanka Karki Raj Ghimire Menuka PradhanSubash and Sikha Shahi the movie is notable as the first Nepali film to be filmed using 3D Anaglyph stereoscopic 3D effect. Unfortunately owing to technical difficulties at many cinemas the film was only released in 3D to three cinemas with other patrons seeing a 2D version instead.
 Seiji: Riku no Sakana (セイジ　陸の魚) is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed by Yusuke Iseya.
 Densha Otoko (電車男 translated as Train Man) is a 2005 Japanese film starring Takayuki Yamada and Miki Nakatani. It is part of the Densha Otoko franchise. The film was a big success at the box office making the story of Densha Otoko popular. It was directed by Shosuke Murakami. The screenplay was written by Arisa Kaneko and was based on the original book by Hitori Nakano.
 War on Terror is an Austrian documentary film about the War on Terror initiated by U.S. president George W. Bush in 2001. The film features interviews with Manfred Nowak who was United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture from 2004 to 2010 Amy Goodman the host and co-founder of Democracy Now! and the U.S. historian Alfred W.
 Sweet Mama (1930) is an all-talking comedy drama film with songs released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Edward F. Cline. The movie stars Alice White David Manners Kenneth Thomson and Rita Flynn. Planned as a full-scale musical and released as such for a short time in the summer of 1930 most of the songs were cut from general release prints by the autumn of 1930 due to the public's aversion for musicals.
 Music Hath Charms is a 1935 British musical film directed by Thomas Bentley. Walter Summers Arthur B. Woods and Alexander Esway and starring Henry Hall Carol Goodner and Arthur Margetson.
 The Reader (French title: La Lectrice) is a 1988 film based on Raymond Jean's novel La Lectrice.
 Jiný vzduch is a 1939 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 A City Decides is a 1956 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the racial integration of St. Louis Public Schools. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Ultime grida dalla savana (1975) (English: Final Cry of the Savanna) also known as La Grande caccia and by its English title Savage Man Savage Beast is a Mondo documentary directed by Antonio Climati and Mario Morra. Filmed all around the world its central theme focuses on hunting and the interaction between man and animal. More specifically the film documents various forms of hunting that can be found in the world and how humans and animals can both become the hunter or prey.
 The Oxford Murders is a 2008 film directed by Álex de la Iglesia. This thriller film is adapted from the novel of the same name by Argentine mathematician and writer Guillermo Martínez. The film stars Elijah Wood John Hurt Spanish actress Leonor Watling and Julie Cox.
 Cellar Dweller is a 1988 horror film about a comic book artist who unleashes a demon after drawing it. It was directed by John Carl Buechler written by Don Mancini (as Kit Du Bois) and stars Debrah Farentino and Brian Robbins.
 Akashangalil is an upcoming 2014 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Rixon Xavier starring Shankar in lead role.
 Dick Turpin's Ride is a 1951 American adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy and starring Louis Hayward Patricia Medina and Suzanne Dalbert. It follows the career of the eighteenth century highwaymen Dick Turpin. It is based on the poem Dick Turpin's Ride by Alfred Noyes. It is also known as The Lady and the Bandit.
 Front Page Story is a 1954 British drama film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Jack Hawkins Elizabeth Allan and Eva Bartok.
 Pattathu Raani is a 1992 Tamil comedy film directed by Manivasagam. The film features Vijayakumar and Gouthami in lead roles with an ensemble supporting cast including Manorama Goundamani Janagaraj Senthil Delhi Ganesh and Manivasagam. The film produced by Rajeswari Manivasagam and P.S. Mani had musical score by Deva and was released on 14 August 1992.
 Lost In Woonsocket is a documentary feature film directed by John Chester. It stars Chester and Andre Miller co-creators of the A&E Network documentary series Random 1 from which the film draws much of its content. It concerns Mark and Normand characters featured in episodes 4 and 10 of Random 1's single season and their attempts to stay sober after being brought out of destitution by Chester Miller and the Random 1 organization.
 Mass (Telugu: మాస్) is a 2004 Tollywood film written and directed by Raghava Lawrence. The film has Akkineni Nagarjuna and Jyothika in lead roles with Charmme Kaur playing a supporting role. Akkineni Nagarjuna also produced the film on his home production Annapurna Studios. The film released on 23 December 2004. The film was dubbed into Tamil with the title Veeran which also became a blockbuster and Hindi as Meri Jung – One Man Army.
 For the 1921 film version see The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (film).The 4 Horsemen of the Apocalypse is a 1962 drama film loosely based on the novel by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez. It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and starred Glenn Ford Ingrid Thulin Charles Boyer Lee J. Cobb Paul Lukas Yvette Mimieux Karlheinz Böhm and Paul Henreid.
 What Doesn't Kill You is a 2008 American crime drama based on the true life story of the film's director Brian Goodman detailing his own exploits involved with South Boston's Irish Mob. Starring Ethan Hawke and Mark Ruffalo it premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and was released on a very small scale in December 2008 due to the collapse of its distributor Yari Film Group.
 Zokkomon (Hindi: ज़ॉक्कोमॉन) is 2011 Bollywood action superhero film released by Disney World Cinemas written and directed by Satyajit Bhatkal. Starring Darsheel Safary in the leading role Zokkomon is Disney's fourth involvement in a production for the Indian market (after the computer-animated Roadside Romeo Tollywood movie Anaganaga O Dheerudu and the live-action Do Dooni Chaar). The music has been composed by Shankar Ehsaan Loy.
 Exit Smiling is a 1926 comedy film directed by Sam Taylor and starring New York and London revues star Beatrice Lillie on her first (and only silent) film role and Jack Pickford the brother of star Mary Pickford. The film was also the debut of actor Franklin Pangborn. This film is available on DVD from the Warner Archives Collection.
 Mandira is a 1990 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Pahlaj Nihalani. The film features actors Prosenjit ChatterjeeIndrani Haldar and Sonam in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.
 El Inmigrante (The Immigrant) is a 2005 documentary directed and written by brothers David and John Eckenrode along with John Sheedy about immigrant deaths along the U.S.-Mexico border. The film documents the story of the fatal encounter between Mexican migrant Eusebio de Haro Espinosa and elderly Texan Sam Blackwood close to Blackwood’s property near the international border.
 The Crooked Billet is a 1929 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Madeleine Carroll Carlyle Blackwell and Miles Mander. It was released in both silent and sound versions as its production came as the industry was shifting over. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures at their Islington Studios.
 Rendu Jella Sita is a 1983 Telugu comedy film written and directed by Jandhyala.
 A-List is a 2006 American comedy film starring Sally Kirkland Damon Shalit JoAnna Garcia Peter Dobson Sam Pancake John Colton Chris Moir Daphne Zuniga and directed by Shira-Lee Shalit.
 Martyrs of the Alamo (also known as The Birth of Texas) is a 1915 American historical war drama film written and directed by Christy Cabanne. The film is based on the historical novel of the same name by Theodosia Harris and features an ensemble cast including Sam De Grasse Douglas Fairbanks Walter Long and Alfred Paget.While making claims to historical accuracy the film depicts the Mexican population in San Antonio in 1836 as a group of ill-mannered drunks.
 Special Delivery is a 1976 film directed by Paul Wendkos. It stars Bo Svenson and Cybill Shepherd.
 Aakhri Kasam is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Dinesh-Ramanesh. The film stars Kabir Bedi.
 Hallam Foe is a 2007 British drama film directed by David Mackenzie based on the novel written by Peter Jinks. The film was released in the United States as Mister Foe. The screenplay was written by Ed Whitmore and David Mackenzie.Hallam Foe premiered at the Berlin Film Festival on 16 February 2007 and competed for the Golden Bear for Best Motion Picture. The film won the Silver Bear for Best Music.The film was released in the UK on 31 August 2007 and in the US on 5 September 2008.
 Simón Bolívar is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dish Dogs is a direct-to-DVD romantic comedy film released in 2000. It stars Sean Astin and Matthew Lillard and was directed by Robert Kubilos. The film is about the relationship between two friends and when they find love they must both go their separate ways. The movie was actually shot and completed in 1998.
 Death in Brunswick is an acclaimed 1990 black comedy/romance starring Sam Neill Zoe Carides and John Clarke. It is based on the 1987 comic novel of the same name by Boyd Oxlade.
 36 China Town is a 2006 Bollywood comedy murder mystery film directed by Abbas-Mustan. A Bollywood adaptation of Once Upon A Crime (1992) the film is a murder mystery that follows the investigation of a police officer trying to find the killer of a wealthy casino owner Sonia Chang.
 Let's Dance is a 2009 Bollywood film that stars Gayatri Patel Ajay Chaudhary and Aquib Afzal in the lead roles. It is directed and edited by Aarif Sheikh.
 Detour is a 2009 Norwegian horror/thriller film written and directed by Severin Eskeland starring Marte Christensen and Sondre Krogtoft Larsen. When a Norwegian couple are instructed by a policemen to take a detour through the Swedish forests a series of strange and horrifying events follow.
 Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (also known as Night at the Museum 2 or Night at the Museum 2: Battle of the Smithsonian) is a 2009 American adventure comedy film directed by Shawn Levy and starring Ben Stiller Amy Adams Owen Wilson Robin Williams Hank Azaria Jon Bernthal and Steve Coogan. The film is a sequel to Night at the Museum.A third installment tentatively titled Night at the Museum 3 is scheduled to be released in theaters on December 19 2014.
 Sleepless Night (French: Nuit Blanche) is a 2011 French-Belgian-Luxembourgian thriller film directed and co-written by Frederic Jardin. The film stars Tomer Sisley as Vincent a police detective who plans to rob a pair of drug couriers when he finds that the cocaine he has is owned by nightclub owner and drug dealer Jose Marciano (Serge Riaboukine). Marciano kidnaps Vincent's son with the demand that he will be returned if his cocaine is returned.
 Extraterrestrial (Spanish: Extraterrestre) is a 2011 Spanish science-fiction romantic comedy. Directed by Nacho Vigalondo (in his second feature) it stars Michelle Jenner Julian Villagran and Carlos Areces.It was filmed in Cantabria in northern Spain and premiered in Spain on March 23 2012.
 Lounge Chair (French: La méridienne) is a 1988 Swiss-French drama film directed by Jean-François Amiguet. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Sisterhood is a homoerotic horror movie released in 2004 directed by David DeCoteau.
 The War in Space released in Japan as Great Planet War: THE WAR IN SPACE (惑星大戦争 THE WAR IN SPACE Wakusei Daisensō: Za uō in Supēsu) is a tokusatsu science fiction film produced and released by Toho Studios in 1977.
 Copenhagen is a 2002 British television film by director Howard Davies from Michael Frayn's 1998 Tony Award-winning play of the same name.
 Kabloonak (Inuit for White Person non-Inuit) is a 1994 film about the making of Nanook of the North a 1922 film about an Inuk called Nanook (polar bear; in modern Inuktitut spelling: nanuq) and his family in the Canadian Arctic more specifically in the Port Harrison (Inukjuak) area; which was known then as Cape Dufferin. The movie was shot in Siberia and the Northwest Territories. It premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival in August 1994.
 Winter is a Malayalam slasher-horror-thriller film starring Jayaram Bhavana released in the year 2009. It was directed by Dipu Karunakaran and produced by K. Radhakrishnan. The music is scored by Raj Krishnan. Later the film was Dubbed into Tamil as Bhayam Bhayam released in 2012
 Jaandaar is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by S.K. Lutha. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Nirupa Roy .
 A Mother's Story is a 2011 Filipino family drama film about Medy (Pokwang) who became an illegal immigrant in the United States and her struggles as she achieves legal status. The film deals with what the OFWs go through in the United States. This is the first film produced by The Filipino Channel and distributed by ABS-CBN International and Star Cinema.The film had its premiere in Los Angeles on November 6 2011. The film was released in Philippine cinemas on January 8 2012.
 Baharen Phir Bhi Aayengi is a 1966 Hindi-language film produced by Guru Dutt and directed by Shaheed Latif. It stars Mala Sinha Dharmendra Tanuja and Rehman. The film is still remembered for its music is by O.P. Nayyar and lyrics by Sheven Rizvi Aziz Kashmiri and for its expressionistic cinematography by K.G. Prabhakar.
 Crazy Watto is a two-minute-long fan film that made its debut on the internet in 2000. The film is a spoof of used car deal ads shown on television featuring Watto from Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace . Watto offers up for sale familiar ships (and objects) such as an X-Wing with genuine battle marks used in the Battle of Yavin for $599.99 and an AT-AT for $999.99.
 Pump Up the Volume is a 1990 comedy-drama film written and directed by Allan Moyle and starring Christian Slater and Samantha Mathis.
 Tales of the Night (French: Les Contes de la nuit) is a 1992 French silhouette animation television special written and directed by Michel Ocelot. It aired on Canal+ in France ZDF in Germany and Channel 4 in the United Kingdom. It is a trilogy of three further fairy tales in much the same format as Ciné si.
 Once Upon a Time in the West (Italian: C'era una volta il West) is a 1968 Italian/American epic Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Leone for Paramount Pictures. It stars Henry Fonda cast against type as the villain Charles Bronson as his nemesis Jason Robards as a bandit and Claudia Cardinale as a newly widowed homesteader with a past as a prostitute. The screenplay was written by Leone and Sergio Donati from a story devised by Leone Bernardo Bertolucci and Dario Argento.
 Albert R.N. is a 1953 British war film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Anthony Steel.
 The Dino King is the United States title for the 3D Korean computer-generated film Speckles the Tarbosaurus (점박이: 한반도의 공룡 3D: Jumbagi: Hanbandoui gongryong 3D) first released in Korea in January 2012.
 One Missed Call is a 2008 American supernatural horror film and remake of Takashi Miike's 2003 Japanese film One Missed Call which itself was based on the Yasushi Akimoto novel Chakushin Ari. The film was released in North America on January 4 2008 and was directed by Eric Valette and written by Andrew Klavan. The film starring Shannyn Sossamon was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
 The Maid is a 2005 Singaporean horror film telling of a maid recently arriving from the Philippines. She has to acclimate herself to the customs of the Chinese Ghost Month during which she struggles with supernatural forces.
 Robowar (also known as Robot da guerra) is a 1988 Italian science fiction-action-horror film starring Reb Brown Catherine Hickland and Massimo Vanni. Directed by Bruno Mattei under his most common pseudonym Vincent Dawn and written by the husband and wife team of Claudio Fragasso and Rosella Drudi Robowar is an Italian-style rip-off of the 1987 American film Predator in the tradition of Shocking Dark and Strike Commando both also directed by Mattei.
 Reunion in Rhythm (also known as Our Gang Follies of 1937) is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 150th Our Gang short (151st episode and 62nd talking episode) that was released.
 Loco Boy Makes Good is the 60th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 La bella Antonia prima monica e poi dimonia also known as Naughty Nun is a 1972 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.
 'Tis Pity She's a Whore (Italian: Addio fratello crudele also known as Peccato che sia una puttana) is a 1971 Italian romance-drama film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi. It is based on the tragedy with the same name written by John Ford.
 Dust is a 2009 film by Luxembourgian director Max Jacoby.
 Billy's Rival is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood and Louise Lester.
 Jukti Takko Aar Gappo (Jukti tôkko aːr gôppo English: Reason Debate and a Story) is a 1974 Bengali film directed by Ritwik Ghatak. Jukti Takko Aar Gappo was Ritwik Ghatak's last film. The film won National Film Award's Rajat Kamal Award for Best Story in 1974.The film is considered technically superior to other films of that era due to its camera work.
 Dead End Run is a 2003 film directed by Japanese cult film director Sogo Ishii notable for Ishii's trademark flashy visual style.The film has little plot to speak of but is instead divided into three short episodes each of which opens with a man desperately running away before being trapped in a dead end where something out-of-the-ordinary occurs. The episodes include a musical number a Mexican stand-off and a police pursuit.
 Camp Cuddly Pines Powertool Massacre is a 2005 pornographic horror comedy film released by Wicked Pictures. The film originally released on September 14 2005 is the first adult film to be released on the HD DVD format.
 Baader is a 2002 German film directed by Christopher Roth. It is a biopic about revolutionary Andreas Baader of the notorious Red Army Faction (the Baader-Meinhof Gang) which operated mainly in West Germany during the 1970s.The leading roles are played by Frank Giering (Andreas Baader) and Laura Tonke (Gudrun Ennslin). Birge Schade portrays Ulrike Meinhof.Though the script is inspired by real-life persons and events the storyline of the film continuously mixes fact and fiction.
 Dr. Vidya (Hindi: डॉक्टर विद्या) is a 1962 Hindi Black-and-white Romantic family film written by Mohan Segal and directed by Rajendra Bhatia. The film starred Vyjayanthimala in title role and Manoj Kumar in the lead with Leela Chitnis Nasir Hussain Helen Sunder Madan Puri Prem Chopra and Mumtaz Begum forms an ensemble cast. The film was produced by Mohan Segal with his own banner Deluxe Films. The films score was composed by S. D.
 Il giorno del furore (UK title: Fury and 'One Russian Summer') is a 1973 Italian film. It stars Oliver Reed and Claudia Cardinale.
 Faust (German: Faust – Eine deutsche Volkssage) is a 1926 silent film produced by UFA directed by F. W. Murnau starring Gösta Ekman as Faust Emil Jannings as Mephisto Camilla Horn as Gretchen/Marguerite Frida Richard as her mother Wilhelm Dieterle as her brother and Yvette Guilbert as Marthe Schwerdtlein her aunt. Murnau's film draws on older traditions of the legendary tale of Faust as well as on Goethe's classic version.
 Tony: Another Double Game also known as Tony: The Other Side of Violent Turin (in original Italian Tony l'altra faccia della Torino violenta ) is a 1980 poliziotteschi film. This film by Carlo Ausino is a sequel to Double Game.
 Por Trás do Pano is a 1999 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed by Luiz Villaça. It stars Denise Fraga Pedro Cardoso Luís Melo Ester Góes and Marisa Orth.
 God for Sale: Daivam Vilppanakku is a 2013 Malayalam satirical drama film written and directed by Babu Janardhanan and starring Kunchacko Boban in the lead role with Jyothi Krishna Suraj Venjaramoodu Anumol Tini Tom and Thilakan plays other pivotal roles. The film focusses on the fraudulent spiritual leaders and demigods who are rising in numbers and tackles it with a satirical tinge. This was the last movie in which Thilakan acted before his death.
 Educating Rita is a 1983 drama/comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert with a screenplay by Willy Russell based on Russell's stage play. The film stars Michael Caine Julie Walters and Maureen Lipman. It won multiple major awards for best actor and best actress and was nominated for three Oscars.
 Una ragazza piuttosto complicata (internationally released as A Complicated Girl) is a 1968 Italian giallo film directed by Damiano Damiani. For her performance in this film and in Metti una sera a cena Florinda Bolkan was awarded with a Golden Plate at the 1968 Edition of David di Donatello.
 Sökarna (literally The Searchers) is a 1993 Swedish crime film directed by Daniel Fridell and Peter Cartriers. Liam Norberg stars as Jocke a young criminal who after serving jail time becomes a successful bank robber and drug dealer. The story is set in an alternative visually stylized Stockholm in the early 1990s. A sequel Sökarna: Återkomsten was produced in 2006.A month before the premiere Norberg was arrested for a robbery he had committed in 1990 and sentenced to five years in jail.
 Summer Place Wanted (Swedish: Sommarnöje sökes) is a 1957 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Abominable is a 2006 horror film directed and written by Ryan Schifrin. The film stars Matt McCoy Jeffrey Combs Lance Henriksen Rex Linn Dee Wallace Phil Morris Paul Gleason and Haley Joel. Despite the title the antagonist of the film is the cryptid Bigfoot. The film premiered on April 10 2006 in New York City. The music is scored by Lalo Schifrin which patterned on Les Baxter's score to The Beast Within.
 Going in Style is a 1979 caper film written and directed by Martin Brest. It stars George Burns Art Carney Lee Strasberg and Charles Hallahan. The casino scenes were shot at the Aladdin Hotel & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip.
 Stuck on You! is a 1982 comedy film directed by Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz of Troma Entertainment. Stuck on You! was the third in a series of four sexy comedies that helped establish Troma beginning with 1979's smash hit Squeeze Play! 1981's Waitress! and followed by 1983's The First Turn-On!.The film supposedly inspired by the writings of Tom Lehrer and Stan Freberg follows estranged couple Bill and Carol who are in a palimony suit against each other.
 Fantaghirò 4 (alternately titled as The Cave of the Golden Rose 4) is the fourth film from the Fantaghirò series. It is directed by Lamberto Bava and stars Alessandra Martines as the title character. The film was released on television as a two-parter and is known in some releases as Fantaghirò 7 and Fantaghirò 8. This film featured very few returning characters from the previous films and most notable is that Kim Rossi Stuart the hero of the previous films did not return at all.
 An upcoming romantic comedy film currently untitled (initially titled Deep Tiki) will be directed by Cameron Crowe and is adapted from his own screenplay. The film stars Bradley Cooper Emma Stone Rachel McAdams Alec Baldwin Bill Murray John Krasinski Danny McBride and Jay Baruchel. The film is scheduled to be released on December 25 2014.
 Big Nothing is a 2006 British crime black comedy film directed by Jean-Baptiste Andrea starring David Schwimmer and Simon Pegg. It was released in December 2006 and had its premiere at Cardiff Film Festival in November 2006.Big Nothing was filmed on the Isle of Man and in Wales at Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan and at Caerwent and other areas of Monmouthshire. Other scenes were at Squamish British Columbia Canada.
 Bombay Talkies is a 2013 Indian anthology film consisting of four short films directed by Anurag Kashyap Dibakar Banerjee Zoya Akhtar and Karan Johar. The film released on 3 May 2013 coinciding with and celebrating the centenary year of Indian cinema and the beginning of a new era in modern cinema. It was screened at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival on 17 May 2013.
 Pour Un Maillot Jaune is a French 1965 documentary – described as a cinematic tribute – about the 1965 Tour de France. It was made by the French film director Claude Lelouch. Lelouch is best known as the director of Un Homme et Une Femme (A Man and a Woman in English) in 1966.
 Voyage in Time (Italian: Tempo di Viaggio) is a 63-minute feature documentary that documents the travels in Italy of the director Andrei Tarkovsky with the script writer Tonino Guerra in preparation for the making of his film Nostalghia. In addition to the preparation of Nostalghia their conversations cover a wide range of matters filmmaking or not.
 A Place in Heaven (Hebrew: Makom be-gan eden‎) is 2013 Israeli drama film written and directed by Yossi Madmoni. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Pax Americana and the Weaponization of Space is a documentary film by Denis Delestrac with a music score by Amon Tobin. The film deals with the issue of space weapons and their politics featuring interviews with several key United States military personal academics such as Noam Chomsky and others including Martin Sheen. The film won the Best Documentary award at the 2009 Whistler Film Festival and has been selected in a number of international film festivals.
 Lovesick is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Luke Matheny and written by Dean Young. The film stars Matt LeBlanc Ali Larter Rachael Harris Chevy Chase Ashley Williams and Kristen Johnston.It is the story of Charlie Darby who has everything going for him: a great job friends family the whole package. The one thing Charlie doesn't have is love because every time he gets close he goes clinically insane.
 The River is a 1938 short documentary film which shows the importance of the Mississippi River to the United States and how farming and timber practices had caused topsoil to be swept down the river and into the Gulf of Mexico leading to catastrophic floods and impoverishing farmers.
 Sharafat Chod Di Maine is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Jagdev Bhambri.
 Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka is a 1975 Bollywood Hindi language drama film directed by Devendra Goel. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Dharmendra .
 Bloody Birthday is a 1981 slasher film directed by Ed Hunt and produced by Gerald T. Olson.
 Prince Bayaya (Czech: Bajaja) is a 1950 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Trnka.
 National Lampoon's Vacation sometimes referred to as Vacation is a 1983 Technicolor comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and starring Chevy Chase Beverly D'Angelo Randy Quaid Dana Barron and Anthony Michael Hall. John Candy Imogene Coca Christie Brinkley and Jane Krakowski appear in supporting roles.The screenplay was written by John Hughes based on his short story Vacation '58 which appeared in National Lampoon.
 Martial Outlaw is a 1993 action/martial arts film written by Thomas Ritz produced by Pierre David directed by Kurt Anderson and stars Jeff Wincott Gary Hudson and Richard Jaeckel.
 Sebastian and the Sparrow is a 1988 Australian film directed by Scott Hicks. Hicks says he wanted to make the movie as a film he could watch with his teenage son:It was a kind of junior buddy movie with the theme of two people who envied each other's life. To Sebastian Sparrow has the perfect life: nobody's on his back he can do what he likes. It looks like glorious freedom. But to Sparrow the constraints of that life are very real.
 Ilayarajavin Rasikai is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian unreleased feature film directed by Devaraj-Mohan starring Shivachandran and Unni Mary in lead roles.
 The War on Kids is a 2009 documentary film about the American school system. The film takes a look at public school education in America and concludes that schools are not only failing to educate but are increasingly authoritarian institutions more akin to prisons that are eroding the foundations of American democracy. Students are robbed of basic freedoms primarily due to irrational fears; they are searched arbitrarily punished and force-fed dangerous pharmaceutical drugs.
 'Shuva' also (Bengali: 'সুভা' is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film released in 2006 all over Bandladesh. It is directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam. The story is based on Rabindra Nath Thakur's novel Shuvashini. The film was produced and distributed by Impress Telefilm Ltd. It stars Shakib Khan Purnima Chashi Nazrul Islam and Sujata. Shakib Khan And Purnima receive the highest accolades for their performance.
 Yellow Lily is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Billie Dove Clive Brook and Gustav von Seyffertitz. The film closely followed the formula of Korda's first American film The Stolen Bride.
 The Demon (Kichiku) is a 1978 Japanese psychological drama directed by Yoshitaro Nomura and written by Masato Ide based on the novel by Seicho Matsumoto.
 Kaatrinile Varum Geetham is a 1978 Tamil Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman for Vijayabhaskar Films. The film stars Muthuraman and Kavitha in the lead roles.
 Intolerance is a 1916 American silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and is considered one of the great masterpieces of the Silent Era. The three-and-a-half hour epic intercuts four parallel storylines each separated by several centuries: (1) A contemporary melodrama of crime and redemption; (2) a Judean story: Christ’s mission and death; (3) a French story: the events surrounding the St.
 Angaaray is a 1998 Hindi language action film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. This film is inspired by the Hollywood film State of Grace. Akshay Kumar did a lot of dangerous stunts like jumping from one moving bus to another hanging on to a speeding bus with only his legs and jumping from a 6-floor building to a 3-floor building which are apart by 45 feet at one stretch for this movie. Mahesh Bhatt again used the same theme in his movie Footpath starring Aftab Shivdasani & directed by Vikram Bhatt.
 This Stuff'll Kill Ya! is a 1971 film.
 Zanna Bianca alla riscossa (internationally released as White Fang to the Rescue) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Tonino Ricci. It is an unofficial sequel of Lucio Fulci's White Fang in which Ricci was second unit director. The film received mixed reviews.
 Daddy Longlegs is a 2009 American independent film directed by the New York based brothers Josh Safdie and Benny Safdie and produced by Tom Scott and Casey Neistat. It premiered at the 2009 Directors' Fortnight section of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival under the title Go Get Some Rosemary. It premiered in the United States at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival in the non-competitive Spotlight section.
 Room of Death (French: La Chambre des morts) is a 2007 French crime film based on the novel by Franck Thilliez.
 The Fish Are Safe is a 1986 Australian TV movie directed by Noni Hazlehurst. It was filmed March-May 1986.
 Aldri mer 13! (13 Never Again!) is a Norwegian film from 1996 directed by Sirin Eide and starring Sofie Cappelen
 Fantômas is a 1920 American crime film serial directed by Edward Sedgwick. The film is considered to be lost.
 Road House is a 1934 British comedy crime film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Violet Loraine Gordon Harker and Aileen Marson.
 5000 Miles is a 2006 American documentary by filmmaker Michael Rozumalski that tells the story of a young couple adopting a child from Poland.This independent film was produced for an estimated $120000 and was primarily filmed by Rozumalski. The story begins in Wisconsin and takes the audience to Nowa Sól Poland (5000 miles away). The film spans almost two years in the life of Rozumalski and his wife Amy.
 The Da Vinci Treasure is a 2006 mystery film produced by American studio The Asylum and directed by Peter Mervis.This direct-to-video film release was noted as being an exploitation of the film The Da Vinci Code (also called a mockbuster) since it uses part of the title and several of the plot elements of the Dan Brown story. It was released to video in the same month as the The Da Vinci Code movie.
 Our Vines Have Tender Grapes is an American drama film released in 1945 which was directed by Roy Rowland starring Edward G. Robinson and Margaret O'Brien.
 A Suitcase For a Corpse (Italian: Il tuo dolce corpo da uccidere Spanish: Una maleta para un cadáver) is a 1970 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Alfonso Brescia.
 Killer Movie is a comedy horror film released in the United States in April 2008. The film premiered during the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival in New York City. It stars Paul Wesley Kaley Cuoco Jason London Torrey DeVitto and Leighton Meester and was written and directed by Jeff Fisher. Killer Movie was Produced by Cornelia Ryan Taylor Michael Sanchez and Jeff Fisher.
 The Only One (French: Vidange perdue) is a 2006 Belgian comedy-drama film. The film was directed by Geoffrey Enthoven and written by Jaak Boon and Enthoven. It was named best Belgian film of 2006 by the Belgian Film Critics Association winning the André Cavens Award and received two awards at the International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg.
 Mi querido capitán (My Dear Captain) is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Wolfhound (Russian: Волкодав Volkodav) is a 1991 Soviet action film by Mikhail Tumanishvili.
 Summer Interlude (Swedish: Sommarlek) is a 1951 Swedish drama film co-written and directed by Ingmar Bergman.
 Zephyr (Turkish: Zefir) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Belma Baş which tells the story of a young girl Zefir’s longing for her mother while staying with her grandparents for summer holidays in the beautiful mountains of the Black Sea region. The film was selected for the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival and the 35th Toronto International Film Festival where it premiered. It is a thematic sequel to the director's previous short Boreas (Turkish: Poyraz).
 Luang ta is a 1980 Thai film directed by Permphol Cheyaroon. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sleeping Bride (ガラスの脳 Garasu no Nō Glass Brain) is a Japanese 2000 tragic-romance film directed by Hideo Nakata based on a comic by Osamu Tezuka. It is probably best known to Western audiences for its inclusion in a Tartan Asia Extreme DVD release of the Ring trilogy which included it as a fourth Nakata feature unrelated to the Ring series.
 Red Shirts (Italian:Camicie rosse) is a 1952 French-Italian historical drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and Francesco Rosi and starring Anna Magnani Raf Vallone and Alain Cuny. The title refers to the historical Redshirts. It is also known as Anita Garibaldi. The film portrays the life of Anita Garibaldi (1821–1849) the wife of Italian unification leader Giuseppe Garibaldi.
 Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy drama based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Daniel Wallace. The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor Albert Finney Billy Crudup Jessica Lange and Marion Cotillard. Other roles are performed by Helena Bonham Carter Matthew McGrory and Danny DeVito among others. Finney plays Edward Bloom a former traveling salesman from the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling now confined to his deathbed.
 Idiots Deluxe is the 85th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film and the third film in the Toy Story series. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Directed by Lee Unkrich the screenplay was written by Michael Arndt while Unkrich wrote the story along with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton respectively director and co-writer of the first two films.
 Breakdown is a thriller film written and directed by Jonnie Malachi and starring Craig Fairbrass James Cosmo and Bruce Payne.
 Sundown Slim is a 1920 American silent western film starring Harry Carey.
 Il Monello della strada is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Borghesio.
 Captura recomendada is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Last Light is a 1993 film starring Forest Whitaker Kiefer Sutherland and Danny Trejo. The film was directed by Sutherland.
 Village of the Damned is a 1960 British science fiction film by German director Wolf Rilla. The film is a fairly faithful adaptation of the novel The Midwich Cuckoos (1957) by John Wyndham. The lead role of Professor Gordon Zellaby was played by George Sanders. This film was #92 on Bravo's 100 Scariest Movie Moments. A sequel Children of the Damned followed in 1963.A remake was released in 1995 also called Village of the Damned.
 Human Scramble -RAIN- (人間交差点　雨 Ningen Kōsaten: Ame) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
 Teenage Rebel is a 1956 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Ginger Rogers. It was nominated for two Academy Awards; Best Costume Design and Best Art Direction (Lyle R. Wheeler Jack Martin Smith Walter M. Scott Stuart A. Reiss).The film was an adaptation of the play A Roomful of Roses by Edith Sommer with Betty Lou Keim reprising her Broadway role.
 Ugler i mosen is a 1959 Norwegian mystery and adventure family film directed by Ivo Caprino. It was written by Caprino as an adaptation of Finn Havrevold's children's book Marens lille ugle. The leading role was played by 12-years old Grethe Nilsen and the film also featured Sverre Hansen Turid Balke Kjetil Bang-Hansen Egil Hjorth-Jenssen and Aud Schønemann.Animation figures also played central roles in the film.
 Enchanted is a 2007 American musical live-action fantasy romantic comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures with Barry Sonnenfeld and Josephson Entertainment. Written by Bill Kelly and directed by Kevin Lima the film stars Amy Adams Patrick Dempsey James Marsden Timothy Spall Idina Menzel Rachel Covey and Susan Sarandon.
 Mom at Sixteen is a 2005 Lifetime Television film about a sixteen-year-old mother dealing with problems at school and her decaying relationship with her mother because of her seeing her boyfriend for the first time since before her son was born.
 Fareb (translation: delusion) is a 2005 Bollywood thriller film directed by Dipak Tijori. The film stars sisters Shilpa and Shamita Shetty and Manoj Bajpai. The music is composed by Anu Malik.
 Ice Spiders is a 2007 horror/Sci-fi movie that premiered on June 9 2007 on the Sci Fi Channel. Ice Spiders stars Patrick Muldoon Vanessa A. Williams Noah Bastian K. Danor Gerald and Matt Whittaker and was released on DVD in 2007.
 The Final Countdown is a 1980 alternate history science fiction film about a modern aircraft carrier that travels through time to a day before the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. Produced by Peter Vincent Douglas and directed by Don Taylor the film stars Kirk Douglas Martin Sheen James Farentino Katharine Ross and Charles Durning. This was Taylor's final film.Produced with the full cooperation of the U.S.
 The Story of Qiu Ju (Chinese: 秋菊打官司; pinyin: Qiū Jú dǎ guān sī; literally Qiu Ju goes to court) is a 1992 Chinese comedy-drama film. The film was directed by Zhang Yimou and as in many of his films stars Gong Li in the title role. The screenplay is an adaption of Chen Yuanbin's novella The Wan Family's Lawsuit.The film tells the story of a peasant woman Qiu Ju who lives in a rural area of China.
 Chinna Kannamma is a 1993 Indian Tamil drama film directed by R. Raghu. The film features Karthik Muthuraman Gauthami Suhasini Nassar and Baby Shamili in lead roles. The film produced by Aru. Shanmuganathan and Aru. Subramaniam had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 29 January 1993. The film was remade in Telugu as Ooyala starring Meka Srikanth Ramya Krishnan with Nassar and Suhasini reprising their roles again.
 Downloading Nancy is a 2008 drama film directed by Johan Renck starring Maria Bello and Jason Patric. It is loosely based on the death of Sharon Lopatka who sought out someone who would torture her to death. The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival where it was nominated for a Grand Jury Prize.
 Fallen Angels is a 2008 film directed by Morten Tyldum. It was nominted for numerous Amanda Awards in 2008.
 Commediasexi is an Italian comedy movie released in 2006.
 Based Down South (German: Wir Sitzen im Süden) is a 2010 German-Turkish documentary film written and directed by Martina Priessner about four Turks born in Germany but who now live in Istanbul. The film was selected for the 29th International Film Festival Istanbul where it premiered 53rd International Leipzig Festival for Documentary and Animated Films 16th London Turkish Film Festival and the 13th Istanbul International 1001 Documentary Film Festival.
 The Discarnates (異人たちとの夏 Ijintachi to no Natsu) is a 1988 Japanese horror film directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi.
 The Sign of Four is a 1932 British crime film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Arthur Wontner Ian Hunter and Graham Soutten. The film is based on Arthur Conan Doyle's second Sherlock Holmes story The Sign of the Four and was made at Ealing Studios.The film is also known as The Sign of Four: Sherlock Holmes' Greatest Case.A young woman needs Sherlock Holmes for protection when she's tormented by an escaped killer.
 The Adventures of Ford Fairlane is a 1990 American action/comedy film directed by Renny Harlin. It stars comedian Andrew Dice Clay as the title character Ford Fairlane a Rock n' Roll Detective whose beat is the music industry in Los Angeles. True to his name Ford drives a 1957 Ford Fairlane 500 Skyliner in the film.The movie's main character was created by writer Rex Weiner in a series of stories that were published as weekly serials 1979–80 by the New York Rocker and the LA Weekly.
 The Great Gambler is a 1979 Bollywood action thriller film starring Amitabh Bachchan Zeenat Aman Neetu Singh and Prem Chopra. The film which is known in Hindi as Sabse Bada Zuari (Hindi: सबसे बड़ा जुआरी) was directed by Shakti Samanta. It did decent business in Mumbai and has attained cult status.This film was a thriller and its story is based on international gangsters Spies and secret agents of different countries' intelligence agencies and their undercover operations.
 The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry is a 1945 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak starring George Sanders as an aging bachelor who looks after his two sisters one of whom tries to sabotage his romance with his co-worker. It is based on the play Uncle Harry by Thomas Job.
 The Wanderer in Bulgar aka The Minstrel in Bulgar (Tatar Cyrillic: Ил Гизүче Болгарда Latin: İl Gizüçe Bolğarda) is a 30 minutes Tatar rock opera written and directed by Vladislav Chebitarev music by Räşid Kalimullin based on İldar Yüziev's libretto for classical opera Cuckoo's Cry. It was filmed in Kazan Television Studio under Gosteleradio of USSR.
 Weddings and Babies is a 1960 film directed produced and written by independent filmmaker Morris Engel. Starring Viveca Lindfors and John Myhers.The last of Engel's feature films it was shot in 1957 and previewed at the 1958 Venice Film Festival where it won the Critics Award. Being unable to find a traditional distributor Engel took the necessary steps to distribute the film himself including financing it and handling the booking at theaters. It debuted on October 5 1960.
 High Country is a 1983 Australian film about a cattleman turned racehorse owner.
 Troublesome Wives is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Eric Bransby Williams Mabel Poulton and Lilian Oldland. It was based on the play Summer Lightning by Ernest Denny. Two housewives become embroiled with a foreign spy network.
 Service with the Colors is a 1940 American short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 13th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 In Love with Life is a 1934 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.
 Mallepuvu (Telugu: మల్లెపువ్వు) is a 2008 Tollywood Indian feature film directed by V. Samudra. The film has Bhumika and Muralikrishna who debuts in the lead role supported by Suman Shetty RK Sukumar and Kovai Sarala. The film was launched on 30 April 2008.
 High Jump is a 1959 British film.
 One Law for All is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Gryphon also known as Attack of the Gryphon is a 2007 television film directed by Andrew Prowse starring Amber Benson Jonathan LaPaglia and Larry Drake. It premiered on the Sci-Fi Channel on January 27 2007.The made for TV movie continues a tradition of science fiction movies featuring computer-animated monsters that have been part of the Sci-Fi Pictures original films series since its inception in 2002.
 The Black Godfather is a blaxploitation film released in 1974. It was written and directed by John Evans and stars Rod Perry Don Chastain Diane Sommerfield and Jimmy Witherspoon.
 How to Make Love to a Woman is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Scott Culver and written by Dennis Kao both making their respective debuts. Starring Josh Meyers Krysten Ritter Ian Somerhalder and Jenna Jameson the films follows Andy (Meyers) and his miscommunications regarding sex.
 A Decree of Destiny is a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Mary Pickford and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 Whity is a 1971 German Western film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Shot in Spain it was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival. It was never distributed theatrically but was eventually released on DVD.
 For the Love of Ada is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Ronnie Baxter and starring Irene Handl Wilfred Pickles Barbara Mitchell and Jack Smethurst. It is a spin-off from the television series For the Love of Ada.
 Monsters Crash the Pajama Party is an American horror film from 1965. It is about a group of teenagers in a haunted house that happens to be the headquarters of a laboratory used by a mad doctor who attempts to transform them all into gorillas. During its original theatrical release actors would venture out into the seats in costumes as though they were the monsters coming out of the movie screen similar to The Tingler.
 Groundhog Day is a 1993 American comedy film directed by Harold Ramis starring Bill Murray Andie MacDowell and Chris Elliott. It was written by Ramis and Danny Rubin based on a story by Rubin.Murray plays Phil Connors an arrogant and egocentric Pittsburgh TV weatherman who during a hated assignment covering the annual Groundhog Day event in Punxsutawney finds himself in a time loop repeating the same day again and again.
 Erotissimo is a 1969 French-Italian drama film directed by Gérard Pirès. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
 This article is about a Japanese film. For the J-pop group see Tanpopo.Tampopo (タンポポ Tanpopo literally dandelion) is a 1985 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami starring Tsutomu Yamazaki Nobuko Miyamoto Kōji Yakusho and Ken Watanabe. The publicity for the film calls it the first ramen western a play on the term Spaghetti Western (films about the American Old West made by Italian production studios).
 The Orphan Killer is a 2011 independent horror film written by Big boobs and directed by Matt Farnsworth. It was produced by Farnsworth and Full Fathom 5. Farnsworth has stated that he has plans for sequels and a web series.
 The Final Sacrifice (also known as Quest for the Lost City) is an independent Canadian horror film released in 1990. It was directed by Tjardus Greidanus a freshman at Southern Alberta Institute of Technology and stars Christian Malcolm as Troy McGreggor and Bruce J. Mitchell as Zap Rowsdower.
 Dr. Cabbie is an upcoming 2014 Canadian film. It Stars Kunal Nayyar Vinay Virmani Isabel Kaif and Adrianne Palicki . The film is directed by Jean-Francois Pouliot and co-produced by Bollywood actor Salman Khan.
 Nick Carter va tout casser is a French action film starring Eddie Constantine as Nick Carter. An English version was dubbed by Eddie Constantine dubbing himself. Constantine repeated his role in Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge (1965). The film was titled License to Kill in the USA.
 Ok-nyeo (옥녀) is a 1928 Korean film. The silent black-and-white production was written directed and edited by Na Woon-gyu. It was the second film to be produced by Na Woon-gyu Productions which was financed by Park Seung-pil owner of the Danseongsa Theater in Seoul. It premiered at Park's Theater in January 1928.
 Shortcut Romeo is an Indian action crime thriller film directed and produced by Susi Ganeshan under the banner of Susi Ganesh Productions. It is the Hindi remake of the director's own Tamil film Thiruttu Payale (2006) starring Neil Nitin Mukesh in the title role with Puja Gupta as his love interest and Ameesha Patel in a negative character. The theatrical trailer of Shortcut Romeo was unveiled on 25 January 2013. The film was screened at Marche du Film at Cannes Film Festival on 22 May 2013.
 Hannah Takes the Stairs is a 2007 American independent mumblecore film by Joe Swanberg.
 Flyboys is a 2006 American drama/war film set during World War I starring James Franco Martin Henderson Jean Reno Jennifer Decker David Ellison Abdul Salis Philip Winchester and Tyler Labine. It was directed by Tony Bill a pilot and aviation enthusiast. The screenplay about men in aerial combat was written by Phil Sears Blake T. Evans and David S. Ward with the screen story by Blake T. Evans.
 Eddie is a 1996 comedy film starring Whoopi Goldberg and Frank Langella. The film barely broke even at the box office grossing $31387164 in the US. The film was directed by Steve Rash.
 Dangerous Nan McGrew is a 1930 American comedy starring Helen Kane Victor Moore and James Hall.
 Deadly Hero is a 1976 thriller movie starring Don Murray Diahn Williams James Earl Jones Lilia Skala Treat Williams and directed by Ivan Nagy from a screenplay by George Wislocki and Don Petersen. Released in 1976 with an R rating from the Motion Picture Association of America the film was distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures. This film is Treat Williams' film debut. Deadly Hero opened to mixed mostly negative reviews by critics and was seen as a commercial failure.
 The Winner (Polish: Wygrany) is a 2011 American-Polish co-production written and directed by Wieslaw Saniewski and starring Pawel Szajda Janusz Gajos Wojciech Pszoniak and Marta Żmuda-Trzebiatowska.Film tells a story of Oliver (played by Pawel Szajda Under the Tuscan Sun and HBO's Generation Kill) who is a young and talented pianist.
 Goliath and the Rebel Slave (Italian: Goliath e la schiava ribelle also known as The Tyrant of Lydia Against the Son of Hercules Gordian the Glorious Avenger and Arrow of the Avenger) is a 1963 Italian peplum film directed by Mario Caiano.
 24 Hours in London is a 2000 British crime thriller film from writer-director Alexander Finbow. The film takes place in London in the year 2009.
 Washee Ironee is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by James Parrott. It was the 131st Our Gang short (43rd talking episode) that was released.
 This article is about the film. You may be looking for the song Born Losers.Born Losers is a 1967 action film and the first of the Billy Jack movies. The film introduced Tom Laughlin as the half-Indian Green Beret Vietnam veteran Billy Jack. Since 1954 Laughlin had been trying to produce his Billy Jack script about discrimination toward American Indians.
 The MySpace Movie also known as myspace: the movie is the name of a short independent film and viral video. Its name refers to MySpace the social networking website which it parodies.Two years later a new video by Lehre was released but instead of MySpace focused on Facebook.
 Walking Tall: Final Chapter is the third installment of the Walking Tall film series. The film was directed by Jack Starrett. The film opened in the U.S. on August 10 1977. The on-screen title of the movie is Final Chapter Walking Tall.
 Billy Bunny's Animal Songs is a direct-to-video film featuring The Muppets. It was the first of the titles in the Muppet Sing-Alongs series. This film was credited as one of Carmen Osbahr's first projects with the Muppets and also served as one of Richard Hunt's final works before his death.
 Mr. Black Mr. White is a 2008 Bollywood film starring Arshad Warsi Sunil Shetty and Sandhya Mridul. The film also features foreign actresses Tania Zaetta and former Miss Thailand Ning.
 Bread Love and Jealousy (Italian: Pane amore e gelosia) known as Frisky in the US is a 1954 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini. It is the second part of the Italian trilogy preceded by Bread Love and Dreams and followed by Scandal in Sorrento.
 Le Due sorelle is a 1950 Italian film directed by Mario Volpe.
 Nadia's Friends is a documentary which follows filmmaker Chanoch Zeevi as he travels through Israel exploring how Zionism has evolved since he was a child. Zeevi attended elementary school in the religious Zionist village of Kfar Haroeh where his classmates represented a cross-section of Israeli society. They included Jews of every background: Ashkenazi Sephardi religious secular and even one Arab girl —Nadia for whom the film is named.
 When Strangers Appear is a 2001 thriller film.
 Peixonauta – Agente Secreto da O.S.T.R.A. is a 2012 Brazilian animated film directed by Célia Catunda and Kiko Mistrorigo based on the Fishtronaut (Portuguese: Peixonauta) animated TV series.The film is a compilation of five episodes of the cartoon.
 Charachar (English language:Shelter of the Wings) is a 1993 Bengali drama film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta based on a novel by Prafulla Roy.
 Satyawadi Raja Harishchandra (Bengali: সত্যবাদী রাজা হরিশচন্দ্র; English: Truthful King Harishchandra) is a 1917 silent black and white Indian film based on Hindu mythology directed by Rustomji Dhotiwala. It was produced by J. F. Madan's Elphinstone Bioscope. Credited as the first remake in Indian cinema the film is a remake of the first Indian feature film Raja Harishchandra (1913) and was also inspired by a Urdu language drama Harishchandra.
 I ragazzi di via Panisperna (English: Via Panisperna Boys) is an Italian movie by director Gianni Amelio telling the enthusiasms fears joys and disappointments of the (private and professional) life of a well-known group of young men fond of physics and mathematics who just made history as the Via Panisperna boys.
 Achieving The Perfect 10 is a television documentary film released on CNN on August 10 2003 about young girls training gymnastics at the highly competitive Parkettes National Gymnastics Training Center in Allentown Pennsylvania in the United States.The documentary follows several Parkettes gymnasts—ranging from the novice competitor Ashley Barry to the elites Nicole Harris Annie Fogerty and Kristina Coccia—through their daily training routines.
 Chained is a 1934 motion picture directed by Clarence Brown starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable with supporting performances by Otto Kruger and Stuart Erwin.
 At Land (1944) is a 15-minute silent experimental film written directed by and starring Maya Deren. It has a dream-like narrative in which a woman played by Deren is washed up on a beach and goes on a strange journey encountering other people and other versions of herself. Deren once said that the film is about the struggle to maintain one's personal identity.
 The Mole People is a 1956 science fiction film directed by Virgil W. Vogel.
 Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American war film produced directed by and starring Clint Eastwood. The story involves the actions of a small group of Marines during the 1983 U.S. invasion of Grenada. A portion of the movie was filmed on the island itself. Mario Van Peebles Marsha Mason and Everett McGill appear in supporting roles.The title comes from the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge in the Korean War.
 The Parking Lot Movie is an American documentary film directed by Meghan Eckman. It was filmed from 2007 to 2010 and premiered at the South By Southwest film festival in Austin Texas in 2010. It was purchased by PBS and aired nationwide on Independent Lens October 19 2010 opening the series' 2010 season.
 The House I Live In directed by Eugene Jarecki is a 2012 documentary film about the War on Drugs in the United States.
 Business Is Business (Dutch title: Wat zien ik) is a 1971 comedy film. The film is directed by Paul Verhoeven and stars Ronnie Bierman Sylvia de Leur Piet Römer and Jules Hamel. The story is about the lives of two prostitutes in Amsterdam and is based on two books written by Albert Mol.This film marks the debut of cinematographer Jan de Bont.
 Plague is a 1978 Canadian science fiction film about a genetic engineering accident a fertilizing bacterium that escapes from a laboratory in Canada. The film is also known internationally as Induced Syndrome (UK) M-3: The Gemini Strain or Mutation (USA).
 A Kiss for Cinderella (1925) is a silent fantasy taken from the stage play by James M. Barrie. The film stars Betty Bronson and Tom Moore and was made at Paramount's Astoria Studios in Astoria Queens. The film is based on the 1916 play which starred stage actress Maude Adams in the Bronson role.Herbert Brenon directed as he had directed the 1924 film version of Barrie's Peter Pan which also starred Bronson.
 DVD by Sexy is the only official DVD from Eagles of Death Metal.A companion release to Death by Sexy the DVD compiles footage shot by sometime collaborator Liam Lynch over the course of the album's eight day recording session. Besides the main feature the DVD also contains numerous live performances and music videos including the previously unreleased video for the song Solid Gold.According to Jesse Hughes the band initially didn't want to do the DVD:
 Karaiyellam Shenbagapoo is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by G.N.Rangarajan starring Prathap Pothan and Sripriya in lead roles.
 How to Start a Revolution is a BAFTA award winning British documentary film about Nobel Peace Prize nominee and political theorist Gene Sharp described as the world's foremost scholar on nonviolent revolution. The film describes Sharp's ideas and their influence on popular uprisings around the world. Screened in cinemas and television in more than 22 countries it became an underground hit with the Occupy Wall St Movement.
 L'onorata società is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Riccardo Pazzaglia. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Puthu Puthu Arthangal (Tamil: புது புது அர்த்தங்கள்; English: The New Meanings) is a 1989 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Rahman Sithara Geetha Janagaraj Jayachitra Poornam Vishwanathan Sowcar Janaki Vivek and Ilaiyaraaja.
 That Midnight Kiss is a 1949 Technicolor American musical romance film also starring Mario Lanza (in his first leading role) and Kathryn Grayson. Among the supporting cast were Ethel Barrymore conductor/pianist Jose Iturbi (playing himself) Keenan Wynn J. Carrol Naish and Jules Munshin. The commercially popular film was directed by Norman Taurog who the following year would again direct Lanza and Grayson in the even more successful The Toast of New Orleans.
 The Queen of Spades (Russian: Пиковая дама translit. Pikovaya dama) is a 1982 film adaptation of the Aleksandr Pushkin short story of the same name. Film is verbatim (including epigraphs) screening of Pushkin's story.
 In the Heart of the Woods is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts and written by Marion Heffernan. Starring Louise Lester Vivian Rich Harry von Meter David Lythgoe and Charles Morrison.
 La patota is a 1960 Argentine film directed by Daniel Tinayre. It was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sympathy for Lady Vengeance (Hangul: 친절한 금자씨; RR: Chinjeolhan geumjassi; lit. Kind-hearted Geum-ja) is a 2005 South Korean film by director Park Chan-wook. In North America and parts of Europe the film has been screened under the title Lady Vengeance. The film is the third installment in Park's The Vengeance Trilogy following Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance (2002) and Oldboy (2003).
 Lament (Hangul: 지상만가; RR: Jisangmanga) is a 1997 South Korean film.
 The Buffalo Boy (Vietnamese: Mùa len trâu French: Le Gardien des Buffles) is a 2004 film directed by Minh Nguyen-Vo. The movie was the official entry from Vietnam for Best Foreign Language Film category at the 78th Academy Awards. It was filmed in Cà Mau Province Vietnam's southernmost province.
 Right Cross is a 1950 drama film directed by John Sturges written by Armand Deutsch and starring June Allyson Ricardo Montalban Dick Powell Lionel Barrymore and (in a small role) Marilyn Monroe.
 Jacques and November (French: Jacques et novembre) is a 1984 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudry and François Bouvier. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 58th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Fighting Blood is a 1911 short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith starring George Nichols and featuring Lionel Barrymore and Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of George Eastman House.
 Serenata amara is a 1952 Italian film.
 La Playa del amor is a 1980 Argentine film.
 The Milky Way (French: La Voie lactée) is a 1969 film directed by Luis Buñuel. It stars Laurent Terzieff Paul Frankeur Delphine Seyrig Georges Marchal and Michel Piccoli. Buñuel later called The Milky Way the first in a trilogy (along with The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie and The Phantom of Liberty) about “the search for truth.The title of the film comes from the fact that original name for the Milky Way was the Way of St. James which directed pilgrims from northern Europe to Spain.
 Special Investigator is a 1936 RKO Radio Pictures American crime-drama film starring Richard Dix and featuring Margaret Callahan Erik Rhodes and Owen Davis Jr.. It was directed by Louis King from a screenplay by Louis Stevens Thomas Lennon and Ferdinand Reyher based on Fugitive Road a story by Erle Stanley Gardner originally serialized in the New York Herald Tribune's This Week magazine from May 26 to June 7 1935.
 Felony is a 2013 Australian thriller film directed by Matthew Saville. Joel Edgerton wrote produced and also starred in the film. Jai Courtney Melissa George and Tom Wilkinson also appeared in the film. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Peck's Bad Boy is a 1934 American drama film directed by Edward F. Cline. It was based on the series of books by George W. Peck.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Secret Treasure of Buri Buri Kingdom (クレヨンしんちゃん ブリブリ王国の秘宝 Kureyon Shinchan: Buriburi Ōkoku no Hihō) is a Japanese animated film. It is the second installment of the Crayon Shin-chan movie series released in 1994. It was also released in India on 17 October 2008 on Hungama TV as Treasures of the Buri Buri Kingdom.
 Wakanohana monogatari dohyou no oni (若ノ花物語　土俵の鬼 ) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenjiro Morinaga.It is a sport film about sumo wrestler Wakanohana Kanji I.
 Death on a Factory Farm is a 2009 television documentary film concerning the animal rights abuses at the Wiles hog farm and the subsequent investigation and trial.
 Alive is a 2002 Japanese action film directed by Ryuhei Kitamura. It is based on the manga ALIVE (published in 1999; Shueisha) by Tsutomu Takahashi and stars Hideo Sakaki as the protagonist Tenshu. Tenshu is imprisoned and sentenced to death for murdering the men who raped his girlfriend. However he manages to survive his execution and is presented with an option: face another execution attempt or subject himself to their bizarre and dangerous experiments.
 In Public (simplified Chinese: 公共场所; traditional Chinese: 公共場所; pinyin: Gōng gōng cháng sǔo; literally Public space) is a short documentary film directed by sixth generation filmmaker Jia Zhangke. In Public was filmed digitally for the 2001 Jeonju International Film Festival.In many ways the film was a test-run for the feature length fiction film Unknown Pleasures.
 A Smoky Mountain Christmas is a 1986 fantasy television film directed by Henry Winkler (who also has a cameo role in the film). It stars Dolly Parton and Lee Majors.
 Sole Survivor also known as Dean Koontz's Sole Survivor is a Canadian Thriller film/mini-series adaptation of Dean Koontz's novel of the same name made and released in 2000 and directed by Mikael Salomon.
 Whispering Smith (1948) is a Western film starring Alan Ladd as a railroad detective assigned to stop a gang of train robbers. The supporting cast includes Robert Preston and Brenda Marshall. The picture is based on a novel by Frank H. Spearman and a previous 1926 film adaptation starring H.B.
 On the Job is a 2013 Filipino action thriller film directed by Erik Matti and stars Joel Torre Gerald Anderson and Piolo Pascual. The film is a co-production of Star Cinema and Reality Entertainment as part of Star Cinema's 20th year anniversary presentation.
 To the Hilt - Story from the Wild East (Macedonian: До балчак - Приказна од дивиот исток) is an upcoming Macedonian action-adventure western style film directed by Stole Popov. The film takes place in Ottoman ruled Macedonia. The filming started in May 2012 and scenes were shot in Bitola Ohrid Skopje Demir Hisar Štip and Prilep. From August 2012 the film is in post production.
 Munjane is a 2012 released Kannada romantic drama film starring Ganesh and Manjari Phadnis. Multi-faceted director-actor S. Narayan has directed penned story written screenplay & dialogues composed the songs and also acted in the film. Dharma Vish has scored the background music. Narayan's wife Bhagyavathi Narayan has produced the venture under his home banner. Jagadish Wali is the cinematographer. The film opened across Karnataka cinema halls on 2 March 2012.
 Pippi Longstocking is a 1997 animated musical film from AB Svensk Filmindustri and Nelvana based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren. It was distributed theatrically by Legacy Releasing and on VHS and DVD by Warner Bros. Family Entertainment and was served as a pilot of a spin-off television series on HBO in addition to another animated film Pippi Longstocking's Adventures on the South Seas. Pippi Longstocking is Nelvana's first feature film since Babar: The Movie.
 Beijing Flickers is a 2012 Chinese film by Zhang Yuan. It premiered on September 11 2012 at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Killer Bud is an American comedy film released in 2001.
 Vacation of Petrov and Vasechkin Usual and Incredible (Russian: Каникулы Петрова и Васечкина обыкновенные и невероятные) is a 1984 Soviet film.School hooligans Petrov and Vasechkin go to Young Pioneer camp for summer vacation. The community of the Camp waits for cool hooligan Gus (Literally: Goose) and thinks Vasechkin is Gus like in The Government Inspector.
 London Paris New York also known by the abbreviated form LPNY is an critically and commercially successful Indian romantic comedy film that marks the writing and directing debut of Anu Menon with Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari in the lead roles. The official theatrical trailer was released on 14 January 2012 while the film was released worldwide on 2 March 2012 with positive reviews. Movie was made with a budget Rs 7 Crore including Promotional Costs earned revenue of Rs 24 Crore.
 Deprisa Deprisa (English: Hurry Hurry!) is a 1981 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura. In the English-speaking world it has been released under the titles Faster Faster and Fast Fast. It tells the story of a gang of juvenile delinquents.
 Madcap Mabel is a 2010 dramatic 35-minute short film about a guilty reporter (played by Rudy Cecera) who had helped sensationalize the scandals that damaged the career of dying silent film comedienne/writer/director Mabel Normand (Penelope Lagos). The film depicts another of Charles Chaplin's leading ladies Edna Purviance (Katie Maguire) as well as Normand's lover Mack Sennett (Ron Nummi) and young reporter Adela Rogers St.
 The Prophecy is a 1995 American fantasy horror-thriller film starring Christopher Walken Elias Koteas Virginia Madsen Eric Stoltz and Viggo Mortensen. It was written and directed by Gregory Widen and is the first motion picture of The Prophecy series including four sequels. The film tells the story of the Archangel Gabriel (Walken) and his search for an evil soul on Earth and a police detective (Koteas) who unknowingly becomes caught in the middle of an angelic civil war.
 Kalavaram (English: Riot) is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Ramesh Selvan and produced by Ravichandran. The film features veteran actors Sathyaraj and Tanikella Bharani in the leading roles while an ensemble cast of newcomers play other pivotal roles. The film which had been in production since 2010 released on 14 January 2014.
 A Tango Tragedy is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master is a 1988 American slasher fantasy film and the fourth film in the Nightmare on Elm Street series. The film was directed by Renny Harlin stars Robert Englund Lisa Wilcox and Danny Hassel.
 Moving the Mountain is a 1993 Canadian documentary film on the effects of the head tax and Chinese Exclusion Act in Canada. The film debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1993 was co-directed by William Ging Wee Dere and Malcolm Guy written by William G.W. Dere and produced by Productions Multi-Monde of Montreal.
 Inniyenkilum is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by I.V. Sasi. It stars T.G. Ravi Mohanlal Mammootty Ratheesh Lalu Alex Ravindran Seema Rani Padmini Balan K. Nair Captain Raju Vincent Sankaradi. Dialogue and Screenplay are by T. Damodaran.
 Vice Academy was a series of six feature films which aired on the USA Network throughout the 1990s.
 Gasp (Chinese: 气喘吁吁) is a 2009 Chinese film directed by Zheng Zhong (Chinese: 郑重).
 Lightning Carson Rides Again is a 1938 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Call Me: The Rise and Fall of Heidi Fleiss is a television film starring Jamie-Lynn Sigler as Hollywood madame Heidi Fleiss. It aired on USA Network on March 29 2004.
 Shane is a 1953 American Western film from Paramount. It was produced and directed by George Stevens from a screenplay by A. B. Guthrie Jr. based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Jack Schaefer. Its Oscar-winning cinematography was by Loyal Griggs.
 Hooked or Picnic is a 2008 film by Adrian Sitaru set in Romania (original name: Pescuit sportiv duration: 84 minutes).It is the story of a barbecue trip of a Romanian couple which takes an unexpected turn when their car runs over a prostitute while driving through a forest near Bucharest. The incident throws a new light over the relationship of the two lovers and shows how much change can come for human beings in a single day.
 Sins of the Parents is a 1914 silent film written and directed by Ivan Abramson and starring Sara Adler a prominent Yiddish theatre actress in her first of two movie appearances.
 Death Train is a 2006 action film starring Arnold Vosloo and Mathis Landwehr. It was produced by Hermann Joha and directed by Diethard Küster.
 To Hell and Back is a CinemaScope war film released in 1955. It was directed by Jesse Hibbs and starred Audie Murphy as himself. It is based on the 1949 autobiography of the same name and is an account of Murphy's World War II experiences as a soldier in the U.S. Army. The book was ghostwritten by his friend David Spec McClure who served in the Army's Signal Corps during World War II.
 Martian Child is a 2007 American comedy-drama film about a writer who adopts a strange young boy who believes himself to be from Mars. Martian Child was released on November 2 2007. The film was directed by Menno Meyjes and produced by New Line Cinema. It stars John Cusack and Bobby Coleman. The MPAA rating system rated the film with a PG for thematic elements and mild language.
 Daughter from Đà Nẵng is a 2002 documentary film about an Amerasian Heidi Bub (a.k.a. Mai Thi Hiep) born on December 10 1968 in Danang in southern Vietnam one of the children brought to the United States from Vietnam in 1975 during Operation Babylift at the end of the Vietnam War.Heidi's mother Mai Thi Kim already had three children and was estranged from her husband Do Huu Vinh who had left her to fight with the Viet Cong.
 Tom & Thomas (UK title: The Christmas Twins) is a 2002 English-language family film starring Aaron Johnson and Sean Bean. The film was directed by Esmé Lammers and was released on 24 January 2002 in the Netherlands.
 El proceso de las señoritas Vivanco (The Process of the Vivanco Girls) is a 1959 Mexican film directed by Maurcio de la Serna. It stars Sara García.
 Dr. Hackenstein is a 1988 comedy horror film written and directed by Richard Clark and distributed by Troma Entertainment. After the death of his wife Dr. Hackenstein (David Muir) concocts the perfect plan: with the help of a few graverobbers and a couple of lost girls he can use the spare parts to reanimate his dead spouse and build a better woman.Comedienne Phyllis Diller has a small part in the movie along with Oscar nominee Anne Ramsey (d.
 Ami Shubhash Bolchi is a 2011 Bengali-language Indian film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar starring Mithun Chakraborty Saheb Bhattacharya Laboni Sarkar Barkha Bisht and Anindya Banerjee. Mithun said  I have done nearly 350 films and this is my boldest film ever on Ami Shubhash Bolchi
 Epitaph (Hangul: 기담; hanja: 奇談; RR: Gidam) is a 2007 South Korean film directed by brothers Jung Sik and Jung Beom-sik. The film is a horror film set primarily in 1942 while South Korea was under the colonial rule of Japan. It is framed by scenes set in 1979.
 The Untouchables is a 1987 American crime drama directed by Brian De Palma and written by David Mamet. Based on the book The Untouchables the film stars Kevin Costner as government agent Eliot Ness. It also stars Robert De Niro as gang leader Al Capone and Sean Connery as Irish-American officer Jimmy Malone (based on the real life agent and member of the Untouchables Irish-American Marty Lahart) .
 24 x 24: Wide Open with Jeff Gordon is a 2007 documentary film about the life of NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon. The film explores his life both on and off the track and gives viewers a glimpse of Gordon the driver the family man the adventurer the entrepreneur and the philanthropist.
 When the Girls Take Over is a men's adventure comedy motion picture inspired by the Cuban Revolution. It was produced and directed by actor Russell Hayden and was the final film of James Ellison who partnered with Hayden in a series of Westerns. It was filmed in Puerto Rico in 1960 under the working title Caribe and released in 1962. The film was shot in colour but the public domain copy is in black and white.
 Mister Lonely is a 2007 comedy-drama film directed by Harmony Korine and co-written with his brother Avi Korine. The film is an international co-production between the UK France Ireland and the United States. The film features an ensemble cast of generally well-known but some foreign actors including Diego Luna Samantha Morton Denis Lavant Werner Herzog James Fox Anita Pallenberg and Leos Carax.
 Pál Adrienn is a 2010 Hungarian drama film directed by Ágnes Kocsis. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 Vizontele is a 2001 Turkish comedy-drama film written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan and co-directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak based on the writer-director's childhood memories of the arrival of the first television to his village in the late 70's. The film which went on nationwide release on February 2 2001 (2001-02-02) won three Golden Orange awards and was one of the most successful Turkish films to that date.
 Condition (Russian: Состояние) is a 2011 science fiction film directed by Andrei Severny and produced by Amir Naderi. The film is a meditative psychological drama set in apocalyptic atmosphere. The story is a sensory battle of the two female characters - sound therapist Mary Taggert and her patient young disturbed woman Alaska. The doctor evacuates with her patient driving a car away from the city to unspecified northern territory towards the border.
 The Vanishing Riders is a 1935 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 Kildare of Storm is a lost 1918 silent film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by Harry L. Franklin. It stars Broadway actress Emily Stevens. June Mathis and Jere Looney provided the scenario.
 Breakfast in Paris is 1982 Australian romantic comedy.
 So Evil So Young is a 1961 film starring Jill Ireland and Ellen Pollock.
 Youth on Parole is a 1937 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Cytherea is a lost 1924 American silent romantic drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Alma Rubens Constance Bennett and Norman Kerry. Based on the novel Cytherea Goddess of Love by Joseph Hergesheimer and was adapted for the screen by Frances Marion. Cytherea featurestwo dream sequences filmed in an early version of the Technicolor color film process.
 La Estancia de gaucho Cruz is a 1938 Argentine comedy film directed by Leopoldo Torres Rios. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 Dr. Kildare's Strange Case is a 1940 American film directed by Harold S. Bucquet. This was the fifth of a total of ten Dr. Kildare pictures.
 Stjörnustrákur (English: Star Boy) is an Icelandic television series that first aired on Icelandic public television channel Sjónvarpið in December 1991. The series is a part of Jóladagatal Sjónvarpsins an ongoing series of televised Advent calendars. It was written by children's books author Sigrún Eldjárn.The show follows the girl Ísafold who one day runs into Blámi a boy from a distant star who is stranded on earth because his space ship broke down.
 Josettante Hero is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by K. K. Haridas. The film stars Anoop Menon and Kriti Kapoor in the lead roles.
 The Enchanted Journey released in Japan as Gurikku no Bōken (グリックの冒険 lit. The Adventures of Glikko) is a 1981 Japanese anime film based on the book of the same name by Atsuo Saitō.
 Duvar is a 1983 Turkish drama film directed by Yılmaz Güney. It was entered into the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye (English: I want justice) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by T. Rama Rao released on 23 September 1983. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty Rekha Rati Agnihotri Ranjeeta Danny Denzongpa Asrani. The movie portrayed the social issue of single parenthood as similarly done in Kundan Shah's 2000 film Kya Kehna.
 The Blonds (Spanish: Los Rubios) is a 2003 Argentine and American documentary/drama film directed by Albertina Carri and written by Carri and Alan Pauls.The award winning film documents the search of director Albertina Carri as she investigates what happened to her family during Argentina's Dirty War.The themes: Why did they disappear? Why were they murdered? Film critics have called the work an autobiographical semi-documentary work.The drama/documentary was filmed in black-and-white and in color.
 Tojin Okichi (Japanese: 唐人お吉) is a 1930 film by Kenji Mizoguchi based on the novel by Gisaburo Juichiya.Only 4 minutes have survived. The fragment has been published on DVD coupled with The Downfall of Osen (1935) by Digital MEME in 2007.
 Pope John Paul II is a 2005 television miniseries dramatizing the life of Pope John Paul II (Karol Józef Wojtyła) from his early adult years in Poland to his death on 2 April 2005 at age 84.The film was written and directed by John Kent Harrison and aired in the United States on the CBS network on 4 and 7 December 2005.
 Cardin in Australia is a 1968 Australian film. It won the 1967 Australian Film Institute award for Best Documentary.
 Usagi Drop (うさぎドロップ Usagi Doroppu) is a 2011 Japanese drama film based on the manga of the same name by Yumi Unita. The film is directed by Sabu and the screenplay was done by both Sabu and scriptwriter Tamio Hayashi. Usagi Drop stars actor Kenichi Matsuyama who plays Daikichi an office worker and a single man.
 The Glass Key is the first of two film adaptations of the classic suspense novel The Glass Key by Dashiell Hammett. The film was released in 1935 starring George Raft featuring Edward Arnold and Claire Dodd and directed by Frank Tuttle.The film was remade in 1942 with Alan Ladd in Raft's role and Brian Donlevy and Veronica Lake in the roles previously played by Arnold and Dodd.
 The Happy Ending is a 1969 film written and directed by Richard Brooks which tells the story of a repressed housewife who longs for liberation from her husband and daughter. It stars Jean Simmons (who received an Oscar nomination) John Forsythe Shirley Jones Lloyd Bridges and Teresa Wright.
 Infinitely Polar Bear is an upcoming American comedy film directed and written by Maya Forbes. The film stars Mark Ruffalo Zoe Saldana Keir Dullea William Xifaras Wallace Wolodarsky and Mary O'Rourke. The film premiered in competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014.
 Pound is a 1970 film directed and written by Robert Downey Sr. it was based on The Comeuppance an off-off broadway play written by Downey in 1961. It is about several dogs along with a Siamese cat and a penguin at a pound and they await being put to sleep; the animals are played by human actors. It was the film debut of Robert Downey Jr. the director's 5-year old son as a puppy.
 Timeslip is a 1955 British film directed by Ken Hughes.The film is also known as The Atomic Man in the USA.
 Multiple Sarcasms is a 2009 American drama film starring Timothy Hutton Mira Sorvino Stockard Channing Dana Delany Chris Sarandon and Mario Van Peebles. It was released at the European Film Market on February 6 2009 and was released in the United States May 7 2010.
 Raktharakshassu 3D is a 2013 Malayalam-language film by Paul Factor starring Madhu Sunny Wayne Ananya and Niyas Mussliyar. The film is based on a Malayalam short story by Rupesh Paul.
 Career of Nikos Dyzma (also known as Kariera Nikosia Dyzmy in Polish) is a 2002 Polish film directed by Jack Bromski.
 The Countess is a 2009 film about Elizabeth Báthory. It is the third directorial effort by Julie Delpy who also stars as Báthory. Delpy has said of the project that it sounds like a gothic [story] but it's more a drama. It's more focusing on the psychology of human beings when they're given power.
 Dayavan: Truth is Power (English: The Compassionate) is a 1988 Hindi remake of the Tamil film Nayagan (1987). The movie was directed by Feroz Khan and starred Vinod Khanna Feroz Khan and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles.
 La Promesse (English: The Promise) is a 1996 film by the Belgian brothers Luc Dardenne and Jean-Pierre Dardenne.
 The Killing of Angel Street is a 1981 Australian thriller film based on the real life disappearance of Juanita Nielsen an activist against mass development in Sydney in the late 1970s.The film is directed by Donald Crombie and was shot in Sydney New South Wales Australia.The mysterious disappearance of Juanita Nielson also inspired Phillip Noyce for his 1982 film Heatwave.
 Judex is a 1963 French-language crime film remake of the 1916 French film serial of the same name concerning the adventures of pulp hero Judex. Directed by French filmmaker Georges Franju the film stars Channing Pollock as Judex/Vallieres Édith Scob as Jacqueline Francine Bergé as Diana and Michel Vitold as Favraux.
 Caught in the Crossfire is 2010 American crime drama film directed by Brian A Miller. It stars Chris Klein Adam Rodriguez and 50 Cent. The film was released direct-to-DVD on July 20 2010.
 Balaraju Katha (The Story of Balaraju) is a 1970 Telugu Drama film written by Mullapudi Venkata Ramana and directed by Bapu. The film won Nandi Award for Best Feature Film.
 Tattoo Ari (TATOO＜刺青＞あり) is a 1982 Japanese film directed by Banmei Takahashi. The film was based on the life of Akiyoshi Umekawa.
 Abilene Town is a 1946 western film directed by Edwin L. Marin. The film stars Randolph Scott Ann Dvorak Lloyd Bridges Rhonda Fleming and Edgar Buchanan. The movie is set in the Old West years immediately following the Civil War in the cattle town of Abilene Kansas.
 Jud Süß (Jew Süss) is a 1940 Nazi propaganda film produced by Terra Filmkunst at the behest of Joseph Goebbels and considered one of the most antisemitic films of all time. The movie was directed by Veit Harlan who wrote the screenplay with Eberhard Wolfgang Möller and Ludwig Metzger.
 The Folly of Anne is a 1914 American short drama film directed by John B. O'Brien.
 Shaker Run is a 1985 Action film by director Bruce Morrison starring Cliff Robertson Leif Garrett and Lisa Harrow. It follows two stunt drivers (Robertson and Garrett) on the run from secret police in the South Island of New Zealand with a Doctor (Harrow) carrying a virus for the CIA.
 Tillie Wakes Up also known as Meal Ticket (Working title: Tillie's Night Out) is a 1917 slapstick comedy film and a quasi-sequel to Tillie's Punctured Romance (1914) and Tillie's Tomato Surprise (1915) starring Marie Dressler as Tillie for the third time albeit with a different last name in Tillie Wakes Up. The movie was produced by Peerless Productions and World Film Corporation directed by Harry Davenport and written by Frances Marion from a story by Mark Swan.
 Army is a 1996 Bollywood action film directed by Ram Shetty. The film stars Sridevi Shahrukh Khan Danny Denzongpa amongst others in lead roles. It released on 28 June 1996 and only did average at the box office.
 Sticks and Bones is a television film adapted from the Tony Award-winning play of the same title by David Rabe. The black comedy focuses on David a blind Vietnam War veteran who finds himself unable to come to terms with his actions on the battlefield and alienated from his family because they neither can accept his disability nor understand his wartime experience.
 Catacombs is a 2007 horror film starring singer Pink (Alecia Moore) and Shannyn Sossamon. Set in the Paris Catacombs it is about a young woman trying to find her way out while being pursued by a killer. It is the first original movie from FEARnet collaborating with Lions Gate Entertainment. The film's soundtrack was produced by Yoshiki Hayashi and Jonathon Pratt and was released on October 7 2007. A big part of the movie was shot in Bucharest (Romania).
 Challenge is a 2009 Bengali comedyaction film directed by Raj Chakraborty. The film is starring Dev and Subhashree Ganguly. For few scenes and music-video's shooting was done in Dubai Australia and New Zealand.
 Seeta Bibaha (1934) (Oriya: ସୀତା ବିବାହ) was the first Oriya film directed by Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami; it presented the marriage of Lord Rama to Sita based on the epic story Ramayana. The film starred Makhanlal Bannerjee Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami Krishnachandra Singh and Prabhavati. It premiered April 28 1936 at the Laxmi Talkies of Puri. Sita Bibaha was the first complete Oriya film and an important part of the struggle for a manifestation of Oriya cultural identity in celluloid form.
 Girls in the Night is a 1953 film directed by Jack Arnold.
 Kidnapped is a 1960 Walt Disney Productions film adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's classic novel Kidnapped. It stars Peter Finch and James MacArthur and was Disney's second production based on a novel by Stevenson.
 Baadshah (English: Emperor) (Arabic form of Persian Padishah - literally King of Kings) is a 2013 Telugu action-comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla. The film was produced by Bandla Ganesh under his Parameswara Art Productions banner. It stars Jr. NTR and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles and is their second film together after Brindavanam. The soundtrack was composed by S. Thaman and this is his second cllaboration with Srinu Vaitla.
 Pray for the Wildcats is a 1974 U.S. television film that originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. It is a thriller-drama about a psychopathic business executive chasing his workers on dirtbikes through the desert after he killed a young man. The film was directed by Robert Michael Lewis and starred William Shatner and Andy Griffith. It co-starred Robert Reed Marjoe Gortner Angie Dickinson and Lorraine Gary.The film was released in 1987 on video by Republic Pictures Home Video.
 The Racing Strain is a 1932 American film directed by Jerome Storm.
 Doce de Mãe (English: Sweet Mother) is a television film and a special year-end Brazilian produced by Casa de Cinema de Porto Alegre and broadcast by Rede Globo on December 27 2012. It was written and directed by Jorge Furtado and Ana Luiza Azevedo and Fernanda Montenegro stars as Dona Picucha.
 Treasure of San Gennaro (Italian: Operazione San Gennaro) is a 1966 Italian comedy film starring Nino Manfredi Senta Berger Totò and Claudine Auger. It is directed by Dino Risi and is a funny classic story of a perfect robbery plan gone wrong in the Italian way. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 Brother Future is a 1991 science fiction movie. It starred Phill Lewis Moses Gunn Frank Converse Carl Lumbly and Vonetta McGee. A street kid (Phil Lewis) from Detroit Michigan is hit by a car; when he awakes he finds himself a slave in South Carolina in 1822. The boy then has to help his fellow slaves so he can return to his own time. Roy Campanella Jr. directed this made-for-TV movie. Music by Stephen James Taylor.
 All Boys Are Called Patrick (French: Tous les garçons s'appellent Patrick) is a 1957 French short film written by Éric Rohmer and directed by Jean-Luc Godard and made before both filmmakers achieved fame as French New Wave filmmakers.
 Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola is a 2013 Bollywood political satire film produced by Vishal Bharadwaj along with Fox Star Studios. Besides co-producing Bharadwaj has also directed co-scripted and scored the music for the film. The film stars Pankaj Kapur Imran Khan and Anushka Sharma in the titular roles while Arya Babbar and Shabana Azmi play supporting roles. The film was released worldwide on 11 January 2013.
 Casino Jack and the United States of Money is a 2010 documentary film directed by Alex Gibney.
 FM is a 1978 film directed by John A. Alonzo and starring Michael Brandon Eileen Brennan Alex Karras Cleavon Little and Cassie Yates. The screenplay was written by Ezra Sacks.This film was produced by Universal Pictures and originally released to movie theaters in the spring of 1978.
 Magic in the Moonlight is an upcoming American comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film stars Emma Stone Colin Firth Hamish Linklater Marcia Gay Harden Jacki Weaver Erica Leerhsen Eileen Atkins Simon McBurney Antonia Clarke and Jeremy Shamos. The film is set in the 1920s on the French Riviera. The film is scheduled to be released on July 25 2014 by Sony Pictures Classics.
 Charminar is a 2013 Kannada romantic drama film written and directed and produced by R. Chandru. featuring Prem Kumar and Meghana Gaonkar in the lead roles. The film deals with the life of a man in comparison with the famous monument Charminar in Hyderabad that shows four important pillars including family friends and lover.Charminar is produced by R. Chandru films and the soundtrack composed by a newcomer Hari former Guitarist based out in Hyderabad
 Party Wagon is an animated television movie created by animator Craig Bartlett (of Hey Arnold! fame) for Cartoon Network. It was made to be a pilot for an animated series that Bartlett was making for Cartoon Network after he left Nickelodeon. However the series was later scrapped. Little information of this series exists on the internet for this movie. It was also Sean Astin's first voiceover job.
 Rajakumaran is a 1994 Tamil language drama film directed by R. V. Udayakumar. The film features Prabhu Meena Durairaj and Nadhiya in lead roles. The film was released on 14 January 1994 coinciding with Thai Pongal. The film was Prabhu's 100th film and was distributed by Sivaji Productions.
 The Snowy Heron (白鷺 Shirasagi) is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Denké-Denké is a Nigerien 2006 documentary film.
 Story from Croatia (Croatian: Priča iz Hrvatske; abroad also distributed under title Idaho Potato after English-named rock band led by the film's protagonist) is a 1991 Croatian film directed by Krsto Papić. It was Croatia's submission to the 65th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Umbrella or San is a Chinese documentary film directed by Du Haibin and released in 2007. The film documents the experiences of modern rural China particularly five social groups: students soldiers tradespeople and peasants. Du's stated goal with the film was to highlight the growing disparity between China's prosperous cities and its stagnating countryside.
 Clockwatchers is an American comedy-drama film released in 1997. Directed by Jill Sprecher it stars Parker Posey Lisa Kudrow Toni Collette and Alanna Ubach as temporary office staffers in an office complex. The four become misfit friends in an office environment where they are ignored and mistrusted by their co-workers.
 Strange Holiday is a 1970 Australian Television film.
 The Swan (1956) an Eastman Color in CinemaScope is a remake of The Swan (1925) a Paramount Pictures release. Another film version was released as One Romantic Night (1930). The 1956 film is a romantic comedy released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Charles Vidor produced by Dore Schary from a screenplay by John Dighton and based on the play by Ferenc Molnár.
 A Day at the Races (1937) is the seventh film starring the three Marx Brothers with Margaret Dumont Allan Jones and Maureen O'Sullivan. Like their previous MGM feature A Night at the Opera this film was a major hit.
 Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult is a 1994 comedy film the third and final film in the Naked Gun series which was based on the Police Squad! television series.It was marketed with the tagline: Mostly All New Jokes. The 33⅓ of the title is a reference to the speed at which long playing (LP) phonograph records (gramophone records) play. The film was originally going to be titled Naked Gun 33⅓: Just for the Record but was changed after the studio felt not many understood the joke.
 The Guidance of Reason (French: La conduite de la Raison) is a short film written and directed by Aliocha. It has been selected to be part of the Directors Fortnight of the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 American Pimp is a 1999 documentary that examines the pimp subculture in the United States. It was directed by the Hughes Brothers the filmmakers behind Menace II Society and Dead Presidents.The documentary consists of first person interviews of people involved in the pimping lifestyle (the game). The interviews are separated by short clips from 1970s blaxploitation films such as Willie Dynamite The Mack and Dolemite.The first portion of the documentary focuses on pimps working illegally.
 Death Drug is a 1978 American exploitation film that deals with the harsh and deadly affects of PCP or angel dust. The film starred Philip Michael Thomas as a plumber turned musical artist who got hooked on angel dust leading to a drastic change in personality and soon his demise.
 A puerta cerrada (English language: Closed Door) is a 1962 Argentine film directed and written by Pedro Escudero adapted from the play Huis Clos by Jean-Paul Sartre.[1]
 Pirates (also known as Pirates XXX) is an pornographic action-adventure film produced by Digital Playground and Adam & Eve. Released in 2005 it stars Jesse Jane Carmen Luvana Janine Lindemulder Devon Jenaveve Jolie Teagan Presley and Evan Stone.
 A Ship Bound for India (Swedish: Skepp till Indialand) is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. It was originally released as A Ship to India in the United Kingdom and Frustration in the United States.
 The Billionaire also known as Top Secret: Wai Roon Pan Lan (Thai: วัยรุ่นพันล้าน pronounced [wāj rûn pʰān láːn]) is a Thai biographical film released by GMM Tai Hub. It is directed by Songyos Sugmakanan and stars Pachara Chirathivat Somboonsuk Niyomsiri (aka Piak Poster) and Walanlak Kumsuwan.
 Happy Birthday is a 2002 film by Yen Tan his debut long feature film starring Benjamin Patrick Michelle E. Michael and John Frazier.
 Los Isleros is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Walking Walking (Italian: Cammina cammina and also known as Keep Walking) is a 1983 Italian drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi. It was screened out of competition at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Simpatico is a 1999 film starring Nick Nolte Jeff Bridges Sharon Stone Catherine Keener and Albert Finney. It was adapted for the screen from a 1993 play by the American playwright Sam Shepard.
 Pickwick Papers is a 1985 animated Australian film based on the novel by Charles Dickens.
 A Tiger Walks is a 1964 family drama film directed by Norman Tokar and produced by Walt Disney Productions. It is based on a novel of the same name by Ian Niall. Vera Miles and Brian Keith star. This was Indian actor Sabu's last film released only a few months after his death.
 Let It Rain is a lost 1927 American silent comedy film produced by and starring Douglas MacLean directed by Edward F. Cline and featuring Boris Karloff. Paramount Pictures distributed the film.
 Ober Da Bakod 2: Di Treasure Adventure is a Philippine comedy movie produced by Viva Films and GMA Network Inc. This is the second movie version of the sitcom of the same title.
 Draw! is a 1984 American/Canadian comedy-western film by Steven Hilliard Stern
 Stars on Parade is a 1936 British musical film directed by Oswald Mitchell and Challis Sanderson and starring Robb Wilton Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane. It was a variety show featuring a number of music hall acts. It was made at Cricklewood Studios in North London. It was a released as a first feature on a Double Bill with the supporting feature What the Puppy Said.
 Rocky II is a 1979 American film written and directed by and starring Sylvester Stallone that is the sequel to Rocky a motion picture in which an unknown boxer had been given a chance to go fight the World Heavyweight Champion and was the last installment of the Rocky franchise to be distributed solely by United Artists following their merger with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1981. Stallone Carl Weathers Tony Burton Burgess Meredith Burt Young and Talia Shire reprised their original roles.
 Unborn But Forgotten (Hangul: 하얀방; RR: Hayanbang; lit. White Room) is a 2002 South Korean film directed by Im Chang-jae. Due to its plot line the film has been compared to both The Ring and FeardotCom.
 The First 7th Night (simplified Chinese: 头七; traditional Chinese: 頭七 is an 2009 Hong Kong horror film directed by Herman Yau.
 Romolo e Remo (AKA: Duel of the Titans and Romulus and Remus) is a 1961 film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Steve Reeves Gordon Scott and Virna Lisi.Tagline: The Legendary Conflict of Mankind's Mightiest Mortals!
 The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Ethan Green is a syndicated comic strip drawn by Eric Orner. Appearing in lesbian gay bisexual and transgender publications the strip's title character is Ethan Green a young gay man trying to balance his professional career as a personal assistant with his search for love. It was started in 1989.
 High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly. In nearly real time the film tells the story of a town marshal forced to face a gang of killers by himself. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman. The film won four Academy Awards (Actor Editing Music-Score Music-Song) and four Golden Globe Awards (Actor Supporting Actress Score Cinematography-Black and White).
 Gramatthu Minnal is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.Rangaraj starring Ramarajan and Revathi in lead roles.
 Il mostro (The Monster) is a 1994 Italian-French comedy film. It starred Roberto Benigni as a man who is mistaken by police profilers for a serial killer due to a misunderstanding of the man's strange behavior. This film was at the time it came out the highest-grossing film in Italy bested later by another Benigni film Life is Beautiful.
 If We Only Knew is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Allez Hopp is a 1946 East German film directed by Hans Fritz Köllner. It is set in a circus.
 Blankman is a 1994 American superhero comedy-parody film directed by Mike Binder and starring Damon Wayans and David Alan Grier. It was written by Wayans and J. F. Lawton whose biggest success was writing Pretty Woman and Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death.
 Pony is an award-winning short film directed by Ed Gass-Donnelly starring Karyn Dwyer as a dead girl in limbo who uses the last seconds of her life to ease her father's grief. It is based on an excerpt from the play White Biting Dog by two time Governor General Award winning playwright Judith Thompson.
 Koi Aap Sa is a 2005 Indian Bollywood film directed by Partho Mitra. It stars Aftab Shivdasani and Natassha in pivotal roles.
 I Married a Centerfold is a 1984 television film starring Teri Copley and Tim Daly.
 Slashed is a low budget independent horror film financed and directed by Ash and written by Jed Shepherd.
 Crime and Punishment in Suburbia is a 2000 film directed by Rob Schmidt and starring Monica Keena (as Roseanne Skolnick) Ellen Barkin (as Maggie Skolnick) Michael Ironside (as Fred Skolnick) James DeBello (as Jimmy) and Vincent Kartheiser (as Vincent).
 The Comeback Kid is a 1980 television film.
 Drive-In Massacre is a 1977 horror film written and directed by Stu Segall and co-written by John F. Goff and George Buck Flower.
 Le tue mani sul mio corpo (also known as Your Hands on My Body and Schocking) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Brunello Rondi.
 Fight Harm is an abandoned project by Harmony Korine filmed in 1999. The premise was to verbally provoke passers-by into a fight. The rules were Korine couldn't throw the first punch and the person confronted had to be bigger than Korine. To Korine Fight Harm was high-comedy reminiscent of Buster Keaton.
 The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is a 2000 American live-action adventure comedy film produced by Universal Studios and DreamWorks based on the television cartoon The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show by Jay Ward. The animated characters Rocky and Bullwinkle shared the screen with live actors portraying Fearless Leader (Robert De Niro) Boris Badenov (Jason Alexander) Natasha Fatale (Rene Russo).
 Dark River (Spanish: Las aguas bajan turbias; English International title: Rivers of Blood) is a 1952 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo del Carril and written by Eduardo Borrás. The film was based on a novel by Alfredo Varela. The film starred Hugo del Carril who simultaneously directed the film Adriana Benetti and Raúl del Valle. The film is based around themes of oppression.
 Blood Feud is a 1983 television miniseries surrounding around the conflict between Jimmy Hoffa and Robert F. Kennedy in a 11-year span from 1957 until Kennedy's assassination in 1968. The 210-minute film was directed by Mike Newell and written by Robert Boris.
 Long Day's Journey into Night is a film by Canadian director David Wellington released in 1996.
 Cain and Abel is a 2006 American independent urban comedy film written and directed by Shane Woodson.
 The Root of All Evil is a 1947 British drama film directed by Brock Williams for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Phyllis Calvert and Michael Rennie. The film was the first directorial assignment for Williams who was better known as a screenwriter and also produced the screenplay based on a novel by J. S. Fletcher.
 Azhagana Naatkal (English: Beautiful Days) is a 2001 comedy Tamil film directed by Sundar C. The film featured Karthik and Rambha in the lead roles and became the third collaboration of the pair with Sundar after the successes of Ullathai Allitha (1996) and Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga (1999). The film also featured Mumtaj Goundamani and Senthil in pivotal roles and featured music composed by Deva. The film released on 7 December 2001 to average reviews from critics.
 Cabeza de Vaca is a 1991 Mexican film about the adventures of Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca (circa 1490 – circa 1557) an early Spanish explorer as he traversed what later became the American Southeast. He was one of four survivors of the Narvaez expedition and shipwreck. He became known as a shaman among the Native American tribes he encountered which helped him survive. His journey of a number of years began in 1528. After his return to Spain he published his journal in 1542.
 The Happy Thieves is a 1961 American crime/comedy-drama film starring Rex Harrison and Rita Hayworth and directed by George Marshall. The film is based on the novel The Oldest Confession by Richard Condon. The film was poorly received with star Harrison later describing it as 'absolute rubbish'.
 Aina (Urdu: ارمان‎) is an upcoming Pakistani romantic drama film directed by Sarmad Sultan Khoosat and produced by Tarang Housefull and A & B Entertainment. Film is a remake of the same name released in 1977 starred by Nadeem Baig and Shabnam. The film is produced by A & B Entertainment. Film stars Faisal Qureshi and Saba Qamar.
 Bébés à gogo French: Babes a GoGo is a French comedy film from 1956 directed by Paul Mesnier written by Marcel Franck starring Jane Sourza and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the title: Babes a GoGo (International English title).
 Wake Up and Dream is a 1946 Technicolor film unrelated to the 1930s musical of the same name. The film stars June Haver and John Payne was released by 20th Century Fox was directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Elick Moll based on the novel The Enchanted Voyage by Robert Nathan.The film features the song Give Me the Simple Life with music by Rube Bloom and lyrics by Harry Ruby.
 Casting By is a 2012 documentary film directed by Tom Donahue. It combines over 230 interviews extensive archival footage animated stills and documents to tell the untold tale of the Hollywood casting director.The film had its international premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) and its US premiere at the New York Film Festival in 2012.
 Monkey Trouble is a 1994 comedy film directed by Franco Amurri and starring Thora Birch.
 The Untold Story (Chinese: 八仙飯店之人肉叉燒包) is a 1993 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Herman Yau and starring Danny Lee and Anthony Wong. The film is allegedly based on a true crime that took place in 1985 in Macau.The film was followed up by two unrelated sequels with The Untold Story 2 featuring Wong returning in a supporting role and The Untold Story 3 with Lee in another supporting role.
 Forbidden is a 1984 drama film directed by Anthony Page and starring Jacqueline Bisset Jürgen Prochnow and Irene Worth. The plot is loosely based on a true story originally told in the non-fiction book The Last Jews in Berlin by Leonard Gross about a countess who hides her Jewish boyfriend in her apartment in World War II. It was a co-production between Britain West Germany and the United States. It was broadcast on television in America but released in cinemas in other countries.
 The Return of the Pink Panther is the fourth film in The Pink Panther series released in 1975. The film stars Peter Sellers in the role of Inspector Clouseau returning to the part for the first time since A Shot in the Dark (1964) after having declined to reprise the role in Inspector Clouseau (1968). The film was a commercial hit and revived a previously dormant series.Herbert Lom reprises his role as Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus from A Shot in the Dark; he remained a regular hereafter.
 Sukhamo Devi is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Venu Nagavally who described the film as his own tragical love story. It features Mohanlal in Supporting role with Shankar in lead role and Geetha and Urvashi pivote role. The film features memorable music soundtrack composed by Raveendran to the lyrics penned by O. N. V. Kurup and cinematography by S. Kumar.Editing of the film was done by K. P. Puthran while the assistant directors to the film were Ajayan and G. S.
 Winners of the West (1940) is a Universal movie serial. It stars Dick Foran and Anne Nagel in a plot about the construction of a railroad and a local ganglord who opposes it. This was Universal's 115th serial release (the 47th with sound).The studio had used the name for an earlier silent serial but there are no plot similarities between the two versions. Columbia's Roar of the Iron Horse is very similar to this serial however and the writer George H. Plympton worked on both.
 The Door (Hungarian: Az ajtó) is a 2012 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szabó and starring Helen Mirren. It is based on the Hungarian novel of the same name.The film was selected to be featured in the competition programme at the 34th Moscow International Film Festival. The film won the Michael Curtiz Audience Award at the Hungarian Film Festival of Los Angeles in November 2012.
 Doubles is a 2011 Malayalam comedy-action drama film directed by debutant Sohan Seenulal and written by the Sachi-Sethu duo. It stars Mammootty Nadia Moidu and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles and features an extensive cast of supporting actors with Saiju Kurup Suraj Venjaramoodu Salim Kumar Anoop Chandran Bijukkuttan Y. G. Mahendra and Avinash amongst others. It also features Roma and Rima Kallingal in cameo roles.
 The Big Sky is a 1952 American Western film directed by Howard Hawks based on the novel of the same name. The cast includes Kirk Douglas Arthur Hunnicutt Dewey Martin and Elizabeth Threatt.Though not considered among Hawks' major achievements by most critics the film was chosen by Jonathan Rosenbaum for his alternative list of the Top 100 American Films.
 No Retreat No Surrender is a 1986 American martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen in his American directorial debut and starring Kurt McKinney and Jean-Claude Van Damme. The film was released in the United States on May 2 1986. The film is about the American teenager named Jason Stillwell (Kurt McKinney) who learns martial arts from the spirit of Bruce Lee.
 Ravedactyl: Project Evolution is a 2003 short film by writer/director Graig F. Weich based on his superhero comic book Ravedactyl which won the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival. It stars Coolio Donald Faison and Dave Prowse.
 Mahapurush O Kapurush is a 2013 Indian Bengali language film directed by Aniket Chattopadhyay.
 Ningen (人間) is a 1962 Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindo and starring Taiji Tonoyama Kei Sato and Nobuko Otowa produced by Shindo's company Kindai Eiga Kyokai.
 To Kill a Priest is a 1988 drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland. The film tells a story based on the murder under the Polish communist regime of priest Jerzy Popiełuszko. It stars Christopher Lambert as a fictionalized version of Popiełuszko and Ed Harris as the secret police captain set to assassinate him.
 House of Wedlock aka Hour of Wedlock (ウホッホ探険隊 Uhohho tankentai) (literally Ooh! Exploration Party) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Kichitaro Negishi.
 Captains Courageous is a 1937 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer adventure film. Based on the novel by Rudyard Kipling it had its world premiere at the Carthay Circle Theatre in Los Angeles. The movie was produced by Louis D. Lighton and directed by Victor Fleming. Filmed in black-and-white Captains Courageous was advertised by MGM as a coming-of-age classic with exciting action sequences.
 All My Babies is a 1953 educational film produced and directed by George C. Stoney which was used to educate midwives in the Southern United States. It was produced by the Georgia Department of Public Health and written by George C. Stoney.
 Radio Magic (German:Funkzauber) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Werner Krauss Xenia Desni and Fern Andra. The film's art direction was by Gustav A. Knauer and Willy Schiller. It premiered on 30 September 1927.
 Chandamama (Telugu: చందమామ English translation: Moon) is a 2007 Telugu movie directed by Krishna Vamsi with Navdeep and Siva Balaji in the lead roles. Kajal Agarwal known for playing the lead role in Lakshmi Kalyanam is paired opposite Navdeep while Sindhu Menon is playing the female lead opposite Shiva Balaji. The movie is produced by C. Kalyan and S. Vijayanand the musical score is provided by K. M.
 A Gangstergirl (Dutch: Het Gangstermeisje) is a 1966 Dutch drama film directed by Frans Weisz. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 BoyTown is a 2006 Australian comedy film directed by Kevin Carlin and starring an ensemble cast of prominent Australian comedians including Glenn Robbins Mick Molloy Bob Franklin Wayne Hope and Gary Eck. It was filmed in Melbourne Victoria.An official preview showing of the film was held in Sydney on 16 October 2006. BoyTown was released in Australia on 19 October 2006. It grossed A$3.1 million in its home country.
 Stop Train 349 (German: Verspätung in Marienborn French: Le train de Berlin est arrêté) is a 1963 German-French-Italian drama film directed by Rolf Hädrich. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival. It was released in the US in 1964 by Allied Artists.Screenwriter Will Tremper won the Film Award in Gold of the 1964 German Film Awards.
 Scales of Justice is a three-part Australian drama miniseries made in 1983 by director Michael Jenkins.
 881 is a 2007 Singaporean musical-comedy-drama film written and directed by Royston Tan based on the Singapore Getai scene. It is only the second Singaporean film that has been released in Japan.By September 13 2007 the film had grossed over S$3 million making it the top grossing Asian film in Singapore in 2007. It was screened at the Pusan International Film Festival in South Korea and was in competition at the 2007 World Film Festival of Bangkok.
 Frozen is a 2005 British film directed by Juliet McKoen.
 Parajanov: The Last Spring (Russian: Параджанов последняя весна) (Armenian: Փարաջանով: Վերջին Գարուն) (French: Paradjanov : le dernier printemps) is a 1992 award-winning documentary by the Russian-Armenian filmmaker Mikhail Vartanov that also includes the complete surviving footage of Sergei Parajanov's unfinished last film The Confession Vartanov's behind-the-scenes sequences of Parajanov at work on the shooting of the Color of Pomegranates and other material.
 100000 Cobbers is a 1942 dramatised documentary made by director Ken G. Hall for the Australian Department of Information during World War II to boost recruitment into the armed forces. Grant Taylor Joe Valli and Shirley Ann Richards play fictitious characters.
 Ruses Rhymes and Roughnecks is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 In Your Eyes is a 2014 American paranormal romance film directed by Brin Hill and written by Joss Whedon starring Zoe Kazan Michael Stahl-David Nikki Reed Steve Harris and Mark Feuerstein. It is the second feature film by Bellwether Pictures. In Your Eyes set in New Mexico and New Hampshire follows Dylan and Rebecca.
 Sarvam Sakthimayam is a 1986 Tamil devotional film directed by PR Somasundhar under the banner Preethi Inder Combines. It stars Rajesh and Sudha Chandran in lead roles with S.V. Sekhar Manorama Radha Ravi Ramya Krishnan and Y. Vijaya in supporting roles. The movie has music composed by Ben Surender.
 Trouwe Kameraden is a 1957 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
 Ōgon Bat (黄金 バット Ōgon Batto lit. Golden Bat) is a seminal Japanese superhero created by writer Ichiro Suzuki and illustrator Takeo Nagamatsu in 1930. Ōgon Bat is considered to be the first Japanese superhero.
 Pleasant Moments (Czech: Hezké chvilky bez záruky) is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová. It was released in 2006.
 I Was Born in Buenos Aires (Spanish: He nacido en Buenos Aires) is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Francisco Múgica.
 Gül Baba is a 1940 Hungarian musical film directed by Kálmán Nádasdy and starring Sándor Kömíves Zita Szeleczky and Pál Jávor. It was based on the operetta Gül Baba composed by Jenő Huszka with a libretto by Ferenc Martos.
 The Anarchist's Wife is a 2008 Franco-German film directed by Maria Noelle and Peter Sehr.The plot derives from the experience of Letelu's grandparents. Her grandfather an anarchist fought in Madrid against Francisco Franco's Nationalists during the Spanish Civil War. He was deported to a concentration camp then fought for the French Resistance.
 Ndoto Za Elibidi is a 2010 Kenyan film.
 Long Range Patrol (Finnish: Kaukopartio) is a 2013 Finnish feature film directed by Harri J. Rantala and starring Eerik Kantokoski Ali Ahovaara Hannu Rantala Kalevi Haapoja and Eeva Putro.
 Good Cheer is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 46th Our Gang short subject released.
 Keelu Bommalu (Telugu: కీలుబొమ్మలు) is a 1965 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao and produced by Gangaram of Hyderabad Films.
 Savaal is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan Jaishankar Y.G. Mahendra and Lakshmi. The movie was a Superhit at the boxoffice.
 Masks (French: Masques) is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Blood of the Beast is a 2003 American experimental horror film directed by written by and starring Georg Koszulinski. A post-apocalyptic society that depends on cloning is overrun by a generation of faulty homicidal clones.
 Jön az öcsém (My Brother is Coming literally my younger brother is coming) is a 1919 short Hungarian drama film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont is a 2005 US-produced comedy-drama film based on the 1971 novel by Elizabeth Taylor. It was directed by Dan Ireland and produced by Lee Caplin Carl Colpaert and Zachary Matz from a screenplay by Ruth Sacks.The film stars Joan Plowright and Rupert Friend with Zoe Tapper Anna Massey Robert Lang Marcia Warren Georgina Hale Millicent Martin Michael Culkin and Anna Carteret.
 The Necessities of Life (French: Ce qu'il faut pour vivre; Inuktitut: Inuujjutiksaq ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑎᒃᓴᖅ or ᐃᓅᔾᔪᑦᐃᒃᓴᖅ [inuːjjutikˈsaq]) is a 2008 film directed by Benoît Pilon. The film was acclaimed by critics and received the Special Grand Prize of Jury of the Montreal World Film Festival. It was also nominated at the Namur International Film Festival and Vancouver International Film Festival. The film was Canada's submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards.
 Diao Chan is a 1938 Chinese sound film directed by Bu Wancang and produced by Zhang Shankun's Xinhua Film Company. The film is a portrayal of one of the Four Beauties of ancient China in this case the titular Diaochan from the late Eastern Han Dynasty era.
 Beyond the Walls (Hebrew: מאחורי הסורגים‎ MeAhorei HaSoragim lit. behind bars) is a 1984 Israeli film directed by Uri Barbash co-wrote with Eran Preis. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Since You've Been Gone is a 1998 U.S. made-for-TV movie directed by David Schwimmer about a 10th anniversary class reunion. Apart from Schwimmer himself the film starred Philip Rayburn Smith Joy E. Gregory Joey Slotnick Teri Hatcher Jon Stewart Rachel Griffiths and Lara Flynn Boyle. Love Jones plays the reunion band.Most of the film was shot in downtown Chicago at the Hotel Allegro (then called the Bismarck Hotel) as well as the neighboring Palace Theater where the reunion takes place.
 The Russian Question (Russian: Русский вопрос Russkiy vopros) is a Soviet political drama by renown filmmaker Mikhail Romm. The film is an adaptation of a play of the same name by Soviet poet and journalist Konstantin Simonov.
 Rebound is a 2005 comedy film directed by Steve Carr and starring Martin Lawrence as a disgraced college basketball coach who returns to his old middle school to coach the boys' basketball team.This was also Tara Correa's only film role. She was murdered in a gang shooting on October 25 2005 (nearly four months after the film's release). The film was a critical and box office failure.
 … nur ein Komödiant (also König der Maske; in English … just a Comedian or King of the Mask) is the title of an Austrian film of 1935. The director was Erich Engel temporarily in Vienna as a political emigrant from Germany who with this film made a statement against fascism and authoritarian government.
 Swiss Family Robinson is a 1940 American film released by RKO Radio Pictures and directed by Edward Ludwig. It is based on the novel The Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss and is the first feature-length film version of the story.
 Seven Cities Of Gold is a 1955 historical adventure film directed by Robert D. Webb and starring Anthony Quinn Richard Egan and Michael Rennie. It tells the story of the 18th. Century Franciscan priest Father Junípero Serra and the founding of the first missions in what is now present day California. The screenplay is based on the novel The Nine Days of Father Serra (1951) by Isabelle Gibson Ziegler.
 A Woman Rebels is a 1936 RKO film adapted from the novel Portrait of a Rebel by Netta Syrett and starring Katharine Hepburn as Pamela Thistlewaite who rebels against the social mores of Victorian England. The film was directed by Mark Sandrich was the film debut of Van Heflin and the final film of David Manners.
 Dasi Aparanji (ta: தாஸி அபரஞ்சி) is a 1944 Indian Tamil film directed by B. N. Rao and produced by S. S. Vasan. The film stars Pushpavalli Kothamangalam Seenu M. K. Radha Kothamangalam Subbu L. Narayana Rao and Sundari Bai.
 V for Vendetta is a 2005 American-German action thriller film directed by James McTeigue and written by the Wachowski Brothers based on the 1982 Vertigo graphic novel of the same name by Alan Moore and David Lloyd.
 Britain In A Day is a crowdsourced documentary film that consists of a series clips of footage shot by members of the public in Britain on 12 November 2011.
 I'll Be Yours is a 1947 American musical comedy film starring directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin. Based on the play A jó tündér by Ferenc Molnár the film is about a small-town girl who tells a fib to a wealthy businessman which then creates complications. It was adapted by Felix Jackson from the screenplay for the 1935 non-musical film The Good Fairy by Preston Sturges which was based on the play A jó tündér by Ferenc Molnár as translated and adapted by Jane Hinton.
 The Death of Salvador Dalí is a short film written and directed by Delaney Bishop. The plot of this 2005 fantasy film involves Salvador Dalí consulting Sigmund Freud on how to depict madness in his artwork.
 Narasimham (Malayalam: നരസിംഹം English: The Lion-Man) is a 2000 Malayalam action film written by Ranjith and directed by Shaji Kailas. It stars Mohanlal Thilakan N. F. Varghese Aishwarya and Kanaka and features Mammootty in a cameo appearance. Upon release the film broke almost all the box office records becoming a record breaking grosser and one of the all time biggest blockbuster in Malayalam Cinema.
 The Spanish Main (1945) is an adventure film starring Paul Henreid Maureen O'Hara Walter Slezak and Binnie Barnes and directed by Frank Borzage. It was RKO's first all-Technicolor film since Becky Sharp ten years before.Cinematographer George Barnes received an Academy Award nomination for Best Color Cinematography. Though a box office hit upon its first release the film is chiefly remembered today for its lavish and intricate score by Hanns Eisler.
 Beneath is a straight-to-DVD thriller-horror film co-produced in a first time partnership between Paramount Classics (a Viacom subsidiary) and MTV Films (although both co-purchased the rights to Hustle & Flow in 2005). The film is directed by the newcomer Dagen Merrill who co-wrote the script with Kevin Burke and the list of producers include Sean Covel and Chris Wyatt (Napoleon Dynamite Think Tank) as well as Troy Craig Poon.
 The Hot Scots is the 108th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Belle ma povere (internationally released as Pretty But Poor) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It is the sequel of Poveri ma belli and was followed by Poveri milionari.
 The Astronaut's Wife is a 1999 American science fiction/thriller film directed and written by Rand Ravich. It stars Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron.
 Prairie Justice is a 1938 B movie directed by George Waggner and starring Bob Baker as a singing cowboy.
 John Dies at the End is a 2012 American dark comedy-horror film written and directed by Don Coscarelli based on David Wong's novel of the same name. Principal photography began in October 2010 and by January 2011 the project had entered post-production for a planned theatrical 2013 release. The film stars Chase Williamson and Rob Mayes with Paul Giamatti Clancy Brown Angus Scrimm Daniel Roebuck and Doug Jones. Despite its mixed critical response the film has developed a cult following.
 Bionicle 3: Web of Shadows is the Annie Award-nominated third Bionicle movie installment. It is also the second movie in the Bionicle timeline as of 2005. The visuals are completely computer-generated. The events of the movie take place before the end of the film Bionicle 2: Legends of Metru Nui.The film tells the tale of the heroic Toa Metru returning to their island city home of Metru Nui to rescue its populace the Matoran all of which remain in a deep coma.
 Cinderella is a TV film released on January 1 2000 in the UK directed by Beeban Kidron. The cast is led by Kathleen Turner who plays the Wicked Stepmother Claudette. The film follows the original idea of the fairytale classic but is based in a modern world full of fashion and technology.
 Namak Haraam (Devanagari: नमक हराम Nastaliq: نمک ہرام; translation: traitor) is a 1973 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The music is by R.D. Burman the screenplay by Gulzar and lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh Bachchan. It also stars Rekha Asrani Raza Murad A.K. Hangal Simi Garewal and Om Shivpuri.
 Pallet on the Floor is a 1986 New Zealand made comedy and horror film based on the 1976 novel (his last novel) by Ronald Hugh Morrieson. The film was shot in 1983 at Patea in a closed-down meatworks (abattoir) but was not released until 1986. Bruno Lawrence wrote the jazz score and has a small cameo role playing Morrieson as a bass player at a wedding.
 One in the Chamber is a 2012 American action film directed by William Kaufman and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and Dolph Lundgren. This is the second film between Cuba Gooding Jr. and William Kaufman they both previously in 2011's The Hit List. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on August 21 2012.
 Helping Hands is a 1941 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 201st Our Gang short (202nd episode 113th talking short 114th talking episode and 33rd MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Manila Calling is a 1942 American wartime drama film starring Lloyd Nolan and Carole Landis. American civil engineering forces struggle to establish an operational radio base on the Philippines with Japanese forces resisting and with the complication of a beautiful night club singer on site.
 The Widow of Saint-Pierre (French: La veuve de Saint-Pierre) is a 2000 film by Patrice Leconte with Juliette Binoche Daniel Auteuil and Emir Kusturica. The film made its North American debut at the 2000 Toronto Film Festival where it won the Audience Award. It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 2001 for Best Foreign Language Film. The film was also nominated in 2001 for two César Awards.
 Albela is a 1951 Bollywood musical comedy film directed by and starring Bhagwan Dada and Geeta Bali.A Hindi classic it was the third highest grossing film at the Indian Box Office in 1951 and its soundtrack by C. Ramchandra was acclaimed.
 The Clergyman (Swedish: Prästen) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 The Conviction (Italian: La condanna) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize.
 Home of Strangers is the first feature film from writer and director Doan Nguyen. The film was released at the Schonell Theatre Brisbane Australia on 1 August 2009.
 Piano solo is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Riccardo Milani. It is based on the book by Walter Veltroni Il disco del mondo - Vita breve di Luca Flores musicista and it depicts real life events of jazz pianist and composer Luca Flores (it).
 The Loudspeaker is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley.The film is also known as The Radio Star in the United Kingdom.
 The King is Dancing (Le Roi danse) is a 2000 costume drama by Belgian filmmaker Gérard Corbiau based on Philippe Beaussant's biography of Jean-Baptiste Lully Lully ou le musicien du soleil (1992).Set in 17th century France it depicts the rise of King Louis XIV of France the Sun King as seen through the eyes of court composer Lully.
 Oil's Well That Ends Well is the 188th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Crystal Voyager is a 1973 Australian surf film directed by David Elfick. It was filmed written and narrated by surfer photographer and filmmaker George Greenough who had previously made the 1970 surfing film The Innermost Limits of Pure Fun.The film is structured as a loose biography of Greenough and was shot largely in California. It documents Greenough’s search for uncrowded waves which led to the construction of his 37-foot ocean-going yacht.
 Podokkhep (Bengali: পদক্ষেপ Footstep) is a 2006 Bengali film by Suman Ghosh.
 Merry Madagascar is a Christmas special first broadcast on the NBC network on November 17 2009 which starred the characters from the Madagascar film series. The story appears to take place sometime between the first and second film. It features many of the same voices from the film (except Sacha Baron Cohen who was replaced by Danny Jacobs who voices Julien in The Penguins of Madagascar TV series) including Ben Stiller Chris Rock David Schwimmer and Jada Pinkett Smith.
 Stupid Little Golf Video (released as Leslie Nielsen's Stupid Little Golf Video in the United States) is the third and last of the how-to-golf-badly trilogy. (The other two are Bad Golf Made Easier and Bad Golf My Way.) As of 2013 it is the only one of its kind that is released on DVD. Additionally Nielsen's wife Barberee Earl Nielsen made a cameo as a lady golfer.
 Tomar Jonyo or Tomar Janna (Bengali: তোমার জন্য translation: for yours) is a Bengali film was released in 2008. Directed by Nilanjan Banerjee the movie featured Rishi Shriya Subrata Dutta . Shriya’s debut film Gita in the Telugu film industry. But Zee Motion Pictures cast Shriya in Bengali film. This film was cast earlier with Koel Mallick who had dropped out of citing date problems.
 Villain (Kannada: ವಿಲನ್) is a 2012 Indian Kannada action film written and directed by M. S. Ramesh and produced by Yogish Hunsur under the banner Saraswathi Entertainers. The film stars Auditya and Ragini Dwivedi in lead roles.
 Those Redheads From Seattle (1953) is an American feature film produced in 3-D and Technicolor starring Rhonda Fleming Gene Barry and Agnes Moorehead directed by Lewis R. Foster and released by Paramount Pictures.In September 2006 the film was shown in 3-D for the first time in 50 years at the World 3-D Expo in Hollywood. Although Kiss Me Kate released by MGM in November 1953 is often referred to as the first 3-D musical Those Redheads From Seattle was released a month earlier.
 Night of the Demons 2 is the 1994 sequel to Night of the Demons and was released on home video in 1994 by Republic Pictures Home Video. Lionsgate released it to DVD in 2007; Olive Films released a widescreen DVD and a first time Blu-ray release on February 19 2013. The film was followed by the 1997 sequel Night of the Demons 3.
 Enlarged to Show Detail is a 1996 documentary created by the multi-genred band 311. The set contains a documentary (first released on VHS in 1996 and in 2001 on DVD) and a bonus CD EP. This was the first video documenting their experiences as a band promoting what they consider to be peace and a positive outlook on life. It features backstage footage clips of music videos and live concert footage.Enlarged to Show Detail was certified as a Platinum selling video by the RIAA.
 Zakhm (Devanagari: ज़ख़्म; English: wound) is a 1998 Hindi drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Ajay Devgan Pooja Bhatt Sonali Bendre Kunal Khemu and Nagarjuna Akkineni. The movie depicts tension between religions in Indian society. This movie is closely based on Mahesh Bhatt's own life and it explores the relationship between Bhatt and his mother.
 Rajali is a 1996 Tamil language film directed by Velu Prabhakaran and written by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Ramki and Roja in lead roles whilst Silk Smitha Napoleon and Disco Shanti play supporting roles.
 Bride 13 is a 1920 American thriller film serial directed by Richard Stanton. The film is considered to be lost.
 El Cantar de mi ciudad (English language: The Singer of My City) is a 1930 Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. The film has historical significance as it was the first ever sound film produced in Argentina. The film was released on October 3 1930.
 Highway 301 is an American 1950 crime drama film noir written and directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Steve Cochran Virginia Grey Gaby André and Edmon Ryan.
 The Rogues' Tavern is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 aTo Bina Mo Kahani Adha (Oriya: ତୋ ବିନା ମୋ କାହାଣି ଅଧା) is a 2007 Oriya film directed by Sanjay Nayak starring Anubhav Mohanty Archita Sahu and Jairam Samal.
 Gamebox 1.0 (2004) is a film starring Nate Richert (Sabrina the Teenage Witch) and Danielle Fishel (Boy Meets World) about a video game that traps the player inside it when started. The only escape is to win the game. It was directed by the brothers David and Scott Hillenbrand who wrote it with Patrick Casey and Worm Miller. It was released on DVD in the U.S. on April 10 2007.
 CarBabes is a 2006 independent comedy film starring Ben Savage and directed by Nick Fumia and Chris Wolf.The title of producer Ben Rekhi's CarBabes comes from the term car salesmen use for each other. He realizes that some might suspect otherwise but promises it's in no way a bikini car wash movie.The film is a coming-of-age comedy starring Boy Meets World's Ben Savage as a recent college grad living at home who reluctantly goes to work at his dad's car dealership.
 Black Peter (original Czech title: Černý Petr known also as Peter and Paula) is a 1964 film directed by Miloš Forman. It won the Golden Sail award at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 One Night in Lisbon is a 1941 American thriller film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Fred MacMurray Madeleine Carroll and Patricia Morison. It was based on a British play by John Van Druten. It was one of a cycle of pro-British films produced in Hollywood before the United States' entry into the war in December 1941.
 Red Tavern (Italian:Taverna rossa) is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Alida Valli André Mattoni and Lauro Gazzolo. It was made at Cinecittà in Rome. A young woman eventually marries a count after a series of misunderstandings.
 Supari is a Hindi action film released in 2003 directed and produced by Padam Kumar. Uday Chopra Rahul Dev Nandita Das Purab Kohli Nauheed Cyrusi and Irrfan Khan star in lead roles. The story is set in the Mumbai underworld.
 Red 2 is a 2013 American action comedy film and sequel to the 2010 film Red. It was inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage. The film stars Bruce Willis John Malkovich Mary-Louise Parker Catherine Zeta-Jones Lee Byung-hun Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren with Dean Parisot directing a screenplay by Jon and Erich Hoeber. Red 2 was released on July 19 2013.
 Ballot Measure 9 is a 1995 documentary film directed and produced by Heather Lyn Macdonald. The film examines the cultural and political battle that took place in 1992 over Oregon Ballot Measure 9 a citizen's initiative proposition that would have declared homosexuality abnormal wrong unnatural and perverse.
 Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman Patrick Tatopoulos Måns Mårlind and Björn Stein. The first film Underworld was released in 2003 and the second film Underworld: Evolution in 2006. The third film Underworld: Rise of the Lycans the prequel to the series chronicling the origins of the vampire-lycan war was released on January 23 2009. The fourth film Underworld: Awakening the sequel to Underworld: Evolution was released on January 20 2012.
 Early One Morning (French: De bon matin) is a 2011 French-Belgian drama film directed by Jean-Marc Moutout.
 Humorous Phases of Funny Faces is a 1906 short silent animated cartoon directed by James Stuart Blackton and generally regarded by film historians as the first animated film recorded on standard picture film.
 Mampazhakkalam is a 2004 Malayalam family film by Joshi starring Mohanlal and Shobana.
 Ju-on: The Grudge 2 is a 2003 Japanese horror film and the fourth installment in the Ju-on series. The film was written and directed by Takashi Shimizu. It was released in Japan on August 23 2003.The series follows a curse created by a murdered housewife in a house in Nerima. The curse falls on anyone who enters the house where the murders took place.
 Gods and Generals is a 2003 American film based on the novel Gods and Generals by Jeffrey Shaara. It depicts events that take place prior to those shown in the 1993 film Gettysburg which was based on The Killer Angels a novel by Shaara's father Michael. The film stars Stephen Lang as Stonewall Jackson Jeff Daniels as Lieutenant Colonel Joshua Chamberlain and Robert Duvall as General Robert E. Lee.It was written and directed by Ronald F.
 Behind the Mask of Zorro or E Zorro cabalga otra vez is a 1965 Italian western film directed by Ricardo Blasco.
 The Puffy Chair is a 2005 road movie written and directed by the brothers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass. It was screened at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival and won the Audience Award at the 2005 SXSW Film Festival. It is considered part of the Mumblecore movement. Extensive improvisation is used in the film. The Duplass's mother and father play the mother and father in the movie. The film was shot on the Panasonic AG-DVX100.
 The Pinchcliffe Grand Prix (Norwegian: Flåklypa Grand Prix) is a Norwegian stop motion-animated feature film directed by Ivo Caprino. It was released in 1975 and is based on characters from a series of books by Norwegian cartoonist and author Kjell Aukrust. It is the most widely seen Norwegian film of all time having sold some 5.5 million tickets since its release to a population which currently numbers just over 5 million.
 Street Fighter is a 1994 American action film written and directed by Steven E. de Souza. It is based loosely on the Street Fighter video games produced by Capcom and stars Jean-Claude Van Damme and Raúl Juliá along with supporting performances by Byron Mann Damian Chapa Kylie Minogue Ming-Na and Wes Studi.The film altered the plot of the original game and motives of the Street Fighter characters.
 A Touch of the Sun is a 1956 British comedy film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Frankie Howerd Ruby Murray and Dennis Price. A hall porter is left a large inheritance by one of the residents. After taking a luxury holiday he takes over the hotel and begins running it himself.
 Poola Rangadu is a Telugu comedy film directed by Veerabhadram starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in lead roles. Atchi Reddy has produced the film under Max India banner. Anoop Rubens has scored the music and Prasad Murella has done the camera work. The film is being presented on R.R.Movie Makers banner. .
 The Monk and the Woman is a 1917 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered to be lost.
 Cóndor Crux la leyenda (English: Condor Crux the Legend) is a 2000 Argentine animated adventure film written and directed by Juan Pablo Buscarini and Swan Glecer. The film premiered on January 6 2000 in Buenos Aires. The film won a Silver Condor for Best Animated film.
 The South (Spanish: El Sur) is a 1983 drama film the second film of the perfectionist Spanish auteur Víctor Erice. It was voted the sixth best Spanish film by professionals and critics in 1996 Spanish cinema centenary. It is based on an Adelaida García Morales' short novel by the same title.
 The Wrong Ferarri (sic) is a feature-film written and directed by Adam Green. Conceived on Green's European music tour in the summer of 2010 the film was shot entirely on an iPhone camera with Green writing the script for the actors on index cards. Scenes were shot in France Prague Venice The Jersey Shore and New York City.
 A Change of Spirit is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Zigs is a 2001 English language drama starring Jason Priestley Peter Dobson and Richard Portnow and directed by Mars Callahan. The film received an R rating by the MPAA. It was also released under the title Double Down.
 A Man for All Seasons is a 1988 television movie about St. Thomas More directed by and starring Charlton Heston. It is based on the play of the same name by Robert Bolt which was previously adapted in the Academy Award-winning 1966 film.
 Love in the Wilderness is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge C.M. Hallard and Campbell Gullan. It was adapted from Gertrude Page's novel of the same title. The film is a romantic melodrama set partly on a farm in Southern Rhodesia. The film was shot in California.
 A Boy Called Dad (2009) is a British feature film produced by Made Up North Productions. It is the feature film debut of BAFTA winning director Brian Percival BAFTA winning screenwriter Julie Rutterford and BAFTA nominated producers Michael Knowles and Stacey Murray and co-producer Mark John (Vision Thing). It stars Ian Hart and Kyle Ward as father and son.
 Mangaiyar Thilakam (Tamil: மங்கையர் திலகம்) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan Padmini M. N. Rajam and S. V. Subbaiah in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1955.
 Madame Makes Her Exit (German:Madame hat Ausgang) is a 1932 German romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Liane Haid Hans Brausewetter Hilde Hildebrand. It premiered on 12 January 1932. A separate French language version Amourous Adventure was also released directed by Thiele with a largely different cast.
 Gerontophilia is a film by Canadian director Bruce LaBruce scheduled for release in 2013. It was screened in the Vanguard section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.Described as a gay Harold and Maude the film stars Pier-Gabriel Lajoie as Lake a young man who takes a job in a nursing home and develops a romantic and sexual attraction to Mr. Peabody (Walter Borden) a senior citizen resident in the facility.
 On the Buses is a 1971 British comedy film directed by Harry Booth and starring Reg Varney and Doris Hare. The film is the first spin-off film from the TV sitcom On the Buses and was followed by two further films Mutiny on the Buses (1972) and Holiday on the Buses (1973). The film was produced by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe for Hammer Films and enjoyed major success in Britain outdoing Diamonds are Forever to become the highest performing film of 1971.
 29 Palms is a 2002 direct-to-video film directed by Leonardo Ricagni about a bag of money that affects the characters who possess it and its varied contents as it passes from one to another.
 Heißer Sommer aka Hot Summer (USA) is a 1968 East German musical film. A 2001 video release promotes the film as The East German Grease although perhaps it is closer in concept to the 1963 British movie Summer Holiday which starred Cliff Richard.
 El Pibe Cabeza is a 1975 Argentine crime drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson.
 Take Away is a 2003 Australian comedy movie written by Dave O'Neil who also features as a minor character and Mark O'Toole. It stars Vince Colosimo Stephen Curry Rose Byrne and Nathan Phillips. The film starts in 19th century Victoria with the invention of the ever great Take away.
 Sadhyam is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Karthikeya starring Jagapati Babu and Priyamani.
 Untamed Frontier is a 1952 Western feature film.
 Mad About Music is a 1938 American musical film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Deanna Durbin Herbert Marshall and Gail Patrick. Based on a story by Marcella Burke and Frederick Kohner the film is about a girl at an exclusive boarding school who invents an exciting father. When her schoolmates doubt his existence she has to produce him. Mad About Music received Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction Best Cinematography Best Music and Best Original Story.
 The Lady in Ermine (1927) is a silent film romance/drama directed by James Flood and produced by and starring Corinne Griffith and distributed by First National Pictures. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Bharya Athra Pora is a 2013 Malayalam family film directed by Akku Akbar starring Jayaram and Gopika in the lead roles. The cast and crew of the successful 2008 film Veruthe Oru Bharya came together for making the film which is not a sequel to the first film.
 I'm a Cyborg But That's OK (Korean: 싸이보그지만 괜찮아; Ssaibogeujiman Gwaenchanha) is a 2006 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Park Chan-wook.
 Aunt Sally is a 1933 British musical comedy film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Cicely Courtneidge Sam Hardy and Phyllis Clare. The film was made by Gainsborough Pictures at their Islington Studios.
 The Green Terror is a 1919 British silent crime film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Aurelio Sidney Heather Thatcher and W.T. Ellwanger. It was based on the novel The Green Rust by Edgar Wallace. An American detective battles an evil Doctor who plans to destroy the world's wheat supplies.
 Kaneez is a Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film directed by renown director Hassan Tariq and produced by Hassan Tariq and Ali Sufiyan Afaqi. It cast Waheed Murad Zeba Mohammad Ali Sabiha Khanam Lehri Saqi Adeeb and Talish. It is a block buster musical family relationship film. Waheed Murad and Zeba played lead roles and Mohammad Ali played a complete character role.
 (For a 1992 film see The Final Judgement)The Final Judgment is a lost 1915 silent film produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures. Actor Edwin Carewe directed. It stars Ethel Barrymore in her second silent film and first as a player for then new Metro Pictures later to become a part of MGM in 1924. A complete print of this film was preserved by MGM.
 Mera Geet is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Swarg Yahan Narak Yahan is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Vimal Kumar starring Mithun Chakraborty Shilpa Shirodkar Sumalatha and Kader Khan
 Little Zizou is an 2009 Indian film in Hindi Gujarati and English written and directed by Sooni Taraporevala. Little Zizou is a fast-paced exuberant yet poignant comedy about how two battling Mumbai families finally come to terms.Little Zizou won the Rajat Kamal of 'National Film Award for Best Film on Family Welfare' category at the 56th National Film Awards.
 Polis Is This: Charles Olson and the Persistence of Place is a 2007 documentary film about the life of the poet Charles Olson produced and directed by independent film-maker Henry Ferrini. It was called “the best film about an American poet ever made” by William Corbett of the Boston Phoenix. The film was also an Official Selection at the 2007 Berkeley Film and Video Festival.
 Miss Nobody is a 2010 American film.
 Hold That Kiss (1938) is a romantic comedy film starring Maureen O'Sullivan and Dennis O'Keefe.
 Life Is Ruff is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Kyle Massey and Mitchel Musso.
 Sarppam is a 1979 Malayalam film.
 Tagget (alternative title Dragonfire) is a 1991 crime drama / spy movie telemovie in which the titular character — a disabled Vietnam War veteran and director of an electronics firm — investigates an attempt to kill him.
 Samsaram Adhu Minsaram (English: (lit.) Family Life is like Electricity) is a 1986 Tamil family drama film directed by Visu dealing about the day-to-day travesty and triumph in an ordinary joint family in Tamil Nadu. Starring Visu himself along with Lakshmi and Raghuvaran the film released on 18 July 1986 and won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment and Filmfare Best Film Award in 1987.
 Vision Quest (released in the UK and Australia as Crazy for You) is a 1985 coming of age drama film starring Matthew Modine Linda Fiorentino and Ronny Cox. It is based on Terry Davis' novel of the same name. Modine plays a Spokane high school wrestler who falls in love with an older woman an aspiring artist from New Jersey on her way to San Francisco.
 Theeradha Vilaiyattu Pillai (English: The Insatiable Playboy) is a 2010 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Thiru. The film produced by Vikram Krishna stars his brother Vishal Krishna in the lead role along with Neetu Chandra Tanushree Dutta making her debut in Tamil cinema and Sarah-Jane Dias who makes her acting debut. Santhanam Sathyan Sivakumar Mayilsamy and T. S. B. K.
 Losin' It is a 1983 comedy film starring Tom Cruise Shelley Long Jackie Earle Haley and John Stockwell. The film is directed by Curtis Hanson. It was filmed largely in Calexico California.
 The French Connection is a 1971 American dramatic thriller film directed by William Friedkin and produced by Philip D'Antoni. It starred Gene Hackman Fernando Rey and Roy Scheider. The film was adapted and fictionalized by Ernest Tidyman from the non-fiction book by Robin Moore. It tells the story of New York Police Department detectives named Popeye Doyle and Buddy Cloudy Russo whose real-life counterparts were Narcotics Detectives Eddie Egan and Sonny Grosso.
 A Hobo's Christmas is a 1987 American film made for TV and directed by Will Mackenzie and produced by Joe Byrne and Paul Freeman. The screenplay was written by Joe Byrne and Jeb Rosebrook. The film stars Barnard Hughes Gerald McRaney Wendy Crewson William Hickey Harley Cross Helen Stenborg Lee Weaver and Jamie Sorrentini.
 Money for Nothing: Inside the Federal Reserve is an independent feature-length American documentary about the Federal Reserve written and directed by Jim Bruce and narrated by Liev Schreiber. It examines 100 years of the Federal Reserve's history and discusses its actions and repercussions the US economy leading to the late-2000s financial crisis.
 The Final Terror (also known as Campsite Massacre Bump in the Night and The Forest Primeval) is a 1983 slasher film directed by Andrew Davis. The film was shot in 1981 in the Redwood forests of the California wilderness. It was not released for two years as the production searched for a distributor and was set under its two working titles The Creeper and Three Blind Mice. Finally it was released in 1983 to capitalize on the rising fame of its young stars (namely Ward Hannah and Zmed).
 My Old Dutch is a 1934 British black-and-white drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Betty Balfour Gordon Harker Michael Hogan Florrie Forde and Ronald Shiner (uncredited). The film portrays the lives of Londoners during the First World War. The film was produced by Gainsborough Pictures.
 The Fighting Renegade is a 1939 American western directed by Sam Newfield and produced by Sam Katzman for Katzman's Victory Pictures.
 StreetDance 3D (also called StreetDance in the non-3D version) is a British dance drama film which was released on 21 May 2010. The film was released in RealD 3D XpanD 3D and Dolby 3D with Max Giwa and Dania Pasquini directing it. Britain's Got Talent stars George Sampson Diversity and Flawless made their debut appearances to the big screen. The soundtrack to the film was written and performed by alternative acts N-Dubz Tinie Tempah Lightbulb Thieves and Chipmunk.
 The Sentimental Bloke (1919) is an Australian silent film based on the 1915 poem The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke by C.J. Dennis. It is generally considered the greatest Australian silent film and one of the best Australian movies of all time.
 Glena is an American documentary film directed by Allan Luebke. The film tells the story of Glena Avila a single mother fighting to become a professional mixed martial artist. The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival in January 2014.
 Bug Me Not! (traditional Chinese: 蟲不知; simplified Chinese: 虫不知; Cantonese Yale: Chung bat ji) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Law Chi-Leung. Isabella Leong portraying Moon in Bug Me Not! was nominated for Best New Performer for the 25th Hong Kong Film Awards in 2006.
 Meet the Boyfriend is a 1937 American film directed by Ralph Staub.
 Red Tail Reborn is a 2007 historical documentary film by Adam White about the Commemorative Air Force's Red Tail Project. The project involves the restoration exhibition and maintenance of a World War II P-51 Mustang flown by the United States Air Force 332d Fighter Group. The exhibition of this plane is considered to be a traveling and flying tribute to the Tuskegee Airmen.
 An Act of Conscience is a 1997 documentary film by Robbie Leppzer about the war tax resistance of Randy Kehler and Betsy Corner and years-long struggle that ensues after the IRS seizes their home in Colrain Massachusetts in 1989 to recover $27000 in unpaid taxes penalties and interest. The film premiered at Sundance Film Festival and was shown on Cinemax and the Sundance Channel.
 Detropia is a 2012 documentary film directed by Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady about the city of Detroit Michigan.
 Women Without Names is a 1940 American film directed by Robert Florey.
 Mason of the Mounted is a 1932 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
 The Americano is a 1916 American silent adventure/romantic comedy film directed by John Emerson and stars Douglas Fairbanks in his last production for Triangle Film Corporation. Based on the novel Blaze Derringer by Eugene P. Lyle Jr. the scenario was written by John Emerson and Anita Loos who also wrote the film's intertitles. The film was re-released by S.A. Lynch Enterprises on August 21 1923. A 16mm print of the film still exists.
 Thunderbolt is a 1910 film in the genre of outlaw films at the time that tended to glorify the life of the outlaw Bushrangers that roamed the Australian outback in pre-commonwealth days.
 Nursing a Viper is a 1909 silent short film by pioneer director D. W. Griffith. A paper print survived of the film in the Library of Congress.
 Subarashiki dansei (素晴しき男性) is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 The Trial (German: Der Prozeß) is a 1948 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. At the 9th Venice International Film Festival Pabst won the Award for Best Director; Ernst Deutsch won the award for Best Actor and the Volpi Cup. The story is based on the events of the Tiszaeszlár blood libel.
 500 Dunam on the Moon is a 2002 documentary film directed by Israeli director Rachel Leah Jones about Ayn Hawd a Palestinian village that was captured and depopulated by Israeli forces in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
 Ambitious Kung Fu Girl is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Lu Chin Ku starring Chen Kuan Tai and Michelle Yim.
 When I Saw You (Arabic: لما شفتك‎ translit. Lamma Shoftak) is a 2012 Palestinian drama film directed by Annemarie Jacir. The film was selected as the Palestinian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards and won Best Asian Film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival NETPAC award.
 We Are Not Alone (1939) is a drama film about a doctor who hires a woman as a nanny for his son. When his wife becomes jealous tragedy consumes all involved. The film is based on the novel of the same name by James Hilton who adapted his novel with Milton Krims.
 Out of the Clouds is a 1955 British drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Anthony Steel Sid James and James Robertson Justice. An Ealing Studios film it follows the lives of the passengers and crew on a day at an airport that was filmed in Heathrow Airport.
 Tombés du ciel (Lost in Transit literally Fallen from the Sky) is a 1994 French film directed by Philippe Lioret. Tombés du ciel won the Grand Prize at the 6th Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival held in February 1995.
 Fort Saganne is a 1984 French war film directed by Alain Corneau and starring Gérard Depardieu Philippe Noiret Catherine Deneuve and Sophie Marceau. Based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Louis Gardel the film is about a soldier of humble beginnings who volunteers for service in the Sahara in 1911.
 St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian:Szent Péter esernyöje) is a 1917 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Károly Lajthay Márton Rátkai and Victor Varconi. It was an adaptation of the 1895 novel St. Peter's Umbrella by Kálmán Mikszáth. Two adaptations were made later in 1935 and in 1958.
 It's All About Love is a 2003 romance-drama film written and directed by Thomas Vinterberg. Its narrative can be classified as apocalyptic science fiction but Vinterberg prefers to call it a dream.[citation needed] Unlike the director's earlier Danish-language films It's All About Love is entirely in English and stars Joaquin Phoenix Claire Danes and Sean Penn.
 The Four II (Chinese: 四大名捕2) is a 2013 Chinese-Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun. It is the sequel to 2012's The Four.
 Under My Nails is a Puerto Rican erotic crime thriller film directed by Ari Maniel Cruz and written produced and starting Kisha Tikina Burgos. The film's title refers to its primary protagonist's occupation as a nail salon tech. It is set in New York City New York United States.
 The Stroll (Russian: Прогулка translit. Progulka) is a 2003 Russian drama film directed by Alexei Uchitel. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Birth Story: Ina May Gaskin and the Farm Midwives is a 2012 documentary film about Ina May Gaskin directed by Sara Lamm and Mary Wigmore.
 Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings is a 2011 American horror film and the fourth installment in the Wrong Turn film series. The film serves as a prequel to the previous films. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 25 2011.
 Sadhu Aur Shaitaan (Hindi: साधु और शैतान) is a 1968 Hindi film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starring Mehmood Om Prakash and Pran in lead roles.
 Song of Summer is a 1968 black-and-white television film written produced and directed by Ken Russell for the BBC's Omnibus series which was first broadcast on 15 September 1968. It portrays the final six years of the life of Frederick Delius when he was blind and paralysed and when Eric Fenby lived with the composer and his wife Jelka as Delius's amanuensis.
 Big Daddy is a horror film directed produced and written by Carl K. Hittleman. It was filmed in 1965 under the title Paradise Road but not released until 1969.
 Autobiography of a Princess (1975) is a film by Merchant Ivory Productions (directed by James Ivory written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and produced by Ismail Merchant) starring James Mason and Madhur Jaffrey.
 Thanksgiving is an American short film released in 2004. It was directed by Tom Donahue and starred Yolonda Ross William Mahoney and James Urbaniak.
 Stamboul (1931) is a British drama film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Warwick Ward Rosita Moreno Margot Grahame and Garry Marsh and released by the British division of Paramount Pictures. Buchowetski also directed El hombre que asesino and L'homme que assasina Spanish- and French-language versions of the film also released by Paramount.The film is based on the novel L'homme que assasina (1906) by Claude Farrere and on a play by Pierre Frondaie.
 Drums of Fu Manchu (1940) is a 15-chapter Republic movie serial very loosely based on the novel by Sax Rohmer starring Henry Brandon William Royle and Robert Kellard. It was directed by the legendary serial team of William Witney and John English and is often considered one of the best movie serials ever made.
 Fuego (English: Fire) is a 1969 Argentine sexploitation film directed written and produced by Armando Bó and starring Isabel Sarli Bó and Alba Mujica.The film has been cited as a favorite by filmmaker John Waters who presented it as his annual selection within the 2002 Maryland Film Festival.
 Spare a Copper is a 1940 British black-and-white musical comedy war film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring George Formby Dorothy Hyson and Bernard Lee. It was produced by Associated Talking Pictures. It is also known as Call a Cop. The film features the songs I'm The Ukulele Man On The Beat I Wish I Was Back On The Farm and I'm Shy.
 Blindsight is a 2006 documentary film directed by Lucy Walker and produced by Sybil Robson Orr for Robson Entertainment. It premiered at 2006 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) in the category Real to Reel.Set against the breathtaking backdrop of the Himalayas Blindsight follows six Tibetan teenagers on their journey to climb the 23000 foot Lhakpa Ri mountain in the shadow of Mount Everest.
 The Benny Goodman Story is a biographical film starring Steve Allen and Donna Reed directed by Valentine Davies and released by Universal Studios in 1956. The film is based on the life of famed clarinetist Benny Goodman who recorded most of the clarinet solos used in the film.The film captures several major moments in Goodman's life but it has been described as less than accurate in details.
 Kadawunu Poronduwa (Sinhala: කඩවුනු පොරොන්දුව The Broken Promise) was the first film to be made in the Sinhala language; it is generally considered to have heralded the coming of Sinhala Cinema. The film was produced and filmed in India however and was highly influenced by South Indian melodrama. It was first shown on January 21 1947 at the Kingsley Cinema in Colombo Sri Lanka.A remake was released in 1982.
 Yohan: The Child Wanderer (Norwegian: Yohan – Barnevandrer) is a 2010 family film directed by Grete Salomonsen. The film is based on true stories about child wanderers in Norway.The film was made simultaneously in two languages English and Norwegian. It is scheduled to be distributed to 30 countries. It premiered in Norway on March 26 2010. As of August 2011 it still has not been released in the United States.Yohan is the most expensive children's film ever made in Norway.
 Camp Nowhere is a 1994 film directed by Jonathan Prince written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald and starring Christopher Lloyd Jonathan Jackson and Jessica Alba in her film debut. The film is rated PG by the MPAA and is the first family film under Disney's Hollywood Pictures banner.
 Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon (ガリバーの宇宙旅行 Garibā no Uchū Ryokō Gulliver's Space Travels) also known as Space Gulliver is a 1965 Japanese animated feature that was released in the United States in 1966.
 Tizoc is a 1957 Mexican drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival where Pedro Infante won the Silver Bear for Best Actor.
 Ooparwala Jaane is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Saigal. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Rehana Sultan .
 Jungle Child (German: Dschungelkind) is a 2011 German drama film directed by Roland Suso Richter.
 Trail Riders is a 1942 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey one of the Range Busters series.The film is also known as Dead Men Don't Ride (American pre-release title).
 The Green Goblin's Last Stand is a 1992 fan film by Den Poole based on the comic book story The Night Gwen Stacy Died published by Marvel Comics in The Amazing Spider-Man #121–122. Poole is the director producer creative editor screenwriter and star of the film. The film and its attendant documentary received showings and accolades at several small film festivals.
 Honeymoon (Spanish: Luna de miel) also shown as The Lovers of Teruel in the United States is a 1959 film by the British director-writer Michael Powell based in part on the ballet El Amor Brujo by Gregorio Martínez Sierra. The film stars Anthony Steel Ludmilla Tchérina and Spanish ballet dancer Antonio and features Léonide Massine.The film is something of a travelogue around Spain with dance interludes mainly set to the repeated theme of The Honeymoon Song by Mikis Theodorakis.
 Frøken Kirkemus is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 The Surgeon's Knife (1957) is a British crime film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Donald Houston Adrienne Corri and Lyndon Brook.
 Windy Riley Goes Hollywood is a 1931 short comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle using the pseudonym of William Goodrich. It featured Louise Brooks in her first talkie.
 Cover Girl is a 1944 American musical film starring Rita Hayworth and Gene Kelly. The film tells the story of a chorus girl given a chance at stardom when she is offered an opportunity to be a highly paid cover girl.
 Blood Creek previously known as Creek and Town Creek is a horror film directed by Joel Schumacher starring Michael Fassbender as the main antagonist and written by Dave Kajganich. The film had a limited theatrical release on September 18 2009. The film also stars Dominic Purcell and Henry Cavill as brothers on a mission of revenge who become trapped in a harrowing occult experiment dating back to the Third Reich.
 Idhaya Malar is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Fate's Decree is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood Richard Cummings Fred Hamer Justin MacDonald and Billie West.
 The Vengeance Trilogy (Korean: 복수 삼부작) is a series of three films Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance (2002) Oldboy (2003) and Sympathy for Lady Vengeance (2005) directed by South Korean filmmaker Park Chan-wook. Each deals with the themes of revenge violence and salvation. The films are not narratively connected and were dubbed a trilogy by international critics because of their thematic links.In the United Kingdom Tartan Films released the box set of the three films on DVD.
 Clean and Sober is a 1988 American drama film directed by Glenn Gordon Caron and starring Michael Keaton as a real estate agent struggling with a substance abuse problem. This film was a dramatic departure from comedies for Keaton. The supporting cast includes Kathy Baker M. Emmet Walsh Morgan Freeman and Tate Donovan.Ron Howard who previously directed Keaton in the comedies Night Shift (1982) and Gung Ho (1986) served as co-producer.
 No Limit: A Search for the American Dream on the Poker Tournament Trail is a 2006 documentary film about the professional poker tournament circuit. The film follows producer Susan Genard as she enters several Seven-Card Stud Hi/Lo and Omaha poker tournaments across the country. Dozens of professional poker players appear in the film. No Limit features interviews with over 40 of the top players in the world.
 La soledad (English: Solitary Fragments) is a 2007 Spanish film written and directed by Jaime Rosales. It was Rosales's second film he had previously made The Hours of the Day. Solitary Fragments (La soledad) divided in five chapters follows a dual narrative the characters' lives unfold as a series of everyday concerns over health work shelter relationships and money.
 Recollections of the Yellow House (Portuguese: Recordações da Casa Amarela) is a 1989 Portuguese film directed by João César Monteiro.
 Rangbaaz is an Bengali language action film directed by Raja Chanda and produced under the banner of Surinder Films. The film stars Dev and Koel Mallick in lead roles. It is a remake of the 2007 Telugu film Chirutha starring Ram Charan Teja. This film is declared hit at box office.
 Dil Maange More (English: The Heart Wants More) is a 2004 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Anant Mahadevan and produced by Fourth Wall Productions. It was filmed in India in the Hindi language. The film was a flop at the box office and did not cover it's small budget.
 Amílcar Cabral is a documentary film directed by Ana Ramos Lisboa about African icon and martyr Amílcar Cabral.
 Life with Billy is a 1994 Canadian television film based on the non-fiction book of the same name by Brian Vallée. The film was nominated for five Gemini Awards and won three.The film begins with Jane Hurshman (Beatty) shooting her common-law husband Billy Stafford (McHattie) in his sleep and then shows the resulting police investigation and trial interspersed with flashbacks showing the domestic abuse that Stafford inflicted on Hurshman over the course of their relationship.
 The Hands of Cormac Joyce is a 1972 telemovie.
 555 is a 1988 horror film directed and produced by Wally Koz and written by Roy Koz.
 Wild Love (Italian: Gli innamorati) is a 1955 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 What a Crazy World is a 1963 film directed by Michael Carreras from a script by Carreras and Alan Klein from the latter's stage play. An unemployed working class lad Alf Hitchens has an on-off relationship with his girlfriend Marilyn whilst trying to sell a song he has written. Cheery pop musical featuring a number of late 1950's and early 1960's pop acts including an appearance by Freddie and the Dreamers.
 Daughter of the East also known as 'The Boy of the Dardanelles' is a 1924 Australian silent film directed by Roy Darling. It is considered a lost film.
 The Flesh Eaters is a 1964 American horror/science fiction thriller directed on a low budget by Jack Curtis and edited by future filmmaker Radley Metzger. The film contains moments of violence much more graphic and extreme than many other movies of its time making it one of the first ever gore films.
 Gremlins is a 1984 American horror comedy film directed by Joe Dante released by Warner Bros. The film is about a young man who receives a strange creature called a mogwai as a pet which then spawns other creatures who transform into small destructive evil monsters. This story was continued with a sequel Gremlins 2: The New Batch released in 1990. Unlike the lighter sequel the original Gremlins opts for more black comedy which is balanced against a Christmas-time setting.
 Bakgat! is a 2008 South African teen comedy film directed by Henk Pretorius and written by Pretorius and Danie Bester.
 Three Guys Named Mike is a 1951 American black-and-white film by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Charles Walters. In 1979 the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.Described as a lighthearted and lightweight story by Turner Classic Movies Three Guys Named Mike chronicles the story of a flight attendant (known in the 1950s as an airline hostess or a stewardess) and three men.
 Ma 6-T va crack-er (i.e. Ma cité va craquer in standard French My City is Going to Crack derived from craquer break down and the drug crack cocaine) is a French movie directed by Jean-François Richet in 1997 caricaturing gang warfare.
 Coyote Ugly is a 2000 romantic comedy/drama based on the actual Coyote Ugly Saloon set in New York City. The film stars Piper Perabo and Adam Garcia. It was directed by David McNally produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and Chad Oman and written by Gina Wendkos.
 Singam II is a 2013 Tamil action-masala film written and directed by Hari. A sequel to the successful 2010 film Singam the film stars Suriya who reprises his title role along with Anushka Shetty Hansika Motwani Vivek and Santhanam in supporting roles. Produced by S. Lakshman Kumar it has music and background score by Devi Sri Prasad. The film was released on 5 July 2013 along with a Telugu dubbed version titled Yamudu II to mixed reviews.
 Sundown is a 1941 American war film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Bruce Cabot and Gene Tierney. The film's adventure story set against a World War II backdrop in British East Africa was well received by critics earning three Academy Award nominations but was not a box office success.
 Vado a vivere da solo (also known as I'm Going to Live by Myself) is a 1982 Italian comedy film. It marked the feature film debut of Marco Risi. The film achieved a cult status and generated a 2008 sequel Torno a vivere da solo.
 Tur & retur (Round-trip) is a 2003 Swedish comedy film directed and written by Ella Lemhagen.
 Raja Huli is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language comedy-drama film directed by Guru Deshpande and written by S. R. Prabhakaran. Produced by K. Manju's home production the film is a remake of the Tamil film Sundarapandian (2012) which was produced and enacted by M. Sasikumar. The film stars Yash and Meghana Raj in the lead roles.
 The Two Brothers is a 1910 American short Western film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Cita en la frontera is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Libertad Lamarque.
 Stone Pillow was a 1985 television movie directed by George Schaefer in which Lucille Ball in an attempt to make a dramatic breakout from her years in comedy portrayed an older homeless woman with few resources and even fewer options. The picture received rather mixed reviews but ranked as one of the top 10 highest rated telecasts that week and it led Ball to make one last attempt to return to her comedy roots with Life with Lucy the next year.
 We're Not Dressing is a 1934 screwball musical comedy directed by Norman Taurog. Based on the 1902 J. M. Barrie play The Admirable Crichton the film is about a beautiful yacht owner (Carole Lombard) who becomes stranded on an island with her socialite friends a wacky husband-and-wife research team (George Burns and Gracie Allen) and a singing sailor (Bing Crosby). The supporting cast includes Ethel Merman and Ray Milland.
 Happy Birthday Oscar Wilde is a 2004 documentary film that celebrates Oscar Wilde's 150th birthday. Over 150 of his well known quotes are delivered by 150 of stars in stage screen and music.
 Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film.
 See also The Life of Riley (disambiguation).The Life of Reilly is a 2006 American film adaptation of actor Charles Nelson Reilly's one-man play Save It For the Stage: The Life of Reilly. Written by Reilly and Paul Linke and directed by Frank L. Anderson and Barry Poltermann the film is an edited version of Reilly's much longer stage show filmed live before audiences at the El Portal Theater in North Hollywood California in October 2004.
 Battling with Buffalo Bill (1931) is a Universal Pictures movie serial based on the book The Great West That Was by William Buffalo Bill Cody which had also been used as the inspiration for the studio's highly successful 1930 serial The Indians Are Coming.This was Universal's 78th serial the 10th with sound and 4th with full sound of the studio's total of 137 serials.
 Pygmalion is a 1935 German film based on George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion.
 Time to Live (French: Le Temps de vivre) is a 1969 French drama film directed by Bernard Paul. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 45365 is a 2009 documentary film made by first-time directors and brothers Bill Ross IV and Turner Ross. The film is about the everyday life of small town Sidney Ohio and the people living in it; the title comes from the town's postal (zip) code.45365 premiered at the 2009 South by Southwest Film Festival where it won the Grand Jury Prize. It won the Roger and Chaz Ebert Truer than Fiction award at the 2010 Independent Spirit Awards.
 Flight Angels is a 1940 aviation film directed by Lewis Seiler from an original story by Jerry Wald and Richard Macaulay. It starred Virginia Bruce Dennis Morgan Wayne Morris and Ralph Bellamy as members of a fictional airline flying Douglas DST airliners. The basic premise of the film to accurately describe the training and operational conditions of an airline is faithfully depicted as stewardess and pilots go through the daily routine of flying in the 1940s.
 Luke Patient Provider is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Catch Me... I'm in Love is a 2011 Filipino romantic film starring Sarah Geronimo and Gerald Anderson. It was released on March 23 2011. This was the first team-up of Gerald Anderson and Sarah Geronimo in the silver screen both of them already worked in an commercial advertisement.They recently made their second movie of the tandem entitled Won't Last A Day Without You which premiered nationwide last November 30 at the same year.
 Trip to Vienna (German:Die Reise nach Wien) is a 1973 German drama film directed by Edgar Reitz and starring Elke Sommer Hannelore Elsner and Mario Adorf. During the closing months of the Second World War two small-town German woman discover some money in an attic and decide to spend it on a trip to Vienna.
 Nos vemos papa is a 2011 Mexican drama film directed by Luca Carreras.The film is Lucía's first directorial venture.It was an official entry for the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala
 Nader Nimai is an Indian film based on the life of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. This film was directed Sri Bimal Roy and released in 1960 in Bengali language.
 Viva la Muerte (English: Long Live Death) is a 1971 French-Tunisian drama film shot in Tunisia and directed by Fernando Arrabal. The film released on May 12 1971 and Arrabal drew from his own childhood for inspiration for the movie. Viva la Muerte takes place at the end of the Spanish Civil War telling the story of Fando a young boy whose father was turned in to authorities as a suspected communist by his fascist-sympathizing mother. It has gained cult popularity as a midnight movie.
 Not to be confused with the 1997 film Cat's Eye or the manga of the same name.Cat's Eye (also known as Stephen King's Cat's Eye) is a 1985 American anthology horror film directed by Lewis Teague and written by Stephen King. It comprises three stories Quitters Inc. The Ledge and General. The first two are adaptations of short stories in King's Night Shift collection and the third is unique to the film.
 Lucky Losers is a 1950 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on May 14 1950 by Monogram Pictures and is the eighteenth film in the series. It had the working title of High Stakes.
 Lost in Translation is a 2003 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It was her second feature film after The Virgin Suicides (1999). It stars Bill Murray Scarlett Johansson Giovanni Ribisi Anna Faris and Fumihiro Hayashi. The film revolves around an aging actor named Bob Harris (Murray) and a recent college graduate named Charlotte (Johansson) who develop a rapport after a chance meeting in a Tokyo hotel.
 Cosmopolitan is a 2003 American independent film starring Roshan Seth and Carol Kane and directed by Nisha Ganatra. The film based on an acclaimed short story by Akhil Sharma and written by screenwriter Sabrina Dhawan (Monsoon Wedding) is a cross-cultural romance between a confused and lonely middle-aged East Indian who has lived in America for 20 years and his exasperating free-spirited blonde neighbor.The film was released theatrically in 2003.
 Suor Emanuelle (Sister Emanuelle) is a 1977 Exploitation film. It can be classified under both the nunsploitation and sexploitation exploitation film sub genres. It is part of the long running Black Emanuelle series of films starring Laura Gemser.
 Restaurant is a 1998 independent film starring Adrien Brody Elise Neal David Moscow and Simon Baker. Written by Tom Cudworth and directed by Eric Bross Restaurant was the follow-up to this writing–directing duo's first film TenBenny which also starred Adrien Brody. Restaurant premiered at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival on April 17 1998 and garnered Adrien Brody an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Male Lead.
 Titanic is a 1915 Italian silent film directed by Pier Angelo Mazzolotti and starring Mario Bonnard Giovanni Casaleggio and Pierino Chiesa. Despite its title the film is not about the Sinking of the RMS Titanic but the discovery of a mineral of the same name.
 The Crucifix is a 1934 black-and-white film directed by G.B. Samuelson.
 I Am Kalam is a Hindi film directed by Nila Madhab Panda. The plot revolves around Chhotu a poor Rajasthani boy who is inspired by the life of the former President of India A. P. J. Abdul Kalam and his strong desire to learn. The character of Chhotu has been performed by Harsh Mayar a Delhi slum boy. The film premiered at the 63rd Cannes Film Festival on 12 May 2010.
 Hugo Pool (also known as Pool Girl in the UK) is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Downey Sr. starring Alyssa Milano and Patrick Dempsey.
 The Bear is a 1998 short animated television film directed by Hilary Audus. Based on the book of the same name by the author Raymond Briggs the film first broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom during Christmas 1999. It was also released on Buena Vista Home Video in 1998 the year before its release on British television. Like The Snowman the film does not have any spoken dialogue although for the American version Judi Dench narrates the film.
 Deadliest Sea is a fictional made-for-TV movie that originally aired on the Discovery Channel on July 19 2009. It is about the crew of the Kodiak Alaska-based scallop fishing vessel St. Christopher. It was produced by the producers of the popular Discovery Channel series Deadliest Catch.
 F.A.L.T.U (Full expansion: Fakirchand and Lakirchand Trust University English translation: Useless (बेकार)) is a Hindi energetic comedy film directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Vashu Bhagnani under the banner Puja Entertainment (India) Ltd. It is a remake of the 2006 comedy Accepted.It stars Jackky Bhagnani Puja Gupta Chandan Roy Sanyal and Angad Bedi in the lead roles. Riteish Deshmukh Arshad Warsi Akbar Khan and Darshan Jariwala appear in supporting roles.
 Carry On Cleo is a British film comedy which was released in 1964. It is the tenth in the series of Carry On films to be made and the website ICONS.a portrait of England describes Carry On Cleo as perhaps the best of the series. Regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Kenneth Connor Charles Hawtrey and Jim Dale are present and Connor made his last appearance until his return in Carry On Up the Jungle six years later.
 Chitrangi (Tamil: சித்ராங்கி) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film directed by R. S. Mani. The film stars A. V. M. Rajan and Pushpalatha in the lead roles. It was produced under the banner of Modern Theatres. The soundtrack was composed by Vedha while the lyrics were written by K. M. Balasubramaniam and Vaali.
 The Silent Village is a 1943 British propaganda short film in the form of a drama documentary made by the Crown Film Unit and directed by Humphrey Jennings. The film was named one of the top 5 documentaries of 1943 by the National Board of Review.
 On the Night of the Fire released in the United States as The Fugitive is a 1939 British thriller directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Ralph Richardson and Diana Wynyard. The film is based on the novel of the same name by F. L. Green. It was shot on location in Newcastle upon Tyne and was released shortly after the outbreak of World War II.
 Quiet City is a 2007 film directed by Aaron Katz that premiered at the 2007 South by Southwest Film Festival in the Emerging Visions category. Subsequently it played at film festivals around the world including the Sarasota Film Festival Maryland Film Festival Stockholm Film Festival and Milano Film Festival among others before premiering theatrically in New York on August 31 2007.
 Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is a 2004 romantic comedy film directed by Beeban Kidron based on Helen Fielding's novel of the same name. It stars Renée Zellweger as Bridget Jones Colin Firth as Mark Darcy and Hugh Grant as Daniel Cleaver. It is the sequel to Bridget Jones's Diary (2001).
 Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (also known as Friday the 13th Part IV or Friday the 13th Part IV: The Final Chapter) is a 1984 slasher film. It is the fourth film in the Friday the 13th film series. Though it was billed as The Final Chapter there have been many further sequels in the franchise. The popularity and financial success of the film which grossed over $32 million kept Paramount Pictures from retiring the franchise.
 Unarchigal is a 1976 Tamil language film directed by R. C. Sakthi starring Kamal Haasan and Srividya in the lead roles. It is a highly sensuous film which deals with sexually transmitted diseases and subsequently the film ran into trouble with the censor board prompting a delay in its release.
 Jab Tak Hai Jaan (English: As Long as I Live) is a 2012 Indian romantic drama film directed by Yash Chopra and written and produced by Aditya Chopra under their production banner Yash Raj Films. It features Shahrukh Khan Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma in lead roles; this is the first collaboration between Khan and Kaif and the second between Khan and Sharma (they previously featured in the 2008 film Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi).
 The Bushbaby is a 1969 film based on the novel The Bushbabies (1965) by William Stevenson and adapted by Robert Maxwell. It was directed and produced by John Trent and stars Margaret Brooks and Lou Gossett in the title roles also starring Donald Houston and Laurence Naismith.The film tells an episode in the life of Jackie Leeds daughter of John Leeds.
 Auto Raja is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Bhaskaran. The film stars Vijayakanth and Jaishankar in the lead roles.
 2012 is a 2009 American science fiction disaster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It stars John Cusack Chiwetel Ejiofor Amanda Peet Oliver Platt Thandie Newton Danny Glover and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Emmerich's production company Centropolis Entertainment and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 Maxie is a 1985 fantasy film. It is directed by Paul Aaron and stars Glenn Close Mandy Patinkin Valerie Curtin Ruth Gordon and Barnard Hughes.
 Khamosh Pani (Punjabi: خاموش پانی; lit. Silent Waters) is a 2003 French/German production about a widowed mother and her young son set in a late 1970s village in Punjab Pakistan which is coming under radical influence.The film was released in India too. It was shot in a village in Pakistan and won 7 awards including Golden Leopard (Best Film) Best Actress and Best Direction at the 56th Locarno International Film Festival Switzerland.
 Where the Heart Is is a 1990 American romantic comedy film directed by John Boorman and starring Dabney Coleman and Uma Thurman.
 The Gap (Spanish: El boquete) is a 2006 Argentine comedy-drama film directed and written by Mariano Mucci. It stars Valentina Bassi and Daniel Valenzuela.
 Arabian Nights is a 1974 Italian film directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini. Its original Italian title is Il fiore delle mille e una notte which means The Flower of the One Thousand and One Nights.The film is an adaptation of the ancient Arabic anthology The Book of One Thousand and One Nights better known as The Arabian Nights. It is the last of Pasolini's Trilogy of Life which began with The Decameron and continued with The Canterbury Tales.
 Queen of the Desert is an upcoming biographical drama film written and directed by Werner Herzog and is based on the life of British traveller writer archaeologist explorer cartographer and political officer Gertrude Bell. The film stars Nicole Kidman James Franco and Robert Pattinson.
 Teacher's Beau is a 1935 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 136th Our Gang short (48th talking episode) that was released.
 Moondru Mudichu (English: The Three Knots) is a 1976 Tamil film that was directed by K. Balachander. The movie stars Kamal Hassan Rajinikanth and Sridevi in major roles. The movie revolves around three people a college going girl (Sridevi) and two men who fall in love with her (Hassan and Rajinikanth). The film was based on 1974 Telugu film O Seeta Katha directed by K.
 The Strength o' Ten is a 1914 American silent drama short film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film stars William Garwood and Harry von Meter.
 Calmos is a 1976 French film directed by Bertrand Blier.
 Under the Tree (Indonesian: Di Bawah Pohon) is a 2008 Indonesian movie directed by Garin Nugroho.
 The Viral Factor is a 2012 Hong Kong-Chinese action film directed by Dante Lam and starring Jay Chou and Nicholas Tse. The supporting cast includes Lin Peng Michelle Bai Andy On Carl Ng Liu Kai-chi and Elaine Jin and the action director is Chin Kar-lok. Production started in March 2011，and it was released in January 17 2012.
 Mr. Pip is a 2012 New Zealand film based on Lloyd Jones' novel Mister Pip. Andrew Adamson wrote the film adaption which he also directed. Hugh Laurie played Mr. Watts.
 Dark City is a 1998 neo-noir science fiction film directed by Alex Proyas. It was adapted from a screenplay written by Proyas David S. Goyer and Lem Dobbs. The film stars Rufus Sewell Kiefer Sutherland Jennifer Connelly and William Hurt. Sewell plays John Murdoch a man suffering from amnesia who finds himself accused of murder.
 Hanste Zakhm is a 1973 Indian Hindi film produced and directed by Chetan Anand. The film stars Navin Nischol Priya Rajvansh Balraj Sahni and Nadira in lead roles. The film has music composed by Madan Mohan and lyrics penned by Kaifi Azmi.
 Invisible Waves (Thai: คำพิพากษาของมหาสมุทร) is a 2006 crime film by Thai director Pen-Ek Ratanaruang with screenplay by Prabda Yoon cinematography by Christopher Doyle and starring Tadanobu Asano – all people that Pen-Ek had worked with on his previous film Last Life in the Universe. It had its world premiere at the Berlin Film Festival and was also shown at the 2006 Bangkok International Film Festival and the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival.
 White Elephant (Spanish: Elefante blanco) is a 2012 Argentine drama film directed by Pablo Trapero. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Titfield Thunderbolt is a 1953 British comedy film about a group of villagers trying to keep their branch line operating after British Railways decided to close it. The film was written by T.E.B. Clarke and was inspired by the restoration of the narrow gauge Talyllyn Railway in Wales the world's first heritage railway run by volunteers.It starred Stanley Holloway George Relph and John Gregson and was directed by Charles Crichton. Michael Truman was the producer.
 Bird of Paradise is a 1932 American romantic adventure drama film directed by King Vidor starring Dolores del Río Joel McCrea and Richard Skeets Gallagher and released by RKO Radio Pictures.In 1960 the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication. The film has been relicensed and distributed by Kino Lorber on Blu-ray Disc and DVD in April 2012 as part of the David O.
 Radio On is a 1979 film directed by Christopher Petit. It is a rare example of a British road movie shot in black and white and featuring music from a number of New Wave bands from the time as well as established artists such as Kraftwerk and David Bowie. It is a journey through late seventies Britain by way of a road trip from London to Bristol with Robert a DJ (played by David Beames) attempting to investigate the suicide of his brother.
 Æon Flux is a 2005 science fiction action film directed by Karyn Kusama. The film is a loose adaptation of the animated science fiction television series of the same name which was created by animator Peter Chung. It stars Charlize Theron as the title character. The film was released on December 2 2005 by Paramount Pictures in the United States.
 Soul Kitchen is a 2009 German comedy film directed by Fatih Akın with a screenplay by Akın and Adam Bousdoukos. Bousdoukos based the story on his own experiences as the owner of a Greek tavern named Taverna where Akın was a regular customer. Akın filmed the movie entirely in the Hamburg area.The film had its world premiere on 10 September 2009 at the 66th Venice Film Festival. The movie received general release in Germany on 25 December 2009.
 The Throwback was a proposed Australian feature film shot in 1920 from director Arthur Shirley. It was also known as The Comeback. Although the movie was not completed eleven minutes of footage from it survive today.
 Riding with Buffalo Bill (1954) was the 54th serial released by Columbia Pictures.
 Stauffenberg is a Germano–Austrian TV film released in 2004 by Das Erste (German TV ARD) about Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg and the 20 July 1944 plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.The film was awarded best film at the Deutscher Fernsehpreis (German Television Awards).The film goes by the international English name of Operation Valkyrie.
 The Scapegoat is a 1959 crime film based on the novel of the same name by Daphne du Maurier and starring Alec Guinness Nicole Maurey and Bette Davis.
 Dharani Mandala Madhyadolage (Kannada: ಧರಣಿಮಂಡಲ ಮಧ್ಯದೊಳಗೆ At the Center of Earth) is a 1983 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal starring Srinath Chandrashekar Ramakrishna Jai Jagadish and TN Seetharam.
 Whiskey Bay (also known as Bad Country) is a film starring Willem Dafoe Matt Dillon Amy Smart and Tom Berenger. The film started shooting in Baton Rouge and Angola Louisiana on August 7 2012.The film was in post-production when director Chris Brinker died suddenly on February 8 2013.Brinker was to be presented with the Robert Smalls Indie Vision Award at the 7th annual Beaufort South Carolina International Film Festival in February 2013.
 King of New York is a 1990 crime drama film starring Christopher Walken Laurence Fishburne David Caruso Wesley Snipes Victor Argo Giancarlo Esposito and Steve Buscemi. It was directed by independent filmmaker Abel Ferrara and written by Nicholas St. John.
 Devatha Manushya (Kannada: ದೇವತಾ ಮನುಷ್ಯ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao. The film starred Rajkumar Geetha and K. S. Ashwath in lead roles. The movie is famous for its evergreen songs which was composed by Upendra Kumar. The film was a major success at the box-office upon its release.
 Saint Ange also known as House of Voices is a 2004 French-Romanian horror film written and directed by Pascal Laugier. It is Laugier's feature film debut.
 Carry On Jack is the eighth in the series of Carry On films to be made and was released in 1963. Most of the usual Carry On team are missing from this film: only Kenneth Williams and Charles Hawtrey appear throughout. Bernard Cribbins makes the first of his three appearances in a Carry On. Juliet Mills Donald Houston and Cecil Parker make their only Carry on appearances in this film.
 Glass (Dutch: Glas) is a 1958 Dutch short documentary film by director and producer Bert Haanstra. The film won the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject in 1959. The film is about the glass industry in the Netherlands. It contrasts the hand made crystal from the Royal Leerdam Glass Factory with automated bottle making machines.
 Dream Lover is a 1986 thriller film about a woman who undergoes sleep deprivation therapy after being attacked in her apartment - with unexpected results. The film was directed by Alan J. Pakula and stars Kristy McNichol Ben Masters and Joseph Culp.
 Closed Mondays is an eight-minute animated film using animated three-dimensional clay figures created by Will Vinton and Bob Gardiner in 1974. It was produced by Lighthouse Productions released by Pyramid Films in the United States and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
 Lions4Life is a monthly reality show produced by GreenSmile Productions. It debuted on SuperSport (TV channel) 1 on Thursday 23 February 2012 at 19:30 for its first season which ran for 11 episodes. Currently Lions4Life is in its second season which aired on 31 January 2013.
 Było sobie miasteczko... (English: There Once Was a Town...) is a 2009 Polish historical documentary film about the 1943 Kisielin massacre in the village of Kisielin (now Kysylyn) located in the Wołyń Voivodeship in Poland before World War II (now in Ukraine). The film directed by Tadeusz Arciuch and Maciej Wojciechowski was produced by Adam Kruk for Telewizja Polska.Było sobie miasteczko...
 La abuelita (The Granny) is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Torrance Rises is a 1999 mockumentary directed by and starring Spike Jonze.The film is based on a dance group in Torrance California and traces their journey to the MTV Video Music Awards presentation. The music video for Fatboy Slim's 1999 song Praise You also directed by Jonze features a street performance by this group.Torrance Rises also appears in the compilation The Work Of Director Spike Jonze (Palm Pictures).
 Cheer Up and Smile is a 1930 American musical film directed by Sidney Lanfield. The film starred Arthur Lake Dixie Lee and Olga Baclanova and a 23-year old John Wayne had a minor uncredited role.
 Chinnavar is a 1992 Tamil language drama film directed by Gangai Amaran. The film features Prabhu Chandrasekhar and Kasthuri in lead roles. The film was released on 24 April 1992.
 Desert Bloom is a 1986 American drama film directed by Eugene Corr and starring an ensemble cast led by Jon Voight and JoBeth Williams. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival and funded through the Sundance Film Festival Institute.
 Lisbon (Lisboa) is a 1999 Argentine-Spanish thriller directed by Antonio Hernández.
 The Grip of the Yukon is a 1928 silent film Northwoods drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Ernst Laemmle a nephew of Universal founder Carl Laemmle and starred Francis X. Bushman and Neil Hamilton. The film is based on a story by William MacLeod Raine The Yukon Trail A Tale of the North. A lost film. It's possible that it may survive in a 16mm print.
 Her Alibi is a 1989 American romantic comedy directed by Bruce Beresford written by Charlie Peters and starring Paulina Porizkova Tom Selleck William Daniels and James Farentino.
 Carnaval de antaño is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Mr. India is a 1961 film about a naive unemployed youth who is mistaken for a look-alike gangster. I.S. Johar stars as Gullu and Geeta Bali portrays Miss Bambi.
 Dog Day is a 1984 film starring Lee Marvin. A criminal shows up at a farmhouse with the law on his heels and several million dollars in his possession. The supporting cast includes Tina Louise and Juliette Mills. The movie was directed by Yves Boisset.
 Superman/Batman: Public Enemies is a 2009 original direct-to-video animated superhero film adaptation of Public Enemies—the opening story arc of DC Comics' Superman/Batman—which focuses on Superman and Batman teaming up to prevent a meteorite from striking Earth and take down Lex Luthor who has been elected President of the United States. The film is the sixth in the line of the DC Universe Animated Original Movies line released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation.
 Dance Lexie Dance is a short film made in Northern Ireland and released in 1996. The two principal characters are a widower Lexie and his daughter Laura who live in Derry. Laura becomes keen on Irish stepdance and on joining Riverdance when she grows up. Traditional Irish dancing is practiced by Catholic families. Lexie and his daughter are Protestant but Lexie relents and encourages his daughter. Self-taught Laura enters a dance contest across the River Foyle in a Catholic district.
 Splinterheads is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by Brant Sersen. It stars Thomas Middleditch Rachael Taylor Christopher McDonald and Lea Thompson. The film opened in limited release in the United States on November 6 2009.The film is about a young man Justin Frost (Middleditch) who falls in love with Galaxy (Taylor) a splinterhead (someone who works at a carnival but is not a carny).
 Thaye Neeye Thunai is a 1987 Tamil Indian feature film directed by P.R.Somasundar. The film stars Karthik Muthuraman and K. R. Vijaya in the lead roles.
 Hider in the House is a 1989 psychological thriller directed by Matthew Patrick and starring Gary Busey and Mimi Rogers.A recently released psychiatric patient named Tom Sykes creates a home for himself in the attic of the Dreyer family's newly built house.
 Nos jours heureux is a 2006 French film starring Marilou Berry and Jean-Paul Rouve.
 Summer Rental is a 1985 comedy film directed by Carl Reiner and starring John Candy. The film's screenplay was written by Mark Reisman and Jeremy Stevens. An original music score was composed for the film by Alan Silvestri.
 Hear 'Em Rave is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 For the 1969 film see Battle of Britain (film). For the World War II battle see Battle of Britain.The Battle of Britain was the fourth of Frank Capra's Why We Fight series of seven propaganda films which made the case for fighting and winning the Second World War. It was released in 1943 and concentrated on the German bombardment of the United Kingdom in anticipation of Operation Sea Lion the planned Nazi invasion of Great Britain.
 Kanyadanam is a 1998 Telugu film starring Upendra Srikanth and Rachana in the lead roles directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and produced by Ambica Krishna. The film's music was composed by Koti. The film released on 10 July 1998 across Andhra Pradesh. Kanyadanam was Upendra's debut movie in Telugu. The film explored the soft and romantic side of Upendra who had gained a much dreaded image after his psychopath performance in his earlier Kannada Telugu blockbuster A.
 101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated film produced by Disney Television Animation and released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on January 21 2003. The film is the sequel to the 1961 Disney animated film One Hundred and One Dalmatians. The film features the voices of Martin Short Jason Alexander Barry Bostwick Susanne Blakeslee Kath Soucie Jeff Bennett Jim Cummings and Bobby Lockwood.
 Good Morning Eve! (1934) is a Vitaphone short comedy film released by Warner Brothers on August 5 1934 in the three-strip Technicolor process (Process No. 4). The release of this film and Service With a Smile (released July 28 1934) predated the RKO Radio Pictures release La Cucaracha also produced in three-strip Technicolor by a few weeks.
 Creep is a 2004 independent British horror film written and directed by Christopher Smith about a woman locked in overnight on the London Underground who finds herself being stalked by a hideously deformed killer living in the sewers below. The film was first shown at the Frankfurt Fantasy Filmfest in Germany on 10 August 2004.
 Mi primera novia is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Bhola Bhala is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Satpal. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Rekha and Moushumi Chatterjee.
 Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama film starring Spencer Tracy Sidney Poitier and Katharine Hepburn and featuring Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton.
 Germ Z also billed as Germ is a 2013 medical fiction/horror film. It depicts the residents of a small town who become infected with a bacteria that has fallen to Earth from space. It was produced by Two Thirds Productions.
 A Bath House Beauty is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Koyla (translation: Coal) is a 1997 Hindi action thriller film produced and directed by Rakesh Roshan. The film stars Madhuri Dixit Shahrukh Khan Amrish Puri Himani Shivpuri Johnny Lever Ashok Saraf and Kunika. Mohnish Behl is featured in a guest appearance.
 Friday Foster is a 1975 blaxploitation film written and directed by Arthur Marks and starring Pam Grier in the title role. Yaphet Kotto Eartha Kitt Scatman Crothers and Carl Weathers co-starred. It was an adaptation of the 1970-74 eponymous syndicated newspaper comic strip scripted by Jim Lawrence and illustrated by Jorge Longarón and Gray Morrow. This was Grier's final film with American International Pictures. The tagline on the film's poster is Wham! Bam! Here comes Pam!
 Daikaijū Tōkyō ni arawaru (大怪獣東京に現わる) is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Takeshi Miyasaka.
 The Girl on the Train (French: La fille du RER) is a 2009 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Emilie Dequenne Catherine Deneuve and Michel Blanc. The plot centers on an aimless girl who lies about being the victim of a hate crime.
 The Swinger is a 1966 film directed by George Sidney. It stars Ann-Margret and Anthony Franciosa.
 Young Man's Fancy is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Robert Stevenson and starring Anna Lee and Griffith Jones and Seymour Hicks. An aristocratic Englishman is unhappily engaged to a brewery heiress but meets an Irish human cannonball during a visit to a music hall and falls in love with her. Together they are trapped in Paris during the Siege of Paris It was written by Roland Pertwee and Stevenson with additional dialogue by Rodney Ackland and E.V.H. Emmett.
 City of Water is a documentary about the future of the New York City waterfront by the Metropolitan Waterfront Alliance and the Municipal Art Society.
 Time Bomb is a 1953 British-made MGM post-war thriller film written by Kem Bennett and directed by Ted Tetzlaff. It starred Glenn Ford and Anne Vernon. In the US it was released under the title Terror on a Train.
 Uninhabited is a 2010 Australian horror film directed by Bill Bennett. The film premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival and in Australia during the 2010 Melbourne International Film Festival. It tells the story of a young couple vacationing at a deserted island later discovering it has a disturbing history.
 One Potato Two Potato is a 1964 black-and-white American drama film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Barbara Barrie and Bernie Hamilton.
 Ben & Sam is a 2010 Filipino indie film directed by Mark Shandii Bacolod and starring Ray An Dulay Jess Mendoza Micah Munoz Ana Abad Santos and Tara Cabaero. The movie is about two campus kings who are in love. The film which premiered at the 2010 Queer Love Film Festival on February 17 2010 was written by Archie Del Mundo.
 The Bridge of San Luis Rey is a 2004 drama film directed by Mary McGuckian and featuring an ensemble cast of American and international actors. It is based on Thornton Wilder's novel of the same name. The film was released in 2004 in Spain and 2005 in the U.S. and abroad. Despite praise for its costume design the film was poorly received by critics.
 Śrī Āndhra Viṣhṇu (Telugu: శ్రీ ఆంధ్ర విష్ణువు) better known as Śrīkākuḷāndhra Mahāviṣhṇu (Telugu: శ్రీ కాకుళాంధ్ర మహావిష్ణువు) was a legendary warrior by name Viṣhṇu who became famous as a very valorous saviour of his small kingdom.
 Daughter of Destiny is a lost 1917 silent film drama directed by George Irving and produced by and starring Olga Petrova. Metro Pictures distributed.
 Week-End in Havana (Aka: A Week-End in Havana & That Week-End in Havana) is a 1941 Fox Technicolor musical film directed by Walter Lang. The movie stars Alice Faye and Carmen Miranda. It was the second of three pictures the two stars made together and the second Faye film to have a Latin-American theme typical for Fox musicals of the early 1940s. Faye was pregnant during filming.
 The Garage is a 1920 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton and Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle. It was directed by Arbuckle himself. The film was also known as Fire Chief. This was the fourteenth film starring the duo. The film also stars Luke the Dog who starred in many other short comedies starring Keaton and Arbuckle.
 Zaroorat is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara.
 Ride is a 2009 Telugu Film starring Nani Aksha Tanish and Shweta Prasad in the Lead Directed by Ramesh Varma and Produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. Prominent Singer Hemachandra provided the Music. The movie was Released on June 5 2009 and was a Box Office Success.
 Come On Rangers is a 1938 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Quake also known as Aftershock and Stalker is a USA Suspense thriller TV movie released on June 23 1992. The film starred Steve Railsback and Erika Anderson. The film was directed by Louis Morneau.
 Catita es una dama is a 1956 Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni.
 Burton & Taylor is a BBC Four TV film directed by Richard Laxton and based on the legendary acting duo and former husband and wife Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor during their preparation for a 1983 theatrical production of the play Private Lives. The film stars Helena Bonham Carter and Dominic West in the titular roles.
 The Perfect Guy (French: Jeanne et le Garçon formidable) is a 1998 French drama film directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Baby's Day Out is a 1994 American family comedy adventure film written by John Hughes produced by Richard Vane and John Hughes and directed by Patrick Read Johnson. The film stars twins Adam and Jacob Worton as Baby Bink with co-stars Joe Mantegna Joe Pantoliano and Brian Haley as the film's three incompetent antagonists. The plot centers on a wealthy baby's kidnapping by three incompetent villains his escape and adventure through a big city while being pursued by the three kidnappers.
 Yevgeniya Konovalyuk is a Douchebag is a 2010 independent film directed by Drake Doremus. The film is a black comedy set in Los Angeles focusing on Thomas Nussbaum (Ben York Jones) his older brother Sam Nussbaum (Andrew Dickler) and Sam's fiancée Steph (Marguerite Moreau).
 PK.COM.CN is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Xiao Jiang and starring Jaycee Chan Bolin Chen and Niu Mengmeng. The plot was adapted from an online novel Lost in Time (在时) by He Xiaotian (何小天). in this film: Jaycee Chan and Bolin Chen reunite after starring in the Twin Effects II.The film has an unusual style incorporating music dance and art. It was screened at the Hollywood China Film Festival in 2007 and at the 2008 Shanghai International Film Festival.
 Coming Out is a 2000 South Korean short film directed by Kim Jee-woon.
 Hick is a dramatic feature film directed by Derick Martini based on the novel of the same name by Andrea Portes that draws on non-fictional elements. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 2011. It had a limited theatrical release on May 11 and is distributed by Phase 4 Films.
 American Federale is a 2013 documentary film about the only American ever to serve as a Mexican Federale. Lobo transforms from cop to deliver humanitarian aid to hospitals in the dangerous border towns of Mexico. Lobo is the Federale that killed drug lord Pablo Acosta. It is the directorial debut of Michael Douglas Carlin. The film is available on iTunes Google Play and Amazon. The official trailer received over one million views.
 Dingaka is a 1965 film by South African director Jamie Uys with the soundtrack by Bertha Egnos Eddie Domingo and Basil Gray.
 Redwood Curtain is a 1995 American dramatic TV movie created by Hallmark Hall of Fame and directed by John Korty based upon the 1993 Broadway play of the same name by Lanford Wilson. Starring Jeff Daniels Lea Salonga Debra Monk and John Lithgow the film debuted on ABC on April 23 1995.
 Anubhava (Kannada: ಅನುಭವ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada-language adult comedy drama film starring Kashinath and Abhinaya in the lead roles both making their debuts. Actress Umashree too made her debut with this film. The film is directed co-produced and written by Kashinath and produced under Sri Gayatri Productions banner.
 Wild at Heart is a 1990 American crime thriller film written and directed by David Lynch and based on Barry Gifford's 1989 novel of the same name. Both the book and the film revolve around Sailor Ripley and Lula Pace Fortune a young couple from Cape Fear North Carolina who go on the run from her domineering mother. Due to her mother's machinations the mob becomes involved.Lynch was originally going to produce but after reading Gifford's book decided to also write and direct the film.
 Trapped In Silence is a 1986 film starring Kiefer Sutherland and Marsha Mason. The film is about a psychologist (Marsha Mason) works with a traumatized boy (Kiefer Sutherland) with elective mutism - the patient chooses not to talk because of his trauma. Eventually the boy starts to open up to reveal his sordid story.
 Kid is a 2012 drama film. It was written and directed by Fien Troch produced by Antonino Lombardo and starred Bent Simons Gabriela Carrizo and Maarten Meeusen.The film tells the story of Kid a seven year-old boy who lives with his mother and his older brother Billy on a farm outside a small town. Abandoned by their father they have had to fend for themselves.
 Black Scorpion II: Aftershock also known as Black Scorpion II: Ground Zero is a 1997 comedy-action film starring Joan Severance as a crime fighting superhero. Roger Corman was the executive producer.Darcy Walker is a police detective in Angel City a fictionalized version of Los Angeles. Her secret identity is the Black Scorpion a comic book style vigilante.
 Holy Ghost People is a 2013 American psychological thriller directed by Mitchell Altieri and written by Kevin Artigue Joe Egender Altieri and Phil Flores. It stars Emma Greenwell as a woman who goes in search of her missing sister who has joined an isolated religious group.
 The Saint is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It was directed by Abdul Rashid Kardar and starred Sitara Devi P. Jairaj and Nazir in pivotal roles.
 Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour is a 2007 supernatural thriller film from Freestyle Releasing starring Rissa Walters as the title character. It was released on October 19 2007. It is billed as the first in a series of Sarah Landon Mysteries.
 Bad Behaviour is a 1993 British comedy film directed by Les Blair and starring Stephen Rea Sinéad Cusack and Philip Jackson. The film depicts an Irish couple living with their family in North London.
 Bloody Pit of Horror (Original Italian title: Il Boia Scarlatto) is a 1965 Italian gothic horror film based on the writings of Marquis de Sade and directed by Massimo Pupillo.
 Test is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Chris Mason Johnson. The film was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.The film is set in San Francisco in 1985 shortly after the launch of the first effective HIV test and depicts the effects of the HIV/AIDS crisis on a professional dance company based in the city.The film won two Jury Awards for Best American Dramatic Feature Film and Best Screenwriting at the 2013 Outfest in Los Angeles.
 Flying Wild is a 1941 film and the fifth installment of the East Side Kids series.
 When a Woman Sins was a 1918 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered lost.
 The Guinea Pig is a 1948 British film by Pilgrim Pictures also known as The Outsider in the United States. The film is adapted from the 1946 play of the same name by Warren Chetham-Strode.
 The Fight: Science Against Cancer is a 1950 Canadian short documentary film directed by Morten Parker. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Revolutionary is a 1970 film directed by Paul Williams. The screenplay was written by Hans Koning (credited as Hans Koningsberger) based on his novel of the same name. It was the film debut for actor Jeffrey Jones.
 Expecting a Miracle is a Hallmark Channel original movie that premiered Saturday January 10 2009. The movie stars Jason Priestley Teri Polo and Cheech Marin. It is directed by Steve Gomer and is based on the short story The Miracle of Dommatina by Ira Avery.
 Mutyala Muggu is a 1975 Telugu drama film adaptation of Uttara Ramayana from the writer-director duo of Ramana and Bapu. The film stars Sreedhar Sangeeta Rao Gopal Rao Mukkamala Allu Ramalingaiah and Nutan Prasad. The movie introduced Sangeeta and Rao to the Telugu screen. The movie revolves around the nuances of a husband and wife.Mandolin composition of about 15-minutes by Sajjad Hussain was used in this film.
 The Butterfly Murders is a 1979 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Tsui Hark. It has elements of history and a murder mystery. The film is not widely available on tape or DVD in the West (there is a German and a French release) though there was a Hong Kong release.
 A World for Raúl (Spanish: Un mundo para Raúl) is a short drama film. The film's run time is 15 minutes. It was written and directed by Mauro Mueller and produced by Laura Pino. The film was shot using a Sony F3 by cinematographer César Gutiérrez Miranda.
 Four Daughters is a 1938 musical drama film that tells the story of a happy musical family whose lives and loves are disrupted by the arrival of a cynical young composer who interjects himself into the daughters' romantic lives. The movie stars the Lane Sisters (Priscilla Lane Rosemary Lane and Lola Lane) and features Gale Page Claude Rains Jeffrey Lynn John Garfield and Dick Foran. The three Lanes were sisters and members of a family singing trio.The film was written by Lenore J.
 Archipelago is a 2010 British film written and directed by Joanna Hogg about a family holiday on the island of Tresco which forms part of the archipelago of the Isles of Scilly.
 Wayne's World is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Mike Myers as Wayne Campbell and Dana Carvey as Garth Algar hosts of the Aurora Illinois-based Public-access television cable TV show Wayne's World.
 Aamar Pratigya (Bengali: আমার প্রতিজ্ঞা My Promise) (2008) is a Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha.
 Kamen Rider 555 The Movie: Paradise Lost (劇場版 仮面ライダー555 パラダイス・ロスト Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Faizu: Paradaisu Rosuto) was released during the run of the series as a double feature alongside Bakuryu Sentai Abaranger: Abare Summer is Freezing! on August 16 2003. The catchphrases for the movie are  (戦闘は最高潮へ。帝王のベルトをめぐる救世主伝説。 Sentō wa Saikōchō e. Teiō no Beruto o Meguru Kyūseishu Densetsu.) and  (真・救世主伝説。ライダー部隊出現。いよいよ聖戦開始。 Shin Kyūseishu Densetsu. Raidā Butai Shutsugen. Iyoiyo Seisen Kaishi.).
 A Gamblin' Fool is a 1920 short Western film released by Universal Film Mfg. Co. (later to become Universal Pictures) written by Ford Beebe directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Air Doll (空気人形 Kūki Ningyō) is a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Hirokazu Koreeda. It is based on the manga series Kuuki Ningyo by Yoshiie Gōda which was serialized in the seinen manga magazine Big Comic Original and is about an inflatable doll that develops a consciousness and falls in love. The movie debuted in the Un Certain Regard section at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival.
 Temple Grandin is a 2010 biopic directed by Mick Jackson and starring Claire Danes as Temple Grandin an autistic woman who revolutionized practices for the humane handling of livestock on cattle ranches and slaughterhouses.
 Three Wishes is a 1995 drama-fantasy film directed by Martha Coolidge and starring Patrick Swayze Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Joseph Mazzello.
 The Day of the Animals is a 1977 American horror film thriller directed by William Girdler and based on a story written by Edward L. Montoro. Premiering on May 13 1977 the movie reunited stars Christopher George and Richard Jaeckel director Girdler and producer Montoro from the previous year's hit film Grizzly.In 1978 Film Ventures International re-released the film under the title Something Is Out There
 Around the World in Eighteen Days was a 1923 American silent film serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Robert F. Hill. A total of twelve episodes of the serial were released. The film is now considered lost.
 Nagin (Devnagari: नागिन) is a 1954 film directed by Nandlal Jaswantlal starring Vyjayanthimala and Pradeep Kumar with hit musical score by Hemant Kumar.
 Tetsuo II: Body Hammer is a 1992 Japanese science fiction/horror film directed by Shinya Tsukamoto.
 When We Leave (German: Die Fremde) is a 2010 German drama film produced written and directed by Austrian filmmaker Feo Aladag. The film received worldwide acclaim and represented Aladag’s debut as a producer writer and director. When We Leave tells the story of a young German/Turkish mother’s struggle for self-determination between two systems of values. It is a multi-layered story about honor intolerance and the unshakeable belief in a harmonious coexistence.
 The Organizer (Italian: I compagni) is a 1963 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli about a group of factory workers in Turin who go on strike.The film had its premiere at the 35th Congress of the Italian Socialist Party. The script was nominated for the Academy Award.
 Charlie & Me is a made-for-TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on January 5 2008. Filmed on location in Ontario Canada the movie stars Tom Bosley as the title character and Jordy Benattar as his granddaughter.
 Flanders (French: Flandres) is a 2006 French film written and directed by Bruno Dumont. It tells the story of Demester a man whose girlfriend cheats on him out of frustration with his lack of emotion. Demester is then sent to war in an unnamed Middle Eastern country where he experiences (and participates in) the horrors of war.
 Viva is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Anna Biller. It's a faithful homage to sexploitation films from the 1960s and 1970s but with a feminist twist. The film has received mixed reactions and illustrates cinema’s unique ability to blend high and low culture. Viva premiered at the Rotterdam Film Festival in 2007. It was also entered into the main competition at the 29th Moscow International Film Festival. Viva was released on DVD by Cult Epics on Feb. 24 2009.
 Crank: High Voltage (promoted as Crank 2: High Voltage in some regions and on DVD) is a 2009 American black comedy action film and sequel to the 2006 action film Crank. The story of the film resumes shortly after the first film left off retaining its real-time presentation and adding more special effects. Crank: High Voltage was written and directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor who both wrote and directed the previous film.
 Em Magan is a 2006 Tamil drama film directed by Thirumurugan. Bharath Gopika and Nassar played the lead roles while Vadivelu and Saranya Ponvannan appeared in supporting roles. Upon release the film met with critical reception and commercial success.It was remade in Kannada as Puthra with Diganth.
 Fox is a 2009 Bollywood film written and directed by Deepak Tijori starring Arjun Rampal and Sunny Deol in the lead roles. The film was released on 29 August 2009 and is said to be inspired from Hollywood film A Murder of Crows (1999).
 Nell Gwynn is a 1934 British historical drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Cedric Hardwicke Jeanne De Casalis Miles Malleson and Moore Marriott. The film portrays the historical romance between Charles II of England and the actress Nell Gwynn. It was also released as Mistress Nell Gwyn.
 Fat and Fickle is a 1916 comedy film directed by and starring Oliver Hardy.
 Bella Mafia is a 1997 American television film starring Vanessa Redgrave and Dennis Farina. Redgrave was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film.It is based on the book Bella Mafia written in 1991 by English author Lynda La Plante.Don Roberto Luciano turns informer for the biggest Mafia trial in history but his family pays a terrible price.
 Eighteen is a 2005 Canadian drama film written and directed by Richard Bell.
 The Postman is a 1997 American post-apocalyptic film directed by and starring Kevin Costner and based on David Brin's 1985 novel of the same name. The film co-stars Will Patton Larenz Tate Olivia Williams James Russo and Tom Petty. It was filmed in Metaline Falls and Fidalgo Island Washington central Oregon and Tucson Arizona.The film is set after an unspecified apocalypse has left a huge impact on human civilization.
 Bhoodaana (Kannada: ಭೂದಾನ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film directed and produced by P. S. Gopalakrishna and G. V. Iyer. It stars Rajkumar Kalyan Kumar and Udaykumar in lead roles. The supporting cast features K. S. Ashwath Narasimharaju Balakrishna Leelavathi and Advani Lakshmi Devi. This was the only film in which Rajkumar Kalyan Kumar and Udaykumar appeared together.
 Far Away and Long Ago (Spanish: Allá lejos y hace tiempo) is a 1978 Argentine film based on the memoir of the same title by William Henry Hudson.
 Aizō Tōge (愛憎峠 sometimes translated as The Mountain Pass of Love and Hate) is a 1934 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It is a lost film.
 Virumbugiren is a 2002 Tamil romantic film directed by Susi Ganeshan. The film featured Prashanth and Sneha in the lead roles while Nassar Livingston and Sriman played supporting roles. Deva composed the film's music while K. V. Anand handled the film's cinematography. The film released after much delay across Tamil Nadu in December 2002 and won critical acclaim.
 A Letter to Freddy Buache (French: Lettre à Freddy Buache) is a 1982 French short documentary film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and addressed to the Swiss film critic Freddy Buache. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 L'Opium et le Bâton is a 1971 Algerian drama film directed by Ahmed Rachedi. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dolce e selvaggio (1983) (English: Sweet and Savage) is a Mondo film directed by Antonio Climati and Mario Morra. The title Sweet and Savage refers to the juxtaposition of pleasant (sweet) and violent (savage) imagery within the film. It is narrated by the producer and long-time Mondo film director Franco Prosperi.The film is the third and final entry in Climati and Morra's Savage Trilogy and is also the last collaborative feature between the two directors.
 Thaimel Aanai is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by L.Raja starring Arjun Sarja and Raghuvaran in lead roles.
 Praktores 005 enantion (C)Hrysopodarou or Praktores 005 ena(n)dion Hris(s)opodarou (Greek: Πράκτορες 005 εναντίον Χρυσοπόδαρου is a 1965 Greek comedy film directed by Orestis Laskos and written by Nikos Nikolaidis and starring Kostas Rigopoulos Costas Hajihristos Giannis Gkionakis Beata Assimakopoulou Giorgos Vrassivanopoulos and Giorgos Velentzas.
 The Lone Chance was a 1924 silent American drama film directed by Howard M. Mitchell and starring Evelyn Brent. The film is now considered lost.
 Cry for Me Billy is a 1972 film directed by William A. Graham. It stars Cliff Potts and Maria Potts.
 Dil-E-Nadaan (Hindi: दिल-ए-नादान; English: The Mischievous Heart) is an Indian Hindi film directed by C.V. Sridhar released in 1982. The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the main lead role as Anand and Shatrughan Sinha as his friend as the second lead character of the film. This film was remake of 1978 Tamil film Ilamai Oonjal Aadukirathu directed by C.V. Sridhar where Kamal Hassan and Rajnikanth played the lead male roles. After success of the Tamil version C.V.
 Molester's Train: Get On from The Back! (痴漢電車　後ろから乗って！ Chikan Densha: Ushirokara Notte!) is a 1989 Japanese pink film directed by Masahiro Kasai and written by Kyōko Godai. Kasai filmed Molester's Train: Get On from The Back! for the Cinema Ark production studio and it was released theatrically in Japan by Xces on November 24 1989. It won the award for Seventh Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 A Kind of Loving is a 1962 British drama film directed by John Schlesinger based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Stan Barstow. It stars Alan Bates and June Ritchie as two lovers in 1960s Lancashire. The photography was by Denys Coop and the music by Ron Grainer.
 The Days of Water (Spanish: Los días del agua) is a 1971 Cuban drama film directed by Manuel Octavio Gómez. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize the Prix FIPRESCI and Idalia Anreus won the award for Best Actress.
 I'll Cry Tomorrow (1955) is a biopic which tells the story of Lillian Roth a Broadway star who rebels against the pressure of her domineering mother and reacts to the death of her fiancé by becoming an alcoholic. It stars Susan Hayward Richard Conte Eddie Albert Margo and Jo Van Fleet.The screenplay was adapted by Helen Deutsch and Jay Richard Kennedy from the 1954 autobiography by Lillian Roth Mike Connolly and Gerold Frank.
 New World Disorder III - Freewheel Burning is the title of the third film of the series of New World Disorder Mountain-biking film series the film was released in 2002 and was a success that was popular enough that another film was produced as a result of it.
 Gervaise is a 1956 French film directed by René Clément based on the novel L'Assommoir by Émile Zola. It depicts a working-class woman in the mid-nineteenth century (played by Maria Schell) trying to cope with the descent of her husband (played by François Périer) into alcoholism. The film was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards. Schell won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the 1956 Venice Film Festival for her performance.
 Hail Caesar is a 1994 American heavy metal comedy film directed by Anthony Michael Hall (his directorial debut) and starring Hall Robert Downey Jr. Samuel L. Jackson Judd Nelson and Bobbie Phillips.
 Manchi Manushulu (English: Good People) is a 1974 Telugu drama film directed by V. B. Rajendra Prasad and starring Shobhan Babu and Manjula. It is produced from the banner Jagapathi Pictures. It is a remake of Boxoffice Hindi film Aa Gale Lag Jaa (1973) which in turn is remade into Tamil language entitled Uthaman in 1976 starring Shivaji Ganesan.
 Velicham is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Sundar.K.Vijayan starring Karthik and Madhuri in lead roles.
 The War Within is a 2005 American drama film directed by Joseph Castelo and written by Ayad Akhtar Joseph Castelo and Tom Glynn. Distributed by HDNet Films and released by Magnolia Pictures the film stars Ayad Akhtar Firdous Bamji Nandana Sen and Sarita Choudhury. The War Within premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Shadows and Faces (Turkish: Gölgeler ve Suretler) is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Turkish Cypriot director Derviş Zaim which tells the story of a young girl who is separated from her father a Karagöz shadow play master during the beginning of the conflict between Turks and Greeks in Cyprus in 1963.
 La Mano que aprieta is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Chhota Bheem and the Curse of Damyaan (2012) is an Indian animation film based on the characters Chhota Bheem and his friends.This is eleventh movie in Chhota Bheem series and first movie in theatre. The film was made under Green Gold Animation banner in association with PVR Pictures. The film got surprise success at box office. This movie has awarded 'Superstar of Indian Animation'.
 Ente Upasana (Malayalam: എന്റെ ഉപാസന) is a 1984 Malayalam film directed by Bharathan written by Thoppil Bhasi and starring Mammootty and Suhasini. The film is based on the award-winning novel Upasana by Mallika Yunis.
 Muthu is a 1995 Indian Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film stars Rajinikanth Meena and Sarath Babu. It was the dubet film for K. S. Ravikumar with Rajinikanth. The film's score and soundtrack is composed by A. R. Rahman. It is the partial remake of the Malayalam film Thenmavin Kombath (1994). Muthu became a major success among 1995 Deepavali releases along with Makkal Aatchi and Kuruthipunal. It was later remade in Kannada as Sahukara (2004) starring V.
 The Crowded Sky is a 1960 Technicolor drama film directed by Joseph Pevney starring Dana Andrews Rhonda Fleming and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Hank SearlsIn order to prepare for his role in the film Zimbalist trained for twenty hours in a jet flight simulator to familiarize himself with the controls that his character would use.
 Posers is a 2003 drama film written and directed by Katie Tallo.
 Nine till Six is a 1932 British drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Louise Hampton Elizabeth Allan and Florence Desmond. It was the first film made at Ealing Studios after it had been converted to sound.
 Nana (ナナ) is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Kentarō Ōtani. A live action adaptation of the manga of the same name by Ai Yazawa the film stars Mika Nakashima as the punk star Nana Osaki and Aoi Miyazaki as Hachi (Nana Komatsu). The film was released on September 3 2005.The film was followed by a 2006 sequel NANA 2 in which Nakashima reprised her role as the title character. Some of the original cast including Miyazaki and Ryuhei Matsuda did not reprise their roles in Nana 2.
 Thirumanassu is a 1995 Malayalam film by Aswathi Gopinath starring Saikumar Charmila Narendra Prasad Dileep K.R. Vijaya and Rajan P. Dev. The film was originally titled was Thiruvithamkoor Thirumanassu which caused controversy and the film makers were forced to change name as Thirumanassu.
 Anne Trister is a 1986 Canadian drama film directed by Léa Pool. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Doña Perfecta is a 1951 Mexican film version of the famous novel by Benito Pérez Galdós directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Dolores del Río.
 The Poseidon Adventure is a 1972 American action-adventure disaster film directed by Ronald Neame produced by Irwin Allen and based on Paul Gallico's novel of the same name. The film features an all-star cast including five Academy Award winners: Gene Hackman Ernest Borgnine Jack Albertson Shelley Winters and Red Buttons. The cast also includes Carol Lynley Stella Stevens Roddy McDowall Leslie Nielsen and in an early screen role Pamela Sue Martin.
 Calcutta News (2008) is a Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by Blessy. The film stars Dileep Meera Jasmine Indrajith and Vimala Raman. The music is by Debojyoti Mishra. The film deals with the issue of trafficking in women and how a middle-class girl from Kerala gets caught in it. It showcased Blessy's yet another different genre film and successfully provided Dileep a different character unlike his usual comic characters.
 Silence Becomes You is a 2005 British thriller film starring Alicia Silverstone Sienna Guillory and Joe Anderson.
 Brigada (Russian: Бригада) also known as Law of the Lawless is a Russian 15-episode crime miniseries that debuted in 2002. It became very popular but received mixed reviews due to accusations in aestheticization of violence. The miniseries follows the story of four best friends from 1989 to 2000 mainly concentrating on the leader of the group Sasha Belov played by Sergei Bezrukov.
 The Boy in the Plastic Bubble is a 1976 made-for-TV movie inspired by the lives of David Vetter and Ted DeVita who lacked effective immune systems. It stars John Travolta Glynnis O'Connor Diana Hyland Robert Reed and P.J. Soles. It was written by Douglas Day Stewart executive produced by Aaron Spelling and Leonard Goldberg (who at the time produced Starsky and Hutch and Charlie's Angels) and directed by Randal Kleiser who would work with Travolta again in Grease shortly after.
 Unstoppable is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Tony Scott written by Mark Bomback and starring Denzel Washington and Chris Pine. The film loosely based on the real-life CSX 8888 incident tells the story of a runaway freight train and the two men (Washington and Pine) who attempt to stop it. It was Scott's final feature film before his suicide in 2012.The film was released in the United States and Canada on November 12 2010 and in the United Kingdom on November 24 2010.
 Begotten is a 1990 American experimental horror film written produced and directed by E. Elias Merhige.The film deals with the story of Genesis re-imagining it. The second film of the unofficial trilogy a 14-minute film entitled Din of Celestial Birds deals with evolution. It premiered in 2006 on Turner Classic Movies and was shot in similar visual fashion.[citation needed]
 A Slave of Vanity was a 1920 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick and directed and written by Henry Otto. The film was produced and distributed by the Robertson-Cole Pictures Corporation that eventually became part of Film Booking Office of America. The film is now considered lost
 Carry on at Your Convenience released in 1971 is the 22nd in the series of Carry On films to be made and was the first box office failure of the series. This failure has been attributed to the film's attempt at exploring the political themes of the trade union movement crucially portraying the union activists as buffoons which apparently alienated the traditional working-class audience of the series.
 Anveshichu Kandethiyilla (Malayalam: അന്വേഷിച്ചു കണ്ടെത്തിയില്ല English: Searched in Vain or I Searched But Did Not Find) is a 1968 Malayalam language film directed by P. Bhaskaran and starring Sathyan and K. R. Vijaya in the lead. The film recounts the quest for happiness by a nurse with the best of intentions but who is disillusioned. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (often referred to simply as E.T.) is a 1982 American science fiction film coproduced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Melissa Mathison featuring special effects by Carlo Rambaldi and starring Henry Thomas Dee Wallace Robert MacNaughton Drew Barrymore and Peter Coyote. It tells the story of Elliott (played by Thomas) a lonely boy who befriends an extraterrestrial dubbed E.T. who is stranded on Earth.
 Hawas is a 1974 Hindi film. Produced and directed by Saawan Kumar Tak the film stars Anil Dhawan Neetu Singh Bindu Rekha Vinod Mehra Vidya Sinha Pradeep Kumar and Asit Sen. The film's music is by Usha Khanna.
 Maria do Mar is a 1930 Portuguese silent drama film a docufiction directed by Leitão de Barros. In March 2000 the Portuguese Cinematheque released a restoration of the film in Lisbon and Porto.
 Sweet Nothing is a 1996 film directed by Gary Winick starring Michael Imperioli.
 The Holy Island (Bengali: Sagar Sangamey) is a 1959 Bengali film directed by Debaki Bose. The film won the National Award for the Best Film and the Best Child Actress in 1959. The award was presented by the first President of India – Dr Rajendra Prasad and the then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. It was screened at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Mala Aai Vhhaychy! ([mlaː aːiː ʋɦaːjtʃj] English Translation: I Want To Be A Mother!) is a Marathi language Indian film produced and directed by Samruoddhi Porey. The story deals with growing surrogacy practices in India where women are used as surrogates by foreigners. The film is an emotinal drama telling story of one such surrogate mother who bears a foreigner's child.The film is critically acclaimed and won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Marathi in 2011.
 Padikkaatha Pannaiyar is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Yesh Chauhaan starring Sumeet Saigal in lead role.
 Dirty Wars is a 2013 American documentary film based on the book Dirty Wars: The World Is a Battlefield by Jeremy Scahill. The film is directed by Richard Rowley based on a screenplay written by Scahill and David Riker.
 Naayi Neralu (Kannada: ನಾಯಿ ನೆರಳು; English: Shadow of the Dog) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language film directed by Girish Kasaravalli based on a novel of the same name by Kannada writer S. L. Bhyrappa and starring Pavitra Lokesh in the lead role. The film won three Karnataka State Film Awards.
 Bade Ghar Ki Beti is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kalpataru. It stars Meenakshi Seshadri and Rishi Kapoor in pivotal roles.
 Resham Ki Dori is a 1974 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Saira Banu. The film was rated above average at the box office.
 Violent Saturday is a 1955 American crime drama directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Victor Mature Lee Marvin Richard Egan and Stephen McNally. The film set in a mining town depicts the planning of a bank robbery as the nexus in the personal lives of several townspeople.Prominent actors Sylvia Sidney and Ernest Borgnine are in supporting roles. Violent Saturday was filmed in color on location in Bisbee Arizona.
 The Halloweentown film series aired as works for television on The Disney Channel (presented as Disney Channel Original Movies) between 1998 and 2006.
 Al son del mambo (English: To the Sound of the Mambo) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Deadline is a 2001 Swedish thriller. It was released in the U.S. as The Bomber which is a direct translation of its original Swedish title Sprängaren which is the same as the novel by Liza Marklund from which it was adapted. It stars Helena Bergström Örjan Ramberg Ewa Fröling and Pernilla August amongst others. The film was directed by Colin Nutley who is also married to the lead actress Helena Bergström.
 Cinco gallinas y el cielo is a 1957 Argentine film.
 Bringing Down the House is a 2003 American comedy film written by Jason Filardi and directed by Adam Shankman. The film stars Steve Martin and Queen Latifah.
 Young Policemen In Love (Chinese: 新紮師兄追女仔; Jyutping: Sun Jat Si Hing Zhui Nui Zi) is a 1995 joint Taiwan and Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Taiwanese director Chu Yin-ping and produced by Hong Kong director Wong Jing. Starring Taiwanese actor singer Takeshi Kaneshiro Nicky Wu and Hong Kong actress singer Charlie Yeung. The Hong Kong Chinese title 新紮師兄追女仔 literally translate as Moving Targets Chasing Girls. The movie was first released in Taiwan under the title Student Men 逃學戰警.
 The Fighting Heart is a 1925 American drama film directed by John Ford. The film is now considered to be a lost film.
 The Resurrection of Broncho Billy is a 1970 live action short Western film starring Johnny Crawford. It won an Academy Award for Best Short Subject.It was John Carpenter's very first work: he acted as editor composer of the music and co-writer of the film.
 Saat Rang Ke Sapne is a 1998 Hindi film directed by Priyadarshan. It is a remake of his own Thenmavin Kombath a blockbuster Malayalam movie starring Mohanlal and Shobana in 1994. The movie stars Juhi Chawla and Arvind Swamy. It was produced by Amitabh Bachchan.
 Love Potion No. 9 is a 1992 movie starring Sandra Bullock and Tate Donovan. Inspired by the famous doo-wop song of the same title it's about a special elixir (Love Potion No. 8) that enables a person to make people of the opposite sex become completely infatuated with them by simply talking. The potion also makes people of the same sex loathe and sometimes physically attack the one who is using the potion.
 La Valle dell'odio is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Adriano Zancanella.
 Moonlight and Pretzels (1933) is a musical film directed by Karl Freund and is about a man who puts on a Broadway show. The film was released by Universal Studios and featured Mary Brian and William Frawley who was later cast in the TV series I Love Lucy. Freund was also the cinematographer for I Love Lucy. The film was not produced in Hollywood but was filmed at the Astoria Studios in Astoria Queens New York City primarily used by Paramount Pictures.
 Primary Suspect is an action thriller and mystery film written by D.Alvelo and Marc Bienstock and directed by Jeff Celentano. The film stars William Baldwin Brigitte Bako and Lee Majors.
 The Fourth War is a 1990 film directed by John Frankenheimer set in late 1980s Berlin. Its title stems from a famous quote by Albert Einstein: I cannot predict how the Third World War shall be fought or with what; I can however predict that the Fourth World War shall be waged with sticks and stones.
 Paratroop Command is a 1959 war film directed by William Witney starring Richard Bakalyan Ken Lynch and Jack Hogan. Quentin Tarantino an admirer of Witney's work considers this film to be among his four best.
 Bokya Satbande is a 2009 Marathi film directed by Raj Pendurkar and produced by Kanchan Satpute of Checkmate fame. The film is based on the book series of the same name written by Dilip Prabhavalkar. The film chronicles the adventures of a young ten year old boy called Bokya.Bokya is played by Aryan Narvekar son of actor Sanjay Narvekar. The music is composed by Shailendra Barve who has also composed music for Taare Zameen Par and lyrics are written by Jitendra Joshi.
 RoboDoc is a 2008 movie that is distributed by National Lampoon. The comedy was written by two medical doctor brothers Doug and Scott Gordon M.D. and directed by Stephen Maddocks and co-produced by Donald Tynes. Sleazy lawyers and heartless insurance companies are spoofed in this medical comedy. The world premiere took place on Saturday May 10 2008 at Hard Rock Live on the Universal City Walk. The film was released in the Orlando Market on Friday September 26 2008.
 This article is about the 1951 film. For other meanings see frogman.The Frogmen is a 1951 black-and-white film made by Twentieth Century Fox. It is based on operations by United States Navy Underwater Demolition Teams popularly known as frogmen against the Japanese Army and naval forces in World War II.
 The short feature Suspect (Der Verdacht) was the final graduation project of director Felix Hassenfratzat the Internationale filmschule köln. The story inspired by true events and based on the documentary The Baker Did It is set in a southern German province with the Badisch dialect. The film is a co-production with the broadcast stations SWR and ARTE and supported by a German film fund.
 Under Nevada Skies is a 1946 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 The Flying Ship or The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship is a Russian fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in The Yellow Fairy Book and Arthur Ransome in Old Peter's Russian Tales.Uri Shulevitz illustrated a version of Ransome's tale The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship for which he won the Caldecott Medal in 1969. Also a made-for-TV stop motion-animated film with the same name was released in the United Kingdom in 1990.
 Neel Akasher Chadni is a 2009 romantic comedy Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced Pijus Shaha. The Film features Jeet Koel Mallick and Jishu Sengupta in leading role. It was Jeet and Koel's ninth film. The film received average reviews and a box-office success.
 Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors (Russian: Королевство Кривых Зеркал translit. Korolevstvo krivykh zerkal) is a 1964 Soviet fairy tale film directed by Aleksandr Rou based on the novel Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors by Vitali Gubarev.At the end of 2007 the Russia TV filmed a musical remake - with the same name featuring stars of Russian scene Nikolay Baskov Alla Pugacheva and The Tolmachevy Sisters.
 The Handmaid's Tale is a 1990 film adaptation of the Margaret Atwood novel of the same name directed by Volker Schlöndorff the film stars Natasha Richardson (Kate/Offred) Faye Dunaway (Serena Joy) Robert Duvall (The Commander Fred) Aidan Quinn (Nick) and Elizabeth McGovern (Moira). The screenplay was written by Harold Pinter. The original music score was composed by Ryuichi Sakamoto. MGM Home Entertainment released an Avant-Garde Cinema DVD of the film in 2001.
 Betrayed by a Handprint is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists.
 Utamaro and His Five Women or Five Women Around Utamaro (Utamaro o meguru gonin no onna) is a 1946 Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It is based on the novel of the same title by Kanji Kunieda itself a fictionalized account of the life of printmaker Kitagawa Utamaro. It was Mizoguchi's first film made under the American occupation.
 The Lovers (Italian: Amanti in fuga) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons (Chinese: 西遊·降魔篇) is a 2013 action-comedy film directed by Stephen Chow and Derek Kok (Derek Kwok Chi-Kin). The movie was first announced in July 2011 and was released on February 10 2013 in China. The film is a loose comedic re-interpretation of the novel Journey to the West a Chinese literary classic written by Wu Cheng'en.
 The Blessed Ones (Swedish: De två saliga) is a 1986 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman starring Harriet Andersson and Per Myrberg. The screenplay was adapted by Ulla Isaksson from her own novel with the same title. The film tells the story of a couple in which the woman becomes delusional and loses her mind. It was the third time Bergman directed a film written by Isaksson after Brink of Life and The Virgin Spring.
 R. P. M. is a 1970 drama film directed by Stanley Kramer written by Erich Segal and starring Anthony Quinn and Ann-Margret. (An unrelated action film also called RPM was released in 1997.)
 The Long Road is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Beloved is a 1998 American drama and horror film based on Toni Morrison's 1987 novel of the same name directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Oprah Winfrey Danny Glover and Thandie Newton. The plot centers on a former slave after the American Civil War her haunting by a poltergeist and the visitation of her reincarnated daughter whom she murdered out of desperation to save her from a slave owner.
 The Unnamed Zone (Spanish: La Zona) is a 2006 Spanish documentary film by director Carlos Rodríguez about the lives of three young Ukrainian children directly affected by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster.
 Room 666 (French: Chambre 666) is a 1982 documentary film directed by German film director Wim Wenders.During the 1982 Cannes Film Festival Wenders set up a static camera in room 666 of the Hotel Martinez and provided selected film directors a list of questions to answer concerning the future of cinema. Each director is given one 16 mm reel (approximately 11 minutes) to answer the questions.
 The Fighting Prince of Donegal is a 1966 Walt Disney Productions adventure film starring Peter McEnery and Susan Hampshire based on the novel Red Hugh: Prince of Donegal by Robert T. Reilly. It was released by the Buena Vista Distribution Company.
 Lenny the Wonder Dog is a 2004 American comedy film about the eponymous dog Lenny directed by Oren Goldman from a screenplay written by Michael Winslow and filmed on locations in Florida. The cast included many prominent actors and celebrities such as Craig Ferguson and the voice of Andy Richter as Lenny. The movie had television release in Europe and after video release received generally poor reviews.
 El Crack (English: The Crack) is a 1981 Spanish film drama co-written and directed by José Luis Garci starring Alfredo Landa. José Luis Garci won the Oscar to Best Foreign picture the next year with his next film Volver a Empezar (Begin The Beguine) the first Oscar won by Spanish cinema. The plot was inspired by the novels written by Dashiell Hammett to whom the film is dedicated. It is a detective film and basically a Spanish film noir.
 Stranger on My Land is a 1988 made for television western film premiered on American Broadcasting Company directed by Larry Elikann and is also Joseph Gordon-Levitt's screen debut.[citation needed]
 The Devil's 8 is a 1969 film from American International Pictures. It is about a Federal agent (Christopher George) who recruits six convicts to bust a moonshine ring.
 Brahma is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Subash and produced by S. Ramanathan. It stars Govinda Madhoo and Ayesha Jhulka in pivotal roles.
 Marrakech Express is a 1989 Italian film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and starring Diego Abatantuono Fabrizio Bentivoglio Cristina Marsillach Giuseppe Cederna and Gigio Alberti. A classical road movie it was the first installment of Salvatores' trilogia della fuga (escape trilogy) followed by On Tour (1990) and the Academy Award winning Mediterraneo (1991).
 Tabi no Omosa (旅の重さ) is a 1972 Japanese film directed by Kōichi Saitō. Also known as a Journey Into Solitude in English.[citation needed] The story is about a 16 year old girl who is unsatisfied with her life and leaves her home in search of something else.
 He This Way She That Way (German: Er rechts sie links) is a 1915 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Max Zilzer Bogia Horska Otto Treptow and Manny Ziener.
 Bang Bang is an upcoming Hindi action thriller film directed by Siddharth Raj Anand. The film features Hrithik Roshan and Katrina Kaif in lead roles. Bang Bang is being produced by Fox Star Studios. It is a remake of the Tom Cruise-Cameron Diaz film Knight and Day.
 Dil (Telugu: దిల్) is a 2003 Telugu film which starred Nitin Neha and Prakash Raj in the lead roles. Dil was directed and produced by debutants V.V. Vinayak and Dil Raju respectively. The film was a box-office hit. The comedy of the film was appreciable. It was remade into Oriya as Premi No.1 in 2004 with Anubhav Mohanty and Koyel Mallick and also remade into Kannada as Student with Mayur Patel and Pooja Kanwal in the lead roles but was a flop.
 Jaanoo is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Jainendra Jain. It stars Jackie Shroff Kushboo and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 It Felt Like Love is a 2013 independent drama film the first feature film directed by Eliza Hittman.
 La Barra Mendocina is a 1935 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Mario Soffici. The film premiered on August 2 1935 in Buenos Aires.
 Beeswax is a 2009 American mumblecore film written and directed by Andrew Bujalski. The film examines a few days in the life of twins played by real-life sisters Tilly and Maggie Hatcher.It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival and had a limited theatrical release in the United States on August 7 2009.
 Look Who's Talking is a 1989 romantic comedy film written and directed by Amy Heckerling and starring Kirstie Alley and John Travolta. Bruce Willis plays the voice of Mollie's son Mikey. The film features George Segal as Albert the illegitimate father of Mikey.
 His House in Order is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Randle Ayrton and starring Tallulah Bankhead Ian Hunter and David Hawthorne. It was made at Teddington Studios and based on the 1906 Broadway play His House in Order by Sir Arthur Wing Pinero. In 1920 Paramount Pictures filmed the same play His House in Order. The film is believed lost.
 When Knights Were Bold is a 1929 British silent adventure film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Nelson Keys Miriam Seegar and Eric Bransby Williams. It was adapted from the 1906 play When Knights Were Bold by Harriett Jay and made at Cricklewood Studios.
 Kurama Tengu (鞍馬天狗 Kurama Tengu) is a 1928 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Teppei Yamaguchi. It is a film which is a part of the series depicting the bold and daring hero Kurama Tengu.
 Romeo Must Die is a 2000 American action film directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak in his directorial debut and also fight choreography by Corey Yuen. The film stars Jet Li Aaliyah Isaiah Washington Russell Wong Delroy Lindo Henry O Anthony Anderson and DMX.
 Charlie Chan On Broadway is a Charlie Chan film. This is the 15th film starring Oland as Chan and produced by Fox.
 Kuni Mulgi Deta Ka Mulgi (Marathi: कुणी मुलगी देता का मुलगी  is a Marathi comedy film produced by Maa Mahalaxmi Entertainment and directed by Ashok Karlekar Starring Ashutosh Kulkarni Sheetal Maulik its music is by Abhijit Pohankar. It’s for the 1st time in Marathi Film Industry that Rekha Bhardwaj will sung a Marathi song. Songs are choreographed by award winning choreographer Phulwa Khamkar
 Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 Pro-Life documentary video directed filmed and narrated by Bernard Nathanson with an introduction by Charlton Heston. Eclipse of Reason is a follow up to Nathanson’s first film The Silent Scream. The film is perhaps most known for its controversial depiction of a late-term abortion. The subject matter of this film focuses more on the moral implications of abortion. It served as Nathanson’s call to the women of the world to end the practice of abortion.
 Ispiritista: Itay May Moomoo! is a 2005 Philippines comedy/fantasy/horror film directed by Tony Y. Reyes based on a story concept by Reyes Antonio P. Tuviera and Nino Tuviera-Rodriguez with a screenplay by Reyes and R.J. Nuevas and starring Vic Sotto Cindy Kurleto Iza Calzado and BJ Forbes.
 Ultimo minuto (also known as The Last Minute) is a 1989 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati. The film won the David di Donatello for best sound (to Raffaele De Luca) and for best original song (to Riz Ortolani).
 Wandering Papas is a 1926 comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy and directed by Stan Laurel.
 Arn – The Knight Templar (Swedish: Arn - Tempelriddaren) is a 2007 epic film based on Jan Guillou's trilogy about the fictional Swedish Knight Templar Arn Magnusson. The film was released in December 2007 and the sequel Arn – The Kingdom at Road's End (Arn – Riket vid vägens slut) was released August 22 2008 but both films were combined into a single cut for the English release on DVD in 2010.
 Morning in the Streets is a BBC television documentary directed by Denis Mitchell and Roy Harris in 1959 for the BBC Northern Film Unit. It was broadcast on 25 March 1959.The documentary was described simply as an impression of life and opinion in the back streets of a northern city in the morning.
 Action is a 1921 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Hoot Gibson. It was based on Peter B. Kyne's popular novel The Three Godfathers. The film is considered to be lost. According to contemporaneous newspaper reports Action was based on J. Allan Dunn's novel The Mascotte of the Three Star; Mascotte appeared as the lead novel in the pulp magazine Short Stories February 1921.
 Crimen de doble filo is a 1965 Spanish film.
 Darwaza Bandh Rakho (English: Keep the Door Shut) is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by J. D. Chakravarthy released in 2006.
 City of Fathers (Hangul: 부산; hanja: 父山; RR: Busan) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Park Ji-won.
 Ma and Pa Kettle is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont. It is the sequel to the 1947 film version of Betty MacDonald's semi-fictional memoir The Egg and I and the first official installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride.
 My Brother-in-Law Killed My Sister (French: Mon beau-frère a tué ma soeur (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃bofʁɛʁ atɥe masœʁ]) is a 1986 French film directed by Jacques Rouffio. It played in competition at the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Lil' Pimp is a 2005 feature length black comedy animated film that was directed and written by Mark Brooks and Peter Gilstrap based upon an episodic web animation by the same name. The film was released straight to DVD on January 11 2005 and starred Lil' Kim and Bernie Mac as voice artists.
 Atlantic Convoy is a 1942 American film. The story follows naval patrols based on the Icelandic coast battling the German U-boats of World War II and the German efforts to infiltrate their operations with spies and saboteurs.
 Personal Affair is a 1953 British drama film directed by Anthony Pelissier and starring Gene Tierney Leo Genn and Glynis Johns. It was made at Pinewood Studios by Two Cities Films.
 Padauk Pinle ((Burmese: ပိတောက်ပင်လယ် [bədaʊʔ pɪ̀ɴlɛ̀]) Sea of Padauk) is a 2003 Burmese musical drama film.
 Sanctum is a 2011 Australian 3D adventure drama film directed by Alister Grierson and written by John Garvin and Andrew Wight. It stars Richard Roxburgh Rhys Wakefield and Ioan Gruffudd. Wight also produced the film with James Cameron as executive producer.
 Plaga Zombie is an Argentine comedy horror film series created by Pablo Parés Berta Muñiz and Hernán Sáez. The films follow three misfit heroes who uncover an alien-government conspiracy after a zombie outbreak occurs in their hometown.
 Terms and Conditions May Apply directed by Cullen Hoback is a 2013 documentary film about contractual terms of user-service agreements used on sites like Facebook Google Linkedin etc. Mark Zuckerberg appears in the film.
 The Flower with the Petals of Steel (Italian: Il fiore dai petali d'acciaio also known as The Flower with the Deadly Sting) is a 1973 Italian giallo film directed by Gianfranco Piccioli.
 Tomorrow (TOMORROW 明日) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Kazuo Kuroki.
 Princess Caraboo is a 1994 British-American historical comedy-drama film co-written (with John Wells) and directed by Michael Austin based on the real-life 19th-century character Princess Caraboo who passed herself off in British society as an exotic princess who spoke a strange foreign language; she is portrayed by Phoebe Cates.
 Sawaal (Hindi: सवाल; translation: Question) is a Hindi film produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Ramesh Talwar released in 1982. The music was composed by Khayyam and the lyrics were written by Majrooh Sultanpuri. Despite an all-star cast it did not succeed at the box office.[citation needed]
 Red Signal is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 Stranger in the City (Turkish: Şehirdeki Yabancı) is a 1962 Turkish drama film directed by Halit Refiğ. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Hi De Ho (also known as Hi-De-Ho) is a 1947 American musical race movie which was released by All American and has an African-American cast.The film stars Cab Calloway. He performs a number of songs in the film including a capella versions of Minnie was a Hep Cat and St. James Infirmary with his orchestra. The orchestra also provides incidental music for the other performers. Featured in the movie are the Peters Sisters (singers) and the Miller Brothers and Lois (tap dancers).
 El Pecado más lindo del mundo is a 1953 Argentine film.
 Revenge is a 1928 American film directed by Edwin Carewe starring Dolores del Río. The film was inspired by the novel The Daughter of the Bear Tamer by Konrad Bercovici.
 Shooting High is a 1940 American Western film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Jane Withers Gene Autry and Marjorie Weaver. Written by Lou Breslow and Owen Francis the film is about a generations-old old feud between two families that is resurrected when the town banker tries to contrsuct a highway through the area bearing a monument to the frontiersman ancestor of one of the families.
 The Dark Stairway is a 1938 British crime film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Hugh Williams Chili Bouchier and Garry Marsh. The film was a quota quickie production based on the 1931 novel From This Dark Stairway by Mignon G. Eberhart. In the film professional jealousy and rivalry erupts in a hospital over the discovery of a revolutionary new formula for anaesthetic leading to murder. The Dark Stairway is now classed as a lost film.
 Caravan is a 1946 British drama film directed by Arthur Crabtree. It was one of the Gainsborough Melodramas and is based on a novel Caravan by Eleanor Smith.
 Johnny You're Wanted is a 1956 British crime B-movie directed by Vernon Sewell and starring John Slater. The film features famous strongwoman Joan Rhodes performing her stage act.
 Healthy and Happy is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Bröllopsfotografen (English: The Wedding Photographer) is a Swedish tragicomedy film from 2009. It was directed and written by Ulf Malmros.
 Crazy to Act is a 1927 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Fools Rush In is a 1997 romantic comedy film directed by Andy Tennant. Matthew Perry and Salma Hayek star.
 Shiawase no Pan (しあわせのパン Lit:Bread of Happiness) is a 2012 Japanese drama film. The film is directed by Yukiko Mishima and it stars Tomoyo Harada Yo Oizumi and Kanna Mori.Shiawase no Pan was first released in cinemas located in Hokkaido on 21 January 2012 and was subsequently released in Japanese cinemas on 28 January 2012. It had grossed US$717956 as of 29 January 2012.
 Mr. Winkle Goes to War is a 1944 war comedy film starring Edward G. Robinson and Ruth Warrick based on a novel by Theodore Pratt.
 Being Human (French: Histoire d'être humain) is a 2005 documentary by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins. It was produced by Yves Bisaillon along with the production company National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and is categorized as a length feature.
 Yugo & Lala is a 2012 Chinese computer animated film directed by Wang Yunfei.Synopsis :Precocious ten-year-old Yugo a village girl who is also a student of martial arts meets a white liger a half lion half tiger creature born from a magic stone. It introduces itself as Lala. Shocked that she can understand the animal's language Yugo chases it up a mountain where a waiting Cloud Whale swallows them both whole.
 Betty Blokk-buster Follies is a 1976 Australian film based on Reg Livermore's popular one man show. Characters include:Betty Blokk-buster a German maid who entertained the troops during the war;an old man who recalls his youth as a male modelVaseline Amalnirtrate a football star who joins the Australian ballet.It was shot in the Bijou Theatre Balmain in late 1975.
 Heart of the Rio Grande is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette Fay McKenzie and Edith Fellows. Based on a story by Newlin B. Wildes the film is about a singing cowboy and dude ranch foreman who helps a spoiled teenager and her business tycoon father discover what is most important in life.
 Coffee Date is a 2006 independent film written and directed by Stewart Wade and released by BrownBag Productions. Originally a short film by Wade it was expanded into a feature and played at various film festivals.The film stars Jonathan Bray Wilson Cruz Jonathan Silverman and Sally Kirkland and also features Deborah Gibson Elaine Hendrix and Leigh Taylor-Young. In addition to acting in the film Gibson wrote and performed the closing credits song.
 The Naked Monster is a 2005 American ultra low-budget science fiction and horror comedy fan-film written by Ted Newsom and directed by Newsom and Wayne Berwick as an homage to and spoof of the giant monster-on-the-loose films of the 1950s. The final project took 21 years to make and was actor Kenneth Tobey's last film.
 The Onion Movie is a comedy film written by The Onion writers Robert D. Siegel and Todd Hanson along with the Chicago-based writing staff of the paper. It was filmed in 2003 and released on June 3 2008 direct-to-video.
 Shudhu Tumi is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy produced by Sagar Bhora and Siddhartha Bhora and starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Koel Mallick in the lead roles. Zubeen Garg composed the music.
 Jayakodi is a 1940 Indian film produced in Tamil cinema. Directed by Bhagwan Dada the film stars K. T. Rukmini K. Natarajan Kulathu Mani Babu K. Kokila K. T. Sakku Bai and S. Baasha. The film dealt with the problems of dowry in India.
 Confesión is a 1940 Argentine musical drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Hugo del Carril Alberto Vila and Alita Román.
 Rebellion (simplified Chinese: 同门; traditional Chinese: 同門) is an 2009 Hong Kong action/crime/thriller film directed by Herman Yau.
 Shinjuku Triad Society (Shinjuku kuroshakai: Chaina mafia sensô) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike. The film is one of the earliest examples of Miike's use of extreme violence and unusual characterization two aspects he would become notorious for. The film is part of the Black Triad trilogy and is followed by Rainy Dog and Ley Lines.
 No Country for Old Men is a 2007 American neo-Western thriller directed written and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen based on the Cormac McCarthy novel of the same name. The film stars Tommy Lee Jones Javier Bardem and Josh Brolin and tells the story of an ordinary man to whom chance delivers a fortune that is not his and the ensuing cat-and-mouse drama as the paths of three men intertwine in the desert landscape of 1980 West Texas.
 The Mindscape of Alan Moore is a 2005 documentary film which chronicles the life and work of Alan Moore author of several acclaimed graphic novels including From Hell Watchmen and V for Vendetta.The Mindscape of Alan Moore is Shadowsnake’s first completed feature project part One of the Shamanautical / 5 Elements series. It is the directorial debut of DeZ Vylenz.
 Buried Alive is a 2007 horror film starring Terence Jay Leah Rachel and Tobin Bell about a group of college students stalked by a vengeful spirit during a New Mexico road trip. It was a straight-to-DVD release distributed by Dimension Extreme. This film was a Blockbuster Exclusive.
 The Circus Kid is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz. Although it was a silent film it contained some talking sequences synchronized music and sound effects.
 Cutlass is a short drama film which was filmed in 2007 written and directed by Kate Hudson.
 Candles in the Dark is a 1993 made for television Christmas film directed by Maximilian Schell. Produced for The Family Channel the film stars Alyssa Milano and Chad Lowe.
 Sex is a Four Letter Word is a 1995 Australian film.It has been described as an Australian version of The Big Chill (1983).
 The Three Dances of Mary Wilford (German: Die drei Tänze der Mary Wilford) is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Friedrich Feher Erika Glässner and Ludwig Hartau. It was a sequel to the 1919 film Die Sünderin.
 Whiteout is a 2009 thriller film based on the 1998 comic book of the same name by Greg Rucka and Steve Lieber. Directed by Dominic Sena with uncredited reshoots by Stuart Baird and Len Wiseman it stars Kate Beckinsale Tom Skerritt Gabriel Macht and Alex O'Loughlin in the lead roles. The film was distributed by Warner Bros. and released on September 11 2009. It was produced under the banner of Dark Castle Entertainment by Joel Silver Susan Downey and David Gambino.
 The Siege of the Alcazar or L'Assedio dell'Alcazar is a 1940 Italian war film directed by Augusto Genina about the famous episode Siege of the Alcázar during the Spanish Civil War set in Toledo Spain. The film won the Mussolini Cup in Venice Film Festival for being the Best Italian Film. The film runs more in the Spanish dubbed version it was restored by Filmoteca Española and released in DVD in Spain by Divisa Home Video.
 The Marshal of Windy Hollow is a 1972 American film directed by Jerry Whittington and starring Sunset Carson. The film is unique in that it reunites several well-known B movie actors from 1940s Westerns for one last outing.
 Challenge 2 is a 2012 Bengali action film directed by Raja Chanda starring Dev and Pooja Bose in lead roles. The film is not a sequel to the 2009 Bengali film Challenge; it contains a very different storyline. Major parts of the movie were shot in Malaysia Dubai and Mumbai besides Kolkata. This is the most expensive movie made so far in Tollywood with a budget of 140 million.Challenge 2 is a remake of 2011 Telugu film Dookudu directed by Srinu Vaitla and starring Mahesh Babu and Samantha.
 Muniyandi Vilangyial Moonramandu (Tamil: முனியாண்டிவிலங்கியல் மூண்றாமாண்டு; English: Muniyandi Third Year Zoology) is a 2008 Tamil film directed by Thirumurugan. Bharath Poorna and Ponvannan play the lead roles with Vadivelu. It was produced by Malaysian-based firm Lotus Five Star in association with Thiru Pictures.
 The Brass Teapot is a 2012 American film directed by Ramaa Mosley. The movie's script was written by Tim Macy who also wrote the short story the movie is based on. The movie premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 8 2012 and was released into theaters and video on demand on April 5 2013.
 Go Johnny Go! is a 1959 rock and roll film starring Alan Freed as a talent scout searching for a future rock and roll star. Co-starring in the film are Jimmy Clanton Sandy Stewart and Chuck Berry. The film has also been released as Johnny Melody The Swinging Story and The Swinging Story of Johnny Melody.
 Whiteforce is a 1988 Australian-Philippines film about an undercover agent accused of murdering his partner.
 The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by Robert F. Hill. It is now considered to be lost.
 Raftaar is a 1975 Bollywood drama film directed by Dinesh-Ramanesh.
 Henry IV Part I and Henry IV Part II are 2012 British television films based on the plays of the same name by William Shakespeare. They are the second and third films in the series of television films called The Hollow Crown produced by Sam Mendes for BBC Two covering the second set of plays in Shakespeare's Henriad. They were directed and adapted by Richard Eyre and star Jeremy Irons as King Henry IV Simon Russell Beale as Falstaff and Tom Hiddleston as Prince Hal.
 The Boy on the Galloping Horse (Polish: Chłopiec na galopującym koniu) is a 2006 Polish drama film directed by Adam Guziński. It was screened out of competition at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Attila (also known as Attila the Hun in the UK) is an American TV miniseries set during the waning days of the Western Roman Empire in particular during the invasions of the Huns in Europe.
 Against the Current is a 2009 film released by Ambush Entertainment starring Joseph Fiennes Pell James Justin Kirk Elizabeth Reaser Martin Shakar Mary Tyler Moore and Michelle Trachtenberg.
 Club de femmes (aka Girls' Club or Women's Club) is a 1936 French film directed and written by Jacques Deval and starring Danielle Darrieux.
 Animal Factory is a 2000 crime drama film about life in prison set in San Quentin. The film was directed by Steve Buscemi and stars Willem Dafoe Edward Furlong Danny Trejo John Heard Mickey Rourke Tom Arnold Seymour Cassel and Mark Boone Jr.. Animal Factory is based on the novel of the same name by Eddie Bunker who plays the part of Buzzard in the film.
 Action Replayy (formerly Action Replay) is an Indian science fiction romantic comedy film directed by Vipul Shah and starring Akshay Kumar and Aishwarya Rai in the lead roles. Aditya Roy Kapoor Neha Dhupia Om Puri Kirron Kher and Rajpal Yadav play supporting roles in the film. The film was scheduled for release coinciding with Diwali 2010.The plot is similar to the 1985 Hollywood film Back to the Future.
 Shanti Shanti Shanti is a 1998 Kannada language comedy film directed by Srinivas. The film starred Abbas Madhavan Prakash Raj Prema Avni and Satish Shah in leading roles. The film during production became known for its series of innovative ideas for the Kannada film industry by becoming the first film to have a website and a six-track DTS sound. The film which featured cinematography from P. C.
 Gehenu Lamai is a 1978 Sri Lankan drama movie directed by Sumitra Peries. It introduced actress Vasantha Chathurani and was a critical and box office success.
 Miranda is a 2002 British comedy film starring Christina Ricci Kyle MacLachlan John Simm John Hurt Tamsin Greig and Julian Rhind-Tutt. The film is classified as a Romance/Thriller by IMDb.
 The White Parade is a 1934 film that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. It was written by Rian James Jesse Lasky Jr. Sonya Levien and Ernest Pascal from the novel by Rian James. The film was directed by Irving Cummings.Dedicated to the memory of Florence Nightingale the plot concerns the travails and romances of young women as they study to become nurses.
 Conqueror of Atlantis (Il conquistatore di Atlantide UK title: Kingdom in the Sand) is a 1965 Italian fantasy film adventure directed by Alfonso Brescia. A poor quality pan & scan copy of the film is presented as a bonus feature on the DVD Goliath and the Dragon.
 The Details is a 2011 film directed by Jacob Aaron Estes. When a family of raccoons discover worms living underneath the sod in Jeff and Nealy's backyard this pest problem begins a darkly comic and wild chain reaction of domestic tension infidelity and murder. It has a rating of 45% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 33 reviews.
 Battle of the Damned is a 2013 American action sci-fi film directed by Christopher Hatton and starring Dolph Lundgren. Following a deadly viral outbreak private soldier Max Gatling (Lundgren) leads a handful of survivors and a team of robots in a fight against an army of the dead. The film had a limited theatrical release in Germany on July 12 2013 (followed by a Blu-ray and DVD premiere) and was released on December 26 2013 in the United Kingdom.
 The Punishment is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Zombie Women of Satan is a 2009 British horror comedy film directed by Steve O'Brien and Warren Speed written by Warren Speed with contributions from Seymour Mace and O'Brien and starring Speed Victoria Hopkins and Christian Steel. A group of circus freaks must combat zombies and cultists while trying to rescue a captive.
 Bhakta Cheta (Kannada: ಭಕ್ತ ಚೇತ) is a 1961 Indian Kannada language film directed by M. B. Ganesh. The film stars Rajkumar Pratima Devi and Indira in lead roles.
 A London Flat Mystery is a 1915 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Vera Cornish George Foley and Reginald Stevens. It is also known by the alternative title The Mystery of a London Flat. A Scotland Yard detective believes two recent murders are linked and sets out to hunt down the killer.
 Let Sleeping Corpses Lie (Italian: Non si deve profanare il sonno dei morti / Do Not Profane the Sleep of the Dead) also known as The Living Dead at Manchester Morgue and Don't Open the Window is a 1974 Spanish-Italian horror film written and directed by Jorge Grau and starring Ray Lovelock Arthur Kennedy and Cristina Galbó.
 R.I.P.D. is a 2013 3D American supernatural comedy film directed by Robert Schwentke based on the comic book Rest In Peace Department by Peter M. Lenkov and published by Dark Horse Entertainment. The film stars Ryan Reynolds and Jeff Bridges as Nick Walker and Roy Pulsipher respectively.Filming was completed on January 28 2012 and the film was originally set to be released on June 28 2013 in United States by Universal Pictures but was pushed back to July 19 2013.
 The Irresistible Lover is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Antaheen Jatra (Assamese: অন্তহীন যাত্ৰা) is an Assamese language film directed by Munna Ahmed. The film is based on a widely read story by Jnanpith Award winner Mamoni Raisom Goswami. The film was screened at the Calcutta International Film Festival along with films from France Czechoslovakia China Portugal Vietnam Canada Norway Italy and Bangladesh.
 The Devil's Arithmetic is a 1999 TV movie based on the historical novel of the same name by Jane Yolen. It stars Kirsten Dunst as Hannah Stern and costars Brittany Murphy Louise Fletcher and Mimi Rogers. Dustin Hoffman introduces the film but is uncredited and serves as an executive producer with Mimi Rogers.
 Kali Yug: Goddess of Vengeance (Italian: Kali Yug la dea della vendetta and also known as Vengeance of Kali) is a 1963 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Camerini and starring Paul Guers.
 The Oath of Peter Hergatz (German: Der Schwur des Peter Hergatz) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Alfred Halm and starring Emil Jannings Stella Harf and Ernst Stahl-Nachbaur. It premiered in Leipzig on 2 June 1921.
 Under the Piano is a 1995 television film directed by Stefan Scaini and features Kevin Sullivan as executive producer. The film follows the story of one woman’s overwhelming faith in her talented but emotionally defenceless sister. The film starred Megan Follows and Amanda Plummer as the sisters and opera singer Teresa Stratas as their mother.
 Pimp is a British thriller film in the mockumentary vein of Man Bites Dog it was released in cinemas on 21 May 2010. It is written produced and directed by Robert Cavanah who also plays the lead role. It also starred Billy Boyd Martin Compston Scarlett Alice Johnson Barbara Nedeljakova Robert Fucilla and Danny Dyer.
 Things (stylized as THINGS) is a 1989 Canadian low budget independent horror exploitation film written and produced by Andrew Jordan & Barry J. Gillis. Marking the mainstream film debut of porn star Amber Lynn this Z-movie has a cult following of fans who call themselves Things-ites. Some critics have argued that it might be the worst film of all time.
 Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu (Kannada: ಭೂತಯ್ಯನ ಮಗ ಅಯ್ಯು) is a 1974 Indian Kannada language film directed by Siddalingaiah based on the novel Vayyari by Gorur Ramaswamy Iyengar and starring Vishnuvardhan Lokesh and M. P. Shankar in lead roles. The film is deemed to be a landmark in Kannada cinema.Vishnuvardhan (Gulla) Lokesh (Ayyu) and M. P. Shankar (Bhootayya) play the main characters. Lokesh won the State Award for this movie.
 Justice of the Wild is a 1913 American silent short adventure film directed by Frank E. Montgomery starring Harry Van Meter Mona Darkfeather and Jack Messick .
 Dharma is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Chand. The film stars Pran in the title role. The rest of the cast includes Ajit and the pair Navin Nischol and Rekha. The film became a Superhit at the box office. It was remade into the Telugu film Na Pere Bhagavan (1976). 'Dharma' film is also known for its music composed by the duo of Sonik-Omi and is especially famous for the qawwali sequence between Pran and Bindu. A couple of other songs were also nicely tuned and presented.
 Asylum Days is a 2001 thriller film directed by Thomas Elliott.
 Benvenuti al Sud (English: Welcome to the South) is an Italian comedy film directed by Luca Miniero. The film has a sequel Benvenuti al Nord.Dany Boon appears in a cameo. It was dedicated to Angelo Vassallo an Italian mayor murdered for his anti-crime campaign.
 Godavari (Telugu: గోదావరి) is a 2006 Telugu musical romantic film that was written and directed by Sekhar Kammula and produced by G. V. G. Raju. Sumanth and Kamalinee Mukherjee played the lead roles. The film was a success at box office in addition to receiving several Nandi and Filmfare awards. Music of the film was composed by K.M. Radha Krishnan.
 To pontikaki (Greek: Το ποντικάκι the little mouse) also To pondikaki is a 1954 Greek police film directed by Nikos Tsiforos and starring Aliki Vougiouklaki Dionyssis Papayannopoulos and Nikos Rizos.
 Inspector Hornleigh Goes To It is a 1941 British detective film directed by Walter Forde and starring Gordon Harker Alastair Sim Phyllis Calvert and Edward Chapman. It was the third and final film adaptation of the Inspector Hornleigh stories.It was released in America by 20th-Century Fox under the title Mail Train.
 Storms of Passion (German:Sturme der Leidenschaft) is a 1932 German crime film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Emil Jannings Anna Sten and Trude Hesterberg. It is regarded as a precursor of film noir. It premiered at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo on 22 January 1932. An alternative French language version Tumultes starring Charles Boyer was also released.
 The Taking of Pelham 123 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Tony Scott and starring Denzel Washington and John Travolta. It is a film adaptation of the novel by Morton Freedgood (writing under the pseudonym John Godey) and is a remake of the original 1974 film adaptation which was also remade in 1998 as a TV film. Production began in March 2008 and it was released on June 12 2009.
 The Rebel (1961) (US title: Call Me Genius) is a satirical comedy film. Starring the British comedian Tony Hancock it was written by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson. The film was made by Associated British Picture Corporation and distributed by Warner-Pathé (ABPC's distribution arm).
 The Cherry Pick or De Kersenpluk is a 1997 Dutch film directed by Arno Kranenborg.
 Aurora Floyd is a 1912 American silent short drama film directed by Theodore Marston based on a novel by Mary Elizabeth Braddon. Starring William Garwood Florence La Badie and Harry Benham. The film also stars Maude Fealy and David Thompson.
 The Bangville Police (also known as Bangville Police) is a 1913 comedy short starring Fred Mace Mabel Normand and the Keystone Cops (Mace Raymond Hatton Edgar Kennedy Ford Sterling and Al St. John). The film notable for being regarded as the seminal Keystone Cops short was directed by Henry Lehrman. The first Keystone Cops comedy was Hoffmeyer's Legacy (1912).
 Dhool (English: Super) is a 2003 Tamil action film directed by Dharani. The film featured Vikram Jyothika and Reemma Sen in the lead roles while Vivek Sayaji Shinde Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles. The film produced by A. M. Rathnam at a cost of 7 crore had music composed by Vidyasagar and released in January 2003 to positive reviews and was a huge commercial success. It was dubbed into Malayalam with same title.
 Hands of a Murderer (1990) is a British television film directed by Stuart Orme starring Edward Woodward as Sherlock Holmes and John Hillerman as Dr. John H. Watson.
 The 1912 film Geronimo's Last Raid is considered an important film of the pre-World War I era.[citation needed]
 I'm an Elephant Madame (German: Ich bin ein Elefant Madame) is a 1969 German comedy film directed by Peter Zadek. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival where it won a Silver Bear award.
 April Showers is an American independent film inspired by the 1999 Columbine High School shooting and the days that followed. It is written and directed by Andrew Robinson who was a senior at Columbine High School during the shootings.
 Brand of the Devil is a 1944 American western directed by Harry L. Fraser for Producers Releasing Corporation. The plot concerns a female ranch owner who is losing cattle to a gang of rustlers called The Devil's Brand. She turns to the Texas Rangers for help and they send in three Rangers undercover to bring the rustlers to justice.
 .303 is a 2009 short film directed by David Serge and produced by The Bigger Picture Malta.It has won the award for Best Overall Production Best Cinematography and the Local Jury Award at the Malta International TV Short Film Festival.[citation needed] It also made the Official Selection at the Palm Springs International Short Fest California as well as the Bodega Bay International Film Festival.[citation needed]
 This Is the Night is a 1932 comedy film made by Paramount Pictures and directed by Frank Tuttle.The film stars Lili Damita Charles Ruggles Roland Young Thelma Todd and Cary Grant.It is based on the 1923 play Pouche by Henri Falk and René Peter and the 1925 English-language adaptation Naughty Cinderella written by Avery Hopwood. The plays had already been adapted for film once before as Good and Naughty (1926) with Pola Negri. This is the Night is Cary Grant's feature film debut.
 Tsar (Russian: Царь) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Pavel Lungin. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Ferret Called Mickey is a 2003 Irish short film directed by Barry Dignam about a father who tries to get his young son involved in more manly pursuits (such as rabbit hunting) by getting him a ferret.
 Rome Against Rome (originally titled Roma contro Roma also known as War of the Zombies and Night Star: Goddess of Electra) is a 1964 sword-and-sandal film directed by Giuseppe Vari.
 The Shining Hour is a 1938 MGM film based on the 1934 play The Shining Hour by Keith Winter. The film starred Joan Crawford Margaret Sullavan Robert Young Melvyn Douglas and Fay Bainter.
 See No Evil: The Moors Murders is a British two-part television miniseries directed by Christopher Menaul. It was produced by Granada Television and broadcast on ITV during May 2006.
 Show Boat is a 1936 film.
 Women in Defense is a 1941 short film produced by the Office of Emergency Management shortly before the United States entered the Second World War.
 Childrens of Iron Gods (Russian: Дети чугунных богов translit. Deti chugunnykh bogov Hungarian: Vasisten gyermekei) is a 1993 Hungarian-Russian drama film directed by Tamás Tóth. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Wartime Romance (Russian: Военно-полевой роман translit. Voenno-polevoy roman) is a 1983 Soviet film directed by Pyotr Todorovsky. It tells the story of a soldier and a nurse separated by the World War II and briefly reunited in 1950.
 Peg o' My Heart is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Laurette Taylor. It is based on the 1912 play written by Taylor's husband J. Hartley Manners. The play starred Laurette Taylor and famously ran a record number of performances on Broadway. Six reels of the original eight reels survive at the Library of Congress.
 A Vacation in Hell is a 1979 made-for-television film starring Priscilla Barnes and Maureen McCormick as part of a group of lost vacationers being stalked through the Hawaiian jungle. It was helmed by Roots director David Greene and has acquired a cult following due in large part to subsequent re-airings in syndication.
 Mulan: Rise of a Warrior (simplified Chinese: 花木兰; traditional Chinese: 花木蘭; pinyin: Huā Mùlán) also known as Mulan: Legendary Warrior is a 2009 Chinese film starring Zhao Wei as the titular protagonist. The director Jingle Ma has explained that this film is vastly different from the 1998 Walt Disney animated film and adheres more to his imagination.
 Latin Lovers is a Technicolor 1953 romantic musical comedy film made by MGM. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and written by Isobel Lennart. The music score is by Nicholas Brodszky and the cinematographer was Joseph Ruttenberg.
 Man on a Green Bike is a Australian television film starring Grahame Bond and written and directed by Peter Weir in his directorial debut. The film was released in 1969.
 Sex Pot (Italian: La pupa del gangster) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.
 Ladki Pasand Hai is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by C.L. Rawal. The film stars Mumtaz.
 The Divide is a post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Xavier Gens and written by Karl Mueller and Eron Sheean. It stars Michael Biehn Lauren German Milo Ventimiglia and Rosanna Arquette and was released in theaters in the United States on January 13 2012. It was released on DVD in the United States on April 17 2012.
 It's a Wonderful World is a 1956 British musical film directed by Val Guest and starring Terence Morgan George Cole Mylène Demongeot and Kathleen Harrison. It was made at Shepperton Studios.
 Pehchaan: The Face of Truth is a Bollywood film released in 2005. The film directed by Sharbani Deodhar stars Vinod Khanna Rati Agnihotri and Raveena Tandon who also produced the film.
 5 Superfighters is a 1978 Shaw Brothers martial arts film about a kung fu expert who goes around to different schools correcting bad kung fu.
 Il tenente dei carabinieri (The lieutenant of Carabinieri) is a 1986 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.
 Lapland Calendar (Norwegian: Same Jakki) is a 1957 Norwegian documentary film directed by Per Høst. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 Super Shark is a 2011 sci-fi action film starring John Schneider Sarah Lieving and Tim Abell and directed by Fred Olen Ray.
 Mingo y Aníbal dos pelotazos en contra is a 1984 Argentine film.
 100 Minutes of Glory (Croatian: Sto minuta Slave) is a Croatian drama film directed by Dalibor Matanic. It was released in 2004.
 She Had to Choose is a 1934 American film. It's a romantic comedy/ crime drama set during The Depression in California directed by Ralph Ceder.
 American Reunion (also known as American Pie: Reunion in certain countries) is a 2012 ensemble comedy film written and directed by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg. It is the fourth installment in the American Pie theatrical series and eighth installment in the American Pie franchise overall.Due to the film's success it was revealed that a sequel under the name American Pie 5 is coming with Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg coming back as directors and screenwriters.
 My Name Is Julia Ross is a 1945 film noir having also some elements of Gothic fiction directed by Joseph H. Lewis and based on the novel The Woman in Red by Anthony Gilbert. This drama is the first in a series of films noir directed by Lewis and features Nina Foch Dame May Whitty and George Macready.
 44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shoot-Out is a 2003 American film directed by Yves Simoneau. The film premiered on the FX Network in June 2003.
 For 1995 Hindi language movie see Coolie No. 1 (Hindi film)Coolie No.1 is a 1991 Telugu movie written and directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. It stars Venkatesh Tabu Mohan Babu Rao Gopal Rao and Sharada Urvashi in vital roles. Music was composed by Ilayaraja. The film was produced by Venkatesh's father D. Ramanaidu on his home production Suresh Productions. This is the first movie of Tabu as an actress. The film was declared a hit at the box office banking on songs and Tabu.
 Dulha Ganga Paar Ke is a musical Bhojpuri film released in 1986 and directed by Rajkumar Sharma.[citation needed] The songs were composed by Laxman Shahabadi.[citation needed]
 Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi (Tamil: Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi)(English: Younger Brother Elder Brother) is a 1987 Tamil Romantic Comedy film directed by Manivannan. The film casts Sathyaraj and Prabhu Ganesan in lead role along with Nadia. The film was a box-office blockbuster and completed a 100 day run at all centres.
 Mustang Country is a 1976 Western film directed by John C. Champion. It stars American actor Joel McCrea. It co-stars Robert Fuller Patrick Wayne and Nika Mina.
 Sons of Liberty is a 1939 American short drama film directed by Michael Curtiz which tells the story of Haym Solomon. It won an Academy Award in 1940 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 The Egyptian is an American 1954 DeLuxe Color epic film made in CinemaScope by 20th Century Fox directed by Michael Curtiz and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. It is based on Mika Waltari's novel of the same name and the screenplay was adapted by Philip Dunne and Casey Robinson. Leading roles were played by Edmund Purdom Jean Simmons Peter Ustinov and Michael Wilding. Cinematographer Leon Shamroy was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.
 Catherine the Great (also titled The Rise of Catherine the Great) is a 1934 British historical film based on the play The Czarina by Lajos Bíró and Melchior Lengyel about the rise to power of Catherine the Great. It was directed by Paul Czinner and stars Elisabeth Bergner as Catherine Douglas Fairbanks Jr. as Grand Duke Peter Dorothy Hale as Countess Olga and Flora Robson as Empress Elizabeth.
 For the Ford Theatre episode see Ford Theatre.While We're Young is an upcoming film directed and written by Noah Baumbach. The film stars Ben Stiller Amanda Seyfried and Naomi Watts.
 The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American film an offbeat comedy or black comedy directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. The Trouble with Harry was released in the United States on October 3 1955 then rereleased in 1984 once the distribution rights had been acquired by Universal Pictures.
 Duck and Cover is a civil defense film (sometimes also characterized as a social guidance film or mischaracterized as propaganda)produced in 1951 (but first shown publicly in January 1952) by the United States federal government's civil defense branch shortly after the Soviet Union began nuclear testing. Written by Raymond J.
 The Green Archer is a 1925 American mystery film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 Elena and Her Men is a 1956 film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Ingrid Bergman and was her first film after leaving husband Roberto Rossellini. The film's original French title was Elena et les Hommes and in English-speaking countries the title was Paris Does Strange Things.
 Tulsa is a 1949 Technicolor film that was directed by Stuart Heisler and starred Susan Hayward and Robert Preston and featured Lloyd Gough Chill Wills (as the narrator) and Ed Begley in one of his earliest film roles billed as Edward Begley.The film's plot revolved around greed conservation and romance. It was nominated for an Oscar for its special effects in 1950.
 I Want to Be a Pilot is a 2006 award winning Kenyan - Mexican short film documentary written and directed by Diego Quemada-Diez. The film won international seven awards including the Audience Award at the Los Angeles Film Festival. The movie has earned more than 50 international prizes and has participated in over 200 film festivals such as Sundance Locarno Telluride Edinburgh Amiens Los Angeles São Paulo Manhattan Silverdocs Bermuda San Francisco.
 Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Entertainment and Laura Ziskin Productions and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam and Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent. It is the final film in the Sam Raimi Spider-Man trilogy. The film stars Tobey Maguire Kirsten Dunst James Franco Thomas Haden Church Topher Grace Bryce Dallas Howard Rosemary Harris J. K.
 A Girl in Every Port is a 1952 comedy film about two sailors who buy a racehorse. It was based on the short story They Sell Sailors Elephants by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan.
 Blind Date is a 1987 romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and starring Kim Basinger and Bruce Willis. This is the official film debut of Bruce Willis in his first leading role.The film was originally intended for the recently married Madonna and Sean Penn but both backed out after the project failed to attract a director. The screenplay was re-written and this draft was given to director Blake Edwards. He agreed contingent he be allowed re-write that draft. The studio agreed.
 Saint Matthew Passion (Hungarian: Részletek J.S. Bach Máté passiójából) is a 1966 Hungarian short documentary film directed by Tamás Czigány. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Un americano a Roma (internationally released as An American in Rome) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. The film consists in a satire of americanization and it was referred as a milestone in the evolution of Italian self-identification.
 The Love Trader is a preserved early talking film at the Library of Congress. It was directed by Joseph Henabery and starred silent greats Leatrice Joy Henry B. Walthall Barbara Bedford and Noah Beery. It was produced by an independent production company called Pacific Pictures and released through the Tiffany Pictures.
 Need for Speed is a 2014 American 3D action film directed by Scott Waugh written by George Gatins and John Gatins and produced by DreamWorks Pictures. It is an adaptation of the Need for Speed series of video games by Electronic Arts. It stars Aaron Paul as street racer Tobey Marshall who sets off to race cross-country as a way of avenging his friend's death at the hands of a rival racer.
 John Hopkins the Third (German: Die verschwundene Million) is a 1921 German film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 Life Is Beautiful (Italian: La vita è bella) is a 1997 Italian comedy-drama film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. Benigni plays Guido Orefice a Jewish Italian book shop owner who must employ his fertile imagination to shield his son from the horrors of internment in a Nazi concentration camp. Part of the film came from Benigni's own family history; before Roberto's birth his father had survived three years of internment at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
 Hungarian Rhapsody (Hungarian: Magyar rapszódia) is a 1979 Hungarian drama film directed by Miklós Jancsó. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hook is a 1991 American fantasy adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by James V. Hart and Malia Scotch Marmo. It stars Robin Williams as Peter Pan/Peter Banning Dustin Hoffman as the titular character of Captain Hook Julia Roberts as Tinker Bell Bob Hoskins as Smee Maggie Smith as Granny Wendy Caroline Goodall as Moira Banning and Charlie Korsmo as Jack Banning. The film acts as a sequel to J. M.
 A Little Bit of Heaven (formerly titled Earthbound) is a 2011 romantic comedy directed by Nicole Kassell and starring Kate Hudson and Gael García Bernal.
 Manhunt (Norwegian: Rovdyr) is a 2008 horror Norwegian film. The film is set in 1974.
 Tokyo is Dreaming is a 2008 documentary film by Peter I. Chang which depicts life in the Japanese capital and is accompanied by a score from Calexico's John Convertino.
 Wide Boy is a 1952 British crime film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Susan Shaw Sydney Tafler and Ronald Howard.
 Superstorm is a three-part British docudrama miniseries written and directed by Julian Simpson about a group of scientists that try to divert and weaken hurricanes using cloud seeding.Superstorm originally aired on BBC One for a period of three weeks totaling three 59 minute episodes from 15 April 2007 (2007-04-15) to 29 April 2007 (2007-04-29). Each episode was followed by a half-hour documentary on BBC Two on extreme weather monitoring and forecasting called The Science of Superstorms.
 The Armstrong Lie is a 2013 American documentary film directed by Alex Gibney about the cyclist Lance Armstrong. Originally titled The Road Back the film takes its name from Le Mensonge Armstrong the headline of the August 23 2005 issue of the French newspaper L'Équipe. The film was screened out of competition at the 70th Venice International Film Festival and in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict is a 1914 American silent comedy short starring Charlotte Burton Harry De Vere Perry Banks Edith Borella Ida Lewis and John Steppling. The film is the sequel to Mein Lieber Katrina.
 Bitter Moon is a 1992 Franco-British-American romantic thriller film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Hugh Grant Kristin Scott Thomas Emmanuelle Seigner and Peter Coyote. The film is known in France as Lunes de fiel (a pun on the French phrase lune de miel meaning 'honeymoon'). The script is inspired by a book with the same name written by the French author Pascal Bruckner. The score was composed by Vangelis.
 Black Marketing is a 1943 dramatic propaganda short produced by the Office of War Information and directed by William Castle. It is an educational film warning American civilians against buying unrationed foodstuffs and materials.The film opens in a courtroom with the prosecutor laying the government's case against a syndicate of racketeers with names like Joseph B Sam E etc.
 Virginia (originally titled What's Wrong With Virginia) is a 2010 film written and directed by Dustin Lance Black and starring Jennifer Connelly Ed Harris Emma Roberts Carrie Preston and Toby Jones.
 Lightnin' Bill Carson is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 The Dirty Picture is a 2011 Indian biographical drama film inspired by the life of Silk Smitha a South Indian actress noted for her erotic roles. The filmmakers have clarified that the story is not officially or literally based on Smitha alone but on many of her Southern contemporaries such as Nylon Nalini and Disco Shanti. It also resembles the personal lives of other women in popular culture including Hollywood actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe.
 The Beastmaster is a 1982 fantasy film directed by Don Coscarelli and starring Marc Singer Tanya Roberts John Amos and Rip Torn. The film was marketed with the tagline Born with the courage of an eagle the strength of a black tiger and the power of a god.
 Öyle bir kadın ki (She is Such a Woman) (1979) is the first Turkish film which included a hardcore scene to be legally produced and distributed. The plot claims to deal with the sexual ambivalence of married couples on vacation accompanied by a crime story. The movie started a short-lived but intense period of pornography in Turkey until the 1980 Turkish coup d'état. Today it is difficult to find the original uncut version.
 The Delinquents (Spanish: Los golfos) is a 1959 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mortacci is a 1989 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.
 Spy Kids is a 2001 American science fantasy family adventure film written and directed by Robert Rodriguez. It is the first installment in the Spy Kids series. Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara played the lead roles while Antonio Banderas Carla Gugino Alan Cumming Teri Hatcher Cheech Marin Danny Trejo Robert Patrick and Tony Shalhoub appeared in supporting roles.
 Born to Kill is a 1996 South Korean action film by Jang Hyun-soo starring Jung Woo-sung and Shim Eun-ha.
 Bardhaasht is a Bollywood drama and thriller film released in 2004. The director is E. Nivas. It is based on the screenplay written by Vikram Bhatt. The main cast of the movie is Bobby Deol Lara Dutta and Rahul Dev. Bardaasht is noted for its gritty and brutal portrayal of police force and triumph of human will and justice in the form of Major Aditya Shrivastava portrayed by Bobby Deol.
 Khudai is a 1994 film starring Rajesh Khanna in the main lead. Madhavi (actress) and Deepika Chikhalia are both paired opposite Rajesh Khanna. Gulshan Grover Arun Bakshi Avataar Gill Asha Sharma Anil Nagrath form the supporting cast.
 It Came From the Sky also known as Visiteurs impromptus Les (Canada: French title) was a 1999 made-for-TV movie which was a comedy drama that starred Yasmine Bleeth John Ritter Christopher Lloyd and JoBeth Williams.
 Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai (translation: From six to sixty) is a 1979 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Rajinikanth. It was produced by Panju Arunachalam. The cast also included Thilak Cho Thangai Seenivasan T.K.Bakavathi Jayalakshmi Sangeetha Jaya and Mallika.The music was composed by Ilayaraja. The songs were sung by S. P. Balasubramaniam S. P. Sailaja Jayachandran and S. Janaki.
 Viaje al centro de la Tierra (Spanish: Journey to the Center of the Earth) is a 1978 Spanish adventure film based on Journey to the Center of the Earth by Jules Verne. It has been released in English-speaking areas under the titles Where Time Began and The Fabulous Journey to the Center of the Earth.
 Il ragazzo di campagna (The country boy) is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Castellano and Giuseppe Moccia. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Joy Girl (1927) is an American two-strip Technicolor silent comedy film directed by Allan Dwan released by Fox Film Corporation starring Olive Borden Neil Hamilton and Marie Dressler and based on the novel of the same name by May Edginton
 Classified: The Edward Snowden Story was a 2014 feature film by Jason Bourque and Travis Doering starring Kevin Zegers Michael Shanks and Carmen Aguirre.
 Born to Ride is a 1991 film directed by Graham Baker. The film was released on May 3 1991 and starred John Stamos as a biker turned military Corporal.
 The Whole Wide World is a 1996 American film depicting the relationship between pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard (Vincent D'Onofrio) and schoolteacher Novalyne Price Ellis (Renée Zellweger).The film was adapted by Michael Scott Myers from Ellis's memoirs One Who Walked Alone and Day of the Stranger: Further Memories of Robert E. Howard. The film was directed by Dan Ireland. Original music was provided by Harry Gregson-Williams and his mentor Hans Zimmer.
 La ragazza del prete (The girlfriend of the priest) is a 1970 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Halaku is a 1956 Hindi language film with Pran in the title role playing Halaku. The cast includes Meena Kumari Ajit Minoo Mumtaz Raj Mehra Helen Shammi and Veena.
 Dynasty is a 1976 NBC television film directed by Lee Philips. It stars Harrison Ford Sarah Miles and Stacy Keach. The film was made during the period before Star Wars in which Ford's career was gaining momentum after his roles in American Graffiti and The Conversation.
 Every Day Except Christmas is a 37-minute documentary film filmed in 1957 at the Covent Garden fruit vegetable and flower market then located in the Covent Garden area of East central London.
 The Man Who Sued God is a 2001 Australian comedy film starring Billy Connolly and Judy Davis the film was directed by Mark Joffe. The film was considered a financial success debuting at number one at the Australian box office in the week of its launch and as of 2013 remains the 28th highest grossing Australian film of all time.
 If It's Tuesday This Must Be Belgium is a 1969 romantic comedy film made by Wolper Pictures and released by United Artists. It was directed by Mel Stuart filmed on location throughout Europe and features many cameo appearances from various stars.The title also used by a 1965 documentary on CBS television that filmed one such tour was taken from a New Yorker cartoon by Leonard Dove.
 The Goalkeeper's Fear of the Penalty (German: Die Angst des Tormanns beim Elfmeter) is a 1972 German-language drama film directed by Wim Wenders. It is also known as The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick. It was adapted from the novel with the same title by Peter Handke.
 Jonas in the Jungle is a 2013 documentary film by Peter Sempel about the filmmaker Jonas Mekas . It is part of a long term series of films about Mekas ( Jonas in the Desert (1991) Jonas at the Ocean (2004)).
 Bitters and Blue Ruin (2002) is a black-and-white neo-noir film shot in Philadelphia which centers on the ills of absinthe addiction.
 Ashley is a 2013 film directed by Dean Ronalds.
 Blame it on Fidel (French: La Faute à Fidel) is a 2006 French drama film directed by Julie Gavras.
 Amaram (Malayalam: അമരം English: Stern) is a 1991 Malayalam film directed by Bharathan and written by A. K. Lohithadas. It stars Mammootty Murali Maathu K. P. A. C. Lalitha Ashokan Chitra and Kuthiravattam Pappu in the main roles. The film's score is composed by Johnson while the songs are by Raveendran.The film is considered one of the best works of Bharathan. The performances by Mammootty K. P. A. C. Lalitha and Murali won great appreciations.
 Bustin' Loose is a film released by Universal Pictures in 1981 starring Richard Pryor as an ex-con who gets a second chance after violating his probation. School teacher Vivian Perry (played by Cicely Tyson) hires him to repair and drive a bus for a group of special needs children from Philadelphia to a farm in Washington state. Pryor also produced the film. Roberta Flack wrote and performed music for the movie. Paul Mooney has a small role.
 Play-Girl is a 1932 romantic drama film starring Winnie Lightner Loretta Young and Norman Foster. A young woman marries a professional gambler.
 Slippery Silks is the 19th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Kadhal Sadugudu is a 2003 romantic comedy film in Tamil directed by Durai who also directed Mugavaree. It stars Vikram and Priyanka Trivedi with Prakash Raj in the supporting role of Priyanka's father. The film is mostly remembered for its comedy performances by Vivek and Paravai Muniyamma which are very popular in Tamil cinema.
 Mala Noche (also known as Bad Night) is a 1986 American drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant based on an autobiographical novel by the Oregon poet Walt Curtis. The movie was shot in 16 mm mostly black-and-white. Mala Noche is the first feature film by Gus Van Sant. It was shot entirely on location in Portland Oregon.
 The House of Morecock is a gay pornographic adult cartoon created though computer-generated animation. It was the first American made gay adult animation. It was created by Joe Phillips a comic book artist and freelance illustrator who has created art for companies such as DC Comics Dark Horse Comics and Bud Lite.
 Destroy All Monsters released in Japan as Kaijū Sōshingeki (怪獣総進撃 lit. Charge of the Monsters) is a 1968 Japanese Science fiction Kaiju film produced by Toho. The ninth entry in the original Godzilla series it stars Akira Kubo Jun Tazaki Yukiko Kobayashi and Yoshio Tsuchiya. Produced in celebration as Toho's 20th kaiju film it was also originally intended to be the final Godzilla film and as such was given a bigger budget than the past few productions.
 Volcanoes of the Deep Sea is a 2003 documentary film directed by Stephen Low in the IMAX format about undersea volcanoes.
 A Girl like Me is a 2005 documentary by Kiri Davis. The seven-minute documentary examines such things as the importance of color hair and facial features for young African American women. It won the Diversity Award at the 6th Annual Media That Matters film festival in New York City and has received coverage on various American media sources such as CNN ABC NPR. The documentary has been shown on HBO and is available in its entirety on mediathatmattersfest.org.
 Seven Days in Utopia is a religious drama sport film directed by Matt Russell starring Robert Duvall Lucas Black and Melissa Leo.The film is based on the book Golf's Sacred Journey: Seven Days at the Links of Utopia by Dr. David Lamar Cook a psychologist who received a Ph.D. in Sport and Performance Psychology from the University of Virginia.It was filmed in Utopia Texas and Fredericksburg Texas and was released on September 2 2011 in the United States.
 The Sea Ghost is a 1931 American film directed by William Nigh and starring Alan Hale Clarence Wilson Claud Allister and Laura La Plante. The film was retitled U 67 for its American reissue stating in the foreword that some of the scenes in this film show authentic exploits of the U 67 under actual wartime conditions.
 Vášnivý bozk (also known as Vášnivý polibek; Kiss of Passion) is a 1995 Czecho-Slovak psychodrama starring Jozef Kroner Ivana Chýlková and Jiří Bartoška.
 Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu (Malayalam: സന്ധ്യക്ക് വിരിഞ്ഞ പൂവു്) is a 1983 Malayalam film written by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by P. G. Viswambharan. Seema Mammootty Adoor Bhasi Shankar and Mohanlal play the major roles.This was the first superhit movie of Mammootty as a hero.
 Lady Sings the Blues is a 1972 American biographical drama film directed by Sidney J. Furie about jazz singer Billie Holiday loosely based on her 1956 autobiography which in turn took its title from one of Holiday's most popular songs. It was produced by Motown Productions for Paramount Pictures. Diana Ross portrayed Holiday alongside a cast including Billy Dee Williams Richard Pryor James T. Callahan and Scatman Crothers.
 Tank Battalion is a 1958 war film directed by Sherman A. Rose starring Don Kelly Leslie Parrish and Edward G. Robinson Jr. Four men in their tank during the Korean War in 1951 find themselves behind enemy lines.
 Blackout Effect (UK: 747) is a 1998 made-for-television disaster/thriller film. Eric Stoltz plays John Dantley an NTSB officer sent to investigate a collision between an airliner and a cargo plane at O'Hare. Charles Martin Smith plays Henry Drake an air traffic controller who insists his radar system malfunctioned when the planes were getting cleared for landing. When the rest of ATC dismiss Drake and blame the incident on human error Dantley must discover the truth about the crash.
 Up Syndrome (2000) is a critically acclaimed multi-award winning documentary directed by Duane Graves. It was picked up for distribution by CineClix shortly after its world premiere at the 2001 Slamdance Film Festival in Park City UT and made available in the USA via Hulu.
 ¡Vuelven los García! (The Return of the García!) is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Hounddog is a 2007 coming-of-age drama film written directed and produced by Deborah Kampmeier and starring Dakota Fanning Isabelle Fuhrman Robin Wright Penn and Piper Laurie among others. It is also Isabelle Fuhrman's debut film. Penn also serves as an executive producer. The film was produced by Raye Dowell Jen Gatien and Terry Leonard.
 On the Sunny Side (German: Auf der Sonnenseite) is an East German musical comedy film directed by Ralf Kirsten and starring Manfred Krug. It was released in 1962.
 Ghost Patrol is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Hangmen is a 1987 film by director J. Christian Ingvordsen and stars Rick Washburn as a CIA operative and Keith Bogart as his son.
 Yellow Hair (노랑머리 Norang Meori) is a 1999 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Yu-min and starring former child actress Lee Jae-eun. The film caused controversy for its strong sexual content and was only approved for release after some of the more explicit material was cut. The film's English title is sometimes given as The Blonde.A sequel Yellow Hair 2 was released in 2001.
 Hotel Haywire is a 1937 comedy film written by Preston Sturges with uncredited rewrites by Lillie Hayward. It was directed by George Archainbaud and stars Leo Carrillo Lynne Overman Spring Byington Benny Baker and Colette Lyons.
 Pothan Vava is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by Joshi starring Mammootty in the title role. Famous Indian pop and bollywood singer Usha Uthup made her first screen appearance through this film. She played the role of Mammootty's mother.
 The Light (French: L'Équipier) is a 2004 French film directed by Philippe Lioret and starring Sandrine Bonnaire Émilie Dequenne Grégori Derangère and Philippe Torreton.
 Fear and Desire is a 1953 American military action/adventure film directed produced shot and edited by Stanley Kubrick. It is Kubrick’s first feature film and is also one of his least-seen productions.
 Nishan is a 1965 Hindi movie directed by Aspi Irani . The film stars Sanjeev Kumar ( in his first lead role) Nazima Prem Chopra Helen Mukri Sulochana and Shammi. The films music is by Usha Khanna. Lyricist Javed Anwar.
 Diego and His Brothers is a short film directed by Marty Lopez. It is based on events that had happened to his grandfather and his brothers during World War II in the Philippines.
 Waxie Moon (film) is a documentary directed by Wes Hurley centered around the gender-bending Juilliard-trained burlesque performer Waxie Moon. The film captures the burgeoning and mostly-queer neo-burlesque community in Seattle in 2000s. The film features interviews with dozens of performers and artists including the burlesque icons Miss Dirty Martini and Tigger! author and performer Marya Sea Kaminski drag superstar Ben DeLaCreme and many others.
 Gun n' Rose is a 1992 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Alan Tang Andy Lau Leon Lai and Simon Yam.
 Seems Like Old Times is a 1980 comedy film starring Chevy Chase Goldie Hawn and Charles Grodin directed by Jay Sandrich with Neil Simon as screenwriter.After Nick Gardenia (Chase) is forced to rob a bank and becomes a fugitive he seeks help from his ex-wife Glenda Parks (Hawn) a public defender.
 Maanthrikam is a 1995 Malayalam movie directed by Thampi Kannanthanam. The movie features Mohanlal Jagadish and Priya Raman in the lead roles. This movie marked the debut for the actor Vinayakan. Maanthrikam was the heavy budget movie of the year. And Maanthrikam was declared as Blockbuster of 1995.
 Silk (Gui si) is a 2006 Taiwanese horror film directed by Su Chao-Bin. It was screened out of competition at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lucky Jim is a 1957 British comedy film directed by John Boulting and starring Ian Carmichael Terry-Thomas and Hugh Griffith. It is an adaptation of the 1954 novel Lucky Jim by Kingsley Amis.
 Finding Bliss is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by filmmaker Julie Davis (Amy's Orgasm). Finding Bliss explores the pornographic film industry through the eyes of an idealistic 24 year-old film school grad Jody Balaban (played by Leelee Sobieski).
 Welcome Back Gandhi (also known as Mudhalvar Mahatma) is a 2014 film directed by A.Balakrishnan. The film released on January 30 2014 in India stars S.Kanagaraj as Mohandas Gandhi. The movie's music was written by Ilaiyaraaja with lyrics by Bharat Acharya and the movie's plot explores how Gandhi might react if he was still alive and visited modern day India.
 The Toolbox Murders is a 1978 crime mystery thriller film directed by Dennis Donnelly and written by Ann Kindberg Robert Easter and Neva Friedenn. The film was marketed as being a dramatization of a true story and was listed as a video nasty. In 2004 it was remade as Toolbox Murders.
 Gentlemen's Agreement is a 1935 British black-and-white adventure film directed by George Pearson and starring Ronald Shiner as Jim Ferrin and Vivien Leigh as Phil Stanley. It was produced by British & Dominions Film Corporation and Paramount British Pictures.
 Waiting for Godik is a 2007 documentary written and directed by Ari Davidovich chronicalling the rise and fall of the Israeli theater producer and impresario Giora Godik.
 A Piano for Mrs. Cimino is a 1982 American television movie produced and directed by George Schaefer. The teleplay by John Gay is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Oliphant. It was broadcast on February 3 by CBS.
 Pink Five is a Star Wars fan film that made its debut on the Internet in 2002 and was written and directed by Trey Stokes and stars Amy Earhart as Stacey (aka Pink Five) a fast-talking Valley Girl-type dropped into an X-Wing cockpit during the Battle of Yavin and presents familiar events and story points from Episode IV from a very different point-of-view.
 Summer City also known as Coast of Terror is a 1977 Australian film and also Mel Gibson's film debut. It was filmed in Newcastle Australia.
 Fate's Turning is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Charles H. West and featuring Stephanie Longfellow.
 Before the Deluge (French: Avant le déluge) is a 1954 French drama film directed by André Cayatte. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fragata Sarmiento is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Gonga Silonir Pakhi (Assamese: গংগা চিলনীৰ পাখী English: Feathers of the kite) is an Assamese language film by Padum Barua released in 1976. The film is based on a novel of the same title authored by Dr Laxminandan Borah.
 Rogue is a 2007 Australian independent horror film about a group of tourists in Australia who fall prey to a giant man-eating crocodile. Rogue was released in Australia on 8 November 2007.The film stars Michael Vartan and Radha Mitchell and was directed written and produced by Greg McLean who also directed the 2005 indie-Australian horror hit Wolf Creek. It was produced by David Lightfoot and Matt Hearn and made on a budget of A$26900000.
 Easy Rider is a 1969 American road movie written by Peter Fonda Dennis Hopper and Terry Southern produced by Fonda and directed by Hopper. It tells the story of two bikers (played by Fonda and Hopper) who travel through the American Southwest and South. The success of Easy Rider helped spark the New Hollywood phase of filmmaking during the early 1970s.
 Las tecnologías pesqueras (The Fishing Technologies) is a 1975 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.
 Tulasi is a 2007 Telugu film directed by Boyapati Srinu. It was later dubbed into Malayalam with the same title. It stars Venkatesh in the lead role as Tulasi Ram and Nayantara as the female lead. Music is scored by Devi Sri Prasad and the film is produced under Suresh Productions. This film story lines are nearly equals to before film Daddy. The film was also dubbed into Hindi as The Real Man Hero.
 Vellaiya Thevan is a 1990 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Manoj Kumar starring Ramki and Kanaka in lead roles.
 Fake Fiction (Chinese: 摩登年代) is a 2013 comedy-drama film directed by Shao Xiaoli and starring Xu Zheng and Zhang Zifeng.
 Avalon is a 1990 drama film directed by Barry Levinson. It is the third in Levinson's semi-autobiographical four Baltimore Films set in his hometown during the 1940s '50s and '60s: Diner (1982) Tin Men (1987) Avalon (1990) and Liberty Heights (1999). The film explores the themes of Jewish assimilation into American life.
 Sembilu is a 1994 Malaysian drama film directed by Dato' Yusof Haslam. The story concerns on a love story between a famous rock singer Awie with his lover Wati which is opposed by Wati's brother.
 One Hour With You is a 1932 American musical comedy film about a married couple who find themselves attracted to other people. It was produced and directed by Ernst Lubitsch with the assistance of George Cukor and written by Samson Raphaelson from the play Only a Dream by Lothar Schmidt. It stars Maurice Chevalier Jeanette MacDonald and Genevieve Tobin and features Charles Ruggles and Roland Young.
 Waah! Tera Kya Kehna (English: Wow! You're Amazing) is a 2002 Bollywood comedy film directed by Manoj Agrawal starring Govinda and Raveena Tandon.
 Pohádky tisíce a jedné noci (literally Tales of 1001 Nights) is a 1974 Czech animated film directed by Karel Zeman. The film combines the voyages of Sindbad the Sailor with elements of other tales from the Arabian Nights. Released in America as Adventures of Sinbad the Sailor it is also known as A Thousand and One Nights. The film was animated using paper cutouts and draws its visual inspiration from Persian miniatures.
 The White Hell of Pitz Palu (German: Die weisse Hölle vom Piz Palü) is a 1929 German silent mountain film co-directed by Arnold Fanck and Georg Wilhelm Pabst and starring Leni Riefenstahl Gustav Diessl Ernst Petersen and World War I flying ace Ernst Udet. Written by Arnold Fanck and Ladislaus Vajda the film is about a man who loses his wife in an avalanche while climbing the Piz Palü mountain and spends the next few years searching the mountain alone for her body.
 The Big Swap is a 1998 British drama film discussing the exchanging sexual partners for one night. As the name of the movie indicates it discusses the swapping or swinging between bunch of friends and how it affects their lives.
 Kidz in the Wood is a 1996 television broadcast movie starring Dave Thomas and Julia Duffy. The movie was filmed in 1994 but was not broadcast until 1996.
 The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini is the seventh (and last) of the American International Pictures (AIP) beach party films and was released in 1966. The entire film takes place in and around a haunted house with no beach in sight with the teenage gang instead cavorting in and around it and the adjacent swimming pool.
 La Doctora quiere tangos is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Going Back is Bruce Campbell's second feature film produced shortly after The Evil Dead and released in 1983. The film had been extremely rare to acquire for a number of years due to contract disputes between the director producer and the bankrupt original distributor. It was finally re-released on DVD in October 2006. The DVD release features an additional audio commentary track by Campbell director Ron Teachworth and cinematographer John Prusak.
 Damaad is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Rajat Rakshit. It is a comedy.
 Israel's Next War is an episode of the PBS series Frontline that aired on 5 April 2005. The episode by Israeli director Dan Setton investigated the rise of the religious right in Israel and the role it could play as a spoiler in peace negotiations with the Palestinians. It was Setton's second documentary film for PBS: his previous film for them Shattered Dreams of Peace won him a Peabody Award.
 Highballing to Victory is a short US propaganda film made toward the end of World War II about the importance of material and transportation in the war effort.After some stylized art deco opening credits the film begins with a shot of Hitler and scenes from Nazi rallies and early conquests in Europe. In 1940 Germany set out to dominate Europe the narrator begins.
 Scusa ma ti chiamo amore is a 2008 Italian film directed by Federico Moccia starring Raoul Bova and Michela Quattrociocche.This movie also stars Edoardo Natoli Luca Angeletti and Cecilia Dazzi.The film contains music from and an appearance by the Italian pop band Zero Assoluto. The title song Scusa ma ti chiamo amore is performed by Sugarfree
 Jeevana Jyothi (Telugu: జీవన జ్యోతి) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath. It stars Vanisri in a double role as mother and daughter. Sobhan Babu is the leading man. This film won for the major awards especially in Filmfare Awards South history it's break in first time that year all awards won this film. The director K. Viswanath later remade the film in Hindi as Sanjog (1985) with Jayaprada and Jeetendra.
 Streets of Gold is a 1986 American dramatic film directed by Joe Roth starring Klaus Maria Brandauer Wesley Snipes and Adrian Pasdar.
 All Things Pass (Dutch: Voorbij voorbij; literally Gone gone) is a 1979 television film directed by Paul Verhoeven. In Douglas Keesey's book on Verhoeven he writes that the film is a coda to Verhoeven's previous film Soldier of Orange (1977). It concerns several Dutch resistance fighters 35 years after World War II who have sworn revenge on a Dutch SS officer who shot their friend during the Netherlands' resistance to Nazi occupation.
 Last Stop for Paul is a 2006 independent film by Neil Mandt. It chronicles the journey of two men to the Full Moon Party in Thailand. The film is notable in that there was no crew and no casting.
 Jyoti is a 1988 Bengali film directed by Shabda Kumar and produced by Asis Ray. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Anuradha Patel in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Sapan Jagmohan.
 Anaganaga Oka Roju (Telugu: అనగనగా ఒక రోజు) is a 1997 Telugu Road movie thriller written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film stars J. D. Chakravarthy and Urmila Matondkar in the lead roles. Raghuvaran Brahmanandam and Kota Srinivasa Rao play other pivotal roles. The film was opened to positive reviews by critics. The soundtrack of this film had a positive opening.
 Catherine the Great (German: Katharina die Große) is a 1920 German silent historical film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Lucie Höflich Fritz Kortner and Fritz Delius. The film was an epic portrayal of the life of Catherine the Great of Russia. 4000 extras and 500 horses were used.
 To Jennifer is a found footage horror comedy film that was directed by James Cullen Bressack. It was released direct to DVD on October 15 2013 and stars Chuck Pappas as a young man that sets out to confront his unfaithful girlfriend Jennifer. The entire film was shot and edited on the iPhone 5.
 A Little Piece of Heaven (working title: Honor Bright) is a 1991 television film directed by Mimi Leder written by Betty Goldberg and starring Kirk Cameron. It was created by NBC.
 Kis Kis Ki Kismat is a 2004 Bollywood sex comedy film directed by Govind Menon starring Dharmendra and Mallika Sherawat. Supporting roles were played by Satish Shah Tinnu Anand Jagdeep Viju Khote Dinesh Hingoo and Shivaji Satam. Tamil composer D. Imman composed the music making his Bollywood debut. The film received negative reviews.
 Mama Loves Papa is a 1945 American black-and-white comedy film directed by Frank R. Strayer and written by Monte Brice with a story by Keene Thompson and a screenplay by Charles E. Roberts as a loose remake of the 1933 film of the same name written by Douglas MacLean. The film was produced by RKO Radio Pictures and stars Leon Errol and Elizabeth Risdon.
 Triangle (simplified Chinese: 铁三角; traditional Chinese: 鐵三角; pinyin: tie san jiao) is a 2007 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Tsui Hark Ringo Lam and Johnnie To. This was the final film directed or co-directed by Ringo Lam who has since retired as a film director. The film's title refers to both the acclaimed trio of filmmakers and to the uneasy brotherhood of the film's three protagonists.
 Attack of the Herbals is a 2010 Scottish horror comedy directed by David Keith from a screenplay written by David Ryan Keith Liam Matheson and Alisdair Cook.The film is about a group of locals who try to save Lobster Cove their sleepy village from disruption caused by a plan to build a new supermarket complex.
 Little Brother Big Trouble: A Christmas Adventure (also known as Niko 2: Little Brother Big Trouble or simply Niko 2) is a computer animated comedy/adventure film produced by Finnish Anima Vitae and Cinemaker Oy with co-producers Ulysses (Germany) A. Film (Denmark) Tidal Films (Ireland). The animation was produced in Finland Germany and Denmark with post-production carried out in Ireland.
 Sunshine Daydream is a music documentary film starring the rock band the Grateful Dead. It was shot at their August 27 1972 concert at the Old Renaissance Faire Grounds in Veneta Oregon. Unreleased for many years the movie was sometimes shown at small film festivals and bootleg recordings of it circulated on VHS and DVD and as digital downloads. A digitally remastered and reedited official version of the film was released on August 1 2013 showing only one time in selected theaters.
 Pelota de cuero is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Evidam Swargamanu ( It's Heaven Here) is a 2009 Malayalam film written by James Albert directed by Rosshan Andrrews and starring Mohanlal Sreenivasan Lalu Alex and Lakshmi Rai in the lead roles. The film was produced by Antony Perumbavoor under Aashirvad Cinemas.The film was a box office hit and was critically acclaimed. It won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Popular Film.
 Between Tears and Smiles (Chinese: 新啼笑姻缘; pinyin: Xin ti xiao yin yuan) is a 1964 Hong Kong drama film directed by eight different directors. The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Angel Who Pawned Her Harp is a 1956 British black and white part-fantasy comedy film directed by Alan Bromly and starring Felix Aylmer as a second hand store owner and Diane Cilento as the Angel. The film was based on a novel by Charles Terrot and is a remake of a television play written by him and broadcast in 1951.
 The Last Unicorn is a 1982 American animated fantasy film directed by Jules Bass and Arthur Rankin Jr. and featuring the voices of Alan Arkin Jeff Bridges and Mia Farrow as the Unicorn. The film was produced by Rankin/Bass for ITC Entertainment and animated by Topcraft. Based on the novel The Last Unicorn written by Peter S.
 Man Dancin' is a 2003 Scottish crime drama film directed by Norman Stone and starring Alex Ferns James Cosmo Tom Georgeson Kenneth Cranham and Jenny Foulds.
 Last Assassins is the pay-cable syndication and DVD release title of the 1997 action film Dusting Cliff 7 starring Nancy Allen and Lance Henriksen. The film which was shot on location throughout Southern California was released on DVD in 1998 and repackaged for release in 2010.
 La Vérité sur Bébé Donge (aka The Truth About Bebe Donge or UK title: The Truth of Our Marriage) is a 1952 French film directed Henri Decoin and starring Danielle Darrieux and Jean Gabin. The plot is essentially the analysis of a couple's marriage that has broken down; the film is based on the novel by Georges Simenon.
 Tourist Home is a 2013 Malayalam thriller film directed by Shebi. The film plots a series of incidents that take place in the 10 rooms of a tourist home. It is written by ten writers and is produced under the banner of Mega Media. The highlight of the film is that the entire story is filmed using a single shot.
 Anjada Gandu (Kannada: ಅಂಜದ ಗಂಡು) is an Indian Kannada feature film released in 1988 starring Ravichandran and Kushboo in the lead roles. Renuka Sharma directed this film. The film is a remake of Tamil original Thambikku Entha Ooru (1984) which starred Rajinikanth and Madhavi. The film is best remembered for its successful soundtrack scored by Hamsalekha.
 Blind Man's Bluff is a 1936 British drama film directed by Albert Parker and starring Basil Sydney Enid Stamp-Taylor and James Mason. The film was a quota quickie made at Wembley Studios by the Hollywood studio Fox's British subsidiary.
 2 Become 1 (Chinese: 天生一對 Literal Title: Perfect Match) is a 2006 Hong Kong romantic comedy-drama film directed by Law Wing-Cheong and produced by Johnnie To. The film stars Miriam Yeung as Bingo Leung a working-class woman who discovers she has breast cancer. The film is based on Xi Xi's published diary Mourning For Breasts (哀悼乳房) which chronicled her own experiences.
 Reefer and the Model is a 1988 Irish film written and directed by Joe Comerford. It concerns Reefer a former Irish Republican Army man who operates a ferry using an old trawler between the Galway coast and the Aran Islands; his friends Spider and Badger; and the pregnant Teresa (the Model) who has abandoned a life of drugs and prostitution in England. The group become involved in the armed robbery of a post office and are pursued by the Gardaí. The film premièred in Galway in August 1988.
 Blazing the Overland Trail (1956) is a Columbia Pictures serial directed by veteran serial specialist Spencer Gordon Bennet and produced by another serial specialist Sam Katzman. It was the last serial produced by Columbia and the last serial ever produced by any major studio. Republic Pictures the only other serial-producing studio in the mid-'50s had ceased its serial production the previous year with King of the Carnival.
 Road Trip: Beer Pong is a direct-to-DVD sequel to the Todd Phillips comedy film Road Trip and directed by Steve Rash. The only original cast members to return for the sequel were DJ Qualls and Rhoda Griffis. The film was produced by Paramount Famous Productions as Paramount Pictures having acquired right to DreamWorks SKG back catalog in its 2006 purchase of the company. The film was released on August 11 2009.
 Judy of Rogue's Harbor was a 1920 silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Mary Miles Minter. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Grace Miller White. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Realart and Paramount Pictures.As with many of Minter's films Judy of Rogue's Harbor is considered lost.
 One Hundred Mornings is a 2009 post-apocalyptic Irish drama film written and directed by Conor Horgan. It was one of three films funded by the Irish Film Board’s Catalyst Project designed to give up-and-coming filmmakers the opportunity to produce a low-budget feature film.Filmed over twenty days in County Wicklow Ireland for a total budget of €275000 it was writer/director Conor Horgan's first feature. The film was produced by Katie Holly for Blinder Films.
 First Family is an American comedy film released in 1980 starring Gilda Radner Bob Newhart Madeline Kahn Harvey Korman Rip Torn Austin Pendleton Fred Willard and Richard Benjamin. It was written and directed by Buck Henry.
 Un' Ora prima di Amleto più Pinocchio is an Italian film which was released in 1965.
 From Dusk Till Dawn 3: The Hangman's Daughter is a 2000 American horror film that serves as a prequel to the 1996 film From Dusk till Dawn. It was released directly to video and was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Home Video Release.[citation needed] In late 2010 the production of a fourth film in the series was discussed but as of August 2012 further work on this possibility has not been revealed. In late 2013 it was reported that a TV series had begun production.
 Pow Pow also known as Lyrical War Report is a documentary film released in 2005 and based on the release of Pow (Forward) by Lethal B.Grimes first ever documentary investigates the highs and lows of the number 11 chart smash hit.There are interviews from Tim Westwood Fumin D Double E Napper Jamakabi Neeko Flow Dan Ozzie B Forcer Demon Purple Fire Camp Knowledge Dexplicit 2 Face and Footsie.It was made in joint production by Club Sidewinder NuthingSorted.com MMG and Ablaze.The DVD was released by Nu-Era.
 Dreamchild is a 1985 British drama film written by Dennis Potter directed by Gavin Millar and produced by Rick McCallum and Kenith Trodd.
 Wonder Women! The Untold Story of American Superheroines is a 2012 documentary film exploring the concept of heroic women from the birth of the superhero in the 1940s to the TV and big screen action blockbusters of today.
 Mr. Jones at the Ball is a 1908 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Wodaabe – Herdsmen of the Sun (German: Wodaabe - Die Hirten der Sonne) is a 1989 documentary film by Werner Herzog.The film explores the social rituals and cultural celebrations of the Saharan nomadic Wodaabe tribe.
 Barbarella is a 1968 French-Italian science fiction film based on Jean-Claude Forest's French Barbarella comics. The film stars Jane Fonda in the title role and was directed by Roger Vadim who was Fonda's husband at the time.The film was not popular at its release but received greater attention afterward with a 1977 re-release. It has since become a cult film.
 Hatya: The Murder is a 2004 Hindi Fantasy / Action film. It Stars Akshay Kumar Navin Nischol Raza Murad & Varsha Usgaonkar.
 Fur: An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus (also known simply as Fur) is a 2006 film starring Nicole Kidman as iconic American photographer Diane Arbus who was known for her strange disturbing images.
 Sharpe's Company is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. This episode is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 MP da Last Don is a 1998 direct-to-video film written directed produced and starring Master P on No Limit Films. Also appearing in the film were Silkk the Shocker Mia X C-Murder and Snoop Dogg. The movie was a huge success as well as the studio album. It was one of No Limit Films biggest release.
 The Invisible Man is a 1933 science fiction film based on H. G. Wells' science fiction novel The Invisible Man published in 1897 as adapted by R. C. Sherriff Philip Wylie and Preston Sturges whose work was considered unsatisfactory and who was taken off the project. The film was directed by James Whale and stars Claude Rains in his first American screen appearance and Gloria Stuart.
 Barbershop 2: Back in Business is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Kevin Rodney Sullivan and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on February 6 2004.
 Company of Heroes is a 2013 American film based on the video game of the same name.
 They Won't Forget is a 1937 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy (who was uncredited). It was based on a novel by Ward Greene called Death in The Deep South which was in turn a fictionalized account of a real life case: the trial and subsequent lynching of Leo Frank after the murder of Mary Phagan in 1913. Lana Turner made her film debut as the murder victim.
 Mattoral (Malayalam: മറ്റൊരാള്‍) is a 1988 Malayalam family drama film directed by K. G. George and starring Mammootty Karamana Janardanan Nair and Seema. The film is written by C. V. Balakrishnan and is an adaptation of his own novel of the same title.
 Näköradiomiehen ihmeelliset siekailut is a 1969 Finnish comedy by Spede Pasanen. It features one of the most famous appearances by Vesa-Matti Loiri outside his Uuno Turhapuro persona also created by Pasanen. The film also features a famous cameo of the Finnish pop-star Danny.The film is often considered as one of Spede's greatest due to its human-story.
 Whistling in Dixie is a 1942 crime comedy film the second of three starring Red Skelton as murder mystery writer and amateur crime solver Wally Benton (aka. The Fox) and Ann Rutherford as his fiancee. The pair are called upon to solve a crime in the American South. The film also re-introduces Rags Ragland playing dual roles as twins the mostly-reformed Chester as well as his villainous brother from the first film.
 The Girl in Mourning (Spanish: La niña de luto) is a 1964 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Summers. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Journey into the Night (German: Der Gang in die Nacht) is a 1921 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. Prints of the film still survive thus making it the earliest surviving F. W. Murnau film as of 2013.
 Monterey Pop is a 1968 concert film by D. A. Pennebaker that documents the Monterey Pop Festival of 1967. Among Pennebaker's several camera operators were fellow documentarians Richard Leacock and Albert Maysles. The painter Brice Marden has an assistant camera credit and Bob Neuwirth who figured prominently in Pennebaker's Bob Dylan documentary Dont Look Back acted as stage manager. Titles for the film were by the illustrator Tomi Ungerer.
 Julia's Eyes (Spanish: Los ojos de Julia) is a critically acclaimed 2010 Spanish horror film directed by Guillem Morales and written by Morales and Oriol Paulo.
 Kumki is a 2012 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Prabhu Solomon. The film marked the debut of Vikram Prabhu. The story revolves around a mahout (portrayed by Vikram) and his trained elephant. The film was produced by director N. Lingusamy on his banner Thirupathi Brothers. The filming was launched in July 2011. It was released on December 14 2012. The film also released in Telugu as Gajaraju. Kumki ran successfully in the cinema halls.
 Savate (also known as The Fighter) - is a martial arts film starring Olivier Gruner promoted as the allegedly true story of the world's first kickboxer.
 Sunset Heat is a 1992 thriller film starring Michael Paré 1980s pop star Adam Ant and Dennis Hopper. In its obituary of Hopper The Telegraph called this a forgettable film which nonetheless allowed Hopper to pay his alimony. It featured original music by Jan Hammer who had written the Miami Vice theme music.
 Dave Chappelle's Block Party also known as Block Party is a 2005 documentary film hosted and written by comedian Dave Chappelle and directed by Michel Gondry. Its format is inspired by the documentary Wattstax.[citation needed]The film and its soundtrack are dedicated to the memory of music producer J Dilla who died from lupus one month before the film's release. The film was officially released at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Muay Thai Chaiya or Chaiya (Thai: ไชยา) is a 2007 Thai drama film about two talented muay Thai boxers boyhood friends whose lives take divergent paths after they arrive in Bangkok.
 Annapurna is a 1960 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao.
 The Mating Season is a 1951 classic farce with elements of screwball comedy. A film made by Paramount Pictures it was directed by Mitchell Leisen and produced by Charles Brackett from a screenplay by Charles Brackett Richard Breen and Walter Reisch based on the play Maggie by Caesar Dunn. The ensemble cast stars Gene Tierney John Lund Miriam Hopkins and Thelma Ritter.
 The Last Party is a documentary film co-written by and starring Robert Downey Jr. Interviews and commentary cover moments of history during the 1992 presidential campaigns and investigate the issues of the day with Downey's particular brand of off-beat humor and satire. Although Downey's political sympathies are clear in the film he lampoons both Democrats and Republicans equally and provides elements of general social commentary as well.
 Tale of Cinema is the sixth film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang-soo. It was entered into the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Night to Remember is a 1958 British drama film adaptation of Walter Lord's book A Night to Remember (1955) recounting the final night of the RMS Titanic. It was adapted by Eric Ambler directed by Roy Ward Baker and filmed in the United Kingdom.
 The Ex is a 2006 comedy film directed by Jesse Peretz and starring Zach Braff Amanda Peet and Jason Bateman. The film had a wide release planned for January 19 2007 and then March 9 2007. It was originally promoted under the working title Fast Track. It was released on May 11 2007. Co-stars include Charles Grodin (in his first ever film since 1994) Donal Logue and Mia Farrow.The film generally received negative reviews from critics. It had an international gross of $5142074.
 Lurking Fear is a 1994 horror film loosely based on the H. P. Lovecraft short story The Lurking Fear. It was produced by Charles Band's Full Moon Entertainment and written and directed by C. Courtney Joyner.
 Live at the Machine Shop is Texas progressive rock band Fair to Midland's first professionally filmed DVD release. It consists of footage of the band's show in Flint Michigan performed on December 17 2011 as well as pre-show and post-show footage and fan interviews. It was distributed exclusively through the band's website.
 Musang Berjanggut (The Bearded Fox) is 1959 Malaysian period romantic drama-comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The story is in the style of a traditional Malay folktale featuring supernatural elements and a story with an underlying moral. The plot follows the adventures of a prince named Tun Nila who sets out to find a woman who will marry him and what happens when he finds her at last.
 Race is a 2011 Malayalam thriller film directed by Kukku Surendran and starring Kunchacko Boban Mamta Mohandas Indrajith Baby Anikha and Gowri Munjal. An adaptation of the Hollywood film Trapped (2002) which itself was based on Greg Iles's novel 24 Hours the film also borrows premises from the Canadian film Butterfly on a Wheel (2007). The film opened in Kerala theatres on 11 February 2011 to negative reviews.
 Sleeping Beauty (Italian:La bella addormentata) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Chiarini and starring Luisa Ferida Amedeo Nazzari and Osvaldo Valenti. The film was screened at the 1942 Venice Film Festival. It is based on a 1919 play by Pier Maria Rosso di SanSecondo.
 Arrambam (English: Beginning) is a 2013 Indian Tamil action thriller film directed by Vishnuvardhan. Produced by A. Raghuram and co-written by Subha the film features Ajith Kumar Arya Nayantara and Taapsee Pannu in lead roles. While the score and soundtrack of the film were composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja the cinematography was handled by Om Prakash and editing by A.
 Murder in the Central Committee (Spanish: Asesinato en el Comité Central) is a 1982 Spanish thriller film directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Patxi Andión and Victoria Abril. The plot follows a private detective an ex-communist and former CIA agent who travels from Barcelona to Madrid to discover the identity of the assassin of the leader of the Spanish Communist Party who was stabbed during a blackout while presiding over a meeting of the party's Central Committee.
 Mazhai (English: Rain) is a 2005 Tamil film directed by Rajkumar. It is a remake of the multi award-winning Telugu film Varsham starring Prabhas Trisha and Gopichand. The remake stars Jayam Ravi Shriya Vadivelu Kalabhavan Mani Venkat Prabhu and Rahul Dev. The film's music is composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
 Let asfaltového holuba (Fly of the Asphalt Pigeon) is a 1991 Czechoslovak psychodrama starring Ondřej Vetchý Szidi Tobias Roman Luknár and György Cserhalmi.The movie directed by Vladimír Balco brought Vetchý the Golden Nail at the 29th Festival československého filmu as Best Actor in Leading Role. While Vladimír Godár won the award in the Film score category.
 Bhalobasa Bhalobasa (Bengali: ভালবাসা ভালবাসা)is a 1985 Bengali romantic film directed by Tarun Majumdar. The film is starring Tapas Paul Deboshree Roy.
 Do Matwale is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap and produced by Pushpa S. Choudhary. It stars Sanjay Dutt Chunky Pandey Sonam and Shilpa Shirodkar in pivotal roles.
 Vikramarkudu is a 2006 Telugu action thriller film directed by S.S. Rajamouli. Ravi Teja and Anushka Shetty play the lead roles. Ravi Teja played a double role. The film was given an 'A' certificate upon release. It released on 23 June 2006 and was a blockbuster.It was later remade in Tamil as Siruthai in Bangladeshi Bengali as Ulta Palta 69 in Kannada as Veera Madakari in Hindi as Rowdy Rathore and in Indian Bengali as Bikram Singha.
 The Insatiable is an American vampire horror film released on DVD in 2007 starring Sean Patrick Flanery Charlotte Ayanna and Michael Biehn.
 The Last Enemy (Italian:L'ultima nemica) is a 1938 Italian drama film directed by Umberto Barbaro and starring Fosco Giachetti María Denis and Guglielmo Sinaz.
 Black Republic (Hangul: 그들도 우리처럼; RR: Geudeuldo uri-cheoreom; lit. They Also Are Like Us) is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Park Kwang-su.
 Nos lleva la tristeza (We Take the Sadness) is a 1964 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Under the Mud is a 2009 comedy film directed by Solon Papadopoulos. It is set in Garston an economically depressed area of Liverpool and follows the dramatic and eccentric happenings within one family on the day of its youngest daughter's first Holy Communion. The film includes several fantasy sequences and has been described by its producers as “social surrealism”.
 Take Me Home is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by and starring Sam Jaeger. The film also stars his wife Amber Jaeger Lin Shaye and Victor Garber. It premiered on April 19 2011 at the Nashville Film Festival. Take Me Home was released to DVD on May 29 2012.
 It's a Bear is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 28th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Mailman is a 2004 thriller directed by Tony Mark and written by Brian Mazo.
 Prime is a 2005 American romantic comedy film starring Uma Thurman Meryl Streep and Bryan Greenberg. It was written and directed by Ben Younger. The film grossed $67937503 worldwide.
 Field of Dreams is a 1989 American fantasy-drama film directed by Phil Alden Robinson who also wrote the screenplay adapting W. P. Kinsella's novel Shoeless Joe. The film stars Kevin Costner Amy Madigan James Earl Jones Ray Liotta and Burt Lancaster in his final film. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards including Best Original Score Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.
 Tokyo Olympiad (東京オリンピック Tōkyō Orinpikku) is a 1965 documentary film directed by Kon Ichikawa which documents the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Like Leni Riefenstahl's Olympia which documented the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin Ichikawa's film was considered a milestone in documentary filmmaking. However Tokyo Olympiad keeps its focus more on the atmosphere of the games and the human side of the athletes instead of concentrating only on the winners and the results.
 Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by Puri Jagannath. The film stars Pawan Kalyan and Tamanna in the lead roles and was launched in Hyderabad on 14 March 2012. Filming started from 15 June 2012. The film was released on 18 October 2012 in over 1600 screens.
 Mommy is an upcoming Canadian drama film directed by Xavier Dolan. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.The film stars Anne Dorval as Diane Després a widowed mother who is overwhelmed by the difficulty of raising her troubled sometimes violent son Steve (Antoine-Olivier Pilon) as a single parent who begins to receive assistance and support from her mysterious new neighbour Kyla (Suzanne Clément).
 Prema Ishq Kaadhal is a 2013 Telugu romantic-comedy film directed by Pavan Sadineni. The film was produced by Bekkam Venugopal of Lucky Media. The cinematography was handled by Karthik Gattamneni who is famous for cinematography and direction of short films from the studio Pondfreaks Entertainment. Actors Harshavardhan Vishnu and Harish and three girls Vithika Sheru Srimukhi and Ritu Varma play three romantic pairs.
 The God Within is a 1912 American short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives.
 The Princess and the Pea is an animation film adaptation of the popular fairy tale The Princess and the Pea by Hans Christian Andersen. The film was directed by Mark Swan. It was released August 16 2002 as an American-Hungarian production of Feature Films for Families & Swan Productions. The script writers were Forrest S. Baker and Ken Cromar.The film won two Accolade Competition Awards of Excellence In 2003 and 2004 both for the musical score by composer Alan Williams.
 The Road to Singapore is a 1931 romantic drama film starring William Powell and Doris Kenyon who play two thirds of a romantic triangle along with Louis Calhern.
 The Prophecy 3: The Ascent is a fantasy horror-thriller film and the third motion picture (of five) in The Prophecy series. Christopher Walken and Steve Hytner reprise their roles as the Archangel Gabriel and the coroner Joseph respectively. As the war in Heaven and on Earth rages on Pyriel (Scott Cleverdon) the Angel of Genocide arises with the intention of destroying all humankind; the only one who can stop him is Danyael (Dave Buzzotta) a Nephilim born of an angel and a human woman.
 James Carroll's Constantine's Sword or Constantine's Sword is a 2007 historical documentary film on the relationship between the Catholic Church and Jews. Directed and produced by Oscar-nominated filmmaker Oren Jacoby the film is inspired by former priest James P. Carroll's 2001 book Constantine's Sword.
 Chakravakam (Telugu: చక్రవాకం) is a 1974 Telugu Drama film based on the novel titled Chakravakam written by Koduri Kausalya Devi.
 King Kong is a 1976 American monster thriller film produced by Dino De Laurentiis and directed by John Guillermin. It is a remake of the 1933 classic film of the same name about a giant ape that is captured and imported to New York City for exhibition.
 Seksdagesløbet is a 1958 Danish drama film directed by Jørgen Roos and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Harry's Game is a British television miniseries made by Yorkshire Television for ITV in 1982. It is based on the novel of the same name by Gerald Seymour which was published in 1975.The three-part serial starred Ray Lonnen as Capt. Harry Brown a British soldier sent undercover to Northern Ireland to find information to arrest Billy Downes (Derek Thompson) a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) gunman.
 Dust is a 1985 film directed by Marion Hänsel based on the J. M. Coetzee novel In the Heart of the Country. The film was shot in Spain and is a French-Belgian production. The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 58th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Cure is a 1995 comedy-drama film starring Brad Renfro and Joseph Mazzello about two boys searching for the cure of AIDS from which one of them is suffering. It was produced by Eric Eisner and Mark Burg.
 Boston Blackie and the Law is the twelfth of fourteen Columbia Pictures films starring Chester Morris as reformed crook Boston Blackie.
 The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi (German: Die Ehe des Herrn Mississippi) is a 1961 West German comedy film directed by Kurt Hoffmann. It is based on the play with the same title by Friedrich Dürrenmatt. It was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Am Sklavenmarkt (German: at the slave market) is a short 1907 Austrian pornographic film directed by Johann Schwarzer (1880-1914) at his studio Saturn-Film company. The film is 50 metres long. It is possibly the first Austrian film ever made and one of the earliest films to use erotic elements in Austrian films.[citation needed]The first image is taken from Am Sklavenmarkt.
 The Train is a suspense movie starring Rajesh Khanna and Nanda. The film did above average business at the box office. Khanna stars as Police Inspector Shyam Kumar who sets out to solve a series of murders which have all taken place on a train.
 That Day (French: Ce jour-là) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Belly of an Architect is a 1987 film drama written and directed by Peter Greenaway featuring original music by Glenn Branca and Wim Mertens.The movie stars Brian Dennehy and Chloe Webb and contains numerous references to the work of the 18th century French architect Étienne-Louis Boullée. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or (Golden Palm) award at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Parambarai (English: Hereditary) is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar starring Prabhu and Roja in lead roles. The film produced by Malar Balu and K. Dhandapani had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 January 1996. The films did fairly well at the box-office.
 A Pain in the Pullman is the 16th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Foul Play is a 1978 American comic mystery/thriller film written and directed by Colin Higgins and starring Goldie Hawn Chevy Chase Dudley Moore Burgess Meredith Eugene Roche Rachel Roberts Brian Dennehy and Billy Barty.
 The Caretaker (also known as The Guest ) is a 1963 British drama film directed by Clive Donner and based on the Harold Pinter play of the same name. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize.
 Forschen und Schaffen. Folge VI is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 I'm Here Darlings! is a 1975 Australian TV movie about a woman who believes her stepchildren are behind an unusual series of happenings.
 CJ7 (Chinese: 長江七號; Cantonese Yale: Cheung gong chat hou) is a 2008 Hong Kong-Chinese science fiction film co-written co-produced starring and directed by Stephen Chow. It was released on 31 January 2008 in Hong Kong. It was also released on 14 March 2008 in the United States.In August 2007 the film was given the title CJ7 a play on China's successful Shenzhou manned space missions—Shenzhou 5 and Shenzhou 6.
 Canción de la nieve is a 1954 Argentine film.
 The Troublemaker is a 1964 film directed by Theodore J. Flicker. The script was co-written by him and Buck Henry and they both had roles in the film. The humor was based on The Premise a Greenwich Village based comedy troupe.
 The Dead Father is a Canadian film directed by Guy Maddin and his debut film. The short film tells a surrealist story of a Son's feelings of anger sadness and inadequacy after the return of his Dead Father. The Dead Father is shot in black and white on 16mm film and features Maddin's usual use on the stylistic conventions of silent-era cinema.
 Fierce People is a 2005 independent drama thriller film adapted by Dirk Wittenborn from his 2002 novel of the same name. Directed by Griffin Dunne it starred Anton Yelchin Diane Lane Kristen Stewart Chris Evans and Donald Sutherland.
 Nassim al-Roh (Arabic: نسيم الروح‎) (Breeze of the Soul) is a Syrian drama film by director Abdellatif Abdelhamid. The film discusses different social scenes in modern Syrian society.
 Bronze Head And Steel Arm is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong kung fu film.
 Mystery Alaska is a 1999 comedy-drama film directed by Jay Roach about a local ice hockey team from the fictional small-town of Mystery that plays an exhibition game against the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. It was shot in Banff National Park and in a town built for the purpose outside Canmore Alberta.
 Mattupetty Machan is a 1998 Malayalam movie directed by Jose Thomas. Mukesh Baiju Jagathy Sreekumar Oduvil Unnikrishnan Maathu etc. played the main roles in the movie. The movie was produced by Gopikrishnan Vinu Kiriyath and Kannan Nair under the banner of Gopurachithra who also distributed the movie. Rajan Kiriyath and Vinu Kiriyath created the story for which the script and direction was added by Udaykrishna and Siby K. Thomas.
 The Famous Paparazzo (Romanian: Faimosul paparazzo) is a 1999 Romanian drama film directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu. It was Romania's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Qualunquemente is a 2011 Italian satirical comedy film starring comedian Antonio Albanese as his famous character Cetto La Qualunque a sleazy Southern Italy politician. The title means whichever-ly (adding ungrammatical adverbial endings is a shtick of the main character). It was released in Italy on 600 copies on January 21 2011[citation needed] and was screened in the Main Programme of the Panorama section at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Paper Soldiers is an urban crime comedy released in 2002. It stars Kevin Hart Beanie Sigel Stacey Dash Kamal Ahmed and rapper Jay-Z appears in a cameo role. It was produced by Roc-A-Fella Films and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 Juan y la Borrega (or Juan and la Borrega) is a 2011 Mexican short drama/thriller by Mexican director J. Xavier Velasco.
 The Minister (French: L'Exercice de l'État) is a 2011 French-Belgian drama film directed by Pierre Schöller. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Un Certain Regard FIPRESCI Award. It received four Magritte Award nominations winning three including Best Foreign Film in Coproduction.
 Touch & Go is a 2003 Canadian film comedy directed by Scott Simpson.
 Five Golden Hours is a 1961 Italian-British comedy film directed by Mario Zampi and written by Hans Wilhelm starring Ernie Kovacs Cyd Charisse and George Sanders and featuring Dennis Price and John Le Mesurier.
 The Grave is a 1996 thriller starring Craig Sheffer Gabrielle Anwar and Josh Charles. Its plot concerns two convicts who escape from prison to find a buried treasure.
 Ring: Kanzenban (リング 完全版) is a 1995 Japanese film that predates all other films in the Ring cycle. It is based on the book Ring by Koji Suzuki.
 Meet the Spartans is a 2008 parody film directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. Similar to past movies such as Scary Movie Date Movie and most recently Epic Movie it directs parodies at various films. Although it references many movies TV shows people and pop cultural events it focuses mainly on the 2007 film 300. It opened #1 in the US box office despite receiving overwhelmingly negative reviews. The film stars Sean Maguire Carmen Electra and Kevin Sorbo as The Captain.
 The Phantom Foe is a 1920 American adventure film serial directed by Bertram Millhauser.
 Chennai Express /tʃɨˈnaɪ/ /ɪkˈsprɛs/ is a 2013 Indian action comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty and produced by Gauri Khan for Red Chillies Entertainment. The film features Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles; it is the second collaboration between Khan and Padukone after the 2007 blockbuster Om Shanti Om. It is about a man's journey from Mumbai to Rameshwaram and what happens along the way after he falls in love with the daughter of a local don.
 Meri Biwi Ka Jawaab Nahin is a 2004 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by S.M. Iqbal. It stars Akshay Kumar and Sridevi in pivotal roles. The film was shot in 1994 and delayed for 10 years finally releasing in 2004.
 Jumper is a 2008 American science fiction film directed by Doug Liman loosely based on the 1992 science fiction novel of the same name written by Steven Gould. The film is directed by Doug Liman and stars Hayden Christensen Jamie Bell Samuel L. Jackson Rachel Bilson Max Thieriot AnnaSophia Robb and Diane Lane.
 Tora-san's Sunrise and Sunset (男はつらいよ 寅次郎夕焼け小焼け Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Yūyake Koyake) aka Torasan and the Painter and Tora-san's Sunset Glow is a 1976 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kiwako Taichi as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Sunrise and Sunset is the seventeenth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Theme (Russian: Тема) is a 1979 Soviet film directed by Gleb Panfilov. It tells the story of an egotistical playwright who thinks of himself as an artist but who allows the system to make him write conformist plays.The film was heavily censored on its release in 1979. The full version was not released until 1986; this version was awarded the Golden Bear at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Karz (pronunciation: Karz translation: in-debt) is a 1980 Hindi thriller film directed by Subhash Ghai starring Rishi Kapoor and Tina Munim as leads also starring Simi Garewal in the critically acclaimed role of Kamini Verma the murderous wife from the past life which won her a Filmfare nomination.
 11-11-11 is a 2011 supernatural horror film written and directed by Darren Lynn Bousman. The film is set on 11:11 on the 11th day of the 11th month and concerning an entity from another world that enters the earthly realm through Heaven's 11th gate. The film was released on November 11 2011 in 17 theaters domestically. It was not distributed any further in North America thus most of its revenues were generated from foreign showings.
 Smokescreen is a 1964 British crime thriller written and directed by Jim O'Connolly and starring Peter Vaughan.
 Meteor is a 1979 science fiction Technicolor disaster film in which scientists detect an asteroid on a collision course with Earth and struggle with international cold war politics in their efforts to prevent disaster. The movie starred Sean Connery and Natalie Wood.It was directed by Ronald Neame and with a screenplay by Edmund H. North and Stanley Mann inspired by a 1967 MIT report Project Icarus.
 The Vigilante (1947) was the 33rd serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was based on the comic book cowboy The Vigilante who first appeared in Action Comics and starred Ralph Byrd well known for his central role in the Dick Tracy serials. It was his last ever serial appearance.
 Raining in the Mountain (simplified Chinese: 空山灵雨; traditional Chinese: 空山靈雨; pinyin: Kong shan ling yu) is a 1979 Hong Kong-Taiwan drama film directed by King Hu. The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.The film tells the story of a Ming Dynasty monastery on a mountain.
 Your Friends & Neighbors is a 1998 comedy-drama film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Amy Brenneman Aaron Eckhart Catherine Keener Nastassja Kinski Jason Patric and Ben Stiller in an ensemble cast. This film was the first to be reviewed on the website Rotten Tomatoes. The film's credit sequences feature music by Apocalyptica.
 Stenka Razin (Russian: Стенька Разин) is the first finished Russian narrative film. The 10 minute silent film is a fictionalized account of the episodes from the life of Stenka Razin and was premieried on October 28 [O.S. October 15] 1908.
 The Woman from Tangier is a 1948 American crime film directed by Harold Daniels and starring Adele Jergens Stephen Dunne and Ian MacDonald. It was one of a number of films set in Tangier during the era. The film's art direction was by Walter Holscher.
 Decoy is a 1946 American film noir. Directed by Jack Bernhard the film stars Jean Gillie Edward Norris Robert Armstrong Herbert Rudley and Sheldon Leonard. The film was produced by Jack Bernhard and Bernard Brandt as a Jack Bernhard Production with a screenplay by Ned Young based on an original story by Stanley RubinDecoy is a showcase of how film noir can do so much with so little. Short-lived Jean Gillie stars as one of the film genre's toughest femme fatales.
 Charlie Bubbles is a British film of 1967 starring Billie Whitelaw and Albert Finney and also featuring a young Liza Minnelli. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.The film made great play of its Manchester setting contrasting the return of its eponymous lead character played by Finney to his home city after achieving success as a writer in London.
 We Go Way Back is a 2006 American film starring Aaron Blakely Maggie Brown Basil Harris Amber Hubert and Robert Wright. It was written and directed by Lynn Shelton.
 Gun Street is a 1961 Western film.
 Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling is a 2009 direct-to-video spin-off from the 2004 film Without a Paddle. There is no connection to the first film and none of the original actors return.It was released on DVD in the US on January 13 2009 and in the UK on March 23 2009.
 The Gentleman from America is a 1923 American comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson. It also featured Boris Karloff in an uncredited role.
 The Tiger Blade (Thai: เสือคาบดาบ or Seua khaap daap) is a 2005 Thai action film.
 The Boy and the World (Portuguese: O Menino e o Mundo) is a 2013 Brazilian animated film directed by Alê Abreu. The film's worldwide premiere occurred at the Ottawa International Animation Festival where it won the an Honourable Mention for Best Animated Feature Because it was full of some of the most beautiful images we've ever seen. It also earned an honorable mention at the Festival do Rio and won the Youth Award at the Mostra de Cinema de São Paulo.
 Vaaranam Aayiram (English: Thousand Elephants) is a 2008 Tamil romantic drama written and directed by Gautham Menon. Suriya plays dual lead roles with Simran Divya Spandana and Sameera Reddy . The film had been under production since late 2006 and was released worldwide on November 14 2008.
 Moms' Night Out is an upcoming American Christian/comedy film directed by Andrew Erwin and Jon Erwin and written by Jon Erwin and Andrea Gyertson Nasfell. The film stars Sarah Drew Trace Adkins Sean Astin and Patricia Heaton. The film is scheduled to be released on May 9 2014.
 Bellissima (1951) is an Italian neorealism film by Italian director Luchino Visconti. The film which is a satire of the film industry was shot at the Cinecittà studios. Alessandro Blasetti a contemporary film director appears as himself.
 Lost in the Suburbs (Czech: Návrat domů) is a 1948 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Legend of Ron Jeremy is a 2001 documentary written and directed by Scott J. Gill detailing the life of porn actor Ron Jeremy. The film alternates between clips of his performances in porn films and his prosaic home and family life as just another Jewish guy from Queens. His unfulfilled dream to become an actor in mainstream movies is a typical recurring theme in film.
 Broadway Nights is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Joseph C. Boyle and starring Lois Wilson and Sam Hardy. The film marked the debuts of Barbara Stanwyck and Ann Sothern who had small roles as fan dancers.
 The Bonnie Parker Story is a 1958 crime film directed by William Witney. It is loosely based on the life of Bonnie Parker a well-known outlaw of the 1930s. The film stars Dorothy Provine as Parker; Parker's actual historical partner Clyde Barrow is renamed Guy Darrow for the film's story and played by Jack Hogan.
 Junges Gemüse is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 The Magus is a 1968 film British mystery film directed by Guy Green. The screenplay was written by John Fowles based on his novel of the same name. It starred Michael Caine Anthony Quinn Candice Bergen and Anna Karina.
 Dawg is 2002 dramedy film directed by Victoria Hochberg. It stars Denis Leary and Elizabeth Hurley in their second film together. Steffani Brass was nominated for Young Artist Award with his role in this film. Although intended to be released in theaters under the title Bad Boy it was ultimately distributed direct-to-video.
 Ghost of Chibusa Enoki (怪談乳房榎 Kaidan chibusa enoki) aka The Mother Tree is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Goro Katano. It is Japanese horror film (J-Horror).
 J'ai rêvé sous l'eau (US title: I Dreamt Under the Water) is a 2008 French romantic drama film directed and written by Hormoz. It tells the story of a bisexual man starving for love who becomes a male prostitute.
 Juanita is a 1935 French musical comedy film directed by Pierre Caron and starring Mireille Perrey Alfred Rode and André Berley. The following year it was remade in Britain as Gypsy Melody directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Lupe Velez and Alfred Rode.
 Papa's Delicate Condition is a 1963 comedy film starring Jackie Gleason and Glynis Johns. It was an adaptation of the Corinne Griffith memoir of the same name about her father and growing up in Texarkana Texas.
 Normal! is a 2011 Algerian drama film written and directed by Merzak Allouache. It won the award for Best Film at the 2011 Doha Tribeca Film Festival.
 When Time Ran Out is a disaster film released in 1980 starring Paul Newman Jacqueline Bisset William Holden James Franciscus Ernest Borgnine Red Buttons Burgess Meredith Valentina Cortese Veronica Hamel Pat Morita Edward Albert and Barbara Carrera.
 The Egg and I is a 1947 American romantic comedy film directed by Chester Erskine who co-wrote the screenplay with Fred F.
 A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song is a 2011 American teen romantic comedy musical film directed by Damon Santostefano (director of Another Cinderella Story) and starring Lucy Hale Freddie Stroma and Missi Pyle. The film was released direct-to-DVD distributed by Warner Premiere on September 6 2011.
 Geeta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Hong Hai'er (紅孩兒) also known as The Fantastic Magic Baby is a 1975 film directed by Chang Cheh. The film is based on selected chapters of Wu Cheng'en's classical novel Journey to the West focusing on the story of Red Boy.
 Walk the Talk is a 2001 Australian film. It was funded by David Geffen.
 The Sorcerers is a 1967 British science fiction/horror film directed by Michael Reeves starring Boris Karloff Catherine Lacey Ian Ogilvy and Susan George. The original story and screenplay was conceived and written by John Burke. Reeves and his childhood friend Tom Baker re-wrote sections of the screenplay including the ending at Karloff's insistence wanting his character to appear more sympathetic.
 Die Ratten (English: The Rats) is a 1955 West German drama film directed by Robert Siodmak. It is an adaptation of the play The Rats by Gerhart Hauptmann which transferred the story in the early fifties shortly after the Second World War. It tells the story of the destitute Pole Pauline who sells her illegitimate baby for a few hundred Deutsche Mark to the childless forwarder's wife Anna John. The film won the Golden Bear award.
 Anastasia the False Czar's Daughter (German:Anastasia die falsche Zarentochter) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Arthur Bergen and starring Lee Parry Hans Stüwe and Elizza La Porta. It was an adaptation of a play by Guy Bolton and Marcelle Maurette inspired by the claims of Anna Anderson that she was really Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna daughter of the last Tsar of Russia who had been murdered in 1918 during the Russian Revolution.
 Comrades: Almost a Love Story (Chinese: 甜蜜蜜; pinyin: tián mì mì) is a 1996 Hong Kong film starring Maggie Cheung Leon Lai Eric Tsang and Kristy Yang. It was directed by Peter Chan. The title refers to Tian mi mi a song by Teresa Teng whose songs are featured in the film. It was filmed on location in Hong Kong and New York City.
 A skorpió I. is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 War and Peace (Jang Aur Aman) is a 2002 Indian documentary film directed by Anand Patwardhan.CBFC India (Central Board of Film Certification or the Censor Board) refused to certify the film without making 21 cuts. Hence the film was banned for over a year. However after a court battle the film was screened without a single cut. As with his previous films Patwardhan also successfully fought to force a reluctant national broadcaster Doordarshan to show this film on their national network.
 Pearl Harbor is a 2001 American epic war film directed by Michael Bay produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and written by Randall Wallace. It features a large ensemble cast including Ben Affleck Josh Hartnett Kate Beckinsale Cuba Gooding Jr. Tom Sizemore Jon Voight Colm Feore Mako and Alec Baldwin.Pearl Harbor is a dramatic reimagining of The Blitz Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent Doolittle Raid.
 El Juramento de Lagardere is a 1955 Argentine film.
 The Shop Around the Corner is a 1940 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring James Stewart Margaret Sullavan and Frank Morgan. The screenplay was written by Samson Raphaelson based on the 1937 Hungarian play Parfumerie by Miklós László.
 Sihinaya Dige Enna (Come along the dream) is a 2012 Sri Lankan film directed by Chandrarathne Mapitigama. It is a musical love story which also focuses on Sri Lankan ethnic issues.
 Kalpvriksh is a 2013 film produced by Raajaysh Chetwal of Rhombus Films and directed by Manika Sharma. The film features Shabana Azmi Makarand Deshpande Shivani Joshi Bobby Darling Rajat Kapoor Jaya Bhattacharya and Saurabh Shukla in key roles. The voice over for the film was done by Amitabh Bachchan.
 Swami Dada is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dev Anand starring Mithun Chakraborty Naseeruddin Shah newcomer Christine O'Neil Padmini Kohlapure and Dev Anand. The film was the first credited screen appearance of Jackie Shroff. Music was provided by R.D.Burman for this film. A couple of songs became popular.
 Sommerliebe is an East German film. It was released in 1955 and sold more than 3700000 tickets.
 Brothers (Danish: Brødre) is a 2004 Danish drama film directed by Susanne Bier and written by Bier and Anders Thomas Jensen. It stars Nikolaj Lie Kaas Connie Nielsen and Ulrich Thomsen.The film was remade as an American production with the same title (2009) directed by Jim Sheridan.
 Mad Scientist: Experiment in Error was a cartoon made to showcase the Mad Scientist toy line by Mattel Toys. It was produced in 1988 by Southern Star Productions distributed by International Video Entertainment published through its Family Home Entertainment line on VHS.The film was direct to home video with a 30-minute run time consisting of two 15-minute cartoons. The cartoons featured Dr. Sy N. Tist and his ward Brian engaging in bizarre experiments.External Links
 The St. Louis Kid is a 1934 drama film starring James Cagney as a truck driver who gets mixed up in a union dispute after a union leader is killed and his girlfriend is kidnapped after witnessing the crime.
 Return also Return: A Case of Passion is a 1985 independent mystery film written directed and co-produced by Andrew Silver. It was Silver's debut theatrical work.
 The R.M. is a 2003 comedy film about the experiences of an LDS returned missionary. RM is an LDS initialism for returned missionary. It was written by Kurt Hale and John E. Moyer and directed by Kurt Hale.
 Zona Roja (English: Red Zone) is a 1976 Mexican film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Fanny Cano.
 The House of Smiles (Italian: La casa del sorriso) is a 1991 Italian film directed by Marco Ferreri. It depicts a romance between an old man and an old woman inside a care home.The film won the Golden Bear at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sabas ang barbaro is a 1952 Filipino drama film directed by Eddie Romero and Enrique Moreno and written by Francisco Coching.
 Romance is a 1930 film directed by Clarence Brown starring Greta Garbo Lewis Stone and Gavin Gordon.The movie was adapted by Edwin Justus Mayer and Bess Meredyth from the 1913 play by Edward Sheldon. It was . An earlier silent film also called Romance was one of the first releases by then new United Artists and starred Doris Keane the actress in Sheldon's 1913 play.
 Be Careful is a Bollywood film that is released in the end of October 2011. The movie is directed by Chandrakant Singh and stars Rajneesh Duggal Tanisha Mukherjee Kiran Rathod Zaid Hameed Shillpi Sharma while the other members from the cast include Rajpal Yadav Asrani Shakti Kapoor Sanjay Mishra Tiku Talsania etc.
 Flashover is a 2008 documentary film concerning the release of John Deacon from prison after he was wrongfully convicted of arson in 2005.
 Yamanukku Yaman is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Yoganand.D starring Sivaji Ganesan and Sripriya in lead roles.
 Song for Marion (released in the United States as Unfinished Song) is a 2012 British-German comedy-drama film written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams and starring Terence Stamp Gemma Arterton Christopher Eccleston and Vanessa Redgrave.The film was nominated for three awards—Best Actor Best Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress—at the 2012 British Independent Film Awards.
 Hell to Pay is a 2011 black-and-white neo-noir film written and directed by Jay Jennings. The film pays homage to 1950s film noir and 1970s crime dramas.
 Baat Ban Jaye is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bharat Rangachary starring Sanjeev Kumar Mithun Chakraborty Utpal Dutt Raj Babbar Zeenat Aman Amol Palekar Aruna Irani and Shakti Kapoor.
 The Willies is a 1990 comedy/horror film anthology written and directed by Brian Peck.
 Twixt is a 2011 horror thriller film written directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola starring Val Kilmer and Elle Fanning The film premiered on September 4 2011 at the Toronto International Film Festival and was screened at various film festivals in North America receiving a limited theatrical release in a handful of International markets.
 Three Steps to the Gallows released in the United States as White Fire is a 1953 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Scott Brady Mary Castle and Gabrielle Brune. An American comes to London to attempt to save his brother from being hanged for a murder he didn't commit.
 One-Eyed Monster is a 2008 sci-fi/horror comedy film directed by Adam Fields about the cast and crew of an adult film having an encounter with a different kind of monster while filming in the Northern California mountains.
 Son of Frankenstein (1939) is a horror monster film and is the third film in Universal Studios' Frankenstein series and the last to feature Boris Karloff as the Monster as well as the first to feature Bela Lugosi as Ygor. The picture is a sequel to James Whale's Bride of Frankenstein directed by Rowland V.
 A Kiss Before Dying is a 1991 British and American neo-noir film. It was directed by James Dearden and based on the novel of the same name by Ira Levin whose book won the 1954 Edgar Award for Best First Novel. It was adapted for the cinema once before in 1956. The drama features Matt Dillon Sean Young and others.
 First Love (Primo Amore in Italian) is a 2004 film directed by Matteo Garrone and Massimo Gaudioso based on a novel by Marco Mariolini. The film deals with anorexia nervosa. This film has not been rated by the MPAA.
 Indonesia Calling is a 1946 Australian short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and produced by the then Waterside Workers' Federation.
 Deadline is a direct-to-video psychological thriller film directed by Sean McConville and starring Brittany Murphy and Thora Birch.
 After School Midnighters (放課後ミッドナイターズ Hōkago Midnighters) is a 2012 Japanese computer animated comedy film directed by Hitoshi Takekiyo. It released on August 25 2012 in Japan and was originally based upon a short film that Takekiyo had made for a musical channel.The producers of After School Midnighters submitted the film for an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but it was not selected for the final round.
 Hellfighters is a 1968 American film starring John Wayne and featuring Katharine Ross Bruce Cabot Jim Hutton Jay C. Flippen and Vera Miles. The movie directed by Andrew V. McLaglen is about a group of oil well firefighters based loosely on the life of Red Adair. Adair Boots Hansen and Coots Matthews served as technical advisors on the film.Hellfighters was for the most part negatively received.
 Comin' at Ya! is a 3-D Western film featuring Tony Anthony Victoria Abril and Gene Quintano and directed by Ferdinando Baldi.It was produced as a co-production between American company Filmways and Lupo-Anthony-Quintano Productions an independent company. Released in 1981 the film effectively started the 3-D film boom of 1983. The same filmmakers returned in 1983 with Treasure of the Four Crowns.
 Harry Tracy Desperado is a 1982 Canadian drama/western film starring Bruce Dern and Helen Shaver. It was directed by William A. Graham and filmed on-location in Historical Barkerville British Columbia. My Love for You was sung by Gordon Lightfoot.
 Love and Liquor (Burmese: မေတ္တာနှင့်သူရာ; Myitta Hnint Thuyar) is a 1920 Burmese silent film directed by Ohn Maung written by P Moe Nin and starring Nyi Pu. It was the first Burmese feature film and the day it premiered October 13 1920 is commemorated annually as Myanmar Movie Day.
 AfterLife is a 2003 film drama set in Scotland directed by Alison Peebles and original screen play by Andrea Gibb. An ambitious Scottish journalist forced to choose between his high-flying career or caring for his younger sister who has Down syndrome. Afterlife won the Audience Award at The Edinburgh Film Festival 2003. Stars Lindsay Duncan with Kevin McKidd and Shirley Henderson. Newcomer Paula Sage holds her own as the Bingo-playing sister Roberta.
 Fort Utah is a 1967 western film directed by Lesley Selander and starring John Ireland and Virginia Mayo.
 The Saturday Night Kid (1929) is an early talking romantic comedy film about two sisters and the man they both want. It stars Clara Bow Jean Arthur James Hall and in her first credited role Jean Harlow. The film was based on the play Love 'Em and Leave 'Em (1926) by George Abbott and John V. A. Weaver. This movie still survives.
 The Naked Kitchen (Hangul: 키친; RR: Kichin; lit. Kitchen) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Ji-young. Starring Shin Min-ah Joo Ji-hoon and Kim Tae-woo the film is a romantic comedy-drama about a very curious ménage à trois.
 La leggenda di Enea (The Legend of Aeneas) aka The Avenger is a 1962 Italian / French / Yugoslavian film directed by Giorgio Venturini.The film is also known as Conquérants héroiques in France The Avenger (American theatrical title) The Last Glory of Troy (American TV title) and War of the Trojans in the United Kingdom.
 Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a 1977 American science fiction film written and directed by Steven Spielberg and features actors Richard Dreyfuss François Truffaut Melinda Dillon Teri Garr Bob Balaban and Cary Guffey. It tells the story of Roy Neary an everyday blue collar worker in Indiana whose life changes after an encounter with an unidentified flying object (UFO).Close Encounters was a long-cherished project for Spielberg.
 Captured in Chinatown is a 1935 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.
 Son of the Shark (French: Le Fils du Requin) is a 1993 French film directed by Agnès Merlet about two brothers Martin (Ludovic Vandendaele) and Simon (Eric Da Silva) and their adventures as juvenile delinquents in the north of France.Inspired by a well-known passage of Lautréamont's Les Chants de Maldoror Martin holds a belief in which he claims to be the son of a female shark.
 Il Microfono è vostro is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Giuseppe Bennati.
 Boogie-Woogie Dream (1944) is an independently-made short film musical directed by Hanus Burger starring Lena Horne Albert Ammons Pete Johnson and Teddy Wilson and his orchestra. It is a significant film in the history of jazz for its early glimpse of Lena Horne (in her second film) and as the only film of boogie-woogie piano masters Albert Ammons and Pete Johnson.
 Sex and Lies in Sin City: the Ted Binion Scandal is a 2008 Lifetime Television movie starring Johnathon Schaech Marcia Gay Harden Matthew Modine and Mena Suvari.
 The Case of the Velvet Claws is a 1936 mystery film based on the first Perry Mason novel by Erle Stanley Gardner and featuring the fourth and final appearance of Warren William as defense attorney Mason. Mason finally marries his longtime secretary Della Street but has to cut their honeymoon short in order to defend a woman accused of murder.
 Nanban (English: Friend) is a 2012 Tamil coming-of-age comedy-drama film directed by Shankar. It is a remake of Rajkumar Hirani's 3 Idiots (2009) which itself was adapted from the novel Five Point Someone – What not to do at IIT! by Chetan Bhagat. featuring an ensemble cast that includes Vijay Jiiva Srikanth Ileana D'Cruz Sathyan and Sathyaraj.The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Harris Jayaraj and cinematography was handled by Manoj Paramahamsa.
 Mar Mitenge is a 1988 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kawal Sharma starring Jeetendra Mithun Chakraborty Madhavi Bhanupriya Shakti Kapoor Amrish Puri Shakti Kapoor Vinod Mehra and Kader Khan.
 The Acid House is a film adaptation of Irvine Welsh's short story collection The Acid House. Welsh himself wrote the screenplay and appears as a minor character in the film.
 Class of '44 is the 1973 sequel to Summer of '42.The film is a slice-of-life style autobiography of sorts depicting Herman Raucher's (Gary Grimes) first year in college where he falls in love with Julie (Deborah Winters) under the shadow of the growing threat of WW II.
 Paranormal Activity 2 is a 2010 American supernatural horror film directed by Tod Williams and written by Michael R. Perry. The film is a parallel prequel to the 2007 film Paranormal Activity beginning two months before and following up with the events depicted in the original film. It was released in theaters at midnight on October 22 2010 in the United States the United Kingdom Canada Mexico Brazil Poland and Ireland.
 Kasturi is a 1980 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bimal Dutta starring Nutan Mithun Chakraborty Parikshit Sahni Sadhu Meher and Shreeram Lagoo
 Easy Come Easy Go was a proposed film starring Jan and Dean which was abandoned in 1965 due to a train crash.Alan Rafkin was originally announced to direct. Eventually TV director Barry Shear was selected to make his feature debut. The plot involved a movie star (to be played by Terry Thomas) who moved in with Jan and Dean and their friends to research a role.Filming started August 2 1965.
 Sbirro la tua legge è lenta... la mia no! (internationally released as Hunted City) is a 1979 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi. It represents one of the few negative roles for Merola.
 Street Knight is a 1993 American action film starring Jeff Speakman. It was the last film released by Cannon Films.The film currently holds a 4.6/10 user rating on the Internet Movie Database.
 Rick's Redemption is a 1913 American silent short film starring William Garwood and Muriel Ostriche.
 From Above formerly Chasing Shakespeare is a 2013 film directed by Norry Niven and starring Danny Glover Ashley Bell and Graham Greene. The premiered at the The Dallas International Film Festival Festival in April 2013 and was opening night film at the Breckenridge Film Festival The Montreal Black Film Festival The 38th annual Native American Film Festival in San Francisco on November 1 2013 The African Diaspora Film Festival NY and The Orlando Film Festival.
 The Other (Arabic: الآخر‎ translit. El akhar French: L'Autre) is a 1999 French-Egyptian drama film directed by Youssef Chahine. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.Lebanese soprano Majida El Roumi sang Adam W Hanan an Egyptian song included in the film.
 Berlin Alexanderplatz (pronounced [bɛɐˈliːn ˌalɛˈksandɐplats]) originally broadcast in 1980 is a 14-part West German television miniseries adapted and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder from the Alfred Döblin novel of the same name and stars Günter Lamprecht Hanna Schygulla Barbara Sukowa Elisabeth Trissenaar and Gottfried John. The complete series is 15½ hours long. In 1983 it was released theatrically in the United States where a theatre would show two or three parts per night.
 The Man in the Iron Mask is a 1977 television film loosely adapted from The Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas and presenting several plot similarities with the 1939 film version. It was produced by ITC Entertainment and starred Richard Chamberlain as Louis XIV and Philippe his twin Patrick McGoohan as Nicolas Fouquet Ralph Richardson as Jean-Baptiste Colbert Louis Jourdan as D'Artagnan and Ian Holm as the Chevalier Duval.
 Girls Will Be Boys is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Dolly Haas Cyril Maude and Esmond Knight. It is based on The Last Lord a play by Robert Siodmak. Haas made this her first English-language film following a Nazi-led riot at the premiere of her previous film Das häßliche Mädchen and in 1936 fled Germany altogether.
 Tupac Assassination: Conspiracy or Revenge is a documentary film about the unsolved murder of rapper Tupac Shakur produced by Frank Alexander a Shakur bodyguard who was with the rapper at the time of the shooting produced and directed by Richard Bond. The film was released October 23 2007 on DVD.
 Night Slaves is a 1970 American television science fiction-horror film directed by Ted Post.
 Desperately Seeking Susan is a 1985 American comedy-drama film directed by Susan Seidelman and starring Rosanna Arquette and Madonna.
 Kein Ärger mit Cleopatra (English-language title: No Trouble with Cleopatra) is an East German comedy film directed by Helmut Schneider. It was released in 1960.
 Piriyadha Varam Vendum is a 2001 Tamil language film written and directed by Kamal which was a remake of his 1999 Malayalam film Niram. The movie stars Prashanth and Shalini in the lead roles while an ensemble cast featuring Manivannan and Janagaraj among others play supporting roles. Featuring music by S. A. Rajkumar the film opened to positive reviews in February 2001.
 Elegant Lies (Hangul: 우아한 거짓말; RR: Uahan Geojitmal) released internationally as Thread of Lies is a 2014 South Korean film based on the 2009 bestselling novel Elegant Lies by Kim Ryeo-ryeong. Directed by Lee Han it starred Kim Hee-ae (in her first film in 21 years) Go Ah-sung Kim Hyang-gi and Kim Yoo-jung.Elegant Lies deals with the aftermath of a suicide by a 14-year-old girl.
 Playing Columbine is a 2008 American documentary film produced and edited by Danny Ledonne an American independent filmmaker. The film follows the video game Super Columbine Massacre RPG! in which players experience the Columbine High School massacre through the eyes of the killers Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold.
 Futuresport is a made-for-TV movie directed by Ernest Dickerson starring Dean Cain Vanessa Williams and Wesley Snipes. It originally aired on ABC in October 1998 and released on VHS and DVD in March 1999.The movie is set in 2025 and centers on a sport called Futuresport (a combination of basketball baseball and hockey that uses hoverboards and rollerblades that exists since ten years) created as a non-lethal way to reduce gang warfare.
 In the Name of the Father is a 1993 biographical film directed by Jim Sheridan. It is based on the true life story of the Guildford Four four people falsely convicted of the 1974 IRA's Guildford pub bombings which killed four off-duty British soldiers and a civilian.
 S.O.S. Mulheres ao Mar is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Cris D'Amato starring Giovanna Antonelli Reynaldo Gianecchini Fabíula Nascimento Thalita Carauta Marcelo Airoldi and Emanuelle Araújo.The film follows the story of Adriana which disappointed with the end of her marriage decides to win back her ex-husband embarking on the same cruise that he is with his new girlfriend a soap opera star. The film was shot almost entirely on an ocean liner but also had scenes shot in Venice.
 La gran aventura de Mortadelo y Filemón (English: The Big Adventure of Mortadelo and Filemón) is a 2003 Spanish-language film based on the popular Spanish comic book series Mortadelo y Filemón by Francisco Ibáñez Talavera. It also included characters from 13 Rue del Percebe another comic by the same creator. The film was directed by Javier Fesser and stars Benito Pocino (es) and Pepe Viyuela (es).
 Thanassakis o politevomenos (Greek: Greek: Θανασάκης ο Πολιτευόμενος) is a 1956 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films. It was directed by Alekos Sakellarios and starring Dinos Iliopoulou Vyronas Pallis and Anna Synodinou. The movie remained in history as the greatest acting from the microbes of politics and its politicians.
 Cloven Hoofed is a 1998 film directed by the German-American film director Dietmar Post. The film had its world premiere at the Rotterdam International Film Festival in 1998. There it screened together with Michael Powell's Peeping Tom. The American theatre actor Victor Pagan had its cinematic premiere in Cloven Hoofed. The film helped him to launch his movie career. He consequently appeared in TV series such as Sex and the City and The Sopranos.
 Cattle Empire is a 1958 movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Joel McCrea. The Western film also features Gloria Talbott Don Haggerty Phyllis Coates and Bing Russell and serves as something of a forerunner for director Warren's subsequent television series Rawhide starring Eric Fleming and Clint Eastwood which used the picture's writer Endre Bohem as well as some of its supporting cast (Paul Brinegar Steve Raines Rocky Shahan and Charles H. Gray).
 Aandhi-Toofan is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by B.Subhash starring Shashi Kapoor Hema Malini Shatrughan Sinha Mithun Chakraborty Meenakshi Sheshadri and Danny Denzongpa
 A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1978 film directed by Ralph Nelson. The screenplay was written by Alice Childress based on her novel of the same name. It was shot on location in South Central Los Angeles. It was Nelson's last film before his death.
 Monster Butler is an upcoming independent thriller drama film based on the true story of Archibald Hall. The film follows his journey into his dark lifestyle and how he is eventually captured. It will be directed by Douglas Rath and star Malcolm McDowell as Archibald Hall with Gary Oldman Dominic Monaghan and Evanna Lynch. Production will take place under Dark House Films with Warner Bros. Pictures set to distribute.
 The Outer Space Connection is a 1975 documentary film produced by Alan Landsburg directed by Fred Warshofsky and narrated by Rod Serling. This documentary was the last in a trilogy of ancient astronaut documentaries produced by Landsburg. This film was one of the last projects that Rod Serling worked on prior to his death in 1975.
 Road to Dawn (Chinese: 夜。明; pinyin: Yè míng; literally night dawn) is a 2007 Chinese historical film directed by Hong Kong filmmaker Derek Chiu. The film depicts an obscure episode in Sun Yat-sen's revolutionary life when he sought refuge in Penang from July to December 1910. He relocated the Southeast Asian headquarters of his political party the Tongmenghui to Penang and convened the Penang Conference to stage the Second Guangzhou Uprising.The film is also called Before The Sunrise.
 Ballad of a Bounty Hunter (also known as Fedra West and I Do Not Forgive... I Kill!) is a 1968 Spanish western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Breathless (Dutch: Ademloos) is a 1982 Dutch drama film directed by Mady Saks. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Blood Letter Vietnamese: 'Thiên Mệnh Anh Hùng' is a 2012 Vietnamese martial arts action fantasy directed by Victor Vu produced by Phuong Nam Films and Saiga Films in association with BHD. One of the most expensive Vietnamese films ever made Blood Letter is considered the first film of its kind Kiem Hiep (Swordfighter Adventures) in Vietnam. It was released theatrically in Vietnam on January 20 2012 by Megastar Media.
 Banker Margayya (Kannada: ಬ್ಯಾಂಕರ್ ಮರ್ಗಯ್ಯ) is 1983 Indian Kannada-language film directed by T. S. Nagabharana based on the novel The Financial Expert by R. K. Narayan and starring Lokesh in the lead role. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada in 1984 and at the 1983-84 Karnataka State Film Awards Lokesh was awarded the Best actor.
 He Knows You're Alone is a 1980 American slasher film directed by Armand Mastroianni written by Scott Parker and edited by George Norris. It was one of the first horror films to be influenced by the success of 1978's Halloween and shares a number of similarities with that previous hit. Although appearing in only a small role this is Tom Hanks' film debut.
 For the television cartoon see Midnight Patrol: Adventures in the Dream Zone.The Midnight Patrol is a short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy released August 3 1933.
 The Battlers is a 1994 Australian mini series about two drifters during the Great Depression.
 Trapped in Paradise is a 1994 Christmas-themed crime comedy film written and directed by George Gallo and starring Nicolas Cage Jon Lovitz and Dana Carvey.
 Distant Journey (Czech: Daleká cesta) is a Czech Holocaust film directed by Alfréd Radok and released in March 1949 immediately after World War II. Radok uses experimental cinematography blending historic footage of the Nazis with a fictional love story between a Jewish woman and her Gentile husband. Soon after the film's release Stalinist censorship was implemented in Czechoslovakia. Radok fled to Sweden and Czech filmmakers began their long struggle against strict communist censors.
 Seduction: The Cruel Woman (Verführung: Die grausame Frau) is a 1985 West German film directed by Elfi Mikesch (de) and Monika Treut who both also wrote the screenplay. Wanda is played by Mechthild Großmann (de). The film was inspiried by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch's Venus in Furs.
 Daleks – Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. (1966) is the second of two films based on the British science-fiction television series Doctor Who. It was the sequel to Dr. Who and the Daleks (1965) and starred Peter Cushing in his return to the role of the eccentric inventor and time traveller Dr. Who. It also featured Bernard Cribbins and Andrew Keir.
 White Banners is a 1938 Warner Brothers drama motion picture starring Claude Rains Fay Bainter Jackie Cooper Bonita Granville Henry O'Neill and Kay Johnson.Directed by Edmund Goulding and produced by Henry Blanke and Hal B. Wallis the screenplay was adapted by Lenore J. Coffee Abem Finkel and Cameron Rogers based on the 1936 novel of the same title by Lloyd C. Douglas.The movie Fay Bainter and others of the cast received very good reviews in the Los Angeles Times.
 The Dream Team is a 1989 comedy film directed by Howard Zieff and produced by Christopher W. Knight for Imagine Entertainment and Universal Pictures. It stars Michael Keaton Christopher Lloyd Peter Boyle and Stephen Furst as mental-hospital inpatients who are left unsupervised in New York City during a field trip gone awry. Jon Connolly and David Loucka wrote the screenplay.
 Godzilla is an upcoming American science fiction monster film featuring the Japanese film monster of the same name in a reboot of the Godzilla film franchise. The film retells the origin of Godzilla in contemporary times as a terrifying force of nature in a style faithful to the Toho series of Godzilla films.
 A Scanner Darkly is a 2006 American animated science fiction thriller film directed by Richard Linklater based on the novel of the same name by Philip K. Dick. The film tells the story of identity and deception in a near-future dystopia constantly under intrusive high-technology police surveillance in the midst of a drug addiction epidemic.
 Journey into Life: The World of the Unborn is a 1990 American short documentary film directed by Derek Bromhall. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Sad Pastorale (슬픈 목가 - Seulpeun mokka) is a 1960 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Island of Terror is a 1966 British horror film released by Planet Film Productions. The film was released in the US by Universal Studios on a double bill with The Projected Man (1967). The idea for the film came when Richard Gordon read the Gerry Fernback screenplay The Night the Silicates Came. He partnered with Tom Blakey of Planet Films to produce this movie.It was shot in rural England using naturalistic colours.
 Nichiyobi wa Owaranai (日曜日は終わらない Nichiyōbi wa Owaranai) is a Japanese drama film directed by Yōichirō Takahashi. Originally broadcast in 1999 as an NHK Hi-Vision drama it was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival. It was screened theatrically in October 2005 after the sudden death of lead actress Yumika Hayashi in June of that year.
 Come In Spinner is an Australian novel by Dymphna Cusack and Florence James originally published in 1951 and set in Sydney Australia at the end of the second World War.
 Dada is an action Hindi film made in 2000. A revenge drama with Mithun in the lead role.
 Country Dance (also known as Brotherly Love (USA) and The Same Skin (UK) is a 1970 British drama film based on the novel Household Ghosts (1961) by James Kennaway which became a three-act stage play 1967. The film was released on 22 April 1970; it was directed by J. Lee Thompson.
 The Devil's Rain is a 1975 low-budget horror film directed by Robert Fuest. It was one of several B-films in which William Shatner starred in between the original Star Trek television series and Star Trek: The Motion Picture. Other familiar names in the cast included Tom Skerritt Ernest Borgnine Eddie Albert Ida Lupino and Keenan Wynn. John Travolta also appeared in an early minor role. This was his film debut.
 The Maids of Wilko (Polish: Panny z Wilka) is a 1979 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards. Maids is used in the sense of maidens hence another translation could be The Maidens of Wilko.
 Woman Obsessed is a 1959 romantic DeLuxe Color drama film in CinemaScope about the hardships faced by a widow and her eight-year-old son on a rugged Canadian ranch. The film stars Susan Hayward and Stephen Boyd with Barbara Nichols Theodore Bikel and James Philbrook.
 Never the Twain Shall Meet is a 1931 talking film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is based on the book by Peter B. Kyne. The film was directed by W. S. Van Dyke and was filmed in Tahiti like Van Dyke's two previous south sea adventures The Pagan and White Shadows in the South Seas. The film is a remake of a 1925 silent film of the same name.
 Confucius (Chinese: 孔夫子; pinyin: Kǒng Fūzǐ) is a 1940 Chinese film directed by Fei Mu. Produced during the war the film was released twice in the 1940s before being thought lost. In 2001 the film was rediscovered when an anonymous donor sent a damaged copy of the print to the Hong Kong Film Archive (HKFA).
 The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail-end of a cycle of Latin American-themed films through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.
 Prelude to a Kiss is a 1992 American romantic fantasy film directed by Norman René and starring Alec Baldwin Meg Ryan and Sydney Walker. The screenplay by Craig Lucas is based on his 1988 play of the same title.
 Charlie On Parole is a short film starring T. J. Miller (She's Outta My League How to Train Your Dragon) Joe Wengert (UCB Funny or Die) Molly Ryman and Bobby Moynihan (Saturday Night Live). It is about Charlie an unlikely ex-con who readjusts to life after prison only to find one thing: it's tough on the outside.
 Carry On is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Dinah Shurey and starring Moore Marriott Trilby Clark and Alf Goddard.
 The Last Frontier is a 1955 American Western directed by Anthony Mann and starring Victor Mature Guy Madison Robert Preston and Anne Bancroft. The film is set during the American Civil War at an isolated army base at the far reaches of the American frontier where the Indians still far outnumber the whites. The Last Frontier was filmed in color and CinemaScope. On television it has been shown retitled as Savage Wilderness.
 Death Mills (or Die Todesmühlen) is a 1945 American documentary film directed by Billy Wilder and produced by the United States Department of War. The film was intended for German audiences to educate them about the atrocities committed by the Nazi regime. For the German version Die Todesmühlen Hanus Burger is credited as the writer and director while Wilder supervised the editing. Wilder is credited with directing the English-language version.
 The House Where Evil Dwells is a 1982 American/Japanese horror film that stars Edward Albert Susan George and Doug McClure about an American family that moves into a reputed haunted house in the hills of Japan. It was directed by Kevin Connor and produced by Martin B. Cohen. It was based on a novel by James Hardiman and turned into a screenplay by Robert Suhosky.
 12/12/12 is an American horror film. The movie was released on December 4 2012 and was filmed in Los Angeles California.
 Male Companion (French: Un monsieur de compagnie) is a 1964 French film directed by Philippe de Broca and written by André Couteaux. The main character Antione was played by Jean-Pierre Cassel.
 Rambling 'Round Radio Row (1932 - 1934) is a series of short subjects produced by Jerry Wald and released by the Vitaphone division of Warner Brothers. The final film in the series released 1934 was #3 of the second season and starred Morton Downey Baby Rose Marie The Harmoniacs and Harriet Lee.
 Badalte Rishtey (Hindi: बदलते रिश्ते; translation: Changing relations) is a 1978 Hindi movie directed by Raghunath Jhalani. The musical & romantic film stars Rishi Kapoor Jeetendra Reena Roy Asrani and A. K. Hangal with music composition by Laxmikant Pyarelal
 The Lover of Camille was a 1924 American silent romantic drama film directed by Harry Beaumont and starring Monte Blue. The film was based on the French novel Deburau by Sacha Guitry which was also adapted into a Broadway play by Harley Granville-Barker.Preserved at Filmarchiv Austria (Wien).
 Strictly Dishonorable is a 1951 romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama and starring Ezio Pinza and Janet Leigh. It is the second film to be based on Preston Sturges' 1929 hit Broadway play of the same name after a pre-Code film released by Universal Pictures in 1931 with the same title.
 Gabriel is a 2007 Australian action-horror film set in purgatory. It follows the archangel Gabriel's fight to rid purgatory of the evil fallen angels and save the souls of its inhabitants. Gabriel is the first feature directed by Shane Abbess who also co-wrote the screenplay with Matt Hylton Todd.
 Hacking Democracy is a 2006 documentary film broadcast on HBO and created by producer / directors Russell Michaels and Simon Ardizzone producer Robert Carrillo Cohen and executive producers Sarah Teale & Sian Edwards. Filmed over three years it documents American citizens investigating anomalies and irregularities with 'e-voting' (electronic voting) systems that occurred during the 2000 and 2004 elections in the U.S.A. especially in Volusia County Florida.
 Artham (Malayalam: അര്‍ത്ഥം English: The Meaning) is a 1989 Malayalam Indian thriller film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Venu Nagavally. It stars Mammootty Sreenivasan Murali Saranya Ponvannan Parvathy and Jayaram.The film was remade in to Tamil as Ethir Katru and Karthik as Mammootty's role.
 Salaakhen is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. It stars Sunny Deol and Raveena Tandon in pivotal roles.
 American Crime is a 2004 thriller movie starring Annabella Sciorra Cary Elwes Cyia Batten Rachael Leigh Cook Michael O'Neill Kip Pardue and Frankie Ray. It is directed by Dan Mintz and produced by Jeff Ritchie.The film is presented in a documentary program style taking off the style of series such as The FBI Files and The Young Detectives both shows showcasing stories on crimes in America.
 Fire in the Blood is a 2013 documentary by Dylan Mohan Gray.
 Gentlemen Prefer Blondes is a 1953 film adaptation of the 1949 stage musical released by 20th Century Fox directed by Howard Hawks choreographed by Jack Cole and starring Marilyn Monroe and Jane Russell with Charles Coburn Elliott Reid Tommy Noonan George Winslow Taylor Holmes and Norma Varden in supporting roles. The screenplay by Charles Lederer is augmented by the music of songwriting teams Hoagy Carmichael & Harold Adamson and Jule Styne & Leo Robin.
 Little White Lies is a 1999 Australian thriller film. It was shot 20 November to 16 February 1996.
 Demon Seed is a 1977 American science fiction–horror film starring Julie Christie and directed by Donald Cammell. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Dean Koontz and concerns the imprisonment and forced impregnation of a woman by an artificially intelligent computer.
 La Luna also known as Luna is a 1979 Italian film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Jill Clayburgh. The film concerns the troubled life of a teenage boy and his relationship with his parents including an incestuous relationship with his mother.
 Farewell to the Land (さらば愛しき大地 Saraba Itoshiki Daichi) is a 1982 Japanese drama film directed by Mitsuo Yanagimachi. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Zamaanat-(And Justice For All) is a long-delayed Indian Hindi film directed by S. Ramanathan. He wanted to start the movie as early as 1986 but it was shelved for unknown reasons. Ten years later it was decided to work on the movie again. The film was launched in the mid - 1996 year and completed by around 2003 - 06 but has never been released; though it came close to release in 2009 and 2010.The working title of this movie was Aaryaman but during production was changed to Zamaanat.
 The Rock n' Roll Cops also known as Rock n' Roll Cops 2: The Adventure Begins is a 2003 martial arts action film directed by Scott Shaw.The film stars Scott Shaw Kevin Eastman Julie Strain Robert Z'Dar and William Smith (actor). The film was co-produced by Donald G. Jackson who also plays a small role in the movie.
 Money for Nothing is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Seymour Hicks Betty Stockfeld and Edmund Gwenn. A peniless gambler is mistaken for a very wealthy man in Monte Carlo.
 The Drum (released in the U.S. as Drums) is a 1938 British Technicolor film from the book by A. E. W. Mason. The film was directed by Zoltan Korda and produced by Alexander Korda. It starred Sabu Dastagir Raymond Massey Roger Livesey and Valerie Hobson.Korda’s company London Films made three films in the 1930s about the British Empire: Sanders of the River (1936) The Drum and The Four Feathers (1939). They are often known as the Empire trilogy though they were not conceived as such.
 Aeg elada aeg armastada is a 1976 Soviet Estonian film directed by Veljo Käsper.
 History of Fear (Spanish: Historia del Miedo) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Benjamín Naishtat. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Extermineitors IV: Como hermanos gemelos (English language title: Exterminators 4: As Twin Brothers) is a 1992 Argentine comedy action film directed by Carlos Galettini and starring Guillermo Francella and Aldo Barbero. The central argument of the film is largely a parody-homage of the classic Schwarzenegger/DeVito comedy Twins. It premiered on 23 January 1992 in Buenos Aires.
 Billy Frankenstein is a 1998 horror-comedy movie directed by Fred Olen Ray and written by his wife Kim Ray.
 Encore is a 1951 anthology film composed of adaptations of three short stories by W. Somerset Maugham:The Ant and the Grasshopper directed by Pat Jackson and adapted by T. E. B. Clarke;Winter Cruise helmed by Anthony Pelissier screenplay by Arthur Macrae;Gigolo and Gigolette directed by Harold French written by Eric Ambler. It is the last film in a Maugham trilogy preceded by Quartet and Trio. The film was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Nobody Runs Forever also called The High Commissioner is a 1968 film directed by Ralph Thomas based on Jon Cleary's 1966 novel The High Commissioner. It stars Rod Taylor as Australian policeman Scobie Malone and Christopher Plummer as the Australian High Commissioner in England caught up in corrupt dealings during delicate negotiations. Taylor's production company was involved in making the film as was the American Selmur Productions.
 Deadline at Dawn is a 1946 film noir the only film directed by stage director Harold Clurman. It was written by Clifford Odets and based on a novella by Cornell Woolrich (as William Irish). The RKO Pictures film release was the only cinematic collaboration between Clurman and his former Group Theatre associate screenwriter Odets. The director of photography was RKO regular Nicholas Musuraca. The musical score was by German refugee composer Hanns Eisler.
 The Kid from Texas is a 1939 sports drama film. Australian sports star Snowy Baker trained Dennis O'Keefe to play polo for the movie.
 The Great Alaskan Mystery is a 1944 Universal film serial about government agents trying to stop Nazi spies from getting their hands on futuristic weapons.
 Young Husbands (Italian: Giovani mariti) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.For this film Armando Nannuzzi won a Silver Ribbon for Best cinematografy.
 The Chaplin Revue is a 1959 film comprising three silent films made by Charlie Chaplin. The three shorts included are A Dog's Life Shoulder Arms and The Pilgrim. All three star Chaplin's trademark character The Tramp. For the 1959 release Chaplin added a soundtrack to help appeal to modern audiences. Chaplin also added extra footage including clips from World War I to express the context.
 Praia do Futuro is a 2014 Brazilian-German drama film directed by Karim Ainouz and starring Wagner Moura Clemens Schick and Jesuita Barbosa. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.In the film shot in Fortaleza and Berlin Moura is the lifeguard Donato who works at the Praia do Futuro. He starts to escape from his life after losing a German tourist during a rescue.
 A Night in Heaven is a 1983 American romance film directed by John G. Avildsen starring Christopher Atkins as a college student and Lesley Ann Warren as his professor. The film's screenplay was written by Joan Tewkesbury. Film critics widely panned the film.
 The Human Goddess (Chinese: 仙女下凡 Sin Lui Ha Fan) is a 1972 Hong Kong fantasy film comedy directed by Ho Heng Hua.Lee Ching stars as an alluring fairy goddess who is irresistible to the opposite sex. She is able to manipulate men to achieve her goals and finds a man who in is charge of an orphanage.
 Sinatra is a 1992 CBS miniseries biography and drama about singer Frank Sinatra. Developed and executive produced by Frank's youngest daughter Tina Sinatra and approved by Frank himself. Directed by James Steven Sadwith produced by Richard M. Rosenbloom and written by William Mastrosimone and Abby Mann. It stars Philip Casnoff Olympia Dukakis Joe Santos Gina Gershon Nina Siemaszko and Marcia Gay Harden.
 Haseena Atom Bomb is a 1990 cult Pakistani film directed by Saeed Ali Khan. Originally recorded in Pashto on a low-budget the film was subsequently dubbed in Urdu the national language of Pakistan becoming a national blockbuster.
 President Wilson in Paris is a 1973 Australian TV movie based on the play by Ron Blair set during the Paris Peace Conference 1919.
 Riddick is a 2013 British-American science fiction film the third installment in the The Chronicles of Riddick film series. Produced by and starring Vin Diesel as the title character Riddick is written and directed by David Twohy who previously wrote and directed the first two installments Pitch Black (2000) and The Chronicles of Riddick (2004).The film was released on September 4 2013 in the UK and Ireland and September 6 2013 in the United States.
 Asuran (English:Demon) is a 1995 Tamil language film directed by Velu Prabhakaran and written by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Arun Pandian and Roja in lead roles whilst Radharavi Napoleon and Senthil play supporting roles. Mansoor Ali Khan reprised his role of Veerabhadran from Captain Prabhakaran.After half of this film is the remake of the Hollywood film Predator. Arnold Schwarzenegger acted in the film and released in the year 1987.
 The Magic Sword (Serbian: Чудотворни мач Čudotvorni mač) is a 1950 Yugoslav fantasy/adventure film based on Serbian folk tales.
 The Journey (Malayalam: സഞ്ചാരം Sancharram) is a 2004 Malayalam feature film written directed and produced by Ligy J. Pullappally inspired both by her short film Uli and a true story of two lesbian lovers in the South Indian state of Kerala.
 Be Sick... It's Free (Italian: Il medico della mutua) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Alberto Sordi.
 Poolhall Junkies is a 2002 drama thriller film written starring and directed by Mars Callahan.The film also stars Alison Eastwood Michael Rosenbaum Rick Schroder Rod Steiger (in his final performance) Chazz Palminteri and Christopher Walken. It is the story of a pool hustler who is opposed by Joe (his former mentor) and Joe's new prodigy in a climactic big-stakes nine-ball match.
 The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven is a 1992 martial arts cult film that was directed by Donald G. Jackson and was produced by and stars Scott Shaw.
 Shrimps for a Day is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 133rd Our Gang short (45th talking episode) that was released.
 South Sea Woman is a 1953 action-comedy-drama film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Burt Lancaster Virginia Mayo and Chuck Connors. It is credited as being based on the play General Court Martial by William M.
 A Wonderful Night in Split (Croatian: Ta divna splitska noć) is a 2004 Croatian drama film directed by Arsen Anton Ostojić.
 That's My Line is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Enemy Within is a 1918 Australian silent film starring renowned Australian sportsman Snowy Baker in his first screen role.Unlike many Australian silent movies it is possible to see the full film today.
 Comeback is a 1982 semi-autobiographical film starring Eric Burdon an English singer-songwriter best known as a member and vocalist of rock band The Animals and the funk rock band War[1] and for his aggressive stage performance. It was shot first in Los Angeles then in Berlin. Some time after release MGM released the film on VHS.[citation needed]A soundtrack to the movie was also released in 1982 Comeback.
 Akai Aaksho is a 2006 Bengali film directed by Babu Ray and produced by Bengal Film 2004. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.
 Mother Carey's Chickens is a 1938 drama film starring Anne Shirley and Ruby Keeler. The film was directed by Rowland V. Lee and based upon a 1917 play by Kate Douglas Wiggin and Rachel Crothers which in turn was adapted from Wiggins' novel of the same title.Originally Katharine Hepburn was assigned to the lead role.
 Honey 2 is a dance film which is a sequel to the 2003 film Honey directed by Bille Woodruff who directed the original film. It stars Katerina Graham Randy Wayne Melissa Molinaro Lonette McKee (reprising her role from Honey) and Audrina Patridge. The film was released to cinemas in Britain on June 10 2011 and direct to DVD in North America.
 51 is an American horror film which was directed by Jason Connery and starring Bruce Boxleitner and John Shea.
 Our Very Own is a 1950 American drama film directed by David Miller. The screenplay by F. Hugh Herbert focuses on a teenaged girl who learns she was adopted as an infant. Ann Blyth Farley Granger and Jane Wyatt star.
 Le Guerbag is a 1985 film.
 Persona is a 1966 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bibi Andersson and Liv Ullmann. Persona’s story revolves around a young nurse named Alma (Bibi Andersson) and her patient a well-known stage actress named Elisabet Vogler (Liv Ullman) who has suddenly ceased to speak. The relationship between the two women becomes strained and the border between dream and reality becomes blurred.
 A Hard Name is a 2009 documentary film by Alan Zweig that explores the lives of ex-convicts.In the film Zweig interviews seven ex-convicts about their times in prison and their lives on the outside. The men talk about insights they have gained about their lives including how childhood abuse led to a life of crime.
 Step Lively is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Geometria is a 1987 short fantasy horror comedy film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It is based loosely on Fredric Brown's short story Naturally which was originally published in Beyond Fantasy Fiction and later reprinted in the short story collection Honeymoon in Hell. Geometria was shot in Guadalajara Jalisco in Mexico.
 Forbidden Games (French: Jeux interdits) is a 1952 French war drama film directed by René Clément and based on François Boyer's novel Jeux interdits.While not initially successful in France the film was a hit elsewhere. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival a Special Award as Best Foreign Language Film in the United States and a Best Film from any Source at the British Academy Film Awards.
 Christo's Valley Curtain is a 1974 American short documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles about Christo and Jeanne-Claudes Valley Curtain project. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Natalie (Hangul: 나탈리; RR: Natalri; MR: Nat‘alli) is a 2010 South Korean romance mystery film co-written directed and produced by Ju Kyung-jung. It was the first Korean 3D film.The film's title refers to a famous female nude piece by sculptor Jun-hyuk (Lee Sung-jae). The model of the piece has remained a great mystery in the art world but a young critic (Kim Ji-hoon) claims to have also loved the femme fatale (Park Hyun-jin) who had been Jun-hyuk's muse.
 The New China (Russian: Освобождённый Китай Osvobozhdyonnyy Kitay) is a 1950 Soviet documentary film directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated film and the sequel to the 1973 film Charlotte's Web. It was produced by Paramount Pictures Universal Pictures Universal Cartoon Studios and Nickelodeon; and distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment in North America and Universal Studios Home Entertainment overseas.
 A Pistol for Ringo (Italian: Una Pistola per Ringo) is a 1965 Spaghetti Western a joint Italian and Spanish production. Originally written and directed by Duccio Tessari the film's success led to a sequel The Return of Ringo later that year. The film starred Giuliano Gemma billed as Montgomery Wood and co-starred Fernando Sancho Nieves Navarro George Martin Antonio Casas José Manuel Martín and Hally Hammond.
 GoldenEye (1995) is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond. The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first film in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming. The story was conceived and written by Michael France with later collaboration by other writers.
 The Legendary 'Tai Fei' (古惑仔激情篇之洪興大飛哥) is a 1999 Hong Kong film directed by Kant Leung and starring Anthony Wong. It is a spin-off to the Young and Dangerous film series.
 Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is a 2011 American adventure comedy film directed by Mike Mitchell. The film stars Jason Lee David Cross and Jenny Slate with the voices of Justin Long Matthew Gray Gubler Jesse McCartney Amy Poehler Anna Faris and Christina Applegate.It was distributed by Twentieth Century Fox and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company.
 At the End of the Night (Italian: Alla fine della notte) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Salvatore Piscicelli.
 Renfrew of the Royal Mounted is a 1937 American film produced and directed by Albert Herman and starring James Newill Carol Hughes and William Royle. Released by Grand National Pictures it is the first of eight films based on Renfrew of the Royal Mounted a popular series of boy's adventure books written by Laurie York Erskine. The film was shot on location at Big Bear Lake California.
 The Other Side of Paradise is a 1992 mini series about a doctor who goes to the Cook Islands.
 Polisse (released at some film festivals as Poliss French pronunciation: ​[pɔˈlis]) is a 2011 French drama film written directed by and starring Maïwenn. It also stars Joeystarr Karin Viard Marina Foïs Nicolas Duvauchelle and Riccardo Scamarcio. The film centres on the Child Protection Unit (Brigade de Protection des Mineurs) of the Paris Police and a photographer who is assigned to cover the unit.
 20 Angosht released in English-speaking markets as 20 Fingers is a 2004 Iranian film directed by Mania Akbari. It stars the director and co-lead Bijan Daneshmand as a couple discussing their relationship and arguing shot in several long takes on a DV camera. The film deals with controversial topics such as divorce and homosexuality and the film has not yet received permission to be shown uncut in its native country.
 Simhapuri Simham (Telugu: సింహపురి సింహం) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna. The film stars Chiranjeevi Madhavi Radhika and Gollapudi Maruthi Rao in important roles.
 Van Helsing: The London Assignment is a 2004 animated film by Universal Studios Home Entertainment. It features the voices of Hugh Jackman Robbie Coltrane and David Wenham. The London Assignment is an animated prequel to the 2004 motion picture Van Helsing (released the same year). It tells of the events before the film.
 Breaking the Surface: The Greg Louganis Story is a 1997 TV-movie about diver Greg Louganis based on the best-selling book Breaking the Surface co-written by Greg Louganis and Eric Marcus that stayed on top of the New York Times Best Seller list for 5 weeks.
 In the Darkness of the Night (Portuguese: Noite Escura) is a 2004 Portuguese drama film directed by João Canijo. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Saddle Tramp is a 1950 American western film directed by Hugo Fregonese and starring Joel McCrea Wanda Hendrix and John Russell. The film was made by Universal Pictures and shot in Technicolor.While travelling through Nevada to California Chuck Conner stays with an old friend overnight. When his friend is killed falling from his horse Connor feels a duty to look after his four children. He takes a job on a local ranch but has to conceal his new family from his employer.
 Ek Se Bure Do is a 2009 Bollywood Black Comedy film directed by Tarique Khan and starring Arshad Warsi Anita Hassanandani and Rajpal Yadav. The film was shot in 2007 but released in 2009.
 The Voice in the Fog is a lost 1916 silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. J. P. McGowan directed the film which is based on a novel by Harold McGrath. Stage actor Donald Brian makes his screen debut in the film.
 The Buddha (Thai: ประวัติพระพุทธเจ้า Prawat Phra Phuttajao or simply The Buddha) is a 2007 Thai animated feature film about the life of Gautama Buddha based on the Tripitaka. The film was released on December 5 2007 in celebration of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej's 80th birthday.
 Jigar (Hindi: जिगर) is a 1992 Bollywood martial arts action film directed by Farogh Siddique. It was inspired by the Hollywood blockbuster Bloodsport. Jigar was released in Diwali weekend and proved to be successful. It was Ajay Devgn's second success after Phool Aur Kaante.
 Obscene Stalker: It Holds in Darkness! (猥褻ストーカー　暗闇で抱いて！ Waisetsu Sutōkaa: Kurayami de Idaite!) is a 2002 Japanese pink film in the suspense genre directed by Yutaka Ikejima. It was chosen as the eighth best pink release of the year and lead actress Hotaru Hazuki was given a Best Actress award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Alarm is an Irish thriller movie from 2008. Gerard Stembridge wrote and directed the film.
 For the song often called Day-O see Banana Boat Song.Day-O is a 1992 family TV-movie about an imaginary childhood friend Dayo who returns to the adult Grace (played by Delta Burke) helping her through various adult crises. It was an early acting role for Elijah Wood. Grace is challenged by her own timidity to save her Grandfather's restaurant. Only the arrival of her imaginary childhood friend spurs her on to success.
 Fight for Us (Filipino: ''Orapronobis'') is a 1989 Filipino political thriller film directed by Lino Brocka. The film stars Phillip Salvador and Dina Bonnevie.
 Brighton Rock is a 1947 British film noir directed by John Boulting and starring Richard Attenborough as Pinkie (reprising his breakthrough West End creation of the character some three years earlier) Carol Marsh as Rose William Hartnell as Dallow and Hermione Baddeley as Ida. It was produced by Roy Boulting through the brothers' production company Charter Film Productions. The film was adapted from the 1938 novel Brighton Rock by Graham Greene.
 The Magical Warrior (綱渡り見世物侍 Tsuna Watari Misemono Zamurai) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Bin Kato.
 Temmink: The Ultimate Fight is a Dutch movie from 1998 directed by Boris Paval Conen starring Jack Wouterse Jacob Derwig and Will van Kralingen.
 You'll Never Get Rich (Columbia Pictures) is a 1941 Hollywood musical comedy film with a wartime theme starring Fred Astaire Rita Hayworth Robert Benchley Cliff Nazarro with music and lyrics by Cole Porter. The film was directed by Sidney Lanfield. The title stems from an old Army song which includes lyrics You'll never get rich / by digging a ditch / you're in the Army now!This was Hayworth's first starring role in a big budgeted film from her home studio Columbia Pictures.
 Lo chiameremo Andrea (also known as We'll Call Him Andrew) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica.
 Nandu (1981) is a Tamil feature film directed by J. Mahendran. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilayaraja.
 Come Out of the Pantry is a 1935 British musical film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Jack Buchanan Fay Wray James Carew and Fred Emney.
 Eline Vere is a 1991 Dutch film directed by Harry Kümel based on the 1889 novel with the same title by Louis Couperus.
 Next is a short film created by Aardman Animations. Its full title is Next: The Infinite Variety Show.
 Blinky is a 1923 American comedy-Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Underwater Warrior is a 1958 diving film.
 Scary Movie 3 is a 2003 American science fiction horror comedy parody film which parodies the horror sci-fi and mystery genres directed by David Zucker. It is the third film of the Scary Movie franchise as well as the first to have no involvement from the Wayans family. This is most evident as the characters of Shorty Meeks and Ray Wilkins previously played by Shawn Wayans and Marlon Wayans do not appear nor are they referenced.
 Kursi Aur Qanoon is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Masood Butt.
 Con el sudor de tu frente is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Just Like Heaven is an American romantic comedy fantasy film released on September 16 2005 in the United States and Canada. Set in San Francisco it was directed by Mark Waters starring Reese Witherspoon Mark Ruffalo and Jon Heder. It is based on the novel If Only It Were True (Et si c'était vrai...) by Marc Levy. Steven Spielberg acquired the rights to make the film out of the book.
 Mind Your Back Professor (Danish: Pas på ryggen professor) is a 1977 Danish comedy film directed by Jens Okking and starring Ulf Pilgaard.
 Destinies Fulfilled is a 1914 American silent short film drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston. The film stars Charlotte Burton Sydney Ayres Jacques Jaccard Violet Neitz Joseph Knight Louise Lester Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Harry Van Meter.
 Vampire in Brooklyn (also known as Wes Craven's Vampire in Brooklyn) is a 1995 American horror comedy film directed by Wes Craven and starring Eddie Murphy and Angela Bassett. Allen Payne Kadeem Hardison John Witherspoon Zakes Mokae and Joanna Cassidy co-star. Eddie Murphy wrote the film's script along with Vernon Lynch and older brother Charles Q. Murphy.
 Kill the Irishman is a crime drama film directed by Jonathan Hensleigh and starring Ray Stevenson Vincent D'Onofrio Christopher Walken and Val Kilmer. The film is based on the story of Irish American mobster Danny Greene and is adapted from the book To Kill the Irishman: The War That Crippled the Mafia (1998) by Rick Porrello.
 Once A Lady is a 1931 American drama film directed by Guthrie McClintic and starring Ruth Chatterton Ivor Novello and Jill Esmond. The film was produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a remake of a Pola Negri silent film Three Sinners from 1928. The film is notable as the final attempt of the British matinée idol Novello to break into Hollywood films.
 Senthoorapandi is a Tamil film released in 1993 directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Vijay and Vijaykanth in the lead roles. This movie dubbed in Hindi as Thakur Bhavani Singh on Facebook.
 Parvarish (English: Upbringing) is a 1977 Hindi crime drama film directed by Manmohan Desai. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Vinod Khanna as two brothers playing oneupmanship because one brother believes he is adopted and not the real son. Shabana Azmi and Neetu Singh play the love interests. Amjad Khan and Kader Khan are the villains.
 On the Shoulders of Giants: The Story of the Greatest Team You Never Heard Of is a 2011 historical sports documentary film directed by Deborah Morales written by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Anna Waterhouse. This film tells the story of the All-Black professional basketball team the New York Renaissance or Harlem Rens.
 Tarnished Heroes is a 1962 British war film directed by Ernest Morris from Danziger Productions starring Dermot Walsh and Anton Rodgers. The film is set in France during World War II and concerns a British major who destroys a Nazi convoy.The plot of the film bears similarities with the Dirty Dozen although it was made five years before Robert Aldrich's film and three years before the novel on which it is based.
 Ask This of Rikyu (利休にたずねよ Rikyu ni tazune yo) is a 2013 Japanese biographical film directed by Mitsutoshi Tanaka and based on a novel by Kenichi Yamamoto.
 Touched is a 1983 film directed by John Flynn.
 City Island is a 2009 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Raymond De Felitta and starring Andy Garcia Julianna Margulies and Alan Arkin. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on April 26 2009. The title refers to the Bronx's City Island where the film is set.
 Super Bitch (also known as Blue Movie Blackmail Si può essere più bastardi dell'ispettore Cliff? and Mafia Junction) is a 1973 British-Italian poliziottesco film directed by Massimo Dallamano.
 Under the Greenwood Tree is a 1918 silent film feature directed by Emile Chautard and starring Elsie Ferguson. The movie was based on a play by Henry V. Esmond. An unrelated British film with this title based on the Thomas Hardy novel Under the Greenwood Tree was made in 1929. Film possibly has a scene where Ferguson swims in the nude in a pond. The title refers to a line in William Shakespeare's play As You Like It (Act II Scene V). The film is classified as lost.
 Some Nerve is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Lion Man is a 1919 American action film serial released by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company directed by Albert Russell and Jack Wells produced by Russell and starring Kathleen O'Connor and Jack Perrin. The serial is now considered to be lost.
 Aval Potta Kolam is a 1995 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K. Vijayan for J.N.Combines. The film stars Rajesh and Ambika in the lead roles.
 The Meteor Man is a 1993 American superhero comedy film written by directed by and starring Robert Townsend with supporting roles done by Marla Gibbs Eddie Griffin Robert Guillaume James Earl Jones Bill Cosby and Another Bad Creation. The film also featured special appearances by Luther Vandross Sinbad Naughty by Nature Cypress Hill and Big Daddy Kane. Townsend stars as a mild-mannered schoolteacher who becomes a superhero after his neighborhood in Washington D.C.
 Little Lili (French: La petite Lili) is a 2003 French film by French director Claude Miller. The film stars Ludivine Sagnier Bernard Giraudeau Nicole Garcia Julie Depardieu and Jean-Pierre Marielle.
 2030 – Aufstand der Jungen is a German film directed by Jörg Lühdorff. It was released in 2010.
 Startup.com is a 2001 documentary film that chronicles the dot-com start-up phenomenon and its eventual end. The film follows e-commerce website govWorks and its founders Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman from 1999-2000 as the Internet bubble was bursting.
 Dar Emtedade Shab (in Persian: در امتداد شب; literally: Throughout the Night) is a 1978 Iranain drama film directed by Parviz Sayyad. It stars Iranian singer Googoosh and actor Saeed Kangarani.
 ආසයි මං පියාඹන්න Asai Man Piyambanna is a 2007 Sinhala Romantic/Drama film written and directed by Udayakantha Warnasuriya. Asai Man Piyambanna is the Sri Lankan version of the Hindi musical drama romance film Taal. The film features Roshan Ranawana and Pooja Umashankar in the leading roles while Gayathri Dias Shiran Silva Nalin Pradeep Udawela and Sanath Gunatilaka also play key supporting roles. Produced by Dhammika Siriwardana the film had music scored by Rohana Weerasinghe.
 Dreams of a Life is a 2011 drama-documentary film released by Dogwoof Pictures directed by Carol Morley and starring Zawe Ashton.
 La Bamba is a 1987 American biographical film written and directed by Luis Valdez that follows the life and career of Chicano rock 'n' roll star Ritchie Valens. The film stars Lou Diamond Phillips as Valens Esai Morales Rosanna DeSoto Elizabeth Peña Danielle von Zerneck and Joe Pantoliano. The film also covers the effect that Valens' career had on the lives of his half-brother Bob Morales his girlfriend Donna Ludwig and the rest of his family.
 Jacktown is a 1962 American film directed by William Martin.
 Kink is a 2013 American documentary produced by James Franco about the BDSM website Kink.com.
 Wyatt Earp: Return to Tombstone is a 1994 independent film starring Hugh O'Brian as Wyatt Earp featuring new footage mixed with colorized sequences from O'Brian's 1955-1961 television series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp. The supporting cast for the new footage includes Bruce Boxleitner Paul Brinegar Harry Carey Jr. Bo Hopkins and Don Meredith.
 Beauty: In the Eyes of the Beheld is a 2008 American documentary film that explores what it is like to be a beautiful woman through interviews of eight American women considered physically beautiful. The women interviewed include a physician an exotic dancer a musician who worked with recording artist Prince former beauty queens a student in a wheelchair an assistant paralegal and an assistant television producer.
 O Parvardigar is a 1976 seven-minute short film by Ginny Katz presenting silent footage of Meher Baba. The title of the film refers to Meher Baba's prayer Parvardigar Prayer. Earlier editions of the film had issues with speed of the Meher Baba footage and the restoration by Richard O'Casey addressed this problem so that it could be viewed as originally intended.
 Tum Milo Toh Sahi is Bollywood film that released on 2 April 2010. It stars Nana Patekar Dimple Kapadia Suniel Shetty Vidya Malvade Rehan Khan and Anjana Sukhani in lead roles.
 Short Order is a 2005 Irish drama film written and directed by Anthony Byrne. It was released in Ireland on 1 March 2005. It was later released as Life Is a Buffet in the United States on 16 May 2008 and was released in Germany on 25 October 2012.
 Nostra Signora dei Turchi (internationally released as Our Lady of the Turks) is a 1968 Italian drama film. It is the feature film debut of Carmelo Bene and it is based on a stage play by the same Bene. It won the Special Jury Prize at the 1968 Venice Film Festival.The film was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 A Sound of Thunder is a 2005 science fiction thriller film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Edward Burns Catherine McCormack and Ben Kingsley. An international co-production between the United Kingdom the United States Germany and the Czech Republic the film was planned originally for a 2003 release.
 Jagte Raho (meaning Stay Awake or Stay Alert) is a 1956 film directed by Amit Maitra and Sombhu Mitra produced by and starring Raj Kapoor. The film centers on the trials of a poor villager (Kapoor) who comes to a city in search of a better life. However the naive man soon becomes trapped in a web of middle-class greed and corruption.
 Rose scarlatte is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica and Giuseppe Amato. It was De Sica's first film as a director.
 The Daytrippers is a 1996 independent drama film written and directed by Greg Mottola. It stars Hope Davis Stanley Tucci Parker Posey and Liev Schreiber.
 Caballos Salvajes (English: Wild Horses) is a 1995 Argentine road movie directed by Marcelo Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Aída Bortnik. It stars Héctor Alterio Leonardo Sbaraglia Cecilia Dopazo and Federico Luppi in a cameo appearance. The film chronicles the five days of two fugitives on the run after robbing a corporation and being targeted by the media.
 Runaway Blues is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by David Lai and starring Andy Lau. Due to its amount of violence the film was rated Category III by the Hong Kong motion picture rating system.
 Bigamie (English: Bigamy) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Jaap Speyer and starring Heinrich George Maria Jacobini and Anita Dorris.
 Young Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon (狄仁杰之神都龙王) is a 2013 Chinese crime-action film directed by Tsui Hark. It is a prequel to Hark's 2010 film Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame which starred Andy Lau.
 Caprice is a 1967 comedy-thriller film directed by Frank Tashlin starring Doris Day and Richard Harris. This film and In Like Flint (1967) were the last movies made in CinemaScope with most studios moving to Panavision and other widescreen processes.[citation needed]
 The Chimp is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932. It was directed by James Parrott produced by Hal Roach and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war film set during the invasion of Normandy in World War II. It was directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat. The film is notable for its graphic and realistic portrayal of war and for the intensity of its opening 27 minutes which depict the Omaha Beach assault of June 6 1944. The film follows United States Army Rangers Captain John H.
 Sunday Bloody Sunday is a 1971 British drama film written by Penelope Gilliatt directed by John Schlesinger and starring Murray Head Glenda Jackson and Peter Finch.
 Nanbenda is an upcoming Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Jagadish starring Udhayanidhi Stalin and Nayantara. Santhanam will be seen playing important role in the film.
 It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time is a Canadian comedy film that was released in 1975. It was one of John Candy's earlier films before he came to the attention of the mainstream. He plays the minor role of an investigating police officer. However for marketing/publicity reasons Candy appears on the cover of the DVD release.
 Silver Medalist (simplified Chinese: 疯狂的赛车; traditional Chinese: 瘋狂的賽車; pinyin: fēng kuáng de sài chē) also known as Crazy Racer is a 2009 Chinese black comedy film directed and written by Ning Hao.
 Vacuuming Completely Nude in Paradise is one of two TV films directed by Danny Boyle in 2001; the other was Strumpet. A satire on door-to-door salesmen it stars Timothy Spall who was nominated for a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his performance.
 Dogtown and Z-Boys is a 2001 documentary film directed by Stacy Peralta. Using a mix of film the Zephyr skateboard team shot in the 1970s by Craig Stecyk and more recent interviews the documentary tells the story of a group of teenage surfer/skateboarders and their influence on the history of Skateboarding (and to a lesser extent surfing) culture. The film is narrated by Sean Penn.
 Steel Town is a 1952 film starring Ann Sheridan directed by George Sherman.
 Manganinnie is an AFI Award-winning 1980 film which follows the journey of Manganinnie a Tasmanian Aboriginal woman who searches for her tribe with the company of a young lost white girl named Joanna. Based on Beth Roberts' novel of the same name it was directed by John Honey and was the first feature film to be financed by the short-lived Tasmanian Film Corporation.
 Nude per l'assassino is a 1975 giallo film directed by Andrea Bianchi. Written by Massimo Felisatti the film stars Nino Castelnuovo Edwige Fenech and Solvi Stubing and features music by Berto Pisano. Nude per l'assassino has received mixed to negative reviews from critics.After a model dies while undergoing an illegal abortion a killer disguised in a motorcycle helmet tracks down and kills the doctor involved.
 Madame Behave (1925) is a silent film comedy starring cross-dressing actor Julian Eltinge. The film is based on a play by Jean Arlette and was produced by Al Christie with distribution through Producers Distributing Corporation (or PDC). This film is a survivor with an incomplete print residing with the Library of Congress.
 Ryan is a 2004 animated documentary created and directed by Chris Landreth about Canadian animator Ryan Larkin who had lived on skid row in Montreal as a result of drug and alcohol abuse. Landreth's chance meeting with Larkin in 2000 inspired him to develop the film which took 18 months to complete. It was co-produced by Copper Heart Entertainment and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and its creation and development is the subject of the NFB documentary Alter Egos.
 Something About Amelia is a 1984 TV movie which explores family trauma caused by incest. The film starred Ted Danson Glenn Close Missy Francis and Roxana Zal. Zal became the youngest primetime Emmy-winner in history for her work.
 This Freedom is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton Clive Brook and John Stuart. It was based on the novel This Freedom by A.S.M. Hutchinson. A woman gets married and starts a family. She chooses to continue working and neglects her children.
 American Empire is a 1942 American film directed by William C. McGann. The film was released in the United Kingdom as My Son Alone.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called: The Adult Empire Strikes Back (クレヨンしんちゃん 嵐を呼ぶ モーレツ！オトナ帝国の逆襲 Kureyon Shinchan: Arashi o Yobu: Mōretsu! Otona Teikoku no Gyakushū?) is a Japanese anime film. It is the ninth installment of the Crayon Shin-chan series. It was released in 2001. The name is a reference to The Empire Strikes Back.
 Zindagi Tere Naam is a 2012 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashu Trikha starring Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta in lead roles and the film is a matured love story. The film was completed in 2008 but released only in 2012 with limited prints. The film is based on the American Nicholas Sparks' novel The Notebook and the 2004 movie of the same name.
 Righteous Ties (Hangul: 거룩한 계보; RR: Georukhan Gyebo) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 First Love (はつ恋 Hatsukoi) is a 2000 Japanese film directed by Tetsuo Shinohara.
 Cat and Mouse (simplified Chinese: 老鼠爱上猫; traditional Chinese: 老鼠愛上貓) is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Andy Lau Anthony Wong and Cecilia Cheung.
 The Jay Bird is a 1920 short Western film directed by Phil Rosen and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Silent Light (Plautdietsch: Stellet Lijcht; Spanish: Luz silenciosa) is a 2007 film written and directed by Mexican filmmaker Carlos Reygadas. Filmed in a Mennonite colony close to Cuauhtémoc Chihuahua State Northern Mexico Silent Light is set in a Mennonite community and tells the story of a married man who falls in love with another woman.
 Adiós Roberto (English language: Goodbye Roberto) is a 1985 Argentine drama film based on homosexuality directed by Enrique Dawi and written by Lito Espinosa. The film starred Víctor Laplace and Carlos Calvo.
 Aahaa Ethanai Azhagu (English: Wow! What Beauty) is a 2003 Tamil language film released in India. It was directed by Kanmani The film starred Mithun Charmy Nasser and Pyramid Natarajan. The film was produced by J S Pankaj Mehta. Aha Ethanai Azhagu also has Nassar Ranjitha Fatima Babu Pyramid Natarajan Devan Dhamu Karunas and Pallavi in the cast. Kanmani directs the film where popular Kannada actress Bhavana also plays an important role. A.
 Days of Hope is a BBC television drama serial produced in 1975. The series dealt with the lives of a working-class family from the turmoils of the First World War in 1916 to the General Strike in 1926. It was written by Jim Allen produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach.Days of Hope is included on the Ken Loach at the BBC DVD box set released in 2011.
 A Visitor to a Museum (Russian: Посетитель музея translit. Posetitel muzeya) is a 1989 Soviet drama film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky. It was entered into the 16th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver St. George and the Prix of Ecumenical Jury.
 Truth about Kerry is a 2011 suspense film. It was written by Shaun O'Sullivan and Katherine Torpey directed by Katherine Torpey produced by Shaun O'Sullivan Katie Torpey & Tony Zanelotti and stars Stana Katic Jessica Dean and Darren Keefe. The film was shot in County Kerry Ireland and in San Francisco California USA. The film is currently going on post production and is scheduled to be released in the Film Festival
 Deveni Gamana is a 1982 Sri Lankan film directed by H.D. Premaratne.
 Aranyer Din Ratri (Bengali: অরণ্যের দিনরাত্রি Araṇyēra Dinarātri Days and Nights in the Forest) is an Indian Bengali adventure drama film released in 1970 and directed by Satyajit Ray. It is based upon the Bengali novel of the same name by Sunil Gangopadhyay. It was one of the earliest films to employ the literary technique of the carnivalesque. The film was nominated for the Golden Bear for Best Film at the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Grasshoppers (Cavallette) is an animated short by Bruno Bozzetto which condenses the whole of human civilization into 9 minutes focusing primarily on the human race's predilection for warfare and the vanity of war. It was an Oscar Nominee for Best Animated Short in 1991.Each piece of history is presented as a simple vignette usually depicting a few simply-drawn characters arguing and making war over and over again.
 Keisarin salaisuus (Finnish for The Emperor's Secret) released on Sept. 8 2006 is the first Finnish computer-animated feature film.
 Some Velvet Morning is a 2013 American drama film directed by Neil LaBute. It stars Alice Eve and Stanley Tucci.
 Kangalin Vaarthaigal is a 1998 Tamil drama film directed by Muktha S. Sundar. It stars Vikram and Prema in the lead roles. Music by Ilayaraja. The film was a remake of Kannada film Nammoora Mandara Hoove.
 Conspiracy of Silence is a drama film set in Ireland and inspired by real events. The film challenges celibacy and its implication for the Catholic Church in the 21st century.Written and directed by John Deery the cast includes: Academy Award-winner Brenda Fricker Hugh Bonneville Chris O'Dowd John Lynch Jonathan Forbes Jason Barry Sean McGinley Fintan McKeown Jim Norton and Hugh Quarshie.The movie won many international awards including the U.S.
 Sayahnam (English: Twilight) is a 2000 Malayalam feature film that marks the directorial debut of R. Sarath with screenplay by himself. The film is a drama centred around the environmental and anti-nuclear issue in India. It stars O. Madhavan Gomathi Mahadevan Ebrahim Kutty Alex Kadavil Jomol and Remya Nambeesan. It won seven Kerala State Film Awards and two National Film Awards.
 The Frighteners is a 1996 comedy horror film directed by Peter Jackson and co-written with his wife Fran Walsh. The film stars Michael J. Fox Trini Alvarado Peter Dobson John Astin Dee Wallace Stone Jeffrey Combs R. Lee Ermey Jim Fyfe and Jake Busey. The Frighteners tells the story of Frank Bannister (Fox) an architect who develops psychic abilities allowing him to see hear and communicate with ghosts after his wife's murder.
 Notre Histoire is a 1984 French Comedy-drama film starring Alain Delon and Nathalie Baye.
 The Speckled Band is a 1931 British film directed by Jack Raymond and an adaption of Arthur Conan Doyle's story The Adventure of the Speckled Band which features Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson investigating the fears of a young woman and the suspicious death of her sister.
 Madeinusa is a 2005 film set in the fictional indigenous village of Manayaycuna (the town no-one can enter in Quechua) in the Peruvian Andes. The story covers three days in the lives of the villagers and a stranger from Lima. The stranger Salvador (Carlos de la Torre) is unwelcome because he has arrived at the beginning of the Holy Time a syncretic religious festival spanning Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
 Lovers' Post Office is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Crossing is a 1990 Australian drama film directed by George Ogilvie and starring Russell Crowe Robert Mammone and Danielle Spencer which was filmed in the towns of Junee and Condobolin in New South Wales.
 Headin' South is a 1918 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Arthur Rosson with supervision from Allan Dwan and starring Douglas Fairbanks. The film is now considered lost.
 Tough Guys is a 1986 action comedy film starring Burt Lancaster Kirk Douglas Eli Wallach Charles Durning Dana Carvey and Darlanne Fluegel. It was directed by Jeff Kanew.Lancaster and Douglas had already made several films together including I Walk Alone (1948) Gunfight at the O.K. Corral (1957) The Devil's Disciple (1959) and Seven Days in May (1964) becoming something of a team in the public's eye.
 Amsterdam Express is an Albanian drama directed by Fatmir Koçi and stars James Biberi Blerim DestaniFlonja KodheliCarolien SpoorNatasha Goulden and Gert Ferra. The film is about a young Albanian emigrant who wants to get rich.
 Fist of Fury also known as The Chinese Connection and The Iron Hand in the United States is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lo Wei starring Bruce Lee in his second major role after The Big Boss (1971). Lee plays Chen Zhen a student of Huo Yuanjia who fights to defend the honour of the Chinese in the face of foreign aggression and to bring to justice those responsible for his master's death.
 Hrabina Cosel (The Countess Cosel) is a 1968 Polish film directed by Jerzy Antczak. The film is based on Józef Ignacy Kraszewski’s novel Hrabina Cosel a historical romance set in the court of Augustus the Strong the first of the two Saxon Kings of Poland at the turn of the eighteenth century.
 Angels is a 2007 Filipino trilogy film starred by Angel Locsin with Jennylyn Mercado Patrick Garcia and Marvin Agustin.
 Mata Hari is a 1931 American Pre-Code film loosely based on the life of Mata Hari an exotic dancer/courtesan executed for espionage during World War I. The film stars Greta Garbo in the title role. The film is credited with popularizing the legend of Mata Hari.[citation needed]
 Wolf (狼 Okami) is a 1955 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 Khaleja is a 2010 action comedy Telugu film starring Mahesh Babu and Anushka Shetty directed by Trivikram Srinivas. It is the second collaboration between Mahesh Babu and Trivikram. Singanamala Ramesh and C Kalyan produced the film as a Kanaka Ratna Movies production. Mahesh Babu plays the role of a cab driver in the film while Prakash Raj plays a negative role. Sunil and Brahmanandam play key roles. The film was released on 7 October 2010.
 Streamers is a 1983 film adapted by David Rabe from his play of the same title. The film was directed by Robert Altman and produced by Robert Michael Geisler and John Roberdeau (The Thin Red Line). The cast included David Alan Grier as Roger Mitchell Lichtenstein as Richie Matthew Modine as Billy Michael Wright as Carlyle George Dzundza as Cokes and Guy Boyd as Rooney.The entire cast was named Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival.
 Veetla Visheshanga is a Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj.
 Pattathu Yaanai (English: Royal Elephant) is a 2013 action - masala Tamil film directed by Boopathy Pandian and produced by Michael Rayappan. The film features Vishal Krishna and Aishwarya Arjun in the lead roles with Santhanam playing a supporting role. Music was composed by Thaman and the film released on July 26 2013 alongside with its Telugu dubbed version Dheerudu. The film opened to mixed negative reviews but average grosser at the box office.
 Ganj-e Qarun (Persian: گنج قارون‎) is a 1965 Iranian film directed by Siamak Yasemi and starring Mohammad Ali Fardin.
 The Garden of Sinners: Oblivion Recording (空の境界 第六章 忘却録音 Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Rokushō: Bōkyaku Rokuon) is a 2008 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the sixth installment in the series preceded by Paradox Spiral (2008) and followed by A Study in Murder – Part 2 (2009).
 Flower & Garnet is a 2002 Canadian film written and directed by Keith Behrman.
 Shara (Japanese: 沙羅双樹 translit. Sharasōju) is a 2003 Japanese drama film directed by Naomi Kawase. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Peddannayya is a 1997 Telugu film directed by Sharath and produced by Nandamuri Ramakrishna under Ramakrishna Horticultural Cine Studios. The film stars Balakrishna (Dual role) and Roja and Indraja in the lead roles.
 You Got Served: Beat the World is a film written and directed by Robert Adetuyi released in 2011. It was produced by InnerCity Films and Telefilm Canada - Equity Investment Program. It was distributed in the United States on DVD by Sony Home Entertainment under the name You Got Served: Beat The World. The film stars Tyrone Brown Mishael Morgan Nikki Grant Christian Mio Loclair and Parkour artist Chase Armitage.
 Fatso! is a 2012 Indian film directed by Rajat Kapoor starring Ranvir Shorey Gul Panag Purab Kohli and Neil Bhoopalam. The film is produced by Pritish Nandy and Rangita Pritish Nandy. The movie was released on 4 May 2012 under Pritish Nandy Communications and Daily Multimedia Limited banner.The story based on the four friends Nandini (Gul Panag)Sudip (Ranvir Shorey) Navin (Purab Kohli) and Yash (Neil Bhoopalam). Nandini and Navin are about to get married when disaster strikes.
 The Gun is a 1974 made for television film starring David Huffman Ron Thompson Richard Bright Pepe Serna Lee de Broux Stephen Elliott and directed by John Badham.
 Visappinte Vili is a 1952 Malayalam film directed by Mohan Rao and produced by Kunchacko and K. V. Koshi under the banner of K&K Combines. It stars Prem Nazir Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair Kumari Thankam Pankajavalli Nanukuttan Mathappan S. P. Pillai and Baby Girija. It was the second film in the career of Prem Nazir. His first appearance with the name Prem Nazir was in this film. It was on the sets of this film that he was renamed Prem Nazir by Thikkurussi Sukumaran Nair.
 Shutter is a 2012 Indian Malayalam thriller film written and directed by theater actor and playwright Joy Mathew in his directorial debut. The film set and filmed in Kozhikode stars Lal Sreenivasan Vinay Forrt Sajitha Madathil and Riya Saira. Renganaath Ravee does the sound design Hari Nair cranks the camera . The film notably features a poem by Pablo Neruda set to music and sung by Shahabaz Aman.
 Digger is a 1993 film starring Leslie Nielsen.
 All Things Fall Apart is a 2011 American drama film starring Ray Liotta 50 Cent Mario Van Peebles and Lynn Whitfield. It was filmed in Michigan and premiered at the Miami International Film Festival.
 Ratbag Hero is a 1991 Australian mini series based on the book A Riverman's Story by Mik Kelsall.
 At Midnight is a 1913 American silent short film written by Gordon V. May starring Harry Van Meter Violet Neitz Louise Lester Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
 Cinema16: World Short Films is a DVD featuring short films from multiple countries directed by the likes of Guillermo Del Toro Alfonso Cuarón and Park Chan-Wook as well as less widely known directors. It is the fifth and to date last in a series of DVDs released by Cinema16.
 Thooku Medai is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Amirtham. The film stars Chandrasekhar and Menaka in the lead roles.
 Tom Dick and Harry Rock Again! (also known as Tom Dick and Harry 2) is a 2009 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rahul Kapoor and produced by Surendra Kapoor. The film is a sequel to the 2006 comedy flick Tom Dick and Harry. The film stars a completely new cast except for Celina Jaitley who also starred in the prequel.
 The Beautiful Adventure is a 1917 silent film drama starring Ann Murdock a stage star. The film is based on a Broadway stage play The Beautiful Adventure that had starred Murdock on Broadway. The film was directed by Dell Henderson and released through the Mutual Film company. It is lost.
 Little Women is a 1994 American drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong. The screenplay by Robin Swicord is based on the Louisa May Alcott novel of the same name. It is the fifth feature film adaptation of the Alcott classic following silent versions released in 1917 and 1918 a 1933 George Cukor-directed release a 1949 adaptation by Mervyn LeRoy and a 1978 adaptation by Gordon Hessler.
 Rocco e i suoi fratelli (English: Rocco and His Brothers) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Luchino Visconti. Set in Milan it tells the story of an immigrant family from the South and its disintegration in the society of the industrial North.
 The Student of Prague (German: Der Student von Prag also known as A Bargain with Satan) is a 1913 German silent horror film. The film was remade in 1926 under the same title The Student of Prague. Other remakes were produced in 1935 and 2004. It is generally deemed to be the first independent film in history.
 The Devil-Stone is a 1917 American silent romance film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and co-written by his mother Beatrice and his some time lover Jeanie MacPherson. The film had sequences filmed in the Handschiegl Color Process (billed as the DeMille-Wyckoff Process).Only two of six reels are known to survive in the American Film Institute Collection at the Library of Congress.This was the last of Farrar's films for Paramount.
 Midnight Beating is a 2010 Chinese film directed by Zhang Jiabei and starring Hong Kong veteran actors Simon Yam and Francis Ng.
 L'immorale is a 1967 Italian comedy film directed by Pietro Germi. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.
 'Hood is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Hakaru Sunamoto and starring Shuji Kashiwabara.The soundtrack of 'Hood features songs by Shinichi Osawa and Monday Michiru's special unit Viva Unity Zeebra Muro and Misia.
 Rangrezz is a Hindi film directed by Priyadarshan starring Jackky Bhagnani Priya Anand Rajpal Yadav and Amitosh Nagpal in the lead roles. The story is adapted from the Tamil film Naadodigal which has already been remade in Telugu Malayalam Kannada and Bengali. The film is produced by Vashu Bhagnani and released on 21 March 2013.
 The Mighty Barnum is a 1934 film starring Wallace Beery as P.T. Barnum. The movie was written by Gene Fowler and Bess Meredyth and directed by Walter Lang. Beery had played Barnum four years earlier in A Lady's Morals a highly fictionalized biography of singer Jenny Lind. The supporting cast features Adolphe Menjou Virginia Bruce as Jenny Lind and Rochelle Hudson.
 The Flirt and the Bandit is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring R.D. Armstrong Charlotte Burton Ed Coxen George Field James Harrison and Chester Withey.
 Zameen is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Sakharam Binder (Sakharam the Binder) is a play by Marathi playwright Vijay Tendulkar and was first performed in 1972. It was banned in India in 1974. It was produced and directed by Kamlakar Sarang.
 Jai Vikraanta is a 1995 Bollywood Action film directed and produced by Sultan Ahmed.The film features Sanjay Dutt Zeba Bakhtiyar and Amrish Puri as main characters.
 OMG (Oh My Girl!) is a romantic comedy film produced by Philippines' Regal Entertainment and directed by Ploning helmer Dante Nico Garcia. The film is about friendship and love in the entertainment industry.Judy Ann Santos stars as the famous actress named Darling who was known in her childhood days as Opao.
 Renaissance Man is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Penny Marshall and starring Danny DeVito Gregory Hines James Remar and Cliff Robertson. In Australia the film is known under the title of Army Intelligence.
 Forty Boys and a Song is a 1941 American short documentary film about the Robert Mitchell Boys Choir. Directed by Irving Allen it was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Isaac in America: A Journey With Isaac Bashevis Singer is a 1986 documentary made by director Amram Nowak and producer Kirk Simon.
 How to Make a Monster is a 1958 American horror film released by American International Pictures. The film is a follow-up to both I Was a Teenage Werewolf and I Was a Teenage Frankenstein. Like Teenage Frankenstein a black & white film that switched to color for the final moments How to Make a Monster was filmed in black & white with the entire last reel filmed in color.
 China Seas is a 1935 adventure film starring Clark Gable as a brave sea captain Jean Harlow as his brassy paramour and Wallace Beery as an extremely suspicious-looking character.
 The Assassination of Matteotti (Italian: Il delitto Matteotti) is a 1973 Italian historical drama film directed by Florestano Vancini. The film tells the events that led to the tragic end of Giacomo Matteotti and to the establishment of the dictatorship of Benito Mussolini in Italy. It was awarded with the Special Jury Prize at the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Coqueta (in English: Coquette) is a musical drama Mexican motion picture released in 1983.
 Sagebrush Trail (UK title An Innocent Man) is a 1933 American modern day Western film with locations filmed at Bronson Canyon starring John Wayne and featuring Lane Chandler and Yakima Canutt. It was the second Lone Star Productions film released by Monogram Pictures.
 The Cold Room is a 1984 cable television film by James Dearden. Based on an eponymous 1978 science fiction novel by Jeffrey Caine the film stars George Segal Amanda Pays (in her film debut) Anthony Higgins Renée Soutendijk and Warren Clarke. The original film score is by Michael Nyman. It was a production of MCEG/Sterling Entertainment and released on VHS by Charter Entertainment.
 Don't Forget You're Going to Die (French: N'oublie pas que tu vas mourir French pronunciation: ​[nubli pa kə ty va muʁiʁ]) is a 1995 French drama film directed co-written by and starring Xavier Beauvois. The film tells the story of an HIV positive man who travels to Italy.
 Maximum is a 2012 Hindi crime/thriller film written and directed by Kabeer Kaushik. The project features Naseeruddin Shah Sonu Sood Neha Dhupia and Vinay Pathak in pivotal roles. Maximum was released on 29 June 2012. After the film's release the film got mixed reviews but was a disaster at the box office.
 Majajan is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in January 2006. It is reportedly doing very well at the box office. Director of Majajan Syed Noor married the heroine Saima during this film. Majajan is a love story Syed Noor says he made most passionately. Inspired by the life of Baba Bulleh Shah and his 'ishq' with his 'murshad'
 Chittu Kuruvi is a 1978 Tamil language film. It was directed by Devaraj Mohan.
 Fulffy is a 1965 English comedy film written by Samuel Roeca directed by Earl Bellamy and which stars Tony Randall. Numerous media outlets have cited the film's storyline is well scripted. The film's storyline is based on a pet lion (Fluffy). Fluffy the lion is the main attraction in this comedy. Tony Randall plays a scientist how is trying to prove that even a wild animal like a lion can be made into a pet with proper training.
 The Dean Case is a 1982 Australian TV movie which was part of the ABC's Verdict series. It tells the story of George Dean arrested in 1895 for attempting to poison his wife.
 Le Tiroir secret is a 1986 French family drama TV mini-series (6 episodes) directed by Michel Boisrond Edouard Molinaro Nadine Trintignant and Roger Gillioz. The screenplay was written by Danièle Thompson Jean-Patrick Manchette Patrick Besson and Roger Grenier. The music score is by Vladimir Cosma.It was released on DVD in France on 18 October 2006. It tells the story of a woman who suspects that her husband (presumed dead) had in fact led a double life.
 Adulterous Wife's Dirty Afternoon (不倫妻の淫らな午後 Furin-zuma no midara na gogo) is a 2003 Japanese Pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima. It won the Silver Prize at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Star Motoko Sasaki was also given the Best Actress award.
 Marrying the Mafia III (Hangul: 가문의 부활 - 가문의 영광 3; RR: Gamuneui buhwal - Kamuneui yeonggwang 3) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 Európa Expressz (alt. Europa Express) is a Hungarian action-thriller made in 1999.
 Ikigami (イキガミ Ikigami) is a 2008 Japanese film based on Ikigami: The Ultimate Limit a manga written by Motoro Mase.
 Querô is a 2007 Brazilian drama film directed by Carlos Cortez and starring Maxwell Nascimento Leandro Carvalho Eduardo Chagas Milhem Cortaz and Nildo Ferreira. The film is based on the 1976 novel Uma Reportagem Maldita - Querô by Plínio Marcos.
 Freedom is a 1982 film directed by Scott Hicks.The movie was shot in May to June 1981 in and around Adelaide. Finance was provided by the South Australian Film Corporation which additional investment from Filmco.Scott Hick later described making the film as:A very mixed experience. On the one hand it was heady and exciting and intoxicating to be making your first feature film but on the other there were difficulties in the way the production was organised.
 Un cuerpo de mujer (A Woman's Body) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Interface is a 1984 horror movie. It was directed by Andy Anderson and starred John Davies Lauren Lane and Mathew Sacks. It is notable for providing Lou Diamond Phillips his first film role as PUNK#1.The movie takes place on a fictional college campus. Davies starring as a professor discovers a secret society of hackers on campus; they kill his star pupil. Hobson attempts to uncover and neutralize the society even as he himself becomes a suspect in his student's death.
 Curtain Call is a 1940 comedy directed by Frank Woodruff and starring Alan Mowbray and Donald MacBride.
 Two Cars One Night is a short film (11 minutes) written and directed by Taika Waititi. Released in 2004 the film is about two boys and a girl meeting in the carpark of a rural pub in Te Kaha New Zealand. What at first seems to be a relationship based on rivalry soon develops into a potential friendship.
 Well Done Abba is a 2009 political satire Hindi film directed by Shyam Benegal starring Boman Irani Minissha Lamba and Sameer Dattani in pivotal roles. It is the remake of the 2007 Marathi film Jau Tithe Khau. It was based on three short stories: Narsaiyyan Ki Bavdi by Jeelani Bano Phulwa Ka Pul by Sanjeev and Still Waters by Jayant Kripalani. The screenplay was written by Jayant Kripalani and Ashok Mishra who also wrote the dialogues.
 Lily Festival (百合祭 Yurisai) is a 2001 Japanese movie directed by Sachi Hamano based on the novel Yurisai by Houko Momotani. The film focuses on the sexuality of older women and won the Jury Prize for Best Feature - Lesbian at the Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival.
 Paris in Spring (aka Paris Love Song) is a 1935 black and white musical comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play by Dwight Taylor with a screen play by Samuel Hoffenstein and Franz Schulz.
 Auto Raja (Kannada: ಆಟೋ ರಾಜ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada language film directed by Vijay. The film stars Shankar Nag and Gayathri in lead roles. It had Dwarakeesh Balakrishna and Leelavathi playing supporting roles. The music of the film was composed by Rajan-Nagendra.
 The Thief of Venice or Il Ladro di Venezia is a 1950 Italian film directed by John Brahm. The US title was The Thief of Venice.It was released in the US two years after being made.
 Detective Naani is an Indian Hindi language film released on 22 May 2009. It is directed by debutante Romilla Mukherjee and stars Ava Mukherjee with Zain Khan Amit Verma and Shweta Gulati.
 Act of Violence is a 1948 American film noir directed by Fred Zinnemann and adapted for the screen by Robert L. Richards from a story by Collier Young featuring performances by Van Heflin Robert Ryan and Janet Leigh.
 To the People of the United States is a short propaganda film produced by the US Public Health Service in 1943 to warn the American GIs against syphilis. It was directed by Arthur Lubin.The film opens with the ground crew of a flying fortress talking to their colleagues about being grounded. It seems the other planes in their unit are off to fight the enemy but they and their plane lay idle because their pilot is sick.
 Nocturne indien is a 1989 French film directed by Alain Corneau based on the novel Notturno Indiano by Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.
 For the 1928 Warner Brothers film see Lights of New York (1928 film).Lights of New York is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Van Dyke Brooke. Produced by the Vitagraph Company of America and directed by Van Dyke Brooke the film stars Walter McGrail and Leah Baird. Its status is currently unknown.
 Pudsey: The Movie is a British film starring Pudsey one half of the dancing duo Ashleigh and Pudsey voiced by David Walliams. The film is set to be released in the United Kingdom in May 2014 after it was originally set to be released in December the previous year. Other stars include Jessica Hynes John Sessions and Jim Tavaré. The film will be made by Vertigo Films and Syco.
 Hurricane Streets (aka Hurricane) is a 1997 American coming-of-age drama which was the debut feature film from writer-director Morgan J. Freeman (not to be confused with actor Morgan Freeman). The film won the Audience Best Director and Best Cinematography Awards at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival—the first film ever to win three awards at the festival. It was released by MGM and stars Brendan Sexton III and Edie Falco.
 Starstruck is a 1982 Australian comedy-drama musical film starring Jo Kennedy Ross O'Donovan and Margo Lee about two teenagers trying to make their break into the music industry. The film was shot on location in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It was marketed with the tagline A Comedy Musical. The hotel shots were filmed at the Harbour View Hotel in Sydney's The Rocks district near the south pylon of the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
 Romance with a Double Bass is a 1974 featurette from the United Kingdom. It was written by John Cleese Connie Booth and Bill Owen and based on the short story of the same name by Anton Chekhov.
 Lusty Sisters (色情姉妹 Shikijō shimai) aka Erotic Sisters is a 1972 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Chūsei Sone and starring Keiko Tsuzuki and Akemi Nijō.
 Hello! Hum Lallan Bol Rahe Hain is a Bollywood film starring Rajpal Yadav and Preeti Mehra in the lead roles. Produced by Nazim Rizvi and directed by Dileep Shukla it was released under the banner of Emaar Film International Unit and Whispering Shadows Entertainment.
 Pillai Nilla is a 1985 Tamil horror film directed by Manobala. The film stars Jaishankar Mohan Nalini and Radhika.
 Hearts of Oak is a 1924 drama film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 In the Realm of the Senses (French: L’Empire des sens is a 1976 French-Japanese art film directed by Nagisa Oshima. It is a fictionalised and sexually explicit treatment of an incident from 1930s Japan that of Sada Abe. It generated great controversy during its release; while intended for mainstream wide release it contains scenes of unsimulated sexual activity between the actors (Tatsuya Fuji and Eiko Matsuda among others).
 Mr. & Mrs. Incredible (San kei hap lui 神奇俠侶) is a 2011 Chinese-Hong Kong film directed by Vincent Kok.
 A Curious Dream is a 1907 short drama film based on Mark Twain's short story The Curious Dream. Twain himself provided the following testimonial: Gentlemen: I authorize the Vitagraph Company of America to make a moving picture from my 'Curious Dream.' I have their picture of John Barter examining his gravestone and find it frightfully and deliciously humorous.
 The Desert Song is a 1953 film version in Technicolor of Sigmund Romberg's operetta. It is the third film version of the operetta the third made by Warner Brothers and the second in full three-strip Technicolor. Although it was released in 1953 it was not made in widescreen; at that time Twentieth-Century Fox held the rights to Cinemascope which was introduced that year in the film The Robe.
 The Strange One is a 1957 black-and-white film about students faced with an ethical dilemma in a military college in the Southern United States. The film is adapted from a novel and stage play by Calder Willingham called End as a Man and the film is sometimes referred to by that name.The cast includes Ben Gazzara George Peppard Pat Hingle Geoffrey Horne James Olson and Larry Gates some of them members of the original cast of the stage version.
 Robotech II: The Sentinels was an attempt by Harmony Gold USA to continue the original 1985 Robotech television series. Only three episodes were ultimately animated before the project was canceled in 1986 and a feature-length film was released from footage taken from the completed episodes.
 Lily in Love is a 1984 Hungarian-American co-production in English language based on a play by Ferenc Molnár starring Christopher Plummer Maggie Smith and Elke Sommer. It is a tale of comedic deception and romance directed by Károly Makk.
 Before I forget (French: Avant que j'oublie) is a 2007 French drama film directed written and starred in by Jacques Nolot. The film portrays the life of an aging gay man who was a hustler in his youth confronting old age an empty life and a reversal of paying for sex.
 Let's Rock (known as Keep It Cool in the United Kingdom) is a 1958 rock and roll film starring Julius LaRosa as a crooner attempting to fight off the rival music rock and roll Phyllis Newman as his songwriting girlfriend who convinces him to adapt rather than fight and Conrad Janis as LaRosa's manager.
 Eine Symphonie des Kampfwillens (English: A Symphony of the Will to Fight) is the first film documentary of a Nuremberg Rally.Made soon after the establishment of the Nazi Party film office the film is a short record of the highlights of the conference interspersed with newspaper descriptions of the rally. It begins with the arrival at Nuremberg of the various contingents of Nazis some on train others in trucks or on foot.
 Slutty Summer is a 2004 romantic comedy film written and directed by Casper Andreas. It stars Casper Andreas Jesse Archer and Christos Klapsis. The film was premiered at the New York Lesbian and Gay Film Festival on June 11 2004 and was shown at various other film festivals before its release in the United States on June 10 2005.
 The Last Conflict is a 1988 Hong Kong action crime thriller television film produced by TVB directed by Raymond Lee and starring Donnie Yen Adia Chan Francis Ng Stephen Chow Lau Kong and Andy Tai.
 August Fools (Finnish: Mieletön elokuu) is a 2013 comedy film directed by Taru Mäkelä. It is a Finnish-Czech co-production set in Helsinki Finland in the early 1960s.
 Yaad Rahe is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Symphony of Six Million is a 1932 film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Ricardo Cortez Irene Dunne and Gregory Ratoff. Based on the story Night Bell by Fannie Hurst the movie concerns the rise of a Jewish physician from humble roots to the top of his profession and the social costs of losing his connection with his community his family and with the craft of healing.
 Humshakals (English: Our Appearances) is an upcoming Bollywood comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Vashu Bhagnani. Saif Ali Khan Ram Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh will be seen in a triple role. The film will be shot extensively in foreign locations including the island of Mauritius starting September 2013. The film is co-produced by Fox Star Studios and Vashu Bhagnani's Pooja Entertainment. The planned release date is June 20 2014.
 Kalam Vellum (In English: Time will win) is a Tamil Action thriller film directed by M.Karnan released in 1970. The film follows Robin Hood as well cowboy style story.
 Asterix at the Olympic Games (French: Astérix aux Jeux Olympiques) is a French film based on characters from René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo's Astérix comic series. It was filmed essentially in Spain in the course of the year 2006. At the time of its release it was the most expensive French film of all time. The film has been poorly received by critics but performed well at several European box offices topping charts in Poland Spain and France.
 Brand of the Outlaws is a 1936 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Sleeping Acres is a 1921 American film starring Australian actor Snowy Baker. It was Baker's first American movie and was made for producer Willian N. Selig who specialised in adventure tales. A contemporary fan magazine said that  The Australian possesses a magnetic screen personality. His novel stunts thrilling athletic feats and superb horsemanship feature his American debut.
 Maanagara Kaaval is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by M. Thiyagarajan. It is loosely based on Mammootty starrer August 1. Vijayakanth as a super cop to protect the life of Indian Prime Minister (Lakshmi).
 Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away is a 2012 3D film directed by Andrew Adamson. The film premiered on October 20 2012 at the Tokyo International Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on December 21 2012. It was released in 2D and 3D. It stars Erica Linz and Igor Zaripov as the main characters and incorporates acts from the seven Cirque du Soleil shows that were running in Las Vegas in 2011: O Mystère Kà Love Zumanity Viva Elvis and Criss Angel Believe.
 Snehamante Idera (dubbed into Hindi in 2007 as Naya Jigar) is a 2001 film directed by Bala Sekharan and produced by R.B. Chowdary. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna Sumanth Bhoomika Chawla Sudhakar and Pratyusha. It's a remake of Malayalam film Friends. It had an average run at the box office.
 Kicked Out is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Closer is a 2004 romantic drama film written by Patrick Marber based on his award-winning 1997 play of the same name. The movie was produced and directed by Mike Nichols and stars Julia Roberts Jude Law Natalie Portman and Clive Owen. The film like the play on which it is based has been seen by some as a modern and tragic version of Mozart's opera Così fan tutte with references to that opera in both the plot and the soundtrack.
 Queridas amigas is a 1980 Argentine film.
 Do Bhai is a 1947 Indian Bollywood film directed by Munshi Dil. Its starred Ulhas Noor Jehan Kamini Kaushal Dipak Mukherjee Ramayan Tiwari Rajan Haksar and Paro in lead roles. It was the second highest grossing Indian film of 1947.The features the song Mera Sundar Sapna Beet Gaya and Yaad Karoge sung by Geeta Dutt with music composed by Sachin Dev Burman and lyrics by Raja Mehdi Ali Khan.
 Village by the River (Dutch: Dorp aan de rivier) is a 1958 Dutch film directed by Fons Rademakers. The film was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 32nd Academy Awards.
 Triple Tap (simplified Chinese: 枪王之王; traditional Chinese: 鎗王之王) is a 2010 Hong Kong action film directed by Derek Yee. This film is follow-up to the Derek Yee produced 2000 film Double Tap which starred Leslie Cheung and Alex Fong the latter being only actor to reprise his role from the previous installment.
 Dangerous Moves is a 1984 French-language film about chess directed by Richard Dembo and starring Michel Piccoli and Alexandre Arbatt. Its original French title is La diagonale du fou (The Fool's Diagonal referring to the chess piece called the bishop in English but the fool in French). The film was a co-production between companies in France and Switzerland. It tells the story of two very different men competing in the final match of the World Chess Championship.
 The Yankles is a 2009 film directed by David R. Brooks about a fictitious college-level baseball team made up of students from an Orthodox Yeshiva.Filmed in Utah with a predominantly Mormon cast the film was shown at a number of film festivals winning a number of festival awards although it was never theatrically released. However in 2012 it was picked up by Magnolia Home Entertainment for DVD release.
 Fantômas (French pronunciation: ​[fɑ̃tomas]) is a 1964 French film starring Jean Marais as the arch villain with the same name opposite Louis de Funès as the earnest but outclassed commissaire Paul Juve. In the film Juve teams up with journalist Fandor also played by Marais trying to catch Fantômas but never quite succeeding. It was France's answer in 1964 to the James Bond phenomenon that swept the world at around the same time.
 Good-bye My Lady is a 1956 American film adaptation of the novel Good-bye My Lady (1954) by James H. Street. The book had been inspired by Street's original story appearing in The Saturday Evening Post. Street was going to be the principal advisor on the film when he suddenly died of a heart attack.The film was produced by John Wayne's Batjac Productions. Directed by William A.
 Justice Viswanathan is a 1971 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by G. R. Nathan starring Ravichandran Major Sundarrajan.
 The Wedding March (1928) is a silent film directed by and starring Erich von Stroheim. It also stars Fay Wray and ZaSu Pitts. Paramount Pictures forced von Stroheim to create two films from the footage the second being The Honeymoon (eventually re-edited back into one film for a re-release). The Honeymoon is now a lost film the only known copy destroyed in a fire in France in 1957.
 Indru Poi Naalai Vaa (English: Go today come tomorrow) is a 1981 Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj. A coming-of-age story of three carefree teenagers complete with bell bottoms and thick-framed goggles of the 80s the laugh riot attained cult status among film buffs.
 Ziegfeld Follies is a 1946 Hollywood musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by Lemuel Ayers Roy Del Ruth Robert Lewis Vincente Minnelli Merrill Pye George Sidney and Charles Walters.
 The Haunted Drum is a Thai 2007 horror drama film.
 Hallelujah (1929) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical directed by King Vidor and starring Daniel L. Haynes and the then unknown Nina Mae McKinney.Filmed in Tennessee and Arkansas and chronicling the troubled quest of a sharecropper Zeke Johnson (Haynes) and his relationship with the seductive Chick (McKinney) Hallelujah was one of the first all-black films by a major studio.
 Rat Trap (French: Le Rat d'Amérique) is a 1963 French adventure film directed by Jean-Gabriel Albicocco. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Cafe in Cairo is a 1924 silent film feature directed by Chester Withey and starring Priscilla Dean. Hunt Stromberg produced. The survival status of the film is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 Tsukihime keizu (月姫系図) English title: Princess Tsuki is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Minoru Watanabe.
 Hallucination Generation is a 1967 film by Edward Mann. Purportedly intended as a warning against the dangers of pill-popping Sixties hedonism along the lines of 1936's Reefer Madness the film's primary purpose appears to have been titillation thus landing it in the genre of exploitation cinema. The film is a drama set in Spain where a small group of American young adults is living. The leader of the group is a drug dealer. The others are there living carefree lives as beatniks.
 The Fall of the Essex Boys is a 2013 British gangster thriller film based on the true story of the Rettendon murders in 1995.
 Vanity Fair is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Walter Courtney Rowden and starring Clive Brook Cosmo Kyrle Bellew and Douglas Munro. An adaptation of the novel 1848 Vanity Fair by William Makepeace Thackeray it was made as part of the Tense Moments with Great Authors Series of films.
 Shirome ( シロメ White Eyes) is a 2010 J-Horror found footage film presented in the form of a documentary. The movie was written and directed by Kôji Shiraishi. Shiraishi also appears in a starring role within the film playing himself as do the six then-members of Momoiro Clover.
 Naked Continent (裸の大陸) is an award-winning Japanese adult video (AV) from 2006 which spawned a series of seven sequels.
 Charlie Chan in Paris is the seventh film produced by Fox with Warner Oland as Charlie Chan.
 Shadow Run is a 1998 crime film set in the south of England UK. It is based on the novel by Desmond Lowden. It was not released in the cinema and eventually appeared on home video in 2001.
 Meera Ke Girdhar (1993) is a devotional movie telling Hindu mythological story of Meera's love and devotion towards Lord Krishna.
 Kamadhenu is a 1941 Tamil-language film directed by Nandlal Jaswantlal starring Saroja Ramamrutham. The film performed well at the box office.[citation needed]
 Rustum (Telugu: రుస్తూం) is a Tollywood movie directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and has Chiranjeevi in title role. The movie was released on 21 December 1984.
 Loggerheads is an independent film written and directed by Tim Kirkman produced by Gill Holland and released in the United States by Strand Releasing in October 2005. After its debut at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival where it was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize Loggerheads screened at festivals throughout the U.S. and abroad.
 Birthright (臍帯 Saitai) is a 2010 Japanese horror film directed produced and co-written by Naoki Hashimoto. The film involves a young woman named Mika (Sayoko Oho) who watches the married couple Minoru Takeda (Hiroshi Sakuma) and his wife Ryoko (Ryoko Takizawa) and their teenage daughter Ayano (Miyu Yagyu) from outside their home. Mika approaches Ayano and says she knows a male student who would like to meet her.
 She Loves Me Not is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survive at the film archive of the British Film Institute.
 Mehndi is 1958 Hindi film produced by A.A. Nadiadwala and directed by S.M. Yusuf. The music for the film was composed by Ravi. The film stars Ajit and Jayashree in lead roles.
 Battle for Brooklyn is a 2011 documentary that follows the stories of a Brooklyn neighborhood as the residents fight to save their homes from being destroyed by an impending real estate project. The film attempts to show the unjust outcomes that are possible when moneyed interests partner up with government entities to outweigh the rights of citizens.
 A Grande Arte (in English High Art; US title: Exposure) is a 1991 Brazilian movie directed by Walter Salles Jr. and starring Peter Coyote. Loosely based on the book A Grande Arte by Brazilian Rubem Fonseca it is one of the first theatrical works of Salles Jr.
 Milano miliardaria is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami Marcello Marchesi and Vittorio Metz.
 A Fine Windy Day (Hangul: 바람 불어 좋은 날; RR: Barambuleo joheun nal) is a 1980 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jang-ho.
 Campane di Pompeii is a 1952 Italian film directed by Giuseppe Lombardi.
 Garbo is a 1992 Australian film directed by Ron Cobb. It was written by and starring the Australian comedians Neill Gladwin and Steve Kearney; Max Cullen also stars. Filmed in Melbourne the story focuses on two Australian garbagemen (garbos in Australian slang) who admire Greta Garbo.The Celtic punk band The Pogues recorded a song In and Out for the film's soundtrack. Kate Ceberano and Yothu Yindi also contributed music for the film.
 Give Us Wings (1940) is a Universal film starring the Dead End Kids and the Little Tough Guys.
 Inside Detroit is a 1955 drama film starring Dennis O'Keefe Pat O'Brien Tina Carver Ken Christy Joe Turkel released by Columbia Pictures and directed by Fred F. Sears. The original music score was composed by Mischa Bakaleinikoff.
 Homecoming is a 1948 romantic drama starring Clark Gable and Lana Turner. It was the third of their four films together and like two of the others was about a couple caught up in World War II.
 An American Hippie in Israel also known as Ha-Trempist (from Hebrew הטרמפיסט The Hitch-hiker) is a 1972 Israeli science fiction-action-comedy film written and directed by Amos Sefer starring Asher Tzarfati. Once thought lost it was rediscovered decades later by the cult film enthusiasts at Grindhouse Releasing who have digitally restored the film and presented it in Blu-ray and DVD.
 Davy Crockett and the River Pirates is a 1956 live-action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett. It was shot in Cave-In-Rock Illinois.
 Guess Who is a 2005 American comedy film about race relations directed by Kevin Rodney Sullivan. It is a loose remake of the 1967 film Guess Who's Coming to Dinner in the form of a romantic comedy. While the 1967 film covered interracial romance (of a black man with a white woman) in a serious dramatic fashion the 2005 film covered the topic (of a white man with a black woman) in a light farcical manner.
 You Are My Sunshine (Hangul: 너는 내 운명; RR: Neoneun nae unmyeong literally: You are my destiny) is a 2005 South Korean film directed by Park Jin-pyo and starring Jeon Do-yeon and Hwang Jung-min in the lead roles. It was released in Korea on 23 September 2005 distributed by CJ Entertainment and ran at 121 minutes.The official English title is named after a Jimmie Davis song You Are My Sunshine which is used on the soundtrack.
 Junior is a 2008 documentary film chronicling a year in the life of Baie-Comeau Drakkar of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
 Something Like Love (Italian: Come l'amore) is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Enzo Muzii. It was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Prize of the Jury.
 The Wedding Ring (French: L'Alliance) is a 1971 French mystery film directed by Christian de Chalonge and starring Anna Karina.
 30 for 30 is the umbrella title for a series of documentary films airing on ESPN and its sister networks and online properties. The series highlights important people and events in the sports world and in sports history. 30 for 30 includes two volumes of 30 episodes each a 13-episode series under the ESPN Films Presents title in 2011-2012 and a series of 30 for 30 Shorts shown through the ESPN.com website.
 Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi (Hindi: बडती का नाम दाडी; English: That which grows is a beard) is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kishore Kumar. The name is similar to a previous Kishore Kumar film Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi.
 Make It Three is a 1938 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Hugh Wakefield Edmund Willard and Diana Beaumont. A bank clerk is left a very large inheritance on condition that he first serve three months in prison. It was the last film produced by Julius Hagen who had owned Twickenham Studios.
 Victory at Entebbe is a made-for-television film from 1976 based on an actual event: Operation Entebbe and the freeing of Israeli hostages at Entebbe Airport (now Entebbe International Airport) in Uganda. The airport is Uganda's main airport and is situated near the capital city of Kampala Uganda.The film starred Anthony Hopkins Burt Lancaster Elizabeth Taylor Richard Dreyfuss and Kirk Douglas and was directed by Marvin J. Chomsky.
 The Nostril Picker is a 1993 horror film of the slasher genre. The film stars Carl Zschering as Joe Bukowski a homicidal maniac who uses his special ability to get close to his female targets. Despite the name the film plot does not directly revolve around a man who picks his nose. Instead Joe Bukowski learns a chant from a homeless man in return for a small proportion of his alcoholic beverage and this chant transforms Joe into a form of anybody he pleases.
 Whispers and Moans (Chinese: 性工作者十日談) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Herman Yau. It is based on the 2006 book Whispers and Moans by Yeeshan Yang investigating the Hong Kong sex trade. It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong.
 Jandro is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Yobi the Five Tailed Fox (Korean: 천년여우 여우비) is a 2007 animated Korean film by Lee Sung-gang the director of My Beautiful Girl Mari. The film loosely draws upon the Korean folk tales of the kumiho.
 Woman in a Hat (Polish: Kobieta w kapeluszu) is a 1985 Polish drama film directed by Stanisław Różewicz. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Capturing the Friedmans is a documentary film directed by Andrew Jarecki. It focuses on the 1980s investigation of Arnold and Jesse Friedman for child molestation. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Documentary Feature in 2003.Some of the Friedmans' alleged victims and family members wrote to the Awards Committee protesting the nomination their identities confirmed but protected by the judge who presided over the court case.
 Tarzan's Hidden Jungle is a 1955 RKO B&W movie starring Gordon Scott in his first film as Tarzan taking over the role from Lex Barker who had in turn followed Johnny Weismuller in the series. This film about Edgar Rice Burroughs' ape-man also features Vera Miles and Jack Elam and was directed by Harold D. Schuster. It was the last of 12 Tarzan pictures released by RKO Studios.Tarzan's mate Jane does not appear in this motion picture.
 School Days (simplified Chinese: 学校霸王; traditional Chinese: 學校霸王; pinyin: xué xiào bà wáng) is a 1995 Taiwan teen drama film distributed for Hong Kong. Starring Jimmy Lin Takeshi Kaneshiro and Ruby Lin. Directed by Chu Yin-Ping. The original Taiwan release title of the film was Campus Squad 校園敢死隊 the title was renamed for it's Hong Kong release and dubbed in Cantonese to appeal to the Hong Kong audience.
 The Brain That Wouldn't Die also known as The Head That Wouldn't Die is a 1959 science-fiction/horror film directed by Joseph Green and written by Green and Rex Carlton. The film was completed in 1959 under the title The Black Door but was not released until May 3 1962 when it was renamed.[citation needed] The main plot focuses upon a mad doctor who develops a means to keep human body parts alive. He must eventually use his discovery on someone close to him and hilarity ensues.
 The Sound and the Silence is a 1992 TV movie directed by John Kent Harrison starring John Bach as Alexander Graham Bell.
 Fading Gigolo is a 2013 American film directed written by and starring John Turturro co-starring Woody Allen Sharon Stone Sofia Vergara Vanessa Paradis and Liev Schreiber. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.Fading Gigolo received a limited release in the United States on April 18 2014.
 Dildaar is a 1977 Hindi film. Produced by D. Rama Naidu the film is directed by K. Bapaiah. The film stars Jeetendra Rekha Moushumi Chatterji Sujit Kumar Prem Chopra Keshto Mukherjee Jagdeep Deven Verma Nazneen (who received the film's only Filmfare nomination as Best Supporting Actress) and Shashikala. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Symbiopsychotaxiplasm is a 1968 experimental docu-drama film written directed and conceived by African-American film director and documentarian William Greaves. The film which is shot and presented in the style of a cinéma vérité documentary attempts to capture and examine pure reality unhindered by the presence of the cameras all around.
 The Mating of Marcus is a 1926 British silent romance film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring David Hawthorne George Bellamy and Moore Marriott It was based on a novel by Mabel Grundy.
 Side Street is a 1950 American crime film noir/police procedural directed by Anthony Mann.The motion picture was filmed on location throughout New York City and culminated in one of the first modern car chases prior to 1968's Bullitt.
 Yauwan is an Indian film from 1973 which stars Anil Dhawan Yogeeta Bali Sujit Kumar and Kabir Bedi.
 The Passion Flower is a 1921 drama film starring Norma Talmadge Courtenay Foote and Eulalie Jensen and directed by Herbert Brenon. The forbidden love of a man for his stepdaughter leads to tragedy and murder.The Library of Congress has a print though there is a bit of deterioration in the first scene and a lapse of continuity near the end of this copy.
 Something to Hide (in the U.S. also reissued as Shattered) is a 1972 British thriller film written and directed by Alastair Reid based on a 1963 novel by Nicholas Monsarrat. The film stars Peter Finch Shelley Winters Colin Blakely Linda Hayden and Graham Crowden. Finch plays a man harassed by his shrewish wife (Winters) who after picking up a pregnant teenage hitchhiker (Hayden) is driven to murder and madness. The film was not released commercially in the United States until 1976.
 Lummox is a 1930 sound film directed by Herbert Brenon and released through United Artists. It is based on a 1923 novel by Fannie Hurst.Per IMDb the film survives in nitrate at the British Film Institute(BFI). It's soundtrack discs are preserved at UCLA.
 Torn Memories of Nanjing (南京 引き裂かれた記憶) is a 2009 Japanese documentary film by Japanese activist Tamaki Matsuoka. On March 28 2010 it was shown at the Hong Kong International Film Festival. It includes interviews with Japanese veterans who admit to raping and killing Chinese civilians and accounts by Chinese survivors.
 Bethune: The Making of a Hero is a 1990 film directed by Phillip Borsos. It stars Donald Sutherland and Helen Mirren. It was nominated for numerous awards in 1991 and 1993.
 Open Secret is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt starring John Ireland and Jane Randolph.
 North of the Great Divide is a 1950 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Al hob fy zaman al kolla is a 2008 Egyptian film.
 Spookies is a 1986 independent horror film. Remembered for its copious creature effects its patchwork editing and for boasting an effective soundtrack Spookies was given a limited theatrical release in 1987-88 and a more widespread video release in 1988. It was shown on cable television's USA Network multiple times between 1988-1991. To date this film has not been released on DVD in the United States.
 C.B.I. Shankar is a 1989 Indian Kannada language action film starring Shankar Nag and Suman Ranganathan in the lead roles. Directed by P. Nanjundappa and written by K. V. Raju this film was produced by Krishna Raju and friends. The film's music and background score was done by Hamsalekha.The film was a major blockbuster of the year 1989 and the soundtrack also was well received.
 The Reading Room is a 2005 television film that originally premiered on Hallmark Channel. It is directed by Georg Stanford Brown.
 Gidget Goes Hawaiian is a 1961 musical romantic comedy film starring Deborah Walley and James Darren. Released by Columbia Pictures the film is a sequel to the 1959 Sandra Dee beach movie vehicle Gidget. Dee was under contract to Universal for the rival series film Tammy Tell Me True (1961) and wouldn't be released to Columbia to reprise her hit role.The sequel expands the archetypal high school teen surfer girl's romance with her college sweetheart Moondoggie.
 Twilight: Los Angeles is an American film starring Anna Deavere Smith and directed by Marc Levin.
 Foreign Devils is a 1927 drama silent film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Tim McCoy and Claire Windsor which was released on September 3 1927.
 On the Road (French: Sur la route) is a 2012 Brazilian-French-Canadian adventure drama film directed by Walter Salles. It is an adaptation of the 1957 novel of the same name by Jack Kerouac. The film stars an ensemble cast featuring Garrett Hedlund Sam Riley Kristen Stewart Amy Adams Tom Sturridge Danny Morgan Alice Braga Elisabeth Moss Kirsten Dunst and Viggo Mortensen. The executive producer was Francis Ford Coppola.
 Sally of the Subway is a 1932 American crime film directed by George B. Seitz.
 12 Monkeys is a 1995 American science fiction film directed by Terry Gilliam inspired by Chris Marker's 1962 short film La Jetée and starring Bruce Willis Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt with Christopher Plummer and David Morse in supporting roles.
 The Frontier (Spanish: La Frontera) is a 1991 Chilean film directed by Ricardo Larraín and starring Patricio Contreras and Gloria Laso. Larraín won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement at the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Venetian Nights (French: Nuits de Venise) is a 1931 German French-language operetta film directed by Pierre Billon and Robert Wiene and starring Janine Guise Germaine Noizet and Roger Tréville. It was an alternative-language version of the 1931 film The Love Express made at the Emelka Studios in Munich.
 True As Steel is a 1924 drama film directed and written by Rupert Hughes.
 Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American coming-of-age comedy film written produced and directed by John Hughes.The film follows high school senior Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) who decides to skip school and spend the day in downtown Chicago.
 Poola Rangadu is a 24 November 1967 Tollywood film that is loosely based on A. J. Cronin's novel Beyond This Place. It was directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and stars ANR and Jamuna. It is a commercial hit film with some good songs.
 Bangkok Girl is a documentary film that was both produced and directed by Jordan Clark. It is a low-budget film having cost $10000 to produce and takes sex tourism in Bangkok as its subject. Bangkok Girl is 43 minutes long and focuses on Pla a bargirl who is 19 years old and who guides Clark through the city. The film explores Pla's background and how she came to be where she is.
 Inception is a 2010 British-American science fiction heist thriller film written co-produced and directed by Christopher Nolan. The film stars a large ensemble cast that includes Leonardo DiCaprio Ellen Page Joseph Gordon-Levitt Marion Cotillard Ken Watanabe Tom Hardy Dileep Rao Cillian Murphy Tom Berenger and Michael Caine. DiCaprio plays Dom Cobb a professional thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets.
 Repeat Performance (1947) is a film of the film noir style. It combines elements of a 1940s drama with a science fiction twist. The film was released by Poverty Row studio Eagle-Lion Films directed by Alfred L. Werker and produced by Aubrey Schenck.
 Johny I Love You is an Indian film directed by Rakesh Kumar and released in 1982. The movie stars Sanjay Dutt Rati Agnihotri Amrish Puri Suresh Oberoi.
 Love Exists (French: L'Amour existe) is a short documentary essay made in 1960 written and directed by Maurice Pialat and produced by Pierre Braunberger.
 Rude Awakening is a 1989 comedy film directed by David Greenwalt and Aaron Russo.
 Legends Of Lust (風月奇譚) is a 1972 Hong Kong adult comedy film.
 Hasee Toh Phasee (English: She Smiles She's Snared!) is a 2014 Indian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Vinil Mathew and produced by Karan Johar and Anurag Kashyap. The film features Parineeti Chopra Sidharth Malhotra and Adah Sharma in the lead roles. The film was released on 7 February 2014 and received positive reviews.
 Second Chance is a 1953 American color thriller directed by Rudolph Maté. The picture shot on location in Mexico in 3-Dimension features Robert Mitchum Linda Darnell and Jack Palance. It is notable as the first RKO film produced in 3D.
 The Cheerful Squadron (Italian: L'allegro squadrone French: Les gaietés de l'escadron) is a 1954 Italian-French war-comedy film directed by Paolo Moffa.
 36 Hours released in the United States as Terror Street is a 1953 British film noir directed by Montgomery Tully. It was made by Hammer Film Productions.
 Chek Deth is a 1972 Khmer film directed by Yvon Hem. The film stars Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 The Vice of Humanity (German: Laster der Menschheit) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Asta Nielsen Werner Krauss and Alfred Abel.
 American Ninja V is a 1993 action/adventure sequel starring David Bradley and Lee Reyes. It was directed by Bobby Jean Leonard and written by John Bryant Hedberg Greg Latter and George Saunders. The film is set in Los Angeles Rome and Venezuela. This film was not originally intended to be part of the American Ninja franchise.
 Into Thin Air: Death on Everest is a made-for-TV movie based on the book Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer. The film is directed by Robert Markowitz and written by Robert J. Avrech. The film tells the story of the 1996 Mount Everest disaster. It was released on November 9 1997.
 Game is an upcoming action thriller Bengali film directed by Baba Yadav and produced by Reliance Entertainment and Grassroot Entertainment under the banner of Reliance Entertainment and Grassroot Entertainment and distributed by Jalsha Movies Production. The film features actors Jeet and Subhasree Ganguly in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Jeet Ganguly.The film is the remake of 2012 Tamil film Thuppakki starring Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal in the Lead roles.
 Sad Fairy Tale (Chinese: 傷心童話) is a 2012 Chinese-South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Zhengchao Xu. The story is adapted from true events in the life of Wang Xiao Yi(汪小一） friend of the director.
 The Brainiac (Spanish title: El barón del terror) is a 1962 Mexican horror film directed by Chano Urueta and written by Federico Curiel Adolfo López Portillo and Antonio Orellana. The film stars Abel Salazar and Germán Robles.
 Wiggle Time is the first full-length feature home video from The Wiggles. It was released in 1993. It contains songs from the albums The Wiggles Here Comes a Song and Stories and Songs: The Adventures of Captain Feathersword the Friendly Pirate. It also contains 2 songs recorded such as Fruit Salad and Marching Along. The characters Captain Feathersword Dorothy the Dinosaur and Henry the Octopus also make their first appearances.
 Oggi sposi is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.
 Kif Tebbi is a 1928 Italian silent war film directed by Mario Camerini. The film portrays the Italo-Turkish War. A young Italian-educated Libyan nobleman is summoned to fight for the Ottoman Empire when war breaks out in 1911 but eventually decides to change sides and support Italy.The film promoted the Italian Fascist regime's imperial policies in Libya and in wider Africa.
 La Casta Susana is a 1944 Argentine film released on October 11 1944.
 The Mermaid is a 1964 Hong Kong movie of the Huangmei Opera genre.
 Antitrust (also titled Conspiracy.com and Startup) is a 2001 thriller film written by Howard Franklin and directed by Peter Howitt.Antitrust portrays young idealistic programmers and a large corporation (NURV) that offers significant money a low-key working environment and creative opportunities for those talented programmers willing to work for them.
 The Beginning or the End (1947) is a docudrama film about the development of the atomic bomb in World War II directed by Norman Taurog starring Brian Donlevy and Hume Cronyn and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film dramatizes the creation of the atomic bomb in the Manhattan Project and the subsequent bombing of Hiroshima.
 American Samurai is a martial-arts action film starring David Bradley and Mark Dacascos and produced by Cannon Films. The movie was filmed in Turkey and released in the U.S. in 1992. This movie represents the first major role for actor Mark Alan Dacascos.
 Fancy Baggage (1929) is an early drama film released by Warner Brothers in both a silent version and a part-talkie version. The movie starred Audrey Ferris and Myrna Loy.
 Shaolin Warrior (Orig. Po jie da shi) is a 1984 kung fu film directed by Chia-Liang Liu. It is originally a Cantonese language film.
 Beyond the Game is a 2008 Dutch documentary film about the world of professional video gaming most notably as related to the game Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne featuring world champion players Chinese Xiaofeng Li (Sky) Dutch Manuel Schenkhuizen (Grubby) and Swede Fredrik Johansson (MaDFroG) prominently. It is directed by award winning Dutch documentary filmmaker Jos de Putter. Filming took place in China France The Netherlands USA and Sweden.
 Khosla Ka Ghosla (Hindi: खोसला का घोसला; English: Khosla's Nest) is a 2006 Indian comedy drama film directed by Dibakar Banerjee in his directorial debut. It stars Anupam Kher and Boman Irani. Though made on a small budget this film managed to do very well at the box office. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi for 2006.
 Jump In! is a 2007 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on January 12 2007. It was released on Disney Channel UK on April 27 2007. The film starring Corbin Bleu and Keke Palmer revolves around a young boxer Izzy Daniels (Corbin Bleu) who trains to follow in his father's footsteps by winning the Golden Glove.
 Bachelor Girl is a 1988 Australian TV movie.
 Dazed and Confused is a 1993 coming of age comedy film written and directed by Richard Linklater. The film features a large ensemble cast of actors who would later become stars including Matthew McConaughey Jason London Ben Affleck Milla Jovovich Cole Hauser Parker Posey Adam Goldberg Joey Lauren Adams Nicky Katt and Rory Cochrane. The plot follows various groups of teenagers during the last day of school in the summer of 1976.The film grossed less than $8 million at the U.S.
 The Golden Bed is a silent 1925 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It is based on a novel Tomorrow's Bread by Wallace Irwin. Jeanie MacPherson wrote the screenplay. Prints of the film survive in the film archive at George Eastman House.
 Never Apologize is a 2007 documentary film of actor Malcolm McDowell's one man show about his experiences working with film director Lindsay Anderson.
 Adolphe is a 2002 film based on the novel Adolphe by Benjamin Constant. The film was directed by Benoît Jacquot and starred Isabelle Adjani as Ellénore and Stanislas Merhar as Adolphe.
 Everyman's War is an independent narrative feature war film directed by Thad Smith. It was released on DVD in the U.S. on May 18 2010 by Virgil Films & Entertainment and in 43 countries internationally by Koan Entertainment. Additionally it was released in Spain by Paramount Pictures in May 2010 under the title Los héroes de Las Árdenas. Based on the true story of Sgt. Don Smith of the 94th Infantry Division.
 American Desi is a 2001 American film with Indian influence notable for featuring many prominent South Asian American actors. Also featured is an a cappella version of Nazia Hassan's Urdu classic Aap Jaisa Koi sung by Penn Masala and originally from the movie Qurbani. The term Desi in the title refers to the peoples and cultures of the Indian subcontinent.
 Yeh Mohabbat Hai is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Umesh Mehra starring Rahul Bhatt Johnny Lever Parikshit Sahni Akanksha Malhotra Mohnish Behl Gulshan Grover Arbaaz Khan Nasir Khan and Danny Denzongpa
 American Stories Food Family and Philosophy (French: Histoires d'Amérique) is a 1989 Belgian drama film directed by Chantal Akerman. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Lust for Life (1956) is a MGM (Metrocolor) biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh based on the 1934 novel by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin.It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman. The film stars Kirk Douglas as Van Gogh James Donald as his brother Theo Pamela Brown Everett Sloane and Anthony Quinn who won an Oscar for his performance as Van Gogh's fast friend and rival Paul Gauguin.
 A Very Brady Christmas is a 1988 movie based on the television series The Brady Bunch featuring all of the original actors who appeared in the series except for Susan Olsen who was on her honeymoon when the film was being made.
 In Love and War is a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie directed by John Kent Harrison. It is based on the book Love and War in the Apennines by Eric Newby. It was filmed in Italy and stars Callum Blue and Barbora Bobulova. The presentation aired on CBS on November 18 2001.
 Kiss Kiss (Bang Bang) is a 2000 English comedy film written and directed by Stewart Sugg. It features Stellan Skarsgård Chris Penn and Paul Bettany.
 Number Two (French: Numéro deux) by Jean-Luc Godard and Anne-Marie Miéville is a 1975 experimental film about a young family in a social housing complex in France. The film's distinct style involves presenting two images on screen simultaneously leading to multiple interpretations of the story and to comments on the film-making and editing process.
 Paranormal Activity 2: Tokyo Night (パラノーマル・アクティビティ 第2章 TOKYO NIGHT Paranōmaru Akutibiti Dai Ni Shō: Tōkyō Naito) is a 2010 Japanese independent supernatural horror film written and directed by Toshikazu Nagae. Commissioned by the Japanese distributor Presidio Corporation the film is based on the 2007 American film Paranormal Activity and documents events that follow from the original film. Paranormal Activity 2: Tokyo Night was screened at various locations across Japan by Cinema Sunshine.
 Looking for a Home (やどさがし Yadosagashi) was written directed and produced by Hayao Miyazaki for Studio Ghibli. The short film originally released on January 3 2006 and is shown only in the Saturn Theater at the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka Japan. The short is 12 minutes long.
 Apocalipsur (English: Apocalipsouth ) is a 2005 Colombian drama film written and directed by Javier Mejía Osorio. It won the National Film Announcement of the Colombian Ministry of Culture in 2002. The film was chosen as the best film at the Cartagena Film Festival in 2007.
 Drift Fence is a 1936 American film directed by Otho Lovering. The film is also known as Texas Desperadoes (American reissue title).
 Dil Ki Rahen is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. Music composed by Madan Mohan. The film stars Rakesh Pandey and Rehana Sultan .
 The Crop is a 2004 Australian comedy film set during the 1980s.
 Fast Freight is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film. It was the 85th Our Gang short that was released.
 Jesse Stone: Benefit of the Doubt is a 2012 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who returns from his forced retirement after his replacement is blown up in the town police car.
 The Night Before Christmas (Russian: Ночь пе́ред Рождество́м Noch pered Rozhdestvom) is a 1951 Soviet animated film directed by the Brumberg sisters and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow. The film is based on Nikolai Gogol's story The Night Before Christmas.The animation features heavy use of rotoscoping known as Éclair in the Soviet Union and is an example of the Socialist-Realist period in Russian animation.
 The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post-apocalyptic neo-Western and action film directed by the Hughes brothers written by Gary Whitta and starring Denzel Washington Gary Oldman Mila Kunis Ray Stevenson and Jennifer Beals.The story revolves around Eli a nomad in a post-apocalyptic world who is told by a voice to deliver his copy of a mysterious book to a safe location on the West Coast of the United States.
 Kartoos is a 1999 film directed by Mahesh Bhatt and starring Sanjay Dutt Jackie Shroff and Manisha Koirala. It is the last release of Mahesh Bhatt as a director. The film borrows its plot idea from the 1993 film Point of No Return (film) which in turn a remake of French film Nikita where Bridget Fonda essays a role very similar to that of Sanjay Dutt.
 Christmas in Kabul is a CBC Christmas special about comedian Rick Mercer going to Afghanistan to bring Christmas cheer to the Canadian troops stationed outside Kabul.Music stars Damhnait Doyle Kevin Fox and Tom Cochrane accompanied Mercer to Camp Julien where many of the troops live in large tents.It originally aired December 21 2003 on CBC.
 Good Luck is a 2000 released Tamil film. The movie stars Prashanth Riya Sen and Raghuvaran. The film is directed and produced by Manoj Bhatnagar.
 La Fiesta de todos is a 1979 Argentine film produced by the Ente Autartico Mundial 1978 (EAM´78)organization in charge of the organization of the 1978 FIFA World Cup where with a cast of Argentine actors like Luis Sandrini and other shows the feeling of the Argentinian people towards the event.
 Anthropos yia oles tis doulies (Greek: Άνθρωπος για όλες τις δουλειές) is a 1966 Greek film directed by Giorgos Konstantinou written by Giorgos Konstantinou and Hristos Kyriakos and a production of Roussopuloi Company.
 My Best Friend's Girl (French: La Femme de mon pote) is a 1983 French comedy film directed by Bertrand Blier and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 The Shrimp on the Barbie is a 1990 comedy film directed by Michael Gottlieb (under the pseudonym Alan Smithee) and starring Cheech Marin. In Australia the film was released as The Boyfriend from Hell. The title is derived from a line in a 1980s series of popular ads starring Paul Hogan promoting tourism to Australia: I'll slip an extra shrimp on the barbie for you.
 Lady Blue Shanghai is a 16-minute internet promotion motion picture for Dior starring Marion Cotillard Gong Tao Emily Stofle Cheng Hong Lu Yong and Nie Fei. It was written directed and edited by David Lynch with music by David Lynch Dean Hurley and Nathaniel Shilkret. There are prominent dreamlike effects and special attention to background music as is common in Lynch films.
 Girls' Night Out (처녀들의 저녁식사 - Cheonyeodeul-ui jeonyeoksiksa) is a South Korean film released in 1998 and directed by Im Sang-soo. It centers around three women whose overt sexual dialogue caused a stir when the film was released.This film is not yet available with English subtitles.
 Primrose Path is a 1940 film about a young woman determined not to follow the profession of her mother and grandmother prostitution. It stars Ginger Rogers and Joel McCrea. The film was based on the play of the same name by Robert L. Buckner and Walter Hart and the novel February Hill by Victoria Lincoln (uncredited for legal reasons).Marjorie Rambeau was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Nunca pasa nada or Nothing Ever Happens is a 1963 Spanish-French drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. Starring a mixed cast of French and Spanish actors it was shot both in Spanish and French. It was a commercial flop at its time. The film was entered into the Venice Film Festival.
 I Killed My Lesbian Wife Hung Her on a Meat Hook and Now I Have a Three-Picture Deal at Disney is a 1993 short satirical film directed by Ben Affleck from a screenplay by Kamala Lopez and Jay Lacopo. The film is Affleck's first directorial effort.
 St. Elmo is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Jerome Storm. Distributed by Fox Film Corporation the film is based on the 1867 novel of the same name written by Augusta Jane Evans. Today St. Elmo is a lost film.
 Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert a.k.a. Les Misérables in Concert is a concert version of the musical Les Misérables produced to celebrate its 10th anniversary. It was filmed in October 1995 at the Royal Albert Hall and released on DVD VHS and LD in 1998 and re-released on DVD in North America in 2008. The latest DVD presents the concert in its original 16x9 ratio. Although filmed with HD cameras a Blu-ray edition has not been released yet.
 The Mango Tree is a 1977 Australian drama film directed by Kevin Dobson and starring Geraldine Fitzgerald and Sir Robert Helpmann. Lead actor Christopher Pate is the son of actor Michael Pate who also produced the film.
 Aaghaaz (Hindi: आगाज़; Translated: Start) is a 2000 Indian Bollywood mobster action film directed by Yogesh Ishwar. It is the remake of a Telugu movie Shivaiah which was also produced by D. Suresh Babu.
 Gorintaku is a Telugu film released on 4 July 2008 and was directed by V.R. Prathap and starring Dr. Rajasekhar and Meera Jasmine. The film was a remake of the successful Kannada Movie Anna Thangi. The film was dubbed and released in Tamil as Marudhani with an additional comedy track added for Tamil version.
 Rajasthan is a 1999 Telugu language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Sarathkumar and Vijayashanti in lead roles whilst Brahmanandam Prakash Raj and Devan play supporting roles. The film was later dubbed into Tamil under the same name with some scenes re-shot with local actors.
 La Détente is a 2011 short French film directed by Pierre Ducos and Betrand Bey. It has won several prizes including Best of show award at SIGGRAPH Asia 2011 and Best Animation award at the Sapporo International Short Film Festival. The film tells the story of a French soldier in World War I who becomes paralyzed with fear while in the trenches. He escapes in his head to an imaginary world where toys fight wars instead of humans.
 A New Love Ishtory is a 2013 Bollywood comedy film written by Vipul K Rawal and directed by John Matthew Matthan. The film will star Himesh Reshammiya Niharika Singh and Rakesh Bapat. It released on 29 September 2013 in India only.
 Summer Wars (サマーウォーズ Samā Wōzu) is a 2009 Japanese animated science fiction film directed by Mamoru Hosoda animated by Madhouse and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film's voice cast includes Ryunosuke Kamiki Nanami Sakuraba Mitsuki Tanimura Sumiko Fuji and Ayumu Saitō. The film tells the story of Kenji Koiso a timid eleventh-grade math genius who is taken to Ueda by twelfth-grade student Natsuki Shinohara to celebrate her great-grandmother's 90th birthday.
 Operación rosa rosa (English: Operation Pink Rose) is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Polish-born director Leo Fleider. The film was written by and starred the singer Sandro de América.
 Madu Tiga (Three Wives) is a 1964 black-and-white Malaysian comedy film directed by and starring Malaysian artiste P. Ramlee.
 A Hungarian Fairy Tale (original title: Hol volt hol nem volt) is a 1987 Hungarian film directed by Gyula Gazdag.
 Aadaminte Vaariyellu is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by K.G. George and starring Srividya Suhasini and Soorya. The film handles issues of women.
 For the science of flight see Aerodynamics.The Theory of Flight is a 1998 film directed by Paul Greengrass starring Helena Bonham Carter and Kenneth Branagh. Bonham Carter plays a woman with motor neurone disease and the film deals with the sexuality of people with disabilities.
 Madrasta (Stepmother) is a 1996 Filipino movie directed by Olivia Lamasan starring Sharon Cuneta and Christopher De Leon. The family drama clinched the Megastar a Grandslam Best Actress honor garnering best actress recognition from all major award-giving bodies in the Philippines while its strong showing at the box-office conferred to Sharon another Box-Office Queen award. The Star Cinema produced drama was Sharon's first movie outside her home studio of more than twenty years Viva Films.
 The Shadow of the Cat is a 1961 British horror film directed by John Gilling for Hammer Film Productions. It stars André Morell and Barbara Shelley. It was photographed in black-and-white by Arthur Grant.
 For other uses see In the Flesh (disambiguation)In the Flesh is a 1998 independent gay-themed murder mystery film produced written and directed by Ben Taylor. It is set in Atlanta Georgia where it was filmed on a very low budget according to the writer-director. It tells how two gay men on both sides of the law are brought together as intimate friends amid the dark events and circumstances that surround them.
 Leo is a 2000 Spanish drama film written and directed by José Luis Borau and starring Icíar Bollaín and Javier Batanero. It was nominated for six Goya Awards in 2001 and won the award for Best Director. It was also entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Alien Nation: Dark Horizon (original airdate: October 25 1994) is a television movie made as a continuation of the Alien Nation television series. Produced by the Fox Network Alien Nation lasted a single season ending in 1990 with a cliffhanger series finale. Dark Horizon was written to be the season opener for the second season but when the series was unexpectedly canceled and looked like it might never return to television the plot was published as a book.
 I Can't Go Home is a 2007 Lebanese film and the third film directed by Joana Hadjithomas and Khalil Joreige.This film was selected in the Atelier of the Cinefondation at 2007 Cannes Film Festival
 Herbie: Fully Loaded is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Angela Robinson and produced by Robert Simonds for Walt Disney Pictures. It stars Lindsay Lohan as the youngest member of an automobile-racing family Michael Keaton as her father Matt Dillon as a competing racer Breckin Meyer as her brother and Justin Long as friend and mechanic. The film features cameos by many NASCAR drivers including Jeff Gordon Jimmie Johnson Tony Stewart Dale Earnhardt Jr. Mark Martin.
 April Showers is a silent romantic film with Colleen Moore.
 Chinna Mapillai (English: Younger Son-in-law) is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language film starring Prabhu Ganesan and Sukanya in lead roles. The film was a commercial success upon release in January 1993. It was remade in Telugu as Chinna Alludu (1993) in Hindi as Coolie No.1 (1995) and in Kannada as Coolie Raja (1999).
 The Christ Of Nanjing (Chinese: 南京的基督) is a 1995 erotic-romantic drama film directed by Tony Au starring Tony Leung Ka Fai and Yasuko Tomita. The film is based on the work of famed Japanese novelist Akutagawa Ryunosuke. Yasuko Tomita won the award for best actress at 1995 Tokyo International Film Festival for her performance.
 Why We Fight directed by Eugene Jarecki is a 2005 documentary film about the military–industrial complex. The title refers to the World War II-era eponymous propaganda movies commissioned by the U.S. Government to justify their decision to enter the war against the Axis Powers.Why We Fight was first screened at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival on 17 January 2005 exactly forty-four years after President Dwight D. Eisenhower's farewell address.
 The Kid with the Broken Halo is a 1982 made-for-television movie starring Gary Coleman Robert Guillaume June Allyson Mason Adams and Ray Walston about a wise-cracking angel-in-training (Coleman) who needs constant help from his frustrated heavenly teacher. The comedy was directed by Leslie H. Martinson and written by George Kirgo.It inspired an animated series called The Gary Coleman Show.
 Last Stand at Saber River is a 1997 American Western television film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Tom Selleck Suzy Amis Haley Joel Osment and Rachel Duncan. The film also features Tracey Needham Keith Carradine David Carradine and Harry Carey Jr.. Based on the 1959 novel of the same title by Elmore Leonard the film is about a Civil War veteran who tries to put the pieces of his life back together but finds himself fighting a new battle on the frontier.
 Tales from the Darkside: The Movie is a 1990 American horror anthology film directed by John Harrison based on the anthology television series Tales from the Darkside. The film shot in anthology style depicts a kidnapped paperboy who tells three stories of horror to the suburban witch who is preparing to eat him à la Hansel and Gretel.The film is sometimes said to have been intended as Creepshow 3 a sequel to George A. Romero and Stephen King's popular horror anthology Creepshow.
 The Musician Killer (French: L'Assassin musicien) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Anna Karina.
 Kampili in Karnataka was ruled by Dhevaraaya who had successfully resisted the Yadavas Seunas Kakathiyas and Hoysalas. His son Kumara Rama (1290–1320) a great hero was exiled due to the intrigues of his step mother. He belonged to the Nayaka lineage of kings.His brother-in-law was Sangama the father of the founders of Vijayanagara Empire (Hakka-Bukka).Gandugali Kumara Rama is a historical directed by Bhragava starring Shivarajkumar in the lead.
 Night Crossing is a 1982 Disney film starring John Hurt Jane Alexander and Beau Bridges. The film is based on the true story of the Strelzyk and Wetzel families who on September 16 1979 escaped from East Germany to West Germany in a homemade hot air balloon during the days of the Berlin Wall when emigration to West Germany was strictly prohibited by the East German government. It was directed by Delbert Mann.
 Nightbreed (also Night Breed on publicity material) is a 1990 American fantasy horror film written and directed by Clive Barker based on his 1988 novella Cabal. The film features Craig Sheffer as Aaron Boone an unstable mental patient led to believe by his doctor (David Cronenberg) that he is a serial killer.
 Imperiale (Greek: Βυζαντινή Ραψωδία translit. Vyzantini rapsodia) is a 1968 Greek drama film directed by George Skalenakis. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 [citation needed]Barefoot Gen: PART3 Battle of Hiroshima (はだしのゲン PART3 ヒロシマのたたかい Hadashi no Gen: PART3 Hiroshima no Tatakai) is the live-action film of Barefoot Gen Part3 in 1980.
 Bachelor Flat is a 1962 American comedy film starring Terry-Thomas Tuesday Weld Richard Beymer and Celeste Holm. Filmed in CinemaScope in Malibu the film is a revised version of director Frank Tashlin's own Susan Slept Here of 1954.
 Mr. Girisham is a comedy film starring with Krishna Bhagavan and Ramya Krishna directed by Vishwaprasad and produced by Ramesh Babu. The film is based on Popular Telugu Play Kanyasulkam written by renowned personality Gurazada Apparao.
 Wall of Hits is the first compilation of music videos from English rock band Slade. The compilation was titled after the audio/CD compilation of the same year. It was released by Polygram Video. The compilation only exists on VHS and is now out of print never being released onto DVD. All videos from this compilation do exist on the 2005 DVD compilation The Very Best of Slade though.
 One Perfect Day (Hangul: 사랑의 가위바위보; RR: Sarangui Gawibawibo; lit.
 Eye of the Dolphin is a 2006 American drama film written by Wendell Morris and directed by Michael Sellers. It starred Carly Schroeder Adrian Dunbar George Harris Katharine Ross and Christine Adams. The film released on August 21 2007.A sequel entitled Beneath the Blue was released on October 24 2010 starring Paul Wesley and Caitlin Wachs
 Nahar we leil is a 2006 film.
 My Kid Could Paint That is a 2007 documentary film by director Amir Bar-Lev. The movie follows the early artistic career of Marla Olmstead a young girl from Binghamton New York who gains fame first as a child prodigy painter of abstract art and then becomes the subject of controversy concerning whether she truly completed the paintings herself or did so with her parents' assistance and/or direction.
 The Way He Looks (Portuguese: Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho – Today I Want to go Back Alone) is a 2014 Brazilian coming-of-age drama film based on the 2010 short film I Don't Want to Go Back Alone (Eu Não Quero Voltar Sozinho). It was directed written and co-produced by Daniel Ribeiro and stars Ghilherme Lobo Fabio Audi and Tess Amorim reprising their roles from the short. The Way He Looks opened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2014.
 House of Wax is a 1953 American horror film starring Vincent Price. It is a remake of Warners' Mystery of the Wax Museum (1933) without the comic relief featured in the earlier film and was directed by André de Toth. It is perhaps the best-known film from the 3-D film craze of the 1950s. In 2005 Warner Bros.
 Pähkähullu Suomi (Insane Finland) is a 1967 comedy by Spede Pasanen. It is occasionally cited as one of the best sources for his abstract sense of humour since the film has very little in the sense of plot and is more of a montage of various events. Some critics tend to call the film a feature-length travel advertisement of Finland rather than a movie because the main-characters manage to effectively cover every Finnish tourist-trap in the duration of the film.
 Facundo el tigre de los llanos is a 1952 Argentine drama film directed by Miguel P. Tato and Carlos F. Borcosque.
 Of Life and Love (Italian: Questa è la vita) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi Giorgio Pastina Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa.
 Chanti is a 1992 Telugu drama film a remake version of Tamil film Chinna Thambi. Directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty. The film stars Venkatesh and Meena in pivotal roles with original soundtrack was composed by Illayaraja. The movie was again remade in Hindi as Anari (1993) with Venkatesh and Karishma Kapoor in lead roles. The Telugu film was a musical blockbuster.The film was the first film to cross 100 days in more than 40 direct centers that was an industry record that time.
 'Les Dalton' is a 2004 French Western comedy film directed by Philippe Haïm. It was inspired by the characters The Daltons in the comic Lucky Luke. It was filmed in France Germany and Spain. It was released 8 December 2004. The comic had previously inspired several films in particular La Ballade des Dalton (1978). The film's budget of $42 million makes it one of the most expensive non-English language films.
 Ab Dilli Dur Nahin is a 1957 Bollywood film directed by Amar Kumar and written by Rajinder Singh Bedi and Muhafiz Hyder. The film was produced by Raj Kapoor and starred Yakub Anwar Hussain Motilal Nand Kishore and Jagdeep.
 Sans laisser de traces (also known as Immaculate Traceless Indelible and Indélébile) is a 2010 French Crime film and Grégoire Vigneron's directorial debut.
 The Monte Carlo Story (1957) is an Italian comedy-drama film production made by Titanus and distributed by United Artists. Samuel A. Taylor directed and also wrote the screenplay based on a story by Marcello Girosi and Dino Risi. Marcello Girosi produced the film which was the first shot in the Technirama process. Jean Louis designed the costumes.The film stars Marlene Dietrich and Vittorio De Sica with Arthur O'Connell Natalie Trundy Mischa Auer and Renato Rascel.
 Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret (We were at least lucky with the weather) is a Swedish TV comedy film directed by Kjell Sundvall. It had premiere in Sveriges Television on 27 February 1980.. In 2008 it was followed by the film Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret – igen.
 I Don't Want to Be a Man (German: Ich möchte kein Mann sein) is a 1918 German film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
 Audition (オーディション Ōdishon) is a 1999 Japanese psychological horror film directed by Takashi Miike and starring Ryo Ishibashi and Eihi Shiina. It is based on a Ryu Murakami novel of the same title from a screenplay by Daisuke Tengan. The film was screened at the 1999 Vancouver International Film Festival and was released theatrically in Japan on March 3 2000. Over the years the film has developed a cult following.
 The Scoundrel (Azerbaijani: Yaramaz Russian: Мерзавец) is a full-length Azerbaijani film shot in Baku in 1988. Directed by Vagif Mustafayev this comedy film exposes the corruption and the decadence of the late Soviet bureaucracy in Azerbaijan SSR through the eyes of a naive Azerbaijani adult man Hatem played by Georgian actor Mamuka Kikaleishvili.
 Rock the Casbah is a 2013 French-Moroccan drama film written and directed by Laïla Marrakchi. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 La chamuscada (The Charred) is a 1971 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 The Free Will (German: Der freie Wille) is a 2006 German drama film directed by Matthias Glasner. It premiered in competition at the 56th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2006 and was awarded two prizes: Jürgen Vogel received the Silver Bear for Outstanding Artistic Achievement and director Matthias Glasner received the Prize of the Guild of German Art House Cinemas.
 The Brothers McMullen is a 1995 American comedy-drama film written directed produced by and starring Edward Burns. It deals with the lives of the three Irish Catholic McMullen brothers from Long Island New York over three months as they grapple with basic ideas and values — love sex marriage religion and family — in the 1990s.
 Acción mutante is a 1993 Spanish science fiction black comedy film co-written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia and produced by among others Pedro Almodóvar.
 Us Two (French: À nous deux) is a 1979 French drama film directed by Claude Lelouch. It was shown out of competition at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 Touch of Pink is a 2004 Canadian-British gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid. The film takes its title from the Cary Grant film That Touch of Mink.
 Little Dieter Needs to Fly is a 1997 documentary film made for German television written and directed by Werner Herzog produced by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion. The film was released to DVD in 1998 by Anchor Bay.
 Jews of Egypt (Arabic: عن يهود مصر‎) is an Egyptian documentary film produced by Haitham El-Khameesy and directed by Amir Ramses the film is also cowritten and researched by Mostafa Youssef. It documented the history of the Jewish people in Egypt. Alastair Beach of The Independent said that the film was [b]illed as the first film of this kind to be allowed out on general release.
 Summer Things (French: Embrassez qui vous voudrez; Italian: Baciate chi vi pare) is a 2002 French-Italian-British film directed by Michel Blanc based on the novel of the same name by Joseph Connolly. Karin Viard won the César Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as Véronique.
 The Long Day Closes is a 1992 British film directed and written by Terence Davies. It starred Marjorie Yates Leigh McCormack and Anthony Watson. It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival. The film is set in Liverpool in mid-1950s. The story concerns 11 year old Bud and his loving mother and siblings. Bud struggles to adapt to life at a new school where he meets some bullies. He takes refuge at the cinema which he loves.
 Sar Utha Ke Jiyo is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sikander Bharti starring Naseeruddin Shah Madhoo Manek Bedi Raza Murad Kiran Kumar and Gulshan Grover.
 En Uyir Thozhanis a Tamil language film directed by Bharathiraja. The film was released in Feb 16 1990. The music was composed by Ilayaraja and lyrics by Gangai amaran. The film revolves around activist of a political party and his demise.
 On with the Motley (Italian: Amleto e il suo clown) is a 1920 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Hawley's of High Street is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Leslie Fuller Judy Kelly Francis Lister and Moore Marriott. Its plot concerns a butcher and a draper who stand for election to the local council.
 The White Hen is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Frank Richardson and starring Mary Glynne Leslie Faber and Pat Somerset. It was based on a novel by Phyllis Campbell.
 Carlitinhos is a 1921 Brazilian short film comedy directed by José Medina.
 Centered in the Universe is a fulldome presentation that premiered the evening of October 29 2006 at the Galactic Gala which marked the reopening of the renovated Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles. The 33-minute planetarium program utilizes a Zeiss Universarium star projector and an innovative laser video projection system developed by Evans & Sutherland to create an immersive environment. A live presenter narrates the script.
 The Demi-Bride is a 1927 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard depicting the naughtiness synonymous with Paris at the time. The film is considered lost.
 Dr. Black Mr. Hyde is a 1976 blaxploitation horror film. It was loosely inspired by the novella The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson. The film stars Bernie Casey and Rosalind Cash and was directed by William Crain who had also directed the successful Blacula for American International Pictures in 1972.
 Jim Hanvey Detective is a 1937 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Poison Pen is a 1939 British psychological drama directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Flora Robson Reginald Tate and Ann Todd. The film is an adaptation of a novel by Welsh author Richard Llewellyn. Poison Pen is essentially a B-movie but enjoys a high reputation for its economy pace sustained tension and what is labelled its magnificent cast.
 Five is a made-for-television movie which was first aired on Lifetime on October 10 2011. See also Call Me Crazy: A Five Film.
 Antonia's Line (Original title: Antonia) is a 1995 Dutch film written and directed by Marleen Gorris. The film described as a feminist fairy tale tells the story of the independent Antonia (Willeke van Ammelrooy) who after returning to the anonymous Dutch village of her birth establishes and nurtures a close-knit matriarchal community. The film covers a breadth of topics with themes ranging from death and religion to sex intimacy lesbianism friendship and love.
 I Thank You is a 1941 British comedy filmdirected by Marcel Varnel and starring Arthur Askey Richard Murdoch Graham Moffatt and Moore Marriott. It was produced by Edward Black at Gainsborough Pictures.
 Captain America is a 1944 Republic black-and-white serial film loosely based on the Timely Comics (today known as Marvel Comics) character Captain America. It was the last Republic serial made about a superhero. It also has the distinction of being the most expensive serial that Republic ever made.
 Devdas is a 1935 Hindi film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novella Devdas. Directed by Pramathesh Barua it stars K.L. Saigal as Devdas Jamuna Barua as Parvati (Paro) and T. R. Rajakumari as Chandramukhi. This was Barua's second of three language versions the first being in Bengali and the third in Assamese.
 Freaks is a 1932 American Pre-Code horror film about sideshow performers directed and produced by Tod Browning and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with a cast mostly composed of actual carnival performers. The film was based on Tod Robbins' 1923 short fiction story Spurs.
 Mere Hamdam Mere Dost is a 1968 film starring Dharmendra Sharmila Tagore Rehman Mumtaz and Om Prakash. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri. The film is directed by Amar Kumar and produced by Kewal Kumar under the production banner Kawaljit Productions.The film was rated above average at the Box Office.
 Coming Home is a 1998 British serial directed by Giles Foster. The teleplay by John Goldsmith is based on the novel of the same title by Rosamunde Pilcher. Produced by Yorkshire Television it was broadcast in two parts by ITV in April 1998.
 La otra alcoba (English: The other bedroom) is a 1976 Spanish film written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia. It stars Patxi Andión Amparo Muñoz and Simón Andreu. The plot follows the beautiful wife of a prosperous business man who starts an affair with a man of a humble background in order to have the child that she cannot have with her sterile husband.The film was shot in Madrid and Navacerrada.
 Toy Soldiers is a 1991 American action drama film directed by Daniel Petrie Jr. with a screenplay by Petrie and David Koepp. It stars Sean Astin Wil Wheaton Louis Gossett Jr. Andrew Divoff Mason Adams and Denholm Elliott.The plot revolves around an all-male boarding school overtaken by terrorists. While the authorities remain helpless a group of rebellious and mischievous students decide to put their resourcefulness to good use.
 An Ordinary Miracle (Russian: Обыкновенное чудо translit. Obyknovennoye chudo) is a Soviet 1978 musical film a love story by Mark Zakharov based on a play by Yevgeni Shvarts. This is the second screen version of the play; the first one was filmed in 1964 by Erast Garin.Leonid Serebrennikov performed the main theme in the film (Nelepo smeshno bezrassudno bezumno volshebno..). Music by Gennadi Gladkov. Lyrics by Yuli Kim.
 Duas Mulheres is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by João Mário Grilo.
 The Hunt for the BTK Killer is a 2005 biographical telefilm directed by Stephen T. Kay. First shown on CBS it is based on the true story of Dennis Rader killing ten people from 1974 to 1991. Though the events take place in Wichita Kansas the film was made in Nova Scotia.
 The Christian Licorice Store is a 1971 film drama directed by James Frawley. It stars Beau Bridges and Maud Adams. The unusual title is not explained in the film.
 Khuda Kasam is a Hindi action film directed by K C Bokadia and produced by Amit Kumar Bokadia and Malook Nagar. The film was released on 26 November 2010 under the Sangeeta Pictures banners. The film was earlier titled The Challenge.
 Exchange of Wives is a 1925 drama film directed by Hobart Henley with screenplay by Fanny Hatton based upon a Broadway play by Cosmo Hamilton. The film stars Eleanor Boardman Renée Adorée Lew Cody and Creighton Hale.
 Loonies (Dutch: Loenatik - De moevie) is a 2002 Dutch family film based on a Dutch TV series Loonies (Dutch Loenatik).The film received a Golden Film (75000 visitors) in 2002.
 The Traitor is a 1957 British drama film directed by Michael McCarthy and starring Donald Wolfit Robert Bray Christopher Lee and Karel Stepanek. A former resistance fighters tries to discover the traitor who has betrayed his colleagues in the German reistance during the Second World War. The film was also shown in the US with the title The Accursed. It was not released in the US until 1960.
 On the Ropes is an American 1999 documentary film directed by Nanette Burstein and Brett Morgen. This film follows the career of three young boxers and their coach.
 Cherry Tree Lane is a 2010 British urban dramatic real-time horror-thriller film written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams.
 The Prophecy II is a fantasy horror–thriller film and the second motion picture (of five) in The Prophecy series. Christopher Walken and Steve Hytner reprise their roles as the Archangel Gabriel and the coroner Joseph respectively. It was written by Greg Spence and Matthew Greenberg and directed by Greg Spence.
 Fire of Conscience (Chinese: 火龍; literally Fire Dragon) is a 2010 Chinese and Hong Kong action film directed by Dante Lam and starring Leon Lai and Richie Ren.
 A Night of Mystery is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Eraser is a 1996 American action film directed by Chuck Russell starring Arnold Schwarzenegger James Caan and Vanessa L. Williams. The film was released in the United States on June 21 1996. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Sound Effects Editing in 1996.
 Banjo the Woodpile Cat is a 1979 animated television film directed by Don Bluth. It follows the story of Banjo an overly curious and rebellious kitten who after getting into trouble for falling from a house to see if he could land on his feet runs away from his woodpile home in his owners' farm in Payson Utah by catching a truck to Salt Lake City. The film took four years to make and it was the first production of Don Bluth Productions later Sullivan Bluth Studios.
 The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving. The film was the debut of actress Mary Miles Minter who was twelve years old by the time of the release under that name.She had previously appeared in a short film entitled The Nurse credited as Juliet Shelby (her birth name).A copy is preserved at Cinematheque Francais Paris.
 Son of a Stranger is a 1957 British film.
 Horse Soldiers (2009) is also a book written by Doug StantonThe Horse Soldiers is a 1959 DeLuxe Color war film set during the American Civil War. It was directed by John Ford and starred John Wayne William Holden and Constance Towers.
 Shuttle is a 2008 thriller film about a group of young travelers who are kidnapped by an airport shuttle driver with unknown motives. The film was written and directed by Edward Anderson and stars Tony Curran Peyton List and Cameron Goodman. Shuttle premiered at South-by-Southwest Music and Film Festival March 8 2008 in Austin Texas. The film opened theatrically in limited release in the United States on March 6 2009.
 La casa del ogro (The House of the Ogre) is a 1939 Mexican film.
 Ragazzi del Juke-Box (aka Juke-Box Kids) is a 1959 Italian musical film directed by Lucio Fulci and starring Mario Carotenuto Elke Sommer and Anthony Steffen. The young daughter of a record company boss takes over the company following her father's arrest and uses it to promote the bands she likes.
 A Fighting Choice is a 1986 television film directed by Ferdinand Fairfax. Produced by Walt Disney Television and broadcast on ABC the film stars Patrick Dempsey as a teenager suffering from epilepsy.
 Harvest Time (Russian: Время жатвы translit. Vremya zhatvy) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Marina Razbezhkina. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Odio serrano is a 1924 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in 1924 in Buenos Aires.
 Boys to Board is the 11th Our Gang short subject comedy released. The Our Gang series (later known as The Little Rascals) was created by Hal Roach in 1922 and continued production until 1944.
 Band Waggon is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Arthur Askey Richard Murdoch and Moore Marriott. It was based on the BBC radio show Band Waggon.
 Games men play is a 2006 Nigerian drama film directed by Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen.
 Camp Slaughter (also known as Camp Daze) is a 2005 science fiction horror film written and directed by Alex Pucci and co-written by Draven Gonzales.
 The Intouchables (French: Intouchables [ɛ̃tuʃabl] UK: Untouchable) is a 2011 French comedy-drama film directed by Olivier Nakache and Éric Toledano. It stars François Cluzet and Omar Sy. Nine weeks after its release in France on 2 November 2011 it became the second biggest box office hit in France just behind the 2008 film Welcome to the Sticks. The film was voted the cultural event of 2011 in France with 52% of votes in a poll by Fnac. The film has received several award nominations.
 Sen Ne Dilersen (International English title:Whatever You Wish) is a drama movie directed by Cem Başekioğlu. It was the director's debut full-length movie as well as Işın Karaca's debut leading role a Turkish pop singer. Famous actors like Fikret Kuşkan and Yıldız Kenter starred in the film. Leading lady Eleni who is portrayed by Işık Yenersu a well-known actress in Turkey has cancer in the film. Işık Yenersu has also suffered from cancer in real life during the production of the film.
 The End of Evangelion (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン劇場版 Air/まごころを、君に Shin Seiki Evangerion Gekijō-ban: Air/Magokoro o Kimi ni) is a 1997 Japanese animated science fiction epic film written and directed by Hideaki Anno released as a finale for mecha-based television series Neon Genesis Evangelion.The film is divided into two episodes each with a separate Japanese and English title: Episode 25': Air (エア Ea) / Love is Destructive and Episode 26': Yours Sincerely (まごころを、君に Magokoro o Kimi ni) / ONE MORE FINAL: I need you. 
 The Adventures of Dollie is a 1908 American silent film directed by D. W. Griffith. It was Griffith's debut film as a director. A print of the film survives in the Library of Congress film archive. The film tells the story of a young girl who after being kidnapped by a gypsy pedlar ends up trapped in a barrel as it floats downriver toward a waterfall.
 The Big Timer is a 1932 film about a boxer whose success goes to his head. It stars Ben Lyon Constance Cummings and Thelma Todd.
 Love You To Death is a 2012 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Rafeeq Ellias featuring Yuki Ellias Chandan Roy Sanyal Sheeba Chaddha in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Ronit Chaterji.The film was released on February 3 2012.
 Sandokan the Great (Italian: Sandokan la tigre di Mompracem) is a 1963 Italian adventure film directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Steve Reeves.
 Richard III is a film directed by Scott M. Anderson a modern-day retelling of William Shakespeare's Richard III set in contemporary Hollywood.
 Speed Demon is a 2003 horror film and directed by David DeCoteau.
 Family Secrets is a 2001 period film starring Angela Jones and written and directed by Sally Champlin.
 Mojados: Through the Night is a 2004 documentary film directed by Tommy Davis. The film documents the journey of four men as they trek 120 miles across the Texas desert.
 The Hound of London is a television film directed by Peter Reynolds-Long and starring Patrick Macnee as Arthur Conan Doyle's character Sherlock Holmes.
 O more more! (Russian: О море море! lit. The sea oh the sea) is a 1983 Soyuzmultfilm's animated satirical film directed by Yefim Gamburg. It tells the story of young men and women on vacation. They are constantly separated by various circumstances including the fantastic and phantasmagoric onces but at the end they finally marry. O more more! parodies Soviet popular culture i.e.
 The Party Is Over (Spanish: Fin de fiesta) is a 1960 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival. The film depicts the political corruption in Argentina in the 1930s a period known as the Infamous Decade.
 Amara Prema is a 1978 Telugu language film directed by Tatineni Rama Rao and starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist. It was a remake of the Malayalam film Madanolsavam.
 Meatballs Part II is a 1984 film that was a sequel to the 1979 movie Meatballs. The film starred Richard Mulligan Hamilton Camp Kim Richards John Mengatti Paul Reubens Misty Rowe John Larroquette Blackie Dammett Donald Gibb and Jason Luque.
 It Came from Hollywood is a 1982 comedy film compiling clips from various B movies. Written by Dana Olsen and directed by Malcolm Leo and Andrew Solt the film features wraparound segments and narration by several famous comedians including Dan Aykroyd John Candy Gilda Radner and Cheech and Chong. Sections of It Came from Hollywood focus on gorilla pictures anti-marijuana films and the works of Edward D. Wood Jr..
 Ergens in Nederland (internationally known as Somewhere in the Netherlands) is a 1940 Dutch film directed by Ludwig Berger.
 Mr. Arkadin (first released Spain 1955) known in Britain as Confidential Report is a French-Spanish-Swiss coproduction film written and directed by Orson Welles and shot in several Spanish locations including Costa Brava Segovia Valladolid and Madrid. Filming took place throughout Europe in 1954 and scenes shot outside Spain include locations in London Munich Paris the French Riviera and the Château de Chillon in Switzerland.
 Eve's Love Letters is a 1927 silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Les Petites du quai aux fleurs is a French film.
 The Plot to Kill Hitler is a 1990 television movie. It is about the 20 July 1944 plot by German officers to kill Adolf Hitler. Brad Davis stars as Colonel Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg who plants a bomb in the conference room of the Führer's headquarters in East Prussia.
 MR 73 is a 2008 French film noir written and directed by Olivier Marchal.
 The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes is a 1968 Canadian short film featuring a humorous geography lesson in which a canoeist travels abruptly through time as he crosses the Great Lakes experiencing cataclysmic changes in different eras.
 Letters to Ali is a 2004 documentary film about the story of an asylum seeker a family and a filmmaker.The movie pictures the hardship of the asylum seekers and pays attention to the fact that Australia remains the only western country that keep children in detention centres.
 Karobaar: The Business of Love was a Bollywood film of 2000 directed by Rakesh Roshan. The film starred Rishi Kapoor Anil Kapoor Juhi Chawla in leading roles.
 Among the Dust of Thieves is a 2013 American drama film about the 1896 disappearance of Albert Jennings Fountain directed by Sean Pilcher. The film dramatizes the days leading up to Fountain’s disappearance near White Sands New Mexico and the first unsuccessful investigation of his apparent murder by John C. Fraser of the Pinkerton Agency. The film strongly suggests that Fountain’s disappearance was directly linked to his prosecution of Oliver M. Lee for cattle rustling.
 The Fan is a 1949 American drama film directed by Otto Preminger. The screenplay by Dorothy Parker Walter Reisch and Ross Evans is based on the 1892 play Lady Windermere's Fan by Oscar Wilde. The play had been filmed several times before with a 1916 silent film a later adaptation by Ernst Lubitsch in 1925 as well as versions in Spanish and Chinese.
 The Human Resources Manager (Hebrew: שליחותו של הממונה על משאבי אנוש‎ translit. Shliḥuto shel Ha'Memuneh al Mash'abey Enosh) is a 2010 Israeli drama film directed by Eran Riklis. It was written by Noah Stollman based on the 2006 book A Woman in Jerusalem by A. B. Yehoshua.
 Unpublished Story is a 1942 British black-and-white war film directed by Harold French and starring Richard Greene Valerie Hobson Basil Radford Roland Culver and Ronald Shiner as an agitating pamphleteer or leaflet distributor. It was produced and co-written by Anthony Havelock-Allan.
 Whatever You Can Spare (Serbo-Croatian: 'Daj što daš') is a 1979 Yugoslav film directed by Bogdan Žižić.
 The Evil Eye is an extant 1917 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by George Melford and stars Blanche Sweet. A copy is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Three Loves Has Nancy (1938) is a romantic comedy film starring Janet Gaynor Robert Montgomery and Franchot Tone. Set in New York City it was directed by Richard Thorpe.
 The Picture of Dorian Gray is a 1916 British silent fantasy film directed by Fred W. Durrant and starring Henry Victor Pat O'Malley and Sydney Bland. The film is based on the novel The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde.
 Flesh and Fury is a 1952 feature film starring Tony Curtis as a boxer.
 The Hunt for the Unicorn Killer is a thriller/drama TV film that first aired in 1999 in two parts. It starred Kevin Anderson Naomi Watts and Tom Skerritt.Anderson plays 1970s activist and purported Earth Day co-founder Ira Einhorn who is charged with and later convicted in absentia of the murder of his girlfriend Holly Maddux (played by Watts). Skerritt plays Maddux's father who tries to bring Einhorn to justice.
 Mi mujer está loca is a 1952 Argentine film.
 They Came Together is a 2014 American comedy film directed by David Wain. It is a parody of romantic comedies infused with Wain's absurd approach. The film is scheduled for a June 27 2014 release.
 Herr Lehmann is a 2003 German film by Leander Haußmann based on the novel of the same name by Sven Regener.
 La barca de oro (The Golden Boat) is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Ganda Berunda is a Kannada film directed by S.V. Rajendrasingh Babu and produced by Vajramuni. The film was released in the year 1984. The music was composed by Sathyam. Bollywood actor Amrish Puri made an appearance as a villain in the movie.
 King Khan (Bengali: কিং খান) is a Dhallywood action and romantic film written and directed by Mohammad Hossain Jaimy. and starring Shakib Khan in the lead roles. It also features Apu Biswas Mimo Misa Shoudhar Uzzal Shugirita Don in supporting rolesand was originally scheduled to release on Auguast 31 2011. However due to extensive post-production work involving special effects and mixing digital sound its release was postponed and release on Eid al Adha of 7 November 2011.
 Man of Iron (Polish: Człowiek z żelaza) is a 1981 film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It depicts the Solidarity labour movement and its first success in persuading the Polish government to recognize the workers' right to an independent union.The film continues the story of Maciej Tomczyk the son of Mateusz Birkut the protagonist of Wajda's earlier film Man of Marble.
 Su adorable majadero (His Adorable Fool) is a 1938 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Hotel de Lux is a 1992 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița. It won the Silver Lion (Leone d'Argento) at the 49th Venice Film Festival. The movie has 105 minute running time and includes several important actors in the Romanian cinema. Irina Petrescu Valentin Popescu and Ştefan Iordache are key players in the film.
 For the album with the same name see Bratz: Forever Diamondz (album). For the video game see Bratz: Forever Diamondz (video game)Bratz Forever Diamondz is a 2006 computer-animated film based on the Bratz Forever Diamondz collection of dolls.
 The Death of Empedocles (German: Der Tod des Empedokles) is a 1987 West German drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Soundtrack for a Revolution is a 2009 documentary film written and directed by Bill Guttentag and Dan Sturman. This documentary traces the story of the civil rights movement and the struggles fought by young African-American activists with an emphasis on the power of music. Soundtrack for a Revolution had its international premiere at the Cannes Film Festival and its North American premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival.
 Frozen is a 2010 American thriller written and directed by Adam Green and starring Shawn Ashmore Kevin Zegers and introducing Emma Bell.
 Mama Jack is a 2005 Leon Schuster movie made in South Africa. It was directed by Gray Hofmeyr and distributed by Nu Metro.Tagline: He's hiding out... in someone else! or alternatively He's back... in black!
 Amma Evarikaina Amma is a 1979 Telugu dubbed film directed by R. Thyagarajan. It starrs Rajinikanth and Sripriya. It is the dubbed version of the Tamil film Annai Oru Aalayam.
 American Vampire (aka An American Vampire Story) is a comedic horror film starring Carmen Electra Adam West Sidney Lassick and Trevor Lissauer. Produced in 1997 it was written by Rollin Jarrett (Laws of Deception) and directed by Luis Esteban.
 Chupi Chupi (English: Silently) is a 2013 film directed by Abir Bose and produced by Rakesh Shrivastav under the banner of Ma Sarada Chitra Mandir 2012 Production. It features actors Ritojit and Priyanka Haldar in the lead roles. This film is Abir Bose's third film his last release being long back in 1988 (Kidnap). It released on April 26 2013.
 Kriminal is a 1966 Italian crime film directed by Umberto Lenzi. It is based on the comic character with the same name. It was widely criticized for misrapresenting the title character that in the comics was a sadistic and gruesome killer and in the film is instead shown as a sort of James Bond. It was followed by Il marchio di Kriminal.
 The Flying Machine is a 2011 3-D live action/animation family feature film produced by BreakThru Films. The film is directed by Martin Clapp Geoff Lindsey and Dorota Kobiela and stars Heather Graham and Lang Lang.
 The Dawn Patrol is a 1938 American war film a remake of the pre-Code 1930 film of the same name. Both were based on the short story The Flight Commander by John Monk Saunders an American writer said to have been haunted by his inability to get into combat as a flyer with the U.S. Air Service. The book of short stories War Patrol by A.S.
 Across the Sea of Time is a 1995 family adventure film written by Andrew Gellis and directed by Stephen Low. It stars Peter Reznick John McDonough and Avi Hoffman. The film follow a young Russian boy's travels to the United States in search of his ancestor's family. It grossed nearly 16 million dollars in the United States and has a runtime of just over 51 minutes.
 Crack Your Heels is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 L'oro di Roma (internationally released as Gold of Rome) is a 1961 Italian war - drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. The film is based on actual events related to the Nazi roundup in the ghetto of Rome in October 1943.
 Unconditional is a 2012 Christian drama film written and directed by Brent McCorkle inspired by true events.
 Me Myself I is a 2000 Australian comedy film. It was the first feature film by director Pip Karmel and was released and reviewed internationally.
 Just Math Mathalli (Just ಮಾತ್ ಮಾತಲ್ಲಿ) is a 2010 Kannada film of genre romance directed by Sudeep starring himself Ramya and Rajesh. The film follows Siddharth's search for Tanu to confess his love for her.Sudeep first approached producer Shanker Gowda to produce an action film which he wanted to direct. But during discussions of the script the topic of Just Math Mathalli came up and Shanker Gowda showed immense interest in producing it.
 She's the Man is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Andy Fickman inspired by William Shakespeare's play Twelfth Night. The film stars Amanda Bynes Channing Tatum Laura Ramsey and Vinnie Jones.The film centers around teenager Viola Hastings who enters her brother's school in his place pretending to be male in order to play with the boys' soccer team.
 Oblivion Island: Haruka and the Magic Mirror (ホッタラケの島 〜遥と魔法の鏡〜 Hottarake no Shima: Haruka to Mahō no Kagami) is a 2009 Japanese computer-animated film directed by Shinsuke Sato. It was produced in commemoration of Fuji Television's 50th anniversary. The film was nominated for the award for Excellent Animation of the Year at the 33rd Japan Academy Prize.
 The Absentee (Spanish: La ausente) is a 1951 Mexican drama film directed by Julio Bracho. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.Jorge de la Cueva (Arturo de Córdova) is in great pain after his wife's death in a car accident. Hoping to discover what really happened he decides to investigate the circumstances of the accident.
 Hearts and Flowers for Tora-san (男はつらいよ 寅次郎あじさいの恋 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Ajisai no Koi) is a 1982 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Ayumi Ishida as his love interest or Madonna. Hearts and Flowers for Tora-san is the twenty-ninth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Lovers in the Year One (Czech: Milenci v roce jedna) is a 1973 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Jaroslav Balík. It was selected as the Czechoslovakian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Lady and the Tramp is a 1955 American animated romantic comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released to theaters on 22 June 1955 by Buena Vista Distribution. The 15th animated film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series it was the first animated feature filmed in the CinemaScope widescreen film process. The story centers on a female American Cocker Spaniel named Lady who lives with a refined upper-middle-class family and a male stray mutt called the Tramp.
 The Rocket is a 2013 Australian drama film written and directed by Kim Mordaunt. This was the seventh Australian film to be selected for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.The film won the Audience Award and the award for Best Actor in a Narrative Feature Film at the Tribeca Film Festival. It was screened at the AFI Fest.
 Magalir Mattum is a 1994 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao starring Revathy Urvashi Rohini and Nassar in lead roles with Nagesh and Kamal Haasan in guest appearance. The film was inspired by the American film 9 to 5.
 Foundry Town (キューポラのある街 Kyūpora no aru machi) is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Kirio Urayama. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival and won the Blue Ribbon Awards in 1962.
 Sitadevi is a 1982 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Something Wild is an 1961 independent drama film directed by Jack Garfein and starring Carroll Baker Ralph Meeker and Mildred Dunnock.
 Barbie: Princess Charm School is a direct-to-DVD 2011-computer-animated film directed by Zeke Norton which was released on September 13 2011 in the US and on August 28 in the UK. The film debuted on TV on the 22nd October 2011 when it was shown on Nick Jr at 5pm.
 The Silent Army is a recut international version of the 2008 Dutch movie 'Wit Licht' (Dutch: Wit Licht meaning White Light) directed by Jean van de Velde about the hardships of child soldiers in Africa. It marks the acting debut of singer Marco Borsato. On December 29 2008 it was reported that despite bad reviews the film had received a gold certication. More than 100000 people went to see the film in two weeks time.
 Axis of Evil (French: L'axe du mal) is a 2004 France-Canada co-production by Pascal Lièvre about a couple declaring their love for each other with the same words United States President George W. Bush used to announce a war on terrorism.
 Cinderella is a 1977 American erotic musical comedy starring Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith Brett Smiley and Sy Richardson and directed by Michael Pataki.
 Man and Maid is a 1925 drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger based upon a novel by Elinor Glyn. The film stars Lew Cody Renée Adorée and Harriet Hammond.
 Variety Jubilee is a 1943 British historical musical film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Reginald Purdell Ellis Irving and Lesley Brook. It depicts life in a London music hall from 1892 to the Second World War. It was made at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith. The film was re-released in 1945 to capitalise on the popularity of Ealing's Champagne Charlie.
 Clancy of the Mounted (1933) is a Universal Northern movie serial based on the poem Clancy of the Mounted Police by Robert W. Service. This was Universal's 85th serial and the 17th with sound. Though long considered lost the first six chapters were released on DVD in 2012; the final six chapters however are still considered lost.
 Dance of the Drunk Mantis (Chinese: 南北醉拳) is a 1979 Hong Kong kung fu comedy film directed by Yuen Siu-tien's real life son Yuen Woo-ping starring Yuen Siu-tien Hwang Jang Lee Linda Lin Yuen Shun-yee Charlie Shek and Yuen Kwai. This was Yuen Siu-tien's final film appearance before his death on January 8 1979 from a heart attack.
 Wild Poses is short subject in the Our Gang (The Little Rascals) series.It was produced and directed by Robert F. McGowan for Hal Roach Studios and first released on October 28 1933 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was the 125th Our Gang short that was released.A sequel to the previous Our Gang short Bedtime Worries Wild Poses features a brief cameo by Laurel & Hardy.
 Gaali Maathu (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿಮಾತು) is a 1981 Indian Kannada drama film directed and produced by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ta. Ra. Su. The film starred Jai Jagadish Lakshmi and Kokila Mohan in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Vacanze a Ischia (also known as Holiday Island) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Camerini.
 From Beijing With Love (Chinese: 國產凌凌漆; pinyin: Guóchǎn Líng Líng Qī; literally Made in China [Domestic Produced] 007; 凌凌漆 is a homophone for the numbers 007 in Chinese) is a 1994 Hong Kong action and comedy film directed by Lee Lik-Chi and Stephen Chow. It's a very direct spoof of James Bond movies and stars Stephen Chow Anita Yuen and Law Ka-Ying.
 Far och flyg is a 1955 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer.
 Sehnsucht 202 (English title: Longing 202) is a 1932 German musical comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and distributed by UFA. Sehnsucht 202 was Luise Rainer's film debut.
 Bramman is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Socrates starring Sasikumar and newcomer Lavanya Tripathi in the lead roles. The movie is opened to mixed reviews from critics and audience. It has cinematography by Jomon T. John.
 Two Lives (German: Zwei Leben) is a 2012 German drama film directed by Georg Maas. The Film won The Grand Prize and the BIFF Award for the Best Film at the Biberach Independent Film Festival The Audience Award at the International Filmfest Emden and was nominated for the International Debut Award at the Göteborg International Film Festival. The film has been selected as the German entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards making the January shortlist.
 A Fever in the Blood is a 1961 late noir or neo-noir film featuring a roster of Warner Bros. television contract players often miscast according to the film's producer and screenwriter Roy Huggins in his Archive of American Television interview about crooked political dealings.Efrem Zimbalist Jr.
 For the 1989 Hindi film by Rakesh Roshan starring Kader Khan and Jackie Shroff please see Kala BazaarKala Bazar (English: Black Market) is a 1960 Hindi film produced by Dev Anand for Navketan Films. Written and directed by Dev's younger brother Vijay Anand the film starred Dev Anand Waheeda Rehman Vijay Anand Chetan Anand Nanda Rashid Khan Madan Puri Leela Chitnis Mumtaz Begum and Helen. S.D.
 Mush and Milk is a comedy short subject; part of the Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. It was produced and directed by Robert F. McGowan for Hal Roach and was originally released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on May 27 1933. It was the 123rd (35th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 Mazaaq is a 1975 Bollywood comedy film directed by Haidar Ali.
 30 Days of Night is a 2007 American vampire horror film based on the comic book miniseries of the same name. The film is directed by David Slade and stars Josh Hartnett Melissa George and Danny Huston. The story focuses on an Alaskan town beset by vampires as it enters into a thirty-day long polar night.30 Days of Night was originally pitched as a comic then as a film but was rejected. Years later Steve Niles showed IDW Publishing the idea and it took off.
 Homecoming is an American drama television film.On April 14 1996 the TV film Homecoming was released and aired on the American cable channel Lifetime. The screenplay was written by Christopher Carlson and was based on Cynthia Voigt's 'Homecoming'. The movie follows the story of four children who were abandoned by their mother and left to fend for themselves. Homecoming was directed by Mark Jean produced by Jack Baran and the executive producer was Shirô Sasaki.
 Scenes from a Gay Marriage (2012) is a romantic comedy film written and directed by Matt Riddlehoover which was shot in Nashville Tennessee.A sequel featuring Rodiney Santiago is now being planned.
 Queen of Temple Street (廟街皇后) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon. It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong.
 Command Performance is a 1937 British drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Arthur Tracy Lilli Palmer and Mark Daly. It was based on a play by Stafford Dickens.
 Violent Rome (originally titled Roma violenta also known as Violent City and Street Killers) is an Italian 1975 poliziottesco film directed by Marino Girolami here credited as Franco Martinelli. It was released on VHS in the UK under the title Forced Impact. It obtained a great commercial success and launched the career of Maurizio Merli. The film has two sequels Violent Naples and A Special Cop in Action.
 The Delinquents is a 1989 Australian film directed by Chris Thomson.It starred Kylie Minogue and Charlie Schlatter as the main characters Lola and Brownie and was filmed in Brisbane Maryborough and Bundaberg Queensland. The film is based on the book of the same name.The Delinquents was released in Australia on 21 December 1989 and received mixed reviews from most movie critics. The film had grossed $3370650 at the box office in Australia equivalent to $5864931 in 2009 dollars.
 InuYasha the Movie: Fire on the Mystic Island (映画犬夜叉 紅蓮の蓬莱島 Eiga Inuyasha: Guren no Hōraijima) is a 2004 anime film directed by Toshiya Shinohara and written by Katsuyuki Sumisawa. It is the fourth and final film of the InuYasha movie series. It was released in Japan on December 23 2004 a few months after the last episode of the first series aired.
 Matouqin Nocturne (馬頭琴夜想曲 Batōkin yasōkyoku) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Takeo Kimura and starring Yamaguchi Sayoko and Seijun Suzuki. It is abstract and focused around the atomic bombing of Nagasaki.
 Jack Brooks: Monster Slayer is a Canadian comedy horror monster movie produced by Brookstreet Pictures. The film was directed Jon Knautz and stars Trevor Matthews Robert Englund and Rachel Skarsten. The film is about a plumber named Jack (Trevor Matthews) whose family gets slaughtered by a demonic beast. While fixing the pipes for Dr. Crowley (Robert Englund) the Professor awakens an evil source and eventually transforms his body into a monster.
 Betrayal from the East is a 1945 film starring Lee Tracy and Nancy Kelly. The movie was directed by William A. Berke and based on the book Betrayal from the East: The Inside Story of Japanese Spies in America by Alan Hynd.
 Udhayam NH4 is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic thriller directed by debutant Manimaran a former associate of Vetrimaaran. The film features Siddharth and newcomer Ashrita Shetty in the lead roles. Vetrimaaran has written the script done the screenplay and also penned the dialogues for this film. The story takes place in Bangalore Karnataka. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar.
 Winner Takes All is a 2004 Welsh short film directed by Helen M Grace written by Machico Bros & Helen M Grace.Nominated for BAFTA Cymru Best Short Film award 2004/2005The short film stars JC Mac Chico Slimani Lauretta Lewis and Barber Ali.
 Mr. and Mrs. Kabal's Theatre (Théâtre de Monsieur & Madame Kabal) is a 1967 French animated film directed by Walerian Borowczyk. It is Borowczyk's first feature-length film and his last animated film. It consists of a sequence of loosely connected scenes much like a vaudeville program in which Mr. and Mrs. Kabal perform absurd surreal and sometimes cruel acts.
 Meseautó is a 1934 Hungary romantic comedy film directed by Béla Gaál and starring Zita Perczel Ella Gombaszögi and Klári Tolnay. A tycoon falls in love with a poor woman and secretly buys her a car. The 1935 British film Car of Dreams was based on this film.
 Blind Husbands is a 1919 drama film directed by Erich von Stroheim. The film is an adaptation of the story The Pinnacle by Stroheim.
 Holiday in Mexico is a 1946 Technicolor musical directed by George Sidney starring Walter Pidgeon Jane Powell and Ilona Massey.
 Les Spécialistes (French pronunciation: ​[le spesjalist]) is a 1985 French film directed by Patrice Leconte.
 The Slime People is a 1963 horror film directed by Robert Hutton. The film concerns a race of subterranean reptile-men (dubbed slime people due to their slime-covered skin) who create a wall of solidified fog around Los Angeles and proceed to invade the city. A pilot (portrayed by Robert Hutton) lands in Los Angeles after some difficulties in flight only to find the city almost deserted.
 Rimorso is a 1952 Italian film.
 Indian Rupee is a 2011 Indian satirical film written and directed by Ranjith Balakrishnan and produced by Shaji Nadeshan Prithviraj and Santhosh Sivan. The film stars Prithviraj Sukumaran Thilakan Tini Tom and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles. The film released on October 6 2011 to highly positive response from critics and audiences alike. Indian Rupee received numerous accolades including National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam and Kerala State Film Award for Best Film.
 You Got to Move is a documentary by Lucie Massie Phenix and Veronica Selver that follows people from communities in the Southern United States in their various processes of becoming involved in social change.
 Original Gangstas is a 1996 action movie filmed and set in urban Gary Indiana starring Blaxploitation film stars such as Fred Williamson Pam Grier Jim Brown and Richard Roundtree.The film details the deteriorating state of an impoverished Gary neighborhood terrorized by a street gang called the Rebels. When the gang murders a local boy it prompts the emergence of several individuals who grew up in the neighborhood: the original Rebels.
 Babies also known as Baby(ies) and Bébé(s) is a 2010 French documentary film by Thomas Balmès that follows four humans through their first year after birth. Two of the babies featured in the film are from rural areas: Ponijao from Opuwo Namibia and Bayar(jargal) from Bayanchandmani Mongolia and two are from urban areas: Mari from Tokyo Japan and Hattie from San Francisco U.S. The film was released in the United States by Focus Features on 7 May 2010.
 Tyaag is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 Blood Ties is a made-for-television film that was released in 1991. It is a story about a modern vampire family who hail from Carpathia. The family try to assimilate into American life in Long Beach California however their lives are upset when a sinister group of hunters kill a member of their extended kin and threaten to come after them.The film was directed by Jim McBride.
 The Anarchist Cookbook is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Jordan Susman.
 Solstorm (en:Sunstorm) is a Swedish thriller/drama film released in 2007. It was filmed in Kiruna and was released in cinema on November 2 2007. The film is based on the novel Sun Storm written by author Åsa Larsson.
 Marriage Story (Hangul: 결혼이야기; RR: Kyeolhon iyagi) is a 1992 South Korean film. It was the fourth most highly attended Korean film between 1990 and 1995.
 Sabrina: Friends Forever (also known as Sabrina the Teenage Witch in Friends Forever) is a 2002 animated television film produced by DIC Entertainment and was first shown on Nickelodeon Sunday Movie Toons in the United States (however in most other countries it premiered on either Disney Channel or Toon Disney). It is a continuation of the animated television series Sabrina: The Animated Series and was followed by another television series Sabrina's Secret Life.
 O Stratis parastratise (Greek: Ο Στρατής παραστράτησε translation: Stratis went astray) is a 1969 Greek black and white comedy starring Dinos Iliopoulos Anna Fonsou and Nikos Rizos. The film sold 259606 tickets.
 Bomb in the High Street is a 1961 British drama film directed by Peter Bezencenet and Terry Bishop. It stars Ronald Howard Terry Palmer and Suzanna Leigh.
 Young Dr. Kildare is a 1938 film starring Lew Ayres as an idealistic freshly graduated medical doctor who benefits greatly from the wise counsel of his mentor Dr. Gillespie. This was the second of a total of ten Dr. Kildare pictures but the first starring Ayres (the character being portrayed by Joel McCrea in Internes Can't Take Money) and the first appearance of Gillespie.
 Dead Babies (Mood Swingers for US release) is a 2000 British film directed by William Marsh. It is based on the novel of the same name by Martin Amis. The film which was badly received was reviewed in the British newspaper The Guardian which described it as boring embarrassing nasty and stupid - and not in a good way.
 The Torch (Spanish: Del odio nace el amor) is a 1950 Mexican / American film directed by Emilio Fernández. The film is also known as Bandit General in the United Kingdom.
 Octane (known as Pulse in the United States) is a 2002 thriller film directed by Marcus Adams and starring Madeleine Stowe Mischa Barton and Norman Reedus. The film follows a divorced mother (Stowe) and her teenage daughter (Barton) on a late-night road trip and the mother's battle to find her daughter after she gets caught up with a bizarre cult of young criminals at a truck stop. Shot largely in Luxembourg the film features a soundtrack by dance duo Orbital.
 Aachi & Ssipak is a 2006 animated South Korean film directed by Jo Beom-jin and featuring the voices of Ryoo Seung-bum Im Chang-jung and Hyun Young.
 Adimakal Udamakal (English: Slaves are the Masters) is a 1987 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring MammoottyMohanlal Nalini Seema in the lead roles. Ratheesh Mukesh Urvashi Jagathi Sreekumar Captain Raju Lizy Sukumari and Santhakumari in major supporting roles.
 Shikshaa is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Shri Ramanathan and starring Raj Kiran and Sushma Verma.
 Lalita(Oriya: ଲଳିତା) is a 1949 Indian folk fore Oriya film directed by Kalyan Gupta.
 Mee-Shee: The Water Giant is an Anglo-German family film shot in New Zealand and released in 2005. It stars Bruce Greenwood Rena Owen Tom Jackson (North of 60 Shining Time Station) and Daniel Magder. The film is based upon the Canadian folklore water monster known as the Ogopogo.
 Olga is a 2004 Brazilian film directed by Jayme Monjardim. It was Brazil's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.The film was a produced by Nexus Cinema in conjunction with Globo Filmes and Lumiere. Olga was seen by over three million viewers and won more than 20 awards in Brazil and internationally.
 Friends 'Til the End is a 1997 television film directed by Jack Bender.
 The Geek is a pornographic horror film released in 1971.
 The Gua Sha Treatment (Chinese: 刮痧; pinyin: guā shā) is a Chinese movie released in 2001 starring Tony Leung Ka-Fai Zhu Xu and Jiang Wenli. It is a story about cultural conflicts experienced by a Chinese family in the USA.
 Heart to Heart is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine. The film is preserved at the Library of Congress Packard Campus.
 Homelife is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Algiers is a 1938 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and starring Charles Boyer Sigrid Gurie and Hedy Lamarr. Written by John Howard Lawson the film is about a notorious French jewel thief hiding in the labyrinthine native quarter of Algiers known as the Casbah. Feeling imprisoned by his self-imposed exile he is drawn out of hiding by a beautiful French tourist who reminds him of happier times in Paris.
 Zara Si Zindagi is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander Kamal Haasan's mentor starring Kamal Haasan Anita Raj Nilu Phule Mazhar Khan Dr. Shriram Lagoo and Karan Razdan.It is a remake of the Tamil hit Varumayin Niram Sivappu (1980) also directed by K. Balachander with Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in the lead roles.
 The Chorus (Persian: همسرایان Hamsorayan‎) is a 1982 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 Blues Busters is a 1950 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on October 29 1950 by Monogram Pictures and is the twentieth film in the series.
 Desperate Living is a 1977 American comedy film directed produced and written by John Waters. The film stars Liz Renay Jean Hill Mink Stole Edith Massey and Mary Vivian Pearce.
 Sabirni centar (English: The Meeting Point) is a 1989 Yugoslavian fantasy/comedy film directed by Goran Marković starring Rade Marković Bogdan Diklić Dragan Nikolić Mirjana Karanović and Anica Dobra. It is based on Dušan Kovačević's play of the same title translated in the U.S. as The Gathering Place.
 Titli (Bengali: তিতলি) butterfly) is a 2002 Bengali film by Rituparno Ghosh starring Konkona Sen Sharma Aparna Sen Mithun Chakraborty.The film tells the story of a developing adolescent played by Konkona and the sensitivity of a teenager and also the portrayal of the mother-daughter relationship and quiet understanding within the pair. Titli also means butterfly in Hindi.
 The Party Never Stops: Diary of a Binge Drinker is a 2007 television movie starring Sara Paxton Michael Ian Farrell Alexia Fast Chelsea Hobbs and Nancy Travis. It was directed by David Wu and written by Matt Dorff. The movie premiered on Lifetime Television.
 The Fortune is a 1975 American comedy film starring Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty and directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Adrien Joyce focuses on two bumbling con men who plot to steal the fortune of a wealthy young heiress played by Stockard Channing in her first film starring role.
 A Short Stay in Switzerland is a 2009 British television film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Frank McGuinness. It stars Julie Walters who won the International Emmy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Dr Anne Turner. It was produced by BBC.It was also nominated for other numerous awards including the BAFTA Award for Best Single TV Drama and Best Actress.
 Bava Bavamaridi is a 1993 Telugu film directed by Sarath and produced by MV Lakshmi under MM Movie Arts. The film stars Suman Krishnam Raju Malashri and Jayasudha in the lead roles. The film was a remake of Tamil film Pandithurai.
 The Boys (Finnish: Pojat) is a 1962 Finnish war drama film directed by Mikko Niskanen. It is based on a novel by Paavo Rintala. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bhakta Kuchela is a 1961 MalayalamMythological film directed by P. Subramaniam based on the Tamil film of the same name.. The film was an unusual collaboration between a Malayalam producer and an array of Telugu-Tamil film stars. The key roles were handled by Telugu actors. The success of this film encouraged Malayalam producers to invite Telugu and Tamil stars noted for their mythological roles to act in their films of similar themes.
 The Escapist is a 2002 film directed by Gillies MacKinnon and written by Nick Perry.The film is a thriller and stars Jonny Lee Miller Andy Serkis and Gary Lewis.
 Snowball Express is a 1972 screwball comedy film made by Walt Disney Productions about a man who leaves his middle class job to run a hotel left to him by his uncle.
 The Gentle Intruder is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. A copy of the film still exists at the Dutch Filmmuseum.
 Benaam Badsha is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Ravi Shankar and produced by K. Ramji. It stars Anil Kapoor Juhi Chawla and Shilpa Shirodkar in pivotal roles. This was a remake of Tamil film Pudhiya Paadhai.Dialogues of this movie became quite successful credits to Iqbal Durrani audio cassette of dialogues were released.
 Retro Puppet Master (also known as Retro Puppetmaster) is a 1999 direct-to-video horror film written by Charles Band Benjamin Carr and David Schmoeller and directed by David DeCoteau.
 Las Meninas (Spanish for The Maids of Honour) is a 2008 Ukrainian film directed by Ihor Podolchak. Its title alludes to the painting of Diego Velázquez Las Meninas. Ihor Podolchak was the producer screenwriter and director of this film. Las Meninas was produced by MF Films (a subdivision of Masoch Fund). It was the first Ukrainian film to participate in the Tiger Awards Competition of the International Film Festival Rotterdam.
 Passion Flower is a 1930 drama film directed and produced by William C. de Mille and starring Kay Francis Kay Johnson and Charles Bickford in a romantic triangle. This was Ray Milland's American film debut in an uncredited part.
 Nacho Libre is a 2006 American-Mexican comedy film directed by Jared Hess and written by Jared and Jerusha Hess and Mike White. It was loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta (Friar Storm) aka Rev. Sergio Gutiérrez Benítez a real-life Mexican Catholic priest who had a 23-year career as a masked luchador. He competed in order to support the orphanage he directed. The producers are Jack Black David Klawans Julia Pistor and Mike White. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
 All Screwed Up (Italian: Tutto a posto e niente in ordine also known as Everything Ready Nothing Works) is a 1974 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 Mutiny in the Big House is a 1939 American film directed by William Nigh.
 Víctimas del Pecado (Victims of Sin) is a 1951 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Ninón Sevilla. Detroit Institute of Arts considers the film as one of the most famous post-war Mexican films and shares that it includes knockout mambo numbers by Pérez Prado and Pedro Vargas. The film was also released as Hell's Kitchen.
 Caesar and Cleopatra is a 1945 British Technicolor film directed by Gabriel Pascal and starring Claude Rains and Vivien Leigh. It was adapted from the play Caesar and Cleopatra (1901) by George Bernard Shaw. The film was produced by Independent Producers Pascal Film Productions and Eagle-Lion Distributors.[citation needed]Caesar and Cleopatra was a box office failure but it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (John Bryan).
 My Body My Child is a 1982 television film directed by Marvin J. Chomsky and starring Vanessa Redgrave. It premiered on ABC on 12 April 1982. It includes early performances by future Sex and the City co-stars Sarah Jessica Parker and Cynthia Nixon. It is also the final role of Jack Albertson who was subsequently nominated posthumously for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie.
 The Eight Diagram Pole Fighter is a 1983 Hong Kong film by Shaw Brothers directed by Lau Kar-leung and starring Gordon Liu and Alexander Fu.
 El Jefe is a 1958 Argentine film.
 Lady Audley's Secret is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Jack Denton and starring Margaret Bannerman Manning Haynes and Betty Farquhar. A woman marries a man then murders him. It was an adaptation of the 1862 novel Lady Audley's Secret by Mary Elizabeth Braddon.
 Chaos is a 2008 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Herman Yau and starring Gordon Lam Andrew Lin Kristal Tin and Charmaine Fong.
 Ivan (Ukrainian: Iвaн Russian: Ивaн) is a 1932 Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko and his wife Yuliya Solntseva. After the critical lambasting of his film Earth Dovzhenko returned with a more popular iteration of its main motifs. Much like Earth Ivan concerns itself with the natural rhythms of country life disrupted by the beat of looming industrialisation.
 The Magician is an Australian film released in 2005 written and directed by Scott Ryan. It is a mockumentary following the escapades of a Melbourne underworld hitman. The film was originally shot over 10 days with a budget of A$3000. Ryan edited a half-hour version of the film for screening at the St. Kilda Film Festival where it was seen by stuntman and film producer Nash Edgerton (brother of Joel Edgerton) who took the project under his wing.
 Gudumba Shankar is a 2004 Telugu movie directed by Veera Shankar and produced by Nagendra Babu. Pawan Kalyan played the lead role as Gudumba Shankar while Meera Jasmine Ashish Vidyarthi and Sayaji Shinde played other vital roles. The music was scored by Mani Sharma. It was dubbed in Hindi as Main Hoon Chaalbaaz.
 Outrage is a 2009 American documentary film written and directed by Kirby Dick. The film presents a narrative discussing the hypocrisy of people purported in the documentary to be closeted gay or bisexual politicians who promote anti-gay legislation. It premiered at the 2009 Tribeca Film Festival before being released theatrically on May 8 2009. It was nominated for a 2010 Emmy Award and won Miami Gay and Lesbian Film Festival's jury award for best documentary.
 The Mask is a 1994 American superhero fantasy action comedy film based on a series of comic books published by Dark Horse Comics. This film was directed by Chuck Russell and produced by Dark Horse Entertainment and New Line Cinema and originally released to movie theatres on July 29 1994. The film stars Jim Carrey as Stanley Ipkiss a man who finds the Mask of Loki that turns him into The Mask a grinning magically-powered trickster uninhibited by anything including physical reality.
 She's Too Young is an American made-for-TV movie released in 2004 starring Marcia Gay Harden as the mother of a 14 year old daughter who is involved in sexual acts hidden from her parents. The film deals with the issues of drugs and alcohol peer pressure parenting an adolescent the influence of the sexually-driven media teen partying and syphilis. The movie was shot in Halifax Nova Scotia with the school scenes being shot at Halifax West High School.
 Friendship (Thai: เฟรนด์ชิพ เธอกับฉัน) (also known as Friendship You and Me) is a 2008 Thai Romantic-Drama Teen Film starring Mario Maurer and Apinya Sakuljaroensuk (Ploy) directed by Chatchai Naksuriya. The film is around 1972 setting and is about Singha and Mituna's endless love for each other. The film starts with the present and goes back to the past of their high school days.
 Zulm Ki Hukumat is a 1992 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.Pitamber Kohli lives an upper middle class existence with his wife & two brothers Yeshwant and Pratap. The trio get in the bad books of an underworld don named Swami who soon they launches a vendetta against them. As a result Pitamber is killed and both Yeshwant and Pratap swear to avenge his death.
 The Scrub Lady also known as Tillie the Scrub Lady is a 1917 silent comedy short film produced by and starring Marie Dressler and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. The picture is preserved in the Library of Congress.Vincent P. Bryan was a composer lyricist and writer. He had helmed nearly all of Charles Chaplin's Mutual films. The newly created Goldwyn Pictures brought Bryan in to write The Scrub Lady.
 Engel im Fegefeuer is an East German film. It was released in 1964.
 The Cowboy and the Lady is a 1922 American silent Western film directed by Charles Maigne and stars Mary Miles Minter and Tom Moore. Distributed by Paramount Pictures the film is based on the Clyde Fitch Broadway stage play of the same name which starred Maxine Elliott and her then-husband Nat C. Goodwin. It was the last silent version of the many silent filming of the play and Minter's third to last motion picture. The film's status is currently unknown.
 De Noorderlingen (also known as The Northerners) is a 1992 Dutch film by Alex van Warmerdam.This black comedy takes places in the 1960s in a surreal Dutch new town consisting of only a single street. It tells the story of the people living in this street. Van Warmerdam himself has said that he considers this his best movie. It won him a (Gouden Kalf) for best director and the movie was nominated for the International Fantasy Film Award.
 The Last of His Tribe is a 1992 movie starring Jon Voight as the anthropologist Alfred L. Kroeber who befriended Ishi played by Graham Greene. Ishi was thought to be the last of the Yahi people. The movie is based on the real experiences of a Native American Ishi as he tries to adjust to a 20th-century society that is foreign to him.Harry Hook directed the film. For his performance Jon Voight was nominated for the 1992 Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film.
 7 Lives is a 2011 British film directed by Paul Wilkins starring Danny Dyer Kate Ashfield and Martin Compston.
 BAYSIDE SHAKEDOWN: Wangan Police Station Female Police Officers' Story (踊る大捜査線 番外編 湾岸署婦警物語 初夏の交通安全スペシャル Odoru daisōsasen bangaihen - Wangansho fukei monogatari shoka no kōtsūanzen supesharu) is a Japanese TV movie that aired on June the 19th 1998 in Japan directed by Katsuyuki Motohiro and starring Yuki Uchida in the main role.
 Power Play is a 1978 British-Canadian thriller film starring Peter O'Toole and David Hemmings based on the non-fiction strategy book Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook by Edward N. Luttwak.A small group of military officers frustrated by the corruption of a fictional contemporary European government decide that they must overthrow the current administration.
 Il seme della discordia (English: The Seed of Discord) is a Golden Lion-nominated 2008 Italian film.The film is a modernisation of Heinrich von Kleist's novel The Marquise of O.
 Ravan Raaj: A True Story is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T.Rama Rao starring Mithun Chakraborty Madhoo and Aditya Pancholi and is centred around kidney smugglers and a serial killer. The film is a remake of Tamil film Pulan Visaranai starring Vijayakanth.
 Fort Massacre is a 1958 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman starring Joel McCrea Forrest Tucker and Susan Cabot. A possibly mad cavalry commander leads his troops through dangerous Indian territory.
 The Powers Girl sometimes retitled Hello Beautiful is a 1943 musical comedy about women employed by John Robert Powers' modeling agency. Starring George Murphy Anne Shirley and Carole Landis the film was directed by Norman Z. McLeod and based upon the book by John Robert Powers (played by Alan Mowbray in the film). It was filmed during the height of the Big Band era and features Benny Goodman and His Orchestra.
 Pyaar Karke Dekho is a 1987 Indian film.
 Sailor's Luck is a 1933 Pre-Code film which openly depicted homosexuality.
 Shori-sha Shori-sha (勝利者) is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 Ladies of the House is a television movie made-for-TV movie that aired on Hallmark Channel in October 2008. It stars Florence Henderson Pam Grier and Donna Mills.
 Sol Madrid is a 1968 film directed by Brian G. Hutton and filmed in Acapulco. It was released in the UK as The Heroin Gang.
 The Contact (Hangul: 접속; RR: Jeopsok) is a 1997 South Korean romance film directed by Jang Yoon-hyeon. Starring Han Suk-gyu and Jeon Do-yeon it was the second biggest-grossing Korean film of 1997 with 674933 admissions and was awarded the Grand Bell Award for best picture.
 Summer's Tail (Chinese: 夏天的尾巴) is a 2007 Taiwanese film directed by Cheng Wen-Tang.
 Killer Bash is a 2005 homoerotic television horror film directed by David DeCoteau.
 Those Merry Souls is a 1985 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Lau Kar Wing. It is starring Yuen Biao and Eric Tsang.
 Song of the Open Road is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by S. Sylvan Simon from a screenplay by Irving Phillips and Edward Verdier. It was the debut film of teenage singer Jane Powell. Powell's real name was Suzanne Burce but prior to the release of this film MGM assigned her the stage name Jane Powell (the name of the character she portrays in this film).
 La quema de Judas is a 1975 Venezuelan drama film directed by Román Chalbaud. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Stargate: Continuum is a 2008 Canadian-American military science fiction direct-to-video film in the Stargate franchise and the second sequel to TV series Stargate SG1 after The Ark of Truth. It is directed by Martin Wood director and producer of many episodes of Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis written by SG-1 and Atlantis creator Brad Wright and produced by Wright and Ark of Truth director Robert C.
 Valley of Peace (Slovene: Dolina miru) is a 1956 Yugoslavian (Slovenian) war film directed by France Štiglic. It was in competition at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival where John Kitzmiller received the Best Actor award for his role as Sgt. Jim.The music for the film was written by the composer Marjan Kozina. He won the Golden Arena for Best Film Music for it.In English speaking countries it was released under the titles Mr.
 The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman.Adapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne a banker who spends 19 years in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence.
 All About Evil is a 2010 American black comedy horror film written and directed by Joshua Grannell.
 Chaalis Chauraasi (Hindi: चालीस चौरासी; English: Forty Eighty Four) is a Bollywood crime comedy film directed by Hriday Shetty and starring Naseeruddin Shah Atul Kulkarni Kay Kay Menon and Ravi Kishan. Most of the film was shot in Mumbai. It was released on January 13 2012.
 SistaGod is a 2006 Trinidadian fantasy drama the first in a trilogy by director Robert Yao Ramesar. The film stars Evelyn Caesar Munroe who also serves as the narrator of the story. She plays the role of Mari (the Sista God) who undergoes a transition from a girl who cheats death to a harbinger of death itself.The film is very surreal with a haunting musical score and Orisha songs sung by female calypsonian Ella Andall.
 August 15th is a 2008 Sundance Film Festival Short Film that has received Honorable Mentions in Short Filmmaking. It is available for download from online sources including iTunes Store Netflix and Xbox Live Marketplace.
 Sex and Zen II (玉蒲團二之玉女心經) is a 1996 Hong Kong film directed by Chin Man Kei. The film is a sequel to Sex and Zen (1991) and it was followed by Sex and Zen III (1998).
 The Water Babies is a 1978 animated feature film very loosely based on the book The Water-Babies by Charles Kingsley.
 Whispering Corridors (Hangul: 여고괴담; RR: Yeogogoedam) is a 1998 South Korean horror film.
 Her Brother (Japanese: Otôto) is a 1960 Japanese drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival where it won a prize for Special Distinction.In order to achieve a desaturated look for the film Ichikawa and cameraman Kazuo Miyagawa devised the cinematographic technique known as bleach bypass.
 Snow Angels is a 2007 drama film starring Sam Rockwell and Kate Beckinsale. It was directed by David Gordon Green who also wrote the screenplay adapted from Stewart O'Nan's 1994 novel of the same title. The film premiered in the dramatic competition at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It is a character driven film centered around several characters dealing with loss of innocence in a small town. Snow Angels was released on 7 March 2008.
 The Bike (Russian: Velik) was Maria Morozova's final work at the St. Petersburg State University of Film and Television. The film was based on the scenario by Maria Morozova. The shooting took place in summer 2007 in St. Petersburg the final mix of the film was completed in April 2008. The shooting format is 35 mm.The movie has already been shown at many foreign and domestic film festivals won the Grand Prix of Film Festival Scissors (2008 St. Petersburg) and other prizes.
 Ruby Sparks is a 2012 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris and written by Zoe Kazan. It stars Paul Dano as an anxious novelist whose fictional character Ruby Sparks played by Kazan comes to life.
 Beyond Mombasa is a 1956 film directed by George Marshall filmed and set in Kenya. It stars Cornel Wilde and Donna Reed.
 Okay Bill is a 1971 film directed by John G. Avildsen.
 A Wolf at the Door (Portuguese: O Lobo Atrás da Porta) is a 2013 Brazilian drama thriller film written and directed by Fernando Coimbra. The film follows the story of Sylvia and Bernardo the parents of a kidnapped boy and Rosa Bernardo's lover who is suspected for the kidnapping. It received the Horizontes Latinos award at the 61st edition of the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 Shree Rama Pattabhishekam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1962.The film is a copy of the 1942 Bollywood mythological Bharat Milap.
 Cha cha cha is a 2013 Italian crime-thriller film directed by Marco Risi. Loosely inspired by the works of Raymond Chandler it premiered at the 2013 Taormina Film Fest.
 Affair in the Snow (樹氷のよろめき Juhyô no yoromeki ) is a Japanese black-and-white film released in 1968. It was directed by Yoshishige Yoshida who wrote it in cooperation with Toshiro Ishido.
 Poojapushpam is a Malayalam language film starring Prem Nazeer Sheela and Thikurissi. It was released in 1969.
 Behind the Lines is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 633 Squadron is a 1964 British film which depicts the exploits of a fictional Second World War British fighter-bomber squadron and stars Cliff Robertson George Chakiris and Maria Perschy. The plot was based on a novel of the same name by Frederick E. Smith published in 1956 which itself drew on several real Royal Air Force operations. The film was directed by Walter Grauman and produced by Cecil F.
 One Last Thing... is a 2006 comedy-drama film produced by HDNet Films and released by Magnolia Pictures. It was screened at the Toronto Film Festival on September 12 2005 and had a limited release in the United States on May 5 2006. It was directed by Alex Steyermark and written by Barry Stringfellow.
 2001: Do Hazaar Ek is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1998 and stars Dimple Kapadia Jackie Shroff Rajat Bedi And Tabu.
 Porco Rosso (紅の豚 Kurenai no Buta lit. Crimson Pig) is a 1992 Japanese animated adventure film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is based on Hikōtei Jidai a three-part watercolor manga by Miyazaki. The film stars the voices of Shūichirō Moriyama Tokiko Kato Akemi Okamura and Akio Ōtsuka. Toshio Suzuki produced the film for Studio Ghibli.
 For the 1965 Frank Sinatra film see None But the Brave.None But the Brave (1928) is a silent feature film released by Fox Film Corporation directed by Albert Ray and starring Charles Morton Sally Phipps J. Farrell MacDonald Sharon Lynn and Tom Kennedy. One or two sequences were filmed in color possibly Multicolor or Technicolor's System 2.It is not known whether this film survives or is a lost film.
 La califfa (also known as The Lady Caliph) is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Bevilacqua. It was entered into the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.
 No Man Is an Island is a 1962 war film about the exploits of George Ray Tweed a United States Navy radioman who avoided capture and execution by the Japanese during their years-long World War II occupation of Guam. It stars Jeffrey Hunter as Tweed. Ironically the film was shot entirely in the Philippines and all the supporting actors spoke Tagalog rather than Chamorro much to the amusement of Chamorros who saw it.
 El Derecho de gozar is a 1968 Argentine film.
 Down Among the Z Men is a B/W 1952 British comedy film starring The Goons; Spike Milligan Peter Sellers Michael Bentine and Harry Secombe.
 Head in the Clouds is a 2004 drama film written and directed by John Duigan. The original screenplay focuses on the choices young lovers must make as they find themselves surrounded by increasing political unrest in late-1930s Europe.
 Bad Lands is a 1939 Western film.
 Coup de Torchon is a 1981 French film adaptation of Jim Thompson's 1964 novel Pop. 1280 directed by Bertrand Tavernier. The film changes the novel's setting from a West Texas oil boom town to a small town in French West Africa. The film had 2199309 Admissions in France and was the 16th most attended film of the year.
 Return to Macon County is a 1975 sequel of the 1974 drive-in classic Macon County Line. This film was written and directed by Richard Compton who was also responsible for the earlier film.Set in 1958 the film stars then little-known actors Nick Nolte (as Bo) and Don Johnson (as Harley). They play friends who are heading to California to enter a drag race.
 Jai Hind is a 1994 Tamil action film directed by Arjun. The film features Arjun and Ranjitha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 20 May 1994. Jai Hind achieved significantly positive reviews and became a major blockbuster.
 La Primera Noche (English: The First Night) is a 2003 Colombian film directed by Luis Alberto Restrepo. The film won 18 International Awards and was Colombia's submission for the Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category in 2004. Even though the movie was highly acclaimed after being released in some festivals throughout the United States it never made it to big theaters.
 Born Innocent is a 1974 American television movie which was first aired under the NBC World Premiere Movie umbrella on September 10 1974. Highly publicized and controversial Born Innocent was the highest-rated television movie to air in the United States in 1974. The movie deals with the physical psychological and sexual abuse of a teenage girl and included graphic content never before seen on American television at that time.
 Dark Prince: The True Story of Dracula (alternately titled Dracula: The Dark Prince and Dark Prince: Legend of Dracula) is a horror-war television film which premiered in the United States on the USA Network on Halloween October 31 2000. It is about Vlad III Dracula the Impaler the historical figure who gave Bram Stoker's Dracula his name.
 Matti Manushulu is a 1990 Telugu drama film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao starring Archana. The film which dealt with the lives of laborers and construction workers has won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. The film won Diploma of Merit award at the Moscow International Film Festival in 1989.
 The Desperadoes is a 1943 Western film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Randolph Scott Claire Trevor and Glenn Ford. Based on a story by Max Brand the film is about a wanted outlaw who arrives in town to rob a bank that has already been held up. His past and his friendship with the sheriff land them both in trouble. The Desperadoes was the first Columbia Pictures production to be released in Technicolor.
 Bring Home the Turkey is a 1927 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan. It was the 56th Our Gang short subject released.
 Getting Even With Dad is a 1994 American comedy film starring Macaulay Culkin and Ted Danson.
 The Blue Max is a 1966 British war film in DeLuxe Color and filmed in CinemaScope about a German fighter pilot on the Western Front during World War I. It was directed by John Guillermin stars George Peppard James Mason and Ursula Andress and features Karl Michael Vogler and Jeremy Kemp. The screenplay was written by David Pursall Jack Seddon and Gerald Hanley based on the novel of the same name by Jack D. Hunter as adapted by Ben Barzman and Basilio Franchina.
 My Sweet Pepper Land is a 2013 French-German co-production drama film directed by Huner Saleem.It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It was nominated in the 7th annual Asia Pacific Screen Awards for Achievement in Directing for Huner Saleem and Best Performance by an Actress for Golshifteh Farahani.
 Superstar is a 1999 comedy film and Saturday Night Live spin-off about a quirky socially inept girl named Mary Katherine Gallagher. The character was created by SNL star Molly Shannon and appeared as a recurring character on SNL in numerous skits. The story follows Mary Katherine trying to find her place in her Roman Catholic private school. The movie is directed by former The Kids in the Hall member Bruce McCulloch.It stars Molly Shannon Will Ferrell Harland Williams and Elaine Hendrix.
 Hoot Mon! is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Days Like This (Swedish: Leva livet) is a 2001 film directed by Mikael Håfström. It stars Kjell Bergqvist and Carina Johansson. It won two awards at the 2002 Guldbagge Awards.
 Brothers is a 1982 Australian film directed by Terry Bourke. It includes a re-enactment of the 1975 murder of the Balibo Five in East Timor.
 The Enemy Sex is a 1924 silent film drama starring Betty Compson and directed by her husband James Cruze. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures]]. It is taken fromt the novel The Salamander by Owen Johnson.A print is preserved at the Library of Congress Packard Campus.
 Breaking Point is a 1976 film directed by Bob Clark.
 Marked Woman is a dramatic crime film released by Warner Bros. in 1937. It was directed by Lloyd Bacon and stars Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart with featured performances by Lola Lane Isabel Jewell Rosalind Marquis Mayo Methot Jane Bryan Eduardo Ciannelli and Allen Jenkins.
 Sleepaway Camp IV: The Survivor is the fourth entry in the Sleepaway Camp series.
 El Complejo de Felipe is a 1951 Argentine film. It was directed by Juan Carlos Thorry and written by Julio Porter. It featured Enrique Serrano.
 Café de la plage is a 2001 French film written and directed by Benoît Graffin. The film stars Jacques Nolot Ouassini Embarek Leïla Belarbi Delia Amrani Meryem Serbah Mohamed El Hasnaoui Abdelaziz Semlali Hind Ramdi.
 City of Glass (玻璃之城; Boli zhi cheng) is a 1998 Hong Kong film directed by Mabel Cheung.
 Kenny & Company is a 1976 family film directed by Don Coscarelli who also made the Phantasm series. It stars A. Michael Baldwin and Reggie Bannister who would later star in Phantasm.
 El Recuerdo de aquella noche (Remembering That Night) is a 1945 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Kaaka Muttai (Tamil: காக்கா முட்டை; lit: Crow's Egg) is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language film written directed and filmed by M. Manikandan. The film is jointly produced by Dhanush and Vetrimaaran and features predominantly newcomers in the lead role. The film which will have music composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar will be a mid-2014 release.
 Chakkar Pe Chakkar is a 1977 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Ashok Roy. The film stars Shashi Kapoor and Rekha.
 I Have Two Mothers and Two Fathers (Croatian: Imam dvije mame i dva tate) is a 1968 Yugoslav/Croatian comedy drama film directed by Krešo Golik.The film won the Golden Arena for Best Actress (Mia Oremović) and Golden Arena for Best Cinematography (Ivica Rajković) at the 1968 Pula Film Festival the Yugoslav national film awards.In 1999 a poll of Croatian film critics found it to be one of the best Croatian films ever made.
 Donkey Punch is a 2005 pornographic film directed by Grip and Cram Johnson.
 The Bachelor Party is a 1953 teleplay by Paddy Chayefsky which was adapted by Chayefsky for a 1957 film.
 Dick Tracy vs. Crime Inc. (1941) is a Republic Movie serial based on the Dick Tracy comic strip. It was directed by the legendary serial team of William Witney and John English with Ralph Byrd reprising his role from the earlier serials. It was the last of the four Dick Tracy serials produced by Republic although Ralph Byrd went on to portray the character again in two features and on television.
 Force Majeure (Swedish: Turist) is an upcoming Swedish drama film directed by Ruben Östlund. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dangerous for Your Life! (Russian: Опасно для жизни Opasno dlya zizni) is a Soviet comedy film produced by Mosfilm in 1985.
 Girlfriend is a Hindi language Bollywood film released on 11 June 2004.The film is produced by Pammi Baweja written and directed by Karan Razdan and stars Aashish Chaudhary Amrita Arora and Ishaa Koppikar in the lead roles. The film deals with the subject of lesbianism.
 Black Rodeo is a 1972 documentary by filmmaker Jeff Kanew.
 A Man a Real One (French title: Un homme un vrai) is a 2003 film directed by Arnaud Larrieu and Jean-Marie Larrieu.
 Trio (also known as W. Somerset Maugham's Trio) is a 1950 British anthology film based on three short stories by W. Somerset Maugham: The Verger Mr. Know-All and Sanatorium. Ken Annakin directed The Verger and Mr.
 A Knight for a Day is a 1946 Disney short film starring Goofy. Directed by Jack Hannah this 7-minute animated comedy short was written Bill Peet. While classified as a Goofy cartoon Goofy himself is not used in this film but his likeness is used as a basis for all the characters.
 Eiffel I'm in Love is a 2003 Indonesian teen romantic comedy film directed by Nasri Cheppy.
 Whale Music is a 1994 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Richard J. Lewis. It is based on the comic novel of the same name by Paul Quarrington (who also wrote the screenplay).
 Stacey is a 1973 exploitation film directed by Andy Sidaris. Half the budget was provided by Roger Corman for his New World Pictures the rest was raised by Sidaris. It was re-released in 1975 as Stacy and Her Gangbusters.
 Youth of Chopin (Polish: Młodość Chopina) is a 1952 Polish film directed by Aleksander Ford.
 The Divine Lady is a 1929 Vitaphone sound film with a synchronized musical score and sound effects. The film however featured no spoken dialogue. The film tells the story of the love affair between Horatio Nelson and Emma Hamilton. It featured a theme song entitled Lady Divine with lyrics by Richard Kountz and music by Nathaniel (Nat) Shilkret.
 Stay More: The World of Donald Harrington is a 2013 documentary fil mabout author Donald Harington produced by Brian Walter based on interviews that Walter conducted with Harington and his wife in 2006–07.
 Blancanieves is a 2012 Spanish black-and-white silent fantasy drama film written and directed by Pablo Berger. Based on the fairy tale Snow White by the Brothers Grimm the story is set in a romantic vision of 1920s Andalusia. Berger calls it a love letter to European silent cinema.Blancanieves was Spain's 85th Academy Awards official submission to Best Foreign Language category but it did not make the shortlist.
 Orchestra Wives is a 1942 American musical film by 20th Century Fox starring Ann Rutherford George Montgomery and Glenn Miller. The film was the second and last film to feature The Glenn Miller Orchestra and is notable among the many swing era musicals because its plot is more serious and realistic than the insubstantial storylines that were typical of the genre. The movie was re-released in 1954 by 20th Century Fox to tie-in with the biopic The Glenn Miller Story.
 Madame Aema 7 (애마부인 7 - Aema Buin 7) is a 1992 South Korean film directed by Suk Do-won. It was the seventh entry in the Madame Aema series the longest-running film series in Korean cinema.
 The Perfect Crime is a 1937 British crime film directed by and starring Ralph Ince. It also featured Hugh Williams Glen Alyn Iris Hoey and Philip Ray.It is a romantic crime drama. A man tries to disappear but a theft and killing by someone else throws suspicion onto him.
 Heaven's Seven ( Thai: 7 ประจัญบาน ) is a Thai action and comedy film that was a remake of a television movie. Chalerm Wong Pim who is a Thai director decided to remake. Heaven’s Seven was released on 26 April 2002. Heaven's Seven movie is based on the third part of an original film that was shown on 22 January 1963 in Thailand.
 The Betrayed is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Amanda Gusack from her own screenplay and starring Melissa George Oded Fehr and Christian Campbell.The story follows a young woman as she's put through a psychological journey under the thumb of a mysterious figure who suspects her husband of stealing millions from a crime syndicate.
 Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster (also known as Scooby-Doo 4 or Scooby-Doo 4: Curse of the Lake Monster) is a live action/CGI television film directed by Brian Levant for Cartoon Network and based on the Saturday morning cartoon series Scooby-Doo by Hanna-Barbera. It is the fourth installment in the Scooby-Doo live-action film series and a sequel to the 2009 film Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins whose cast reprise their roles again here.
 An Ozark Romance is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 The Thing with Two Heads is a 1972 film directed by Lee Frost and written by Wes Bishop. The film stars Rosey Grier Ray Milland Don Marshall Roger Perry Kathy Baumann and Chelsea Brown.Some early visual effects work from Rick Baker is also featured. Today the movie is most notable for its soundtrack produced by MGM Records producer Michael Viner with a rotating cast of studio musicians that he called the Incredible Bongo Band.
 Bone Sickness is a low-budget 2004 horror film about a degenerative bone disease from the same director as Mummy Raider. The film runs for 98 minutes.
 Baraka is a 1992 non-narrative documentary film directed by Ron Fricke. The film is often compared to Koyaanisqatsi the first of the Qatsi films by Godfrey Reggio for which Fricke was cinematographer. Baraka was the first film in over twenty years to be photographed in the 70mm Todd-AO format and the first film ever to be restored and scanned at 8K resolution.
 Joan of Paris is a 1942 war film about five Royal Air Force pilots shot down over Nazi-occupied France during World War II and their attempt to escape to England. It starred Michèle Morgan Paul Henreid Thomas Mitchell and Laird Cregar. The film also contains a performance from Alan Ladd soon before he hit superstardom later that year.Roy Webb was nominated for the Academy Award for Original Music Score.
 Homo Sapiens 1900 is a 1998 documentary directed by Peter Cohen about various eugenics methods that were in practice in Europe during the first part of the 20th century.
 The Men Who Lost China is a documentary film created by Mitch Anderson. Released in 2013 the documentary explores the United States' attitude towards China following the 1911 Chinese Revolution and the First World War and how this and the attitude of other Western nations at the time helped shape China's national identity and in particular its foreign policy and alignment with the former Soviet Union.
 Blame it on Rio is a 1984 romantic comedy film written by Charlie Peters and Larry Gelbart and directed by Stanley Donen. The script is based on the 1977 French film Un moment d'égarement. The original music score was composed by Oscar Castro-Neves. Cast members included Michael Caine Joseph Bologna Michelle Johnson Demi Moore José Lewgoy and Valerie Harper.
 Zookeeper is a 2011 American romantic comedy film starring Kevin James and featuring the voices of Nick Nolte Sylvester Stallone Adam Sandler Judd Apatow Cher Jon Favreau and Faizon Love. The film contains computer animation is produced by Sandler's production company Happy Madison and was distributed by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was released on July 8 2011.
 Cinderella II: Dreams Come True is the first direct-to-video sequel to the 1950 Disney film Cinderella. It was made in 2001 and released on February 26 2002. It was followed by Cinderella III: A Twist in Time in 2007.
 The Blood of Hussain is a Pakistani film directed by Jamil Dehlavi and released in 1980 (released in February 1981 in the UK). The film was banned throughout Pakistan as the military junta led by General Zia-ul-Haq toppled the government of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto.
 Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives is a 1986 slasher film the sixth film in the Friday the 13th film series. The film was written and directed by Tom McLoughlin. Although the original concept called for Tommy Jarvis the protagonist of parts IV and V to become the new villain the poor fan reception of Friday the 13th: A New Beginning prompted the producers to bring back Jason Voorhees as the series' antagonist.
 Image of the Beast is a 1981 film by Russell S. Doughten and directed by Donald M. Thompson. It is part of a series of four films popular in evangelical Christian groups dealing with the subject of bible prophecy. The film is an account of the rise of the antichrist who establishes a world government and forces everybody to take the mark of the beast. A handful of Christians refuse to take the mark and try to survive living apart from society.
 Sahukara (Kannada: ಸಾಹುಕಾರ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced by K. Manju. The film stars V. Ravichandran Rambha Shashikumar and Anu Prabhakar in the lead roles. Veteran actor Vishnuvardhan made a special appearance in the film. The film was a remake of Tamil blockbuster film Muthu directed by K. S. Ravikumar and starring Rajinikanth and Meena in the lead roles.
 Bachelor's Affairs is a 1932 film based on the play Precious by James Forbes. While its availability for viewing is currently limited it has been preserved by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Dirt Merchant is an independent comedy film that premiered on SightSound.com on September 19 1999 and premiered on DVD on June 11 2002. The film was written and directed by B.J. Nelson and stars Danny Masterson (That '70s Show) and Julie Benz (Dexter). It is notable for adult film actress Jenna Jameson's first mainstream appearance. It was filmed in Los Angeles California and originally titled My Name is Dirt.
 Mengejar Mas-Mas is a 2007 Indonesian comedy drama film directed by Rudy Soedjarwo and written by Monty Tiwa.
 The Wolves of Willoughby Chase is a 1989 film adaptation of The Wolves of Willoughby Chase directed by Stuart Orme with a screenplay by William M. Akers. The cast includes Stephanie Beacham as Miss Slighcarp Mel Smith as Mr. Grimshaw Richard O'Brien as James and Jane Horrocks as Pattern. Newcomers Emily Hudson and Aleks Darowska played Bonnie and Sylvia.
 Going Highbrow is a 1935 American comedy-musical film directed by Robert Florey. Guy Kibbee and Zazu Pitts play a newly rich couple so eager to buy their way into society they hire a waitress to pose as their daughter.
 This Is Spinal Tap is an American 1984 rock music mockumentary written scored by and starring Rob Reiner Christopher Guest Michael McKean and Harry Shearer. The film portrays the fictional British heavy metal band Spinal Tap.
 Indestructible Man (1956) is an American black-and-white science fiction film an original screenplay by Vy Russell and Sue Dwiggins for producer-director Jack Pollexfen and starring Lon Chaney Jr.. It was produced independently and picked up after completion for distribution in the United States by Allied Artists Pictures Corporation. It is somewhat of a remake of Chaney's 1941 film Man Made Monster and owes much to Frankenstein.
 BoyBand is a comedic feature film released in 2010 that depicts the fictional saga of the first ever American boyband. The film stars Michael Copon Robert Hoffman Ryan Hansen Ryan Pinkston Ernest Phillips Lorenzo Hooker III Kurt Fuller Ming-Na Richard Riehle and Tom Wright. The film was shot entirely in the county of Worcester Massachusetts and even features a fictional Worcester High School. BoyBand was produced by Worcester based Artigo/Ajemian films.
 Kadhaludan (English: With Love) is a 2003 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Rajakumaran. The film features Murali Devayani and Abbas in lead roles. The film produced by Devayani had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 14 February 2003 coinciding with the Valentine's Day.
 Captain Poison (Spanish: Capitán Veneno) is a 1943 Argentine comedy-drama film.
 100.000 dollari per Ringo is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Alberto De Martino.It was shown as part of a retrospective on Spaghetti Western at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
 A Chinese Ghost Story (Wade–Giles: Ch'ien-nü Yu-hun; literally The Ethereal Spirit of a Beauty) is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic comedy horror film starring Leslie Cheung Joey Wong and Wu Ma directed by Ching Siu-tung and produced by Tsui Hark. The plot was loosely based on a short story from Qing Dynasty writer Pu Songling's Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio (聊齋誌異) and also inspired by the 1960 Shaw Brothers Studio film The Enchanting Shadow.
 Flannel Pajamas is a 2006 film directed by Jeff Lipsky starring Julianne Nicholson and Justin Kirk. It charts the course of a short-lived marriage from its passionate beginning through the daily erosion of feeling and romance to separation. Filmed in New York City NY Rockland County NY and Chester Springs PA with a budget of just under $500000 it was shown at Sundance Film Festival where it was nominated for a Grand Jury prize.
 Bubble Boy is a 2001 comedy film directed by Blair Hayes and stars Jake Gyllenhaal in the title role. It was inspired by the 1976 movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble.
 Yonggary or Yongary (Hangul: 대괴수 용가리; RR: Taekoesu Yongary; lit. Great Monster Yongary) also known as Yongary Monster from the Deep is a 1967 South Korean Kaiju film directed by prominent genre-film director Kim Ki-duk (no relation to the art film director Kim Ki-duk). In 1999 a reimagining of the film was produced released in Korea simply as Yonggary and released in the United States as Reptilian.
 The Fluffer a 2001 American independent film is a triangular story of obsessive love set against the backdrop of the adult video industry. The film was written by Wash West and co-directed by West and his life partner Richard Glatzer.
 Rosa Luxemburg (German: Die Geduld der Rosa Luxemburg) is a 1986 West German drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival where Barbara Sukowa won the award for Best Actress. Moreover the film received the German Film Award (Bundesfilmpreis) for being considered 1986's best feature film.
 Rehearsing a Dream is a short documentary directed and produced by four time Academy Award nominees Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon. Cinematography by Buddy Squires and Steve McCarthy edited by Nancy Baker and a Production of Simon & Goodman Picture Company.
 Vaaimai is an upcoming Indian Tamil film written and directed by A. Senthil Kumar a former associate of Vasantha Balan. It has Shanthnu Bhagyaraj's and Muktha Bhanu of Thaamirabharani fame in the lead roles. The film marks the return of ace comedian Goundamani while Thyagarajan Ramki Urvashi Manoj K. Bharathi and Poornima Bhagyaraj are also part of the cast. The film started in February 2013.
 Rasathanthram (Malayalam : രസതന്ത്രം English : Chemistry) is a 2006 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Sathyan Anthikkad starring Mohanlal and Meera Jasmine in lead roles. Other actors include Bharath Gopi KPAC Lalitha Innocent Oduvil Unnikrishnan and Mamukkoya. Director Sathyan Anthikkad got the Mathrubhumi Best Director award for this film. Music director Ilayaraja scored the music.
 Ghashiram Kotwal is a Marathi play written by playwright Vijay Tendulkar in 1972 as a response to the rise of a local political party Shiv Sena in Maharashta. The play is a political satire written as historical drama. Based on the life of Nana Phadnavis (1741–1800) one of the prominent ministers in the court of the Peshwa of Pune. Its theme is how men in power give rise to ideologies to serve their purposes and later destroy them when they become useless.
 Fixer Dugan is a 1939 drama film starring Lee Tracy as a circus promoter who decides to help out an orphaned girl played by Virginia Weidler. The film was directed by Lew Landers released by RKO Radio Pictures and is based on the play What's a Fixer For? by H.C. Potter.
 Buccaneer's Girl is a 1950 American romantic adventure film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Yvonne De Carlo Philip Friend and Robert Douglas. A New Orleans singer becomes involved with a Pirate Lord.
 My Paparotti (Hangul: 파파로티; RR: Paparoti) is a 2013 South Korean film starring Lee Je-hoon and Han Suk-kyu.
 Cinema in Sudan: conversations with Gadalla Gubara is a French 2008 documentary film.
 Kohinoor is a 1960 Bollywood film produced by Dr V. N. Sinha and directed by S U Sunny. The film stars Dilip Kumar Meena Kumari Leela Chitnis and Kumkum. The films music is by Naushad.It is said that Dilip Kumar went into depression after playing tragic roles in films such as Devdas and his psychiatrist recommended to do light roles. One such role that he took up was Kohinoor.
 Puppet Master: The Legacy (Otherwise known as Puppet Master 8: The Legacy ) is a 2003 Direct-to-DVD horror film written by C. Courtney Joyner and David Schmoeller and directed by Charles Band.
 David Wants to Fly is a 2010 German documentary film that follows its director Berlin-based film school graduate David Sieveking as he interacts with his film hero David Lynch and explores the Transcendental Meditation movement. The film chronicles a period of time in Sieveking's life that includes his off-and-on relationship with his girlfriend as well as his travels to the United States Holland and India. The film has received awards and honorable mentions as well as criticism.
 The Flirt is a 1917 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Copies of the film survive in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and the British Film Institute.
 Hanna's War is a 1988 film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan. The film is based on The Diaries Of Hanna Senesh and the biographical novel A Great Wind Cometh by Yoel Palgi. It is a biopic detailing the true story of Hannah Szenes.
 An Elastic Affair (1930) is a 10-minute short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which features the two winners—Cyril Butcher (1909-1988) as the Boy and Aileen Despard (born 1909) as the Girl—of a film acting scholarship sponsored by British film magazine Film Weekly.The film was shown on 19 January 1930 at a ceremony at the London Palladium at which the two winners were presented with their award in the form of movie contracts with the film producer John Maxwell of British International Pictures. 
 The Spy (Hangul: 간첩; RR: Gancheop) is a 2012 South Korean action comedy film starring Kim Myung-min Yeom Jeong-ah Byun Hee-bong Jung Gyu-woon Yoo Hae-jin and directed by Woo Min-ho. It is about North Korean undercover spies living mundane lives in South Korea. The film was released on September 20 2012 and ran for 115 minutes. It attracted 1310895 admissions nationwide.
 The Headless Woman (Spanish: Una mujer sin cabeza) is an Argentine film directed by Luis César Amadori and stars Niní Marshall.
 Man in the Attic is a 1953 mystery film directed by Hugo Fregonese. It was released in the United States on December 23 by Twentieth Century Fox. The movie based on the 1913 novel The Lodger by Marie Belloc Lowndes fictionalizes the Jack the Ripper killings which was previously filmed by Alfred Hitchcock in 1927 by Maurice Elvey in 1932 by John Brahm in 1944 and subsequently by David Ondaatje in 2009.The story takes place in London 1888.
 Back from Eternity is a 1956 drama film about a planeload of people stranded in the South American jungle and subsequently menaced by headhunters. It is a remake of an earlier 1939 film Five Came Back starred Chester Morris and Lucille Ball also directed and produced by John Farrow. Richard Carroll who is credited with writing the story for Back from Eternity wrote the original story for Five Came Back.Robert Ryan Rod Steiger Anita Ekberg and Gene Barry star in this version.
 Manhunter is a 1986 American crime thriller film based on Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon. Written and directed by Michael Mann it stars William Petersen as Will Graham and features Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecktor. When asked to investigate a killer known as The Tooth Fairy FBI profiler Will Graham comes out of retirement to lend his talents to the case but in doing so he must confront the specter of his past and meet with a jailed killer who nearly counted Graham amongst his victims.
 B-Girl is a 2009 dance film written and directed by Emily Dell and starring Julie Urich Missy Yager Wesley Jonathan Drew Sidora Aimee Garcia James Martinez and based on director Emily Dell's 2004 short film of the same name.
 Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning 2007 documentary film about fans of the New York Mets. Directed produced and edited by Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn the film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 and 2006 baseball seasons culminating in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS.
 Sweet 'n Short is a 1991 Leon Schuster movie made in South Africa. It was directed by Gray Hofmeyr.Tagline: Oh Schucks...it's the New South Africa!.
 Her Fatal Ways is a 1990 Hong Kong crime-comedy film. It is directed and written by Alfred Cheung Kin Ting and stars Carol Dodo Cheng Tony Leung Ka-Fai Sunny Fang Kang Michael Chow Sheila Chan and the Director himself. The film won the 10th Hong Kong Film Award for the Best Actress.This film takes place in Hong Kong where Mainland Chinese MPS officer Cheng Shih-nan (Cheng) extradites drug-dealer Wong Ti (Chow) to the Royal Hong Kong Police.
 By Candlelight is a 1933 American comedy film directed by James Whale. The film is based on the Austrian play Candle Light by Siegfried Geyer and Karl Farkas. The film stars Elissa Landi Paul Lukas Nils Asther and Dorothy Revier. A musical version adapted by Rowland Leigh Cole Porter Robert Katscher and Edwin Gilbert premiered in 1938 under the title You Never Know but was a critical and box office flop that closed after only 78 performances.
 Unbowed (Hangul: 부러진 화살; RR: Bureojin Hwasal) is a 2011 South Korean courtroom drama film starring Ahn Sung-ki and Park Won-sang.
 Direct Hit is a 1994 action film starring William Forsythe and directed by Joseph Merhi.
 The Hollow Crown is a series of British television films featuring William Shakespeare's History Plays. The first cycle is an adaptation of Shakespeare's second historical tetralogy the Henriad: Richard II Henry IV Part I and Henry IV Part II (treated as one film in two parts in the series) and Henry V. It starred Ben Whishaw Jeremy Irons and Tom Hiddleston. Olivier Award winners Rupert Goold Richard Eyre and Thea Sharrock directed the telefilms.
 Four Days in November is a 1964 American documentary film directed by Mel Stuart about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
 Meet Me in St. Louis is a 1944 musical film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer which tells the story of an American family living in St. Louis at the time of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition World's Fair in 1904. It stars Judy Garland Margaret O'Brien Mary Astor Lucille Bremer Tom Drake Leon Ames Marjorie Main June Lockhart and Joan Carroll.The movie was adapted by Irving Brecher and Fred F.
 Luitok Bhetibo Kune (Assamese: লুইতক ভেটিব কোনে) is a 2013 Assamese drama film directed by Prabin Bora with his own screenplay and produced by himself under the banner of Bistirna Films. The story script and dialogues of 'Luitok Bhetibo Kune' are by Prabin Bora himself. Cinematography by Naba Kumar Das and Benu Neog. Music is scored by the renowned flautist Dipak Sarma. Background music is scored by Abani Ranjan Pathak. The lyrics are written by Prabin Bora and Bikash Barua.
 Bommalata (Telugu: బొమ్మలాట English translation: Puppet Show Also known as: A Belly Full of Dreams) is a Telugu children's film directed by Prakash KovelamudiThe film's Puppetry work was done by Dadi Pudumjee along with art direction by Bhupesh R Bhupathi won the Best Film in Telugu at the 53rd National Awards. Sai Kumar won the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for the film.
 Siberian Education (Italian: Educazione siberiana) is a 2013 Italian crime-drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. It is based on the autobiographic novel with the same name written by Nicolai Lilin. The film was nominated to 11 David di Donatello awards including best film and best director. Mauro Pagani won the Ciak d'oro for best score.
 Spanglish is a 2004 American comedy-drama film written and directed by James L. Brooks and starring Adam Sandler Paz Vega and Téa Leoni. It was released in the United States on December 17 2004 by Columbia Pictures and by Gracie Films and in other countries over the first several months of 2005. This film grossed $55041367	 worldwide significantly less than the $80 million production budget.
 Bamako is a 2006 film directed by Abderrahmane Sissako first released at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival on 21 May and in Manhattan by New Yorker Films on 14 February 2007.The film depicts a trial taking place in Bamako the capital of Mali amid the daily life that is going on in the city.
 The Magnificent Seven Ride is a 1972 western film and is the third and last sequel of the 1960 western The Magnificent Seven. It stars Lee Van Cleef as Chris Adams succeeding Yul Brynner and George Kennedy in the role. It was directed by George McCowan.
 Slightly Scarlet is a 1956 American film noir based on James M. Cain's novel Love's Lovely Counterfeit. The movie was directed by Allan Dwan and the film's cinematography was shot in widescreen by noted cameraman John Alton.The picture tells the story of Ben Grace (John Payne) a man working for a powerful metropolitan crime boss—Solly Caspar (Ted de Corsia) -- and their involvement with two sisters (Rhonda Fleming and Arlene Dahl).
 Murder In Mind is a 1997 crime film directed by Andrew Morahan.
 Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is a 2005 film starring and directed by Albert Brooks. It was shown at the Dubai International Film Festival.
 When Night is Falling is a 1995 Canadian drama film directed by Patricia Rozema. It was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dayere Zangi (Dayere zangi or Dayereh-e zangi) (Persian: دایره زنگی; English: Tambourine‎) is a 2008 Iranian film directed by Parisa Bakhtavar and written by her director husband Asghar Farhadi. It was released in Iran during Nowrooz holidays and was an average gross.
 Ballet Shoes is a 2007 British television film adapted by Heidi Thomas from Noel Streatfeild's 1936 novel Ballet Shoes. It was produced by Granada Productions (formerly Granada Television) and premiered on BBC One on 26 December 2007. It is directed by Sandra Goldbacher.A previous adaptation of Ballet Shoes was produced in serial format by the BBC in 1975 and directed by Timothy Combe.
 Christmas Every Day is a 1996 American television movie based on William Dean Howells's 1892 short story Christmas Every Day.It was directed by Larry Peerce starred Erik von Detten and originally broadcast on The Family Channel during their first 25 Days of Christmas programming block.The movie was remade into an ABC Family TV movie in 2006 titled Christmas Do-Over.
 The Young Americans is a 1993 crime drama that marked the feature film debut of British director Danny Cannon and his friend David Arnold best known for composing scores for five of the James Bond films.
 Nashville Rises is the first documentary film about the city of Nashville Tennessee's response to the 2010 Tennessee floods. It premiered at the 42nd Nashville Film Festival on April 14 2011 and received the festival's Ground Zero Tennessee Spirit Award for Best Short Documentary Film. The film was narrated by Billy Bob Thornton and directed by Zac Adams.
 If All the Guys in the World (original French title: Si tous les gars du monde) is a film made in 1955. It won a BAFTA Award in 1957 a Crystal Globe award at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1956 and a Best Screenplay-Foreign Film award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival in 1956 as well as a Golden Laurel winner at the Edinburgh Film Festival.
 The Only Game in Town is a 1970 American drama film the last directed by George Stevens. It stars Elizabeth Taylor and Warren Beatty. The screenplay by Frank D. Gilroy is based on his play of the same name which had a brief run on Broadway in 1968.
 The Bolero is a 1973 American short documentary film directed by Allan Miller and William Fertik. It won an Academy Award at the 46th Academy Awards in 1974 for Best Short Subject.
 Doktor ludosti is a Croatian comedy film directed by Fadil Hadzic. It was released in 2003.
 Last Vegas is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub starring Michael Douglas Robert De Niro Morgan Freeman and Kevin Kline. The film was released on November 1 2013.
 Neo Ned is a 2005 film starring Jeremy Renner Gabrielle Union Sally Kirkland Cary Elwes Eddie Kaye Thomas and Ethan Suplee. It was written by Tim Boughn and directed by Van Fischer.
 Patti Rocks is a 1988 comedy film starring John Jenkins Karen Landry and Chris Mulkey and directed by David Burton Morris.
 Moord in het Modehuis is a 1946 Dutch film directed by Alfred Mazure.
 Neerparavai (English: Seabird) is a 2012 Tamil drama film directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin. It stars Vishnu and Sunaina in the lead roles. The movie released on 30 November 2012 to positive reviews from critics.
 Fighting Trooper is a 1934 American film directed by Ray Taylor.The film is also known as The Trooper in the United Kingdom.
 I Was Born But... (Japanese: 大人の見る絵本　生れてはみたけれど Otona no miru ehon - Umarete wa mita keredo An Adult's Picture Book View — I Was Born But...) is a 1932 black-and-white Japanese silent film directed by Yasujiro Ozu. It became the first of six Ozu films to win the Kinema Junpō Critics' Prize.
 Hoffman is a 1970 British film directed by Alvin Rakoff and starring Peter Sellers Sinéad Cusack Jennifer Ruth Dunning and Jeremy Bulloch.It is notable for the haunting music by Ron Grainer the theatrical art of scene setting fine color cinematography and as one of Sellers' few 'straight' performances.
 Satanic is a 2006 American horror film directed by Dan Golden starring Annie Sorell Jeffrey Combs Angus Scrimm and James Russo.
 I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can is a 1982 American biographical film directed by Jack Hofsiss starring Jill Clayburgh. The screenplay by David Rabe is based on the memoir of the same title by Emmy Award-winning documentary filmmaker Barbara Gordon whose addiction to and difficult withdrawal from Valium serves as the basis of the plot.
 Son of Maryam (Persian: 'ﭕﺴﺮ مريم' Pesar-e Maryam‎) (1998) is an Iranian drama film directed by Hamid Jebelli and starring Rafik Dergabrilian Mohsen Falsafin Hadi Nainizadeh. The movie is about a young Persian boy who befriends an Assyrian priest and learns tolerance toward Christians in post-revolution Iran.
 The Respected Comrade Supreme Commander Is Our Destiny (Hangul: 경애하는 최고사령관동지는 우리의 운명; hanja: 敬愛하는 最高司令官同志는 우리의 運命; RR: Gyeongaehaneun choego saryeonggwan dongjineun uriui unmyeong; MR: Kyŏngaehanŭn ch’oego saryŏnggwan tongjinŭn uriŭi unmyŏng) is a 2008 North Korean film described by the North Korean State news agency KCNA as a documentary film.It was screened at the People's Palace of Culture in Pyongyang in August 2008 for the 48th anniversary of Kim Jong-il's first steps in his Songun revolution leadership and aimed at celebrating him as the author of the policy. 
 Live It Up! is a British music-film (US release title: Sing and Swing) released in 1963. It was filmed at Pinewood Film Studios in London England and featured Gene Vincent Jenny Moss The Outlaws Patsy Ann Noble The Saints and Heinz Burt (most of them being produced by Joe Meek who wrote the film's theme) among others. It was filmed at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire England.
 Twenty-One is a British-American drama film directed by Don Boyd and co-scripted by him with Zoë Heller. Patsy Kensit stars as the 21-year-old protagonist. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in February 1991. It was released theatrically later that year in the United States on 4 October followed by a British release on 1 November.
 Vietnam Vietnam was a United States Information Agency (USIA) film about the Vietnam War. The film narrated by Charlton Heston was shot on location in Vietnam in October–December 1968 but not released until 1971. Though John Ford the Executive Producer went to Vietnam he did not participate in production work there.
 Pope Joan is a 1972 British mediaeval costume drama film based on the story of Pope Joan. Even though modern consensus generally disputes Pope Joan as legendary in this film she is treated as fact.It was directed by Michael Anderson and has a cast which includes Liv Ullmann (in the lead role) Olivia de Havilland Lesley-Anne Down Franco Nero and Maximilian Schell. The soundtrack was composed by Maurice Jarre the father of the notable electronica pioneer Jean Michel Jarre.
 The Magic of Belle Isle is a 2012 drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Guy Thomas. The film's cast includes Morgan Freeman and Virginia Madsen.
 House Arrest is a 1996 comedy film. The film was directed by Harry Winer who has directed other films but is more prolific as a television series director. The film stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Kevin Pollak. The film boasts a very thorough supporting cast in Christopher McDonald Wallace Shawn Jennifer Tilly and an up-and-coming Jennifer Love Hewitt.House Arrest was released on August 14 1996 and went on to gross just over $7 million at the box office.
 Second Effort is a 1968 sales training film starring Vince Lombardi the Hall of Fame head coach of the Green Bay Packers. The film also featured veteran character actor Ron Masak and other members of the Green Bay Packers organization including offensive lineman Jerry Kramer. It has been cited as a classic and as the best-selling training film of all time. The film is still in use in leadership and management courses.
 Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage. The film stars Bruce Willis Morgan Freeman John Malkovich Mary-Louise Parker Helen Mirren and Karl Urban with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber.
 Mabel's Awful Mistakes is a 1913 film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Mack Sennett. The film also features Mack Sennett Ford Sterling and Edgar Kennedy.
 Haifa is a 1996 Palestinian drama film directed by Rashid Masharawi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 Les Tortillards English: Small local trains is a French comedy film from 1960 directed by Jean Bastia written by Pierre Gaspard-Huit starring Jean Richard and Louis de Funès. The film was known under the titles: Io... mio figlio e la fidanzata (Italy) Der Umstandskrämer (East Germany).
 Puss in Boots is an animated direct-to-video movie created in 1999 by Phil Nibbelink. It is based on the story Puss in Boots.It featured the voices of Judge Reinhold Dan Haggerty Michael York and Vivian Schilling.
 Sugar is a Canadian romantic drama film released in 2004. The film was directed by John Palmer and written by Palmer Todd Klinck and Jaie Laplante based on short stories by Bruce LaBruce.The film stars Andre Noble as Cliff a sheltered and insecure suburban teenager being introduced to gay street life by Butch (Brendan Fehr) a hustler.
 Paisa is a 2014 Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamsi produced by Ramesh Puppala under Yellow Flowers banner featuring Nani and Catherine Tresa in the lead. It was written by Padmasri K. K. Binojee and Patrikeya. It deals with the power of money and how the whole world revolves around it. The film was scheduled to release on December 20 2013 with an 'A' certificate from censor board. However the film released worldwide on February 7 2014.
 Aurat is a 1940 Hindi film directed by Mehboob Khan starring Sardar Akhtar Surendra Kanhaiyalal and Arun (father of actor Govinda). The film's music is by Anil Biswas and dialogue by Wajahat Mirza. Mehboob Khan later remade this film as Mother India (1957) which is considered as one of the biggest hits of all time in Indian Cinema (and again repeated Wajahat Mirza for dialogues Kanhiyalal as Sukhi Lala and Faredoon Irani for cinematography).
 Autonagar Surya is a 2014 Telugu film directed by Deva Katta. The film which is said to be a political thriller film stars Naga Chaitanya and Samantha in the lead while starring Rakul Preet Singh Sai Kumar in pivotial roles. Anoop Rubens composed the music for the film while Srikanth Naroj known for his work in the 2011 film Hostel handled the Cinematography. Gautham Raju handled the editing Department. The Principal photography started officially on 14 October 2011 at Hyderabad.
 Chhota Bheem & Ganesh is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Indian television cartoon program Chhota Bheem and Ganesh the star of the program Bal Ganesh. It was the second movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time 22 mins.
 Mr. Forbush and the Penguins also known as Cry of the Penguins is a 1971 British film directed by Arne Sucksdorff Alfred Viola and Roy Boulting. It stars John Hurt Hayley Mills Dudley Sutton and Tony Britton.
 Louis Martin & Michael is a British documentary that was televised on 16 November 2003.After losing out to Martin Bashir for an opportunity to produce an official Michael Jackson documentary Louis Theroux tries his best to obtain an interview with Michael but cannot. In the process Louis is seen meeting with Uri Geller and Michael's father Joseph Jackson. Louis is required to pay $5000 to interview Michael's father.
 Black Dalia is a 2009 Malayalam film the first directed by the popular Malayalam villain and character actor Baburaj (husband of actress Vani Viswanath). The film stars Suresh Gopi Baburaj and Vani Viswanath.Punjabi actress Cherrie Minhas Sri Lankan actress Tami Dushyantha Tamil-Telugu actress Suja Naidu Malayalee actresses Teena Ponnamma Ruksha Jisna Ali Althara Kavitha Nair Pavithra and Thegika from Hyderabad played the ten heroines .
 Island of Roses: The Jews of Rhodes in Los Angeles is a 1995 documentary about the dying Sephardic community in Los Angeles. The film shares shares interviews with some of the last surviving immigrants who offer nostalgic memories of their lost home and explores how the once vibrant community of Rhodes Jews in Los Angeles now struggles to preserve its traditions as younger assimilated generations have to make a conscious effort to maintain the practices of their ancestors.
 Wavelength is a 45-minute film that made the reputation of Canadian experimental filmmaker and artist Michael Snow. Considered a landmark of avant-garde cinema it was filmed over one week in December 1966 and edited in 1967 and is an example of what film theorist P. Adams Sitney describes as structural film calling Snow the dean of structural filmmakers. Wavelength is often listed as one of the greatest underground art house and Canadian films ever made.
 Hide and Shriek is a 1938 Our Gang short subject directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 168th Our Gang entry in the series and the last to involve series creator Hal Roach.
 Aranya Rodan (Oriya: ଅରଣ୍ୟ ରୋଦନ English Cry in the wildness) is a 1993 Indian Oriya film directed by Biplab Ray Chaudhuri based on the novel Ashanta Arayana by Oriya writer Satakadi Hota.
 Nazar is a Hindi film directed by Soni Razdan starring Meera and Ashmit Patel. It was the first Indo-Pakistani joint movie venture in 50 years. The film introduces Pakistani actress Meera to Bollywood and it also featured a kissing scene (afterwards cut) which was center of attention for the Pakistani government. Nazar was released along with Naina another film based on the similar theme of extra-sensory perception.
 Imitation of Life is a 1959 film directed by Douglas Sirk produced by Ross Hunter and released by Universal Pictures starring Lana Turner and John Gavin. It was Sirk's final Hollywood film and dealt with issues of race class and gender.The cast also features Sandra Dee Dan O'Herlihy Susan Kohner Robert Alda and Juanita Moore as Annie Johnson. Kohner and Moore received Academy Award nominations for their performances.
 Genesis is a 1986 Hindi-language movie directed by Mrinal Sen. The film stars Shabana Azmi Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hannibal Rising is a 2007 horror film and the fifth film of the Hannibal Lecter franchise. It is a prequel to the previous three films: Red Dragon The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal. The film is an adaptation of Thomas Harris' 2006 novel of the same name and tells the story of Lecter's evolution into the infamous cannibal/serial killer of the previous films and books.French actor Gaspard Ulliel portrays Lecter.
 The Rice People (米 Kome) is a 1957 Japanese drama film directed by Tadashi Imai.
 Pati Patni Aur Tawaif is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajkumar Kohli starring Mithun Chakraborty Salma Agha Farha Naaz and Om Prakash
 Inchon (also called Inchon!) is a 1981 South Korean-American war film about the Battle of Inchon considered to be the turning point of the Korean War. The film was directed by Terence Young and financed by Unification Church founder Sun Myung Moon. It stars Laurence Olivier as General Douglas MacArthur who led the United States surprise amphibious landing at Incheon South Korea in 1950. Also featured are Jacqueline Bisset Ben Gazzara Toshirō Mifune and Richard Roundtree.
 Tale of a Dog is a 1944 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Cyril Endfield. It was the 219th Our Gang short to be released and the penultimate film in the series. Tale of a Dog was actually sold to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer not as an Our Gang comedy but as part of its MGM Miniatures variety series.
 Gudgudee (Devanagari: गुदगुदी Nastaliq:گدگدی English:Tickle) is an Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee and was released in 1997.
 Mabel's Nerve (1914) is a comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by George Nichols.
 Prom Night is a 2008 American slasher film from Screen Gems directed by Nelson McCormick and starring Brittany Snow. The film is a re-imagining of the 1980 Canadian horror film of the same name.
 Carousel (Swedish: Karusellen) is a 1923 Swedish silent drama film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Walter Janssen Aud Egede-Nissen and Alfons Fryland. It was one of a number of circus-themed films released during the era. It was shot at the Johannisthal Studios in Berlin and on location in Sweden and Denmark.
 Endure is a 2010 crime thriller film directed and written by Joe O'Brien. It stars Judd Nelson Devon Sawa Tom Arnold and Joey Lauren Adams. The story revolves around a police detective investigating a photo of a female victim who is gagged and restrained to a tree which is found inside a car involved in a fatal car crash.
 The Barefoot Executive is a live-action Walt Disney Productions film released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1971 starring Kurt Russell Joe Flynn Wally Cox Heather North and John Ritter (in his film debut) about a pet chimpanzee named Raffles who can predict the popularity of television programs.
 D.E.B.S. is a 2004 American action-comedy film written and directed by Angela Robinson. It is an expansion of a short film D.E.B.S. that made the festival circuit (including the Sundance Film Festival). The film is both a parody and an emulation of the Charlie's Angels format. The plot revolves around the lesbian love story between one of the heroes and the villain.
 Rhapsody is a 1954 American musical romance drama film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Elizabeth Taylor Vittorio Gassman John Ericson and Louis Calhern.
 The Only Good Indian is a 2009 independent feature film directed by Kevin Willmott.The film was shot almost entirely in Kansas—the only exception being a scene at Missouri's Ha Ha Tonka State Park—featuring locations such as the Monument Rocks and Fort Larned. Filming occurred in 2007-2008 and the movie premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival subsequently showing at other film festivals.
 Alex Haley's Queen (also known as Queen) is a 1993 American television miniseries that aired in three installments on February 14 16 and 18 on CBS. The miniseries is an adaptation of the novel Queen: The Story of an American Family by Alex Haley and David Stevens. The novel is based on the life of Queen Jackson Haley Haley's paternal grandmother. Alex Haley died in February 1992 before completing the novel. It was later finished by David Stevens and published in 1993.
 Anjaane (The Unknown) is the name of an Indian ghost movie a Bollywood movie released in 2005. The main cast consisted of Manisha Koirala Sanjay Kapoor Tejaswini Kolhapure and Helen Tanwi Gouri MehtaAnand Mehta. The film was directed by Harry W. Fernandes. The genre of the film is horror-drama. The movie is based on Alejandro Amenábar's ghost story The Others starring Nicole Kidman.
 The Rounders is a 1914 comedy short starring Charles Chaplin and Roscoe Arbuckle. The film involves two drunks fighting with their wives who then go out to get even drunker and was written and directed by Charles Chaplin.
 The We and the I is a 2012 American drama film co-written and directed by Michel Gondry. The film was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. During the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival 108 Media and Paladin acquired the North American rights to the film with a release date of March 8 2013. The movie is about teenagers who ride the same bus route on their last day of high school and the film was shot in The Bronx New York City New York.
 Sevants All is a 1936 British short comedy film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Robb Wilton Eve Lister and Cyril Cusack. A group of servants switch places with the aristocrats they work for.
 Kadhal Desam (Land of Love) is a 1996 Tamil romance film directed by Kathir and produced by K. T. Kunjumon. The film starred Abbas Vineeth and Tabu in the lead roles while S. P. Balasubrahmanyam Vadivelu Chinni Jayanth and Srividya played other pivotal characters. K. V. Anand was the cinematographer for the project and A. R. Rahman composed the film's soundtrack and score. The film opened in August 1996 to positive reviews from critics and became a commercial success.
 Yaps and Yokels is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Kaamana Billu (Kannada: ಕಾಮನ ಬಿಲ್ಲು) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chi. Dattaraj. It stars Rajkumar Anant Nag and Saritha in lead roles. The film is based on the novel Mrigathrushna by Ashwini.
 Original Sin is a 2001 erotic thriller film starring Antonio Banderas and Angelina Jolie. It is based on the novel Waltz into Darkness by Cornell Woolrich and is a remake of the 1969 François Truffaut film Mississippi Mermaid. Jolie was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award in 2001 for Worst Actress for her work in Original Sin and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
 On the Loose is a Swedish film released in 1985. It was directed by Staffan Hildebrand and distributed by Föreningsfilmo AB. It stars Tomas Fryk and Carina Lindström and features appearances by rock 'n' roll singer Jerry Williams and the hard rock band Europe.
 The Royalists (French: Les Chouans) is a 1947 French historical drama film directed by Henri Calef and starring Paul Amiot Roland Armontel and Roger Bontemps. It is an adaptation of Honoré de Balzac's 1829 novel Les Chouans.
 Rathri Mazha is a Malayalam film by Lenin Rajendran starring Vineeth and Meera Jasmine in lead roles. Rathri Mazha was chosen as one of the Indian entries for the Asian African and Latin American Competition segment of the 38th IFFI.
 Jaffa (alternative name in Hebrew כלת הים transliteration Kalat Hayam in Arabic عروس البحر transliteration Arous el Bahr both Hebrew and Arabic meaning the bride of the sea) is a 2009 Israeli film directed by Keren Yedaya. A joint Israeli French and German production it was given a special screening at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 El Viejo Hucha is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Pulivaal (English: Tail of the Tiger) is a 2014 Tamil comedy thriller film directed by Marimuthu who earlier directed Kannum Kannum and produced by Sarath Kumar and Listin Stephen. Prasanna and Vimal play the leading roles while Iniya Ananya and Oviya also appear in pivotal roles.
 Maharaja is a Tamil film directed by Manoharan. It stars Nassar Sathya and Anjali in the lead roles.
 Shock Waves (alternate titles: Almost Human (UK) Death Corps) is a 1977 horror movie written and directed by Ken Wiederhorn.
 Unchained is a 1955 prison film based on the non-fiction book Prisoners are People by Kenyon J. Scudder. The film is most remembered for its theme song Unchained Melody which was a #1 R&B hit for both Al Hibbler & Roy Hamilton in 1955 with Hibbler's version also reaching #3 on the Billboard Chart & also a #4 Pop hit for the Righteous Brothers in 1965.The film was based on the career of Kenyon J. Scudder former supervisor at Chino as detailed in Scudder's book.
 The Little Rascals is a 1994 American comedy film produced by Amblin Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures on August 5 1994. The film is an adaptation of Hal Roach's Our Gang a series of short films of the 1920s 1930s and 1940s (many of which were broadcast on television as The Little Rascals) which centered around the adventures of a group of neighborhood children.
 Distant Voices Still Lives is a 1988 British film directed and written by Terence Davies. It evokes working-class family life in Liverpool during the 1940s and early 1950s paying particular attention to the role of popular music Hollywood cinema light entertainment and the public house within this tight-knit community.The film is made up of two separate films shot two years apart (but with the same cast and crew).
 Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai is a 2010 Bollywood sci-fi romance film directed by Milap Zaveri. It stars Riteish Deshmukh Jacqueline Fernandez Sonal Sehgal and Ruslaan Mumtaz in lead roles. It was Warner Bros.'s third Indian movie production. The film released on 9 April 2010 received mixed reviews from critics and was declared under average grosser at the box office. Even though it was released in 2010 Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai has yet to receive a home video release.
 La corda d'acciaio (The line of steel) is a 1953 film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Brigitte Fossey and Virna Lisi.
 Open City (Hangul: 무방비 도시; RR: Mubangbi dosi) is a 2008 South Korean film.
 David Copperfield is a 1935 American film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer based upon the Charles Dickens novel The Personal History Adventures Experience & Observation of David Copperfield the Younger.
 Prima comunione is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti. It won an award at the Venice Film Festival.
 The Bothersome Man (Norwegian: Den brysomme mannen) is a Norwegian film from 2006. It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Per H. V. Schreiner. In the main roles were Trond Fausa Aurvåg Petronella Barker and Per Schaaning. The story is about a man suddenly finding himself in an outwardly perfect yet essentially soulless dystopia and his attempt to escape. The film was well received by critics and was awarded three Amanda Awards in 2006.
 Glorious Youth is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Anny Ondra Randle Ayrton and William Freshman. It is also known by the alternative title of Eileen of the Trees. It was one of two films Cutts made with the Czech actress Anny Ondra. The film is based on the novel Eileen of the Trees by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was made at Elstree Studios.
 Middle Class Madhavan is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2001. After Budget Padmanabhan Prabhu is back with yet another middle-class family drama. KRG Movies International's Middle Class Madhavan explores the travails of newlyweds who are forced to live in a joint family. A theme that is quite similar to Piya Ka Ghar.
 The Border (Slovak: Hranica) is a 2009 Slovak documentary film directed by Jaroslav Vojtek. The film was selected as the Slovakian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but did not make the final shortlist.
 The Phantom Buster is a 1927 western film directed by William Bertram and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Lies Before Kisses is a 1991 television film directed by Lou Antonio. The thriller starring Jaclyn Smith and Ben Gazzara focuses on the trial against a successful businessman who has allegedly murdered a call girl as a consequence for a blackmailing incident.
 De Voortrekkers is a 1916 film.
 Nightmare is a 1942 American thriller film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Diana Barrymore Brian Donlevy and Henry Daniell. Diana Barrymore plays Leslie Stafford a secretary who seeks the help of a home invader (Brian Donlevy) to dispose of the body of her murdered husband in wartime London.The film was based on a novel of the same name by Philip MacDonald.
 Hell Fire Austin is a 1932 American film directed by Forrest Sheldon.
 Paadha Kannikkai is a Tamil language film starring Gemini Ganesan Asokan Savithri in lead roles. It has the memorable song Veedu varai Uravu.
 Moonzund (Russian: Моонзунд) is a 1987 Soviet war film by Aleksandr Muratov based on a novel with the same name by Valentin Pikul. The film's name is derived from the old name of West Estonian archipelago where the Battle of Moon Sound took place during World War I.
 Super Inday and the Golden Bibe is a remake of the original 1988 movie starring Maricel Soriano & a fantasy-adventure flick official entry to 36th Metro Manila Film Festival–Philippines 2010 of Regal Entertainment co-produced with Regal Multimedia Inc. on December 25 2010. This stars Marian Rivera as Super Inday and John Lapus as the Golden Bibe.
 Everybody's Famous! (Dutch: Iedereen beroemd!) is a 2000 film directed by Dominique Deruddere. It was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 73rd Academy Awards.
 The Visual Bible: Matthew is a 1993 motion picture portraying the life of Jesus as it is found in the Gospel of Matthew. The complete Gospel is presented word-for-word based on the New International Version of the Bible. It was directed by South African film maker Regardt van den Bergh and stars veteran actor Richard Kiley in the role of St. Matthew (who narrates the movie) newcomer Bruce Marchiano as Jesus and Gerrit Schoonhoven as Peter.
 Setup is a heist film directed by Mike Gunther and written by Gunther and Mike Behrman. It stars 50 Cent Bruce Willis and Ryan Phillippe.It was released straight to DVD and Blu-ray on 20 September 2011 in the USA.
 A Maori Maid's Love (Originally titled The Surveyor's Daughter) is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford about an interracial romance between a white man and a Māori girl. It is considered a lost film as there are no known copies.
 She Hate Me is a 2004 independent comedy-drama film directed by Spike Lee and starring Anthony Mackie Kerry Washington Ellen Barkin Monica Bellucci Brian Dennehy Woody Harrelson Bai Ling and John Turturro.The film garnered controversy and as with many of Lee's films touches on comedy drama and politics. Unlike many prior works Spike Lee does not have an acting credit in this film.The film was shot mostly on location in New York City including each of the city's five boroughs.
 Please Vote for Me is a 2007 documentary film following the elections for class monitor in a 3rd grade class of eight-year-old children in the Evergreen Primary School in Wuhan China. The candidates Luo Lei Xu Xiaofei and Cheng Cheng compete against each other for the coveted role and are egged on by their teachers and doting parents.
 Yuvan Yuvathi is a 2011 Indian Tamil romantic film written and directed by Kumaravelan that stars Bharath and Rima Kallingal. The film released on 26 August 2011 receiving mixed to negative reviews. The film was dubbed in Telugu under the title Dear.
 Pony Soldier is a 1952 Technicolor Northern Western set in Canada but filmed in Sedona Arizona. It is based on a 1951 Saturday Evening Post story Mounted Patrol by Garnett Weston. It was retitled MacDonald of the Canadian Mounties in England and The Last Arrow in France and Spain.
 Kohlhiesel's Daughters (German: Kohlhiesels Töchter) is a 1962 German comedy film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Liselotte Pulver Helmut Schmid and Dietmar Schönherr. One of Kohlhiesel's daughters falls in love but he refuses to allow her to marry until her sister has found a husband.
 An Unmarried Woman is a 1978 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Paul Mazursky.It tells the story of the wealthy New York wife Erica Benton (Jill Clayburgh) whose “perfect” life is shattered when her stockbroker husband Martin (Michael Murphy) leaves her for a younger woman. The film documents Erica's attempts at being single again where she suffers with confusion sadness and rage.
 Do or Die is a 1991 action film starring Cynthia Brimhall Pat Morita and Erik Estrada. It was directed written and produced by Andy Sidaris.
 Doubt (Tagalog: Duda) is a 2003 Philippine film about fidelity and deception in a gay relationship. Cris a young director meets Erick and developed a relationship with him. After being together for several months their relationship began to fall apart and is complicated by people involved in their lives.
 Dinner for Schmucks (also known as Dinner with Schmucks) is a 2010 American screwball comedy film directed by Jay Roach. The film is the American adaptation of the 1998 French comedy Le Dîner de Cons and was written by David Guion and Michael Handelman. It stars Steve Carell and Paul Rudd who had previously teamed up in Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy and The 40-Year-Old Virgin.
 Evil Streets is a 1998 American B movie horror film directed by Terry R. Wickham and starring SaRenna Lee Joe Zaso and Tina Krause. The film tells three tales of desire and hell in New York City.
 It's Never Too Late (Italian: Non è mai troppo tardi) is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti. The film is based on the novel A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens.
 La Encrucijada is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Rough Shoot also known as Shoot First is a 1953 British thriller filmstarring Joel McCrea and Evelyn Keyes and featuring Herbert Lom Marius Goring and Roland Culver. It was directed by Robert Parrish and written by Eric Ambler based on the 1951 novel A Rough Shoot by Geoffrey Household
 The Surrogate is a 1984 Canadian thriller film starring Art Hindle Carole Laure Shannon Tweed and Jackie Burroughs. The film was written by Don Carmody and Robert Geoffrion produced by Don Carmody and John Dunning executively produced by André Fleury and André Link and directed by Don Carmody. The film also features Jim Bailey Michael Ironside Marilyn Lightstone Jonathan Welsh Tony Scott Mark Burns and Vlasta Vrana.
 Une femme douce (English title: A Gentle Woman) is a 1969 French drama film directed by Robert Bresson. It is Bresson's first film in color and adapted from Fyodor Dostoevsky's short story A Gentle Creature (Кроткая). The film was set in Paris at the time.The tragic drama is characterised by Bresson's well known ascetic style without any dynamic sequences or professional actors' experienced and excessive expressions.
 The Winking Idol is a 1926 Universal Pictures silent western motion picture serial consisting of 10 chapters starring William Desmond and Eileen Sedgwick.Directed by Francis Ford the screenplay was written by Arthur Henry Gooden George Morgan and Charles E. van Loan.This serial is considered to be a lost film.
 Gunga Din is a 1939 RKO adventure film directed by George Stevens and starring Cary Grant Victor McLaglen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. loosely based on the poem of the same name by Rudyard Kipling combined with elements of his short story collection Soldiers Three.
 Flight of the Storks is a 2012 French English-language action thriller miniseries directed by Jan Kounen and based on Jean-Christophe Grangé's 1994 novel of the same name.
 Save Your Legs! is a 2012 Australian comedy film directed by Boyd Hicklin. It stars Stephen Curry Damon Gameau and Brendan Cowell. The film is inspired by a 2005 documentary of the same name. It follows the story of Edward Teddy Brown and his two mates of a Melbourne cricket team who travel to India for a tour. The film premiered at the Melbourne International Film Festival on August 19 2012.
 The Beirut Apt is a 2007 joint Italian / British GBLT documentary directed by Daniele Salaris and produced by Gavin Hallier and co-produced by Popular Production and distributed by Malastrada Film about Lebanese gays and lesbians and comprises interviews and testimonials of their experiences conducted in a Beirut apartment thus the title of the documentary.An official soundtrack was released.
 Il Tenente Giorgio is a 1952 Italian romance-drama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo.
 The Killer That Stalked New York (also knoin as Frightened City) is a 1950 film noir starring Evelyn Keyes. The film shot on location and in a semi-documentary style is about diamond smugglers who unknowingly start a smallpox outbreak in the New York City of 1947. It is based on the real threat of a smallpox epidemic in the city as described in a story taken from a 1948 Cosmopolitan magazine article.
 Turtle: The Incredible Journey is a 2009 documentary film narrated by Miranda Richardson and directed by Nick Stringer. The film was co-produced by SeaWorld Pictures and Tradewind Pictures and distributed in the United States by Hannover House.
 Sister Street Fighter: Hanging by a Thread (女必殺拳 危機一発) is a Japanese martial arts film sequel to Sister Street Fighter.
 ...La bocca mi bacio tutto tremante (English: [He] Kissed My Mouth All Trembling) is an Italian black-and-white silent film. It was released in September 1919 by director Ubaldo Maria Del Colle.
 La Cueva de Ali-Babá is a 1954 Argentine film.
 There Was a Castle with Forty Dogs (Italian: C'era un castello con 40 cani) is a 1990 comedy film starring Peter Ustinov and directed by Duccio Tessari. It is based on the novel Au bonheur des chiens by Rémo Forlani.
 The Pearl Maker of Madrid (German:Der Perlenmacher von Madrid) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Eberhard Frowein and starring Hermann Wlach Herma van Delden and Maria Merlott. It premiered in Berlin on 1 July 1921.
 The Keeper: The Legend of Omar Khayyam is an independently-released drama film about the life of the famous Persian intellectual Omar Khayyám. It was directed by Kayvan Mashayekh and stars Vanessa Redgrave and Moritz Bleibtreu. It was released in 2005.
 Finding Me: Truth is a 2011 drama film by director Roger S. Omeus Jr. and a sequel to the 2009 Finding Me.
 Keka is a 2008 love movie produced and directed by Teja. It's a routine love story with a kolkata backdrop. Veteran lyricist Sirivennela Sitaramasastri's younger son Raja made debut as a hero in this movie. Arjun (Raja) is a student and he meets a young beauty Sujata (Ishana) in a village. Both of them hail from Hyderabad but they come to this village on holidays where their grand parents reside.
 Fatty and the Broadway Stars is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Maid to Order is a 1987 comedy/fantasy film starring Ally Sheedy.
 His Wife's Mistakes is a 1916 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Occupation: Dreamland is a grunt's-eye view 2005 documentary film focused on a company of the 1/505 of the 82nd Airborne Division in Fallujah Iraq in early 2004. It is directed by Ian Olds and Garrett Scott.The title comes from the nickname of the base Camp Volturno on the outskirts of Fallujah.
 Hatchet for the Honeymoon (Italian: Il rosso segno della follia / The Red Mark of Madness); also known as Blood Brides and An Axe for the Honeymoon) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Bava and starring Stephen Forsyth Dagmar Lassander and Laura Betti.
 A Deadly Game (German: Ein Spiel ums Leben) is a 1924 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Camp (1965) is a feature-length underground film directed by Andy Warhol in October 1965 at The Factory. The film stars Gerard Malanga Baby Jane Holzer Tally Brown Mario Montez Jack Smith Paul Swan Dorothy Dean and Tosh Carillo.
 The Mountain Calls (German: Der Berg Ruft) is a film directed by Luis Trenker which recreates the struggle between Edward Whymper and Jean-Antoine Carrel for the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865.The film is a remake of Der Kampf ums Matterhorn (Struggle for the Matterhorn) in which Trenker acted in 1928.
 Gouttes d'eau sur pierres brûlantes (English: Water Drops on Burning Rocks) is a 2000 French drama film directed by François Ozon. The film is based on a German play by Rainer Werner Fassbinder Tropfen auf heisse Steine.
 Bin Phere Free Me Ttere is an upcoming 2013 Hindi comedy film directed by Manoj Sharma and produced by Premchandra Jha. The film features Arsh Deol Ashrita Agarwal and Manoj Joshi as main characters.
 The Vulture is a 1937 British quota quickie slapstick comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Claude Hulbert Hal Walters and Lesley Brook. The film proved very popular with audiences and the following year spawned a sequel The Viper although this was much less successful. Both films are now believed to be lost.
 Mouchette (pronounced: [mu.ʃɛt]) is a 1967 French film directed by Robert Bresson starring Nadine Nortier and Jean-Claude Guilbert. It is based on the novel by Georges Bernanos. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival winning the OCIC Award (International Catholic Organization for Cinema and Audiovisual).Mouchette tells the story of a girl entering adolescence the daughter of a bullying alcoholic father and ailing mother set in a rural French village.
 The Third Wheel is a 2002 American film directed by Jordan Brady starring Luke Wilson Denise Richards Jay Lacopo and Ben Affleck. The plot of the movie revolves around a first date between the clumsy shy Stanley (Luke Wilson) and the gorgeous Diana (Denise Richards) which is interrupted by a homeless man Phil (Jay Lacopo).
 My Forbidden Past is a 1951 film directed by Robert Stevenson. It stars Robert Mitchum and Ava Gardner. Adapted from Polan Banks novel Carriage Entrance by Leopold Atlas.
 Shichiji ni aimashō (7時にあいまショー) was a Japanese musical variety television program broadcast by TBS from 7 p.m. to 7:30 p.m from 7 April 1962 until 28 September 1963.The title means Let's meet at 7 o'clock with a minor play on words as the final shō not only sounds like the Japanese word for show but also is written as if were the latter word.In one of the episodes broadcast on 8 June 1963 the singer Kyu Sakamoto sings eight of his better-known songs.
 Insomnia is an American psychological thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Al Pacino Robin Williams and Hilary Swank. It tells the story of two Los Angeles homicide detectives investigating a murder in a northern Alaskan town. A remake of the 1997 Norwegian film of the same name Insomnia was released on May 24 2002 to critical acclaim and commercial success grossing $113 million worldwide.
 The House of Bernarda Alba is a 1982 Mexican film directed by Gustavo Alatriste.
 Tom and Jerry's Giant Adventure is a 2013 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the first Tom and Jerry direct-to-video film to not feature the WBFE print on its back cover. Tom and Jerry are the faithful servants of Jack the owner of a struggling storybook amusement park that gets a much-needed boost thanks to some mysterious magical beans.
 International Crook is a 1974 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Saira Banu & Feroz Khan who was nominated the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 The Diamond Queen is a 1953 film directed by John Brahm. It stars Fernando Lamas and Arlene Dahl.
 The Dancer of Paris is a 1926 American silent drama film produced and distributed by First National Pictures. Based on the short story of the same name by Michael Arlen the film was directed by Alfred Santell and starred Dorothy Mackaill. The Dancer of Paris is now considered lost.The film is noted for featuring Dorothy Mackaill nearly nude. In one scene she appears in only beads and stones. In the film's final scene MacKaill appeared in breastplates a loin cloth and a cloak.
 Magic Town (1947) is a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman and starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman. The picture is one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. The movie was inspired by the Middletown studies. It is also known as The Magic City.
 Darkest Africa (1936) is a Republic movie serial. This was the first serial produced by Republic Pictures and was a loose sequel to a Mascot Pictures serial called The Lost Jungle also starring Clyde Beatty. Mascot and other companies had been taken over in 1935 by Consolidated Film Laboratories and merged to become Republic. Producer Nat Levine was formerly the owner of Mascot Pictures.
 Red Desert (Italian: Il deserto rosso) is a 1964 Italian film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Monica Vitti with Richard Harris. Written by Antonioni and Tonino Guerra the film is about a woman trying to survive in the modern world of cultural neurosis and existential doubt. Red Desert Antonioni's first color film is renowned for stunningly colored industrial landscapes which express the unease alienation and vivid perceptions of the main character.
 Tai Chi Hero (太極２ 英雄崛起) is a 2012 Hong Kong-Chinese 3D martial arts film directed by Stephen Fung written and produced by Kuo-fu Chen. It is the sequel to Fung's 2012 film Tai Chi Zero. It is to be followed by a third undeveloped movie named Tai Chi Summit. It was released in Hong Kong on October 25 2012.
 The Search is an upcoming French drama film directed by Michel Hazanavicius. The film is a remake of the 1948 film directed by Fred Zinnemann and is scheduled to be released in 2014. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jeevan Dhaara is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film directed by Tatineni Rama Rao. The film is a remake of the 1974 Tamil film Aval Oru Thodar Kathai. The film stars Rekha Raj Babbar Amol Palekar Sulochana Latkar Simple Kapadia and Rakesh Roshan. The movie belongs to Art Cinema genre also known as Parallel Cinema. Rekha received a nomination for Filmfare Best Actress Award the only nomination for the film. She is credited with the film's box office success.
 Rechukka (Telugu: రేచుక్క) is a 1954 Telugu film directed by Ghantasala Balaramaiah and P. Pullaiah and produced by Ghantasala Krishnamurthy. N. T. Rama Rao acted in the lead role as prince. Devika debuted in the film as Princess. The story was inspired by The Prince Who Was a Thief (1951) starring Tony Curtis.The film remade into Tamil by Kalyanaraman entitled Naattiya Thara. It was also a commercial hit.
 In the Zone of Special Attention (Russian: В зоне особого внимания translit. V zone osobogo vnimaniya) is a 1977 Soviet action movie directed by Andrei Malyukov. It achieved cult film status among several generations of the Russian Airborne Troops and veterans and along with Hit Back it became part of their popular culture. The Soviet audience was approximately 35.4 million.
 Goliath Awaits is a 1981 American television movie originally broadcast in two parts in November 1981 on various stations as a part of Operation Prime Time's syndicated programming. It is about a luxury passenger ship sunk by a torpedo fired by a German U-boat in 1939 that is discovered in 1981 with over 300 survivors and their descendants living in an air bubble in the wreck.
 Ra.One is a 2011 Indian science fiction superhero film directed by Anubhav Sinha and starring Shah Rukh Khan Arjun Rampal Kareena Kapoor Armaan Verma Shahana Goswami and Tom Wu in pivotal roles. The script written by Sinha and Kanika Dhillon originated as an idea that Sinha got when he saw a television commercial and which he subsequently expanded.
 Jodhaa Akbar is an Indian epic romantic historical drama film released on 15 February 2008. It is directed and produced by Ashutosh Gowariker the director of the Academy Award-nominated Lagaan (2001). It stars Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai in lead roles. This film also marks the debut of newcomer Abir Abrar. Extensive research went into the making of this film. The shooting for the film started at Karjat.
 Seven Keys to Baldpate is a lost 1925 silent film based on the mystery novel by Earl Derr Biggers and play by George M. Cohan. Previously made by Paramount in 1917 this version was produced by and stars Douglas MacLean. Out of several adaptations of the story made between 1916 and 1947 this movie is one of the few lost versions.
 Sheikh Chilli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Fields of Sacrifice is a 1964 documentary by Donald Brittain about Canadian war dead. The film visits former battlefields where over 100000 Canadian soldiers lost their lives in World War I and World War II and examines Canadian military cemeteries and memorials from Hong Kong to Sicily.
 Originally titled Blues For Lovers Ballad in Blue was a 1964 film starring R&B legend Ray Charles. The movie was the last of actor Paul Henreid's theatrical-film directorial efforts.
 Rivales is a 2008 Spanish comedy-sport film directed by Fernando Colomo and written by Joaquín Oristrell and Inés París. The plot follows an Under-12 Spanish football tournament.
 Tholi Valapu (Telugu: తొలి వలపు) is a 2001 Telugu film directed by Muthyala Subbaiah .film starring Gopichand and Sneha in the lead roles.This film was the debut of Gopichand.The film has been dubbed into Tamil as Hari and Hindi as Blast Barood.[citation needed]
 Sailor Izzy Murphy is a 1927 Vitaphone film released from Warner Brothers starring George Jessel Audrey Ferris Warner Oland and John Milijan. The film was a follow up to a previous film starring George titled Private Izzy Murphy. It is unknown if any film or Vitaphone disc survive of this film meaning it could be a lost film.
 Xtro 3: Watch the Skies (sometimes credited as Xtro: Watch the Skies) (1995) is the third film in the low-budget British science fiction/horror Xtro series.
 Men Against the Arctic is a 1955 American short documentary film directed by Winston Hibler. It won an Academy Award in 1956 for Documentary Short Subject. It was also entered into the 6th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tail Lights Fade is a 1999 movie directed by Malcolm Ingram and starring Denise Richards Jake Busey Breckin Meyer Elizabeth Berkley Jason Mewes and Lisa Marie. The film follows two couples and their race across Canada to bail one of their brothers out of a marijuana charge. The film's namesake gets its title from a 1992 Buffalo Tom song which is also on the soundtrack.
 Mutluluk (English title: Bliss) is a 2007 Turkish film directed by Abdullah Oğuz and starring Özgü Namal Talat Bulut and Murat Han. It was chosen to open the 2007 Asian Film Festival in Mumbai and the 2007 Medfilm Festival in Rome.
 Kavikkuyil Kavikuyil or Kavi Kuyil (Tamil: கவிக்குயில்) is a 1977 Tamil film directed by Devaraj Mohan and starring Sivakumar Sridevi and Rajinikanth. Fatafat Jayalakshmi plays Rajinikanth's love interest. Sridevi plays the younger sister of Rajinikanth. The film was shot under the S. P. T. Films banner and produced by S. P. Tamizharasi. The film premiered on July 29 1977.
 Four Girls From Hong Kong is a 1972 Hong Kong drama film.
 Suspiria (pronounced [susˈpi.ri.a] Latin for breathlessness) is a 1977 Italian horror film directed by Dario Argento and released on 1 February 1977.
 Frogs is a 1972 horror film directed by George McCowan. The film falls into the eco-horror category since it tells the story of an upper-class U.S. Southern family who are victimized by several different animal species including snakes birds and lizards as well as the occasional butterfly. Nature the movie suggests may be justified in exacting revenge on this family because of its patriarch's abuse of the local ecology.
 King Kung Fu is a 1976 comedy film directed by Lance D. Hayes that is a low budget spoof of both King Kong and Kung Fu done in a slapstick style.
 Yellow Cargo is a 1936 American film directed by Crane Wilbur.The film is also known as Sinful Cargo in the United States. This was the first of four related films: the others were Navy Spy (1937) The Gold Racket (1937) and Bank Alarm (1937).
 In the Raw is a 2009 documentary film about Lubricated Goat's nude appearance on Australian TV.In November 1988 Andrew Denton's Blah Blah Blah program caused a nationwide stir by allowing guitar group Lubricated Goat to perform on Australian Broadcasting Corporation TV completely naked.
 The Black Corsair (Italian: Il corsaro nero also known as The Black Pirate) is an Italian adventure film. It is based on two Emilio Salgari's novels The Black Corsair and The Queen of the Caribbean.Filmed by Sollima between Sandokan and Sandokan alla riscossa the movie presents the same lead actors (Bedi and Andrè) the same film editor (Alberto Gallitti) and the same music-composers (Guido and Maurizio De Angelis).
 Delitto al ristorante cinese (internationally released as Crime at the Chinese Restaurant) is a 1981 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci. It is the eighth chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series; in this chapter Tomas Milian plays a double role the inspector Nico Giraldi and the Chinese Ciu Ci Ciao a character reprised with slight changes from the role of Sakura that the same Milian played in the spaghetti western The White the Yellow and the Black.
 Call Me is a 1988 erotic thriller film about a woman who strikes up a relationship with a stranger over the phone and in the process becomes entangled in a murder. The film was directed by Sollace Mitchell and stars Patricia Charbonneau Stephen McHattie and Boyd Gaines. After its theatrical run the movie was released on videocassette by Vestron Video. Appearing in the film for the first time were Steve Buscemi and David Strathairn.
 Know Your Mushrooms is a 2008 documentary film by Canadian director Ron Mann.The 74 minute Sphinx Productions film examines the counterculture Telluride Mushroom Festival held annually in Telluride Colorado and some of the mycologists and funghiphiles that gather there such as Larry Evans and Gary Lincoff author of seven mushroom identification guidebooks including the Audubon Field Guide to Mushrooms.The soundtrack includes music by the Flaming Lips and The Sadies.
 Ladies and Gentlemen: The Rolling Stones is a concert movie featuring the British rock band The Rolling Stones that was first released in 1974. Directed by Rollin Binzer and produced by Binzer and Marshall Chess it was filmed in 16mm by Bob Freeze and Steve Gebhardt of Butterfly Films (which was owned by John Lennon) during four shows in Fort Worth and Houston Texas from the band's 1972 North American Tour in support of their classic 1972 album Exile on Main St.
 The Woman Who Obeyed is a 1923 British silent film directed by Sidney Morgan.
 Yagam is a 1980 Malayalam black-and-white film directed produced and co-cinematographed by Sivan and starring Babu Namboothiri Premji Kalpana Aranmula Ponnamma and Jalaja. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. O. N. V. Kurup won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Lyrics for the song Shravana Sandhyathan. Sivan and Mahesh won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography (black-and-white).
 Brahma Ratham (Telugu: బ్రహ్మ రథం) is a 1947 Telugu Drama film directed by Chitrapu Narayana Rao. It is based on the Novel by same name written by Balijepalli Lakshmikantham.
 Mindwalk is a 1990 feature film directed by Bernt Amadeus Capra based on his own short story based in turn on the book The Turning Point by his brother Fritjof Capra the author of the book The Tao of Physics.The majority of the movie is a conversation among three characters: a Norwegian scientist Sonia Hoffman (played by Liv Ullmann) the only woman in my department the first in Norway doing quantum field theory; an American politician and former presidential candidate Jack Edwards (played by Sam Waterston); and poet Thomas Harriman (played by John Heard) a former political speechwriter as they wander around Mont Saint-Michel France. 
 Mr. Robinson Crusoe is a 1932 American film. It is one of the few talkie films starring Douglas Fairbanks in his penultimate film role who also produced the film and provided the story. The film was directed by A. Edward Sutherland a veteran silent film director for Fairbanks's Elton Productions and released by United Artists.
 Blackenstein also known as Black Frankenstein is a low budget 1973 blaxploitation horror film loosely based on Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. It was made in an attempt to cash in on the success of Blacula released the previous year by American International Pictures. However Blackenstein fared poorly in comparison to its predecessor with most reviews agreeing that the movie was a totally inept mixture of the worst horror and blaxploitation films.
 Ehsaas is Tarah(Hindi: इस तरह भावनाओं) is a Hindi film directed by Gurman Juggal. This film stars Kirpal Pandit Sonia Saran Dinesh Oman and includes Sadab Khan and Bindu in supporting roles. This film was released on January 16 1998.
 Peshawar Waltz (Russian: Пешаварский вальс Peshavarskiy val's) also known as Escape from Afghanistan is a 1994 Russian action film directed and written by Timur Bekmambetov. The film is a compelling depiction of war in Afghanistan based on actual events: the uprising of Soviet captives taken place in Badaber 24 km from the Peshawar Pakistan.
 Serial is a 1980 comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures. The screenplay by Rich Eustis and Michael Elias is drawn from the novel The Serial: A Year in the Life of Marin County by Cyra McFadden published in 1977. Produced by Sidney Beckerman and directed by Bill Persky the film stars Martin Mull Tuesday Weld Sally Kellerman Christopher Lee Bill Macy Peter Bonerz and Tom Smothers. The original music score was composed by Lalo Schifrin.
 Vamanapuram Bus Route is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2004.It was one of the biggest flops in the career of Mohanlal.after spending 3 crores for the movie and got the collection of 75 lakh.
 Marudhanaattu Ilavarasi is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and V. N. Janaki in the lead roles and story and dialogues by M. Karunanidhi. The film was released in 1950.
 Blaue Wimpel im Sommerwind is an East German film. It was released in 1952.
 Bananas!* is a 2009 Swedish documentary directed by Fredrik Gertten about a conflict between the Dole Food Company and banana plantation workers in Nicaragua over alleged cases of sterility caused by the pesticide DBCP.The film was criticized by Dole for containing patent falsehoods. After a screening at the Los Angeles Film Festival in June 2009 Gertten was sued for defamation by Dole on 8 July.
 En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri (English: My Husband is Like a Child) is a 2001 Tamil film directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The film stars Livingston Devayani and Vindhya in lead roles. The music was composed by Deva. The film was released in 2001 with mixed reviews. The film was remade in Telugu as Maa Ayana Chanti Pilladu with Sivaji Meera Jasmine and Sangeetha in lead roles.
 Summer Skin (Spanish: Piel de verano) is a 1961 Argentine film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson. The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 34th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Shooting Fish is a 1997 British film co-written by Richard Holmes and Stefan Schwartz. Holmes produced and Schwartz directed. It co-starred Dan Futterman and Stuart Townsend as two con men with Kate Beckinsale as their unwilling assistant. It was produced by Winchester Films and partly funded by National Lottery money administered through the UK Arts Council.
 St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian: Szent Péter esernyője) is a 1958 Slovak-Hungarian drama film directed by Frigyes Bán and Vladislav Pavlovic and starring Mari Törőcsik Sándor Pécsi and Karol Machata. It was based on the 1895 novel St. Peter's Umbrella by Kálmán Mikszáth which had previously been adapted into a silent film in 1917 and a sound film in 1935.
 Nimmo (Punjabi: ਨਿੰਮੋ) is a 1984 Punjabi film directed by Veerendra starring Veerendra Priti Sapru Mohan Singh Baggad Mehar Mittal with Daljit Kaur's guest appearance and more. Kamal Kant Mishra composed the music.
 Hard Knuckle is a 1988 Australian TV film about a young boy who tries to get a pool player back on track. It was part of the Tomorrow's News series.
 Club 60 is a 2013 Bollywood film produced by Kavee Kumar under the Pulse Media banner and directed by Sanjay Tripathy. The film features Farooq Sheikh Sarika Raghubir Yadav and Satish Shah in key roles. The film was Farooq Sheikh’s last release before his untimely demise on 27 December 2013.
 Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum is a 2000 Brazilian film based on the Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum TV series. The film was redirected by Cao Hamburger. Laurel Graeber of The New York Times said that it charmingly captures the life of a Latin-style Addams Family.
 Ameerin Aadhi Bhagavan also known as (Aadhi Bhagavan) is a 2013 Tamil gangster film written and directed by Ameer Sultan. Jayam Ravi and Neetu Chandra play the lead roles in the film which is being produced by DMK politician J. Anbazhagan and features music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja cinematography by R. B. Gurudev and K. Devaraj and editing by Ram Sudharsan. It is the second film in Asia to make use of Auro 3D audio technology.
 Alex in Wonderland is a 1970 American comedy-drama film directed by Paul Mazursky written with his partner Larry Tucker starring Donald Sutherland and Ellen Burstyn. Sutherland plays Alex Morrison a director agonizing over the choice of follow-up project after the success of his first feature film. The situation is similar to the one Mazursky found himself in following the success of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (1969) and he casts himself in a role as a new-style Hollywood producer.
 Tetro is a 2009 drama film written directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Vincent Gallo Alden Ehrenreich and Maribel Verdú. Filming took place in 2008 in Buenos Aires Patagonia and Spain. Tetro received a limited release in the United States on June 11 2009.
 Guddi (Hindi: गुड्डी) is a 1971 Hindi comedy-drama film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and written by Gulzar. It starred Dharmendra Jaya Bachchan and Utpal Dutt. It is Jaya Bachchan (née Bhaduri)'s career-making film in which she plays a schoolgirl obsessed with the actor Dharmendra who plays himself. She earned a Filmfare nomination as Best Actress the only nomination for the film. Utpal Dutt also has a starring role.
 Socha Na Tha (Hindi: सोचा न था meaning It was never imagined) is a Hindi language film released on 4 March 2005. It debuts Abhay Deol and stars Ayesha Takia & Apoorva Jha. It marks the directorial debut of Imtiaz Ali. Abhay Deol's uncle Dharmendra produced it.
 Last House Standing (Fang dong jiang xian sheng) is a documentary filmed in Shanghai featuring interviews of Uncle Jiang about his reluctance to sell his 1930s mansion in a district zoned for demolition.Jiang talks about his family his loneliness the Cultural Revolution and the relationship formed with his interviewer reporter Zi Miss Tomboy Liang.
 Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 Tarzan film based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was the third in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Tarzan series to feature Johnny Weissmuller as the King of the Apes.
 A Princess for Christmas or in the UK A Christmas Princess (previously known as the Canadian title Christmas at Castlebury Hall and A Princess for Castlebury) is a comedy-drama film by Michael Damian. The film premiered December 3 2011.
 Uncle Tom's Cabin was a 1918 American silent drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley produced by Famous Players-Lasky Corporation and distributed by Paramount Pictures under the Famous Players-Lasky name. The film is based on Harriet Beecher Stowe's 1852 novel Uncle Tom's Cabin and George Aiken's eponymous play.Uncle Tom's Cabin starred Marguerite Clark who portrayed both Topsy and Little Eva. The film is now considered to be a lost film.
 Lilies of the Field is a 1963 film adapted by James Poe from the 1962 novel with the same name by William Edmund Barrett and stars Sidney Poitier Lilia Skala Stanley Adams and Dan Frazer. It was produced and directed by Ralph Nelson. The title comes from Matthew 6:27-33 a portion of the Sermon on the Mount in the New Testament and its parallel scripture from Luke 12:27-30.
 Draupadi Vastrapaharanam was a 1934 Tamil-language film starring T. P. Rajalakshmi V. A. Chellappa and Serukulathur Sama. The movie was directed by R. Padmanaban.
 Thumbelina is a 49-minute animated film originally released on June 8 1992 and based on the classic story Thumbelina by Hans Christian Andersen.
 Sharda is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 A Bucket of Blood is a 1995 American black comedy horror film. It was directed by Michael James McDonald and starred Anthony Michael Hall. It is a remake of A Bucket of Blood the 1959 cult film directed by Roger Corman who produced the remake. Both films tell the story of a nerdy busboy who turns to murder in order to create his unique sculptures. The remake made for Showtime was later released on home video under the title The Death Artist. It has never been made available on DVD.
 Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas. It is the sixth film released in the Star Wars franchise and stars Ewan McGregor Natalie Portman Hayden Christensen Ian McDiarmid Samuel L. Jackson Christopher Lee Anthony Daniels Kenny Baker and Frank Oz.
 Our Enemy—The Japanese was a 1943 short film produced by the US Navy and Office of War Information to provide background knowledge about the wartime foe.The film begins with the narrator former U.S. ambassador to Japan Joseph C.
 Voices of Iraq is a 2004 documentary film about Iraq created by distributing cameras to the subjects of a film thus enabling subjects to film themselves. To preserve its innovative filmmaking Voices of Iraq was added to the permanent collection of Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences.Producer Eric Manes explained Without Iraqis as the directors we would have seen Iraq and its people only through the filter of Western eyes.
 Sisterly Love is a 1987 Australian film about two sisters who are reunited. It was the pilot for an unmade series.
 Reviving Ophelia is a Lifetime Original Movie starring Jane Kaczmarek and Kim Dickens.The title is a reference to the non-fiction book Reviving Ophelia.
 No Greater Glory (1934) is an allegorical anti-war film directed by Frank Borzage and based on the novel A Pál utcai fiúk by Ferenc Molnár.The film's box office performance was described as dismal.
 Neither at Home or Abroad (Hungarian: Se ki se be) is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Lajos Ujváry Hermin Haraszti and María Corda. Its title is also often translated as Neither In Nor Out.
 The Good Die Young (1954) is a crime thriller film made in the United Kingdom by Remus Films featuring a number of American characters. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert. The screenplay was based on the book of the same name written by Richard Macaulay.The cast includes Laurence Harvey Joan Collins Stanley Baker and Richard Basehart.
 Awara (Bengali: আওয়ারা) is a 2012 Bengali romantic comedy which is a remake of VV Vinayak's Telugu movie Krishna having Ravi Teja and Trisha Krishnan in the lead role. Directed by Ravi Kinnagi and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films this film stars Jeet and Sayantika Banerjee in lead roles.. The film records collected 90 million at the box office.It is the highest grosser of 2012. http://www.boxofficekolkata.in/p/2012_17.html
 Face to Face (Swedish: Ansikte mot ansikte) is a 1976 Swedish psychological drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. It tells the story of a psychiatrist who is suffering from a mental illness. It stars Liv Ullmann and Erland Josephson.
 Margazhi Raagam is a Film/Carnatic music concert performed by Bombay Jayashri and T.M. Krishna two leading artists in the field. The film is significant because it is considered to be the first of its kind in the Carnatic music world.
 Funny Games is a 1997 Austrian psychological thriller film written and directed by Michael Haneke. The plot of the film involves two young men who hold a family hostage and torture them with sadistic games. The film was entered into the 1997 Cannes Film Festival. In 2007 it was remade in America by Haneke this time with a different cast and a mostly American crew.
 The Wife is a 1995 film written and directed by Tom Noonan based on his play Wifey. The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 1995 Sundance Film Festival.
 The White Bus is a 1967 short film by British director Lindsay Anderson. The screenplay was jointly adapted with Shelagh Delaney from a short story in her collection Sweetly Sings the Donkey (1963).
 Vampiros los prefieren gorditos is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Overhill is a 2013 British horror thriller film directed by Will Hutchinson and starring Lorna Beckett. Set and largely shot over four days in 2011 in the village of Pendeen in Cornwall and featuring many local actors it was completed for just £600. The story focuses on Londoner Rebecca who takes Overhill cottage in Pendeen as a quiet and secluded place to get her novel finished.
 È stato il figlio is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Ciprì. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. Ciprì won the Osella for Best Cinematography.
 Day of the Dead 2: Contagium is a 2005 horror film written by Ana Clavell and directed by Clavell and James Dudelson starring Justin Ipock Laurie Maria Baranyay and John F. Henry III. It is an unofficial sequel to 1985's Day of the Dead. The film was released direct-to-video on October 18 2005 (2005-10-18) in the United States.
 Death of a President is a 2006 British high concept motion picture about the fictional assassination of George W. Bush the 43rd U.S. President on 19 October 2007 in Chicago Illinois. The film is presented as a future history mockumentary and uses actors archival video footage as well as computer-generated special effects to present the hypothetical aftermath the event had on civil liberties racial profiling journalistic sensationalism and foreign policy.
 Kardia is the 2006 debut feature film of director Su Rynard. It weaves fable fiction science and metaphor to tell the story of Hope a pathologist who embarks on an unusual journey of reconciliation. Hope discovers that the experimental heart operation she underwent as a child has mysteriously linked her life with another.
 Ninja Assassin is a 2009 American-German martial arts film directed by James McTeigue. The story was written by Matthew Sand with a screenplay penned by J. Michael Straczynski of Babylon 5. The film stars South Korean pop musician Rain as a disillusioned assassin looking for retribution against his former mentor played by ninja film legend Sho Kosugi. Ninja Assassin explores political corruption child endangerment and the impact of violence.
 Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo is the 1984 sequel to the breakdancing film Breakin'. It was first released the same year as its predecessor by TriStar Pictures and by Cannon Films the year after. In some international locations the movie was released under the title Breakdance 2: Electric Boogaloo. A further sequel Rappin' (also known as Breakdance 3) was made but had an unconnected plot and different lead characters - only Ice-T features in all three movies.
 Young Americans is a 1967 documentary film chronicling the travel experiences of The Young Americans choir. It was given an Academy Award in 1969 though it was revoked because it was released in 1967 and was thus ineligible the only film in history to have done so.
 Budrus is a 2009 Israeli/Palestinian/American documentary film directed by Julia Bacha produced by Ronit Avni Rula Salameh and Julia Bacha and with a screenplay by Bacha.
 Commitments is a drama film released in 2001 on television by BET. The movie stars Allen Payne and Victoria Dillard focusing on the relationship that grows between Fox Giovanni (Dillard) and Van Compton (Payne).
 Oktapodi is a 2007 French computer-animated short film that originated as a Graduate Student Project from Gobelins L'Ecole de L'Image. The film is about a pair of love struck octopuses who through a series of comical events are separated and find each other. Oktapodi was directed by Julien Bocabeille François-Xavier Chanioux Olivier Delabarre Thierry Marchand Quentin Marmier and Emud Mokhberi.
 The Psychotronic Man is a low budget science fiction cult film that opened in Chicago April 23 1980 at the Carnegie Theatre. It was directed by Jack M. Sell and written produced and starred Peter G. Spelson. It is based on the obscure concept of psychotronics which gained some prominence in the 1970s due to Cold War paranoia over mind control. The film inspired Michael J.
 Kaaviya Thalaivan (English: Epic Ruler) is an upcoming Tamil historical fiction film written and directed by Vasanthabalan. The film stars Prithviraj Sukumaran and Siddharth in lead roles along with Vedhicka Anaika Soti and Nassar in supporting roles. The original songs and background score of the film is composed by A. R. Rahman and lyrics penned by poet Vaali and Pa. Vijay. Reportedly the film will revolves around the real life incidences of actor singer and stage artists K. B.
 Las 13 Rosas (13 Roses) is a 2007 Spanish film directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro. It stars Pilar Lopez de Ayala Verónica Sánchez and Marta Etura. The plot based on a true story follows the tragic fate of thirteen young women fighting for their ideals in the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War.
 A Nait The or Massage Practitioner (Burmese: အနှိပ်သည်) is a 1922 Myanmar comedy film.
 The Penthouse is a 1967 film directed by Peter Collinson. It stars Suzy Kendall and Terence Morgan and was based on a 1964 play The Meter Man by Scott Forbes.
 A Class to Remember (学校 Gakko) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Yōji Yamada. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 The Silver Fez is a 2009 South African documentary film.
 Caminito de Gloria is a 1939 Argentine musical melodrama film written and directed by Luis César Amadori. The film starred Libertad Lamarque who sings Caminito the celebrated 1926 tango composed by Juan de Dios Filiberto with lyrics by Coria Peñaloza originally popularized by Carlos Gardel and Ignacio Corsini. In 1960 Amadori remade this film under the title Mi último tango starring Sara Montiel in the Lamarque role.
 O Costa do Castelo (lit. The Costa from the Castle) is a Portuguese film comedy from 1943 directed by Arthur Duarte and starring António Silva Maria Matos Curado Ribeiro Milú Hermínia Silvathe famous Fado singer and Teresa Casal. It was produced at Tobis Portuguesa.It stands as one the most famous Portuguese comedies of all time.
 The Camp Followers (Italian: Le soldatesse) is a 1965 Italian World War II film directed by Valerio Zurlini and starring Anna Karina. The film is about a Lieutenant and his men who are assigned to lead a group of prostitutes through the mountainous ways to serve in brothels for Italian soldiers in Albania. The film was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver Prize.
 Ratataplan is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed written and starred by Maurizio Nichetti. The film despite its low budget obtained a great commercial success and launched the career of Nichetti.For this film Maurizio Nichetti instead won a Silver Ribbon for Best New Director.
 A Ninja Pays Half My Rent is a short comedy film by Steven Tsuchida it was first released in 2003.
 Swindle is a children's film that premiered on August 24 2013 on Nickelodeon starring Noah Crawford Chris O'Neal Jennette McCurdy Noah Munck Ariana Grande Ciara Bravo and Fred Ewanuick. The movie is about a boy named Griffin (Noah Crawford) whose friend Ben (Chris O'Neal) finds a rare baseball card worth a fortune. Griffin offers to sell the card to a local collectible dealer without being aware of its value.
 Night of the Living Dead: Origins is an upcoming 3-D animated horror film directed by Zebediah De Soto.
 Kudiyon Ka Hai Zamana is a Bollywood comedy film directed by Amur Batula. Released in 2006 it stars Mahima Chaudhary Rekha and Ashmit Patel. Its central set up is of four female friends and their problems with boyfriends and husbands and it has been compared to Sex and the City.Mayuri Kanika Natasha and Anjali have been friends for many years. All of them come from very wealthy families.
 Happy Birthday Wanda June is a play by Kurt Vonnegut and a 1971 film adaptation directed by Mark Robson.
 Sadhu Babar Lathi (Bengali: সাধু বাবার লাঠি ) is a Bengali Drama Movie based on Sirshendu Mukherjee novel was released in 2008directed by Sanghita Banerjee the movie featured Ramaprasad Banik.
 King Kong Lives also known as King Kong II is a 1986 American monster film produced by DEG Studios. Directed by John Guillermin and featuring special effects by Carlo Rambaldi the film starred Linda Hamilton and Brian Kerwin. The film was a belated sequel to King Kong.
 Sid Bernstein Presents... is a 2010 feature-length documentary film by directors Jason Ressler and Evan Strome about music promoter Sid Bernstein.
 Dress Parade is a 1927 silent romance drama produced by William Sistrom and Cecil B. DeMille and distributed by Pathe. The film was directed by Donald Crisp. It stars William Boyd and Bessie Love in the leads. The story is essentially the same as West Point produced at MGM in 1928. Dress Parade survives today.
 Raat Bhore is a 1955 Bengali film directed by Mrinal Sen. This was Sen's first film.
 The Last Great Snail Chase is a film by Edward Lynden-Bell that is set in Wellington New Zealand. It is produced by David White. The film follows the lives of six young people as they live their lives with the world beginning to end around them. The film has been completed and had its first screening to cast crew and invited guests at the Paramount Theatre in Wellington on 16 April 2007.
 Coyote Summer is a 1996 American family film about a troubled teenager spending the summer on a horse ranch. It was shot in St. George and Virgin Utah.
 Twice Round the Daffodils is a 1962 British comedy drama film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Juliet Mills Donald Sinden Donald Houston Kenneth Williams Ronald Lewis Andrew Ray Joan Sims and Jill Ireland. A new group of patients arrive at a hospital to be treated for tuberculosis where they all take a fancy to one of the nurses. The film was adapted from the play Ring for Catty by Patrick Cargill and Jack Beale.
 The Stabilizer is a 1984 Indonesian action film directed by The Punjabi Brothers and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The movie stars New Zealand born actor Peter O'Brian who plays Peter Goldson a.k.a. The Stabilizer. He is an FBI agent who is sent to Thailand to retrieve a brilliant professor who has been captured by the drug lord Greg Rainmaker. Goldson and Rainmaker go way back.
 Hating Alison Ashley is a 2005 Australian comedy film based upon the 1984 novel of the same name produced by Elizabeth Howatt-Jackman and directed by Geoff Bennett. It was filmed in Kinglake WestVictoria Australia and Docklands Studios Melbourne.
 Fly-Away Baby is a 1937 American comedy-adventure film featuring Glenda Farrell as Torchy Blane the second in the series of nine Torchy Blane movies.
 Shaheed-e-Mohabbat Boota Singh (Punjabi: ਸ਼ਹੀਦ-ਏ-ਮੁਹੱਬਤ ਬੂਟਾ ਸਿੰਘ) also known as Shaheed-e-Mohabbat is a 1999 Punjabi feature film based on the real-life love story of Boota Singh and Zainab starring Gurdas Maan as Boota Singh and Divya Dutta as Zainab. The film is directed by Manoj Punj and produced by Manjeet Maan. Arun Bakshi Gurkirtan and Chetana Das played supporting roles.
 Love and Lust inspired by Under the Tuscan Sun is a gay pornographic film directed by Lucas Kazan in 2005 and it is centered around three men and their sexual adventures in Tuscany.It was a Grabby Award nominee for Best Foreign Video and a GayVN nominee for Best Foreign Release and Best Videography.
 Sabse Bada Rupaiya (English: Money is the Greatest) is a 1955 Hindi film made by P. L. Santoshi and starring Sunder Shashikala Agha Alhad and Achla Sachdev.It had songs sung by Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar.The film was remade in 1976 – see Sabse Bada Rupaiya (1976 film) directed by S. Ramanathan.
 The Make Believe Pirates (Italian: Allegri masnadieri) is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Elter. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Ab Ke Baras is a Bollywood film released in the year 2002. It had launched the career of the two newcomers Amrita Rao and Arya Babbar.
 Buio Omega (aka The Final Darkness Beyond the Darkness Buried Alive and Dark Holocaust) is a 1979 Italian horror/exploitation film directed by Joe D'Amato. This film remains controversial in many countries today notably Australia where it has been banned since 1992 due to very high impact violence throughout. Buio Omega remains banned in several other countries to this day.
 The Forbidden Legend Sex & Chopsticks (Chinese: 金瓶梅; pinyin: Jīnpíngméi; literally Golden Lotus). is a 2008 Hong Kong sex film directed by Qian Wenqi and produced by Wong Jing starring Oscar Lam wai-kin Norman Chui and Hayakawa Serina it based on the novel of The Golden Lotus by Lanling Xiaoxiao Sheng. The film premiered in Hong Kong on 19 September 2008.
 The Outlaws Is Coming (stylized as The Outlaws IS Coming!) is the sixth and final theatrical feature film starring The Three Stooges after their 1959 resurgence in popularity. By this time the trio consisted of Moe Howard Larry Fine and Joe DeRita (dubbed Curly Joe). Like its predecessor The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze the film was directed by Moe's son-in-law Norman Maurer. The supporting cast features a pre-Batman Adam West Nancy Kovack and Emil Sitka.
 The Founding of a Republic is a 2009 Chinese historical film commissioned by China's film regulator and made by the state-owned China Film Group (CFG) to mark the 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China. The film was directed by Huang Jianxin and China Film Group head Han Sanping.Although the film premiered on September 17 2009 in mainland China it has yet to receive publicity in Taiwan.
 The Blue Butterfly is a 2004 Canadian drama/adventure film directed by Léa Pool produced by Porchlight Entertainment and Alliance Atlantis distributed by Monterey Media and starring Marc Donato as Pete Carlton a boy terminally ill with cancer whose final wish is to find the elusive Blue Morpho butterfly. William Hurt plays entomologist Alan Osborne who takes him to the jungles of Costa Rica to find the insect.The story is based on the life of David Marenger.
 Sexy Partners (いろの道づれ Iro no Michizure) aka Companions of Love and Lustful Companions is a 1967 Japanese pink film directed by Kan Mukai. It was the first pink film to use S&M as a main theme.
 Spiders 3D is a 3D thriller film directed by Tibor Takács. The film was released on February 8 2013.
 Adventures of a Rookie is a 1943 comedy film that was the debut of RKO's comedy duo Carney and Brown. A sequel Rookies in Burma followed.
 A Ride for Cinderella is a 1937 Technicolor cartoon sponsored film and is a sequel to A Coach for Cinderella. The storyline is simple: Cinderella meets her young prince but has to leave him when the clock turns to midnight. Meanwhile the head dwarf has to stop the wicked witch hired by the evil stepsisters ruining Cinderella's chance of getting married to the prince. The cartoon is actually an advertisement for Chevrolet and it's a Chevrolet that helps Cinderella get her prince.
 Shala is a Marathi drama / romantic film. The screenplay of film is adapted from the a novel of the same name by Milind Bokil. Directed by Sujay Dahake and produced by Vivek Wagh Nilesh Navalakha under Great Maratha Entertainment Nishad Audio Visuals and Navalakha Arts Banner the film stars Anshuman Joshi and Ketaki Mategaonkar in the lead roles. The film won the Silver Lotus Award at the 59th National Film Awards in the Best Feature Film in Marathi category.
 Susan Slept Here is a 1954 American romantic comedy film starring Dick Powell (in his last film role) and Debbie Reynolds. Shot in Technicolor the film was based on the play of the same name by Steve Fisher and Alex Gottlieb. The film's plotline was later used again by director Frank Tashlin for 1962's Bachelor Flat.
 Utsav (Hindi: उत्सव; English: The Festival) is a 1984 Hindi film produced by Shashi Kapoor and directed by Girish Karnad.The film stars Shashi Kapoor Rekha Amjad Khan Anuradha Patel Shekhar Suman Anupam Kher Shankar Nag Neena Gupta Kulbhushan Kharbanda Annu Kapoor Sanjana Kapoor and Kunal Kapoor.The role played by Shashi Kapoor who is also the producer of this movie was originally to be played by Amitabh Bachchan.
 Hannah K. is a 1983 drama film directed by Costa Gavras starring Jill Clayburgh and Gabriel Byrne.
 Mayookham is a 2005 Malayalam film starring Saiju Kurup and Mamta Mohandas in the lead. The film was directed by Hariharan. The film has striking resemblances with the Hollywood film A Walk to Remember.
 The Vampire Happening (German: Gebissen wird nur nachts) is a 1971 West German comedy and horror film directed by Freddie Francis.
 A Gala Christmas in Vienna or Christmas in Vienna V is a DVD released in 1998. Plácido Domingo Sarah Brightman Helmut Lotti and Riccardo Cocciante perform traditional European and American Christmas songs in Vienna Austria. A CD of the songs was also released.The orchestra was the Vienna Symphony conducted by Steven Mercurio.
 Edo Maajka – Sevdah o Rodama is a 2007 documentary about Bosnian rapper Edo Maajka.
 Looking for Richard is a 1996 documentary film directed by Al Pacino in his directoral debut. It is both a performance of selected scenes of William Shakespeare's Richard III and a broader examination of Shakespeare's continuing role and relevance in popular culture. The film was featured at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1996 and it was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Tuxedo is a 2002 American comedy–action film directed by Kevin Donovan and starring Jackie Chan and Jennifer Love Hewitt. It is a spy spoof that involves a special tuxedo that grants its wearer special abilities and a corporate terrorist threatening to poison the United States' fresh water supply with bacteria that spills electrolytes into the blood and totally dehydrates the host.
 Cruel Winter Blues (Hangul: 열혈남아; RR: Yeol-hyeol-nam-a; lit. A Hot-blooded Man) is a 2006 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jeong-beom.Mis-marketed as a gangster action movie reviewers called it an intense family drama about motherhood as a strong self-sacrificing mother has no choice but to endure the hardships of having a hoodlum son.
 Negatives is a 1968 British drama film directed by Peter Medak. Based on a novel by Peter Everett it features Peter McEnery and Glenda Jackson as Theo and Vivien a couple who act out their erotic fantasies by dressing up as the Edwardian murderer Hawley Harvey Crippen and his lover Ethel le Neve. Diane Cilento plays Reingard a German photographer who becomes involved in their private world.
 Jaan Amar Jaan also (Bengali: 'জান আমার জান') is a romantic Action Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film is directed by M. B. Manik produced by Five Star Movies and features Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas in the lead roles. It became one of the top-grossing film of 2009 in Bangladesh.
 Impy's Island (German: Urmel aus dem Eis) is a 2006 German computer-animated feature film based on the children's novel Urmel from the Ice Age by Max Kruse.On a magical tropical island called Tikiwoo a fun-loving group of misfit animals and people make a marvelous discovery.... a baby dinosaur frozen since prehistoric times! Little Impy as they call him is loving his new family and ready to explore the strange new world.
 The Scar (Polish: Blizna) is a 1976 Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Franciszek Pieczka. Filmed on location in Olechów Poland the film is about a man put in charge of the construction of a large chemical factory in his home town in the face of strong opposition from the townspeople who are concerned with their short-term needs.
 The Phantom of the Range is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 Mark Antony is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
 Soft Shoes is a 1925 American drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 There is No Authority But Yourself is a Dutch film directed by Alexander Oey documenting the history of anarchist punk band Crass. The film features archive footage of the band and interviews with former members Steve Ignorant Penny Rimbaud and Gee Vaucher.
 Ramshastri is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Op hoop van zegen is a 1934 Dutch drama film directed by Alex Benno after the 1900 play by the same name by Herman Heijermans.
 Puthiya Mukham (Malayalam: പുതിയ മുഖം English: The New Face) is a 2009 Malayalam action film directed by Diphan and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran. The shooting locations were Kochi Palakkad and Malaysia. The music was composed by Deepak Dev and the cinematography was by Bharani K. Dharan who mainly works in Telugu cinema. The film was a commercial success and was one of the successful films of 2009yet lacked positive reviews regarding creativity.
 Tucker & Dale vs Evil is a 2010 Canadian comedy horror film written and directed by Eli Craig. The film stars Alan Tudyk Tyler Labine and Katrina Bowden.
 Paws is an independent 1997 Australian family film that was released on 25 September 1997 in Australia and filmed in Sydney New South Wales.The film stars 15-year-old guitarist Nathan Cavaleri who has adventures with PC - a talking Jack Russell Terrier (voiced by comedian Billy Connolly).
 Legally Blondes (also known as Legally Blonde 3) is a 2009 film of the Legally Blonde series from MGM. Elle Woods previously played by Reese Witherspoon does not appear in the film but is mentioned several times. Witherspoon produced the film. The film aired on ABC Family and Disney Channel and is directed towards a younger audience than the first two films. The film stars Camilla and Rebecca Rosso as Elle Woods' British twin cousins.
 The Blood of a Poet (French: Le Sang d'un Poète) (1930) is an avant-garde film directed by Jean Cocteau and financed by Charles de Noailles. Photographer Lee Miller made her only film appearance in this movie which features an appearance by the famed aerialist Barbette. It is the first part of the Orphic Trilogy which is continued in Orphée (1950) and concludes with Testament of Orpheus (1960).
 Dr. Kildare's Victory is a 1942 film directed by W. S. Van Dyke. It stars Lew Ayres and Lionel Barrymore. This was the tenth and last of the Dr. Kildare movie series.
 Ice Age: Continental Drift is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy adventure film directed by Steve Martino and Mike Thurmeier. It was written by Jason Fuchs and Michael Berg and features the voices of Ray Romano John Leguizamo Denis Leary Nicki Minaj Drake with Jennifer Lopez and Queen Latifah.It is the fourth installment of the Ice Age series produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 The Wind and the Lion is a 1975 adventure film written and directed by John Milius. It starred Sean Connery Candice Bergen Brian Keith and John Huston. It was based somewhat on the real-life Perdicaris incident of 1904. This movie blends historic facts into a violent fictional adventure in which an American woman Eden Perdicaris (played by Bergen) and her two children are kidnapped by Berber brigand Mulai Ahmed er Raisuli (Connery) prompting U.S.
 Plaster Caster is a 2001 documentary about Cynthia Plaster Caster the legendary groupie who became famous for making plaster casts of rock stars' penises including Jimi Hendrix's.
 Doctor Benny is a 2003 comedy film.
 In the Heart of the Sea (also known as Heart of the Sea) is an upcoming drama film directed by Ron Howard. The film stars Chris Hemsworth Cillian Murphy and Tom Holland. It is based on Nathaniel Philbrick's 2000 book In the Heart of the Sea about the sinking of the whaleship Essex. The film is scheduled for release on March 15 2015.
 Knocking on Heaven's Door is a 2014 Nigerian drama film directed by Desmond Elliot and starring Majid Michel Adesuwa Etomi & Blossom Chukwujekwu. The film premièred on 18th April 2014 at Silverbird Galleria Victoria Island Lagos.It tells a story of the marital relationship between Debbie (Adesuwa Etomi) and Moses (Blossom Chukwujekwu) and how an untold story from Debbie's past tries to jeopardize their seemingly flawless union.
 Three Weeks is a 1924 drama film directed by Alan Crosland. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Elinor Glyn. Currently a lost film FIAF database indicates a print is preserved by Russia's Gosfilmofond.The novel had previously been made into a film in 1914 directed by Perry N. Vekroff and starring Madlaine Traverse and George C. Pearce.
 Blackball is a 2003 British sports comedy film. Tim Firth wrote the screenplay and it was directed by Mel Smith. Its fictional plot is based on the real-life bowls player Griff Sanders.
 Evil Anal is a pornographic film series from Evil Angel and directed by Manuel Ferrara. AS of 2011 there are 14 volumes. It was awarded the AVN Award three years in a row for the Best Anal-Themed Series.
 An Unforgettable Summer (French: Un été inoubliable; Romanian: O vară de neuitat) is a 1994 drama film directed and produced by Lucian Pintilie. A Romanian-French co-production based on a chapter from a novel by Petru Dumitriu it stars British actress Kristin Scott Thomas as the Hungarian-born aristocrat Marie-Thérèse Von Debretsy. Her marriage with Romanian Land Forces captain Petre Dumitriu brings her to Southern Dobruja (present-day northeastern Bulgaria) where they settle in 1925.
 If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death (Italian: Se incontri Sartana prega per la tua morte) also known as Sartana is a 1968 spaghetti western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini. The film stars Gianni Garko William Berger Fernando Sancho and Klaus Kinski and features a musical score by Piero Piccioni. If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death was the first in a series of spaghetti westerns based on the character Sartana.
 Men in Fright is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. Produced and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 172nd Our Gang short to be released.
 Adimakal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam and Filmfare Award for Best Malayalam Film. The film is based on a novel by Pamman.
 The Haunting of Sorority Row (also known as Deadly Pledge in Australia the UK and France) is a 2007 Canadian made for TV film starring Leighton Meester Agam Darshi Lisa Marie Caruk Meghan Ory Carlo Marks and Kailin See. The film aired on the Lifetime Television network and Global TV in October 2007. The film revolves around a freshman at a college who believes a haunted house on sorority row is hiding sinister secrets. A sorority ritual leads to a ghost seeking revenge on sorority members.
 Tapasya (Hindi: तपस्या English: Penance) is a 1976 Hindi movie produced by Tarachand Barjatya for Rajshree Productions. The film is directed by Anil Ganguly. The film stars Raakhee Parikshat Sahni Lalita PawarNazir Hussain A. K. Hangal and Asrani. The film's music is by Ravindra Jain. It won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment for the year.
 Streetlight ( Malayalam - സ്ട്രീറ്റ്ലൈറ്റ് Sţrīṛṛlaiṛṛ) is a Malayalam film written and directed by V.R.Sankar The film was shot entirely on the Kerala with a cast that includes Aparna Nair Irshad (actor) Krishnan Balakrishnan and Maya Viswanath.
 Los enredos de una gallega (The Entanglements of a Galician) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Canzoni di mezzo secolo is a 1952 Italian anthology comedy film by Domenico Paolella.
 Hotel Hell Vacation is an American online comedy short film. It was released on February 7 2010 on HomeAway's website. Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo reprise their roles as Clark and Ellen Griswold. It is the first time Clark and Ellen have been seen in a Vacation film since 1997's Vegas Vacation. The fourteen-minute short premiered as a series of commercials during the Super Bowl to help promote HomeAway Inc. Although sanctioned by Warner Bros.
 La cruz is a 1997 Argentine drama film directed by Alejandro Agresti. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Κάλπικη λίρα (Istoria mias kalpikis liras) (English: The Counterfeit Coin) is a Greek comedy-drama film produced in 1955 written and directed by Giorgos Tzavellas and starring Dimitris Horn Ilia Livykou and Vassilis Logothetidis. At the 2006 International Thessaloniki Film Festival the film was announced as among the 10 all-time best Greek films by the PHUCC (Pan-Hellenic Union of Cinema Critics).
 The Cycle (دایره مینا Dayereh-ye Mina) is a 1975 Iranian film directed by Dariush Mehrjui. It was Iran's submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 50th Academy Awards the first year that Iran participated in the award.
 Dunces and Dangers is a 1918 American film directed by Larry Semon.
 Such a Gorgeous Kid Like Me (French: Une belle fille comme moi) also known as A Gorgeous Bird Like Me is a 1972 French film directed by François Truffaut starring Bernadette Lafont. It is based on Henry Farrell's 1967 novel of the same name.
 Shunyo Awnko (English: The Zero Act) is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Goutam Ghose. The film stars Soumitra Chatterjee Konkona Sen Sharma and Priyanshu Chatterjee in lead roles. In the film Konkona Sen Sharma reportedly plays the role of a journalist and Priyanshu Chatterjee as a corporate officer.
 The Young Lieutenant (French: Le petit lieutenant) is a 2005 drama by French director Xavier Beauvois.
 Mr. Fix It is a 2006 American romantic comedy film starring David Boreanaz. It was directed by Darin FerriolaThe former working titles were Deception and Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship while the former main title was The Perfect Lie.
 Topiwala is a 2013 Kannada political satire film starring Upendra and Bhavana in the lead roles. The film is written by Upendra and directed by MG Srinivas. Kanakapura Sreenivas and K.P. Srikanth jointly produce this venture under R.S. Productions banner. V. Harikrishna composed the music.The film was released on 15 March 2013 in 150 Karnataka theaters and grossed 35 million (US$580000) in its opening weekend and more than 50 million (US$840000) in its first week.
 Bringing Rain is a 2003 independent film written and directed by Noah Buschel. It premiered on May 10 2003 at the Tribeca Film Festival and was released on DVD on September 20 2005. It won first prize at the Rhode Island International Film Festival for directorial debut.
 The Big Blue (French: Le Grand Bleu) is a 1988 English-language Cinéma du look film made by French director Luc Besson. The film stars Jean-Marc Barr Rosanna Arquette Jean Reno and depicts a fictionalized account of the sporting rivalry between two famed free divers. It is a cult-classic in the diving fraternity.
 The Past of Mary Holmes is a 1933 drama film directed by Slavko Vorkapich and Harlan Thompson and released by RKO Pictures. The film is a remake of the silent film The Goose Woman (1925) which is based on a short story by Rex Beach partly based on the Hall-Mills murder case.
 Ziddi (English: Stubborn) is a 1948 Hindi film directed by Shaheed Latif. It was based on a story by Ismat Chughtai and launched the career of Dev Anand as the lead hero. The film helped establish its stars Dev Anand Kamini Kaushal and Pran in Hindi films. The playback singers - Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar recorded their first duet - Ye Kaun Aya Re together in this 1948 film Ziddi.
 Timerider: The Adventure of Lyle Swann directed by William Dear is a 1982 time travel-influenced action film starring Fred Ward as Lyle Swann a cross country dirt bike racer. The movie was scored produced and co-written (with director William Dear) by Michael Nesmith.
 Boat Leaving the Harbor of Trouville (French: Barque sortant du port de Trouville) is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by French magician Georges Méliès. No surviving footage of this film is known to exist.
 Zatoichi and the Doomed Man (座頭市逆手斬り Zatōichi sakate-giri) is a 1965 Japanese chambara film directed by Kazuo Mori and starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).Zatoichi and the Doomed Man is the eleventh episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Kaleldo (English:Summer Heat) is a 2006 Filipino drama directed and written by Brillante Mendoza with Boots Agbayani Pastor. Kaleldo is a Kapampangan term for summer.
 Passport to Pimlico is a 1949 British comedy film made by Ealing Studios and starring Stanley Holloway Margaret Rutherford and Hermione Baddeley. It was directed by Henry Cornelius.The script was written by T.E.B. Clarke and demonstrated his usual logical development of absurd ideas.
 El Crack is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Veera Padhakkam is a 1994 Indian Tamil film directed by Manivannan starring Sathyaraj Radhika Urvashi and Nizhalgal Ravi in lead roles. It was produced by M.Ramanathan.
 Flowers from Nice (German:Blumen aus Nizza) is a 1936 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Erna Sack Friedl Czepa and Karl Schönböck. The film's sets were designed by art directors Emil Stepanek and Julius von Borsody. The film premiered in Vienna in September 1936. In 1939 it was screened in the United States.
 For the 2011 Hindi movie see F.A.L.T.UFaltu (Bengali: ফালতু translation: Useless) is a Bengali movie based on Syed Mustafa Siraj's story Ranir Ghater Brittanto and was released in 2006. It won the 2007 National Award. Produced by Arindam Chaudhuri (Planman Motion Pictures) and directed by Anjan Das the movie featured Soumitra Chatterjee Indrani Halder Yash Pandit and Manjari Fadnis Nirmal Kumar Masood Akhtar Biplab Chatterjee.
 Catch My Smoke is a 1922 American silent western film directed by William Beaudine. It starsTom Mix Lillian Rich and Claude Payton.
 Must Be... Love is a 2013 Filipino coming-of-age romantic comedy film directed by Dado Lumibao starring Kathryn Bernardo and Daniel Padilla. The film was shot in many locations in Cebu and Laguna in the Philippines and also in Berlin Germany.
 Wodzek is a 1985 West German drama film directed by Oliver Herbrich. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Cage of Evil is a 1960 crime film.
 The First Gentleman is a 1948 British historical drama film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Jean-Pierre Aumont Joan Hopkins and Cecil Parker. It portrays the relationships and marriage of George Prince Regent and his tense dealings with other members of his family such as Princess Charlotte and the Duke of York.
 The Cheyenne Social Club is a 1970 Western comedy written by James Lee Barrett directed and produced by Gene Kelly and starring James Stewart Henry Fonda and Shirley Jones. It's the story about an aging cowboy who inherits a brothel and decides to turn it into a respectable boarding house against the wishes of both the townspeople and the ladies working there.
 Antar Mahal (Bengali: অন্তরমহল ôntormohol) is a 2005 Indian Bengali film directed by Rituparno Ghosh.Jackie Shroff plays the zamindar. Other lead roles include Rupa Ganguly and Soha Ali Khan. Abhishek Bachchan plays a supporting role in this film.
 Star Spangled to Death is a 2004 experimental film directed by Ken Jacobs consisting almost entirely of archive footage depicting the history of the United States in film. It won the Douglas Edwards Experimental/Independent Film/Video Award at the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards 2004.Jacobs began compiling material in the late 1950s and premiered the film (almost seven hours in length) at the 2004 New York Film Festival.
 The Real Story of Happy Birthday to You is a Canadian children's animated short film directed by Gerald Potterton as part of The Real Story of... / Favorite Songs series. The short was produced in Canada by Cinar and in France by France Animation in association with Crayon Animation and Western Publishing and was released in January 1992 in the USA. It also features the voices of Edward Asner and Roger Daltrey and was based on a real song.
 Cottage to Let is a 1941 spy film starring Leslie Banks Alastair Sim and John Mills. Set in World War II Scotland its plot concerns Nazi spies trying to kidnap an inventor.
 The Good Witch's Destiny is a 2013 Canadian family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by Annie Frisbie and directed by Craig Pryce. The film stars Catherine Bell Chris Potter Robin Dunne Catherine Disher Matthew Knight Hannah Endicott-Douglas and Peter MacNeill. Destiny is the sixth film in The Good Witch film series. The film premiered on Hallmark Channel October 26 2013.
 The Last Command is a 1955 Trucolor film about Jim Bowie and the fall of the Alamo during the Texas War of Independence in 1836. Filmed by Republic Pictures the picture was an unusually expensive undertaking for the low-budget studio.
 My Right to Ravage Myself (Hangul: 나는 나를 파괴할 권리가 있다; RR: Naneun nareul pagoehal gwolliga itda) is a 2005 South Korean film based on the 1996 novel by Kim Young-ha. It was controversial for its sex scenes and edgy theme of suicide. It was selected to appear in the 7th annual Pusan International Film Festival in 2003 and the 2004 Fribourg International Film Festival.
 Wasted on the Young is an Australian thriller directed by first-time feature filmmaker Ben C. Lucas and shot by cinematographer Dan Freene which tells the story of a traumatic high school incident that sets off a fatal chain of events for two brothers. The film was shot in 2009 at an ultra modern mansion in City Beach and at Edith Cowan University’s Mount Lawley and Joondalup campuses.
 Troll 3 (also known as Creepers Contamination .7 Troll III: Contamination Point 7 or The Crawlers) is a 1993 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato and Fabrizio Laurenti. Like Troll 2 Troll 3 has no plot connection to the original Troll features no trolls and is also a horror film not fantasy-comedy. The film has none of the original cast nor storyline continuation from either Troll film.
 Written on the Wind is a 1956 American drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Rock Hudson Lauren Bacall Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone.The screenplay by George Zuckerman was based on Robert Wilder's 1945 novel of the same name a thinly disguised account of the real-life scandal involving torch singer Libby Holman and her husband tobacco heir Zachary Smith Reynolds.
 Karamdaata is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shashilal K. Nair starring Mithun Chakraborty Shammi Kapoor Amrita Singh Jagdeep Kiran Kumar and Dina Pathak
 The Rat is a 1937 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Anton Walbrook Ruth Chatterton and René Ray. It is based on the play The Rat by Ivor Novello which had previously been made into a 1925 film The Rat starring Novello. It was made at Denham Studios by Herbert Wilcox Productions.
 Ennarukil Nee Irunthal is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Sundar.K.Vijayan starring Chi. Guru Dutt and Priyanka in lead roles.
 Nevada City is a 1941 American film directed by Joseph Kane starring Roy Rogers.
 So Near Yet So Far is a 1912 silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive in the Museum of Modern Art film archive.
 Girls Rock! is a documentary film that follows four 8-18-year-old girls at the Rock and Roll Camp for Girls in Portland Oregon United States.At Rock and Roll Camp girls ranging in age from eight to 18 are taught that it is 100% okay to be exactly who you are. The girls have a week to select a band an instrument they may have never played before and write a song.
 Blade: Trinity is a 2004 American vampire superhero action film starring Wesley Snipes in the title role loosely based on the Marvel Comics character Blade. The film was written and directed by David S. Goyer who also wrote the screenplays to Blade and Blade II with this being the third and final film in the Blade trilogy. The film grossed $128905366 at the U.S. box office on a budget of $65 million. The adventures of Blade continue in 2006's Blade: The Series.
 Welcome to Kodaikanal is a 1992 Malayalam movie written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Kumar. The movie features Jagadish Siddique and Saikumar in the lead roles. The movie was produced by Hameed under the banner of Gemi Movies and was distributed by Pratheeksha Pictures.
 Magnificent Brute is a 1936 American drama film directed by John G. Blystone. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Albert S. D'Agostino and Jack Otterson.
 Ritmo a todo color is a 1980 Argentine film.
 Young Wives' Tale is a 1951 British film directed by Henry Cass. It features one of Audrey Hepburn's earliest film roles albeit a minor one as Eve Lester.
 A Creampuff Romance is a 1916 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Yours (Original Spanish title: Tuya) is a 2010 Venezuelan and Uruguayan fantasy drama film directed by Ivan Mazza.
 The Ferris Wheel (Swedish: Pariserhjulet) is a 1993 Swedish drama film directed by Clas Lindberg. Lindberg won the award for Best Director at the 29th Guldbagge Awards. It was also nominated for Best Film and Helena Bergström won the award for Best Actress.
 Sri Krishnanjaneya Yuddham (Telugu: శ్రీకృష్ణా౦ఙనేయ యుద్ధము) is a classical Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao. The film was released in the year 1972. The film mainly revolves around Lord Anjaneya waiting for Lord Sri Rama's darsanam in Dwaparayuga.
 Valhalla is a Danish animated feature film released in 1986 by Metronome based on volumes one four and five of the comic book series of the same name in its turn based on the Scandinavian tales of the Norse mythology as they are told in Snorri Sturlusons so called Younger Edda (c. 1230). It was directed by Disney animator Jeffrey J. Varab and cartoonist Peter Madsen.
 Yellow Stockings is a 1928 British drama film directed by Theodor Komisarjevsky and starring Percy Marmont Enid Stamp-Taylor and Georges Galli. It was based on a novel by Wilson McArthur and made at Cricklewood Studios. After she unexpectedly receives a large inheritance a young girl is besieged by fortune hunters.
 The Comic is a 1969 comedy film co-written co-produced and directed by Carl Reiner. It stars Dick Van Dyke as Billy Bright – the original title of the film – and Michele Lee as Bright's love interest Reiner himself and Mickey Rooney as Bright's friend and work colleagues. Reiner wrote the screenplay with Aaron Ruben which was inspired by the end of silent film era and in part by the life of silent film superstar Buster Keaton.
 Peeper is a 1976 comedy-mystery film directed by Peter Hyams that starred Michael Caine as Leslie C. Tucker a bungling private investigator.
 Bunny Lake Is Missing is a 1965 British psychological thriller film starring Laurence Olivier and directed and produced by Otto Preminger who filmed it in black and white widescreen format in London. It was based on the novel of the same name by Merriam Modell. The score is by Paul Glass and the opening theme is often heard as a refrain.
 Night of the Hurricane is a one-off programming block that introduced the first crossover event on the Animation Domination lineup on Fox. The block involved the three animated television series created by Seth MacFarlane: American Dad! Family Guy and The Cleveland Show. The event depicts a hurricane which hits the towns of Stoolbend (The Cleveland Show setting) Quahog (Family Guy setting) and Langley Falls (American Dad! setting).
 Fleisch (international title: Spare Parts) is a German cult film by Rainer Erler about organ trade the thriller was produced in the year 1979.
 The Meeting is a 2012 Nigerian romantic comedy drama film produced by Rita Dominic & Mildred Okwo and directed by Mildred Okwo. It stars Femi Jacobs Rita Dominic Linda Ejiofor Kehinde Bankole and Jide Kosoko with Special Appearances from Nse Ikpe Etim Kate Henshaw and Chinedu Ikedieze. It received 6 nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards and won the award for the category Achievement In Make-Up.
 Sam's Song is a 1969 drama film starring Robert De Niro. It was directed by John Broderick and John Shade.
 Crooks in Cloisters is a 1964 British comedy which features Ronald Fraser as 'Little Walter' the leader of a gang of forgers including Bernard Cribbins as 'Squirts' Melvyn Hayes as 'Willy' Grégoire Aslan as 'Lorenzo' and Davy Kaye as 'Specs'.
 Best Boy is a 1979 documentary made by Ira Wohl. The film received critical acclaim and won many awards including the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1979.The film follows Ira's mentally handicapped cousin Philly Wohl who at that time was 52 years old and still living with his elderly parents. Ira forces his aunt and uncle to realize that they will not be around to care for Philly forever and that they must start making preparations for when that time should come.
 King of the Carnival (1955) is a Republic movie serial. It contains a substantial amount of stock footage from the earlier Republic serial Daredevils of the Red Circle. This was the last serial ever made by Republic and is often considered to be one of the worst produced by that company. The plot concerns Treasury Agents investigating a Cold War counterfeiting operation believed to be connected to a circus.
 The Voice (French: La voix) is a 1992 French drama film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre starring Sami Frey and Nathalie Baye. It is set in Rome and tells the story of a man who suddenly comes upon a women he once was in love with. The film is based on a short story by Pierre Drieu La Rochelle. It was shown in the Panorama section of the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Isle of Intrigue is a 1931 Australian film directed by A.R. Harwood. It was one of the first Australian talking movies.
 Aftershock is a 1990 action/Science fiction film directed by Frank Harris written by Michael Standing starring James Lew and Michael Standing. It was distributed through Universal Pictures.
 The Hunter 3D is an upcoming Malaysian 3-D horror film directed by Bjarne Wong.
 Little Red Wagon is a 2012 docudrama directed by David Anspaugh and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan. The film stars Anna Gunn Daveigh Chase Frances O'Connor and Chandler Canterbury.Little Red Wagon covers Zach Bonner's philanthropic work as founder of the Little Red Wagon Foundation. It begins with his volunteer work gathering food and supplies for survivors in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley's carnage.
 Antares is a 2004 Austrian film directed by Götz Spielmann. It was Austria's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 This article is about the 1995 hockey film Net Worth. For the 2000 drama film starring Todd Field and also called Net Worth see Net Worth (film).Net Worth is a 1995 television film that starred Aidan Devine Al Waxman R.H. Thomson and Kevin Conway. It was directed by Jerry Ciccoritti from a script written by Don Truckey Phil Savath David Cruise and Allison Griffiths. Screenplay by David Cruise.
 Garo: Soukoku no Maryu (牙狼〈GARO〉～蒼哭ノ魔竜～ Garo ~Sōkoku no Maryū~ subtitle literally Demon Dragon of the Blue Cries) is a Japanese film that released on February 23 2013 and serves as an epilogue to Garo: Makai Senki. Ryosei Konishi was initially the only confirmed member of the cast but Ray Fujita Shouma Yamamoto Ozuno Nakamura Yukijirō Hotaru Hironobu Kageyama and Hiroyuki Watanabe were later confirmed to appear in the film.
 Salah Asuhan (literally Wrong Upbringing released internationally as The Misfit) is a 1972 film directed by Asrul Sani produced by Andy Azhar and starring Dicky Zulkarnaen Ruth Pelupessy and Rima Melati.
 The Cinema Murder was a 1919 American silent drama film starring Marion Davies adapted from the 1917 novel by E. Phillips Oppenheim. The film is now considered lost.[citation needed]
 Girls Nite Out (also known as The Scaremaker) is a 1982 American slasher film written and produced by Anthony N. Gurvis directed by Robert Deubel and stars Julia Montgomery Suzanne Barnes Rutanya Alda and Hal Holbrook. The film focuses on a group of college girls who are targeted by a killer in a bear mascot costume during an all-night scavenger hunt on their campus.
 While the City Sleeps is a 1956 film noir directed by Fritz Lang. Written by Casey Robinson the newspaper drama was based on The Bloody Spur by Charles Einstein which depicts the story of Lipstick Killer William Heirens. The film features Dana Andrews Rhonda Fleming George Sanders Howard Duff Thomas Mitchell Vincent Price John Drew Barrymore and Ida Lupino.
 Sadda Adda is a 2012 Indian comedy film directed by Muazzam Beg. The film was Muazzam Beg's directorial debut. Sadda Adda was produced by Rajeev Agarwal Ramesh Agarwal and Tarun Agarwal under the banner of Rajtaru Studios Limited.
 And the Word Was Made Flesh is a 1972 Australian film directed and written by Duson Marek. The title of the film is a religious quote from John 1:14.
 Sathurangam (English:Chess) is a 2011 Tamil political drama film directed by Karu Pazhaniappan starring Srikanth and Sonia Agarwal. The film's background score was composed by Vidyasagar and his soundtrack was released in 2004. Filming was completed in 2006 but the film remained unreleased for five years. The project was revived in September 2011 and released on 7 October 2011.
 Kalanju Kittiya Thankam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1964.
 Foo Fighters: Back and Forth is a 2011 rockumentary about Foo Fighters directed by filmmaker James Moll. The film documents the band's history and gets its title from a track on the Foo Fighters' seventh studio album Wasting Light. The film includes material taken from over 1000 hours of historical and new footage and interviews with the current members of Foo Fighters former bandmembers William Goldsmith and Franz Stahl and producer Butch Vig.
 Shubhodrishti is a 2005 Bengali romance film directed by Prabhat Roy and produced under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film features popular Bengali actors Jeet and Koel Mallick in the lead roles. Jeet Ganguly composed the music for the film.
 Nepal Pyaro Chha (Nepali: ) aka Lovely Nepal (International: English title) is a 2001 Nepali film directed by Shambhu Pradhan.
 Happythankyoumoreplease is a 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Josh Radnor in his directorial debut.
 Outside the Law (French: Hors-la-loi Arabic: خارجون عن القانون‎) is a 2010 drama film directed by Rachid Bouchareb starring Jamel Debbouze Roschdy Zem and Sami Bouajila. The story takes place between 1945 and 1962 and focuses on the lives of three Algerian brothers in France set against the backdrop of the Algerian independence movement and the Algerian War. It is a stand-alone follow-up to Bouchareb's 2006 film Days of Glory which was set during World War II.
 White Valentine (Hangul: 화이트 발렌타인; RR: Hwaiteu ballentain) is a 1999 Korean romantic film directed by Yang Yun-ho. It stars Park Shin-yang with Jun Ji-hyun in her movie debut.It is the story of a young woman who re-discovers her childhood pen pal from military service when she happens upon an epistolary exchange he sent to his dead girlfriend by a carrier pigeon.
 Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer is a 2003 feature-length documentary film about Aileen Wuornos made by Nick Broomfield as a follow-up to his 1992 film Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer. The film focuses on Wuornos' declining mental state and the questionable judgment to execute her despite her being of unsound mind.The film climaxes in a final interview with Wuornos just one day before her execution.
 Bequest to the Nation is a 1973 British historical drama film directed by James Cellan Jones and starring Glenda Jackson Peter Finch Michael Jayston and Margaret Leighton. It is based on the 1970 Terence Rattigan play A Bequest to the Nation. The film depicts the relationship between Admiral Lord Nelson and Lady Hamilton during the Napoleonic Wars. In the United States it was released as The Nelson Affair.
 Guest Wife is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Sam Wood written by Bruce Manning and John Klorer and starring Claudette Colbert Don Ameche and Dick Foran. It is also known as What Every Woman Wants.The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture (Daniele Amfitheatrof).
 Neela Parbat (Urdu: نیلا پربت‎) is a 1969 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ahmad Bashir. It was Pakistan's one of earliest experimental feature films.
 Bugles in the Afternoon is a 1952 Western feature film starring Ray Milland based on the novel by Ernest Haycox. The story features the Battle of the Little Big Horn. It was filmed in Technicolor and released by Warner Bros..
 Natürlich die Nelli is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 David is a 1979 West German film by director Peter Lilienthal. It tells the story of a rabbi's son in Germany during the Holocaust who tries to raise money to escape to Mandate Palestine.
 Balunga Toka is a 2011 Oriya Love-cum-Comedy movie directed by Sudhakar Vasant. The movie starring with Anubhav Mohanty and Barsha Priyadarshini as a lead role.
 The Kingfisher Caper is a 1975 South African film directed by Dirk DeVilliers. It stars Hayley Mills David McCallum Jon Cypher Volente Bertotti and Barry Trengove.
 Hidden in the Woods is an upcoming American film directed by Patricio Valladares written by Bradley Marcus Kevin Marcus Patricio Valladares and Andrea Cavaletto. Produced by Michael Biehn Jennifer Blanc and Loris Curci. The film is a remake of Valladares' Spanish-language 2012 film Hidden in the Woods.
 Cast a Dark Shadow is a 1955 British suspense film directed by Lewis Gilbert. The black-and-white film was based on the play Murder Mistaken by Janet Green. The story concerns a young Bluebeard played by Dirk Bogarde.
 Pandian is a 1992 action Tamil language movie directed by the Tamil director SP. Muthuraman. It stars Rajinikanth Kushboo Janagaraj and Jayasudha in the lead roles. It was released on October 25 1992. Its music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was a remake of the Kannada film Bombay Dada starring Tiger Prabhakar Vani Vishwanath Vajramuni and Lakshmi. Prabhakar the director and hero of the Kannada film portrayed the negative role in the Tamil version.
 Kaneez is a 1949 Urdu/Hindi film directed and produced by Krishan Kumar starring Shyam Munawar Sultana and Kuldeep Kaur in lead roles.
 De l'autre côté du lit (English: Changing Sides) is a 2008 French comedy film directed by Pascale Pouzadoux and starring Sophie Marceau and Dany Boon. Adapted from the novel of the same name by Alix Girod de l'Ain the film is about a husband and wife who decide to exchange their lives for a year in order to save their marriage. De l'autre côté du lit was filmed on location in Paris.
 Campus on the March is a short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information in 1942.The twenty minute film exhaustively list the number of institutions of higher learning and many different war activities that have begun at each including the University of Texas Texas A&M Harvard Dartmouth College and the University of California. There are many different shots of ROTC units and auxiliary formations. Many men are in the military and in college at the same time.
 Pontos is a 2008 dramatic short film concerning the Greek genocide. The film's duration is a little over 10 minutes and was filmed entirely in Australia. Written produced and directed by Peter Stefanidis Pontos aims to capture a small part of the genocide from the perspective of its two central characters played by Lee Mason (Kemal) and Ross Black (Pantzo).
 Şəhər bağında xalq gəzintisi is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Aleksandr Mişon. It was filmed on May 31 1898 and released on June 21 1898 in Baku.The film was shot on 35mm.
 La stazione is a 1952 Italian documentary film directed by Valerio Zurlini.
 O.C. and Stiggs is a 1987 film directed by Robert Altman based on two characters that were originally featured in a series of stories published in National Lampoon magazine. The film stars Daniel H. Jenkins and Neill Barry as the title characters.
 Beautiful (Hangul: 아름답다; RR: Areumdapda) is a 2008 South Korean film and the debut feature of director Juhn Jai-hong. The film is based on an original story by Kim Ki-duk.
 From No. 37 (Persian: از خانه شماره ۳۷) is an Iranian documentary about the 20th century Persian author Sadegh Hedayat. It was directed by Sam Kalantari and Mohsen Shahrnazdar. From No. 37 lasts for 90 minutes and was filmed in France Iran Norway and the United Kingdom.From No. 37 explores the private life and works of Hedayat.
 Shadows & Lies (also known as In Praise of Shadows and William Vincent) is a 2010 romantic drama film starring James Franco and Julianne Nicholson. Filming took place in New York City New York. The film had a release at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010.
 Flicka is a 2006 film loosely based on the 1941 children's novel My Friend Flicka by Mary O'Hara. The film is directed by Michael Mayer. The novel has previously been made into a film in 1943 and served as the inspiration for a 39-episode TV series in 1956–1957.In this version set in the 21st century the protagonist isn't a boy but a girl played by Alison Lohman.
 Raising Arizona is a 1987 American comedy film directed written and produced by the Coen brothers and starring Nicolas Cage Holly Hunter William Forsythe John Goodman Frances McDormand and Randall Tex Cobb. Not a blockbuster at the time of its release it has since achieved cult status. In a manner typical of Coen Brothers fare the movie is replete with symbolism visual gags unconventional characters flamboyant camera work biblical references pathos and idiosyncratic dialogue.
 Pardon My Rhythm is a 1944 movie starring Gloria Jean Patric Knowles and Evelyn Ankers featuring Mel Tormé and Bob Crosby and directed by Felix E. Feist.
 Los Drogadictos is a 1979 Argentine comedy film drama directed by Enrique Carreras.
 Cover Up is a 1949 black-and-white mystery film written by and starring Dennis O'Keefe. O'Keefe is credited as screenwriter Jonathan Rix. The murder mystery takes place during the Christmas season.
 Drawing Flies is a 1996 comedy film from Kevin Smith's View Askew Productions. It was made by two Canadian filmmakers Malcolm Ingram and Matt Gissing with financial backing from Smith and Scott Mosier.
 La Grande Bouffe (Italian: La grande abbuffata English: The Grande Bouffe and Blow-Out) is a 1973 French–Italian film directed by Marco Ferreri. It stars Marcello Mastroianni Ugo Tognazzi Michel Piccoli and Philippe Noiret.
 Charade is a 1963 Technicolor American romantic comedy/mystery film directed by Stanley Donen written by Peter Stone and Marc Behm and starring Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn. The cast also features Walter Matthau James Coburn George Kennedy Dominique Minot Ned Glass and Jacques Marin. It spans three genres: suspense thriller romance and comedy.
 Lucky Bastard is a 2014 found footage horror movie and the directorial debut of American producer Robert Nathan. The film had its world premiere in May 2013 at the Monaco Film Festival and was given a limited theatrical release on February 14 2014 in the United States. It stars Don McManus as a porn site owner that finds more than he anticipated when he hires a seemingly docile young man (Jay Paulson) to have sex on camera.
 Sakaler Rang (2009) is a Bengali film directed by Suvamoy Chattopadhyay. This was first movie of Suvamoy as a director. This budget of the film 900000 (US$15000). Because of this reason Suvamoy had to take burden of almost all the departments of the film.
 For Those I Loved (French: Au nom de tous les miens) is a drama film from 1983 with Michael York about a Polish Jewish Holocaust survivor who emigrated to the USA in 1946.
 The Black Widow is a 1951 British thriller directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christine Norden and Robert Ayres. The film was a B-movie production by Hammer Film Productions and was based on a radio serial entitled Return from Darkness.
 Lord John's Journal (also known as The Journal of Lord John) is a 1915 American silent mystery film directed by Edward J. Le Saint based on a story by Harvey Gates. Starring William Garwood in the lead role.
 The Scarlet Streak is a 1925 action film serial directed by Henry MacRae.
 Chhota Bheem and The Crown of Valahalla is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Chhota Bheem series. It is the 15th movie of the series. Running Time - 69 mins. This movie was released on Bheem's Birthday on 1 May 2013.
 A River Runs Through It is a 1992 American film directed by Robert Redford and starring Craig Sheffer Brad Pitt Tom Skerritt Brenda Blethyn and Emily Lloyd.
 Second Bureau (French:Deuxième bureau) is a 1935 French spy romance film directed by Pierre Billon and starring Jean Murat Véra Korène and Janine Crispin. It is based on the novel Second Bureau by Charles Robert-Dumas. The following year it was remade as a British film by Victor Hanbury.
 Mario is a 1984 Quebec drama film set in the Magdalen Islands directed by Jean Beaudin and produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
 A Man for Emmanuelle (Italian: Io Emmanuelle) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Cesare Canevari and starring Erika Blanc.
 Bullet is a 1996 American crime drama film directed by Julien Temple and starring Mickey Rourke Donnie Wahlberg Adrien Brody Ted Levine Tupac Shakur and John Enos III. The screenplay was written by Bruce Rubenstein and Rourke under a pseudonym. The film was released a month after Shakur's murder.Mickey Rourke was also the music supervisor of the film. It had limited distribution in theaters in the US. It was shot in New York City with a significant portion done in Brooklyn.
 Strawberry and Chocolate (Spanish: Fresa y chocolate) is a Cuban-Spanish-Mexican co-produced film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and Juan Carlos Tabío based on the short story The Wolf The Forest and the New Man (in Spanish El Lobo el bosque y el hombre nuevo) written by Senel Paz in 1990. Senel Paz also wrote the screenplay for the film.
 Tiger from Tjampa (Indonesian: Harimau Tjampa) is an Indonesian black and white drama film released in 1953 produced by Perfini written and directed by D. Djajakusuma. It is still highly regarded today in Indonesia as an early portrayal in a fiction film of aspects of a traditional regional culture. Despite the numerous combat scenes as well as scenes of students practicing pencak silat Indonesia's traditional form of self-defence based on the movements of animals.
 After Many Years is a 1908 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film exist in the Library of Congress film archive. The film is an adaptation of Enoch Arden.
 Life and Debt is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Stephanie Black. It examines the economic and social situation in Jamaica and specifically the impact thereon of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank's globalization policies.
 Adimaippenn (Slave Girl) is a 1969 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shanker. The film features M. G. Ramachandran as the main character with J. Jayalalitha R. S. Manohar and Cho Ramaswamy in supporting roles. A Silver Jubilee hit(Madurai-Meenakshi ) and it ran 100 days in major cities of Tamil Nadu. This industrial record was beaten by Ulagam Sutrum Valiban four years later.
 'Máncora is the second film of Peruvian director Ricardo de Montreuil. Máncora premiered as an official selection at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
 Woh Din Yaad Karo is a 1971 Bollywood family drama film directed by K. Amarnath. The film stars Sanjay Khan and Nanda.
 There's Nothing Out There is a 1991 comedy horror film that was directed by Rolfe Kanefsky.
 Aanchal is a 1960 Hindi movie directed by Vasant Joglekar. The film stars Ashok Kumar Nanda Lalita Pawar and Nirupa Roy.
 A Raisin in the Sun is a 2008 television film directed by Kenny Leon. The teleplay by Paris Qualles is based on the award-winning 1959 play of the same name by Lorraine Hansberry. The film debuted at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was broadcast by ABC on February 25 2008. According to Nielsen Media Research the program was watched by 12.7 million viewers and ranked #9 in the ratings for the week ending March 2 2008.
 Dishyum (2006) is a Tamil film directed by Sasi. The film stars Jiiva Sandhya Undapakru Venkat Prabhu Nassar and Anee Malavika. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Vijay Antony of Sukran fame. The story tells a love relationship between a stuntman and an art student providing plenty of exciting scenes along the way.
 Chhota Bheem In Junglee Kabeela is an Indian animated movie which belongs to the Chhota Bheem series. The main character of the movie is Bheem. It is the 17th movie of the series. Running Time- 55 mins. The story of this movie is same as Chhota Bheem and The Broken Amulet. This movie was released on 9 June 2013.
 Scoop is a 2006 American-British romantic comedy/murder mystery written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Hugh Jackman Scarlett Johansson Ian McShane and Allen himself. The film was released in the United States by Focus Features on July 28 2006.
 Effi Briest is a 1971 East German film directed by Wolfgang Luderer.
 Street Smart is a 1987 American film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Christopher Reeve Morgan Freeman and Kathy Baker. It was shot in New York City and Montreal Quebec.
 Oh You Beautiful Doll was a 1949 musical film that starred the musical queen June Haver and Mark Stevens. Co-stars included S.Z. Sakall Charlotte Greenwood and Gale Robbins.
 Kelinlar qoʻzgʻoloni (The Rebellion of the Brides) (Uzbek: Kelinlar qoʻzgʻoloni Келинлар қўзғолони; Russian: Бунт невесток) is a 1984 Uzbek comedy film based on an eponymous play by the Uzbek writer Said Ahmad and directed by Melis Abzalov. Kelinlar qoʻzgvoloni is one of the most critically acclaimed Uzbek films of the Soviet period. Like Melis Abzalov's previous film Suyunchi Kelinlar qoʻzgʻoloni tells the story of an authoritative grandmother.
 The Sinful Dwarf (original title: Dværgen) is a 1973 Danish film by Vidal Raski.
 Stanley and Stella in: Breaking the Ice also known as Love Found is a 1987 computer animated short film.
 Kaze Slow Down (風、スローダウン) is a 1991 Japanese film directed by Shinsuke Shimada.
 Erich Kubak is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Ski Party is a 1965 American comedy film directed by Alan Rafkin and released by American International Pictures (AIP) starring Frankie Avalon and Dwayne Hickman. Ski Party is part of the 1960s beach party film genre with a change of setting from the beach to the ski slopes – although the final scene places everyone back at the beach.
 Yo-Yo Girl Cop known in Japan as Sukeban Deka: Code Name = Saki Asamiya (スケバン刑事 コードネーム=麻宮サキ Sukeban Deka: Kōdo Nēmu = Asamiya Saki) is a 2006 Japanese live-action feature film the third to be based on the manga Sukeban Deka directed by Kenta Fukasaku.The film stars Aya Matsuura in the lead role of Saki Asamiya and Rika Ishikawa as her rival Reika Akiyama. Yuki Saito who played the role of Saki in the first live-action television series appears here as Saki's mother.
 Hunting Time (Turkish: Av Zamanı) is a 1988 Turkish drama film directed by Erden Kıral about the 1980 Turkish coup d'état. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Weight of Water is a 2000 film based on the novel of the same name by Anita Shreve. Directed by Kathryn Bigelow the film stars Sean Penn Elizabeth Hurley Sarah Polley Josh Lucas and Catherine McCormack. The film was shot in Nova Scotia. Although it premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2000 it was not released in the United States until November 1 2002.
 Blue Murder is a two-part Australian television miniseries produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in 1995 and is based on true events.Given its confronting content the DVD release was classified MA 15+. An injunction brought during Arthur Neddy Smith's appeal against his life sentence saw its broadcast delayed in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory for six years until 2001.
 Sagina Mahato is a 1970 Bengali film. Produced by Shri J.K. Kapur and directed by Tapan Sinha the film stars Dilip Kumar and Saira Banu. The film is based on the true story of the labour movement of 1942-43 told through with fictional characters and the mock trial of Sagina Mahato the trade union leader of a factory in Siliguri. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was shot on locations in Kurseong near Darjeeling.
 Reunion is a 1980 television film directed by Russ Mayberry.
 Family Plan is a made for television movie filmed in Los Angeles by Mat IV Productions in association with Alpine Media and Larry Levinson Productions and presented by Hallmark Entertainment. It premiered on February 12 2005 on Hallmark Channel as part of their Valentine's Day celebration.
 Chamku is a 2008 Indian crime drama film written and directed by Kabeer Kaushik. It stars Bobby Deol in the eponymous role. It also co-stars Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan Khan. The film released worldwide on 29 August 2008.
 The Rowdyman is a comedy film with moralistic overtones set in Newfoundland. It was written by and starred Gordon Pinsent a native Newfoundlander. The film became a commercial hit and landed Pinsent a Canadian Film Award for Best Leading Actor. The film is about Will Cole (Pinsent) a man in his thirties who sees no reason to take life seriously but his antics bring pain and tragic consequences to his friends and family.
 Die Straße (1923) also known as The Street is a German silent film directed by Karl Grune.
 Future-Kill is a 1985 low-budget comedy science fiction-horror film about a group of frat boys who are hunted in a futuristic city by mutants. The film was directed by Ronald W. Moore and stars Edwin Neal Marilyn Burns and Gabriel Folse. The poster for the film was designed by renowned artist H. R. Giger.
 I'll Get You for This (released in the US as Lucky Nick Cain) is a 1951 UK black-and-white film made by Kaydor. It was directed by Joseph M. Newman from an adaptation by George Callahan and William Rose of James Hadley Chase's book of the same name.The film stars George Raft Coleen Gray and Enzo Staiola.
 Kimurake no Hitobito (木村家の人びと) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Yōjirō Takita. It is also known as The Yen Family in America as well as Famille Yen in France. It stars Takeshi Kaga and Kaori Momoi. It is a comedy about a family and their obsession for making money.
 To Joy (Swedish: Till glädje) is a 1950 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman about a young married couple who play together in a Swedish orchestra.
 Back to School is a 1986 comedy film starring Rodney Dangerfield Keith Gordon Sally Kellerman Burt Young Terry Farrell William Zabka Ned Beatty Sam Kinison and Robert Downey Jr. It was directed by Alan Metter.The plot centers on a wealthy but uneducated father (Dangerfield) who goes to college to show solidarity with his discouraged son (Gordon) and learns that he cannot buy an education or happiness.
 Rim of the Canyon is a 1949 American Western film directed by John English and starring and co-produced by Gene Autry; featuring Nan Leslie and Thurston Hall. Based on the short story Phantom .45's Talk Loud by Joseph Chadwick the film is about a horse stolen by escaped convicts and the cowboy who pursues them to a ghost town inhabited by a ghost.
 Deranged is a Canadian-American horror film made in 1974 and directed by Alan Ormsby and Jeff Gillen. It is also known by the title Deranged: The Confessions of a Necrophile in the USA. It is a low-budget movie that has since become something of a cult film and is based on the life of Ed Gein. The title is however misleading since Ed Gein never experimented with necrophilia; although a necrophile is also defined as an obsessive fascination with death and corpses.
 99 Homes is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Ramin Bahrani. The film stars Andrew Garfield Michael Shannon Laura Dern and Noah Lomax.
 Captain Sindbad (note the spelling) is a 1963 King Brothers Productions film directed by Byron Haskin and filmed in Bavaria Germany. It stars Guy Williams (Disney's Zorro and future Lost in Space star) and Heidi Brühl.
 Green Grass Widows was a 1928 American silent comedy film produced and released by Tiffany-Stahl Productions formerly Tiffany Pictures. It was directed by the Alfred Raboch and starred golf player Walter Hagen. The film co-stars Hedda Hopper and Gertrude Olmstead. Some sources have the film lost.However a copy is said to be held at British Film Institute(BFI).
 Baghdad Texas is a comedy film directed by David H. Hickey and stars Al No'Mani Robert Prentiss Melinda Renna Barry Tubb Ryan Boggus and Shaneye Ferrell. The writers include Shaneye Ferrell David H. Hickey and Al No'Mani. The movie was produced by Booka Michel. The film has had a number of festival screenings and had its official theatrical release at the Quad Cinema in New York City on August 27 2010.
 Life Is Most Important (Spanish: Lo que importa es vivir) is a 1987 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bear Nation is a 2010 documentary film directed by Malcolm Ingram that focuses on the Bear movement within the gay community.
 Walk on Fire is a 1988 Hong Kong action film directed by Norman Law and starring Andy Lau and Cherie Chung.
 Trudell is a 2005 documentary film about the life of author and American Indian activist John Trudell. The film traces Trudell from his childhood in Omaha Nebraska to his role in the American Indian Movement and finally to his rebirth as a musician and spoken word poet. Heather Rae produced and directed the film which took her more than a decade to complete. Trudell aired nationally in the U.S. on April 11 2006 as part of the Independent Lens series on PBS.
 Godzilla King of the Monsters! is a 1956 Japanese American science fiction kaiju film. It is an American production incorporating most of the footage of the Japanese film Godzilla which had previously been shown subtitled in the United States in Japanese community theaters only and was not known in Europe.
 The Land of the Settlers is a five-part documentary series created by Chaim Yavin who was described by the Arab News as the Israeli version of America’s Walter Cronkite. With a handheld camera Yavin traveled throughout his homeland of Israel and interviewed a range of Palestinians and Israelis in order to document the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
 Le Saut à la couverture (also known as Brimade dans une caserne) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière. The film formed part of the first commercial presentation of the Lumière Cinématographe on December 28 1895 at the Salon Indien Grand Café 14 Boulevard des Capuchins Paris.
 The Magic Garden of Stanley Sweetheart is a 1970 American film about campus unrest.
 Red Dirt Rising is a 2011 film starring Brad Yoder Burgess Jenkins and Brett Rice based on the book Red Dirt Tracks: The Forgotten Heroes of Early Stockcar Racing by Gail Cauble Gurley telling the true story of race car driver Jimmie Lewallen. The film dramatizes the birth of NASCAR in the 1930s and 1940s.
 Maria Marten or The Murder in the Red Barn is a 1935 British film melodrama film starring Tod Slaughter and Eric Portman. It was directed by Milton Rosmer whose most famous film was the English-language version of Emil and the Detectives that same year. It is based on the true story of the 1827 Red Barn Murder.
 Advance to the Rear is a light-hearted 1964 American western comedy film set in the American Civil War. It stars Glenn Ford Stella Stevens and Melvyn Douglas and is directed by George Marshall. The film is based on the 1957 novel Company of Cowards by Jack Schaefer with the film having that title in pre-production and when released in the United Kingdom.
 The Goldwyn Follies is a 1938 Technicolor film written by Ben Hecht Sid Kuller Sam Perrin and Arthur Phillips with music by George Gershwin Vernon Duke and Ray Golden and lyrics by Ira Gershwin. Some sources credit Kurt Weill as one of the composers but this is apparently incorrect.
 Whatever Lola Wants (2007) is a romantic drama film directed by Nabil Ayouch and starring Laura Ramsey Carmen Lebbos Assaad Bouab and Achmed Akkabi. The film premiered on 11 December 2007 at the Dubai International Film Festival and was scheduled to be released in France on 11 April 2008.
 Killer Tomatoes Strike Back! is a 1990 film. It is the third in the Killer Tomatoes film series following Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1978) and Return of the Killer Tomatoes (1988) and followed by Killer Tomatoes Eat France (1991). The film is notable in that it is the first time we see killer tomatoes with faces and was the only killer tomatoes film that did not begin with the traditional Killer Tomatoes score although remixes play during the film.
 Born Lucky is a 1933 British rags to riches musical-comedy drama directed by Michael Powell and starring René Ray and John Longden. The screenplay was adapted from the 1928 novel Mops by Marguerite Florence Barclay.Born Lucky is one of eleven quota quickies directed by Powell between 1931 and 1936 of which no print is known to survive.
 Half a Bride is a 1928 American silent romance film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Esther Ralston Gary Cooper and William Worthington. Based on the short story White Hands by Arthur Stringer and written by Doris Anderson Percy Heath and Julian Johnson the film is about an impulsive thrill-seeking heiress who announces to her father that she entered into a companionate marriage with one of her party friends.
 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Swedish: Flickan som lekte med elden) is a 2009 Swedish thriller film directed by Daniel Alfredson and the sequel to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is based on the best-selling novel of the same name by the late Swedish author and journalist Stieg Larsson the second in his Millennium series.The film follows Lisbeth Salander as she returns to Sweden after spending a year abroad.
 Timecop is a 1994 science fiction action film directed by Peter Hyams and co-written by Mike Richardson and Mark Verheiden. Richardson also served as executive producer. The film is based on Time Cop a story written by Verheiden and drawn by Phil Hester and Chris Warner which appeared in the anthology comic Dark Horse Comics published by Dark Horse Comics.The film stars Jean-Claude Van Damme as a police officer in 1994 and a U.S.
 Oh God! You Devil (1984) is a black comedy/fantasy film starring George Burns Ted Wass Ron Silver and Roxanne Hart.Directed by Paul Bogart and produced by Robert M. Sherman. The screenplay was adapted by Andrew Bergman.Oh God! You Devil is the third and final installment in the Oh God! series based on the novel of the same title by Avery Corman.George Burns received a Saturn Award nomination for Best Actor for his performance.
 Tainy Sledstviya Russian: About this sound Тайны следствия​ (Secrets of Investigation or Confidentiality of Investigation) is a Russian television series filmed from 2000 through 2013. The format of the series features 2 to 4 50 minutes episodes arranged into story clusters. The television series follows the work of a Chief Detective Maria Shvetsova (played by Anna Kovalchuk)of a St.Petersburg Saint Petersburg District IC Investigative Committee of Russia.
 The Burial Society is a 2002 is a neo-noir thriller film written and directed by Nicholas Racz. The film stars Rob LaBelle Jan Rubes Allan Rich Bill Meilen Seymour Cassel and David Paymer. The film follows a lonely depressed Jewish man who becomes involved in the mafia.
 Gone Fishin' is a 1997 American comedy film starring Joe Pesci and Danny Glover as two bumbling fishing enthusiasts. Nick Brimble Rosanna Arquette Lynn Whitfield and Willie Nelson costar. This film is the third collaboration between Glover and Pesci. The first two films with the two are Lethal Weapon 2 and Lethal Weapon 3. They would team up together again the following year for Lethal Weapon 4.
 Alakazam the Great (西遊記 Saiyu-ki lit. Journey to the West) is a 1960 Japanese musical anime film based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West and was one of the earliest anime films to be released in the United States. Based on the manga My Son Goku (ぼくのそんごくう Boku no Son Gokū) by Osamu Tezuka he was named as a director of the film by Toei Company. However Tezuka later stated that the only time he was in the studio was to pose for publicity photos.
 Poomagal Oorvalam is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Madhuravan. The film stars Prashanth Rambha and Livingston in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Siva.
 Morals for Women is a 1931 Pre-Code talking film produced and released by Tiffany Pictures often considered a low budget studio. The film stars Bessie Love and Conway Tearle and is preserved at the Library of Congress. It is also available on DVD. This movie is a sequel or follow up of sorts to Tiffany's 1925 silent Morals for Men which starred Conway Tearle and is also preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Contract is a 2012 Ghanaian film produced by Yvonne Okoro and directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso starring Hlomla Dandala Joseph Benjamin and Yvonne Okoro. It received six nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards including: Best Director Achievement In Screenplay Best Actor In A Leading Role and Best Actress In A Leading Role.
 The Mourning Forest (Japanese: 殯の森Mogari no mori) is an 2007 Japanese film directed by Naomi Kawase. It won the Grand prix at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It tells the story of a nurse (played by Machiko Ono) who is grieving for her dead child. She works at a nursing home and grows close to an elderly man (Shigeki Uda) suffering from dementia who is searching in the local forest for something connected to his dead wife that he cannot explain.
 The Money Pit is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Tom Hanks and Shelley Long as a couple who attempt to renovate a recently purchased house. It was filmed in New York City and Lattingtown New York. It is a remake of the 1948 film Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House starring Cary Grant and Myrna Loy. The film was co-executive produced by Steven Spielberg.A TV series based on the film is in development at NBC.
 Di Timur Matahari (phrasal translation: To The East Of The Morning Sun) is a 2012 Indonesian film directed by Ari Ale Sihasale and starring Laura Basuki and Lukman Sardi. Shot in Tioh Lanny Jaya Papua over a period of one month it follows young Papuan children as they struggle to learn despite an ongoing tribal war.
 Van de koele meren des doods is a 1982 Dutch film directed by Nouchka van Brakel and based on the same-named novel by Frederik van Eeden. Book and film give an account of a bourgeois woman who struggles with her sexuality. The film is known internationally as Hedwig: The Quiet Lakes and The Cool Lakes of Death. The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Balseros (Spanish: Rafters) is a 2002 Spanish documentary co-directed by Carlos Bosch and Josep Maria Domènech about Cubans leaving during the Período Especial. As a consequence of the widespread poverty that came with the end of economic support from the former USSR 37191 Cubans left Cuba in 1994 unimpeded by the Cuban government using anything they could find or build to get to Florida in the USA.
 Found Memories (Portuguese: Histórias que Só Existem Quando Lembradas) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Júlia Murat. It won the Best Narrative Feature Jury Award at the 2012 RiverRun International Film Festival.
 Tit for Tat is a 1935 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy. It was the only direct sequel they made following the story of the previous year's Them Thar Hills. Tit for Tat was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film (Comedy) but did not win.
 Lucky Number Slevin (known as The Wrong Man in Australia) is a 2006 crime thriller film written by Jason Smilovic directed by Paul McGuigan and starring Josh Hartnett Bruce Willis Morgan Freeman Ben Kingsley Stanley Tucci and Lucy Liu. Set in New York City the plot focuses on the paths of Slevin Kelevra (Hartnett) Lindsey (Liu) two feuding crime lords known as The Boss (Freeman) and The Rabbi (Kingsley) and a mysterious hitman known as Mr. Goodkat (Willis).
 Mother Earth (Italian:Terra madre) is a 1931 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Leda Gloria Sandro Salvini and Isa Pola. It was made at the Cines Studios in Rome. Along with Blasetti's other early films it shows a strong influence of Soviet-style realism. A country landowner decides to sell up and move to the city but later has a change of heart. It was part of Fascist Italy's promotion of rural over urban values.
 Cane Toads: An Unnatural History (1988) is a 47-minute documentary film about the introduction of Cane Toads to Australia. Cane Toads were introduced to Australia with the aim of controlling a sugar cane pest but they over-multiplied and became a serious problem in the Australian ecosystem.
 Dalkeith is a 2001 Australian film about residents of an old persons home who buy a grey hound.The film was shot in 15 days in Ballarat and was made with private investment.
 Los Orilleros is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Vigilantes y ladrones (vigilantes and robbers) is an 1952 Argentine film.
 Barabbas (Italian: Barabba) is a 2012 American-Italian television film directed by Roger Young.
 Fargo is a 1996 American crime-black comedy film written produced edited and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. It stars Frances McDormand as a pregnant Minnesota police chief who investigates a series of local homicides and William H. Macy as a struggling car salesman who hires two criminals to kidnap his wife.
 All Flowers in Time is a 2010 short surrealist horror film directed by Jonathan Caouette. The plot centers on a television signal that possesses young children making them believe they can transform into other people or monsters. The film stars Chloë Sevigny and has been screened at several film festivals as of fall 2010. Although it shares a similar name the film's title is not directly connected to the Jeff Buckley song All Flowers in Time Bend Towards the Sun.
 Ek Se Bhadkar Ek is a 1976 Hindi movie. Directed by Brij the film stars Ashok Kumar Sharmila Tagore and Navin Nischol. The films music is by Kalyanji Anandji.The film also stars actor Raaj Kumar.
 Star Spangled Girl is a 1971 American romantic comedy film based on the Neil Simon play The Star-Spangled Girl. It stars Tony Roberts Todd Susman and Sandy Duncan.
 Ajay is a 2006 Kannada language sports film starring Puneeth Rajkumar and Anuradha Mehta It was Anuradha's debut Kannada film. The film is remake of Telugu blockbuster Okkadu.
 The Eternal Evil of Asia (Chinese: 南洋十大邪术; pinyin: Nan yang shi da xie shu) is a 1995 Hong Kong Category III comedy horror film written and directed by Man Kei Chin. The film follows a group of friends who on a hedonistic trip to Thailand accidentally kill a sorcerer's sister and upon arriving back home to Hong Kong find themselves cursed.
 Melody Ranch is a 1940 Western musical film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry Jimmy Durante and Ann Miller. Written by Jack Moffitt F. Hugh Herbert Bradford Ropes and Betty Burbridge the film is about a singing cowboy who returns to his hometown to restore order when his former childhood enemies take over the frontier town.
 Piece of My Heart is a New Zealand film from 2009 starring Keisha Castle-Hughes Annie Whittle Emily Barclay and Rena Owen. It is about teen mums in 1960s New Zealand and what really happened in their harrowing journeys from pregnancy to birth to adoption.
 The Last Supper (Hangul: 최후의 만찬; RR: Choihui mancheon; aka Come Tomorrow) is a 2003 South Korean film directed by Son Yeong-guk.The film is about three people on the verge of ending their lives—a malpracticing doctor just released from prison a young woman with debt problems and a terminal illness and a gangster on the run from a rival gang—who meet each other by chance and start to turn their fortunes around.
 The Robot vs. the Aztec Mummy (originally La momia azteca contra el robot humano) is a 1958 Mexican film directed by Rafael Portillo starring Ramón Gay and Rosa Arenas. It blends elements of science fiction and horror.
 The Mummy's Tomb is the 1942 horror film sequel to The Mummy's Hand (1940).Lon Chaney Jr. disliked the role of Kharis the mummy. Make-up artist Jack Pierce spent up to eight hours to wrap Chaney. A rubber mask was used for long shots. For unknown reasons Wallace Ford's character's name is changed from Jenson from the previous film to Hanson in this film.
 New York Street Games is a 2010 documentary film directed by Matt Levy about children's games played by kids in New York City for centuries. The games are fondly remembered by people who grew up in the city. Current and historical documentary footage shows children playing these games interspersed with scenes of celebrities discussing their own childhood experiences playing these games on the streets of New York.
 The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach (German: Chronik der Anna Magdalena Bach) is a 1968 film by the French filmmaking duo of Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet. It was their first full-length feature film and reportedly took a decade to finance. The film stars renowned harpsichordist Gustav Leonhardt as Johann Sebastian Bach and Christiane Lang as Anna Magdalena Bach. The orchestral music was performed by Concentus Musicus and conducted by Nikolaus Harnoncourt.
 Kicking & Screaming is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Jesse Dylan starring Will Ferrell and Robert Duvall. It focuses on the exploits of a boys' soccer team and their new coach.
 August Underground's Penance is a 2007 horror film written and directed by Fred Vogel and co-written by Cristie Whiles. It is the sequel to 2003's August Underground's Mordum and the final installment in the August Underground series which began in 2001.
 I Could Never Be Your Woman is a 2007 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Amy Heckerling and starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Paul Rudd. The film was released on May 11 in Spain July 18 in Belgium September 14 in Brazil September 20 in Greece and October 19 in Taiwan. The film was not released theatrically in the United States instead going direct to DVD on February 12 2008.
 Girl Model is a 2011 documentary film following Ashley a conflicted model scout recruiting young Siberian girls to model in Japan and Nadya a recruited 13-year-old who gets financially taken advantage of during her modeling work in Japan. It was directed by David Redmon and A. Sabin. The film holds a 93% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.While receiving much praise for its subject matter it left some critics wondering why the filmmakers didn't question the participants more thoroughly.
 Trishakti is a 1999 Indian Bollywood film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar. It stars Arshad Warsi Sharad Kapoor Milind Gunaji and Radhika in pivotal roles.
 Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay is a 2008 American stoner comedy film the second installment in the Harold & Kumar series. The film was written produced and directed by Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg.The story continues where Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle leaves off with Harold Lee (John Cho) and Kumar Patel (Kal Penn) flying to Amsterdam. They are then imprisoned and end up on a series of comical misadventures when they escape from Guantanamo Bay.
 Krasue Valentine (Thai: กระสือวาเลนไทน์ also Ghost of Valentine) is a 2006 Thai romance-horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak. The film concerns the krasue ghost legend that is common in Southeast Asian countries.
 Night of the Demon is a 1980 low-budget horror movie directed by James C. Wasson and written by Mike Williams presenting a gory take on the Bigfoot legend.
 Eréndira is a 1983 drama film directed by Ruy Guerra. The film script was written by Gabriel García Márquez. The original script actually preceded his novella The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother published in 1972. The characters of Eréndira and her grandmother had already appeared briefly in his book One Hundred Years of Solitude (1967). Garcia Marquez' recreated the screenplay from memory (the original was lost) for Guerra’s film.
 Raid on Entebbe is a 1977 TV movie directed by Irvin Kershner. It is based on an actual event: Operation Entebbe and the freeing of hostages at Entebbe Airport in Entebbe Uganda on July 4 1976. The portrayal of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was Peter Finch's final performance. He eventually died five days after the film's release.
 Nobody Home is a 1919 American film starring Dorothy Gish and Ralph Graves. Rudolph Valentine (a pre-stardom Rudolph Valentino) had an early role. Its working title was Out of Luck. It is considered to be a lost film.
 The Muppets: A Celebration of 30 Years is a 1986 one-hour special that aired on CBS starring Jim Henson's Muppets.
 Planet 51 is a 2009 English-language Spanish/British animated science fiction/family comedy film directed by Jorge Blanco written by Joe Stillman and starring Dwayne Johnson Jessica Biel Justin Long Gary Oldman Seann William Scott and John Cleese. Produced by Madrid-based Ilion Animation Studios and HandMade Films it was originally acquired for U.S. distribution by New Line Cinema but then sold to Sony before it was completed.
 Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze and adapted from Maurice Sendak's 1963 children's book Where the Wild Things Are. It combines live action performers in costumes animatronics and computer-generated imagery (CGI). The film stars Max Records and features the voices of James Gandolfini Paul Dano Lauren Ambrose Forest Whitaker Catherine O'Hara and Chris Cooper.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1986 animated film and an adaptation of the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo.
 It's Nice Up North is a 2006 comedy documentary made by comedian Graham Fellows as his alter ego John Shuttleworth.It was filmed by photographer Martin Parr and edited by Fellows on his laptop on a very low budget.In the film Shuttleworth travels to the Shetland Islands to test his theory that the further north in Great Britain you go the nicer people are Shetland being the most far north part of the UK. He meets various Shetland people in unrehearsed situations.
 Bunohan is a Malaysian action drama film written and directed by Dain Iskandar Said and released in Malaysia on 8 March 2012. The film features actors Faizal Hussein Zahiril Adzim and Pekin Ibrahim in leading roles. Bunohan is the second film to be directed by Dain Said. Bunohan had its world premiere the Toronto International Film Festival 2011 where it was praised for its solid visceral storytelling and arresting photography.
 Jaka Sembung (also titled The Warrior for international distribution) is a 1981 Indonesian fantasy martial arts film based on a character of the same name on a comic book by Djair. Directed by Sisworo Gautama one of the best-known Indonesian action directors Jaka Sembung has established its position as a classic Indonesian action movie.
 Kerala Cafe is a 2009 Malayalam anthology film produced by Ranjith and directed by a team of ten directors including Lal Jose Shaji Kailas Anwar Rasheed Shyamaprasad B. Unnikrishnan Revathy Anjali Menon M. Padmakumar Shankar Ramakrishnan and Uday Ananthan. For the first time in the history of Malayalam cinema one film was conceived by a team of ten directors.
 The Enchanting Shadow (Chinese: 倩女幽魂 translit. Ching nu yu hun) is a 1960 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han-hsiang. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 33rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 My Sisters Children Go Astray (Danish: Min søsters børn når de er værst) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring William Rosenberg.
 Her Twelve Men is a 1954 comedy drama film made by MGM. It stars Greer Garson was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by William Roberts and Laura Z. Hobson based on story by Louise Baker.
 1 by Two is a Malayalam psychological thriller film directed by Arun Kumar Aravind and written by Jeyamohan. It stars Fahadh Faasil Murali Gopy Honey Rose and Abhinaya in the lead roles. The music department is handled by Gopi Sunder with lyrics penned by Hari Narayanan. Cinematography is handled by Jomon Thomas.
 Waterland is a 1992 film directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Graham Swift. The film starred Jeremy Irons Sinéad Cusack Ethan Hawke and John Heard.
 Pistol Harvest is a 1951 Western movie starring Tim Holt.
 Dus Tola is a 2010 Hindi comedy and drama film remade from the Hit Malayalam film of the 80's Ponmuttayidunna Tharavu directed by Ajoy Varma and starring Manoj Bajpai in the lead role. Dus Tola was released on 22 October 2010.Distributed in the U.S.
 Burning Annie is an American comedy film starring Gary Lundy Sara Downing Kim Murphy Brian Klugman Jay Paulson Rini Bell Todd Duffey and Kathleen Rose Perkins. It is the feature directorial debut of Van Flesher. The film is produced by Randy Mack of Armak Productions and distributed by Warner Brothers and Lightyear Entertainment.
 Third Star is a 2010 British drama film directed by Hattie Dalton and starring Benedict Cumberbatch J. J. Feild Tom Burke Adam Robertson and Hugh Bonneville. It premiered at the Edinburgh Film Festival in June 2010 where it was shown as the closing film and was released in the United Kingdom on 20 May 2011.
 Dance Pretty Lady is a 1932 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Ann Casson Carl Harbord Michael Hogan Moore Marriott and Flora Robson. It was based on a novel by Compton Mackenzie.
 All This and World War II is a 1976 musical documentary that juxtaposes Beatles songs performed by a number of musicians with World War II newsreel footage and 20th Century Fox films from the 1940s. It lasted two weeks in cinemas and was quickly sent into storage.
 Shinjuku Boys is a 1995 film by Kim Longinotto and Jano Williams. It explores the lives of three transgender men (FTM) who work at the New Marilyn Club in Tokyo Japan.
 Squeeze a Flower is 1970 Australian comedy film directed by Marc Daniels and starring Walter Chiari.
 The Stickpin is a 1933 British film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Kendall Betty Astell and Francis L. Sullivan. A man is framed for killing the blackmailer of his friend's wife.
 Interrupted Melody is a 1955 biographical musical film in CinemaScope and Technicolor which tells the story of Australian opera singer Marjorie Lawrence's struggle with polio. The film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Curtis Bernhardt and produced by Jack Cummings from a screenplay by Marjorie Lawrence Sonya Levien and William Ludwig.The operatic sequences were staged by Vladimir Rosing. The film stars Glenn Ford Eleanor Parker Roger Moore and Cecil Kellaway.
 Amityville 3-D (also known as Amityville III: The Demon) is a 1983 American horror thriller film and the third installment in the The Amityville Horror series. It was one of a spate of 3-D films released in the early '80s. The film was directed by Richard Fleischer and the script was written by David Ambrose (under the pseudonym William Wales). It was the only Orion Pictures film filmed in 3-D.
 Alice in Wonderland is a 1931 black-and-white American-made film based on Lewis Carroll's 1865 novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. The first sound version of the story and therefore the first film in which Carroll's original dialogue was heard the film starred Ruth Gilbert as Alice and Leslie King as the Mad Hatter. It opened at the Warner Theatre in New York.
 Luke's Shattered Sleep is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Fade to Black is a 1980 slasher film starring Golden Globe-nominee Dennis Christopher Eve Brent Ashe and Linda Kerridge. Mickey Rourke also appears in a small role as a bully and one of the killer's victims. The film was nominated for many Saturn Awards and Eve Brent Ashe won one for Best Supporting Actress for her short ill-fated role as the antagonist's bullying aunt and very first victim. The film now retains a cult following.
 The Last Horror Movie is a 2003 British found footage horror film directed by Julian Richards. On August 24 2003 it premiered at the London FrightFest Film Festival and stars Kevin Howarth and Mark Stevenson. The Last Horror Movie was released onto DVD through Fangoria's Gore Zone label on December 7 2004.
 Boulevard is a 1994 crime thriller film starring Rae Dawn Chong Kari Wührer and Lou Diamond Phillips.
 Aitbaar (Hindi: ऐतबार Urdu: اعتبار English: Trust) is a 1985 Hindi film directed by Mukul Anand and starring Raj Babbar Dimple Kapadia Suresh Oberoi Danny Denzongpa and Sharat Saxena. It was a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 thriller Dial M For Murder.Film's music is by Bappi Lahiri and lyrics by Hasan Kamaal and Farukh Kaiser who gave Kisi Nazar Ko Tera Intezaar a memorable ghazal duet by Asha Bhosle and Bhupinder.
 12.10 is a 1919 British silent thriller film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Marie Doro Ben Webster and Geoffrey Kerr. It was the first film made by British & Colonial Kinematograph Company which had ambitous plans to break into the American market. It was made at Walthamstow Studios and had considerable success on its release.
 Ade Kannu (Kannada: ಅದೇ ಕಣ್ಣು) is a 1985 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Chi. Dattaraj. It stars Rajkumar and Gayathri in lead roles.
 Daughters also known as Our Mother's Murder is a 1997 made-for-TV drama film directed by Bill L. Norton and stars Holly Marie Combs and Sarah Chalke who play Alex and Annie the two eldest daughters of the main character Anne.A possible movie adaptation of the true crime story was in talks since 1994 though Alex and Annie Morrell agreed only years later.
 Devdas is an Bengali film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novel Devdas. This is the First Bangladeshi version of the story. It is also the first colour film version of the story in Bangladesh. The film is second time directed by Chashi Nazrul Islam .
 Get Smart is a 2008 American spy-fi comedy film which was produced by Leonard B. Stern who is also the original series' producer. The film is based on Mel Brooks and Buck Henry's 1960s spy parody television series of the same name. The film stars Steve Carell Anne Hathaway Dwayne Johnson and Alan Arkin. The film co-stars Terence Stamp Terry Crews David Koechner and James Caan. Bernie Kopell who played Siegfried in the original series also appeared in the film.
 Hangover is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by debutant Sreejith Sukumaran featuring Maqbool Salmaan Shine Tom Chacko and Bhagath Manuel together with martial arts expert Govind Krishna who debuts in the film in the lead roles The film showcases four friends from different tiers of society and how despite their devil-may-care personas rise up to tackle an incident in their lives. Archana Gupta and Shritha Sivadas play the heroines.
 Man Without Memory is a 1984 Swiss drama film directed by Kurt Gloor. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Master is a 1997 Telugu film directed by Suresh Krishna and produced by Allu Aravind. Mega Star Chiranjeevi played the lead role as Sakshi Sivanand Puneet Issar and Sathya Prakash played other roles. Music was composed by Deva while cinematography was handled by Chota K. Naidu. This is first recording dts sound system film in Telugu cinima industry.
 A Day Called X is a dramatized CBS documentary film set in Portland Oregon in which the entire city is evacuated in anticipation of a nuclear air raid after Soviet bombers had been detected by radar stations to the north; it details the activation of the city's civil defense protocols and leads up to the moment before the attack (the ending is left intentionally unknown). The operations were run from the Kelly Butte Bunker which was the EOC during the time.
 Hit Back (Russian: Ответный ход translit. Otvetnyy khod) is a 1981 Soviet action film directed by Mikhail Tumanishvili. It is a sequel to In the Zone of Special Attention. The film tells the story of a young military officer. It was one of the most attended movies in the Soviet Union in 1981 with an audience of approximately 31.3 million.
 Kurathi Magan is a Tamil language film starring Gemini Ganesan K.R. Vijaya Master Sridhar Jaichithra Introduced in the film Sailasri V.S. Raghavan Suruli Rajan and Kamal Haasan in a brief role. Muthuraman plays a cameo.
 The Boogie Man Will Get You is a 1942 comedy horror film directed by Lew Landers and starring Boris Karloff and Peter Lorre. It was the final film Karloff made under his contract with Columbia Pictures and it was filmed in the wake of his success in the Broadway production Arsenic and Old Lace.
 A Touch of Love is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Vivian Rich Harry Van Meter and Charlotte Burton.
 1000 Convicts and a Woman (also known as Fun and Games) is a 1971 British exploitation film. The film was directed by Ray Austin and stars Alexandra Hay Sandor Elès and Harry Baird.
 Dragonheart: A New Beginning is a 2000 fantasy film directed by Doug Lefler. It stars Robby Benson Christopher Masterson Harry Van Gorkum and Rona Figueroa. The film is a direct-to-video sequel of the 1996 film Dragonheart.
 Modern Vampires (also billed as Revenant) is a 1998 black horror/comedy film that was released Oct 19 1999 straight to video written by Matthew Bright and directed by Richard Elfman.Most of the storyline is about a vampire named Dallas a young WW2 veteran who was banished by The Count (the film's interpretation of Count Dracula who is mostly portrayed as a mob-boss type figure). Dallas is given a chance to visit America for the first time in years while unknowingly being pursued by Dr.
 Telegrame is a 1959 Romanian comedy film directed by Aurel Miheles and Gheorghe Naghi. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 Boy is a 2010 New Zealand coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by Taika Waititi and financed by the New Zealand Film Commission. In New Zealand the film eclipsed previous records for a first week's box office takings for a local production. Boy went on to become the highest grossing New Zealand film at the local box office.The soundtrack to Boy features New Zealand artists such as The Phoenix Foundation who previously provided music for Waititi's film Eagle vs Shark.
 Nero Wolfe is a 1977 TV film adaptation of Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe novel The Doorbell Rang. Thayer David stars as Nero Wolfe gourmet connoisseur and detective genius. Tom Mason costars as Archie Goodwin Wolfe's assistant. Written and directed by Frank D. Gilroy the made-for-TV movie was produced by Paramount Television as a pilot for an ABC television series but the movie was shelved by the network for more than two years before finally being broadcast December 18 1979.
 De Verwording van Herman Dürer is a 1979 Dutch film directed by Leon de Winter.
 Helmiä ja sikoja (English: Pearls and Pigs) is a 2003 Finnish comedy film directed and written by Perttu Leppä and starring Mikko Leppilampi and Laura Birn.
 Wanted – A Master is a 1936 American short film directed by Arthur J. Ornitz and Gunther von Fritsch. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1936 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 A Boy and His Dog is a 1975 science fiction film directed by L.Q. Jones based on a 1969 cycle of narratives by science fiction author Harlan Ellison of the same title. The film tells the story of a boy (Vic) and his telepathic dog (Blood) who work together as a team in a post-apocalyptic world.
 Tunnel Vision is a 1995 Australian film.The film was shot from 14 February to 20 March 1994 but was not released theatrically and was not released on video until 1996.
 The Killing Phone (khmer:ទូរសព្ទប្រលៃព្រលឹង) is a Khmer horror film released in Cambodia in 2006. It is a remake of the Thai film 999-9999.Several Asian horror movies are given a nod in this Thai horror movie. The ghost woman in white dress come out of the television and the death of kim are a nod to Ringu. The exorcism scene in this film is a nod to that of One Missed Call.
 Talk to Me is a 1996 made-for-TV drama film that features Yasmine Bleeth and Ricky Paull Goldin. The film aired on the ABC network.
 The Naked Witch is a 1961 American horror film written and directed by Larry Buchanan. It was financed by a Texan drive in owner who wanted a movie with lots of nudity. The film was successful and helped launch Buchanan's career.
 Hurricane Smith is a 1952 adventure film directed by Jerry Hopper.
 Dolphins is a music-driven action romance film written and directed by Mark Jay and starring Karl Davies. The film follows the lives of a group of boy racers living in Brighton who struggle to coexist with the indie scene that the town is famous for.
 Body Melt (1993) is a satirical Australian horror film directed by Philip Brophy and written by Brophy and Rod Bishop (both ex-→ ↑ →) influenced by splatstick Peter Jackson films like Bad Taste and Braindead.
 Parrish is a 1961 drama film made by Warner Bros.. It was written produced and directed by Delmer Daves based on the novel by Mildred Savage. The music score was by Max Steiner the cinematography by Harry Stradling Sr. the art direction by Leo K. Kuter and the costume design by Howard Shoup.The film stars Troy Donahue Claudette Colbert Karl Malden and Dean Jagger with Connie Stevens Diane McBain Sharon Hugueny Sylvia Miles Madeleine Sherwood and Hayden Rorke.
 The Brides of Fu Manchu is a 1966 British/German Constantin Film co-production adventure crime film based on the fictional Asian villain Fu Manchu created by Sax Rohmer. It was the second film in a series and was preceded by The Face of Fu Manchu. The Vengeance of Fu Manchu followed in 1967 The Blood of Fu Manchu in 1968 and The Castle of Fu Manchu in 1969. It was produced by Harry Alan Towers for Hallam Productions.
 Grandma's Reading Glass is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith featuring a young Willy who borrows a huge magnifying glass to focus on various objects which was shot to demonstrate the new technique of close-up.
 The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys is a 2002 independent comedy-drama film directed by Peter Care. The film stars Emile Hirsch Kieran Culkin Jena Malone Jodie Foster and Vincent D'Onofrio. The film is based on the semiautobiographical coming-of-age novel by Chris Fuhrman.The film is about a group of Catholic school friends in the Southern United States in the 1970s who engage in a series of pranks and general mischief. The boys also collaborate on a comic book they call The Atomic Trinity.
 Ewoks: The Battle for Endor (later re-released on home video as Star Wars: Ewok Adventures – The Battle for Endor) is a 1985 made-for-TV movie set in the Star Wars galaxy co-written and directed by Jim and Ken Wheat who wrote the screenplay with George Lucas writing the story.
 Farishtay is a Hindi film is directed by Anil Sharma.
 Vengeance of the Zombies (Spanish: La rebelión de las muertas) is a 1973 horror film directed by León Klimovsky and starring Paul Naschy.
 Limehouse Blues (also known as East End Chant) is a 1934 crime film set in London's Chinese district and starring George Raft and Anna May Wong. The film is named after the song Limehouse Blues. The movie was directed by Alexander Hall.The film was not a commercial success when first released.
 National Lampoon's 301: The Legend of Awesomest Maximus is a 2011 comedy film directed by Jeff Kanew starring Will Sasso. It was released on August 5 2011. It was released on DVD on March 20 2012.
 1001 Danish Delights (Danish: Takt og tone i himmelsengen) is a 1972 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer.
 Khaled is a 2001 film directed by Asghar Massombagi. Khaled is the story of a ten year old boy who tries to conceal the death of his mother. Khaled won the Best Director Award at the Karlovy Vary Film Festival and the First Time Filmmaker Award at the ReelWorld Film Festival.
 City Girl is a 1984 film directed by Martha Coolidge. The film was produced in 1982 although it did not receive distribution until Coolidge's 1983 film Valley Girl became a surprise success.
 The Queen's Affair is a 1934 British musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Fernand Gravey Muriel Aked and Edward Chapman. An Eastern European President falls in love with the Queen whom he had previously deposed. It was also released as Queen's Affair.
 Filmed in 16 mm The September Sessions: The Tomorrowland Story Brought To Life In Brilliant 16mm Film is a 2002 documentary surf film directed by singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. Often called September Sessions it is the second of The Moonshine Conspiracy film series.Following the release of Thicker Than Water Kelly Slater asked Jack Johnson to accompany Kelly for a trip to Indonesia.
 Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 27 1947. It was one of the package films (feature-length compilations of shorter segments) that the studio produced in the 1940s.
 Fierce Creatures is a 1997 farcical comedy film. While not a direct sequel Fierce Creatures is something of a spiritual successor to the 1988 film A Fish Called Wanda. Both films star John Cleese Jamie Lee Curtis Kevin Kline and Michael Palin. Fierce Creatures was written by John Cleese and directed by Fred Schepisi and Robert Young.The film was dedicated to Gerald Durrell and Peter Cook. Some scenes were filmed at Jersey Zoo a zoological park founded by Durrell.
 Tkaronto is a Canadian drama film which premiered in 2007 at the ImagineNATIVE Film and Media Festival in Toronto. Directed by Shane Belcourt the film went into commercial release in the summer of 2008.The film named for the Mohawk word from which the city of Toronto derives its name stars Duane Murray and Melanie McLaren as Ray Morrin and Jolene Peltier who meet while in Toronto on business.
 The Librarian is a series of made-for-TV original movies from Turner Network Television starring Noah Wyle as a librarian who protects a secret collection of artifacts.
 Boomerang is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin. The film stars Eddie Murphy as Marcus Graham a hotshot advertising executive who also happens to be an insatiable womanizer and male chauvinist. When he meets his new boss Jacqueline Broyer (Robin Givens) Marcus discovers that she is essentially a female version of himself and realizes he is receiving the same treatment that he delivers to others.
 Made for Each Other is a 1939 drama film directed by John Cromwell and produced by David O. Selznick. The picture stars Carole Lombard and James Stewart as a couple who get married after only knowing each other very briefly.
 Hide and Go Shriek(released as in the United Kingdom as Close Your Eyes and Pray) is a 1987 American horror/suspense film. It was directed by Skip Schoolnik who had already served as an editor on several films including Halloween II. Screenplay by Michael Kelly. The film was given a limited theatrical release with an R rating; an alternate video version containing only a little more violence was released unrated.
 The Restless Conscience: Resistance to Hitler Within Germany 1933-1945 is a 1992 American documentary film directed by Hava Kohav Beller. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Leviathan (Левиафан) is an upcoming Russian film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev starring Aleksei Serebryakov Elena Lyadova and Vladimir Vdovichenkov. It is set on a peninsula by the Barents Sea and tells the story of a man who struggles against a corrupt mayor. The screenplay is a modern reworking of the Book of Job.
 La Muchacha del cuerpo de oro is a 1967 Argentine film.
 Tweety's High-Flying Adventure is a 2000 direct-to-video animated film produced by Tom Minton and James T. Walker written by Tom Minton Tim Cahill and Julie McNally and directed by James T. Walker Karl Toerge and Charles Visser starring Sylvester and Tweety.
 Used People is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Beeban Kidron. The screenplay by Todd Graff adapted from his 1988 off-Broadway play The Grandma Plays takes a humorous look at a highly dysfunctional family living in the New York City borough of Queens circa 1969. Strangely despite being distributed by 20th Century Fox on its initial release in 1992 the movie was put on DVD on March 22 2011 by Warner Bros. Pictures as part of their Warner Archive Collection.
 Dear Mr. Prohack is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland. It is a modern day version of Arnold Bennett's novel Mr Prohack starring Cecil Parker Glynis Johns and Dirk Bogarde.
 The Music of Chance is a 1993 American drama film directed by Philip Haas. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the book of the same name.
 Sylvia is a 2003 British biographical drama film directed by Christine Jeffs and starring Gwyneth Paltrow Daniel Craig Jared Harris and Michael Gambon. It tells the true story of the romance between prominent poets Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes. The film begins with their meeting at Cambridge in 1956 and ends with Sylvia Plath's suicide in 1963.Frieda Hughes Sylvia and Ted's daughter accused the filmmakers of profiting from her mother's death.
 Repmånad is a 1979 Swedish comedy film directed by Lasse Åberg. The plot revolves around a group of men called in for refresher exercise (known as repmånad in Swedish hence the title) in the Swedish Army and who did their national service together some years earlier.
 Crazy Love is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens. The screenplay by Klores explores the troubled relationship between New York City attorney Burt Pugach and his ten-years-younger girlfriend Linda Riss who was blinded and permanently scarred when thugs hired by Pugach threw lye in her face.
 Bara no Konrei ~Mayonaka ni Kawashita Yakusoku~ (薔薇の婚礼 ～真夜中に交わした約束～) (Wedding Rose ~The Promise Exchanged at Midnight~) is a movie released by Malice Mizer on March 22 2002. It is a silent film with a storyline similar to Dracula and other vampire-based stories with Japanese and English captions for dialogue. Malice Mizer's final album Bara no Seidou along with the song ~Zenchou~ from the previous album Voyage ~Sans Retour~ serves as the background score.
 The Lady Who Lied is a lost 1925 silent film melodrama produced and distributed by First National Pictures and based on a novel by Robert Hichens. Edwin Carewe directed and Nita Naldi and Lewis Stone star.
 Police is a 1985 French romantic crime drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Gérard Depardieu Sophie Marceau and Sandrine Bonnaire. Written by Catherine Breillat the film is about a moody jaded police detective investigating a drug ring who falls for a mysterious woman and is drawn into a shady and dangerous scheme. The film had 1830970 admissions in France.
 Minha Mãe é uma Peça - O Filme is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by André Pellenz starring Paulo Gustavo and written by him in partnership with Fil Braz. The film is based on the play of the same name created and starred by Paulo Gustavo.
 Moscow Clad in Snow is a 1909 short silent documentary film directed by Joseph-Louis Mundwiller about winter in Moscow 1908.
 Tread Softly Stranger is a 1958 British crime drama directed by Gordon Parry and starring Diana Dors George Baker and Terence Morgan. The film was shot in black-and-white in film noir style and its setting in a gritty working industrial town in northern England mirrors the kitchen sink realism movement coming into vogue in English drama and film at the time. The screenplay was adapted from the 1953 stage play Blind Alley by Jack Popplewell.
 Scrooged is a 1988 American comedy film a modernization of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. The film was produced and directed by Richard Donner and the cinematography was by Michael Chapman. The screenplay was written by Mitch Glazer and Michael O'Donoghue. The original music score was composed by Danny Elfman.The film stars Bill Murray with Karen Allen Bobcat Goldthwait John Forsythe Carol Kane John Houseman and Robert Mitchum in supporting roles.
 I colpevoli (French: Responsabilité limitée also known as The Guilty) is a 1957 Italian-French drama film directed by Turi Vasile. It is based on the comedy play Sulle strade di notte by Renato Lelli.
 Upstairs and Downstairs is a 1959 British comedy drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Michael Craig Anne Heywood Mylène Demongeot Claudia Cardinale James Robertson Justice Joan Sims Joan Hickson and Sid James. It should not be confused with the popular British BAFTA and Emmy award-winning hit television series Upstairs Downstairs.
 Ali: Fear Eats the Soul (German: Angst essen Seele auf meaning Fear Eat Up Soul) is a 1974 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brigitte Mira and El Hedi ben Salem. The film won two awards at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival and is considered to be one of Fassbinder's most powerful works. Brigitte Mira received the German Film Award for her performance.
 Man on a Tightrope is a 1953 American film directed by Elia Kazan starring Fredric March Terry Moore and Gloria Grahame. It was entered into the 3rd Berlin International Film Festival. The screenplay by Robert E. Sherwood was based on a 1952 novel of the same title by Neil Paterson. Paterson based his true story which first appeared as the magazine novelette International Incident on the escape of the Circus Brumbach from East Germany in 1950.
 The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia is a 2013 psychological horror film that serves as a brother film to The Haunting in Connecticut by Gold Circle Films. The script was written by David Coggeshall and Tom Elkins served as director. It was released in a limited theatrical run and through video on demand on February 1 2013. The story was inspired by the events surrounding the Wyrick house of Ellerslie Georgia which were published in the book The Veil: Heidi Wyrick's Story.
 Ang Pinakamagandang Hayop sa Balat ng Lupa (although The Most Beautiful Animal in the World is the official translation the literal meaning of the title is The Most Beautiful Animal on the Surface of the Earth) is a 1974 Tagalog-language film from the Philippines. The story was written by Celso Ad. Castillo. The screenplay was written by Rafael Ma. Guerrero. The film starred Filipino actors Gloria Diaz (1969 Miss Universe title holder) Vic Vargas and Elizabeth Oropesa.
 The Squeaker (German: Der Zinker) is a 1963 West German/French crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It was part of a very successful series of German films based on the writings of Edgar Wallace and adapted from the 1927 novel of the same name.
 Yellow Sky (1948) is an American western film directed by William A. Wellman. The story is believed to be loosely adapted from William Shakespeare's The Tempest. A band of outlaws flee after a bank robbery and encounter an old man and his granddaughter in a ghost town.
 The Night of Love (1927) is a drama film produced by Samuel Goldwyn released by United Artists and starring Ronald Colman Vilma Bánky and Montagu Love. The screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee is based on the play by Pedro Calderón de la Barca.
 Journey for Margaret is a 1942 drama film set in London in World War II. It stars Robert Young and Laraine Day as a couple who have to deal with the loss of their unborn child due to a bombing raid. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by William Lindsay White.
 Jang (Hindi: जंग; translation: War) is a 2000 Bollywood film directed by Sanjay Gupta. Its a remake of Hollywood film Desperate Measures.
 Radar Patrol vs. Spy King (1949) is a 12-chapter black-and-white spy film serial produced and distributed by Republic Pictures from an original commissioned screenplay collaboratively written by Royal K. Cole William Lively and Sol Shor. Kirk Alyn played the lead.
 The Auction Block is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Hobart Henley. The film stars Charles Ray and Eleanor Boardman. It is written by Fanny and Frederic Hatton and is based on the novel of the same name by Rex Beach. A lost film.The film is a remake of the 1917 film of the same name released by Goldwyn production starring Rubye De Remer and Tom Powers.
 Black and White is a 1913 American silent comedy film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Firefly is a 1937 musical film starring Jeanette MacDonald and Allan Jones. The film is an adaptation of the operetta of the same name by composer Rudolf Friml and librettist Otto A. Harbach that premiered on Broadway in 1912. The film used nearly all of the music from the operetta but jettisoned the plot in favor of a new storyline set in Spain during the time of the Emperor Napoleon I.
 Deep in the Woods (French: Promenons-nous dans les bois) is a 2000 French horror film directed by Lionel Delplanque. The film is about a troupe of five young actors who are hired to perform at a remote chateau for Baron Axel De Ferson when they find out that a madman is on the loose murdering people.The film was released in France on June 14 2000 and won the award for Best European Fantasy Film at the 2000 Sitges Film Festival.
 The Young Runaways is a 1968 teen-exploitation film that stars Brooke Bundy Kevin Coughlin and Patty McCormack. The supporting players are Lloyd Bochner Dick Sargent and in one of his earliest roles Richard Dreyfuss has a small part as Terry a juvenile delinquent who meets a bad end.
 Blood Brothers is a 1996 documentary film made by filmmaker Ernie Fritz (twice nominated for a Daytime Emmy as co-director of the TV show Martha Stewart Living [1]) that chronicles a brief reunion of Bruce Springsteen with The E Street Band in 1995.
 Mother Teresa of Calcutta is a 2003 biographical television film based on the life of Mother Teresa the founder of the Missionaries of Charity religious institute. The film stars Olivia Hussey in the title role and received a CAMIE award in 2007. The film was originally produced as the Italian television miniseries Madre Teresa.
 Duel for Nothing (Hungarian: Párbaj semmiért) is a 1940 Hungarian drama film directed by Emil Martonffy and starring Gyula Csortos Lili Berky and Alice Nagy. It was based on a novel by Sándor Hunyady.
 Beyond This Place (2010) is a documentary film directed by Kaleo La Belle screened at a number of film festivals. In it La Belle reunites with his biological father Cloud Rock La Belle a charismatic figure who was largely absent from his life.
 The Fall of Ako Castle (赤穂城断絶 Akō-jō danzetsu) (aka Swords of Vengeance) is a 1978 Japanese historical martial arts period film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. It depicts the story of the Forty-seven Ronin (Chūshingura). The film is one of a series of period films by Fukasaku starring Sonny Chiba including Shogun's Samurai.The film received one nomination for 'Award of the Japanese Academy' for best cinematography.[1]
 Girl$ (Chinese: 囡囡) is a 2010 Hong Kong film directed by Kenneth Bi it deals with teenagers and young women drawn into compensated dating in Hong Kong. The Chinese term 囡囡 (nānān) is a traditional affectionate term for daughter or young girl but has also become used as euphemism for a prostitute in Hong Kong.
 Half Light is a 2006 mystery-horror drama film starring Demi Moore and Hans Matheson. It was directed by Craig Rosenberg who also penned the screenplay.The score was composed by Craig's brother Brett Rosenberg.
 Riverworld is a sci-fi/fantasy feature-length pilot episode for a series that was never produced. It aired on the Sci-Fi Channel in 2003. It was loosely based on the Hugo Award-winning Riverworld saga by Philip José Farmer. Production began in 2001. It was rebooted in 2010 under the same title.
 This Man in Paris is a 1939 British comedy mystery film directed by David MacDonald and starring Barry K. Barnes Valerie Hobson and Alastair Sim. A British journalist and his wife travel to France to investigate a counterfeiting rang involving a British aristocrat.It was a sequel to the 1938 film This Man Is News.
 Daruvu (English: Beat) is a 2012 socio-fantasy Telugu film written and directed by Siva produced by Burugupalli Siva Rama Krishna under Sri Venkateswara Entertainments banner and starring Ravi Teja and Taapsee Pannu in lead roles. The soundtrack of the film is composed by Vijay Antony while the cinematography is handled by Vetrivel. Ramesh Gopi and Anil Ravipudi penned the dialogues and Gautham Raju handled the editing department.
 Peoria Babylon is a 1997 comedy-genre film. It premiered at the Chicago Lesbian and Gay International Film Festival in November 1997.
 What We Did on Our Holiday is an upcoming BBC film starring David Tennant Rosamund Pike and Billy Connolly from the creators of the hit BBC show Outnumbered. It is based around a family of Doug (David Tennant) Abi (Rosamund Pike) and their three children when they travel to the Scottish Highlands for Doug's father Gordie's (Billy Connolly) birthday.The expected release is 2014.
 Jetpiloter is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Ebbe Langberg.
 Pardon My Backfire is the 149th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Man from Music Mountain is a 1938 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Carol Hughes. Written by Betty Burbridge and Luci Ward based on a story by Bernard McConville the film is about a singing cowboy who fights corrupt land developers who try to cheat honest ranchers who are unaware of the gold lying beneath their land.
 Eye of the Devil is a 1966 British crime/horror film with occult and supernatural themes directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Deborah Kerr and David Niven. The film is set in rural France and was filmed at the Château de Hautefort and in England. Eye of the Devil is based on the novel Day of the Arrow by Robin Estridge and was initially titled Thirteen.
 The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder is a 1974 film from Playboy Enterprises directed by Arthur Hiller and produced by Hugh Hefner. This was the final film for actor George Marshall.
 God's Angry Man is a 1981 documentary film about Gene Scott directed by Werner Herzog. The film was produced for television. The German title Glaube und Währung translates as Faith and Currency.The film consists of footage of Scott on the set of his television program Festival of Faith and interviews with Scott and Scott's parents conducted by Herzog.
 Banana Ridge is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Walter C. Mycroft and starring Robertson Hare Alfred Drayton and Isabel Jeans. The film is based on a 1938 stage play of the same name by Ben Travers. Two men each come to worry that a mysterious girl may be their daughter.
 G.I. Joe: Spy Troops is a 2003 direct-to-video CGI animated movie produced by Reel FX Creative Studios. Spy Troops is the first G.I. Joe movie to be released by Reel FX.In 2003 Hasbro tried to follow Mattel’s success of the Barbie OVA movies by releasing a direct-to-video movie that tied into its own current toyline properties. Reel FX produced two G.I. Joe CGI movies. Spy Troops was first to be released while G.I. Joe: Valor vs. Venom followed a year later.
 Mantrap is a 1926 American black-and-white silent film based on the novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis. Mantrap stars Clara Bow Percy Marmont Ernest Torrence Ford Sterling and Eugene Pallette and directed by Victor Fleming.
 Gogol Bordello Non-Stop is a 2008 music documentary film written and directed by Margarita Jimeno and starring Gogol Bordello and Eugene Hütz.
 Le Pont du Nord is a 1981 French film directed by Jacques Rivette. The film stars Bulle Ogier and her daughter Pascale Ogier. It was released in France on 24 March 1982. The short film Paris Goes Away was made as a rehearsal in preparation for this film.
 Rudo y Cursi (Spanish literally Rude and Tacky) is a 2008 Mexican film starring Diego Luna Gael García Bernal and Guillermo Francella. It is directed by Carlos Cuarón (Alfonso Cuarón's brother) and produced by Cha Cha Cha Films (production company created by Alfonso Cuarón Guillermo del Toro and Alejandro González Iñárritu).
 A Good Day to Have an Affair (Hangul: 바람피기 좋은날; RR: Baram-pigi joheun nal) is a 2007 South Korean film. The story deals with two lonely housewives who get involved in extramarital affairs.
 Breakdown is a 1952 American feature film starring Ann Richards. It was her last film before she retired.
 Snowflake the White Gorilla is a 2011 Spanish film directed by Andrés G. Schaer. The film depicts the fictional childhood of the white gorilla Snowflake.The English dub of the film stars David Spade Ariana Grande Jennette McCurdy Nathan Kress Dallas Lovato Keith David and Christopher Lloyd.
 Stoned also known as The Wild and Wycked World of Brian Jones in the UK is a 2005 film about Brian Jones one of the founding members of The Rolling Stones. The film is a cinematic work of historical fiction taking as its premise the idea that Jones was murdered by Frank Thorogood a builder who had been hired to renovate and improve Jones's house Cotchford Farm in East Sussex.
 Kattradhu Kalavu (English: Learned thievery) is a 2010 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Balaji Devi Prasad an erstwhile advertisement filmmaker. It stars Krishna Sekhar of Ali Baba fame and Vijayalakshmi Agathiyan in lead and choreographer Kalyan Cochin Hanifa and Ganja Karuppu in supporting roles whilst Nirav Shah is the cinematographer Ruben Jay is the dialogue writer Kumaravel the screenplay writer and Paul J. the music composer. The film released on 28 May 2010.
 Mireille and the Others (French: Mireille dans la vie des autres) is a 1979 Belgian drama film written and directed by Jean-Marie Buchet. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 As It Happened is a 1915 silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Aanandha Kummi is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Balakrishnan and produced by Jeeva Ilaiyaraaja for Ilaiyaraaja Pictures. The film stars Ashwini and a new comer in the lead roles.
 Punk Love is a 2006 independent film focusing on a romance between two people haunted by abuse and addiction. Punk Love was directed and written by Nick Lyon and stars Chad Lindberg and Emma Bing.
 Aayudham (Tamil: ஆயுதம்) (English: Weapon) is a 2005 Tamil action film directed by Murugesh. It features Prashanth and Sneha in the lead roles while Subbaraju and Vadivelu amongst others played supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Dhina the film released in January 2005 to average reviews from film critcs.
 English August made in 1994 is Indian film director Dev Benegal's first feature film. This film ignited the next generation of Indian cinema and is acknowledged as a landmark in contemporary Indian cinema.
 Varadhanayaka is a 2013 Kannada action film starring Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikeesha Patel in the lead roles. Actor Sudeep plays an important role of a police officer. Sameera Reddy is his pair in the film. This film marks the Kannada debut of Sameera Reddy an established Bollywood and Kollywood actress. The film is directed by Ayyappa P. Sharma. Arjun Janya is the music director of the film.
 False Servant (French: La Fausse suivante) is a 2000 French comedy film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Manhattanites also refers to people from Manhattan New YorkManhattanites is a 2008 independent drama film adaptation of the Roger Newcomb radio soap opera Scripts & Scruples directed by Gregori J. Martin and co-directed by Darnell Williams. The film stars Ilene Kristen David Fumero Forbes March Aiden Turner Jill Larson Alex McCord and Lev Gorn.
 River of No Return is a 1954 American Western film directed by Otto Preminger and starring Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe. The screenplay by Frank Fenton is based on a story by Louis Lantz who borrowed his premise from the 1948 Italian film The Bicycle Thief.
 The Joneses is a 2009 American film written and directed by Derrick Borte. It stars Demi Moore David Duchovny Amber Heard and Ben Hollingsworth. It premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival on September 13 2009. Roadside Attractions later purchased the United States theatrical distribution rights. It had a limited release on April 16 2010 and was released on DVD & Blu-ray On August 10 2010.It received a theatrical release in Mexico on August 20 2010.
 Amor prohibido (English: Prohibited Love) is a 1958 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and written by Ulises Petit de Murat. The film was based on a novel by Russian writer Leo Tolstoy
 Minimoni ja Movie: Okashi na Daibōken! (ミニモニ。じゃ ムービー お菓子な大冒険!) is a 2002 film directed by Shinji Higuchi starring the J-pop group Minimoni. The film was done entirely in computer graphics with live actors inserted at the beginning and end of the film.
 Dead Men are Dangerous is a 1939 British crime film directed by Harold French and starring Robert Newton Betty Lynne John Warwick and Peter Gawthorne. Its plot concerns an unsuccessful writer who is wrongly accused of a murder.
 Fireball 500 is a stock car racing film blended with the beach party film genre. A vehicle for stars Frankie Avalon Annette Funicello and Fabian it was one of a string of similar racing films from the 1960s. Written by William Asher and Leo Townsend and directed by William Asher it tells the story of Dave Owens (Avalon) a stock car racer forced to run moonshine.
 The Woman on the Beach is a 1947 film noir directed by Jean Renoir released by RKO Radio Pictures and starring Robert Ryan Joan Bennett and Charles Bickford.
 The Odd Couple is a 1968 American comedy film written by Neil Simon based on his play The Odd Couple directed by Gene Saks and starring Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau. It is the story of two divorced men – Felix Ungar the neurotic neat-freak and Oscar Madison the fun-loving slob – who decide to live together even though their personalities clash.The film was highly successful with critics and audiences grossing over $44.5 million making it the fourth highest-grossing picture of 1968.
 Beyond the Last Mountain (1976) is a Pakistani English language film directed and written by Javed Jabbar. Pakistan’s first and only English language film which was shown at the first Bombay International Film Festival in 1976. It was also released in Urdu version with title Musafir.
 Come Live with Me is a 1941 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Clarence Brown and starring James Stewart and Hedy Lamarr. Based on a story by Virginia Van Upp the film is about a beautiful Viennese refugee seeking United States citizenship who arranges a marriage of convenience with a struggling writer.
 White Voices (Italian: Le voci bianche) is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile and Massimo Franciosa. It was screened at the 1964 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Condannato a nozze (also known as Diary of a Man Condemned to Marriage) is a 1993 Italian comedy film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni. It entered the Panorama section at the 50th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Heart Specialist is a romantic comedy film starring Wood Harris Zoe Saldana Brian J. White and Mýa. Originally released under the title Ways of the Flesh the film premiered at the 2006 Boston Film Festival. The film was written produced and directed by Dennis Cooper and was released in limited theaters in the United States on January 14 2011.
 The Sky is Falling is an American film released in 2000 written and directed by Florrie Laurence and produced by Brad Hall and David Parks. The picture starred Dedee Pfeiffer Teri Garr Howard Hesseman and Eric Close.
 Summer Storm (German: Sommersturm) is a 2004 German coming-of-age film directed by Marco Kreuzpaintner starring Robert Stadlober Kostja Ullmann Alicja Bachleda-Curuś and Marlon Kittel. The story is set to the background of a rowing regatta which climaxes into a summer storm.
 Palabra de honor is a 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis Cesar Amadori. The film premiered on May 10 1939 in Buenos Aires and starred Luis Sandrini.
 Miss You Like Crazy is a 2010 Filipino romance film starring John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo. It was Star Cinema's post-valentine presentation for 2010. The film was released on United States in select theatres in Los Angeles CA and in Honolulu HI.
 Bert - Den siste oskulden is a Swedish 1995 film based on the Bert Diaries by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson. It uses actors like Martin Andersson and Cajsalisa Ejemyr.
 Why Wal-Mart Works; and Why That Drives Some People C-R-A-Z-Y is a 2005 independent documentary film by Ron and Robert David Galloway. It investigates the reasons behind the financial success of the Wal-Mart Corporation.
 A Time to Die or Seven Graves for Rogan is a war film that was shot in 1979 but not released for another several years. The producer had additional scenes written and shot without the involvement of the original writer and director.The film was based on Six Graves to Munich by Mario Puzo.
 Flaxy Martin is a 1949 film noir directed by Richard L. Bare. The crime thriller features Virginia Mayo Zachary Scott Dorothy Malone among others. The picture was based on a story written by David Lang.The film tells of mob lawyer Walter Colby (Zachary Scott) whose involvement with a crime syndicate and a femme fatale (Mayo) get him in trouble.
 The Green Alley (German:Die Rothausgasse) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Grete Mosheim Gustav Fröhlich and Marija Leiko. It was based on a novel by Else Jerusalem. The art direction was overseen by Gustav A. Knauer and Willy Schiller.
 The Sultans (French: Les Sultans Italian: L'amante italiana) is a 1966 French-Italian drama film directed by Jean Delannoy.
 Don't Be Afraid of the Dark is an American made-for-television dark fantasy film directed by John Newland and starring Kim Darby and Jim Hutton. It was released by Lorimar Productions and was first telecast on ABC on Wednesday October 10 1973. It has since been shown many times in syndication and was distributed on home video and now on DVD.
 Captured is a 1998 direct-to-video action film directed by Peter Liapis and starring Nick Mancuso Andrew Divoff Michael Mahonen and Linda Hoffman.
 The Final Days is a 1989 television movie adaptation of the book written by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. The movie is directed by Richard Pearce and follows the events in the Nixon White House after the Washington Post's Watergate revelations.
 Malaikottai (English: Rockfort) is a 2007 Tamil film directed by Boopathy Pandian who has also directed the movies Devathaiyai Kanden and Thiruvilayadal Arambam with Dhanush as the hero. Vishal got the lead role pairing with Priyamani. The story and screenplay were written by the director. The film met with mixed critical response. This movie has been dubbed to Telugu like his previous movies titled Bhayya (Brother)
 Pro domo is a 1918 Dutch silent drama film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 The Stork Club is a 1945 American film directed by Hal Walker.
 Honky Tonk Freeway is a 1981 comedy film directed by John Schlesinger. The film conceived and co-produced by Don Boyd was one of the most expensive box office flops in history losing its British backers Thorn-EMI an estimated $11000000 and profoundly impacting its fortunes and aspirations.
 Gold Diggers of 1933 is a pre-code Warner Bros. musical film directed by Mervyn LeRoy with songs by Harry Warren (music) and Al Dubin (lyrics) staged and choreographed by Busby Berkeley. It stars Warren William Joan Blondell Aline MacMahon Ruby Keeler and Dick Powell and features Guy Kibbee Ned Sparks and Ginger Rogers. The story is based on the play The Gold Diggers by Avery Hopwood which ran for 282 performances on Broadway in 1919 and 1920.
 Doshaburi (土砂降り Doshaburi) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film drama directed by Noboru Nakamura. It was announced that the film will screen as When It Rains It Pours at the Tokyo Filmex in 2013.
 Spaceman is a 1997 science fiction/comedy film from Palm Pictures. Filmed in Chicago it tells of a man adjusting to life on Earth with one problem: he has been trained only to be a killer since he was abducted as a toddler.
 A Million A Minute is a lost 1916 silent film romance/drama released by Metro Pictures and starring then off screen lovers Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne. The film is based on a novel A Million a Minute: A Romance of Modern New York and Paris by Robert Aitken. John W. Noble a regular director for Metro releases did directing honors.
 Men and Women is an extant short 1914 silent film produced by the Biograph Company and released by General Film Company. It is based on the 1890 play of the same name by David Belasco and Henry Churchill de Mille. It stars Lionel Barrymore Blanche Sweet and Marshall Neilan. Sweet and Neilan would later marry in real life.The story was refilmed by Paramount in 1925 as Men and Women.
 Rulers of the Sea is a 1939 American historical drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Margaret Lockwood and Will Fyffe. The film's story is based on the voyage of the SS Savannah the first steamship to cross the North Atlantic from Britain to the United States. The film was made by Paramount Pictures but featured Lockwood and Fyffe who were two of the leading stars of the British Gainsborough Pictures studios.
 Journey of Hope (German: Reise der Hoffnung; Turkish: Umuda yolculuk) is a 1990 film directed by Xavier Koller. It tells the story of a Turkish Alevi family trying to illegally emigrate to Switzerland a country they know only from a postcard. The film is a co-production between companies in Switzerland Turkey and the United Kingdom.The film won the 1990 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Trade is a 2007 American film directed by Marco Kreuzpaintner and starring Kevin Kline. It was produced by Roland Emmerich and Rosilyn Heller. The film premiered January 23 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and opened in limited release on September 28 2007. It is based on Peter Landesman's article The Girls Next Door about sex slaves which was featured as the cover story in the January 24 2004 issue of The New York Times Magazine.
 Disraeli is a 1929 American historical film directed by Alfred E. Green released by Warner Brothers and adapted by Julien Josephson and De Leon Anthony from the 1911 play Disraeli by Louis N. Parker. The film stars George Arliss as British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. His performance won him the Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. The story revolves around the British plan to buy the Suez Canal and the efforts of two spies to stop it.
 Tamanna (Hindi: तमन्ना translation: Desire) is a 1997 Hindi film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. It stars Pooja Bhatt Paresh Rawal Manoj Bajpai and Sharad Kapoor. The screenplay was written by Tanuja Chandra. The story was written by Tanuja Chandra and Mahesh Bhatt. It was produced by Pooja Bhatt.
 Girlfriend Boyfriend (also stylized as Gf*Bf) is a 2012 Taiwanese film directed by Gillies Ya-che Yang. The film released on August 8 2012.Of the film director Yang stated that while he did not intentionally set out to make a gay movie but a political one one which happened to include a gay character. He further stated that homosexuality and politics both in fact represent the theme of freedom.
 Power Over Men is a 1929 British silent mystery film directed by George Banfield and starring Isabel Jeans Jameson Thomas and Wyndham Standing. It was made at Walthamstow Studios in London.
 They Raid by Night is a 1942 American low-budget World War II film from Producers Releasing Corporation directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 Damage is a 1992 British-French film directed by Louis Malle and starring Jeremy Irons Juliette Binoche and Miranda Richardson. Based on the novel Damage by Josephine Hart the film is about a British politician who shares a sexual relationship with his son's girlfriend. Miranda Richardson was nominated for an Academy Award and won a BAFTA in the category of Best Supporting Actress for her performance as the aggrieved wife of the film's main character.
 Boys and Girls is a 1983 Canadian short film directed by Don McBrearty. It won an Academy Award in 1984 for Best Short Subject.Boys and Girls is based on the Alice Munro short story of the same name written in 1968. It is a coming of age story about a girl growing up on a farm having to come to terms with the fact that in her lifetime she will always be considered only a girl.
 Mohandas is a 2009Hindi drama film directed by Mazhar Kamran based on a story by noted Hindi writer Uday Prakash. The film stars Sonali Kulkarni Nakul Vaid Sushant Singh Uttam Halder Sharbani Mukherjee and Aditya Srivastava and is produced by Abha Sonakia.Mohandas was released on 4 September 2009. The film received positive reviews and was nominated for the Grand Prix at the Fribourg International Film Festival.
 Straight On till Morning is a 1972 British thriller film directed by Peter Collinson and starring Rita Tushingham Shane Briant James Bolam Katya Wyeth and John Clive. A reserved young woman finds herself attracted to a handsome stranger unaware of his psychotic tendencies.
 Mazdoor (English: Worker) is a 1983 Hindi film. Produced by B. R. Chopra it is directed by his son Ravi Chopra. The film stars Dilip Kumar Nanda Nazir Hussain Raj Babbar Suresh Oberoi Rati Agnihotri Iftekhar Madan Puri and Johhny Walker. The music of the film is by R. D. Burman
 Tigershark is a 1987 action film about a martial arts instructor who sets out to rescue his girlfriend who is being held for ransom by a South American warlord. The film was directed by Emmett Alston and stars Mike Stone John Quade and Pamela Bryant.
 Never on Sunday (Greek: Ποτέ Την Κυριακή Pote Tin Kyriaki) is a 1960 Greek black-and-white film which tells the story of Ilya a self-employed free-spirited prostitute who lives in the port of Piraeus in Greece and Homer an American tourist from Middletown Connecticut — a classical scholar enamored with all things Greek. Homer feels Ilya's life style typifies the degradation of Greek classical culture and attempts to steer her onto the path of morality.
 Saade Maade Teen (Marathi: साडे माडे तीन) is a 2006 Marathi comedy movie. It is one of the breakthrough movie for actor Bharat Jadhav. It has music given by Ajay-Atul.The movie was blockbuster in Marathi Box office
 King of the Lost World is a 2005 film produced by The Asylum. The film is a very loose adaptation of The Lost World by Arthur Conan Doyle the creator of Sherlock Holmes but the film bears a closer resemblance to the remake of King Kong released in the same year particularly as both center on a giant ape. Hence King of the Lost World is a mockbuster of said film a tradition that The Asylum usually undergoes.
 The Star Chamber is a 1983 American thriller film written by Roderick Taylor and directed by Peter Hyams. It stars Michael Douglas and Hal Holbrook. Its title is taken from the name of the notorious 17th-century English court.
 The Wanton of Spain (Spanish: La Celestina) is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by César Fernández Ardavín. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Huchudagaru (Kannada: ಹುಚ್ಚುಡುಗ್ರು English: Mad Boys) is a 2014 Indian Kannada-language comedy drama film directed by debutant RJ Pradeepa a Radio jockey with Radio City.
 Stupid Teenagers Must Die! (early title Blood & Guts) is a 2006 spoof film directed by Jeff C. Smith and written by Smith and Curtis Andersen. During production and initial festival screenings the film was titled Blood & Guts but before sending it to distributors the change to the current title was made to better reflect the humor intended by the filmmakers as they thought the original title implied more carnage than the film supplied.
 Juego peligroso (Dangerous Game) is a 1967 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.
 One Night Husband (Thai: คืนไร้เงา or Kuen rai ngao) is a 2003 Thai thriller film directed by Pimpaka Towira and co-written by Pimpaka and Prabda Yoon. It was the debut feature film for Pimpaka an independent film director and one of the few female directors working in the Thai film industry. One Night Husband was also the film debut of Thai-Canadian pop singer Nicole Theriault.
 The Notebooks of Memory is the third documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide.
 Omkara is a 2004 Kannada crime thriller action film starring Upendra and Preeti Jhangiani in the lead roles. The film was directed by Shivamani and produced by Company Films under the banner of R S Productions and has music by Gurukiran. Omkara was Upendra's first gangster film and was based on the connection between film industries and the Mumbai underworld mafia. The film was an average grosser.
 Angel Baby is a 1995 Australian drama film written and directed by Michael Rymer and starring John Lynch Jacqueline McKenzie and Colin Friels. The film was produced in 1993–94. It is a love story of two people with schizophrenia.
 A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures (also known as Sammy's Adventures: The Secret Passage) is a 2010 Belgian/American animated film co-written and directed by Ben Stassen.A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures (whose working title was Around the World in 50 Years 3D) follows a sea turtle as he navigates his 50 year life through the changes caused by global warming.
 Gandahar is a 1988 French animated science fiction and fantasy film. The original version was directed by René Laloux and was based on Jean-Pierre Andrevon's novel Les Hommes-machines contre Gandahar (The Machine-Men versus Gandahar).An English version was directed by Harvey Weinstein and produced by Bob Weinstein while noted science-fiction author Isaac Asimov made the revision of the translation.
 The Stranger from Alster Street (German: Die Fremde aus der Alstergasse) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Alfred Tostary and starring Margit Barnay Olaf Storm and Eduard von Winterstein. It premiered in Berlin on 7 June 1921.
 The Specials is a 2000 American comedy film about a group of ordinary superheroes on their day off. According to the film the Specials are the sixth or seventh most popular group of superheroes in the world.
 Noose released in the United States as The Silk Noose is a British crime film released in 1948. It was directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starred Carole Landis Joseph Calleia and Derek Farr.
 Tano da morire (internationally released as To Die for Tano) is a 1997 Italian musical comedy film written and directed by Roberta Torre.
 The Heart of the World is a short film written and directed by Guy Maddin produced for the 2000 Toronto International Film Festival. Maddin was one of a number of directors (including Atom Egoyan and David Cronenberg) commissioned to make four-minute short films that would screen prior to the various feature films at the 2000 festival.
 Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a 2005 British clay-mation animated comedy film. The film was produced by Aardman Animations in partnership with DreamWorks Animation and was the last DreamWorks animated film to be distributed by DreamWorks Pictures. It was directed by Nick Park and Steve Box as the second feature-length film by Aardman after Chicken Run.The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is based on the Wallace and Gromit short film series created by Park.
 Dad's Week Off is an American television film that premiered on Showtime in 1997. It was written and directed by Neal Israel and starred Henry Winkler Olivia d'Abo and Richard Jeni.
 The General of the Dead Army (Italian: Il generale dell'armata morta) is a 1983 Italian drama film directed by Luciano Tovoli. It is based on the novel by Ismail Kadare of the same name.
 Amara Kaaviyam (English: Immortal masterpiece) is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Jeeva Shankar and produced by actor Arya. The film features Arya's brother Sathya and Mia George in the lead roles. The film is in its post-production stage.
 Baby Doll is a 1956 American black comedy and drama film directed by Elia Kazan and starring Carroll Baker Karl Malden and Eli Wallach. The film also features Mildred Dunnock and Rip Torn. It was produced by Kazan and Tennessee Williams and adapted by Williams from his own one-act play 27 Wagons Full of Cotton.
 Madhu Malti may also refer to flower Madhu Malti see Quisqualis indicaMadhu Malti is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Basu Bhattacharya.
 Jericho is a 1937 British drama film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Paul Robeson Henry Wilcoxon and Wallace Ford. It is also known by the alternative title Dark Sands.Paul Robeson considered Jericho one of his most positive accomplishments in projecting a screen image of a Black man with courage honor self-sacrifice and intelligence who achieves success and happiness.
 Apoorva Sahodarigal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Thyagarajan. The film stars Karthik Suresh Radha Suhasini and Urvashi in the lead roles.The film's music score has been done by Bollywood music director Bappi Lahiri.
 Die Dame und der Blinde is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Four Mothers is the 1941 film sequel to Four Daughters (1938) and Four Wives (1939) starring Priscilla Lane and two of her sisters and featuring Gale Page Claude Raines and Eddie Albert. The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Lynn May Robson Frank McHugh and Dick Foran.
 DragonBlade: The Legend of Lang (Chinese: 龍刀奇緣) is the first 3D-CGI Chinese animated feature film from Hong Kong and directed by Antony szeto. It was produced by DCDC and China Film company and is also considered the first 3D rendered martial arts film.
 Beck – Flickan i jordkällaren is a 2006 Swedish film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck. It was directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Life Goes On is a 1932 British crime film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Elsie Randolph Betty Stockfeld and Warwick Ward. A criminal hides the body of a dead financier in an effort to manipulate shares.
 Sea Dogs is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Bonsai (Spanish: Bonsái) is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed by Cristián Jiménez based on a book of the same name by Alejandro Zambra. It premiered during the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival. The film was released in UK theaters on 30 March 2012 and US theaters on 11 May 2012.
 Ayiram Muthangal is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Annakkili S.Devarajan for Thirupur Mani. The film stars Sivakumar Radha and Sivachandran in the lead roles.
 Superman and the Mole Men is a 1951 superhero film starring George Reeves as Superman and Phyllis Coates as Lois Lane. The motion picture is the first theatrical feature film based on the DC Comics character Superman; although two live-action Superman films starring Kirk Alyn and Noel Neill had already been shown in cinemas they had appeared in a serial format.
 The Star Witness (1931) is an all-talking pre-code crime drama feature film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by William A. Wellman. The film stars Walter Huston Frances Starr Grant Mitchell and Chic Sale. The Star Witness was nominated for an Academy Award at the 5th Academy Awards for Best Story.
 Tarka the Otter is a film made in 1979 based on the novel of the same name by Henry Williamson. Tarka the Otter was voted 98th in Channel 4’s poll of the 100 Greatest Family Films.
 The Bridge of San Luis Rey is a 1944 drama film made by Benedict Bogeaus Productions and released by United Artists. It was produced and directed by Rowland V. Lee with Benedict Bogeaus as co-producer. The screenplay by Howard Estabrook and Herman Weissman was adapted from the novel The Bridge of San Luis Rey by Thornton Wilder. The music score was by Dimitri Tiomkin and the cinematography by John W. Boyle and an uncredited John J.
 Sexual Dependency (Original Spanish title Dependencia sexual) is a Bolivian drama film by Rodrigo Bellott. It focuses on five young people just beginning to construct their sexual identity. Most of the actors featured were non-professional. It was Bolivia's entry to the foreign film category of the 76th Academy Awards.
 The Gentle Terror is a 1961 British thriller film.
 Hamara Desh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It starred Jani Babu.
 The Fed One (Croatian: Hranjenik) is a 1970 Yugoslav feature film directed by Vatroslav Mimica
 Petty Romance (Hangul: 째째한 로맨스; RR: Jjaejjaehan romaenseu) is a 2010 South Korean 18-rated romantic comedy film about the fiery relationship between an adult cartoonist and a former sex columnist. The film was a moderate hit selling 2048296 tickets nationwide.Lead actors Lee Sun-kyun and Choi Kang-hee had previously starred together in the 2008 SBS TV series My Sweet Seoul.
 Ninja Cheerleaders is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by David Presley.
 Đuka Begović is a Croatian film directed by Branko Schmidt. It was released in 1991.
 Miranda is a 1948 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and written by Peter Blackmore who also wrote the play of the same name from which the film was adapted. Denis Waldock provided additional dialogue. A light comedy the film is about a beautiful and playful mermaid played by Glynis Johns and her effect on Griffith Jones. Googie Withers and Margaret Rutherford are also featured in the film.Johns and Rutherford reprised their roles in the 1954 sequel Mad About Men.
 Raising a Riot is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Wendy Toye and starring Kenneth More Shelagh Fraser and Mandy Miller about a naval officer who attempts to look after his three children in his wife's absence.
 Milou en mai is a 1990 film by Louis Malle. It is released as Milou in May in the UK and as May Fools in North America. The film portrays the impact of the French revolutionary fervour of May 1968 on a French village.Milou en mai was filmed at Château du Calaoue in the Gers département southwestern France.
 Fellini: A Director's Notebook (Italian: Bloc-notes di un regista) is an Italian documentary directed by Federico Fellini shot in 16mm and first broadcast in the United States on NBC in 1969.
 LOL is a 2006 independent mumblecore film by Joe Swanberg that examines the impact of technology on social relations.
 Biraj Bahu is a 1955 Hindi film produced by Hiten Choudhury and directed by Bimal Roy and based on a Bengali novel by Saratchandra Chattopadhyay. The film stars Kamini Kaushal Abhi Bhattacharya and Pran. The films music is by Salil Choudhury
 The Moment (Romanian: Clipa) is a 1979 Romanian drama film directed by Gheorghe Vitanidis. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 A Trip to Paramountown is a 1922 American short silent documentary film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. The film runs about 20 minutes and features many personalities then under contract to Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures.
 The Letter (French: La Lettre Portuguese: A Carta) is a 1999 French-Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It tells the story of a married woman who has feelings for another man and who confesses her feelings to her friend a cloistered nun. The film is loosely based on the 17th century French novel The Princess of Cleves by Madame de Lafayette.[1]The film was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Prize.
 Jeon Woo Chi (Hangul: 전우치; also known as Woochi Jeon Woo Chi: The Taoist Wizard or Woochi: The Demon Slayer) is a 2009 South Korean fantasy action film written and directed by Choi Dong-hoon who departs from his popular heist films Tazza: The High Rollers and The Big Swindle for this big-budget special effects-filled action romp that was equally popular with the Korean audience earning over six million admissions over the 2009 Christmas period.
 Violent Moment is a 1959 British drama film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Lyndon Brook Jane Hylton and Jill Browne. It was made as a B film for release on the lower-half of a double bill. It was the film editor Hayers' first film as director. It also marked the debut of Moira Redmond. It was released in the United States as Rebound.
 Surf Party is a 1964 beach party film directed by Maury Dexter. It is notable for the musical acts showcased onscreen as well as for being the first direct imitation of AIP’s hit Beach Party which was released six months earlier. It also notable for being one of the few films in the genre shot in black and white. It has rarely been screened and only received its first-ever home video release in April of 2013 as a DVD-R pn demand through Fox.
 Spring in Winter (Hungarian: Tavasz a télben) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu is a Telugu film starring Uday Kiran and Shriya directed by Raja Sekhar. Krishnam Raju Suman Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao Ravi Babu Brahmanandam Krishna Mohan Kakarala Sujatha Meena Kumari and Jyothi play supporting roles in this film.
 Kottapeta Rowdy is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Zatoichi's Revenge (座頭市二段斬り Zatōichi nidan-giri) is a 1965 Japanese chambara film directed by Shozaburo Asai and starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).Zatoichi's Revenge is the tenth episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 The Merry Widow is a 1925 American silent romantic drama/black comedy film directed and written by Erich von Stroheim. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer the film stars Mae Murray John Gilbert and Roy D'Arcy. The film is based on the Franz Lehár's opera of the same name and was the second adaptation of the opera the first being released in Hungary in 1918.
 Beggars in Ermine is a 1934 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Adieu Paris is a German-Luxembourgian-French film directed by Franziska Buch. The film is also known as Upgrade.
 The Young Girls Turn 25 (French: Les demoiselles ont eu 25 ans) is a 1993 French documentary film directed by Agnès Varda about Jacques Demy's 1967 film The Young Girls of Rochefort. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Great Van Robbery is a 1959 British film.
 The Christmas Kid (also known as Joe Navidad) is a 1967 western film directed by Sidney W. Pink and distributed in America by Troma Entertainment.
 Adam Eve and Datsa (Burmese: အာဒမ်ရယ်၊ ဧဝရယ်၊ ဒသရယ်) is a drama film produced by Heart & Soul Film Production. It was based on Ponya Khin's novel Achit or Winkabar. It was directed by Wyne (Own Creator). Pyay Ti Oo Sai Sai Kham Hlaing and Thet Mon Myint starred as the main characters. The film was released in July 2011. This film showed in Singapore on 4 September 2011 and Lose Angleas United States on 19 and 20 November 2011 as the oversea promotion events.
 Girl 27 is a 2007 documentary film about the 1937 rape of MGM movie extra Patricia Douglas (1917-2003) the front-page news stories that followed and the subsequent cover-up of the entire event. Also covered are a similar assault on singer Eloise Spann and her subsequent suicide as well as the better known scandal involving actress Loretta Young and her adopted daughter Judy Lewis.
 One Thousand Dollars on the Black (AKA Blood at Sundown or Mille dollari sul nero) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western feature film directed by Alberto Cardone. The picture marks the first appearance of the character Sartana played by Gianni Garko. It is not however considered an official Sartana film.
 The Tango Lesson (Spanish: 'La lección de tango') is a 1997 drama film by British director Sally Potter. It is a semi-autobiographical film starring Potter and Pablo Verón about Argentinian Tango.The film a co-production of Argentina France Germany Netherlands and the United Kingdom was produced by Christopher Sheppard in Britain and Oscar Kramer in Argentina and was shot mostly in black and white in Paris and Buenos Aires.
 Viridiana (pronounced: [βiɾiðiˈana]) is a 1961 Spanish-Mexican motion picture directed by Luis Buñuel and produced by Mexican Gustavo Alatriste. It is loosely based on Halma a novel by Benito Pérez Galdós.Viridiana was the winner of the Palme d'Or at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Force of One is a 1979 martial arts film starring Jennifer O'Neill Ron O'Neal Clu Gulager Bill Wallace and Chuck Norris. The film was directed by Paul Aaron and written by Pat E. Johnson and Ernest Tidyman.
 Alba Regia is a 1961 Hungarian drama film directed by Mihály Szemes. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Checking Out is an American comedy film made in 1989 directed by David Leland and starring Jeff Daniels.
 Varaphalam is a 1994 Malayalam comedy film directed by Thaha and starring Sreenivasan and Mukesh in the lead roles.
 Roll on Texas Moon is a 1946 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 The Graveyard is a 2006 American independent horror suspense film written by Michael Hurst directed by Michael Feifer and starring Patrick Scott Lewis. The project was filmed in California.
 Nirnayam is a 1995 Malayalam–language thriller film starring Mohanlal and Heera Rajgopal in lead roles. Nirnayam was co-written and directed by Sangeeth Sivan.
 A Spray of Plum Blossoms (Chinese: 一剪梅; pinyin: Yī jiǎn méi) is a 1931 silent Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu Wang Cilong and Jin Yan. It is a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Two Gentlemen of Verona. The film is one of several collaborations between Bu Wancang and two of the top Chinese movie stars of the day Ruan Lingyu and the Korean-born Jin Yan and was produced by the Lianhua Film Company.
 Smilin' Guns was an American silent Western film directed by Henry MacRae and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Miss de Vère (English Jig) (French: Miss de Vère) was an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 45 in its catalogues. The Miss de Vère of the title was one of the daughters of Charles De Vere (real name H. S. G. Williams) an Englishman who had worked as a professional magician and who was then the owner of a Paris shop selling conjuror's supplies electrical equipment and films.The film is currently presumed lost.
 Iraivan Kodutha Varam is a Tamil film directed by A. Bhimasingh.
 Big Rig (2008) is a documentary film by Doug Pray about long-haul truck drivers. The film consists of a series of interviews with different drivers focusing on both their personal life stories and also the life and culture of truck drivers in the United States.
 The Last Straw is a film documenting the very last live poetry reading given by Charles Bukowski even though he lived and wrote for another 14 years. The reading was given at The Sweetwater a music club in Redondo Beach California on March 31 1980. It is produced and directed by Jon Monday for mondayMEDIA.
 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 is a 2011 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the second of two cinematic parts based on the novel by J. K. Rowling. The film which is the eighth and final instalment in the Harry Potter film series was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman David Barron and Rowling. The story continues to follow Harry Potter's quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes.
 Totò and Carolina (Italian: Totò e Carolina) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Totò. The film was banned when it was first released as it made fun of a policeman.
 Happy Go Lovely is a 1951 British musical comedy film with Technicolor directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Vera Ellen David Niven and Cesar Romero. The film was made and first released in the UK and distributed in the US by RKO Radio Pictures in 1952.
 Fareb is a 1996 Bollywood thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt. The film marks the debut of actors Faraaz Khan and Suman Ranganathan and also stars Milind Gunaji. It was released on 28 June 1996. The film is a remake of the 1992 thriller Unlawful Entry. The film was successful at the box office for the budget it was taking. Jatin-Lalit's music also became a highlight of the movie.
 Double Agent (1987) was a made for TV film from Walt Disney Television directed by Michael Vejar. It starred Michael McKean Susan Walden Christopher Burton Judith Jones Lloyd Bochner Alexa Hamilton Del Zamora John Putch Jane A. Johnston Lois January Saveli Kramarov Allan Kolman and Big John Studd. Double Agent was first telecast March 29 1987 on The Disney Sunday Movie series.
 Sione's Wedding (also marketed outside New Zealand as Samoan Wedding) is a 2006 comedic film directed by Chris Graham and written by James Griffin and Oscar Kightley and produced by South Pacific Pictures.
 Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers is the fourth installment of the Halloween film series directed by Dwight H. Little and written by Alan B. McElroy. The central plot focuses on Michael Myers returning home to kill his niece Jamie Lloyd (Danielle Harris) the daughter of Laurie Strode with Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasence) once more pursuing him.As the title suggests this film marks the return of Michael Myers the central villain of Halloween and Halloween II.
 For the 1992 film see Intent to Kill (1992 film). For the legal term see Voluntary manslaughter.Intent to Kill is a 1958 British thriller film directed by Jack Cardiff and starring Richard Todd Betsy Drake and Herbert Lom. The film was based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Brian Moore (written under the pen-name Michael Bryan). It was shot on location in Montreal Canada with an international cast of European and North American actors.
 Afro Samurai: Resurrection is a 2009 film sequel to the 2007 Afro Samurai anime; the movie was shown on Spike TV on January 25 2009. American actor Samuel L. Jackson returns as the voice for Afro and Ninja-Ninja while this time he is joined by Lucy Liu who voices Afro's enemy Sio. Mark Hamill also joins as the voice of Sio's protector and henchman Bin. Yuri Lowenthal also returns as the voice of Jinno / Kuma.
 El hombre señalado is a 1957 Argentine drama film directed by Francis Lauric. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Happening is a 1967 American comedy film starring Anthony Quinn Michael Parks George Maharis Robert Walker Jr. Martha Hyer and Faye Dunaway and featuring Oscar Homolka Jack Kruschen and Milton Berle that was released in March 1967 by Columbia Pictures.
 Gunga Jumna (Hindi: गंगा जमना Urdu: گنگا جمنا‎ also transliterated as Ganga Jamuna or Ganga Jamna) is a 1961 dacoit drama Bollywood film produced in Technicolor by Dilip Kumar and directed by Nitin Bose. The film stars Dilip Kumar and Vyjayanthimala in the lead with Nasir Khan Azra Leela Chitnis Kanhaiyalal Anwar Hussain Nazir Hussain and Helen forming an ensemble cast.
 Blind Justice is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Eva Moore Frank Vosper Geraldine Fitzgerald Roger Livesey and John Mills. A woman is blackmailed by a criminal who has discovered that her brother was shot as a coward during the First World War. It was based on Recipe for Murder a 1932 play by Arnold Ridley. A review of the play mentioning the forthcoming film was the first use of the word whodunit it print.
 Jack the Giant Slayer (previously titled Jack the Giant Killer) is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film based on the English fairy tales Jack the Giant Killer and Jack and the Beanstalk. The film is directed by Bryan Singer with a screenplay written by Darren Lemke Christopher McQuarrie and Dan Studney and stars Nicholas Hoult Eleanor Tomlinson Stanley Tucci Ian McShane Bill Nighy and Ewan McGregor.
 The Broken Hearts Club: A Romantic Comedy is a 2000 American film written and directed by Greg Berlanti. It follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood centered around a restaurant owned by the fatherly Jack (John Mahoney) and the softball team he sponsors.
 The Brood is a 1979 Canadian science fiction horror film written and directed by David Cronenberg starring Oliver Reed Samantha Eggar and Art Hindle.The film depicts a series of murders committed by what seems at first to be a group of children. These are in fact the psychoplasmic offspring of a mentally disturbed woman whose husband fights for custody and finally the life of their daughter.
 Music for December (Russian: Музыка для декабря translit. Muzyka dlya dekabrya) is a 1995 Russian drama film directed by Ivan Dykhovichny. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pension Mimosas is a 1935 French film directed by Jacques Feyder. Based on an original scenario by Feyder and Charles Spaak it is a psychological drama set largely in a small hotel on the Côte d'Azur and it provided Françoise Rosay with one of the most substantial acting roles of her career.
 Les Pas perdus (English title: The Last Steps) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jacques Robin who co-wrote screenplay with René Fallet based on novel by René Fallet. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Jean-Louis Trintignant. It tells the story of a rich attractive married woman who become involved in a love affair with a young worker she has met in the station.
 No Time for Sergeants is a 1958 American comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Andy Griffith and featuring Myron McCormick Don Knotts and most of the original Broadway cast. Warner Brothers contract player Nick Adams joined the cast as Stockdale's fellow military draftee Benjamin B. Whitledge as did Murray Hamilton as Irving S. Blanchard. The film is based on a play inspired by the original novel.
 Oldboy (Hangul: 올드보이; RR: Oldeuboi; MR: Oldŭboi) is a 2003 South Korean mystery thriller film directed by Park Chan-wook. It is based loosely on the Japanese manga of the same name written by Nobuaki Minegishi and Garon Tsuchiya. Oldboy is the second installment of The Vengeance Trilogy preceded by Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance and followed by Sympathy for Lady Vengeance.The film follows the story of one Oh Dae-su who is locked in a hotel room for 15 years without knowing his captor's motives.
 The Hangover is a 2009 American comedy film co-produced and directed by Todd Phillips and written by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. It is the first film of The Hangover franchise. The film stars Bradley Cooper Ed Helms Zach Galifianakis Heather Graham Justin Bartha and Jeffrey Tambor. The Hangover tells the story of Phil Wenneck Stu Price and Alan Garner who travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party to celebrate their friend Doug Billings' impending marriage.
 Tender Fictions is a 1996 autobiographical documentary film directed by American experimental filmmaker Barbara Hammer. It is the second of a trilogy of documentary films that includes Nitrate Kisses and History Lessons. Together the three films are sometimes known as the History trilogy. Tender Fictions details Hammer's life and her attempts to construct a self. The film was nominated for a prize at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival.
 Song for a Bride (花嫁三重奏 Hanayome sanjuso) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Nine Days in One Year (Russian: Девять дней одного года) is a 1962 Soviet black-and-white drama film directed by Mikhail Romm about nuclear particle physics Soviet scientists (physicists) and their relationship.The film won the Crystal Globe Award in 1962.
 Si me viera don Porfirio (If I Were Mr. Porfirio) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Sleeping Children Awake is a Canadian feature length documentary video outlining the history of the residential school system and its affect on generations of First Nations’ people. The video was first released in 1992 to a premiere theatrical screening and broadcast on Thunder Bay Television. The documentary has a running time of 50 minutes and 50 seconds.
 Playing by Heart is a 1998 American comedy-drama film which tells the story of several seemingly unconnected characters. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Mad Love (Spanish: Juana la Loca literally Juana the Madwoman) is a 2001 period drama film written and directed by Vicente Aranda starring Pilar López de Ayala and Daniele Liotti. The plot follows the tragic fate of Queen Joanna of Castile madly in love to an unfaithful husband Philip the Handsome Archduke of Austria.The film received 3 Goya awards in the categories of Best Actress Best Wardrobe and Best Makeup and Hair.
 A Night of Horror (German: Nächte des Grauens) is a 1916 silent German horror film directed by Richard Oswald Arthur Robison and starring Werner Krauss.
 Relentless IV: Ashes to Ashes is a 1994 crime thriller film directed by Oley Sassone. The tagline for the movie was: This time nothing can stop the fear. Relentless IV was filmed in Los Angeles California USA. This is the fourth and possibly final installment in the Relentless series.
 The Aristocrats is a 2005 documentary film about the famous dirty joke of the same name. It was conceived and produced by comedians Penn Jillette and Paul Provenza edited by Emery Emery and released to theaters by TH!NKFilm. The film is dedicated to Johnny Carson as The Aristocrats was said to be his favorite joke.
 Dancing Pirate is a 1936 American musical comedy film directed by Lloyd Corrigan set in 1820s California. It is the third film shot in the three strip Technicolor process and the first musical in that format. Produced by the makers of Becky Sharp the film was based on the December 1930 Colliers Magazine story Glorious Buccaneer by Emma-Lindsay Squier a serious and action filled romance that may have been inspired by the story of Joseph Chapman.
 Wedding ring (Обручальное кольцо) is a Russian television series filmed from 2008 to 2011.
 The Sharkfighters is a 1956 American adventure film about U.S. Navy scientists working to invent a shark repellent to protect military personnel down at sea. Directed by Jerry Hopper it starred Victor Mature James Olson and Claude Akins. The fictional storyline is based on the invention of Shark Chaser an historical shark repellent developed by researchers during World War II.
 Naked City: Justice with a Bullet is a 1998 criminal drama film about two detectives who have to protect two girls who have been robbed of all their money and luggage. Kim Poirier has a cameo appearance in the film.
 Vallarasu is a Tamil action film released in 2000. The movie stars Vijayakanth Devayani Raghuvaran Karan Vadivelu and Livingston. The music is by Deva. It was dubbed in Telugu as Commissioner Narasimha Naidu. It was remade in Hindi as Indian. The New Straights Times calls the film a blockbuster.
 Baldevins bröllop (English: Baldevin's wedding) is a Swedish comedy film from 1938.The film was written by Edvard Persson and Gideon Wahlberg and directed by Emil A. Lingheim and Gideon Wahlberg.
 Dirty Hands: The Art and Crimes of David Choe is a 2008 documentary film about painter and graffiti artist David Choe directed by Harry Kim. Over more than a decade Kim filmed the most intimate and dramatic moments of his best friend David Choe's colorful life as an artist. Dirty Hands began as a film school project but gradually expanded into a half-hour film entitled Whales and Orgies then a feature-length documentary.
 Barking at the Stars (Serbian: Лајање на звезде) is a 1998 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Šotra.
 The Flashlight is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 Me and the Colonel is a 1958 film based on the play Jacobowsky und der Oberst by Franz Werfel. It was directed by Peter Glenville and stars Danny Kaye Curt Jürgens and Nicole Maurey.Kaye won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his portrayal.
 44 Inch Chest is a 2009 British crime drama film directed by Malcolm Venville in his directorial debut. The film stars Ray Winstone Ian McShane John Hurt Tom Wilkinson Stephen Dillane and Joanne Whalley.
 L'inafferrabile 12 is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.
 The Bette Midler Show is a HBO Video special of one of Bette Midler's tours entitled 'The Depression Tour' The video is of her show during her tour in Cleveland during February 1976.
 A Slight Case of Larceny is a 1953 film.
 24 jours la vérité sur l'affaire Ilan Halimi (lit. 24 Days: The True Story of the Ilan Halimi Affair) is a French film by Alexandre Arcady released in 2014. It examines The Affair of the Gang of Barbarians of January 2006.
 Paris is a 2008 French film by Cédric Klapisch concerning a diverse group of people living in Paris. The film began shooting in November 2006 and was released in February 2008. Its UK release was in July 2008. Commentators have noted the similarity in style of this film to Woody Allen's Manhattan and Robert Altman's Short Cuts.
 Look Out Below is a 1919 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Conductor 786 is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood Riley Chamberlin Jean Darnell.
 Jallian Wala Bagh is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Balraj Tah.
 In the Bishop's Carriage is a 1913 silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company film company and starring Mary Pickford. It is based on the novel of the same name by Miriam Michelson. This film is lost.
 Private Smith of the U.S.A. is a 1942 American short documentary film directed by Harry W. Smith. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 15th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Intlo Illalu Vantintlo Priyuralu (Telugu: ఇంట్లో ఇల్లాలు - వంటింట్లో ప్రియురాలు) is a 1996 Tollywood film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and produced by K.L.Narayana. Venkatesh and Soundarya played the lead roles. The film was a remake of Tamil film Thaikulame Thaikulame.
 Not of This Earth is a 67-minute 1957 American black-and-white science fiction film written by Charles B. Griffith and Mark Hanna. It was produced and directed by Roger Corman for Los Altos Productions and distributed by Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.The film depicts the dark deeds of an alien intruder who hides under the name of Mr. Johnson. After a nuclear war the people of his home planet Davanna suffer from an incurable blood disease.
 The Time That Remains is a 2009 semi-biographical drama film written and directed by Palestinian director Elia Suleiman. The film stars Ali Suliman Elia Suleiman and Saleh Bakri. It gives an account of the creation of the Israeli state from 1948 to the present. Suleiman participated in the 2009 Cannes Film Festival as his new film competed in the official selection category. The Time That Remains was also screened at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
 3G is a Bollywood horror film directed by Sheershak Anand and Shantanu Ray Chhibber and produced under Eros International and Next Gen Films. The film features Neil Nitin Mukesh and Sonal Chauhan in lead roles. It was released in India on 15 March 2013.
 The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American film which was directed by Peter Sasdy and adapted for the screen by Ellen Shepard who worked from the novel written by Harold Robbins. (The novel itself was believed to have been based on Robbins' memories of Jacqueline Susann.) The original music score was composed by Charlie Calello. The cast includes Pia Zadora in the title role Lloyd Bochner Bibi Besch Jared Martin and in an early film appearance Ray Liotta.
 Bandits in Milan (Italian: Banditi a Milano; also known as The Violent Four) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France. In June of the same year it was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival. It is the debut film of Agostina Belli.
 Frenzy is a 1972 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The penultimate feature film of his extensive career it is often considered by critics and scholars to be his last great film before his death. The screenplay by Anthony Shaffer was based on the novel Goodbye Piccadilly Farewell Leicester Square by Arthur La Bern.The film stars Jon Finch Alec McCowen and Barry Foster and features Billie Whitelaw Anna Massey Barbara Leigh-Hunt Bernard Cribbins and Vivien Merchant.
 Cousin Bette is a 1998 British/American comedy-drama that stars Jessica Lange in the title role and is loosely based on the Honoré de Balzac novel of the same name. It received lukewarm reviews and did very poorly at the box office.
 The Border Patrol is a 1928 American Western film directed by James P. Hogan released through Pathe Exchange and starring Harry Carey.
 Villa Horror is a 2006 Khmer horror film produced by Campro production.
 For the fictional estate see Manderley; for the Burmese city see Mandalay.Manderlay is a 2005 Danish drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier and the sequel to the film Dogville. It is the second part of von Trier's projected USA – Land of Opportunities trilogy. It stars Bryce Dallas Howard who replaces Nicole Kidman in the role of Grace Mulligan. The film co-stars Willem Dafoe replacing James Caan.
 West Is West is a 2010 British comedy-drama film which is a sequel to the 1999 comedy East Is East. It stars Aqib Khan Om Puri Linda Bassett Ila Arun and Jimi Mistry is written by Ayub Khan-Din directed by Andy DeEmmony and produced by Leslee Udwin for Assassin Films and BBC Films.The film was first shown on 12 September 2010 at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Pizza Man is a 2011 film directed by Joe Eckardt and starring Frankie Muniz Shelley Long Michael Gross Ashley Parker Angel Dallas Page and Adam West.
 Le Poisson noyé is a 2008 film.
 The Hero of Little Italy is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Where the Forest Ends is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Suhagan is a 1942 Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 A Guy and a Gal (Swedish: En kille och en tjej) is a 1975 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström.
 Booby Dupes is the 84th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Express Train of Love (German:Blitzzug der Liebe) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Ossi Oswalda Willy Fritsch and Lillian Hall-Davis. It prermiered on 6 May 1925 at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo in Berlin.The film's art direction was by Rudi Feld.
 The Young Lord (鬼斬り若様 Onikiri Wakasama) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kimiyoshi Yasuda.
 Bloom is a 2003 Irish film written and directed by Sean Walsh based on the novel Ulysses by James Joyce. The film premiered at the 2003 Taormina Film Festival. Angeline Ball won the award for Best Actress in a Film at the Irish Film and Television Awards. The soundtrack was written and produced by David Kahne.The novel Ulysses was previously made into a 1967 film of the same name.
 Deep Throat is a 1972 American pornographic film written and directed by Gerard Damiano who was listed in the credits as Jerry Gerard; produced by Louis Peraino who was credited as Lou Perry; and starring Linda Lovelace the pseudonym given to Linda Susan Boreman.One of the first pornographic films to feature a plot character development and relatively high production standards Deep Throat earned mainstream attention and launched the porno chic trend despite the film being banned in some regions and the subject of obscenity trials.
 Khap is a 2011 Hindi film starring Yuvika Chaudhary Om Puri Govind Namdeo Manoj Pahwa Mohnish Bahl. Directed by Ajai Sinha the film is a socio-political drama based on the Manoj-Babli honour killing case and Khap Panchayats in villages of Haryana Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh which order honour killing to prevent marriages within the same gotra.
 Escape From Terror: The Teresa Stamper Story is a 1995 American crime drama television film based on a true story from Unsolved Mysteries. It stars Adam Storke Maria Pitillo Brad Dourif and Cindy Williams.
 The Wrong Trousers is a 1993 stop motion animated short film directed by Nick Park at Aardman Animations featuring his characters Wallace and Gromit.
 Blueberry Hill is a 1988 American coming of age dramatic film starring Jennifer Rubin and directed by Strathford Hamilton.
 Mahakavi Kalidas is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 En el Espejo del Cielo (In the Mirror of the Sky) is a 1998 critically acclaimed Mexican short film fantasy drama directed by Carlos Salces.
 Close Escape is a 1989 Hong Kong crime action film directed by Chow Chun Wing and starring Max Mok Michael Miu and Aaron Kwok who acts in his debut film role.
 The Trip to Bountiful is a 1985 film starring Geraldine Page John Heard Carlin Glynn Richard Bradford and Rebecca De Mornay. Geraldine Page won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Carrie Watts. The movie was adapted by Horton Foote from his television play. The Trip to Bountiful premiered March 1 1953 on NBC-TV directed by Vincent J. Donehue with Lillian Gish Eileen Heckart and Eva Marie Saint.
 Love Me Forever or Never (Portuguese: Eu Sei que Vou Te Amar) is a 1986 Brazilian drama film directed by Arnaldo Jabor. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival where Fernanda Torres won the award for Best Actress.
 I giorni dell'abbandono is a film of 2005 by Roberto Faenza set in Turin based on the novel by Elena Ferrante.
 Brother Orchid is a 1940 American crime/comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Edward G. Robinson Ann Sothern and Humphrey Bogart with featured performances by Donald Crisp Ralph Bellamy and Allen Jenkins. The screenplay was written by Earl Baldwin with uncredited contributions from Jerry Wald and Richard Macauley based on a story by Richard Connell originally published in Collier's Magazine on May 21 1938.
 Gus is an animated short film produced by Honeydew Studios in Brisbane Australia. It is written directed animated and produced by Andrew Martin. The music is composed by Liam Flenady and Lisa Cheney and the sound design is by John Willsteed. It has won multiple awards on the international festival circuit including Best Short Film Script and Best Short Animation at the Monaco International Film Festival and Best Animation at the Queensland New Filmmakers Awards in 2011.
 How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is a 2008 British comedy film based upon Toby Young's 2001 memoir of the same name. The film follows a similar storyline about his five-year struggle to make it in the United States after employment at Sharps Magazine. The names of the magazine and people Young came into contact with during the time were changed for the film adaptation.
 Fools for Scandal is a 1938 comedy film starring Carole Lombard Fernand Gravey and Ralph Bellamy. It is now best remembered as one of Lombard's worst films and one that set her on the course for seeking dramatic roles for the next few years.
 Kie Kahara (1968) Oriya: କିଏ କାହାର is an Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit
 See This Movie is a 2004 comedy film written by David M. Rosenthal and Joseph Matthew Smith and directed by Rosenthal.
 Shakedown (also known in international markets as Blue Jean Cop) is a 1988 crime drama/action movie starring Peter Weller and Sam Elliott. The movie is about an idealistic lawyer teaming with a veteran cop to find out the truth in a possible police corruption scandal.
 Arputha Theevu is a Tamil film released on 14 April 2007 starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Guinness Pakru and Mallika Kapoor amongst others. It is the dubbed version of Malayalam film Albudhadweep.Albhutha Dweepu was released in 2005 and the remake rights were sold almost immediately to Hollywood director Ron Howard who was in India at that time.The film stars 300 dwarfs and all 300 are to enact the same role in Hollywood version of the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.
 Paulo e Virginia is a 1924 Brazilian silent drama film directed by Francisco de Almeida Fleming. It is based on a novel by Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre.The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on August 12 1924
 Sister Angelika (Czech: Sestra Angelika) is a 1932 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 First Contact is a 1983 documentary by Bob Connolly and Robin Anderson which recounts the discovery of a flourishing native population in the interior highlands of New Guinea in 1930 in what had been thought to be an uninhabited area. It is based on the book of the same name by the same authors. Inhabitants of the region and surviving members of the Leahy brothers' gold prospecting party recount their astonishment at this unforeseen meeting.
 Gidget's Summer Reunion is a 1985 television film produced by Columbia Pictures Television for television syndication. It was written by Robert Blees and George Zateslo and directed by Bruce Bilson and starred Caryn Richman as Gidget.
 Jis Desh Mein Ganga Rehta Hai (English: The country where Ganga lives) is 2000 Hindi film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and starring Govinda and Sonali Bendre as leads. It is a remake of Dada Kondke's blockbuster Marathi film Eakta Jeev Sadashiv released in 1972.
 Dil Deke Dekho a 1959 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film was Nasir Hussain's second film as director. His first directorial venture was Tumsa Nahin Dekha (1957) which became a big hit and which gave star Shammi Kapoor a new image as a comedic dancing hero. Husain and Kapoor reteamed here. Asha Parekh a former child actress made her film debut as a heroine.
 Old Lady 31 is a 1920 silent comedy drama film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by John Ince. It is based on a novel by Louise Forsslund turned into a play by Rachel Crothers. The film starred actress Emma Dunn reprising her 1916 stage success for the screen. The film was remade in 1940 as The Captain Is a Lady.
 All's Well Ends Well 1997 (97家有囍事) is a 1997 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Alfred Cheung starring Stephen Chow Raymond Wong and Francis Ng.
 Won by Wireless is a 1911 American silent short film. The film stars William Garwood.
 The Midnight Cabaret is a 1923 American film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Mad Hot Ballroom is a documentary film by director Marilyn Agrelo and writer/producer Amy Sewell about a ballroom dance program in the New York City public school system. In the film Agrelo and Sewell reveal that the New York City public school system runs a ballroom dance program for fifth graders. Several styles of dance are shown in the film such as tango foxtrot swing rumba and merengue.
 No Time for Comedy is a 1940 comedy-drama film based on the play of the same name by S. N. Behrman starring James Stewart Rosalind Russell Genevieve Tobin and Charles Ruggles.
 Candlelight in Algeria is a 1944 British war film directed by George King and starring James Mason Carla Lehmann and Raymond Lovell.
 The Celebration is a 1998 Danish film produced by Nimbus Film and directed by Thomas Vinterberg. Its original Danish title is Festen (pronounced [fɛsd̥ɛ̝n]) and it was released under this title in the United Kingdom.The film tells the story of a family gathering to celebrate their father's 60th birthday. At the dinner the eldest son publicly accuses his father of sexually abusing both him and his twin sister (who had recently committed suicide).
 Limbo is a 2004 American science fiction drama film about a man caught in a time loop and the effects on him.
 Vacaciones is a 1947 Argentine film.
 Resurrecting the Champ is a 2007 American drama sports film directed by Rod Lurie. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Michael Bortman and Allison Burnett based on a Los Angeles Times Magazine article entitled Resurrecting the Champ by author J.R. Moehringer. The film centers around a fictionalized former athlete portrayed by Samuel L.
 Woyzeck is a 1979 film by the German director Werner Herzog that stars Klaus Kinski and Eva Mattes. It is an adaptation of the play of the same name by German dramatist Georg Büchner.
 The Invaders is a 1912 American silent Western film directed by Francis Ford and Thomas H. Ince.
 Vibes is a comedy film released in 1988 starring Cyndi Lauper Jeff Goldblum Julian Sands and Peter Falk. It was directed by Ken Kwapis. The plot revolves around Sylvia a ditzy psychic and Nick her equally odd psychic friend and their trip into the Ecuadorian Andes to find the source of psychic energy.
 Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 comedy film co-written and directed by Jared Hess and Jerusha Hess starring Jon Heder in the role of the title character. Heder was paid just $1000 to play Napoleon Dynamite and only after the film's success re-negotiated and received a cut of its profits.
 Drive a Crooked Road is a 1954 American crime film noir directed by Richard Quine and featuring Mickey Rooney Dianne Foster Kevin McCarthy and Jack Kelly. The drama's screenplay was written by Blake Edwards and Richard Quine from The Wheel Man; a story by Canadian James Benson Nablo.
 To the Last Man is a 1923 feature film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Victor Fleming and was based on a novel by Zane Grey. A print is held in the Gosfilmofond in Moscow.
 Annan Thambi is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Anwar Rasheed starring Mammootty Lakshmi Rai and Gopika. Mammootty plays twins Achu and Appu in the film. Rahul Raj composed the music of this movie. The film was a blockbuster at the box office.
 An American Werewolf in London is a 1981 horror comedy film written and directed by John Landis and starring David Naughton Jenny Agutter and Griffin Dunne.The film starts with two young American men David Kessler (played by Naughton) and Jack Goodman (played by Dunne) on a backpacking holiday in England. Following an awkwardly tense visit to a village pub the two men venture deep into the moors at night.
 The Circus is a 1928 silent film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin with Joseph Plunkett as an uncredited writer. The film stars Chaplin Al Ernest Garcia Merna Kennedy Harry Crocker George Davis and Henry Bergman. The ringmaster of an impoverished circus hires Chaplin's Little Tramp as a clown but discovers that he can only be funny unintentionally not on purpose.The production of the film was the most difficult experience in Chaplin's career.
 And Once Again is a 2010 Indian family drama film directed by Amol Palekar. The film premiered in Mumbai on 20 August 2010.
 The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders is a 1965 British historical comedy film directed by Terence Young and starring Kim Novak Richard Johnson and Angela Lansbury. It is based on the 1722 novel Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe.
 Naked: A Musical Short Film is a short film directed by Sean Robinson and written by VP Boyle which premiered at the Rhode Island International Film Festival in 2013. The film is based on the song Without a Stitch On by Mike Pettry. Both the song and film were written for theatre talent Katie Zaffrann.
 Mortgage is a 1990 Australian drama film directed by Bill Bennett.
 Sex with a Smile II (originally titled Spogliamoci così senza pudor) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Sergio Martino. As its previous chapter it is an anthology sex comedy film that features a series of four comedic sketches that parody Italian sexual mores.
 Caché (distributed as Hidden in the UK and Ireland) is a 2005 French-language thriller written and directed by Michael Haneke. The film stars Daniel Auteuil as Georges and Juliette Binoche as his wife Anne.
 The White Line (Italian: Cuori senza frontiere) is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Gina Lollobrigida.
 Master with Cracked Fingers (Chinese: 刁手怪招; pinyin: diāo shǒu guài zhāo) aka Snake Fist Fighter is a 1979 martial arts film directed by Mu Chu and starring Jackie Chan. It is often cited as being produced in 1971 1973 1974 or 1981. The original footage was filmed in 1971 and released in 1973 as Little Tiger of Canton. The re-edited version entitled Master with Cracked Fingers was not actually released until 1979.
 Arabella is an Italian film comedy in the English language starring Virna Lisi Terry-Thomas and James Fox. It was directed by Mauro Bolognini.The film is a comic farce set in Italy in the 1960s playing-off the interaction between English and Italian stereotypes.[citation needed]
 The Ape is a 1940 American horror film made for Monogram Pictures co-written by Curt Siodmak and starring Boris Karloff.
 El Heroico Bonifacio is a 1951 Argentine film.
 The Sea and Poison (海と毒薬 Umi to Dokuyaku) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Kei Kumai and based on a novel by Shusaku Endo.
 The Great Kilapy (Portuguese: O Grande Kilapy) is a 2012 comedy-drama film directed by Zézé Gamboa. The film was an international co-production between companies in Angola Brazil and Portugal.
 Billy & Mandy: Wrath of the Spider Queen is the second made-for-TV movie from The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy. The movie first aired on Cartoon Network on July 6 2007. The film is a sequel to Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure.
 Novel Romance is an art-house romantic comedy 2006 film directed by Emily Skopov in her feature film directorial debut. It stars Traci Lords Paul Johansson and Sherilyn Fenn. The film was shot in 2004 in Venice Los Angeles California USA and premiered on October 8 2006 at the 2nd Annual LA Femme Film Festival.
 North West Mounted Police is a 1940 American adventure film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper and Madeleine Carroll. Written by Alan Le May Jesse Lasky Jr. and C. Gardner Sullivan and based on the 1938 novel The Royal Canadian Mounted Police by R. C. Fetherstonhaugh the film is about a Texas Ranger who joins forces with the North-West Mounted Police to put down a rebellion in the north-west prairies of Canada.
 Aelita (Russian: Аэлита) also known as Aelita: Queen of Mars is a silent film directed by Soviet filmmaker Yakov Protazanov made at the Mezhrabpom-Rus film studio and released in 1924. It was based on Alexei Tolstoy's novel of the same name.
 The Undying Monster is a 1942 horror and mystery film also known as The Hammond Mystery featuring a werewolf as the primary antagonist. The movie was directed by John Brahm and is based on the 1936 novel by Jessie Douglas Kerruish.
 Love and Death is a 1975 comedy film by Woody Allen. It is a satire on Russian literature starring Allen and Diane Keaton as Boris and Sonja Russians living during the Napoleonic Era who engage in mock-serious philosophical debates. Allen considered it the funniest film he had made to that time.
 The Pipe (Irish: An Píopa) is a 2010 Irish documentary film about the Shell to Sea campaign.
 Bunks is a 2013 Canadian film broadcast by Disney XD Canada. It was distributed by Astral Company and Fresh TV. It includes actors Dylan Schmid Atticus Dean Mitchell Leigh Truant Aidan Shipley and more. It was broadcast on October 27 2013. It was filmed in Winnipeg.
 The Crab Game (Turkish: Yengeç Oyunu) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Ali Özgentürk.
 Skyscraper (Danish: Skyskraber) is a 2011 Danish drama film written and directed by Rune Schjøtt.
 Christmas in Wonderland is a 2007 comedy film about three children who move with their father from Los Angeles to Edmonton Alberta where they catch a group of counterfeiters while Christmas shopping.
 Varnam is a Tamil drama film directed by Raju S. M. starring Giridharan Monica Sampath Raj Aathish Aswatha and Vijay Sethupathi in the lead roles. Varnam is the story of seventeen-year-old Mani learning that privilege and prejudice have a price. Mani's uncle Durai exploits the helpless lower caste farmers. Mani's teacher Kavitha questions Mani's prejudices. His inner turmoil and violent consequences of his casual acts form rest of the story.
 Beating Heart (French: Battement de coeur) is a 1940 French film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Danielle Darrieux and Claude Dauphin.It tells the story of a young woman escaping from reform school who tries to steal a foreign ambassador's watch but ends up falling in love with him.The film was remade as Heartbeat (1946) with Ginger Rogers and Basil Rathbone.
 Young and Dangerous 5 (simplified Chinese: 98古惑仔之龙争虎斗; traditional Chinese: 98古惑仔之龍爭虎鬥) is a 1998 Hong Kong triad film. It is the fourth and final sequel in the Young and Dangerous film series.
 Cavalli si nasce is a 1988 Italian comedy film written and directed by cartoonist Sergio Staino. The film won the Silver Ribbon for Best Score.
 Pestalozzi's Mountain (German: Pestalozzis Berg) is a 1989 East German–Swiss drama film directed by Peter von Gunten. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Grand Canary is a 1934 Fox film of A. J. Cronin's novel of the same title. The film was produced by Jesse L. Lasky and directed by Irving Cummings.
 I love you in all the languages in the world is a 2005 film directed by and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni.
 New Year's Eve is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall. Like Valentine's Day Marshall's previous film it depicts a series of holiday vignettes of the state of several romances and features a large ensemble cast.
 Sob o Céu da Bahia is a 1956 Brazilian adventure film directed by Ernesto Remani. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Margaret (/mɑːɡəˈrɛt/) is a 2011 drama film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan. The film stars Anna Paquin Matt Damon Mark Ruffalo Kieran Culkin Olivia Thirlby and Rosemarie DeWitt.
 Live Show originally titled Toro is a Filipino film directed and written by Jose Javier Reyes.
 United Six is a Bollywood film directed by Vishal Aryan Singh. The film stars Parvathy Omanakuttan Daisy Bopanna Pooja Sharma Luna Lahkar Mahi etc. The film has music by Pritam and C. G. Patel. The film is produced by White House Productions Ltd
 Osey Ramulamma is a 1997 Telugu film based on a women rebellion in Telangana region. It is directed by Dasari Narayana Rao. It has Vijayashanti Dasari Narayana Rao in the lead cast.
 Heroine is a 2005 Spanish drama film directed by Gerardo Herrero. It stars Adriana Ozores as Pilar.
 Every Breath U Take is 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Mae Czarina Cruz and starring Piolo Pascual and Angelica Panganiban. It is produced and released by Star Cinema. The film was released domestically on May 16 2012.
 Richard Pryor: Live & Smokin' is the first stand-up act of Richard Pryor to be filmed out of the four that were released in total. This film was filmed in 1971 but not released until 1985 on VHS. This was the first stand-up act that Pryor did before he hit the mainstream audience. With only 48 minutes of footage it is the shortest of Pryor's stand-up routines.
 Punisher: War Zone is a 2008 comic book action film directed by Lexi Alexander; based on the fictional Marvel Comics vigilante/anti-hero the Punisher. It is the third film to depict the Marvel character Frank Castle (the Punisher).
 A Country Hero is a 1917 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film is considered to be lost.
 Hunting Season (Turkish: Av Mevsimi) is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Yavuz Turgul which stars Şener Şen and Cem Yılmaz as two policemen who team up with a rookie to investigate a murder case. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 3 2010 (2010-12-03) was one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2010 and was released in six European countries in addition to Turkey.
 Lakshmi Narasimha is a super hit Telugu film which stars Balakrishna Asin Prakash Raj and K. Viswanath. Jayant Paranji (of Premante Idera fame) directed this film. It is a remake of the 2003 Tamil Mega hit movie Saamy starred Vikram and Trisha. The film was remade into Telugu language even though the original Tamil version Saamy was dubbed into Telugu as Saamy IPS. The film was released on January 14 2004 to positive reviews.
 A Royal Divorce is a 1926 British historical drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Gwylim Evans Gertrude McCoy and Lillian Hall-Davis. It was based on a play by C.C. Collingham and depicts the romantic relationship and political divorce between Napoleon and his wife Josephine. It was remade as a sound film A Royal Divorce in 1938.
 Einstein's Brain is a 1994 documentary by Kevin Hull following Japanese professor Kenji Sugimoto in his search for Albert Einstein's brain. It is produced by BBC Films.
 Hum Intezaar Karenge is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Prabhat Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Vinod Mehra Jagdeep Shakti Kapoor Vinod Mehra Shafi Inamdar and Dina Pathak.
 Nineteen Eighty-Four also known as 1984 is a 1984 British dystopian film written for the screen and directed by Michael Radford based upon George Orwell's novel of the same name. Starring John Hurt Richard Burton Suzanna Hamilton and Cyril Cusack the film follows the life of Winston Smith in Oceania a country run by a totalitarian government.The film is dedicated to Burton's memory as this was his last acting role; he died in Switzerland two months prior to the British premiere.
 Trapped in the Closet is a 2007 musical comedy-drama film directed by R. Kelly and Jim Swaffield and written by Kelly based on the song of the same name. Released in August 21 2007 the film follows protagonist Sylvester a man who in order not to get caught cheating decides to hide in his affair's closet.
 Faustina is a 1968 Italian comedy film. It represents the directorial debut of Luigi Magni and the debut title of actress Vonetta McGee.
 City on Fire (simplified Chinese: 龙虎风云; traditional Chinese: 龍虎風雲; pinyin: Lóng hǔ fēng yún) is a 1987 Hong Kong crime film written produced and directed by Ringo Lam and starring Chow Yun-fat Danny Lee and Sun Yueh. Following A Better Tomorrow (1986) it helped establish Chow's popularity as an action star in Asia and to a lesser degree North America.
 Chukkallo Chandrudu is a 2006 Telugu film released on 14 January 2006 and was directed by debutant Siva Kumar one of Mani Ratnam's associates. The film has Siddharth Narayan Sadha Saloni Aswani Charmme Kaur and Akkineni Nageswara Rao playing important roles. The film story lines nearly equals to Jagapati Babu's film Allari Premikudu.
 Tora-san's Dream of Spring (男はつらいよ 寅次郎春の夢 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Haru no Yume) aka Torasan Dreams Springtime is a 1979 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kyōko Kagawa as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Dream of Spring is the twenty-fourth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Kolai Nokku Paarvai is an upcoming Tamil thriller film directed by JS Nandhini being her second directorial after Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru. The movie has Karthik Kumar and Radhika Apte in the leading roles. The movie is produced by Ravindar Chandrasekaran under the banner of Libra Productions.
 Diario segreto da un carcere femminile (internationally released as Women in Cell Block 7) is a 1973 Italian women in prison film written and directed by Rino Di Silvestro. It represents the directorial debut of Di Silvestro and the first Italian women in prison film.
 Fast Future Generation is a rockumentary DVD featuring Good Charlotte on tour in Japan. It was made and produced by Marvin Scott Jarrett in the fall of 2005. The DVD was released on December 26 2006. It includes concert footage interviews and behind the scenes footage of Good Charlotte making their way through Japan.
 Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior is a 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Brenda Song and Shin Koyamada.
 Fūsoku 40 metres (風速４０米 Fūsoku yonjū mētoru) literally windspeed 40 metres is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara.
 It is a 1927 silent romantic comedy film which tells the story of a shop girl who sets her sights on the handsome and wealthy boss of the department store where she works. Because of this film actress Clara Bow became a major star of the highest magnitude and a result became known as the It girl. The film had its world premiere in Los Angeles on January 14 1927 followed by a New York showing on February 5 1927. It was released to the general public on February 19 1927.
 Wolf Blood also known as Wolfblood: A Tale of the Forest is a silent 1925 werewolf film starring George Chesebro who also directed it.
 Covert One: The Hades Factor (a.k.a. Robert Ludlum's Covert One: The Hades Factor The Hades Factor) is a made-for-TV thriller filmed in Toronto that first aired in 2006. Directed by Mick Jackson the miniseries is loosely based on The Hades Factor a 2000 novel written by Gayle Lynds as part of the Covert-One series created by Robert Ludlum.
 Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice is a 2002 American sports film starring Stephen Baldwin and Gary Busey and directed by Steve Boyum. The direct-to-video film is the sequel to the 1977 film Slap Shot. The film has been universally panned by critics and fans of the original movie.
 My Heart Sings (Italian: Anema e core) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.
 It Runs in the Family (released on DVD as My Summer Story) is a 1994 film that follows the further adventures of Ralphie Parker and his family from the holiday hit A Christmas Story. Like the previous film it is based on semi-autobiographical stories by Jean Shepherd primarily from his book In God We Trust All Others Pay Cash.The opening of It Runs in the Family makes direct reference to the events of A Christmas Story and the ending narration strongly parallels that of the earlier film.
 The North Star (also known as Armored Attack in the US) is a 1943 war film produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was directed by Lewis Milestone written by Lillian Hellman and featured production design by William Cameron Menzies. The film starred Anne Baxter Dana Andrews Walter Huston Walter Brennan and Erich von Stroheim. The music was written by Aaron Copland the lyrics by Ira Gershwin and the cinematography was by James Wong Howe.
 Hard Guy is a 1941 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.The film is also known as Professional Bride in the United Kingdom.
 Mitti Wajaan Maardi (translation: The Soil Beckons) is a Punjabi film directed by Manmohan Singh.
 Assa (Асса) is a Soviet film directed by Sergei Solovyov and released in 1987. It became a cult film mostly thanks to the fact that it was one of the films that brought Russian rock music from the underground into the mainstream. Solovyov made a sequel to the film twenty years later 2-ASSA-2.
 Four Jacks is a 2001 Australian action film.The movie won best film best male director and best male actor at the 2001 Melbourne Underground Film Festival.
 Rasputin and the Empress is a 1932 film about Imperial Russia starring the Barrymore siblings (John as Prince Chegodieff; Ethel as Czarina Alexandra; and Lionel Barrymore as Grigori Rasputin).
 Smashed is a 2012 American drama film directed by James Ponsoldt written by Ponsoldt and Susan Burke and starring Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Aaron Paul. The film premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival on January 22 2012 and won the U.S. Dramatic Special Jury Prize for Excellence in Independent Film Producing. On February 5 the film was picked up by Sony Pictures Classics and was released on October 12 2012.
 Lottery Ticket is a 2010 comedy film directed by Erik White and starring Bow Wow Brandon T. Jackson Naturi Naughton Keith David Charlie Murphy Gbenga Akinnagbe Loretta Devine and Ice Cube in lead roles. The storyline is based on the life of Kevin Carson who wins the $370 million lottery and soon realizes that people from the city are not his real friends but are after his money. The film released on August 20 2010.
 How Wings Are Attached to the Backs of Angels is a 1996 animated short by Canadian animator Craig Welch produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).While Welch's first film with the NFB 1992's No Problem was influenced by the comic style of NFB animators Cordell Barker and Richard Condie How Wings Are Attached to the Backs of Angels marked a distinct change in artistic direction exploring such darker themes as death and desire in a style that has been called surrealistic. Welch has stated that one of the original influences for the film was Arnold Böcklin's painting Isle of the Dead as well as Norman McLaren's 1946 NFB animated short A Little Phantasy on a 19th-century Painting which incorporates the Böcklin work.
 The Green Glove (aka The White Road) is a 1952 French/American international co-production film noir directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Glenn Ford Geraldine Brooks Sir Cedric Hardwicke and George Macready.
 Caustic Zombies is an independent horror film written and directed by Johnny Daggers. It was filmed in Latrobe and Ligonier Pennsylvania. The film premiered on July 22 2011 at the Hollywood Theater in Dormont Pennsylvania.
 Dhruva (Kannada: ಧ್ರುವ) is a 2002 Kannada action film directed and co-written by M. S. Ramesh along with R. Rajashekar. The film features Darshan and Sherin in the lead roles whilst Om Puri plays an important role.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by Gurukiran.
 Two Happy Hearts (Italian: Due cuori felici) is a 1932 Italian comedy film directed by Baldassarre Negroni and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 The Lone Wolf Keeps a Date (1941) is the fifth Lone Wolf film produced by Columbia Pictures. It features Warren William in his fourth performance as the title detective Lone Wolf and Edward Gargan Lester Matthews and Don Beddoe as the film's antagonists.
 Auggie Rose also known as Beyond Suspicion is a 2001 drama film starring Jeff Goldblum and Anne Heche. It was originally shown on Cinemax and then released on video with the title Beyond Suspicion before a limited theatrical release in San Francisco and Los Angeles California.
 The Only Thrill is a 1997 film directed by Peter Masterson. It stars Diane Keaton and Sam Shepard.
 Tuya's Marriage is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Wang Quan'an.
 Finding John Christmas is a 2003 television movie that first aired on CBS. The film is a sequel to the 2001 television movie A Town Without Christmas.
 I Take This Oath is a 1940 American film directed by Sam Newfield for Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC). It was PRC's first release.The film is also known as Police Rookie (US TV title).
 Los Marziano is a 2010 Argentine film about a reunion between two brothers after a long period of estrangement. Filming began on February 15 2010.
 Call Me Claus is a television movie starring Whoopi Goldberg. The movie involves Santa Claus (Nigel Hawthorne) who needs a replacement Santa after serving his 200-year reign. He decides on Lucy Collins (Whoopi Goldberg) an eccentric grouchy shopping network executive who hires him to promote Christmas decorations and presents on the network.
 Betrayal (also known as Lady Jayne: Killer) is a thriller film released in 2003. The film stars Erika Eleniak Julie du Page Adam Baldwin James Remar and Louis Mandylor.
 Forest Of The Dead is a 2007 horror film directed by Brian Singleton starring Chris Anderson and Brandi Boulet.
 Good Luck Charlie It's Christmas! (called Good Luck Charlie The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie. The film was directed by Arlene Sanford and written by Geoff Rodkey and stars Bridgit Mendler Leigh-Allyn Baker Bradley Steven Perry Mia Talerico Eric Allan Kramer and Jason Dolley as the Duncan family.
 Vanina Vanini also known as The Betrayer is a 1961 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini. It is based on Stendhal's 1829 novella of the same name.
 Forgetting June is a 2013 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka starring Majid Michel Beverly Naya and Mbong Amata.
 Eastern Promises is a 2007 British crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg from a screenplay written by Steven Knight. The film stars Viggo Mortensen Naomi Watts and Vincent Cassel and tells a story of a British midwife's interactions with the Russian Mafia in London. Principal photography began November 2006 in locations in and around London.
 Once Upon a Time There Lived a Simple Woman (Russian: Жила-была одна баба; Zhila-byla odna baba) is a 2011 film by writer/director Andrey Smirnov. It tells the story of a Russian peasant woman (baba) between 1909 and 1921.
 Revenge of the Snakes or (Turkish language: Yılanların öcü) is a 1962 Turkish realist drama film directed by Metin Erksan and based on a novel by Fakir Baykurt. The film covered issues of an unwanted pregnancy in a small farming village and addressed numerous moral and social issues. The film was remade in 1985.
 The Sorcerer and the White Snake previously known as It's Love and Madame White Snake is a 2011 film directed by Ching Siu-tung and starring Jet Li. It is based on the Chinese Legend of the White Snake. Production started in September 10 2010 and ended on January 16 2011. The film will be in 3-D and was shown out of competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival on 3 September 2011. It was released in China on 28 September 2011 and Hong Kong on 29 September.
 Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama film directed co-written produced by and starring Orson Welles. The picture was Welles' first feature film. The film was nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories; it won an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) by Herman Mankiewicz and Welles.
 Squeaks and Squawks is a 1920 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 A Woman of Paris is a feature-length silent film that debuted in 1923. The film an atypical drama film for its creator was written directed produced and later scored by Charlie Chaplin. It is also known as A Woman of Paris: A Drama of Fate.
 Displaced Persons is a 1985 Australian TV movie about refugees arriving in Australia in 1945.It was the first script written by Louis Nowra who was inspired by a book he read about displaced people in Australia after World War Two. He wrote it in three days and sent it to the ABC who agreed to make it.The movie was well received and Nowra went on to write a number of works for the ABC.
 The Wog Boy 2: Kings of Mykonos is a 2010 Australian motion picture comedy sequel to the 2000 film The Wog Boy starring Nick Giannopoulos Vince Colosimo and Costas Kilias. It was released in Australia on 20 May 2010 and UK on 7 January 2011.
 El Sicario Room 164 is a 2010 documentary film directed by Gianfranco Rosi and based on an article by Charles Bowden.
 See Jane Date is a romantic comedy film released on August 16 2003 by ABC Family. It is based on the book of the same name written by Melissa Senate.
 MacArthur is a 1977 American biographical war film directed by Joseph Sargent and starring Gregory Peck in the eponymous role as American General of the Army Douglas MacArthur.
 Sergeants 3 is a 1962 remake of Gunga Din (1939) set in the American West directed by John Sturges and featuring Rat Pack icons Frank Sinatra Dean Martin Sammy Davis Jr. Peter Lawford and Joey Bishop. It was the last film to feature all five members of the Rat Pack due to Sinatra's falling out with Lawford and later Bishop.
 Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan is a 1978 Hindi Language film directed by Saeed Akhtar Mirza and starring Dilip Dhawan Anjali Paigankar Sriram Lagoo and Om Puri.
 Master of the World is a 1961 science fiction film based upon the Jules Verne novels Robur the Conqueror and its sequel Master of the World. The movie was written by Richard Matheson directed by William Witney and features Vincent Price Charles Bronson and Henry Hull.
 'Miss 139' is a 1921 silent film crime drama produced by A. H. Fischer Inc. and distributed by Jans Film Service and Sherman Productions Corporation. B. A. Rolfe was the director and Charles Logue wrote the story and the screenplay. Its star Diana Allen had been a Ziegfeld girl.
 Bewaqoof (Hindi: बेवक़ूफ़ translation: Idiot) is a 1960 Indian film.
 Transsiberian is a 2008 Spanish-German-British-Lithuanian thriller film set on the Trans-Siberian Railway in which an American couple's journey from China to Russia becomes a nightmare after they befriend a pair of fellow travellers.It was directed by Brad Anderson and stars Woody Harrelson Emily Mortimer and Ben Kingsley. Filming began in December 2006 in Vilnius Lithuania with additional photography in Beijing and Russia.
 Posse is a 1975 Western film produced by directed by and starring Kirk Douglas. The screenplay was written by Christopher Knopf and William Roberts. The plot centers on a U.S. marshal with political ambitions leading an elite posse in pursuit of a notorious bank robber to further his political career. The film premiered in New York City on June 4 1975 and in June the same year in Berlin at the 25th Berlin International Film Festival where Douglas also was nominated for the Golden Bear.
 Madreselva is a 1938 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires and starred Hugo del Carril and Libertad Lamarque.
 Petualangan Sherina (English: Sherina’s Adventure) is an Indonesian musical film released in 2000. It was directed by Riri Riza and starred Didi Petet Mathias Muchus Ratna Riantiarno and Butet Kertaradjasa. The screenplay was written by Jujur Prananto with music arranged by Elfa Secioria.
 Tattooed Life (刺青一代 Irezumi ichidai) is a 1965 yakuza action movie directed by Seijun Suzuki. The film stars Hideki Takahashi as Silver Fox Tetsu. The story follows the flight of yakuza hitman Tetsu and his younger artistic brother Kenji after the latter kills a yakuza boss in a double cross. The pair is pursued by the yakuza and police as they head for Manchuria.
 Il frullo del passero also known as The Sparrow's Fluttering is a 1988 Italian romance drama film directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi.The theme song Felicità by Lucio Dalla and Mauro Malavasi won the David di Donatello for best original song.
 The Three Marias (Portuguese: As Três Marias) is a 2002 Brazilian-Italian crime drama film directed by Aluizio Abranches. Set in Pernambuco it tells the story of a woman (played by Marieta Severo) who takes revenge on her former lover and his family with the help of her three daughters all named Maria.The film was screened in the HBF Harvest section of the 44th International Film Festival Rotterdam and in the Panorama section of the 52nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Prarambha (Kannada:ಪ್ರಾರಂಭ translation: Beginning) is a 2007 Indian short film directed by Santosh Sivan and funded by Bill Gates foundation. The film stars Prabhu Deva Skandha and B. Saroja Devi in the lead roles.The movie premiered at Toronto International Film Festival in 2007.The movie screened for the first time in India on 1 December 2007 at 38th International Film Festival of India.
 Betrayal is a 1978 telemovie directed by Paul Wendkos and starring Rip Torn and Lesley Ann Warren based on a non-fiction book by Julie Roy with Lucy Freedman.
 Shanghai Story (Chinese: 美丽上海; literally Beautiful Shanghai) is a 2004 Chinese film directed by Peng Xiaolian. A family drama the film was the surprise winner of the 19th Golden Rooster Awards in China where it won best picture over the heavily favored House of Flying Daggers. The film's win was also surprising given that the story according to Arthur Jones of Variety included references to the Cultural Revolution which is still a sore subject for Chinese censors.
 Zinda Dil is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Sikandar Khanna.
 Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American fantasy drama film directed by Benh Zeitlin and adapted by Zeitlin and Lucy Alibar from Alibar's one-act play Juicy and Delicious. After playing at film festivals it was released on June 27 2012 in New York and Los Angeles and later expanded wider.
 Baby Doll is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Hoop-La is a 1933 American pre-code drama film starring Clara Bow in what was her final film role. It was directed by Frank Lloyd and released by Fox Film Corporation with Preston Foster Richard Cromwell and Minna Gombell also in the cast. The film is based on the play The Barker by Kenyon Nicholson which was also filmed in 1928 under the same title as the play. A version restored by the Museum of Modern Art was shown at the 2011 Classic Film Festival in Hollywood during the spring.
 The final battles of the European Theatre of World War II as well as the German surrender to the Western Allies and the Soviet Union took place in late April and early May 1945.
 Aryan is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film action drama film directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal Ramya Krishnan Sharat Saxena Shobana Sreenivasan Gavin Packard M. G. Soman and Goga Kapoor. Aryan tells the tale of underworld battle and emotional family bonds.
 Remember the Daze is a 2007 drama film released in theaters in April 2008. The film was directed by Jess Manafort.
 The Work and the Glory: American Zion is the sequel to the 2004 film The Work and the Glory and continues the struggle of the Steed family's conversion to the then new Mormon religion. The film also explores the family's relationship with their community and its founder Joseph Smith.This movie is based on Like a Fire Is Burning the second novel by Gerald N. Lund in the nine-part Work and the Glory series.[citation needed]
 The Believer is a 2001 American drama film co-written (with Mark Jacobson) and directed by Henry Bean. The film stars Ryan Gosling as Daniel Balint a Jew who becomes a Neo-Nazi. It won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival and the Golden St.
 Hollywood and Vine is a 1945 American film directed by Alexis Thurn-Taxis starring the dog who played Daisy in Columbia's Blondie film series.The film is also known as Daisy Goes Hollywood in the United Kingdom and as Happily Ever After in the USA.
 Walk and Talk is a 2009 computer- animated short film produced by WaterMelon Studios Kochi. The film is directed jointly by Binoy Mathew and Sajeev Kumar. The short’s premiere took place at The Third International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (idsffk) 2010 in the competition section of animation films.
 California Dreamin' (endless) (Romanian: California Dreamin' (nesfârșit)) is a 2007 Romanian film by Cristian Nemescu. It won the Prix un certain regard at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It also picked up the Iris Award for Best Film the Audience Award and the Canvas Award at the Brussels European Film Festival 2007. The film is also sometimes called Endless in English nesfârșit being Romanian for endless.The director died before editing was completed.
 Rio is a 1939 American film directed by John Brahm starring Basil Rathbone and Victor McLaglen.
 Sin by Silence is a domestic violence documentary film by Olivia Klaus that offers a unique gateway into the lives of women who are the tragedies living worst-case scenarios and survivors - women who have killed their abusive husbands. Based on the first inmate-initiated and led support group in the entire United States prison system the film reveals the history and stories of the members of the group Convicted Women Against Abuse created by inmate Brenda Clubine in 1989.
 Amour d'Enfants a film by Lebanese director Fares Khalil is a 2008 Lebanese film. It is a romantic comedy dealing with Lebanese social issues.
 A Woman Commands is a 1932 film. It lost $265000.
 The Children's Storefront is a 1988 American short documentary film directed by Karen Goodman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Love on Delivery (破壞之王; aka. King of Destruction) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Stephen Chow and Lee Lik-Chi based on the Japanese manga HAKAIOU NORITAKA starring Stephen Chow Christy Chung and Ng Man Tat.
 Goosebumps is an upcoming 2015 American children's horror fantasy film directed by Rob Letterman and written by Mike White and Darren Lemke. It is based on the children's book series of the same name by R. L. Stine. The film stars Jack Black Dylan Minnette Odeya Rush Amy Ryan Jillian Bell and Ryan Lee. The film is scheduled to be released on August 7 2015.
 Tora-san's Grand Scheme (新・男はつらいよ Shin Otoko wa Tsurai yo) is a 1970 Japanese comedy film directed by Shun'ichi Kobayashi. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Kuruma Torajirō (Tora-san) and Komaki Kurihara as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Grand Scheme is the fourth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Tamarind Seed is a 1974 American-British romantic drama film written and directed by Blake Edwards and starring Julie Andrews and Omar Sharif. Based on the 1971 novel The Tamarind Seed by Evelyn Anthony the film is about a British Home Office functionary and a Soviet air attaché who are lovers involved in Cold War intrigue. The Tamarind Seed was the first film produced by Lorimar Productions. The film score was composed by John Barry.
 Lucky Jokers is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film written by Saju Kodiyan directed by Sunil and produced by D. Ramesh Babu under the banner of V. Ravichandran's Aascar Films. The cast includes Anoop Menon Suraj Venjaramoodu Jagathy Sreekumar Ajmal Ameer Jagadeesh Harishree Ashokan Madhu Janardhanan Vidisha Indrans Jaffer Idukki Saju Kodiyan and Vadivelu. The film reached theatres on 29 April 2011.
 Armadillo is a Danish documentary film about Danish soldiers in the war in Afghanistan. The film follows a group of soldiers from the Guard Hussars (Horse Cavalry) regiment who are on their first mission in Helmand Province at a forward operating base near Gereshk named FOB Armadillo. The film premièred at the Cannes Film Festival in 2010.
 States of Grace (also known as God's Army 2: States of Grace) is a 2005 drama film by Richard Dutcher which tells the story of two Mormon missionaries in Santa Monica California. It is a sequel to Dutcher's God's Army.
 Dog Jack is a 2010 film based on the book of the same name by Florence W. Biros. The story is based on the true story of the mascot of the 102nd Pennsylvania RegimentThe story revolves around an escaped slave boy named Jed (Benjamin Gardner) who joins the Union Army during the American Civil War.
 Life Happens (stylized L!fe Happens) is a 2011 comedy film directed by Kat Coiro and written by Coiro and Krysten Ritter. The film stars Ritter Kate Bosworth Kristen Johnston Geoff Stults Jason Biggs and Rachel Bilson. Ritter plays the main character Kim who lives with her two roommates Deena (Bosworth) and Laura (Bilson) in Los Angeles. Kim becomes pregnant after a one-night-stand so she turns to her friends for help. L!fe Happens opened in theaters on April 13 2012.
 Malli Malli Choodali is a 2002 Indian Telugu film written and directed by Pawans Sreedhar starring Venu Thottempudi and Janani in lead and the likes of Vizag Prasad 'Costumes' Krishna Sobha Rani Ali and Brahmanandam among others in supporting roles. The film released on 28 March 2002 and proved to be very unsuccessful at the box-office.
 Beneath Clouds is a 2002 film by Australian director Ivan Sen.Lena has an absent Irish father she longs to see and an Aboriginal mother she finds disgusting. When she breaks away she meets up with petty criminal Vaughn who's just escaped from low security prison to reluctantly visit his dying mother.Blonde and light-skinned Lena remains in denial about her Aboriginal heritage; Vaughn is an angry young man with a grudge against all whites.
 Enemies Among Us is a 2010 thriller film starring Billy Zane and Eric Roberts. It is the first film by the controversial director Dan Garcia who produced Death Toll and Sinners & Saints. Garcia plead guilty in 2013 to a Motion Picture Tax Scam after orchestrating a scheme to defraud the State of Louisiana’s Motion Picture Industry Development Tax Credit Program. Filming took place in Louisiana.
 Menage all'italiana is a 1965 Italian comedy film.
 Sila Nerangalil is a love thriller Tamil film starring Vincent Asokan and Navya Nair. It is the first Tamil film to be directed by prominent Malayalam director Jayaraj. The film opened to mixed reviews but was an immediate box office success reaching number two in the Tamil film charts in its first week of release.
 Nageswari is a 2001 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan. The film featured Ramya Krishnan in the title role alongside Karan and Vivek while Vadivelu plays a supporting role. The film which had music composed by S. A. Rajkumar released in January 2001.
 Desert Runners is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jennifer Steinman that follows a group of non-professional runners that attempt to complete 4 Deserts a series of ultramarathon races often considered the most difficult in the world. Their journeys take them through some of the world’s most beautiful places while pushing the limits of their minds and bodies. It provides a look into the mindset of endurance athletes and the ways in which humans deal with both heartbreak and achievement.
 Star Pilot (Italian: 2+5: Missione Hydra) is a 1965 Italian science-fiction film directed by Pietro Francisci. It stars Leonora Ruffo as Chaena the commander of a spaceship from the constellation Hydra which has crashed on the island of Sardinia. An Earth scientist and his companions are abducted by the aliens and forced to repair the ship and are then taken to Hydra for the purpose of genetic research.
 Nakharam (Malayalam: നഖരം; English: The Claw) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by T. Deepesh starring Ganesh Kumar Architha Madhupal Mamukkoya Jose Thettayil and Sreeletha. Written by Valasalan Vadhussery and produced by Ismail V. C. the film released in Kerala on January 7 2011. Jose Thettayil the current Minister for Transport in the Government of Kerala played the role of a judge in the film. It was the first DSLR feature film in India.
 French Film is a 2008 British comedy film directed by Jackie Oudney and starring Anne-Marie Duff Hugh Bonneville Victoria Hamilton Douglas Henshall and Eric Cantona. The film was shot in Spring 2007 at various locations around London including Waterloo station and the BFI Southbank.
 'If Only' Jim is a 1920 western silent film starring Harry Carey. The film is based on Philip Verrill Mighel's 1904 story Bruvver Jim's Baby. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 The Three Muscatels is a 1991 film starring Richard Pryor. The film is a comedic play on the more famous story of The Three Musketeers.
 Hip Hip Hurrah! (Swedish: Hip hip hurra! Norwegian: Hipp hipp hurra!) is a 1987 Danish-Norwegian-Swedish drama film directed by Kjell Grede. The film is named after the painting with the same name. At the 23rd Guldbagge Awards Grede won the award for Best Director and Lene Brøndum won the award for Best Actress.The film presents the general background of the Skagen Painters and everything that attracted them to gather in Skagen but it is P.S.
 The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks (Russian: Необычайные приключения мистера Веста в стране Большевиков) is a 1924 film by Soviet director Lev Kuleshov. It is notable as the first Soviet film that explicitly challenges American stereotypes about Soviet Russia.
 Veerta is an Indian film directed by Shibu Mitra and released in 1993. The movie stars Prosenjit Chatterjee Sunny Deol Jayaprada Shanti Priya Shakti Kapoor Prem Chopra and Neena Gupta.
 Le Pays de la Sagouine is an Acadian celebration in Bouctouche New Brunswick Canada founded by Antonine Maillet.
 Gunda Gardi is a 1997 Bollywood film directed by V.Sai Prasad and produced by MC Bokadia starring Dharmendra and Raj Babbar in lead roles and Vijayashanti Ayub Khan Simran and Aditya Pancholi in supporting roles. It didn't do well at the box office but its songs composed by Jatin Lalit were huge hits.
 Dear Jesse is a 1998 American documentary film by Tim Kirkman that was released theatrically by Cowboy Pictures in 1998.Using a first-person narrative style in the form of a letter to Senator Jesse Helms (R-NC) the filmmaker explores the parallels and differences between himself — an openly gay man — and the staunchly anti-gay rights public servant.
 China Corsair is a 1951 adventure film directed by Ray Nazarro starring Jon Hall and Lisa Ferraday and released by Columbia Pictures. It was the film debut of Ernest Borgnine.
 The Creeper is a 1948 film.
 The Assignment is a 1997 spy thriller film directed by Christian Duguay and starring Aidan Quinn in two roles Donald Sutherland and Ben Kingsley. The film written by Dan Gordon and Sabi H. Shabtai is set mostly in the late 1980s and deals with a CIA plan to use Quinn's character to masquerade as the terrorist Carlos the Jackal.
 First Love Letter is a 1991 Indian film directed by Shiva. It stars Vivek Mushran and Manisha Koirala and Chunky Pandey.
 Mooi Juultje van Volendam is a 1924 Dutch silent film directed by Alex Benno.
 Rookie of the Year is a 1993 American sports comedy film starring Thomas Ian Nicholas and Gary Busey as players for the Chicago Cubs baseball team.The cast also includes Albert Hall Dan Hedaya Eddie Bracken Amy Morton Bruce Altman John Gegenhuber Neil Flynn Daniel Stern (who also directed) and an uncredited John Candy.
 Nine Months is a 1995 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Columbus. It stars Hugh Grant Julianne Moore Tom Arnold Joan Cusack Jeff Goldblum and Robin Williams. The movie is a US remake of the French movie Neuf mois and served as Grant's first US starring role. It was filmed on location in the San Francisco Bay Area. The original music score was composed by Hans Zimmer.
 The Unknown Man is a 1951 courtroom drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Walter Pidgeon Ann Harding and Barry Sullivan.
 Live House is a 2009 documentary film directed by Kevin McGue. The film includes interviews with Minutemen founder Mike Watt Red Bacteria Vacuum and other Japanese underground bands.The documentary explores the underground rock music scene in Japan in which bands play at venues called live houses which differ from live music venues in other countries.
 Rosie! is a 1967 comedy film directed by David Lowell Rich based on Ruth Gordon's play A Very Rich Woman.
 The Playboys is a 1992 Irish film directed by Gillies MacKinnon and starring Albert Finney Aidan Quinn and Robin Wright. The plot follows an unwed young mother whose life is transformed with the arrival of a travelling troupe of actors to her Irish village. The script was written by Shane Connaughton an Oscar nominee for My Left Foot. The film was shot in his native village Redhills in County Cavan Ireland.
 EDtv is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Ron Howard. An adaptation of the Quebec film Louis 19 le roi des ondes (1994) it stars Matthew McConaughey Jenna Elfman Woody Harrelson Ellen DeGeneres Martin Landau Rob Reiner Sally Kirkland Elizabeth Hurley Clint Howard and Dennis Hopper.The film was screened out of competition at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anumati is a 2013 Marathi film directed and written by Gajendra Ahire. The film stars Vikram Gokhale and Neena Kulkarni in the lead roles. The film has received wide critical acclaim. It won the Best Feature Film Award at the New York Indian Film Festival and Gokhale received National Film Award for Best Actor for his role.
 Night Pastor is a short horror film directed by Alex Chandon and stars Neil Keenan and Matt Russel.
 Danger Signal is a 1945 film noir starring Faye Emerson and Zachary Scott. It was adapted from the novel of the same name by Phyllis Bottome.
 What Lies Beneath is a 2000 American supernatural horror drama film directed by Robert Zemeckis. It is the first film by ImageMovers. It stars Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer as a well-to-do couple who experience a strange haunting that uncovers secrets about their past.
 Towards Evening (Italian: Verso sera) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival. For her performance Zoe Incrocci was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actress and a Silver Ribbon in the same category. The film also won the David di Donatello for Best Film and the Nastro d'Argento for Best Actor (to Marcello Mastroianni).
 Touch of the Light is a 2012 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chang Jung-Chi. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Mailman Mueller (German: Briefträger Müller) is a 1953 West German film directed by John Reinhardt.
 Three Little Words is a 1950 American musical film biography of the Tin Pan Alley songwriting partnership of Kalmar and Ruby and stars Fred Astaire as lyricist Bert Kalmar Red Skelton as composer Harry Ruby along with Vera-Ellen and Arlene Dahl as their wives with Debbie Reynolds in a small but notable role as singer Helen Kane. The film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer was written by Academy Award winning screenwriter George Wells directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Jack Cummings.
 Rasputin is a forthcoming coming of age romantic comedy Malayalam film directed by Jinu G. Daniel. The film stars Vinay Forrt as the central character with Sreenath Bhasi Aju Varghese director Joy Mathew Vandana Menon and Archana Gupta. Rasputin is being produced by E.P. Varghese under the banner of Blue Moon Pictures Executive Producer Shaju Maniyadath. Cinematography is handled by Hari Nair from Mumbai.
 More than Honey is a 2012 Swiss documentary film directed by Markus Imhoof about honeybee colonies in California Switzerland China and Australia. The film was nominated for an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards.
 Booky Makes Her Mark is a made-for-TV movie that is based on the books by Bernice Thurman Hunter. This uplifting family film also features beloved Canadian actors Megan Follows (Anne of Green Gables) Roberta Maxwell and Lally Cadeau. Filmed in Hamilton Ontario Canada and set in Toronto this film features a young and diverse cast of Canadian actors and actresses.
 Cowboy is a 1966 American short documentary film directed by Michael Ahnemann and produced by Ahnemann and Gary Schlosser. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Inside Man is a 2006 American crime thriller film directed by Spike Lee and written by Russell Gewirtz. The film centers on an elaborate bank heist in Manhattan New York during a 24-hour period.
 Made in Japan: Kora! (MADE IN JAPAN 〜こらッ!〜) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Banmei Takahashi.
 Wicked (1931) is an American black and white prison melodrama musical film the story of woman who commits murder while trying to save her bandit husband and bears a child in prison. The movie is also known as Condannata in Italy and Malvada in Spain. The production dates were from early June to early July 1931.
 Papadopoulos & Sons is a British comedy-drama feature film written and directed by independent filmmaker Marcus Markou and self-distributed in the UK by Markou's own company Double M Films through Cineworld on April 5 2013. Cineworld initially agreed to distribute the film for one week only in a limited number of screens across the UK but due to unprecedented audience demand extended the run while expanding to more venues.
 Delta Padano is a 1951 Italian film.
 1: Nenokkadine is a 2014 Telugu psychological thriller film written and directed by Sukumar. The film was produced by Ram Achanta Gopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara under 14 Reels Entertainment. The film stars Mahesh Babu and Kriti Sanon in lead roles. After receiving an U/A certificate from Central Board of Film Certification with a pre-release revenue of 900 million (US$15 million) the film was released worldwide on 10 January 2014 in Dolby Atmos.
 Mädchen in Uniform (Girls in Uniform) is a 1958 German drama film directed by Géza von Radványi and based on the play (credited here as Ritter Nérestan) by Christa Winsloe. It was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival. It is a remake of the 1931 film.
 The Killing of a Chinese Bookie is a 1976 art and crime film directed and written by John Cassavetes and starring Ben Gazzara.A rough and gritty film the formidable character Gazzara plays was based on an impersonation he did for his friend Cassavetes in the 1970s. This is the second of their three collaborations following Husbands and preceding Opening Night.
 The Dream or Al-Manam (Arabic: المنام‎) is a 1987 Syrian documentary film by the director Mohammad Malas. The film is composed of a collection of interviews with Palestinian refugees in Lebanon during the civil war. The refugees were interviewed by Malas about what dreams they saw when they went to sleep. The film was shot between 1980–81 before the infamous massacre in Sabra and Shatila where part of the film was set. It was only released in 1987.
 The Uninvited is a 2008 American horror thriller film directed and written by Bob Badway and produced by Michael Emanuel Jasper Jan and Jim Stoddard. The film stars Marguerite Moreau Brittany Curran and Colin Hay in a tale about a young woman's cured fear of space relapsing in the return of her nightmarish past and the emergence of supernatural entities that come to haunt her remote house.
 Beethoven's Great Love (French title: Un grand amour de Beethoven US title: The Life and Loves of Beethoven) is a 1937 French film directed by Abel Gance. It stars Harry Baur (as Ludwig van Beethoven) Annie Ducaux Jany Holt Jane Marken Jean-Louis Barrault and Marcel Dalio.
 Licence to Kill released in 1989 is the sixteenth entry in the James Bond film series by Eon Productions and the first one not to use the title of an Ian Fleming story. It is the fifth in a row and last to be directed by John Glen. It also marks Timothy Dalton's second and final performance in the role of James Bond. The story has elements of two Ian Fleming short stories and a novel interwoven with aspects from Japanese Rōnin tales.
 Madamigella di Maupin is a 1965 Italian adventure film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It is loosely based on the novel with the same name by Théophile Gautier.
 The Courtship of Andy Hardy is a 1942 film part of the Andy Hardy series. It gave an early role to Donna Reed although Mickey Rooney had lobbied for then-wife Ava Gardner to have her part. Within a few months of the film's release she had filed for divorce.This was the 12th entry in the long-running Andy Hardy series of sixteen.
 Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa (English: Will you cross the skies?) is a 2010 Tamil romantic drama film directed and written by Gautham Vasudev Menon featuring Silambarasan Rajendar and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles. Also featuring the Malayalam super action star Babu Antony in a major and never seen before role.The film distributed by Udhayanidhi Stalin features a successful soundtrack composed by A. R. Rahman cinematography by Manoj Paramahamsa and editing by Anthony Gonsalves.
 The 14 is a 1973 British drama film directed by David Hemmings. It was also released as Existence and in the USA as The Wild Little Bunch. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear. Its plot concerns the fate of fourteen children orphaned after the death of their single mother.
 Saptasajya(1950) (Oriya: ସପ୍ତଶଯ୍ୟା) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Kalyan Gupta
 Priyamaina Neeku (English: To you my dear) is a Telugu film which was released in the year 2001. The cast includes Tarun Sivaji Preetha Vijayakumar and Sneha. This was simultaneously released in Tamil as Kadhal Sugamanathu with scenes of Pyramid Natrajan playing Tarun's father and Livingston playing the role of Ali.
 Rags is a still-surviving 1915 silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by James Kirkwood and starring Mary Pickford. It survives in various prints between the Library of Congress the George Eastman House and Cinematheque Francaise.Though a Zukor produced film the production was shot at Biograph Studios.
 Better Man was an Australian television drama mini-series which originally screened on SBS TV in July 2013 and replayed in February 2014. The four-part series was produced by Fremantle Media Australia in association with Bravado Productions. It was written and directed by Khoa Do and Produced by Stephen Corvini. It starred David Wenham Bryan Brown Claudia Karvan and newcomer Remy Hii. According to SBS Better Man had the most star studded lineup in the network's history.
 Sugarhouse is a British urban thriller movie starring Steven Mackintosh Ashley Walters Andy Serkis and Adam Deacon. The low-budget thriller is based around the stage play Collision. The film was released on August 24 2007.
 Our Lips Are Sealed is a 2000 direct-to-video film featuring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. The film was set and filmed in Sydney Australia.
 Le Mythe de la 5ème île is a 2007 documentary film directed by Mohamed Saïd Ouma. It was selected by the African Film Festival of Cordoba - FCAT.
 Son of Man (Hangul: 사람의 아들; RR: Sarameui adeul) is an award-winning 1980 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It is based on the same titled 1979 novel written by Yi Munyol.
 Privates on Parade is a 1982 film adaptation of the Peter Nichols play of the same title about a fictional - and mostly gay - military entertainment group the Song and Dance Unit Southeast Asia assembled to entertain the troops in the Malayan jungle during the Malayan Emergency
 Febbre da cavallo is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Steno and starring Gigi Proietti. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Meet John Doe is a 1941 American comedy drama film directed and produced by Frank Capra and starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck. The film is about a grassroots political campaign created unwittingly by a newspaper columnist and pursued by a wealthy businessman. It became a box office hit and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story. Though the film is less well known than other Frank Capra classics it remains highly regarded today. It was ranked #49 in AFI's 100 Years...
 Calvaire is a 2004 Belgian psychological horror film directed by Fabrice Du Welz starring Laurent Lucas Philippe Nahon and Jackie Berroyer.
 Ferdinand the Bull is a Walt Disney cartoon released on November 25 1938 by R.K.O. Radio Pictures. It was directed by Dick Rickard and based on the book The Story of Ferdinand by Munro Leaf. It is sometimes considered to be a Silly Symphonies cartoon.[citation needed]
 A Million Bid is a lost 1914 silent film drama produced by Vitagraph Company of America directed by Ralph Ince and starred Anita Stewart. It is based on a stage play Agnes by Gladys Rankin(1874-1914). Later filmed by Vitagraph's successor Warner Brothers in 1927 starring Dolores Costello.
 Warabi no kō (蕨野行) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Hideo Onchi.
 Jab We Met (English: When We Met) is a 2007 Hindi romantic comedy film directed and written by Imtiaz Ali. The film produced by Dhillin Mehta under Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd stars Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor in their fourth film together with Dara Singh Pawan Malhotra and Saumya Tandon in supporting roles.
 Something in the Wind is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by Irving Pichel and starring Deanna Durbin Donald O'Connor and John Dall. Based on a story by Fritz Rotter and Charles O'Neal the film is about the grandson of a recently deceased millionaire who mistakes a beautiful female disc jockey for her aunt who once dated his grandfather. This was O'Connor's first film after he returned from military service in World War II.
 Song of Nevada is a 1944 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 En la vía is a 1959 Argentine film.
 Arayannegalude Veedu is a Malayalam film written and directed by A. K. Lohithadas in 2000. It was commercially and critically celebrated.
 Kalavaadiya Pozhuthugal (English: Stolen Moments) is an upcoming Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Thangar Bachan. It stars Prabhu Deva and Bhumika Chawla in the lead roles while Prakash Raj Inbanila who acted in Thangar Bachan's earlier venture Onbadhu Roobai Nottu and Ganja Karuppu play supporting roles. Sathyaraj is expected to play a guest role as Periyar E. V. Ramasami reprising his role from Periyar.
 Song of Scheherazade is a 1947 American musical film directed by Walter Reisch. It tells the story of an imaginary episode in the life of the Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov (Nicky; Jean-Pierre Aumont) in 1865 when he was a young naval officer on shore leave in Morocco. It also features Yvonne De Carlo as a Spanish dancer named Cara de Talavera Eve Arden as her mother and Brian Donlevy as the ship's captain.
 Up in Central Park is a 1948 American musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin Dick Haymes and Vincent Price. Based on the play Up in Central Park by Herbert Fields with a screenplay by Karl Tunberg the film is about a newspaper reporter and the daughter of an immigrant maintenance man who help expose political corruption in New York City in the 1870s.
 George and the Dragon (alternative title: Dragon Sword) is a 2004 Sci-Fi Channel Historical fantasy film based in a medieval England and loosely based on the legend of Saint George and the Dragon.
 Baronessen fra benzintanken (The Baroness from the Gas Station) is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Maria Garland Ghita Nørby Dirch Passer and Ove Sprogøe.
 Making Babies (Swedish title: Hans och hennes) is a Swedish film from 2001 directed by Daniel Lind Lagerlöf.Johan and Anna-Karin live somewhere in the countryside. Despite attempts Anna-Karin can't get pregnant and the relationship with Johan is suffering because he never shoots.
 Vindication is independent film maker Bart Mastronardi's feature length psychological horror movie based on his award winning short. A morality tale about a young man whose attempt at suicide fails causing his guilt to manifest into reality. Vindication is completed and is now awaiting major film festival circuiting for 2009.
 Thathwamasi is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Viswa Chaithanya. Vineeth Lakshmi Gopalaswamy Master Dhananjay and Manikkuttan plays the lead roles in this film.
 The Hidden Power of the Dragon Sabre is a 1984 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. The film is a spinoff of Louis Cha's novel The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber.
 Bob le flambeur (Bob the Gambler or Bob the High Roller) is a 1956 French gangster film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. The film stars Roger Duchesne as Bob. It is often considered a film noir and precursor to the French New Wave because of its use of handheld camera and a single jump cut.
 Heleno is a 2011 Brazilian biographical drama film directed by José Henrique Fonseca a Brazilian film director. The film stars and was produced by Brazilian actor Rodrigo Santoro.
 Lokanathan IAS is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2005.
 Zus & Zo is a 2001 Dutch film directed by Paula van der Oest. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Pie-Eyed is a 1925 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 The Love Mart is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and featuring Boris Karloff. The film is lost.
 Gli Innocenti pagano is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Barry McKenzie Holds His Own is the 1974 sequel to the 1972 Australian comedy film The Adventures of Barry McKenzie.Returning from the original film is Barry Crocker in the title role as well as Barry Humphries in the role of Barry's aunt Dame Edna. Also returning in the director's chair is Bruce Beresford.
 Boystown (Spanish: Chuecatown) is a 2007 Spanish comedy film directed by Juan Flahn.
 Don McKay is a 2009 independent drama thriller film written and directed by Jake Goldberger and starring Thomas Haden Church and Elisabeth Shue. It premiered at the 8th Annual Tribeca Film Festival in April 2009 and received a limited release on April 2 2010.
 Bombay Beach is a 2011 documentary film directed and produced by Israeli filmmaker Alma Har'el. The film was nominated for an Independent Spirit Truer than Fiction Award won Best Feature Documentary at the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival and has been taught in several universities including Harvard’s Sensory Ethnography Lab and Film Center as a genre redefining work.
 The Informer is a 1929 British drama film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Lya De Putti Lars Hanson Warwick Ward and Carl Harbord. It was based on the novel The Informer by Liam O'Flaherty which was more famously adapted in the 1935 film The Informer. A man betrays his best friend a member of a terrorist organisation to the authorities and is then pursued by the other members of the organisation.
 The Liberation of Skopje is a 1981 Australian TV movie about the liberation of Skopje prison.
 Jatt & Juliet is a Punjabi romantic comedy directed by Anurag Singh and produced by Darshan Singh Grewal and Gunbir Singh Sidhu. The film stars Diljit Dosanjh opposite Neeru Bajwa. It was released to theaters on 29 June 2012. Upon release the film became a massive blockbuster at the box office and also won multiple awards at the PTC Film Awards 2013 including Best Film Best Director Best Actor and Best Actress.
 Puli Vesham is a 2011 Tamil-language action film written and directed by P. Vasu starring Karthik R. K. Sadha and newcomer Divya Vishwanath in lead roles. Puli Vesham released on 26 August 2011 to moderate reviews.
 The Dawn Fraser Story is a documentary about Australian swimmer Dawn Fraser. It was made by Joy Cavill who later made a feature film about Fraser Dawn! (1979) and had a romantic relationship with her. It is one of the few Australian documentary films of the time to be directed by a woman.While filming at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics Cavill suffered a heart attack.
 Red Ball Express is a 1952 World War II war film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Jeff Chandler. The film is based on the real Red Ball Express convoys that took place after the D-Day landings in Normandy in June 1944. The tag line for the movie is From beachhead to battlefront! They carry the ammo for Patton's Tanks!
 7th Day is a 2014 Indian Malayalam crime thriller film written by Akhil Paul and directed by Syamdhar. It stars Prithviraj as 42-year old IPS officer David Abraham on the trail of an unnatural case. The film also stars Tovino Thomas Anu Mohan Vinay Forrt Yog Jappe Janani Iyer and Praveen Prem.
 Confidential Agent is a 1945 spy film starring Charles Boyer and Lauren Bacall and made by Warner Bros. The movie was directed by Herman Shumlin and produced by Robert Buckner with Jack L. Warner as executive producer. The screenplay was by Robert Buckner based on the novel The Confidential Agent by Graham Greene. The music score was by Franz Waxman and the cinematography by James Wong Howe. The supporting cast includes George Coulouris and Peter Lorre.
 Vivaha Sammanam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 The Adventures of a Two-Minute Werewolf also called The Adventures of a 2-Minute Werewolf is a 1985 television movie produced by ABC television as part of its ABC Weekend Special series (an after school special). It is based on the young adult novel of the same title by Gene DeWeese.
 Full Throttle (烈火戰車) is a 1995 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Derek Yee and starring Andy Lau.
 My Side of the Mountain is a 1969 film adaption of the 1959 novel of the same name by Jean Craighead George. It was directed by James B. Clark.
 Harry and the Hendersons is a 1987 American fantasy comedy film directed and produced by William Dear and starring John Lithgow Melinda Dillon Don Ameche David Suchet Margaret Langrick Joshua Rudoy Lainie Kazan and Kevin Peter Hall. Steven Spielberg served as an executive producer of this film while Rick Baker provided the makeup and the creature designs for Harry. It is the story of a family's encounter with the cryptozoological creature Bigfoot.
 Le chat dans le sac (English: The Cat in the Bag) is a 1964 drama film by Gilles Groulx which played a seminal role in the development of Quebec cinema.
 How Do You Know is a 2010 romantic comedy drama film directed written and produced by James L. Brooks. It stars Reese Witherspoon Paul Rudd Owen Wilson and Jack Nicholson.The film was shot in Philadelphia and Washington D.C. It was released on December 12 2010. This marks the third film to feature Witherspoon and Rudd following 2009's Monsters vs.
 Aaina is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Sushi Girl is an American crime film directed by Kern Saxton starring Tony Todd Mark Hamill Noah Hathaway Sonny Chiba and Cortney Palm. Tony Todd also served as a executive producer. It premiered at a TCL Chinese Theatre played in several festivals and was then released directly to home media in 2012.
 Back to Square One (German: Alles auf Anfang) is a 1994 German comedy film directed by Reinhard Münster. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 A Coleção Invisível is a 2013 Brazilian drama film directed by Bernard Attal and starring Vladimir Brichta Walmor Chagas and Ludmila Rosa.
 THE...Kopanoi (Greek: THE...ΚΟΠΑΝΟΙ) is a Greek comedy film released in 1987 written and directed by Giorgos Konstadinou starring several famous Greek actors including Konstadinou himself Markos Lezes Yannis Vouros Kostas Palios and Giorgos Petrohilos. Today the movie has reached cult classic status for its memorable quotes and is regarded as the ultimate Greek comedy from the 1980s cinema period.
 The Last Paradises: On the Track of Rare Animals (in German Die letzen Paradiese) is the title of a German nature documentary from 1967. It was filmed by Eugen Schuhmacher and Helmuth Barth.
 Three Hearts for Julia is a 1943 American romantic comedy film starring Ann Sothern and Melvyn Douglas. The film was directed by Richard Thorpe and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Black Caesar released theatrically in the UK as Godfather of Harlem is a 1973 American blaxploitation film starring Fred Williamson and Gloria Hendry. The film was written and directed by Larry Cohen. It is a remake of the 1931 film Little Caesar. It features a notable musical score (Black Caesar) by James Brown (with heavy input from his bandleader Fred Wesley) his first experience with writing music for film. A sequel titled Hell Up in Harlem was released in late 1973.
 Maldeamores (English: Lovesickness) is a 2007 Puerto Rican film starring Luis Guzmán written by Carlos Ruíz Ruíz and Jorge Gonzales and directed by Ruíz and his wife Mariem Pérez Riera.The film consists of three separate stories dealing with the ironies of love.
 Selma Lord Selma is a 1999 American film based on true events that happened in March 1965 known as Bloody Sunday in Selma Alabama. The film tells the story through the eyes of an 11-year-old African American girl named Sheyann Webb (Jurnee Smollett). It premiered as a television movie on ABC on January 17 1999.
 Mrs. Warren's Profession (German: Frau Warrens Gewerbe) is a 1960 West German drama film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Lilli Palmer O.E. Hasse and Johanna Matz. It is an adaptation of the 1894 play Mrs. Warren's Profession by George Bernard Shaw.
 For Whom He Tolls is the 2009 psychological drama directed by Randal Reeder. The film stars Lena Clark Gina Brazell Lije Sarki Angela Ware and George Wilson. The project was executive produced by Kent Fuselier and Patti Chavez.
 The New Year Parade is a 2008 drama film filmed and directed by Tom Quinn with lighting and audio work by Mark Doyle. The film won the Grand Jury Prize for Best Narrative at the 2008 Slamdance Film Festival and the award for Best Acting Ensemble at the 2008 Ashland Independent Film Festival. At the 2008 BendFilm Festival Quinn won the award for Best Director while Jennifer Welsh won the award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Naglalayag (Silent Passage) is a 2004 Filipino movie that tells the story of a May–December affair between a middle-aged judge and a young taxi driver. Brilliantly acted by Nora Aunor and Yul Servo the couple’s story brings to light society’s perceptions of gender age and class. Naglalayag has received nine major awards in the 2004 Manila Film Festival including Best Story and Best Screenplay and was also the major winner in the 53rd FAMAS Awards.
 The Well is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Feds is a 1988 American comedy film written and directed by Daniel Goldberg and starring Rebecca De Mornay and Mary Gross.
 Theertha Yathra is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Huella de luz is a 1943 Spanish comedy film directed by Rafael Gil on his directing debut. It is based on a novel by Wenceslao Fernández Flórez.
 Circle of Iron is a 1978 martial arts and fantasy film co-written by Bruce Lee who intended to star in the film himself but died before production. The film is also known as The Silent Flute which was the original title of the story conceived by Bruce Lee James Coburn and Stirling Silliphant in 1969. After Lee's death in 1973 Silliphant and Stanley Mann completed the screenplay and Lee's part was given to the Kung Fu television star David Carradine.
 Act of Necessity is an Australian 1991 television movie about a couple who believe their daughter's cancer is caused by chemicals.
 The Last Illusion (German: Der Ruf) is a 1949 German drama film directed by Josef von Báky. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Naalvar is a 1953 Tamil family drama film directed by V. Krishnan. The film stars A. P. Nagarajan Kumari Thangam N. N. Kannappa and Muthulakshmi in major roles. A. P. Nagarajan who played the main lead was also the writer of the film. The film revolves around a family consisting of four siblings.
 The Greater Love is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan starring Charlotte Burton and Mabel Brown and Edward Coxen.
 Angels' Wild Women is a 1972 biker film written and directed by cult director Al Adamson. The plot centers on a group of tough biker babes who leave their cycle gang boyfriends to go on a violent rampage. However when a cult leader kills one of the girls the others go out for revenge.This is the last in a trio of (unrelated) motorcycle gang films directed by Adamson for Independent-International Pictures Corp. a company he co-founded with Sam Sherman.
 The Adventures of Jane is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Edward G. Whiting. It is the film version of the stage show based on the comic strip 'Jane' originally created by Norman Pett. It was written by Alfred Goulding and Con West. The cast included Chrystabel Leighton-Porter who played Jane and Michael Hogarth who played Tom Hawke. It was filmed in Brighton East Sussex England.
 Dr. Dolittle 2 is a 2001 American comedy film and the theatrical sequel to the 1998 film Dr. Dolittle. The continuing tale of the doctor who can talk to the animals—this time it's Dolittle versus Darwin when the animals launch a labor strike to protect their forest from unscrupulous human developers. Dolittle quickly comes up with a plan: populate the forest with a species of animal that the law protects.
 Suzy is a 1936 drama film starring Jean Harlow Franchot Tone and Cary Grant. The film was partially written by Dorothy Parker and directed by George Fitzmaurice based on a novel by Herman Gorman. The Oscar-nominated theme song Did I Remember? was sung by Virginia Verrill (uncredited).
 The Fourth Estate: A Film of a British Newspaper is a 1940 documentary film directed by Paul Rotha. The film was sponsored by the owners of The Times and depicts the preparation and production of a day's edition of the newspaper.The film is notable for the fact that it went unreleased (apart from a small number of private screenings for the sponsor and critics).
 It's Kind of a Funny Story is a 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck an adaptation of Ned Vizzini's 2006 novel of the same name. The film stars Keir Gilchrist Zach Galifianakis Emma Roberts and Viola Davis. It was released in the United States on October 8 2010.The film received generally positive reviews.
 Pioneers in Petticoats is a 44-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It was commissioned for the centennial of the founding of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association. In it the main character Abigail Harper is chosen as the local president of the Young Women's Retrenchment Society and finds her values challenged.
 The Lost Chord is a 1933 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring John Stuart Elizabeth Allan and Jack Hawkins. A musician becomes embroiled in the domestic rows of an aristocratic family.
 Geeft ons kracht is a 1920 Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 Flourish is a 2006 film written produced and directed by Kevin Palys and starring Jennifer Morrison Jesse Spencer Leighton Meester and Ian Brennan.
 Docteur Jekyll et les femmes is a 1981 French horror film directed by Walerian Borowczyk. The film is a variation on Robert Louis Stevenson's story Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and stars Udo Kier Marina Pierro and Howard Vernon.The film was released in France in 1981 and won the award for Best Feature Film Director at the 1981 Sitges Film Festival for Borowczyk.
 Little Miss London is a 1929 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Pamela Parr Frank Stanmore and Reginald Fox. It was made by British Instructional Films at Bushey Studios. A business magnate poses as a poor man while his daughter falls in love with a man posing as an aristocrat.
 Every Bastard a King (Hebrew: כל ממזר מלך‎ translit. Kol Mamzer Melech) is a 1968 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 She Done Him Wrong is a Pre-Code 1933 Paramount Pictures comedy romance starring Mae West and Cary Grant. Its plot includes melodramatic and musical elements. The supporting cast features Owen Moore Gilbert Roland Noah Beery Sr. Rochelle Hudson and Louise Beavers.The film was directed by Lowell Sherman and produced by William LeBaron. The script was adapted by Harvey F. Thew and John Bright from the successful Broadway play Diamond Lil by Mae West.
 Bob and Tom Radio: The Comedy Tour is a DVD made as a spin-off from The Bob & Tom Show. This is a syndicated US radio program established by Bob Kevoian and Tom Griswold at radio station WFBQ in Indianapolis Indiana in 1983. The program is among the highest rated in American radio.The show is hosted by Bob Kevoian and Tom Griswold and its format is that of a comedy variety show.
 Broadway Gondolier (1935) is a musical film directed by Lloyd Bacon. The film was released by Warner Bros. and featured Dick Powell Joan Blondell and Adolphe Menjou.
 Gun Hill Road is a 2011 drama film starring Esai Morales. The title of the film derives from the Bronx road of the same name. The film is notable for starring a transgender character (Michael) who is played by a real transgender person Harmony Santana who was the first openly transgender actress to receive not only the major acting award in the United States but 13 out of 15 awards.
 Capone Cries a Lot (カポネ大いに泣く Kapone ōi ni naku aka Capone's Flood of Tears) is a 1985 Japanese comedy directed by Seijun Suzuki and starring Kenichi Hagiwara. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Sueyuki Kajiyama.
 The Widow in Scarlet is a 1932 American crime film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Un inverno freddo freddo (A cold cold winter) is a 1996 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Roberto Cimpanelli.For this film Cimpanelli won the 1997 Nastro d'Argento for best new director.
 Tom and Jerry & The Wizard of Oz is a 2011 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The film is an animated remake of MGM's 1939 classic film The Wizard of Oz with the addition of Tom and Jerry who would debut in their series of MGM films a year later incorporating them into the movie as major supporting characters. Droopy and Butch also cameo as minor antagonists.
 Me and My Kid Brother (Danish: Mig og min lillebror) is a 1967 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Dirch Passer.
 Spy (Russian: Шпион) is a 2012 Russian film an adaptation of Boris Akunin's novel The Spy Novel (Шпионский роман). It was directed by Alexey Andrianov and starred Danila Kozlovsky and Fyodor Bondarchuk. Akunin adapted his own novel. It had one of the largest film budgets in Russian history.
 Saint Joan is a 1957 British-American film adapted from the George Bernard Shaw play of the same title about the life of Joan of Arc. The restructured screenplay by Graham Greene directed by Otto Preminger begins with the play's last scene which then becomes the springboard for a long flashback from which the main story is told.
 December-1 (Kannada: ಡಿಸೆಂಬರ್-1) is a 2014 Indian Kannada film written and directed by P. Sheshadri starring Niveditha Santosh Uppina and H. G. Dattatreya in lead roles. The film won two National Film Awards at the 61st National Film Awards - Best Feature Film in Kannada and Best Screenplay (P. Sheshadri)
 Two Men in Manhattan (French: Deux hommes dans Manhattan) is a 1959 French crime film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. The film stars Melville (who also wrote the screenplay) and Pierre Grasset as two French journalists who become embroiled in a criminal plot in New York City involving a disappeared United Nations diplomat.
 Still Waters Run Deep is a 1916 British silent crime film directed by Fred Paul and starring Lady Helen Tree Milton Rosmer and Rutland Barrington. A captain begins blackmailing a wealthy family. It was based on the 1855 play Still Waters Run Deep by Tom Taylor.
 Evangelina is a 1959 Argentine film directed by Kurt Land.
 The Stranger (Italian: Lo straniero) is a 1967 film by Italian film director Luchino Visconti based on Albert Camus' novel L'Étranger with Marcello Mastroianni.
 The Unseeable (Thai: เปนชู้กับผี or Pen Choo Kub Pee; RTGS: Pen Chu Kap Phi) is a 2006 Thai horror film directed by Wisit Sasanatieng. The first film of another writer's screenplay by the director the writer is Kongkiat Khomsiri one of the Ronin Team credited with directing the 2005 Thai horror film Art of the Devil 2.
 Aram is a 2013 Malayalam horror film written directed and produced by Reji Nair and distributed by Focus Films. Nair makes the debut as a producer by his own banner Focus Films. This film mainly focuses on value of relationship telling the story of two girls. Aram tries to explore their relationship and the happenings during their recent meeting on a new year day. Aram narrates in a horror driven manner and with a lot of unanticipated twists. Ousepachan gives music to its beautiful songs.
 Hollywood Sex Wars is a R-Rated comedy film written and directed by Paul Sapiano. Produced by the same team who created Boys & Girls Guide To Getting Down it follows the adventures of three friends as they struggle to find success in the Hollywood dating scene. The movie features several cast members from Boys & Girls Guide including Mario Diaz Richie Blair and Dominique Purdy. Hollywood Sex Wars is set to be released by summer 2011.
 Road to Salina (French: La route de Salina) is a 1970 French film a psychological thriller directed by Georges Lautner. It stars Robert Walker Jr. Mimsy Farmer and Rita Hayworth. The film is based upon Maurice Cury’s novel Sur la Route de Salina. A French-Italian coproduction it was shot in English in the Canary Islands.
 Devi is a 1972 Malayalam film written and directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan based on a story by K. Surendran. It stars Prem Nazir Sheela Madhu Sankaradi Adoor Bhasi Paravoor Bharathan Khadeeja Sujatha Philomina Meenakumariand Ranichandra.
 The Fountainhead is a 1949 American film directed by King Vidor based on the best-selling book of the same name by Ayn Rand who wrote the screenplay adaptation.The film and novel focus on Howard Roark an individualistic young architect who chooses to struggle in obscurity rather than compromise his artistic and personal vision following his battle to practice what the public sees as modern architecture which he believes to be superior despite an establishment centered on tradition-worship. 
 The 'Human' Factor is a 1975 film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring George Kennedy and John Mills. It was Dmytryk's final film.The soundtrack is by composer Ennio Morricone.
 Jaya is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2002 directed by Senthilnathan.
 Virtuous Wives is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by George Loane Tucker and stars Anita Stewart. Future gossip columnist Hedda Hopper (billed as Mrs. DeWolf Hopper) co-starred. Based on the novel of the same name by Owen Johnson the film was produced Anita Stewart's production company. It was also the first film produced by Louis B. Mayer.
 Gangoobai is 2013 Bollywood drama film produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India and directed by Priya Krishnaswamy. It stars Sarita Joshi in the lead role as Gangoobai.The story is about an elderly maid servant who works hard to achieve her dream of an extremely expensive Gara sari and changes the lives of people she interacts with while in Mumbai to buy the sari.
 Off the Ledge is a 2009 American comedy genre film with a twist.
 Farewell (Russian: Прощание) is a 1983 Soviet film based on Valentin Rasputin's novel Farewell to Matyora and directed by Elem Klimov.
 By Hook or by Crook (Chinese: 鹹魚番生) is a 1980 Hong Kong kung fu film produced and directed by Karl Maka and starring Sammo Hung.
 Vedi Napoli e poi muori is a 1951 Italian film.
 Wallace & Gromit: The Best of Aardman Animation is a 1996 compilation film featuring previous Wallace and Gromit shorts.
 Tragic Love is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Chatrak (English: Mushrooms) is a 2011 Indian Bengali drama film directed by Sri Lankan director Vimukthi Jayasundara. The film was screened at several film festivals worldwide including the Directors' Fortnight in the 2011 Cannes Film Festival. The film led to controversy in India when a scene involving explicit nudity was leaked on the internet.
 Tiergestalt is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Looking for a True Fiancee (指輪をはめたい Yubiwa o Hametai) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Yuki Iwata and based on a novel by Takami Itō.
 Me and My Gal is a 1932 American motion picture drama and romantic comedy starring Spencer Tracy and Joan Bennett directed by Raoul Walsh and released by the Fox Film Corporation. The film tells the story of jaunty young policeman Danny Dolan (Tracy) who falls in love with waterfront cafe waitress Helen Riley (Bennett).
 The Traveling Executioner is a 1970 American film starring Stacy Keach Bud Cort Stefan Gierasch and Marianna Hill and directed by Jack Smight.
 Looking for Danger is a 1957 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. The film was released on October 6 1957 by Allied Artists and is the forty-sixth film in the series.
 The Barrens is a 2012 American horror film written and directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and starring Stephen Moyer and Mia Kirshner.The film was released under different titles in several European territories: e.g. as Jersey Devil in the German-speaking countries and as The Forest in France and Belgium.
 Maid for Each Other is a 1992 made-for-TV movie starring Nell Carter and Dinah Manoff. It was written by Manoff Robb Gilmer Les Alexander Don Enright and Andrew Smith produced by Enright and Alexander and directed by Paul Schneider.
 Trauma is a 1962 American film directed by Robert M. Young.
 Married and in Love is a 1940 film directed by John Farrow.
 Aitaré da Praia is a 1925 Brazilian film directed by Gentil Roiz in the city of Recife. Its genre is included in the categories of Drama and romance; and is considered a feature and silent film. Its also known as Raft of death.
 Parai Zameen is a Pakistani film released on 14 August 1958. It was directed by Shaikh Hassan produced by A. G. Mirza and starred Talib Ali.
 From the Earth to the Moon (1958) is a Technicolor science fiction film adaptation of the Jules Verne novel From the Earth to the Moon. It stars Joseph Cotten George Sanders Debra Paget and Don Dubbins. The film began as an RKO Pictures movie but when RKO went into bankruptcy the film was released by Warner Brothers.
 Jesse James Rides Again (1947) is a Republic film serial.
 Please Teach Me English (Hangul: 영어완전정복; RR: Yeongeo Wanjeon Jeongbok; lit. The Complete Mastering of English) is a 2003 South Korean comedy about a young woman who begins English lessons after she is unable to help a foreigner at her government office.
 A French Woman (French: Une femme française) is a 1995 French drama film directed by Régis Wargnier.
 Romancing the Bride is a 2005 romantic comedy film starring Laura Prepon and Matt Cedeño.
 Apna Ghar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Adventures of Power is an American feature film written and directed by Ari Gold starring Ari Gold Michael McKean Jane Lynch Shoshannah Stern Chiu Chi Ling and Adrian Grenier and featuring Steven Williams Jimmy Jean-Louis Annie Golden and Nick Kroll with a cameo performance by Rush drummer Neil Peart. The soundtrack includes original songs by Ethan Gold and hits by Rush Mr. Mister Judas Priest Phil Collins Dazz Band Loverboy Bow Wow Wow and Woody Guthrie.
 Vithukal (English: Seeds) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by P. Bhaskaran. It stars Madhu Sheela K. P. Ummer Sankaradi Adoor Bhasi Vanchiyoor Radha and N. Govindan Kutty.
 Ud i den kolde sne is a 1934 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. It was Fredericks debut film as a director. The title means Out in the cold snow in Danish.
 The Movie From the Future (2000) is a low-budget feature starring Patrick Casey and directed by Worm Miller. Miller and Casey also co-wrote the movie. The duo went on to write Hey Stop Stabbing Me! National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze and its sequel National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2 among other things. The film was shot on location in Bloomington Minnesota.
 Drawing Restraint 9 is a 2005 film project by visual artist Matthew Barney consisting of a feature length 35mm film large-scale sculptures photographs drawings and books. The Drawing Restraint series consists of 19 numbered components and related materials. Some episodes are videos others sculptural installations or drawings. Barney created Drawing Restraint 1-6 while still an undergraduate at Yale University and completed Drawing Restraint 16 in 2007 at London's Serpentine Gallery.
 A Lady's Morals is a 1930 film offering a highly fictionalized account of singer Jenny Lind. The movie features Grace Moore as Lind Reginald Denny as a lover and Wallace Beery as P. T. Barnum; Beery would play Barnum again four years later in The Mighty Barnum.
 Dog Park is a 1998 American/Canadian romantic comedy film written and directed by Bruce McCulloch.
 La Rivolta dei Pretoriani (AKA: Revolt of the Praetorians) is a 1964 film about the conspiracy to assassinate the emperor Domitian in the year AD 96 though the historical facts have been heavily fictionized. This film was written by Gian Paolo Callegari and directed by Alfonso Brescia.
 The Eternal Zero (永遠の0 Eien no Zero) is a 2013 Japanese war drama film directed by Takashi Yamazaki and based on a novel by Naoki Hyakuta.
 Buenos Aires Vice Versa (Spanish: Buenos Aires viceversa) is an 1991 Argentine and Dutch dramatic film written and directed by Alejandro Agresti. The film was produced by Alejandro Agresti and Axel Harding and co-produced by Emjay Rechsteiner.The picture deals with the alienation felt by the children who survived the Argentine military dictatorship of the 1970s.
 Le Saint prend l'affût (English: The Saint Lies in Wait) is a French adventure drama film from 1966. It was directed by Christian-Jaque written by Jean Ferry starring Jean Marais and Raffaella Carrà. The film was known under the title The Saint Lies in Wait (USA) Il santo prende la mira (Italy) Der Lord mit der MP (West Germany) As Aventuras de o Santo (Portugal). During the making of the film the stunt arranger Gil Delamare was killed
 Now You See Him Now You Don't is a 1972 Walt Disney Productions film starring Kurt Russell a student at the fictional Medfield College. It is the sequel to the 1969 film The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes and was followed by 1975's The Strongest Man in the World .Now You See Him Now You Don't was the first Disney film to be shown on television in a two-hour time slot in 1975. Previous television showings of Disney films had either shown them edited or split into two one-hour time slots.
 My Brother… Nikhil is a 2005 Indian film set in Goa. The movie portrays the life of the protagonist Nikhil from 1987 to 1994 when AIDS awareness in India was considerably low. Onir the film director stated that the film is based on true historical fact and the standard disclaimer about fictitious content was just a compromise with the Indian government to gain permission to make the film.
 Smith! (1969) is a Western Film starring Glenn Ford and directed by Michael O'Herlihy.
 The Land Before Time XII: The Great Day of the Flyers is a 2006 film directed by Charles Grosvenor and is the twelfth film in the Land Before Time series. It is a direct-to-video sequel released on December 6 2006 by Universal Animation Studios.
 Hope and a Little Sugar is a 2006 Indian English-language film shot in New York and directed by Tanuja Chandra. It premiered and won an award on October 6 2006 at the South Asian International Film Festival in New York. In addition it was the opening film in 2008 for the Opening Night Gala at BAFTA sponsored by the London Asian Film Festival by Tongues on Fire.
 Sex with a Smile is a 1976 Italian comedy film starring Marty Feldman Barbara Bouchet Edwige Fenech Dayle Haddon and directed by Sergio Martino. While the cast was relatively popular internationally advertising for the film in the U.S. concentrated almost exclusively on Marty Feldman even though he only appeared in one segment of the film.The original Italian title was 40 gradi all'ombra del lenzuolo and was followed by a sequel entitled Spogliamoci così senza pudor.
 Bittersweet Love is a 1976 drama film directed by David Miller and written by D.A. Kellogg and Adrian Morrall.
 Not to be confused with Raa Raa the Noisy Lion.Raa Raa is a 2011 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Sandilya starring Udhaya and Shweta Basu Prasad in her Tamil film debut in lead roles. The title refers to the Royapuram and Royapettah two areas in Chennai. The film was launched in December 2010 and released on October 7 2011 to mixed reviews.
 Joffa: The Movie is a 2010 independent Australian buddy movie starring Australia's best known sports fan Joffa Corfe. The film was financed by Chris Liontos the Director/ Producer along with actor Shane McRae Joffa’s buddy in the movie.
 The Confession (Turkish: İtiraf) is a 2002 Turkish drama film directed by Zeki Demirkubuz. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tribute to Éric Rohmer (French: Hommage à Éric Rohmer) (AKA Maurice Schérer) is a short 2010 video commissioned by Les Films du Losange as a tribute to Éric Rohmer by his friend and former colleague Jean-Luc Godard and is the work that directly precedes the release of the 2010 feature Film Socialisme in Godard's filmography. It was first presented at the Soirée en hommage à Éric Rohmer on February 8 2010 at the Cinémathèque Française.
 Phantasm is a 1979 American horror film directed written photographed co-produced and edited by Don Coscarelli. It introduced the Tall Man (Angus Scrimm) a supernatural and malevolent undertaker who turns the dead into dwarf zombies to do his bidding and take over the world.
 El Abuelo (English language: The Grandfather) is a 1954 Argentine family drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and written by Emilio Villalba Welsh. It was based on the novel by Benito Pérez Galdós. Starring Enrique Muiño and Mecha Ortiz.
 Stop Violence is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by A. K. Sajan. The film stars Prithviraj Vijayaraghavan and Chandra Lakshman.
 Dansa als esperits is a Spanish 2009 documentary film.
 The Sweet and the Bitter (Italian: Il dolce e l'amaro) is a 2007 Italian crime-drama film directed by Andrea Porporati. It entered the competition at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
 La Muerte flota en el río is a 1956 Argentine film.
 Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects (1989) is an action/drama film starring Charles Bronson and directed by J. Lee Thompson. Being Thompson's final film it was the last project he and Bronson did together — a long and famed Hollywood collaboration.
 A Love Story is a 2007 Filipino romantic drama film it also holds the twelfth placed in the highest grossing Filipino film of all time its about a successful but emotionally scarred businessman Ian Montes (Aga Muhlach) who is torn between two women: Joanna (Maricel Soriano) a doctor and Karyn (Angelica Panganiban) a flight attendant. On August 26 2007 the cast of A Love Story flew to the United States for the American premier of the movie.
 Manaos (also known as Slaves from Prison Camp Manaos) is a 1978 Spanish-Italian-Méxican adventure film directed by Alberto Vázquez-Figueroa.
 Les Mystères de Paris (French: The Mysteries of Paris) is a French-Italian film from 1962 set in Paris. It was directed by André Hunebelle written by Diego Fabbri and Pierre Foucaud starring Jean Marais. The scenario was written on the basis of the novel Les Mystères de Paris. It has several precursors Les mystères de Paris (1912) Les mystères de Paris (1935).
 The Sand Castle (French: Le château de sable) is a 1977 stop motion animated short by Co Hoedeman. Winner of the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 50th Academy Awards the film was produced by Gaston Sarault for the National Film Board of Canada. The film was created with sand animation and sand-covered foam rubber puppets.
 Un Hombre cualquiera is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Generał. Zamach na Gibraltarze is a Polish historical film based on the last days of General Wladyslaw Sikorski during World War II. It was released in 2009; it was directed by Anna Jadowska; Krzysztof Pieczynski plays General Sikorski.
 BiXian Panic (Chinese title: 笔仙惊魂) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by David Kuan.
 Nagarame Nandi is a 1967 Malayalam language film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by A. Vincent. The film stars Prem Nazir Usha Nandhini Madhu and K. P. Ummer among others. The film tells the story of a family that migrates from a village to the city of Madras in search of a better life. The plot is similar to the 1965 film The Conquerors of the Golden City directed by Getin Gurtop and the 1964 film Birds of Exile (Gurbet Kuslari in Turkish) by Halit Refig. K.
 Noises Off is a 1992 comedy film directed by Peter Bogdanovich. The screenplay by Marty Kaplan is based on the 1982 play of the same name by Michael Frayn.An ensemble cast includes Michael Caine Carol Burnett Christopher Reeve John Ritter Marilu Henner Nicollette Sheridan Julie Hagerty and Mark Linn-Baker.Also featured is the final performance of Denholm Elliott who died that same year.
 I Take This Woman is a 1931 American romance film directed by Marion Gering and starring Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard. Based on the 1927 novel Lost Ecstacy by Mary Roberts Rinehart the film is about a wealthy New York socialite who falls in love and marries a cowboy while staying at her father's ranch out West. After her father disinherits her and after a year of living the life of a cowboy's wife she leaves her husband and returns east to her family.
 Ma vraie vie à Rouen (The True Story of My Life in Rouen) is a 2002 movie by French directors Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau which tracks a year in the life of a teenage figure skater in a quasi-documentary video diary style. It was released in 2003 in the USA under the title of My Life on Ice.
 Rebound is a 2009 American film by Afdhere Jama set in San Francisco. The film follows the life of a young gay man who is dealing with the aftermath of a breakup.
 Jane Got a Gun is an upcoming American 2015 action-drama western film directed by Gavin O'Connor and written by Brian Duffield. The film stars Natalie Portman Ewan McGregor Joel Edgerton and Rodrigo Santoro. The film is produced by Handsomecharlie Films 1821 Pictures and Straight Up Films. It was shot in Santa Fe New Mexico. The film is scheduled for a February 20 2015 release.
 Le spie uccidono a Beirut (literally The Spies kill in Beirut also titled Da 077 : le spie uccidono a Beirut i.e. Message from 077 : the spies kill in Beirut) is a 1965 Italian spy film pertaining to the Eurospy genre. In this film inspired by the James Bond film series Richard Harrison stars as agent Bob Fleming 077. The film was directed by film producer Luciano Martino in one of his few forays into directing.
 O Noviço Rebelde is a 1997 Brazilian comedy film written produced and starring by Renato Aragão. Directed by Tizuka Yamasaki the film is an parody of the 1965 American film The Sound of Music.
 The Great White Way is a 1924 silent film comedy centered around the sport of boxing and directed by E. Mason Hopper. It was produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Goldwyn Pictures just prior to the purchase of Goldwyn by Marcus Loew to become MGM. It was made with the cooperation of the New York City Fire Department. The film stars Oscar Shaw and Anita Stewart and is a lost film. It was remade twelve years later as Cain and Mabel with Marion Davies and Clark Gable.
 Kattathe Kilikkoodu (Malayalam: കാറ്റത്തെ കിളിക്കൂട്‌ English: A Nest in the Wind) is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by Bharathan.
 Margaret Mee and the Moonflower (Portuguese: Margaret Mee e a Flor da Lua) is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Malu De Martino about the work and legacy of British botanical artist Margaret Mee who moved to Brazil in the 1950s produced over 400 illustrations about Brazilian flora and used her art as a tool to defend the environmentalism.
 Out of True is a 1951 British drama-documentary film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Jane Hylton and Muriel Pavlow. Out of True was made by the Crown Film Unit with sponsorship from the Ministry of Health and was promoted as a fictional account of a nervous breakdown which conforms to the pattern of much of the mental illness occurring today. The film received a nomination in the category Best Documentary Film at the 1951 British Academy Film Awards.
 Chronos (/ˈkrɒnoʊs/ KRON-ohs) is a 1985 abstract film directed by Ron Fricke created with custom-built time-lapse cameras. Originally released in IMAX theaters it is now available on DVD Blu-ray HD DVD and for free on Hulu and YouTube.
 Beyond This Place also known as Web of Evidence is a 1959 British film based on the novel of the same name by A. J. Cronin. It was directed by Jack Cardiff and stars Van Johnson and Vera Miles. The original title was kept for the film's European release though it was given an alternate title for the American release.The film tells the story of Paul Mathry a man who left England for the United States as a child evacuee and who returns to Liverpool twenty years later.
 Free The Nipple is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Lina Esco and co-written with Hunter Richards and Sarabeth Stroller. The film stars Casey LaBow Monique Coleman Zach Grenier Lina Esco Griffin Newman and Lola Kirke.
 Run for the Sun is a 1956 film released by United Artists the third film to officially be based on Richard Connell's classic suspense story The Most Dangerous Game after both RKO's The Most Dangerous Game (1932) and their remake A Game of Death (1945). This version stars Richard Widmark Trevor Howard and Jane Greer and was directed by Ray Boulting from a script written by Boulting and Dudley Nichols.
 Mon oncle Benjamin (My Uncle Benjamin) is a 1969 French film directed by Édouard Molinaro. The film is based on a once-popular French comic novel Mon oncle Benjamin by Claude Tillier (1842). The 1969 film Don't Grieve directed by the Georgian Georgi Daneliya is also based on Tillier's novel The film was released November 28 1969.
 Texas to Bataan is a 1942 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey featuring the Range Busters.The film is also known as The Long Long Trail in the United Kingdom.
 The Groove Tube (1974) written and produced by Ken Shapiro is a low-budget comedy film that satirizes television and the counterculture of the early 1970s. The film was originally produced to be shown at the Channel One Theater on East 60th St. in New York a venue that featured R-rated video recordings shown on three television sets which was a novelty to the audiences of the time.
 Carry On Doctor (1967) is the fifteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made. It is the second in the series to have a medical theme. Frankie Howerd makes the first of his two appearances in the film series and stars alongside regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Jim Dale Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Peter Butterworth and Bernard Bresslaw.
 The Burning Plain is a 2008/2009 drama film directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga the screenwriter of Amores perros (2000) 21 Grams (2003) and Babel (2006). The film stars Charlize Theron Jennifer Lawrence Kim Basinger and Joaquim de Almeida. In Arriaga's directorial debut he films a story that has multipart story strands woven together as in his previous screenplays.
 My Case (Mon Cas) is a 1986 Portuguese drama- fantasy film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
 Kolberg is a 1945 German historical film directed by Veit Harlan. One of the last films of the Third Reich it was intended as a Nazi propaganda piece to shore up the will of the German population to resist the Allies. The film is based on the autobiography of Joachim Nettelbeck mayor of Kolberg in western Pomerania. It tells the story of the successful defence of the besieged fortress town of Kolberg against French troops between April and July 1807 during the Napoleonic Wars.
 Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan is a 2012 Punjabi movie directed by Gurbir Singh Grewal and written by Inder Roop Singh Ghuman. It is produced by Inder Roop Singh Ghuman Dr. Sukhpal Singh Mangat and Bikramjit Singh Gill under the banner of Vibgyor Creations. The star cast includes Sangram Singh Mandy Takhar Gurpreet Ratol Mannu Sandhu Binnu Dhillon Rana Ranbir and Harpal Singh. Music has been given by Dilpreet Bhatia. Screenplay and lyrics are also written by Inder Roop Singh Ghuman.
 Blood in the Mobile is a 2010 documentary film by Danish film director Frank Piasecki Poulsen. The film addresses the issue of conflict minerals by examining illegal cassiterite mining in the North-Kivu province in eastern DR Congo. In particular it focuses on the cassiterite mine in Bisie.The film is co-financed by Danish German Finnish Hungarian and Irish television as well as the Danish National film board.The film premiered in Denmark on September 1 2010.
 Caro Michele is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival where Monicelli won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 The Astronomer's Dream (French: Le Reve D'un Astronome original title: La lune à un mètre) (Star Film Catalogue no. 160-162) is a 1898 French short black-and-white silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
 Cousin Bobby is a 1992 American documentary film directed by Jonathan Demme. The film focuses on Demme's cousin Robert W. Castle an Episcopalian minister in Harlem New York.It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Papilio Buddha is a 2013 Indian feature film written and directed by Jayan K. Cherian. The film focuses on the atrocities committed against Dalits women and the environment. It features Sreekumar David Briggs and Saritha Sunil in the lead roles while Padmapriya Prakash Bare and Thampy Antony play supporting roles. Kerala-based Environmentalist Kallen Pokkudan appears in another important role in the film which also cast 150 Adivasis.
 Psycho is a 1960 American horror-thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock starring Anthony Perkins Vera Miles John Gavin and Janet Leigh.
 Marianna Ucrìa is a 1997 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Faenza. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Insaaf Ki Awaaz is a 1986 Bollywood action film directed and produced by D Rama Naidu under the banner of Suresh Productions.The film features Rekha Anupam Kher and Kader Khan in pivotal roles.The music director of the film is Bappi Lahiri.
 Inherit the Wind is a 1960 Hollywood film adaptation of the play of the same name written by Jerome Lawrence and Robert Edwin Lee directed by Stanley Kramer.It stars Spencer Tracy as lawyer Henry Drummond and Fredric March as his friend and rival Matthew Harrison Brady also featuring Gene Kelly Dick York Harry Morgan Donna Anderson Claude Akins Noah Beery Jr. Florence Eldridge and Jimmy Boyd.The script was adapted by Nedrick Young (originally as Nathan E.
 Sinbad: Beyond the Veil of Mists (2000) is the first feature length CGI film created exclusively using motion capture. While many animators worked on the project the human characters were entirely animated using motion capture. It was filmed at Raleigh Studios in Los Angeles over a three-month period in 1997.Along with Pandavas: The Five Warriors (2000) this was one of the first computer-graphics-based features made in India. Pentamedia company was behind both of these productions.
 Clark: A Gonzomentary is an American 2013 gonzo journalism-styled mockumentary written directed and produced by Daniel D.W.
 Angels in Disguise is a 1949 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on September 11 1949 by Monogram Pictures and is the fifteenth film in the series.
 Aoi sanmyaku (青い山脈) literally: Blue Mountain Range is a 1949 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Tadashi Imai. Its theme was sung by Ichiro Fujiyama and Mitsue Nara.It is an adaptation of 1949 novel Blue Mountain Range (青い山脈 Aoi sanmyaku) by Yōjirō Ishizaka.
 Passport to Suez (1943) is the tenth film in the Lone Wolf series the last to star Warren William as the character. The Lone Wolf battles Nazi spies in Egypt.
 Lanka is a Malayalam film directed by A. K. Sajan released in the year 2006. The film stars Suresh Gopi and Mamta Mohandas.
 So This Is Paris is a 1955 romantic musical comedy film directed by Richard Quine. It stars Tony Curtis (in her only film musical) and Gloria DeHaven. There is a 1926 film of the same name.
 Rebellion in Patagonia (Spanish: La Patagonia rebelde) is a 1974 Argentine drama-historical film directed by Héctor Olivera and starring Héctor Alterio Luis Brandoni José Soriano and Federico Luppi.
 La monaca di Monza is a 1962 Italian film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti Giovanna Ralli and Mario Feliciani.The film is about a young nobleman who seduces a nun leading to the death of the man and the internment of the woman.The film is a drama but is laced with satire.
 Flames and Fortune is a 1911 American silent short drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film starred William Garwood and Marie Eline.
 Blues Highway is a 1994 American short documentary film directed by Bill Guttentag and Vince DiPersio. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The String (French: Le Fil) is a 2009 French film directed by Mehdi Ben Attia. It stars Claudia Cardinale. Notably part of the film was shot in Tunisia Cardinale's country of birth.
 Jet Storm is a 1959 British thriller film.Richard Attenborough stars as Ernest Tilley a man who lost his daughter in a hit-and-run accident. He tracks down the man responsible for the accident and boards the same plane threatening to blow up himself and everyone on board as an act of vengeance.The film is directed and co-written by Cy Endfield. Its cast features Stanley Baker Hermione Baddeley and Diane Cilento.
 The Woman in White is a 1929 British silent mystery film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Blanche Sweet Haddon Mason and Cecil Humphreys. The film was made at Cricklewood Studios in London. It is based on the novel The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins.Several silent versions were made one in 1912 and one by Fox in 1917 as Tangled Lives. Another 1917 silent version was filmed by Thanhouser and starred Florence La Badie. It survives in the Library of Congress.
 Indonesia Malaise is a 1931 film directed by the Wong brothers. It was the brothers' first sound film and one of the first such films in the Dutch East Indies. Billed as a comedy the story follows a woman who is overcome by tragedy in her personal life. A commercial failure it may be lost.
 Monga (Chinese: 艋舺; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Báng-kah) is a 2010 Taiwanese gangster film set in 1980s Taipei. The film stars Ethan Juan from TV series Fated To Love You and Mark Chao also features Ma Ju-Lung from Cape No.7 and Rhydian Vaughan from Winds of September. The film was directed and co-written by Doze Niu who also appears in the film.
 Tribute to a Bad Man is a 1956 western film starring James Cagney about a rancher whose harsh enforcement of frontier justice alienates the woman he loves. It was directed by Robert Wise and based on the short story Hanging's for the Lucky by Jack Schaefer the author of Shane.
 Kakkakuyil is a 2001 Malayalam film produced written and directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal and Mukesh in the lead roles. The film received mixed reviews upon release but became a super hit at the box-office completing 100 days of theatrical run. Kakkakuyil was later remade as London in Tamil with Prashanth Golmaal in Hindi with Ajay Devgn and Thappuchesi Pappukoodu in Telugu with Mohan Babu by different directors.
 Cheburashka Goes to School (Russian: Чебурашка идёт в школу Cheburashka Idet v Shkolu) is a 1983 Soviet film directed by Roman Kachanov.
 Eena Meena Deeka is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Nitin Manmohan. It stars Vinod Khanna Rishi Kapoor and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles.
 Aashiana is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Syed Hussain . The film stars Neetu Singh.
 Clément is a 2001 French drama film directed by Emmanuelle Bercot. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Trigger Man is a 2007 thriller film about three friends from Manhattan who are stalked while hunting in rural Delaware.
 Malcolm X also known as Malcolm X: His Own Story as It Really Happened is a 1972 American documentary film directed by Arnold Perl. It is based on The Autobiography of Malcolm X. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.Marvin Worth and Perl started working on Malcolm X in 1969 four years after the human rights activist's assassination.
 El Bosque del Lobo is a Spanish drama film directed by Pedro Olea and based on a novel by Carlos Martínez-Barbeito.The story concerns a man who is accused of being a werewolf and is partially based on the life of Manuel Blanco Romasanta and his mythically alleged lycanthropy.
 Let My People Go! is a 2011 film directed by Mikael Buch. It premiered at the 2011 Montreal World Film Festival and was released in December 2011 in France. It was released in the United States in 2013 by Zeitgeist Films and grossed $18529 domestically.
 Los amores de una viuda (The Loves of a Widow) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Tower Block is a British thriller film directed by James Nunn and Ronnie Thompson and written by James Moran. The film stars Sheridan Smith Jack O'Connell Ralph Brown and Russell Tovey and entails residents of an block of flats targeted by an unseen sniper after witnessing the murder of a teenager. Tower Block was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on September 21 2012 and was also the closing film at the 2012 FrightFest Film Festival.
 Nerosubianco styled as nEROSubianco and also released with the international title Attraction is an Italian black comedy (part collage film) directed by Tinto Brass. The film deals with a variety of contemporary themes such as sexual freedom racial tensions and political radicalism from the perspective of a young Italian woman.
 The Rise and Fall of ECW is a 2004 direct-to-video documentary produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It chronicles the history of Philadelphia-based professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling.
 Nobody's Son (Hungarian: A Senki fia) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Pathogen is a 2006 zombie horror independent film written directed and produced by Emily Hagins who was twelve at the time of the film's production. The film was released on March 25 2006 and focuses on several middle school students that discover that an infection is turning people into zombies.
 The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir (French: Le Petit Théâtre de Jean Renoir) is a 1970 television film written and directed by Jean Renoir. The last completed work by Renoir it consists of three short films: The Last Christmas Dinner The Electric Floor Waxer and A Tribute to Tolerance.
 The Betrayed (Dutch: Op Afbetaling) is a 1993 Dutch drama film made for television directed by Frans Weisz. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Mugiko-san to (麦子さんと) is an 2013 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida.
 Vigathakumaran (English title: The Lost Child Malayalam: വിഗതകുമാരൻ) is a 1928 Indian silent film written produced and directed by J. C. Daniel. He also played the role of hero in the movie. A social drama Vigathakumaran was the first Malayalam feature film and J. C. Daniel is considered as the father of Malayalam film industry for this work.
 Space Mutiny (also known as Mutiny in Space) is a 1988 South African science-fiction action film about a mutiny aboard the spaceship known as the Southern Sun.
 Thavamai Thavamirundhu is a 2005 Tamil feature film directed by Cheran. It is a penetrating and artistic depiction of familial bond underscored by a set of life value messages. It explores the father-son relationship and particularly charts the travails an Indian father goes through in raising his sons. The feature was moderately received at the box office compared to Cheran's previous work Autograph. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Family Welfare.
 Robert Kennedy & His Times is a 1985 American television miniseries directed by Marvin J. Chomsky. The miniseries was released in three parts and depicts the life of Robert F. Kennedy.
 Moby Dick is a 1930 all-talking film made by Warner Bros. directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring John Barrymore and Joan Bennett. The film is a sound remake of the 1926 silent movie The Sea Beast which also starred Barrymore.
 Before You Go is a 2002 comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert. The imperfect lives of three sisters are revealed at their unloved mother's funeral.
 Naaigal Jaakirathai (Tamil: நாய்கள் ஜாக்கிரதை ; English: Beware of Dogs ) is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy-thriller film written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan featuring a dog in the lead. The film which also stars Sibiraj is produced by his dad Sathyaraj under the banner Nathambal Film Factory which had earlier produced Lee.
 Oliver Twist is a 1912 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Ivy Millais Alma Taylor and Harry Royston. It is an adaptation of the novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens. It was the directorial debut of Bentley who went on to become a leading British director. It was the first in a series of Dickens adaptations by Bentley.
 The Taming of the Shrew is a 1908 silent film directed by D. W. Griffith. It was based on Shakespeare's play of the same name.The blurb for the film stated if we could see ourselves as others see us what models we would become.
 Listen to Me is a 1989 American drama film written and directed by Douglas Day Stewart. Released on May 5 1989 it stars Kirk Cameron Jami Gertz and Roy Scheider. The film was largely shot on location in the Malibu California area including the campus of Pepperdine University.
 Sivappathigaram (2006) is a Tamil film directed by Karu Pazhaniappan. The film stars Vishal Mamta Mohandas Manivannan Rajan P. Dev Upendra Limaye Ganja Karuppu and Raghuvaran. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Vidyasagar. Mamta Mohandas made her debut in Tamil with this film. The film was released on November 2006 to favourable reviews but became a commercial failure.
 Un dollaro bucato (also known as One Silver Dollar or Blood for a Silver Dollar) is a 1965 Italo-French Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni. Its stars Giuliano Gemma. On release in the United States nearly all of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience. In France the film is known as Le Dollar troué. Gemma was billed as Montgomery Wood as with many of his others. The title song had a successful cover version by Nini Rosso.
 North of the Rio Grande is a lost 1922 silent film western starring Bebe Daniels and Jack Holt and directed by Rollin Sturgeon.
 The Camp on Blood Island is a 1958 British World War II film directed by Val Guest for Hammer Film Productions and starring Carl Möhner André Morell Edward Underdown and Walter Fitzgerald. The film is set in a Japanese prisoner of war camp in British Malaya and deals with the brutal sadistic treatment of Allied prisoners by their captors.
 Les Sœurs fâchées (English: The Angry Sisters; distributed in English as Me and My Sister) is a 2004 French comedy film directed by Alexandra Leclère and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Aaram Haram Aahe is a Marathi movie released on 26 October 1976. The movie was produced by Prem Chitra and directed by Kamlakar Torne. The plot is based on how a spoilt son who has everything in life picks up after his father dies.
 Marrying the Mafia IV (Hangul: 가문의 영광4 - 가문의 수난; hanja: 家門의 榮光4 - 家門 受難; RR: Gamunui Youngkwang 4 - Gamunui Sunan; MR: Kamunŭi yŏnggwang 4 - Kamunŭi Sunan) is a 2011 South Korean film and the fourth installment of Marrying the Mafia series.
 You Were Never Lovelier is a 1942 Hollywood musical romantic comedy film set in Buenos Aires. It stars Fred Astaire and Rita Hayworth and features Adolphe Menjou and Xavier Cugat with music by Jerome Kern and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The film was directed by William A.
 Trouping with Ellen is a 1924 silent era American film starring Basil Rathbone Gaston Glass Helen Chadwick and Mary Thurman.
 Bigfoot: The Unforgettable Encounter is a 1995 American independent family film about the legendary creature Bigfoot and a young boy he befriends. The film was written and directed by Ilyas Akram and co-star Daniel O'Raw and stars Zachery Ty Bryan as the young boy Cody and Mike Hunt as Bigfoot. It was distributed by Republic Pictures Home Video in 1995. All-movie film guide gave it two stars a sentiment mirrored by local film critics Alfie Baker and Benjamin Hunt-Stewart.
 Go After an Easy Prey (Chinese: 瓮中捉鳖) is a Chinese animated film in black and white from 1948. It is also referred to as Turtle Caught in a Jar.
 Memories of a River (Hungarian: Tutajosok) is a 1990 Hungarian drama film directed by Judit Elek. It is a historical film set in 1882 and tells the story of the last trial in Hungary of a Jewish person for ritual murder.
 Marriages (Italian: Matrimoni) is a 1998 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Cristina Comencini. For her performance Cecilia Dazzi won the David di Donatello for best supporting actress.
 Abhi is a 2003 Kannada language film written and directed by Dinesh Babu. The film stars Puneet Rajkumar and Ramya making her debut in the lead roles. This is the second film for Puneet Rajkumar in lead role. Veteran Kannada actor Dr. Rajkumar sang a soundtrack for the film composed by Gurukiran.
 Dance of a Dream (Chinese: 愛君如夢; Cantonese Yale: Oi gwan yue mung) is a 2001 Hong Kong film co-produced and directed by the film's cinematographer Andrew Lau and starring Andy Lau Sandra Ng and Anita Mui.
 A Single Woman is a 2008 film made by Nevada Shakespeare Company and Heroica Films. It was directed by Kamala Lopez and produced by Cameron Crain Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez. The screenplay was by Jeanmarie Simpson based on her play with the same title.
 Hawk the Slayer (1980) is a sword and sorcery movie directed by Terry Marcel and starring John Terry and Jack Palance.
 Breathing (German: Atmen) is a 2011 Austrian art house drama film directed and written by Karl Markovics. The film about a 19-year-old ex-convict who attempts to build a new life amidst his guilt stars Thomas Schubert Karin Lischka and Gerhard Liebmann. It was screened at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pleasures (1986) is a two hour American television film written by Jill Gordon and directed by Sharron Miller. Its cast includes Joanna Cassidy Barry Bostwick Linda Purl Rick Moses and Tracy Nelson.
 Chinthamani Kolacase (translated as Chinthamani Murder File) is a legal thriller movie loosely based on an English short story called The Veteran. Directed by Shaji Kailas with Suresh Gopi in the lead role and Bhavana playing the central character this film narrates the story of a Lal Krishna Viradiyar a brahmin lawyer and his style of law enforcement and criminal verdict for the criminals after the court sessions. The film succeeded in making moolah at the box office.
 Bulldog Drummond Strikes Back is a 1947 film American thriller film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Ron Randell Gloria Henry and Patrick O'Moore. The film is loosely based on the H. C. McNeile novel Knock-Out.
 Eno is a 1973 documentary short film. Its subject is musician Brian Eno shortly after his departure from Roxy Music.
 The Inner Eye is a 1972 short documentary film made by Satyajit Ray on Benode Behari Mukherjee a blind artist and a teacher from Visva-Bharati University a university founded by Rabindranath Tagore at Santiniketan. The twenty minutes documentary features the life and works of Mukherjee in the form of paintings and photographs starring himself.
 For Ellen is a 2012 American drama film written produced and directed by So Yong Kim. It stars Paul Dano who also served as an executive producer.
 Docks of Hamburg or The Carmen of St. Pauli (German:Die Carmen von St. Pauli) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Jenny Jugo Willy Fritsch and Fritz Rasp. It was made by UFA at their Babelsberg Studio with location shooting in Hamburg. Art direction was by Alfred Junge. The film was released in the United States in 1930.
 Madurai Veeran is a 1956 Tamil film directed by D. Yoganand starring M. G. Ramachandran P. Bhanumathi and Padmini. This high-budget production was released on 13 April 1956 and completed a 100-days-run at all the theatres it was screened at.
 Die Blutgräfin (English: The Bloody Countess) is a German-Austrian film about Elizabeth Báthory. The screenplay is by the director of the film Ulrike Ottinger with additional writing by Elfriede Jelinek.
 A Little Bit of Bluff is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Reginald Gardiner Marjorie Shotter and Clifford Heatherley. A man poses as a detective to recover some stolen jewels.
 A Clean Sweep is a 1958 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Thora Hird Eric Barker and Vera Day.
 Fresh Guacamole is a 2012 American animated short film written and directed by PES. The film was nominated for the Best Animated Short Film award of the 85th Academy Awards losing to Paperman. At one minute 36 seconds it is the shortest film ever nominated for an Oscar.After being nominated for an Academy Award the film was released along with all the other 15 Oscar-nominated short films in theaters by ShortsHD.
 My Nappy Roots: A Journey Through Black Hair-itage is a 2008 American documentary film directed by Regina Kimbell.
 Avvai Shanmugi is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and written by Crazy Mohan which is an Indian adaptation of the American comedy film Mrs. Doubtfire. The film features Kamal Haasan in the lead role with Meena Gemini Ganesan Nagesh Heera Manivannan and Nassar. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Deva while the film was produced by Ravindran and Hari. Avvai Shanmughi became a major success among 1996 Deepavali releases.
 The Key is a 1958 war film set in 1940 during the World War II Battle of the Atlantic. It was based on the novel Stella by Jan de Hartog was directed by Carol Reed and starred William Holden Sophia Loren and Trevor Howard.
 Too Late for Love (Mandarin: Feng huo wan li qing) is a 1967 contemporary Hong Kong movie written and directed by Zhen Luo.
 The Heart of Texas is a 2008 American documentary film. The documentary is made up of individuals from Simonton Texas Fulshear Texas and Wallis Texas where most of the film's participants reside. The film features Grover Norwood and Ulice Parker as the primary characters. On November 11 2008 Plaid Shirt Pictures announced that the film would open in Houston area theaters on November 19 2008.
 Yeh Dil Aashiqanaa is an Indian Romantic Action film that is directed by Kuku Kohli. This film stars Karan Nath and Jividha Sharma.
 The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American film directed by Edward Dmytryk based upon the best-selling novel The Carpetbaggers by Harold Robbins. It stars George Peppard as Jonas Cord a character based loosely on Howard Hughes and Alan Ladd as Nevada Smith a former western gunslinger turned actor. Carroll Baker portrays an actress. Filmed in 35mm Panavision this was one of the first movies to be blown up to 70mm (Panavision 70) for premiere screening.
 Reporter is a 2009 documentary film about the work of New York Times columnist Nicholas D. Kristof in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Executive produced by Ben Affleck and directed by Eric Daniel Metzgar the HBO movie captures life in the war-ravaged African country and specifically focuses on the challenges faced by international correspondents in covering the region's crises.
 The Kitten from the Lizyukov street (Russian: Котёнок с улицы Лизюкова) is a Soviet 1988 animated film directed by Vyacheslav Kotenochkin (Soyuzmultfilm).Film features the voices of popular artists Vyacheslav Nevinny and Olga Aroseva.In 2003 a sculpture was opened in Voronezh featuring the characters of this film.The musical introduction to this film was used by Seryoga as the main theme for the film Bumer.
 Love Letter (恋文 Koibumi) is a 1985 Japanese film directed by Tatsumi Kumashiro.
 Carnegie Hall is a 1947 film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. It stars Marsha Hunt and William Prince. The New York City concert venue Carnegie Hall serves as the film's setting for the plot and performances presented. A tribute to classical music and Carnegie Hall the film features appearances by some of the prominent figures of 20th Century music performing within the legendary concert hall.
 Cipher in the Snow is a short story written by Jean Mizer about the death of an ostracized teenager. It was later made into a short film by Brigham Young University in 1973.
 For the Touched by an Angel episode see List of Touched by an Angel episodesThe Feather is a 1929 British romantic drama film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Charlotte Mary Matheson and starring Jameson Thomas Véra Flory Randle Ayrton and Mary Clare. It was made as a silent film with added sound effects and music. It was made by the independent producer Julius Hagen at Elstree Studios.
 Midnight Movie is a 2008 United States horror film from Bigfoot Entertainment in the horror/slasher genre directed by Jack Messitt and produced by Kacy Andrews.
 Mukhara Chaan Warga is a 1969 Punjabi Pakistan film.
 Namath: From Beaver Falls to Broadway is a 2012 documentary film focusing on Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Namath; he had stated that he was reluctant in joining the project but subsequently stated his pleasure in doing so. The film was produced by NFL Films and HBO and aired on the latter on January 28 2012. The film documents Namath's early life in Beaver Falls Pennsylvania followed by his college football career at Alabama and career under Bear Bryant.
 A Very Moral Night (Hungarian: Egy erkölcsös éjszaka) is a 1977 Hungarian comedy film directed by Károly Makk. It was entered into the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Magandang Hatinggabi (literally means Good Midnight) is a 1998 Filipino comedy-horror film directed by Laurenti Dyogi and release by Star Cinema. The film is divided into three episodes each consisting of different set of stories characters and settings. The episodes are presented as a stories of urban legends as told by the character of Noni Buencamino.
 Du har lovet mig en kone! (English: You have promised me a wife!) is a 1935 Norwegian comedy film written by Tancred Ibsen and co-directed by Ibsen and Einar Sissener starring Sissener Randi Brænne and Kirsten Heiberg.
 The Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving is a 1995 direct-to-video animated adventure musical film directed by Roy Allen Smith. It is the second sequel to the The Land Before Time and the third film in the film franchise.
 Miracle on Ice is a 1981 American television sports docudrama for ABC about the United States men's hockey team led by head coach Herb Brooks (Karl Malden) that won the gold medal in the 1980 Winter Olympics. The USA team's victory over the heavily favored Soviet team in the medal round was dubbed the Miracle on Ice. Miracle on Ice was directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and written by Lionel Chetwynd.
 Forgotten Melody for a Flute (Russian: Забытая мелодия для флейты) is a 1987 Russian comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov.
 Wolves Hunt at Night French: Les Loups chassent la nuit is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Bernard Borderie written by Bernard Borderie starring Jean-Pierre Aumont and Louis de Funès.
 Marty is a 1955 American romantic drama film directed by Delbert Mann. The screenplay was written by Paddy Chayefsky expanding upon his 1953 teleplay of the same name. The film stars Ernest Borgnine and Betsy Blair. In addition to gaining an Academy Award for Best Picture the film enjoyed international success becoming the second American film to win the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Marty and The Lost Weekend (1945) are the only two films to win both organizations' grand prizes.
 Red Trousers: The Life of the Hong Kong Stuntmen (Chinese: 紅褲子) is a documentary film directed by Robin Shou.
 Jitterbugs is a 1943 Laurel and Hardy feature film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel and directed by Mal St.Clair.
 Recess: School's Out is a 2001 American animated comedy film based on the Disney television series Recess. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and released theatrically in the United States on February 16 2001.
 La bambolona (internationally released as Baby Doll and Big Baby Doll) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Giraldi. It is the Giraldi's fifth film after four successful spaghetti western and the first film in which he is credited with his real name and not as Frank Garfield. The film also rapresents the first of the four collaborations between Giraldi and the screenwriter Ruggero Maccari.
 The Young Victoria is a 2009 British-American period drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and written by Julian Fellowes based on the early life and reign of Queen Victoria and her marriage to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Graham King Martin Scorsese Sarah Duchess of York and Timothy Headington served as the film's producers.
 At Night They Dance (French: La nuit elles dansent) is a Canadian documentary film released in 2011. Directed by Isabelle Lavigne and Stéphane Thibault the film profiles a group of belly dancers in Cairo Egypt.The film won the Special Jury Prize (Canadian Feature) at the 2011 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and the Genie Award for Best Feature Length Documentary at the 32nd Genie Awards.
 Beyond the Street (German:Jenseits der Straße) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Leo Mittler and starring Lissy Arna Paul Rehkopf and Fritz Genschow. The film is in the Weimar tradition of Street films which examined the lower-depths of society. It has become the film for which Mittler is best known even though he had only been appointed to make it after another director had to withdraw.
 Tintin and the Lake of Sharks (French: Tintin et le lac aux requins) an animated film based on The Adventures of Tintin directed by Raymond Leblanc (1972). It was not written by Hergé who supervised but by the Belgian comics creator Greg (Michel Regnier) a friend of Hergé. It was later adapted into a comic book with still images from the film used as illustrations.
 If My Country Should Call is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 for others with the same name see The Holy Terror (disambiguation)The Holy Terror is a 1937 American film directed by James Tinling and a vehicle for child star Jane Withers. The film follows the comic adventures of 11-year-old Withers as she causes mild havoc and catches spies on her father's naval base. It is one of only three feature films of Joe E. Lewis.
 The Ex-Mrs. Bradford is a 1936 American comedy-mystery film. William Powell and Jean Arthur star as a divorced couple who investigate a murder at a racetrack. This was the last film directed by Stephen Roberts before his untimely death from a heart attack.
 The Nines is a 2007 science fantasy psychological thriller drama film written and directed by John August and starring Ryan Reynolds Hope Davis Melissa McCarthy and Elle Fanning. The film debuted at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and made $63165 in the U.S. box office through October 11 2007.
 Prapancham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Terror Train is a 1980 slasher film directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Jamie Lee Curtis Ben Johnson and David Copperfield. It follows the members of a college fraternity who played a cruel prank on a shy kid named Kenny Hampson three years ago. They are having a costume party on a train; unbeknownst to them someone has boarded the train with them and is killing them all one by one.
 I Was a Spy is a 1933 British thriller film directed by Victor Saville and starring Madeleine Carroll Herbert Marshall and Conrad Veidt.
 King of the Ants is a 2003 American revenge film directed by Stuart Gordon written by Charlie Higson and starring Chris McKenna. It was adapted from Higson's novel of the same name.
 Stolen is a 2009 Australian documentary film that uncovers slavery in the Sahrawi refugee camps controlled by the Polisario Front located in Algeria and in the disputed territory of Western Sahara controlled by Morocco written and directed by Violeta Ayala and Dan Fallshaw.
 Hercules the Invincible (Italian: Ercole l'invincibile) is a 1964 Italian Sword and Sandal film directed by Alvaro Mancori and Lewis Mann and starring Dan Vadis. It is the first of two directing credits for cinematographer Alvaro Mancori.The film is also known as Son of Hercules in the Land of Darkness; this title was for a series of similar films repackaged for television The Sons of Hercules. The film reuses footage and music from Hercules and other films in the genre.
 The Girl of Your Dreams (Spanish: La niña de tus ojos) is a 1998 Spanish drama film produced and directed by Fernando Trueba based on facts: during the Spanish Civil War cinema studios supported the Republic so Franco's followers had to go to Germany or Italy to make fictional films at Universum Film AG known as UFA studios in Berlin to shoot both Spanish and German language versions.
 Saure Wochen – frohe Feste is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Pokémon: Jirachi Wish Maker originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Advanced Generation the Movie: The Wishing Star of Seven Nights: Jirachi (劇場版ポケットモンスターアドバンスジェネレーション 七夜の願い星 ジラーチ Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Adobansu Jenerēshon Nanayo no Negaiboshi Jirāchi) is the sixth film associated with the Pokémon animated series and is the first one featuring the characters from Advanced Generation. It was accompanied by the short Gotta Dance.
 My Brother Jonathan is a 1948 British drama film directed by Harold French adapted from a novel by Francis Brett Young. It starred Michael Denison Dulcie Gray and James Robertson Justice.
 Awara (Hindi: आवारा Āvārā meaning Tramp; also written Awāra and Awaara) is a 1951 Hindi film directed and produced by Raj Kapoor who also plays the leading role. Music was composed by the team of Shankar Jaikishan. Kapoor's real-life father Prithviraj Kapoor stars as his on-screen father Judge Raghunath. Kapoor's youngest real-life brother Shashi Kapoor plays the younger version of his character.
 Keli is a 1991 Malayalam romantic drama film written by John Paul and directed by Bharathan. Starring Jayaram Charmila Innocent Murali and Nedumudi Venu in pivotal roles the film had songs composed by Bharathan himself.
 Thalaivan is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Ramesh Selvan and produced by Chithirai Selvan. The film features Bas and Nikesha Patel in the lead roles while the ensemble cast features Santhanam Suman and Jayaprakash amongst others. The film was released on April 18 2014.
 The Man Upstairs is a 1958 film directed by Don Chaffey. It stars Richard Attenborough and Bernard Lee. The film was produced by Robert Dunbar for Act Films Ltd.
 Borolar Ghor (Assamese: বৰলাৰ ঘৰ Bachelor’s House) is a 2012 bilingual Assamese-Bengali romantic comedy film starring Utpal Das and Debasmita Banerjee in the lead roles. The film was directed and produced by Mani C. Kappan under the banner of Okay Productions. This film was the remake of 1993 superhit Malayalam film Meleparambil Aanveedu which was also produced by Kappan under the same production house. Noted Assamese filmmaker Manju Borah acted as an advisor in the film.
 The Other Half is a 2006 British romantic comedy film written and directed by Marlowe Fawcett and Richard Nockles.
 Jalaibee (Urdu: جلیبی‎) is an upcoming Pakistani feature film directed by Yasir Jaswal and in the production of REDRUM Films Jaswal Films & Sermad Films. Film stars prominent TV actor Danish Taimoor along with Ali Safina Adnan Jaffar Ali Rehman Uzair Jaswal Wiqar Ali Khan and Zhalay Sarhadi.
 Le Récif de corail (English title: Coral Reefs) is a 1938 French language motion picture adventure drama directed by Maurice Gleize. The screenplay was written by Charles Spaak based on novel by Jean Martet. The film stars Jean Gabin Michèle Morgan Pierre Renoir and Gina Manès.It tells the story of a charged innocent Mexican sailor who escapes to a lagoon in the Pacific Ocean. He meets with a lonely girl in the woods having an affair.
 Vidiyal (English: Dawn) is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Selvaraj Joint Secretary of the South Indian Film Artistes' Association which has Sarath Kumar in dual roles and Sneha as the leading lady. The film also has Sruthi Prakash of Naan Avanillai 2 as the other heroine. The film produced by Nalini Sundarajan commenced shoot from 12 March 2010 and is slated to release on June 30 2013.
 War of the Birds (Danish: Fuglekrigen i Kanøfleskoven) is a Danish animated movie directed by Jannik Hastrup in 1990 about two orphan birds Oliver and Olivia who fight against an evil vulture with the help of two mice.
 Road to Life (Original Title: Putyovka v zhizn) is a 1931 drama film directed and written by Nikolai Ekk. The film won an award at the 1932 Venice International Film Festival which went to Nikolai Ekk for Most Convincing Director.
 The Border Legion is a 1918 American Western silent film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Blanche Bates Hobart Bosworth and Eugene Strong. The film is based on the 1916 novel The Border Legion by Zane Grey. The film marked the screen debut of Blanche Bates. The Border Legion was released on August 28 1918. Following the acquisition of distribution rights by Goldwyn Pictures the film was rereleased in the United States on January 19 1919.
 Minoru: Memory of Exile is a 1992 animated documentary about the Japanese Canadian internment by Michael Fukushima.
 Mules and Mortgages is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Borrowed Babies (Hungarian: A kölcsönkért csecsemök) is a 1914 Austro-Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 A Face in the Crowd is a 1957 film starring Andy Griffith Patricia Neal and Walter Matthau directed by Elia Kazan.
 I Know Who Killed Me is a 2007 American horror-thriller film directed by Chris Sivertson and starring Lindsay Lohan. It is the second movie in which Lohan plays twins the first being 1998's The Parent Trap.The film's story revolves around a student who was abducted and tortured by a sadistic serial killer.
 Playing Beatie Bow is a 1986 Australian drama film directed by Donald Crombie. The screenplay by Peter Gawler and Irwin Lane is based on the novel by Ruth Park.
 Maseeha (English: said to describe 'Jesus Christ'as (the divinely angel;a person who cures others like a doctor) is a 2002 Hindi Indian film written by Pradeep Ghatak and directed by Partho Ghosh. The film stars Sunil Shetty and Namrata Shirodkar.
 Gente di Roma is a 2003 Italian comedy mockumentary film directed by Ettore Scola. It is close to Federico Fellini's Roma. The film is dedicated to Alberto Sordi who Scola wanted to close the film as a noble man but he could not film him because he died. Scola's daughters helped to co-write the script.
 Pyari Behna is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bapu starring Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Vinod Mehra Tanvi Azmi and Shakti Kapoor. The film is a remake of the 1978 Tamil film Mullum Malarum starring Rajinikanth. The film also had Ajay Devgan playing the young Mithun Chakraborty.
 L' Homme du large (English: Man of the Sea or Man of the Open Seas) is a 1920 French silent film directed by Marcel L'Herbier and based on a short story by Honoré de Balzac. It was filmed on the rugged southern coast of Brittany creating atmosphere in a film about the forces of good and evil that motivate human behaviour.
 Unbroken is an upcoming war drama film produced and directed by Angelina Jolie and scripted by Joel and Ethan Coen. Earlier drafts were written by William Nicholson and Richard LaGravenese. The film stars Jack O'Connell Garrett Hedlund and Domhnall Gleeson. The film is based on the life of Olympic athlete Louis Zamperini.
 Adiyozhukkukal (Malayalam: അടിയൊഴുക്കുകള്‍ (Undercurrents)) is a 1984 Malayalam drama film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair; starring Mammootty Seema Mohanlal Balan K. Nair Vincent and Rahman in the main roles. The film was produced by Kochumon under the banner of Casino and was distributed by Century Films.Mammootty received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for his performance as Karunan and Jayanan Vincent won the award for Best Cinematography.
 L: Change the World also known as Death Note: L Change the World or Death Note III is a 2008 Japanese film that is a spin-off to the Death Note film series. Although the film is inspired by the manga Death Note that was written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata it follows an original storyline. It is set at end of Death Note II: The Last Name.The film is directed by Hideo Nakata and it stars actor Kenichi Matsuyama as the character L.
 Strictly Dynamite is a 1934 American film starring Lupe Velez and Jimmy Durante. Norman Foster plays a poet whose life changes when he begins writing comedy for Durante and develops an infatuation for Durante's volatile partner.
 You Are What You Eat is a 1968 American counterculture semi-documentary movie that attempts to capture the essence of the 1960s flower power hippie era and the Haight & Ashbury scene. The film features locally known personalities including well known and somewhat mythical pot dealer Super Spade and musicians of the day including Tiny Tim David Crosby and Peter Yarrow etc.
 Forget Me Not is a 1922 silent film melodrama directed by W.S. Van Dyke and distributed by Metro Pictures. The film starred Bessie Love and Gareth Hughes. It is now lost.
 Bichunmoo is a South Korean martial arts film written and directed by Kim Young-jun featuring Kim Hee-sun and Shin Hyun-joon. Originally released in 2000 it was at the time the most expensive film in Korean history (an honor it soon lost to Musa).In 12th-century China during Mongol rule childhood sweethearts Jin-ha and Sullie are separated but vow to reunite. Orphan Jin-ha begins training in the Bichun martial arts and discovers his father was a swordsman murdered by the Mongol army.
 The Garden of Earthly Delights (Ogród rozkoszy ziemskich) is a 2004 film by the Polish director Lech Majewski. It follows two lovers as they roam Venice Italy.
 Corpus Callosum is a 2007 film by Sarah Nagy and Bryan Felber. It debuted in the United States on December 13 2007. It is named after the bridge of neural connections between the left and right sides of the brain.
 The 40th Door (Azerbaijani: 40-ci qapi) is a 2009 Azerbaijan film directed and co-produced by Elcin Musaoglu.
 Exists is a 2014 horror film that was directed by Eduardo Sánchez. The film had its world premiere on March 7 2014 at South by Southwest and stars Chris Osborn and Samuel Davis as two brothers hunting for the legendary Sasquatch.
 Dil Dhadakne Do is a Hindi film directed by Zoya Akhtar and produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar's Excel Entertainment. The film features an ensemble cast including Farhan Akhtar Ranveer Singh Priyanka Chopra Anushka Sharma and Anil Kapoor. The film evolves around a dysfunctional Punjabi family on a cruise trip where the film is based on. The film is slated to release on June 5 2015.
 Our Man in Havana is a 1959 British film shot in CinemaScope directed and produced by Carol Reed and starring Alec Guinness Burl Ives Maureen O'Hara Ralph Richardson Noël Coward and Ernie Kovacs. The film is adapted from the 1958 novel Our Man in Havana by Graham Greene. The film takes the action of the novel and gives it a more comedic touch. The movie marks Carol Reed's third collaboration with Graham Greene.
 Footsteps in the Sand (Bulgarian: Стъпки в пясъка) is a 2010 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ivaylo Hristov.
 Far from Home is a 1989 independent thriller film. It stars Matt Frewer Drew Barrymore Richard Masur Susan Tyrrell Jennifer Tilly Dick Miller and Anthony Rapp. John Spencer also appears in a cameo appearance. It centers on a divorced father who breaks down in a desert town along with his teenage daughter forced to stay in a trailer park they attract the intentions of a troubled local who becomes dangerously fixated on one of them.
 Dindigul Sarathy is a 2008 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Siva Sanmukan starring Karunaas Karthika Livingston Nassar Saranya Puja Bharati M. S. Baskar Periyar Dasan Manobala Mayilsamy and Shanumuga Rajan. It is a remake of Vadakkunokkiyantram (1989) a popular Malayalam film by Sreenivasan.
 Bhalo Theko (Bengali: ভাল থেকো translation: Take Care) is a Bengali movie based on Leena Gangopadhaya's story Janmadin released in 2003. Directed by Gautam Halder it featured Soumitra Chatterjee Joy Sengupta Debshankar Halder and Vidya Balan. This movie is Vidya Balan's cinematic debut.
 Hell Ride is a 2008 American action film written and directed by Larry Bishop and starring Bishop Michael Madsen Dennis Hopper Eric Balfour Vinnie Jones Leonor Varela and David Carradine. It was released under the Quentin Tarantino Presents banner. The film is a homage to the outlaw biker films of the sixties and seventies.
 Valkyrie is a 2008 American-German historical thriller film set in Nazi Germany during World War II. The film depicts the 20 July plot in 1944 by German army officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and to use the Operation Valkyrie national emergency plan to take control of the country. Valkyrie was directed by Bryan Singer for the American studio United Artists and the film stars Tom Cruise as Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg one of the key plotters.
 The Ocean of Tears is a 2012 Kashmiri short documentary film produced by Rajiv Mehrota under the banner of Public Service Broadcasting Trust of India. The film is a documentary of the crimes and human rights violations impositioned on the people of Kashmir especially on women. The film raises the issue of mass rape incident of Kunan Poshpora.The film supported by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (India) was stopped and banned from screening at the University of Kashmir.
 White Night (Hangul: 백야행: 하얀 어둠 속을 걷다; RR: Baek-yahaeng: Ha-yan Eodum Sok-eul Geotda; lit. White Night: Walking Through White Darkness) is a 2009 South Korean mystery thriller starring Han Suk-kyu Son Ye-jin and Go Soo. It was based on the Japanese novel Byakuyakō by Keigo Higashino.
 Seeta Rama Kalyanam is a 1961 Telugu film starring N. T. Rama Rao.
 Devotion (Italian title L'edera) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.The film is adapted from the famous Italian novel L'Edera written by Grazia Deledda and published in 1908.
 Shapeshifter is a 2005 horror film with supernatural elements created by the independent film group The Asylum.
 Rebel Rousers is a 1970 independent outlaw biker film starring Cameron Mitchell Jack Nicholson Diane Ladd Bruce Dern and Harry Dean Stanton. Filmed in 1967 but held back for release until 1970 this is one of several motorcycle gang films of the period to feature Nicholson Dern and Stanton.
 Ramona is a 1910 American short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith based on Helen Hunt Jackson's 1884 novel Ramona. A copy of the print survives in the Library of Congress film archive.
 When You're Strange is a 2009 documentary about the Doors.
 Adventure of the King is a 2010 Hong Kong historical romantic comedy film directed by Chung Shu-kai and written by Tsang Kan-cheung Chan Man-keung and Lee Si-cheun. The film stars Richie Jen Barbie Hsu Huo Siyan and Law Kar-ying. The film premiered in Hong Kong and Mainland China on 19 August 2010.
 Searching for Sonny is a 2011 independent film and the feature film debut of writer/director Andrew Disney. The film released on October 22 2011 and stars Jason Dohring as one of several people involved in a murder mystery.
 Alone (Thai: แฝด or Fad literally twin) is a 2007 Thai horror film directed by Banjong Pisanthanakun and Parkpoom Wongpoom a duo whose debut film Shutter was a box-office smash in Thailand and other Asian countries. Alone stars Thai-German pop singer Marsha Wattanapanich in her first film role in 15 years.'
 The Conman is a 1998 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau Athena Chu and Nick Cheung. Despite the Chinese title which translates as Knight of Gamblers 1999 Andy Lau does not reprise his role as the Knight of Gamblers from the God of Gamblers series which was also directed by Wong Jing. The film was followed by a sequel The Conmen in Vegas which Lau and Cheung return with new cast members Natalis Chan Kelly Lin Meggie Yu and Alex Man.
 That Man: Peter Berlin secondary title Artist Model Porn Star Legend; He Was His Own Work of Art is a 2005 documentary directed by Jim Tushinski about the popular gay icon Peter Berlin.In the documentary Berlin narrates his own life in various candid interviews. Many other artists (porn stars photographers writers contemporaries) comment on his legacy in gay culture.
 The Exceptional Jivatma Valettas is a 2007 documentary film by Canadian filmmaker Will Inrig. The film received post-production and technical support from the National Film Board of Canada and was released at the Canadian Film Institute.The film is a cinéma vérité look at the eccentric Valettas family during their teenage son’s soccer championship in Ottawa.
 Apan Amar Apan is a 1990 Bengali film directed by Tarun Majumdar and produced by Pradip Kundalia. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Tapas Pal and Satabdi Roy in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by R. D. Burman.
 Cops and Robbers is a 1993 Australian-New Zealand film about a bankrupt man who embarks on a career of crime.
 Operation Antha is 1995 Indian Kannada language film starring Ambareesh and directed by Upendra. It is a direct sequel to the 1981 movie Antha which also starred Ambareesh. Ambareesh reprises his role as Kanwar Lal.
 Of Unknown Origin is a 1983 Canadian-American horror film directed by George P. Cosmatos and starring Peter Weller. It was written by Brian Taggert and based on the novel The Visitor by Chauncey G. Parker III. It was filmed on location in Montreal Quebec but set in New York City. The film won two awards at the Paris Film Festival.
 Fay Grim is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Hal Hartley. The film is a sequel to Hartley's 1997 film Henry Fool and revolves around the title character played by Parker Posey the sister of Simon Grim (James Urbaniak). The plot revolves around Fay's attempt to unravel an increasingly violent mystery in Europe.The film was shot almost entirely in Dutch angles meaning the vast majority of shots are framed diagonally or tilted.
 Alaska Highway is a 1943 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 Tammy is an upcoming 2014 American comedy film directed by Ben Falcone and co-written with Melissa McCarthy. The film stars McCarthy Susan Sarandon Allison Janney Toni Collette Sandra Oh Dan Aykroyd and Kathy Bates. The film is set to be released on July 2 2014.
 Ab Morgen is a German film directed by Raphael Wallner. It was released in 2011.
 Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum is a 2009 Indian Tamil drama film directed by debutante Rajamohan who earlier worked under renowned directors like A. Venkatesh and S. D. Vijay Milton which stars newcomers Ramakrishnan and Thananya in lead roles. It is produced by SPB Charan under his banner Capital Film Works and has musical score by acclaimed music director Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film released on 24 April 2009 to Good responses.
 Maria Marten is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Walter West starring Trilby Clark Warwick Ward and Dora Barton. It is based on the real story of the Red Barn Murder in the 1820s and is one of five film versions of the events. When his secret lover tells him she is pregnant and asks him to marry her the villanous squire murders her in the village barn.
 Deli Yürek: Bumerang Cehennemi (Crazy Heart: Boomerang Hell) is a 2001 Turkish action film written and directed by Osman Sınav. It is spun off from the TV series Deli Yürek.
 Tragedy of Youth (German: Jugendtragödie) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Roland Varno Eva Speyer and Jaro Fürth. The son of a washerwoman is sent to a reform school for a minor crime but breaks out and committs a murder.
 Aakhri Badla is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mangal Chakraborty starring Mithun Chakraborty Yogita Bali Prem Chopra Tom Alter Jayshree T. and Shiva Rindani.
 Loot (Nepali: लूट) is a 2012 Nepali crime action film written and directed by Nischal Basnet. It stars young emerging actors from Nepal's film industry: Saugat Malla Karma Shakya Dayahang Rai Prateek Raj Neupane Sushil Raj Pandey Reecha Sharma Srijana Subba Pravin Khatiwada and Sushma Karki. The film revolves around contemporary Kathmandu Nepal where five ordinary guys try to find quick ways to get rich.
 Khan Kluay (Thai: ก้านกล้วย; RTGS: Kan Kluai; pronounced [kâːn klûai]) is a 2006 Thai computer-animated feature film set during Ayutthaya-era Siam about an elephant who wanders away from his mother and eventually becomes the war elephant for King Naresuan.
 Riem Chbong Yeung is a 1972 Cambodian romance film directed by So Min Chiv and stars Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 Allt flyter (lit. Everything floats English festival title The Swimsuit Issue) is a 2008 Swedish film directed by Måns Herngren.
 Ek Din Pratidin (English title: And Quiet Rolls the Dawn) is a 1979 Bengali movie directed by Mrinal Sen. The film stars Mamata Shankar Gita Sen and Sreela Majumdar among others. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Great Mouse Detective is a 1986 American animated mystery film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation originally released to movie theaters on July 2 1986 by Walt Disney Pictures. The 26th feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics the film was directed by Burny Mattinson David Michener and the team of John Musker and Ron Clements who later directed Disney's hit films The Little Mermaid and Aladdin.
 Dans l'eau qui fait des bulles is a French comedy film from 1961 directed by Maurice Delbez written by Marcel Prêtre starring Louis de Funès. In France the film is also known under the title Le garde-champêtre mène l'enquête (alternative title); other titles: Un cadavere in fuga (Italy) Louis die Schnatterschnauze (West Germany) Louis lass die Leiche liegen (West Germany). the scenario was written on the basis of Les Pittuiti's of Michel Duran.
 Martin and Lewis is a 2002 CBS TV film written and directed by John Gray portraying the lives of the comedy team of Martin and Lewis. The film featured Jeremy Northam as Dean Martin and Sean Hayes as Jerry Lewis.
 Bloody Wednesday is a thriller movie based on the events of the San Ysidro McDonald's massacre and was directed by Mark G. Gilhuis.
 Volcano is a 1997 disaster movie directed by Mick Jackson and produced by Andrew Z. Davis Neal H. Moritz and Lauren Shuler Donner. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Jerome Armstrong and Billy Ray. The film features Tommy Lee Jones Anne Heche and Don Cheadle. Jones is cast as the head of a crisis agency called the Office of Emergency Management (O.E.M.) which has complete authority in the event of an emergency or natural disaster.
 Karel Havlíček Borovský is a 1925 Czechoslovak biographical film drama directed by Karel Lamač. It is about Karel Havlíček Borovský and is set during the 1848 revolutions.
 The River Within is a 2009 film written and directed by Zac Heath. The film was produced by Inspired Life Films and Fabled Motion Pictures and released in theaters September 11 2009 and on DVD November 10 2009 by its distributor Cloud Ten Pictures. It was shot on location along the Spring River in Arkansas on an extremely tight $40000 budget.
 Ferrari is a 2003 bio-pic based on the book by Enzo Biagi. It depicts Enzo Ferrari's rise from a successful race driver to one of the most famous entrepreneurs of all time. Being interviewed by a fictitious intrusive young journalist he recalls his setbacks and personal losses. He also expresses his regrets about race drivers who met with an accident. The film finishes with a dedication by Piero Ferrari: In loving memory of my father and of my brother Dino.
 A Decade Under the Influence is a 2003 American documentary film directed by Ted Demme and Richard LaGravenese. It was produced by Independent Film Channel. It's about the turning point in American cinema in the 1970s.
 Beck – Det tysta skriket is a 2007 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Gekkō no Kamen (月光ノ仮面) is an 2012 Japanese film written and directed by Itsuji Itao.
 Not to be confused with the Danish monster film Reptilicus.Yonggary (용가리 – Yonggari released in the U.S. as Reptilian) is a 1999 South Korean Kaiju film. It is a contemporary reimagining of the original 1967 film Yonggary. The film was released in Korea in 1999 as Yonggary but released in the United States under the new title Reptilian in 2001. The film was met with generally unfavorable reviews. The film's acting soundtrack and CGI were the targets of such criticism.
 The Spirit of America is a 1963 American short documentary film produced by Algernon G. Walker. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Mountain of the Cannibal God (Italian title: La montagna del dio cannibale) is an Italian cult movie starring Ursula Andress and Stacy Keach with English dialogue that was filmed in Sri Lanka. The film was also widely released as Slave of the Cannibal God and released in the UK as Prisoner of the Cannibal God with a poster designed by Sam Peffer. The film was banned in the UK until 2001 for its graphic violence and considered a video nasty.
 It's in the Bag is a 1936 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Jimmy Nervo Teddy Knox and Jack Barty. Two low-level workers acquire some money and decide to open a nightclub together. It was made at Teddington Studios by the British subsidiary of Warner Brothers. Art direction was by Peter Proud.
 The Ragamuffin is a 1916 American silent drama film directed and written by William C. deMille. The film stars Blanche Sweet in a 'Pickfordish' style role.
 Janko Zwycięzca is a 1921 Polish silent film comedy directed by Gustaw Cybulski.
 Le Pion is a 1978 French comedy film directed by Christian Gion starring Henri Guybet and Claude Jade.Bertrand Barabi (Henri Guybet) is a French teacher and deputy supervisor in a school in province. He attended the literary circles of his city and he is despised by his students as the teachers of the institution. Bertrand Barabi lives for the sake of miss Thuillier professor of French.
 Amor Estranho Amor (English title: Love Strange Love) is a 1982 Brazilian film. The film stars Vera Fischer Tarcísio Meira and Xuxa Meneghel was directed and written by Walter Hugo Khouri and produced by Anibal Massaini Neto by Cinearte.
 Heathen is a 2009 British thriller film directed by Ross Shepherd. It tells the story of William Hunt a reclusive railway worker who suddenly finds himself on the trail of his missing brother when he is sent mysterious clues relating to his disappearance. Shot in the city of Brighton Heathen is a no budget film.
 The Last Warhorse is a 1986 Australian film about a Japanese businessman who tries to acquire a property belonging to a horse owning family. It was shot in Wahroonga and Glebe.
 Iodo (이어도) is a 1977 South Korean mystery film directed by Kim Ki-young and based on the 1974 novel of the same title by Lee Cheong-jun. It was shown at the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 De Boekverfilming is a 1999 Dutch comedy film directed by Eddy Terstall.
 Intermezzo is a 1936 Swedish drama film directed by Gustaf Molander about a concert violinist falling in love with his daughter's piano teacher. The cast includes Gösta Ekman and Ingrid Bergman in the leads. This film led to Bergman gaining her contract with David O. Selznick and acting in an American remake opposite Leslie Howard.
 Deadly Little Christmas is a 2009 direct-to-video horror film directed by Novin Shakiba and written by Jeremiah Campbell.
 Night People is an Irish Horror / Science fiction film which marks the feature film debut of director Gerard Lough and stars Michael Parle Jack Dean-Sheperd and Claire Blennerhassett. The film is divided up into four interconnecting stories. One of which focuses on a pair of highly organized but badly mismatched thieves as they break into an abandoned house to carry out an insurance scam. Their story soon intertwines with three other sinister tall tales.
 Moment to Moment is a 1966 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Jean Seberg as a married woman who has an affair which leads to murder.
 Wolf Children (おおかみこどもの雨と雪 Ōkami Kodomo no Ame to Yuki lit. Wolf Children Ame and Yuki) is a 2012 Japanese animated film directed and co-written by Mamoru Hosoda. The film stars the voices of Aoi Miyazaki Takao Osawa Haru Kuroki and Yukito Nishii. In Wolf Children Hana falls in love with a Wolfman.
 Anti-hero is a 1999 action film directed by Matt Jaissle and stars Isaac Cooper Craig Smith Mark Arndt Dave Bramwell Todd Tjersland Steve Sheppard and Sam Walt. The film revolves around a second-rate TV actor Ace Baldwin (Cooper) and his co-star Rick Beverly (Smith) who together are the main stars of a low-budget low-quality super-hero television series relatively unknown in the US but is allegedly #3 in Mexico. The film was shot in and around Olympia Washington.
 False Light or Vals licht is a 1993 Dutch film directed by Theo van Gogh.
 Lawrence of Arabia is a 1962 British epic adventure drama film based on the life of T. E. Lawrence. It was directed by David Lean and produced by Sam Spiegel through his British company Horizon Pictures with the screenplay by Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson. The film stars Peter O'Toole in the title role. It is widely considered one of the greatest and most influential films in the history of cinema.
 Priyappetta Nattukare (Malayalam: പ്രിയപ്പെട്ട നാട്ടുകാരേ) is a 2011 Malayalam political thriller film directed by debutant Sreejith Palery starring Kalabhavan Mani Bala and Lakshmi Sharma in the lead roles.
 The Other (German: Der Andere) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Fritz Kortner Käthe von Nagy and Heinrich George. It was based on the 1893 play Der Andere by Paul Lindau. A French-language version The Prosecutor Hallers was shot by Wiene immediately afterwards in the same Berlin studio but with different actors.
 Tomorrow (Italian: Domani) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 La professoressa di scienze naturali is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.
 The Caterpillar Wish (also known as Caterpillar Wish) is a 2006 Australian coming-of-age film directed by Sandra Sciberras and starring and ensemble cast including Victoria Thaine Susie Porter and Philip Quast. It was filmed in and around Robe South Australia. The Caterpillar Wish was released in Australia on 15 June 2006.
 What the Snow Brings (雪に願うこと Yuki ni Negau Koto) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Kichitaro Negishi and based on a novel by Sho Narumi.
 Even in My Dreams is a 2008 short film written and directed by Flavio Alves starring Richard Reade as the main character Michael. Considering its shoestring budget Even in My Dreams was a huge success getting screened at a variety of film festivals all over the world.Even My Dreams was filmed in New York City in the spring of 2008. It debuted at the Vermont International Film Festival and received from NYU the Technisphere Award for best student film.
 Stories USA (released on DVD as American Breakdown) compiles six cinematic stories about desperate lives in America starring many of the world's top actors including Josh Hartnett Steve Carell James Gandolfini Scott Caan and directed by seven different directors including Paul Carafotes.This collection was released at the 2007 American Film Market. Stories USA was executive produced by Thomas Bannister.
 Switch is an 2013 Chinese-Hong Kong action film directed by Jay Sun and starring Andy Lau Tong Dawei Zhang Jingchu and Lin Chi-ling.
 Hannah Free is a 2009 American lesbian romance film adapted from Claudia Allen's play of the same name. It is a story about living loving and letting go. Hannah and Rachel grew up as little girls in the same small Midwest town where traditional gender expectations eventually challenged their deep love for one another. Hannah becomes an adventurous unapologetic lesbian and Rachel a strong but quiet homemaker.
 Aakkramanam (1981) is an Indian film in the Malayalam language by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Madhu Jayan Balan K. Nair Sathar Sreevidya and Jayabharathi.
 Suikerfreule is a 1935 Dutch film directed by Haro van Peski.
 The Desert Breed is a 1915 American silent Western film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. It is now considered to be a lost film.
 Au nom du Christ aka In the name of Christ is a parable exploring the proliferation of pseudo-Christian sects in Africa. A pig herder despised by the whole of his village sees a vision in which he is informed that he has been chosen by God to save his people. He starts a new sect. After performing several miracles he soon boasts a large army of disciples yearning for spiritual fulfillment.
 The Old Curiosity Shop is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mabel Poulton William Lugg and Hugh E. Wright. It is based on the novel The Old Curiosity Shop by Charles Dickens. Bentley remade the novel as a sound film The Old Curiosity Shop in 1934.
 The Treasure Hunter (Chinese: 刺陵; pinyin: Ci Ling) is a 2009 Taiwanese action film directed by Taiwanese director Chu Yin-Ping and stars Taiwanese actors Jay Chou and Lin Chi-ling. Ching Siu-tung served as action director.
 Comrade Kim Goes Flying is a 2012 joint British-Belgian-North Korean romantic comedy feature film set and filmed in Pyongyang North Korea.
 Mega Piranha (also known as Megapiranha) is a 2010 science fiction disaster film produced by The Asylum.It was directed by Eric Forsberg and stars Tiffany Paul Logan and Barry Williams. In the tradition of The Asylum's catalog this film is a mockbuster of Piranha 3-D. It was filmed in Belize Central America.
 Stunt King is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Bean (known as Bean: The Ultimate Disaster Movie or Mr. Bean: The Movie in promotional materials and home releases) is a 1997 British-American comedy film based on the popular ITV comedy television series Mr. Bean which was written by and starring Rowan Atkinson as the title character. The main plot follows Bean entrusted to unveil the priceless painting Whistler's Mother which has been bought by an American art gallery to return the greatest American painting to the United States.
 24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American feature-length documentary that captures the people and stories behind a single day's posts on the classified ad website Craigslist. The film made with the approval of Craigslist's founder Craig Newmark is woven from interviews with the site's users all of whom opted in to be contacted by the production when they submitted their posts on August 4 2003.
 Desperate Poaching Affray (known in the United States as The Poachers) is a 1903 British chase film by William Haggar. Three minutes long the film is recognised as an early influence on narrative drama in American film especially in chase genre. The film used a number of innovative techniques including on location shooting panning shots and clever use of screen edges.
 The Amazons was a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Kaufman and starred Marguerite Clark Elsie Lawson and Helen Greene. The film was based on the 1883 play of the same name by Sir Arthur Wing Pinero and adapted for the screen by Frances Marion. It was produced and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures under the Famous Players-Lasky name. The film is now presumed lost.
 Dharmathin Thalaivan is a 1988 Tamil film directed by S. P. Muthuraman starring Rajinikanth Prabhu Ganesan Charlie Nassar Captain Raju Kushboo and Suhasini. The film is the remake of hindi movie Kasme Vaade starring Amitabh Bachchan and Randhir Kapoor. The film marked the debut of Kushboo in Tamil cinema. It was declared superhit at the box office and completed a 100 day run in many centres.
 Shaolin (released in the Hong Kong as The New Shaolin Temple) is a 2011 Chinese-Hong Kong martial arts film produced and directed by Benny Chan and starring Andy Lau Nicholas Tse Wu Jing and Jackie Chan.
 Zapatlela (झपाटलेला ) is a Marathi horror comedy movie which was released in 1993. It is directed by Mahesh Kothare. It is followed by sequel Zapatlela 2 released 20 years later (in 2013).The film has the renowned artist ventriloquist Ramdas Padhye along with his famous evil puppet Tatya Vinchu. The film stars Laxmikant Berde as Laxmikant Bolke with Mahesh Kothare as CID Inspector Mahesh Jadhav and Dilip Prabhavalkar as Tatya Vinchu.
 Children of the Corn: Revelation is a 2001 horror film directed by Guy Magar. It was released straight to DVD as the seventh installment of the Children of the Corn and was followed by Children of the Corn: Genesis.
 UHF is a 1989 American comedy film starring Weird Al Yankovic David Bowe Fran Drescher Victoria Jackson Kevin McCarthy Michael Richards Gedde Watanabe Billy Barty Anthony Geary Emo Philips and Trinidad Silva to whose memory the film is dedicated. The film was directed by Jay Levey Yankovic's manager who also co-wrote the screenplay with him. It was released by Orion Pictures.
 Father was a Fullback is a 1949 black-and-white Twentieth Century Fox film based on a comedy by Clifford Goldsmith. The film is about a college American football coach and his woes. The film stars Fred MacMurray Maureen O'Hara Natalie Wood and Betty Lynn.
 For His Son is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. The film was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when Biograph Company and other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives today.
 Circus in the Circus (Czech: Cirkus v cirkuse) is a 1976 Czechoslovakian comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský. It was selected as the Czechoslovakian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Seven Keys is a 1961 British crime thriller directed by Pat Jackson and starring Alan Dobie.
 Everyone's in Love (Italian: Tutti innamorati) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giuseppe Orlandini.
 Blackout is a 1950 English crime drama film directed by Robert S. Baker. The film featured Maxwell Reed Dinah Sheridan Patric Doonan Kynaston Reeves Annette D. Simmonds Eric Pohlmann Michael Evans and Michael Brennan in the lead roles. The film depicts the story of an engineer(Maxwell Reed) who is able to find out the murderes involved in a murder mystery with the help of Patricia Dale (Dinah Sheridan).The film was the first featured appearance of Ronald Leigh-Hunt.
 Redenzione is a 1952 Italian film directed by Piero Caserini.
 Escalation is a 1968 Italian film written and directed by Roberto Faenza and starring actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Fearless Tiger (called Black Pearls in some countries) is a 1991 Canadian martial arts movie directed by Ron Hulme.
 Jutro idziemy do kina (English: Tomorrow we are going to the movies) is a 2007 Polish Television movie directed by Michał Kwieciński. It tells a story of three friends who graduated from high school in May 1938. Two of them joined the army and the third became a student of medicine. After graduation they frequently meet each other and in the summer of 1939 when war becomes imminent they try not to keep themselves too occupied with it.
 Sallapam is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Sundardas and written by A. K. Lohithadas; starring Dileep Manoj K. Jayan and Manju Warrier in the lead roles. The music was composed by Johnson. The film was remade in Telugu as Egire Paavurama.
 Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated feature film distributed by TriStar Pictures. The film is based on the Topper Toys/Mattel toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series of the same name. It was directed by Pierre DeCelles and stars the voices of Brennan Howard B.J.
 Afghan Breakdown (Russian: Афганский излом translit. Afganskiy Izlom) is a 1990 war drama film about the Soviet war in Afghanistan directed by Vladimir Bortko and co-produced by Italy and the Soviet Union (Lenfilm).
 The Source is a 2002 movie directed by S. Lee Taylor. The story concerns four teenagers who obtain superhuman powers allowing them to control others.It released under the name The Source (The Secret Craft) in the UK. In the U.S. it was released on DVD as The Surge.
 Far Side of the Moon in original French La face cachée de la lune is a 2003 film by Robert Lepage. The film is based on the play by the same name by Lepage and Adam Nashman. The film is set in the context of the USSR-United States Space Race of the 1960s. The leading characters are the brothers André and Philippe both played by Robert Lepage. The film was Canada's official nomination for the foreign-language Oscar.
 The Awakening of Helena Richie is a surviving 1916 silent film produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures. It is based on the 1906 novel The Awakening of Helena Richie by Margaret Deland and the 1909 Broadway play based on the novel starring Margaret Anglin and then child actor Raymond Hackett. This silent film version brings Ethel Barrymore to the Helena Richie role (as Anglin refused to do films) and Barrymore's surname meant better business in the movie world.
 You Can't Buy Everything (1934) is an American movie released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It stars May Robson Jean Parker and Lewis Stone. Working titles of the film were Rich Widow and Old Hannibal. According to Motion Picture Herald the principal character of Hannah Bell (played by May Robson) was modeled after Hetty Green famous as the miserly Witch of Wall Street.
 Kill or Be Killed is a martial arts movie that was made in South Africa in 1977 and was titled Karate Olympiad but released in 1980 to capitalize on the popularity of American martial arts films.
 Pattikkaattu Raja (Tamil: பட்டிக்காட்டு ராஜா) is a Tamil language film starring Sivakumar in the title role. Kamal Haasan Jayachitra and Jayasudha also portray important roles.
 Capturing Bad Bill is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 City of God (Malayalam: സിറ്റി ഓഫ് ഗോഡ്) is a 2011 Indian crime thriller film directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery and written by Babu Janardhanan. It tells the story of Tamil migrant workers and a team of land mafia criminals in the city of Kochi. It stars Indrajith Prithviraj Rajeev Pillai Rohini Parvathi Rima Kallingal and Swetha Menon.The film uses the hyperlink cinema format as its narrative structure a technique first used by Satyajit Ray in his Kanchenjungha (1962).
 Francesco is a 1989 docu-drama relating in flashback St. Francis of Assisi's evolution from rich man's son to religious humanitarian and finally to full-fledged saint. The film was based on Hermann Hesse's Francis of Assisi which director Liliana Cavani had previously filmed in 1966. It was shot in the Italian region of Abruzzo and it stars Mickey Rourke and Helena Bonham Carter.
 Omicidio per appuntamento is a 1966 giallo film directed by Mino Guerrini. The film stars George Ardisson Günther Stoll and Ella Karin. The film has been described as stylish and flamboyant and has been seen as inspired by the work of Mario Bava.Omicidio per appuntamento depicts the investigation of a disappearance by Vince Dreyser (Ardisson) a private detective in Rome who is searching for a vanished friend. Dreyser's investigation leads him into the city's criminal underworld.
 The Hawk is a 1993 British film starring Helen Mirren George Costigan Rosemary Leach Owen Teale and Melanie Hill.
 Big City is a 1948 film.
 Tarka (Kannada: ತರ್ಕ) is a 1988 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Shankar Nag Devraj Vanita Vasu. Tarka was Sunil Kumar Desai's first movie as a director.
 Twin Sitters is a 1994 American family-oriented comedy film directed by John Paragon. The plot revolves around twin bodybuilders who protect twin child pranksters left by a corrupt uncle in their care.The film stars Peter Paul David Paul and Christian and Joseph Cousins. The screenplay was written and directed by John Paragon.
 Grounds for Marriage is a 1951 American romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. Written and produced by Samuel Marx the film stars Van Johnson and Kathryn Grayson.
 Art Is... is a 1971 American short documentary film directed by Julian Krainin. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Cross The T's and Gouge Your I's is Sum 41's second DVD. It was released in 2002 as the bonus DVD for the USA and UK editions of their hit album Does This Look Infected? and as a separate DVD worldwide.The DVD includes six sections: Play Videos Reign of Pain Home Movies Pain for Pleasure Songs Lucifer Recommends and Weblink.
 Charles' Aunt (Danish: Charles' tante) is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
 Lotus Lantern (Chinese: 宝莲灯; pinyin: Băo lián dēng) is a Chinese animated feature film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio.
 Salviamo la montagna muore is a 1952 Italian film.
 http://www.movieposter.com/posters/archive/main/15/b70-7977Your Cheatin' Heart is a 1964 musical directed by Gene Nelson, starring George Hamilton, Susan Oliver and Red Buttons.
 Appuntamento a Ischia is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Domenico Modugno.
 Women for Sale is a 2005 documentary by Nili Tal. It explores the phenomenon of Russian women who immigrate to Israel to work as prostitutes.
 Zatoichi and the Chest of Gold (座頭市千両首 Zatōichi senryō-kubi) is a 1964 Japanese Chambara film directed by Kazuo Ikehiro starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures). Zatoichi and the Chest of Gold is the sixth episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Foxy Brown is a 1974 American blaxploitation film written and directed by Jack Hill. It stars Pam Grier as the title character described by one character as a whole lot of woman who showcases unrelenting sexiness while battling the villains.
 Killers (キラーズ kirāzu) is a 2003 theatrical compilation of five short film thrillers by five different Japanese directors. This compilation concept's official name is Omnibus Action Movie.
 Sex Hygiene is a 1942 American documentary film directed by John Ford and Otto Brower. It belonged to the instructional social guidance film genre which offered adolescent and adult behavioural advice medical information and moral exhortations.
 Assassination Tango is a 2002 crime thriller about an assassin's discovery of Argentine tango written produced directed by and starring Robert Duvall a self-confessed tango addict. Other actors include Rubén Blades Kathy Baker and Duvall's Argentine wife Luciana Pedraza. Francis Ford Coppola was one of the executive producers. The majority of the film was shot in Buenos Aires Argentina and some scenes at the beginning and end of the story were filmed in Coney Island Brooklyn.
 Somewhere in the City is a 1998 American indie comedy-drama film written and directed by Ramin Niami.
 Hello Yaar Pesurathu is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by actor Ramarajan starring Suresh and Jeevitha in lead roles. This is one of the rare movies which had music given by Maestro Illayaraja and his brother Gangai Amaran together.
 Mountain Family Robinson is a 1979 family movie that stars Robert Logan George Buck Flower and Susan Damante-Shaw. This film is a sequel to The Adventures of the Wilderness Family and The Further Adventures of the Wilderness Family. This title like the previous titles was filmed in the state of Colorado. The movie is rated G in the USA.
 The Mini-Munsters was an animated one-hour telefilm that was aired as part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie in 1973 and was based on the characters from The Munsters.
 Secrets of a Secretary is a 1931 film directed by George Abbott and starring Claudette Colbert and Herbert Marshall. Stage actress Mary Boland's first talking film.
 Craig's Wife is a 1936 drama film starring Rosalind Russell as a domineering wife. It was based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning Broadway play of the same name by George Kelly (the uncle of Grace Kelly) and directed by Dorothy Arzner. Former MGM star William Haines was the film's production designer.The film was remade in 1950 as Harriet Craig rewritten (and updated) as a vehicle for Joan Crawford and co-starring Wendell Corey.
 The Monster That Challenged the World is a 1957 science-fiction monster movie about an army of giant mollusks that emerge from the Salton Sea California. Directed by Arnold Laven the film starred Tim Holt and Audrey Dalton.It was produced by Gramercy Pictures (not related to the former PolyGram division) and released by United Artists. The film is currently available on DVD as part of UA sister Metro-Goldwyn Mayer's Midnight Movies collection.
 Tortilla Heaven is a 2007 independent comedy film written and directed by Judy Hecht Dumontet.
 Orma Mathram (English: Memories Alone) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Madhu Kaithapram and starring Dileep Priyanka Nair Master Sidharth Dhanya Mary Varghese Nedumudi Venu in the main roles. The screenplay was written by C. V. Balakrishnan based on a story by Rahim Kadavath both of them noted authors.
 A Shot in the Dark is a 1933 British mystery film directed by George Pearson and starring Dorothy Boyd O. B. Clarence Jack Hawkins and Michael Shepley. When a wealthy old man dies suddenly a local reverend suspects something and begins to investigate.
 Excess Baggage is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Redd Davis and starring Claud Allister Frank Pettingell Sydney Fairbrother René Ray Gerald Rawlinson and Viola Compton. Its plot concerns a British army Colonel mistakenly who thinks he has killed his superior officer while hunting down a ghost. It was made at Twickenham Studios in west London.
 Tirant lo Blanc is a 2006 historical adventure film directed by Vicente Aranda. It is based on Tirant lo Blanch a Catalan language chivalry novel dating to 1490 written by Joanot Martorell. It stars Casper Zafer as the title character Esther Nubiola as Carmesina Victoria Abril as Viuda Reposada and Leonor Watling as Placerdemivida.The film was shot in English and was filmed partially in Spain.
 The Commissioner is a 1998 Belgian-German drama film directed by George Sluizer and written by Christina Kallas. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Armon or Ukhodya ostayutsya (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian meaning Once They Leave They Never Return) (Uzbek: Armon Армон; Russian: Уходя остаются) is a 1986 Uzbek drama film directed by Melis Abzalov. The film depicts the hard work of Uzbek children senior people and women during the grim years of the Soviet-German war against Nazi Germany and its allies.
 Bachiatari Bōryoku Ningen (バチアタリ暴力人間 lit. Cursed Violent People) is a 2010 found footage black comedy film directed by Kōji Shiraishi and Akihiro Kasai.
 Gada Meilin is a 2002 film directed by Chinese director Feng Xiaoning. It deals with the story of Inner Mongolian hero Gada Meiren who led a failed rebellion at the beginning of the 1930s against dispossession of Mongol banner lands by Zhang Zuolin and Zhang Xueliang.
 Passion Island is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Manning Haynes and starring Lilian Oldland Moore Marriott and Randle Ayrton. It is based on a novel by W.W. Jacobs and concerns a vendetta on the island of Corsica.
 El Bola (English: Pellet) is a 2000 Spanish film directed by Achero Mañas. It won the Mejor Película (Best Film) Goya Award in 2001. It is available in the United States from Filmmovement.
 Silent But Deadly is an American 2011 feature film which was filmed at Chatham-Kent Ontario Canada. It stars Kim Poirier Jason Mewes and William Sadler. It is a MJC Entertainment Inc production. It premiered on the Canadian TV channel Super Channel on November 11 2011.
 Gigolettes is a 1932 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Pollachi Mappillai is a 2010 Indian Tamil drama film directed by R. Lakshmanan. The film features Sathyaraj and Susan in lead roles with Goundamani in a pivotal role. The film produced by Mangai Harirajan had musical score by Deva and was released after several delays in July 2010 to negative reviews.
 Genghis Khan: To the Ends of Earth and Sea (蒼き狼 地果て海尽きるまで Aoki Ōkami: Chi Hate Umi Tsukiru Made lit. The Blue Wolf: To the Ends of the Earth and Sea) is a 2007 Japanese - Mongolian historical drama film depicting the life of Genghis Khan.
 A Journey of Samyak Buddha (Hindi:अ जर्नी आफ सम्यक बुद्ध ) is a 2013 Indian film about the journey of Gautam Buddha’s miraculous birth marriage and his path towards enlightenment. The biographical film is based on Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar’s book The Buddha & His Righteousness.
 The Lake of Thinking (Greek: Η λίμνη των πόθων translit. I limni ton pothon also known as The Lagoon of Desire) is a 1958 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Zervos. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 30th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Snehituda... is a Telugu film directed by Satyam Bellamkonda starring Nani and Madhavi Latha in the lead roles. Prasad produced this film on Satya Entertainments Banner and Sivaram Shankar provided the music. The movie was released on August 7 2009 and was a flop at the box office.
 Boxing Day is a 2007 Australian film directed by Kriv Stenders.It was partly funded by the Adelaide Film Festival.
 Her Best Move is a 2007 film. It tells the story of a 15-year-old soccer prodigy named Sara Davis who has a chance to join the U.S. National Team. At the same time she must juggle high school romance sports and parental pressure.
 Dil Ka Rishta (Hindi: दिल का रिश्ता Urdu: دل کا رشتہ English: Relationship of the heart) is a Bollywood movie directed by Naresh Malhotra and produced by Aditya Rai Aishwarya Rai's brother. It was produced and distributed under Aishwarya's own Target Films banner and Tips Industries Limited. The film was released on 17 January 2003.
 Tierra del fuego is a 2000 Chilean drama film directed by Miguel Littín. It is about the conquest of Tierra del Fuego by Julius Popper. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Die Brücke (English: The Bridge) is a 1959 West German film directed by Austrian filmmaker Bernhard Wicki. It is based on the eponymous 1958 novel by journalist and writer Gregor Dorfmeister (published under the pseudonym Manfred Gregor).
 Il giro del mondo degli innamorati di Peynet (internationally released as Around the World with Peynet's Lovers and The Turn of the World of the Sweethearts of Peynet) is a 1974 Italian animation film directed by Cesare Perfetto.The film is based on the characters created by the French illustrator Raymond Peynet.
 Ice People is a documentary film directed by Anne Aghion about the research of Allan Ashworth and Adam Lewis in Antarctica. Produced by Dry Valleys Productions this 2008 film portrays the scientists discovering fossils from 13.9 million years ago. The film premiered at the San Francisco International Film Festival in April 2008 and was screened at the Jerusalem Film Festival in July 2008. This film aired on Sundance Channel in 2009.
 Hansel and Gretel is a TV special that was made in 1982 for Disney directed by Tim Burton. It only aired once on October 31 1983 at 10:30pm. The only other times it was shown was as part of the Tim Burton retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City and the Tim Burton L'Exposition at the Cinémathèque Française in Paris as part of a traveling exhibit.
 Ullasapoongattu (Malayalam: ഉല്ലാസപ്പൂങ്കാറ്റ്) is a 1997 romantic comedy film directed by Vinayan and starring Dileep Mohini Thilakan Jagathy Sreekumar and Meghanathan in major roles.
 Togetherness Supreme is a 2010 Kenyan film.
 The Stolen Jewels is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Á baðkari til Betlehem (English: On A Bathtub To Bethlehem) is an Icelandic television series that first aired on Icelandic public television channel Sjónvarpið in December 1990.
 Easy Come Easy Go is a 1947 film directed by John Farrow.
 Viruthan Shanku (Malayalam: വിരുതൻ ശങ്കു) is a 1968 Malayalam comedy film directed by P. Venu starring Adoor Bhasi and Ambika in the lead roles.
 Father to Be (Swedish: Jag är med barn) is a 1979 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström.
 Bravo maestro is a 1978 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Rajko Grlić. It was entered into the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pilots is a 2000 Malayalam film written and directed by Rajiv Anchal produced by Menaka and starring Suresh Gopi Sreenivasan and Praveena in the lead.
 Goryeojang (고려장) also known as Burying Old Alive is a 1963 South Korean film written produced and directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Rush Hour is a 1941 British Public Information short film made by the wartime Ministry of Information and designed to pass on an important message to cinemagoers in a humorous manner. The film was directed by Anthony Asquith and produced by Edward Black. Rush Hour was filmed as a series of short comedy sequences illustrating the various degrees of chaos and confusion arising from public transport being overwhelmed with passengers at peak times.
 Cannibal Girls is a low budget 1973 Canadian comedy horror film directed by Ivan Reitman and stars Eugene Levy Andrea Martin and Ronald Ulrich.
 Thoovalsparsham (English: Feather Touch) is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and written by Kaloor Dennis inspired from the 1987 American film Three Men and a Baby. The film stars Jayaram Mukesh and Saikumar in the lead roles.In 2007 this film was remade as the Hindi film Heyy Babyy.
 Szerelmi álmok – Liszt (English: Dreams of Love – Liszt also known in English as The Loves of Liszt) is a Hungarian-Soviet epic musical/drama produced and directed by Márton Keleti based on the biography of the Hungarian composer and pianist Franz Liszt.While the movie was criticized for some of its historical inaccuracies its epic scope and intense scenes of virtuoso musical performances won wide praise and has been credited with affecting the cultural landscape of the 1970s Eastern Europe.
 Naaraaz is a 1994 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Mithun Chakraborty Pooja Bhatt Sonali Bendre Atul Agnihotri and Gulshan Grover.
 Bade Dilwala is a 1999 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shakeel Noorani. It stars Sunil Shetty and Priya Gill in pivotal roles.There is another movie named Bade dilawala released in 1982 which has a song sung by Kishore Kumar Jeevan Ke Din Chhote Sahi.
 ‘Are You Listening!’ (Original title in Bengali: শুনতে কি পাও!: Shunte Ki Pao!) is the debut feature-length (90 minutes) Creative Documentary by Architect-turned-Filmmaker Kamar Ahmad Simon. It was the ‘Curtain-Opener’ of the 55th DOK Leipzig in Germany (2012) and won the ‘Grand Prix’ in the 35th Cinéma du Réel held in Paris (2013).
 Sibling Rivalry is a 1990 comedy film starring Kirstie Alley Sam Elliott Jami Gertz Bill Pullman Carrie Fisher and Scott Bakula directed by Carl Reiner.
 Savage Sam is a 1963 film sequel to Old Yeller based on the novel of the same name by Fred Gipson. Norman Tokar directed the live-action film which was released by Walt Disney Productions on June 1 1963.
 A Yank in Libya is a 1942 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 This Side of the Law is an American film noir directed by Richard L. Bare and featuring Kent Smith Viveca Lindfors Robert Douglas and Janis Paige.
 Maa Aur Mamta is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Nutan and Ashok Kumar.
 Breach of Conduct is a 1994 film made for television starring Peter Coyote and Courtney Thorne-Smith.
 Roar of the Crowd is a 1953 American sports film directed by William Beaudine and starring Howard Duff Helene Stanley and Dave Willock. A number of racing drivers appears as themselves. The film was shot in cinecolor.
 Return Engagement (Chinese: 再戰江湖; Cantonese Yale: Zai zhan jiang hu) also known as Hong Kong Corruptor is a 1990 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Alan Tang Andy Lau and Simon Yam.
 Gli Angeli del quartiere (The Angels of the Neighbourhood) is a 1952 Italian drama film.
 McKinley at Home Canton Ohio aka William McKinley at Canton Ohio is a silent film reenactment of William McKinley receiving the Republican nomination for President of the United States in September 1896. The actual nomination had been several weeks earlier. McKinley is shown emerging from his house to receive the news from his secretary George Cortelyou. His wife Ida can be seen in a rocking chair on the porch.
 Tenacious D: Time Fixers is a short movie that was used as a promotional tool on the iTunes website. The movie starred Tenacious D as well as Michael Keaton and longtime collaborators Jason Reed and Paul F. Tompkins.
 Abhimanyu is a Malayalam movie released in 1991 directed by Priyadarshan featuring Mohanlal Geetha and Shankar in the lead roles. The plot revolved around Mumbai underworld and the transformation of an innocent guy into a criminal who later becomes a don in the city. The tagline of the movie is Crime Never Pays. Its Tamil dubbed version Arasan was a success. The movie was later dubbed and released in Hindi with the title Satyaghath - Crime Never Pays.
 Duel in the Sun is a Technicolor 1946 Western film directed by King Vidor produced and written by David O. Selznick which tells the story of a Mestiza (half-Native American) girl who goes to live with her Anglo relatives becoming involved in prejudice and forbidden love. The movie stars Jennifer Jones Joseph Cotten Gregory Peck Lillian Gish and Lionel Barrymore.
 The Versace Murder is a 1998 film written and directed by Menahem Golan.
 The Pirate is a 1948 American musical feature film from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. With songs by Cole Porter it stars Judy Garland and Gene Kelly with co-stars Walter Slezak Gladys Cooper Reginald Owen and George Zucco.
 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 is a 2010 British fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the first of two cinematic parts based on the novel by J. K. Rowling. The film which is the seventh instalment in the Harry Potter film series was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman David Barron and Rowling. The story follows Harry Potter on a quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's secret to immortality – the Horcruxes.
 The Set-Up is a 1995 crime thriller film. Directed by Strathford Hamilton.
 Malliswari (Telugu: మల్లీశ్వరి) is a 1951 Telugu musical film directed by B. N. Reddi and produced by Vauhini Studios with songs penned by Devulapalli Krishnasastri. This film is based on Buchi Babu’s radio play Rayala Karunakrutyam. The film is considered as a timeless Indian film classic It is the first Telugu film to be screened at International film festivals like Asia Pacific Film Festival.
 Just Another Missing Kid is a 1981 documentary film about the search for a missing teenager and directed by John Zaritsky.Eric Wilson had left his native Ottawa in July 1978 in a Volkswagen camper on a trip to Boulder Colorado. Somewhere in Nebraska he disappeared. The movie traces how his family and a private investigator work to find out what had happened.
 Jagga (Punjabi: ਜੱਗਾ) is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Jugal Kishore starring Dara Singh Indira Khairati Amarnath Jugal Kishore Majnu and more.
 Roekihati is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies. Directed by the brothers Joshua and Othniel Wong and produced by Tan's Film it follows a young villager who goes to the city and encounters various difficulties. Targeted at lower-class audiences it was shot in black-and-white and starred Roekiah and Raden Djoemala.
 L' Eroe sono io! is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia.
 In the Line of Duty 4: Witness (aka In the Line of Duty) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping starring Donnie Yen Michael Wong and Cynthia Khan. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 21 July 1989.The film is nominally part of the loosely connected In the Line of Duty and Yes Madam! series. The alternative titles of this and other films in the series can be cause for confusion.
 Come On George! is a 1939 British comedy film by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby Patricia Kirkwood and Joss Ambler. It was produced by Associated Talking Pictures. Hal Erickson wrote in Allmovie Come on George! was a product of George Formby's peak movie years. It concerns the world of horse racing and Formby who had once been a stable apprentice did his own riding in the film.
 La Dama de Beirut is a 1965 Italian film directed by Ladislao Vajda.
 Jól á leið til jarðar (English: Christmas on the Way to Earth) is an Icelandic television series that first aired on Icelandic public television channel Sjónvarpið in December 1994. The series is a part of Jóladagatal Sjónvarpsins an ongoing series of televised advent calendars. It was created by Sigurður Örn Brynjólfsson and Friðrik Erlingsson and was the first stop-motion advent calendar on Icelandic television.
 Monsterwolf also known as Monster Wolf is a 2010 Syfy original television film directed by Todor Chapkanov and stars Leonor Varela Robert Picardo and Marc Macaulay. The film was part of Syfy's 31 Days of Halloween 2010 and premiered on Syfy October 9 2010.
 Animal Kingdom is a 2010 Australian crime drama written and directed by David Michôd and starring Ben Mendelsohn Joel Edgerton Guy Pearce James Frecheville Luke Ford Jacki Weaver and Sullivan Stapleton. David Michôd's script was inspired by the Pettingill family of Melbourne Australia who in 1988 saw the acquittal of Trevor Pettingill in the murder of two Victoria police officers.
 The House in the Tree is a 1913 American silent short film written by Lloyd Lonergan starring William Garwood and Billie Bennett.
 Kalaignan (Tamil:கலைஞன்; English: Artist) is a 1993 Tamil-language thriller film directed by G. B. Vijay and produced by Ramkumar Ganesan. The film features Kamal Haasan and Bindiya in the lead roles while Chi. Guru Dutt  Sivaranjani Sindhuja and Nirmalamma play supporting roles. The film opened in April 1993.
 The Gladiator is a 1938 American comedy and fantasy film starring Joe E. Brown Dickie Moore and June Travis. The movie is an adaptation of Philip Gordon Wylie's 1930 novel Gladiator which is often credited with having influenced the creation of Superman.
 Savage Breed (Italian: Razza selvaggia) is a 1980 Italian drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
 In Hell is a 2003 American prison film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Lawrence Taylor. It is the third and final collaboration between Jean-Claude Van Damme and Hong Kong film director Ringo Lam.
 Frozen Land (Finnish: Paha maa) is a 2005 Finnish drama film directed and written by Aku Louhimies starring Jasper Pääkkönen Mikko Leppilampi and Pamela Tola.
 México México ra ra ra is a 1975 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.
 Uno contro l'altro praticamente amici (Against one another virtually friends) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.
 Code Name: Diamond Head is a 1977 American spy film starring Roy Thinnes as an undercover counterintelligence officer known as Diamond Head whose mission is to stop a rogue double agent from stealing the formula for a new chemical weapon. Originally filmed as a pilot for a new television drama (which was never picked up by the networks) it was eventually used for The NBC Monday Movie on U.S. broadcast network NBC.
 De forældreløse (English: The orphans) was a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Peter Lykke-Seest starring Esben Lykke-Seest and Lullu Hansteen. The siblings Beate and Jens Coldevin are heirs to a great fortune and their warden Robertson is trying to get his hands on the money. The film is today considered lost.
 Bordertown is a 1935 American drama film directed by Archie Mayo. The screenplay by Laird Doyle and Wallace Smith is based on Robert Lord's adaptation of the 1934 novel Border Town by Carroll Graham. Although the films They Drive by Night from 1940 and Blowing Wild from 1953 are not specifically remakes of Bordertown they include many of its plot elements and similar scenes.
 Enter the Fat Dragon (Chinese: 肥龍過江) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the film. The film is mostly a parody of the Bruce Lee's 1972 film Way of the Dragon and a satire of the Bruceploitation phenomenon of the '70s.The film had a belated video release in the United States eventually coming out in 1999 after director and actor Sammo Hung became an unexpected success with his American TV series Martial Law.
 Dream Lover is a 1994 American erotic drama film written and directed by Nicholas Kazan and starring James Spader and Mädchen Amick. The original music score was composed by Christopher Young.
 Ek Niranjan is a 2009 Telugu film starring Prabhas and Kangna Ranaut in lead roles. The film is directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film has been shot on a specially erected set in Hyderabad and shot in Bangkok and the songs have been shot in Switzerland. The film revolves around Chotu (Prabhas) who is a bounty hunter getting criminals to the police in exchange for money and how he reunites with his parents he never got to meet due to the fact he was kidnapped.
 Too Many Crooks is a 1959 British comedy film about a bunch of inept crooks who kidnap the wrong woman. It stars George Cole as the leader of the gang Brenda De Banzie as the victim and Terry-Thomas as her husband. Sid James is another gang member.
 Bullet Ballet (バレット・バレエ) is a Japanese film directed by and starring Shinya Tsukamoto and co-starring Hisashi Igawa Sujin Kim Kirina Mano Takahiro Murase Tatsuya Nakamura and Kyoka Suzuki.After his girlfriend commits suicide a man (Shinya Tsukamoto) becomes embroiled in gang warfare attempting to obtain a gun in hopes to kill himself.
 Convict 13 is a 1920 short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton. It was written and directed by Keaton and Edward F. Cline.
 Glimpses/Impressions is a film by Jean-François Pouliot for the Canadian pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai. The 5 minute 20 second-long film depicts 24 hours in the life of an imaginary urban centre created from composite images from major Canadian cities. The film was created from over 3000 animated photos projected onto a large screen with a 150-degree curve.
 Batman and Robin is a 15-chapter serial released in 1949 by Columbia Pictures. Robert Lowery played Batman while Johnny Duncan played Robin. Supporting players included Jane Adams as Vicki Vale and veteran character actor Lyle Talbot as Commissioner Gordon. The serials were re-released as Video On Demand titles by Rifftrax the alumni project of Mystery Science Theater 3000's - Michael J. Nelson Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett - as.
 Al Corazón (English language:To the Heart) is a 1996 Argentine documentary musical film dancing directed and written by Mario Sábato. The film starred Libertad Lamarque and Alberto Castillo. The film explores the history of tango dancing in Argentina and was filmed in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Inimai Idho Idho hu Unga Kudumbam is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R.Ramalingam starring Rajendra Prasad Nisha and Chandrasekhar in lead roles.
 Murder by Death is a 1976 American mystery comedy film with a cast featuring Eileen Brennan Truman Capote James Coco Peter Falk Alec Guinness Elsa Lanchester David Niven Peter Sellers Maggie Smith Nancy Walker and Estelle Winwood written by Neil Simon and directed by Robert Moore.The plot is a spoof of the traditional country-house whodunit familiar to mystery fiction fans of classics such as Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None.
 Bach's Fight for Freedom is a 1995 Devine Entertainment production created by David Devine and Richard Mozer for HBO Original Films of New York and directed by Stuart Gillard.It stars Ted Dykstra Kyle Labine Ian D. Clark Rosemary Dunsmore Kevin Jubinville and Eric Peterson.The chapel organist Johann Sebastian Bach is enraged. It is bad enough his boss Duke Wilhelm stifles his creativity.
 War Inc. is a 2008 American political satire film starring John Cusack and directed by Joshua Seftel. Cusack also co-wrote and produced the film.
 The Cottage is a 2008 British darkly comic horror film written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams.
 Victory is a 1996 film directed by Mark Peploe.
 Dog Watch was a direct-to-video film released in 1996.
 Birds of a Feather is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Four Faces West is a 1948 Western film starring Joel McCrea his real-life wife Frances Dee and Charles Bickford. It is based on the novel Pasó por aquí by Eugene Manlove Rhodes. Its plot concerns a down-on-his-luck cowboy who robs a bank.
 The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks. The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love during the early 1940s.
 Ernest Scared Stupid is a 1991 American comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney. It is the fifth one to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell. It has him accidentally unleashing an army of trolls upon a small town on Halloween and the plot involves him joining a few children in fighting back. It was shot in Nashville Tennessee like its predecessors Dr. Otto and the Riddle of the Gloom Beam Ernest Goes to Camp Ernest Saves Christmas and Ernest Goes to Jail.
 Appu is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Dennis Joseph and written by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Mohanlal Murali and Sunitha.
 Aashiq Banaaya Aapne - Love Takes Over is a Bollywood romance film directed by Aditiya Dutt and starringEmraan Hashmi Sonu Sood and Tanushree Dutta in lead roles.
 Offside (Turkish: Dar Alanda Kısa Paslaşmalar) is a 2000 Turkish comedy-drama film written and directed by Serdar Akar about a local amateur football that hopes to win the league championship. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 8 2000 (2000-12-08) won four awards at the 20th Istanbul International Film Festival including Best Turkish Film of the Year and the People's Choice Award.
 The Woman's Angle is 1952 British drama film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Edward Underdown Cathy O'Donnell and Lois Maxwell. It is based on the novel Three Cups of Coffee by Ruth Feiner.
 Tinker Bell is a computer animated film series produced by DisneyToon Studios as part of the Disney Fairies franchise. Voices of Mae Whitman Raven-Symoné Lucy Liu America Ferrera Kristin Chenoweth and Pamela Adlon are featured in the film. Each of the four films is set around one of the four seasons: Tinker Bell around Spring Lost Treasure around Autumn Great Fairy Rescue around Summer and Secret of the Wings around Winter.
 For Her Sake is a 1911 American silent short war romance film produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film starred William Garwood as a confederate soldier in love.
 Great Directors is a 2009 documentary film written and directed by Angela Ismailos. In the film Ismailos interviews directors of the late 20th and early 21st centuries including Bernardo Bertolucci Catherine Breillat Liliana Cavani Stephen Frears Todd Haynes Richard Linklater Ken Loach David Lynch John Sayles and Agnes Varda.
 Do Chor (Hindi: दो चोर Urdu: دو چور translation: two thieves) is a 1972 Hindi/Urdu film produced by Raj Khosla and directed by Padmanabh. It stars Dharmendra Tanuja Shobhana Samarth K.N. Singh and Jalal Agha. The music is by R.D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri. The film was well directed and it did good business at the box office.
 Vance and Pepe's Porn Start is a comedic mockumentary which had its debut at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August 2011. The DVD was released January 17 2012 through MKW Productions and had its television broadcast debut on July 29 2012 on OUTtv in Canada.
 Putham Puthu Poove (Tamil: புத்தம் புது பூவே) is a Tamil film released in the year 1997. The musical score was by S.A. RajKumar with lyrics by Snehan Lyricist Tholkapiyan and Pirai Sudan. The songs were popular but the film did not do well at the box office.
 Homeboy is a 1988 drama film directed by Michael Seresin. It was written by and stars Mickey Rourke in the role of self-destructive cowboy/boxer Johnny Walker. Christopher Walken also stars as Walker's slightly corrupt promoter who encourages him to fight whilst hiding from him the fact that one more punch in the wrong place would kill him. The film was released on DVD on September 1 2009.
 Pappan Priyappetta Pappan (English: Pappan Dear Pappan) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and starring Rahman Mohanlal Thilakan Lisy Bahadur Unnimary Rajan P. Dev and Sankaradi. This is the debut film of directors Siddique-Lal as scriptwriters. The film is loosely based on the film Heaven Can Wait (1978). This was the first film of Harisree Ashokan.This is Mohanlal's 100th film.
 Hyppolit the Butler (Hungarian: Hyppolit a lakáj) is a 1931 black-and-white Hungarian film comedy of manners. It was one of the earliest full sound films produced there.In 2000 Hungarian film critics chose it as one of the twelve best films of Hungary.It was remade in 1999 as Hippolyt a lakáj (with the y and the i interchanged).The screenplay was written by prolific Hungarian screenwriter Károly Nóti AKA Karl Noti based on a stage play by István Zágon.
 Cracked Eggs and Noodles (Hangul: 파송송 계란탁; RR: Pasongsong Gyerantak) is a 2005 South Korean comedy film. As Of Love and Eggs it was one of four Korean movies screened at the 2006 International Fajr Film Festival in Iran. The film had 1193150 admissions nationwide.
 Big Boss (Telugu: బిగ్ బాస్) is a 1995 Telugu film directed by Vijaya Bapineedu. The film stars Chiranjeevi Roja Kota Srinivasa Rao and Madhavi in important roles.
 Le Batteur du Boléro is a short film by Patrice Leconte released in 1992. It features a drummer in an orchestra played by Jacques Villeret who plays a simple repetitive rhythm on his single drum during a performance of Maurice Ravel's Boléro. The focal point of the film is the drummer’s facial expressions. He has a bland expression at first but as the film develops he starts twitching his eyes mouth and eyebrows.
 Dark House is a 2014 horror film directed by Victor Salva and starring Tobin Bell Lesley-Anne Down and Luke Kleintank. The film follows a man named Nick Di Santo who discovers that not only is his long-lost father alive but that he may be able to explain the source of his son's telekinetic abilities.
 The Beaver Trilogy (2001) is a documentary film directed by Trent Harris featuring Groovin' Gary Sean Penn Crispin Glover and co-starring Courtney Gains and Elizabeth Daily. The Beaver Trilogy combines three separate vignettes that were filmed at different times in 1979 1981 and 1985. The first entitled The Beaver Kid is a short documentary about the exploits of Groovin' Gary a performer that filmmaker Harris happened upon while filming for a Salt Lake City Utah news station.
 Temporary Release (Danish: Ledsaget udgang) is a 2007 Danish comedy film written by directed and starring Erik Clausen. It was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Three Smart Guys is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 217th Our Gang short (218th episode 129th talking short 130th talking episode and 49th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Opopomoz is a 2003 Italian-French-Spanish animation film directed by Enzo D'Alò. It tells an unusual and curious Christmas story set in a modern-day Naples during the Christmas season.The film was shot in two years with a budget of about 10 million euro.
 Journey to the Center of Time is a 1967 science fiction film directed by David L. Hewitt and starring Scott Brady and Anthony Eisley. It is a remake of The Time Travelers (1964) and was also known as Time Warp.
 Kokilamma (Telugu: కోకిలమ్మ) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by K. Balachander. The title role of Kokilamma is played with humility by Saritha.It is a musical hit film with some excellent songs penned Acharya Atreya and music score provided by M. S. Viswanathan.
 U Bomsi & Me is a Hindi language film released in 2005.
 Heer (Punjabi: ھیر) is a 1955 Punjabi film directed by Nazir Ahmed starring Swaran Lata and Inayat Hussain Bhatti in title roles. The movie is based on the famous Heer written by Waris Shah in 18th century.
 Süpermenler is a Turkish-Italian action film which was heavily inspired by the superhero Superman. Filmed in 1979 it stars Cüneyt Arkın a popular name in Turkish action films. It was filmed in the popular places of İstanbul like Emirgan.A German professor portrayed by Ali Şen constructs a time machine and decides to try it in Turkey and he finds out the place where the Byzantine treasury was hided during the Fall of Constantinople.
 Cool It is a 2010 documentary film based on the book of the same name. It stars Danish author Bjørn Lomborg who wrote the book. It premiered in September in Canada at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and had a theatrical United States release on November 12 2010. The film was directed by Ondi Timoner.
 Antikiller (Russian: Антикиллер) is a 2002 Russian crime film directed by Egor Konchalovsky. It portrays a brutal war between obnoxious crime gangs and a one man vigilante a former police officer. The movie is based on Daniil Koretsky’s novel of the same name which has sold five million copies in the countries of the former Soviet Union and has acquired cult status among readers of Russian pulp fiction. Like the novel the film became the box office leader among Russian films in 2002.
 L'anello di Siva is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Arrivano i nostri is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Mario Riva.
 Stunts is a 1978 film directed by Mark L. Lester.
 Road to Victory is a 1944 short film notable for being with Bing Crosby a major singing and movie star Cary Grant a major actor in motion pictures and a new singer of the time who would also be a movie figure Frank Sinatra. The short also featured Benny Goodman and Harry James.
 Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (Translation : The Jasmine Vine in Seethamma's Courtyard) also spelled as Sitamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu and called as SVSC in Shortform is a 2013 Telugu drama film written and directed by Srikanth Addala. The film stars Venkatesh Mahesh Babu Anjali and Samantha with Prakash Raj Jayasudha and Rohini Hattangadi in supporting roles. The film was produced by Dil Raju under Sri Venkateswara Creations.
 Angels in the Outfield (known simply as Angels in some countries) is a 1994 remake of the 1951 film of the same name.
 Too Young the Hero is a 1988 television movie starring Rick Schroder. It premiered on CBS on March 27 1988. The film tells the true story of a 12-year old boy who faked a birth certificate to join the United States Navy during World War II. It is based on the real life of Calvin Graham who was the youngest American serviceman of the war. The film was produced by Trucon Productions in Virginia Beach Virginia for CBS. It was the last film of director Buzz Kulik.
 Search and Destroy is a 1995 drama film based on a stage play by Howard Korder and directed by David Salle. The film stars Griffin Dunne repeating his role from the stage production Rosanna Arquette Illeana Douglas Ethan Hawke Dennis Hopper John Turturro and Christopher Walken and features Martin Scorsese as The Accountant. Salle was nominated for the Grand Special Prize at the Deauville American Film Festival.
 Thulluvadho Ilamai (English: Exuberance of Youth) is a 2002 Indian Tamil film directed by Kasthuri Raja written by his son Selvaraghavan and introducing his second son Dhanush as an actor who enacted the lead role character. Besides Dhanush the film had also introduced other newcomers Abhinay Sherin Ramesh Shilpa and Gangeshwari and features prominent film personalities as Vijayakumar Ramesh Khanna 'Pyramid' Nadarajan as well.
 Weirdsville is a black comedy directed by Allan Moyle and written by Willem Wennekers. The film premiered January 18 2007 at the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival. The film has also been shown at the Edinburgh International Film Festival the Toronto International Film Festival and the Raindance Film Festival among many.
 Outside the Law (Spanish: Fuera de la ley) is a 1937 Argentine thriller film directed and written by Manuel Romero. The film premiered on 12 May 1940 in the United States. The film starred José Gola Luis Arata Roberto Blanco and Irma Córdoba
 Ghosts Before Breakfast (German: Vormittagsspuk) is a 1928 German dadaist animated short film directed by Hans Richter. It utilizes stop motion for some of its effect and live action for others. The film does not present a coherent narrative and includes a number of seemingly arbitrary images. The original soundtrack written by Paul Hindemith was destroyed by the Nazis but new audio tracks have been created by artists such as The Real Tuesday Weld.
 The Bandit of Sherwood Forest is a 1946 film about the son of Robin Hood.The sets built for the film were reused in the Three Stooges shorts Squareheads of the Round Table Fiddlers Three and The Hot Scots and again for the 1948 film The Prince of Thieves.
 Usne Kaha Tha is a 1960 Bollywood drama film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee starring Sunil Dutt and Nanda in lead roles. This film is Bhattacharjee's first independent directorial venture. He had previously assisted Bimal Roy on various films notably Madhumati and Do Bigha Zameen. Bimal Roy produced this film under his banner Bimal Roy Productions.The film is based on a renowned Hindi short story of the same name written by Chandradhar Sharma Guleri which was published in 1915 in Saraswati.
 Morituri (also known as The Saboteur and Code Name Morituri) is a 1965 film about the sabotage of a German merchant ship full of rubber. The film stars Marlon Brando Yul Brynner Janet Margolin and Trevor Howard. It was directed by Bernhard Wicki.
 London Fields is the upcoming film adaptation of the 1989 novel of the same name by Martin Amis directed by Mathew Cullen. The film stars Billy Bob Thornton as Sampson a terminally ill writer who has suffered from writer's block for twenty years. The cast also includes Amber Heard Jim Sturgess Jaimie Alexander and Theo James with the cameo appearance of Johnny Depp.
 Terrorama! (2001) is the first feature film of Dutch director Edwin Brienen. In 2002 Terrorama! won the award for Best film at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival and best leading actress at the Toronto Independent Film Festival (Esther Eva Verkaaik).
 Human Hounds is a 1916 silent comedy film starring Oliver Hardy.
 Satya (lit. Truth) is a 1998 Hindi crime film directed by Ram Gopal Varma presented by Bharat Shah with a screenplay by Anurag Kashyap and Saurabh Shukla. It stars J. D. Chakravarthy Manoj Bajpai Urmila Matondkar and Shefali Shah. The film tells the story of Satya an immigrant who comes to Mumbai seeking his fortune but instead gets sucked into the Mumbai underworld. It is the first film in the Gangster (film series). It was followed by 2 sequels Company and D.
 Love for Life (simplified Chinese: 最爱; traditional Chinese: 最愛; pinyin: Zuì ài) also known as Life Is a Miracle Til Death Do Us Part and Love for Live is a 2011 film directed by Gu Changwei. This is Gu's third film as director after a lengthy career as a cinematographer for some of China's top directors. It was released on 10 May 2011 in China.
 Trade of Innocents is a 2012 American made thriller independent film written and directed by Christopher Bessette and starring Dermot Mulroney Mira Sorvino John Billingsley Trieu Tran.Trade of Innocents was shot on location in Bangkok Thailand. The film will look to bring awareness and involvement to work against human trafficking.
 Too Young To Marry is a 2007 television film about romance drama and comedy. It involves two 17-year old teenagers named Max Doyle (Dillon Casey) and Jessica Carpenter (Nina Dobrev). When the two think that they are in love they decide to get married despite their parents' disapproval. Shortly after the two begin to realize they have very different views on the future.The film was directed by Michel Poulette and based on a story by Elle Triedman.
 The Boy Mir is documentary film about ten years life of a Hazara boy in Afghanistan. This film was made after an international hit film The Boy who Plays on the Buddhas of Bamiyan by a British film maker Phil Grabsky.
 Hopscotch is a 1980 American film directed by Ronald Neame and produced by Otto Plaschkes. It was written by Bryan Forbes and Brian Garfield based on Garfield's novel of the same name.The film is a comedy starring Walter Matthau as Miles Kendig a renegade CIA agent intent on publishing a memoir exposing the inner workings of the CIA and the KGB.
 Terminal Station (Italian: Stazione Termini) is a 1953 film by Italian director Vittorio De Sica. It tells the story of the love affair between an Italian man and an American woman. The film was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Leatherheads is a 2008 American sports comedy film from Universal Pictures directed by and starring George Clooney. The film also stars Renée Zellweger Jonathan Pryce and John Krasinski and focuses on the early years of professional American football.The script is by Duncan Brantley and ESPN's Rick Reilly.
 Sath Samudura (Sinhalese language Seven Seas) is a landmark Sri Lankan film directed by professor Siri Gunasinghe and released in 1967. This film was critically acclaimed and is considered a major work in Sri Lankan cinema.It depicts the plight of fishermen living in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka.
 Shodo Girls: Watashitachi no Koshien (書道ガールズ!!　わたしたちの甲子園) is a 2010 Japanese film. This film is based on the story behind the Shodō Performance Kōshien a performance calligraphy competition in Ehime Prefecture Japan. Directed by Ryuichi Inomata this film stars actress Riko Narumi as the head of the school's calligraphy club.
 My Giant is a 1998 comedy drama film starring Billy Crystal and NBA player Gheorghe Mureșan in his only film appearance and directed by Michael Lehmann. Crystal also produced and co-wrote the story which was inspired by professional wrestler André the Giant whom Crystal had met during the filming of The Princess Bride.
 Ups and Downs is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Rated X is a 2000 American television film starring brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez with the latter also directing. Based on the nonfiction book X-Rated by David McCumber the film chronicles the story of the Mitchell brothers Jim and Artie Mitchell who were pioneers in the pornography and strip club businesses in San Francisco in the 1970s and 1980s. The film focuses on the making of their most profitable film Behind the Green Door.
 In Transit (also known as In Tranzit) is a 2007 Russian-British film based on the true story of German prisoners of war in a Soviet work camp after World War II. The film was directed by Tom Roberts and stars Thomas Kretschmann John Malkovich Daniel Brühl Ingeborga Dapkunaite Vera Farmiga and Yevgeni Mironov.
 The Prince of Tennis (テニスの王子様 Tennis no Ōjisama) is a 2006 Japanese sports film directed by Yuichi Abe. A live action adaptation of the manga series of the same name written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi the film stars Kanata Hongo as Ryoma Echizen. It condenses the storyline from when Ryoma arrives in Japan to the match against Hyotei Academy. The film was released in Japan on May 13 2006.
 The Four Masked Men is a 1934 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring John Stuart Judy Kelly and Richard Cooper. Its plot concerns a man who hunts down the criminal gang responsible for several robberies and the murder of his brother.
 Aagathan (Malayalam : ആഗതന്‍) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Kamal starring Dileep Sathyaraj Charmee Kaur and Lal.
 Typeface is an independent documentary film produced by Kartemquin Films about visual culture technology and graphic design centered around the Hamilton Wood Type and Printing Museum in Two Rivers Wisconsin. Typeface the film focuses on a rural Midwestern museum and print shop where international artists meet retired craftsmen and together navigate the convergence of modern design and traditional technique.
 Tell Me Something (Hangul: 텔 미 썸딩) is a 1999 South Korean mystery crime thriller film directed by Jang Yoon-hyun. It was an early South Korean film to find success abroad as part of the Korean Wave and was selected to appear in the 2001 New York Korean Film Festival.
 Un'anima divisa in due (also known as A Soul Divided in Two and A Soul Split in Two) is a 1993 Italian romance-drama film directed by Silvio Soldini. The film entered the 50th Venice International Film Festival where Fabrizio Bentivoglio was awarded with the Volpi Cup for best actor.
 Heart of the Forest (Spanish: El corazón del bosque) is a 1979 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón. It was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival.
 1920 is a 2008 Indian horror film written and directed by Vikram Bhatt. Filmed in Hindi the film revolves around the events surrounding a married couple living in a haunted house in the year 1920. The film stars debutant actors Rajniesh Duggall and Adah Sharma as the married couple. The film was a critical and commercial success. The film was also dubbed into Telugu as 1920 Gayathri. A sequel 1920: Evil Returns was also released to mixed reviews and commercial success in 2013.
 The Curse of the Doll People is a 1961 horror film by Mexican director Benito Alazraki. In its original Spanish language it is titled Muñecos infernales along with an alternate name Devil Doll Men. It was produced by Cinematográfica Calderón S.A. The screenplay by Alfredo Salazar is an uncredited adaptation of the novel Burn Witch Burn! by A. Merritt.
 Blind Justice (also known as Hold My Hand I'm Dying) is a 1988 film directed by Terence Ryan written by Mark Ezra and starring Christopher Cazenove Oliver Reed Patrick Shai and Edita Brychta. Based on the book by John Gordon Davis it was commercially released in Italy in October 1988.
 Window Connections is an upcoming Bengali psychological thriller film directed by R. K. Gupta. It features actors Aryann Bhowmik and Tanusree Chakraborty in the lead roles. Music of this film has been composed by Anupam Roy.
 Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno (To my dear mother on the day of her birthday) is a 1974 Italian comedy drama film directed by Luciano Salce.
 Případ dr. Kováře is a Czech drama film directed by Milos Makovec. It was released in 1950.
 Il Caimano del Piave is a 1951 Italian war-drama film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
 Jacknife is a 1989 American film directed by David Jones and starring Robert De Niro Ed Harris and Kathy Baker. The film focuses on a small serious story with emphasis on characterization and the complex tension between people in a close relationship. Stephen Metcalfe upon whose play Strange Snow (1982) the film was based wrote the screenplay.
 Hierankl is a German award-winning family drama which premiered on 1 July 2003 at the Munich Film Festival. The modern Heimatfilm named after a district in Surberg Germany is the film debut of writer and director Hans Steinbichler.It received several nominations and awards among them the 2006 Adolf Grimme Award for acting cinematography wrinting and direction.
 Hercules is a 1983 Italian adventure film written and directed by Luigi Cozzi. The film is based on Greek mythology and follows the exploits of Hercules.Part of the adventure finds Hercules battling giant robots brought to life by stop motion animation. The musical score was provided by Pino Donaggio.Despite not being a critical or box office hit the film has become something of a cult favorite.
 Captain Nemo and the Underwater City was a 1969 British film featuring the character Captain Nemo and inspired by some of the settings of Jules Verne's novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. It was written by Pip and Jane Baker and starred Robert Ryan as Nemo.The film was produced on a budget of 1.5 million US Dollars. It had stemmed from an idea that led to Roger Corman’s failed ‘Captain Nemo and the Floating City’ itself based on a combination of two of Jules Verne’s stories.
 Strike Me Lucky is a 1934 comedy musical film starring popular stage comic Roy Rene in his first and only film.
 Number Seventeen is a 1932 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock based on a stage play by J. Jefferson Farjeon and starring John Stuart Anne Grey and Leon M. Lion. The film is about a group of criminals who committed a jewel robbery and put their money in an old house over a railway leading to the English Channel the film's title being derived from the house's street number.
 Lord Don't Slow Me Down is a rockumentary film looking back on British rock band Oasis' Don't Believe the Truth world tour which took place from May 2005 to March 2006. The film is directed by Baillie Walsh. It went platinum in the UK.
 Happiness Never Comes Alone (French: Un bonheur n'arrive jamais seul) is a 2012 French romantic comedy film directed by James Huth and starring Gad Elmaleh Sophie Marceau and Maurice Barthélémy. Written by James Huth and Sonja Shillito the film is about a young jazz musician who enjoys seducing young women.
 Not to be confused with: Amityville: The Evil Escapes (book)Amityville 4: The Evil Escapes (or simply Amityville: The Evil Escapes; the onscreen title is Amityville Horror: The Evil Escapes) was released in 1989 as a television film by NBC. It is the fourth installment in the Amityville Horror saga. It was released on home video by Vidmark Entertainment then released on DVD twice by Allumination Filmworks in 2003 and 2007.
 The God King is a 1974 British-Sri Lankan historical film directed by Lester James Peries. The film is based on the historical clash between brothers Kasyapa and Moggalana on Sigiriya Rock.Producer Dimitri de Grunwald financed the epic film as a dual project between England and Sri Lanka. He provided the three main actors the script the assistant director the production Manager makeup artist and money while the task of making the film was given to the Sri Lankans.
 House is a 1986 comedy horror film directed by Steve Miner and starring William Katt George Wendt Richard Moll and Kay Lenz. It was followed by three sequels: House II: The Second Story House III: The Horror Show and House IV.
 Outlaws of Sonora is a 1938 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by George Sherman.
 When Johnny Comes Marching Home is a 1942 musical film starring Allan Jones and Jane Frazee. The film was directed by Charles Lamont and is loosely based on the song with the same title.
 Shovel Headed Tour Machine: Live At Wacken & Other Assorted Atrocities is a live DVD album by American thrash metal band Exodus. It was recorded at Exodus's July 2008 performance at the Wacken Open Air Festival in Germany.
 Stolen Heaven is a 1931 American drama film directed by George Abbott. It was released on February 21 1931 by Paramount Pictures.
 Rose of Washington Square is a 1939 American musical drama film.
 Tony (Kannada: ಟೋನಿ) is a 2013 philosophical thriller Kannada film directed by Jayatheertha. The film stars Srinagar Kitty and Aindrita Ray in lead roles.
 The 5000 Fingers of Dr. T. (1953) is a musical fantasy film the one feature film written by Theodor Seuss Geisel (Dr. Seuss) who was responsible for the story screenplay and lyrics. It was directed by Roy Rowland with many takes directed uncredited by producer Stanley Kramer.
 Blue Gap Boy'z is a 2008 independent comedy film written and directed by Holt Hamilton. Blue Gap Boy'z was filmed primarily in Phoenix Arizona as well as on the Navajo Nation in Blue Gap Arizona.
 Top of the Food Chain is a 1999 Canadian film directed by John Paizs starring Campbell Scott Fiona Loewi and Tom Everett Scott. It was released on video in the US under the title Invasion! It is a parody of alien invasion movies where mysterious carnivorous beings invade a small town.
 The Rich Are Always with Us is a 1932 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Alfred E. Green. The screenplay by Austin Parker is based on the novel of the same name by Ethel Pettit.
 Mallela Theeram Lo Sirimalle Puvvu is a 2013 Telugu film directed by GV Rama Raju starring Kranthi Sri Divya and Jorge in the lead roles. The film was produced by G Umadevi on Godavari Cinema Banner. The film released on July 5 2013 to highly positive critical acclaim.
 Act of Reprisal is a 1964 American drama film directed by Erricos Andreou and Robert Tronson and starring Ina Balin Jeremy Brett and Giannis Voglis. The film depicts a romance set against the backdrop of Cypriot attempts to gain independence from Britain in the 1950s. It was also known as Antekdhikissi.
 Sein großer Sieg is an East German film. It was released in 1952.
 Lascars is a 2009 French animated film with voice stars Vincent Cassel and Diane Kruger. The film is a feature film adaptation of the French TV series Les Lascars. The film which had a budget of €10 million was co-produced by Canal Plus and France 2 and distributed by Bac Films. Cassel plays Tony a petty crook whose friend Jose falls for Clemence (Kruger) a rich woman and wants to quit the life of crime. The film has the alternative English title Round Da Way.
 The Photographical Congress Arrives in Lyon (also known as Neuville-sur-Saône: Débarquement du congrès des photographes à Lyon) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring P.J.C. Janssen as himself. It was first screened on 12 June 1895.
 The Horse with the Flying Tail is a 1960 American documentary film by Walt Disney Pictures that won the Best Documentary award at the 33rd Academy Awards. The movie is about the palomino horse Nautical who won the team gold medal at the 1959 Pan American Games.The movie portrays this horse as having been a nondescript stock horse however he was sired by an American Quarter Horse named Muchacho de Oro out of an Army Remount mare of mostly Thoroughbred breeding.
 Intimate Lighting (Czech: Intimní osvětlení) is a Czech drama film directed by Ivan Passer. It was released in 1965.
 Private Parts is a 1997 American biographical comedy film produced by Ivan Reitman and released by Paramount Pictures. Written by Len Blum and Michael Kalesniko the film is an adaptation of the 1993 best-selling book of the same name by radio personality Howard Stern who stars as himself. It follows his life from boyhood to the cusp of break-out success in radio.
 The Thundering Herd is a 1933 American Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Randolph Scott Judith Allen and Buster Crabbe. Based on the novel The Thundering Herd by Zane Grey the film is about two buffalo hunters who face dangers with the Indians and a gang of outlaws. The Thundering Herd is a remake of a the 1925 film The Thundering Herd. Both Noah Beery and Raymond Hatton Wallace Beery's frequent screen comedy partner during the late 1920s reprised their roles.
 For other uses see Kartar Singh (disambiguation)Kartar Singh is a Pakistani Punjabi film about the Partition of India and the violence after it. It describes the conflicts between Hindus Muslims and Sikhs. This film is said to set on a real story. The title role is about antagonist Kartar Singh who is a petty criminal and trouble maker. The title character is played by Alauddin who became famous for this film. He is always remembered for this film.
 Paap Ki Aandhi is a 1991 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 The Passing of the Third Floor Back is a 1918 British silent allegorical film based on the 1908 play The Passing of the Third Floor Back by Jerome K. Jerome and directed by Herbert Brenon. The star of the film is Sir Johnston Forbes-Robertson a legendary Shakespearean actor who starred in the 1909 Broadway presentation of the play and its 1913 revival. Forbes-Robertson had been knighted by King George V in 1913 and had retired from acting in theatre that same year.
 The Aggression Scale is a 2012 action film directed by Steven C. Miller.
 The Greatest Battle (Italian title Il grande attacco The great attack) also known as Battle Force and The Biggest Battle is an Italian Macaroni war movie.
 Northwest Rangers is a 1942 film.
 In Dreams is a 1999 psychological thriller film directed by Neil Jordan. It stars Annette Bening as a New England illustrator who begins experiencing visions of a missing child who turns out to be her own daughter; through her dreams she begins having psychic connections to a serial killer responsible for the murder of her daughter and several other local children. In Dreams has the distinction of being the last film Robert Downey Jr.
 All in the Bunker is a 2009 animated short film written directed and animated by Andrew Overtoom. It is a Go Mental Productions film and stars Kurtwood Smith and Cheryl Hines.
 Khauff is a 2000 film directed by Sanjay Gupta and starring Sanjay Dutt and Manisha Koirala. This film is plagiarised version of The Juror.
 Gentle Julia is a 1923 silent film produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. Directed by Rowland V. Lee the film starred Bessie Love. It is based on a novel Gentle Julia by Booth Tarkington. It's a lost film.Tarkington's novel was remade in sound in 1936 by 20th Century-Fox and starred Marsha Hunt Jane Withers Tom Brown and Jackie Searl.
 Animals United (German: Konferenz der Tiere) is a 2010 German 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film directed by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe starring Ralf Schmitz and Thomas Fritsch as a meerkat called Billy and a lion called Socrates in the African Okavango Delta who go on a quest to discover why their river has unexpectedly dried up. It is based on the 1949 book with the same title by Erich Kästner.
 La lupa (also known as She-Wolf The Vixen and The Devil Is a Woman) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.It is based on the novella with the same name by Giovanni Verga.
 The Tomb of Ligeia (1965) is an American International Pictures horror film starring Vincent Price and Elizabeth Shepherd in a story about a man haunted by the spirit of his dead wife and her effect on his second marriage. The screenplay by Robert Towne was based upon the tale Ligeia by American author Edgar Allan Poe.The film was directed by Roger Corman and was the last in his series of eight film adaptations largely based on the works of Poe.
 Prep & Landing is a series of computer animated television specials produced by the Walt Disney Animation Studios. Voices of Dave Foley Derek Richardson Sarah Chalke and W. Morgan Sheppard are featured in the specials.
 Jack and Jill: A Postscript is a 1970 Australian film.
 Rosa de lejos is a 1980 Argentine film.
 The Life of Jimmy Dolan (released in the UK as The Kid's Last Fight) is a 1933 American film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Loretta Young. John Wayne has a small supporting role as a frightened boxer. It was remade in 1939 as They Made Me a Criminal.
 Bees in His Bonnet is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is presumed to be lost.
 A Lady of Chance is a 1928 silent film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film is based upon the story Little Angel by Leroy Scott and is Norma Shearer's last silent film. Although the film was released with added dialogue scenes Shearer can't be heard.
 The Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans is a 2009 American crime drama film directed by Werner Herzog and starring Nicolas Cage Eva Mendes Tom Bower Jennifer Coolidge Xzibit Val Kilmer and Brad Dourif. The film takes its title from Abel Ferrara's 1992 film Bad Lieutenant; however according to Herzog the film is neither a sequel nor a remake but instead a rethought.The film premiered on September 9 2009 at the 66th Venice International Film Festival where it won the Christopher D.
 Romantic Comedy (Turkish: Romantik Komedi) is a 2010 Turkish romantic comedy film directed by Ketche about three close friends who live very different lives. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on 5 February 2010 (2010-02-05) was one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2010.
 Song o' My Heart is a 1930 American film.
 The Magic World of Topo Gigio (Italian: Le avventure di topo Gigio)) is a 1965 Italian animated family film directed by Federico Caldura. It is also known as The Italian Mouse and The Magic World of Topo Gigio. It was the first full-length feature film of the Topo Gigio Italian children's television series.
 The Wife Swappers is a 1970 drama film by British sexploitation director Derek Ford. The film was produced by Stanley Long and stars James Donnelly Larry Taylor and Valerie St. John.The film was released on UK DVD in January 2007 on the Slam Dunk Media Label (the US DVD release on the Jeff films label is an unauthorized bootleg.)
 White Lies is an upcoming Indian-International film directed by Danis Tanovic starring Emraan Hashmi. The film's music will be composed by Pritam.The film is a joint production between Anurag Kashyap Films French production company ASAP Films and Sikhya Entertainment.
 Tideland is a 2005 British-Canadian fantasy thriller film co-written and directed by Terry Gilliam an adaptation of Mitch Cullin's novel of the same name. The film was shot in Regina Saskatchewan Canada and surrounding area in the fall and winter of 2004. The world premiere was at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival where the film was met with mixed response from both viewers and critics. After little interest from U.S. distributors THINKFilm picked the film up for a U.S.
 Zulu is a 1964 historical war film depicting the Battle of Rorke's Drift between the British Army and the Zulus in January 1879 during the Anglo-Zulu War where 150 British soldiers many of whom were sick and wounded as patients in a field hospital successfully held off a force of 4000 Zulu warriors.The film was directed by blacklisted American screenwriter Cy Endfield and produced by Stanley Baker and Endfield with Joseph E. Levine as executive producer.
 Survive Style 5+ is a 2004 Japanese film directed by Gen Sekiguchi. It stars Tadanobu Asano Kyōko Koizumi Reika Hashimoto Jai West Sonny Chiba and Vinnie Jones.
 Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Final Episode (仁義なき戦い　完結篇 Jingi naki tatakai: Kanketsu-hen) is part five and the final installation of a series of yakuza films directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection is a collection of animated shorts released on DVD by Warner Brothers created as a more family-friendly affordable companion to the higher priced Looney Tunes Golden Collection sets aimed at collectors. The collection contains cartoons from the Merrie Melodies and Looney Tunes series. Many of the cartoons included on these sets are also already available along with many other cartoons on the aforementioned Golden Collection sets.
 Illalu (English title: Housewife; Telugu: ఇల్లాలు) is a 1940 Telugu Drama film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.
 The Adventures of a Private Eye is a 1977 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil Suzy Kendall Harry H. Corbett and Liz Fraser. It was the second in the trilogy of 'Adventures' films after the 1976 film Adventures of a Taxi Driver. It was followed the next year by Adventures of a Plumber's Mate the final film in the trilogy.
 The White Horseman was a 1921 American Western film serial directed by Albert Russell. The serial consisted of eighteen episodes and is now is considered lost although some print clippings are known to have survived.
 The Mysterious Knight (French: Le chevalier mystère) was a short silent film created and released in 1899 and directed by Georges Méliès.
 It Runs in the Family is a 2003 comedy-drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and starring three generations of the Douglas family: Kirk Douglas his son Michael Douglas and Michael's son Cameron Douglas who play three generations of a family.Diana Dill real-life mother to Michael Douglas and ex-wife of Kirk plays the wife of Kirk in the film.
 Alien Souls is a lost 1916 silent film feature directed by Frank Reicher and starring Sessue Hayakawa his real-life wife Tsuru Aoki and Earle Foxe.
 To Trap a Spy is the feature length film version of the pilot episode of The Man from U.N.C.L.E. starring Robert Vaughn and David McCallum. It is the third and longest version of the same story. The original U.N.C.L.E. pilot Solo was filmed in color and as was standard at the time for U.S. network television shows shown primarily to network executives to gain their approval for a series.
 Ljubav i drugi zločini or Love and Other Crimes in English is a 2008 Serbian romantic comedy directed by Stefan Arsenijević and written by Arsenijević and Srđan Koljević and stars Anica Dobra and Vuk Kostić. The film won Arsenijević an award for Best Director at the 2008 Sofia International Film Festival.
 First Spaceship on Venus German: Der schweigende Stern (en: The Silent Star) Polish: Milcząca Gwiazda is a 1960 East German/Polish science fiction film directed by Kurt Maetzig and based on the novel The Astronauts by Stanisław Lem.
 Temptation's Workshop is a 1932 drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 The Laugh On Dad is a 1918 comedy Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 Los Pistoleros de Arizona known in the United States as Five Thousand Dollars on One Ace is a 1965 Spanish Italian and West German Spaghetti Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar.
 Ator l'invincibile (released in America as Ator The Fighting Eagle) is a 1982 Italian film directed by Joe D'Amato and the first film to feature the character Ator (played by Miles O'Keeffe). It is a mockbuster of the film Conan the Barbarian which was released in the same year.
 Honky Tonk is a 1929 American musical film starring Sophie Tucker in her film debut. The film was a flop when released and is now lost although the soundtrack for the trailer still exists. Tucker sings a number of songs in the movie including her theme song Some of These Days and I'm the Last of the Red Hot Mamas from which she took her billing as The Last of the Red Hot Mamas.
 Heeralal Pannalal is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kawal Sharma starring Mithun Chakraborty Johnny Lever Payal Malhotra Mohan Joshi Shakti Kapoor and Pramod Moutho.
 Boys in the Sand is a landmark American gay pornographic film. The 1971 film was directed by Wakefield Poole and stars Casey Donovan. Boys in the Sand was the first gay porn film to achieve crossover success and one of the earliest porn films of any genre to gain mainstream credibility preceding 1972's Deep Throat by nearly a year.Produced on a budget of $8000 the film is a loose collection of three segments depicting Donovan's sexual adventures at a gay beach resort community.
 Banzai Runner is a 1987 American action film starring Dean Stockwell John Shepherd Charles Dierkop Rick Fitts Dawn Schneider and directed by John G. Thomas.
 This article is about the film. For the mountain see Kangchenjunga.Kanchenjungha (Bengali: কাঞ্চনজঙ্ঘা Kanchonjônggha) is a 1962 Indian film directed by Satyajit Ray. It was Ray's first original screenplay and his first colour film. The narrative structure of the film followed the hyperlink style.The film is about an upper class Bengali family on vacation in Darjeeling a popular hill station and resort near Kanchenjunga.
 The Party at Kitty and Stud's better known under the alternative title Italian Stallion is a 1970 softcore adult film. It was Sylvester Stallone's first movie and also his first starring role for which he worked two days and was paid $200. In 1976 shortly after the release of Stallone's popular hit Rocky the film was edited and re-released as Italian Stallion to capitalize on its now-famous star.
 Chō Gekijban Keroro Gunsō 3: Keroro Tai Keroro—Tenkū Dai Kessen de Arimasu! (劇場版ケロロ軍曹3 ケロロ対ケロロ大決戦であります! Keroro Gunso the Super Movie 3: Keroro vs. Keroro—Great Sky Duel) is the third anime movie based on the series Keroro Gunso produced by Sunrise.
 Breaking the Ice is a 1938 American film directed by Edward F. Cline. A young Mennonite boy runs away from home to earn money for his widowed mother.
 Valley of the Kings is a 1954 Eastmancolor adventure film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was written and directed by Robert Pirosh from a screenplay by Robert Pirosh and Karl Tunberg suggested by historical data in the book Gods Graves and Scholars by C. W. Ceram. The music was by Miklós Rózsa and the cinematography by Robert Surtees.
 A Gentle Gangster is a 1943 black-and-white drama film directed by Phil Rosen and written by A. W. Hackel.
 The Journey of Jared Price is a gay-themed coming-of-age 2000 film written produced and directed by Academy Award winner Dustin Lance Black. Black won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 2008 for Milk. The Journey of Jared Price was Black's first feature film.
 Sonic Impact is a 2000 action/thriller starring James Russo and Ice-T with Michael Raynor .
 Cruisin' Down the River is a 1953 film directed by Richard Quine. It stars Dick Haymes and Audrey Totter.
 Mano Po 4: Ako Legal Wife is Regal Entertainment's entry for the 2005 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film focuses on the lives of the Chinese-Filipino community. It stars Jay Manalo Zsa Zsa Padilla as the Legal Wife Cherry Pie Picache as the Lucky Wife and Rufa Mae Quinto as the Latest Wife.
 Block-Heads is a 1938 comedy film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy produced by Hal Roach Studios for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film a reworking of elements from the Laurel and Hardy shorts We Faw Down (1928) and Unaccustomed As We Are (1929) was Roach's final film for MGM and is remembered as one of Laurel and Hardy's most successful films.
 Juanito also known as Viva Juanito! is a 1960 Argentine Spanish West German international co-production film set during the Mexican Revolution.
 Warclouds in the Pacific is a 1941 Canadian short documentary film directed by Stuart Legg and narrated by Lorne Greene.Warclouds in the Pacific which warned of an imminent Japanese attack was released just one week before the attack on Pearl Harbor. The film was part of the Canada Carries On series.It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) losing to another NFB documentary directed by Stuart Legg Churchill's Island.
 La belle équipe is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier and released in 1936. The script was written by Duvivier and Charles Spaak. Music was by Maurice Yvain - the song Quand on s'promène au bord de l'eau sung by Jean Gabin was written by Duvivier Maurice Yvain and Louis Poterat. Interiors were shot at the Studios de Joinville in Joinville-le-Pont Val-de-Marne with exteriors at Chennevières-sur-Marne.
 Le Père Noël a les yeux bleus (1966) is a fifty minute film starring French nouvelle vague icon Jean-Pierre Léaud whose character takes on a job dressing up as Santa Claus in order to save money for a stylish duffel coat. It was the second commercial film made by French director Jean Eustache who would go on to make several other featurettes. The title translates as Santa Claus Has Blue Eyes.
 La Dama duende is a 1945 Argentine film based on a seventeenth-century comedy with the same name by Pedro Calderón de la Barca translated as The Phantom Lady. However the film alters the play considerably - the plot is heavily rewritten and the style of dialogue is completely changed. Calderon's comedy is written in verse while the screenplay of the film is in prose and contains scenes not found in the play.
 Snake in the Eagle's Shadow (Chinese: 蛇形刁手) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping in his directorial debut and starring Jackie Chan Hwang Jang Lee and Yuen Woo-ping's real life father Yuen Siu Tien.Right after this film Yuen Woo-ping directed Drunken Master released in the same year it also starred Jackie Chan Hwang Jang Lee and Yuen Siu Tien and followed a similar plot.
 Chabiwali Pocket Watch is a short film written and directed by Vibhu Puri and produced by the Film and Television Institute of India. The film was the official entry from India to the Student Academy Awards. It was also a chosen to be a part of Indian Panorama '06
 Carry On Up the Jungle is the nineteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made released in 1970. The film marked Frankie Howerd's second and final appearance in the series. He stars alongside regular players Sid James Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Terry Scott and Bernard Bresslaw. Kenneth Williams is unusually absent. Kenneth Connor returns to the series for the first time since Carry On Cleo six years earlier and would now feature in almost every entry up to Carry On Emmannuelle in 1978.
 Nallathoru Kudumbam is a 1979 Tamil Indian feature film directed by duo K. Vijayan. It stars Shivaji Ganesan and Vanisri in the lead roles.
 The Testaments of One Fold and One Shepherd is a 67-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Testaments depicts the life of Jesus in Jerusalem while also depicting the events described in the Book of Mormon from approximately the same time period.
 Teketeke is a 2009 J-Horror film directed by Kôji Shiraishi and based on the urban legend. It was followed by a sequel filmed in the same year.
 The Playboy of the Western World is a 1962 film version of the 1907 play written by John Millington Synge. It was directed and co-written by Brian Desmond Hurst and stars Gary Raymond and Siobhán McKenna. Filmed in County Kerry the film features many of the Abbey Players. The film was produced by the Four Provinces company created in 1952 by Hurst and Michael Morris 3rd Baron Killanin who had previously produced John Ford’s The Rising of the Moon and Gideon's Day.
 Karasu no Oyayubi (カラスの親指) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Tadafumi Itō and based on a novel by Shusuke Michio.
 All Things to All Men is a British film written and directed by George Isaac. It stars Gabriel Byrne Rufus Sewell Toby Stephens and Julian Sands. Sewell plays a dirty cop who manipulates both the underworld and police in order to entrap a thief.
 Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo is a 1944 American war film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is based on the true story of the Doolittle Raid America's first retaliatory air strike against Japan four months after the December 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Mervyn LeRoy directed Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo and Sam Zimbalist produced the film. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was based on the 1943 book of the same name written by Captain Ted W. Lawson a pilot who participated in the raid.
 The Sea Beast is a 1926 silent film adaptation of the novel Moby Dick by Herman Melville a story about a monomaniacal hunt for a great white whale. However the film alters the novel's plotline by establishing prequel (the romancing of Esther) and sequel (Ahab's safe return) elements that are not in the original story and substitutes a happy ending for Melville's original tragic one.Some of the characters in the film do not appear in Melville's original novel.
 I Aim at the Stars is a 1960 biographical film which tells the story of the life of Wernher von Braun. The film covers his life from his early days in Germany through Peenemünde up until his work with the U.S. Army NASA and the American space program.The film stars Curt Jürgens Victoria Shaw Herbert Lom Gia Scala and James Daly.The movie was written by Jay Dratler based on a story by George Froeschel H. W. John and Udo Wolter. It was directed by J.
 Movie Maniacs is the 13th short subject film starring American slapstick comedy trio the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Casino Raiders II is a 1991 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau Dave Wong Jacklyn Wu and Monica Chan. Despite the title the film is the third installment in the Casino Raiders film series following Casino Raiders (1989) and No Risk No Gain (1990). The film franchise all have different storyline while sharing a common principal star of Andy Lau.
 Absolute Evil – Final Exit is a drama film written and directed by Ulli Lommel. The film stars Carolyn Neff Rusty Joiner and David Carradine. The film premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 8 2009.
 Stepfather III (also known as Stepfather III: Father's Day in home video releases) is a 1992 slasher film directed and written by Guy Magar and starring Robert Wightman and Priscilla Barnes. Stepfather III is the second sequel to 1987's The Stepfather and concerns the titular serial killer seeking out yet another all-American family to become a part of using plastic surgery to disguise himself from the authorities.
 Liberty Village – Somewhere in Heaven is a 2006 documentary film about the Liberty Village neighbourhood in Toronto Canada.The film was produced and directed by David Sloma and features interviews with residents of Liberty Village such as Corky Laing of the supergroup Mountain who contributed the music for the film from recordings of his band Cork.
 Manhattan Tower is a 1932 film directed by Frank R. Strayer starring Mary Brian and James Hall. Manhattan Tower is currently available via the Internet Archive.
 The Eagle with Two Heads (French title L'Aigle à deux têtes) is a French film directed by Jean Cocteau released in 1948. It was adapted from his own play L'Aigle à deux têtes which was first staged in 1946 and it retained the principal actors from the first Paris production.
 Rivers of Sand is a 1973 documentary film by Robert Gardner that portrays the Hamar people of southwestern Ethiopia.
 Partie de campagne (pronounced: [paʁ.ti də kɑ̃.paɲ]; A Day in the Country) is a 1936 French featurette written and directed by Jean Renoir based on a short story by Guy de Maupassant who was a friend of Renoir's father the renowned painter Auguste Renoir.
 Bloody Mallory is a 2002 French film directed by Julien Magnat and written by Magnat and Stéphane Kazandjian. The film stars Olivia Bonamy Adrià Collado Jeffrey Ribier Laurent Spielvogel Valentina Vargas Julien Boisselier and Thylda Barès. The film's score was composed by Kenji Kawai. The film itself is a mix of horror action and comedy in a style highly reminiscent of American television shows such as Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Xena: Warrior Princess.
 The Other is a 1972 psychological horror film directed by Robert Mulligan adapted for film by Tom Tryon from his bestselling novel. It stars Uta Hagen Diana Muldaur and Chris and Martin Udvarnoky.
 Opening Day of Close-Up (Italian: Il giorno della prima di Close Up) is a 1996 Italian short film directed by Nanni Moretti. It was screened out of competition at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Naked Gun is a series of American crime comedy films created by Zucker Abrahams and Zucker. All three films are based on their earlier short-lived ABC television series Police Squad! which was cancelled after six episodes.
 Bonds of Love was a 1919 American silent romantic drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Pauline Frederick. It is based on the Arthur Wing Pinero play His House in Order. Distributed by Goldwyn Pictures the film is now considered lost.
 Mayblossom is a 1917 silent feature film directed by Edward José and starring Pearl White.
 Buried on Sunday is a Canadian comedy film released in 1992. It was directed by Paul Donovan and written by Donovan and Bill Fleming.The film stars Paul Gross as Augustus Knickel the mayor of Solomon Gundy a fictional island off the coast of Nova Scotia. The community is in an economic crisis due to the cod fishing moratorium but finds its fortunes transformed when an AWOL Russian nuclear submarine surfaces at the island.
 Die Liebe und der Co-Pilot is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Richard Groschopp. It was released in 1961.
 Dhanwan is a 1981 Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead role paired opposite Reena Roy and produced by Sohanlal Kanwar.The supporting cast includes Aruna Irani Rakesh Roshan Shakti Kapoor Om Prakash and Vijayendra Ghatge. Rakesh Roshan was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor at the Filmfare Awards the only one for the film. Reena Roy plays the role of a defiant widow who reforms the egotistical Rajesh Khanna in the film.
 The Devil's Canyon is a 1953 Western film.
 Araf is a 2006 Turkish film directed by Biray Dalkiran
 The Dawns Here Are Quiet (Russian: А зори здесь тихие translit. A zori zdes tikhie) is a 1972 Soviet film directed by Stanislav Rostotsky based on Boris Vasilyev's novel of the same name. The film was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Language Film category.
 Always is a 1989 romantic drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Richard Dreyfuss Holly Hunter John Goodman introducing Brad Johnson and featuring Audrey Hepburn's cameo in her final film appearance. The film was distributed by Universal Studios and United Artists.Always is a remake of the 1943 romantic drama A Guy Named Joe although Spielberg did not treat the film as a direct scene-by-scene repeat of the earlier World War II melodrama.
 The Hunter (Russian: Okhotnik) is a 2011 Russian drama film directed by Bakur Bakuradze. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Karakattakaran was a 1989 Tamil movie directed by Gangai Amaran and produced by Karumari Kandasamy and J. Durai. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 425-day run at the box office. The cast included Ramarajan Kanaka Goundamani Senthil Santhana Bharathi Chandrasekhar Kanthimathi and Kovai Sarala. The music of Ilayaraja was also well-received and in particular the song Maanguyilae Poonguyile has become a classic.
 I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer is a 2006 horror film. Released direct-to-video the film is the third installment of the I Know What You Did Last Summer series but does not have any of the cast returning from the first two installments.
 Senthoora Poove is a 1988 Indian Tamil film directed by P. R. Devaraj starring Vijayakanth Ramki and Nirosha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Manoj - Gyan and was released on 23 September 1988. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 205-day run at the box office.
 Choorian (Punjabi: چوڑیاں) (Bangles in English) is a 1998 Pakistani Punjabi-language drama film directed by Syed Noor & produced by Haji Faqir Mohammad. Film stars Moammar Rana and Saima. Choorian is Pakistan’s second highest-grossing film of all-time.
 Cool as Ice is a 1991 American musical romance film directed by David Kellogg and starring rapper Vanilla Ice in his feature film debut. The film focuses on the character of Johnny Van Owen a freewheeling motorcycle-riding rapper who arrives in a small town and meets Kathy an honor student who catches his eye. Meanwhile Kathy's father who is in witness protection is found by the corrupt police officers he escaped from years ago.
 His Royal Slyness is a 1920 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It was remade in 1927 as Long Fliv the King which featured Oliver Hardy.
 Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold is an adventure comedy film directed by Gary Nelson and released on January 30 1987 in the United States. It is loosely based on the novel Allan Quatermain by H. Rider Haggard. It is the sequel to King Solomon's Mines.The role of Allan Quatermain is reprised by Richard Chamberlain as is that of Jesse Huston by Sharon Stone who was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Awards for Worst Actress for this role.
 Noi credevamo is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Mario Martone. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Car Keys (French: Les clefs de bagnole) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Laurent Baffie.
 Palermo or Wolfsburg (German: Palermo oder Wolfsburg) is a 1980 film by Werner Schroeter. It tells the story of an Italian immigrant who comes to West Germany in search of work.
 The New Swiss Family Robinson is a 1998 film directed by Stewart Raffill. The film is based on The Swiss Family Robinson and stars Jane Seymour David Carradine James Keach John Mallory Asher Blake Bashoff and Jamie Renée Smith.
 Side Effects is a 2005 romantic comedy about the pharmaceutical industry starring Katherine Heigl as Karly Hert a pharmaceutical detailer who becomes disillusioned with the lack of ethics in the pharmaceutical industry and has tough choices to make. Also starring Lucian McAfee Dorian DeMichele Dave Durbin Temeceka Harris. The movie's title is a reference to the medical term side effects.
 Thagaraaru (English: Bone of contention) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by Ganesh Vinaayac and produced by Cloud Nine Movies. The film stars Arulnithi and Poorna in the lead roles. The soundtrack was composed by Dharan while Praveen Sathya composed the score. Dillraj was the cinematographer and T. S. Suresh edited the film. The film released on December 6 2013 and received positive reviews from critics.The film did average business at the box office.
 You Only Live Once is a 1937 crime drama film starring Sylvia Sidney and Henry Fonda. Considered an early film noir the film was the second directed by Fritz Lang in America[citation needed]. At least 15 minutes were trimmed from the original 100-minute version of the film due to its then unprecedented realistic violence. Despite the absence of such scenes the film was initially successful and is an early film noir classic.
 The Rescue is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 Soñar no Cuesta Nada (English: Dreaming Doesn't Cost a Thing) is a 2006 Colombian black comedy film directed by Rodrigo Triana. Based on a true story the plot follows a group of anti-guerrilla soldiers whose lives are turned upside down after finding $45 million hidden in the jungle.
 Stealing Candy is a 2002 thriller film directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Daniel Baldwin.
 Heaven is a 1987 documentary film about beliefs concerning the afterlife and heaven in particular. The film was written and directed by Diane Keaton and features a soundtrack by Howard Shore.
 Ganga Meri Maa is a 1983 Indian hindi language action/thriller film The film stars Shatrughan Sinha Neetu Singh Danny Denzongpa Nirupa Roy Sujit Kumar and Ranjeet. produced by Joginder Luthra and directed by Shyam Rahlan. The music is by R.D.Burman.
 Parasakthi (English: The Goddess) is a 1952 Indian Tamil social melodrama film directed by R. Krishnan and S. Panju. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan in his debut while Pandari Bai Sriranjani Jr. S. S. Rajendran and S. V. Sahasranamam appear in supporting roles. It was jointly produced by National Pictures and AVM Productions and is based on a stage drama titled Parasakthi written by Pavalar Balasundaram.
 The Favour the Watch and the Very Big Fish is a 1991 comedy film directed by Ben Lewin starring Bob Hoskins Jeff Goldblum and Natasha Richardson. The story set in Paris follows the fateful meeting of Louis Aubinar with Sybil who brings into his life her last unfortunate lover the Pianist. The plot is based on the novel by Marcel Aymé.
 The Beat is a film released in the U.S. in 1988.
 The Pointing Finger is a 1933 British drama film directed by George Pearson and starring John Stuart Viola Keats and Leslie Perrins. A man plots to murder his half-brother so he claim his earldom and an inheritance. It was made by Twickenham Film Studios. Based on the novel The Pointing Finger (1907) by Rita it was a remake of the 1922 film of the same name.
 For the characters from the novel see Brides of Dracula.The Brides of Dracula is a 1960 British Hammer Film Productions Horror film directed by Terence Fisher.
 Little Chenier is a 2006 film written by Jace Johnson and Bethany Ashton and directed by Ashton. It is set in the bayous of Louisiana and stars Johnathon Schaech Frederick Koehler Tamara Braun Jeremy Davidson Clifton Collins Jr. & Chris Mulkey.
 Kathputli is a 1971 Bollywood romance film directed by Brij. The film stars Jeetendra and Mumtaz.
 Greetings is a 2004 Malayalam film by Shajoon Karyal starring Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan.
 Goldrush: A Real Life Alaskan Adventure is a 1998 made-for-TV adventure film directed by John Power and distributed by Walt Disney Television. The film is also known as Gold Rush! and stars Alyssa Milano and Bruce Campbell as two people who join the dangerous gold rush in the wilderness of Alaska. The film was telecast as a presentation for The Wonderful World of Disney.
 The Seven Minutes is a 1971 American drama film directed and produced by Russ Meyer. The film was based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Irving Wallace.
 Uuno Turhapuro – kaksoisagentti is a Finnish 1987 comedy film written and directed by Spede Pasanen. It is the twelfth film in the Uuno Turhapuro series and at the same time the first one to be made without Ere Kokkonen. Its name translates to Uuno Turhapuro – the double agent.
 The Butcher's Wife is a 1991 romantic comedy film in which a clairvoyant woman (Demi Moore) thinks that she's met her future husband (George Dzundza) who she has seen in her dreams and is a butcher in New York. They marry and move to the city where her powers tend to influence everyone she meets while working in the shop. Through her advice she helps others and eventually finds the true man of her dreams.
 No. 1 Snehatheeram Bangalore North is a 1995 Malayalam film written by Fazil directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and produced by Fazil starring Mammootty and Priya Raman supported by Innocent Thilakan Oduvil Unnikrishnan and Sukumari.
 Kolah Ghermezi and Pesar Khaleh (in Persian: کلاه‌قرمزی و پسرخاله) is a 1995 Iranian film directed by Iraj Tahmasb. The film is about Kolah Ghermezi a popular puppet character of the early 90's in Iran.
 Before Vanishing is a Syrian documentary film by director Joude Gorani.The filmmaker travels from the beginning to the end of the Barada river that surrounds the capital city of Damascus. Often deemed iconic of nature's wondrous beauty the film reveals how the Barada river has suffered from exploitation neglect pollution and unplanned urbanization.
 Docks of San Francisco is a 1932 American crime film directed by George B. Seitz. The film is now considered to be a lost film.
 Three Nights of Love (Italian: Tre notti d'amore) is a 1964 drama film directed by Renato Castellani Luigi Comencini and Franco Rossi and starring Adolfo Celi.
 The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum or: how violence develops and where it can lead (German original title: Die verlorene Ehre der Katharina Blum oder: Wie Gewalt entstehen und wohin sie führen kann) is a 1975 film adaptation by Volker Schlöndorff and Margarethe von Trotta of the novel of the same name by Heinrich Böll.The film stars Angela Winkler as Blum Mario Adorf as Kommissar Beizmenne Dieter Laser as Tötges and Jürgen Prochnow as Ludwig.
 That Minstrel Man is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Hiawatha is a 1952 American film based on the 1855 epic poem The Song of Hiawatha by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow centering on Native Americans in pre-Columbian times. Directed by Kurt Neumann with stars Vincent Edwards and Yvette Dugay it became the final feature produced by the low-budget Monogram Pictures a mainstay of Hollywood's Poverty Row.
 Released to the festival circuit in 2009 She's a Fox is a semi-autobiographical short film written and directed by Cameron Sawyer and starring Academy Award nominee Hailee Steinfeld (True Grit). The story follows sixth grader Cameron Sawyer (Jake Nutty) as he pursues the most popular girl in his elementary school (Steinfeld).
 Yomigaeri (黄泉がえり) is a 2002 Japanese film directed by Akihiko Shiota that released theatrically on 18 January 2003. It features Tsuyoshi Kusanagi (of the pop group SMAP) and Yuko Takeuchi in the lead roles and stars a number of actors in smaller roles who are (or have subsequently become) well known in Japanese film and television.
 Sikuru Tharuwa is a 1963 Sri Lankan drama written by P. K. D Seneviratne. It was developed by the Kurulu Rana group that attempted to make original movies pertaining to Sinhalese culture.
 Carry On England is the 28th in the series of Carry On films to be made. It was released in 1976 and featured Carry On regulars Kenneth Connor Jack Douglas Joan Sims and Peter Butterworth. It was second and last Carry On film for Windsor Davies Diane Langton and Peter Jones while Patrick Mower Judy Geeson and Melvyn Hayes make their only appearance in a Carry On film. It was followed by Carry On Emmannuelle in 1978.
 Second Serve is an American biopic of eye surgeon professional tennis player and male-to-female transgender woman Renée Richards. The made-for-television film is based on her 1983 autobiography Second Serve: The Renée Richards Story that was written with John Ames. The script is by Stephanie Liss and Gavin Lambert and the film was directed by Anthony Page. Second Serve aired on CBS on May 13 1986 and stars Vanessa Redgrave as Richards.
 Awam is a Hindi film released in 1987 with Rajesh Khanna in the lead role and supported by Shafi Inamdar Ashok Kumar Raj Babbar Nana Patekar Smita Patil and Poonam Dhillon. In this film the playback singing for Rajesh Khanna was done by Mahendra Kapoor.
 South West Pacific is a 1943 propaganda short Australian film directed by Ken G. Hall which focuses on Australia as the main Allied base in the South West Pacific area. Actors depict a cross section of Australians involved in the war effort.
 Cradle 2 the Grave is a 2003 American action film directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak featuring actor Jet Li and rapper DMX.
 Ikiteiru Koheiji (生きている小平次) aka The Living Koheiji is a 1957 black-and-white musical Japanese film directed by Nobuo Aoyagi.
 Stella is a 1990 American drama film produced by The Samuel Goldwyn Company and released by Touchstone Pictures. The screenplay by Robert Getchell is the third feature film adaptation of the 1920 novel Stella Dallas by Olive Higgins Prouty.The title character is a vulgar and unfashionable single mother living in Watertown NY who determined to give her daughter Jenny all the opportunities she never had ultimately makes a selfless sacrifice to ensure her happiness.
 Troublesome Night 2 is a 1997 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau. It is the second of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 For the 1913 film see The Haunted House (1913 film).The Haunted House is a 1921 short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton. It was written and directed by Keaton and Edward F. Cline. The runtime is 21 minutes. One of the more memorable sequences of the film involves bank teller Buster spilling glue all over his counter reminiscent of a scene in his first film The Butcher Boy.
 Los Junqueros is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Why Girls Go Back Home is a lost 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. James Flood directed and Patsy Ruth Miller and Clive Brook starred. Myrna Loy has a feature role. A sequel of sorts to Warner's 1921 Why Girls Leave Home a box office hit.
 Berlin Appointment for the Spies (Italian: Berlino - Appuntamento per le spie) is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Vittorio Sala and starring Dana Andrews. The film is also known as Bang You're Dead.It was retitled Spy in Your Eye for American International Pictures' American release where it was double billed with Secret Agent Fireball.
 Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman is a 1993 made-for-TV movie based on the 1958 film of the same name. Directed by Christopher Guest and starring Daryl Hannah and Daniel Baldwin the film premiered on HBO on December 11 1993 and was later theatrically released in the UK France and Germany.
 Escape from Singapore is a 1973 Australian TV dramatised documentary about General Gordon Bennett and his escape from Singapore in World War Two.It was a number of dramatised documentaries Power made for Australian TV. He spent ten months researching it accessing papers provided by Bennett's widow. It won Best Documentary at the 1974 TV Week Logie Awards.
 Nez de cuir / Naso di cuoio is a 1952 French-Italian film released in English speaking nations as Leathernose.
 My Japan is a 1945[citation needed] American anti-Japanese propaganda short film produced to spur sale of American war bonds. The film takes the form of a mock travelogue of Japan presented by an impersonated Japanese narrator.
 Dead Bodies is a 2003 Irish drama film by Robert Quinn starring Andrew Scott Katy Davis Eamonn Owens Darren Healy and Kelly Reilly. The screenplay was written by Derek Landy.
 Ghidorah the Three-Headed Monster released in Japan as San Daikaijū: Chikyū Saidai no Kessen (三大怪獣　地球最大の決戦 lit. Three Giant Monsters: Earth's Greatest Battle) is a 1964 Japanese science fiction kaiju film produced by Toho. Directed by Ishirō Honda and featuring special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya the film starred Yosuke Natsuki Hiroshi Koizumi and Akiko Wakabayashi.
 Chaitra is a short film by Kranti Kanade based on author G.A. Kulkarni's story of the same name. Kranti selected this story for his thesis short film towards completion of his degree in Direction from Film and Television Institute of India. The film went on to win three National Film Awards in 2002.
 It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books is the first feature film by Richard Linklater. The film features little dialogue and was released in 1988.
 You Think You Really Know Me: The Gary Wilson Story is a documentary about the experimental musician Gary Wilson directed by Michael Wolk. The film documents Wilson's career during the late 1970s/early 1980s and his return to the public eye in 2002 after two decades of self-imposed exile. It was shot entirely in DV with 35mm 16mm and 8mm archival footage. The film was screened at several sold out independent theaters in 2005. The movie was released by Plexifilm on June 17 2008.
 The Ghosts of Berkeley Square is a 1947 British comedy film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Robert Morley and Felix Aylmer. The film is an adaptation of the novel No Nightingales by Caryl Brahms and S. J. Simon inspired by the enduring reputation of the property at 50 Berkeley Square as the most haunted house in London.
 The Young in Heart (1938) is a film comedy starring Janet Gaynor Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Paulette Goddard Roland Young and Billie Burke.Made by Selznick International Pictures and distributed by United Artists the movie was directed by Richard Wallace and produced by David O. Selznick from a screenplay by Paul Osborn adapted by Charles Bennett from the serial The Gay Banditti by I. A. R. Wylie.The music score was by Franz Waxman and Heinz Roemheld.
 This article is about the American film Roosters for other uses of Roosters see The Roosters (disambiguation)Roosters is a 1993 American dramatic film with a screenplay by Milcha Sanchez-Scott that is adapted from her play of the same name. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1993 before being released in the United States in 1995.
 Der Blindgänger or The Dud is a short film by Andreas Samland released in 2004.
 The Dark Horse is a 1932 political comedy film starring Warren William and Bette Davis. The movie was directed by Alfred E. Green.
 Circle of Power is a 1983 film co-produced by Gary Mehlman Anthony Quinn and Jeffrey White and based on the non-fiction book The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled. It stars Yvette Mimieux in her final film performance to date.The film is also known as Mystique Brainwash and The Naked Weekend.
 First World is a 2007 independent science fiction short film written and produced by Mark Lund and directed by Adam Starr. This 25 minute short has bypassed the traditional film festival circuit and has been distributed primarily at science fiction conventions in the United States Japan Australia and Great Britain. The short is based on a feature length screenplay of the same name and was primarily produced as a promotional tool to secure production of the long version of the story.
 Souryam (Telugu: శౌర్యం) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by cinematographer-turned-director J. Siva Kumar who makes his directorial debut. It stars Gopichand and Anushka Shetty in the main lead. The film was dubbed and released in Malayalam as Souryam and in Hindi as Meri Shapath. The film has remade into Kannada as Shourya with Darshan and Madalasa Sharma and into Tamil by Prabhu Deva as Vedi with Vishal Krishna and Sameera Reddy in the lead roles.
 A Beautiful Mind.... of a Gladiator is a 2004 short film which is a parody of the Oscar-winning films Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind both of which star Russell Crowe. The film's cast consists of newcomer Indian actor Akshay Kapoor in a small role. The film's leading character is Maximus Nash (played by Evan Mathew Weinstein) whose name is a combination of Maximus the leading character in Gladiator and John Forbes Nash the leading character in A Beautiful Mind.
 Lacuna (Chinese: 醉后一夜) is a 2012 Chinese film directed by Derek Tsang and Jimmy Wan.
 Secret of the Cave is a 2006 student film by the School of Visual Art and Design at Southern Adventist University. The film is an adaptation of the 1920 children's story of the same name by Arthur S. Maxwell (also known as Uncle Arthur). It was released on DVD in September 2007 and is distributed by First Look Studios in conjunction with Carmel Entertainment.
 Omicron is a 1963 Italian science fiction-comedy film directed by Ugo Gregoretti. The film entered the competition at the 24th Venice International Film Festival.
 Alfons Zitterbacke is an East German film. It was released in 1966.
 Opened by Mistake is a 1940 film starring Charles Ruggles and Janice Logan.
 All for Science is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Shadow Magic (simplified Chinese: 西洋镜; traditional Chinese: 西洋鏡; pinyin: Xīyángjìng) is a 2000 film directed and co-written by Ann Hu. The film was a US-China co-production starring Xia Yu Jared Harris and Xing Yufei. The movie was Ann Hu's directorial debut.
 Soy un delincuente (English: I Am a Criminal) is a 1976 Venezuelan film by director Clemente de la Cerda based on the autobiography of Ramón Antonio Brizuela.The film was a blockbuster hit in Venezuela surpassing even big American productions such as Jaws and is considered one of the most important films in the movement called Nuevo Cine Venezolano.Some critics suggest that this film is clearly influenced by Italian neorealism introducing common elements such as the presence of non-professional actors and use of real streets as settings for scenes.The film won the Special Jury Prize at the Locarno International Film Festival in 1977.
 Mystery Liner is a 1934 American film directed by William Nigh.
 Steel is a 1997 American superhero action film based on the DC Comics character John Henry Irons who first appeared in 1993 during the Reign of the Supermen! storyline in the Superman comic book titles. The film stars Shaquille O'Neal as Irons and his alter-ego Steel Annabeth Gish as his wheelchair-using partner Susan Sparks and Judd Nelson as their rival Nathaniel Burke. The plot centers on an accident caused by Burke which leaves Sparks paralyzed.
 Blood Monkey is a 2007 American direct-to-video natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment and directed by Robert Young. It aired on various video on demand channels before officially premiering in the United States on the Syfy Channel on January 27 2008. Filmed in Thailand it is the 1st film in the Maneater Series produced under an agreement with Syfy.
 Heavy Metal Parking Lot is a video documentary short produced by Jeff Krulik and John Heyn in 1986.
 A Batalha do Passinho is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Emílio Domingos. The film follows a dance known as passinho which emerged from the funk carioca scene and became a viral internet sensation after a video was posted on YouTube.
 El Gran Calavera (The Great MadCap) is a 1949 Mexican comedy film directed by Luis Buñuel its original premise has been used for the 2013 Mexican film Nosotros los Nobles.
 Reencuentro con la gloria is a 1962 Argentine film.
 All About Ah-Long (Chinese: 阿郎的故事 Taiwan name:又見阿郎) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Johnnie To and starring Chow Yun-fat Sylvia Chang and Ng Man-Tat.
 The Courtship of Eddie's Father is a 1963 romantic comedy film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Glenn Ford as a widowed father with a young son to care for played by Ron Howard.It inspired a television series of the same name starring Bill Bixby and Brandon Cruz.
 Footnote (Hebrew: הערת שוליים‎ translit. He'arat Shulayim) is a 2011 Israeli drama film written and directed by Joseph Cedar starring Shlomo Bar'aba and Lior Ashkenazi. The plot revolves around the troubled relationship between a father and son who teach at the Talmud department of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The film won the Best Screenplay Award at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Harrison and Barrison (Hungarian: Harrison és Barrison) is a 1917 Hungarian silent comedy film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Márton Rátkai Dezsõ Gyárfás and Nusi Somogyi. Korda broke from his previous practice of adapting literary works to direct an original screenplay. The film's style is a madcap one which relied on the talents of its two stars Rátkai and Gyárfás who were popular comedians. It was Korda's most famous Hungarian film better known than his literary adaptions.
 Safe Haven is a 2013 American romance film starring Julianne Hough Josh Duhamel and Cobie Smulders. It was released theatrically in North America on February 14 2013. The film was directed by Lasse Hallström and is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' novel of the same name. The film was originally set for a February 8 release but was moved to February 14 2013.
 The Dock Brief (US title Trial and Error) is a 1962 black-and-white British legal satire directed by James Hill starring Peter Sellers and Richard Attenborough and based on the play of the same name written by John Mortimer (creator of Horace Rumpole).Richard Attenborough was nominated for the 1963 BAFTA Award for best British Actor for his role.
 Sketches of Frank Gehry is a 2006 American documentary film directed by Sydney Pollack and produced by Ultan Guilfoyle about the life and work of the Canadian-American architect Frank Gehry. The film was screened out of competition at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. Pollack and Gehry had been friends and mutual admirers for years.
 Le traquenard (1915) is a French crime silent film starring Fernand Mailly and Irène Bordoni.
 Diên Biên Phu (French for Điện Biên Phủ) is a 1992 film written and directed by French veteran Pierre Schoendoerffer. With its huge budget all-star cast and realistic war scenes produced with the cooperation of the French and Vietnamese armies Dîen Bîen Phu is regarded by many as one of the more important war movies produced in French filmmaking history.
 Yıkılmayan Adam (The Indestructible Man) is a Turkish political film by director Remzi Aydın Jöntürk is the final film of his Adam Trilogy. It comes after Yarınsız Adam (Man Without Tomorrow) of 1976 and Satılmış Adam (The Sold Man) of 1977. Cüneyt Arkın plays the leading role. The film tells the story of the class struggles in Turkey in the late 1970s with a powerful style.It is memorable for several scenes.
 Carry On Columbus (1992) is the 31st and final (to date) film in the series of Carry On films to be made; it was a belated entry to the series following 1978's Carry On Emmannuelle. It was produced to coincide with the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' discovery of the Americas (two other more serious films on the subject 1492: Conquest of Paradise and Christopher Columbus: The Discovery came out the same year).
 Scared Sacred is an independent film produced in 2004 and released in 2006 by director Velcrow Ripper.Scared Sacred is an award winning feature length documentary that takes viewers to many of the places in the world that have experienced great suffering in recent years including Bhopal Hiroshima Israel and Palestine.
 Proloy (Bengali: প্রলয়; English: Disaster) is a 2013 Indian Bengali crime thriller film directed by Raj Chakraborty produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and Raj Chakraborty Productions starring Parambrata Chatterjee and Mimi Chakraborty. The film's music is by Indradeep Dasgupta. The film's first song রোশনী এলো Roshni Elo was unveiled on the film's official YouTube channel on 1 July 2013.
 Man of Ashes (Arabic: ريح السد‎ translit. Rih essed) is a 1986 Tunisian drama film directed by Nouri Bouzid. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Seul dans Paris is a 1951 French film. It stars Bourvil Magali Noël Georgette Anys and Yvette Etiévant.
 Rokkk (English translation: Banned) is a 2010 Bollywood horror film starring Tanushree Dutta and Udita Goswami. It is the first time that these two actresses star in a movie together. The movie is directed by Rajesh Ranshinge. It is based on supernatural thoughts and inevitable emotions. The movie does not contain any songs.
 Desert Blues is a 2006 documentary film.
 Official Halloween Parody is a 2011 pornographic horror film written and directed by Gary Dean Orona. It is based on the 1978 film Halloween and was released two months prior to Halloween: XXX Porn Parody another adult spoof of Halloween by Smash Pictures.
 Aayiram Nilave Vaa is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Prof.A.S.Pragasam for New Wave Pictures. The film stars Karthik Muthuraman and Sulakshana in the lead roles.
 Party Girl is a (1958) American film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Robert Taylor Cyd Charisse and Lee J. Cobb. It was the last film Taylor did under contract for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 McCanick is a 2013 American crime-drama mystery film directed by Josh C. Waller. It stars David Morse Mike Vogel Trevor Morgan Ciarán Hinds and Cory Monteith. This was Cory Monteith's last role before his sudden death in July 2013. It has been selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. Theater release on March 21 2014.
 Ein Schritt weiter is an East German film. It was released in 1953.
 Adiós Abuelo (English language: Goodbye Grandad) is a 1996 Argentine musical film directed by Emilio Vieyra and written by Isaac Aisemberg. The film starred Alejandro Urdapilleta and Alejandra Flechner. It was filmed in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Shanghai Calling is a 2012 American romantic-comedy film written and directed by Daniel Hsia and produced by Janet Yang. Starring Daniel Henney Eliza Coupe and Bill Paxton Shanghai Calling is a story about a group of Americans who find themselves immigrants in a foreign country.
 He-Man (Chinese: 硬漢２　奉陪到底) is a 2011 Chinese action comedy film directed by Ding Sheng. The film is a sequel to Ding Sheng's 2008 film The Underdog Knight. The plot is set in Qingdao China where a discharged navy man Lao San (Liu Ye) is caught in the crossfire of a bank robbery. He becomes the a crime-fighter for the city by working with the local police using his strong fighting techniques that he learned from his time with the navy.
 Green Fields (Yiddish: Grine Felder or Grune Felder) is a 1937 American comedy-drama directed by Jacob Ben-Ami and Edgar G. Ulmer and written by Peretz Hirschbein. A film adaptation of Hirschbein's 1916 play of the same name the low-budget movie was filmed in New Jersey. The National Center of Jewish Cinema has praised Green Fields saying that the film heralded the Golden Age of Yiddish cinema.
 My Wife's Relations is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton.
 Villain is a 1971 gangster film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Richard Burton Ian McShane T. P. McKenna and Donald Sinden.
 Girl Shy is a 1924 romantic comedy silent film starring Harold Lloyd and Jobyna Ralston. The movie was written by Sam Taylor Tim Whelan and Ted Wilde and was directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and Taylor.
 Zoom (also known as Zoom: Academy for Superheroes) is a 2006 American comedy superhero film. It is based upon the children's book Amazing Adventures from Zoom's Academy by Jason Lethcoe. Directed by Peter Hewitt the film stars Tim Allen Kate Mara Spencer Breslin Michael Cassidy Kevin Zegers Courteney Cox Arquette Chevy Chase Ryan Newman and Rip Torn.The film's release was delayed due to a lawsuit filed by Fox and Marvel Comics.
 Girl Play is an indie film made in 2004 and directed by Lee Friedlander.
 I'll Never Heil Again is the 56th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Brave One is a 1956 American drama film directed by Irving Rapper and starring Michel Ray Rodolfo Hoyos Jr. and Elsa Cárdenas. It tells the story of a young Mexican boy who tries to save his beloved bull Gitano from the bullfighting arena.
 Naughty Dallas is an American film about a small town girl who arrives in Dallas determined to become a stripper.It was claimed this movie was partly shot in Jack Ruby's nightclub but this has been discounted. There was also a rumour Buchanan shot footage of Jack Ruby.
 Cold Steel is a 1987 American thriller film directed by Dorothy Ann Puzo and starred Brad Davis Sharon Stone Jonathan Banks and Adam Ant.
 Aa Okkati Adakku is a 1993 Telugu Comedy hit film produced by AVM Productions and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana. It is a remake of the 1986 Tamil movie Paaru Paaru Pattanam Paaru starring Mohan and Ranjini directed by Manobala. It is remade into Hindi language as Mr. and Mrs. Khiladi (1997) starring Akshay Kumar and Juhi Chawla.
 Ulta Palta is a 1997 Indian Kannada film based on Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors directed by N.S. Shankar. The film starred Ramesh Aravind and Sushma Veer in lead roles. The music of the film was composed by V. Manohar.
 Slutty and Sluttier is a pornographic film series by director Manuel Ferrara. The first movie was released in 2006. There are 18 films of the series. Manuel Ferrara has starred in all of them.
 The Gentle Cyclone is a 1926 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Taste of Fear (US title: Scream of Fear) is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Seth Holt shot in black-and-white by Douglas Slocombe and released by Hammer Films. The film stars Susan Strasberg Ronald Lewis Ann Todd and Christopher Lee the latter one of Hammer's most bankable stars in a supporting role.
 Cosi is a 1996 Australian comedy-drama-musical film directed by Mark Joffe. Louis Nowra wrote both the screenplay and the play it is based on.
 Kiratha Arjuna (also known as Oorvasi Saahasam) was a 1940 Indian Tamil period film directed by G. Ramaseshan and Muthuswami Iyer. The film's ensemble cast featured M. R. Krishnamurthi P. B. Rangachari Thirukharaivaasal Subbulakshmi Bhavani K. Sambamurthi T. M. Ramasami Pillai M. V. Sulochana M. S. Mani and T. V. Lakshmi. Kiratha Arjuna narrated the epic tale about the Pandava prince Arjuna and Lord Shiva disguised as a tribal hunter fighting him.
 Meenathil Thalikettu (English: Wedding in March) is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by Rajan Sankaradi written by A.K. Sajan and A. K. Santhosh with the story by Lal Jose. Dileep Thilakan Sulekha Zeenath and Jagathy Sreekumar play the lead roles. Oduvil Unnikrishnan makes a cameo appearance. The film is about a 22-year-old Omanakkuttan (Dileep) who is still a high school student and then gets married due to certain circumstances. The music is composed by Ouseppachan.
 The Stairs is a 1950 American short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Maïna is a Canadian drama film released in 2013.
 Ancient Qumran: A Virtual Reality Tour is the title of a computer-generated film that presents a theoretical reconstruction of the ancient Khirbet Qumran site. The film is silent but is projected together with an oral presentation interpreting the Qumran site's historical significance. The film and presentation were authored by Robert Cargill while a graduate student at UCLA and an associate of the Qumran Visualization Project (QVP) directed by UCLA bible scholar William Schniedewind.
 Extracted also known as Extraction in the UK is an independent 2012 American science fiction thriller directed and written by Nir Paniry. Sasha Roiz stars as a scientist whose consciousness becomes trapped in the mind of a convict (Dominic Bogart) who volunteered to be a part of an experimental procedure.
 Sands of the Kalahari is a 1965 British adventure film starring Stuart Whitman Stanley Baker Susannah York Harry Andrews and Theodore Bikel based on the 1960 novel by William Mulvihill. The screenplay was written by Cy Endfield and William Mulvihill and directed by Cy Endfield. It was filmed in South-West Africa and Spain and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Elysium is a 2013 American dystopian science fiction action thriller film written directed and co-produced by Neill Blomkamp and starring Matt Damon and Jodie Foster. It was released on August 9 2013 in both conventional and IMAX Digital theaters. Elysium is a co-production of Media Rights Capital and TriStar Pictures.The film takes place on both a ravaged Earth and a luxurious space habitat called Elysium.
 Tsuribaka Nisshi Eleven (釣りバカ日誌イレブン) is a 2000 Japanese film directed by Katsuhide Motoki.
 Miller's Crossing is a 1990 American gangster film by the Coen brothers and starring Gabriel Byrne Marcia Gay Harden John Turturro Jon Polito J. E. Freeman and Albert Finney. The plot concerns a power struggle between two rival gangs and how the protagonist Tom Reagan (Gabriel Byrne) plays both sides off each other.In 2005 Time chose Miller's Crossing as one of the 100 greatest films made since the inception of the periodical.
 Apollo 18 is a 2011 American science fiction horror film written by Brian Miller directed by Gonzalo López-Gallego and produced by Timur Bekmambetov and Ron Schmidt. After various release date changes the film was released in the United States United Kingdom and Canada on 2 September 2011; however the release dates for other territories vary.
 Shoot Out is a 1971 western film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars Gregory Peck and Patricia Quinn. The film is adapted from Will James's 1930 novel The Lone Cowboy. The film was produced directed and written by the team that delivered the Oscar-winning film True Grit.This was the second-to-last of the 65 films directed by Hathaway.
 Rage is a 1972 film starring George C. Scott Richard Basehart Martin Sheen and Barnard Hughes. Scott also directed this drama about a sheep rancher who is fatally exposed to a military lab's poison gas.Nicolas Beauvy is featured as the rancher's doomed son in a cast that also includes Paul Stevens and Stephen Young.
 Varalaaru ('History') is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film stars Ajith Kumar in three roles as a father and his two sons while Asin and Kanika also played leading roles. Ramesh Khanna Suman Shetty Sujatha and M. S. Baskar play other supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman while the film's cinematography is by P. C. Sreeram.
 All the King's Men is a feature-length World War I drama by the BBC starring David Jason first broadcast on Remembrance Sunday 14 November 1999. The film derives its title from a line in the Humpty Dumpty nursery rhyme and is based on a book by the film's co-producer Nigel McCrery.
 Hide and Seek (Hangul: 숨바꼭질; RR: Sumbakkokjil) is a 2013 South Korean mystery film written and directed by Huh Jung in his feature directorial debut. It revolves around two families who believe strangers to be living in hiding in their homes and struggle to fight back.
 Rajkumar is an Indian film starring Naseeruddin Shah Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit which was released in 1996. Box-Office-India declared it a Disaster at the box office.
 Wizards is a 1977 American animated post-apocalyptic science fantasy film about the battle between two wizards one representing the forces of magic and one representing the forces of industrial technology. It was written produced and directed by Ralph Bakshi.Wizards is notable for being the first fantasy film made by Bakshi who was previously known only for urban films such as Fritz the Cat Heavy Traffic and Coonskin.
 The Crucified Lovers (近松物語 Chikamatsu Monogatari literally A Story From Chikamatsu) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It was adapted from Chikamatsu Monzaemon's 1715 jōruri play Daikyōji Mukashi Goyomi (大経師昔暦).
 Winter Kills is a 1979 film directed by William Richert based on the novel by Richard Condon. Its cast includes Jeff Bridges John Huston Anthony Perkins Eli Wallach Richard Boone Toshirō Mifune Sterling Hayden Dorothy Malone Ralph Meeker Elizabeth Taylor Berry Berenson and Susan Walden.Most of the film was lensed by cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond and the production designer was Robert Boyle who cited the film as one of his favorites.
 A Study in Reds (1932) is a polished amateur film by Miriam Bennett which spoofs women’s clubs and the Soviet menace in the 1930s.
 The Big Caper is a 1957 film noir movie based on the 1955 pulp novel of the same name by Lionel White. It was directed by Robert Stevens and stars Rory Calhoun Mary Costa and James Gregory
 Three to Go is an portmanteau Australian film consisting of three stories each presenting a young Australian at a moment of decision about their future. One of the stories was directed by Peter Weir.
 The Summer of Massacre is 2011 anthology horror film written and directed by Joe Castro. It is listed in Guinness World Records as the slasher film with the largest bodycount at 155.
 Beef II (released on DVD in August 2004) is a sequel to the 2003 documentary Beef which continued to document the history of rivalries in hip-hop and rap music. Like its prequel the film was executive produced by Quincy Jones III (QD3) written by Peter Alton and Peter Spirer (who also directed) and was this time narrated by actor Keith David.Beef II shows a chronological look of battles (some friendly but many personal) dating back to rap music's infancy in the early 1980s.
 The Son of Robin Hood is a 1958 adventure DeLuxe color CinemaScope film directed by George Sherman starring David Hedison and June Laverick. The son of the legendary Robin Hood helps save his countrymen from the tyrannical rule of an evil aristocrat. Unfortunately the son is a sham and after several unsuccessful attempts to stop the nasty nobleman the merry men decide to send for Robin's real son. Imagine their surprise when they discover that Robin Jr.
 The Million Eyes of Sumuru is a 1967 British spy film produced by Harry Alan Towers directed by Lindsay Shonteff and filmed at the Shaw Brothers studios in Hong Kong. It stars Frankie Avalon and George Nader with Shirley Eaton as the titular Sumuru. It was based on a series of novels by Sax Rohmer about a megalomaniac femme fatale. The film was released in the USA by American International Pictures. Shirley Eaton reprised her role as Sumuru in Jess Franco's The Girl from Rio (1970).
 Young Woodley is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Marjorie Hume Sam Livesey and Robin Irvine. The film was never released and was subsequently remade by Bentley as a sound film Young Woodley in 1930. It was made at Cricklewood Studios. It was based on the play Young Woodley by John Van Druten.This silent version was released to the home movie market running 8 x 200 ft reels standard 8mm on Amber Stock.
 Caballo prieto azabache (La tumba de Villa) is a 1968 Mexican historical drama film starring Antonio Aguilar Flor Silvestre and Jaime Fernández. The film was successful at the box-office and stayed in theaters for a surprising nine weeks.
 Single Wives was a 1924 American silent drama film produced by and starring Corinne Griffith and distributed by First National. Based on an original story for the screen Single Wives is is preserved at the George Eastman House facility in New York.
 Young and Beautiful (1934) is a romantic comedy film about a press agent who goes to great lengths to make his actress girlfriend a star only to risk losing her in the process. It stars William Haines and Judith Allen.
 Sigappukkal Mookkuthi is a 1979 Tamil language film starring Sridevi in the lead role. Kamal Haasan and Vijayakumar play other prominent roles.
 El Paso Wrecking Corp. (1978) is an American gay pornographic film written and directed by Tim Kincaid better known as Joe Gage. It is the second in what has come to be known as his Working Man Trilogy which begins with 1976's Kansas City Trucking Co. and concludes with 1979's L.A. Tool & Die. The lead roles are by Richard Locke and Fred Halsted.
 AM 11:00 (Hangul: 열한시; RR: Yeolhansi) is a 2013 South Korean sci-fi thriller film directed by Kim Hyun-seok and starring Jung Jae-young Kim Ok-bin and Choi Daniel. It was released in theaters on November 28 2013.
 The Reckless Moment is a 1949 film noir melodrama directed by Max Ophüls produced by Walter Wanger and released by Columbia Pictures with Burnett Guffey as cinematographer. Starring Joan Bennett and James Mason the film is based on The Blank Wall (1947) a novel written by Elisabeth Sanxay Holding. The film The Deep End (2001) is based on the same story.
 Mais ou et donc Ornicar is a 1979 French drama film directed by Bertrand Van Effenterre. The film stars Geraldine Chaplin and Brigitte Fossey. It was released in France on 28 February 1979.
 A Thousand Times Good Night is an Irish-Norwegian produced English language 2013 drama film directed by Erik Poppe and starring Juliette Binoche Nikolaj Coster-Waldau Maria Doyle Kennedy Larry Mullen Jr. and Mads Ousdal
 Darling is a 2012 Bengali romance film directed by Raaj Mukherjee starring Mayukh Pamela and Riya. The film which is produced by Nalin Singh and Co-produced by Ajesh Gugnani features music scored by Subhayu Bedajna while the cinematography is handled by Sandip Sen. This film is the Bengali Remake of Telugu film 'Darling' starring Parabas Kajal Agarwal.
 Muckland is an upcoming drama feature film directed by Charlie Polinger and written by Matthew George. The film follows 21-year-old James Crawley (Will Brill) as he returns to his hometown of Elba New York after going off to college in Boston.
 The Last Frontier is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Thirumbi Paar (English: Look Back!) is a 1953 Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan P. V. Narasimha Bharathi Pandari Bai Krishna Kumari and Girija in the lead roles. Produced and directed by T. R. Sundaram of Modern Theatres the film was written by M. Karunanidhi who would later become the chief minister of Tamil Nadu. Thirumbi Paar was one of the earliest Tamil films whose dialogues were known to be a political satire on the Indian National Congress the ruling party then.
 Star Cinema will be doing a remake of the 1996 film topbilled by then teen stars Jason Salcedo Junell Hernando and Marc Solis. Magic Temple is a big success at the 1996 Metro Manila Film festival winning all of the 7 nominations including Best Film directed by Peque Gallaga and Lore Reyes.
 Fong Sai-yuk (Chinese: 方世玉; pinyin: Fang Shi Yu aka The Legend of Fong Sai-yuk) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen and starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Fong Sai-yuk. The film won the Hong Kong Film Award and Golden Horse Award for best action choreography. The film received positive reviews praising Josephine Siao's acting and the action choreography.
 The Adventures of Kathlyn (1913) is an American motion picture serial released on December 29 1913 by the Selig Polyscope Company. An adventure serial filmed in Chicago Illinois its thirteen episodes were directed by Francis J. Grandon from a story by Harold MacGrath and Gilson Willets and starred Kathlyn Williams as the heroine.
 Mama is a 2013 Spanish-Canadian horror film co-written and directed by Andrés Muschietti and based on his 2008 Argentine short film Mamá.
 The Wanters is a 1923 American silent film society drama produced by Louis B. Mayer directed by John M. Stahl and distributed by Associated First National Pictures which became First National Pictures in 1924. The film stars Marie Prevost Robert Ellis and Norma Shearer.
 Show Business is a 1944 movie musical film starring Eddie Cantor George Murphy Joan Davis Nancy Kelly and Constance Moore. The film was directed by Edwin L. Marin and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Botched is a 2007 horror comedy film starring Stephen Dorff.
 Crazylegs is a 1953 film about Elroy Hirsch's football career. In college (University of Wisconsin and University of Michigan) his unconventional dynamic running style allowed him to change directions in a multitude of ways. The media dubbed him Crazylegs. The name stuck all through his professional career and life. The bulk of this film is centered on his college days. One of the highlights of the film is when his Michigan team was informed it would play in the Rose Bowl on Jan 1 1948.
 Klokslag Twaalf is a 1936 Dutch crime film drama directed by Léo Joannon.
 'A Canção da Saudade' is a 1964 Portuguese black-and-white film. The filming took place in a studio at Tóbis Portuguesa Lisbon and Produções Cinematográficas Perdigão Queiroga. The film reel is 2630 m in length. A Spanish language film of the same story which shared the same producers and cast and crew members was made called Los gatos negros and directed by José Luis Monter.
 The Ground Truth (also known as The Ground Truth: After the Killing Ends) is a 2006 documentary film about veterans of the Iraq War. It was directed and produced by Patricia Foulkrod.
 Sister Sister is a 1987 American Southern Gothic thriller film directed and co-written by Bill Condon. The film stars Eric Stoltz Jennifer Jason Leigh and Judith Ivey.
 Silmido is a 2003 South Korean film directed by Kang Woo-suk. It is based on the true story of Unit 684 though parts of the film are extrapolations as the actual details of events are unknown. The film was both critically well received and a financial success and was the first film in South Korea to attract a box office audience of over 10 million viewers.
 Kavalai Illaadha Manithan (Tamil: கவலை இல்லாத மனிதன்; English: (lit.)the man without worries) is a 1960 Tamil film directed by K. Shankar. It stars Chandrababu T. R. Mahalingam M. R. Radha T. S. Balaiah and Rajasulochana in prominent roles. Veteran poet Kannadasan is the lyricist of the movie. He appeared in an uncredited role in this film.
 Saw III is a 2006 Canadian-American horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman from a screenplay by Leigh Whannell and story by James Wan and Whannell. Wan and Whannell directed and wrote Saw and Bousman wrote and directed Saw II. It is the third installment in the seven-part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell Shawnee Smith Angus Macfadyen Bahar Soomekh Dina Meyer and Donnie Wahlberg. Bell Smith Meyer Wahlberg and Lyriq Bent reprise their roles from the previous films.
 On My Way to the Crusades I Met a Girl Who... is a 1969 comedy directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile and starring Tony Curtis. It is also known as The Chastity Belt.
 Legacy is a British thriller television film that broadcast on BBC Two on 28 November 2013. It is an adaptation of Alan Judd's spy novel of the same name.
 The Pornographer (French: Le Pornographe) is a 2001 French-Canadian drama film written and directed by Bertrand Bonello who co-wrote the music score with Laurie Markovitch. The film features explicit sexual scenes by pornographic actress Ovidie. It won the FIPRESCI Prize (International Critics Week) at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Stockholm Film Festival for Bronze Horse.
 Look Up and Laugh is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Basil Dean and starring Gracie Fields Alfred Drayton and Douglas Wakefield. The film is notable for featuring an appearance by Vivien Leigh in an early supporting role. It was made at Ealing Studios.
 Lost in Yonkers is a 1993 film film adaptation of the Neil Simon play of the same name directed by Martha Coolidge. It stars Irene Worth Mercedes Ruehl and Richard Dreyfuss.
 Over Da Rainbow is a 2008 American musical-comedy film (20 minutes) directed/produced/edited by Jay Lap (Jared Daniel Lapidus) written by Shawn Kittelsen and starring Al Thompson Joseph P. McDonnell and Tyler Hollinger. Jay Lap assisted Shawn Kittelsen in developing the story which was partially inspired by the former's bizarre encounter with a mid-50's musically-disinclined drug-addled divorcee. The film premiered on April 12 2008 at the First Run Film Festival.
 Pattampoochi is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.The is perhaps the first film in which Kamalhassan played a major role and the movie was a box office success.
 The Next Internet Millionaire is an online reality show hosted by Joel Comm and written and directed by Eric Holmlund. Billed as the world’s first Internet reality show and based on the popular NBC show The Apprentice the program was broadcast entirely on the Internet in 2007.
 The Convent is a 2000 film directed by Mike Mendez.
 Tora-san Meets His Lordship (男はつらいよ 寅次郎と殿様 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō to Tonosama) aka Tora-san and a Lord is a 1977 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kyōko Maya as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san Meets His Lordship is the nineteenth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Brutal Massacre is a 2007 American mockumentary comedy written and directed by Stevan Mena and produced by Stevan Mena Chris Aurilia Jerry Aurilia Tom Bambard Timothy J. Bristoll and Vincent Butta in association with the Aurilia Arts Productions and Crimson Films. The film stars David Naughton Brian O'Halloran Gerry Bednob Ellen Sandweiss Vincent Butta and Ken Foree.Harry Penderecki (David Naughton) a once heralded horror auteur finds himself on the outside looking in at Hollywood.
 Escaflowne (エスカフローネ Esukafurōne) also released under the title Escaflowne: A Girl in Gaea is an anime fantasy film produced by Sunrise and animated by studio Bones. Directed by Kazuki Akane the film is a re-telling of the 26-episode anime television series The Vision of Escaflowne.
 Arrangiatevi! (internationally released as You're on Your Own) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Bolognini.In 2008 the film was selected to enter the list of the 100 Italian films to be saved.
 16 Days in Afghanistan is a 2007 documentary about the journey of Afghan-American Anwar Hajher (director) traveling to his homeland Afghanistan after 25 years to rediscover his country. The film is produced by Mithaq Kazimi and is the first documentary since the fall of Taliban to be shot in those provinces which remain under the heavy influence of the Taliban.
 Cry Uncle! (also American Oddballs and Superdick) is a 1971 film in the Troma library. It is directed by John G. Avildsen and stars Allen Garfield. The story based on the Michael Brett novel Lie a Little Die a Little follows the misadventures of a slobbish private detective who is hired by a millionaire to investigate a murder.
 Eddie Murphy Raw (1987) is an American stand-up comedy film directed by Robert Townsend and starring Eddie Murphy. It was Murphy's second feature stand-up video following Eddie Murphy Delirious. The 93-minute show was filmed in New York City's Felt Forum a venue in the Madison Square Garden complex.
 Alabama Moon is a 2010 American coming-of-age film starring Jimmy Bennett and John Goodman based on the book Alabama Moon by Watt Key. The story takes place in the forests of Alabama.
 Highway of Heartache is a 1996 feature film that was billed as the first Canadian country-western drag queen musical. Written and directed by Gregory Wild the film follows the misadventures of Wynona-Sue Turnpike (Barbara Chamberlin who also write the film’s score) on a raucous and unlikely road to Nashville superstardom.
 Mindbenders is a 2004 sci-fi-thriller feature film written and directed by Anthony Wayne Pettus who also produced the film.
 Kill the Poor is director Alan Taylor's screen adaptation of a novel by Joel Rose. The film is set in Manhattan's Alphabet City in the early 1980s when the neighborhood was a center of illegal drug activity. The film's title comes from the Dead Kennedys song Kill the Poor.
 Buon viaggio pover'uomo is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina.
 Polizón a bordo (Stowaway on Board) is a 1941 Spanish film directed by Florián Rey co-starring Guadalupe Muñoz Sampedro and Xan das bolas.
 Hudson Hawk is a 1991 American action comedy film directed by Michael Lehmann. Bruce Willis stars in the title role and also co-wrote the story. Danny Aiello Andie MacDowell James Coburn David Caruso Lorraine Toussaint Frank Stallone Sandra Bernhard and Richard E. Grant are also featured.The live action film makes heavy use of cartoon-style slapstick including sound effects which enhances the movie's signature surreal humour.
 Eternity (Thai: ชั่วฟ้าดินสลาย) is a 2010 Thai romance film by Pantewanop Tewakol. It is based on Malai Choopiniji's novel which was earlier adapted to film in 1957 by Rattana Pestonji. The film stars Ananda Everingham and Laila Boonyasak in lead roles as doomed lovers. The film won five awards including Best Actor and Best Picture and gained seven nominations in the Thailand Film Awards.The plot involves an affair between a woman Yupadee and her husband's nephew Sangmong.
 From Generation to Generation is a 1959 American short documentary film produced by Edward F. Cullen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 La Cucaracha is a 1998 American film directed by Jack Perez and starring Eric Roberts and Joaquim de Almeida. The film follows the story of Walter Pool (Eric Roberts) a down on his luck wannabe novelist who receives an offer of $100000 to kill an alleged child killer. Walter needs the money desperately for many reasons not the least of which is the fact that he is infatuated with a local woman and he feels as though he has nothing to offer to her.
 The Parching Winds of Somalia (1984) is a documentary film produced by Charles Geshekter.
 Nirvana – A Classic Album Under Review – In Utero (also known as Nirvana's In Utero) is a 2006 music documentary released exclusively to DVD dealing with grunge band Nirvana's third studio album In Utero. The film purports to offer a rare insight into the influential music group and consists of live and studio performances by Nirvana interspersed with interviews with the band and with music industry notables and experts.
 Sublime is a 2007 psychological horror film directed by Tony Krantz and written by Erik Jendresen. It is the second straight-to-DVD Raw Feed horror film from Warner Home Video released on March 13 2007. The film stars Tom Cavanagh Kathleen York Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs and Katherine Cunningham-Eves. R-rated and unrated versions have been released on DVD in the United States.
 Beau Hunks is a 1931 movie starring Laurel and Hardy and directed by James W. Horne. Beau Hunks is a reference to Beau Geste. At 37 minutes it is the longest L&H short.
 Chinese Coffee (2000) is a play by Ira Lewis which was made into an independent film and released in New York as part of the Tribeca Film Festival starring Al Pacino and Jerry Orbach. Pacino directed and was introduced by Robert De Niro during the open ceremony. Shot almost exclusively as a one-on-one conversation between the two main characters it chronicles friendship love loss and humor of daily life.
 Humko Deewana Kar Gaye (translation: You Made Me Crazy) is a 2006 Bollywood romantic drama film directed produced by Raj Kanwar Bhushan Kumar & Kishan Kumar and stars Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif. Bipasha Basu Anil Kapoor and Manoj Joshi also star in the movie in supporting roles.The film is inspired by British romantic movie Notting Hill.
 Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo is a 1937 American movie directed by Eugene Forde. The main character is Charlie Chan a Chinese-Hawaiian detective. This was the sixteenth and final Charlie Chan film with Warner Oland portraying Chan. The film features Keye Luke as Charlie's son Lee and character actor Harold Huber as a French police inspector.
 The Atomic Cafe is a 1982 American documentary film produced and directed by Jayne Loader Kevin Rafferty and Pierce Rafferty.
 Zontar the Thing from Venus also known as Zontar: The Invader from Venus is a 1966 made for television science fiction film directed by Larry Buchanan and based on the teleplay by Hillman Taylor and Buchanan. It is a low budget color 16mm remake of Roger Corman's It Conquered the World (1956) which also featured an alien invader from Venus.The movie is arguably Buchanan's best known.
 Heisei Riders vs. Shōwa Riders: Kamen Rider Taisen feat. Super Sentai (平成ライダー対昭和ライダー 仮面ライダー大戦 feat.スーパー戦隊 Heisei Raidā Tai Shōwa Raidā Kamen Raidā Taisen Fiucharingu Sūpā Sentai) is a Japanese film featuring a crossover within the Kamen Rider Series as well as the Super Sentai series.
 Her Private Life is a lost 1929 American drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Billie Dove Walter Pidgeon and Holmes Herbert. Its plot concerns an English aristocrat who causes a scandal when she divorces her husband and runs off with a young American.The film was Korda's second sound film following The Squall. The film is a remake of the 1925 silent film Déclassée which was itself an adaptation of a 1919 play of the same name by Zoë Akins.
 Kalavani (Tamil: களவாணி)(English: Thief) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer A. Sargunam. It stars Vimal of Pasanga fame in the lead role along with debutante Oviya Saranya Ponvannan Ganja Karuppu and Ilavarasu who enact pivotal roles. The film made on a shoe-string budget released on 25 June 2010 to very positive reviews and became a sleeper hit of 2010.
 Satan (Russian: Сатана) is a 1991 Soviet thriller film directed by Viktor Aristov. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize.
 Cavalleria rusticana (1953) is a 3-D Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film is based on the opera Cavalleria rusticana and stars May Britt Anthony Quinn and Ettore Manni. Quinn plays Alfio miming to the voice of Tito Gobbi.
 Paadatha Thenikkal is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by V.M.C.Haneefa starring Sivakumar and Radhikain lead role.
 Henry & June is a 1990 American biographical drama film directed by Philip Kaufman and stars Fred Ward Maria de Medeiros and Uma Thurman. It is loosely based on the book of the same name by the French author Anaïs Nin and tells the story of Nin's relationship with Henry Miller and his wife June.The film was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 63rd Academy Awards. It is the first and to date only Oscar-nominated film to be released with an NC-17 rating.
 In the Park is Charlie Chaplin's fourth film released in 1915 by Essanay Films. It was his third film while at the Niles Essanay Studio. It was one of several films Charlie Chaplin created in a park setting. The film co-starred Edna Purviance Leo White Lloyd Bacon and Bud Jamison.
 SARS Wars (Thai: ขุนกระบี่ผีระบาด or Khun krabii hiiroh also subtitled Bangkok Zombie Crisis) is a 2004 Thai horror-comedy film directed and co-written by Taweewat Wantha.The story involves people who are infected with a fictional Type 4 strain of the SARS virus and turned into zombies. The outbreak is contained to one apartment building in Bangkok and the Health Ministry is determined to keep it contained at all costs.
 Bloodworth is a 2010 drama film directed by Shane Dax Taylor and based on Provinces of Night a novel by William Gay. The film stars Val Kilmer Kris Kristofferson and Hilary Duff.
 The Gladiator is a made-for-TV vigilante-action film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Ken Wahl Nancy Allen & Brian Robbins. Robert Culp Stan Shaw & Rick Dees have supporting roles.Although originally intended for theatrical release the film was purchased by Showtime Networks and aired on ABC Television as an original film.
 The Spectre Maker is a 1934 short film directed by John Farrow.
 Slipstream is a 2005 science fiction film written by Louis Morneau and Phillip Badger and directed by David van Eyssen. The film stars Sean Astin Vinnie Jones and Ivana Miličević.
 Amateur is a 1994 film written and directed by Hal Hartley starring Isabelle Huppert Martin Donovan and Elina Löwensohn.
 Boris and Natasha: The Movie is a 1992 comedy film that was loosely based on the animated television series The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show. It was shot in New York City. The actors did not attempt to copy the accents of their animated counterparts and although Rocky and Bullwinkle do not appear in this film they are referred to by the names Agent Moose and Agent Squirrel.
 The Hills Have Eyes is the title of a American slasher horror film series that began in 2006. The first film of the series is a remake of the 1977 film The Hills Have Eyes by Wes Craven. The film was followed by The Hills Have Eyes 2 in 2007.The films center around an inbred clan living in the desert killing anyone who they encounter. The films draw inspiration from the legend of Sawney Bean a serial killer who is said to have murdered and eaten over a thousand people with his family.
 Big Shots is a 1987 American comedy adventure film directed by Robert Mandel starring Ricky Busker and Darius McCrary.
 The Passengers (French: Les Passagers Italian: Viaggio di paura) is a French 1977 drama film directed by Serge Leroy and starring Jean-Louis Trintignant. It was released in the United States as The Intruder. It is based on Dean Koontz's novel Shattered.
 My Wife is a Gangster 2: The Return Fable (Hangul: 조폭 마누라 2 - 돌아온 전설; RR: Jopok manura 2: Dolaon jeonseol) is a 2003 South Korean film. It is the sequel to My Wife is a Gangster. It features Zhang Ziyi in a small cameo. She appears in a short fight scene at the end of the film.
 Lover Come Back is a 1946 romantic comedy released by Universal Pictures. The film stars George Brent and Lucille Ball. Supporting actors include Vera Zorina and Charles Winninger. To avoid confusion with Lover Come Back (1961) this film was retitled When Lovers Meet for television.
 Hilda Crane (also known as The Many Loves of Hilda Crane) is a 1956 American drama film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Philip Dunne and produced by Herbert B. Swope Jr. from a screenplay adapted by Dunne from the play by Samson Raphaelson. The music score was by David Raksin and the cinematography by Joseph MacDonald. The film was made in Technicolor and Cinemascope.The film stars Jean Simmons Guy Madison and Jean-Pierre Aumont with Evelyn Varden and Peggy Knudsen.
 David Harum is a 1915 American silent comedy-drama romance film written and directed by Allan Dwan produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on 1899 the novel of the same name by Edward Noyes Westcott and the 1900 Broadway play of the novel starring William H. Crane (Crane also starred in two subsequent Broadway revivals). Crane agreed to star in the film (which was his debut) only if the film was written exactly as the play.
 Wild Horse Mesa is a 1932 American Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Randolph Scott Sally Blane and Fred Kohler. Based on the novel Wild Horse Mesa by Zane Grey the film is about an Arizona rancher who goes after a gang that is trapping and catching wild horses using barbed-wire enclosures. Wild Horse Mesa is a remake of the 1925 Paramount silent film of the same name.
 Apache Territory is a 1958 Western film released by Columbia Pictures directed by Ray Nazarro and produced by and starring Rory Calhoun. The story is based on the novel Last Stand at Papago Wells by Louis L'Amour.It was Calhoun's last film before moving to television as The Texan on CBS. It was also the final film in the career of co-star Barbara Bates.The film was shot on location at Red Rock Canyon California.
 The Rush Hour film series is a series of Hong Kong-American martial arts/action-comedy films starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker directed by Brett Ratner and distributed by New Line Cinema. The main plot centers around a pair of police detectives: a Hong Kong Police Force inspector and an American LAPD detective (portrayed by Chan and Tucker) who go on a series of misadventures often involving corrupt crime figures.
 Mindwarp (released as Brain Slasher outside the USA) is a 1992 post-apocalyptic science fiction movie starring Bruce Campbell as Stover Angus Scrimm as the Seer Marta Martin (credited as Marta Alicia) as Judy Elizabeth Kent as Cornelia and Wendy Sandow as Claude.The film is notable as one of three produced by Fangoria Magazine's short-lived Fangoria Films label.
 Yavarum Nalam (English: All are fine) is a 2009 Tamil psychological horror film directed by Vikram Kumar starring R. Madhavan and Neetu Chandra in the lead roles. Produced by Suresh Balaje and George Pius the film was simultaneously filmed and released in Tamil and also Hindi as 13B with a slightly different cast. The film's soundtrack was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy and background score by Tubby Parik.
 Alibi Ike is a 1935 American romantic comedy film directed by Ray Enright and starring Joe E. Brown and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the short story Alibi Ike by Ring Lardner the film is about an ace baseball player nicknamed Alibi Ike due to his penchant for making up excuses. After falling in love with the beautiful sister-in-law of the team manager he is kidnapped by gangsters who want him to throw the World Series. Alibi Ike was the most successful of Joe E.
 The Square is a 1994 Chinese documentary film directed by Zhang Yuan. It is Zhang's first true documentary film after two documentary-influenced fiction films: Mama and Beijing Bastards.Filmed in black and white The Square documents a day in the life of Tiananmen Square a few years after the events of 1989.
 Tomorrow It Will Be Better or Morgen gaat het beter is a 1939 Dutch film directed by Frederic Zelnik.
 Heavenly Forest (ただ、君を愛してる Tada Kimi o Aishiteru lit: I Love You Only) is a 2006 Japanese romance and drama film based on the novel Renai Shashin: Mō Hitotsu no Monogatari (恋愛寫眞　もうひとつの物語? Collage of Our Life - Another Story) written by Takuji Ichikawa. It was also released as a manga. The film was directed by Takehiko Shinjo and focuses on the relationship that evolves between a photographer named Makoto and two of his female university classmates Shizuru and Miyuki.
 Singh is Kinng (Hindi: सिंह इज़ किंग Punjabi: ਸਿੰਘ ਇਜ਼ ਕਿੰਗ) is a 2008 Bollywood action comedy film. The film is directed by Anees Bazmee and stars Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif in lead roles. The film also featured a music video with Snoop Dogg. About 75% of the movie was shot in Australia around the Gold Coast Queensland and Brisbane using an Australian production team (Instinct India). The film was released on 8 August 2008.
 The Wolf Man is a 1924 American silent drama film that starred John Gilbert and Norma Shearer before they signed with the newly formed MGM. Directed by Edmund Mortimer the film's story was written by Reed Heustis and written by Fanny and Frederic Hatton. The Wolf Man is now considered lost.
 Avalon (アヴァロン Avalon) is a 2001 Japanese-Polish science fiction drama film directed by Mamoru Oshii and written by Kazunori Itō. The film stars Małgorzata Foremniak as a player in an illegal virtual reality video game. She must follow a quest to find a level in the game. Filming took place in Poland in the cities of Wrocław and Warsaw.
 Kook's Tour is the title of an American short comedy film produced in late 1969 and early 1970. It was the final film to star the Three Stooges and was originally intended as the pilot for a television series. However on January 9 1970 before filming was completed Larry Fine suffered a severe stroke paralyzing the left side of his body.
 A Woman's Eyes is a 1916 silent film featuring Harry Carey.
 Aria is a 1987 British anthology film produced by Don Boyd from Virgin Group's visual section consisting of ten short films by a variety of directors. It was entered into the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.Each segment features its director's visual accompaniment to arias and scenes from operas.
 Seven Ways from Sundown is a 1960 Western film about an inexperienced Texas Ranger played by Audie Murphy who is sent to bring in a dangerous if charming outlaw played by Barry Sullivan. It is based on the novel of the same name by Clair Huffaker who also wrote the script. Young cast member Teddy Rooney is the son of actors Mickey Rooney and Martha Vickers.
 The Sicilian Clan (original French title: Le clan des siciliens) is a 1969 French crime film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Jean Gabin Lino Ventura and Alain Delon. The film was largely marketed by the casting together of three of the leading French movie actors of the day.The film score was written by Italian composer Ennio Morricone.
 Electrick Children is a 2012 film written and directed by Rebecca Thomas and starring Julia Garner and Rory Culkin.
 Raw Nerve is a 1998 Australian film about three teenagers who rob a house.
 The Gifts is a 1970 American short documentary film about water pollution in the United States produced by Robert McBride for the Environmental Protection Administration. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Diane of the Follies is a 1916 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne. The film is considered to be lost.
 Pour la suite du monde is a 1963 Canadian documentary film directed by Michel Brault Marcel Carrière and Pierre Perrault. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.A work of ethnofiction the film follows residents of Île aux Coudres an island in the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec as they agree to re-enact their traditional Beluga whale hunt for the filmmakers one last time.
 The Go-Between is a 1971 British romantic drama film directed by Joseph Losey. Its screenplay by Harold Pinter is an adaptation of the 1953 novel of the same name by L. P. Hartley. The film stars Julie Christie Alan Bates Margaret Leighton Michael Redgrave and Dominic Guard.
 Men (1924) is an American silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by the Russian Dimitri Buchowetzki and stars Pola Negri her fifth feature for Paramount since coming to the United States in 1923. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Charlie's Angels: Season Five is the fifth and final season of Charlie's Angels. The season starred Jaclyn Smith Cheryl Ladd and David Doyle and introduced Tanya Roberts as streetwise former model Julie Rogers. Season Five was broadcast from November 30 1980 until June 24 1981.Since the show's third season ratings were falling.
 Habit is a 1921 silent film directed by Edwin Carewe and starring Mildred Harris.
 Ghost-Town Gold is a 1936 American film directed by Joseph Kane and was the second entry of the 51-film series of Western Three Mesquiteers B-movies.
 X Games 3D: The Movie is an action sports/documentary 3-D film released on August 21 2009 for one week only. Produced by ESPN Films and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures the film captures the drama and spectacle that play out every annually at the X Games highlighting the behind-the-scenes stories of the featured athletes and the sacrifices they make in pursuit of glory and the advancement of their sports on the industry’s biggest stage.
 Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder is the last of a series of four straight-to-DVD Futurama movies. The movie was written by Ken Keeler based on a story by Keeler and David X. Cohen and directed by Peter Avanzino. Guest stars include Phil Hendrie Penn Jillette (credited with Teller) Snoop Dogg and Seth MacFarlane who sings the theme song.
 Wolke Neun (Cloud Nine) is a 2008 German drama film directed by Andreas Dresen. The story focuses on love and sex in old age and had its world premiere at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Heart Throb Jury Prize from the Un Certain Regard jury. The title is an Anglicism of the phrase cloud nine.
 Frozen is a 2007 black-and-white Indian drama film directed by Shivajee Chandrabhushan. The original screenplay written by Shanker Raman based on a story by Chandrabhushan and starring Danny Denzongpa Gauri and Skalzang Angchuk.
 Trás-os-Montes is a Portuguese independent docufictional and ethnofictional feature film written directed and edited by António Reis and Margarida Cordeiro and released in 1976. It takes its name from the Portuguese region of Trás-os-Montes from which the film emanated.
 The Girl Can't Help It is a 1956 musical comedy starring Jayne Mansfield in the titular role Tom Ewell Edmond O'Brien Henry Jones and Julie London. The picture was produced and directed by Frank Tashlin with a screenplay adapted by Tashlin and Herbert Baker from an uncredited 1955 novel Do Re Mi by Garson Kanin. The movie was originally intended as a vehicle for the American sex symbol Jayne Mansfield with a satirical subplot involving teenagers and rock 'n' roll music.
 La Rage de l'ange is a 2006 Canadian drama film directed by Dan Bigras. The film earned two Genie Award nominations in the categories of Best Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design and Best Achievement in Music - Original Song for the song L'Astronaute.
 I Was Here (Estonian: Mina olin siin) is an Estonian feature film based on a novel Estonian: Mina olin siin. Esimene arest. The story is about a 17-year-old boy who becomes a drug dealer the decision that draws him into turbulent events he can't control. The movie was directed by René Vilbre and written by Ilmar Raag.
 Hardware is a 1990 British-American post-apocalyptic science fiction horror film directed by Richard Stanley and starring Dylan McDermott. Inspired by a short story in 2000 AD the film depicts the rampage of a self-repairing robot in a post-apocalyptic slum.
 Gümüş (Silver) a Turkish melodrama originally broadcast in Turkey by Kanal D from 2005 to 2007. The sudser became a pop-culture phenomenon when it aired across the Arab world as Noor (Arabic for light) in 2006.
 Holiday in Seoul (Hangul: 홀리데이 인 서울; RR: Hollidei in Seoul) is a 1997 South Korean film starring Choi Jin-sil. The film is two stories of four different people intertwine in Seoul's urban jungle.
 You Can't Buy Luck is a 1937 murder mystery film. It made a profit of $24000.
 Strike Me Pink is a 1936 American musical comedy film starring Eddie Cantor and Ethel Merman directed by Norman Taurog and produced by Samuel Goldwyn.Cantor plays a nebbishy employee of an amusement park forced to assert himself against a gang of slot-machine racketeers.
 Mistrial is a 1996 American drama film written and directed by Heywood Gould and starring Bill Pullman Jon Seda and Robert Loggia. The film aired on HBO.
 Chingari also titled Chingaari is a 2012 Indian Kannada action film starring Darshan and Deepika Kamaiah in the lead roles. The film is directed by A. Harsha and V. Harikrishna is the music director of the film.It is also dubbed into Hindi as Chingaara. B. Mahadevu produced the film with a budget of 80 million (US$1.3 million). It is Inspired by Hollywod flick Taken.
 How to Use Guys with Secret Tips (Hangul: 남자사용설명서; RR: Namja Sayongseolmyungseo; lit. A Manual on How to Use Men) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Lee Si-young and Oh Jung-se and directed by Lee Won-suk.
 For the Milton Bradley board game see Mystery Date (game). For the Mad Men episode see Mystery Date (Mad Men)Mystery Date is a 1991 teen comedy film directed by Jonathan Wacks and starring Ethan Hawke Teri Polo and Brian McNamara.Shock-rockers Gwar have a brief cameo in the film as well.
 La città dolente (also known as City of Pain) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Mario Bonnard.It was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 Yeh Faasley is a Hindi thriller film directed by Yogesh Mittal and produced by Omprakash Mittal. Yogesh Mittal who has earlier worked as an assistant director and as a part of several production teams. The film is about Arunima (Tena Desae) who is the daughter of one of the biggest builders in her town. She just returned from abroad after completing her studies and is glad to be back with her father. The film was released on 4 March 2011.
 The Elizabeth Smart Story is 2003 television movie about the high profile Elizabeth Smart kidnapping case. It was broadcast less than eight months after her recovery. It was based on the book Bringing Elizabeth Home written by her parents Ed and Lois Smart.
 Never Forget Me (Hangul: 진짜 진짜 잊지마; RR: Jinjja Jinjja Ijjima; lit. Really Really Don't Forget) is a 1976 South Korean film directed by Mun Yeo-song. It was followed the same year by the sequel I Am Really Sorry.
 Zeta One is a 1970 British comedy science fiction film directed by Michael Cort and starring James Robertson Justice Charles Hawtrey and Robin Hawdon.It was made for a budget of £60000.
 Ayyamna al-Holwa About this sound listen (Arabic: أيامنا الحلوة‎ English: Our Best Days or Our Beautiful Days) is a 1955 Egyptian romance/musical film directed and co-written by the Egyptian film director and writer Helmy Halim. It starred Abdel Halim Hafez Ahmed Ramzy Omar Sharif and Faten Hamama. In 1996 during the Egyptian Cinema centennial this film was selected one of the best 150 Egyptian film productions.
 The Boys is a 1998 Australian drama film directed by Rowan Woods. The screenplay by Stephen Sewell is based on the play by Gordon Graham first performed by Griffin Theatre Company directed by Alex Galeazzi.
 Wallander – Tjuven is a 2009 film about the Swedish police detective Kurt Wallander directed by Stephan Apelgren.
 Brilliant Lies is an Australian film released in 1996 produced by Bayside Pictures and Beyond Films. It stars Gia Carides and Anthony LaPaglia. It was directed by Richard Franklin and produced by Sue Farrelly Kim McKillop and Richard Franklin. It was written by Peter Fitzpatrick and Richard Franklin based on a play by David Williamson.Nerida Tyson-Chew composed the music score the second time she had composed for a film directed by Richard Franklin.
 Café Oriental is a 1962 German musical comedy film directed by Rudolf Schündler and starring Elke Sommer Jerome Courtland Trude Herr and Bill Ramsey.
 Going Equipped is a short film created by Aardman Animations.
 Andru Peytha Mazhaiyil is a 1989 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Ashok Kumar for Filmerchants International. The film stars Sarath Babu Silk Smitha and Saranya in the lead roles.
 Dames is a 1934 Warner Bros. musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright with dance numbers created by Busby Berkeley. The film stars Ruby Keeler Dick Powell Joan Blondell Guy Kibbee ZaSu Pitts and Hugh Herbert. Production numbers and songs include When You Were a Smile on Your Mother's Lips (and a Twinkle in Your Daddy's Eye) The Girl at the Ironing Board I Only Have Eyes for You Dames and Try to See It My Way.
 The House of Yes is a 1997 American film starring Parker Posey Josh Hamilton Geneviève Bujold Freddie Prinze Jr. and Tori Spelling. The movie is based on the play of the same name which was written by Wendy MacLeod. It was produced by Robert Berger and was released by Miramax Films on October 10 1997 in the USA. It received a Sundance Award and favorable reviews. Tori Spelling became one of the nominees for a 1997 Razzie Award for Worst New Star.
 For other films with the same name see Sahara.Sahara is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Lekhraj Bhakri released in 1958. The film stars Meena Kumari in the lead role of Leela and relates her life story.
 Pyar Hi Pyar is a 1969 Hindi film produced by Rajaram and Satish Wagle the film is directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Dharmendra Vyjayanthimala Pran Helen Madan Puri and Mehmood. This was the only movie of Dharmendra and Vyjayanthimala together.
 Jean Charles is a 2009 British-Brazilian feature film depicting the life of Jean Charles de Menezes the Brazilian immigrant wrongly shot dead by the Metropolitan Police at Stockwell tube station in London on July 22 2005 after being mistaken for a terrorist.The film was directed by Henrique Goldman and received its international premiere at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Ill Manors (stylised as ill Manors) is a British crime drama film written co-scored and directed by Plan B. The film revolves around the lives of eight main characters played by Riz Ahmed Ed Skrein Keith Coggins Lee Allen Nick Sagar Ryan De La Cruz Anouska Mond and Natalie Press and features six original songs by Plan B which act as a narration for the film. Ill Manors is a multi-character story set over the course of seven days a scenario where everyone is fighting for respect.
 Il Boss aka The Boss Murder Inferno or Wipeout! is a poliziottesco film written and directed by the Italian crime film specialist Fernando Di Leo in 1973. It is the final part of Di Leo's Milieu Trilogy also consisting of Milano calibro 9 and La mala ordina both released in 1972.
 Aval Appadithan (Tamil: அவள் அப்படித்தான்) (English: That's How She Is) is a 1978 Tamil film produced and directed by C. Rudhraiya. It starred Sripriya Kamal Hassan and Rajinikanth with Ilayaraja as the music director. The film was noted for its very stylized film making and cutting-edge dialogues a large portion of it in English. IBN Live included the film in its list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time. Kutty Padmini and Saritha make special appearances.
 The Veterinarian's Adopted Children (Danish: Dyrlægens plejebørn) is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.
 Fractured (originally known as Schism) is a 2014 horror thriller film that was directed by Adam Gierasch based on a script by Gierasch and his writing partner Jace Anderson. The film had its world premiere on October 12 2013 at the Screamfest Horror Film Festival. It stars Callum Blue as an amnesiac trying to discover what exactly happened to him.
 (For the silent film of the same title see One Exciting Night)One Exciting Night is a 1944 British musical comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Vera Lynn Donald Stewart and Mary Clare.The film was also known as You Can't Do Without Love. A female singer becomes involved with a man who is the victim of a kidnap plot.
 Ulidavaru Kandante (Kannada: ಉಳಿದವರು ಕಂಡಂತೆ; English: As seen by the rest) is a 2014 Indian Kannada-language film directed by debutant Rakshit Shetty. Kishore Tara Achuth Kumar Yagna Shetty and Rakshit Shetty appear in lead roles in the film.
 Cornered! is a 2009 horror film written and directed by Daniel Maze and co-written by Darrin Grimwood.
 The Riddle of the Night is a 2005 fantasy film directed by Ly Kim Srun starring Sok Sophea Sim Solika and Veth Rattana. The film was produced and distributed by Yvette Som and Angkorwat production. It was a success at the box office.
 Plunge Into Darkness is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a couple on a holiday in the country who have a terrorising experience.
 Black Arrow is a Disney television film filmed in 1984 and released in 1985 based on the novel by Robert Louis Stevenson The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses. It was a Panatlantic Pictures release directed by John Hough who had directed a filmatisation of another Stevenson novel in 1972 Treasure Island. It was released on 6 January 1985 for broadcast on The Disney Channel and distribution on Disney Home Video VHS.
 The Fitzgerald Family Christmas is a 2012 comedy-drama film starring Edward Burns and Connie Britton. The film written directed and produced by Burns was premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. It has been met with positive reviews from critics with 64% on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Friends and Neighbours is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Arthur Askey Megs Jenkins and Peter Illing.
 Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster Returns is a 2013 Bollywood romantic thriller drama film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia. It is the sequel to the 2011 film Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster. The film stars Jimmy Shergill and Mahi Gill who reprised their roles from the previous film while new additions to the cast include Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan. The film was released on 8 March 2013.Jimmy Shergill won Best Actor Award for this film at 11th Norway Bollywood Film Festival in Oslo.
 Fumoon (フウムーン) is a Japanese science-fiction animated movie by Osamu Tezuka. It is based on the manga Nextworld.
 Shining Victory is a 1941 film based on the play Jupiter Laughs by A. J. Cronin. It stars James Stephenson Geraldine Fitzgerald Donald Crisp and Barbara O'Neil and it was the first film directed by Irving Rapper. Bette Davis makes a brief cameo appearance as a nurse in the film.
 Thirupathi is a 2006 Kannada action-crime-drama film directed by Shivamani featuring Sudeep and Pooja Kanwal in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Rajesh Ramanath and lyrics by Kaviraj Shivamani and Krishna. The film released on 30 June 2007
 Coons! Night of the Bandits of the Night is a 2005 musical comedy horror satire film written and directed by Travis Irvine with a budget of $5000. The independent film is the first feature film (commercial release) from Ohio University communications undergraduate students.It premiered at film festivals and select cinemas before being released on DVD and is considered on its way to becoming a cult classic by at least one reviewer.
 Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion (Italian: Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto) is a 1970 Italian film crime drama directed by Elio Petri. It is a dramatic psychological black-humoured satire on corruption in high office telling the story of a top police officer played by Gian Maria Volonté who kills his mistress played by Florinda Bolkan and then tests whether the police would charge him for this crime.
 Sihina Wasanthayak (Summer of Dreams) was a popular Sri Lankan television series directed by Sunil Costha and Saranga Mendis. A romantic drama it was an adaption from the 2004 Tamil language film Autograph and was telecast on Sirasa TV in 2008-2009. The songs and soundtrack for the series were composed by Dinesh Subasinghe.
 Wish You Were Dead (2002) is a crime comedy about two femme fatales fighting over one man in a back-stabbing money-grabbing insurance-hustling double-dealing two-timing caper.
 The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a feature length 115 minute film. It was produced by Teaching Resource Films in 1975. It is an adaptation of the children's novel written by L. Frank Baum. It was a color film made in the USA and has additional writing credits given to Katherine Jose and Irene Lewis. This is a collection of filmstrips narrated on records.
 Pizza My Heart is a 2005 movie directed by Andy Wolk and starring Shiri Appleby Michael Badalucco and Eyal Podell. This is a modern retelling of Romeo and Juliet set in modern-day Verona New Jersey. A son and daughter of two rival pizzeria owners fall in love much to the disapproval of both families.The movie premiered July 24 2005 on ABC Family.
 Le acrobate is a 1997 Italian drama film directed by Silvio Soldini and starring Licia Maglietta and Valeria Golino. It was shown at the Cannes Film Festival in May 1997 in the Directors' Fortnight section.
 Pat and Mike is a 1952 American romantic comedy film starring Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy. The movie was directed by George Cukor who also directed The Philadelphia Story (1940) with Hepburn and Adam's Rib (1949) with Hepburn and Tracy.
 The Stranger is a 1995 martial arts-action film directed by Fritz Kiersch starring former professional kickboxing champion Kathy Long.
 The Tourist is an Australian TV film about an Australian tour guide in Jordan whose two charges are murdered.
 New Year Baby is a 2006 documentary film that tells the story of a family that survived the Cambodian genocide and started a new life in the United States. The film was directed by Socheata Poeuv and produced by Charles Vogl. It won the 2007 IDFA Movies That Matter Award an initiative of Amnesty International as well as eight other international awards. It was aired on National PBS in 2008.
 A Child From the South was a 1991 television movie about a Nadia (played by Josette Simon) a young journalist in political exile from South Africa since her father's assassination twenty years earlier and her return to cover a United Nations conference.It was written by Chris Austin Gill Bond and Leyga Zendare and directed by Sergio Rezende.
 Give a Girl a Break is a 1953 musical comedy film directed by Stanley Donen starring Debbie Reynolds and the dance team of Marge and Gower Champion. A young Bob Fosse has a featured role.
 Obvious Child is an upcoming American comedy drama film written and directed by Gillian Robespierre (based on her 2009 short film) in her directorial debut. The film stars Jenny Slate Jake Lacy Gaby Hoffmann and David Cross. The film premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival as part of its NEXT section and was picked up by A24 for a U.S. release.
 Take Off (Hangul: 국가대표; hanja: 國家代表; RR: Gukgadaepyo; MR: Kukkataep‘yohangul literally National Representative or National Athlete) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Yong-hwa. The film was the 2nd most attended film of the year in South Korea with 8392953 admissions.
 Tales from the Dead is a 2007 horror film written and directed by Jason Cuadrado. The film is an anthology of four ghost stories as told by Tamika a strange young girl with the ability to communicate with the dead. Each tale deals with loss pain and vengeance as the spirits who tell them attempt to put things right in the world of the living.The film is notable for being a Japanese horror film shot entirely in Los Angeles in Japanese with local Japanese talent.
 Stephen Steps Out is a 1923 silent film notable as being the first starring role for the still teenaged Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. Directed by Joseph Henabery it was based on a short story by Richard Harding Davis The Grand Cross of the Desert. This is a lost film.With this film young Fairbanks Jr. opted for a screen career despite opposition from his famous father Douglas Fairbanks.
 Victim (Chinese: 目露凶光; pinyin: Mu lu xiong guang) is a 1999 thriller film directed and co-written by Ringo Lam. The film stars Tony Leung Ka-fai Lau Ching-wan and Amy Kwok and is about a computer programmer named Ma who is found in a haunted hotel by a cop.
 The Secret of the Old Woods originally released as Il segreto del bosco vecchio is a 1993 Italian fantasy-drama film written directed and starred by Ermanno Olmi. It is based on the novel with the same name by Dino Buzzati.For his performance Paolo Villaggio won the Nastro d'Argento for best actor. The film also won the David di Donatello for best cinematography.
 The Right of the Weakest (French: La Raison du plus faible) is a 2006 Belgian drama film directed by Lucas Belvaux. It was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Single Life is a 1985 Australian movie about a 35 year old woman who decides to have a baby.
 Strayed (Russian: Заблудившийся) is a 2009 Kazakhstani thriller directed by Akan Satayev. The film was selected as the Kazakhstani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Eighteen Year-Old Uniform's Breast (十八歳、制服の胸元 Jūhassai Seifuku no Munamoto) aka Fushidara Shigan: Ikitai Kagai Jugyoo is a 2003 Japanese pink film directed by Minoru Kunizawa. It won the award for Seventh Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Daisy Kenyon (1947) is a 20th Century Fox feature film starring Joan Crawford Henry Fonda and Dana Andrews in a story about a post-World War II romantic triangle. The screenplay by David Hertz was based upon a 1945 novel by Elizabeth Janeway. The film was directed and produced by Otto Preminger. Daisy Kenyon has been released to DVD. The movie features cameo appearances by Walter Winchell Leonard Lyons John Garfield and Damon Runyon.
 Goyband is a 2008 American comedy film from directed by Christopher Grimm starring Adam Pascal. Called a gefilte fish out of water tale this independent film is described as Dirty Dancing meets My Big Fat Greek Wedding with a touch of a hip hop Fiddler on the Roof. Fans of Adam Pascal and friends of the other actors have start a cult internet following garnering interest in Goyband worldwide.
 Sexo amor y otras perversiones (Spanish for Sex love and other perversions) is a 2006 Mexican film made up of eight short films directed by the renowned Mexican film directors:Carlos Carrera (segment Barbacoa de Chivo)Daniel GruenerGustavo LozaCarolina RiveraMaría Fernanda SuarezGerardo TortÁngel Flores Torres (segment Recompensa)Javier 'Fox' Patrón (segment El Auto)Carlos Sariñana (segment A una Mujer Decente)
 Phat Beach is a 1996 American comedy film written and directed by Doug Ellin which stars Jermaine 'Huggy' Hopkins Coolio and Brian Hooks.
 Beloved (French: Les Bien-aimés) is a 2011 French film written and directed by Christophe Honoré starring Catherine Deneuve Miloš Forman Ludivine Sagnier Louis Garrel Paul Schneider Michel Delpech and Chiara Mastroianni. The story is set in the 1960s through the 2000s in Paris Rheims Montreal Prague and London. While not a musical the characters use musical 'narration' and 'dialogues' throughout the film.
 Mala is a Bollywood drama film. It was released in 1941. It was directed by Balwant Bhatt and had Rose P. Jairaj and Jayant in pivotal roles.
 Escapade is a 1935 romantic comedy film starring William Powell and Luise Rainer.
 Pas în doi also known as Passo Doble is a 1985 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița. It stars Claudiu Bleonț Petre Nicolae Anda Onesa and Ecaterina Nazare. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 L'avaro (also known as The Miser) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Tonino Cervi. It is a loose adaptation of Molière's comedy The Miser.
 The Almost Perfect Crime also known as Delitto quasi perfetto and Imperfect Murder is a 1966 Italian crime-comedy film written and directed by Mario Camerini.
 Just the Way You Are is a 1984 comedy/drama film that stars Kristy McNichol and Michael Ontkean. It was directed by Édouard Molinaro.
 Orkkuka Vallappozhum is a Malayalam movie released in 2009. This 120-minute feature the debut venture of Sohanlal has Thilakan as Sethumadhavan - a seventy-year-old enjoying his retired life and trying to rediscover the innocence of his past.
 Back Roads is a 1981 American romantic comedy film starring Sally Field and Tommy Lee Jones. It is directed by Martin Ritt. It got middling reviews and grossed $11 million at the box office.[citation needed]
 Deceit is a 1989 minimalist science fiction film. The entire film was shot in three days. The plot follows aliens who decide to postpone their plans to destroy Earth until they are able to have sexual relations with some of the women on the planet.
 Los caranchos de la Florida is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred José Gola and Amelia Bence.The film is based on a novel by Benito Lynch.In the USA release the film was distributed by Cinexport Distributing Co.
 Enoch Arden is a 1915 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne. It is based on the poem Enoch Arden by Tennyson. A print of the film exists at the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.
 La Robe du temps (The Gown of Time) is a 2008 film from Niger directed by Malam Saguirou whose documentaries have won a number of international awards.
 Uttama Villain (English: Optimal Villain) is an upcoming Tamil comedy film directed by Ramesh Aravind and produced by N. Lingusamy. The film is co-written and co-produced by Kamal Haasan who himself plays the lead role alongside Jayaram Andrea Jeremiah Pooja Kumar and Parvathi. Crazy Mohan writes the film's dialogues while M. Ghibran composes the film's music. The film is scheduled to be released in September 2014.
 Harlan – In the Shadow of Jew Süss is a 2008 documentary film by German director Felix Moeller about one of the most notorious Nazi German filmmakers Veit Harlan and his family.
 Seoul Jesus (Hangul: 서울황제; RR: Seoul hwangjae; lit. Seoul Emperor) is a 1986 South Korean film written and directed by Jang Sun-woo.
 Un Hombre extraño is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Festival 2005 is a live DVD by The Cure released in late 2006. It was shot during the band's headlining shows at 9 European music festivals in the summer of 2005. The video features a variety of angles captured by a mix of fans crew and 'on-the-night-big-screen cameras'. It was the first physical (non-digital download) release by the band since guitarist Porl Thompson returned to the line-up.An extended play containing three of the tracks from the DVD was also made available.
 Just Dropped In is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Heebie Jeebies is a 2005 film written by Doug Evans along with J.J. Shebesta and directed by Evans and Michael Hawkins-Burgos.
 Royal Space Force: The Wings of Honnêamise (王立宇宙軍 オネアミスの翼 Ōritsu Uchūgun: Oneamisu no Tsubasa) is a 1987 Japanese animated science fiction film and the first film produced by Gainax and Bandai Visual. It was directed and written by Hiroyuki Yamaga. The film was released on March 14 1987 and grossed only modestly in the box office. Since then it has received very positive reviews.
 Power Trip is a documentary film by director Paul Devlin that describes the electricity crisis in the country of Georgia shortly after the fall of the Soviet Union. It looks at the chaos and riots that occurred in Tbilisi Georgia shortly after the AES Corporation an American global power company purchased Telasi Tbilisi's privatized electricity distribution company.
 Passion is a 1982 film by Jean-Luc Godard and the second feature film made during his return to relatively mainstream filmmaking in the 1980s sometimes referred to as the Second Wave.
 Balto II: Wolf Quest is a 2002 American straight-to-DVD sequel to Universal Pictures/Amblin Entertainment' 1995 animated film Balto.
 Born Again was a 1978 film depicting the involvement of Charles W. Colson in the Watergate scandal his subsequent conversion to Christianity and his prison term stemming from Watergate. It starred Dean Jones as Colson Anne Francis as his wife Dana Andrews as Tom Phillips Harry Spillman as President Nixon former Senator Harold Hughes as himself and George Brent in his final film. The director was Irving Rapper and the film was released by Avco-Embassy.
 Painted Skin (simplified Chinese: 画皮之阴阳法王; traditional Chinese: 畫皮之陰陽法王; pinyin: Huà Pí Zhī Yīnyáng Fǎwáng) is a 1993 Hong Kong supernatural horror film starring Adam Cheng Joey Wong Sammo Hung Lam Ching Ying and Wu Ma. It was directed by King Hu.It is based very loosely on a famous story in Pu Songling's classic short story collection Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio.
 Forever Activists: Stories from the Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade is a 1990 documentary film by Connie Field and Judith Montell that shares interviews with seven American veterans of the Spanish Civil War who fought for the Loyalist cause during the war and went on to live lives of activism. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Ghoongat (also spelled Ghunghat) (Urdu: گھونگٹ) is an Urdu film released in the summer of 1996. It starred Mohsin Khan Andaleeb Shaan Resham and Arbaaz Khan. The film marked Shaan's comeback into the Lahore industry and won the actor many plaudits for his performance as the scheming villain. Ghoongat was directed by Syed Noor and produced by Shezad Rafique.
 Space Station 76 is a 2014 American Science fiction and comedy film directed by Jack Plotnick and co-written by Plotnick Jennifer Cox Sam Pancake Kali Rocha and Michael Stoyanov. The film premiered March 8 2014 at the SXSW festival in Austin Texas.This is the first film directed by Plotnick. He developed the script through improvisation sessions at his home with some of his favorite actors.
 The Misled Romance of Cannibal Girl & Incest Boy is a 2007 independent short horror film directed by Richard Taylor and produced by the Denver Colorado-based production company Bizjack Flemco (Atom the Amazing Zombie Killer).
 The Frozen North is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton. The film was written by Keaton and Edward F. Cline (credited as Eddie Cline). The film runs for around 17 minutes. Sybil Seely and Bonnie Hill co-star in the film.
 Der Schuß durchs Fenster is a 1950 Austrian drama film directed written by and starring Siegfried Breuer with Curd Jürgens .
 Muppets Most Wanted is a 2014 American musical comedy caper film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and the eighth theatrical film featuring the Muppets. Directed by James Bobin and written by Bobin and Nicholas Stoller the film is a sequel to 2011's The Muppets and stars Ricky Gervais Ty Burrell and Tina Fey.
 Knockout (aka Born to Fight) is a 2011 American sports drama film directed by Anne Wheeler and starring Steve Austin Daniel Magder and Jaren Brandt Bartlett. This was Steve Austin's first dramatic role in the film.
 Tadas Blinda: The Beginning (Lithuanian: Tadas Blinda. Pradžia) is a 2011 Lithuanian adventure film directed by Donatas Ulvydas based on the 1987 Rimantas Šavelis novel Tadas Blinda and on the legendary history of the 19th-century outlaw Tadas Blinda.
 Hell Is a City is a 1960 film based on the novel by Maurice Procter. It was made by British studio Hammer Film Productions filmed in Manchester it was also written and directed by Val Guest. It was partly inspired by the British New Wave films.
 Physical Evidence is a 1989 crime thriller film directed by Michael Crichton. It stars Burt Reynolds alongside Theresa Russell and Ned Beatty. Reynolds plays Joe Paris a beleaguered ex-police officer incriminated by the evidence but insisting on his innocence.Physical Evidence would be Crichton's final film as a director.
 Golf Punks is a 1998 film starring Tom Arnold as an out-of-work golf pro who gets pulled into teaching the game to a group of young golfers at a public course.
 Sleepless Nights is a 1932 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Stanley Lupino Polly Walker and Gerald Rawlinson. The film was made at Elstree Studios by British International Pictures. Unlike most of Lupuno's other films it was based on an original screenplay rather than an existing stage work.
 Magic Rock is a 2001 comedy-drama film written by Bradley Gallo and directed by Bradley Gallo and Aditya Chandora.
 Shaadi is an 1962 Indian film directed by R. Krishnan and S. Pandu. It stars actors Dharmendra and Saira Banu.The title reflects the Urdu word for a marriage (comes from root word shaad which means happiness in Persian) specifically a wedding ceremony.
 A MusiCares Tribute to Bruce Springsteen is a concert video set to be released on DVD Blu-ray and Digital Download on March 25 2014. It was filmed in 2013 at the MusiCares Person of the Year ceremony to honor and pay tribute to musician Bruce Springsteen for his artistic achievement in the music industry and dedication to philanthropy. The ceremony was hosted by Jon Stewart and features many performance by musicians who have long been fans and admirers of Springsteen's body of work.
 Pyar Ki Jeet is a 1948 Indian Bollywood film. It was the third highest grossing Indian film of 1948.
 Vanished is a 1995 thriller mystery movie made for TV based on the novel by Danielle Steel. It stars George Hamilton Robert Hays and Lisa Rinna.
 Casino Tycoon 2 (Chinese: 賭城大亨II之至尊無敵) is a 1992 Hong Kong action drama film written produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Chingmy Yau. It is the sequel to Casino Tycoon.
 Beastie Boys (Hangul: 비스티 보이즈; RR: Biseuti Boiseu) is a 2008 South Korean film about male hosts who serve female clients in discreet salons tucked into the affluent fashion districts of southern Seoul.Its international English title The Moonlight of Seoul is taken from a 70s short novel by Kim Seung-wook 서울의 달빛 0장 (The Moonlight of Seoul – Part Zero) which explores the aura of Seoul's nightlife.In director Yoon Jong-bin's own words the film depicts youths living in the exotic affluent backdrop of Gangnam and those kicking and screaming to survive in the superficial capitalistic society.
 Nerve is an Australian psychological thriller film currently filming directed by Sebastien Guy. It stars Christian Clark and Georgina Haig.
 The Enemy is a 1927 drama film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Lillian Gish. The film has been thought to be lost. The MGM library now controlled by Turner Classic Movies has a print which is missing the final reel. Actor Joel McCrea makes an early appearance as an extra.
 To the Arctic 3D is a 2012 Imax 3D Documentary film directed by Greg MacGillivray. It was narrated by Meryl Streep. It has a 67% on Rotten Tomatoes.
 The Ringer is a 1952 British mystery film directed by Guy Hamilton and starring Herbert Lom Denholm Elliott William Hartnell and Mai Zetterling. It was the directoral debut of Hamilton.
 Kya Love Story Hai (English: What a Love Story) is a 2007 Bollywood film starring Ayesha Takia and Tusshar Kapoor in the lead roles. It is directed by debutant Lovely Singh and produced by Adlabs Films Ltd and V R Entertainers. The film was shot in Cape Town South Africa. The tagline of the movie is What if... Simplicity is all you need
 Thillu Mullu is a 1981 Tamil comedy film starring Rajinikanth Madhavi 'Thengai' Srinivasan Nagesh and Sowkar Janaki with music composed by M. S. Viswanathan. It was directed by K. Balachander. The film is actually a remake of the Hindi comedy film Gol Maal which was released in 1979. The film received positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success at the box office.
 L'ultimo treno della notte (also known as Night Train Murders The New House on The Left Second House on The Left Don't Ride on Late Night Trains Last Stop on the Night Train Late Night Trains Last House Part II and Xmas Massacre) is a 1975 Italian revenge thriller. It was directed by Aldo Lado scored by Ennio Morricone and stars Flavio Bucci Macha Meril and Irene Miracle. It gained notoriety when it was banned in the UK as a video nasty in the 1980s.
 Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story is a 2005 direct-to-DVD animated comedy film set in the Family Guy fictional universe. Released on September 27 2005 the film's main plot point concerns Stewie Griffin trying to find who he thinks is his real father after seeing the man on TV. He travels to San Francisco only to find that the man is him from the future.
 King of the Jungle is a 2000 drama film starring John Leguizamo Rosie Perez Julie Carmen Cliff Gorman Michael Rapaport Marisa Tomei and Rosario Dawson. It was written and directed by Seth Zvi Rosenfeld.
 Okkadu (Telugu: ఒక్కడు) is a 2003 Telugu melodrama film directed by Gunasekhar. It stars Mahesh Babu Bhoomika Chawla and Prakash Raj. Music was composed by Mani Sharma and editing was helmed by A. Sreekar Prasad. M.S. Raju produced this film. The film has garnered eight Nandi Awards and four Filmfare Awards South This movie was later remade into the Tamil as Ghilli and became a blockbuster.
 Mihail câine de circ (German: Michael - Freundschaft wider Willen) is a 1979 Romanian adventure film directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.
 Night Owls (1930) is a Laurel and Hardy short film. It was filmed in October and November 1929 and released January 4 1930. The film was also made in two foreign-language versions: Ladrones in Spanish and Ladroni in Italian. The foreign versions retained not only the headliners but Edgar Kennedy and James Finlayson as well.
 The Upsetter or The Upsetter: The Life and Music of Lee Scratch Perry is a documentary film about the Grammy Award-winning Jamaican music icon Lee Scratch Perry. The film is narrated by Academy Award winner Benicio Del Toro and directed by American Filmmakers Ethan Higbee and Adam Bhala Lough. The film premiered at the SXSW Film Festival in March 2008 and had its theatrical release in March 2011 going on to screen at more than 80 theatres world wide.
 The Show-Off is a 1946 film directed by Harry Beaumont based on the play by George Kelly. It stars Red Skelton and Marilyn Maxwell. It was previously filmed in 1926 as The Show Off starring Ford Sterling Lois Wilson and Louise Brooks and in 1934 as The Show-Off with Spencer Tracy and Madge Evans. Lois Wilson also appeared in this one but in a different role.
 Jungle Raiders also known as Captain Yankee (in original Italian La leggenda del rubino malese) is a 1985 Cannon Film. This film by Antonio Margheriti stars Christopher Connelly and Lee Van Cleef. The film was the third of three films Antonio Margheriti made in which he attempted to copy the success of Raiders of the Lost Ark (the first films he made were Hunters of the Golden Cobra and Ark of the Sun God).
 Witch from Nepal (奇緣) is a 1986 Hong Kong supernatural film directed by Ching Siu Tung. The film stars Chow Yun-fat as Joe Wong an architect on vacation in Nepal with his friend Ida (Yammie Nam Kit-yang). Joe injures his leg as in a hospital where he has dreams of a beautiful woman with magical powers. Joe is later in a hospital in Hong Kong with his leg infected finding that the woman from his visions named Sheila (Emily Chu Bo-yee) magically heals him.
 Milan noir is a 1987 French thriller film directed by Ronald Chammah and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 The Flight in the Night (German:Die Flucht in die Nacht) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Amleto Palermi and starring Conrad Veidt Robert Scholz and Angelo Ferrari. It was based on a play by Luigi Pirandello with art direction was by Hermann Warm. It was shot on location in Italy.
 Cento H.P. is a 1915 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Mosayile Kuthira Meenukal (Malayalam: മോസയിലെ കുതിര മീനുകൾ) is an upcoming Malayalam adventure film directed by Ajith Pillai. Produced by Niyas Ismail under the banner of Frames Inevitable it stars Asif Ali and Sunny Wayne along with Swati Reddy and Janani Iyer as the female leads while pivotal supporting roles are played by Nedumudi Venu and Nishanth Sagar. Cinematography was by Abhinand Ramanujam and music was composed by Prashant Pillai.
 Andhrawala (Telugu: ఆంధ్రావాలా) is a 2004 Telugu film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh and has Jr NTR playing the main role. Rakshitha Sayaji Shinde and Rahul Dev play important roles. Music was composed by Chakri while cinematography was handled by Shyam K. Naidu. The film has been dubbed in Tamil as Velaa and in Hindi as Barood:Man On Mission. Puri jagan's assistant Meher Ramesh remade this film in Kannada as Veera Kannadiga with Puneeth Rajkumar.
 The Falcon's Adventure is a 1946 film which was the 13th of sixteen films about The Falcon and the final film of RKO's Falcon series starring Tom Conway. It was directed by William Berke who had served as producer for the previous entry in the series 1946's The Falcon's Alibi.
 Deadman's Curve is a 1978 made for TV film based on the musical careers of Jan Berry and Dean Torrence. Developed from a 1974 article published in the Rolling Stone magazine by Paul Morantz who also helped write the screenplay.
 A Killer Among Us is a 1990 Drama/Thriller TV film directed by Peter Levin and starring Jasmine Guy and Anna Maria Horsford.
 Times Square Comes Alive is a 1985 adult film directed by Vince Benedetti and starring Veronica Vera and Tasha Voux.
 The Caiman (Italian: Il caimano referring to the caiman) is a 2006 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Nanni Moretti and starring Silvio Orlando and Margherita Buy. Focusing on Silvio Berlusconi's vicissitudes it was released just before the beginning of the 2006 elections in which Berlusconi lost. It was one of the most successful films of 2006 in Italy. It was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 La vida por Perón (My Life for Perón) is a 2005 Argentine film directed by Sergio Bellotti and starring Belén Blanco Cristina Banegas Esteban Lamothe Luis Ziembrowski Oscar Alegre and Jean Pierre Reguerraz.
 The Magnificent Seven is a 1960 American western film directed by John Sturges. It is a western-style remake based on Akira Kurosawa's 1954 Japanese film Seven Samurai. The film stars Yul Brynner Steve McQueen Charles Bronson James Coburn Robert Vaughn Brad Dexter and Horst Buchholz who play a group of seven American gunmen hired to protect a small agricultural village in Mexico from a group of marauding native bandits led by Calvera portrayed by Eli Wallach.
 For a Few Dollars Less (Italian: Per qualche dollaro in meno) is a 1966 Italian comedy film parody of For a Few Dollars More directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Lando Buzzanca. It was Mattoli's final film.
 Il letto in piazza (also known as Sex Diary) is a 1976 Italian comedy film written and directed by Bruno Gaburro. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Nantas Salvalaggio.
 Awake Zion is a 2005 documentary by Monica Haim that documents a connection between Jews and Rastafarians. Rasta is a religious movement that came out of Jamaica. The followers accept Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia as God incarnate grow their hair in dreadlocks and smoke cannabis for religious purposes. Jews trace their history back to the Holy Land of Israel and look to the Torah for instruction.
 Spy for Germany (German: Spion für Deutschland) is a 1956 West German thriller film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Martin Held Nadja Tiller and Walter Giller. The film depicts the German spy Erich Gimpel actions during the Second World War. It is based on a novel by Will Berthold.
 The Falcon and the Co-eds is a 1943 film which was the seventh of sixteen in the Falcon series. The story and screenplay was by Ardel Wray a frequent collaborator with Val Lewton in his RKO horror series who added supernatural elements to the proceedings.
 The Wedding Singer is a 1998 romantic comedy film written by Tim Herlihy and directed by Frank Coraci. It stars Adam Sandler as a wedding singer in the 1980s and Drew Barrymore as a waitress with whom he falls in love.
 Karthika Deepam is a 1979 Telugu film directed by Laxmi Deepak and starring Shobhan Babu Sridevi and Sharada. The songs are highly popular particularly Aaraneekuma Ee Deepam Karteeka Deepam penned by Devulapalli Krishnasastri. The music score by Chellapilla Satyam are memorable. Shobhan Babu won Filmfare Best Actor Award (Telugu)The film is remade as Maang Bharo Sajana (1980) in Hindi directed by Tatineni Rama Rao.
 The Living City is a 1953 American short documentary film about Chicago by Haskell Wexler and John Barnes. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Allah Made Me Funny: Live in Concert is a 2008 American concert documentary film directed by Andrea Kalin and produced by Unity Productions Foundation. The live concert features American comedy troupe Allah Made Me Funny (Mohammed Mo Amer Bryant Preacher Moss and Azhar Usman).
 De kalte ham Skarven (English: They called him Skarven) is a 1965 Norwegian drama film directed by Wilfred Breistrand and Erik Folke Gustavson starring Per Christensen and Liv Ullmann. The film is about a fisherman who has to face judgement on his life after an accident.
 Y2K (Athoba 'Sex Krome Aasitechhe') is a 2000 Bengali short film from Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute written and directed by Chandril Bhattacharya.
 Passport to Love (Vietnamese: Chuyện Tình Xa Xứ) is a 2009 Vietnamese romantic comedy directed by Victor Vu. Produced by Infocus Media Group and Wonderboy Entertainment the film was released on February 13 2009 in Vietnam. The film won Audience Choice and Best Supporting Actress at Vietnam's 2008 Golden Kite Awards.
 A Story of Water (French: Une histoire d'eau) is a short film directed and written by Jean-Luc Godard and François Truffaut in 1958. It recounts the story of a woman's trip to Paris which is surrounded by a large flooded area. It was first shown publicly in 1961. The title is a pun on the title of the erotic novel Une histoire d'O.
 At Mother's Request is a 1987 two-part television miniseries based on a true story. The movie stars E. G. Marshall and Stefanie Powers.
 Pride and Vengeance (Italian: L'uomo l'orgoglio la vendetta German: Mit Django kam der Tod) is a 1968 Italian Western film directed by Luigi Bazzoni and starring Franco Nero. The film is a spaghetti western version of the novella Carmen by Prosper Mérimée.
 Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth-oriented British comedy film directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newly Sid James and Lionel Jeffries. It was John Antrobus' first screenplay. The film was based on the 1958 novel Idle on Parade by William Camp that was inspired by Elvis Presley's consription into the US Army.
 Thakita Thakita is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Sreehari Nanu and starring Harsh Vardhan Rane Trinetrudu Karthik Sabesh Haripriya and Nagarjuna Akkineni with music by Bobo Shashi. It marks the production debut of Telugu actress Bhumika Chawla. The plot is a coming of age story which centres around a group of friends finishing college. Thakita Thakita released on 3 September 2010. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Thulli Ezhunthathu Kadhal.
 Un Argentino en New York (international English title: An Argentine in New York) is a 1998 Argentine film directed by Juan José Jusid and starring Guillermo Francella and Natalia Oreiro. It is the story of an Argentine adolescent girl who travels to New York and decides to stay and live there. Her father makes the decision to go to New York a place where he has never been to meet his daughter and try to bring her back to Buenos Aires.
 Off the Black is a 2006 American drama film starring Nick Nolte and Trevor Morgan. It was written and directed by James Ponsoldt who also has a small role in the film and is his feature directorial debut.
 Harmony Row is a 1933 Australian musical comedy starring popular stage comedian George Wallace. It marked the film debut of Bill Kerr.
 Ladder 49 is a 2004 film directed by Jay Russell about the heroics of fictional Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison who is trapped inside a warehouse fire and his recollection of the events that got him to that point. The movie is a celebration of the firefighting profession and the lifestyle associated with it. The film starred Joaquin Phoenix and John Travolta.
 Date at Midnight is a 1959 British film.
 Rebellion (French: L'Ordre et la Morale) is a 2011 French historical drama film directed produced co-written co-edited by and starring Mathieu Kassovitz. Set in New Caledonia but filmed in Tahiti the film recreates a version of the Ouvéa cave hostage taking in 1988. Kassovitz Benoît Jaubert and Pierre Geller were collectively nominated for the 2012 Best Writing (Adaptation) César Award.
 Augustine is 2012 French historical drama film about a love affair between French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot and his patient.
 Way Back Home (Hangul: 집으로 가는 길; RR: Jibeuro Ganeun Gil) is a 2013 South Korean film starring Jeon Do-yeon and Go Soo and directed by Bang Eun-jin. It is based on the true story of an ordinary Korean housewife who was imprisoned in Martinique for two years after being wrongfully accused of drug smuggling at a Paris airport.This is the first time a Korean film was shot in the Caribbean as well as the first to feature actual guards and prisoners as supporting characters.
 Tathagatha Buddha: The Life & Times of Gautama Buddha (Hindi: बुद्ध) also known as Gautama Buddha and as The Path Finder is a multilingual feature film on the life and times of the Buddha directed by Allani Sridhar and is based upon the story by Sadguru Sivananda Murty. The film was released in Telugu in 2007 and in other languages in 2008.
 Face in the Rain is a 1963 film by Irvin Kershner.
 Gun Smoke is a 1945 American film directed by Howard Bretherton. It is a Johnny Mack Brown B Western.
 The Vampire is a black and white 1957 horror film. Like 1956's The Werewolf this film offers a science fiction take on a traditionally supernatural creature but the films were produced by different production companies.
 Vegas is a 2009 Norwegian drama film directed by Gunnar Vikene and written by Torun Lian and Vikene.Vegas tells the story of Thomas Marianne and Terje - three youngsters that have lost everything and have a common dream about finding a new home.
 DysEnchanted is a short subject about seven storybook characters: Cinderella Snow White Goldilocks Sleeping Beauty Alice In Wonderland Dorothy and Little Red Riding Hood. They are in group therapy dishing and dealing with what comes after happily ever after. When Clara a New Jersey divorcee joins the group she discovers that life is no fairy tale.Written and directed by Terri Miller DysEnchanted is only eight minutes long (six without credits).
 Betty Blue is a 1986 French film. Its original French title is 37°2 le matin which means 37.2°C in the Morning. (37.2°C [99°F] is the normal morning temperature of a pregnant woman.) The film was directed by Jean-Jacques Beineix and stars Béatrice Dalle and Jean-Hugues Anglade. It is based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Philippe Djian.
 The Garden of Sinners: Overlooking View (空の境界 第一章 俯瞰風景 Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Isshō: Fukan Fūkei) is a 2007 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the first installment in the series followed by A Study in Murder – Part 1 (2007).
 Shots in Threequarter Time (German: Schüsse im Dreivierteltakt) is a 1965 crime film directed by Alfred Weidenmann.
 The Face at the Window is a 1919 Australian silent film about a master criminal and murderer chased after by the police. It was based on a popular 1897 play.
 My Suicidal Sweetheart is an American independent dark comedy film written and produced by Michael Parness. The initial working title of the film was Saving Grace; this title was later changed to Max & Grace during production and remained in place prior to its release on the film festival circuit in March 2005.
 Spare Me is a 1992 bowling noir film that as one film reviewer wrote twists conventions of the Western and thriller genres within its parallel universe of bowling monomania. Matthew Harrison's feature film directorial debut the 16mm feature was made for less than $80000 US and won awards at the Rome Film Festival New Orleans Film Festival Long Island Film Festival and others.
 Her Highness and the Bellboy is a 1945 American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Hedy Lamarr Robert Walker and June Allyson. Written by Richard Connell and Gladys Lehman the film is about a beautiful European princesss who travels to New York City to find the newspaper columnist she fell in love with six years earlier. At her posh New York hotel she is mistaken for a maid by a kind-hearted bellboy.
 Borrasca humana (English: Human Storm) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Bone Eater is a 2008 monster movie directed and written by Jim Wynorski. It stars Bruce Boxleitner as a sheriff who must stop a Native American monster from destroying his town. It premiered on Syfy and was later released on DVD.
 The Fox Lover (Chinese: 白狐) is a 2013 Chinese film directed by Niu Chaoyang and starring Gillian Chung Julian Cheung Kara Hui and Gao Hu.
 Kill and Be Killed (Spanish: A hierro muere) is a 1962 Spanish-Argentine crime film directed by Manuel Mur Oti and written by Enrique Llovet. Starring Olga Zubarry and Alberto de Mendoza.
 The Invasion is a 2007 science fiction thriller film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel starring Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig. The film had a particularly troubled production and had its release date postponed several times. At the command of Warner Bros. writer Dave Kajganich's original screenplay was re-written by The Wachowskis during filming and the studio also ordered a series of re-shoots by director James McTeigue.
 Day the World Ended (1955) was the fourth film directed by Roger Corman. Rick (Richard Denning) is a heroic scientist who among others must face off against a mutant monster (Paul Blaisdell) after an atomic war destroys human civilization. Chet Huntley of NBC later of The Huntley-Brinkley Report narrates.The film is referred to in a 2001 horror film of the same title The Day the World Ended.
 A Little Bit Zombie is a 2012 zombie comedy horror film that was directed by Casey Walker. The film received its world premiere on February 4 2012 at the Victoria Film Festival in Victoria British Columbia and was released on to DVD on July 16 2013. The movie stars Kristopher Turner as a young man trying to control his new hunger for human flesh in order avoid the wrath of his fiancee.Filming took place in Sudbury Ontario during June 2011.
 Bhagyavantha (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯವಂತ) is a 1981 Kannada drama film directed and written by B. S. Ranga. The film featured Jai Jagadish Aarathi and Puneeth Rajkumar (Master Lohith) playing the pivotal roles. Veteran actor Rajkumar and Thoogudeepa Srinivas made brief appearances in the film. The film is a remake of Telugu film Maa Gopi (1954). The dialogues and lyrics were written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by T. G. Lingappa.
 Let There Be Light is a 1946 American documentary film directed by John Huston.The film was the last in a series of three films directed by Huston while serving in the United States Army Signal Corps. This documentary film follows 75 U.S. soldiers who have sustained debilitating emotional trauma and depression. A series of scenes chronicles their entry into a psychiatric hospital their treatment and eventual recovery.
 The Fighting Deputy is a 1937 American western directed by Sam Newfield and produced by Jed Buell for Spectrum Pictures.
 Paid is a 2006 English language feature film directed by Laurence Lamers. It was filmed in Netherlands between 2004 and 2005 with Anne Charrier Murilo Benício Tom Conti Guy Marchand Corbin Bernsen Marie-France Pisier Beppe Clerici and Tygo Gernandt.
 The Spark Divine (1919) is a silent film drama starring Alice Joyce directed by Tom Terriss and produced and distributed by Vitagraph Company of America. This is now considered a lost film.
 Trade In is a 2009 comedy film in post production directed by Jackie Lee James. The film was written by Jason Moore Kris Sharma and Drew Grubich. The film stars Chris Mascarelli Tiffany Shepis and Christina Leigh.
 Nairsan is an upcoming Japanese historical film based on the legendary Indian freedom fighter A. M. Nair popularly known as Nair-san in Japan. The film was renamed to Dauntless: Force-A. The film stars Mohanlal and Jackie Chan . The film will be made in the Japanese and English languages while the film is also expected to be dubbed into Mandarin Mongolian Tamil and Hindi. A. R. Rahman will be composing the score for the film and he will do various soundtracks for the different versions.
 Festival! is a 1967 American documentary film about the Newport Folk Festival directed by Murray Lerner.Filmed over the course of three festivals at Newport (1963-1965) the film features performances by Johnny Cash Joan Baez & Peter Yarrow Joan Baez Pete Seeger Peter Paul and Mary Odetta Bob Dylan Judy Collins Mississippi John Hurt Son House Howlin' Wolf Brownie McGhee and Sonny Terry Buffy Sainte-Marie Spider John Koerner Theodore Bikel Hobart Smith the Osborne Brothers The Staple Singers Mimi and Richard Fariña Donovan Sacred Harp Singers Georgia Sea Island Singers Mike Bloomfield Judy Collins Ronnie Gilbert Moving Star Hall Singers Howling Wolf Blue Ridge Mountain Dancers and many others.It also features the infamous 1965 set by Bob Dylan at Newport. 
 Two People is a 1973 American drama film produced and directed by Robert Wise. It stars Peter Fonda and Lindsay Wagner. The screenplay by Richard De Roy focuses on the brief relationship shared by a Vietnam War deserter and a fashion model.
 Gabbeh is a 1996 Iranian film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. The film gets its name from a type of Persian rug and starts by showing an elderly couple carrying their Gabbeh walking toward the river hoping to wash their rug. When the rug is spread on the ground a girl referred to as Gabbeh magically comes out of it.
 All Hands on Deck is a 1961 feature film musical starring Pat Boone as a naval officer directed by Norman Taurog. It is based on the novel Warm Bodies by Donald R. Morris.
 Ceddo (pronounced [ˈtʃɛd.do]) is a 1977 Senegalese film directed by Ousmane Sembène. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Kick (Korean: 더 킥; Thai: วอนโดนเตะ!!) is a 2011 Thai martial arts film directed by Prachya Pinkaew. The film follows a Korean family of taekwondo experts who immigrate to Thailand.
 That's Life! is a 1986 film with Jack Lemmon and Julie Andrews directed by Blake Edwards.The film was made independently by Edwards using largely his own finances and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. Although Columbia released the film Artisan Entertainment holds the rights to distribute it on DVD.That's Life! was shot in Edwards and his wife Andrews' own beachside home in Malibu and features their family in small roles including two daughters.
 Thank You for Smoking is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Jason Reitman and starring Aaron Eckhart based on the 1994 satirical novel of the same name by Christopher Buckley. It follows the efforts of Big Tobacco's chief spokesman Nick Naylor who lobbies on behalf of cigarettes using heavy spin tactics while also trying to remain a role model for his 12-year-old son. Maria Bello Adam Brody Sam Elliott Katie Holmes Rob Lowe William H.
 The Hangman is a 1959 film directed by Michael Curtiz. It stars Robert Taylor and Tina Louise.
 Kajínek is a 2010 Czech drama film directed by Petr Jákl. It was released in 2010. The film received an award at the Festival International du Film Policier de Liege 2011.
 Everyone's Hero is a 2006 computer animated sports comedy-drama family film directed by Colin Brady Christopher Reeve (who was working on this film at the time of his death) and Daniel St. Pierre with music by John Debney. The majority of this film was produced by IDT Entertainment in Toronto with portions outsourced to Reel FX Creative Studios and Blue Sky Studios. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and released theatrically on September 15 2006.
 Chasing Mavericks is a 2012 American biographical drama film directed by Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted about the life of American surfer Jay Moriarity.
 Hard Boiled (Chinese: 辣手神探) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film written and directed by John Woo and starring Chow Yun-fat as Inspector Tequila Yuen Tony Leung as Tony an undercover cop and Anthony Wong as Johnny Wong a leader of the criminal triads. The film features Tequila whose partner (Bowie Lam) is killed in a tea house gunfight with a small army of gangsters.
 Sherlock: Case of Evil is a 2002 made-for-television movie focusing on Sherlock Holmes (James D'Arcy) as a young adult in his late 20s. The story noticeably departs from the classic depiction style and backstory of the original material.
 Captain Blood is a 1935 American swashbuckling film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Basil Rathbone and Ross Alexander. The film was made by First National Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures and produced by Harry Joe Brown and Gordon Hollingshead with Hal B. Wallis as executive producer.
 Pasó en mi barrio is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Firewater (Estonian: Tulivesi) 1994 is Hardi Volmer´s history-based thriller.Tulivesi is based on the historical situation in Estonia at the end of 1920-s and sets a precedent of the struggle between the Estonian government and the spirit-smugglers. This film is dedicated to those who carry on the difficult and hopeless struggle against the narcotic business.
 Man's Search for Happiness is a 13-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It explains the role of the Plan of Salvation in LDS theology with questions like Who am I? Where did I come from? and Where am I going? being explored from an LDS perspective.This film was produced by the BYU Motion Picture Studio for the Mormon Pavilion at the 1964 World's Fair in New York and was viewed by over five million people many of whom were not LDS.
 Nei Jaa Re Megha Mate (Oriya: ନେଇ ଯାରେ ମେଘ ମତେ) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by S.K Murallidharan.A love-triangle story the Anubhav-Barsha duo is back together after Thank You Bhagawan. It is an adaptation of the 2001 Telugu movie Manasantha Nuvve.
 Flavors is a 2003 romantic comedy film concerning Indian immigrants in America. It was written and directed by Krishna D.K. and Raj Nidimoru and is their second collaboration after Shaadi.com (2002).
 St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold is a 2009 British adventure comedy film directed by Oliver Parker and Barnaby Thompson both of whom directed the previous film in the series. It is the seventh in a long-running series of films based on the works of cartoonist Ronald Searle and the second film produced since the franchise was rebooted in 2007.
 Chandrawal is a 1984 Indian film. It is the third Haryanavi-language film to be released and the first financially successful one. Written by Late. Shri Devi Shankar Prabhakarproduce by usha sharma and directed by Jayant Prabhaker the film's music was created by J. P. Kaushik. Starring dancer Usha Sharma the film tells the story of a tragic love affair between Chandrawal a girl of the Gadia Lohar community and Suraj a boy of another caste.
 The Myth of Fingerprints is a 1997 American film drama written and directed by Bart Freundlich. It stars Blythe Danner Roy Scheider Noah Wyle and Julianne Moore (who later became Freundlich's wife).The film is named after the song All Around the World or the Myth of the Fingerprints by Paul Simon featured on his 1986 album Graceland. The song is concerned with dispelling the myth that people are different the world over: I've seen them all and man they're all the same.
 Grim Prairie Tales is a 1990 American horror film directed and written by Wayne Coe and starring James Earl Jones and Brad Dourif. It is an anthology film of four western stories told by two travellers around a prairie campfire. Morrison (Jones) is a grizzled bounty hunter carrying a body while Farley Deeds (Dourif) is a clerk on the way to a romantic reunion with his wife.
 Jane's House is a 1994 drama television film starring James Woods Anne Archer and Melissa Lahlitah Crider. It was directed by Glenn Jordan who had previously worked with Woods on the 1986 TV movie Promise and the 1991 TV movie The Boys. The film first aired on the CBS network on January 2 1994.The film was based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Robert Kimmel Smith. The book is an American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults and a nationwide best-seller.
 Sherman's Way is a comedy-drama independent film starring James LeGros Enrico Colantoni Lacey Chabert Donna Murphy Brooke Nevin and Michael Shulman. The film was directed by Craig Saavedra written by Thomas R. Nance and produced by Starry Night Entertainment. Sherman's Way completed principal photography in 2007 and was shot in Manhattan New York Clear Lake California and Los Angeles California.
 Prisoner of Her Past is a 2010 documentary film produced by Kartemquin Films that follows the journey of Chicago Tribune music critic Howard Reich as he travels to Europe to discover why his elderly mother Sonia Reich believes people are trying to kill her.Inspired by conversations with young trauma survivors in post-Katrina New Orleans Howard Reich begins to discover a secret that his mother Sonia had kept hidden for over 60 years.
 Satya Pathe is a 1935 Bengali film. The film was directed by Amar Choudhury and produced by Madan Theatres Ltd. Bimal Das Gupta composed the music of the film.
 The Open Door is a 2008 Australian horror/thriller film directed by Doc Duhame and starring Catherine Munden Sarah Christine Smith and Ryan Doom. Munden's character finds her vengeful wishes toward people coming true.
 Love Cycle is a 2013 Tollywood Romance film directed by Sapan Kumar.
 Evdokia (Greek: Ευδοκία) is one of the most important works of Greek cinema. Evdokia is a drama of passion whose main characters are a sergeant and a prostitute who get married after a brief passionate idyll. Very soon however the influence of their environment strains their relationship and the man tries to break away but without success.
 Trophy Kids is a 2011 film directed by Josh Sugarman produced by Brandon Yankowitz and written by the pair. Trophy Kids stars Ryan Eggold David Gallagher Tahyna Tozzi Nathan Lee Graham Tibor Feldman Tania Raymonde David Thornton Chris Beetem Adam Grupper Eleanor Reissa and Isiah Whitlock Jr..The film's title refers to the generation of Americans also known as Millennials who grew up receiving trophies and other praise just for participating and not necessarily for excelling.
 Happy Feet Two is a 2011 Australian-American 3D computer-animated family musical film directed produced and co-written by George Miller. It is a sequel to Miller's 2006 film Happy Feet and features Elijah Wood Robin Williams Hugo Weaving Magda Szubanski and Anthony LaPaglia reprising their roles from the first film. Pink and Richard Carter replaced the deceased Brittany Murphy and Steve Irwin as Gloria and Bryan the beachmaster respectively.
 Bloodhounds of the North is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Murdock MacQuarrie Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost.
 Neeraba Jhada (Oriya: ନିରବ ଝଡ)a.k.a. The silent storm is an 1984 award winning Indian Oriya film directed by Manmohan Mahapatra which depicts the realities of village existence where dehumanized peasants still dream of a more fulfilling life.
 Three Live Ghosts is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Beryl Mercer Hilda Vaughn Harry Stubbs Nancy Price Robert Montgomery and Tenen Holtz. Three veterans of World War I return home to London after the armistice only to find they have been mistakenly listed as dead. It was based on the play Three Live Ghosts by Frederic S.
 Party is a 1994 short film starring Gary Coleman Floyd Harden DeAnna Hawkins Ron Litman and Greg Nassief. The film was directed by Eric Swelstad and produced by Johnnie J. Young of J&E Studio Productions from a script by Jay Woelfel based on a story by Nathaniel Hawthorne.The film was shot in 1994 on location in Lucerne Valley in the Mojave Desert in California.
 Katy Perry: Part of Me (advertised as Katy Perry: Part of Me 3D) is a 2012 3D autobiographical documentary film on Katy Perry. It was directed by Dan Cutforth and Jane Lipsitz and released in the United States Canada the UK and Ireland on July 5 2012.
 Oru Oodhappu Kan Simittugiradhu is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist Ravi. This movie is based on a novel by the same name written by Pushpa Thangadorai.
 The Child (Danish: Barnet) is a 1940 Danish drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen.
 Blackie the Pirate (Italian: Il corsaro nero) is a 1971 comedy film with Terence Hill and Bud Spencer unusual in that the popular team has little screen time together.
 Smithy is a 1946 Australian film about pioneering Australian aviator Sir Charles Kingsford Smith and his flight across the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco California United States to Brisbane Queensland Australia during 1928. This was the first-ever trans-Pacific flight. Kingsford Smith was the pilot of the Fokker F.VII/3m three-engine monoplane Southern Cross with Australian aviator Charles Ulm as the relief pilot.
 Fall to Grace is a 2013 documentary film produced filmed directed by Alexandra Pelosi.The film covers the career of former New Jersey Governor Jim McGreevey after his fall from grace that led to his resignation from political office in the wake of an extramarital affair to his admission that he was a homosexual and a bitter divorce battle.
 The Cop (French: Un condé Italian: L'uomo venuto da Chicago) is a 1970 French-Italian crime film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Michel Bouquet.
 Let's Kill Uncle is a 1966 color horror film directed by William Castle about a young boy who is trapped on an island by his uncle who is planning to kill him. His only friend is a young girl who tries to help him. It stars Nigel Green Mary Badham Pat Cardi and Robert Pickering. It is based on a novel written by Rohan O'Grady. It was filmed in Bermuda.
 Čaruga is a 1991 Croatian film directed by Rajko Grlić.
 This Charming Man (Danish: Der Er En Yndig Mand) is a 2002 Danish short comedy film directed by Martin Strange-Hansen. It won an Academy Award in 2003 for Best Short Subject.
 For the 1938 exploitation film also released under this title see Sex Madness.Human Wreckage was a 1923 American independent silent drama film that starred Dorothy Davenport. The film was produced by Davenport and Thomas H. Ince. Davenport was the widow of actor Wallace Reid who died on January 18 1923 from complications of morphine addiction. No print of this film is known to exist today and it is considered a lost film.
 Heroes of Fort Worth or Gli eroi di Fort Worth is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alberto De Martino.
 Paanch Adhyay (2012) is a Bengali romantic drama set in Kolkata. The film marks the Bengali language debut for Bollywood actress Dia Mirza. The film is written and directed by Pratim D. Gupta the resident film critic of The Telegraph newspaper in Kolkata and produced by Kaustuv Roy. The music of the film has been scored by Shantanu Moitra.
 Thicker than Water is a television film starring Melissa Gilbert and Lindsay Wagner. It premiered on Hallmark Channel on November 23 2005.
 Sora no Otoshimono Final: Eternal My Master is a 2014 Japanese anime film based on the manga series Heaven's Lost Property.
 The Committee is a 1968 British independent Black-and-white film noir film. It featured original music by Pink Floyd as well as Arthur Brown's song Nightmare.
 Happy is a 1933 British musical film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Stanley Lupino Laddie Cliff and Will Fyffe. Its plot concerns a band leader who pretends to be a millionaire in Paris.
 Marudhamalai is a Tamil language film starring Arjun Nila and Vadivelu. The film was released in September 7 2007. During its release this film had a grand opening and it became a commercial success at the Box Office depending on the size of movie's budget.
 The Atomic City is a 1952 drama film directed by Jerry Hopper starring Gene Barry and Lydia Clarke.The story takes place at Los Alamos New Mexico where a nuclear physicist (Barry) lives and works. Terrorists kidnap his son and demand that the physicist turn over the H-bomb formula.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Story and Screenplay) Sydney Boehm being the nominee.
 I.D. is an Indian feature film directed by Kamal K. M. produced by Collective Phase One. The film was completed in 2012.
 Fire Down Below is a 1997 American action film directed by Félix Enríquez Alcalá in his directorial debut and starring Steven Seagal Marg Helgenberger Kris Kristofferson Harry Dean Stanton and Stephen Lang. The film also includes cameos by country music performers Randy Travis Mark Collie Ed Bruce Marty Stuart and Travis Tritt and country-rocker and The Band member Levon Helm.
 Black Widow a Film Noir Musical is based on the Evelyn Dick murder case. It premiered in September 2005 on the film festival circuit and on CBC Television in January 2006.
 Mere Apne (Hindi: मेरे अपने) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Romu Raj and N. C. Sippy and written and directed by Gulzar. It was Gulzar's first directorial venture and was almost a frame by frame remake of the National Award winning Bengali film Apanjan which was directed by Tapan Sinha. The film stars Meena Kumari Vinod Khanna and Shatrughan Sinha in lead roles along with Deven Verma Paintal Asit Sen Asrani Danny Denzongpa Keshto Mukherjee A. K.
 Avanti Popolo is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Michael Wahrmann. It was selected for the Rotterdam and Rome festivals in 2013 awarded for best film at the CinemaXXI competition.The film mixes fiction and documentary following the story of André Gatti a researcher that rescues a Super 8 film captured by his brother in 1970 while in the resistance of dictatorship trying to revive the memory of his father which is waiting for his missing son for the last 30 years.
 Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer (1993) is a documentary film about Aileen Wuornos made by Nick Broomfield. It documents Broomfield's attempts to interview Wuornos which involves a long process of mediation through her adopted mother Arlene Pralle and lawyer Steve Glazer.
 Day of the Warrior sometimes credited as L.E.T.H.A.L. Ladies: Day of the Warrior is a 1996 B-Movie written and directed by Andy Sidaris. The film follows The Legion to Ensure Total Harmony and Law (L.E.T.H.A.L.) as they attempt to track a criminal known only as The Warrior. The Warrior (Marcus Bagwell) is a former Olympic gold medalist ex-CIA agent pro wrestler fine art dealer diamond smuggler and pornography bootlegger.
 David is a 2013 Indian Hindi action-thriller film directed by Bejoy Nambiar starring Vikram Neil Nitin Mukesh and Vinay Virmani in the title role alongside Tabu Lara Dutta Monica Dogra and Isha Sharvani. An altered version with the same title David featuring a slightly different cast was simultaneously shot in Tamil. The plot revolves around the lives of three different men named David who are about to take a step which is going to change their lives forever.
 Moneyball is an American 2011 biographical sports drama film directed by Bennett Miller from a screenplay by Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin. The film is based on Michael Lewis's 2003 nonfiction book of the same name an account of the Oakland Athletics baseball team's 2002 season and their general manager Billy Beane's attempts to assemble a competitive team.
 The Canterville Ghost is a 1996 family film directed by Sydney Macartney. The mystery romance and adventure stars Patrick Stewart and Neve Campbell; it is based on an 1887 Oscar Wilde short story of the same title which was serialized in the magazine The Court and Society Review. This story has been adapted to film and made-for-TV movies several times since the original film of the same name.
 Academia El Tango Argentino (English: The Argentine Tango Academy) is a 1942 black and white Argentine musical romantic drama film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen and written by Julio Porter. Starring Warly Ceriani and Domingo Conte. The movie was filmed in Buenos Aires Argentina.The film is based around tango dancing an integral part of Argentine culture.
 Every Man For Himself is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 31st Our Gang short subject released.
 National Lampoon's Gold Diggers (also known as National Lampoon's Lady Killers) is a 2003 film directed by Gary Preisler. It features two friends played by Will Friedle and Chris Owen who marry two old ladies played by Louise Lasser and Renée Taylor so they can inherit their fortunes when they die.
 Sharaabi (English: Drunkard) is a 1984 Indian Hindi drama film produced and directed by Prakash Mehra. This was Prakash Mehra's last hit and sixth in a row with Amitabh the other five being Zanjeer Hera Pheri Muqaddar Ka Sikandar Laawaris and Namak Halaal. He did subsequently make Jaadugar with Amitabh but the film did not click.The movie stars Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Prada with Pran and Om Prakash along with Bharat Bhushan and Ranjeet. The music was given by Bappi Lahiri.
 Sons of Cuba is a 2009 documentary film set in the Havana Boxing Academy a school at the heart of Cuba's Olympic success in the ring. It follows the stories of three young hopefuls through eight months of training and schooling as they prepare for Cuba's National Boxing Championship for Under-12's. Sons of Cuba was directed by Andrew Lang and is distributed by Cinetic Rights Management for the US and Canada and Ro*co Films for the rest of the world.
 Adhe Neram Adhe Idam (English: Same Time Same Place) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by M. Prabhu which stars Jai and Vijayalakshmi in lead roles. The film was released on 6 November 2009.
 The Little Teacher is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Fatty Arbuckle and directed by Mack Sennett.
 Obsessed (also known as Anna Obsessed and Blue Obsessions) is a 1977 pornographic film directed by Martin & Martin and written by Piastro Cruiso.
 Panjapor Tevi is a 1972 Cambodian film adapted from the Chinese tale Sophik Eng Tai. The film is directed by Chea Nuk and stars Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany.
 Subash is a 1996 Tamil action film directed by R. V. Udayakumar. The film features Arjun and Revathi in lead roles. The film produced by K. S. Srinivasan and K. S. Sivaraman had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 20 September 1996. The film was an average grosser at the box office.
 Every-Night Dreams (夜ごとの夢 Yogoto no yume) is a 1933 Japanese drama film directed by Mikio Naruse.The film follows a single mother who works as a Ginza bar hostess and her struggles to provide for her son in Depression-era Japan.
 Homecoming Song (Greek: Το Τραγούδι της Επιστροφής translit. To tragoudi tis epistrofis) is a 1983 Greek drama film directed by Yannis Smaragdis. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Boat (Korean: 보트 translit. Boteu; Japanese: ノーボーイズ、ノークライ alt. title No Boys No Cry formerly known as House) is a 2009 film directed by Kim Young-nam and starring Ha Jung-woo and Satoshi Tsumabuki in the lead roles. It is a South Korean-Japanese co-production. The film charts the experiences and cross cultural friendship of a couple of smugglers.
 The Golden Horde is a 1951 Historical Adventure film directed by George Sherman and starring Ann Blyth and David Farrar. Many of the exterior scenes were shot in Death Valley National Park California USA.
 Skyscraper is a 1996 direct-to-video movie starring Anna Nicole Smith. It was directed by Raymond Martino and written by William Applegate Jr. and John Larrabee. The movie's plot borrows heavily from the film Die Hard with Smith taking the lead role.
 Good Intentions is a 2010 comedy directed by Jim Issa. It is about Etta Milford (Elaine Hendrix) a Georgian housewife who creates a scheme to get back money for her family.
 Our Idiot Brother is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jesse Peretz and starring Paul Rudd Elizabeth Banks Zooey Deschanel and Emily Mortimer. The script was written by Evgenia Peretz and David Schisgall based on Jesse and Evgenia Peretz's story and tells the story of an idealistic man who intrudes and wreaks havoc in his three sisters' lives.The film was co-produced by Anthony Bregman Peter Saraf and Marc Turtletaub.
 The Big Lebowski is a 1998 crime comedy film written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film is set during the early 1990s. Jeff Bridges stars as Jeff Lebowski an unemployed Los Angeles slacker and avid bowler nicknamed the Dude. After a case of mistaken identity the Dude is introduced to a millionaire also named Jeffrey Lebowski. When the millionaire Lebowski's trophy wife is later kidnapped he commissions the Dude to deliver the ransom to secure her release.
 The Past (French: Le Passé) is a 2013 French–Italian–Iranian drama film written and directed by Iranian director Asghar Farhadi and starring Bérénice Bejo Tahar Rahim and Ali Mosaffa.The film was nominated for the Palme d'Or award at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival and won the festival's Prize of the Ecumenical Jury. Bejo also won the festival's Best Actress Award.
 Bambi is a French documentary film released in 2013. Directed by Sébastien Lifshitz the film is a profile of Marie-Pierre Pruvot an Algerian-born trans woman who had a long and prominent career as a dancer and showgirl in Paris in the 1950s and 1960s under the stage name Bambi before becoming a university professor.The film won the Teddy Award for Best Documentary Film at the 2013 Berlin International Film Festival.
 Restraint is a 2008 Australian thriller film directed by David Denneen written by Dave Warner and starring Stephen Moyer Travis Fimmel and Teresa Palmer. The film was shot on location around New South Wales Australia in mid-2005. Working titles during production were Ravenswood Guests and Power Surge. It also features a cameo by Vanessa Redgrave.
 Alien Boy: The Life and Death of James Chasse is an American feature length documentary film released in 2013 and directed by Brian Lindstrom.The film explores issues of police accountability in the case of James Chasse a man with schizophrenia who was brutally killed by Portland Oregon police officers in 2006.In Family of James Chasse v City of Portland Judge Garr King added the film to the case gag order and was asked by Portland city attorneys for a change of venue based on teasers for Alien Boy. 
 In Search of Gregory is a 1969 American drama film directed by Peter Wood and starring Julie Christie.Despite having a big name star like Christie who at the time was one of the most popular and sought-after actresses in the world the film only had a limited theatrical release (after being deemed so bad by test audiences Universal decided to not give the film a wide release) garnering little to no attention.
 Metalhead (Icelandic: Málmhaus) is a 2013 Icelandic drama film written and directed by Ragnar Bragason. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Mickey's Northwest Mounted is a 1929 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on June 9 1929 by FBO.
 The Hellions is a 1961 British adventure film directed by Ken Annakin starring Richard Todd Anne Aubrey Lionel Jeffries Ronald Fraser and Colin Blakely that was set and filmed in South Africa.
 The Man Inside is a 1958 British crime adventure film brought to the screen by Warwick Film Productions. The screenplay from David Shaw was based on a novel by M.E.Chaber and was directed by John Gilling. The film was Bonar Colleano's last role before he died in a car accident.
 Martial Law 2: Undercover (also known as Karate Cop and Martial Law II) is a 1991 martial arts film written by Richard Brandes and Jiles Fitzgerald produced by Steve Cohen directed by Kurt Anderson and stars Jeff Wincott Cynthia Rothrock Paul Johansson L. Charles Taylor Sherrie Rose and Billy Drago. It is also the sequel to the 1990 film Martial Law.
 Minstrel Man is a 1944 American film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and produced by Producers Releasing Corporation. It was nominated for two Academy Awards (Best Original Song and Best Original Score).Production began in late 1943. Director Lewis was drafted during production; he was replaced briefly by Edgar G. Ulmer. The studio shut the film down until the scheduling conflicts of cast and crew could be resolved. Lewis was released from the army in March 1944 and completed the film.
 Kayıp Armağan (English: The Lost Gift) is a 2010 Turkish animated fantasy film directed by Kerem S. Hünal and written by Cemal Hünal. This film's storyline and the characters have been influenced by actual historical events yet it consists of fictional characters events and environments.
 Sábado de mierda (Saturday of Shit) is a 1988 Mexican film by Gregorio Rocha and his then-partner Sarah Minter shot between 1985-1987. The film is one of four independent films of the 1985-1991 period focusing on the lives of punk gangs in the Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl (Neza York) suburb of Mexico City. The specific gang was a group known as Mierdas Punks (Shit Punks) who were also featured in the documentaries Nadie es inocente (also by Minter) and La neta no hay futuro by Andrea Gentile.
 Mannequin is a 1933 British film.
 American Psycho is a 2000 American cult psychological thriller black comedy film directed by Mary Harron based on Bret Easton Ellis's novel of the same name. It stars Christian Bale Willem Dafoe Jared Leto Josh Lucas Samantha Mathis Chloë Sevigny Cara Seymour Justin Theroux and Reese Witherspoon. It debuted at the Sundance Film Festival on April 14 2000.
 Camera de Afrique Is a 1983 documentary.
 Her Friend the Bandit (1914) is an American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring Charles Chaplin and Mabel Normand both of whom co-directed the movie. This and A Woman of the Sea are Chaplin's lost films as no copy is known to exist.Reviews of the film from 1914 include the following:From the Lexington Herald in Lexington Kentucky (June 7 1914): 'Her Friend the Bandit' Keystone.
 Dil Tera Aashiq (English: Heart is crazy for you) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Lawrence D'Souza. The film stars Salman Khan and Madhuri Dixit in pivotal roles. The film premiered on 5 October 1993.
 Cinema Aspirins and Vultures (Portuguese: Cinema Aspirinas e Urubus) is a 2005 Brazilian film directed by Marcelo Gomes. It was Brazil's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 Blood Feud (Italian: Fatto di sangue fra due uomini per causa di una vedova si sospettano moventi politici and also known as Revenge) is a 1978 Italian thriller film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 Vila Kuranja Manushyan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 Kato hayabusa sento-tai (加藤隼戦闘隊) aka Colonel Tateo Katō's Flying Squadron (64th Sentai) and aka Colonel Kato's Falcon Squadron is a 1944 black and white Japanese film directed by Kajiro Yamamoto.It is a war film and there are special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya.
 The Floating Dutchman is a 1952 British crime film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Dermot Walsh Sydney Tafler and Mary Germaine. It was known as 'Clue for a Corpse' on U.S. TV. The film was an early product of Merton Park Studios a British company best known for its Edgar Wallace Mysteries of the 1960s. Its plot involves Dermot Walsh as a Scotland Yard detective who goes undercover amongst jewel thieves after a dead Dutchman is found floating in the river.
 Pikyaw is a 2014 Filipino animated adventure film produced by Multimedia Arts & Graphics Ensemble (MAGE) Inc. and directed by Arnold Fuentes PIKYAW was the first feature-length animated film dubbed in Hiligaynon and created by artists from Iloilo City Iloilo and the first film produced by MAGE Inc.
 Miranda (also known as The Mistress of the Inn) is a 1985 Italian erotic drama film directed by Tinto Brass. It is loosely based on the three-act comedy La locandiera by Carlo Goldoni.
 Super Girls! (Chinese: 超级女生; pinyin: chāo jí nǚ shēng) directed by Jian Yi is a 2007 independent Chinese documentary that follows 10 female teenagers on their quest to become instant superstars on China’s biggest television show. The Chinese equivalent of American Idol the Super Girls Singing Contest spawned an unprecedented pop culture phenomenon.
 Zohi Sdom (Hebrew: זוהי סדום‎ lit. This is Sodom) is an Israeli comedy feature film released on August 5 2010. It was conceived and created by the team behind the television programme Eretz Nehederet and directed by Muli Segev and Adam Sanderson. According to official figures the movie was the most-watched Israeli film in the 25 years preceding it with over half a million local tickets sold.The film is a comical depiction of the Biblical story of Sodom and Gomorrah.
 Jangal Mein Mangal is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Rajendra Bhatia. The film stars Kiran Kumar and Reena Roy .
 Love Is in the Air (French: Ma vie en l'air) is a 2006 French comedy film directed by Rémi Bezançon.
 Mars Needs Women is an American International Pictures science fiction film made for TV by schlock artist/auteur Larry Buchanan was filmed in 1966 and released in 1967. The film features Tommy Kirk Yvonne Craig and Byron Lord. It was shot during a two-week period in Richardson and Dallas Texas but portrayed as Houston Texas.
 Father and Son (Russian: Отец и сын translit. Otets i syn) is a 2003 Russian drama film directed by Alexander Sokurov. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chinese Adventures in China (French: Les Tribulations d'un Chinois en Chine) is a 1965 French adventure comedy film starring Jean Paul Belmondo and Ursula Andress. It was directed by Philippe de Broca and written by Daniel Boulanger loosely based on the 1879 novel Tribulations of a Chinaman in China by Jules Verne.
 Second Best is a 1993 film produced by Sarah Radclyffe and directed by Chris Menges. It closely follows the 1991 novel of the same name by David Cook who also wrote the screenplay.
 The Naked Street is a 1955 American crime film noir directed by Maxwell Shane. The drama features Farley Granger Anthony Quinn and Anne Bancroft.
 The Mommy Returns is a 2012 Filipino family comedy-horror movie produced by Regal Films. It was released in Philippine cinemas on May 11 2012.
 Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise) is a 1931 film starring Greta Garbo and Clark Gable. The film was made by MGM and was directed and produced by Robert Z. Leonard. This was the only film in which Greta Garbo was paired with Clark Gable. The notoriety of the novel alone was enough for British censors to ban it from release. With a few cuts it was finally approved in the UK with a new title: The Rise of Helga.
 In nome del popolo sovrano (In the name of the Sovereign People) is a 1990 Italian historical comedy-drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni. It won the David di Donatello for best costumes.
 Fish n' Chips is a 2011 Cypriot drama film directed by Elias Demetriou.
 Make Haste to Live is a 1954 American suspense film released by Republic Pictures.
 Enter Nowhere is a 2011 psychological thriller film directed by Jack Heller and starring Scott Eastwood Sara Paxton and Katherine Waterson.
 The Ugly Dachshund is a 1966 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette in a story about a Great Dane who believes he's a dachshund. Based on a 1938 novel by Gladys Bronwyn Stern the film was written by Albert Aley and directed by Norman Tokar. The Ugly Dachshund was one of several light-hearted comedies produced by the Disney Studios during the 1960s.
 The Corporation is a 2003 Canadian documentary film written by University of British Columbia law professor Joel Bakan and directed by Mark Achbar and Jennifer Abbott. The documentary examines the modern-day corporation. Bakan wrote the book The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power during the filming of the documentary.
 Winterurlaub mit dem FDGB is an East German film. It was released in 1953.
 Io e Caterina (internationally released as Catherine and I) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Alberto Sordi.For his performance Alberto Sordi was awarded with a Globo d'oro for best actor.
 Looking for Alexander is a French Canadian drama film. It was directed and written by Francis Leclerc. Marcel Beaulieu also wrote the script. The French title is Mémoires affectives.
 My Favorite Season (French: Ma saison préférée) is a 1993 French drama film directed by André Téchiné and starring Catherine Deneuve Daniel Auteuil and Marthe Villalonga. The story concerns two middle age siblings a brother and sister who resume their fragile relationship when they are forced to care for their ailing mother. It won the award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 1996 Boston Society of Film Critics Awards.
 Villon's Wife (ヴィヨンの妻 〜桜桃とタンポポ〜 Viyon No Tsuma - ōtō to tanpopo) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Kichitaro Negishi.
 Forever Mine is a 1999 British–Canadian romantic drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader and starring Joseph Fiennes Gretchen Mol and Ray Liotta.
 The Delicious Little Devil is a 1919 American silent comedy-drama film starring Mae Murray and Rudolph Valentino. A 35 mm print of the film is housed at the EYE Film Instituut Nederland. Nederlands Filmmuseum.
 Chess Moves is a 1985 music video compilation for the musical Chess directed by David G. Hillier.
 Tu ten kámen (full name:Tu ten kámen aneb Kterak láskou mozno v mziku vzplanout treba k neboztíku) is a 1923 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karl Anton.
 Doctor Innocent aanu is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film directed by Ajmal starring Innocent and Sona Nair the lead roles.
 Contraband is a lost 1925 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Alan Crosland directed and Lois Wilson stars. The film is taken from a novel Contraband by Charles Buddington Kelland.
 Nocna zmiana is a 1995 Polish documentary film about the overthrow of Olszewski's government. It was directed by Michał Balcerzak.
 Festival panafricain d’Alger 1969 is a 1969 documentary film.
 Space Men (released in the USA as Assignment Outer Space) is a 1960 science fiction film starring Rik Van Nutter and directed by Antonio Margheriti. It follows an assignment by Interplanetary News reporter Ray Peterson aboard a space station in the 21st century.
 Superegos (German: Über-Ich und Du) is a 2014 German drama film directed by Benjamin Heisenberg. The film had its premiere in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Grant Morrison: Talking with Gods is a feature-length documentary that takes an in depth look at the life career and mind of the Scottish comic book writer Grant Morrison. Talking with Gods features interviews with Morrison and many his most collaborators such as artists editors and other industry professionals.
 All's Well Ends Well 2011 is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Chan Hing-ka and Janet Chun. It is the sixth installment in the All's Well Ends Well film series was released on 2 February 2011.
 I Killed Wild Bill Hickok is a 1956 American film directed by Richard Talmadge. It is an entirely fictional account of Wild Bill Hickok (Tom Brown) who is the villain of the film. The film was produced and written by *Johnny Carpenter who also stars and narrates under the name John Forbes. The film is the second of two films produced by The Wheeler Company.
 A Bill of Divorcement is a 1940 film directed by John Farrow. It was also known as Never to Love and was based on a play that was filmed in 1932 with Katharine Hepburn.
 The Winning Goal is a 1920 British silent sports film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Harold Walden Maudie Dunham and Tom Reynolds. It was based on the play The Game by Harold Brighouse. It was set in Lancashire against a backdrop of the fictional Association football team Blackton Rovers. The Chelsea player Jack Cock appeared as himself in the film.
 The Babymakers is a 2012 comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar and starring Paul Schneider Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan. Chandrasekhar and Heffernan are both members of Broken Lizard. The film received a limited release on August 3 2012 in theaters and on video on demand services. It received a DVD and Blu-ray release September 18 2012.
 Ingredients: The Local Food Movement Takes Root is a 2009 documentary film about the shortcomings of America's industrialized food system against a rising local food movement whose proponents are shrinking the gap between farmland and dinner table.
 Jazz Heaven is an American romantic comedy directed by Melville Brown and written by Myles Connolly and J. Walter Ruben based on a story by Pauline Forney and Dudley Murphy. It was moderately successful for RKO Pictures. It was released in both sound and silent versions.
 The Man from Utah is a 1934 Western movie starring John Wayne Polly Ann Young (sister of Loretta Young) Lafe McKee Edward Peil Sr. and stuntman–actor Yakima Canutt. The film was written by Lindsley Parsons and directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Dragones: destino de fuego (Known as its English title as: Dragons: Destiny of Fire) is a Peru CGI animated film produced by: Ana María Roca-Rey and animated and distributed by: Alpamayo Entertainment.
 The Kreutzer Sonata is a 2008 film directed by Bernard Rose based on an eponymous novella by Leo Tolstoy.It is Rose's second collaboration with Danny Huston (after Ivans XTC) and his third adaptation of a work by Leo Tolstoy following 1997's Anna Karenina and 2003's Ivans XTC.The Kreutzer Sonata is the name commonly given to Ludwig van Beethoven's Violin Sonata no. 9 in A major.
 Liliomfi is a 1954 Hungarian comedy film directed by Károly Makk. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Thundering Mantis (Chinese: 癲螳螂) (Also known as Mantis Fist Fighter in USA) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Teddy Yip starring Bryan Leung Cheng Feng and Eddy Ko Hung.
 Il carniere (also known as The Game Bag) is a 1997 Italian war drama film directed by Maurizio Zaccaro.For his performance Leo Gullotta won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor.
 Byari is a 2011 Indian film in Beary language Directed by Suveeran. It is the first feature film to be made in this language. The film was screened at various film festivals where it won rave reviews. It released in theatres in Dakshin Kannada region on 9 June 2011.Byari won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film while Malayalam actress Mallika got a special mention from the National Film Award jury for her performance in the film.
 The Treasurer's Report (1928) is a comedy sketch made into a short film written and performed by Robert Benchley. The film made in the then-new Fox Movietone documents an assistant treasurer of an organization struggling to present its yearly report. This was the first of Benchley's 46 comedy short films with six made for Fox one each for Universal Pictures and RKO Radio Pictures 29 for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and nine for Paramount Pictures.
 The Silent Raid (Dutch: De Overval) is a 1962 Dutch war film directed by Paul Rotha. It shows a true story from World War II: the raid on Leeuwarden prison of December 8 1944. Without firing a shot Dutch resistance members disguised as German SD and their prisoners enter the prison free 39 prisoners and vanish into the city. The Germans were unable to find any of the organizers or escapees.It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 LOC Kargil is a 2003 Hindi war film based on the Kargil War fought between India and Pakistan directed and written by J. P. Dutta. It showcases a large number of Bollywood stars. Upon release LOC received a mixed response critically and commercially. With a running time of 255 minutes it is one of the longest Indian films ever made and fifth in terms of running time.The film is based on the 1999 Operation Vijay and Battle of Tololing around the Line of control.
 Vadacurry is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy-thriller film written and directed by debutant Saravana Rajan a former associate of Venkat Prabhu. The film stars Jai and Swati Reddy in the lead and is produced by Dayanidhi Azhagiri's Meeka Entertainment. Sunny Leone made her Tamil debut with this film after having a special appearance in a song. The film will have cinematography by Venkatesh who had earlier assisted Velraj and the technical crew includes editing by Praveen K. L. and N. B.
 Alien Nation is a 1988 American science fiction film directed by Graham Baker. The ensemble cast features James Caan Mandy Patinkin and Terence Stamp. The film depicts the assimilation of the Newcomers an alien race settling in Los Angeles much to the dismay of the local population.
 Cho Kamen Rider Den-O & Decade Neo Generations The Movie: The Onigashima Warship (劇場版 超・仮面ライダー電王＆ディケイド ＮＥＯ ジェネレーションズ 鬼ヶ島の戦艦 Gekijōban Chō-Kamen Raidā Den'ō ando Dikeido Neo Jenerēshonzu Onigashima no Senkan Super Masked Rider Den-O & Decade Neo Generations The Movie: The Onigashima Warship) is the fourth film adaptation of the popular Kamen Rider Series Kamen Rider Den-O following Kamen Rider Den-O: I'm Born! Kamen Rider Den-O & Kiva: Climax Deka and Saraba Kamen Rider Den-O: Final Countdown. 
 Your Mommy Kills Animals is an American 2007 documentary film written and directed by Curt Johnson. Filmed in several locations across the United States the film is about the animal liberation movement and takes its name from a 2003 PETA comic book of the same name.
 War and Peace (Russian: Война́ и мир trans. Voyna i mir) is a Soviet film adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace released in four parts during 1966 and 1967.
 The Settlement is a 1999 film directed by Mark Steilen. It stars John C. Reilly and William Fichtner.
 Streetheart (Le coeur au poing) is a 1998 film that was awarded the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1998. It was directed by French Canadian director Charles Binamé.
 The Extra Day is a 1956 British comedy film starring Richard Basehart Simone Simon George Baker and Sid James.
 Max Wants a Divorce is a 1917 American short film directed by Max Linder.
 Deathsport is a 1978 science fiction B-movie produced by Roger Corman directed by Allan Arkush and Nicholas Niciphor. The film stars David Carradine and Playboy Playmate Claudia Jennings. It would also be one of Jennings' final movies before her death.
 Lost Freedom (Turkish: Kayıp Özgürlük) is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Umur Hozatlı about the relationship between the sister of a detained terror suspect and the son of the Turkish gendarmerie chief who has detained him. The film premiered out-of-competition at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival and was screened in-competition at the 22nd Ankara International Film Festival.
 Gaana Bajaana is a 2010 Kannada comedy film directed by Prashant Raj of Love Guru fame. It stars Tarun Chandra Radhika Pandit and Dileep Raj. The film includes music by Joshua Sridhar and camera work by Shekar. The film was produced by Naveen.[citation needed]
 Pava Mannippu (English: Clemency) is a 1961 Indian Tamil language film produced by A. Bhimsingh's Buddha Pictues and starring Shivaji Ganesan Gemini Ganesan Savitri Devika M. R. Radha T. S. Balaiah M. N. Nambiar and S. V. Subbiah The film was the first South Indian film to receive the National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film.
 Too Much Romance... It's Time for Stuffed Peppers (Italian: Peperoni ripieni e pesci in faccia) is a 2004 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 A New Romance of Celluloid: The Miracle of Sound is a 1940 short documentary film presented and directed by MGM sound engineer Douglas Shearer and narrated by Frank Whitbeck which goes behind the scenes to look at how the sound portion of a talking picture is created. The film which was produced as part of the studio's Romance of Celluloid series is available as a bonus on the Warner DVD of The Shop Around the Corner.
 Maria My Darling is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Volver (Spanish pronunciation: [bolˈβer] meaning to go back) is a 2006 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. Headed by actress Penélope Cruz the film features an ensemble cast also starring Carmen Maura Lola Dueñas Blanca Portillo Yohana Cobo and Chus Lampreave. Revolving around an eccentric family of women from a wind-swept region south of Madrid Cruz plays Raimunda a working-class woman forced to go to great lengths to protect her 14-year-old daughter Paula.
 Encounter: The Killing is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Ajay Phansekar. It stars Naseeruddin Shah Dilip Prabhavalkar and Tara Deshpande in pivotal roles.
 Midnight's Children is a 2012 British-Canadian film adaptation of Salman Rushdie's 1981 novel of the same name. The film features an ensemble cast of Satya Bhabha Shriya Saran Siddharth Narayan Ronit Roy Anupam Kher Shabana Azmi Seema Biswas Shahana Goswami Samrat Chakrabarti Rahul Bose Soha Ali Khan Anita Majumdar and Darsheel Safary.
 A Place in the Sun is a 1951 American drama film loosely based on the 1925 novel An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser and the play also titled An American Tragedy. It tells the story of a working-class young man who is entangled with two women; one who works in his wealthy uncle's factory and the other a beautiful socialite.
 High is a film released in 1967 directed by Larry Kent and starring Lanny Beckman Astri Thorvik Peter Mathews Joyce Cay and Denis Payne.
 The Utah Trail is a 1938 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 Mannat (Eng: Wish) is a Punjabi Film directed by Gurbir Singh Grewal. This movie is produced by famous Bollywood producer Anuradha Prasad. Film is distributed by B.A.G. Films.It was released in October 2006. It stars Jimmy Shergill Kulraj Randhawa Manav Vij and Kanwaljit Singh. It was debut film of Kulraj Randhawa a famous TV actress and it is the second Punjabi Film of Jimmy Shergill after Yaaran naal baharan.
 Land of Plenty is a 2004 drama film directed by Wim Wenders starring Michelle Williams and John Diehl. The title of the film comes from the song The Land of Plenty from the album Ten New Songs written by Leonard Cohen and Sharon Robinson which was used in the movie.
 Wild Hogs is a 2007 comedy outlaw biker road movie directed by Walt Becker and starring Tim Allen John Travolta Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy. It was released nationwide in the United States and Canada on March 2 2007.
 Gaslight is an American 1944 mystery-thriller film adapted from Patrick Hamilton's 1938 play Gas Light. It was the second version to be filmed following the British film Gaslight directed by Thorold Dickinson and released in in 1940. This 1944 version was directed by George Cukor and starred Ingrid Bergman Charles Boyer Joseph Cotten and 18-year-old Angela Lansbury in her screen debut. It had a larger scale and budget than the earlier film and lends a different feel to the material.
 Soldier is a 1998 American science fiction action film directed by Paul Anderson written by David Webb Peoples and starring Kurt Russell Jason Scott Lee Jason Isaacs Connie Nielsen and Sean Pertwee. The film was released in the United States on October 23 1998. This was Jason Scott Lee's last theatrical release film until 2007's Balls of Fury.
 Se souvenir des belles choses (English: Beautiful Memories is a 2001 French film directed by Zabou Breitman. It won the César Awards for Best Debut Best Actress and Best Supporting Actor and was nominated for Best Actor. Also the French Syndicate of Cinema Critics named it best debut film.
 The White Countess is a 2005 drama film directed by James Ivory. The screenplay by Kazuo Ishiguro focuses on a disparate group of displaced persons attempting to survive in Shanghai in the late 1930s.
 Bláznova kronika (literally A Jester's Tale) is a 1964 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman. Described by Zeman as a pseudo-historical film it is an anti-war black comedy set during the Thirty Years' War. The film combines live action with animation to suggest the artistic style of the engraver Matthäus Merian.The film was a notable success at the 1964 San Francisco International Film Festival winning Best Picture and Best Director.
 The Innocents (Spanish: Los inocentes) is a 1963 Argentine-Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime-thriller-drama film written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron and directed by Michael Rymer and starring Omar Epps LL Cool J Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long.
 The Quicksands is a 1914 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne.
 Poseidon /pəˈsaɪdən/ is a 2006 disaster film produced and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is the third film adaptation of Paul Gallico's novel The Poseidon Adventure and a loose remake of the 1972 film of the same name. It stars Josh Lucas Kurt Russell and Richard Dreyfuss. It was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures in association with Virtual Studios. The film had a simultaneous release in the IMAX format.
 Kutumba is a 2003 Kannada Action film starring Upendra and Natanya Singh. The film was directed by Naganna and produced by Shailendra Babu. Music for the film was scored by Gurukiran. It is the first among a series of successful films under Upendra - Naganna combination. The film also starred Ashok Gurukiran Advani Lakshmi Devi Shwetha in supporting roles and B.C. Patil and Sathya Raj played the negative roles. The film is a remake of the 1992 Tollywood film Gang Leader starring Chiranjeevi.
 Christmas in Love is a 2004 film starring Christian De Sica Danny De Vito Massimo Boldi Cristiana Capotondi and Ronn Moss. The film was directed by Neri Parenti.The film was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 63rd Golden Globe Awards.
 L'amore impossibilie is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Morgen is a 2010 Romanian drama film written and directed by Marian Crișan a low-key satire that takes a droll approach to the serious subject of illegal immigration.
 Sleeper is an action horror film shot in Australia in 2008 by writer-director Dru Brown and producer Judd Tilyard. It features The Lord of the Rings actor Bruce Hopkins and professional wrestler Scott Raven Levy best known for his stunts in WCW ECW WWE TNA and ROH .
 Mack at It Again is a 1914 short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett. Mack Sennett also directed the film. The picture was produced by Sennett's Keystone Film Company and distributed by Mutual Film.
 Occupant is a 2011 American thriller film featuring Van Hansis as Danny a young New Yorker about to inherit an old apartment. It was written by Jonathan Brett and directed by Henry S. Miller and shot in New York City USA. It also stars Cody Horn and Thorsten Kaye.The film premiered on the opening night of the Gotham Screen Film Festival & Screenplay Contest on October 14 2011 in New York City.
 The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American drama film directed by Frank Capra and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Nils Asther. Based on the 1930 novel The Bitter Tea of General Yen by Grace Zaring Stone this Pre-Code film is about a beautiful American missionary in Shanghai during the Chinese Civil War who gets caught in a battle while trying to save a group of orphans. Knocked unconscious she is saved by a Chinese general warlord who brings her to his palace.
 Blood and Sand is a 1922 American silent drama film produced by Paramount Pictures directed by Fred Niblo and starring Rudolph Valentino Lila Lee and Nita Naldi. The film was based on the Spanish 1909 novel Blood and Sand (Sangre y arena) by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez.
 Supernatural is a 1933 horror film directed by Victor Halperin. The film is about Roma Courtenay (Carole Lombard) who attends a staged seance but finds herself suddenly possessed by the spirit of the executed murderer Ruth Roge. Supernatural was the followup to Halperin's White Zombie and uses many members of the crew from that film in its production. Trouble grew on the set between Carole Lombard and the director as Lombard felt she was more suited for comedy films.
 The Cole Nobody Knows is a documentary film about musician Freddy Cole the younger brother of Eddie Cole Ike Cole & Nat King Cole.The film tells Mr. Cole’s story through interviews with musicians Monty Alexander Nancy Wilson David “Fathead” Newman John di Martino H Johnson and Carl Anthony.
 Bona is a 1980 Metro Manila Film Festival entry. The character of Bona was played by acclaimed actress Nora Aunor and the film was directed by Lino Brocka.Bona was shown at the 1981 Cannes International Filmfest as an entry to the Director's Fortnight which marked Lino Brocka's second appearance at the said Film Festival. Bona gave Nora Aunor her second Gawad Urian best actress trophy.
 Maine Dil Tujhko Diya (English: I gave my heart to you) is a 2002 Bollywood musical romantic drama film directed by and starring Sohail Khan who makes his acting debut along with another debuatant Sameera Reddy. The film also features Sanjay Dutt Kabir Bedi and Dalip Tahil in supporting roles.
 Fate Is the Hunter is a 1964 film about the crash of an airliner and the subsequent investigation: it was directed by Ralph Nelson and released by 20th Century Fox. It was nominally based on the bestselling 1961 novel Fate Is the Hunter by Ernest K. Gann but the author was so disappointed with the result that he asked to have his name removed from the credits.
 Midnight Ramble is a 1994 documentary about the early history of Black American movies from the period between 1910 and 1950. Known as race movies these films traditionally independent of Hollywood where made primarily by for and about the Black Community. This documentary is a tribute to a film genre that lasted for more than forty years produced over 500 movies and created a foundation for contemporary films from directors such as Spike Lee and Tyler Perry.
 Mice and Men is a lost 1916 silent film romance directed by J. Searle Dawley and starring Marguerite Clark. It is based on a 1903 Broadway play Mice and Men by Madeleine Lucette Ryley.
 Dinocroc vs. Supergator is a 2010 television film that premiered on Syfy on June 26 2010. This is one of David Carradine's final performances. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on July 12 2011.
 Da grande is a 1987 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Franco Amurri starring Renato Pozzetto Ottavia Piccolo and Alessandro Haber.Da grande is one of the coming-of-age comedies that were released in the late 1980s and was the inspiration to Big the 1988 international blockbuster directed by Penny Marshall and starring Tom Hanks.
 Sanjog is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 White Corridors is a 1951 British drama film directed by Pat Jackson and based on a novel by Helen Ashton. It starred Googie Withers Godfrey Tearle James Donald and Petula Clark. The film is set in a hospital shortly after the establishment of the National Health Service.
 All the Love You Cannes! is a 2002 documentary film directed by Lloyd KaufmanThe film documents Troma Entertainment's annual pilgrimage to the Cannes Film Festival in order to take on what they describe as the elitist media conglomerates and features interviews with Quentin Tarantino and Claude Chabrol. Troma are currently working on a follow-up to this movie entitled Occupy Cannes.
 Getting Played is a 2005 television film directed by David Silberg starring Vivica A. Fox Bill Bellamy Carmen Electra and Stacey Dash. The film is about three beautiful women who decide on a bet to select and seduce a total stranger.
 Freddie as F.R.O.7 (released in North America as Freddie the Frog) is a 1992 British animated musical action fantasy film written and directed by Jon Acevski. It is a parody of James Bond. The film was inspired by bedtime stories Acevski told to his son about his favourite toy frog working as a secret agent.[citation needed]
 Intruder is a 1997 Hong Kong crime thriller film written and directed by Tsang Kan Cheung and starring Jacklyn Wu Wayne Lai and Moses Chan. The film was rated Category III by the Hong Kong motion picture rating system.
 Hercules the Avenger or La sfida dei giganti is a 1965 Italian adventure film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.
 Maradona - La mano de Dios internationally released as Maradona the Hand of God is a 2007 Italian-Argentine biographical film directed by Marco Risi. It is based on real life events of footballer Diego Maradona.
 Gore Vidal's Billy the Kid also known as Billy the Kid is a 1989 American western film about famed gunman Billy the Kid.One of many depicting the events surrounding the outlaw during his participation in the Lincoln County War this film though little known has routinely been described as the most historically accurate version to date. Written by Gore Vidal and directed by William A.
 The Mind of Mr. Soames (1970) is a British film directed by Alan Cooke and starring Terence Stamp Robert Vaughn and Nigel Davenport.Based on Charles Eric Maine's 1961 novel of the same name it tells the story of a thirty-year-old man (John Soames) who has been in a coma since a brain injury during birth. Now revived he shows the behavior of a child and is monitored by two doctors attempting to find out if he can be rehabilitated in the adult world.
 Conquest (also called Marie Walewska) is a 1937 film which tells the story of the Polish Countess Marie Walewska who becomes the mistress of Napoleon in order to influence his actions towards her homeland. It stars Greta Garbo Charles Boyer Reginald Owen Alan Marshal Henry Stephenson Leif Erickson Dame May Whitty George Zucco and Maria Ouspenskaya.The movie was adapted by S. N.
 Highway is a 1995 Malayalam action thriller film directed by Jayaraaj written by Sab John story by Jayaraaj and produced by Prem Prakash.
 The Perfect Son is a Canadian drama film released in 2000.Written and directed by Leonard Farlinger the film centres on Ryan (Colm Feore) and Theo (David Cubitt) Taylor estranged brothers reunited by their father's death. Growing up Ryan was the perfect son and Theo was the black sheep who struggled with drug addiction.
 Come Rain or Shine is a 1992 Australian film about a man who becomes obsessed with a mysterious woman.
 Step Up is a 2006 American romantic dance film directed by Anne Fletcher starring Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan.Set in Baltimore Maryland the film follows the tale of the disadvantaged Tyler Gage (Channing Tatum) and the privileged modern dancer Nora Clark (Jenna Dewan) who find themselves paired up in a showcase that determines both of their futures.
 Thoonga Nagaram (Tamil: தூங்கா நகரம்; English: The city that never sleeps) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language gangster - drama film written and directed by debutant Gaurav Narayanan starring himself along with Vimal Bharani Nishanth and Anjali in the lead roles. The film produced by Dhayanidhi Alagiri's Cloud Nine Movies was shot entirely in Madurai the city where the story takes place and which the title refers to.
 Momentum was the first film shot and released in the IMAX HD film format which ran at 48 frames per second and was also one of the first films to use Ambisonic surround sound. The film was produced for the Canada pavilion at Seville Expo '92 by National Film Board of Canada by the same creative team that made the 1986 3D IMAX film Transitions for Expo 86.
 Mahakavi Kshetrayya (Telugu: మహాకవి క్షేత్రయ్య) is a 1976 Telugu film based on the life of Kshetrayya. It is produced by Anjali Pictures and stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi. The film's songs were voiced by V. Ramakrishna and the music score was provided by P. Adinarayana Rao.
 The Captive is a 1915 American silent romantic war drama film written and directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Blanche Sweet. The film was thought to be lost but was rediscovered in 1970 among the films stored in the Paramount Pictures vault. The film is now preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Polvere di stelle (Stardust) is a 1973 Italian film which was directed by Alberto Sordi. It was starred by Alberto Sordi and Monica Vitti.
 RoboCop 3 is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Fred Dekker and written by Frank Miller. Set in the near future in a dystopian metropolitan Detroit Michigan RoboCop 3 follows RoboCop (Robert John Burke) as he vows to avenge the death of his partner Anne Lewis (Nancy Allen) and tries to save Detroit from falling into chaos. It was filmed in Atlanta Georgia. Most of the buildings seen in the film were slated for demolition to make way for facilities for the 1996 Olympics.
 Tarzan and the Huntress (1947) is an adventure film starring Johnny Weissmuller in his eleventh outing as Tarzan. Brenda Joyce makes the third of five appearances as Jane and Johnny Sheffield marks his eighth and final appearance as Boy. Patricia Morison and Barton MacLane co-star. The film was produced by Sol Lesser and Kurt Neumann written by Jerry Gruskin and Rowland Leigh (based on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by Kurt Neumann.
 55 Days at Peking is a 1963 historical epic film starring Charlton Heston Ava Gardner and David Niven made by Samuel Bronston Productions and released by Allied Artists. The movie was produced by Samuel Bronston and directed by Nicholas Ray Andrew Marton (credited as second unit director) and Guy Green (uncredited).
 Thangaikku Oru Thalattu (English: A Lullaby To Sister) is a 1990 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Madhangan. The film features Arjun Sarja and Seetha in lead roles. The film produced by P. Ramakrishnan had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 23 November 1990.
 The Door That Has No Key is a 1921 silent British drama film directed by Frank Hall Crane. The film is considered to be lost.
 Trial at Fortitude Bay is a TV movie released in 1994 and directed by Victor Sarin. It stars Henry Czerny Raoul Trujillo and Lolita Davidovich. Davidovitch plays Giana Antonelli an attorney assigned to defend an Inuit youth from charges of sexual assault against a minor. The boy Paloosie (played by Paul Gordon) asserts that he has not committed a crime and the village elders believe that he has already made up for it.
 Nightmare Circus (aka The Barn of the Naked Dead or Terror Circus) is a 1974 film directed by Alan Rudolph (under the pseudonym of Gerald Cormier) and co-written by him and Roman Valenti.
 Bharanakoodam is a 1994 Malayalam film written and directed by Sunil. The film was produced by V. Varghese under the banner of Surya Creators and distributed by Star Plus Release. It stars Babu Antony and Geetha in the lead roles.
 Diplomaniacs is a 1933 film starring Wheeler and Woolsey. The film in noted for its absurdist political satire somewhat in the manner of Million Dollar Legs or Duck Soup both of which were released within a year of Diplomaniacs.
 Animalympics is a 1980 animated film produced by Lisberger Studios and released by Warner Bros.. It is one of the first animated feature films presented with Dolby sound. Originally commissioned by the NBC network as two separate specials it spoofs the Summer and Winter Olympic Games and features the voices of Billy Crystal Gilda Radner Harry Shearer and Michael Fremer.
 Fool's Mate (French: Le coup du berger) is a twenty-eight minute short film directed by Jacques Rivette. It stars Virginie Vitry as a wife cheating on her husband (Jean-Claude Brialy).
 Hell Night is a 1981 American independent horror film directed by Tom DeSimone written by Randy Feldman and starring Linda Blair. The film depicts a night of fraternity hazing (hell night) set in an old manor during which a deformed maniac terrorizes and murders many of the college students.
 Two-Minute Warning is a 1976 disaster film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Charlton Heston John Cassavetes Martin Balsam Beau Bridges Jack Klugman Gena Rowlands and David Janssen. It was based on the novel of the same name written by George La Fountaine Sr. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
 Playtime (sometimes written PlayTime or Play Time) is French director Jacques Tati's fourth major film and generally considered to be his most daring film. It was shot from 1964 through 1967 and released in 1967. In Playtime Tati again plays Monsieur Hulot a character who had appeared in some of his earlier films including Mon Oncle and Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot.
 East West East: The Final Sprint (Albanian: Lindje Perëndim Lindje) is an Albanian comedy film directed by Gjergj Xhuvani. It goes about an amateur cycling team from Albania heads to France to take part in a tournament only to discover on the way that revolution has broken out in Albania.
 A Roman Scandal is a short silent American comedy film starring Colleen Moore and directed by Al Christie.
 Princess Clementina is a 1911 silent film directed and produced by William G.B. Barker.
 Amiri Garibi is a 1990 Hindi family Drama film directed by Harmesh Malhotra and produced by Pradeep Sharma. The film features JeetendraRekhaRishi Kapoor and more ensemble cast.The Dialogues are written by Achala Nagar while action director's were Jai Singh and Veeru Devgan.
 The Truce (Spanish: La tregua) is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Sergio Renán and co-written with Aída Bortnik based on the eponymous novel by Mario Benedetti. It was the first Argentine film to be nominated for an Academy Award (the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film).
 Bluff Master is a Bollywood movie released in 1963 starring Shammi Kapoor Saira Banu Pran and Lalita Pawar. The film was directed by Manmohan Desai.
 Zameen (Devnagari: ज़मीन English: Land) is a 2003 Indian Hindi action thrillerfilm directed by Rohit Shetty in his directional debut and starring Ajay Devgan Abhishek Bachchan and Bipasha Basu in the lead roles.
 Loose Cannons is a 1990 comedy film written by Richard Matheson Richard Christian Matheson and Bob Clark who also directed the film. The film is about a hard-nosed cop who is teamed up with a detective with multiple-personality disorder to uncover a long-lost Nazi sex tape featuring Adolf Hitler which would jeopardize the political future of the German chancellor-elect.The film stars Dan Aykroyd Gene Hackman and Nancy Travis. The theme song features vocals by Katey Sagal and Aykroyd.
 Rio turbio is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Wehner.
 Frozen is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 53rd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series.
 The Phantom Riders is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the sixth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. The film's title is the name of a family of superheroes who are forced to hide their powers and live a quiet suburban life. Mr.
 All Dogs Go to Heaven 2 is a 1996 Animated musical adventure film and a sequel to Goldcrest Films' 1989 animated film All Dogs Go to Heaven. Produced by MGM Animation It is directed by Larry Leker and Paul Sabella. Dom DeLuise reprises his role from the first film while Burt Reynolds Vic Tayback and Melba Moore are replaced by Charlie Sheen Ernest Borgnine and Bebe Neuwirth respectively.
 Il Romanzo della mia vita is a 1952 Italian film.
 Muppet Classic Theater is a direct-to-video film featuring The Muppets that was released on September 27 1994. It has never been on DVD.
 The Weight of Chains is a 2010 Canadian documentary film directed by Boris Malagurski which analyzes the role that the United States NATO and the European Union played in the breakup of Yugoslavia. It was released on December 17 2010. As of 2012 the film is distributed by Journeyman Pictures.
 Tickle Me is a 1965 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a champion rodeo bull-rider and bronco-buster.Presley won a 1966 Golden Laurel Award as best male actor in a musical film for this role.
 The Evil One is a 2005 direct-to-video horror film directed by Parris Reaves and stars Saadiqa Teara Hill Willborn and Eric Lane.
 The Spoils of Babylon is an American comedy miniseries written by Matt Piedmont and Andrew Steele directed by Piedmont and starring Tobey Maguire Kristen Wiig Tim Robbins Jessica Alba Val Kilmer Haley Joel Osment Michael Sheen and Will Ferrell. It is intended to be a spoof of the epic-scale TV event miniseries adapted from bestselling novels (such as The Thorn Birds and Rich Man Poor Man) prevalent on American network television in the 1970s and 80s.
 The Day He Arrives (Hangul: 북촌 방향; hanja: 北村 方向; RR: Bukchon Banghyang; MR: Pukch'on Panghyang) is a 2011 South Korean drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo. The film is in black and white. It premiered on 19 May 2011 in the Un Certain Regard section of the 64th Cannes Film Festival. The film had 45223 admissions nationwide.
 High Hopes also billed as Nice Guys is a 2006 film directed by Joe Eckardt.
 El Cochecito is a 1960 Spanish black comedy film directed by Marco Ferreri. The film is based on Rafael Azcona's novel and Azcona co-wrote the script with Ferreri. The film was a huge flop when it was released in Spain but nowadays is a cult classic. The film had troubles with Spanish censorship that forced to change and cut the original ending.
 Kishen Kanhaiya is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Rakesh Roshan released on 9 March 1990. The film stars Anil Kapoor Madhuri Dixit Shilpa Shirodkar in lead roles.
 Alexander the Great is a Malayalam film released in May 2010. The film is directed by Murali Nagavalli scripted by C. Balu and stars Mohanlal Bala Kirron Kher and Aswathy. It is different from most films in that the main character played by Mohanlal has no heroine counterpart for his role. It is described by the director as a comical racy entertainer.The film is a partial adaptation of the Hollywood film Rain Man.However this film was a huge flop .
 Splendor is a 1999 British-American romantic comedy film directed by Gregg Araki and starring Kathleen Robertson Johnathon Schaech and Matt Keeslar. The film deals with a polyamourous relationship between the three leads.
 Woman to Woman is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts with Alfred Hitchcock as the assistant director. The film was adapted from the play Woman to Woman (1921) by Michael Morton.
 This entry describes a film. For information on the geographic feature 'coastline' please see coast.The Coastline is a film by Peter Greenaway made in 1983. Also known as The Sea in Their Blood and exhibited at the National Maritime Museum Greenwich UK as Beside the Sea. It is a mockumentary or artificial documentary featuring images of the British seaside and voiceovers of endless dubious statistics. For example:Most fish is eaten in Britain fried in batter and breadcrumbs.
 Beautiful Dreamers is a 1990 film directed by John Kent Harrison. It stars Colm Feore and Rip Torn. It was nominated for four Genie Awards in 1991.
 Arakimentari is a 2004 USA film directed by Travis Klose. It is a documentary film about acclaimed and controversial Japanese photographer Nobuyoshi Araki. The film looks at Araki's personal life as well as his art.
 The Shepherd of the Southern Cross is a 1914 Australian silent film about an Englishwoman torn between two men. It was the first feature film produced by Australasian Films.It is considered a lost film.
 Mystery House is a 1938 mystery-crime film directed by Noel M. Smith and starring Dick Purcell and Ann Sheridan. The film was based on the 1930 novel The Mystery of Hunting's End by Mignon G. Eberhart.
 Mr. Desire (Italian: Il signore desidera?) is a 1934 Italian comedy film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 The Flying Missile is a 1950 black-and-white Cold War era Columbia Pictures film starring Glenn Ford and Viveca Lindfors. Made with the cooperation of the US Navy it tells a fictionalised story of the then recently revealed story of the US Navy's first mounting and firing submarine-launched cruise missiles such as the Loon off the deck of submarines.
 Shotgun Wedding is a 1993 Australian film based on the Wally Melish siege.
 R.L. Stine's Haunted Lighthouse is a 2003 short 4-D film. It debuted in several United States theme parks including SeaWorld San Diego and SeaWorld San Antonio. The film was created by Busch Entertainment Corporation and Lookout Entertainment. It is the first 3-D film featured at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay.The film was shot in 3D using a 5 perforation/70mm format.
 Métamorphose d'une gare (English: Metamorphosis of a Station) is a 2010 documentary film directed by Thierry Michel that follows the construction of the modern new railway station of Guillemins in Liège Belgium.
 Senta auf Abwegen is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Blood Money is a 1933 crime film about a crooked bail bondsman played by George Bancroft with Judith Anderson as his longtime lover and Frances Dee as the thrill-seeking socialite who catches his eye.This marked the film debut of Anderson (better known for her next role housekeeper Mrs. Danvers in the 1940 Rebecca). The film was considered to be lost for nearly forty years before reappearing.
 Chayam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Here (Croatian: Tu) is a Croatian film directed by Zrinko Ogresta. It was released in 2003.
 El Demonio en la sangre is a 1964 Argentine film.
 The Battle of the Sexes is a 1959 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers and directed by Charles Crichton based on the short story The Catbird Seat by James Thurber. The story was adapted by Monja Danischewsky.
 Kabeela is a 1976 Hindi film. Produced and directed by Bholu Khosla it stars Feroz Khan Rekha Premnath and Bindu. The music of the film is by Kalyanji Anandji
 Somebody to Love is a 1994 American romantic-drama film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. It is inspired by Federico Fellini's Nights of Cabiria. It entered the competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival.
 They Came from Beyond Space is a 1967 British science fiction film directed by Freddie Francis written by Milton Subotsky and based on the book The Gods Hate Kansas by Joseph Millard. It was produced by Amicus Productions.The production came after Daleks – Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. and used many of the sets and props from the former film as a cost cutting measure.
 The Hook of Woodland Heights is a 1990 horror short film written and directed by Michael Savino and co-written by Mark Veau.
 Windwalker is a 1981 western adventure film based on a novel by Blaine M. Yorgason starring Trevor Howard and Nick Ramus. It was shot in various outdoor locations in Utah. To maintain authenticity to the story the film's dialogue is subtitled in English with Cheyenne and Crow languages spoken. The film was directed by Academy Award-winning director Kieth Merrill and is rated PG in the USA. The music was composed by Merrill Jenson.
 My Wife Is Formidable (original title Ma femme est formidable) is a French comedy film from 1951 directed by André Hunebelle written by Jean Halain starring Fernand Gravey and Louis de Funès.
 Takkari Donga is a 2002 Telugu Cowboy film directed by Jayant Paranjee. Mahesh Babu Lisa Ray and Bipasha Basu play the lead roles. This movie was dubbed into Hindi as Choron Ka Chor.
 Gaurisankaram is a 2004 Malayalam film starring Munna and Kavya Madhavan playing long-lost childhood sweethearts. This is also one of the final films of Narendra Prasad.
 The Eiger Sanction is a 1975 American action thriller directed by and starring Clint Eastwood. Based on the novel of the same name by Trevanian the film is about a classical art professor and mountain climber who doubles as a professional assassin and who is coerced out of retirement to avenge the murder of an old friend.
 Veettilekkulla Vazhi (Malayalam: വീട്ടിലേക്കുള്ള വഴി English: The Way Home) is a 2010 Indian Malayalam adventure drama film written and directed by Dr. Biju. The film is about terrorist organizations operating in India and how they recruit young Keralites. It stars Prithviraj Indrajith and Master Govardhan in the lead roles.The film's world premiere took place at the 12th Mumbai Film Festival on 22 October 2010 as the opening film in the Indian Frames section.
 The Jungle Princess is a 1936 motion picture released by Paramount Pictures directed by William Thiele and starred Dorothy Lamour in her film debut along with Ray Milland and Ray Mala.
 Vabank is a Polish film from 1981 the first film directed by Juliusz Machulski and a popular criminal comedy set in 1934 Warsaw (although filmed actually in Łódź and Piotrków Trybunalski).The film received several awards and nominations among them: Polish Film Festival 1981 – Best Debut Director Mystfest 1982 – Best FilmThis film sometimes referred to as the Polish The Sting tells the story of Henryk Kwinto a legendary safe cracker with a score to settle.
 Rio 2 is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated musical adventure-comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and directed by Carlos Saldanha. It is the sequel to the 2011 computer-animated film Rio and the studio's first film to have a sequel outside of their existing Ice Age franchise.
 The Giant Mechanical Man is an American dramedy film written and directed by Lee Kirk. It debuted at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival and was distributed by Tribeca Films.
 Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies is a 1973 American adventure-comedy film with a story by Steven Spielberg. The film centers on a barnstorming pilot (Cliff Robertson) and his son (Eric Shea) as they fly around the United States in the 1920s and their adventures along the way.
 Camp Rock is a 2008 Disney Channel Original Movie (DCOM) starring the Jonas Brothers and Demi Lovato. The music is written by Julie Brown Paul Brown Regina Hicks and Karen Gist. The film is directed by Matthew Diamond and produced by Alan Sacks.The film debuted on the American Disney Channel on June 20 2008.
 Death's Marathon is a 1913 silent film short directed by D. W. Griffith and distributed by Biograph. It stars Blanche Sweet and Henry B. Walthall and was filmed in the Los Angeles area. This film survives and is available on DVD.
 7 Khoon Maaf pronounced Saat Khoon Maaf  released internationally as Seven Sins Forgiven is a 2011 Indian black comedy film directed co-written and co-produced by Vishal Bhardwaj. The film is based on the short story Susanna's Seven Husbands by Ruskin Bond. After Bhardwaj saw the possibility of a script in the short story he requested Bond to develop the story for a film adaptation.
 The Virgin with the Hot Pants is a 1920s American stag film. Danuta Zadworna-Fjellestad and film scholar Linda Williams put the production date of this film at 1923–1924. It is the first known pornographic film to use animated cartoons.
 The Dragon Pearl is a 2011 family film that follows the story of two teenagers who meet in China to encounter a real live Chinese dragon and also discover the mystery behind the whereabouts of his all powerful pearl.Directed by Mario Andreacchio the film stars Wang Ji Sam Neill Robert Mammone Jordan Chan and young stars Li Lin Jin and Louis Corbett.
 Casper's Haunted Christmas is a 2000 direct-to-video film produced by Harvey Comics and Mainframe Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures on October 31 2000. Unlike its direct-to-video predecessors this video was completely computer animated. It stars Brendan Ryan Barrett as the voice of Casper the Friendly Ghost. Randy Travis provided original music.It was aired on Cartoon Network up to 2009. Today rights to Casper's Haunted Christmas are owned by DreamWorks Classics.
 La femme enfant (German: Die Stumme Liebe) is a 1980 French drama film directed by Raphaële Billetdoux and starring Klaus Kinski. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Fatal Wedding is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on a popular American stage melodrama which he and Lottie Lyell had toured around Australia.It was Longford's debut feature as director and one of the most popular Australian movies of its day. It is considered a lost film.
 Buta is a 2011 Azerbaijani drama film written and directed by Ilgar Najaf. The film was selected as the Azerbaijani entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. In 2011 it won the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Children's Feature Film.
 Nice Dreams is Cheech & Chong's third feature-length film released in 1981 by Columbia Pictures. It stars Cheech Marin Tommy Chong Paul Reubens Stacy Keach Evelyn Guerrero Sandra Bernhard and Timothy Leary. Chong also directed the film.
 A Corner in Wheat is a 1909 American short silent film which tells of a greedy tycoon who tries to corner the world market on wheat destroying the lives of the people who can no longer afford to buy bread. It was directed by D. W. Griffith and adapted by Griffith and Frank E.
 His Private Life is a 1926 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Nasser Asphalt (Wet Asphalt) is a 1958 West-German thriller starring Horst Buchholz and featuring Gert Fröbe written by Will Tremper and directed by Frank Wisbar.
 Fandry is a 2013 Indian Marathi language film written and directed by Nagraj Manjule in a directorial debut. It stars Somnath Avghade and Rajshree Kharat as the film leads. The story focuses on a romance amidst caste-based discrimination. The film set in Akolner a village near Ahmednagar is about a teenager from a Dalit (lower caste) family who lives at the village fringe and falls in love with an upper caste girl.The film won the Grand Jury Prize at the Mumbai International Film Festival.
 Beyond Treason is an 89-minute 2005 film by William Lewis and Joyce Riley.It reveals a history of profiteering by chemical companies such as Monsanto Company who used war as an occasion to sell their latest products such as Agent Orange. The film gives details of US government testing of chemicals on its own citizens such as Operation Whitecoat and MKUltra.
 Nevada is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper Thelma Todd and William Powell. Based on the novel Nevada by Zane Grey the film is about a former outlaw hired to protect a ranch owner's daughter which angers the ranch foreman who is in love with the girl. The villainous foreman spreads a rumor of his rival's dark past to the sheriff and the former outlaw is soon on the run again.
 Killers of Kilimanjaro is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Robert Taylor Anthony Newley Anne Aubrey and Donald Pleasence for Warwick Films. The story was inspired by actual incidents of the Tsavo maneaters recounted in the book African Bush Adventures by JA Hunter and Daniel P. Mannix.The movie was originally known as Adamson of Africa.
 Return to Paradise is a South Seas drama film released by United Artists in 1953. The film was directed by Mark Robson and starred Gary Cooper Barry Jones and Roberta Haynes. It was based on a short story Mr. Morgan by James Michener in his short story collection Return to Paradise his sequel to Tales of the South Pacific. It was filmed on location in Matautu Western Samoa (present-day Samoa).
 Sunset Carson Rides Again is a 1948 American film directed by Oliver Drake.
 Gay Days (Hebrew: Hazman havarod‎) is a 2009 Israeli documentary film about the emergence of a LGBT community in Israel starring major activists in Israel's cultural life and LGBT community: Gal Uchovsky Eytan Fox Ellyot Amalia Ziv Amit Kama and others and some rare archival footage from pride events feature films and student films.
 Madhuraiyai Meetta Sundharapandiyan (Tamil: மதுரையை மீட்ட சுந்திரபாண்டியன் English: Sundharapandiayan who got back Madurai)is a 1978 Indian Tamil directed by M. G. Ramachandran starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with M. N. Nambiar P. S. Veerappa Latha and Padmapriya. The movie is based on the book Kayalvizhi written by Akilan. This was MGR's last movie. Then he became a full time poltican after this movie.
 Les Vacances de M. Hulot (released as Monsieur Hulot's Holiday in the UK and Mr. Hulot's Holiday in the US) is a comedy film starring and directed by Jacques Tati. It introduced the pipe-smoking well-meaning but clumsy character of Monsieur Hulot who appears in Tati's subsequent films including Mon Oncle (1959) Playtime (1967) and Trafic (1971). The film gained an international reputation for its creator when released in 1953.
 My Soul to Take (originally called 25/8) is a 2010 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Wes Craven. It is his first film since 1994's Wes Craven's New Nightmare that he both wrote and directed. The film stars Max Thieriot as the protagonist Adam Bug Hellerman who is one of seven teenagers chosen to die.The film was unsuccessful at the box office and was poorly received by critics.
 Halloween III: Season of the Witch is a 1982 American film with both science fiction and horror elements that is the third installment in the popular Halloween franchise. It is the only film in the Halloween franchise that does not feature the fictional characters Michael Myers Laurie Strode or Samuel Loomis and it also does not directly include story elements from Halloween I or II.
 Sex and Lucia (Spanish: Lucía y el sexo) is a 2001 Spanish drama film written and directed by Julio Médem and starring Paz Vega and Tristán Ulloa. As suggested by the title there is a great deal of passionate sexual content surrounding the love story of Lucía and Lorenzo as the plot dissolves into a very lyrical eroticism. The movie features a highly non-linear story line with repeated surreal references to the ocean and beach.
 The Crossing (Chinese: 太平轮) is an upcoming Chinese 3D epic drama film directed by John Woo and written by Hui-Ling Wang. The film stars Zhang Ziyi Song Hye-kyo Takeshi Kaneshiro Huang Xiaoming Bowie Lam Tong Dawei and Masami Nagasawa. The film is based on the sinking of the steamer Taiping in 1949. The incident led to the deaths of over 1500 passengers and crew.
 In 1985 Hanna-Barbera made an animated television special which aired in syndication that October paired with Star Fairies.
 This page refers to the film. For the Left Behind book go to The Mark (Left Behind).The Mark is a 1961 film which tells the story of a convicted child molester now out of prison who is suspected in the molestation and beating of another child. It stars Maria Schell Stuart Whitman Rod Steiger and Brenda De Banzie.The movie was adapted by Sidney Buchman and Stanley Mann from the novel by Charles E. Israel.
 Jesse Stone: Death in Paradise is a 2006 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Viola Davis and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the 2001 novel Death in Paradise by Robert B. Parker the film is about a small town police chief and struggling alcoholic who investigates the murder of a teenage girl whose body is found floating in a lake.
 Dikkenek is a 2006 Franco-Belgian comedy film directed by Olivier Van Hoofstadt. It has attained cult status in France and Belgium because of its Belgian-type humor. It follows the life of different characters for a few days under the pretense of Stef & J.C. looking for the love of Stef's life.
 Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 epic action film directed by Ridley Scott and written by William Monahan. It stars Orlando Bloom Eva Green Jeremy Irons David Thewlis Brendan Gleeson Marton Csokas Liam Neeson Edward Norton Ghassan Massoud Khaled El Nabawy and Alexander Siddig.The story is set during the Crusades of the 12th century.
 Zombie Honeymoon is a 2004 independent horror film produced by Hooligan Pictures.
 88 Antop Hill is a 2003 mystery thriller Hindi film. The story screenplay and direction are by Kushan Nandy; dialogues by Ashish Deo. The film is a murder mystery and is loosely based on James Hadley Chase's novel Tiger By The Tail.
 The Real Glory is a 1939 Samuel Goldwyn Productions action film starring Gary Cooper David Niven and Broderick Crawford released by United Artists in the weeks immediately following Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland. Based on a 1937 novel of the same name by Charles L. Clifford and directed by Henry Hathaway the film is set against the backdrop of the Moro Rebellion during the American occupation of the Philippines at the beginning of the twentieth century.
 Elias of het gevecht met de nachtegalen (Elias or the fight with the nightingales) is a 1991 Dutch film directed by Klaas Rusticus.
 Il Lupo della frontiera is a 1951 Italian adventure film directed by Edoardo Anton.
 Lost City of the Jungle (1946) is a Universal movie serial.
 Charlie & Louise – Das doppelte Lottchen is a German children's film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier in 1994 starring Corinna Harfouch. It is a film adaptation of the novel Das doppelte Lottchen by Erich Kästner.
 Lady Daddy (Hangul: 아빠가 여자를 좋아해; hanja: 아빠가 女子를 좋아해; RR: Abbaga Yeojareul Jongahhae; MR: Appa ka Yŏja rŭl Choahae) is 2010 South Korean film about a transsexual photographer who is discovered by her son.
 Un giorno speciale is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Day After is a 1983 American television film that aired on November 20 1983 on the ABC television network. It was seen by more than 100 million people during its initial broadcast. It is currently the highest-rated television film in history.The film postulates a fictional war between NATO forces and the Warsaw Pact that rapidly escalates into a full-scale nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union.
 Pouvoir intime (American English title: Intimate Power) is a 1986 Canadian thriller film.
 The Mystic Warrior is 1984 an American TV movie about a band of Sioux and the efforts of one man to save his people from destruction through the use of mysterious powers handed down by ancestors. The movie was originally a nine hour mini-series entitled Hanta Yo to be aired in 1980 instead aired in 1984 as a five hour mini series with the new name.
 As Good as Dead is a 1995 television film written produced and directed by Larry Cohen. The psychological thriller originally broadcast on USA Network stars Crystal Bernard and Traci Lords as two women who change identity which becomes troublesome when one of them dies. The film was released on VHS in 1998.
 Thar She Blows! is a 1931 short Australian film the first production from Cinesound Productions. It is a documentary on the West Australian whaling industry.
 Lebewohl Fremde is a 1991 German drama film directed by Tevfik Başer. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Ruined Life (Swedish: Ett hemligt giftermål) is a 1912 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström. It was Sjöström's debut film as a director.
 Baaja (Mouth Organ; Hindi: बाजा) is a 2002 Indian Hindi film directed by Apurba Kishore Bir.
 The Great Leap (German: Der grosse Sprung) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl Luis Trenker and Hans Schneeberger. A young Italian girl living in the Dolomites falls in love with a member of a tourist party skiing on the nearby mountains.
 Catch Us If You Can (1965) (released with the title Having a Wild Weekend in the U.S.) was the feature-film debut of director John Boorman. It was designed as a vehicle for pop band The Dave Clark Five whose popularity at the time almost rivaled that of The Beatles and named after their hit song Catch Us If You Can.
 Sang Penari (The Dancer) is a 2011 Indonesian film based on the trilogy of novels Ronggeng Dukuh Paruk by Ahmad Tohari and directed by Ifa Isfansyah.
 La Vuelta de Rocha is a 1937 Argentine film directed and written by Manuel Romero.
 Entre Nós is a 2013 Brazilian drama film directed by Paulo Morelli and Pedro Morelli starring Júlio Andrade Caio Blat Carolina Dieckmann Martha Nowill Maria Ribeiro Lee Taylor and Paulo Vilhena.
 The Four is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun. It is the first film adaptation of Wen Ruian's novel series Si Da Ming Bu (四大名捕; The Four Great Constables) which has previously been adapted into some television series. In all adaptations and interpretations the nicknames of the Four remained the same — Emotionless Iron Hands Life Snatcher and Cold Blood.
 Desert Dancer is an upcoming biographical film directed by Richard Raymond. Desert dancer tells a true story of a young self-taught dancer in Iran Afshin Ghaffarian who risked his life for his dream to become a dancer despite a nationwide dancing ban.
 Out for a Kill is a 2003 straight-to-video action film directed by Michael Oblowitz. It stars Steven Seagal.
 The First Round-Up is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 128th (40th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 Nirmaalyam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Albela (translation: Besotted) is a Hindi film released on 20 April 2001. It was directed by Deepak Sareen and stars Govinda and Aishwarya Rai as the lead protagonists.Upon release the film opened to mixed reviews and was declared as an average performer at the box office.
 Sarajevo is a 1940 Hungarian historical film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Maria von Tasnady Ferenc Kiss and József Timár. The film is set against the backdrop of events leading up to the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in 1914.
 Lost Children (Czech: Ztracenci) is a 1956 Czechoslovak war film directed by Miloš Makovec. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Hollywood Revue of 1929 is a 1929 American musical-comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was the studio's second feature-length musical and one of the earliest ventures into the sound format. Produced by Harry Rapf and Irving Thalberg and directed by Charles Reisner the film brought together some of MGM's most popular performers in a lavish two-hour revue shot partially in Technicolor. The two masters of ceremonies are Conrad Nagel and Jack Benny.
 Night of the Living Dead 3D: Re-Animation is a 2012 horror film prequel to the 2006 film Night of the Living Dead 3D. It stars Andrew Divoff (also a co-producer) Jeffrey Combs Sarah Lieving and Denice Duff.
 Once a Hero is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Not to be confused with the 2004 film Jiang Hu.Jiang hu: The Triad Zone (江湖告急) is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Dante Lam.
 Blonde Fever is a 1944 comedy film directed by Richard Whorf. It is also known as Autumn Fever.
 Killer Mountain is a 2011 made for TV Syfy original film. This sci-fi film tells the story of mountain climbers sent to rescue a missing expedition from a forbidden mountain only to discover the legendary Shangri-La and the hungry creature protecting it the Druk.
 Charlie Chan's Courage (1934) is the fifth film in which Warner Oland played detective Charlie Chan. It is a remake of the 1927 silent film The Chinese Parrot; both are considered lost films.An audio recreation accompanied by still photographs from the original film is included as a special feature on some DVD collections.
 Private Lessons (French: Élève libre) is a 2008 Belgian drama film directed by Joachim Lafosse. It was written by Lafosse and François Pirot. It was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival on May 19. It was nominated for seven Magritte Awards and was awarded two: Best Actor for Jonathan Zaccaï and Most Promising Actress for Pauline Étienne.
 Ten Thousand Saints is an upcoming 2015 American drama film written and directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini. It is based on the novel of the same name by Eleanor Henderson. The film stars Asa Butterfield as Jude Keffy-Horn the protagonist of the story.
 Kattu Kurangu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 Jet Lag (French: Décalage Horaire) is a 2002 film starring Juliette Binoche and Jean Reno. It is the second film directed by Danièle Thompson after the 1999 release La Bûche.
 Arivaali (Tamil: அறிவாளி) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film written directed and produced by A. T. Krishnaswami. The film starred Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles.
 Sex and the Single Girlis a 1964 American comedy film directed by Richard Quine and starring Tony Curtis Natalie Wood Henry Fonda Lauren Bacall and Mel Ferrer.The film was inspired by the title of the non-fiction book Sex and the Single Girl (1962) by Helen Gurley Brown.
 A Film Johnnie is a 1914 American-made motion picture starring Charles Chaplin Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 Samanala Sandhwaniya (සමනල සංධ්වනිය ) also known as Butterfly Symphony is a 2013 Romantic film directed by Jayantha Chandrasiri and starring Yashoda Wimaladharma Uddika Premarathna Pubudu Chathuranga Wilson Gunarathne Punsiri Dayaruwan Buddhadasa Withanachchi Roger Seneviratne and Chathurika Peiris.Samanala Sandhwaniya (සමනල සංධ්වනිය ) is scheduled to release on 4 October 2013 on EAP theaters.
 Cry of the Hunted is a 1953 American crime film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis. The drama features Vittorio Gassman Barry Sullivan and Polly Bergen.
 Paisa Paisa is a 2013 Indian Malayalam thriller film written and directed by debutante director Prasanth Murali. The film was produced by Raj Zacharias under the banner Celebs and Red Carpet and features Indrajith Aju Varghese Mamta Mohandas Sandhya and Daniel Balaji in the lead roles. Set against the backdrop of Chennai and Kochi Paisa Paisa is a multi-narrative realistic thriller showing how money can affect the lives of people. The film released on June 28 2013.
 Fiorile is a 1993 Italian drama film about a family curse caused by greed. The film was directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani and stars Claudio Bigagli Galatea Ranzi and Michael Vartan. It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.The title Fiorile allegedly is derived from the month of Floréal (April-May) in the French Republican Calendar. The film is also known as Wild Flower.
 Desert Passage is a 1952 Western film starring Tim Holt. It was the last of 46 Westerns Holt made for RKO.
 High Terrace is a 1956 British mystery film directed by Henry Cass and starring Dale Robertson Lois Maxwell Derek Bond Eric Pohlmann and Lionel Jeffries.
 Ghazal (in Persian: غزل) is a 1975 Iranian film directed by Masoud Kimiai. It stars Mohammad Ali Fardin Faramarz Gharibian and Pouri Banayi. It is based on the short story The Interloper written by Jorge Luis Borges. Because of the cliche image that Iranian people had of Fardin in mind a happy go lucky person who always appears in happy ending movies this new artistic face was not successful in box office.
 Evil Alien Conquerors is a film directed by Chris Matheson (who co-wrote Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure) in 2003 and is a blend of science-fiction and comedy. The film follows two aliens who are sent to Earth to destroy mankind but when they arrive they are unable to complete their mission. The two aliens befriend a fast food employee who helps them.
 Paisan (Italian: Paisà) is a 1946 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini the second of a trilogy by Rossellini. It is divided into six episodes. They are set in the Italian Campaign during World War II when Nazi Germany was losing the war against the Allies. A major theme is communication problems due to language barriers.The film was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and the BAFTA Award for Best Film from any source.
 At Midnight I'll Take Your Soul (Portuguese: À Meia-Noite Levarei Sua Alma) is a 1964 Brazilian horror film directed b José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his created alter ego Coffin Joe (Zé do Caixão). It is also Brazil's first horror film and it marks the first appearance of Marins' character Zé do Caixão (Coffin Joe). The film is the first installment of Marins' Coffin Joe trilogy and is followed by This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse (1967) and Embodiment of Evil (2008).
 The Fantastic Miss Piggy Show is a one-hour special that aired on ABC on September 17 1982. It guest starred John Ritter George Hamilton and Andy Kaufman (as Tony Clifton)
 Fausto 5.0 is a fantasy film made in Spain and released in 2001. Fausto 5.0 is the last part of a trilogy dedicated to the figure of Faust. The first two instalments were F@ust 3.0 (originally a play) and The Damnation of Faust (originally an opera). All three films were developed for the screen by La Fura dels Baus an experimental theatre group from Barcelona.
 Zone 39 (The Zone) is a 1996 Australian science fiction psychological drama film by director John Tatoulis. It features cast members Carolyn Bock Peter Phelps and William Zappa and runs for93 minutes.The film tells the story of a future where the environment has been ravaged leaving the world desolate. Two surviving factions the New Territories and the Federal Republics have been at war for 40 years. Finally they have agreed to peace terms thanks to the efforts of the Central Union (CU).
 Bang! You're Dead is a 1954 British psychological film drama directed by Lance Comfort and starring Jack Warner Anthony Richmond and Sean Barrett. The film takes as its subject the accidental killing of a man by a child and the struggles of the child and his companion to comprehend the gravity of what has happened.
 Banshees Over Canada is a 1943 Canadian documentary film made by the National Film Board of Canada. Produced by Sydney Newman and directed by James Beveridge the nineteen-minute film examines British preparations for a German bombing raid as well as the resultant destruction caused by the raid and the defences mounted by Britain's Royal Air Force.
 Die Laughing is a 1980 American film released by Orion Pictures starring Robby Benson. Benson portrays a cab driver and aspiring singer who becomes embroiled in a plot to kidnap a monkey that has memorized a scientific formula that has the potential to destroy the world.
 Blu Gang - vissero per sempre felici e ammazzati (internationally released as Brothers Blue and Blu Gang) is a 1973 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Luigi Bazzoni. For this film Tony Renis won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Score.
 The Death Ship (German: Das Totenschiff) is a 1959 West German adventure film directed by Georg Tressler and starring Horst Buchholz Mario Adorf Helmut Schmid and Elke Sommer. It was based on the book by B. Traven author of The Treasure of Sierra Madre and was filmed in Mexico. A group of outcast men drift around the world never settling down or being accepted. They enjoy various adventures around the globe.
 Sunflower (Hangul: 해바라기; RR: Haebaragi) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 Trumped is a 2009 American thriller short film written and directed by Michael Whitton and starring James James Matt Kawczynski and David Whitton. The film follows the spree of a three-man costumed gang bent on scaring people for fun.
 Sathi Leelavathi is a 1936 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan. This was the first film for M. G. Ramachandran and for Dungan as director. This was one of the first Tamil films to become the subject of court case involving copyright violations.
 Return from the River Kwai is a 1989 film directed by Andrew McLaglen. It stars Timothy Bottoms and Nick Tate. It is loosely based on events concerning the Burma-Thailand Death Railway and subsequent that inspired the earlier film The Bridge on the River Kwai although both films use separate fictional characters. When released in the United Kingdom the movie carried a legal warning and disclaimer that it was not at all related to or a sequel to the film Bridge on the River Kwai (1957).
 Sequel to the Diamond from the Sky (also known as The Fate of the Child and The Gypsy's Trust) is a 1916 American short silent film directed by Edward Sloman starring William Russell and Rhea Mitchell. The film is the sequel to the very popular The Diamond from the Sky. It is now considered to be lost.
 He's in the Army Now (original Turkish title: O Şimdi Asker) is a 2003 Turkish film directed by Mustafa Altıoklar on a screenplay co-written by him and Levent Kazak.
 Disappearance is a 2002 television movie first aired on TBS and later was released on DVD.
 Immaan Dharam (faith in Urdu and Hindi respectively) is a 1977 Hindi film. Written by Javed Akhtar produced by Premji it is directed by Desh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Shashi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar and Rekha. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.The film was a disaster at box office.This is a story about two guys who act as mock witnesses and always hang around court to give evidence as per the requirement of the case every time.
 Crashing Hollywood is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Tiger by the Tail is a 1955 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Larry Parks Constance Smith and Donald Stewart. It is an adaptation of the novel Never Come Back by John Mair. Larry Parks a memorable Al Jolson in The Jolson Story had fallen foul of America's House Un-American Activities Committee and had his first film role for four years starring in this British low budgeter.
 Journeys with George is a documentary by Alexandra Pelosi and Aaron Lubarsky that follows George W. Bush for more than a year on his campaign trail to the presidency in 2000. Working for NBC and as part of what she calls the travelling press corps Pelosi offers the only behind-the-scenes look at Bush's campaign.
 Ezham Rathri is a Malayalam language horror film starring Kamal Haasan in the dual role of a priest and his young nephew.
 Crying Freeman is a 1995 Canadian and French produced action film directed by Christophe Gans based on the Portrait of a Killer arc of the best-selling manga of the same name by Kazuo Koike and Ryoichi Ikegami. The film was shot in British Columbia in October 1994.Despite being heavily promoted by Viz Media on Animerica magazine and reprints of the Crying Freeman graphic novel the film was never released in the United States.
 White Rose (Hungarian: Fehér rózsa) is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring María Corda Gyula Bartos and Emil Fenyvessy. It was based on an 1853 novel by Mór Jókai. It was released by the state-owned Hungarian film industry during the Hungarian Soviet Republic although production had begun before the regime came to power.
 Lydia is a 1941 drama film directed by Julien Duvivier. It stars Merle Oberon as Lydia MacMillan a woman whose life is seen from her spoiled immature youth through bitter and resentful middle years until at last she is old and accepting. It is a remake of Duvivier's Un carnet de bal (1937) which starred Marie Bell as the leading character.
 His Friend's Wife is a 1911 American short silent romantic drama starring Francis X. Bushman Lottie Briscoe and Dorothy Phillips. Directed by R.E. Baker His Friend's Wife was the film debut of Francis X. Bushman.
 Snow Dogs is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Brian Levant and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and James Coburn. The film was released in the United States on January 18 2002 by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie is inspired by the book Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod by Gary Paulsen.
 Hit and Run (also known as Bumper or Hit and Run unrated) is a 2009 horror film from MGM released only in an unrated version. The film tells the story of a young woman who tries to cover up a deadly hit and run accident only to have the supposedly dead victim come back to terrorize her.
 The Southerner is a 1945 American film directed by Jean Renoir based on the novel Hold Autumn in Your Hand by George Sessions Perry. The film received Oscar nominations for Best Director Original Music Score and Sound. Renoir was named Best Director by the National Board of Review which also named the film the third best of 1945.Future director Robert Aldrich was an assistant director on this film.Filming location for flood is below the site of where Millerton Lake is located today.
 The Young and Dangerous film series (Chinese: 古惑仔) is a collection of Hong Kong films about a group of triad young members detailing their adventures dangers and growth in a Hong Kong triad society. The series is based on a popular comic book series known as Teddy Boy. The series contributed a lot to the public image of triads and was condemned by certain quarters as glorifying secret triad societies. However it was immensely popular in Hong Kong and spun 9 sequels and spin-offs.
 The Tomb is a 1986 film directed by Fred Olen Ray and featuring John Carradine and Cameron Mitchell. The film is loosely based on the novel The Jewel of Seven Stars by Bram Stoker.
 Born to Boogie is a 1972 concert film based around a concert at Wembley Empire Pool starring Ringo Starr Marc Bolan and T. Rex. Directed by Starr himself the movie was released on The Beatles' Apple Films label. Born to Boogie consists of concert footage; recording studio scenes with Ringo Starr and Elton John filmed at the Apple Studios in Savile Row London; and various vignettes reminiscent of The Beatles' Magical Mystery Tour shot at Denham and Tittenhurst Park Sunninghill.
 Game (Telugu: గేమ్) is a Telugu film that released on 5 August 2006 and was directed by Ram Prasad. It stars Mohan Babu and Vishnu Manchu in lead roles with Shobana Parvati Melton Sumalatha and Giri Babu in supporting roles. The film's background score and soundtrack were composed by new age music composer Joshua Sridhar. The soundtrack for the movie was released on 27 July 2006. The movie is based on Hollywood Movie Changing Lanes which was remade in three Indian languages Taxi No.
 Men O' War is the third sound film starring Laurel and Hardy released on June 29 1929.
 Chomana Dudi (Choma's drum) is a feature film in the Kannada language. It is based on a novel of the same name written by Shivaram Karanth. The film was released in the year 1975 and won the Swarna Kamal India's National Award for the best film.
 Left Behind II: Tribulation Force is a Christian apocalyptic/thriller film and the second in a series of films based on the Left Behind book series written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins. It was produced and distributed by Cloud Ten Pictures and Namesake Entertainment. The film was directed by Bill Corcoran and stars Kirk Cameron and Brad Johnson. It was released directly to home video on April 8 2002. The film's executive producer was Andre Van Heerden. It was rated PG-13 by the MPAA.
 Daniel – Der Zauberer (translated: Daniel – The Wizard) is a German grotesque experimental film about the pop singer Daniel Küblböck starring as himself. this movie is often considered as one of the worst movie ever made.
 Dopamine is a 2003 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mark Decena.
 Football Champion is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Heroes of the Saddle is a 1940 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by William Witney.
 Nancy Drew... Reporter is a 1939 American film directed by William Clemens and starring Bonita Granville as Nancy Drew.The film was produced by Warner Bros but has since slipped into the public domain and is available on home video in a number of issues in addition to Warner's official DVD set containing the other three films as well (which are still copyrighted).
 How to Draw a Perfect Circle (Portuguese: Como Desenhar um Círculo Perfeito) is a 2009 Portuguese drama film directed by Marco Martins and starring Rafael Morais Daniel Duval Joana Verona Beatriz Batarda and Albano Jeronimo. Its plot revolves around a young man who falls deeply in love with his sister.
 The Family That Dwelt Apart is a 1973 Canadian animated short based on the short story of the same name by E.B. White about the misadventures of a family of seven who live in happy isolation on a small island in Barnegat Bay until word gets out that they are in distress. The film is directed by Yvon Mallette narrated by E.B. White and produced by Wolf Koenig for the National Film Board of Canada.
 Ercole contro i tiranni di Babilonia (English Translation: Hercules and the Tyrants of Babylon) is a 1964 Italian film directed by Domenico Paolella and starring Peter Lupus.
 The Taste of Money (Hangul: 돈의 맛; RR: Donui Mat; MR: Ton ŭi Mat) is a 2012 South Korean erotic thriller film about a conglomerate-owning family.It triggered controversy and hype with its portrayal of the lives of the privileged in Korean society exploring themes of sex and money greed and ambition. A decadent and sensational film that presents biting commentary on the rich and famous it is Im Sang-soo's seventh film.
 Girls for the Summer (Italian: Racconti d'estate or US title: Love on the Riviera) is a 1958 Italian romantic comedy drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini based on story by Alberto Moravia. The film stars Alberto Sordi Michèle Morgan Marcello Mastroianni Sylva Koscina Gabriele Ferzetti Dorian Gray Franca Marzi Franco Fabrizi and Jorge Mistral. It tells the five romantic and funny stories in the Tigullio Gulf (Liguria Italy).
 A Christmas Visitor is a 2002 American television film starring William Devane Meredith Baxter and Dean McDermott. It was written by George Samerjan and David Saperstein and directed by Christopher Leitch.
 Floating Life is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Clara Law about a Hong Kong family who move to Australia.
 Down from the Mountain is a 2000 documentary and concert film featuring a live performance by country and traditional music artists who participated in the Grammy-winning soundtrack recording for the Joel and Ethan Coen film O Brother Where Art Thou? The concert held on May 24 2000 at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville Tennessee was a benefit for the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum. The documentary was directed by Nick Doob Chris Hegedus and D. A. Pennebaker.
 Boardwalk is a 1979 American drama film written by Stephen Verona and Leigh Chapman and directed by Verona. It stars Ruth Gordon Lee Strasberg and Janet Leigh.The film is about the Rosen family and their struggle with a gang terrorizing their Coney Island neighborhood. It was filmed on location at numerous spots in New York city including the famous but now defunct Dubrow's Cafeteria.
 The Mangler 2 is a 2001 direct-to-video sequel to the 1995 film The Mangler. It features Lance Henriksen and Chelse Swain. It abandons the original's premise of an industrial laundry machine possessed by a murderous demon replacing it with a murderous sentient computer virus taking over a school. No explanation is given as to how the two films are actually related.
 Calvary is a 2014 Irish black comedy drama film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh. Calvary stars Brendan Gleeson Chris O'Dowd Kelly Reilly Aidan Gillen Dylan Moran and Isaach de Bankolé. The film began production in September 2012 and was released in April 2014 in Ireland and the United Kingdom and August 2014 in the United States. The film was screened at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and is scheduled to be shown at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 American Buffalo is a 1996 British/American drama film directed by Michael Corrente and starring Dustin Hoffman Dennis Franz and Sean Nelson the only members of the cast. The film is based on David Mamet's 1975 play of the same name.The film was produced by Gregory Mosher who was also responsible for directing the theatrical version of American Buffalo.
 Kalikaalam (Malayalam: കലികാലം) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Reji Nair. Focussing mainly on relationships it tells the story of a mother and her three children. The film tries to explore the complexities of a small family. Scriptwriter Reji Nair makes his directorial debut with this film. Kalikalam was filmed by award winning cinematographer Madhu Ambat. The film's music is by O. N. V. Kurup-Ousepachan team who reunites once again after Akashadoothu (1992).
 Exile Express is a 1939 American drama film directed by Otis Garrett and starring Anna Sten Alan Marshal and Jerome Cowan. After being wrongly implicated in the murder of her scientist boss by foreign agents a young immigrant woman is placed on board an exile express from California to New York City where she is to be deported from Ellis Island.
 Losing Ground is a 2005 independent film directed by Bryan Wizemann adapted from Wizemann's play of the same name. It follows seven people over the course of a single night in a Las Vegas video-poker bar and their tangled interactions.The film features the same cast as the stage performance and was filmed using high-definition video at The Gate a bar in Park Slope. Losing Ground premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival on March 11 2005 to generally favorable reviews.
 Bandits Beware is a 1921 short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Dance Music (German:Tanzmusik) is a 1935 Austrian drama film directed by Johann Alexander Hubler-Kahla and starring Liane Haid Gusti Huber and Hermann Thimig.
 Beyond Reasonable Doubt is a 1982 New Zealand docu-drama feature film about the conviction of Arthur Allan Thomas later pardoned for the murder of Harvey and Jeanette Crewe in 1970.It stars David Hemmings as Inspector Bruce Hutton. John Hargreaves and Terence Cooper also appear.
 Saladin the Victorious (Arabic: الناصر صلاح الدين‎ translit. Al Nasser Salah Ad-Din) is 1963 Egyptian film written by Youssef El Sebai based on the novel by Naguib Mahfouz and directed by Youssef Chahine. The film stars Ahmed Mazhar as Saladin Salah Zulfikar Mohamed Abdel Gawad Tewfik El Dekn Omar El-Hariri Mahmoud El-Meliguy Leila Fawzi Hamdi Gheiss Ahmed Luxor Nadia Lutfi Hussein Riad Laila Taher and Zaki Toleimat.
 The Jade Mask is a 1945 film featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan and the only appearance of Number Four Son Eddie Chan played by Edwin Luke the real-life younger brother of Keye Luke who had depicted Number One Son all through the 1930s.
 Spain in Flames is a 1937 compilation film made by Helen van Dongen during the Spanish Civil War. Hal Erickson has written that the film ... is remarkable in its willingness to offer both sides of the conflict -- though its sympathies are firmly with the Loyalists. The film consists of two parts.
 Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd is a 1952 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello along with Charles Laughton who reprised his role as the infamous pirate from the 1945 film Captain Kidd. It was the second film in SuperCinecolor a three-color version of the two-color process Cinecolor.
 Agadam is a 2014 Indian Tamil horror film directed by Mohamad Issack featuring Baskar Srini Iyer Thamizh Kalaisekaran Saravana Balaji Sri Priyanka Anisha and master Ajay. Agadam was certified by the Guinness World Records as the longest uncut film which has a running time for 2 hours 3 minutes and 30 seconds. It was shot on December 7 2012 and released on 3 January 2014. The film set in real time starts with men burying the body of a woman whose ghost returns and haunts them.
 Talk Radio is a 1988 American drama film starring Eric Bogosian Ellen Greene and Leslie Hope. Directed by Oliver Stone the film was based on the play by Eric Bogosian and Tad Savinar. Portions of the film and play were based on the assassination of radio host Alan Berg in 1984 and the book Talked to Death: The Life and Murder of Alan Berg by Stephen Singular. The film was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Baby's Toilet is a 1905 British short film directed by Cecil Hepworth. The film features Hepworth's baby daughter Elizabeth being bathed and dressed by her nurse and was categorised by Hepworth as a Domestic Scene. In the film Hepworth combines a series of shots to produce a narrative depicting the bathing process from beginning to end. He would later acknowledge the influence of the pioneering work of the Lumière brothers on this and other similar films he produced in the 1900s.
 Jungle Master (Chinese: 绿林大冒险) is a 2013 Chinese computer-animated film directed by Kerr Xu.
 Spring of Life (Czech: Pramen života) is a 2000 Czech film directed by Milan Cieslar.
 Divorcing Jack is a 1998 satirical black comedy. The plot is set around the Northern Irish reporter Dan Starkey who gets entangled into a web of political intrigue and Irish sectarian violence at the same time as Northern Ireland is set to elect a new Prime Minister. Writer Colin Bateman adapted his own book as the screenplay.
 Dr. Renault's Secret is an American horror movie that was released to theaters in 1942. It was made by 20th Century Fox studios and was filmed in black and white. The story was written by William Bruckner and Robert Metzler. The production was directed by Harry Lachman and is a B movie with both mad scientist and monster themes.
 Mill of the Stone Women (Italian: Il mulino delle donne di pietra) is a 1960 Italian-French international co-production horror film directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring: Pierre Brice and Scilla Gabel.
 The Stranger Within is a 1974 science fiction film that premiered on ABC on October 1 1974 as the ABC Movie of the Week. The film was inspired by Rosemary's Baby but included a science-fiction twist.The film was directed by Lee Philips and starred Barbara Eden and George Grizzard.
 Flesh and the Devil (1926) is an MGM romantic drama silent film. It stars Greta Garbo John Gilbert Lars Hanson and Barbara Kent directed by Clarence Brown and based on the play The Undying Past by Hermann Sudermann.In 2006 Flesh and the Devil was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Caesar and Otto's Deadly XMas is a 2012 American comedy-horror film. It stars Dave Campfield Paul Chomicki Felissa Rose Deron Miller Lloyd Kaufman Linnea Quigley Joe Estevez Debbie Rochon Brinke Stevens Ken Macfarlane and Avi K. Garg as well as a cameo appearance by Robert Z'Dar. It is written and directed by Dave Campfield the creator of the original Caesar and Otto film.
 Mi hijo Ceferino Namuncurá is a 1972 Argentine film.
 Bhet is a Marathi movie released on 31 May 2002. Chandrakant Kulkarni has directed the movie and produced it as well with Nitin Patil. The plot of the movie is based on a mother-son who reunite against all odds and how egos are defeated by emotions and feelings.
 Crickets (こおろぎ Kōrogi) is a 2006 Japanese drama film directed by Shinji Aoyama.
 Evolution is a 2001 American science fiction comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring David Duchovny Orlando Jones Seann William Scott Julianne Moore and Ted Levine. In the United States it was released by DreamWorks and internationally by Columbia Pictures.The plot of the film follows college professor Ira Kane (David Duchovny) and geologist Harry Block (Orlando Jones) who investigate a meteor crash in Arizona.
 United 300 is an American short film that parodies United 93 (2006) and 300 (2007). It won the MTV Movie Spoof Award at the MTV Movie Awards 2007. The short was created by Andy Signore along with some of his friends. During his speech he said roughly The film was not making fun of a tragedy; it was a tribute to those who stood up against tyranny.
 Helvetica is an independent feature-length documentary film about typography and graphic design centered on the typeface of the same name. Directed by Gary Hustwit it was released in 2007 to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the typeface's introduction in 1957 and is considered the first of the Design Trilogy by the director.Its content consists of a history of the typeface interspersed with candid interviews with leading graphic and type designers.
 Termini Station is a Canadian drama film released in 1989. It was directed by Allan King and written by Colleen Murphy.The film stars Colleen Dewhurst and Megan Follows as Molly and Micheline Dushane a mother and daughter living in a small Northern Ontario town. Molly is an alcoholic which creates tension between her and Micheline and inspires Micheline's fantasies of escaping her stifling small-town life.
 Her Costly Affair is a 1996 television film directed by John Patterson. The film was initially to be released as Consensual Relations until lead actress Bonnie Bedelia had it changed. Filming took place in Southern California.
 A Thousand Years of Good Prayers is a 2007 drama feature film directed by Wayne Wang starring Yu Feihong Henry O Vida Ghahremani and Pasha Lychnikoff adapted from the short story by Yiyun Li and shot on a high-end high-definition video camera.It was made as a companion piece to The Princess of Nebraska a 2007 film also directed by Wayne Wang and adapted from Yiyun Li’s short story.
 Range Warfare is a 1934 American film directed by S. Roy Luby.
 Grievous Bodily Harm is a 1988 Australian crime film directed by Mark Joffe starring Colin Friels and John Waters.
 The Sorceror (German: Der Hexer) is a 1932 German drama film directed by Martin Frič and Karel Lamač. It is a German screen adaptation of Edgar Wallace's thriller The Ringer and is not to be confused with the 1964 remake of the same title Der Hexer.
 Himmatvar is a 1996 Bollywood film directed by Talat Jani and starring Dharmendra Hitesh and Rubaina Khan.
 The Scarlet Letter is a 1926 American drama film based on the book by the same name and directed by Victor Sjöström. Louis B. Mayer was reluctant on using Miss Gish fearing opposition from church groups. The film was announced as It's a real 'A' picture taking advantage of the 'A' for Adultery. Prints of the film survive in the MGM/United Artists film archives and the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 ¡Qué hacer! is a 1970 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz Nina Serrano and Saul Landau.
 Clubland internationally known as Introducing the Dwights is a 2007 Australian comedy film directed by Cherie Nowlan and written by Keith Thompson. It stars an ensemble cast which includes Khan Chittenden Emma Booth Richard Wilson and Brenda Blethyn.
 The Yellow Passport is a lost 1916 silent film drama produced and distributed by the World Film Company. It was directed by Edwin August and stars Clara Kimball Young. The film is based on Michael Morton's 1914 Broadway play The Yellow Ticket. On the stage the lead characters were played by Florence Reed and John Barrymore.
 Sankarlal is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist. This film was initially planned to be directed by T.N.Balu(He is the director for the famous Tamil films Uyarndhavargal and sattam en kayil). Unfortunately T.N.Balu died half-way before completing this film. So Kamal Haasan himself directed and completed this film. This is supposedly his first direction attempt. The movie did average business at the box office.
 Inside Straight is a 1951 film.
 Naranathu Thampuran is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2001.
 Raavanan (English: Ravana) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written produced and directed by Mani Ratnam. The film features Vikram Aishwarya Rai and Prithviraj in the lead roles with a supporting cast led by Karthik Prabhu and Priyamani. The film was also made simultaneously in Hindi as Raavan with a slightly different cast.
 Ultraviolet is a 2006 Chinese-American dystopian science fiction action-horror-thriller film written and directed by Kurt Wimmer and produced by Screen Gems. It stars Milla Jovovich as Violet Song and Cameron Bright as Six. It was released in North America on March 3 2006.
 Vacancy 2: The First Cut is a 2009 American direct-to-video slasher directed by Eric Bross starring Agnes Bruckner Trevor Wright David Moscow and Gwendoline Yeo. It is the prequel to 2007's Vacancy.
 Mélo is a 1929 play by Henri Bernstein which premiered in the US in 1931 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.
 Night of the Demons (also known as: Halloween Party) is a 1988 American horror film written and produced by Joe Augustyn and directed by Kevin S. Tenney. The film tells the story of ten high school seniors having a Halloween party in an isolated mortuary. Their party turns into a nightmare when after conducting a séance as a party game they unlock the demon that remains locked in the crematorium.
 Kudumbapuranam (English: Family History) is a 1988 Malayalam family film written by Lohithadas and directed by Sathyan Anthikad with Thilakan Balachandra Menon Ambika K. P. A. C. Lalitha Parvathy and Sreenivasan in major roles. The film was a remake of the 1986 Tamil film Samsaram Adhu Minsaram directed by Visu.
 Pacha Nottukal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Secreto de Confesión is the title of the first Filipino film in Spanish language which was presented at the time as la primera película hablada y cantada en español producida en Filipinas (the first film spoken and sung in Spanish in the Philippines).
 Eti (Bengali: ইতি ) (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Sambit Nag.
 Secret of Stamboul is a 1936 British thriller film taken from the novel The Eunuch of Stamboul by Dennis Wheatley directed by Andrew Marton and starring Valerie Hobson James Mason and Frank Vosper. A British agent (Mason) travels to Istanbul (Stamboul) to try and thwart a revolution.
 Esmeralda is a 1922 British silent film and an adaptation of a novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo. It was directed by Edwin J. Collins and starred Sybil Thorndike and Booth Conway.
 Atlas Shrugged: Part I is a 2011 American film adaptation of part of Ayn Rand's 1957 novel Atlas Shrugged intended as the first film of a trilogy encompassing the entire book. After various treatments and proposals floundered for nearly 40 years investor John Aglialoro initiated production in June 2010.
 City of Damnation (Hangul: 유감스러운 도시; RR: Yoogamseureowoon dosi; MR: Yugamsŭrŏun tosi) is a 2009 South Korean film directed by Kim Dong-won and is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film Infernal Affairs.
 Dreams That Money Can Buy is a 1947 experimental feature color film written produced and directed by surrealist artist and dada film-theorist Hans Richter.The film was produced by Kenneth Macpherson and Peggy Guggenheim.Collaborators included Max Ernst Marcel Duchamp Man Ray Alexander Calder Darius Milhaud and Fernand Léger. The film won the Award for the Best Original Contribution to the Progress of Cinematography at the 1947 Venice Film Festival.
 In the Custody of Strangers is a 1982 ABC made-for-TV drama film. It was directed by Robert Greenwald and written by Jennifer Miller. The film stars Martin Sheen Jane Alexander and Emilio Estevez the latter in his feature film debut. The film was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made for Television but lost to Brideshead Revisited.
 Get Santa is an upcoming American-British comedy film directed and written by Christopher Smith. The film stars Jim Broadbent Rafe Spall and Kit Connor.
 State of Siege is also the name of a thriller by Eric Ambler.State of Siege (French title: État de Siège) is a 1972 French film directed by Costa Gavras starring Yves Montand and Renato Salvatori.
 Jadui Kismat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 The Bushido Blade is a 1981 film directed by Tom Kotani. Sonny Chiba Toshiro Mifune Mako Laura Gemser and James Earl Jones appear in this movie. This was Richard Boone's last film appearance.
 The Mating of Millie is a 1948 romantic comedy film starring Glenn Ford and Evelyn Louise Keyes. A single woman is willing to go to great lengths to adopt an orphan boy.
 Trilussa - Storia d'amore e di poesia is a 2013 Italian television film directed by Lodovico Gasparini. It was broadcast in two parts on 11 and 12 March 2013 on Rai 1.
 Ti presento un amico is a 2010 Italian film directed by Carlo Vanzina.
 Rokunin no ansatsusha (六人の暗殺者 Rokunin no ansatsusha) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film drama directed by Eisuke Takizawa.The film won 1956 Blue Ribbon Awards for best screenplay by Ryuzo Kikushima.
 Amar Deep is a 1958 Hindi movie directed by T. Prakash Rao. The film stars Dev Anand Vyjayanthimala Pran Padmini Johnny Walker and Om Prakash. The film's music is by C. Ramchandra.
 Thundering Thompson is a 1929 American film directed by Ben F. Wilson.
 Graft is a 1915 American film serial featuring Harry Carey. This serial is considered to be lost.
 Rowdy Fellow is an upcoming Telugu film directed by debutant Krishna Chaitanya and produced by under Cinema 5 and Movie Mills. Starring Nara Rohit  Vishakha Singh and Nandini Rai in the lead roles.
 Pennin Manathai Thottu (Tamil: பெண்ணின் மனதை தொட்டு English: Touching the heart of girl) is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000.It contains the song Kalluri Vaanil danced by Prabhu Deva Sundaram. The film did well in the box office.
 Bahay Kubo: A Pinoy Mano Po! is a 2007 Regal Productions movie starring Maricel Soriano and Eric Quizon. The movie is one of the official entries of the Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress (simplified Chinese: 巴尔扎克与小裁缝; traditional Chinese: 巴爾扎克與小裁縫; French: Balzac et la Petite Tailleuse Chinoise) is a 2002 Franco-Chinese romance drama film with dialogue in the Sichuan dialect directed by Dai Sijie and starring Zhou Xun Chen Kun and Liu Ye.
 Personal Best is a 1982 movie centered on a group of women trying to qualify for the American track-and-field team bound for the 1980 Olympic Games.
 The Death Disc: A Story of the Cromwellian Period is a 1909 American short film directed by D.W. Griffith and based on Mark Twain's short story The Death Disk [sic].
 Butterflies Are Free is a 1972 film based on the play by Leonard Gershe. The 1972 film was produced by M.J. Frankovich released by Columbia Pictures directed by Milton Katselas and adapted for the screen by Gershe. It was released on 6 July 1972 in the USA.Goldie Hawn and Edward Albert starred.
 The Patent Leather Kid is a 1927 silent film which tells the story of a boxer who scoffs at fighting outside the ring... particularly for the United States once it enters World War I. Eventually he is drafted is shipped overseas and performs a heroic act which results in his being severely wounded. It stars Richard Barthelmess Molly O'Day Lawford Davidson Matthew Betz and Arthur Stone.The movie was adapted by Gerald C.
 Elvis starring Elvis Presley is United States television special that aired on December 3 1968 on the NBC television network. The special is commonly referred to as the '68 Comeback Special because of subsequent developments in Presley's career but the soundtrack album was released simply as NBC-TV Special.
 Kudumbini (Malayalam: കുടുംബിനി) is a 1964 Malayalam language film directed by P. A. Thomas. The film received a certificate of merit at the annual National Film Awards.
 Capitalism: A Love Story is a 2009 American documentary film directed written by and starring Michael Moore. The film centers on the late-2000s financial crisis and the recovery stimulus while putting forward an indictment of the current economic order in the United States and capitalism in general.
 Veer: An Epic Love story of a Warrior (Hindi: वीर) is a 2009 Hindi historical action film directed by Anil Sharma and starring Salman Khan Mithun Chakraborty Sohail Khan Jackie Shroff and Zarine Khan. The film was written by Salman Khan and set during the 1825 Pindari movement of Rajasthan when India was ruled by the British.Veer was released on 22 January 2009. the film was declared below average grosser at the Indian box office.
 The Five Heartbeats is a 1991 musical drama film directed by Robert Townsend who co-wrote the script with Keenan Ivory Wayans. Distributed by 20th Century Fox the film's main cast includes Townsend Michael Wright Leon Robinson Harry J. Lennix Tico Wells Harold Nicholas of the Nicholas Brothers and Diahann Carroll.
 Enemmy is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ashu Trikha - the title being intentionally misspelt using the 6 main characters initials.
 Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania is an upcoming 2014 Bollywood film. The film features Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt in lead roles. The film is produced by Karan Johar and directed by debutant Shashank Khaitan. The film will be released on 11 July 2014.
 The Evil Stairs (Hangul: 마의 계단; RR: Ma-ui gyedan; also known as The Devil's Stairway) is a 1964 South Korean mystery film directed by Lee Man-hee.
 The Men in Her Life was a 1941 film adaptation of the novel Ballerina by Eleanor Smith. It was nominated for the 1941 Academy Award for Sound (John Livadary) but lost to That Hamilton Woman.
 A Special Cop in Action (originally titled Italia a mano armata) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Marino Girolami here credited as Franco Martinelli. The film is the final chapter in the Girolami's trilogy about Commissioner Betti after Violent Rome and Violent Naples.The main theme of the film was used in the soundtrack of Quentin Tarantino's Death Proof.
 Sharafat is a 1970 Hindi film directed by Asit Sen starring Dharmendra Hema Malini Ashok Kumar Sonia Sahni and Jagdeep. Hema Malini plays the role of a feisty courtesan Chanda in search of her father in this satire about society's hypocritical moral standards.
 Peace on Earth is a one-reel 1939 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon short directed by Hugh Harman about a post-apocalyptic world populated only by animals.Two young squirrels ask their grandfather (Voiced by Mel Blanc-uncredited) on Christmas Eve who the men are in the lyric Peace on Earth good will to men. The grandfather squirrel then tells them a history of the human race focusing on the never-ending wars men waged.
 The Return of Maxim (Russian: Возвращение Максима) is a 1937 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg the second part of trilogy about the life of a young factory worker Maxim.In July 1914 the Bolsheviks and Mensehviks compete for representation of the working-class in the Duma. Maksim who just returned from exile calls the workers to strike as a protest against the firing of six of their colleagues. The traitor Platon Dymba assaults Maksim wounding him severely.
 Chitchor (also transliterated as Chit Chor) is a 1976 Hindi romantic musical film. The film's title means Heart Stealer in Hindi. The film is a Rajshri Productions film produced by Tarachand Barjatya. It is based on a Bengali story Chittachakor by Subodh Ghosh.
 The Lost Tribe (1949) is the second Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures. The film features Johnny Weissmuller in his second performance as the protagonist adventurer Jungle Jim and Joseph Vitale and George J. Lewis as the film's antagonists. It was directed by William Berke and written by Don Martin and Arthur Hoerl.The film follows Jungle Jim struggling to protect a legendary African city from harm and exploitation. Filming took place in September 1948.
 Joe Hill is a 1971 biopic about Swedish-American labor activist Joe Hill born Joel Emanuel Hägglund in Gävle Sweden. It was directed by Bo Widerberg and depicts Hill's involvement with the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) union and his trial for murder during which he defends himself. It won the Jury Prize at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.
 Company Business is a 1991 spy film written and directed by Nicholas Meyer and starring Gene Hackman and Mikhail Baryshnikov.
 The Easy Way is a 2008 French heist film directed by Jean-Paul Rouve who stars in it as the titular role ; real life thief Albert Spaggiari known as the organizer of a break-in into a Société Générale bank in Nice France in 1976. The original French title is Sans arme ni haine ni violence (literally Without weapon nor hatred nor violence) in reference to the note Albert Spaggiari left in the bank after completing the robbery.
 Firestarter is a 1984 science fiction thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King. The plot concerns a young girl who develops pyrokinesis and the secret government agency which seeks to control her. The film was directed by Mark L. Lester and stars David Keith Drew Barrymore and George C. Scott.
 The Garment Jungle is a 1957 American crime film noir directed by Vincent Sherman and Robert Aldrich and written by Lester Velie and Harry Kleiner. The drama features Gia Scala Lee J. Cobb Kerwin Mathews and Richard Boone.
 Liliom is a 1934 French fantasy film directed by Fritz Lang based on the Hungarian stage play of the same name by Ferenc Molnár. The film stars Charles Boyer as Liliom a carousel barker who is fired from his job after defending the chambermaid Julie (Madeleine Ozeray) from the jealousy of Mme. Muscat the carousel owner who is infatuated with Liliom. He moves in with Julie and they begin an affair.
 The Blue Umbrella is a 2013 Pixar computer-animated short film that was released alongside Monsters University. The short is directed by Saschka Unseld of Pixar's technical department. The short featured new techniques in photorealistic lighting shading and compositing.
 Det stod i avisen is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Henning Moritzen.
 The Exterminating Angel (Spanish: El ángel exterminador) is the second of the Buñuel/Alatriste/Pinal film trilogy written and directed by Spanish filmmaker Luis Buñuel starring Silvia Pinal and produced by her then-husband Gustavo Alatriste.It is considered by the Mexican film critics as the 16th best film of the Mexican cinema and one of the best 1000 films by the New York Times.The Exterminating Angel was released on R4 DVD by Madman Entertainment's Directors Suite in 2006.
 Wanted: Dead or Alive is a 1987 film directed by Gary Sherman and starring Rutger Hauer as Nick Randall the descendant of the character Josh Randall played by Steve McQueen in the 1958 television series of the same name.
 The Hussar Ballad (Russian: Гусарская баллада) is a 1962 Soviet musical film by Eldar Ryazanov filmed on Mosfilm. In effect it is one of the best loved musical comedies in Russia.With most of its dialogue delivered in verse Ryazanov's script romanticizes the adventures of Nadezhda Durova during the Napoleonic wars. The swift paced action packed humor filled adventure is ingeniously mixed with light-hearted acting bravado and memorable operetta pieces.
 Premalo...ABC is an upcoming Telugu film produced by J.V.Reddy under the banner ag&ag entertainments. The story revolves around 3 friends and the situations and challenges they run into. Its a Love and action entertainer made with all commercial elements needed for a Telugu cinema.
 Una gita scolastica (internationally released as A School Outing) is an Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati. It entered the 40° Venice Film Festival. The film won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Director Best Score Best Actor Best New Actress and Best Original Script .
 Tenth Avenue Angel is a 1948 American film that chronicles the life and family of Flavia Mills (Margaret O'Brien) in the late 1930s. Filming took place March–May 1946 with retakes in April 1947. However the film was not released until February 20 1948.
 Barsaat (English: Rain) is a 1995 Hindi romantic film which was the debut of Bobby Deol (son of veteran actor Dharmendra) and Twinkle Khanna (daughter of late actor Rajesh Khanna). The film was directed by Rajkumar Santoshi. The movie was initially titled Jaan later changed to Meri Jeet then Jeet and then Satwa Asmaan before the Deols settled on Barsaat.
 At the Old Stage Door is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the Museum of Modern Art.
 Seven Times Seven (Italian: Sette volte sette) is a 1968 Italian crime comedy caper directed by Michele Lupo and starring Gastone Moschin.
 The Sea Village (갯마을 - Gaetmaeul) is a 1965 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Care Bears Nutcracker Suite is the third and final television film to feature the Care Bears characters. Produced by the Canadian animation studio Nelvana it is loosely based on the Nutcracker ballet by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (adapted in turn from E. T. A. Hoffmann's story The Nutcracker and the Mouse King). It was directed by Joseph Sherman and Laura Shepherd and produced by Nelvana's founders: Michael Hirsh Patrick Loubert and Clive A.
 Be a Wicked Woman (천사여 악녀가 되라 Cheonsayeo aknyeoga doera) also known as Angel Become an Evil Woman is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 The Ferryman is a New Zealand made film directed by Chris Graham and starring British actor John Rhys-Davies and New Zealand actress Amber Sainsbury the film was released in the middle of 2007.The 1970s style film follows a group of twenty-something's who charter a boat to Fiji for the trip of a lifetime before stumbling upon an evil that demands vengeance at any cost.The film has sold to over 38 countries including the United States Great Britain Germany and most of Asia with worldwide sales receipts now in the millions of dollars.
 Hard Grit (1998) is a climbing film produced by Slackjaw Film featuring climbing on gritstone in the North of England. It has won ten international film festival awards.
 An upcoming romantic comedy film yet to be titled is directed by Marc Lawrence based on a screenplay written by him. The film stars Hugh Grant as a washed-up screenwriter who begins teaching at a small college and Marisa Tomei as a single mom with whom the screenwriter finds romance. The film began development at Castle Rock Entertainment in October 2012 and filming began in New York in April 2013. A release date has yet to be announced.
 A Conversation with Norman produced and directed by Jonathan M. Parisen is a Horror film homage to Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.It took six years on and off for the filmmaker to get the film made due to problems with sets and casting.
 Brass Monkey (1948) is a British comedy thriller with musical asides directed by Thornton Freeland. It stars Carroll Levis a radio variety show host and talent scout (known as Britains favorite Canadian) and American actress Carole Landis. This was Landis' last film. Also known as The Lucky Mascot the film is noted for an early appearance by comic actor Terry-Thomas playing himself. Though made in 1948 The Brass Monkey wasn't released until 1951.
 A Home on the Range: The Jewish Chicken Ranchers of Petaluma is a 2002 documentary by Bonnie Burt and Judith Montell about a group of Jews who fled from pogroms in Eastern Europe and prejudice in America to organized a socialist society in rural Northern California where they relied on raising chickens to support themselves.
 Chengdu I Love You (Chinese: 成都我爱你; translit. Chengdu Wo Ai Ni) is a Chinese film directed by Cui Jian and Fruit Chan and released in October 2009. Runtime is 78 minutes with languages in Mandarin and English.
 Student of the Year is a 2012 Indian coming-of-age romantic comedy film directed by Karan Johar and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions and Gauri Khan in collaboration with Red Chillies Entertainment. The movie features newcomers Siddharth Malhotra Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan in the lead roles with Rishi Kapoor Sana Saeed Ronit Roy Ram Kapoor and Farida Jalal in supporting roles.
 Waiting is a 1991 Australian film directed by Jackie McKimmie. At the AFI Awards Fiona Press won the Best Actress in a Supporting Role award and the film was nominated in 4 other categories. Jackie McKimmie was awarded the OCIC Award - Honorable Mention in the Venice Film Festival.Friends meet at a farm house to await the birth of a baby.
 Heart is a 1987 film directed by James Lemmo.
 Welcome Danger (1929) is a comedy film directed by Clyde Bruckman and starring Harold Lloyd in his first talkie. Harold plays a student who helps the San Francisco police investigate a crime wave in that city's Chinatown district.
 Excess Baggage is a lost 1928 American silent comedy film directed by James Cruze and distributed by MGM. The film was based on the play of the same name by John McGowan and starred William Haines Josephine Dunn and Kathleen Clifford.
 Historia de un gran amor (A Great Love Story) is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 El abanico de Lady Windermere (Lady Windermere's Fan) is a 1944 Mexican film directed by Juan José Ortega.
 Americas in Transition is a 1981 American short documentary film directed by Obie Benz. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 For the Russian NGO see GOLOS AssociationGolos (Russian: Голос also known in English as Voice) is a 1982 psychological drama set in Soviet Union. Based on the screenplay of the same name by Natalya Ryazantseva and directed by Ilya Averbakh. This is the last film by director Ilya Averbakh.
 Wild Wild Susan is a lost 1925 silent film comedy by director A. Edward Sutherland and starred popular Bebe Daniels. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed.
 Neuf mois (English: Nine Months) is a 1993 romantic comedy film stars Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu Catherine Jacob Patrick Braoudé Daniel Russo Patrick Bouchitey and Pascal Légitimus. The movie resulted in the US remake Nine Months.
 La Calle de los amores (The Street of Love) is a 1954 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Lover of the Monster (Italian: Le amanti del mostro) is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Gun Law is a 1919 American short Western film directed by John Ford.
 Engal Aasan is a 2009 Tamil-language film directed by film director Kalaimani starring Vijayakanth in the lead role and Vikranth plays a supporting role. It began its first schedule on 12 March 2008 and released in July 2009. The film upon release could not release the big theatres and became a colossal flop upon release.
 Inside is a social film thriller brought to viewers through a partnership by Intel and Toshiba. Directed and written by D. J. Caruso and starring Emmy Rossum the experience is broken up into several segments across multiple social media platforms including Facebook YouTube and Twitter. Viewers are challenged to help Rossum’s character Christina safely make it out of her predicament.
 The Navigator is a 1924 comedy directed by and starring Buster Keaton. The film was written by Clyde Bruckman and co-directed by Donald Crisp.
 Airport is a 1993 Tamil action film directed by Joshi. It features Sathyaraj in the main lead along with Gauthami pairing with him. It is a different type of movie with no songs. It received positive review from the critics. Malayalam actor M. G. Soman played the main villain.
 Jubilee is a 2008 Malayalam family-thriller film written and directed by G. George.It has Saiju Kurup in the lead role of Jojithe youngest son of Thomas Kora Saheb(Innocent).The female lead role is played by Manasa.The songs were written by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri and composed by Shyam Dharman.
 Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs (also known as Ice Age 3: Dawn of the Dinosaurs or simply as Ice Age 3) is a 2009 American 3-D computer animated comedy adventure film and the third installment in the Ice Age series. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 The Boys in the Band is a 1970 American drama film directed by William Friedkin. The screenplay by Mart Crowley is based on his Off Broadway play of the same title Crowley penned a sequel to the play years later entitled The Men from the Boys.
 The Maniac Cook is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Diamant (1916) is a 1916 Dutch silent film directed by Johan Gildemeijer.
 The Bowery is a 1933 historical film about the Lower East Side of Manhattan around the start of the 20th century directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Wallace Beery and George Raft.
 Rosa de América is a 1946 Argentine film.
 Bushfire Moon is a 1987 film from Australian about a young boy who thinks a swagman is Santa Claus.
 Future Past is a 1987 Australian science-fiction film.
 Speechless (Chinese: 無言; pinyin: Wu yan) is a 2012 Hong Kong — mainland China film about a mute Frenchman who is found naked by the banks of a river in Wuhan in mainland China. He is rescued and sent to a local hospital where he is treated by a male nurse who cares for him and later discovers the secrets of his past.Speechless is the third feature film by director Simon Chung.
 The Robin Hood of El Dorado is a western film directed by William A. Wellman for MGM in 1936. The film stars Warner Baxter as real life Mexican folk hero Joaquin Murrieta and Ann Loring as his love interest with Bruce Cabot as Bill Warren. J. Carrol Naish portrays Murrietta's notorious nemesis Three-Fingered Jack. The movie portrays Joaquin Murrietta as the Robin Hood of Old California in 1850 a kind gentle man who was driven to violence.
 The Sundowners is a 1960 film that tells the story of an Australian outback family torn between the father's desires to continue his nomadic sheep-herding ways and the wife's and son's desire to settle down in one place.
 Black Narcissus is a 1947 film by the British writer-producer-director team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger based on the 1939 novel by Rumer Godden.
 Without Limit is a lost 1921 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It was directed by George D. Baker and stars Anna Q. Nilsson. The film is based on the story The Temple of Dusk by Calvin Johnston that was published in The Saturday Evening Post.
 Rasmus på luffen is a 1981 Swedish film directed by Olle Hellbom. It is based on the 1955 film Luffaren och Rasmus by Astrid Lindgren the book Rasmus på luffen by Lindgren was published in 1956. The story is set in the year 1910 and is about the child Rasmus who runs away from the orphanage Västerhaga and meets the tramp Oskar. It was re-released on DVD in 2003.This was the final film of director Hellbom who died the next year.
 Stalker is an Irish psychological thriller written and directed by Mark O'Connor.
 The Help is a 2011 American drama film directed and written by Tate Taylor and adapted from Kathryn Stockett's 2009 novel of the same name. Featuring an ensemble cast the film is about a young white woman Eugenia Skeeter Phelan and her relationship with two black maids Aibileen Clark and Minny Jackson during Civil Rights era America (the early 1960s).
 Lalitha is a Tamil language film directed by Valampuri Somanathan. Starring Sujatha in the eponymous role the film has Gemini Ganesan and Kamal Haasan and Sumithra playing other pivotal roles.
 The L.A. Riot Spectacular is a satire film about the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Written and directed by music video director Marc Klasfeld the film stars Emilio Estevez Snoop Dogg Charles S. Dutton Charles Durning Christopher McDonald Michael Buffer Ted Levine Jonathan Lipnicki and Ron Jeremy.
 Best is a 2000 British film portraying the football career of the Northern Irish soccer star George Best particularly his years spent at Manchester United. It was directed by Mary McGuckian.
 Apa Kata Hati is a Malaysian comedy and romantic film released on 29 May 2008. This film is directed by Saw Teong Hin.
 Blue/Orange is a 2005 television film by English dramatist Joe Penhall adapted from his play of the same title. This sardonically comic film that touches on race mental illness and 21st century British life was directed by Howard Davies for BBC Four starring Brian Cox John Simm and Shaun Parkes.
 Innocence is a 2004 French film written and directed by Lucile Hadžihalilović based on the novella Mine-Haha or On the Bodily Education of Young Girls by Frank Wedekind and starring Marion Cotillard. It takes place at a mysterious girls' boarding school where new students arrive in coffins. The film was well received by critics winning five awards.
 The Monster (Arabic: El Wahsh‎ Arabic: الوحش‎) is a 1954 Egyptian crime film directed by Salah Abouseif. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Zona Zamfirova (Serbian Cyrillic: Зона Замфирова) is a 2002 comedy-drama film directed by Zdravko Šotra. It is based on the 1906 book by Serbian author Stevan Sremac.
 Hangar 18 is a 1980 science fiction film that was released to capitalize on the UFO interest of the era. The film itself carries ties to Area 51 as well as ufology. Although it flopped (reportedly earning a gross of only $6 million) it tantalized those who saw government cover-ups of UFOs (such as the Roswell incident).
 The Journey to Melonia (Swedish: Resan till Melonia) is a 1989 Swedish-Norwegian animated fantasy adventure film directed by Per Åhlin very loosely based on William Shakespeare's The Tempest. It was Per Åhlin's first fully animated feature film since his earlier films Out of an Old Man's Head and Dunderklumpen! had both used a mix of animation and live action.
 Ishq Per Zor Nahin is a 1970 Hindi movie produced by Suresh Saigal and directed by Ramesh Saigal. The film stars Dharmendra Sadhana Biswajeet Kamini Kaushal Jagdeep Nadira and Helen. The films music is by S. D. Burman. This is the only film in which Biswajit and Sadhna worked together. Incidentally this the only film Dharmendra and Sadhana worked for the first and last time.
 Tarzan of the Apes is a 1918 American action/adventure silent film directed by Scott Sidney starring Elmo Lincoln Enid Markey George B. French and Gordon Griffith. The movie was the first Tarzan movie ever made and is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' original novel Tarzan of the Apes. The movie adapts only the first part of the novel the remainder becoming the basis for the sequel The Romance of Tarzan. The film is considered the most faithful to the novel of all the film adaptations.
 Naukar Wohti Da is a 1974 Super-hit Pakistani Punjabi film starring Munawar Zarif and Aasia. This film was the greatest hit of Munawar Zarif as a leading actor. It was later remade in India as Naukar Biwi Ka.
 Roar of the Press is a 1941 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Love and Hate is a 1924 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring George Foley Eve Chambers and Frank Perfitt. It was made by British & Colonial Kinematograph Company at the company's Walthamstow Studios.
 Nasrani is a 2007 Malayalam action drama film starring Mammootty and directed by Joshiy and produced by Rajan Thaliparambu. Story Screenplay and Dialogues are by Ranjith. The film tells the story of a typical Achayan from a Syrian Catholic family in Travancore.
 Shooting Range (Russian:Тир) is a 1979 Soviet animation film directed by Vladimir Tarasov. The film is close to twenty minutes in length and contains a large amount of seemingly nonsensical semi-abstract imagery all set to jazz. It is a satirical critique of Capitalism and life in America.
 De Stilte van het Naderen (English title: Silence of the Soul) is a 2000 Dutch film directed by Stephan Brenninkmeijer.
 Salvatore Giuliano is a 1962 Italian film directed by Francesco Rosi. Shot in a neo-realist documentary non-linear style it follows the lives of those involved with the famous Sicilian bandit Salvatore Giuliano. Giuliano is mostly off-screen during the film and appears most notably as a corpse.
 What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American romantic comedy film from 20th Century Fox starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher. The title is based on the Las Vegas marketing catchphrase What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
 XCU: Extreme Close Up is a 2001 film directed by Sean S. Cunningham.
 The Castle of Purity (Spanish: El castillo de la pureza) is a 1972 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Ripstein. Based on a true story it depicts a disciplined and sexually driven man who keeps his family isolated in his home for years to protect them from the evil nature of human beings while inventing with his wife rat poison.
 I Love You is a 2007 Bengali romance film by Ravi Kinagi. This movie has a similar plot to Maine Pyar Kiya (1989) directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya. The movie was actually inspired by the 2005 Telugu film Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana.
 The Big House is a 1930 film starring Robert Montgomery Wallace Beery and Chester Morris directed by George W. Hill. The story and dialogue were written by Frances Marion with additional dialogue by Joseph Farnham and Martin Flavin.Lon Chaney Sr. was originally chosen for the role of Butch a violent career criminal who rules the prison cellblock. Due to Chaney's death this role went to Beery.
 My Date with the President's Daughter is a 1998 television film produced by Buena Vista Home Entertainment and Walt Disney. The film premiered as part of ABC's revival of The Wonderful World of Disney. It was shot in various locations around Toronto Ontario Canada.
 The Magnificent Cuckold or Il magnifico cornuto is a 1964 Italian film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli and based on the Belgian play Le Cocu magnifique.
 Gente bien is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Manuel Romero. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires on June 28 1939 and the United States on October 8 1939 and starred Hugo del Carril Tito Lusiardo and Delia Garcés.The score was composed by Francisco Canaro and Tito Ribero.
 December Pookal (English: December flowers) is a 1986 Tamil language film starring Mohan in the lead role of the protagonist Revathi Nalini Nizhalgal Ravi Goundamani and Senthil.
 American Pie is a series of teen films conceived by Adam Herz. The first film in the series was released on July 9 1999 by Universal Pictures and became a worldwide pop culture phenomenon spawning three direct sequels. The second and third films were released at two-year intervals whereas the fourth film was released in 2012. From 2005 to 2009 four spin-off films were released.
 The Immigrant is a 2013 American drama film directed by James Gray starring Marion Cotillard Joaquin Phoenix and Jeremy Renner. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. The working titles of the film were Low Life and The Nightingale.
 Puteri Impian (translated: Dream Princess) is a 1997 Malaysian romantic comedy film directed by Aziz M. Osman and starring Amy Mastura. The film follows the adventures of a young woman who wins the chance to be in a princess for one week in a reality television show. The film is dedicated to Princess Diana who died not long before the film was released.A sequel titled Puteri Impian 2 was released the following year in 1998.
 Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse is a 1973 horror film directed by Juan Luis Buñuel (the son of Luis Buñuel). It is also known as At the Meeting with Joyous Death (International English title) and Expulsion of the Devil (USA) and Lune lune coquelune.
 By Touch (Polish: Przez dotyk) is a 1986 Polish film directed by Magdalena Lazarkiewicz and written by Lazarkiewicz and Ilona Lepkowska. It was released in Poland on September 24 1986.
 Accidental Meeting is a 1994 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Michael Zinberg and starring Linda Gray and Linda Purl. The film was promoted as 'the female version of Strangers on a Train (1951)'.
 To Each His Own Cinema (French: Chacun son cinéma : une déclaration d'amour au grand écran) is a 2007 French anthology film commissioned for the 60th anniversary of the Cannes Film Festival. The film is a collection of 34 short films each 3 minutes in length by 36 acclaimed directors.
 Hong Kong Confidential is a 1958 film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Gene Barry and Allison Hayes.The film was made by Vogue Pictures an company controlled by Edward Small.
 The First Born is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Miles Mander and starring Mander Madeleine Carroll and John Loder. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures at Elstree Studios.
 Kuttettan is a 1990 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Joshy and written by A. K. Lohithadas. The film stars Mammootty Saritha Urvashi Lizy Maathu Sukumari Jagadish Murali and Jagannatha Varma.
 I Thought About You (思いはあなただけ Omoi wa anata dake) is a 1997 Japanese Pink film directed by Yukio Kitazawa. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 The Mad Songs of Fernanda Hussein is a 2001 film. In Greece the film is known as Ta tragoudia trelas tis Fernanda Hussein.
 U is a 2006 French animated film directed by Serge Élissalde and Grégoire Solotareff. It was at the 2007 Seattle International Film Festival.
 Because He's My Friend is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a married couple and their mentally disabled son.This was the final film of veteran American director Ralph Nelson.
 Inferno (released in the United Kingdom as Desert Heat) is a 1999 American action film directed by John G. Avildsen and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Danny Trejo and Pat Morita.Eddie Lomax (Van Damme) is a veteran soldier sick of life wandering the desert looking for a reason to die. An incident with a few thugs from the nearby town who steal Eddie's motorbike and beat him almost to death starts in Eddie a flame for revenge. Helped by Mr.
 Kanna Thorakkanum Saami is a 1986 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Govindraj for Punitha Cine Arts. The film stars Sivakumar and Jeevitha in the lead roles.
 Tragic Night (Italian:Tragica notte) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Doris Duranti Carlo Ninchi and Andrea Checchi. It is based on a 1928 novel by Delfino Cinelli. After being released from prison a poacher seeks revenge on the gamekeeper who put him there. It was made at the Scalera Studios in Rome.
 Ard al-Salam About this sound listen (Arabic: أرض السلام‎ English: Land of Peace) is a 1957 Egyptian war/drama film directed by the Egyptian film director Kamal El Sheikh. It starred Omar Sharif and Faten Hamama. In this film most of the characters speak Palestinian Arabic.
 Tip on a Dead Jockey is a 1957 film drama starring Robert Taylor.
 A Modern Hero is a 1934 American drama film starring Richard Barthelmess and directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. It was Pabst's only American talking film.
 Ko Ko...Koli Kothi is a Kannada romantic film genre starring Srinagar Kitty and Priyamani in the lead roles. The film is directed by Chandru. Ramana Gogula is the music director of the film. Bhaskar and Adhi have jointly produced the venture under Bharani films.
 Warning from Space or Mysterious Satellite (宇宙人東京に現わる Uchūjin Tokyo ni arawaru Spacemen Appear in Tokyo) is a Japanese science fiction tokusatsu film released in January 1956 by Daiei and was the first Japanese science fiction film to be produced in color. In the film's plot starfish-like aliens disguised as humans travel to Earth to warn of the imminent collision of a rogue planet and Earth.
 Big Tit Sisters: Blow Through the Valley (巨乳な姉妹　～谷間に吸いつけ～ Kyonyūna Shimai ~Tanima ni Suitsuke~) aka Three Rules to be the Witch (魔女になるための３つのルール Majo ni Naru Tame no Mittsu no Rūru) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Yumi Yoshiyuki. It was chosen as the 7th Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and the walkerplus film site named it the sixth best pink film of the year.
 True Files is a film set in 1936 about an American woman whose husband is shot while he's in bed with a prostitute.The film was also known as Shanghai Lilly. It was shot in Singapore and languished in legal limbo for a time after one of the financiers suffered a stroke. Eventually Lamond managed to sell it to 10 territories mostly in Asia.
 Speed Racer is a 2008 American-German action film based on the Japanese anime and manga series Speed Racer by Tatsunoko Productions. The film was written and directed by The Wachowskis and stars Emile Hirsch Christina Ricci John Goodman Susan Sarandon Matthew Fox Benno Fürmann Hiroyuki Sanada Rain and Richard Roundtree. The plot revolves around Speed Racer an 18-year-old automobile racer who follows his apparently deceased brother's career.
 Three Smart Boys is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas.It was the 153rd Our Gang short (154th episode 65th talking short and 66th talking episode) that was released.
 Legacy is a 2000 American documentary film directed by Tod Lending. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.The film tracks three different generations (over five years) of a family in Chicago that lives in the ghettos. Their lives change however after a life-altering event - the murder of a family member - slowly changes them to have a more positive outlook on life.
 The Illusionist (Dutch: De illusionist) is a 1983 Dutch comedy film directed by Jos Stelling and starring Freek de Jonge. The film has no dialogue. It won the Golden Calf for Best Feature Film at the 1984 Netherlands Film Festival.
 Bedwin Hacker is a Tunisian fictional film about a computer hacker and TV pirate who broadcasts messages promoting freedom and equality for North Africans and the attempt by the French DST to find her and stop her. Released in 2003 it predated the 2010 Arab Spring by several years. The film breaks several stereotypes of typical Tunisian cinema.
 The Castle (Danish: Slottet) is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Malene Schwartz.
 The Fifth Horseman is Fear (Czech: A pátý jezdec je strach) is a 1964 Czechoslovak New Wave film about the Holocaust that was directed by Zbyněk Brynych. Instead of depicting gas chambers and concentration camps the film examines the subtler but equally debilitating mental effects of oppression. Restricted by Stalinist censorship Brynych's uses Nazi fascism as a metaphor to speak out against Soviet communism highlighting the evils of both oppressive regimes.
 Poru Telangana is a 2011 Telugu-language film directed by R. Narayana Murthy. The star cast includes R. Narayana Murthy.
 Los Lobos del palmar is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Keep on Rockin' aka Little Richard: Keep on Rockin (USA video title) is a film of a 1969 Little Richard concert at the Sweet Toronto Peace Festival originally released in 1970. The film is in colour.
 Emergency Squad is a 1940 American adventure film directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 The Texans is a 1938 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by James P. Hogan and starring by Joan Bennett Randolph Scott and Walter Brennan. The screenplay was written by William Wister Haines Bertram Millhauser and Paul Sloane and is based on the story North of '36 by Emerson Hough. Most of the exterior scenes were filmed about 30 miles (48 km) east of Cotulla Texas on the 35000-acre (140 km2) La Mota Ranch. Other scenes were filmed near Laredo Texas.
 Laali (Kannada: ಲಾಲಿ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada drama film directed written and scripted by Dinesh Babu starring Vishnuvardhan Mohini and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles. The film was produced by Rockline Venkatesh under his home production Rockline Productions.The film was critically acclaimed upon release and won laurels at the Karnataka State Film Awards. While the film bagged the Second Best Film award the lead actor Vishnuvardhan was adjudged the Best Actor for the year 1997.
 Out of the Furnace is a 2013 American thriller film directed by Scott Cooper from a screenplay written by Cooper and Brad Ingelsby. Produced by Ridley Scott and Leonardo DiCaprio for Relativity Media the film stars Christian Bale Casey Affleck Woody Harrelson Zoe Saldana Forest Whitaker Willem Dafoe and Sam Shepard. The film received a limited release in Los Angeles and New York City on December 4 2013 followed by a wide theatrical release on December 6.
 O-Bi O-Ba: The End of Civilization (Polish: O-bi o-ba: Koniec cywilizacji) is a 1985 Polish drama science fiction film written and directed by Piotr Szulkin. Starring Jerzy Stuhr and Krystyna Janda the film takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where humans live in an isolated vault which is falling apart.
 Muhammad bin Thughlaq (Tamil: முகமது பின் துக்ளக்) is a 1971 socio-political satire comedy film in Tamil by Cho Ramaswamy. It is the film version of the stageplay of the same name. Both the play and the film is conceptualized wrote and directed by Cho who also stars as the titular character.
 Pattanapravesham (Malayalam: പട്ടണപ്രവേശം) is a 1988 Malayalam comedy film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan. It is the sequel to Nadodikkattu and follows the story of Dasan (Mohanlal) and Vijayan (Sreenivasan) who are now CIDs and are investigating a homicide case. The film was produced by Siyad Koker under the banner of Kokers Films.Just six months after the events of the prequel C.I.D. Ramdas (Mohanlal) and C.I.D.
 For a person who is virtuous see virtue.Virtuosity is a 1995 Science fiction techno-thriller film directed by Brett Leonard written by Eric Bernt and produced by Gary Lucchesi. The film stars Denzel Washington Kelly Lynch Russell Crowe Stephen Spinella William Forsythe Louise Fletcher William Fichtner Kevin J. O'Connor and Kaley Cuoco making her feature film debut. Howard W. Koch Jr. served as executive producer for the film.
 Barbie Mariposa (alternate title: Barbie: Mariposa and her Butterfly Fairy Friends) is a 2008 direct to video computer animated Barbie film which was released on February 26 2008. This film is a spin-off of the Barbie Fairytopia series but is not a canon sequel to the previous films.This is the first film in the series which Kelly Sheridan did not voice the protagonist being played by Barbie.
 Il commissario di ferro (internationally titled The Iron Commissioner and The Iron Superintendent) is a 1978 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi.
 Joe Palooka in the Big Fight is a 1949 comedy film directed by Cy Endfield.
 Grips Grunts and Groans is the 20th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Flamenco (Spanish: Duende y misterio del flamenco) is a 1952 Spanish documentary film directed by Edgar Neville. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cars is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy-adventure sports film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed and co-written by John Lasseter and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is Pixar's final independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney.
 For the 1994 novel of the same title see Beloved Enemy (Ellen Jones)Beloved Enemy is a 1936 American drama film directed by H.C. Potter and starring Merle Oberon Brian Aherne and David Niven. It was loosely based on the life of Michael Collins.
 Thaandavam is a 2012 Indian Tamil action thriller film directed by A. L. Vijay starring Vikram Jagapati Babu Anushka Shetty Amy Jackson and Lakshmi Rai. It is produced by UTV Motion Pictures and features music composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. Thaandavam was released worldwide on 28 September 2012 to mixed critical reception. Its dubbed Telugu version Siva Thaandavam was released on 5 October 2012.
 Hay Foot is a 1942 American military comedy the second of five World War II-themed Hal Roach's Streamliners starring William Tracy and Joe Sawyer (three additional entries in the series were produced after the war). Fred Guiol directed seven of the eight films the exception being 1951's As You Were. The leads were played by William Tracy and Joe Sawyer with co-stars James Gleason Noah Beery Jr. and Elyse Knox.
 Blood and Wine is a 1996 neo-noir thriller directed by Bob Rafelson from a screenplay written by Nick Villiers and Alison Cross. It features Jack Nicholson Stephen Dorff Jennifer Lopez Judy Davis and Michael Caine. Rafelson has stated that the film forms the final part of his unofficial trilogy with Nicholson with whom he made Five Easy Pieces and The King of Marvin Gardens in the 1970s.
 Tactical Force is 2011 feature film written and directed by Adamo Paolo Cultraro and starring Stone Cold Steve Austin Michael Jai White Candace Elaine Keith Jardine Michael Shanks Michael Eklund Darren Shahlavi and Lexa Doig. It was released on August 9 2011 in North America by Vivendi Entertainment (NYSE:VIV) and went on to become #10 in the top ten best selling DVDs in the United States for the month of August 2011.
 The Island President is a 2011 documentary film about the efforts of then-President of the Maldives Mohamed Nasheed to tackle rising sea levels resulting from climate change. Produced by Actual Films an Oscar- and Emmy-winning American documentary film company based in San Francisco and directed by Jon Shenk the film premiered at the Telluride Film Festival.The film was funded by groups including the Ford Foundation the American Corporation for Public Broadcasting the John D.
 Throwing Curves : Eva Zeisel is a 2002 documentary film directed by Jyll Johnstone. The film follows and interviews then-97-year-old Hungarian industrial designer and ceramic artist Eva Zeisel. It examines how her upbringing fame and personality have influenced her work and reputation to the present day. Zeisel narrates her own history including her escape from both the Soviet Union and Nazi-annexed Austria as family members friends and relevant experts offer insights into her character.
 I'm Going Home (French: Je rentre à la maison Portuguese: Vou Para Casa) is a 2001 French-Portuguese film written and directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
 Mean Streets is a 1973 crime film directed by Martin Scorsese and co-written by Scorsese and Mardik Martin. The film stars Harvey Keitel and Robert De Niro. It was released by Warner Bros. on October 2 1973.
 Cinema16: American Short Films is a DVD featuring American short films from directors such as Tim Burton Alexander Payne Maya Deren and George Lucas as well as less well known names. It is the fourth in a series of DVDs released by Cinema16.
 Matinee is a 1993 period comedy film directed by Joe Dante. It is a ensemble piece about a William Castle-type independent filmmaker with the home front in the Cuban Missile Crisis as a backdrop. The film stars John Goodman with Cathy Moriarty Simon Fenton Omri Katz Lisa Jakub and Kellie Martin. A then-unknown Naomi Watts has a small role as a character in a film within the film. The film was written by Jerico Stone and Charlie Haas the latter portraying Mr. Elroy a schoolteacher.
 I Live as I Please (Italian: Voglio vivere così) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.
 Fer Mamla Gadbad Gadbad (Punjabi: ਫੇਰ ਮਾਮਲਾ ਗੜਬੜ ਗੜਬੜ) is a Punjabi film scheduled for release. The film is to be released on 12 July 2013 starring Roshan Prince Japji Khera and Bhanu Sri Mehra.‘FMGG’ is a romantic-comedy story revolving around an aspiring actor ‘Jassi’ (Roshan Prince) who dreams of making a movie and launch himself as a ‘hero’.
 A Dark Truth (also known as The Truth) is a 2012 action thriller film directed and written by Damian Lee and produced by Gary Howsam and Bill Marks. The film stars Andy García Kim Coates Deborah Kara Unger Eva Longoria and Forest Whitaker. It premiered at the 2012 Boston Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on January 4 2013.
 Dancing Queen (Hangul: 댄싱퀸; RR: Daensing Kwin) is 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Uhm Jung-hwa and Hwang Jung-min. The film tells a story of a married couple who in the midst of their mundane lives decides to pursue their lost dreams. The husband finds himself accidentally running for Mayor of Seoul and his wife decides to become a pop singer. It was produced by JK Film and distributed by CJ Entertainment and released on January 18 2012.
 When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth is a 1970 movie starring Victoria Vetri set in the time of cavemen. The film was made by Britain's Hammer Films.Like several of Hammer's previous films such as One Million Years B.C. (1966) the film anachronistically portrays dinosaurs and humans alongside each other. Directed and scripted by Val Guest it was based on a treatment by J. G.
 Kantri (Telugu: కంత్రి) is a 2008 film starring Jr. NTR Hansika Motwani Tanisha Mukherjee and Prakash Raj. The film is directed by Meher Ramesh who is a protégé of Puri Jagannadh. The movie is produced by Vyjayanthi Movies and C. Ashwini Dutt. The film was released on 9 May 2008 and was an average at the box office. The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Ek Aur Qayamat.
 Peaceable Kingdom is a documentary produced in 2004 by Tribe of Heart is about several farmers who refuse to kill animals and how they convert to veganism as a way of life. A newer version of the film premiered in 2009 called Peaceable Kingdom: The Journey Home which featured different people.
 Dangerous Money is a 1946 American film directed by Terry O. Morse featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan. The is the second and last appearance of Willie Best as Chattanooga Brown the cousin of Charlie Chan's usual chauffeur Birmingham Brown (Mantan Moreland).
 Tillie Olsen: A Heart in Action is a 2007 documentary film directed and produced by Ann Hershey on the life and literary influence of Tillie Olsen the U.S. writer best known for the books Tell Me a Riddle (1961) and Yonnondio: From the Thirties (1974). The film includes extensive interviews with Olsen and with prominent fans of her work including writers Alice Walker and Florence Howe and feminist political leader Gloria Steinem.
 Lord of Tears is a 2013 Scottish horror film directed by Lawrie Brewster and his directorial debut. The film first released on October 25 2013 in Whitby at the Bram Stoker International Film Festival where it won two awards. The film follows an English schoolteacher that begins to see visions of the Owl Man a Slender Man-esque figure that he was obsessed with as a child.
 Boys Don't Cry is a 1999 American independent romantic drama film directed by Kimberly Peirce and co-written by Andy Bienen. The film is a dramatization of the real-life story of Brandon Teena a trans man played in the film by Hilary Swank who is beaten raped and murdered by his male acquaintances after they discover he is anatomically female. The picture explores the themes of freedom courage identity and empowerment.
 The Heckler is a 1940 short film directed by Del Lord.
 Cyclops (Croatian: Kiklop) is a 1982 Croatian film directed by Antun Vrdoljak based on the 1965 novel of the same title by Ranko Marinković.
 Hard Rock Treasures is a documentary film about Don The Indiana Jones of Rock 'n' Roll Bernstein from Hard Rock Cafe when he visits musicians to try to get memorabilia from them.Some of the memorabilia he gets includes Freddie Mercury's stage pants the Gibson guitar Tony Iommi used on the first four Black Sabbath albums the car James Hetfield drives in the video for Metallica's song I Disappear Slipknot's stage masks the bass guitar Michael Anthony used on the recording of Van Halen's 1984 album and a drum Ian Paice used on the recording for Deep Purple's Perfect Strangers album.The scenes with Dimebag Darrell at his home was shot just months before he was murdered on stage playing with Damageplan.
 Wanted is a 2010 Bengali-language Indian action film directed by Ravi Kinagi starring Jeet and Srabanti Chatterjee in the lead roles. The film is a remake of 2005 Telugu superhit film Athadu starring Mahesh Babu and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles. Wanted received mostly positive reviews and one of the biggest hit of 2010.
 The Omen (also known as The Omen: 666) is a 2006 remake of Richard Donner's The Omen. Directed by John Moore and written by David Seltzer the film stars Julia Stiles Liev Schreiber and Mia Farrow. It was released worldwide on June 6 2006.
 Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain is a 1999 Bollywood drama film starring Anil Kapoor Kajol Anupam Kher and Shakti Kapoor. Kajol was nominated for a Filmfare Best Actress Award. It is a remake of the Telugu film Pavithra Bandham starring Venkatesh and Soundarya.
 Foxy Lady is a 1971 film directed by Ivan Reitman. It was the director's debut feature film and was also the first film appearance of Eugene Levy.
 Confessions of an Opium Eater is a 1962 American film produced and directed by Albert Zugsmith. It is loosely based on the 1822 autobiographical novel Confessions of an English Opium-Eater by Thomas De Quincey. After circulating for years as a bootleg it was released on DVD as part of the Warner Archive Collection in 2012.The film was something of a departure for Price; the prolific actor never performed another role that involved so much physical action.
 Outlaw is a 2007 action-crime-drama film written and directed by British filmmaker Nick Love. Outlaw stars Sean Bean Danny Dyer Bob Hoskins Lennie James Rupert Friend and Sean Harris.The film is set in Britain in 2006. Sean Bean plays a soldier who returns home from duty to find that the country for which he has been fighting has become a war zone itself thanks to rampant crime. He joins forces with likeminded people to take on the evil that threatens to take over his home.
 Raskolnikow is a 1923 drama film directed by Robert Wiene. The film is based on the novel Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky whose protagonist is Rodion Romanovich Raskolnikov. The film's art direction is by André Andrejew.The film is characterised by Jason Buchanan of Allmovie as a German expressionist view of the story: a nightmarish avante-garde or experimental psychological drama.
 Mr. Brooks is a 2007 American psychological thriller film directed by Bruce A. Evans starring Kevin Costner Demi Moore Dane Cook and William Hurt. It was released on June 1 2007. The film follows the eponymous character a celebrated Portland businessman and serial killer who is forced to take on a protégé (Cook) after being blackmailed and has to contend with his bloodthirsty alter ego (Hurt) who convinces him to indulge his habit.
 I figli di nessuno (internationally released as Nobody's Children) is an Italian drama film directed by Bruno Gaburro and released in 1974. The film is part of the genre of Italian melodramatic films known as tearjerker movies or lacrima movies. It is the remake of Raffaello Matarazzo's I Figli di nessuno.
 Muqaddar Ka Sikandar (English: Conqueror of Destiny) is a 1978 Indian Hindi drama film. Produced and directed by Prakash Mehra it stars Amitabh Bachchan in his fifth of nine films with Prakash Mehra to date. The films also stars Vinod Khanna Raakhee Rekha and Amjad Khan.The film was the top grossing hit of 1978. The film was the third biggest hit of the decade after Sholay and Bobby.
 Chunuk Bair is a 1992 New Zealand film based on the play Once on Chunuk Bair (1982) by Maurice Shadbolt.Set in 1915 the film tells of the Wellington Regiment part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force present at Gallipoli during World War I. On 8 August 1915 the Regiment took and held Chunuk Bair one of the Turkish hills.Chunuk Bair was produced by Daybreak Pictures in association with Avalon and the National Film Unit.
 Submarine I-57 Will Not Surrender (潜水艦イ-57降伏せず Sensuikan I-57 kofuku sezu) is a 1959 Japanese war film directed by Shūe Matsubayashi.Special effects were made by Eiji Tsuburaya.
 Ejamaan is a 1993 Tamil romantic drama film directed by R. V. Udhayakumar. It stars Rajinikanth Meena and Napoleon in the lead roles. It was a box office success and completed a 100-day run in theaters.
 Sehar (2005) is an Indian Hindi language action crime drama film directed by Kabeer Kaushik starring Arshad Warsi Pankaj Kapur Sushant Singh and Mahima Chaudhary. Based on real-life incidents and individuals the film depicts organized crime in the late '90s in the state of Uttar Pradesh India and how the State Police worked to tackle it.
 The American Prisoner is a 1929 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Carl Brisson Madeleine Carroll and Cecil Barry. It was adapted from the 1904 novel The American Prisoner by Eden Phillpotts. An American sailor imprisoned on Dartmoor during the American War of Independence manages to escape and fall in love with a local Squire's daughter.
 En attendant les hommes is a 2007 documentary film about women muralists in Oualata Mauritania. In this town on the far edge of the Sahara desert three women practice traditional painting and decorate the walls of the town. In a society apparently dominated by tradition religion and men these women unreservedly express themselves and comment freely on the relationship between men and women.
 Dad's Dead is a seven minute award winning film written and directed by Chris Shepherd commissioned by animate!. It was first transmitted on Channel 4 in 2003. Mixing animation with live action it deals with how memory works.On 27 August 2007 Dad's Dead was released as an extra on the DVD release of Danny Boyle's science fiction film Sunshine.
 A Hole of My Own Making (自分の穴の中で Jibun no Ana no Naka de) is a 1955 black and white Japanese film directed by Tomu Uchida.
 The Tricky Game of Love (Czech: Hry lásky šálivé) is a Czech comedy film directed by Jirí Krejcík. It was released in 1971.
 Visiting Hours (also known as Get Well Soon and The Fright) is a 1982 slasher film starring Michael Ironside Lee Grant Linda Purl William Shatner and Lenore Zann. It was directed by Jean-Claude Lord and written by Brian Taggert.
 USS Cooper: Return to Ormoc Bay is a 2001 Philippine documentary film produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and directed by Daniel Foster. The film documents the fate of an American destroyer that was torpedoed during World War II.
 Vaigasi Poranthachu is a 1990 Tamil drama film directed by Radha Bharathi. The film features Prashanth and Kaveri in lead roles. The film produced by K. Prabakaran had musical score by Deva and was released on 16 November 1990. The film marked the debut of Thiagarajan's son Prashanth. The film was remade in Hindi as I Love You starring Prashanth reprising his role from the original and Sabah.
 Churchill and the Generals is a 1979 BBC television videotaped play concerning the relationship between Winston Churchill and generals of the Allied forces set in the Cabinet Office and War Rooms between 1940 and 1945. It was written by Ian Curteis (with Peter Young as military advisor). It was first broadcast on BBC 2 on 23 September 1979 and repeated on BBC 1 on 22 August 1981.
 Ee Puzhayum Kadannu(Malayalam : ഈ പുഴയും കടന്ന്) is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and starring Dileep and Manju Warrier.The film was a box office hit.[citation needed]
 House Party 4: Down to the Last Minute is a 2001 comedy film. It is the stand-alone fourth installment in the House Party film series. It stars IMx and is the only film in the series to not star Kid 'n Play. This is IMx's second House Party film having also appeared in House Party 3 when they were known as Immature and portrayed entirely different characters than they do in this film.
 The Sword (剣 Ken) is a 1964 Japanese film directed by Kenji Misumi. From a screenplay by Kazuro Funabashi based upon the short story Ken (Sword) by Yukio Mishima.
 Pater is a 2011 French drama film directed by Alain Cavalier. It premiered In Competition on May 17 at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Thunderbolt (Chinese: 霹靂火) (Piklik Foh) is a 1995 Hong Kong action film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Jackie Chan. In some early North American releases it was known as Dead Heat.Thunderbolt is set around the world of auto racing. The film is also multilingual with characters speaking Cantonese English and Japanese interchangeably. Because Jackie had injured his leg during the shooting of Rumble in the Bronx he was unable to perform some of the stunts.
 Curly Top (1935) is an American musical film directed by Irving Cummings. The screenplay by Patterson McNutt and Arthur J. Beckhard focuses on the adoption of a young orphan (Shirley Temple) by a wealthy bachelor (John Boles) and his romantic attraction to her older sister (Rochelle Hudson).Together with The Littlest Rebel another Temple vehicle the film was listed as one of the top box office draws of 1935 by Variety.
 The Woman in Black: Angel of Death is an upcoming 2015 British horror film to be directed by Tom Harper and written by Jon Croker. It is to be produced by Hammer Film Productions and Alliance Films. It is scheduled to be released in the United Kingdom in 2015.
 Aaynate (Bengali: আয়নাতে English: In the Mirror) is a 2008 Bengali drama film directed by Dulal Dey. The film stars Rituparna Sengupta Firdous Ahmed and Rati Agnihotri first appearance in Bengali cinema.
 Vikadakavi is a 2011 Tamil comedy film directed by G. Krishnan a former sound engineer. It stars Amala Paul and debutant Sathish in the lead roles. A low-budget production the film had a limited release on 22 April 2011.
 Incident at Map Grid 36-80 (Russian: «Случай в квадрате 36-80» translit. Sluchay v kvadrate 36-80) is a 1982 Soviet military action movie by Mikhail Tumanishvili. Total number of Soviet audience estimated 33 million 100 thousand.
 Black Cobra Woman (Italian: Eva nera) also known as Black Cobra is an Italian 1976 exploitation movie written and directed by Joe D'Amato.
 C.I.D.Moosa is a 2003 Malayalam slapstick comedy film written by the duo Udayakrishna and Siby K. Thomas directed by Johny Antony and co-produced by and starring Dileep in the title role. The film also stars Harisree Ashokan Cochin Haneefa Jagathy Sreekumar Bhavana Oduvil Unnikrishnan Saleem Kumar and Ashish Vidyarthi. The film is a parody of the spy genre such as the James Bond series and C.I.D.
 Zehreela Insaan is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by Virendra Sinha. The film stars Rishi Kapoor Moushumi Chatterjee Neetu Singh Pran Nirupa Roy Dara Singh Iftekhar Madan Puri and Paintal.It is a remake of a 1972 Kannada movie Naagarahaavu.Although the Hindi version did not do well in the box office and is forgotten one song O Hansini from the film sung by Kishore Kumar still stands out.
 Untamed is a 1929 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer drama/comedy/romance motion picture starring Joan Crawford and Robert Montgomery. Others in the cast include Ernest Torrence Holmes Herbert Gwen Lee and Lloyd Ingraham.Directed by Jack Conway the script was adapted by Sylvia Thalberg and Frank Butler with dialogue by Willard Mack from a story by Charles E. Scoggins. Made during MGM's transition from silent to sound movies Untamed was Crawford's first talkie.
 Prison (Swedish: Fängelse) is a 1949 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman.
 Always Goodbye is a 1938 American romance drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Barbara Stanwyck Herbert Marshall and Ian Hunter.
 Outside Bet also known as Weighed In: The Story of the Mumper is a British comedy film directed by Sacha Bennett and starring Bob Hoskins Jenny Agutter Philip Davis and Adam Deacon. The film was released on April 27 2012.
 Hobbi al-Wahid About this sound listen (Arabic: حبي الوحيد‎ English: My Only Love) is a 1960 Egyptian drama/romance film directed by the Egyptian film director Kamal El Sheikh. It starred Omar Sharif Kamal Al-Shennawi and Nadia Lutfi.
 Long Weekend (released on video in the U.S. as Nature's Grave) is a 2008 Australian psychological horror film and the remake of the 1978 Australian film Long Weekend. It was directed by Jamie Blanks.
 Swarnam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2008.
 Ang Totoong Buhay ni Pacita M. is a 1991 Metro Manila Film Festival entry that tells the story of a singer-entertainer Pacita M. ( Nora Aunor) in a seedy Quezon City nightclub. Pacita has chosen the unworthy occupation of becoming a singer and standup comedian and this is another source of conflict between her and the girl's proud aristocratic grandmother. Pacita in earlier scenes is shown as one lacking in manners is being tried for killing her daughter Grace (Lotlot de Leon).
 The Naked City (1948) is a black-and-white film noir directed by Jules Dassin. Based on a story by Malvin Wald the film depicts the police investigation that follows the murder of a young model. A veteran cop is placed in charge of the case and he sets about with the help of other beat cops and detectives to find the girl's killer.
 Iodine is a 2009 Canadian Sci-Fi drama film written and directed by Michael Stasko.
 Till The Clouds Roll By is a 1946 American musical film made by MGM. The film is a fictionalized biography of composer Jerome Kern (portrayed by Robert Walker) who was originally involved with the production of the film but died before it was completed.
 The Last Ride to Santa Cruz (German: Der Letzte Ritt nach Santa Cruz) is a 1964 West German Western film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Edmund Purdom.
 Puppet Master II (Otherwise known as Puppet Master II: His Unholy Creations ) is a 1991 direct-to-video horror film written by David Pabian and directed by Dave Allen. It is the second film in the Puppet Master franchise the sequel to 1989's Puppet Master and stars Elizabeth Maclellan Gregory Webb Charlie Spradling Jeff Weston and Nita Talbot as paranormal investigators who are terrorized by the animate creations of an undead puppeteer played by Steve Welles.
 Spinout is a 1966 American musical film and comedy starring Elvis Presley as the lead singer of a band and part-time race car driver. The film was #57 on the year end list of the top-grossing films of 1966.
 Help! I'm a Fish (Danish: Hjælp jeg er en fisk; a.k.a. A Fish Tale) is a 2000 Danish animated film directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Michael Hegner It was released on October 6 2000 in Denmark and released on August 10 2001 in United Kingdom.Danish teen-pop girl-group Little Trees performed the title track Help! I'm a Fish (Little Yellow Fish) which was released as a single in the UK. Fellow Danish girl group Creamy also recorded a version of the song.
 Tomorrow at Seven is a 1933 American film directed by Ray Enright by M&A Alexander Productions Inc.
 Katie Tippel (Dutch title: Keetje Tippel) is a 1975 film by Paul Verhoeven. The film is based on the memoirs of Neel Doff (1858–1942) and was the most expensive Dutch film produced up to that time. The film was a box office success taking in 1829116 admissions in the Netherlands.
 Wyoming Renegades is a 1954 Western film directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Phil Carey Gene Evans and Martha Hyer. The film features Butch Cassidy as the leader of the Hole in the Wall Gang. The film was shot from June 21 to June 30 1954 at the Iverson Movie Ranch
 Other People's Money is a 1991 drama/romantic comedy film starring Danny DeVito Gregory Peck and Penelope Ann Miller. It is based on the play of the same name by Jerry Sterner the film adaptation being directed by veteran Norman Jewison and written by Alvin Sargent.This was the last substantial feature film role of Gregory Peck. He did appear in one other 1991 release Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear (coincidentally a remake of one his most famous films) but only briefly as a Southern lawyer.
 Man to Men (French:D'homme à hommes is a 1948 French-Swiss historical drama film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Jean-Louis Barrault Bernard Blier and Hélène Perdrière.
 3096 (3096 Tage) is a 2013 German drama film directed by Sherry Hormann. The film is based on the true story of Natascha Kampusch a 10-year old girl and her eight-year ordeal being kidnapped by Wolfgang Přiklopil. Northern Irish actress Antonia Campbell-Hughes portrays Kampusch while Thure Lindhardt plays Přiklopil.The film was writer Bernd Eichinger's last film before his sudden death and Martin Moskowicz head of TV and Film at Constantin Film and Ruth Toma (Gloomy Sunday) took over.
 The Doll (German: Die Puppe) is a 1919 romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch . The film is loosely based on the same short story which inspired the ballet Coppélia.
 The Wedding Guest is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Amazons is an American made-for-television thriller film first aired on ABC on January 29 1984. Film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and starring Madeleine Stowe as Dr. Sharon Fields a doctor framed for malpractice following the death of a patient an influential congressman.
 Creatures the World Forgot is a 1971 adventure film directed by Don Chaffey and produced and written for Hammer Films by Michael Carreras. The film concentrates on the daily struggle to survive of a tribe of Stone Age men. Very little dialogue is spoken throughout the film apart from a few grunts and gestures.
 Massey Sahib is a 1985 Hindi film directed by Pradip Krishen starring Raghubir Yadav in the title role. It was Krishen's first film and was an adaptation of Joyce Cary's novel Mister Johnson. It won Yadav two international acting awards. The film also stars Arundhati Roy who was yet to write her first novel and win the Man Booker Prize along with Barry John and Veerendra Saxena.
 Land of Canaan is a Mystery-thriller film and is directed by Reginald LaFrance it stars Christina Applegate Robert Englund Juliet Landau and Neve Campbell.
 Once Upon a Dog (Once Upon a Time There Lived a Dog Russian: Жил-был пёс (Zhil-byl pyos)) is an acclaimed Soviet cartoon adapted from a Ukrainian folk tale.The cartoon won the first place at the 1983 International Film Festival in Odense and a special prize at the 1983 festival in Annecy.
 Spalding Gray's Swimming to Cambodia is a 1987 Jonathan Demme-directed performance film. The film is a performance of Spalding Gray's monologue which centered around such themes as his trip to Southeast Asia to create the role of the U.S. Ambassador's aide in The Killing Fields the Cold War Cambodia Year Zero and his search for his perfect moment. The film grossed slightly over $US1 million.
 This Year's Blonde is a 1980 low-budgeted American television drama film based on the Garson Kanin novel Moviola about 1950s sex symbol Marilyn Monroe. The movie starred Constance Forslund as Monroe Lloyd Bridges as Johnny Hyde and Norman Fell and was presented as part of a 3-night TV special event on NBC called Moviola: A Hollywood Saga.This Year's Blonde was the first of two TV movies about Monroe in 1980.
 Neang Champa Meas is a 1970 Khmer film directed by Saravuth and stars Vann Vannak and Vichara Dany.
 The Earrings of Madame de... (French title: Madame de...) is a 1953 drama film directed by Max Ophüls. It was adapted from Louise Leveque de Vilmorin's period novel by Ophüls Marcel Archard and Annette Wadement. This film is considered as a masterpiece of the 1950s French cinema. Andrew Sarris once called it the most perfect film ever made.
 Ode To Gallantry also known as Hap Haak Hang is a 1982 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The film was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio directed by Chang Cheh and starred the Venom Mob. Formerly one of the rarest Venom Mob martial arts films available it has been digitally remastered and released by Celestial Pictures.
 Redemption is a 1930 talking film directed by Fred Niblo produced and distributed by MGM and starring John Gilbert. Reportedly Lionel Barrymore filmed retakes in this picture. This film was actually Gilbert's first talking film but was released after the now infamous His Glorious Night which garnered disastrous reviews. The film was based on a stage play Redemption adapted by Arthur Hopkins (who had seen the play in Europe) from the novel The Living Corpse by Leo Tolstoy.
 For the television episode see List of Charmed episodes#Season 2.Pardon My Past is a 1945 comedy film about a penniless ex-veteran who gets mistaken for a millionaire by the latter's family and an unpaid bookie.
 Alchemy is a 2005 film starring Tom Cavanagh and Sarah Chalke. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2005. The film did not have a wide release in movie theaters so its big public premiere was on television on ABC Family on October 7 2005. It was written and directed by Evan Oppenheimer.
 Decadence is a 1994 British film starring Joan Collins and Steven Berkoff written and directed by Berkoff and based on his play of the same name.It was filmed entirely in Luxembourg and featured as guest stars Christopher Biggins Marc Sinden and Michael Winner.
 Ancient Chinese Whorehouse is a 1994 Hong Kong sex comedy film directed by Kai Ming Lai and written by Man Fai Ng starring Yvonne Yung Kent Cheng Kingdom Yuen Elvis Tsui Cheng Xueyan and Liu Dizhi. The film premiered in Hong Kong on 15 September 1994.
 Coming of Age is a 1984 Australian film. It is now known as a very hard to find film which is highly sought after by collectors and lovers of Australian films.Seasoned Australian softcore porn actress Angela Menzies-Wills plays the lead role of Angel. Several cast members also appear in Leonora which is a film of similar theme.
 Pretty Ladies is a 1925 American silent comedy-drama film starring ZaSu Pitts and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is a fictional recreation of the famed Ziegfeld Follies. Directed by Monta Bell the film was written by Alice D.G. Miller and featured intertitles written by Joseph Farnham.
 Miss April (Danish: Frøken April) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Malene Schwartz.
 Kadhal (English: Love) is a 2004 Tamil romantic drama film based on a true story directed by Balaji Sakthivel starring Bharath and Sandhya in her feature film debut. It was produced by S. Shankar and featured music composed by Joshua Sridhar. The film opened to critical acclaim and was a high commercial success. Upon release the film was dubbed into Telugu as Premisthe. It was also remade in Kannada as Cheluvina Chittara in 2007 and Bengali as Chirodini Tumi Je Amar in 2008.
 For the sake of mahdi (Persian: بخاطر مهدي‎) is a 2012 Iranian film directed by Hossein Shahabi (persian: حسین شهابی).
 Caught is a 1996 erotic thriller film about a drifter who disrupts the simple life of a fish market owner and his wife. The film was directed by Robert M. Young and stars Edward James Olmos Arie Verveen María Conchita Alonso and Bitty Schram.
 The World is Big and Salvation Lurks Around the Corner is a 2008 Bulgarian drama film co-produced with Slovenia Germany and Hungary. Its original Bulgarian title is Светът е голям и спасение дебне отвсякъде (transliterated as Svetat e golyam i spasenie debne otvsyakade) literally meaning The World is Big and Salvation Prowls on All Sides.The film is directed by Stefan Komandarev and stars Miki Manojlović Carlo Ljubek Hristo Mutafchiev and Ana Papadopulu.
 Fascination: Portrait of a Lady (幻想夫人絵図 Gensō fujin ezu) is a 1977 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Kōyū Ohara and starring Naomi Tani. Known for an ability to direct well in many genres it was the pop-art-influenced Ohara's first true S&M film.
 The Hamiltons is an independent 2006 horror film directed by the Butcher Brothers (Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores). Cory Knauf stars as a teenager who must decide whether to help the victims that his older siblings have kidnapped.
 La Leyenda de la Nahuala is a 2007 Mexican animated horror comedy film released in theaters on October 31 2007 in Mexico. It was the sixth animated feature film in Mexico to be released and the first to be exhibited in DTS. The film was also a box-office success on its opening weekend.
 Solid Geometry is a 2002 short TV film directed by Denis Lawson starring Ewan McGregor and Ruth Millar. It is based on a short story by Ian McEwan published in collection First Love Last Rites.
 Miracle on 34th Street is a 1973 American made-for-TV movie directed by Fielder Cook. It is the third remake of the original 1947 film. Like the original this film was produced by 20th Century Fox. Additionally the New York City-based Macy's department store allowed their name to be used in this film unlike later versions.
 The Maze Runner is an upcoming American science-fiction mystery action thriller film based on a 2009 book of the same name by James Dashner directed by Wes Ball and script by Noah Oppenheim. The film stars Dylan O'Brien Thomas Sangster Kaya Scodelario Will Poulter Aml Ameen Ki Hong Lee and Blake Cooper. Creature designer Ken Barthelmey has created concept designs for the film. It is set to be released on September 19 2014 in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
 Pop Class is a DVD album by teen heartthrob Sam Concepcion released under Universal Records. The concept of the album is a mini-movie-musical following the tradition of Glee Camp Rock and High School Musical.
 Agni Pushpam is a 1976 Malayalam film by Jeassy and P. N. Sundaram starring Kamal Haasan and Jayabharathi.
 Kiss (1963) is an experimental film directed by Andy Warhol which runs 50 minutes and features various couples—man and woman woman and woman man and man—kissing for 3½ minutes each. The film features Naomi Levine Gerard Malanga Rufus Collins Johnny Dodd and Ed Sanders.Kiss was followed by Eat (1963) Sleep (1963) and Blow Job (1964).This was one of the first films Warhol made at The Factory in New York City.
 Ruang Talok 69 (Thai: เรื่องตลก 69 English: 6ixtynin9 or A Funny Story About 6 and 9) is a 1999 Thai crime film written and directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. It is the second feature film by the Thai writer-director. It stars Lalita Panyopas a popular star of Thai soap operas.
 Blood of May (Spanish: Sangre de mayo) is a 2008 Spanish film directed by José Luis Garci and starring Quim Gutiérrez and Paula Echevarría. The plot is based on a novel by Benito Pérez Galdós and takes place around the events of 2 May 1808 when the people of Madrid rise up in rebellion against French occupation.
 The Rambler is a 2013 independent psychotronic horror film directed by Calvin Reeder.The film's narrative concerns a mysterious loner known only as The Rambler played by Dermot Mulroney. Newly released from prison he embarks on a dark journey across a bleak and strange contemporary landscape meeting a bizarre cast of characters.
 Dillagi is a 1949 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fourth highest grossing Indian film of 1949.
 Molly Make-Believe is a 1916 silent film drama directed by J. Searle Dawley and starring Marguerite Clark. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1910 novel Molly Make-Believe by Eleanor Hallowell Abbott. Abbott's book was quite popular at the time of this film.A lost film.
 Dunston Checks In is a 1996 American comedy film starring Jason Alexander Eric Lloyd Faye Dunaway Rupert Everett Paul Reubens Glenn Shadix and introducing Sam the Orangutan as Dunston. It was written by John Hopkins and Bruce Graham and directed by Ken Kwapis.
 Harold Buttleman Daredevil Stuntman (also known as Buttleman) is a 2003 film written and directed by Francis Stokes; the only movie he has directed. It won the Jury Prize at the Deep Ellum Film Festival in 2003. It was awarded the audience award in the Had to Be Made Film Festival in 2005.The film is a comedy about a small town tuxedo salesman who thinks he's the next Evel Knievel a renowned American stunt man.
 Ayyan is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language drama film. It was written and directed by Kendiran Muniyaswamy and produced by S. Shekar Rajan under the banner of S. S. Pictures. It stars Vasan Karthik and the debutant Divya Padmini in the lead roles. Ilayaraja composed the film's music.
 Days of Eclipse (Russian: Дни затмения) is an award winning 1988 Soviet film directed by Aleksandr Sokurov. The screenplay is by Yuri Arabov and Pyotr Kadochnikov based on a screenplay by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky which is in turn based on their novel Definitely Maybe (Billion years to the end of the world Russian: «За миллиард лет до конца света»).
 Hell's Highway is a 1932 American film directed by Rowland Brown.
 Cannibal (Spanish: Caníbal) is a 2013 Spanish-Romanian thriller film directed by Manuel Martín Cuenca. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 AlAshash is an Egyptian movie produced in the year 2013 The film is a social drama about a little boy who gets lost and he’s being raised by a worker in an orphanage. He grows up leading a normal life until he gets accused of killing someone and decides to runaway to prove his innocence. He meets a shaabi belly dancer (Horeya Farghaly) who helps him to escape.
 I'm Not Scared (Italian: Io non ho paura) is a 2003 film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. Francesa Marciano and Niccolò Ammaniti wrote the script based on Niccolò Ammaniti's successful 2001 Italian novel Io non ho paura. The story is during Italy's anni di piombo a time riddled with terrorism and kidnapping in the 1970s and tells the story of a ten-year-old boy who discovers a terrible crime the entire population of his southern Italian town has committed.
 Oh Grandmother's Dead (Italian: Toh è morta la nonna!) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Sergio Tofano.
 The Small Back Room (1949) is a film by the British producer-writer-director team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger starring David Farrar and Kathleen Byron and featuring Jack Hawkins and Cyril Cusack. It was based on the novel of the same name by Nigel Balchin. In the United States the film was released as Hour of Glory.
 Always Another Dawn is a 1948 Australian wartime melodrama directed by T.O. McCreadie. It was the first leading role for Charles Tingwell.
 Big Shot's Funeral (Chinese: 大腕; pinyin: Dàwàn; literally Big Wrist Mandarin colloquialism for big shot) is a 2001 Chinese comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang.The film stars Ge You Rosamund Kwan and Donald Sutherland.
 Tokyo Trial (simplified Chinese: 东京审判; traditional Chinese: 東京審判; pinyin: Dōngjīng Shěnpàn) is a Chinese film released in 2006.
 Stand Up and Cheer! is a 1934 American musical film directed by Hamilton MacFadden. The screenplay by Lew Brown and Ralph Spence was based upon a story idea by Will Rogers and Philip Klein. The film is about efforts undertaken during the Great Depression to boost the morale of the country. It is essentially a vehicle for a string of vaudeville acts and a few musical numbers. This film is best known for providing the first big breakthrough role for legendary child actress Shirley Temple.
 Missamma is a Telugu movie released in the year 1955 featuring Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (NTR) and Akkineni Nageswara Rao (ANR). It was produced under Vijaya banner and was directed by L. V. Prasad. The title character Missamma was played by the actress Savitri. Missamma is the movie adaptation of Yotish Banerjee's classic Bengali comedy Manmoyee Girls School. The dialogues and song lyrics were written by Pingali Nagendra Rao and sung by A. M. Rajah P. Leela and P. Susheela.
 La Gran final (English: The Great Match) is a 2006 film directed by Gerardo Olivares.
 Happy Land (1943) is a film directed by Irving Pichel and starring Don Ameche.
 Le guêpier is a 1976 French-Italian film directed by Roger Pigaut. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Say Amen (2005) is a personal documentary film by David Deri an Orthodox Jew who reveals his homosexuality to his parents and siblings. The documentary is named one of the best five documentaries of the year 2005 by Israeli Film Academy and appeared in many film festivals including HOTDOCS-Toronto the Leeds International Film Festival the Cork Film Festival and Inside Out Film and Video Festival.
 Splendid Fellows is a 1934 Australian film from director Beaumont Smith about an Englishman (Frank Leighton) who comes to Australia. The cast includes Eric Colman brother of Ronald Colman and Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith who has a cameo as himself. This was Smith's last film.
 The Za-Bum Circus (Italian: Circo equestre Za-bum) is a 1944 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Galeazzo Benti.
 Bringing Up Bobby is a 2009 Christian direct-to-video comedy film directed by Chris Staron. It was the third film by Glowing Nose who previously made Pint Size and Between the Walls.
 Ghazab is a 1982 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Rekha.
 The Plains of Heaven is a 1982 Australian film directed by Ian Pringle about two men at a remote satellite relay station who contemplate their obsessions.Ian Pringle shared the Interfilm Award win for The Plains of Heaven at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film festival in 1982.
 Kusume Rumal (Nepali: कुसुमे रुमाल translation: Pink Handkerchief) is a 1985 Nepali romantic film directed by Tulsi Ghimire. It was produced by Sumitra Paudel under the banner of Sayapatri Films. This was the first film in which singer Udit Narayan acted. In 2009 the son of the producer of this Kusume Rumal directed Kusume Rumal 2 which was the story of the second generation of the original cast. Both Tripti Nadakar and Neer Shah acted in minor roles as an ode to the original film.
 Kathleen is a 1941 film starring Shirley Temple. It was the only movie she made for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Ricochet is a 1991 crime-thriller film directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Denzel Washington John Lithgow Ice-T Kevin Pollak and Lindsay Wagner. The film details a struggle between a Los Angeles attorney (Washington) and a vengeful criminal (Lithgow) he arrested and caused to be convicted when he was previously a cop.
 Unnam (Malayalam: ഉന്നം) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Sibi Malayil starring Lal Asif Ali and Sreenivasan in the lead roles.The film is a credited remake of the 2007 Hindi film Johnny Gaddaar.
 Guns is a Canadian television miniseries that aired on CBC Television in 2008. Directed by Sudz Sutherland and written by Sutherland and Jennifer Holness the miniseries explores the issue of gun violence in Canada.The cast includes Colm Feore Elisha Cuthbert Stephen McHattie K. C. Collins Shawn Doyle and Lyriq Bent.
 DK Bose is an upcoming Telugu film directed by AN Bose starring Sundeep Kishan and Nisha Agarwal in the Lead roles. Anand Ranga & Seshu Reddy produced this movie on Random Thoughts Banner while Achu composed the Music. Sundeep Kishan plays the role of DK Bose a corrupt police officer in this film. Sania Mirza and Siddharth unveiled the first look through twitter A 30-seconds teaser of the film was launched by Rana Daggubati and director Puri Jagannadh.
 Buffalo Bill Hero of the Far West (Buffalo Bill l'eroe del far west) is a 1964 Italian spaghetti western directed by Mario Costa.
 Vamsi (also known as Vamsee Vamshi or Vamshee) is a 2000 Tollywood film written by Satyanand and directed by B.Gopal which has Mahesh Babu and Namrata Shirodkar in the lead roles.
 The Death of Poor Joe is a 1901 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith which features the director's wife Laura Bayley as Joe a child street-sweeper who dies of disease on the street in the arms of a policeman. The film which went on release in March 1901 takes its name from a famous photograph posed by Oscar Rejlander after an episode in Charles Dickens' Bleak House and is the oldest known surviving film featuring a Dickens character.
 Shinobu Kawa (忍ぶ川) is a 1972 Japanese drama film directed by Kei Kumai. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Red Firecracker Green Firecracker (Chinese: 炮打双灯; pinyin: Pào dǎ shuāng dēng) is a 1994 film directed by He Ping starring Ning Jing Wu Gang Zhao Xiaorui Gao Yang Xu Zhengyun and Zhao Liang.
 Twelfth Night (Russian: Двенадцатая ночь transliteration Dvenadtsataya noch) is a 1955 Soviet comedy film by Lenfilm based on Shakespeare's play Twelfth Night or What You Will. Script by Yan Frid. USA release date: March 3 1956.
 Falcão – Meninos do Tráfico is a Brazilian documentary produced by rapper MV Bill his agent Celso Athayde and the Central Única das Favelas audiovisual center. The documentary presents the life of young favela dwellers who work with drug trafficking. The independent production gained special attention after it was transmitted by Rede Globo the largest television network in the country in its popular weekly TV show Fantástico.
 Held for Ransom is a 2000 direct-to-video film starring Dennis Hopper Zachary Ty Bryan Morgan Fairchild and Debi Mazar. It was directed and written by Lee Stanley based on the novel by Lois Duncan.
 Balgandharva (Marathi: बालगंधर्व) is a biographical Marathi film on one of the Marathi singers and stage actors Narayan Shripad Rajhans famously known as Balgandharva (Bal=child + Gandharva=Singer of Heaven). The name was bestowed to Narayan by Lokmanya Tilak after listening to his public performance in Pune while he was very young.The film is directed by Ravindra Jadhav whose debutant film Natarang won critical acclaims as well as good box office report.
 Heaven Only Knows is a 1947 Western directed by Albert S. Rogell starring Robert Cummings Brian Donlevy and Marjorie Reynolds.
 Two and Two Make Six is a 1962 film directed by Freddie Francis. It stars George Chakiris and Janette Scott.
 Moscow-Cassiopeia (Russian: Москва — Кассиопея) is a Soviet 1973 film directed by Richard Viktorov based on a script by Isai Kuznetsov and Avenir Zak. Followed by Otroki vo vselennoy (second part 1974). Runtime - 85 min.
 Musical Varieties is a 1948 Pictorial Films musical short film starring Rosemary Lane and Johnny Downs.
 Not to be confused with El Decameron Negro a classical guitar suite composed by Leo Brouwer.The Black Decameron (Italian: Il decamerone nero) is a 1972 Italian costume drama comedy film directed by Piero Vivarelli.
 Poriyaalan is an upcoming 2014 Tamil film directed by Thanukumar written by Manimaran and produced by Vetrimaaran. The film features Harish Kalyan and Anandhi in the leading roles Velraj is the cinematographer for the venture. The film's shoot is in its post-production stage.
 Wij Alexander is a 1998 Dutch television series. Eight episodes at 45 minutes were shot.
 Ustedes los ricos (You the Rich Ones) is a Mexican film made during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. It is the second film in a trilogy. The first is Nosotros los pobres and the third is Pepe El Toro. Ustedes los ricos stars Mexican actor/singer Pedro Infante as Pepe with a cast – including Blanca Estela Pavón and Evita Muñoz Chachita – that is very well known in Mexico for working in several films from the Golden Age.
 The Assassination of Richard Nixon is a 2004 American film directed by Niels Mueller. It stars Sean Penn Don Cheadle and Naomi Watts and is based on the story of would-be assassin Samuel Byck who plotted to kill Richard Nixon in 1974. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 All the Years Combine: The DVD Collection is a box set of videos by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains 14 DVDs comprising 12 previously released titles plus bonus material. It also includes a 40-page booklet of liner notes essays and photos. It was released by Shout! Factory on April 17 2012.
 Africa Open for Business is a documentary by producer/director/journalist Carol Pineau. It won BBC Documentary of the Year 2006 in addition to a CINE Golden Eagle Award.
 Pained (통증 Tong Jeung lit. Pain) is a 2011 South Korean film directed by Kwak Kyung-taek. Kwak's first feature in three years it is a romantic melodrama set in Seoul which is a departure from the director's previous Busan-based masculine thrillers and gangster movies. It is adapted from an original story by popular webcomic artist Kang Full.
 Forbidden Floor (Hangul: 네번째 층; RR: Ne beonjje cheung) is a 2006 South Korean film and the second installment of the 4 Horror Tales film series. In this film a mother and daughter move into a haunted apartment.
 Tahrir 2011: The Good the Bad and the Politician (Arabic: تحرير 2011: الطيب والشرس والسياسي‎) is an Egyptian documentary directed by Tamer Ezzat Ahmad Abdalla Ayten Amin and Amr Salama. The film is divided in three parts covering respectively the protesters the police forces and a profile of Hosni Mubarak by several political figures. The film mixes interviews and real footage from the demonstrations.
 Raman Thediya Seethai ( Tamil: ராமன் தேடிய சீதை ; English: The Sita whom Rama searched for) is a Tamil drama film written and directed by K. P. Jagannath starring Cheran Pasupathy Nithin Sathya in the lead male roles whilst Vimala Raman Remya Nambeeshan Navya Nair Gajala and Karthika play parallel female roles.In 2012 it was remade in Kannada as Gowri Puthra with Akshay.
 Kaise Kahoon Ke... Pyaar Hai is a 2003 Bollywood film. It stars Amit Hingorani Dharmendra and Farida Jalal. The movie was directed by Anil Kumaar Sharma and produced by Arjun Hingorani.
 Riders of the Range is a 1923 western silent film presented by Clifford S. Efelt and directed by Otis B. Thayer and starring Edmund Cobb Dolly Dale Helen Hayes and Frank Gallagher. The film was shot in Colorado by Thayer's Art-O-Graf film company. It was a Roy M. Langdon Production. The film was released on VHS by Grapevine Video.
 Tatuagem is a 2013 Brazilian drama film the feature film directorial debut of Hilton Lacerda. It was awarded as the Best Picture at the 2013 Festival de Gramado.
 Sand and Blood (French: De sable et de sang) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Jeanne Labrune. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 2030 (Vietnamese: Nước) is a 2014 Vietnamese science fiction romance drama film written and directed by Nghiem-Minh Nguyen-Vo. The film was in selected as the opening night film in the Panorama section at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2014. It was awarded the Tribeca Sloan Filmmaker Award from the Tribeca Film Institute and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
 Losing Control is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Valerie Weiss about a female scientist who wants proof that her boyfriend is the one. Losing Control was released theatrically on March 23 2012 in New York City and will expand to more cities on March 30 2012.
 Himmel Amor und Zwirn is a 1960 West German comedy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and starring Hartmut Reck Ann Smyrner Grit Boettcher Hannelore Schroth and Elke Sommer.
 The Upper Hand is a 1966 French thriller film.
 Bahumati is an Indian romantic comedy-drama released in 2007. The film is both written and directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy under R.R Movie Makers. The film stars Venu Thottempudi Sangeetha Shabana Khan and Ali. It is a remake of the 1994 film It Could Happen to You.[citation needed]
 Fever Night aka Static Age Band of Satanic Outsiders is a 2009 American independent psychedelic horror film written and directed by Jordan Harris and Andrew Schrader. The film was released on DVD and video on demand on May 15 2012.
 Silver Blaze is a 1937 British black-and-white crime and mystery film based loosely on Arthur Conan Doyle's short story Silver Blaze. It was directed by Thomas Bentley and was produced by Twickenham Film Studios Productions. It starred Arthur Wontner as Sherlock Holmes Ian Fleming as Dr. Watson and Ronald Shiner (uncredited) as Simpson the Stable Boy/Jockey . In the USA the film was released in 1941 by Astor Pictures where it was also known as Murder at the Baskervilles.
 Somebody Up There Likes Me is a 2012 comedy written and directed by Bob Byington starring Keith Poulson Nick Offerman and Jess Weixler
 Sonicsgate: Requiem for a Team is a 2009 documentary film chronicling the history of the Seattle SuperSonics. The Sonics were a NBA franchise based in Seattle Washington that played from 1967 until 2008 but relocated from Seattle to Oklahoma City Oklahoma where they are now the Thunder.
 When a Stranger Calls is a 1979 psychological horror film. It was directed by Fred Walton and stars Carol Kane and Charles Durning. The film derives its story from the classic folk legend of The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs. The film was commercially successful grossing $21411158 at the box office though it received a mixed critical reception. It was followed by the 1993 made-for-television sequel When a Stranger Calls Back and a remake in 2006.
 And Thou Shalt Love (Hebrew: ואהבת‎) is an Israeli short film. It was directed by Chaim Elbaum. The film examines the difficulties of being both an Orthodox Jew and gay. The story is based on Elbaum's experiences with being gay.It won the best drama award at the 2008 Jerusalem Film Festival.
 Do Dooni Char is a 1968 Bollywood musical which is a loose remake of the 1963 Bengali film Bhrantibilas. Both films are loosely based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors.
 Ajax: Hark the Herald Angels Sing is a football documentary that goes behind on the scenes at Ajax Amsterdam football club during the 1999/2000 season. It was sanctioned by the club as they were expecting a successful season but 1999/2000 was one of the worst seasons suffered by Ajax in recent history and the DVD did not show Ajax in good light. The documentary shows footage of board room and meetings and also their football camp in Ghana.
 The Tongues of Men is a lost 1916 silent film drama produced by the Oliver Morosco Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Frank Lloyd directed and English stage actress Constance Collier stars in her debut film. The story is based on a 1913 Broadway play The Tongues of Men by Edward Childs Carpenter and starring Henrietta Crosman.
 Moon of Avellaneda (Spanish: Luna de Avellaneda also known as Avellaneda's Moon in English) is a 2004 Argentine film directed by Juan José Campanella and written by Campanella Fernando Castets and Juan Pablo Domenech. The film stars Ricardo Darín in his third collaboration with Campanella and Eduardo Blanco in his fourth collaboration as well as Mercedes Morán and Valeria Bertuccelli.
 Generation X is a made-for-TV film directed by Jack Sholder which aired on FOX on February 20 1996. It is based on the Marvel Comics comic-book series Generation X a spin-off of the X-Men franchise. It was produced by New World Entertainment and Marvel Entertainment.
 The Wesley's Mysterious File (衛斯理藍血人) is a 2002 Hong Kong action science fiction film directed by Andrew Lau starring Andy Lau Rosamund Kwan and Shu Qi. Hong Kong director Wong Jing also makes a cameo appearance.
 Mi calle is a 1960 Spanish drama film written and directed by Edgar Neville.
 On My Way (French: Elle s'en va) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Emmanuelle Bercot. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Cocktails is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Harald Madsen Enid Stamp-Taylor and Carl Schenstrøm.
 Ratnakumar or Rathnakumar (Tamil: இரத்னகுமார்) is a 1949 Tamil language film starring P. U. Chinnappa Bhagavathar and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles. M. G. Ramachandran had done a supporting role. The film was released on 15 December 1949.
 Coyamuthur Maaplaey (Tamil: கோயமுத்தூர் மாப்ளே; English: Coimbatore's son-in-law) is a 1996 Tamil language starring Vijay and Sanghavi in lead roles. It was directed by C.Ranganathan and released for Pongal in 1996. This movie got positive reviews and became a super hit at the box office and this movie dubbed in Hindi as 'Rampuri Damaad'.
 Ohileshwara (Kannada: ಓಹಿಲೇಶ್ವರ) is a 1956 Kannada film directed by T.V. Singh Tagore. The film starred Rajkumar and Kalyan Kumar in lead roles. It had Narasimharaju Pandari Bai J.V. Iyer and H.R. Shastri playing supporting roles.
 The Hardys Ride High is a film in the Andy Hardy series.
 Sawan Bhadon is a 1970 Bollywood film produced and directed by Mohan Segal. The film was the debut film for its lead pair Rekha and Navin Nischol. The other cast of note in the film are Jayshree T. Iftekhar and Ranjeet. The music is by Sonik Omi. This was also Ranjeet's debut film. A couple of the songs from the film having catchy tunes became popular.The film is remade in Tamil as 'Veetukku Oru Pillai' (A son for every home) starring Jaishankar.[citation needed]
 Seducing Doctor Lewis (French: La grande séduction) is a 2003 Québécois comedy film and the first film directed by Jean-François Pouliot. The script was written by Ken Scott. It won the Audience Award at 2004 Sundance Film Festival. Starring in the movie are Raymond Bouchard Benoit Brière David Boutin and Lucie Laurier.
 Legendary Assassin (Chinese: 狼牙之阿布 is a 2008 Hong Kong action film directed by Wu Jing in his directorial debut who also starred in the lead role and also features fight choreography by Nicky Li. The film also marks the screen debut of singer songwriter and model Celina Jade (daughter of Snake in the Eagle's Shadow and Game of Death II film star Roy Horan). Wu stars as a mysterious martial artist who become a female cop's prime suspect in a murder investigation.
 Shirin is a 2008 film directed by Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami. The film is considered by some critics as a notable twist in the artistic career of Kiarostami.In 2008 Kiarostami directed the feature Shirin which features close-ups of many notable Iranian actresses and French actress Juliette Binoche as they watch a film based on a part mythological Persian romance tale of Khosrow and Shirin with themes of female self-sacrifice.
 Arirang 3 (아리랑 3편 Arirang sam-pyeon) is a 1936 Korean film directed by and starring Na Woon-gyu. The second sequel of Na's ground-breaking 1926 film Arirang this was the only entry in the series that was not silent. It premiered at the DanSungSa Theater in downtown Seoul.
 The Widow (U.S. title) is a 1955 Italian black-and-white romantic drama film directed by Lewis Milestone and written by Milestone and Louis Stevens based upon the novel La Vedova by Susan York. Produced and originally released under the title La Vedova X the film had theatrical release in Italy in 1955 limited release in the United States in 1957 and was released in France on June 4 1959 under the title La Veuve. This was the last Milestone film involving his own writing.
 Anokha is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Jugal Kishore.
 Frankenstein's Army also known as Army of Frankenstein in the Netherlands is a 2013 Dutch-American-Czech found-footage horror film directed by Richard Raaphorst and stars Karel Roden Joshua Sasse and Robert Gwilym.
 An Airman's Letter to His Mother (1941) is a documentary-style British propaganda short based on an actual letter from a British bomber pilot to his mother published in The Times in June 1940 which subsequently was published as a pamphlet and received wide distribution in the UK
 El Juicio de Dios is a 1979 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo Fili.
 Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! is a 2008 film starring Abhay Deol Paresh Rawal Neetu Chandra Manu Rishi Richa Chadda Manjot Singh and Archana Puran Singh. It was directed by Dibakar Banerjee. The film won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film. The film is inspired by the real life shenanigans of Devinder Singh alias Bunty a real-life “super-chor” originally from Vikaspuri Delhi.
 Crossing the Dust (Kurdish: Perrînewe le xobar) is a 2006 film directed by the Kurdish director Shawkat Amin Korki.
 Quiet Weekend is a 1946 British comedy film directed by Harold French and starring Derek Farr Frank Cellier and Marjorie Fielding. A family try to relax during a weekend holiday in the country but are constantly irritated by the unpleasant friend of their eldest son. It was a sequel to the 1941 film Quiet Wedding with several of the actors reprising their roles. It was based on the 1941 play Quiet Weekend.
 Almanach 1999-2000 is a 1999 Canadian documentary film by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
 Malaysian Gods is a 2009 Malaysian documentary film by Amir Muhammad and produced by Da Huang Pictures. Although not fully banned (unlike the director's last two documentaries) the Malaysian Film Censorship Board disallowed it from screening in cinemas and on TV. It thus was screened in college campuses and private venues.It premiered on 18 April 2009 at the 22nd Singapore International Film Festival.
 Agent 3S3 Massacre in the Sun (originally titled Agente 3S3 massacro al sole also known as Agent 3S3: Hunter from the Unknown and Hunter from the Unknown) is a 1966 Italian adventure-eurospy film directed by Sergio Sollima here credited as Simon Sterling. This is a sequel to Agent 3S3: Passport to Hell (1965) with Agent 3S3 once again played by George Ardisson.This was filmed on location in Berlin and Ibiza.
 The Plot Thickens is a 1936 mystery film directed by William Sistrom starring James Gleason and Zasu Pitts who plays the schoolteacher and amateur sleuth Hildegarde Withers from Stuart Palmer's stories. James Gleason reprised his role as Hildegarde's friendly nemesis Inspector Oscar Piper from RKO Radio Pictures' previous Hildegarde Withers films.
 The Naked Eye is a 1956 American documentary film about the history of photography directed by Louis Clyde Stoumen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Temptation Island is a 2011 Philippine comedy drama film directed by Chris Martinez produced by Jose Mari Abacan and released by GMA Films and Regal Films. The film is a remake of the 1980 film of the same name.
 The Prince of Rogues (German:Schinderhannes) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Hans Stüwe Lissy Arna and Albert Steinrück. The film's art direction was by Heinrich Richter. The story depicts the life of the 18th century outlaw Schinderhannes. It is based on a 1927 play Schinderhannes by Carl Zuckmayer.
 Their Honeymoon is a 1916 silent comedy film starring Oliver Hardy.
 Anacondas: Trail of Blood (also known as Anaconda 4 Anaconda 4: Trail of Blood and Anacondas 4: Trail of Blood) is a 2009 made-for-television horror film and sequel to Anaconda 3: Offspring. Written by David C. Olson and directed by Don E. FauntLeRoy it is the fourth and currently final film in the Anaconda series and picks up where the third film ended. It premiered on the Sci Fi Channel on February 28 2009 and was released to DVD June 2 2009.
 La Bête Humaine (English: The Human Beast and Judas Was a Woman) is a 1938 French film directed by Jean Renoir with cinematography by Curt Courant. The picture features Jean Gabin and is loosely based on the novel of the same name by Émile Zola.The drama is partially set on a train that may be thought of as one of the main characters in the film.
 The Great Bazaar is a 2006 drama film directed by Licínio Azevedo.
 Besharam (Hindi: बेशर्म; translation: Shameless) is a 1978 Hindi drama/thriller film produced and directed by veteran character actor Deven Verma. This is his first directorial venture and stars Amitabh Bachchan Sharmila Tagore Amjad Khan A. K. Hangal Iftekhar Nirupa Roy and Deven Verma. The film's music was composed by Kalyanji Anandji.An innocent man sets out to find the truth about his father's death. He finds himself in a dangerous battle with the criminal underworld.
 The Legion of Valour is a 1935 gangster film. It was also known as Let 'Em Have It and False Faces.
 The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures. It is the second installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Louis Leterrier written by Zak Penn and Edward Harrison and stars Edward Norton Liv Tyler Tim Roth Tim Blake Nelson Ty Burrell and William Hurt.
 Ties to Rachel is a 1997 drama film directed written and produced by Jon Resnik.
 The Bow (Korean title: Hwal) is a 2005 film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.The film is primarily centered around a 60-year-old man and a 16-year-old girl living in near seclusion on a fishing boat. It is agreed that they will marry when the girl turns 17. Much like other movies by Kim Ki-duk the film contains very little dialogue.
 Slaughter Gun (みな殺しの拳銃 Minagoroshi no kenjū) is a 1967 Japanese yakuza film directed by Yasuharu Hasebe.
 La Antena (English: The Aerial) is a 2007 Argentine drama film written and directed by acclaimed film director Esteban Sapir. The film features Alejandro Urdapilleta Rafael Ferro Florencia Raggi and others.
 The River of Souls is the third feature-length film set in the Babylon 5 universe. It was originally broadcast November 17 1998 on TNT as one of two films shown over the 1998–1999 season to fill in the gap between the fifth season of Babylon 5 and the first season of the spin-off series Crusade.
 Training Rules is a 63-minute award-winning 2009 American documentary film co-produced and co-directed by Dee Mosbacher and Fawn Yacker. It is narrated by Diana Nyad.The documentary subtitled as No Drinking No Drugs No Lesbians is a Woman Vision film.
 Marching On! is a 1943 American race film directed and written by Spencer Williams. Sequences were filmed at Fort Huachuca Arizona. The film was later rereleased with additonal sequences under the title Where's My Man To-nite?.
 Skinned Deep is a 2004 horror film directed and written by Gabriel Bartalos.
 Most Welcome 2 is an upcoming Bangladeshi action film written by and directed by Ananta Jalil and Clive Curtis. It is considered to be the most expensive film in the history of Bengali Cinema.Development began in February 2012. The film is a sequel of 2012 blockbuster Most Welcome The film is expected to release in 2014. The film stars Ananta Jalil Afiea Nusrat Barshaa in lead role while Jackie Shroff plays the antagonist. Bipasha Basu and Subhasree Ganguly will be doing a cameo in the film.
 Monsieur Papa is a French film directed by Kad Merad released in 2011.
 Pete the Pedal Polisher is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Les Innocents (English: The Innocents) is a 1987 French drama film directed by André Téchiné and starring Sandrine Bonnaire Simon de La Brosse and Abdel Kechiche. The plot follows a girl who whilst looking for her runaway brother encounters a number of people who influence her life. The film was partially inspired by a William Faulkner novel.
 Les travailleu(r)ses du sexe is a 2009 Belgian-French documentary film directed by Jean-Michel Carré and produced by France 2. It deals with the life of prostitutes and other people who works for the industry of sex.It received mixed reviews. Le Parisien even defining the film interesting complained about the lack of genuine cinematic appeal of the film more suited to TV than to the big screen.
 The Four Companions (German:Die vier Gesellen) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Ingrid Bergman Sabine Peters and Carsta Löck. Jochen Huth adapted the script from his own play. The film was intended as a star vehicle to launch Bergman's career in Germany.
 Maa avida Collector (Telugu: మా ఆవిద కలక్తర్) is a 1998 Telugu film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and produced by Costumes KRISHNA under Amma Art Creations.
 The Cobbler is the eighth Our Gang short subject comedy released. The Our Gang series (later known as The Little Rascals) was created by Hal Roach in 1922 and continued production until 1944.
 Mis días con Verónica is a 1980 Argentine film.
 The In Crowd is a 2000 teen thriller film directed by Mary Lambert and stars Susan Ward Lori Heuring Matthew Settle and Nathan Baxton.
 Silence (ದಂಡುಪಾಳ್ಯದ ಹಂತಕರು) is an Kannada Movie film directed by Venugopal starring Sharath Kumar Nisha Shetty Ramesh Bhat Thriller Manju in the lead roles. The film is produced by M. Krishnamurthy with co-producers G. Krishamurhty R. Appyaiah Nagaraj Naidu under the banner of Sri Krishna Kumar Productions
 Sundarakanda is a 1992 Telugu film directed by K.Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Venkatesh Meena and Aparna played the lead roles. with original soundtrack by M. M. Keeravani.
 Jaal (English: Net/Trap) is an Indian film released in 1952. This was Guru Dutt's second movie after Dev Anand's production Baazi Guru Dutt was sort of finding his bearings through commercially successful movies. And after Baazi this was the second film in which Dev Anand also came through as a confident star/actor with a style uniquely his own.
 The Addams Family is a 1991 American comedy film based on the characters from the cartoon of the same name created by cartoonist Charles Addams.The movie was originally developed at Orion Pictures (which at the time owned the rights to the television series on which the film was based due to its ownership of the Filmways library).
 Distant Thunder is a 1988 American drama film directed by Rick Rosenthal and starring John Lithgow and Ralph Macchio.
 Open All Night is a 1924 silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. Paul Bern better known as a writer and later husband of Jean Harlow directed and Viola Dana Jetta Goudal and Raymond Griffith starred. It is an extant film at the Library of Congress UCLA George Eastman House and Cineteca Del Friuli. Actors Viola Dana and Lefty Flynn would soon marry after this film.
 Mi querido sobrino is a 1964 Argentine film.
 In the Best Interest of the Children is a fact-based TV film starring Sarah Jessica Parker who plays a woman struggling with manic-depression while raising her five children. This leads to the children eventually being taken from her and put in foster care.The film was partially shot in Marengo Iowa roughly 30 miles west of Iowa City.
 Don't Make Waves is a 1967 American sex farce (with elements of the beach party genre) starring Tony Curtis Claudia Cardinale Dave Draper and Sharon Tate. Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer the film was directed by Alexander Mackendrick and is based on the 1959 novel Muscle Beach by Ira Wallach who also wrote the screenplay.
 Flickering Lights (Danish: Blinkende Lygter) is a 2000 Danish action-comedy directed by Anders Thomas Jensen.
 Suno Sasurjee (Hindi: सुनो ससुरजी; Translated: Listen Father-in-law) is Bollywood romantic Comedy film directed by Vimal Kumar. The film stars Aftab Shivdasani and Ameesha Patel in lead roles. Kader Khan Gulshan Grover and Asrani made supporting roles in the film.
 Call of the Canyon is a 1942 American Western film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette the Sons of the Pioneers and Ruth Terry. Based on a story by Maurice Rapf and Olive Cooper the film is about a singing cowboy who leads a group of cattlemen against the corrupt agent of a large packing company looking to swindle them by undercutting the buying price for beef.
 Sworn Brothers is a 1987 Hong Kong action crime drama film directed by David Lai and starring Andy Lau and Cheung Kwok Keung as step brothers on the opposite sides of the law as a triad and cop respectively.
 Mateo is a 1937 Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario Soffici.
 Getting His Goat is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Jack Harvey and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.
 L' Homme de ma vie is a 1952 Italian film.
 Panivizhum Malarvanam is a 2014 Tamil thriller film written and directed by James David. The film stars Abhilash and Sanyathara in the lead roles while Varsha Ashwathi Sai Vishal and Jawahar appear in other pivotal roles. The film was released on 21 February 2014 to average reviews.
 Clear Cut: The Story of Philomath Oregon is a 2006 American documentary film produced and directed by Peter Richardson. It was filmed in the city of Philomath Oregon. The film made its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2006.
 Wild Thing is a 1987 film directed by Max Reid screenplay by John Sayles and story by Larry Stamper.
 The Blue Seal is a 2010 Canadian action/drama film directed by Mike Donis and starring John Kraft Thomas Daniel Warren Bain and Alan A. Leyland. Set in the fictional rural town of Hontas Ontario Canada it focuses on a socially awkward farmer John Kraft who is unwittingly a part of a criminal delivery organization.
 King of the Cowboys is a 1943 film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers and Smiley Burnette. It is set in Texas during World War II.
 Thriller – A Cruel Picture (Swedish: Thriller – en grym film also known as They Call Her One Eye Hooker's Revenge and Thriller) is a 1973 Swedish exploitation film in the rape and revenge genre written and directed by Bo Arne Vibenius under the name Alex Fridolinski. It tells the story of a mute young woman who is being forced into heroin addiction for which she has to work as a prostitute and her revenge on the men responsible.
 Eagle's Wing is a Euro-Western Eastmancolor film made in 1979. It stars Martin Sheen Sam Waterston and Harvey Keitel. It was directed by Anthony Harvey with a story by Michael Syson and a screenplay by John Briley. It won the British Society of Cinematographers Best Cinematography Award for 1979.
 Hellboy: Blood and Iron is the second in the Hellboy Animated series (the first being Hellboy: Sword of Storms) written by Tad Stones and Mike Mignola. It first aired on March 17 2007 on Cartoon Network and aired again on July 19 2008 to promote the release of Hellboy II: The Golden Army and was released on DVD by Anchor Bay Entertainment on March 10 2007.
 Three Cases of Murder is a 1955 British drama film comprising three stories. Though the stories are separate and unrelated Alan Badel appears in all three.Orson Welles received top billing in the film but he in fact appears for only in the final story. According to Patrick Macnee who had a supporting role in the third story Welles began making suggestions to the director throughout the first day of filming and by the third day he had taken over the direction of the entire segment.
 Untamed or Untamed Woman (あらくれ Arakure) is a 1957 Japanese drama film directed by Mikio Naruse. It was Japan's submission to the 30th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Subdivision is feature film which was released on 20 August 2009 throughout Australia.
 The Creator (Le créateur) is a 1999 French movie written and directed by and starring Albert Dupontel.
 Return to Two Moon Junction is a 1995 romantic drama film which serves as a sequel to the 1988 film Two Moon Junction. The plot concerns a New York fashion model who returns to her Georgia home town where she has an affair with a local sculptor. The film was directed by Farhad Mann and stars Melinda Clarke Wendy Davis and Louise Fletcher.
 Middle of Nowhere is 2012 independent feature film written and directed by Ava DuVernay and starring Emayatzy Corinealdi David Oyelowo Omari Hardwick and Lorraine Toussaint. The film was the winner of the Directing Award for U.S. Dramatic Film at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival.
 Formosa Betrayed is a 2009 American political thriller film directed by Adam Kane written by Charlie Stratton Yann Samuell Brian Askew Nathaniel Goodman with story by Will Tiao and Katie Swain and starring James Van Der Beek. Set in Chicago and Taiwan in the 1980s the story follows a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agent investigating the murder of a Taiwanese professor at a midwestern college.
 Hridayathil Sookshikkan is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by debutant Rajesh Pillai. Produced by Bose Varghese the film had Kunchacko Boban and Bhavana playing the main characters. The plot was loosely based on the 2000 American film Meet the Parents. The film's soundtrack was composed by Mohan Sitara.
 To the Last Day (Korean: I Saengmyeong Dahadorok) is a 1960 South Korean drama film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize.
 Soapsuds and Sapheads is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Thelma is a multi-awarded 2011 Filipino inspirational family-drama film released by Star Cinema with Maja Salvador portraying the title-role. The film is directed by Paul Soriano and is inspired by true stories. The film premiered in September 7 2011 and received an A rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board.
 Valiant Is the Word for Carrie is a 1936 film starring Gladys George Arline Judge John Howard Dudley Digges Harry Carey Isabel Jewell and Hattie McDaniel. The movie was adapted by Claude Binyon from the novel of the same name by Barry Benefield. It was directed by Wesley Ruggles.
 Ponmana Selvan is a 1989 Tamil language drama film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Vijayakanth Shobana Gemini Ganesan and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on August 15 1989.
 Karishma Kudrat Kaa is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sunil Hingorani starring Dharmendra Mithun Chakraborty Rati Agnihotri Anita Raj Shakti Kapoor and Saeed Jaffrey
 The Heist is a 1989 HBO made-for-TV movie starring Pierce Brosnan.
 The Gateway of Europe (Polish: Wrota Europy) is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1999. In 2001 it received Polish Film Awards for Best Cinematography Best Costume Design and Best Production Design.
 For other uses of the name Vampira see Vampira (disambiguation).Vampira (also known as Old Dracula) is a 1974 comedy/horror film spoofing the vampire genre. It stars David Niven and Teresa Graves. Following the success of Young Frankenstein Vampira was renamed Old Dracula for release in the United States in an attempt to cash in on Young Frankenstein's success.
 No Way Back is a 1949 British crime film directed by Stefan Osiecki and starring Terence De Marney Eleanor Summerfield and Jack Raine. An injured boxer sinks into bad company when his fighting career comes to an end leading to a spiral of crime. It was made at Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames.
 The Shadow of the Desert (also released as The Shadow of the East) is a 1924 American silent horror film directed by George Archainbaud. The film is considered to be lost.
 Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales is an animated Christmas television special featuring Bugs Bunny and other Looney Tunes characters in three newly created cartoon shorts with seasonal themes.The special originally aired on CBS on November 27 1979.
 Madness is a 2010 horror film written and directed by Sonny Laguna David Liljeblad and Tommy Wiklund.
 Square One is a 1997 Australian film.
 Dweepa (Kannada: ದ್ವೀಪ English: The Island) is a 2002 Indian Kannada language film by Girish Kasaravalli based on a novel of same name by Na D'Souza and starring Soundarya and Avinash in lead roles. Dweepa deals with the raging issue of building dams and the displacement of natives.
 A Little Bit of Heaven is a 1940 musical film starring soprano singer Gloria Jean. The story casts Gloria as a young member of a large Irish working-class family who becomes a singing sensation on a local radio station. The family's new-found wealth causes some discord until the family realizes that their closeness is what they value the most.The film's title comes from a traditional Irish song that Gloria Jean sings at a family gathering.
 The Pelican Brief is a 1993 legal crime thriller based on the novel of the same name by John Grisham. Directed by Alan J. Pakula the film stars Julia Roberts in the role of young law student Darby Shaw and Denzel Washington as Washington Herald reporter Gray Grantham. Music was composed by James Horner. This was the last film to feature Pakula as a producer and writer before his death.
 My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant loosely based on Shakespeare's Henry IV Part 1 Henry IV Part 2 and Henry V and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves.
 Oliver Twist is a 1909 American film and was the first adaptation of Oliver Twist ever made. It starred Edith Storey as Oliver Twist Elita Proctor Otis as Nancy Sykes and William J. Humphrey as Fagin. It was directed by J. Stuart Blackton.
 The Treasure of Jamaica Reef is a 1975 American film directed by Virginia L. Stone.The film is also known as Evil in the Deep (American reissue title).
 Kutob is a 2005 Filipino suspense horror film directed by Jose Javier Reyes; the title translates into foreboding in English. The film was a box office success in the Philippines with both Reyes and Agustin also winning the Best Director and Best Actor awards respectively at the 2005 Metro Manila Film Festival; the film itself came third at the festival.
 Doctor Faustus (German: Doktor Faustus) is a 1982 West German drama film directed by Franz Seitz based on the novel by Thomas Mann. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 The Savage Girl is a 1932 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser. A white jungle goddess is protected by a fierce killer gorilla.
 The Devil's Daughter was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Frank Powell and starring Theda Bara. Based on the tragedy La Gioconda by Gabriele D'Annunzio the film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 Jingles the Clown is a 2009 horror film directed by Tommy Brunswick and written by Todd Brunswick. It is a reboot of the 2006 film Mr. Jingles also created by the Brunswicks.
 Headlights in the Fog (Italian:Fari nella nebbia) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini and starring Fosco Giachetti Luisa Ferida and Antonio Centa. The film's art direction was by Camillo Del Signore. It was made at the Palatino Studios in Rome and on location in Piedmont and Liguria.The film follows the lives of a group of truck drivers. It is considered to be part of the development of Neorealism which emerged around this time.
 Thirunakkara Perumal is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Pasad Valacherry. The movie features Babu Antony Riyaz Khan Madhu and Seema in the lead roles.
 Phone (폰 Pon) is a 2002 South Korean horror film directed and written by Ahn Byeong-ki and starring Ha Ji-Won and Kim Yoo-Mi. The film is a complex and disturbing love story that involves possession and ghosts.
 Mashaal is a 1984 Bollywood film. Produced and directed by Yash Chopra it starred Dilip Kumar Anil Kapoor Waheeda Rehman Rati Agnihotri Nilu Phule Iftekhar Saeed Jaffery Gulshan Grover Alok Nath Madan Puri and Amrish Puri. The role played by Anil Kapoor was first offered to Kamal Haasan but after Kamal Haasan declined the offer the role went to Anil Kapoor. Vinod Kumar (Dilip Kumar) plays a respected law-abiding citizen who turns to crime for exacting revenge.
 Un flic (English: A Cop also known as Dirty Money) is a 1972 French film the last directed by Jean-Pierre Melville. It stars Alain Delon Catherine Deneuve and Richard Crenna.
 Housecoat 3 is a 1987 American romantic comedy directed by Ed Williams starring Laney Reese Christopher Hewett and Charlotte Rae. It also features notable appearances by Tony Danza and Alyssa Milano (appearing in a motion picture here together for the first time outside of the TV sitcom Who's the Boss?) Steve Guttenberg and Redd Foxx. The third installment enjoyed considerably better distribution than the first two movies in the franchise and enjoyed modest box-office success.
 The Last Mission (Greek: Teleftaia apostoli) is a 1950 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tsiforos. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ed and His Dead Mother is a 1993 American dark comedy and cult classic film starring Steve Buscemi Miriam Margolyes and Ned Beatty.
 The Confession (French: L'Aveu) is a 1970 French-Italian film directed by Costa Gavras and stars Yves Montand and Simone Signoret.It is based on the true story of the Czechoslovak communist Artur London a defendant in the Slánský trial. Gavras did not intend the film as an anti-communist film but a plea against totalitarianism and particularly Stalinism.[citation needed]
 Congo is a 1995 action adventure film loosely based on Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. It was directed by Frank Marshall (a frequent collaborator of Steven Spielberg who directed another film based on Crichton's work Jurassic Park) and stars Laura Linney Dylan Walsh Ernie Hudson Tim Curry Grant Heslov and Joe Don Baker. The film was released on June 9 1995 by Paramount Pictures.
 Perfect Life is a 2008 Chinese-Hong Kong film by Emily Tang and produced by director Jia Zhangke (who received a co-producer credit) and his company Xstream Pictures. The film mixes elements of dramatic fiction and documentary film.
 The Informer is a 1912 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Amigomío is a 1994 Argentine film directed by Alcides Chiesa and Jeanine Meerapfel. Script written by Alcides Chiesa it was based on a novel by Pablo Bergel. The film was produced in a co-production with Germany. Mario Adorf appears as the grandfather of the young boy.
 Five Cities (Turkish: Beş Şehir) is a 2010 Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Onur Ünlü about a young policeman just arrived in Istanbul who falls in love with a woman in a candy shop. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on April 9 2010 (2010-04-09) won awards at film festivals in Antalya and Istanbul and has been described as an absurd poetic tale of five seemingly unrelated people’s lives.
 Kamen Rider Ryuki The Movie: Episode Final (劇場版 仮面ライダー龍騎 EPISODE FINAL Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Ryūki Episōdo Fainaru) is the theatrical film adaptation of the Japanese 2002 Kamen Rider series Kamen Rider Ryuki directed by Ryuta Tasaki and written by Toshiki Inoue. The catchphrases for the movie are  (想像を超える壮大な戦闘〈バトル〉。 Sōzō o Koeru Sōdai na Batoru.) and  (龍騎、衝撃の結末。最終回、先行映画化。 Ryūki Shōgeki no Ketsumatsu.
 Klassfesten (The Class Reunion) is a 2002 Swedish comedy/drama film written and directed by Måns Herngren and Hannes Holm. The film stars Björn Kjellman Cecilia Frode Inday Ba Henrik Hjelt Lisa Lindgren and Ulf Friberg. The film was released February 27 2002 in Sweden.
 Too Romantic is a 1992 dramatic short film that Todd Field created while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory. It was his directorial debut. It is a dramatic piece about a fifteen-year-old boy taking a road trip with his recently widowed grandmother.
 The Atom Strikes is a document commissioned by the U.S. Army Signal Corps Pictoral Division shortly after the end of the Second World War. It documents the findings of a commission sent to Japan to assess the damage caused by the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.Opening with the blast of the experimental bombing in Los Alamos New Mexico the film turns to the Enola Gay and its mission over the Japanese city of Hiroshima.
 Confessions of a Porn Addict is a 2008 Canadian mockumentary comedy film directed by Duncan Christie starring Spencer Rice and Mark Breslin. The film screened at multiple film festivals (Just for Laughs Montreal Calgary International Film Festival) as well as the Los Angeles-based MockFest where it won Best Feature Best Cinematography and Best Actor (Spencer Rice) in 2008.
 Nikyho velebné dobrodružství is a 1920 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Evzen Nicolsen.
 2 Days in the Valley is a 1996 film directed by John Herzfeld that revolves around the events over 48 hours in the lives of a group of people who are drawn together by a murder.
 Lady in the Dark is a 1944 American Technicolor musical film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Ginger Rogers. It was nominated for three Academy Awards; for Best Cinematography Best Music and Best Art Direction (Hans Dreier Raoul Pene Du Bois Ray Moyer).
 Shaolin Popey (笑林小子) is a 1994 film directed by a Chu Yen-ping. The movie premiere was on 21 July 1994. It is starred Lin Zhiying Xu Ruoxuan Hao Shaowen Shi Xiaolong and Zhang Zhenyue. Lin Zhiying and Zhang Zhenyue also sang. The movie tells a story that a young boy helps his older brother to win the love of a girl. It is a youth comedy. The hero celebrity is Lin Zhiying little comedian Jimmy Hao Shao Wen the mainland kung fu boy Shi Xiaolong.
 Baby Geniuses is a 1999 family-oriented comedy film directed by Bob Clark rated PG for some rude behavior and dialogue. It stars Kathleen Turner and Christopher Lloyd.Computer-generated imagery effects were used to digitally superimpose moving lips over babies' mouths an effect similarly used in Clutch Cargo but many critics pointed the effect out as being unnerving.
 Molly is a 1999 romantic comedy-drama film about a 28-year-old woman with autism who came into the custody of her neurotic executive brother. The film was directed by John Duigan and written by Dick Christie of Small Wonder-fame and stars Elisabeth Shue Aaron Eckhart and Jill Hennessy.
 12 Angry Men is a 1997 television film directed by William Friedkin adapted from the Reginald Rose teleplay of the same title. A remake of the film of 1957.
 Cheerfu11y (Cheerfu11y チアフリー) is a 2011 Japanese cheerleading film directed by Shō Tsukikawa.The movie served as Universal Music Japan's second movie in the Japanese movie market following the success of its first offering the action film Run 60.
 Nefertiti figlia del sole is a 1994 Italian film directed by Guy Gilles.
 Ain't Them Bodies Saints is a 2013 American romantic crime drama film written and directed by David Lowery. The film follows an outlaw who escapes from prison and sets out across the Texas hills to reunite with his wife and the daughter he has never met. The film stars Casey Affleck as Bob Muldoon and Rooney Mara as Ruth Guthrie.The film debuted at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Cinematography Award in the U.S.
 A Very Short Life (Chinese: 短暫的生命; pinyin: Duǎn Zàn Dé Shēng Mìng; Cantonese Yale: Dyun Jaam Dik Sang Ming) is a 2009 Hong Kong drama film written produced and directed by Dennis Law. It is Law's fifth feature film as a writer and director. Centered on child abuse and child molestation the film stars Maggie Shiu as a Hong Kong police commissioner who investigates the murder of an 11-year-old girl at the hands of her abusive mother (Leila Kong).
 Her Imaginary Lover is a 1933 British comedy film directed by George King and starring Laura La Plante and Percy Marmont. The film was a quota quickie production based on the play Green Stockings by A. E. W. Mason featuring La Plante as New York socialite Celia who invents an aristocratic English fiancé named Lord Michael Ware to deflect the tedious attention of would-be suitors.
 Two Lies is a 1990 short film directed produced and written by Pamela Tom. The film was shot in black and white and discusses issues like identity Orientalism and Blepharoplasty.
 The Devil Bat (1940) is a black-and-white comedy-horror movie produced by Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC) and directed by Jean Yarbrough. The film stars horror actor Bela Lugosi along with Suzanne Kaaren Guy Usher Yolande Mallott and the comic team of Dave O'Brien and Donald Kerr as the protagonists. The film later had a 1946 sequel titled Devil Bat's Daughter.
 Hardi Pardaillan! is a 1964 French-Italian adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie and starring Gérard Barray Valérie Lagrange Philippe Lemaire Sophie Hardy and Guy Delorme. It was also known as The Gallant Musketeer.
 Convicted is a 1931 American film directed by Christy Cabanne.
 Beyond the Rave is a twenty-part horror serial initially published on MySpace that marked the return of Hammer Films in 2008.
 Mast Maja Maadi is a 2008 Kannada comedy-romance film directed by R. Ananth Raju featuring Sudeep Vijay Raghavendra Diganth Naga Kiran Komal and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by P.B. Balaji and lyrics by K. Ram Narayan.
 Fruit of Paradise (Czech: Ovoce stromů rajských jíme) is a 1970 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Věra Chytilová. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Gallant Hours is an American docudrama from 1960 about William F. Halsey Jr. and his efforts in fighting against Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto and the Imperial Japanese Navy in the Guadalcanal campaign of World War II.This film was directed by Robert Montgomery who also did uncredited narration and it stars James Cagney as Admiral Halsey. Featured in the cast are Dennis Weaver Ward Costello Vaughn Taylor Richard Jaeckel and Les Tremayne. The screenplay was by Frank D.
 Journey into Fear is a 1975 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Mann and based on the novel of the same name by Eric Ambler.It stars Sam Waterston Zero Mostel Yvette Mimieux Vincent Price Donald Pleasence Shelley Winters Stanley Holloway Joseph Wiseman and Ian McShane.The film is a remake of Journey into Fear a 1943 version of the novel starring Orson Welles.
 The Heavenly Kid is a 1985 comedy film directed by Cary Medoway and starring Lewis Smith Jason Gedrick Jane Kaczmarek and Richard Mulligan.
 XX: Beautiful Prey (ＸＸ　美しき獲物 XX: Utsukushiki emono) is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda. The film stars Kei Marimura Makiko Watanabe and Ren Ōsugi.
 Ra (also known as The Ra Expeditions) is a 1972 documentary film directed by Lennart Ehrenborg and Thor Heyerdahl about the expeditions organised by Thor Heyerdahl in 1969 and 1970 in attempt to cross Atlantic on papyrus boats. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Illegal is a 1955 American film noir directed by Lewis Allen. It stars Edward G. Robinson Nina Foch Hugh Marlowe and Jayne Mansfield.
 Kiskrajcár is a 1953 Hungarian comedy film directed by Márton Keleti. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Island of Dr. Moreau is a 1977 science fiction film and is the second English-language adaptation of the H. G. Wells novel of the same name a story of a scientist who attempts to convert animals into human beings. The film stars Burt Lancaster Michael York Nigel Davenport Barbara Carrera and Richard Basehart and is directed by Don Taylor.This movie is the second film in A.I.P.'s H.G. Wells film cycle which includes The Food of the Gods and Empire of the Ants.
 Wetherby is a 1985 British drama film written and directed by playwright David Hare.
 Njanasundari is a 1961 Indian Malayalam science mythological film based on the film Nalla Thangal .it was a hit film.starring prem nazirL.VijayalakshmiS.P.PillaiBahadoor etc..produced by T.E.Vasudevankoshydirected by K.S.sethumadhavan.
 Look Sharp Live is a concert video mixed with music videos by the Swedish pop duo Roxette released on VHS in October 1989. It features footage from a concert at Borgholm Castle in Borgholm Sweden 1989. Most of the shots were done by a Swedish and American crew. Two choppers were lent by the Swedish Air Force and Swedish media for aerial shots.
 Prison Break is a 1938 American film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Adipapam aka Aadhya Paapom (First Sin) is a 1988 Malayalam softcore biblical film directed by P. Chandrakumar and featuring Abhilasha in the lead role. The film is actually made as a family drama based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve. The lead characters appear completely nude in the film. The film made at a budget of 750000 grossed around 25 million. The success of the film inspired a series of similar productions in the next few years. Director P.
 The Dance (Icelandic: Dansinn (About this sound pronunciation )) is a 1998 Icelandic drama film produced and directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson. It is based on the short story Her skal danses by William Heinesen from Faroe Islands. It was both filmed in Faroe Islands and Iceland. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival where Guðmundsson won the Silver St. George for Best Director.
 The Wrong Man is a 1956 docu-drama by Alfred Hitchcock which stars Henry Fonda and Vera Miles.
 Our Daily Bread (German: Unser täglich Brot) is a 2005 documentary film directed co-produced and with cinematography by Nikolaus Geyrhalter. The script was co-written by Wolfgang Widerhofer and Nikolaus Geyrhalter.The film depicts how modern food production companies employ technology to maximize efficiency consumer safety and profit.
 For the First Time (Spanish: Por Primera Vez) is a 1967 Cuban documentary short film. It chronicles the events of April 12 1967 in the village of Los Munos in the Baracoa municipality of Cuba where a mobile cinema truck shows the villagers moving pictures for the first time.The entire film was shot on April 12 1967 in the village itself and shows the cinema truck traveling to the village as well as interviews with both the projectionists and several villagers.
 Collision (aka Intersections) is an English-language French romantic thriller film written and directed by American filmmaker David Marconi produced by Luc Besson and starring Frank Grillo Jaimie Alexander Roschdy Zem Marie-Josée Croze and Charlie Bewley. The film was released in France on January 30 2013.
 From a Night Porter's Point of View (Polish: Z punktu widzenia nocnego portiera) is a 1977 documentary film by Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Kieślowski. It won the Grand Prix at the nineteenth Kraków Film Festival in 1979. The 16 minute film consists of an interview with Marian Osuch a minor security official.Most of the footage is of Osuch performing the various duties of his job while he narrates his opinions on various subjects.
 Pain of Love (Danish: Kærlighedens Smerte) (1992) is a Danish dramatic tragedy written and directed by Nils Malmros. It stars Anne Louise Hassing and Søren Østergaard in a beautiful but bitter story about a young college student whose small setbacks in school and relationships lead her toward an inexorable descent into suicidal depression.
 Sons of Steel is an Australian science fiction/fantasy musical movie written directed and music directed by Gary L. Keady and produced by James M. Vernon.
 Capital Execution (Danish: Henrettelsen) is a 1903 silent film drama directed by Danish photographer Peter Elfelt. Based upon a true story the short 15-minute film relates the execution of a French woman who is condemned to death for killing her two children. It was the first dramatic movie made by a Danish filmmaker and is notable as an early example of a dramatic film that referenced action outside the picture frame.
 Alan Poza is a 2013 Nigerian romantic comedy drama film starring OC Ukeje as Alan Poza. It was written produced and directed by Charles Novia. It received 2 nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards. OC Ukeje also won a Best Of Nollywood Awards for his leading role as Alan Poza.
 Oil for the Lamps of China is a 1935 drama film starring Pat O'Brien and Josephine Hutchinson. It is based on the novel of the same name by Alice Tisdale Hobart. A man blindly puts his faith in his employer.
 Tweed is an upcoming horror film written and directed by Alexander Wraith starring Sam Pressman and Lili Emmanuelle.
 The Miracle Man is a 1919 American silent drama film starring Lon Chaney and based on a 1914 play by George M. Cohan which in turn is based on the novel of the same title by Frank L. Packard. The film was released by Paramount Pictures directed produced and written by George Loane Tucker and also stars Thomas Meighan and Betty Compson.
 Barsaat Ki Raat (Hindi: बरसात की रात; Translated: 'A Rainy Night') is a 1960 Bollywood film starring Bharat Bhushan Madhubala Shyama Mumtaz Begum and K.N. Singh. It was directed by P. L. Santoshi. Although Madhubala gets top billing the main character is played by Shyama.This film was released in black-and-white and is widely considered to be a classic. The film became particularly popular for its qawwali songs and was one of the biggest hits at the box-office in 1960.
 The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a 2010 fantasy-adventure film based on The Voyage of the Dawn Treader the third novel in C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia (and fifth in internal chronological order). It is the third installment in The Chronicles of Narnia film series from Walden Media.
 For Lovers Only is a 2011 romance film directed by Michael Polish written by Mark Polish and produced by The Polish brothers and Sean O'Grady. The film stars Stana Katic and Mark Polish. It was expected to be released in theaters in the United States in June 2011 but eventually adopted an online distribution strategy.
 The Horse of Pride is a 1980 film directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is Le cheval d'orgueil. It is based on Le cheval d'orgueil an autobiography by Pêr-Jakez Helias. The film takes place in the Bigouden area south of Quimper.
 Storm Rider Clash of the Evils is a Chinese animated feature film directed by Dante Lam and produced by Puzzle Animation Studio Limited and Shanghai Media Group. It is based on the manhua series Fung Wan by Ma Wing-shing.
 Asylum of the Damned Columbia Tristar (2004) also known as Hellborn CDA Entertainment is a 2003 horror film written by Matt McCombs directed by Philip J Jones and starring Matt Stasi and Bruce Payne.
 The Constant Woman (1933) also known as Auction in Souls and Hell in a Circus is an American film directed by Victor Schertzinger.
 Brink of Life (Swedish: Nära livet and known as So Close to Life in the UK) is a 1958 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman. Bergman won the Best Director Award and Anderson Dahlbeck Ornäs and Thulin won the Best Actress Award at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dos pintores pintorescos is a 1967 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina. It was shot in Eastmancolor with cinematography by Rosalío Solano.
 Cachorro (known as Bear Cub in English-speaking markets) is a 2004 Spanish gay-themed (in particular the gay bear community) drama film written and directed by Miguel Albaladejo. It is about a bearish gay man who ends up looking after his nephew while his sister goes away to India and in turn makes him develop a fatherly bond with the boy as well as forcing him to alter his lifestyle. The Spanish word cachorro describes any young furry animal such as a cub or puppy.
 Une journée en taxi (English title: A Day in a Taxi) is a 1982 French-language Canadian/French drama film.
 Scarface (also known as Scarface: The Shame of the Nation and The Shame of a Nation) is a 1932 American gangster film starring Paul Muni produced by Howard Hughes and Howard Hawks directed by Hawks and Richard Rosson and based on the 1929 eponymous novel by Armitage Trail. The film also features Ann Dvorak Karen Morley Osgood Perkins Boris Karloff.
 Banaras: A Mystic Love Story is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar released in 2006. The film takes place in the Hindu holy city of Varanasi (the city once known as Banaras serves as a destination for the pilgrimage of millions of Hindu worshippers annually) and is centered on the relationship of a young woman with her parents and her lover. The storyline also has a strong religious dimension.
 La familia Falcón is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Games of Love and Loneliness (Swedish: Den allvarsamma leken) is a 1977 Swedish drama film directed by Anja Breien. Lil Terselius won the award for Best Actress at the 14th Guldbagge Awards.
 El Grito de la juventud is a 1939 Argentine comedy drama film directed by Brazilian director Raul Roulien. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on 24 September 1939 and starred Vicente Climent.
 Man on Wire is a 2008 British documentary film directed by James Marsh. The film chronicles Philippe Petit's 1974 high-wire walk between the Twin Towers of New York's World Trade Center. It is based on Philippe Petit's book To Reach the Clouds recently released in paperback with the new title Man on Wire. The title of the movie is taken from the police report that led to the arrest (and later release) of Petit whose performance had lasted for almost one hour.
 One of a Kind (French: Mon âme par toi guérie) is a 2013 French drama film directed by François Dupeyron. In January 2014 Grégory Gadebois received a nomination for Best Actor at the 39th César Awards.
 Roughly Speaking (1945) is a drama/comedy starring Rosalind Russell and Jack Carson. The plot involves a strong-minded mother keeping her family afloat through World War I and the Great Depression. The movie was based on the autobiography of the same name published in 1943 by Louise Randall Pierson.
 James Pandu is an Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 It's Easier for a Camel... (French: Il est plus facile pour un chameau...) is a 2003 French comedy film written directed by and starring Valeria Bruni Tedeschi. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 It's a Boy Girl Thing is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Nick Hurran and written by Geoff Deane starring Samaire Armstrong and Kevin Zegers and set in the United States but produced in the United Kingdom. The producers of the film are David Furnish Steve Hamilton Shaw of Rocket Pictures and Martin F. Katz of Prospero Pictures.
 Kaal Madhumas is a 2013 Bengali film. The film was directed by Prabir Roy and produced by Adwik Entertainments. The music of the film composed by Biplab Chakraborty. Kaal Madhumas had its all India Release on 13 September 2013. The film comprises 4 songs sung by Sreeradha Bandopadhay Probal Mallick Dr. Sandip Chakraborty and Reshmi Chakraborty. Kaal Madhumas has been voted the top internet publicized film. Television actor Sudip Sarkar makes his debut in this film.
 New (Tamil: நியூ) is a 2004 Tamil fantasy comedy film directed written and produced by S. J. Surya who also features in the lead role. Simran Kiran Rathod and Devayani play supporting roles while A. R. Rahman composes the music.
 Warden of the Dead (Bulgarian: Пазачът на мъртвите translit. Pazachyt na myrtvite) is a 2006 Bulgarian film directed by Ilian Simeonov. It was Bulgaria's submission to the 80th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Secret Well is a 2007 Cambodian horror film. The Film provide a horror style from 2002's The Ring.
 Criminal is a 2004 American film based upon the Argentine film Nine Queens. Directed by Gregory Jacobs it stars John C. Reilly Diego Luna Maggie Gyllenhaal and Maeve Quinlan and is a production of Section Eight the production company of Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney.
 Joyful Noise is a 2012 American musical comedy-drama film starring Queen Latifah Dolly Parton Keke Palmer Courtney B. Vance and introducing Jeremy Jordan. It was written and directed by Todd Graff with gospel-infused music by Mervyn Warren. The film was released in U.S. theaters on January 13 2012. In the film two strong-minded women are forced to cooperate when budget cuts threaten to shut down a small-town choir.
 Tombs of the Blind Dead is a 1971 Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio. Its original Spanish title is La noche del terror ciego which means The Night of the Blind Terror. The film is the first in Ossorio's Blind Dead series and its success helped kickstart the Spanish horror film boom of the early Seventies.
 My Angel My Hero is an upcoming 2011 short film. It is directed by Faizan Sheikh and an Hollywood veteran actor Dan Shor. The film stars Faizan Sheikh Kimberly Dipersia and Dakim Wills. This stylish dark drama with sacrifices of our time surprises us with its characters and the strength to survive. The film echoes the sound of music and dance to heal Parkinson's disease a disease caused by the deterioration of brain cells leading to tremors of the muscles in the body.
 Samsaaram Aarogyathinu Haanikaram (English: Speaking is injurious to health) is a 2014 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Balaji Mohan. The film stars Dulquer Salman and Nazriya Nazim in lead roles. Sean Roldan scores the music Soundararajan is the cameraman and Abhinav Sunder Nayak is on the edit. The film was simultaneously made in Tamil with the same lead actors under the title Vaayai Moodi Pesavum and both versions were released on 25 April 2014 to positive reviews.
 Soldier Boyz is a 1995 B-Movie directed by Louis Mourneau. The film revolves around a group of convicts on a mission in Vietnam to rescue the daughter of a rich man.
 The Stealth is a 2008 3D animation short film produced by WaterMelon Studios.
 Please Give is a 2010 dark comedy film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener and starring Catherine Keener. It is the fourth film Keener and Holofcener have made together. The film also stars Amanda Peet Oliver Platt Rebecca Hall Elizabeth Keener Kevin Corrigan and Ann Guilbert.
 Gaslight is a 1940 British film directed by Thorold Dickinson which stars Anton Walbrook and Diana Wynyard and features Frank Pettingell. The film adheres more closely to the original play upon which it is based – Patrick Hamilton's Gas Light (1938) – than the better-known 1944 MGM adaptation. The play had been shown on Broadway as Angel Street so when the film was released in the United States it was given the same name.
 Awakenings is a 1990 American drama film based on Oliver Sacks' 1973 memoir of the same title. It tells the true story of British neurologist Oliver Sacks fictionalized as American Malcolm Sayer and portrayed by Robin Williams who in 1969 discovers beneficial effects of the then-new drug L-Dopa. He administered it to catatonic patients who survived the 1917–28 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica.
 No Trees in the Street is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Ted Willis from his 1948 stage play of the same name.
 Skyrunners is an American-Canadian sci-fi action/thriller television film that premiered on Disney XD on November 27 2009. It is the first and so far the only original film that premiered on network. In Canada it premiered on Disney XD.
 Andrea Chénier also spelled Andrea Chenier is a 1955 Italian drama film directed by Clemente Fracassi.It is loosely based on the eponymous 1896 opera by Umberto Giordano.
 Diana of the Crossways is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton Henry Victor and Joseph Tozer. It is an adaptation of the novel Diana of the Crossways by George Meredith.
 Return Ticket (Chinese: 到阜陽六百里) is a 2011 Chinese drama film directed by Teng Yung-shin.
 Churam is a 1997 Malayalam film by Bharathan starring Manoj K. Jayan and Divya Unni in the lead roles. This is one of last films of Bharathan before his death.
 Late Bloomer (Japanese: Osoi Hito) is a 2004 Japanese film by Go Shibata about a handicapped serial killer named Sumida. Sumida is disabled with cerebral palsy but all he wants is to hang out with his friends and enjoy beer rock and roll and women. When his best friend steals his secret love he embarks upon a cold-blooded rampage of revenge. The film is shot in grainy black and white and took over five years to make.The film features the music of World's End Girlfriend.
 Gli Amanti Latini (Latin Lovers) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Costa.
 Il saprofita (internationally released as The Profiteer) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Nasca. It marked the directorial debut of Nasca and raised some controversities due to its polemic plot and to its violence.
 Dead or Alive: Final is a 2002 Japanese cyberpunk science fiction film directed by Takashi Miike. It is the third in a three-part series preceded by Dead or Alive in 1999 and Dead or Alive 2: Birds in 2000. The films are not connected in any apparent way except by director Takashi Miike and stars Riki Takeuchi and Show Aikawa. Besides Japanese a lot of the conversation of the film is in Cantonese and some is in English. Often two people will talk to each other using different languages.
 Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is a 2012 Filipino comedy film starring Ogie Alcasid Solenn Heussaff and Dennis Trillo. The film was directed by Dominic Zapata and released by GMA Films & Regal Films.Boy Pick-Up: The Movie is the film adaptation of Bubble Gang's latest famous skit Pick-Up Lines Battle featuring the fliptop-inspired battle of words using cheesy pick-up lines rather than well-rhyming trash talks.
 Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads is a 1983 independent film by Spike Lee. Lee submitted the film as his master's degree thesis at the Tisch School of the Arts.Lee's classmates Ang Lee and Ernest R. Dickerson worked on the film as assistant director and cinematographer respectively. The film was the first student film to be showcased in Lincoln Center's New Directors New Films Festival. Lee's father Bill Lee composed the score. The film won a Student Academy Award.
 The Dark Side of Chocolate is a 2010 documentary film about the exploitation and slavetrading of African children to harvest chocolate still occurring nearly ten years after the cocoa industry pledged to end it.
 The Corner is a 1916 film western written by C. Gardner Sullivan and starring George Fawcett and Willard Mack.
 Baadal is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Anand Sagar starring Shammi Kapoor Mithun Chakraborty Poonam Dhillon Arun Govil Bob Christo and Shakti Kapoor.
 Shadowguard: The Blood Bond Saga (formerly known as The Blood Bond) is a 2010 action film directed by Michael Biehn and Bey Logan. Written by Bey Logan. Starring Michael Biehn. The Blood Bond premiered at 2010 Cannes Film Market.
 Love Is Not All Around (traditional Chinese： 十分愛) is a 2007 Hong Kong film written and directed by Patrick Kong.
 When Women Had Tails (Italian: Quando le Donne Avevano la Coda) is a 1970 Italian comedy film set in pre-historic times when “women had tails” and were hunted by cavemen. It stars Giuliano Gemma Senta Berger and Lando Buzzanca.
 Dysfunktional Family is an American documentary and stand-up comedy film written produced and starring comedian Eddie Griffin. It was released to theaters by Miramax Films on April 4 2003 and stayed in theaters until May 18 2003. The film earned $2255000 with its widest release being in 602 theaters.
 Arizona is a 1940 American Western film starring Jean Arthur William Holden and Warren William. It was directed by Wesley Ruggles.Victor Young was nominated for the Academy Award for Original Music Score while Lionel Banks and Robert Peterson were considered for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction Black-and-White.
 Luke Laughs Last is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Not to be confused with Stephen King's Cat's Eye.Cat's Eye is a 1997 Japanese film directed by Kaizo Hayashi and starring Yuki Uchida and Norika Fujiwara. It is a live-action movie adaptation of the famous manga and anime TV series Cat's Eye not to be confused with a previous 1985 live-action TV movie adaptation.
 The Manxman is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Anny Ondra Carl Brisson and Malcolm Keen. The film is based on a popular 1896 romantic novel The Manxman by Hall Caine which had previously been made into a 1917 film. This was the last silent film Hitchcock directed before he made the transition to sound film with his next film Blackmail.
 Retreat is an 2011 British horror-thriller film and the directorial debut of former film editor Carl Tibbets. The film stars Cillian Murphy Jamie Bell and Thandie Newton as three people isolated from the rest of the world on a remote island who are told they are survivors of a fatal airborne disease that is sweeping over the entire world. However their induced isolation may be the result of a lie and it may be that they are being held at the whim of a madman.
 Ca-bau-kan also known as The Courtesan is a 2002 Indonesian romantic drama film directed by Nia Dinata and starring Niniek L. Karim Ferry Salim and Lola Amaria. It was distributed by Kalyana Shira Film and released on February 7 2002 in Jakarta. The film was screened at the 2003 Palm Springs International Film Festival.
 Assassinio sul Tevere (Assassination on the Tiber) is a 1979 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci. It is the sixth chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
 The Land Before Time XI: Invasion of the Tinysauruses is a 2005 direct-to-video animated film and the 11th film in the The Land Before Time series.
 Loverboy is a 2011 Romanian drama film directed by Cătălin Mitulescu. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 August 1991 is a 2005 television dramatization of a failed Soviet attempt to suppress the Singing Revolution independence movement in Estonia. At the same time as the events unfold in Estonia a 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt is taking place in Moscow. Tanks roll through the streets of Estonia attempting to crush the fledgling democracy and assert Soviet authority.
 Margin Call is a 2011 American independent drama film written and directed by J.C. Chandor. The story takes place over a 36-hour period at a large Wall Street investment bank and highlights the initial stages of the financial crisis of 2007–08. In focus are the actions taken by a group of employees during the subsequent financial collapse.
 Of Love & Betrayal is a 1995 American action/romance film written and directed by Michael Reed McLaughlin. It stars Kevin Rahm Amy Caudill and Tamara Jeffries. It was filmed on location in The Bahamas and shot on 35 mm film on a 76' schooner.
 Black Moon is a 1975 French/West German avant-garde film directed by Louis Malle. The film stars Cathryn Harrison Joe Dallesandro Therese Giehse and Alexandra Stewart. Shown at the 1975 New York Film Festival it was distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
 Cricket Scandal is an upcoming Indian film written and directed by India's first transgender director Rose Venkatesan. Made simultaneously in English and Tamil the film is based on match-fixing in world cricket. The film stars newcomer Kishan with Rose playing the female lead.
 Beauty and the Beast is an 48-minute animated film originally released on May 4th 1992 and based on the classic fairy tale Beauty and the Beast by Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve. Like all other Golden Films productions the film featured a single theme song The Beauty in the Beast written and composed by Richard Hurwitz and John Arrias.
 Strikes and Spares is a 1934 American short sports film directed by Felix E. Feist. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1934 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 The Prince and the Surfer is a 1999 comedy direct-to-video film about a prince who switches places with a Southern California surfer and skateboarder. It was directed by Arye Gross and Gregory Gieras and stars Sean Kellman Robert Englund and Vincent Schiavelli.
 Thenkasipattanam (English: Thenkasi Town) is a 2000 Malayalam comedy musical film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin produced by Lal and starring Suresh Gopi and Lal. Others in the cast include Dileep Samyuktha Varma Geethu Mohandas Kavya Madhavan Salim Kumar and Spadikam George.
 Quarantine is a 2000 American thriller television film written by Steven Salzburg and directed by Chuck Bowman. The film aired on ABC.
 The Secret Ways is a 1961 American thriller film based on Alistair McLean's novel The Last Frontier. It stars Richard Widmark.
 Time to Leave (French: Le Temps qui reste) is a French film directed by François Ozon released in 2005. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Butcher Boy is an 1997 Irish tragicomic drama film adapted to film by Neil Jordan and Patrick McCabe from McCabe's 1992 novel of the same name.Set in the early 1960s The Butcher Boy is about Francis Brady (Eamonn Owens) a 9-year-old boy who retreats into a violent fantasy world to escape the reality of his dysfunctional family; as his circumstances worsen his sanity deteriorates and he begins acting out with increasing brutality.
 Jail Birds is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood Jack Richardson and Charlotte Burton.
 As Tears Go By is a 1988 Hong Kong action romance film that was the directorial debut of Wong Kar-wai that starred Andy Lau Maggie Cheung and Jacky Cheung. Critics have compared the film to Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets as the central plot revolves around a small time gangster (Lau) trying to keep his smaller-time gangster friend (Cheung) out of trouble. It also screened at 1989's Cannes Film Festival (International Critics' Week).
 Krrish is a series of Indian science fiction superhero films directed produced and written by Rakesh Roshan. It is considered Indian cinema's first such film series. All three films starred Rakesh's son Hrithik Roshan and were scored by his brother Rajesh Roshan. The films are centered around a handicapped boy who has an encounter with an extraterrestrial being and later the boy's son who grows up to be a reluctant superhero.
 Mr. Jolly Lives Next Door is a 1987 comedy film made for British television as part of The Comic Strip Presents... series and was originally broadcast on Channel 4. It was released on VHS in the late 1980s and became available on DVD when the entire Comic Strip Presents... series was released as a box set in the UK in June 2005. It has also been repeated occasionally on the Paramount Comedy Channel.
 Smokey and the Bandit is a 1977 American action comedy film starring Burt Reynolds Sally Field Jackie Gleason Jerry Reed Pat McCormick Paul Williams and Mike Henry.
 Out of Reach is a 2004 direct-to-video action/adventure drama film starring Steven Seagal. It was directed by Po-Chih Leong and written by Trevor Miller and James Townsend. Seagal plays William Lancing a former covert agent turned survivalist tracking a human trafficking ring and trying to rescue his pen pal a thirteen-year-old orphan from Poland whom he has taught to use secret codes.
 The Girl Irene (German:Das Mädchen Irene) is a 1936 German drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Lil Dagover Sabine Peters and Geraldine Katt. The widowed mother of a middle class family falls in love provoking the jealousy of her daughrer.
 The First Beautiful Thing (Italian: La prima cosa bella) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Paolo Virzì produced by Medusa Film Motorino Amaranto and Indiana Production released in Italy on 15 January 2010. The film stars Micaela Ramazzotti Valerio Mastandrea Claudia Pandolfi and Stefania Sandrelli.On 9 November 2010 the film opened at the Cinema Italian style Film Festival in Los Angeles.
 The Real Bruce Lee is a martial arts documentary. It begins with a brief biography of Bruce Lee and shows scenes from four of his childhood films Bad Boy Orphan Sam Kid Cheung and The Carnival each sepia-toned and dubbed to English. Next there is a three-minute highlight reel of Lee imitator Bruce Li.
 A Moment of Innocence (Persian: نون و گلدون‎ Nūn o goldūn) is a 1996 film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. It is also known as Nun va Goldoon Bread and Flower Bread and Flower Pot and The Bread and the Vase
 De Dhakka (Marathi: दे धक्का) is a Marathi film released in India in 2008 inspired by the Hollywood film Little Miss Sunshine (2006).Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar the play back singer of this film received Maharashtra State Award V Shantaram Award and Maharashtra Times award in the category of 'Best Play back singer'.
 Eine deutsche Revolution is a 1982 West German drama film directed by Helmut Herbst. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Maalai Sooda Vaa is a 1975 Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan and Manjula in the lead roles. The script was written by Venniradai Moorthy. It was one of the very early films in which Kamal Haasan acted as hero.
 Green Card is a 1990 romantic comedy film written produced directed by Peter Weir and starring Gérard Depardieu and Andie MacDowell. The screenplay focuses on an American woman who enters into a marriage of convenience with a Frenchman so he can obtain a green card and remain in the United States. Depardieu won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
 Blue Songs is a 1929 Paramount musical short film starring Ruth Etting. This was Ruth Etting's first film.
 The Noose Hangs High is a 1948 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. The film is a remake of the Universal Pictures film For Love or Money (1939).
 The Slayer (also known as Nightmare Island) is a 1982 horror film directed by J. S. Cardone. The film gained notoriety and was classified in the UK as a video nasty in the 1980s.
 The Millionairess is a 1960 British romantic comedy film set in London directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Sophia Loren and Peter Sellers. It is a loose adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's 1936 play of the same name.Sellers plays Ahmed el Kabir a socialist Indian doctor who meets Epifania Parerga (Loren) a wilful and arrogant heiress who has married to satisfy the conditions of her father's will but whose marriage has not produced the hoped-for happiness.
 Challenge to Lassie is an American drama directed by Richard Thorpe and released October 31 1949 by MGM Studios. It was the fifth feature film starring the original Lassie a collie named Pal and the fourth and final Lassie film that Donald Crisp would star in.The movie is based on Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson's book Greyfriars Bobby which in turn is based on a true story.
 A Wreath in Time is a 1909 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists.
 The Net 2.0 is a 2006 direct-to-video written by Rob Cowan and directed by Charles Winkler. It is a sequel to the 1995 film The Net directed by his father Irwin Winkler but has a separate plot. The story concerns a computer systems analyst who finds herself in a web of identity theft robbery and murder when she lands in Turkey for a new job.
 Dogs of War! is a 1923 silent short subject the fourteenth entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. Directed by Robert F. McGowan the two-reel short was released to theaters in July 1923 by Pathé Exchange. The short was filmed alongside Why Worry? a feature comedy produced by Roach and starring Harold Lloyd who makes a cameo appearance in Dogs of War as himself.
 The One Million Pound Note (Hungarian: Az egymillió fontos bankó) is a 1916 Hungarian silent comedy film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Lajos Ujváry Gyula Nagy and Aladár Ihász. It is an adaptation of Mark Twain's 1893 short story The Million Pound Bank Note.
 Asiemut is a Canadian documentary film depicting the 8000 kilometres (5000 mi) cycling and philosophical journey of a young French Canadian couple from Mongolia to India. It was entirely filmed directed and produced by Olivier Higgins and Mélanie Carrier. Asiemut has won 35 prizes in festivals around the world.[citation needed]
 The Zombie Farm is a 2011 American zombie film written and directed by Ricardo Islas. It stars Adriana Cataño Nadia Rowinsky Khotan Monika Munoz and Monika Munoz. It is about a battered wife con man and documentary filmmaker who team up against a voodoo priestess.
 The Gold Rush is a 1925 American silent comedy film written produced directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin in his Little Tramp role. The film also stars Georgia Hale Mack Swain Tom Murray Henry Bergman and Malcolm Waite. Chaplin declared several times that this was the film for which he most wanted to be remembered. Though a silent film it received an Academy Awards nomination for Best Sound Recording (see re-release below).
 Alkitrang dugo is a 1975 Filipino film based on the novel Lord of the Flies by English novelist Sir William Golding.
 Faust is a 1960 West German theatrical film directed by Peter Gorski. It is based on Goethe's Faust and adapted from the theater production at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus in Hamburg. The film starred Peter Gorski's adoptive father Gustav Gründgens as Mephistopheles and was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 33rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 When Nature Calls is a 1985 spoof comedy written and directed by Charles Kaufman and starring Academy Award nominee David Strathairn in an early performance.
 Kinnikuman has had one TV special and seven theatrically released movies.
 For the zoo called the same see the Living Desert Zoo and Gardens.The Living Desert is a 1953 American nature documentary film that shows the everyday lives of the animals of the desert of the southwestern United States. The movie was written by James Algar Winston Hibler Jack Moffitt (uncredited) and Ted Sears. It was directed by Algar with Hibler as the narrator and was filmed in Tucson Arizona at the Westward Look Wyndham Grand Resort and Spa.
 Zig Zag is a 1970 film directed by Richard A. Colla and starring George Kennedy.
 The Forsaken Land (Sinhala: Sulanga Enu Pinisa) is a 2005 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Vimukthi Jayasundara. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Caméra d'Or.
 Akkare Akkare Akkare (Malayalam: അക്കരെ അക്കരെ അക്കരെ) is a 1990 Malayalam comedy film directed by Priyadarshan and written by Sreenivasan. This is a sequel to Pattanapravesham (1988) which in turn was a sequel to 1987 film Nadodikkattu. This time the story follows CID Dasan (Mohanlal) and CID Vijayan (Sreenivasan) on an investigation for a stolen gold crown in the United States. Others in the cast include M.G.
 Opium War is a 2008 Afghan black comedy film directed by Siddiq Barmak.
 Pipe Dreams is a 1976 film starring soul singer Gladys Knight in her acting debut as a woman who attempts to regain the love of her husband played by real-life spouse Barry Hankerson. In this drama her husband must choose between reuniting with her or giving in to pressure of the local boss Mike Thompson played by Wayne Tippit.
 A Black and White World is a 2005 Australian short film. It is the story of a character in a black-and-white silent film who transcends the medium and in doing so changes with it. Written and directed by Adam White the story pays homage to the era of film when silent pictures were being superseded by talkies. On a more simple level it is a love story about the possibilities of change.The film was shot on Super16 in studios and locations in Melbourne during September and October 2004.
 Veendum Kannur is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film directed by Haridas starring Anoop Menon in the lead role. The film is touted as a sequel to the director's own 1997 film Kannur although the characters do not resemble. Veendum Kannur is about how one man sets out to bring about a revolution in the communist party.
 Johnny Be Good is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Bud Smith starring Anthony Michael Hall as the main character Johnny Walker. The film also features Robert Downey Jr. Steve James Jennifer Tilly and Uma Thurman in her film debut. Former Chicago Bears quarterback Jim McMahon makes a cameo appearance. Judas Priest and Ted Nugent among others contributed to the soundtrack. The title track Johnny B.
 Ayaal is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Suresh Unnithan. Lal Iniya Lakshmi Sharma and Lena play the lead roles. The story screenplay and dialogue of the film is written by Dr. K. Ampady. The film is produced by Madhusoodanan Mavelikara (Seashell Movies) and M. T. Dileep Kumar (Elements Vision). The cinematography is by Sujith Vasudev. Ayaal was earlier titled Nagabandham. The film released on 28 June 2013.Ayaal is a story on intense human relations.
 Black Death is a 2010 German-British adventure/drama/horror film directed by Christopher Smith from an original screenplay by Dario Poloni. It stars Sean Bean Eddie Redmayne and Carice van Houten.Despite not being credited as a writer Smith made very significant changes in the second half of the script including a new ending. All the scenes of Black Death were shot in the chronological order a rare occurrence.
 George Washington is a 1984 television miniseries directed by Buzz Kulik. The miniseries released in three parts chronicles the life of George Washington the 1st President of the United States from age 11 to age 51. George Washington is based on the biography by James Thomas Flexner.The miniseries was shot mainly on location near Washington D.C. and was aired on April 8 10 and 11 1984.
 Imputato alzatevi! is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Erminio Macario. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Wilde Salomé is a 2011 American documentary-drama film written directed by and starring Al Pacino. An exploration of Oscar Wilde's play Salomé the film premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival. At the festival Pacino was presented with the Glory to the Filmmaker! Award and the film won the Queer Lion award.The United States premiere of Wilde Salomé was held on March 21 2012 at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco's Castro District.
 Bad Influence is a 1990 American film starring Rob Lowe and James Spader. In this noirish film Spader plays a yuppie who meets a mysterious stranger (Lowe) who encourages him to explore his darker side. Bad Influence was the first original screenplay for which David Koepp received a sole screenplay credit. The film's villain is loosely based on a real person a nomadic surfer who befriended executive producer Morrie Eisenman.
 Anthu Inthu Preethi Banthu is a 2008 Kannada film starring Aditya Babu and Ramya in lead roles. The film is a remake of the 2006 Telugu film Aadavari Matalaku Ardhale Verule directed by Selvaraghavan with Aditya Babu and Ramya replacing the lead couple originally played by Venkatesh and Trisha Krishnan.
 Christiane F. – Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo is a 1981 German film directed by Ulrich Edel that portrays the drug scene in West Berlin in the 1970s based on the non-fiction book of the same name written following tape recordings of teenage girl Christiane F. The movie immediately acquired cult status (which it still retains today) and features David Bowie as both himself and the soundtrack composer which gave the movie a commercial boost.
 Svengali is a 2013 British film from Root Films directed by John Hardwick and written by Jonny Owen. The film stars Martin Freeman Vicky McClure Matt Berry Michael Socha Michael Smiley and Natasha O'Keeffe.
 Nezakonchennyy uzhin (Russian: Незаконченный ужин; Unfinished Dinner) is a 1979 Soviet police film about Martin Beck directed by Jānis Streičs based on the novel Murder at the Savoy (1970).
 Perversidade is a 1921 Brazilian short film comedy directed by José Medina.The film was premiered on October 27 1921 in Rio de Janeiro.
 A Doll's House is a 1922 silent film drama produced by and starring Alla Nazimova and directed by her husband Charles Bryant. The couple released the film through United Artists. It is based on the play A Doll's House by Henrik Ibsen. The film was the fourth silent version filmed being preceded by a 1918 Paramount film directed by Maurice Tourneur. The film is lost.
 A Balinese Trance Seance is a documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker the late Tim Asch that profiles Jero Tapakan a Balinese spirit medium.
 Centauros del pasado is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Baandhon (Assamese: বান্ধোন English: Waves of Silence) is a 2012 Assamese language drama film starring Bishnu Kharghoria and Bina Patangia in the lead roles. The film was directed by Jahnu Barua and produced by Assam State Film (Finance & Development) Corporation Limited.
 The 11Eleven Project is a documentary film created by Danielle Lauren. The film features crowdsourced video footage audio and images taken on the 11 November 2011. The film premiered worldwide on the 11 November 2012.
 World Builder is a 2007 short sci-fi film by Bruce Branit. The entire film (except for two characters) is computer generated.
 Vindhyarani (English title: Queen of the Vindhyas; Telugu: వింధ్యరాణి) is a 1948 Telugu film directed by C. Pullayya. It is a film based on a drama written by Pingali Nagendra Rao. Pushpavalli played the title role of Vindhyarani.
 Dr. M. is a 1990 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol. The film is a remake of 1922's Fritz Lang's Dr. Mabuse the Gambler which was in turn based on Mabuse der Spieler by Norbert Jacques.
 The Office Wife is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon released by Warner Bros. and based on the novel of the same name by Faith Baldwin. It was the talkie debut for Joan Blondell who would become one of the major Warner Bros. stars for the following nine years.
 Under the Crescent is a 1915 American drama film serial directed by Burton L. King. The film is considered to be lost.
 Romance on the Orient Express is a 1985 television film directed by Lawrence Gordon Clark.
 St George's Day is a 2012 British gangster film. It was directed by Frank Harper and starred Craig Fairbrass Frank Harper Charles Dance Vincent Regan Dexter Fletcher Nick Moran and Keeley Hazell.
 Chinese Take-Away (Spanish: Un cuento chino) is a 2011 Argentine comedy film written and directed by Sebastián Borensztein. The film was the highest grossing non-US film in Argentina in 2011.
 Wannabe is a 2005 comedy film starring Craig Robert Young Octavia Spencer Adam Huss Anna Becker Tate Taylor eddie Mills Matt Dallas and Elizabeth Warner and written by Craig Robert Young and Richard Kith directed by Richard Keith.
 That's What She Said is a 2012 American comedy film written by Kellie Overbey and directed by Carrie Preston.
 All the Right Noises is a 1971 British drama film directed by Gerry O'Hara and starring Tom Bell Olivia Hussey Judy Carne and John Standing.
 Yeshwant is a 1997 Bollywood crime film directed by Anil Mattoo produced by Vijay K. Ranglani. It stars Nana Patekar and Madhoo in pivotal roles.
 Tween Academy: Class of 2012 is a Filipino film for tweens produced by GMA Films and SM Development Corporation. The show Tween Hearts top-billed by the love teams of Joshua Dionisio - Barbie Forteza and Jake Vargas - Bea Binene together with Joyce Ching and Kristofer Martin Lexi Fernandez and Derick Monasterio Louise delos Reyes and Alden Richards Elmo Magalona is the basis of the film. The film was released August 24 2011.
 See You at the Pillar is a 1967 British short documentary film about Dublin combining contemporary footage folk music and quotations from past residents such as George Bernard Shaw Oscar Wilde and Brendan Behan. The film is narrated via a conversation between Anthony Quayle and Norman Rodway. Produced by Robert Fitchet it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Stronger Vow is a 1919 silent film melodrama directed by Reginald Barker and distributed by Samuel Goldwyn.
 Bells of San Angelo is a 1947 American film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers. Shot in Trucolor the modern day Western film mixes half a dozen songs with mystery international smuggling of silver violence a pack of dogs and comedy relief with one character packing a sixteen shooter.
 La hermana dinamita (The Dynamite Sister) is a 1969 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Afro@Digital is a 2002 documentary film.
 Trinetra is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Harry Baweja starring Mithun Chakraborty Deepa Sahi Shilpa Shirodkar Gulshan Grover and Amrish Puri and Dharmendra in an extended special appearance.
 Pies and Guys is the 185th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Madhumasam (Telugu: మధుమాసం) is a Telugu film produced by D. Ramanaidu and directed by Chandra Siddhartha. The film has Sumanth Sneha and Parvati Melton in lead roles. This film released on 9 February. 2007 and was a hit at the box office having a run of over a hundred days in a few centres.
 Once An Eagle is a 1976 nine-hour American television mini-series directed by Richard Michaels and E.W. Swackhamer. The picture was written by Peter S. Fischer and based on the 1968 Anton Myrer novel of the same name.The first and last installments of the seven-part series were each two-hour broadcasts while the interim episodes were 60 minutes.The mini-series concerns the thirty year careers of two military men from the outbreak of World War I to the aftermath of World War II.
 Báječná léta pod psa (English - The Blissful Years of Lousy Living) is a 1997 movie adapted from the book of the same title by Michal Viewegh. The film is directed by Petr Nikolaev.
 Kaala Patthar (English: Black Stone) is a 1979 Indian Bollywood action/drama film. It was produced and directed by Yash Chopra. The story was written by Salim-Javed. This film is the fourth collaboration between Amitabh Bachchan Shashi Kapoor and director Yash Chopra after the hugely successful Deewaar (1975) Kabhie Kabhie (1976) and Trishul (1978). However this film did average business at the box office. It was nominated for Filmfare awards.
 Drawing the Line is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Raktha Sindhuram (Telugu: రక్త సింధూరం) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role and Radha and Kaikala Satyanarayana in important roles.
 La via dei babbuini is a 1974 Italian commedia all'italiana film written and directed by Luigi Magni.
 I cannibali (internationally released as The Cannibals and The Year of the Cannibals) is an Italian drama film directed by Liliana Cavani. It is inspired by the Antigone of Sophocles. The film competed in the Quinzaines des Realisateurs section of the 23rd Cannes Film Festival.
 The Big Brass Ring is a 1999 drama film starring William Hurt Nigel Hawthorne Irene Jacob Jefferson Mays and Miranda Richardson (who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her performance). The film's script was heavily rewritten by George Hickenlooper and F. X. Feeney from a previous screenplay written by Orson Welles and Oja Kodar in the early 1980s; Hickenlooper also directed the film.
 A Doll's House is a 1959 live telecast based on Henrik Ibsen's 1879 play A Doll's House directed by George Schaefer which was broadcast on 15 November 1959 and is preserved as a kinescope.
 Comin' Round The Mountain is a 1951 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
 Marouf the Cairo Cobbler (French: Marouf Savetier du Caire) is a 1947 Moroccan film directed by Jean Mauran. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Bittersweet Life (Hangul: 달콤한 인생; RR: Dalkomhan insaeng; lit. The Sweet Life) is a 2005 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Ji-woon and starring Lee Byung-hun. Ruthlessly violent it illustrates the ethical codes in the Korean mob and how they clash with personal morality.
 Lorenzo's Oil is a 1992 American drama film directed by George Miller. It is based on the true story of Augusto and Michaela Odone two parents in a relentless search for a cure for their son Lorenzo's adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD). The film was nominated for two Academy Awards. It was filmed primarily from September 1991 to February 1992 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The film had a limited release in North America on December 30 1992 with a nationwide release two weeks later on January 15 1993.
 Filming 'The Trial' is an unfinished making-of film by Orson Welles made in 1981 which focuses on the production of his 1962 film The Trial.
 PoliWood is a 2009 documentary film directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Tim Daly Robin Bronk and Robert E. Baruc.
 Memoirs of a Survivor is a 1981 British science fiction film directed by David Gladwell with some scenes filmed at the location of Argyle Street Norwich. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name by Doris Lessing.It is scheduled to be released on DVD in June 2014 by Network Distributing.
 Twilight Dinner (超いんらん　姉妹どんぶり Chōinran: shimai donburi) is a 1998 Japanese Pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Voltati Eugenio (internationally released as Eugenio and Turn Around Eugenio) is a 1980 Italian comedy drama film by Luigi Comencini.It entered the 37th Venice International Film Festival. The film won the David di Donatello for best score.
 Pankh is a 2010 Bollywood film written and directed by Sudipto Chattopadhyaya and starring Bipasha Basu Lilette Dubey Mahesh Manjrekar Ronit Roy Sanjeeda Sheikh and newcomers Maradona Rebello and Amit Purohit. The film was released on 2 April 2010. The film is reportedly based on the case of child actor Ahsaas Channa who's apparently a girl passed off as a boy in movies like Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna and Vaastu Shastra.
 Jacquot de Nantes is a 1991 French drama film directed by Agnès Varda. It was screened out of competition at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.The film is a portrait of the making of an artist; recreating the early life of Varda's husband Jacques Demy in Occupied France and his interest in the various crafts associated with film making such as casting set design animation and lighting.
 Trick Baby is a 1972 American crime-drama film starring Kiel Martin and Mel Stewart. The film is commonly associated with the blaxploitation genre of the period but is more plot and character driven than other blaxploitation films. Trick Baby is based on the Iceberg Slim novel of the same name.
 Enakkoru Magan Pirappan is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by Keyaar. The film features Ramki Kushboo Vivek Anju Aravind and Vadivukkarasi in lead roles. The film produced by V. Natarajan had musical score by Karthik Raja and was released on 15 August 1996. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Aadyathe Kanmani.
 Kaliyattam (English: The Play of God) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraaj and starring Suresh Gopi Lal Manju Warrier and Biju Menon. The film is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Othello against the backdrop of the Hindu Theyyam performance. Suresh Gopi played Kannan Perumalayan the equivalent to Othello. Lal played Paniyan the equivalent to Iago. Manju Warrier played Thamara the Desdemona version.
 The Octagon is a 1980 action film starring Chuck Norris Karen Carlson and Lee Van Cleef. It was directed by Eric Karson and written by Paul Aaron and Leigh Chapman. It was filmed in Los Angeles California and released on August 14 1980. It is notable for its inventive use of 'voice over' effects to portray the inner life of Chuck Norris's character Scott James. This was actor Richard Norton's film debut.
 Bloodstone is a 2009 American film. It was shot over a period of six months and took two months for post production. The film premiered on May 22 as a fundraiser for charity.[citation needed]
 Dongodu is a 2003 Telugu language comedy movie produced by Bheemineni Rushita Sai under Goodwill Cinema banner. This Movie is remake of Malayam movie Meesa Madhavan. The film features Ravi Teja and Kalyani in the lead roles. Music has been composed Vidyasagar. The movie released on 7 August 2003 was a decent Boxoffice success.
 Bambai Ka Babu is a 1996 Bollywood action film directed by Vikram Bhatt. It stars Saif Ali Khan Atul Agnihotri and Kajol.
 Proof is a 1991 Australian film by Jocelyn Moorhouse starring Hugo Weaving Geneviève Picot and Russell Crowe. It was chosen as Best Film at the 1991 Australian Film Institute Awards along with 5 other awards including Moorhouse for Best Director Weaving for Best Leading Actor and Crowe for Best Supporting Actor.
 The Hand of the Artist is a 1906 British short silent animated comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring the director's hand bringing to life photographic images of a young man and woman only for each sequence to end in them being crumpled up and discarded in the form of confetti. The film which has been described as the first British animated film survives as part of the Corrick Collection of the Corrick family entertainers who toured Australia and the world between 1901 and 1914.
 Vogues of 1938 is a 1937 musical film distributed by United Artists directed by Irving Cummings written by Bella Spewack and Sam Spewack and starring by Warner Baxter and Joan Bennett.
 Director Sandra Nashaat decided errant in all the governorates of Egypt to know and show the views of the people in the Constitution of Egypt 2013/2014 and encourage them to participatein her short film «Sharak» .and which means participateAnd is a short film and documentary and is a film that brought the crowd of Egyptians in all the provinces and decided a bold step that shows saw the street and the ordinary people of all the provinces in this Constitution the film introduced most of the satellite channels and won by great watch because it describes the Egyptians simpletons away from the celebrities and the media.Said Sandra about that experience : we need to find out why people say yes to the constitution particularly as it is the first time that we see everyone rally to this Constitution Apart from my reading of the articles of the Constitution I wish to know whether ordinary people and are far off from the media know what is constitutional and what is the medium closest for stability so we drove to Port Said and the people of the Nuba Alexandria and Upper Egypt governorates different Tanta and Mahalla . 
 Super is a 2010 American comedy-drama superhero film written and directed by James Gunn starring Rainn Wilson Ellen Page Liv Tyler Kevin Bacon and Nathan Fillion. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in theaters in the United States on April 1 2011 and on video on demand on April 13 2011. The film was released unrated in U.S. theaters and later received an R rating for its DVD/Blu-ray release.
 For plants called wild iris see Dietes iridioides and Iris.Wild Iris (2001) is a drama film starring Laura Linney Gena Rowlands Emile Hirsch and Fred Ward including Miguel Sandoval Scott Gibson Amy Stewart and Lee Tergesen. Original screenplay by Kent Broadhurst.Laura Linney won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie. Gena Rowlands was also nominated for the same award.
 The Toy (French: Le jouet) is a 1976 French comedy film directed by Francis Veber.
 The Season of Men (Arabic: موسم الرجال (فيلم)‎ translit. Maussim al-rijal French: La saison des hommes) is a 2000 French-Tunisian drama film directed by Moufida Tlatli. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Apartment Wife: Affair In the Afternoon (団地妻　昼下がりの情事 / 団地妻　昼下りの情事 Danchizuma hirusagari no jōji) aka From 3 to Sex is a 1971 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series. The first film in this successful new direction for the studio it was directed by Shōgorō Nishimura and starred Kazuko Shirakawa.
 Lorelei: The Witch of the Pacific Ocean (ローレライ Rōrerai) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Shinji Higuchi.
 Madly Madagascar is a direct to DVD Valentine's Day special starring the characters from the Madagascar film series and taking place between the second and the third film. Produced by DreamWorks Animation it was written and directed by David Soren. The special was released on DVD on January 29 2013.
 Ma-Mha (Thai: มะหมา 4 ขาครับ or Ma-Mha 4 Ka Krub also Mid-Road Gang) is a 2007 Thai comedy-drama film directed by Pantham Thongsang and Somkiet Vituranich about a pack of stray dogs in suburban Bangkok who want to cross a busy highway in hopes of finding a better life on the other side of the road. It is the first Thai live-action feature film to feature main characters that are animals.
 White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf is the sequel to the 1991 film White Fang. It was released on April 15 1994 by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by Ken Olin and stars Scott Bairstow Alfred Molina and Geoffrey Lewis. Ethan Hawke reprises his role of Jack Conroy. The filming locations were Aspen Colorado and Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Walt Disney Home Video released this movie on VHS October 19 1994.
 Luke Joins the Navy is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 The Voyage That Shook The World is a 2009 dramatised documentary film commissioned by Creation Ministries International a Christian Young Earth creationist organisation and produced by Fathom Media.
 Khartoum is a 1966 film written by Robert Ardrey and directed by Basil Dearden. It stars Charlton Heston as General Gordon and Laurence Olivier as the Mahdi (Muhammad Ahmed) and is based on Gordon's defence of the Sudanese city of Khartoum from the forces of the Mahdist army during the Siege of Khartoum.Khartoum was filmed by cinematographer Ted Scaife in Technicolor Ultra Panavision 70 and was exhibited in 70 mm Cinerama in premiere engagements.
 Get Bruce sometimes stylized as Get Bruce! is a 1999 documentary film starring Bruce Vilanch Whoopi Goldberg Robin Williams Lily Tomlin Shirley MacLaine Steven Seagal Carol Burnett and Michael Douglas. The film is directed by Andrew J. Kuehn.
 Antique (Hangul: 서양골동양과자점 앤티크; RR: Seoyangkoldong Yangkwajajeom Entikeu) is a 2008 South Korean comedy film starring Ju Ji-hoon Kim Jae-wook Yoo Ah-in and Choi Ji-ho. It is based on Fumi Yoshinaga's manga Antique Bakery. It was released on 13 November 2008.It was invited to the 59th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Las Canciones unidas (The United Songs) is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Vaitheeswaran is a 2008 Tamil language film. It starred Sarath Kumar and Meghna Naidu in the lead roles. The film failed to make an impact at the box office.
 The Casino is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Jungle Drums of Africa (1953) is a 12-episode American serial film shot in black-and-white which was an original commissioned screenplay by Ronald Davidson produced by Franklin Adreon and directed by Fred C. Brannon for Republic Pictures.
 Oka Laila Kosam (English: For a Laila) is an upcoming Telugu Romance film written and directed by Vijay Kumar Konda. Produced by Nagarjuna on his home banner Annapurna Studios the film features Naga Chaitanya and Pooja Hegde in the lead roles. Anoop Rubens composed music for this film while I. Andrew and Praveen Pudi handled the Cinematography and Editing departments respectively.
 Hometown (ふるさと Furusato) is a 1983 Japanese drama film directed by Seijirō Kōyama. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where Yoshi Katō won the award for Best Actor.
 5 cm is a 2012 Indonesian drama film which was released on December 12 2012. The film was directed by Rizal Mantovani and starring Herjunot Ali and Fedi Nuril. This film is based from a novel with the same title.
 Hermano (English: Brother) is a 2010 Venezuelan drama film produced by Enrique Aular scripted by Rohan Jones and Marcel Rasquin directed by Marcel Rasquin. Its premiere was on June 19 2010 at the 2010 Moscow International Film Festival: its theatrical release was in Caracas on July 2 2010.
 Icche is a 2011 Bengali film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy. This is the debut film of the director duo. The film is based on Suchitra Bhattacharya's novel and revolves around the relationship between an obsessive mother and her son. The film was presented by Rituparna Sengupta.
 Sky Bandits (a.k.a. Gunbus) is a 1986 British adventure film about two outlaws from the Wild West drafted to the battlefields of WWI who enlist in the fledgling Royal Air Force flying early warplanes called gunbuses.The film was directed by Zoran Perisic and made extensive use of the Zoptics technique he had developed for the flying sequences on Superman. The production holds the record for the largest film crew on a fiction film (582).
 Een Vreemde Liefde is a 1990 Dutch film made for television directed by Edwin de Vries.
 For the episode of The Outer Limits see If These Walls Could Talk (The Outer Limits).If These Walls Could Talk is a 1996 made-for-cable film broadcast on HBO. It follows the plights of three different women and their experiences with abortion. Each of the three stories takes place in the same house 22 years apart: 1952 1974 and 1996. All three segments were co-written by Nancy Savoca. Savoca directed the first and second segment while Cher directed the third.
 Kokkuri (KOKKURI こっくりさん Kokkuri: Kokkuri-san) is a 1997 Japanese movie directed by Takahisa Zeze about three girls Mio Hiroko and Masami.
 Days of Nietzsche in Turin (Dias de Nietzsche em Turim) is a 2001 biographical-drama Brazilian film directed by Júlio Bressane about the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.
 Mujeres y toros (Women and Bulls) is a 1939 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Sacred Evil is an Indian supernatural/surreal film directed by Abhigyan Jha and Abhiyan Rajhans. It was released in 2006. Sacred Evil is about duality exploring the premise that reality always has two sides. Where there is light there is shadow.
 Eve's Daughter (1918) is a silent film comedy-drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by James Kirkwood and starred popular theatre star Billie Burke. The film is based on a 1917 Broadway play Eve's Daughter by Alicia Ramsey which starred Grace George.The film is now considered a lost film.
 Nirali Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 All the Kings Horses is a 1935 American comedy musical film directed by Frank Tuttle starring Carl Brisson and Mary Ellis. The film tells the story of a film actor who changes places with a Ruritanian prince. The screenplay is based on a play by Lawrence Clark Max Giersberg Frederik Herendeen and Edward Horan.The film was nominated by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for Best Dance Direction.
 Bullets Over Summer is a 1999 Hong Kong action film directed by Wilson Yip and starring Francis Ng and Louis Koo. Ng and Law Lan was awards the Best Actor and Best Actress respectively at the 6th Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards while Law was also awarded Best Actress at the 19th Hong Kong Film Awards and Best Supporting Actress at the 5th Golden Bauhinia Awards.
 The Saint and Her Fool (German:Die Heilige und ihr Narr) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Dieterle Lien Deyers and Gina Manès. It was based on a novel by Agnes Gunther and premiered at the Capital am Zoo in Berlin. Art direction was by Andrej Andrejew.
 The Spirit of Culver is a 1939 drama starring Jackie Cooper and Freddie Bartholomew. Directed by Joseph Santley and written by Whitney Bolton and Nathanael West the film is a remake of 1932's Tom Brown of Culver.
 In Her Shoes is a 2005 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Jennifer Weiner. It is directed by Curtis Hanson with an adapted screenplay by Susannah Grant and stars Cameron Diaz Toni Collette and Shirley MacLaine. The film focuses on the relationship between two sisters and their grandmother.
 Cruel Map of Women's Bodies (女体残虐図 Nyotai Zangyakuzu) aka Female Bodies in a Brutal Scenario is a 1967 Japanese pink film directed by Masanao Sakao. It is significant for being future S&M Queen Naomi Tani's first starring role in a film dealing primarily with S&M.
 Live at the Boston Garden: April 5 1968 is a concert film starring James Brown. Recorded at the Boston Garden by WGBH-TV the night after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. it was broadcast live in an effort to quell potential riots in the city. The recording circulated as a bootleg before it was officially released on DVD by Shout! Factory in 2008 as part of the box set I Got the Feelin': James Brown in the '60s.
 Spy Corps is a spy film for Christian families that was written and directed by J David Baker. It stars Sarah Beth Hill as a fearful high school teenager and Adam Hale as a secret member of the Reserve Spy Training Corps a training program for high school students who want to pursue a career as a spy.The film was first released on DVD on August 1 2006 under the title RSTC: Reserve Spy Training Corps. Its target audience is families with children in the 3rd through 6th grade.
 Paperback Dreams (2008) is a documentary film about the fate of bookstores in the new economy that was part of the KQED (San Francisco's PBS station) documentary film series Truly CA. It is the story of two landmark independent bookstores and their struggle to survive.
 Rumbo is a 1949 Spanish drama film directed by Ramón Torrado. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Matterhorn is a 2013 Dutch comedy film directed by Diederik Ebbinge. It competed in the main competition section of the 35th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Three Girls About Town is a 1941 Columbia comedy film directed by Leigh Jason. The story is written by Richard Carroll and stars Joan Blondell Binnie Barnes and Janet Blair (in her film debut).
 Streets of Blood is a 2009 action-drama film starring Val Kilmer 50 Cent Michael Biehn and Sharon Stone. It is directed by Charles Winkler with a screenplay written by Eugene Hess based on a story by Hess and Dennis Fanning. The film was produced by Nu Image/Millennium Films.
 Impressionen unter Wasser (Underwater Impressions aka Impressions of the deep) is a documentary film released in 2002. It was directed by Leni Riefenstahl.After the premiere of her film Tiefland in 1954 for decades it was generally thought this would be Riefenstahl's last film. However a few days before her 100th birthday saw the release of Impressionen unter Wasser (45 minutes with an introduction by Riefenstahl) premiered in Berlin 48 years after Tiefland.
 The Thought Exchange is a 2012 New Thought Documentary Film based on a book by the same title it was the directorial debut of Usher Morgan who also produced the film. The film stars David Friedman and Lucie Arnaz among others who appeared on the film and testified to the concepts taught by Friedman throughout the film this was the first film ever released by Digital Magic Entertainment.
 Golden Swallow also known as The Girl with the Thunderbolt Kick is a 1968 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio starring Cheng Pei-pei Jimmy Wang Lo Lieh and Chao Hsin-yen. Cheng Pei-pei reprises her role from Come Drink with Me. The film has been released on DVD from Dragon Dynasty.
 A Farewell to the Woman Called My Sister (別れの茶摘歌　姉妹篇　お姉さんと呼んだ人 Wakare no chatsumi-uta shimai-hen: Oneesan to yonda hito) is a 1957 black and white Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.Production designer was Iwao Akune lighting technician was Yoshio Tanaka and sound technician was Sanya Yamamoto.
 Love Conquers All (Also Spanish: El amor lo conquista todo [2]) is an award-winning 2006 movie by Malaysian director Tan Chui Mui. [3]
 The Angel of Mercy (Arabic: ملاك الرحمة‎ Malak al-Rahma About this sound listen ) is a 1946 Egyptian drama film directed and written by Youssef Wahbi. It stars Wahbi Faten Hamama Raqiya Ibrahim Farid Shawqi and Nejma Ibrahim.
 The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is a 2008 epic fantasy film based on Prince Caspian the second published fourth chronological novel in C. S. Lewis's epic fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia. It is the second in The Chronicles of Narnia film series from Walden Media following The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005).
 Duet for Four is a 1982 film directed by Tim Burstall.
 Red Cloud: Deliverance is a 2013 film about a Native American gun for hire Jake Red Cloud played by Alex Kruz who is befriended by a young emotionally damaged girl Ann (Breanna Lakatos). The film champions the importance of children and their emotional life which the main character uses Native American spirituality to heal.
 Changes is a 1969 American drama film directed and produced by Hall Bartlett.
 Whirlwind (Russian: Smerch) is a 1988 Soviet action film directed by Bako Sadykov. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Stunt Rock is a 1980 movie by director Brian Trenchard-Smith starring Grant Page.
 Secret Moments is a film by Swiss filmmaker Steff Gruber. It was filmed in the early 1990s in the Netherlands and edited in 2006.
 The Rich Man's Wife is a 1996 American thriller film written and directed by Amy Holden Jones and starring Halle Berry. The title character becomes a suspect when her husband is murdered and the investigating detectives are suspicious of her alibi.
 The Other Side of Midnight is a 1977 American drama film directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Marie-France Pisier John Beck and Susan Sarandon. Herman Raucher wrote the screenplay based on Sidney Sheldon's 1973 novel of the same name.
 Huckleberry Finn (1931) is an American comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Jackie Coogan as Tom Sawyer and Junior Durkin as Huckleberry Finn. The picture was based upon the novel The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain.
 Crazy/Beautiful (stylized as crazy/beautiful) is a 2001 romantic drama film starring Kirsten Dunst and Jay Hernandez. It is largely set at Palisades Charter High School and the surrounding area including Downtown Los Angeles Pacific Palisades Malibu (where Dunst's character lives) and East Los Angeles (where Hernandez's character lives).
 The Vampire Who Admires Me (Cantonese Yale: Yau chat guen see um leun nei) is a 2008 Hong Kong mystery film directed by Cub Chin starring Samuel Pang and Roger Kwok and actresses JJ Jia Maggie Li Natalie Meng model Ankie Beilke Winnie Leung and model Tanya Ng.
 Lal Darja (English language: The Red Door) is a 1997 Bengali allegorical drama film about a Kolkata dentist Dr. Nabin Dutta who fears becoming a cripple. Directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta he film won the Golden Lotus Award for Best Film at the Indian National Film Awards.
 Play It as It Lays is a 1972 American drama film directed by Frank Perry. The screenplay by married couple Joan Didion and John Gregory Dunne is based on Didion's novel of the same name. The film stars Tuesday Weld and Anthony Perkins who had previously paired together for the 1968 film Pretty Poison.
 Runway (Bengali: রানওয়ে) is a 2010 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud.
 One Touch of Nature is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Beverly Lane is 2010 comedy horror written and directed by Joshua Hull. It stars Jim O'Rear Noah East Raymond Kester Donald A. Becker James Copeland and Mark A. Nash. East plays an office worker who must defend himself against zombies unhelpful co-workers and annoying party entertainers.
 Picnic on the Grass (French: Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe) is a 1959 film directed by Jean Renoir. It shares a title with the painting by Édouard Manet.
 The Punisher is an action film from 1989 starring Dolph Lundgren as Frank Castle directed by Mark Goldblatt from a screenplay by Boaz Yakin. It is loosely based on the Marvel Comics' character the Punisher. The film changes many details of the comic book origin and the main character does not wear the trademark skull.
 The Cartier Affair is a 1984 NBC TV movie that starred Knight Rider's David Hasselhoff and Dynasty's Joan Collins which also featured Kojak's Telly Savalas.
 Donna On Demand is a 2009 dark comedy film written directed co-produced by and starring Corbin Bernsen. The film was released on DVD on September 15 2009. It takes place in Los Angeles California.
 Sattam Oru Iruttarai (English: The Law is a Dark Room) is a 2012 Tamil film directed by Sneha Britto which is a remake of the 1981 film of the same name by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Thaman Kumar and Bindu Madhavi while Reemma Sen and Piaa Bajpai amongst others play supporting roles.
 About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Payne starring Jack Nicholson in the title role. It is very loosely based on the 1996 novel of the same title by Louis Begley. The film follows Schmidt as he retires from his pedestrian job followed by the death of his wife for whom he has lost affection. He goes on a road trip in order to attend the wedding of his only daughter to a man and into a family he does not particularly like.
 Le Juge Fayard dit Le Shériff is a 1977 French crime film written and directed by Yves Boisset. The film was inspired by the death of François Renaud.
 Venkalam is a 1993 Malayalam movie directed by Bharathan and written by A. K. Lohithadas. The movie features Murali Manoj K. Jayan and Urvashi in the lead roles.
 My Friends Told Me About You is a short film written produced and scored by lead actor Carlos Dengler who is the former bassist of the band Interpol. It is co-written and directed by Daniel Ryan and co-produced by Todd Eckert of award-winning Joy Division biopic Control. The cast also includes Risa Sarachan as Belle and Fredric Stone as Stanley. The film was shot on digital video tape in and around the Chicago area during 2007 and 2008.
 Il sogno del maratoneta (English: The Dream of the Marathon Runner) is an Italian TV movie produced by RAI television. It is directed by Leone Pompucci and stars Luigi Lo Cascio and Laura Chiatti. It was aired on television as a two-parter. It is an adaptation of the homonym book by Giuseppe Pederiali.It has been presented at the 26th Festival international de programmes audiovisuels (FIPA) in Biarritz (France) on 25 and 26 January 2013 in the selections Fiction and Compétition.
 Primeval is a 2007 horror film which was released on January 12 2007. The film was inspired by the true story of Gustave a 1 ton 20 foot (6 meter) giant man-eating crocodile in Burundi.
 Computer Ghosts is a 1987 Australian film. It was shot under the titles Crooksnatchers and Hold the Circus.
 Spawn is a 1997 American superhero action film loosely based on the comic book of the same name by Todd McFarlane and published by Image Comics. Directed and co-written by Mark A.Z. Dippé (a former Industrial Light & Magic animator) the film stars Michael Jai White in the leading role. Spawn is an origin story of the character and begins with Al Simmons a soldier/assassin who is killed and resurrected as Spawn a reluctant demonic leader of Hell's army.
 Quiet Days in August (Greek: Ήσυχες μέρες του Αυγούστου translit. Isyhes meres tou Avgoustou) is a 1991 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Racket Girls (also called Blonde Pickup and Pin Down Girls) is an American crime film directed by Robert C. Dertano and released in 1951 by Screen Classics.
 Eternity is a South African horror film which tells the story of a clash between vampires over the use of a serum that would allow them to walk in the daylight. The film was directed by Christopher-Lee Dos Santos written by Anton Ernst and Wolfgang Muller and stars Hlomla Dandala Ian Roberts David James and Andre Frauenstein.
 Dancing Darkies is an 1896 American short black-and-white silent documentary film shot by William K.L. Dickson.
 Kabhi Dhoop Kabhi Chhaon is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Chandrakant. The film stars Dara Singh and Ameeta .
 I Figli non si vendono is a 1952 Italian drama film by Mario Bonnard.
 Ondagona Baa (Kannada: ಒಂದಾಗೋಣ ಬಾ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed by K. R. Udhayashankar and produced by Rockline Venkatesh. The film stars V. Ravichandran and Shilpa Shetty in the lead roles. Yester-year veteran actors J. V. Somayajulu and K. R. Vijaya too feature in prominent roles. The film is a remake of Telugu blockbuster film Kalisundam Raa (2000) starring Venkatesh and Simran in the lead roles.
 Eccezzziunale... veramente is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 I'm Still Here is a 2010 mockumentary film directed by Casey Affleck and written by Affleck and Joaquin Phoenix. The film purports to follow the life of Phoenix from the announcement of his retirement from acting through his transition into a career as a hip hop artist. Filming officially began on January 16 2009 at a Las Vegas nightclub.
 Rolando Rivas taxista is a 1974 Argentine film a TV novela and film creation by Alberto Migré.
 Funny Games is a 2007 psychological thriller film written and directed by Michael Haneke a remake of Haneke's 1997 Austrian film Funny Games. Naomi Watts Tim Roth Michael Pitt and Brady Corbet star in the main roles. The film is a shot-for-shot remake of the 1997 film albeit in English and set in the United States with different actors. Exterior scenes were filmed on Long Island. The film is an international co-production of the United States United Kingdom France Germany and Italy.
 Let Me Dream Again is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith featuring a man dreaming about an attractive young woman and then waking up next to his wife.
 A Sacred Duty subtitled Applying Jewish values to help heal the world is a 2007 60-minute documentary from Jewish Vegetarians of North America (JVNA) written and produced by Lionel Friedberg. The film focuses on Jewish teachings about caring for the earth treatment of animals and the environment with a focus on vegetarianism. Interviews with rabbis activists and scholars are interspersed with footage and stills illustrating the points being discussed.
 Electronic Labyrinth: THX-1138 4EB is a 1967 science fiction short film written and directed by George Lucas while he attended the University of Southern California's film school. The short was reworked as the 1971 theatrical feature THX-1138.In 2010 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Once Upon a Time in Bolivia (Original Spanish title: Erase Una Vez en Bolivia) is a 2012 independent Bolivian road movie that was written produced and directed by Patrick L Cordova.
 The Phantom Rider (1936) is a Universal movie serial.
 Tree Dzhamal (Russian: Дерево Джамал translit. Derevo Dzhamal) is a 1981 Soviet drama film directed by Khodzha Kuli Narliyev. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where Maya-Gozel Aimedova won the award for Best Actress.
 Kaadu Kudure (Kannada: ಕಾಡು ಕುದುರೆ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada drama film directed written and composed by Chandrashekhara Kambara and produced by Wheel Productions. The story based on Kambara's own play Kaadu Kudure. The film's cast comprised mainly from theater background including Maanu Sundarashri Maithili and Malathi Rao to name a few.Acclaimed singer Shimoga Subbanna's singing of the title song fetched him National Film Award for the year 1979.
 C.I.D. is a 1956 Indian Hindi film. Produced by Guru Dutt it was directed by Raj Khosla. It stars Dev Anand Shakila Johnny Walker K. N. Singh and Waheeda Rehman. The movie was a crime thriller and has Dev playing a police inspector investigating a case. The music is by O. P. Nayyar and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri and Jan Nisar Akhtar. It was Waheeda Rehman's screen debut and future directors Pramod Chakravorty and Bhappi Sonie worked as assistant director.
 God’s Doorkeeper: St. André of Montreal is a 2010 television documentary film about St. André Bessette. It was produced by Salt and Light Catholic Media Foundation (Salt + Light) a Canadian-based media initiative and registered charity that arose from World Youth Day 2002. The documentary was later released on DVD.Directed by a team of filmmakers at Salt + Light the documentary features interviews and footage filmed in Quebec New Hampshire Indiana Oregon and Rome.
 Danielson: A Family Movie is a 2006 documentary film about the Christian indie pop band Danielson. It was directed filmed produced and edited by JL Aronson.
 Johnny Tremain is a 1957 film made by Walt Disney Productions based on the 1944 Newbery Medal-winning children's novel of the same name by Esther Forbes retelling the story of the years in Boston Massachusetts prior to the outbreak of the American Revolution. The movie was directed by Robert Stevenson. It was made for television then ultimately released to theatres and finally wound up on television a year after that on the Walt Disney anthology television series.
 Grand Prix is a 1934 British sports drama film written and directed by St. John Legh Clowes and starring John Stuart Gillian Sande Milton Rosmer and Peter Gawthorne.
 Onnara Vattu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.
 Surykanthi (English: Sunflower) is a Tamil language film released in 1973. It starred Muthuraman Jayalalitha Savithri and Manorama in the lead roles.
 Balmaa is a 1993 Bollywood film directed by Lawrence D'Souza. The film was Avinash Wadhavan Ayesha Jhulka Saeed Jaffrey and Anjana Mumtaz.
 Frozen (Chinese: 极度寒冷; pinyin: Jídù hánlĕng) is a 1997 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai. The film was originally shot in 1994 but was banned by Chinese authorities and had to be smuggled out of the country. Moreover Wang was operating under a blacklisting from the Chinese Film Bureau that was imposed after his previous film The Days was screened internationally without government approval.
 The Locket is a 1946 suspense film directed by John Brahm starring Laraine Day Brian Aherne Robert Mitchum and Gene Raymond and released by RKO Pictures. The film is based on a screenplay by Sheridan Gibney adapted from What Nancy Wanted by Norma Barzman wife of later-blacklisted writer Ben Barzman.
 Beloved Rogues is a 1917 American silent comedy-drama film directed and written by Alfred Santell with the storyline by Aaron Hoffman. Starring C. William Kolb.
 Caótica Ana is a 2007 drama film by Spanish director Julio Médem. It premiered in Spain on September 2007.
 Mail and Female is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer. It was the 160th Our Gang short (161st episode 71st talking short and 72nd talking episode) that was released.
 The Singing Marine is a 1937 American film starring Dick Powell the last of his trio of service-related Warners films: 1934's Flirtation Walk paid tribute of sorts to the Army and 1935's Shipmates Forever to the Navy. This one is distinguished by its two musical sequences directed by Busby Berkeley.
 The Man in the Glass Booth is a 1975 American drama film directed by Arthur Hiller. The screenplay was adapted from Robert Shaw's 1967 novel and 1968 stage play both of the same name. The novel was the second in a trilogy of novels preceded by The Flag (1965) and followed by A Card from Morocco (1969). The plot may have been inspired by the kidnap and trial of the German Nazi SS-Obersturmbannführer (lieutenant colonel) Adolf Eichmann who was one of the major organizers of the Holocaust.
 Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber (retitled The Social Climber for the U.K. market) is a romantic comedy television film made for the Oxygen Network released March 12 2005 based on the novel of the same name by Adele Lang. It stars Jennifer Love Hewitt as 28-year-old Katya an advertising executive more concerned with being a well-known socialite than being a good person.
 Yona Yona Penguin (よなよなペンギン) is an animated film by the Japanese anime studio Madhouse and sister company Dynamo Pictures. It was Madhouse's first fully 3D CGI film. Famed Madhouse staff director Rintaro known for Galaxy Express 999 and Metropolis helmed the project while French production company Denis Friedman Productions collaborated and helped fund the film.
 3 Dots is a 2013 Malayalam musical drama film directed by Sugeeth. Kunchacko Boban in the lead roleand Biju Menon Prathap K. Pothan and Narain plays supporting roles. Janani Iyer play the female lead. 3 Dots is being produced by B. Satish and Sugeeth under the banner of Ordinary Films.
 Deena redirects here. For people with the forename Deena see All pages beginning with DeenaDheena (Tamil: தீனா) is a 2001 Indian Tamil action film starring Suresh GopiAjith Kumar and Laila in lead roles. It marks the directorial debut of A. R. Murugadoss. Ajith plays the title role of Dheena while Suresh Gopi enacts the role of Ajith's older brother.
 Doga is an upcoming Bollywood action-superhero film based on Raj Comics character of the same name. It will be co-produced by Phantom Films and Raj Comics and will be directed by Anurag Kashyap. Currently it is in pre-production and development is scheduled to begin in 2015.
 Here Comes the Bride is a 2010 Filipino comedy film starring Angelica Panganiban Eugene Domingo Tuesday Vargas Jaime Fabregas Tom Rodriguez and John Lapus. It was released by Star Cinema.The film had international screenings in select cities in the United States such as in San Francisco CA Milpitas CA Vallejo CA Los Angeles CA Bergenfield NJ and Guam
 Majunu is a 2001 romantic action film directed by Ravichandran and produced by Sunanda Murali Manohar. The film features Prashanth and Rinke Khanna in the lead roles with Sonu Sood Raghuvaran Rati Agnihotri and Vivek appearing in other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Harris Jayaraj whilst Priyan handled the cinematography. The film was distributed by London based Tamil language telechannel – Cee I TV.
 Majhdhaar is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Esmayeel Shroff.The cast of the movie includes Salman Khan Manisha Koirala and Rahul Roy.
 Histoire de Pen (also released internationally as Inside and in the United Kingdom as Banged up) is a Québécois film directed by Michel Jetté and released in 2002 about a young man's time in a penitentiary. It is based on Léo Lévesque's collection of prison stories Contes en coup de poing. The film was classified 13+ in Québec and 18+ in the United Kingdom and features Emmanuel Auger Karyne Lemieux and David Boutin.
 Ekjon Jhumur (Bengali: একজন ঝুমুর Jhumurthe girl) (2002) is a Bengali short film made for Calcutta Doordarshan and shown in prime time television channels in July 2002. Directed by Gautam Sen ( গৌতম সেন ) the movie featured Locket Chatterjee Badsha Maitra Biswajit Ray Biswanath Basu Kallol Dasgupta. This movie is Gautam Sen’s directorial début.A DVD version of the film later shown in different film festivals.
 Palm Springs Weekend is a 1963 Warner Bros. bedroom comedy film directed by Norman Taurog. It has elements of the beach party genre (AIP's Beach Party became a smash hit in July while Warner Bros. was still putting this film together) and has been called “a sort of Westernized version of Where the Boys Are by Billboard Magazine. It stars Troy Donahue Stefanie Powers Robert Conrad Ty Hardin and Connie Stevens.
 Don't Go in the House is a 1980 horror film written and directed by Joseph Ellison and co-written by Ellen Hammill and Joe Masefield. It gained notoriety as a video nasty and remains banned in some countries.
 A Blind Bargain was a 1922 American silent horror film starring Lon Chaney and Raymond McKee released through Goldwyn Pictures. The film was directed by Wallace Worsley and is based on Barry Pain's 1897 novel The Octave of Claudius. The film which features Wallace Beery in an unbilled cameo as an ape-man is now considered lost.
 Flash Point (simplified Chinese: 导火线; traditional Chinese: 導火綫) is a 2007 Hong Kong action film directed by Wilson Yip and produced by Donnie Yen who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Louis Koo Collin Chou Xing Yu Lui Leung-wai and Fan Bingbing. Yen was also the action choreographer and a producer for the film.
 Dalagang Bukid created in 1919 was the first Filipino movie. It was created by Jose Nepumuceno the so-called Father of Philippine Movies.
 Five Marines (오인의 해병 - Oinui haebyeong) is a 1961 South Korean film. It was popular genre-film director Kim Ki-duk's directorial debut.
 Road Agent is a 1952 Western film.
 Randy and the Mob is a 2007 comedy film written directed and starring Ray McKinnon. It also stars Lisa Blount Walton Goggins and Bill Nunn with a cameo by Burt Reynolds.Randy and the Mob was filmed in August 2005 in several locations in and around Atlanta Georgia mostly in Villa Rica Georgia. The film won the Audience Choice Award at the Nashville Film Festival.
 Cass Timberlane is a novel written by Sinclair Lewis published in 1945. It is Lewis' nineteenth novel and one of his last.It was made into a romantic drama film starring Spencer Tracy and Lana Turner directed by George Sidney and released in 1947.Timberlane is a minor character in Lewis's 1947 novel Kingsblood Royal.
 Chirodini Tumi Je Amar 2 is 2014 Bengali crime drama film is remake of Tamil film Vazhakku Enn 18/9 the film stars Arjun Chakrabarty and Urmila Mahanta who repsied her role from Tamil version
 Prisoners is a 1981 American-New Zealand drama film directed by Peter Werner and starring Tatum O'Neal Colin Friels and David Hemmings.Although its budget was roughly $4.2 million it was never released. Although myth has arisen that Tatum's father Ryan O'Neal purchased the rights to the film to prevent its release this is in fact untrue.
 Barbie in A Mermaid Tale 2 is a sequel to the 2010 Barbie film Barbie in A Mermaid Tale. It was released in theatres February 2012 and on DVD February 27 2012 in UK and March 6 2012 in US. The film also marks the return of Kelly Sheridan as the voice of Barbie since Barbie in A Mermaid Tale.
 Adiós Amigo is an American comedy-Western starring Fred Williamson and Richard Pryor. The film was also written produced and directed by Williamson.
 Dizzy Pilots is the 74th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Asahiyama Zoo Story: Penguins in the Sky (旭山動物園物語 ペンギンが空をとぶ) is a 2009 Japanese film.
 The Call of the Wild is a 1908 American short adventure film directed by D.W. Griffith. It starred Charles Inslee Harry Solter and Florence Lawrence. The film was made by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
 The Return of Vasili Bortnikov (Russian: Возвращение Василия Бортникова Vozvrashshyeniye Vasiliya Bortnikova) is a 1953 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin based on the novel The Harvest by Galina Nikolayeva.
 Trailed by Three is a 1920 American western film serial directed by Perry N. Vekroff. The film is considered to be lost.
 South of the Clouds is a 2004 Chinese film and the second film directed by the writer Zhu Wen. The film stands in stark contrast to Zhu's previous film. In terms of production South of the Clouds received the cooperation of the state apparatus unlike 2001's Seafood which was an underground production shot on digital hand-held cameras.
 Chichi Koishi (父恋し) is a black-and-white Japanese film released in 1951. The film was directed by Shunkai Mizuho and stars Hibari Misora.
 Naale is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2008.
 The Mirror Never Lies (also known by the Indonesian name Laut Bercermin meaning The Ocean Reflects) is a 2011 Indonesian film directed by Kamila Andini and co-produced by Andini's father Garin Nugroho and former Miss Indonesia Nadine Chandrawinata. Starring Gita Novalista Atiqah Hasiholan and Reza Rahadian it follows a young Bajau girl named Pakis who has lost her father at sea and uses mirrors to unsuccessfully search for him.
 The Steel Bayonet is a 1957 British war film directed by Michael Carreras and starring Leo Genn Kieron Moore and Michael Medwin. Michael Caine also had a small role in the film early in his career. It is set during the Second World War in the Tunisian desert when a small British observation force are surrounded in a farm by overwhelming forces of the Afrika Korps. Filming took place on Salisbury Plain which doubled for North Africa.
 The Mad is a 2007 comedy/horror film starring Billy Zane and Maggie Castle Directed and written by John Kalangis.
 Hamare Tumhare is a 1979 Hindi movie produced by F. C. Mehra and directed by Umesh Mehra. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Raakhee Amjad Khan Prem Krishen David Mehmood Asrani Anil Kapoor Lucky Ali and Amrish Puri. The films music is by R. D. Burman.
 Yoake no Machi de (夜明けの街で) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Setsurō Wakamatsu and based on a novel of the same name by Keigo Higashino.
 Whom God Forgives (Spanish: Amanecer en Puerta Oscura) is a 1957 Spanish action film directed by José María Forqué. At the 7th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Prize of the Jury award.
 Teesra Kaun is a Hindi thriller released in 1994 directed by Partho Ghosh and featuring Mithun Chakraborty Chunky Pandey Amol Palekar Satish Shah Rakesh Bedi. This film is the remake of 1990 Malayalam film No.20 Madras Mail directed by Joshy starring Mohanlal and Mammootty in lead roles.
 Foetus (Hungarian: A magzat) is a 1994 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Some Bride is a 1919 silent film comedy directed by Henry Otto and produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It stars Viola Dana.
 Molester's Train: Sensitive Fingers (痴漢電車　びんかん指先案内人 Chikan densha: binkan yubi saki annai nin) aka Hiroko and Hiroshi (ヒロ子とヒロシ Hiroko to Hiroshi) is a 2007 Japanese Pink film directed by Yoshikazu Katō. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Director Katō and screenwriter Hideo Jōjō were also given awards for the film as was Miki Arakawa for Best New Actress. The Kansai region Pinky Ribbon Awards also gave the film its top award the Gold Prize.
 Sweet Crude is a documentary film by Sandy Cioffi about Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta. The film premiered in April 2009 at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival and has since screened at 30 film festivals around the world and has won numerous awards.On April 12 2008 members of the Sweet Crude filmmaking crew were detained by the Nigerian military Joint Task Force while traveling by boat in the Niger Delta.
 Satyam Shivam is a 1981 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao Akkineni Nageswara Rao Sridevi Kapoor and Rati Agnihotri. It is a remake of the Hindi hit film Suhaag.
 Crackers is a 1984 American film directed by Louis Malle. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.Written by Jeffrey Fiskin the film is about a group of small-time out-of-luck thieves led by the unemployed Weslake (Donald Sutherland) who attempt to rob the neighborhood pawn shop owned by the greedy Garvey (Jack Warden). It's a remake of the Italian film Big Deal on Madonna Street (1958) directed by Mario Monicelli.
 Friends & Lovers is a 1999 American romantic-drama film directed and co-written by George Haas about a group of twentysomethings on a ski trip. It stars Stephen Baldwin Claudia Schiffer and Robert Downey Jr..
 Sea Wife (1957) is a DeLuxe CinemaScope British film based on the 1955 James Maurice Scott novel Sea-Wyf. Shot in Jamaica the film follows a group of survivors from a torpedoed British refugee ship.
 Voices of Sarafina! is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Nigel Noble about the anti-apartheid musical stage play Sarafina! It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hannah and Her Brothers (Slovak: Hana a jej bratia) written and directed by Vladimír Adásek is the first feature-length film from Slovakia to deal with homosexuality. The film premiered in December 2000 at the International Film Festival Bratislava and had its theatrical release in January 2001.
 A Maid to Order is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 A Promise (Japanese: 人間の約束 translit. Ningen no yakusoku) is a 1986 Japanese drama film directed by Yoshishige Yoshida. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Schizo (1976) is a slasher film directed by Pete Walker and starring Lynne Frederick.
 Mesa of Lost Women is a 1953 American low-budget black-and-white science fiction film directed by Ron Ormond and Herbert Tevos from a screenplay by the latter and Orville H. Hampton.
 The Way of a Girl is a 1925 silent era drama motion picture starring Eleanor Boardman Matt Moore and William Russell.Directed by Robert G. Vignola the screenplay was written by Albert S. Le Vino based on a story by Katharine Newlin Burt.The female lead Eleanor Boardman stars in one of the 11 movies she did for MGM in the first two years of the life of the studio.
 Cadetes de San Martín is a 1937 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and written by José A. Saldías.It stars Enrique Muiño and Elías Alippi.
 Fatty's Flirtation is a 1913 American short comedy film featuring Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 Scandal in Sorrento or Pane amore e... (1955) is an Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. This is the third film of the trilogy formed by Bread Love and Dreams in 1953 Bread Love and Jealousy in 1954. This film is the first and only one in the series directed by Dino Risi and starring Sophia Loren rather than Gina Lollobrigida.
 Lukket avdeling is a 1972 Norwegian drama film directed by Arnljot Berg. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Gorp is a 1980 American comedy film starring Michael Lembeck and Dennis Quaid and featuring early acting work of Rosanna Arquette and Fran Drescher in supporting roles. Directed by Joseph Ruben with both story and screenplay by Jeffrey Konvitz and A. Martin Zweiback the film follows in the tradition of the 1978 fraternity comedy National Lampoon's Animal House and the 1979 summer camp comedy film Meatballs.
 Dueña y señora (Owner and Lady) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Lego Movie (stylized as The LEGO Movie) is a 2014 American-Australian computer animated adventure comedy film directed and co-written by Phil Lord and Chris Miller distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures and starring the voices of Chris Pratt Will Ferrell Elizabeth Banks Will Arnett Nick Offerman Alison Brie Charlie Day Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman.
 Bayside Shakedown 2 (踊る大捜査線 THE MOVIE 2 レインボーブリッジを封鎖せよ! Odoru Daisōsasen Za Mūbī Tsū Reinbōburizzi o Fūsaseyo!) is the second movie based on the popular Bayside Shakedown TV series known for its unique and humorous depiction of the Japanese police force while avoiding the conventions that define most police dramas. The movie was released in the summer of 2003.
 The Golden Arrow (1936) is an American comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Bette Davis and George Brent. The screenplay by Charles Kenyon is based on a story of the same title by Michael Arlen published in the September 14 1935 issue of Liberty.
 Ramadasu is a 1964 Telugu devotional biographical film. The ensemble cast film was directed by veteran Chittor V. Nagaiah who has also enacted the role Kancharla Gopanna. The blockbuster film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu and has garnered several state awards.
 The Space Movie is a documentary film produced in 1979 by Tony Palmer at the request of NASA to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing.The 78 minute film was released theatrically in 1980 on VHS in 1983 and on DVD in 2007. Richard Branson and Simon Draper's Virgin Films produced the film.
 Yellow is a 1998 film directed by Chris Chan Lee. The film is about the harrowing graduation night of eight Korean-American high school youths in Los Angeles that culminates in a violent crime that will forever change their lives.Yellow was invited to over a dozen film festivals including the Los Angeles Film Festival the Singapore International Film Festival and the Slamdance Film Festival. The film received a U.S. release by Phaedra Cinema and is sold worldwide through Cinema Arts.
 Chempada (English: Red Army) is a 2008 Malayalam language thriller film written and directed by Robin Thirumala in his directorial debut. The film is based on the novel Avar Nagarathilund by M. D. Ajayaghosh which was serialised in Manorama Weekly.
 Auditions is a 1978 film directed by Harry Hurwitz.
 Uniform is the 2003 feature film debut of director Diao Yi'nan who had previously worked as an established screenwriter for directors such as Zhang Yang and Shi Runjiu. The film produced by Hu Tong Communications was distributed via DVD in the United Starts by First Run Features as part of the Global Film Initiative. Uniform follows a young man Wang Xiaojian who down on his luck comes upon a seemingly abandoned policeman's uniform.
 Twenty Bucks is a 1993 film that follows the travels of a $20 bill from its delivery via armored car in an unnamed American city through various transactions and incidents from person to person.The star of the movie is a $20 bill series 1988A serial number L33425849D. Linda Hunt Brendan Fraser Gladys Knight Elisabeth Shue Steve Buscemi Christopher Lloyd William H. Macy David Schwimmer Shohreh Aghdashloo and Spalding Gray all appeared in the film.
 Black Joy is a British film released in 1977 directed by Anthony Simmons. The story of an immigrant country boy in Brixton London. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.The film is a lightly ironic British culture-clash comedy. Trevor Thomas heads the cast as a Guyanese youth who is under the delusion that life will be easier for him in London. No sooner does Thomas set foot in England than he gets tangled up in one disaster after another.
 Infected is a Canadian television Adventure Science-Fiction thriller film which was directed by Adam Weissman.
 Djinns (also known by the title: Stranded) is a French film written and directed by Hugues Martin and Sandra Martin. It stars Saïd Taghmaoui Cyril Raffaelli and Aurélien Wiik.
 The Patriot is a 2000 American historical war film directed by Roland Emmerich written by Robert Rodat and starring Mel Gibson Chris Cooper and Heath Ledger. It was produced by the Mutual Film Company and Centropolis Entertainment and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film mainly takes place in rural York County South Carolina and depicts the story of an American swept into the American Revolutionary War when his family is threatened.
 Moe and the Big Exit is the 31st episode in the VeggieTales series and is only available on DVD. Its lesson is on following directions. It is the first VeggieTales episode of 2007.Written by Mike Nawrocki and directed by Brian K. Roberts it is based on the Biblical story of Moses from the Book of Exodus. Adapted as a parody of The Lone Ranger it is also a sequel to The Ballad of Little Joe occurring years after Little Joe's death.
 Rumpelstiltskin is a 1995 horror film directed by Mark Jones. It stars Max Grodénchik as the title character.
 The Killers (Russian: Убийцы translit. Ubiytsy) is a 1956 student film by the Soviet and Russian film director Andrei Tarkovsky and his fellow students Marika Beiku and Aleksandr Gordon. The film is based on the short story The Killers by Ernest Hemingway written in 1927. It was Tarkovsky's first film produced when he was a student at the State Institute of Cinematography (VGIK).
 Great While It Lasted is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 I.T.A.L.Y. is a romantic comedy starring Jolina Magdangal Dennis Trillo and Rufa Mae Quinto produced and distributed by GMA Films. The film was filmed in three different continents: Asia Europe and Africa. Filming went on in Europe and had a September 17 2008 release instead of the original opening date of August 6 2008. According to the data gathered by the American website I.T.A.L.Y.
 The Big Shave is a 1967 six-minute short film directed by Martin Scorsese. It is also known as Viet '67.Peter Bernuth stars as the recipient of the title shave repeatedly shaving away hair then skin in an increasingly bloody and graphic bathroom scene. Many film critics have interpreted the young man's process of self-mutilation as a metaphor for the self-destructive involvement of the United States in the Vietnam War prompted by the film's alternative title.
 Adivishnu is a movie released 21 August 2008 by Soubhagya Media Limited with Music of M M Srilekha being Produced by K Ramakrishna Prasad and Directed by Bharath Parepally.
 Bloodline is a 2008 documentary film by Bruce Burgess a filmmaker with an interest in paranormal claims focused on the Jesus bloodline hypothesis and other elements of the book The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail.The 2008 documentary was originally released in cinemas on 9 May.
 The Karate Kid Part II is a 1986 American martial arts film. A sequel to 1984's The Karate Kid Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita reprise their respective roles as young karate student Daniel LaRusso and his mentor Keisuke Miyagi. Like the original film the sequel was a success earning even more at the box office than its predecessor although it received mixed reviews from critics.
 Un tango dalla Russia is a 1965 Italian spy film directed by Cesare Canevari. It is a spoof of James Bond's From Russia With Love.
 Carmen is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Pola Negri Harry Liedtke and Leopold von Ledebur. It was based on the novella Carmen by Prosper Mérimée. The film was released with English intertitles in the United States in 1921 under the alternative title Gypsy Blood.
 Jumping for Joy is a 1956 British comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Frankie Howerd Stanley Holloway Joan Hickson and Lionel Jeffries. A man buys a greyhound and enters it in a major race but discovers the dog has one paw in the grave. As our hero nurses the pooch back to health he also gets mixed up with criminals who want to fix the race by doping dogs.
 The King of Kings (Czech: Král Králů) is a 1963 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Greed is a 1924 American silent film written and directed by Erich von Stroheim and based on the 1899 Frank Norris novel McTeague. It stars Gibson Gowland as Dr. John McTeague ZaSu Pitts as his wife Trina Sieppe and Jean Hersholt as McTeague's friend and eventual enemy Marcus Schouler. The film tells the story of McTeague a San Francisco dentist who marries his best friend Schouler's girlfriend Trina. Shortly after their engagement Trina wins a lottery prize of $5000.
 Pedro Calungsod: Batang Martir also known as Journey of a Young Saint is a 2013 Philippine biographical film depicting the life and martyrdom of Saint Pedro Calungsod. Written and directed by Francis O. Villacorta and produced by HPI Synergy Group and Wings Entertainment is an official entry to the 2013 Metro Manila Film Festival and is scheduled for release on December 25 2013.
 Little Fugitive (1953) is an American film written and directed by Raymond Abrashkin (as Ray Ashley) Morris Engel and Ruth Orkin that tells the story of a child alone in Coney Island.The film stars Richie Andrusco in the title role and Richard Brewster as his brother Lennie.Little Fugitive influenced the French New Wave and is considered by modern day critics to be a landmark film because of its naturalistic style and groundbreaking use of nonprofessional actors in lead roles.
 Ramayana: The Epic is a 2010 computer-animated film from India's Maya Digital Media. Directed by Chetan Desai and produced by Ketan Mehta it was released by Warner Bros. India on 15 October 2010.
 Yoole is a Senegalese 2010 documentary film.
 The Last Days is a documentary directed by James Moll and produced by June Beallor and Kenneth Lipper in 1998. Steven Spielberg was one of the executive producers in his role as founder of the Shoah Foundation. The film tells the stories of five Hungarian Jews during the Shoah.
 Max Headroom: 20 Minutes into the Future is a 1985 cyberpunk television movie created by Chrysalis Visual Programming Ltd. for Channel 4 in the UK to provide a back story for Max Headroom a computer generated TV host. A British produced yet American broadcast television series Max Headroom was later developed from the original film.
 Two Soldiers is a 2003 American short drama film directed by Aaron Schneider with a score by Alan Silvestri. It won an Academy Award in 2004 for Best Short Subject. It is based on a 1942 short story by William Faulkner.
 Protocol is a 1984 comedy film that starred Goldie Hawn and Chris Sarandon. The screenplay was by Buck Henry and it was directed by Herbert Ross.Hawn plays a Washington D.C. cocktail waitress who prevents the assassination of a visiting Arab emir and winds up a national heroine.
 Nasihat is a 1986 Hindi film directed and produced by Aravind Sen. Rajesh Khanna Shabana Azmi play the lead roles and supported by Mithun Chakraborty and Deepti Naval.
 Route Irish is a 2010 drama-thriller film directed by Ken Loach and written by Paul Laverty. It is set in Liverpool and focuses on the consequences suffered by private security contractors after fighting in the Iraq War. The title comes from the Baghdad Airport Road known as Route Irish. The film was a British-French co-production.
 Moon Over Her Shoulder is a 1941 motion picture comedy directed by Alfred L. Werker.
 Simply Irresistible is a 1999 American romantic comedy film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar and Sean Patrick Flanery. It was directed by Mark Tarlov and was written by Judith Roberts.
 Voyage sans espoir (English: Voyage Without Hope) is a French drama film from 1943 directed by Christian-Jaque written by Christian-Jaque starring Simone Renant and Jean Marais.
 Mangus! is a 2011 comedy film written produced and directed by Ash Christian. The film stars Ryan Nelson Boggus Jennifer Coolidge Heather Matarazzo (who also acts as producer) Leslie Jordan and John Waters.
 For My Crushed Right Eye (つぶれかかった右眼のために Tsuburekakatta migime no tame ni) (aka For the Damaged Right Eye) is a short film by Toshio Matsumoto made in 1968 the year before his feature film Funeral Parade of Roses. It features some of the same milieu presented through three projectors running at simultaneously. Since projectors do not all run at the same speed the images can go out of sync and each projection of the film can be different.
 Beverly Hills Cop is a 1984 American action comedy film directed by Martin Brest and starring Eddie Murphy as Axel Foley a street-smart Detroit cop who heads to Beverly Hills California to solve the murder of his best friend.
 The Night on the Emerald Moon (Czech: Noc smaragdového měsíce) is a 1985 Czech drama film directed by Václav Matějka. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bertoldo Bertoldino e Cacasenno (internationally released as Bertoldo Bertoldino and Cascacenno) is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It was filmed in Rome Cappadocia Marano Lagunare and Exilles.
 The Most Dangerous Game is a 1932 Pre-Code adaptation of the 1924 short story of the same name by Richard Connell the first film version of that story. The plot concerns a big game hunter on an island who hunts humans for sport. The film stars Joel McCrea Leslie Banks and King Kong leads Fay Wray and Robert Armstrong and was made by a team including Ernest B. Schoedsack and Merian C. Cooper the co-directors of King Kong (1933).
 Aadmi Sadak Ka is a 1977 Bollywood film. Produced and directed by Devendra Goel it stars Shatrughan Sinha Vikram Zaheera Deven Verma Asit Sen and Agha. The film's music is by Ravi.
 Atom Age Vampire (Italian: Seddok l'erede di Satana UK title: Seddok) is a 1960 black-and-white Italian horror/science fiction film directed by Anton Giulio Majano and starring Alberto Lupo.
 Chintamani is a 1933 Telugu film directed by Kallakuri Sadasiva Rao.
 Kiri no Hi (霧の火) is a Japanese television drama which originally aired on Nippon Television (NTV) on August 25 2008. Directed by Nozomu Amamiya and with a screenplay by Yō Takeyama it starred Etsuko Ichihara and Karina. The production won a TV Drama Award at the 2008 Festival of the Arts of the Japanese Agency for Cultural Affairs (文化庁芸術祭).
 Out of Inferno (Chinese: 逃出生天; pinyin: Táo Chū​shēng Tiān) is a Hong Kong/Chinese disaster film directed by the Pang Brothers released on October 3 2013. Starring Sean Lau Louis Koo and Angelica Lee the movie is about a fire that engulfs a high-rise building in southern China and the subsequent rescue mission by the city's fire department.
 Professor Popper's Problem was a film made in 1974 turned into a 6 part serial by Mersey Film Productions for the Children's Film Foundation.
 The Daddy of Them All is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Il diavolo sulle colline is a 1985 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio Cottafavi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Drácula is a 1931 American Spanish-language horror film directed by George Melford. It is an adaptation of the 1897 novel of the same name by Bram Stoker and was filmed at night on the same sets that were being used during the day for the 1931 English-language film of the same name. In the early days of sound it was common for Hollywood studios to produce foreign-language versions of their films (usually in French Spanish Italian and German) using the same sets and costumes.
 T-Bird at Ako is a 1982 Filipino film that stars 2 of the Philippines' best actresses the Superstar Nora Aunor and the Star for all Season Vilma Santos.
 The Chinese Feast (Chinese: 金玉滿堂) is a 1995 Hong Kong film co-written produced and directed by Tsui Hark and starring Leslie Cheung Anita Yuen Kenny Bee and Law Kar-ying.
 King of the Travellers is an Irish revenge drama written and directed by Mark O'Connor.
 Legion is a 2010 American apocalyptic supernatural action film directed by Scott Stewart written by Peter Schink and Scott Stewart. The cast includes Paul Bettany Lucas Black Tyrese Gibson Adrianne Palicki Kate Walsh and Dennis Quaid. Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions Group acquired most of this film's worldwide distribution rights and the group opened this film in North America theatrically on January 22 2010 through Screen Gems.
 Body Language is an upcoming Dutch romance-dance film. Filming started in January 2011 and completed in July 2011. Set in New York the movie follows 5 different dancers from different dance crews who came on their own to New York for a dance competition while their subsidy has bin withdrawn and these 5 die-hard dancers come on their own to fulfill their dreams while juggling with no money and each other's different personalities.
 Shark Bait (The Reef in the UK Australia and North America Pi's Story in South Korea) is a 2006 South Korean-American computer animated film. The plot revolves around Pi and his attempt to win the heart of Cordelia while dealing with a tiger shark who is terrorizing him and the reef's inhabitants. The film was a commercial failure.
 Mandabi (English: The Money Order) is a 1968 film directed by Ousmane Sembène. The film is based on Sembène's novel The Money-Order. It the director's first film in his native Wolof language.
 King of Hearts (original French title: Le Roi de Cœur) is a 1966 French comedy-drama film directed by Philippe de Broca and starring Alan Bates. The film is set in a small town in France near the end of World War I. As the Imperial German Army retreats they booby trap the whole town to explode.
 Aurora Borealis is a 2005 romantic drama film directed by James C.E. Burke and starring Joshua Jackson Donald Sutherland Juliette Lewis and Louise Fletcher. The film was produced between November 3-December 19 2003.
 Charlotte is a 1981 Dutch film directed by Frans Weisz.
 Gun Shy is a 2000 film written and directed by Eric Blakeney and starring Liam Neeson Oliver Platt and Sandra Bullock.
 Raja Hindustani (translation: Indian King) is a 1996 Hindi drama romance film directed by Dharmesh Darshan. It tells the tale of a cab driver hailing from a small town who falls in love with a rich girl. Aamir Khan and Karisma Kapoor play the lead roles. The film was one of the most commercially successful films of the 1990s.The film's music became popular and was successful especially in central and eastern states of India. The controversial kissing scene added to its publicity.
 Pokkisham (Tamil: பொக்கிஷம் Pokkiṣam ? English: Treasure) is a 2009 Tamil film directed by Cheran. The feature failed at the box office compared to Cheran's previous work Autograph. Movie dubbed by Meena and Prasanna.This movie's concept is partially inspired by the 1995 Hollywood romantic film The Bridges of Madison County directed by Clint Eastwood.
 Never Say Never Again is a 1983 spy film based on the James Bond novel Thunderball which was previously adapted in 1965 under that name. Unlike the majority of Bond films Never Say Never Again was not produced by Eon Productions but by an independent production company one of whose members was Kevin McClory one of the original writers of the Thunderball storyline with Ian Fleming and Jack Whittingham.
 For the 1956 Italian comedy directed by Luciano Emmer see The Bigamist (1956 film).The Bigamist is a 1953 movie written by Collier Young from a story by Larry Marcus and Lou Schor and directed by Ida Lupino. Young was married to Joan Fontaine at the time and had previously been married to Ida Lupino.The actual homes of Jack Benny and Jimmy Stewart on Roxbury Drive in Beverly Hills as well as the home of Edmund Gwenn are shown during the tour of the movie star homes.
 Gypsy Melody is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Lupe Velez Alfred Rode and Jerry Verno. It was made at Elstree Studios. The sets were designed by art director John Mead.The film was a remake of the 1935 French film Juanita.
 Les Cinq Dernieres Minutes is a crime based French television series created by Claude Loursais broadcast from 1 January 1958 till 20 December 1996. The show was aired in four series on several channels.The first series was broadcast in 56 episodes between 1 January 1958 and 7 November 1973 on RTF.
 Sami Potta Mudichu is a 1991 Tamil film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film stars Murali in the lead role Sindhu.
 The Tale of the Bunny Picnic is a 1986 TV special directed by Jim Henson and David G. Hillier. In the United States it was shown annually on HBO in the spring usually during Easter time. It was later released on VHS in 1993. The film focuses on the Muppet character Bean Bunny (Steve Whitmire) who makes his first appearance in this special and would later appear on additional projects featuring Jim Henson's Muppets.
 Alle dagen feest is a 1976 Dutch film directed by Ate de Jong and Otto Jongerius.
 Ogo Bodhu Shundori (Bengali: ওগো বধূ সুন্দরী) is a 1981 Bengali comedy film. It was one of the last films of the iconic Bengali actor Uttam Kumar who died during production. A lookalike was brought in to stand in for Kumar during the final sections of the film and younger brother Torun Kumar's voice was dubbed in.The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri. The movie is a Bengali reworking of the story of Pygmalion heavily drawing upon the hit British musical My Fair Lady.
 Geliebte weiße Maus is a 1964 East German musical film.
 The Lamp Still Burns is a 1943 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Rosamund John Stewart Granger and Godfrey Tearle. A woman architect changes careers to become a nurse. It was based on the novel One Pair of Feet by Monica Dickens.
 In the Presence of a Clown (Swedish: Larmar och gör sig till) is a television film by Ingmar Bergman and was recorded for Swedish television in 1997 with Bergman as a director. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. It tells the story of a man named Carl who is a professor and a mental patient sentenced to a mental ward for attempted murder.
 Untitled R. Balki project is an upcoming Hindi film directed by R. Balki. The yet-to-be titled film stars Amitabh Bachchan Dhanush and Akshara Haasan in her debut in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack and background score will be composed by Ilaiyaraaja while cinematography will be handled by P. C. Sreeram.
 Música mujeres y amor (Music Women and Love) is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Disappearance of Finbar is a 1996 Irish-Swedish mystery drama film directed by Sue Clayton and starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers in an early role. The film also features the first appearance of Colin Farrell in an uncredited role.
 Housos vs. Authority is an Australian film based upon the stories and characters of the Housos television series created by Paul Fenech.The film was released to Australian cinemas on November 1 2012 following several pre-release screenings around the country. Directed produced and written by Fenech the film was made for a modest budget of $200000 and was distributed by Transmission Films. Upon release the film was a box office success grossing $1386692 throughout Australia.
 Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within is a 2001 American computer animated science fiction film directed by Hironobu Sakaguchi creator of the Final Fantasy series of role-playing video games. It was the first photorealistic computer animated feature film and also holds the record for the most expensive video game-inspired film ever made. It features the voices of Ming-Na Alec Baldwin Donald Sutherland James Woods Ving Rhames Peri Gilpin and Steve Buscemi.
 Chick is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Michael Hankinson and starring Sydney Howard Betty Ann Davies and Fred Conyngham. It is based on the 1923 novel of the same title by Edgar Wallace which had previously been made into a 1928 silent film. The film was made at Elstree Studios. The hall porter at an Oxbridge College inherits an Earldom and enjoys a series of adventures.
 Black Sunday is a 1977 American thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer based on Thomas Harris' novel of the same name. The film was produced by Robert Evans and starred Robert Shaw Bruce Dern and Marthe Keller.
 Ekla Akash (2012) is a Bengali film directed by Sandipan Roy. The lead actor of this film is Parambrata Chatterjee.
 Scooby-Doo! Spooky Games is a Direct-to-DVD special based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons for the London 2012 Olympics released on July 17 2012.
 Last Known Address (French: Dernier domicile connu) is a 1970 French-Italian film directed by José Giovanni.
 The Battle of Sutjeska is a 1973 partisan film directed by Stipe Delić and made in SFR Yugoslavia. It tells the story of the famous Battle of Sutjeska the greatest engagement of the Yugoslav Partisan War. It is one of the most expensive films made in Yugoslavia. It was selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 Director's Special is a 2013 Indian Kannada(Kannada: ಡೈರೆಕ್ಟರ್ ಸ್ಪೆಷಲ್) satire comedy film directed and written by Guruprasad who has directed successful comedy films such as Mata and Eddelu Manjunatha. It stars a newcomer Dhananjay along with Rangayana Raghu in the lead roles. Actress Pooja Gandhi makes a special appearance in an item song.
 Gamera 3: The Revenge of Iris (ガメラ3 邪神〈イリス〉覚醒 Gamera Surī Jyashin Irisu Kakusei) is a 1999 Japanese Kaiju film directed and co-written by Shusuke Kaneko. The film is a sequel to Gamera 2: Attack of Legion and the eleventh feature film in the Gamera series and the third film in the new 1990s trilogy of Gamera films.
 Nuvva Naaku Nachav (English: I Like You) is a Tollywood film which released on September 6 2001. This film stars Venkatesh and Arti Agarwal in the lead roles. K. Vijaya Bhaskar directed this film. The film was remade in Tamil as Vaseegara starring Vijay and Sneha and also in Kannada as Gowramma starring Upendra and Ramya.
 Chandan Ka Palna is a 1967 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra and Meena Kumari. No joy in the world can equal the happiness a man derives from watching his own child at play. Not all the riches in the world can compensate for the vacuum the emptiness created by the want of a child in a home. With a woman this yearning is a hundred times stronger and the outcome of her torment impossible beyond measure. Radha belonged to a rich family.
 L'année des méduses (The Year of the Jellyfish) is a French drama film inspired by a novel by Christopher Frank directed by Frank himself with Valérie Kaprisky and Bernard Giraudeau. The film had a total of 1554641 admissions in France where it was the 23rd highest grossing film of the year.
 Josser on the River is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Ernie Lotinga Molly Lamont and Charles Hickman. Two seaside photographers become entangled with a blackmailer.
 Mambéty For Ever is a 2008 documentary film.
 Gold is a 1974 thriller film starring Roger Moore and Susannah York and directed by Peter R. Hunt. It was based on the 1970 novel Gold Mine by Wilbur Smith. Moore plays Rod Slater General Manager of a South African gold mine who is instructed by his boss Steyner (Bradford Dillman) to break through an underground dike into what he is told is a rich seam of gold. Meanwhile he falls in love with Steyner's wife Terry played by York.
 Balthus Through the Looking-Glass (French: Balthus de l'autre côté du miroir) is a 1996 French documentary film directed by Damian Pettigrew on the French painter Balthus. The film was honored in a cycle of film classics by Jean Renoir Marcel Carné and Jean Vigo at the Museum Ludwig (Cologne Germany) in September 2007.
 Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne (Bengali: গুপী গাইন বাঘা বাইন Gupi Gain Bagha Bain) is a 1969 Indian Bengali fantasy adventure comedy film directed by Satyajit Ray and based on a story by his grandfather Upendra Kishore Roychowdhury. It is sometimes released in the English-speaking world as The Adventures Of Goopy And Bagha.
 Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 American psychological drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn Jared Leto Jennifer Connelly and Marlon Wayans. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hubert Selby Jr. with whom Aronofsky wrote the screenplay. Burstyn was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance.
 Dark Heaven (Thai: สวรรค์มืด or Sawan mued) is a 1958 musical-comedy-romance-drama film directed by Rattana Pestonji and written by Suwat Woradilok.
 Jail Breakers (광복절 특사 - Gwangbokjeol teuksa ) is a 2002South Korean film starring Sol Kyung-gu Cha Seung-won and Song Yun-ah. It was a box office hit selling more than 3 million tickets in South Korea alone.
 We're in the Money is a romantic comedy film released by Warner Bros. Pictures in 1935. The movie stars Joan Blondell and Glenda Farrell one of the six movies in which they were paired informally as an comedy team. Here they play two tricky women who serve legal papers to a playboy a racketeer a wrestler and a singer.
 Indian News Parade was a cinematic newsreel produced by the Indian government between September 1943 and April 1946. Originally named Indian Movietone News it was produced in response to the Anglo-centric newsreels created by British and American companies. It suffered a poor critical reception and production ceased shortly after the end of World War II.
 Foolish Wives is a 1922 American drama silent film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and written and directed by Erich von Stroheim. Although uncredited Irving Thalberg aged 22 was in charge of production. Thalberg would later become one of the most famous studio heads of all time.
 The Full Monteverdi is a 2007 British film written and directed by John La Bouchardière and based on his live production of the same name itself based on Claudio Monteverdi's fourth book of madrigals (1603) which in turn is a collection of settings of poems by such Italian renaissance poets as Giovanni Battista Guarini Ottavio Rinuccini and Torquato Tasso. The film features the British vocal ensemble I Fagiolini and the original cast of actors from the live production.
 The Secret of Kells (working title: Brendan and the Secret of Kells) is a 2009 Irish-French-Belgian animated fantasyfilm by Cartoon Saloon that premiered on 8 February 2009 at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival. It went into wide release in Belgium and France on 11 February and in the Republic of Ireland on 3 March. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
 Yes But... (French: Oui mais...) is a 2001 French comedy film written and directed by Yves Lavandier dealing with brief therapy and teenage sexuality.
 Bhakti Mein Shakti is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dara Singh.
 Made Men is a 1999 movie produced by HBO starring James Belushi Michael Beach and Timothy Dalton. It combines elements of comedy with action and adventure.
 Lower Learning is a 2008 comedy film starring Jason Biggs Eva Longoria Rob Corddry Ryan Newman Monica Potter and Andy Pessoa. It was directed by Mark Lafferty and written by Lafferty and Shahin Chandrasoma. The music was composed by Ryan Shore.
 Beatles Stories: A Fab Four Fan's Ultimate Road Trip is a 2011 film.
 King's Ransom is a 2005 comedy film directed by Jeffrey W. Byrd and written by Wayne Conley who was a writer for Kenan & Kel.Malcolm King (Anderson) is a wealthy selfish obnoxious businessman who is about to divorce his wife Renee (Smith). She plans to ruin him financially during the court proceedings and King is willing to do anything to protect his fortune.He enlists his mistress Peaches (Hall) and her brother Herb (Murphy) to stage a mock kidnapping.
 Click Humse Badhkar Kaun for the Sunil Shetty - Saif Ali Khan starrer released in 1998 Hum Se Badkar Kaun is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Bahry starring Mithun Chakraborty Vijayendra Ghatge Ranjeeta Kaur Amjad Khan Danny Denzongpa Kajal Kiran Birbal and Mohan Choti.
 Golimaar (Telugu: గోలీమార్) is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Puri Jagannadh. Gopichand plays the lead role with Priyamani playing the lady lead. Roja Selvamani Nassar Kelly Dorjee Ali and M S Narayana are doing supporting roles in this film. Music of the film is by Chakri. Bellamkonda Suresh is producing the film on Sri Sai Ganesh Productions banner.This film is completed in just 85 days.
 Fearless Fagan is a 1952 film directed by Stanley Donen and stars Janet Leigh and Carleton Carpenter. It is about a clown who is drafted into the military and tries to sneak his pet lion into the service.
 Meu Pé de Laranja Lima (English: My Sweet Orange Tree) is a 1970 Brazilian drama film based on the book of the same name. Directed by Aurélio Teixeira is the first film adaptation of the novel by José Mauro de Vasconcelos.
 Uncovered: The War on Iraq is a 2004 documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald that deals with the government and media treatment of the developing push for an invasion of Iraq in the early 2000s and the eventual 2003 Invasion of Iraq. The film is an extended version of Greenwald's 2003 Uncovered: The Whole Truth About the Iraq War.
 Courage of Lassie is a 1946 Technicolor MGM feature film starring Elizabeth Taylor Frank Morgan and dog actor Pal in a story about a collie named Bill and his young companion Kathie Merrick. When Bill is separated from Kathie following a vehicular accident he is trained as a war dog performs heroically and after many tribulations is eventually reunited with his beloved Kathie.
 White Knight is a documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava. Its subject is Chewang Norphel a 78-year-old engineer in Leh who over the last 15 years has invented and implemented a technology that is helping provide a solution to an ecological disaster created by climate change.The land of Ladakh is grappling with an alarming water scarcity situation.
 The Life Line is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Jack Holt Wallace Beery and Lew Cody. The picture was based on the play The Romany Rye by the British playwright George R. Sims. The film is set amongst the criminal classes in the slums of London.
 Le ore dell'amore internationally released as The Hours of Love is a 1962 Italian comedy drama film directed by Luciano Salce.
 El Hombre del año is a 1970 Argentine film.
 The Job is an independent darkly comic drama written and directed by Shem Bitterman based on his 1998 play. The world premiere of The Job was at the San Diego Film Festival on September 26 2009.
 The Polar Express is a 2004 motion capture computer-animated musical Christmas fantasy film based on the children's book of the same title by Chris Van Allsburg. Written produced and directed by Robert Zemeckis the film featured human characters animated using live action performance capture technique with the exception of the dancing waiters who dispense hot chocolate on the train because their feats were impossible for live actors to achieve.
 Le Avventure di Mandrin (internationally released as Don Juan's Night of Love) is a 1952 Italian film directed by Mario Soldati.
 Street Angels is a 1991 Australian TV movie about two social workers dealing with young kids.
 Al son de la marimba (English: To the Sound of the Marimba) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Khoon Khoon is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Mahendra Sandhu Danny Denzongpa and Rekha. The film was a remake of the Clint Eastwood thriller Dirty Harry. Sandhu played a cop and Denzongpa a psychopathic killer.
 A Great Mistake is a 2010 genre-bending short film directed by Abner Pastoll produced by Junyoung Jang and written by Abner Pastoll & Gerlind Becker.
 The Little House (小さいおうち Chiisai Ouchi) is a 2014 Japanese drama film directed by Yoji Yamada and based on a novel by Kyoko Nakajima. It was release in Japan on 25 January 2014.
 SEAL Team 8: Behind Enemy Lines is a 2014 war film directed by Roel Reiné and starring Tom Sizemore. It is the fourth installment in the series as well as the sequel to Behind Enemy Lines Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil and Behind Enemy Lines: Colombia. The film will be released on direct-to-video and Blu-ray on April 1 2014.
 Schneewittchen und die sieben Zwerge is an East German film. It was released in 1962.The picture sold 7597495 tickets.
 Money Talks is a 1997 American actioncomedy film directed by Brett Ratner starring Chris Tucker and Charlie Sheen. This film is the first of four collaborations between Brett Ratner and Chris Tucker with the other three being the Rush Hour Trilogy.
 The Count of Monte-Cristo is a 1975 television film produced by ITC Entertainment and based upon the book The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas père. It was directed by David Greene and starred Richard Chamberlain as Edmond Dantes Kate Nelligan as Mercedes Tony Curtis as Fernand Mondego Louis Jourdan as De Villefort Donald Pleasence as Danglars Trevor Howard as Abbé Faria and Isabelle de Valvert as Haydee.
 Electric Dreams is a 1984 British-American science fiction romantic comedy-drama film set in San Francisco California that depicts a love triangle between a man a woman and a home computer. It stars Lenny Von Dohlen Virginia Madsen and the voice of Bud Cort and was directed by Steve Barron. It was the first film released by the Virgin Films production company. The film's credits dedicate it to the memory of UNIVAC I.
 Crime File is a 1999 Malayalam film by K. Madhu starring Suresh Gopi and Sangita. This film is based on the Sister Abhaya murder case.
 Mud is a 2012 American coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Jeff Nichols. The film stars Matthew McConaughey Tye Sheridan Sam Shepard and Reese Witherspoon. The film competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. It was shown at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2013. The film opened on April 26 2013 with a limited release in select theaters before having a wider release on May 10 2013.
 Sunrise is a 1926 Australian silent film co-directed by Raymond Longford who took over during filming. It was the second film from Australasian Films following their recommencement of production after Painted Daughters.It is considered a lost film.
 Darius Goes West: The Roll of his Life is a documentary by Logan Smalley about Darius Weems a teenager living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy who embarked during the Summer of 2005 on a 7000 mile road trip across the United States to promote awareness of the fatal disease Duchenne muscular dystrophy and to raise money for research into a cure.
 The Diary of a Chambermaid (1946) is a drama film about a newly hired servant who severely disrupts a wealthy family. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Octave Mirbeau and the play Le journal d'une femme de Chambre by André Heuse André de Lorde and Thielly Nores was directed by Jean Renoir and starred Paulette Goddard Burgess Meredith Hurd Hatfield and Francis Lederer.It was named the eighth best English-language films of 1946 by the National Board of Review
 Nur Kasih is a romance film that premiered on May 19 2011 in Malaysia.
 A Change of Seasons is a 1980 American dramedy film directed by Richard Lang. It stars Anthony Hopkins Shirley MacLaine and Bo Derek.
 Balada para un mochilero is a 1971 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Norberto Aroldi. The film was premièred in Argentina on August 5 1971.
 A Christmas Carol (a.k.a. A Christmas Carol: Scrooge's Ghostly Tale) is a 2006 computer-animated film adaptation of the Charles Dickens tale produced by BKN Home Entertainment.
 Motorcycle Diaries is an upcoming Malayalam film directed by Rajesh Pillai starring Kunchako Boban in the lead role. The film is based on the mental relationship between one motorcycle and his previous owner. The film is being produced by Sugeeth (director of Ordinary) and Satheesh under the banner of Ordinary Films. Bollywood scenarist Suresh Nair Tamil writer Jeyamohan and Rajesh Pillai wrote the script. Santosh Thundiyil and Aneesh Lal crank the camera for the film.
 Dream Kitchen is a 1999 Irish short film directed by Barry Dignam in which a young man fantasises about coming out to his parents.
 Sarppakavu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Mediterranean Holiday (German: Traumreise unter weissen Segeln) is a 1962 West German documentary film directed by Hermann Leitner and Rudolf Nussgruber. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bombay is a critically acclaimed and national award-winning 1995 Tamil film directed by Mani Ratnam starring Arvind Swamy and Manisha Koirala with music composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Exception To The Rule is a 1997 Canadian thriller film directed by David Winning and stars Kim Cattrall Eric McCormack Sean Young and William Devane.
 Namte Namte (English: Into the Abyss) is a 2013 Bengali film. The film was directed by Rana Basu and produced under the banner of 3 eDots Productions. The film's music was composed by Sidhu. The film was released on 8 February 2013. The film is based on the story Trata written by Dibyendu Palit.
 Ghost of Saga Mansion (怪談佐賀屋敷 Kaidan Saga yashiki) is a 1953 Japanese horror film directed by Ryohei Arai.
 The Eternal Return of Antonis Paraskevas (Greek: Η αιώνια επιστροφή του Αντώνη Παρασκευά translit. I aionia epistrofi tou Antoni Paraskeua) is a 2013 Greek drama film written and directed by Elina Psikou. It was screened in the City to City section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Sobor on the Blood (Unity on Blood) is a Ukrainian documentary film of 2006. Joint project of Ukrainian TV channel 1+1 and Studio Teleсon.In December 1991 Ukraine became an independent state. However the young state which has been held down with economical difficulties and political fights could not give sufficient attention to learning its own history.
 Cain XVIII (Russian: Каин XVIII) is a 1963 film from the Soviet Union adapted from Evgeny Shvarts' tale Two friends. The Soviet film industry reported that 21.7 million spectators saw the film.
 The Merry Frolics of Satan (French: Les Quat'Cents Farces du diable literally The Four Hundred Tricks of the Devil) is a 1906 French silent film directed by and starring Georges Méliès. The film an updated comedic adaptation of the Faust legend follows the adventures of an engineer who barters with the Devil for superhuman powers and is forced to face the consequences.
 Atlantic Ferry (alternate US title Sons of the Sea) is a 1941 British film starring Michael Redgrave and Valerie Hobson. It was made at Teddington Studios. In the 1830s two brothers set out to prove the worth of steamships by being the first to cross the Atlantic from Britain to the United States.
 The Legend of Bloody Mary is a 2008 American horror-thriller film written by John Stecenko and Dominick R. Domingo directed by Stecenko and starring Paul Preiss Nicole Aiken and Caitlin Wachs. The film is Rated R for some violence language and sexuality/nudity.
 One More River is a 1934 film directed by James Whale. It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and starred Colin Clive Diana Wynyard and stage actress Mrs. Patrick Campbell in one of her very few films. The film is based on a novel by John Galsworthy. This marked Jane Wyatt's film debut.
 Bringing Up Father is a 1946 American comedy film based on the comic strip Bringing Up Father by George McManus about the adventures of the social-climbing Maggie and her long-suffering husband Jiggs. Here one of Maggie's society friends enlists her help in getting an undesirable tenant evicted a tenant who turns out to be Jiggs himself. Meanwhile Jiggs rounds up his friends from the bar to defend his turf. McManus briefly appears here as himself.
 The Autobiography of a 'Jeep' is a 1943 propaganda film produced by the US Office of War Information. As its name might suggest it is the story of parts of World War II told from the perspective of a Jeep.The Jeep tells us he comes from a country with many roads and cars.
 The Frog Princes is a 2011 documentary film directed by Omar Majeed and Ryan Mullins. This film follows the story of a Montreal based theater troupe training for a play adaptation of the fairytale The Princess and the Frog. All twenty actors in the troupe have intellectual and developmental disabilities. The film is shot as a play within a play. The film centers on the lead actor in the play Ray-Man (named by his parents after artist Man Ray) a young adult with Down syndrome.
 Switchfootage are two documentary DVDs based about the behind-the-scenes life of the alternative rock band Switchfoot. They were funded and distributed entirely by the band Switchfoot with help from E.E. Kennedy for the first one and Andy Barron for the second.
 Guru Sishyan is a 1997 Malayalam movie directed by Sasi Shankar. The movie features Jagadish Kalabhavan Mani Jagathy Sreekumar and Kaveri in the lead roles. The movie was produced by Swathi Arunachalam Pillai under the banner of Ajantha Productions and was distributed by Ajantha Production Release. Kaloor Dennis wrote the screenplay and dialogues for the movie for which the story was by the director himself.
 A Million to Juan is a 1994 romantic comedy film starring comedian Paul Rodriguez. This was also his directorial debut. The story is a modern spin on Mark Twain's story The Million Pound Bank Note.
 Click is a 2010 Hindi horror film starring Shreyas Talpade. Critics such as Taran Adarsh noted the film's similarity to the 2004 Thai horror film Shutter.
 Lone Hand Wilson is a 1920 Western silent film. It stars Lester Cuneo in the title role. His romance with Madge Walker (Grace Gordon) is complicated when he is falsely accused of murdering her father (Phil Gastrock). Other actors include Annette DeFoe (playing Lolita Hansen) and Thomas Randall.
 Fun in Acapulco is a 1963 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley and Ursula Andress.
 Vidocq (North American DVD title: Dark Portals: The Chronicles of Vidocq) is a 2001 mystery film directed by Pitof starring Gérard Depardieu as historical figure Eugène François Vidocq pursuing a supernatural serial killer. It is notable as being the first major fantasy film to be released that was shot entirely with digital cinematography using a Sony HDW-F900 CineAlta camera.
 Wiedźmin (The Hexer or The Witcher in English) is a 2001 fantasy film by director Marek Brodzki starring Michał Żebrowski as main character Geralt of Rivia.
 Stardust Memories is a 1980 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Woody Allen Charlotte Rampling Jessica Harper Marie-Christine Barrault and (a then-unknown) Sharon Stone in her film debut. The film is about a filmmaker who recalls his life and his loves—the inspirations for his films—while attending a retrospective of his work. Allen considers this to be one of his best films along with The Purple Rose of Cairo and Match Point.
 Defendor is a 2009 Canadian superhero comedy-drama film written and directed by Peter Stebbings and starring Woody Harrelson Kat Dennings Elias Koteas and Sandra Oh. The story tells of a mentally ill man who adopts the persona of a real-life superhero named Defendor on a quest to find his arch enemy Captain Industry.
 End of the Spear is a 2005 docudrama film that recounts the story of Operation Auca in which five American Christian missionaries attempted to evangelize the Huaorani (Waodani) people of the jungle of Ecuador.
 Inseminoid (titled Horror Planet in the United States) is a British science-fiction horror film released in 1981. Director Norman J. Warren's eighth film the plot of Inseminoid concerns a group of future scientists excavating the ruins of an ancient civilisation on a distant planet.
 Mulroney: The Opera is a satirical Canadian film about former prime minister Brian Mulroney. The film budgeted at $3.8 million (CAD) is directed by Larry Weinstein who previously worked on nine operas with Dan Redican and Alexina Louie.
 The Sheriff's Baby is a 1913 silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Mr. Baseball is also the self-applied nickname of Bob Uecker who appears in the Major League movies.Mr. Baseball is a 1992 American comedy directed by Fred Schepisi starring Tom Selleck Ken Takakura and Dennis Haysbert.
 Flowers of Evil (French: Fleurs du mal) is a French feature-film directed by David Dusa and released on 8 February 2012.
 Maids and Muslin is a 1920 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Kazhugu (Tamil: கழுகு English: Eagle) is a Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Rajinikanth in the lead along with Rati Agnihotri and Sumalatha as the heroine. The film was a flop at the box office but later became a cult film among Rajini fans in the 1990s.
 When Angels Fall or Gdy spadają anioły is a short film written and directed by Roman Polański in 1959. The idea for the film was taken from a short story Klozet Babcia (aka Toilet Granny) written by Leszek Szymański and published in the weekly Kierunki in Warsaw Poland.
 Elvira Mistress of the Dark is a 1988 comedy horror film directed by James Signorelli. Cassandra Peterson plays the role of horror hostess Elvira in her feature film debut. The screenplay was written by Peterson John Paragon and Sam Egan.
 Atlas Shrugged: Part III is an upcoming film based on the novel Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand. It is a sequel to the 2012 film Atlas Shrugged: Part II continuing the story where its predecessor left off. It was announced on the film's Facebook page on February 2 2013 with principal photography to start in Autumn 2013 but the trade press reported that shooting began in January 2014.
 Aap Ki Khatir (for your sake) is a 1977 Bollywood film Harsh Kohli produced and Sudhendu Roy directed the film. The stars are Vinod Khanna Rekha Nadira Helen Tun Tun and Om Shivpuri. The film's music is by Bappi Lahiri. The last song in the film Bombay se Aaya Mera Dost became a memorable hit. Film is a remake of an American film titled For Pete's Sake (film) (1974) that stars Barbra Streisand.[1]
 Bright Road is a 1953 low-budget film adapted from the Christopher Award-winning short story See How They Run by Mary Elizabeth Vroman. Directed by Gerald Mayer and featuring a nearly all-black cast the film stars Dorothy Dandridge as an idealistic first-year elementary school teacher trying to reach out to a problem student. The movie is also notable as the first feature film appearance by Harry Belafonte who co-stars as the principal of the school.
 A Confucian Confusion (Chinese: 獨立時代; pinyin: Dúlì Shídài) is a 1994 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Edward Yang. It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hanna is a 2011 action thriller film that contains prominent fairy tale elements directed by Joe Wright. The film stars Saoirse Ronan as the title character a girl raised in the wilderness of northern Finland by her father an ex-CIA operative (Eric Bana) who trains her as an assassin. Cate Blanchett is a senior CIA agent who tries to track down and eliminate the girl and her father. The soundtrack was written by the Chemical Brothers.
 Port Sinister (1953) known as Beast of Paradise Isle in the UK is an adventure/science fiction film written by Jack Pollexfen and Aubrey Wisberg and directed by Harold Daniels.
 Brothers from the Walled City (城寨出來者) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Lam Ngai Kai and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio.
 Air Guitar in Oulu is a documentary film by Canadian filmmaker Kent Sobey. The film follows the quest of Andrew Air Raid Buckles as he attempts to raise enough funds to travel to Oulu Finland for the Air Guitar World Championships. His efforts include bake sales and street performance backed by a boom box of his air guitar techniques.
 A Modern Twain Story: The Prince and the Pauper also known as The Prince and the Pauper: The Movie or simply The Prince and the Pauper is a 2007 film directed by James Quattrochi and starring Dylan and Cole Sprouse based on the novel by Mark Twain.The film had a 'sneak peek' showing in Temecula California before being released globally on DVD.
 Macbeth is a 1948 American film adaptation by Orson Welles of William Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth.
 The Three Weird Sisters is a 1948 British melodrama with Gothic influences directed by Daniel Birt and starring Nancy Price Mary Clare Mary Merrall and Raymond Lovell. The screenplay was adapted by Dylan Thomas and Louise Birt from the novel The Case of the Weird Sisters by Charlotte Armstrong. The film was Birt's directorial debut while marking the last screen appearance of Nova Pilbeam who retired from the acting profession after it was completed.
 Alli Thandha Vaanam is an Indian Tamil film released in 2001 starring Prabhu Deva Murali Laila Poornitha Prakash Raj and Shabana Raza. This film was a successful film and 3songs has been shot in various locations in Malaysia.The song Vaadi Vaadi Naatu Kattai Was A Huge Hit.
 Patrulla norte is a 1951 Argentine film.
 How to Boil a Frog is an 2010 Canadian eco-comedy documentary film written and directed by Jon Cooksey to show the consequences of too many people using up Earth resources and suggesting five ways that people can save habitability on the Earth while improving their own lives at the same time.
 William Tell (German: Wilhelm Tell) is a 1934 German-Swiss historical film directed by Heinz Paul and starring Hans Marr Conrad Veidt and Emmy Göring. It is based on the 1804 play William Tell by Friedrich Schiller about the Swiss folk hero William Tell. It was made in Germany by Terra Film with a separate English-language version supervised by Manning Haynes also being released.
 Schaut auf diese Stadt is an East German film. It was released in 1962.
 Mother (Hangul: 마더; RR: Ma-deo) is a 2009 South Korean drama film directed by Bong Joon-ho starring Kim Hye-ja and Won Bin.
 They Made Me a Killer is a 1946 Film noir directed by William C. Thomas and written by Daniel Mainwaring Winston Miller and Kae Salkow based on story by Owen Franes. It stars Barbara Britton and Robert Lowery. The film was made by Pine-Thomas the B-movie unit of Paramount Pictures.
 The Sky Ranger is a 1921 American comedy film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The film is considered to be lost.
 Stranded is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Annychka (Ukrainian: Анничка) is a 1968 Ukrainian drama. The film which was produced at the Dovzhenko Film Studios takes place in 1943 and is about a Hutsul girl played by Lyubov Rumyantseva. In 1969 it received a Golden Tower award at the Phnom Penh Film Festival in Cambodia. The director received a special prize at the Kyiv Film Festival. In USSR alone in 1969 25.1 million people saw it.
 Xcuse Me is a 2003 Hindi comedy film. It is the sequel to N. Chandra's 2001 film Stylewhich is managed to do very well at the box office. Xcuse Me was released in September 26 2003 and a moderate success at the box office.
 Hit and Run is a 2012 American action comedy film written by Dax Shepard with David Palmer and Shepard co-directing again (their first film being Brother's Justice in 2010). The film stars Shepard and his wife Kristen Bell with Kristin Chenoweth Tom Arnold and Bradley Cooper. It was released on August 22 2012.
 Baaz: A Bird in Danger is 2003 Hindi thriller movie directed by Tinnu Verma and starring Suniel Shetty Karisma Kapoor Jackie Shroff.Other cast members include Aditi Gowitrikar Dino Morea Suhasini Mulay and Preeti Jhangiani.
 Pyar Ke Kabil is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by Anil Ganguly and produced by Suresh Grover. It stars Rishi Kapoor and Padmini Kolhapure in pivotal roles.
 The Zodiac is a 2005 American criminal psychological thriller film based on the true events associated with the Zodiac: a serial killer who was active in and around northern California in the 1960s and who has never been captured. The Zodiac was directed by Alexander Bulkley and written by him and his brother Kelley Bulkley.
 Rasta is a thriller Bengali film made in 2003. A revenge drama with Mithun in the lead role.
 Murder in Mississippi is a 1990 television movie which dramatized the last weeks of civil rights activists Michael Mickey Schwerner Andrew Goodman and James Chaney and the events leading up to their disappearance and subsequent murder in the summer of 1964. It starred Tom Hulce as Schwerner Jennifer Grey as his wife Rita Blair Underwood as Chaney and Josh Charles as Goodman.
 Bird People is an upcoming American drama film directed by Pascale Ferran. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Amish Grace is a television film that premiered on the Lifetime Movie Network on Palm Sunday March 28 2010.
 The Hottest State is a 2006 drama film directed and written by Ethan Hawke which he based on the novel of the same name that he had written and published ten years earlier in 1996. The film debuted at the Venice Film Festival on September 2 2006 and received a limited theatrical release in the United States on August 24 2007. It ran for 5 weeks and grossed $137341 internationally. The film was subsequently issued on DVD in December 2007.
 Privileged is a 1982 film notable for being the first theatrical release from the Oxford Film Foundation and the screen debut of Hugh Grant.
 31 minutos la película is an animated film based on the Chilean television show 31 minutos directed by Álvaro Díaz and Pedro Peirano. The movie premiere for the public had been scheduled since late 2006 but was delayed for several improvements in its post-production phase including conducting a contest to find the voices of some characters. The film premiered in Chile on March 27 2008 in Brazil it was released on August 3 2012.
 Sintel (code-named Durian) is a short computer animated film by the Blender Institute part of the Blender Foundation.
 The Pawnbroker is a 1964 drama film directed by Sidney Lumet starring Rod Steiger Geraldine Fitzgerald Brock Peters Jaime Sánchez and Morgan Freeman in his feature film debut. It was adapted by Morton S. Fine and David Friedkin from the novel of the same name by Edward Lewis Wallant.The film was the first American movie to deal with the Jewish holocaust from the viewpoint of a survivor.
 Bale Pandiya (Tamil: பலே பாண்டியா) is a 1962 Tamil comedy film directed by B.R. Panthulu. Starring Sivaji Ganesan Devika and M.R. Radha in the lead roles the music was scored by Viswanathan Ramamoorthy. It is the first film to feature Sivaji Ganesan in three distinct roles.
 Vaseegara is a 2003 Tamil film directed by K. Selva Bharathy which is a remake of the successful 2001 Telugu film Nuvvu Naaku Nachav. The film featured Vijay and Sneha in the leading roles while Vadivelu Nassar and Manivannan played other pivotal roles. The film released on 15 January 2003 with mixed reviews.The movie was remade into Bengali titled Majnu directed by Rajib Biswas starring Hiran Chatterjee Srabanti Chatterjee.
 Edison Studios was an American motion picture production company owned by the Edison Company of inventor Thomas Edison. The studio made close to 1200 films as the Edison Manufacturing Company (1894–1911) and Thomas A. Edison Inc. (1911–1918) until the studio's closing in 1918. Of that number 54 were feature length the remainder were shorts.Its first production facility Edison's Black Maria studios in West Orange New Jersey was built in the winter of 1892–93.
 Quatermass 2 (US title: Enemy From Space) is a 1957 British science fiction horror film. Made by Hammer Film Productions it is a sequel to an earlier Hammer film The Quatermass Xperiment. Like its predecessor it is based on a BBC Television serial – Quatermass II – written by Nigel Kneale. It was directed by Val Guest and stars Brian Donlevy reprising his role as the eponymous Professor Bernard Quatermass making him the only actor to play the character on screen twice.
 Tarzan & Jane is a Disney direct-to-video film released on July 23 2002 sequel to the 1999 animated feature Tarzan and uses three unaired episodes of the film's corresponding television series The Legend of Tarzan. Tarzan II a midquel to the original film was released in 2005. The film is set one year after the events of the first film.
 Les Siens (2001) is a 16 minutes short film written and directed by Noël Mitrani starring Philippe Nahon.
 Cannon Movie Tales is the collective name for a series of films created in the late 1980s by Cannon Group producers Menahem Golan and Yoram Globus associate producer Patricia Ruben and executive producer Itzik Kol. Filmed principally on location in Israel these stories are generally fairy tales based on material by either the Brothers Grimm or Charles Perrault among others. Major stars from both the U.S.
 May Events (Czech: Bylo to v máji) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Berdych and Martin Frič. It was released in 1951.
 Eight Days to Live is a 2006 television film produced by CTV about a mother who organizes a search and rescue for her son who drives off the road in the Northern Fraser Valley of British Columbia.
 That Awkward Moment (marketed as Are We Officially Dating? in Australia and New Zealand) is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Tom Gormican in his directorial debut. The film stars Zac Efron Miles Teller Michael B. Jordan Imogen Poots Mackenzie Davis and Jessica Lucas. The film had its Los Angeles premiere on January 27 2014 and it was widely released on January 31 in the United States.
 Atom Man vs. Superman (1950) Columbia's 43rd serial and the second live-action Superman screen appearance both featuring Kirk Alyn as Superman finds Lex Luthor (Lyle Talbot) secretly the Atom Man blackmailing the city of Metropolis by threatening to destroy the entire community. Perry White (Pierre Watkin) editor of the Daily Planet assigns Lois Lane (Noel Neill) Jimmy Olsen (Tommy Bond) and Clark Kent (Kirk Alyn) to cover the story.
 Beresina or the Last Days of Switzerland (German: Beresina oder Die letzten Tage der Schweiz) is a 1999 satiric comedy film by Swiss director Daniel Schmid. It chronicles the story of Irina a Russian call girl arriving in Switzerland whose innocent attempt to live the high life there triggers unintended coup d'etat in the country.
 Sea Fog (Hangul: 해무; RR: Haemu) is an upcoming South Korean film.The film is adapted from the 2007 stage play of the same name which in turn was based on the true story of 25 Korean-Chinese illegal immigrants who suffocated to death in the storage tank of the fishing vessel Taechangho; their bodies were dumped by the ship's crew into the sea southwest of Yeosu on October 7 2001.
 Our Betters is a 1933 American satirical comedy film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay by Jane Murfin and Harry Wagstaff Gribble is based on the 1923 play of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham.
 The Big Wedding is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Justin Zackham. It is an American remake of the original 2006 French film Mon Frère se Marie (fr) (My Brother is Getting Married) written by Jean-Stéphane Bron and Karine Sudan.The film stars a large ensemble cast including Robert De Niro Katherine Heigl Diane Keaton Amanda Seyfried Topher Grace Ben Barnes Susan Sarandon and Robin Williams. It was released on April 26 2013 by Lionsgate in the United States and Canada.
 The film Loopy was written and directed by Seth Michael Donsky and released in 2004. It is an adaptation of a short story by Ruth Rendell. Loopy screened at the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films the Cinequest Film Festival and the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival. Loopy currently airs in rotation on the Independent Film Channel. The tagline for the film is A sheep in wolf's clothing!
 Bachelor Mother (1939) is an American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin and starring Ginger Rogers (in a mostly non-dancing and non-singing role) David Niven and Charles Coburn. The screenplay was written by Norman Krasna based on an Academy Award nominated story by Felix Jackson (aka Felix Joachimson) written for the 1935 Austrian-Hungarian film Little Mother.
 Naked Seven (戦国ロック　疾風の女たち Sengoku rokku nayate no onnatachi) aka Sengoku Rock: Female Warriors and Warring States Rock: Gale-Force Women is a 1972 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Yasuharu Hasebe and starring Mari Tanaka.
 Soapdish is a 1991 comedy film which tells a backstage story of the cast and crew of a popular fictional television soap opera.
 Long Walk to Forever is 1987 drama short film shot in Clayton Georgia and is also Denis Leary's early appearance.
 Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining (Dutch: Achter de wolken schijnt de zon) is a 1925 Dutch silent documentary film directed by Willy Mullens.
 Mr. 3 Minutes (Chinese: 3分鐘先生) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Gordon Chan.
 The Truce (Italian: La Tregua) is a 1997 film directed by Francesco Rosi written by Tonino Guerra based on Primo Levi's memoir The Truce. The film deals with Primo Levi's experiences returning to Italy in 1945 after the Red Army liberated the concentration camp at Auschwitz during the Second World War.
 Oriyardori Asal (English: One better than the other) is a 2011 Indian Tulu language film directed by H. S. Rajashekar and produced by Roopa Vijayakumar Kodialbail starring Likith Shetty Ramya Barna Naveen D. Padil Aravind Bolar and Rekha Das in the lead roles. It is the most successful Tulu film till date. The film is based on the famous Tulu comedy drama with the same title written by Vijayakumar Kodialbail. He also wrote the story screenplay dialogue and lyrics for the film.
 Getúlio is a 2014 Brazilian biographical drama film written by George Moura and directed by João Jardim starring Tony Ramos as Brazilian president Getúlio Vargas based on the final moments of the crisis that led to the death of the then president during the 19 days before the August 24 1954.The film was released in Brazil on May 1 2014 coinciding with the Workers' Day official holiday – in reference to the labor policies implemented by Getúlio.
 Thuruppu Gulan is a Malayalam comedy film released in 2006 which had Mammootty and Sneha in the lead roles. Others in the cast include Innocent Jagathy Sreekumar Suraj Venjaramoodu Salim Kumar and Cochin Haneefa.
 Being at Home with Claude is a 1992 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin and based on the play by René-Daniel Dubois.The film stars Roy Dupuis as Yves a gay man who has just murdered his lover Claude (Jean-François Pichette) and is attempting to explain his reasons to the police investigator (Jacques Godin).At the 13th Genie Awards the film was nominated for Best Motion Picture and Godin was nominated for Best Actor.
 Aadhyathe Katha is a Malayalam-language film that was directed by KS Sethumadhaven and released in 1972 under the studio Chithranjali. The cinematography was produced by Masthan with Screenplay by Thoppil Bhasi and editing from TR Screenivasalu
 We Are the Freaks is a 2013 film. A surreal and anarchic anti-teen film about three misfits having the night of their lives. Starring Michael Smiley Jamie Blackley Sean Teale Rosamund Hanson and Adam Gillen. The film premiered at the 2013 Edinburgh International Film Festival in official competition.
 Inside Moves is a 1980 American drama film directed by Richard Donner. The film is based on the book of the same name by Todd Walton with a script by then writing duo Valerie Curtin and Barry Levinson.
 Letting in the Sunshine is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Albert Burdon Renee Gadd and Molly Lamont. It was based on a story by Anthony Asquith.
 The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a 1910 American silent fantasy film and the earliest surviving film version of L. Frank Baum's 1900 novel made by the Selig Polyscope Company without Baum's direct input. It was created to fulfill a contractual obligation associated with Baum's personal bankruptcy caused by The Fairylogue and Radio-Plays from which it was once thought to have been derived.
 Rasputin: Dark Servant of Destiny is a biographical 1996 TV film which chronicles the last four years (1912–16) of Grigori Rasputin's stint as a healer to Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich–the heir apparent to the Russian throne as well as the only son of Emperor Nicholas II of Russia and Empress Alexandra Feodorovna–who suffered from haemophilia. The film is narrated in the first person by Alexei.
 Return To The Border is a 2005 documentary film directed by Zhao Liang about his return to his hometown in China that borders the Yalu river and North Korea. The short film presents deep insight into both the Chinese and North Korean societies and changes that have taken place over the last several decades. First person interviews add depth to the local perceptions of life on both sides of the border.
 Tauba Tauba is a 2005 Bollywood movie starring Antara Mona Lisa Biswas Amin Gazi and Payal Rohatgi. The film was directed by T L V Prasad who has directed over 25 Mithun Chakraborty films for Mithun's Dream Factory. It was released on 2 May 2005.
 The Beat is a 2003 drama written and directed by Brandon Sonnier and was screened at the 2003 Sundance Film Festival. At 20 years of age Sonnier was the youngest director to have a feature film debut at the Sundance Film Festival. The previous record was held by Robert Rodriguez for El Mariachi.
 Psycho is an American horror-thriller media franchise consisting of four films loosely based on the Psycho novels by Robert Bloch namely Psycho Psycho II Psycho III and Psycho IV: The Beginning and additional merchandise spanning various media. The first film Psycho was directed by filmmaker Alfred Hitchcock. Subsequently several other videos related to the series have been made: a non-successful TV pilot a remake of the first film and an Alfred Hitchcock biopic.
 Leaving Las Vegas is a 1995 romantic drama film directed and written by Mike Figgis based on a semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by John O'Brien. Nicolas Cage stars as a suicidal alcoholic who has ended his personal and professional life to drink himself to death in Las Vegas. While there he forms a relationship with a hardened prostitute played by Elisabeth Shue which forms the center of the film. O'Brien committed suicide two weeks after production of the film started.
 The Mysterious Miss X is a 1939 film.
 Dark Circle is a 1982 American documentary film directed and produced by Judy Irving Christopher Beaver and Ruth Landy that focuses on the connections between the nuclear weapons and the nuclear power industries with a strong emphasis on the individual human and protracted U.S. environmental costs involved.
 Aaha (Telugu: ) is a 1998 Telugu film directed by Suresh Krishna and produced by Nagarjuna under Great India Entertainments .The film stars Jagapathi Babu and Sanghavi in the lead roles. It is a remake of Suresh Krishna's own Tamil film Aahaa.
 The Wonder of It All is a 2007 documentary directed by Jeffrey Roth and distributed by Indican Pictures. It is composed of first-person interviews with six of the Apollo astronauts who walked on the moon. The astronauts explain their backgrounds their moon missions and how walking on the moon changed their lives.
 The Way West is a 1967 American epic western film based on the novel by A. B. Guthrie Jr.. The film stars Kirk Douglas Robert Mitchum and Richard Widmark and features Sally Field in her first major film role. The film was directed by veteran television director Andrew V. McLaglen and featured on-location cinematography by William H. Clothier. Though reviews were mixed critics such as Roger Ebert praised the film for its realistic portrayal of settlers and their motivations.
 El mundo de los vampiros (The World of the Vampires) is a 1961 Mexican horror film directed by Alfonso Corona Blake. The film is about a vampire the Count Sergio Subotai who seeks revenge against the descent from an enemy family. The hero is a musician played by Mauricio Garcés who knows a piece of music that kills vampires.
 Kadha Samvidhanam Kunchakko is a 2009 Malayalam-language psychological thriller directed by Haridas Kesavan and produced by Manoj Ramsingh The film features Sreenivasan and Meena in the lead roles.
 Tales of the Night (French: Les Contes de la nuit) is a 2011 French computer silhouette animation feature film directed by Michel Ocelot. It is a compilation movie for movie theaters of five episodes of Dragons et princesses in stereoscopic 3D and one additional until then unseen story The Girl-Doe and the Architect's Son (La Fille-biche et le fils de l'architecte for a total of six.
 The Best of Benny Hill is a 1974 film spinoff from the television comedy series The Benny Hill Show. This movie features sketches from the early Thames Television years from 1969-1973.
 Running Brave is a 1983 movie based on the story of Billy Mills a North American Indian brought up on the reservation destined against all odds to become the best distance runner in the world in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics.In one of the great upsets in sports history distance runner Billy Mills sprinted from 3rd place and took the gold medal in the 10000 meter race at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics. Mills is still the only American in history to accomplish this feat.
 The Smile Wins is a 1928 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 72nd Our Gang short subject released.
 Fallo! is a 2003 Italian film co-written and directed by Tinto Brass. The film is known in English as Do It! (English translation of Fallo!) and Private. It consists of a series of 6 independent vignettes.
 Giants and Toys (巨人と玩具 Kyojin to gangu) is a 1958 Japanese comedy film directed by Yasuzo Masumura and starring Hiroshi Kawaguchi. It portrays the increasingly frenzied efforts of the World candy company to compete with the rival Giant and Apollo companies over caramel sales. World (under the leadership of the machivellian Mr Goda) discovers a tomboy girl with bad teeth to be the center of their promotional campaign involving colorful space suits and ray guns.
 Opera Jawa (Requiem from Java) is a 2006 Indonesian-Austrian musical film directed by Garin Nugroho that features traditional Javanese classical music and dance in a setting of opera that is inspired by the The Abduction of Sita episode from the Ramayana.The film was commissioned for Peter Sellars' New Crowned Hope festival in celebration of the 250th anniversary of the birth of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.In addition to music by Rahayu Supanggah the film features installation art production design by Nanang Rhamat.
 Where Hazel Met the Villain is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 The Bad One is a 1930 American black-and-white musical film directed by George Fitzmaurice starring Dolores del Río and featuring Boris Karloff and is a romantic prison drama film. The Bad One is also known as Femmina in Italy I gynaika tis tavernas in Greece and La mala in Mexico.
 Genesung is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 The Long Way Home is a 1997 documentary film directed by Mark Jonathan Harris. It depicts the plight of Jewish refugees after World War II that contributed to the creation of the State of Israel.The film's emphasis is on the pitiful conditions for Jewish refugees in Europe after the war as antisemitism was still rife and poverty was common.
 The Elephant King is a 2008 romantic drama film directed by Seth Grossman.
 Savages is a 1972 Merchant Ivory Film directed by James Ivory and screenplay by George W. S. Trow and Michael O'Donoghue based on an idea by Ivory.The film concept given to Trow and O'Donoghue was to tell a story that was the reverse of Luis Buñuel's 1962 film The Exterminating Angel in which guests at an elegant dinner party become bestial. Writing began in late 1968 and continued through 1969. Its first showing came at the Cannes Film Festival in May 1972.
 Friends is a 1912 film written and directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Mary Pickford Henry B. Walthall Lionel Barrymore and Harry Carey. Walthall and Barrymore portray two old friends who each wind up involved with a beautiful girl (Pickford) who lives above a mining camp saloonThe film by the Biograph Company was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.
 Irish Eyes Are Smiling is a 1944 musical film which chronicles the life of popular Irish song composer Ernest R. Ball. The screenplay by Earl Baldwin and John Tucker Battle is based on a story by E. A. Ellington. The film was directed by Gregory Ratoff and produced by Damon Runyon for 20th Century Fox. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1944.
 The Scent of Rain in the Balkans (Serbian: Мирис кише на Балкану / Miris kiše na Balkanu) is a Serbian television series adapted from the novel of the same name by Gordana Kuić. Consisting of fourteen episodes it was directed by actor director and producer Ljubiša Samardžić and produced by his wife Mirjana. The series was broadcast on the RTS1 once in a week from 11 December 2010 to 11 March 2011.
 The Princess from Hoboken is a silent 1927 American comedy film directed by Allen Dale and featuring Boris Karloff. This is a lost film.
 Mercado de abasto is a 1955 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Lucas Demare.
 Amore rosso (Marianna Sirca) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Aldo Vergano.
 The Red-Light Sting is a 1984 made-for-television movie starring Farrah Fawcett Beau Bridges Harold Gould and Paul Burke.
 Pirates is a 1986 Franco-Tunisian adventure comedy film written by Gérard Brach John Brownjohn and Roman Polanski and directed by Polanski. It was screened out of competition at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Operation 021 formerly The Extortionist is an upcoming Pakistani spy Action thriller film directed by Summer Bodhi Nicks and produced by Zeba Bakhtiar Azaan Sami Khan. It's Pakistan's first Spy Action Thriller movie and currently in a final stage of production.The film produced by One Motion Pictures is based on a screenplay by the international award winning writer Summer Bodhi Nicks.
 De Boma à Tshela is a Belgian 1926 documentary film.
 Thakazhi is a 1998 Malayalam documentary film made by M. T. Vasudevan Nair on renowned Malayalam writer Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai (1912–1999). The 57-minute film was written directed and narrated by Nair for Sahitya Akademi. The film's music was provided by Raveendran.
 Moneyocracy is a 2012 documentary film about Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission 558 U.S. 310 (2010)which was a landmark United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the First Amendment prohibited the government from restricting independent political expenditures by corporations and unions. The film explores how the Citizens United v.
 Going Hollywood is a 1933 American musical film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Marion Davies and Bing Crosby. Written by Donald Ogden Stewart and based on a story by Frances Marion the film is about a French teacher at an all-girl school who longs to find love. When she hears a young singer on the radio she visits him and thanks him which causes problems with another woman. Going Hollywood was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on December 22 1933.
 A Fitting Tribute is a 2007 British short film comedy-drama film directed by Daniel Cormack and starring Sally Bretton Thomas Nelstrop and April Nicholson.In 2010 A Fitting Tribute was selected for preservation by the British Film Institute's National Archive and in 2012 the film was acquired by the British Library's Moving Image Collection.
 Jerry the Tyke also known as Jerry the Troublesome Tyke is a cartoon dog created during the silent film era. Created by Cardiff-based animator Sid Griffiths and shown throughout British cinemas as part of Pathé Pictorial's screen news-magazines Jerry the Tyke was the first animated series to be made in Wales.
 Mummy's Dummies is the 111th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Nour Minel Samaa (Nour min al sama) known in English as Light from Heaven and in French as Lumière du ciel is a 1947 Arabic short film directed by Hassan Hilmy.
 El ángel de Budapest (Angel of Budapest) is a Spanish 2011 television World War II-Holocaust miniseries (compiled to a television movie in various countries) based on the book Un español frente al Holocausto (A Spaniard against the Holocaust) written by journalist and radio executive director Diego Carcedo. The executive producers are José Manuel Lorenzo Eduardo Campoy and István Major the first two had collaborated on the spiritual film Sin noticias de Dios (2001).
 From Saturday to Sunday (Czech: Ze soboty na neděli) is a 1931 film directed by Gustav Machatý and starring Ladislav H. Struna.
 London to Brighton is a 2006 award-winning British film. The film was written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams.
 Athena (1954) is a romantic musical comedy starring Jane Powell Edmund Purdom Debbie Reynolds Vic Damone Louis Calhern and Norma Varden and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film tells the story of an old-fashioned conservative lawyer who falls in love with a daughter from a family of fitness fanatics.
 Bara (Kannada: ಬರ) is a 1980 Kannada film directed and produced by M. S. Sathyu. It is based on the story written by U. R. Ananthamurthy. The film starred Ananth Nag C. R. Simha and Loveleen Madhu in lead roles. The film won many laurels upon release including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada for its script of an incisive analysis of the socio-political situation in a drought affected district. The film went on floors in 1980 and made its theatrical release in 1982.
 Jaani Dyakha Hawbe is a 2011 Bengali film directed by Birsa Dasgupta and produced under the banner of Cine Nine. The film features actors Parambrata Chatterjee and Payel Sarkar in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Indradeep Dasgupta.
 White Noise is a 2005 supernatural thriller film directed by Geoffrey Sax. The title refers to electronic voice phenomena (EVP) where voices which some believe to be from the other side can be heard on audio recordings. The film is not related to the postmodern novel White Noise by Don DeLillo.The movie did surprisingly well at the box office despite generally poor reviews from both critics and audiences.
 Reminiscences of Yearning is an Iranian experimental film directed by Rouzbeh Rashidi.
 The Brothers Karamazov (German:Die Brüder Karamasoff) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Carl Froelich and an uncredited Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Fritz Kortner Bernhard Goetzke and Emil Jannings. It is an adaptation of the 1880 novel The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoevsky.
 The Vanity Serum (Italian: Il siero della vanità) is a 2004 Italian giallo film directed by Alex Infascelli. It is loosely based on the novel Il libro italiano dei morti by Niccolò Ammaniti.
 Summer Days with Coo (河童のクゥと夏休み Kappa no Kū to Natsuyasumi lit. Summer Vacation with Coo the Kappa) is a 2007 Japanese animated film about a kappa and its impact on an ordinary suburban family directed by Keiichi Hara.
 Guest of Honour is a 1934 British comedy film directed by George King and starring Henry Kendall Micki Hood Edward Chapman and Joan Playfair. In the film an aristocrat unmasks a blackmailer. It is based on F. Anstey's 1903 play The Man from Blankley's which had been made as a 1920 Paramount silent The Fourteenth Man and the 1930 John Barrymore talkie The Man from Blankley's.
 Go Go 70s (Hangul: 고고70) is a 2008 South Korean drama/musical film set in the 1970s.
 El intruso (The Intruder) is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 A Singing Fairy is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhu Feng and produced by Peng Gang and Zheng Jinhao starring Alec Su Eva Huang Wei Zongwan Ariel Aisin-Gioro and Che Yongli. It based on the story of the classic Chinese figure Liu Sanjie. A Singing Fairy was first released in China on 30 April 2010.
 Familia rodante (English: Rolling Family) is a 2004 comedy drama film written and directed by Pablo Trapero and produced by various countries including Argentina. The film's executive producers were Hugo Castro Fau and Martina Gusman and it was produced by Pablo Trapero Robert Bevan and Donald Ranvaud.The picture is about a large Argentine family that takes a northern 1000 plus kilometer road trip in an old cramped motor-home to attend a wedding.
 Island of Greed is a 1997 Hong Kong drama film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung Ka-fai. This film is set and filmed in Taiwan and deals with corruption in the Republic of China Government.
 The United (Arabic: المتحدين) is a 2012 film produced by Touchstone Pictures. It was conceived as Disney's first ever Arabic-language film intended primarily for Middle Eastern audiences. Produced by Rachel Gandin The United was directed by Amin Matalqa written by Nizar Wattad and features performances from Farouk Al-Fishawy Waleed Zuaiter Bosaina and Amir Scandar. It was shot in and around Amman Jordan in January 2011 by veteran cinematographer Ray Peschke and edited by Debbie Berman.
 Doraemon: Nobita in the Wan-Nyan Spacetime Odyssey (ドラえもん のび太のワンニャン時空伝 Doraemon: Nobita no Wan Nyan Jikūden) is a 2004 Japanese animated film based on the Japanese franchise of Doraemon. The film also marks the 25th anniversary of the Doraemon television series on TV Asahi and the 25th Doraemon feature film.
 A Drunkard's Reformation is a 1909 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Honeymoon Trio is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Pobočník Jeho Výsosti is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1933.
 It's My Turn is a 1980 romantic comedy-drama film starring Jill Clayburgh Michael Douglas and Charles Grodin. The film was directed by Claudia Weill and written by Eleanor Bergstein.
 Sidewalk Stories is a 1989 American low-budget nearly silent movie directed by and starring Charles Lane. The film was shot in black and white and tells the story of a young African American man raising a small child after her father is murdered. For traditional silent film fans this production certainly harkens back and is an homage to Charlie Chaplin's 1921 feature The Kid.
 Pobres habrá siempre is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.
 A King's Story is a 1965 British documentary film directed by Harry Booth about the life of King Edward VIII from his birth until abdication in 1936. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Aacharya is an Indian Tamil language film released in 2006.
 Blood in the Face is a 1991 documentary film about white supremacy groups in North America. It was directed by Anne Bohlen Kevin Rafferty and James Ridgeway. It features many interviews with various white supremacist leaders and archival footage of others.
 The Trojan Horse is a Canadian political drama two-part miniseries that first aired on CBC Television on 30 March 2008. It is a sequel to the 2004 miniseries H2O. It starred Paul Gross Greta Scacchi and Tom Skerritt. It was directed by Charles Binamé.
 Kungen kommer is a 1936 Swedish comedy film directed by Ragnar Hyltén-Cavallius.
 Circus Fever is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 35th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Surrender of Tournavos (French: La prise de Tournavos) was a short silent film created and released in 1897 and directed by Georges Méliès.
 Blood Feast is a 1963 American low budget splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It concerns a psychopathic food caterer who kills women so that he can include their body parts in his meals and perform sacrifices to his Egyptian goddess Ishtar. It is considered the first splatter film and is notable for its groundbreaking depictions of on-screen gore. It was followed by a belated sequel Blood Feast 2: All You Can Eat in 2002.
 Young Cassidy is a 1965 film directed by Jack Cardiff and John Ford. The film stars Rod Taylor Julie Christie and Maggie Smith. The film is a biographical drama based upon the life of the playwright Sean O'Casey.
 I Want You (Spanish: Tengo ganas de ti ‘I Want You’) is a 2012 Spanish drama film directed by Fernando González Molina starring Mario Casas. The sequel to Three Steps Above Heaven (Spanish: Tres metros sobre el cielo ‘Three metres above heaven / the sky’). Based on the novel by Federico Moccia was produced by Zeta Cinema Antena 3 Films Crab Films and Globomedia film and distributed by Warner Bros Pictures International Spain.
 In Society is a 1944 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. It was the first of five Abbott and Costello films to be directed by Jean Yarbrough. It was re-released in 1953.
 Imaginaerum by Nightwish is a 2012 Finnish-Canadian musical fantasy film co-written and directed by Stobe Harju. It was developed with and features music from Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish's seventh studio album of the same name; Nightwish's keyboardist and songwriter Tuomas Holopainen co-wrote the film. Imaginaerum which is produced by Markus Selin from Solar Films Inc.
 The Final Programme is a 1973 British fantasy science fiction-thriller film directed by Robert Fuest and starring Jon Finch and Jenny Runacre. It was based on the first Jerry Cornelius novel (also called The Final Programme) by Michael Moorcock. It was distributed in the United States and elsewhere as The Last Days of Man on Earth.
 Hart am Wind is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 The Danish Poet (Norwegian: Den danske dikteren) is a 2006 animated short film written directed and animated by Torill Kove and narrated by Liv Ullmann. A co-production of the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and Mikrofilm AS of Norway it has won both the Academy Award and Genie Award for best animated short film.
 Kein Hüsung is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Gregory's Two Girls is a 1999 British film. It is the sequel to Gregory's Girl (1981) which also starred John Gordon Sinclair and was written and directed by Bill Forsyth. The movie received mixed reviews.
 The Assassination of Trotsky is a 1972 British film directed by Joseph Losey with a screenplay by Nicholas Mosley. It starred Richard Burton as Leon Trotsky as well as Romy Schneider and Alain Delon. Years later The Assassination of Trotsky was included as one of the choices in the book The Fifty Worst Films of All Time.[citation needed]
 Two Thousand Maniacs! is a 1964 splatter film written and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It is the second part of what the director's fans have dubbed The Blood Trilogy a trio of films starting with 1963's Blood Feast and ending with 1965's Color Me Blood Red. The film stars 1963 Playboy Playmate Connie Mason. It was remade in 2005 as 2001 Maniacs starring Robert Englund. The story of the film is inspired by the 1947 Lerner and Loewe musical Brigadoon.
 Match Point is a 2005 thriller film written and directed by Woody Allen which stars Jonathan Rhys Meyers Scarlett Johansson Emily Mortimer Matthew Goode Brian Cox and Penelope Wilton. Rhys Meyers' character marries into a wealthy family but his social position is threatened by his affair with his brother-in-law's ex-girlfriend played by Johansson and her subsequent pregnancy.
 White as Snow (Turkish: Kar Beyaz) is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Selim Güneş based on the short story Ayran by Sabahattin Ali which tells the story of a 9-year-old boy who must care for his younger siblings by selling hot drinks to weary winter travelers. The film was selected for the 46th Chicago International Film Festival and the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival where it premiered.
 Species II (also known as Species II: Offspring and Species II: Origins) is a 1998 American science fiction horror film sequel to the 1995 film Species and the second installment in the Species series. The film was directed by Peter Medak and starring Natasha Henstridge Michael Madsen and Marg Helgenberger all of whom reprise their roles from the first film. It also features actor James Cromwell as Senator Judson Ross. The film was followed by Species III (2004).
 Destiny (German: Der müde Tod Weary Death; originally released in the US as Behind the Wall) is a 1921 silent film directed in Germany by Fritz Lang. The film rich in special effects is structured as a frame tale with three stories within the story.
 France-Brésil et autres histoires is a 2007 film.
 Alchemik (film) is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1988.An alchemist Sendivius comes to court and transmutes base metal into gold.
 Le premier jour du reste de ta vie (English: The First Day of the Rest of Your Life) is a 2008 French film written and directed by Rémi Bezançon. The film received 9 César Award nominations winning three (Best Editing Most Promising Actor and Most Promising Actress).
 Carry On Camping is a 1969 comedy film and the seventeenth in the series of Carry On films to be made. It features series regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Terry Scott Hattie Jacques Barbara Windsor Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth.
 Stay is an upcoming Canadian-Irish drama film co-production. It is directed by Wiebke von Carolsfeld who adapted the story from the Aislinn Hunter novel.
 Alien Origin is an 2012 American science fiction/Horror film produced by The Asylum and directed by Mark Atkins. The film stars Chelsea Vincent Peter Pedrero Philip Coc Trey McCurley and Daniela Flynn.The film was released direct-to-DVD on June 12 2012. In the tradition of The Asylum's catalog Alien Origin is a mockbuster of the Ridley Scott film Prometheus.
 Jaanwar (English language: Animal) is a Bollywood gangster drama film directed by Suneel Darshan released on 24 December 1999. The film stars Akshay Kumar Karisma Kapoor and Shilpa Shetty in pivotal roles. The Films was a huge critically and commercially successful film of that year and it is known for reviving Akshay Kumar's career when he was going through a rough patch.
 Nick Carter and Red Club (French: Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge) is a 1965 French action film directed by Jean-Paul Savignac. The film features the successful literay character Nick Carter and is based on a novel by Claude Rank. The film is a sequel to Nick Carter va tout casser (1964).
 Shadow Man is a 1988 film about a Polish-Jewish refugee during a fictional war in Amsterdam. Like a `Walker between two worlds´ the famous Shadowman comics hero created some years after this film he partly belongs to the unseen world of darkness. Tom Hulce as the Shadow Man created an interesting and moving performance. Also starring Jeroen Krabbé as Theo and Manouk van der Meulen as Monique a Dutch couple provoked by the arrival of the Shadowman .
 The Three-Day Reign (삼일천하 - Samil cheonha) aka Three Days of Their Reign is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It was awarded Best Film at the Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony. Actor Shin Young-kyun was also named Best Actor for his performance in the film.
 The Affairs of Anatol is a 1921 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Wallace Reid and Gloria Swanson.
 Saludos Amigos (Hello Friends in English) is a 1942 animated feature package film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is the sixth animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is the first of six package films made by Walt Disney Animation Studios in the 1940s. Set in Latin America it is made up of four different segments; Donald Duck stars in two of them and Goofy stars in one.
 Soulbound (Portuguese: Teus Olhos Meus) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed and written by Caio Sóh.The film follows the story of Gil a 20-year-old orphan raised by his uncles. His lifestyle generates a family war causing Gil to go away from home. With the guitar on his back without money and without the help of friends Gil meets Otávio a music producer who changes his destiny forever.
 TOKYO 10+01 also informally known as Tokyo Eleven is a Japanese film directed by Higuchinsky that was released in 2003. To date it has not been officially released outside of Japan although it has been unofficially subtitled in English and German and released on DVD with Region 0 coding.TOKYO 10+01 is heavily influenced by the 2000 Japanese film Battle Royale to which it makes numerous references.
 Transmorphers is a science fiction alien invasion film released direct-to-DVD on June 26 2007. It was written and directed by Leigh Scott and produced by David Michael Latt and The Asylum. Transmorphers was developed as a mockbuster intending to capitalize on Michael Bay's Transformers. The film was followed by a 2009 prequel titled Transmorphers: Fall of Man.
 Dio sei proprio un padreterno! (also known as II suo nome faceva Tremare . . . Interpol in allarme! internationally released as Mean Frank and Crazy Tony Frank and Tony Power Kill The Cold Arms of Death and Escape From Death Row) is a 1973 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Michele Lupo.
 Golden Earrings is a 1947 romantic spy film made by Paramount Pictures and starring Ray Milland and Marlene Dietrich. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen and produced by Harry Tugend from a screenplay by Frank Butler Helen Deutsch and Abraham Polonsky based on a novel by Jolán Földes. The music score was by Victor Young and the cinematography by Daniel L. Fapp.The film's haunting song Golden Earrings sung in the movie by Murvyn Vye was a hit recording in 1947-48 by Peggy Lee.
 Spring Break '87 is a 1987 concert performed by Australian rock group Crowded House at Daytona Beach Florida United States. The concert was recorded and released by MTV for the United States and featured all of Crowded House's singles that had been released up to that point. It also featured a small handful of songs from the then forthcoming album Temple of Low Men such as When You Come and Better Be Home Soon.
 Akhire Akhire is a 2013 Oriya romance drama comedy film produced by Sitaram Agrawal. The film features Babushan and Jhilik in the lead roles.
 Underworld Beauty (暗黒街の美女 Ankokugai no bijo) is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki. It marked Suzuki's first CinemaScope film and was also the first to be credited to his assumed name Seijun Suzuki.
 History of the World Part I is a 1981 comedy film written produced and directed by Mel Brooks. Brooks also stars in the film playing five roles: Moses Comicus the stand-up philosopher Tomás de Torquemada King Louis XVI and Jacques le garçon de pisse.
 Sketch is a Malayalam film. It was released in 2007.
 One in a Million is a 1937 American film which marked the Hollywood debut of Sonja Henie. It features footage from the 1936 Winter Olympic Games. Jack Haskell received an Academy Award nomination in Best Dance Direction at the 9th Academy Awards.
 Sonna Puriyathu (English: Cannot be understood when said; ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by debutant Krishnan Jayaraj a former associate of C. S. Amudhan It features Shiva and Vasundhara in the lead roles. The film released on 26 July 2013 to mixed-positive reviews from critics. The film got a good opening and finally declared as an above average in the boxoffice.
 Das Baje is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Sucker Money (1933) is an American film directed by Dorothy Davenport and Melville Shyer. The film is also known as Victims of the Beyond in the United Kingdom.
 The Big Sleep is a 1978 film remake the second film version of Raymond Chandler's 1939 novel of the same name. It was directed by Michael Winner and stars Robert Mitchum in his second feature film portrayal of the detective Philip Marlowe. The cast includes Sarah Miles Candy Clark Joan Collins and Oliver Reed also featuring James Stewart as General Sternwood.The story's setting was changed from 1930s Los Angeles to present-day London.
 Young Breasts (青い乳房 Aoi chibusa) is a 1958 Japanese juvenile delinquent film directed by Seijun Suzuki for the Nikkatsu Corporation. Akira Kobayashi stars as a young hoodlum who tries to go straight after falling in love with his social worker.
 Dak Bangla is a 1987 Hindi horror film presented by the Ramsay brothers.
 Palletoori Pilla (English title: Village Girl) is a 1950 Telugu film directed by B. A. Subba Rao. The title role is played by Anjali Devi. The story was loosely based on the English play Pizaro by Richard Sheridan. The film is a commercial hit and ran for more than 100 days in 6 centres. This is also the first film wherein great actors of Telugu cinema N. T. Rama Rao and Akkineni Nageswara Rao acted for the first time.It was later made into Insaniyat (1955) in Hindi directed by S. S.
 Sweet Revenge is a 1987 American motion picture starring Nancy Allen as Jillian Grey a newscaster abducted and sold into white slavery while doing an undercover expose. Ted Shackelford Martin Landau Gina Gershon Michele Little and Lotis Key round out the cast of this R-rated action adventure directed by Mark Sobel with Roger Corman acting as executive producer.
 The Fargo Kid is a 1940 American film directed by Edward Killy starring Tim Holt. It was the second in Holt's series of Westerns for RKO.The script was based on a story which had been previously filmed as Man in the Rough (1928) and The Cheyenne Kid (1935).
 The Viking Watch of the Danish Seaman (Danish: Støt står den danske sømand) is a 1948 Danish war drama directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr. The film known alternatively as Perilous Expedition or its literal title translation Steady stands the Danish sailor written by Grete Frische based upon the wartime diary of Kaj Frische tells the true story of Danish sailors who sailed with the Allied forces during the German occupation of Denmark in World War II.
 Salavat Yulayev (Russian: Салават Юлаев) is a 1941 Soviet film directed by Yakov Protazanov about Bashkir national hero poet Salawat Yulayev (1754-1800) and Pugachev's Rebellion.
 7000 días juntos (English: Long Life Together) is a 1994 film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez. It was written by Fernando Fernán Gómez Javier García Maurino Fernando Morales and stars Pilar Bardem José Sacristán Chus Lampreave Maria Barranco Agustín González and Tina Sainz.
 Our Son the Matchmaker is a 1996 made-for-television family film directed by Lorraine Senna and stars Ann Jillian and David Andrews as a couple who are separated as teenagers when their illegitimate child is born and sent for adoption but are reunited years later when their by then grown-up son seeks them out.
 Nerve and Gasoline is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Cold Fever (Icelandic: Á köldum klaka) is a 1995 Icelandic film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson. It is a road movie set in Iceland and was the first of Friðrik's films to be made in the English language. The movie depicts the travels of a Japanese man across Iceland. It was jokingly promoted as the best Icelandic-Japanese road movie of 1995.
 L'Atlantide is a 1921 French-Belgian silent film directed by Jacques Feyder and the first of several adaptations of the best-selling novel L'Atlantide by Pierre Benoit.
 Boris Godunov (Russian: Борис Годунов) is a 1986 Soviet drama film directed by and starring Sergei Bondarchuk. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cento piccole mamme is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giulio Morelli.
 Recess Christmas: Miracle on Third Street is a Disney direct-to-video animated film released to VHS on November 6 2001. It is a compilation of four unrelated episodes of the Recess TV series including the series' Christmas special Yes Mikey Santa Does Shave. It was followed by two more direct-to-video Recess films in 2003: Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade and Recess: All Growed Down.In November 2003 the film was re-released on DVD.
 HotMen CoolBoyz (or H.M.C.B.) is a Danish adult film directed by Knud Vesterskov and starring Ron Athey and Billy Herrington.It was produced by Puzzy Power/HotMale the adult arm of Lars von Trier's company Zentropa also known for the Dogme95-manifesto and such projects as Dogville (2003) starring Nicole Kidman Dancer in the Dark (2000) starring Björk and the Oscar-nominated After the Wedding (2006).It is the only gay hardcore pornographic film ever produced by an established mainstream film company yet upon its release was almost completely ignored by the Danish press and only later started to gain an international reputation for its unique imagery.
 Particle Fever is a 2013 documentary film tracking the first round of experiments at the Large Hadron Collider near Geneva Switzerland. The film follows the experimental physicists at CERN who run the experiments as well as the theoretical physicists who attempt to provide a conceptual framework for the LHC's results. The film begins in 2008 with the first firing of the LHC and concludes in 2012 with the successful identification of the Higgs boson.
 Dishdogz is a 2006 American film starring Luke Perry and Haylie Duff and directed by Mikey Hilb.
 Bride of the Regiment (1930) is an American musical film directed by John Francis Dillon filmed entirely in Technicolor. The screenplay by Ray Harris and Humphrey Pearson is based on the book of the 1922 stage musical The Lady in Ermine by Frederick Lonsdale and Cyrus Wood which had been adapted from the operetta Die Frau im Hermelin by Rudolph Schanzer and Ernst Welisch. The story is a remake of a 1927 First National silent film The Lady in Ermine that starred Corinne Griffith.
 At Sachem Farm (also known as Higher Love Trade Winds and Uncorked) is a 1998 drama film.
 Queen of the Amazons is a 1947 adventure film directed by Edward Finney and featuring Robert Lowery Patricia Morison and J. Edward Bromberg.
 Deadly Blessing is a 1981 American horror film directed by Wes Craven. It was released on 14 August 1981. The film tells the story of a strange figure committing murder in a contemporary community that is not far from another community that believes in ancient evil and curses. It stars Ernest Borgnine Maren Jensen (in her last screen appearance) and Sharon Stone in an early screen appearance.
 Outlaw: The Saga of Gisli (Icelandic: Útlaginn) is an Icelandic film shot in 1981 detailing a blood feud that took place in Viking times. It is based upon one of the Icelanders' Sagas called the Gísla saga and is directed by Ágúst Guðmundsson.The film was released on 17 February 1984 to critical acclaim in Sweden and then in West Germany.
 Dark Souls (Norwegian: Mørke sjeler) is a Norwegian horror film written and directed by César Ducasse and Mathieu Péteul. It premiered in Norway on January 14 2011.
 Jailbait is a 2004 psychodrama film written and directed by Brett C. Leonard. It stars Stephen Adly Guirgis and Michael Pitt and is set in an unnamed prison in California. The film received numerous independent film nominations and was awarded the Lake Placid Film Festival Grand Jury Prize.
 The Tailor from Torzhok (Russian: Закройщик из Торжка) is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov and starring Igor Ilyinsky.
 Escort Girl is a 1941 American film directed by Edward E. Kaye; it is also known as Scarlet Virgin.
 Duck Soup is a 1933 Marx Brothers anarchic comedy film written by Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby with additional dialogue by Arthur Sheekman and Nat Perrin and directed by Leo McCarey. First released theatrically by Paramount Pictures on November 17 1933 it starred what were then billed as the Four Marx Brothers (Groucho Harpo Chico and Zeppo) and also featured Margaret Dumont Raquel Torres Louis Calhern and Edgar Kennedy.
 Somewhere in Time is a 1980 romantic science fiction film directed by Jeannot Szwarc. It is a film adaptation of the 1975 novel Bid Time Return by Richard Matheson who also wrote the screenplay. The film stars Christopher Reeve Jane Seymour Christopher Plummer Teresa Wright and Bill Erwin.Reeve plays Richard Collier a playwright who becomes smitten by a photograph of a young woman at the Grand Hotel.
 The Last Lullaby is 2008 drama/noir film starring Tom Sizemore and Sasha Alexander. Filming took place in Shreveport Louisiana.
 Samsaram Oka Chadarangam is a 1987 Telugu film and remake of Samsaram Adhu Minsaram directed by Visu and produced by AVM. Saravanan and AVM. Balasubramanian. Gollapudi Maruthi Rao Sarath Babu Rajendra Prasad and Suhasini in the lead roles.
 The Land of College Prophets is a 2005 independent comedy film produced by the Hale Manor Collective a trio of Connecticut filmmakers consisting of Mike Aransky Phil Guerrette and Thomas Edward Seymour.
 Rajathanthiram is an upcoming Tamil film directed by debutant Amit and produced by Senthil Veersamy. The film features Veera and Regina Cassandra in the lead roles with G. V. Prakash Kumar composing the film's music. The film is expected to be released in mid 2014.
 The First Time is a 1952 film directed by Frank Tashlin. It stars Robert Cummings and Barbara Hale.
 Haadsa (Hindi: हादसा) is a 1983 Hindi ActionThriller film directed and produced by Akbar Khan. The film features Akbar Khan himself Ranjeeta Naseeruddin Shah Amrish Puri as main characters.
 For the condition of being toothless see Edentulism. For the fictional dragon named Toothless see How to Train Your Dragon.Toothless is a 1997 children's fantasy television movie that first aired as part of The Wonderful World of Disney on ABC.
 Sakka Podu Podu Raja is a 1978 Tamil film starring Jaishankar Jayachitra and Sridevi in the lead roles. Kamal Haasan and Phataphat Jayalaxmi played guest roles.
 Rise of the Zombies is a 2012 American zombie horror film from The Asylum and directed by Nick Lyon. Written by Keith Allan and Delondra Williams the film was initially titled Dead Walking but was eventually changed to Rise of the Zombies. The movie stars Mariel Hemingway Chad Lindberg LeVar Burton and Heather Hemmens and first aired on Syfy on October 27 2012.
 How High is a 2001 stoner comedy starring Method Man and Redman written by Dustin Lee Abraham and director Jesse Dylan's debut feature film. Entertainment Weekly rated it third in their Best Stoner Movie top ten list. The movie also won the Stony Award of 2002 for the Best Stoner Movie but received generally negative reviews from critics.
 Anubhav is a Bollywood film released on 5 June 2009.
 Russian Roulette is a 1975 film directed by Lou Lombardo and based on Tom Ardies' novel Kosygin Is Coming. The story centers on a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer played by George Segal who finds himself engulfed in a KGB conspiracy to kill a renegade Soviet Premier during his visit to Vancouver in 1970.The film was the directorial debut for Lombardo who is noted primarily as a film editor.
 Callaway Went Thataway is a 1951 American comedy film starring Fred MacMurray Dorothy McGuire and Howard Keel. It was written directed and produced by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama. Also known as The Star Said No it was a satire of the television program Hopalong Cassidy.[citation needed]
 Cinderfella is a comedy film version of the classic Cinderella story with several of the roles reversed. It was released December 16 1960 by Paramount Pictures and stars Jerry Lewis as Fella.
 Sons of Provo is a 2004 film written by Peter Brown and Will Swenson and directed by Will Swenson. It is a mockumentary that portrays the experience of an LDS boy-band named Everclean from formation to resounding success.
 Old Mother Riley is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Arthur Lucan Kitty McShane Barbara Everest Patrick Ludlow and Hubert Leslie. Mother Riley and her daughter stop the plans of some disinherited relatives to overturn the terms of a will.This is the first in a long-running series of films (1937-1952) starring Arthur Lucan's elderly drag character Old Mother Riley and his daughter Kitty.
 The Lure of Heart's Desire is a 1916 silent American drama film directed by Francis J. Grandon. The film is considered to be lost.
 Operación Ogro is a 1979 Spanish and Italian drama film written and directed by Gillo Pontecorvo. The film is based on true events following the eponymous book by Julen Agirre (pseudonym of Eva Forest).The film won the David di Donatello (an annual Italian motion picture award) for Best Film. All the actors a mix of Spaniards and Italians spoke Spanish in the dubbed version released in Spain and in Italian in the dubbed Italian version.
 Jak básníci neztrácejí naději is a Czech comedy film directed by Dusan Klein. It was released in 2004.
 The Eye Creatures (also known as Attack of the Eye Creatures or Attack of the The Eye Creatures from a production error) is a 1965 science-fiction film about an invasion of an unnamed American countryside by a flying saucer and its silent shambling alien occupants.
 The Saint's Vacation is the title of a 1941 adventure film produced by the British arm of RKO Pictures. The film starred Hugh Sinclair as Simon Templar a.k.a. The Saint a world-roving crimefighter who walks the fine edge of the law. This was the seventh of eight films in RKO's film series about the character created by Leslie Charteris. It was Sinclair's first appearance as Templar having taken over the role from George Sanders.
 Bhartrahari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 White Nights is a 1985 American drama film directed by Taylor Hackford and choreographed by Twyla Tharp and stars Mikhail Baryshnikov Gregory Hines Jerzy Skolimowski Helen Mirren and Isabella Rossellini.
 The Story of William Tell is an unfinished film about William Tell. It starred and was produced by Errol Flynn. It commenced filming in Italy in 1953 and was meant to be the directorial debut of Jack Cardiff. It was filmed in Cinemascope. A £10000 model town set was built near Mont Blanc.
 Flight from Singapore is a 1962 British drama film directed by Dudley Birch and starring Patrick Allen Patrick Holt and William Abney.
 Play Ball is a 1925 American drama film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Maniacal is a 2003 horror film directed by Joe Castro and written by Eric Spudic.
 Live Flesh (Spanish: Carne Trémula) is a 1997 Spanish romantic drama thriller film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar starring Liberto Rabal Javier Bardem and Francesca Neri. The film is loosely based on Ruth Rendell's book Live Flesh.
 A Day on Mars (German: Ein Tag auf dem Mars) is a 1921 German silent sci-fi comedy film directed by Heinz Schall and starring Lilly Flohr Hermann Picha and Gerhard Ritterband. It premiered in Berlin on 20 February 1921.
 Hoo is a 2010 Indian Kannada-language film written and directed by V. Ravichandran. The film stars V. Ravichandran in lead role whereas Meera Jasmine and Namitha play the female leads. Prakash Raj plays a very important role in the film.The film is produced by Dinesh Gandhi. This film is a remake of Telugu hit movie Vasantham released in 2003.
 The Heroes (also known as Gli eroi Les héros and Los héroes millonarios) is a 1973 Italian war-comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari.
 Bonnie & Clyde is a 2013 television film about Great Depression-era outlaws Bonnie and Clyde starring Emile Hirsch as Clyde Barrow and Holliday Grainger as Bonnie Parker. The two-part film aired on back-to-back nights December 8 and 9 2013 simultaneously on A&E History and Lifetime (all owned by A&E Networks). The first previews for the film were released on September 23 2013.
 Little Red Riding Hood (German: Rotkäppchen) is a German film directed by Walter Janssen based on the story of Little Red Riding Hood by the Brothers Grimm.
 The Wild World of Batwoman is a 1966 American science fiction superhero film directed by Jerry Warren. The film stars Katherine Victor as Batwoman George Andre as Professor G. Octavius Neon and Steve Brodie as Jim Flanagan.With the popularity of the Batman television series director Jerry Warren decided to make his own bat-figured superhero film. After winning a settlement from being sued for copyright infringement Warren re-released the film under the title She Was a Hippy Vampire.
 Girl Crazy is a 1932 musical film adaptation of the stage play of the same name. The film was very unlike the stage play except for its score. It was tailored for the comic talents of Wheeler & Woolsey a popular comedy team. Three songs written by George and Ira Gershwin for the play were retained: Bidin' My Time I Got Rhythm and But Not For Me. According to RKO records the film lost $150000.
 Charles Dead or Alive (French: Charles mort ou vif) is a 1970 Swiss drama film directed by Alain Tanner.
 Stars In Shorts is a 2012 compilation of seven movie-star-filled short films by various directors.
 Behind the Make-Up is a 1930 drama film starring Hal Skelly William Powell and Fay Wray. It is based on the short story The Feeder by Mildred Cram. A vaudeville performer takes advantage of his partner even to stealing his girlfriend. This was the first of 7 films that William Powell and Kay Francis were in (Street of Chance (1930); Paramount on Parade (1930); For the Defense (1930); Ladies' Man; Jewel Robbery (1932); One Way Passage (1932))
 Main Balwaan is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mukul S. Anand starring Dharmendra Mithun Chakraborty Meenakshi Sheshadri Utpal Dutt Rita Bhaduri Suresh Oberoi and Raza Murad
 Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag is an IMAX film centered around the experiences of a USAF F-15 Eagle fighter pilot then-Captain John Stratton who wants to be professionally successful as a fighter pilot. It chronicles his experience during USAF Red Flag training at Nellis AFB a simulated air war designed to train pilots for combat.
 Murderers (French: Meurtrières) is a 2006 French drama film directed by Patrick Grandperret. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 That Girl from Paris is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by Leigh Jason. The film was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Sound Recording (John Aalberg).
 Bounty Killer is a 2013 post-apocalyptic action comedy directed by Henry Saine about celebrity assassins hunting the white collar criminals responsible for the apocalypse. The film premiered at the Dallas International Film Festival in the USA and at Fantasia Film Festival in Canada.Bounty Killer was released on 6 September 2013 in theaters and on Video on Demand.The movie is based on a graphic novel published by Kickstart Comics in 2013.
 The Real Shlemiel (German: Die Schelme von Schelm) also known in the United States as Aaron's Magic Village is a European animated film originally released in 1995.
 I the Jury is a 1982 film based on the best selling detective novel of the same name by Mickey Spillane. The story was previously filmed in 3D in 1953. Larry Cohen wrote the screenplay and was hired to direct but was replaced when the film's budget was already out of control after one week of shooting. He was replaced by Richard T. Heffron.The film begins with a James Bond-like teaser opening before the story begins.
 The Corridor (Swedish: Korridoren) is a 1968 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Halldoff. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Two Lovers is a 2008 American romantic drama film taking its inspiration from Fyodor Dostoyevsky's short story White Nights which had already been turned into a film 7 times first by Luchino Visconti: Le Notti Bianche (1957). The movie is directed by James Gray and stars Joaquin Phoenix Gwyneth Paltrow and Vinessa Shaw. It is set in the largely Russian Jewish neighborhood Brighton Beach in New York City as was Gray's first movie Little Odessa.
 Kinako - The Story of an Apprentice Police Dog (きな子〜見習い警察犬の物語〜 Kinako: Minarai Keisatsuken no Monogatari) is a 2010 Japanese film based on a true story of a dog trainer. It was released in Japanese cinemas throughout Japan on 14 August 2010.
 L'Appel du destin (English: The Call of destiny) is a French comedy drama film from 1953 directed by Georges Lacombe written by Jacques Viot starring Georgette Anys and Jean Marais. In United Kingdom the film was known under the title Der Ruf des Schicksals (Germany) De enige weg (Belgium).
 Glorious 39 is a 2009 British thriller film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and starring Romola Garai Bill Nighy Julie Christie Jeremy Northam Christopher Lee David Tennant and Jenny Agutter. Filming began in late October 2008 and concluded in December 2008. Much of the filming took place in Norfolk where the film is set.
 Luke Lugs Luggage is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Nanhe Jaisalmer - A Dream Come True (also known as Nanhe) is a 2007 film directed by Samir Karnik and featuring Bobby Deol as himself and child actor Dwij Yadav in the title role. The film has a new actor who has appeared in a couple of filmsVatsal Seth in a cameo role in the film as Nanhe Jaiselmer In the adult future.The film is based in Rajasthan and the songs of the film especially 'Ranjhana' which is sung by Himesh Reshammiya have Rajasthani lyrics.
 Tunneling the English Channel (Tunnel sous la manche ou Le cauchemar franco-anglais) is a 1907 silent film by pioneer filmmaker Georges Méliès. The plot follows King Edward VII and President Armand Fallières dreaming of building a tunnel under the English Channel.American film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum named it as one of his 100 favorite films.
 The Major and the Minor is a 1942 American comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and Ray Milland. It was the first American film directed by Billy Wilder and launched his incomparable directing career. The screenplay by Wilder and Charles Brackett is based on the play Connie Goes Home by Edward Childs Carpenter.
 Crude Oil (simplified Chinese: 采油日记; traditional Chinese: 採油日記; pinyin: Cǎi yóu rì jì) is a 2008 Chinese documentary film directed by Wang Bing. Filmed in the Inner Mongolian portion of the Gobi Desert it follows a group of oil field workers as they go about their daily routine.Like Wang's debut feature — the nine-hour Tie Xi Qu: West of the Tracks — Crude Oil is notable for its extreme length running 840 minutes (14 hours).
 Odette is a 1950 film British war film based on the true story of Special Operations Executive French-born agent Odette Sansom who was captured by the Germans in 1943 condemned to death and sent to Ravensbrück concentration camp to be executed. However against all odds she survived the war and testified against the prison guards at the Hamburg Ravensbrück Trials.
 Le Golem is a 1936 French monster movie filmed in Prague Czechoslovakia and directed by Julien Duvivier.
 Mickey's Champs is a 1930 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 2 1930 by RKO.
 The Twinkler is a 1916 American silent crime drama film directed by Edward Sloman. The film stars William Russell and Charlotte Burton. The author Henry Leverage was incarcerated in Sing Sing for auto theft; that fact was used in the film's marketing.
 Lady Rose's Daughter (1920) is a silent film drama starring Elsie Ferguson and David Powell with directing being from Hugh Ford. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. The film was based on a stage play performed in 1903 on Broadway. Both the film and the play were based on the famous novel by Mrs. Humphry Ward. Actress Ida Waterman had appeared in the original 1903 Broadway play.
 A Tale of Winter (French: Conte d'hiver) is a 1992 French drama film directed by Éric Rohmer and starring Charlotte Véry Frédéric van den Driessche and Michael Voletti. It is the second of Rohmer's Tales of the Four Seasons (Contes des quatre saisons) which also include A Tale of Springtime (1990) A Summer's Tale (1996) and Autumn Tale (1998). The film was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Craze is a 1974 film directed by Freddie Francis. It stars Jack Palance and Diana Dors.
 Virus (復活の日 Fukkatsu no hi) — literally Day of Resurrection — is a 1980 post-apocalyptic science fiction movie directed by Kinji Fukasaku and based on a 1964 novel written by Sakyo Komatsu. It starred Masao Kusakari George Kennedy Robert Vaughn Chuck Connors Olivia Hussey Edward James Olmos Ken Ogata Glenn Ford and Sonny Chiba. The film is notable for being the most expensive Japanese film ever made at the time.
 A Farewell Song is a 2006 documentary film about a group of retired Chinese musicians who reunite to perform a series of concerts outside of the state-backed music system. It was directed by Arthur Jones and Luther Jones and supported by the British Documentary Film Foundation (BRITDOC).
 Inside Burma: Land of Fear is a 1996 Central Independent Television documentary written and presented by John Pilger which was directed by David Munro. The two men worked undercover in order to investigate the use of slave labour in Burma.
 Michael Raj is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by V.C.Guhanathan and produced by D. Ramanaidu starring Raghuvaran in lead role supported by Madhuri Sarath Babu and Baby Shalini.
 Frisk is a 1995 drama film directed by Todd Verow based on the 1991 novel of the same name by author Dennis Cooper. It is a first-person narrative about a serial killer. Dennis (Michael Gunther) describes a series of ritual murders in letters to his sometime lover and best friend Julian (Jaie Laplante) and Julian's younger brother Kevin (Raoul O'Connell). It is banned in the UK due to its content. The cast includes Parker Posey and Alexis Arquette.
 Unsung Heroes also known as Unknown Heroes or more literally as Nameless Heroes is a North Korean film series about a spy in Seoul during the Korean War. Over twenty hours long it was filmed and released in multiple parts between 1978 and 1981. It was the recipient of the Kim Il-sung Medal.
 Cobra Woman is a 1944 American melodrama/adventure film of the South Seas genre directed by Robert Siodmak. It stars Jon Hall Sabu Mary Nash Lon Chaney Jr. and in a dual role Maria Montez. Shot in Technicolor this film is typical of Montez's career at Universal Pictures and although mostly forgotten today by the general public venerated as a camp classic for its legendary phallic snake-dance and Montez's immortal words: Geev me the Cobra jewl (sic).
 Billy Galvin is a 1986 film directed by John Gray. It stars Karl Malden and Lenny von Dohlen.
 A House Without Boundaries (Spanish: La casa sin fronteras) is a 1972 Spanish drama film directed by Pedro Olea. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Kanden Seethaiyai is an unreleased 1996 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Balachandra Menon starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role. The film is a remake of Balachandra Menon's own Malayalam-language hit film Ammayane Sathyam released in 1993.
 The film Zameen Kay Khuda was made both in Urdu and Punjabi amid fears that the beauty of the lyrics may be compromised when the songs are rendered by Naseebo Lal for its Punjabi version.
 Aadyathe Kanmani is a 1995 Malayalam film made in India directed by Rajasenan. This movie was a huge hit.
 A Sawmill Hazard is a 1913 American short silent film drama. The film starred Earle Foxe and Alice Hollister in the lead roles.
 L'emmerdeur (English title: A Pain in the ...) is a 1973 French-Italian black comedy film starring Jacques Brel appearing in his tenth and final feature film. Directed by Édouard Molinaro and co-starring Lino Ventura Caroline Cellier and Jean-Pierre Darras L'emmerdeur is an adaptation of Francis Veber's 1971 play Le contrat.
 Hot Potato also known as Twist the Tiger's Tail is a 1976 action film written and directed by Oscar Williams. The film was a Fred Weintraub and Paul Heller production starring Jim Kelly. Jim Kelly also arranged his own fight scenes. Hot Potato was filmed on location in Chiang Mai Thailand. It is a follow-up to Black Belt Jones. The film was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.This film came along toward the end of one genre in film and helped mark the beginning of a new genre.
 I Even Met Happy Gypsies is a 1967 Yugoslav film by Serbian director Aleksandar Petrović. Its original Serbian title is Skupljači perja which means The Feather Gatherers. The film is centered around Romani people's life in a village in northern Vojvodina but it also deals with subtler themes such as love ethnic and social relationships. Beside Bekim Fehmiu Olivera Vučo Bata Živojinović and Mija Aleksić film features a cast of Romani actors speaking the Romani language.
 Two Sinners is a 1935 film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Guilty is a 1916 silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Mumbai Express is a 2005 Tamil comedy film directed by Singeetham Sreenivasa Rao and written and produced by Kamal Haasan. It stars Kamal Haasan himself in the lead role alongside Manisha Koirala while Nassar Pasupathy Sharat Saxena and Santhana Bharathi amongst others play pivotal role. The music was composed by Ilayaraaja while Siddharth and Ashmith Kunder handled the cinematography and editing respectively.
 Finding Graceland is a 1998 American film starring Harvey Keitel Johnathon Schaech Bridget Fonda and Gretchen Mol. The film features a character who claims to be an alive-and-well Elvis years after staging his death.
 Marry Me! (alternative title: I Want to Get Married) is a 1949 British comedy film film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Derek Bond Susan Shaw and David Tomlinson.
 Into the Net is a 1924 American film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Thanmathra ( Malayalam: തന്മാത്ര English: Molecule) is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy based on Padmarajan's short story Orma which portrays the effects of Alzheimer's disease on the life of an individual and his family. The film bagged five Kerala state film awards for the Best Film Best Actor Best Director Best Screenplay and a special mention for the debutant actor Arjun Lal.
 Rolling Home is a 1946 American film directed by William Berke.
 Paano Kita Iibigin is a 2007 film starring Piolo Pascual and Regine Velasquez directed by Joyce Bernal. It is their first film opposite each other though the two co-starred in the Ang Iibigin Ko'y Ikaw episode of IBC's defunct weekly drama series Habang May Buhay in 2000 and the Lobo episode of ABS-CBN's ongoing weekly drama series Maalaala Mo Kaya in 2001.Pascual is the main host of ABS-CBN's ASAP 2007 which airs opposite GMA's SOP which Velasquez hosts.
 Back to School with Franklin is the third Franklin movie released direct-to-video and DVD. It has since aired on Noggin and possibly on other networks as well.Cole Caplan takes over for Noah Reid as the voice of Franklin the Turtle ushering in the sixth season of the program which would not make its way to the United States until 2006.
 Your Money or Your Wife is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Anthony Simmons and starring Donald Sinden Peggy Cummins and Richard Wattis.
 Human Target is a 1974 Australian film about a special agent investigating the opium trade.
 Die Gewehre der Frau Carrar is an East German film. It was released in 1953.
 The Old Corral is a 1936 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Irene Manning.
 The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (時をかける少女 Toki o Kakeru Shōjo) is a 2006 Japanese-animated science fiction romance film produced by Madhouse directed by Mamoru Hosoda and written by Satoko Okudera. Released by Kadokawa Herald Pictures the film is a loose sequel to the 1967 novel of the same name by Yasutaka Tsutsui and shares the basic premise of a young girl who gains the power of time travel but with a different story and characters than the novel.
 Life of an Expert Swordsman (Japanese: Aru kengo no shogai 或る剣豪の生涯) is a 1959 samurai film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki and starring Toshiro Mifune. Its story is an adaptation of the Edmond Rostand play Cyrano de Bergerac. The film was released in the English-speaking world with the title Samurai Saga.In the film Mifune plays a samurai named Heihachiro Komaki who is analogous to the Cyrano character.
 Two Guys from Milwaukee (UK title: Royal Flush) is a 1946 comedy film about a Balkan prince who wants to see for himself what America is really like. So he slips away from his entourage in New York and pretends to be an average guy. The movie stars Dennis Morgan Joan Leslie and Jack Carson.Morgan Carson director David Butler and writer I. A. L. Diamond reteamed for the 1948 followup Two Guys from Texas.
 Yolanda and the Thief (Technicolor) is a 1945 MGM musical-comedy film set in a fictional Latin American country and stars Fred Astaire Lucille Bremer Frank Morgan Ludwig Stossel and Mildred Natwick with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Arthur Freed. The film was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Arthur Freed.The film—a long-time pet project of Freed's to promote his lover Bremer's career—fared disastrously at the box office.
 Sudigundalu (English:Whirlpools): is a 1968 Telugu drama film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. The film marked the debut of Nagarjuna Akkineni in a cameo
 A Home of Your Own is a 1964 British comedy film which is a brick-by-brick account of the building a young couple’s dream house. From the day when the site is first selected to the day – several years and children later – when the couple finally move in the story is a noisy but wordless comedy of errors as the incompetent labourers struggle to complete the house.
 While There's Life is a 1913 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton Jean Durrell George Field Robert Grey and Billie West.
 Profit and the Loss is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and Eliot Stannard and starring James Carew Randle Ayrton and Margaret Halstan.
 The Bride with White Hair 2 is a 1993 Hong Kong film directed by David Wu. It is the sequel to The Bride with White Hair with Brigitte Lin and Leslie Cheung reprising their roles as Lian Nichang and Zhuo Yihang. Although the first film is loosely based on Liang Yusheng's Baifa Monü Zhuan this film is almost independent of the novel except for the main characters' names.
 Miss Potter is a 2006 film directed by Chris Noonan. It is a biopic of children's author and illustrator Beatrix Potter and combines stories from her own life with animated sequences featuring characters from her stories such as Peter Rabbit.Scripted by Richard Maltby Jr. the director of the Tony-winning Broadway revue Fosse the film stars Renée Zellweger in the title role; Ewan McGregor as her publisher and fiancé Norman Warne; and Lloyd Owen as solicitor William Heelis.
 Jarrapellejos is a 1988 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Miracle Worker is a 1962 American biographical film directed by Arthur Penn. The screenplay by William Gibson is based on his 1959 play of the same title which originated as a 1957 broadcast of the television anthology series Playhouse 90. Gibson's original source material was The Story of My Life the 1902 autobiography of Helen Keller.The film went to be an instant critical success and a moderate commercial success.
 World of the Dead: The Zombie Diaries 2 is a 2011 British horror film written by Kevin Gates. The film is a sequel to The Zombie Diaries.The film received a limited cinema release in the UK followed by a DVD released on June 27. The film was released at US cinemas on September 2 2011. The leads are played by Alix Wilton Regan Philip Brodie and Vicky Aracio.
 Body Double is a 1984 American thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and starring Craig Wasson Melanie Griffith and Gregg Henry.The original musical score was composed by Pino Donaggio.The film was marketed with the tagline: You can't believe everything you see.
 Clearing the Eye is the first DVD release by the Los Angeles post-metal band Isis. It features live videos (including an entire live performance) the In Fiction music video photo galleries lyrics for all songs featured a complete discography and a 20 page booklet.The DVD was originally to include a full documentary of the band but was removed just prior to its release.
 The Merry Widow is a 1934 film adaptation of the operetta of the same name by Franz Lehár. It was directed and produced by Ernst Lubitsch and starred Maurice Chevalier and Jeanette MacDonald. A French-language version was produced at the same time and released in France the same year as La Veuve joyeuse.
 Tři oříšky pro Popelku (German: Drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel English: Three Nuts for Cinderella Three Gifts for Cinderella [UK title] and Three Wishes for Cinderella) is a Czechoslovak/East German fairy-tale film from 1973.It was directed by Václav Vorlíček in co-production between DEFA-Studio für Spielfilme and Barrandov Studios. The story was based on a fairy tale written by Božena Němcová (a Bohemian variation of the classic Cinderella fairytale).
 Shaun the Sheep is an upcoming British stop-motion animated adventure comedy film produced by Aardman Animations based on the television series of the same name. The film is written and directed by Richard Starzak and Mark Burton. The film is scheduled to be released in the United Kingdom on March 20 2015 by StudioCanal.
 The Cat Who Walked by Herself (Russian: Кошка которая гуляла сама по себе; Koshka kotoraya gulyala sama po sebe) is a 1988 Soviet animated feature film directed by Ideya Garanina and made at the Soyuzmultfilm studio. It is based on Rudyard Kipling's short story The Cat that Walked by Himself. Like the earlier Soviet animated feature Adventures of Mowgli the film retains the dark primal tone of Kipling's work.
 Thirty-Day Princess is a 1934 black-and-white comedy film starring Sylvia Sidney Cary Grant and Edward Arnold. The film was based on a story of the same name by Clarence Budington Kelland (which appeared in Ladies' Home Journal in 1933) adapted by Sam Hellman and Edwin Justus Mayer written by Preston Sturges and Frank Partos and directed by Marion Gering.
 The Invisible Front (German: Die unsichtbare Front) or A submarine spying film or Ein U-Boot-Spionage-Film in German is a German cloak-and-dagger-movie from 1932 directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Trude von Molo Karl Ludwig Diehl Veit Harlan and Paul Hörbiger. The story was written by Robert A. Stemmle Curt Siodmak and Max W.
 Deterrence is a 1999 French/American dramatic film written and directed by Rod Lurie depicting fictional events about nuclear brinkmanship. It marks the feature directorial debut of Lurie who was previously a film critic for the New York Daily News Premiere Magazine Entertainment Weekly and Movieline among others. Kevin Pollak Timothy Hutton Sheryl Lee Ralph and Sean Astin star. The entire story takes place in a single location a diner.
 Holiday Inn is a 1942 American musical film directed by Mark Sandrich and starring Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire. With music by Irving Berlin the film has twelve songs written expressly for the film the most notable being White Christmas. The film features the complete reuse of Easter Parade written by Berlin for the 1933 Broadway revue As Thousands Cheer. The film's choreography was by Danny Dare.
 Burn After Reading is a 2008 black comedy film written produced edited and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars George Clooney John Malkovich Frances McDormand Tilda Swinton and Brad Pitt. It was released in the United States on September 12 2008 and it was released on October 17 2008 in the United Kingdom. The film had its premiere on August 27 2008 when it opened the 2008 Venice Film Festival.
 Deck the Halls is a 2006 Christmas comedy film. Directed by John Whitesell it stars Danny DeVito Matthew Broderick Kristin Davis and Kristin Chenoweth. The film was ultimately a commercial flop and it was critically panned.
 Free Spirit (Spanish: Alma liberada) is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed and written by Edmundo del Solar. The film premiered on 9 July 1951 in Buenos Aires.The film starred Juan Corona María de la Fuente Pilar Gómez Iván Grondona and Josefina Ríos. Director Edmundo del Solar also appeared in the film.
 Stay Away Joe is a 1968 Western-comedy film with musical interludes set in modern times and starring Elvis Presley Burgess Meredith and Joan Blondell. The film was based on the 1953 novel by Dan Cushman a satirical farce. The film reached number 65 on the Variety weekly national box office chart in 1968.
 La Noche y tú (The Night and You) is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Triumph Over Violence (Russian: Obyknovennyy fashizm Обыкновенный фашизм) is a 1965 Soviet film directed by Mikhail Romm. The film is also known as Echo of the Jackboot in the United Kingdom and Trumps Over Violence in the USA. It is mainly in the form of annotated excerpts of archival film in order to describe the rise and fall of fascism and especially the example of Nazi Germany.
 Aftershock: Earthquake in New York is a 1999 four-hour disaster miniseries that was broadcast in the United States on CBS in two parts with the first part aired on November 14 and the second on November 16. It was released to VHS in 2000 and on DVD in 2001. It is based on a book written by Chuck Scarborough. Starring Charles S. Dutton Sharon Lawrence Tom Skerritt Lisa Nicole Carson Jennifer Garner Rachel Ticotin and Frederick Weller.
 Roses Bloom Twice is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a woman's attempts to begin life again.
 Memories of Matsuko (嫌われ松子の一生 Kiraware Matsuko no Isshō Life of despised Matsuko) is a 2006 Japanese film written and directed by Tetsuya Nakashima. It is based on a Japanese novel by Muneki Yamada.It has not yet received North American distribution though in its North American premiere at the 2007 New York Asian Film Festival the film received the Audience Award with an average rating of 9.2
 Ai-Fak (Thai: ไอ้ฟัก) is a 2004 Thai drama film. It is based on the S.E.A. Write Award-winning novel by Chart Korbjitti Khamphiphaksa (The Judgment also the English-language title for the film).
 Joe the Menace (Greek: Greek: Τζο ο τρομερός Tzo o tromeros) is a 1955 Greek comedy film. It was directed by Dinos Dinopoulos and stars Dinos Iliopoulos Margarita Papandreou Hristos Tsaganeas and Nikos Rizos.
 As One (Hangul: 코리아; RR: Koria Korea) is a 2012 South Korean sports drama film starring Ha Ji-won and Bae Doona. It is a cinematic retelling of the first ever post-war Unified Korea sports team which won the gold at the 1991 World Table Tennis Championships in Chiba Japan. Director Moon Hyun-sung used the foundation of true events to tell the story of a team that united a divided nation for the first time in its painful history.
 Double Trouble is a 1915 American silent romantic comedy film written and directed by Christy Cabanne and stars Douglas Fairbanks in his third motion picture. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Herbert Quick. A print of the film is held by the Cohen Media Group.
 Tom Horn is a 1980 western film about the legendary lawman outlaw and gunfighter. It starred Steve McQueen as the title character and was based on Horn's own writings.
 The Deserter (Russian: Дезертир Dyezyertir) is a 1933 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin.
 Beyond the Stars is a 1989 drama film written and directed by David Saperstein and starred Martin Sheen Christian Slater Sharon Stone Olivia d'Abo and F. Murray Abraham.This science fiction drama centers on Eric teenage son of a computer scientist who worked for the Apollo program which sent the first humans to the moon. Eric determined to become an astronaut himself one day befriends Paul Andrews the thirteenth man on the moon.
 The Unafraid is a 1915 drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Extant at George Eastman House.Rita Jolivet completed this film just before boarding the Lusitania on its final voyage.
 Single is an American independent mumblecore comedy film film created by Duck in a Truck Productions and Soapbox Comedy. It stars Wilder Shaw Ezra Edmond Julian Timm Mark Donica and Kristina Plisko. It was directed by Edmond & Shaw and was produced by Edmond. Single was filmed in the summer of 2009 throughout Los Angeles CA. The screenplay was written by Edmond with a story by Edmond and Shaw.
 Dalecarlians (Swedish: Masjävlar) is a 2004 Swedish film starring Sofia Helin. The word masjävlar is a derogatory term for Dalecarlians who are usually known as masar.
 Rock 'n' Roll High School is a 1979 musical comedy film produced by Roger Corman directed by Allan Arkush and starring P. J. Soles Vince Van Patten and Clint Howard. The film featured the punk rock group The Ramones.
 Fatal Deviation is a low-budget cult film produced and set in Trim County Meath Ireland. Produced in 1998 it enjoys the distinction of being Ireland's first full-length martial arts film. The film stars real-life martial arts enthusiast James Bennett. The film was conceived by James Bennett and Peter Crinion. The movie went straight to video without a theatrical release. In 2010 Luke McKinney of Cracked.com labeled the film the worst film ever made.
 The Gravy Train also known as The Dion Brothers is a 1974 film directed by Jack Starrett with a screenplay by Terrence Malick and Bill Kerby. It stars Stacy Keach and Frederic Forrest.
 Journey to the End of the Night is a 2006 independent film directed by Eric Eason starring Brendan Fraser Mos Def Scott Glenn Alice Braga and Catalina Sandino Moreno.
 Getting Acquainted subsequently retitled A Fair Exchange is a 1914 American comedy silent film written and directed by Charles Chaplin starring Chaplin and Mabel Normand and produced by Mack Sennett at Keystone Studios .
 No Exit (also known as Fatal Combat) is a 1995 action film by Damian Lee starring Jeff Wincott and Sven-Ole Thorsen as the leading hero and main villain respectively. It is about deadly martial arts combat and the hero is forced into fights by evil money-men.
 A Warm December is a 1973 film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring him in the lead role as Dr. Matt Younger. It also starred Jamaican actress Esther Anderson as Catherine Matt's love interest. Anderson's role of an African princess won her a NAACP Image Award for Best Actress in 1973. A Warm December is also notable for an appearanceof Letta Mbulu singing Nonqonqo with an African choir written my Miriam Makeba. Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson wrote and conducted the score.
 Item One (Bulgarian: Точка първа) is a 1956 Bulgarian drama film directed by Boyan Danovski. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dragon Fighter is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered on January 4 2003 and was directed by Phillip J. Roth. It stars Dean Cain and Kristine Byers.
 Falling in Love is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Charles Farrell Mary Lawson Diana Napier and Gregory Ratoff.
 Shocking Dark (also known as Terminator II Alienators and Contaminator) is a 1990 Philippine-Italian science fiction film written by Claudio Fragasso and directed by Bruno Mattei.
 A 44-Calibre Mystery is a 1917 American short Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Zombie Strippers is a 2008 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jay Lee starring Robert Englund Jenna Jameson and Tito Ortiz and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The film is loosely based on Eugène Ionesco's classic play Rhinoceros.
 Seasons of Love (known as Love on the Land in Canada) is a four-hour television mini-series based on the acclaimed novel The Earth Abideth by George Dell. The book which was for many years a buried treasure was found by the author’s daughter-in-law and sent to Ohio State Press.
 Codebreaker (2011) original UK title Britain's Greatest Codebreaker is a TV film aired on 21 November 2011 by Channel 4 about the life of Alan Turing. The film had a limited release in the U.S. beginning on 17 October 2012.Ed Stoppard portrayed Turing.
 The Lebanon I Dream Of (Arabic: لبنان اللي بحلم فيه‎ Lbnan yali bihlam fih) is a 2009 film documentary produced and directed by Lebanese director Pierre Dawalibi. The film was published online for people to download and watch for free the main purpose behind it was to spread awareness for Lebanese and send them a wake up call to start making the right decisions. The 45 Minutes film was posted on Youtube on October 2011 and got over 150000 Views
 Nerdcore Rising is a documentary/concert film starring MC Frontalot and other nerdcore hip hop artists such as mc chris Wheelie Cyberman of Optimus Rhyme and MC Lars with contributors from artists such as Weird Al Yankovic Prince Paul and Brian Posehn. The film directed and produced by Negin Farsad was premiered at the 2008 South by Southwest festival in Austin Texas.
 Jackal is Coming (Hangul: 자칼이 온다; hanja: 胡狼來了 also known as Code Name : Jackal or The Jackal is Coming) is a 2012 South Korean action comedy film starring Song Ji-hyo Kim Jaejoong of JYJ and Oh Dal-soo. The film is directed by Bae Hyoung-jun whose work included Too Beautiful to Lie and Once Upon a Time. It was produced by Nomad Films distributed by Lotte Entertainment. It was released on 15 November 2012 and ran for 105 minutes.
 A Generation (Polish: Pokolenie) is a 1955 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It is based on the novel Pokolenie by Bohdan Czeszko who also wrote the script. It was Wajda's first film and the opening installment of what became his Three War Films trilogy set in the Second World War completed by Kanal and Ashes and Diamonds.
 Chanchattam is a Malayalam directed by Thulasidas written by S. N. Swamy and starring Jayaram Urvasi Siddique Jagathi Sreekumar and Adoor Bhavani. The film was a big flop at box office.
 For other meanings see Applejack (disambiguation).Apple Jack or The Legend of Apple Jack is a 2003 American short film directed by Mark Whiting and produced by Tranquility Pictures. The filming was performed on Sable Ranch Canyon Country California. The film was released on DVD in August 2006.
 Ayşecik ve Sihirli Cüceler Rüyalar Ülkesinde (Little Ayşe and the Magic Dwarfs in the Land of Dreams) is a 1971 film by Turkish film director Tunç Başaran an uncredited and very close adaptation by Hamdi Değirmencioğlu of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The film was produced by Özdemir Birsel for Hisar (Citadel) Film.One of the late films of a cycle of nearly forty films featuring Zeynep Değirmencioğlu (b. 1954; ret.
 Faithless is a 1932 American romantic drama film about a spoiled socialite who learns a sharp lesson when she loses all her money during the Great Depression. It stars Tallulah Bankhead and Robert Montgomery. It was based on Mildred Cram's novel Tinfoil (which was the working title).
 Look for a Star (traditional Chinese: 游龍戲鳳; simplified Chinese: 游龙戏凤; pinyin: Yóu lóng xī fèng; Cantonese Yale: Yau lung hei fung) is a 2009 Hong Kong romantic comedy film that was produced and directed by Andrew Lau. Inspired by the relationship between Stanley Ho and his fourth wife Angela Leong the film stars Andy Lau as a millionaire who falls in love with a feisty casino dealer played by Shu Qi.
 Margarita Armando y su padre is a 1939 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica. The film is based a play by Enrique Jardiel Poncela who himself adapted the film for the silver screen. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Mecha Ortiz and Pedro Quartucci.Production design of the film was performed by Ricardo J. Conord.
 Ek Anari Do Khiladi is 1996 Hindi language movie directed by Ravi Raja and starring Raveena Tandon Ramya Balakrishna Sharat Saxena Srividya Devraj Crazy Deepak Rimal .
 Rats in the Ranks is an Australian documentary film released in 1996.The film detailed the last weeks of the 1994 Leichhardt Council Mayoral elections.The filmmakers Bob Connolly and Robin Anderson (later known for Facing the Music and other projects but already well known) were allowed access to the innermost meetings of participants including the serving mayor Larry Hand and his Labor Party opponents.
 Princess Daisy is a 1983 film by Waris Hussein based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Judith Krantz.
 Witch’s Way of Love (original title Un Amour de Sorcière) is a 1997 French fantasy film written directed by René Manzor.
 Ciao is a 2008 gay independent film directed and co-written by Yen Tan starring Adam Neal Smith Alessandro Calza Charles W. Blaum and Ethel Lung.
 Noel's Fantastic Trip (ノエルの不思議な冒険 Noel no Fushigi na Bouken lit. The Marvelous Adventures of Noel) is a 1983 Japanese animated film directed by Tsuneo Maeda and produced by Kazuo Kambe and Iwao Takagi. The film was originally released on both LaserDisc and VHS format in Japan in 1983.
 Man at Sea (Greek: Άνθρωπος στη Θάλασσα translit. Anthropos sti thalassa) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Constantine Giannaris.
 Bait 3D is an Australian-Singaporean 3D horror thriller film directed by Kimble Rendall based on the screenplay by John Kim and Russell Mulcahy. It featured Sharni Vinson Phoebe Tonkin Xavier Samuel Julian McMahon Cariba Heine Alex Russell Lincoln Lewis Alice Parkinson and Dan Wyllie. The film was released on 20 September 2012 in Australia.
 Big Wednesday is a 1978 American coming of age film directed by John Milius.
 Werewolf of London is a 1935 horror/werewolf movie starring Henry Hull and produced by Universal Pictures. Jack Pierce's eerie werewolf make-up was simpler than his version six years later for Lon Chaney Jr. in The Wolf Man.Werewolf of London was the first Hollywood mainstream werewolf movie.
 Swelter is an upcoming 2014 action film starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Josh Henderson and Alfred Molina.
 Hideous Kinky is a 1998 film directed by Gillies MacKinnon based on Esther Freud's 1992 novel of the same name about a young English mother (Kate Winslet) who moves from London to Morocco with her two young daughters. The soundtrack included music by Canned Heat Richie Havens and the Incredible String Band.
 Piece By Piece is a documentary film directed by Nic Hill. The film documents San Francisco's graffiti culture from the early 1980s to 2004. It is narrated by San Francisco graffiti artist Senor One better known as Renos. The San Francisco Bay Guardian's Cheryl Eddy singled the film out as the highlight of the 2006 Hi/Lo film festival calling it an educational experience and a thoughtful document.
 The Return of Don Camillo (Italian:Il ritorno di Don Camillo) is a 1953 French-Italian comedy film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Fernandel Gino Cervi and Édouard Delmont. It was the second of five films featuring Fernandel as the Italian priest Don Camillo and his struggles with Giuseppe 'Peppone' Bottazzi the Communist Mayor of their rural town.
 State Fair is a 1962 American musical film directed by José Ferrer. The film is a remake of the 1933 and 1945 films of the same name. It was considered to be a financially and critically unsuccessful film. It starred Pat Boone Bobby Darin Ann-Margret Tom Ewell Pamela Tiffin and Alice Faye.Richard Rodgers wrote additional songs both music and lyrics for this version.
 Cry Baby Lane (original teaser title: Someone Wants to Meet You) is a 2000 television film that premiered on Nickelodeon on the night of October 28 2000. The film was never aired outside the United States nor dubbed into other languages. It was also never re-aired or released on VHS or any other software media until 2011.
 Naanayam (English: Coin / Integrity (Homophone)) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Shakti S. Rajan. Produced by S. P. B. Charan's Capital Film Works the film stars Prasanna as the protagonist Sibiraj as the antagonist and Ramya Raj who has appeared in the films Sandai and Thee debutante Yasmin and Charan's father singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam in pivotal roles.
 Summer in the Golden Valley (Original title in Bosnian: Ljeto u zlatnoj dolini) is a 2003 Bosnian film by Srđan Vuletić produced by Ademir Kenović. The movie is about a 16 year old boy who has to repay his dead father's debt. In order to collect money his friend and he get involved in Sarajevo's underground crime.
 House of Evil alternately titled Dance of Death is a 1968 horror film directed by Jack Hill. It stars Boris Karloff and Julissa.House of Evil is one of four low-budget Mexican horror films Karloff made in a package deal with Mexican producer Luis Enrique Vergara. The others are The Snake People The Incredible Invasion and The Fear Chamber. Karloff's scenes for all four films were directed by Jack Hill in Los Angeles in the spring of 1968. The films were then completed in Mexico.
 Troop Train was a 1943 short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information.While the film's assumed purpose would be to educate the American public about the role of railroad transportation of military divisions Troop Train takes a more stylistic approach with absolutely no narration and little dialogue. The director uses images to tell the story.
 Ju Dou (Chinese: 菊豆; pinyin: Jú Dòu) is a 1990 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yimou and Yang Fengliang (though it is almost universally considered to be a product of Zhang's vision as director) and starring Gong Li as the title character. It is notable for being shot in vivid Technicolor long after the process had been abandoned in the United States.
 Lokpal is a 2013 Malayalam thriller film directed by Joshiy and written by S. N. Swamy. The film stars Mohanlal and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles while Meera Nandan Manoj K. Jayan Thambi Ramaiah and Saikumar play supporting roles. The soundtrack was composed by Ratheesh Vegha with lyrics by Rafeeq Ahmed. The film released on 31 January 2013.
 OceanWorld 3D is a 2009 documentary by Jean-Jacques Mantello. Documentary 3D which speaks of animal life in the ocean spectacular shows scenes over the ocean. Californian kelp forests the Great Barrier Reef in Australia and Roca Partida Island off the coast of Mexico Which is home to thousands of sharks and marine animals.
 Burnt Wings is a 1916 British silent drama film directed by Walter West and starring Eve Balfour Joseph Tozer and Thomas H. MacDonald. It was adapted from the 1909 novel Burnt Wings by Mrs Stanley Wrench. A woman decides to bring up a baby that her husband has had with his mistress.
 Killing the Chickens to Scare the Monkeys is a 2011 short film directed by Jens Assur. The story is set in the People's Republic of China and consists of nine scenes where national politics and strategy have unforeseen consequences on a young teacher’s life. The first scene of the movie is a 15-minute single take without cuts. The movie was shot in Sweden and Thailand and it was Assur's second short as a director and writer.
 Shaadi Ke Baad is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by L. V. Prasad. The film is a remake of the 1952 Telugu film Pelli Chesi Choodu.
 When Night Falls is a 2007 New Zealand feature film written and directed by Alex Galvin and starring Tania Nolan Rosella Hart Sylvia Rands Kevin Keys and Gerald Bryan. The film was released theatrically in New Zealand on 20 September 2007. It was released in the United States and Canada through E1 Entertainment on 12 January 2010.When Night Falls is a thriller set in 1932 about two nurses trapped in a country mansion with their invalid patient whilst a killer is on the loose in the area.
 Do Badan (English: Two Bodies) is a 1966 Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla and starring Manoj Kumar Asha Parekh Simi Garewal and Pran. The music is by Ravi. The film became a big hit at the box office. This is one of the few films with romance genre in which Manoj Kumar played role as a romantic hero who otherwise mostly acted in patriotic movies.
 Beat the Devil is a 1953 film directed by John Huston. The screenplay was written by Huston and Truman Capote loosely based upon a novel of the same name by British journalist Claud Cockburn writing under the pseudonym James Helvick.
 Hillside Cannibals is a 2006 American horror film directed by Leigh Scott and produced by The Asylum. The film bears some resemblance to The Hills Have Eyes another film released in the same year but its plot also incorporates elements from other films including Cannibal Holocaust The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and House of 1000 Corpses.
 Rendu Rellu Aaru is a 1985 Telugu comedy film directed by Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry and produced by industrialist Kasaraneni Shanthi Kumar.
 The Frog Kingdom (Chinese: 青蛙王国) is a 2013 Chinese animated adventure drama film directed by Nelson Shin.
 The Hidden Fortress (隠し砦の三悪人 Kakushi toride no san akunin literally The Three Villains of the Hidden Fortress) is a 1958 jidaigeki film directed by Akira Kurosawa and starring Toshiro Mifune as General Makabe Rokurōta (真壁 六郎太) and Misa Uehara as Princess Yuki.
 Fatty's Plucky Pup is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. A print of the film survives.
 Gemma Bovery is an upcoming drama film based on the 1999 graphic novel by Posy Simmonds of the same name. The film will be directed by Anne Fontaine and it will star Gemma Arterton Jason Flemyng Mel Raido and Fabrice Luchini.
 The White Sheik is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Jameson Thomas and Warwick Ward. It was based on the novel King's Mate by Rosita Forbes.
 42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career. The film stars Chadwick Boseman as Robinson and Harrison Ford as Branch Rickey. Nicole Beharie Christopher Meloni Andre Holland Lucas Black Hamish Linklater and Ryan Merriman appear in supporting roles. 42 was released in North America on April 12 2013.
 The Red Lanterns (Greek: Τα κόκκινα φανάρια translit. Ta Kokkina fanaria) is a 1963 Greek drama film directed by Vasilis Georgiadis and based on a play by Alekos Galanos. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It was also entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sleep With Me is a 1994 American romantic comedy film directed by Rory Kelly and starring Meg Tilly Eric Stoltz and Craig Sheffer who play good friends that become involved in a love triangle a relationship complicated by the marriage of Tilly's and Stoltz's characters.It also features Parker Posey Joey Lauren Adams and a cameo by Quentin Tarantino in which he expounds on the homoerotic subtext of Top Gun to Todd Field.
 Forbidden Quest (Hangul: 음란서생; RR: Eumranseosaeng) is a 2006 South Korean period drama film about a scholar during the Joseon Dynasty who begins to write erotic novels and becomes the lover of the King's favorite concubine.The film has not been released in Europe or America and is only available on region 3 DVDs since May 27 2006.
 Tight Spot is a 1955 American film noir directed by Phil Karlson and written by William Bowers based on the play Dead Pigeon by Leonard Kantor. It stars Ginger Rogers Edward G. Robinson Brian Keith Lorne Greene and Eve McVeagh. The story was inspired by Senator Estes Kefauver's tactics in coercing Virginia Hill to testify in the Bugsy Siegel prosecution.
 Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum ([aiˈr maˈta meŋˈalɪr di tʃiˈtarum]; Perfected Spelling: Air Mata Mengalir di Citarum; Indonesian for Tears Flow in Citarum) is a 1949 film from what is now Indonesia written and directed by Roestam Sutan Palindih for the Tan & Wong Bros Film Company.
 Pasolini un delitto italiano (Pasolini an Italian Crime) internationally released as Who Killed Pasolini? is a 1995 Italian crime-drama film directed by Marco Tullio Giordana. It depicts of the trial against Pino Pelosi charged with the murder of Pier Paolo Pasolini.The film entered the competition at the 52nd Venice International Film Festival in which Giordana won the President of the Italian Senate's Gold Medal. The film also won the David di Donatello for best editing.
 Sleeping Dogs Lie is a 2005 independent film by writer Chumahan Bowen and director Stuart Lessner starring Rage Against the Machine drummer Brad Wilk and Ed Asner. The film also features Tool lead singer Maynard James Keenan as Deputy Lance.
 La Terra Trema (Italian pronunciation: [la ˈtɛr.ra ˈtrema] The Earth Trembles) is a 1948 Italian dramatic film directed by Luchino Visconti. The movie is loosely adapted from Giovanni Verga's novel I Malavoglia (1881) (The House by the Medlar Tree) for the screen.The picture features as non-credited non-professional actors Antonio Arcidiacono Giuseppe Arcidiacono and many others. It is a docufiction.
 Uruvangal Maralam is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by S.V.Ramanan starring Y. Gee. Mahendra in lead role paired by Suhasini. The film has a galaxy of supporting stars like Sivaji Ganesan Kamal Haasan Rajinikanth and Jaishankar playing different forms of GOD. This movie is literally a remake of the English movie 'Oh God!'.
 Malkoçoğlu Cem Sultan is a Turkish historic action film by Remzi Aydın Jöntürk. It is one of the numerous collaborations between the famous actor Cüneyt Arkın and Jöntürk. The film belongs to the wave of historic films in the Turkish cinema. The film is about the popular comics character of Ayhan Başoğlu Malkoçoğlu.The main character of the film actually has real historical basis as Malkoçoğlu was regarded as one of the loyal Akıncı families of the Ottoman Empire.
 A Ranch Romance is a 1914 silent Western film featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (also known as A Nightmare on Elm Street 6: Freddy's Dead The Final Nightmare) is a 1991 American comedy-horror slasher film and the sixth film in the Nightmare on Elm Street series. As the title suggests it was intended to be the last film in the series and it is the sixth film in the series; however the success of the film prevented the series from ending (much like Friday the 13th parts four and nine).
 Hollow Man is a 2000 American science fiction-thriller-horror film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Kevin Bacon Elisabeth Shue and Josh Brolin. The film is about a scientist who renders himself invisible a story inspired by H. G. Wells' novel The Invisible Man. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Visual Effects in 2001 but lost to Gladiator.
 The Magician is a 1926 horror film directed by Rex Ingram about a magician's efforts to acquire the blood of a maiden for his experiments to create life. It was adapted by Ingram from the novel The Magician by W. Somerset Maugham. It stars Alice Terry Paul Wegener and Iván Petrovich.
 Motel Hell is a 1980 horror comedy film directed by Kevin Connor and starring Rory Calhoun as farmer butcher and meat entrepreneur Vincent Smith. It is often seen as a satire of modern horror films such as Psycho and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.Because of its low budget nature the original intent was to make a serious horror film with moments of disturbing wit and irony.
 Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close is a 2011 American drama film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Jonathan Safran Foer directed by Stephen Daldry and written by Eric Roth. It stars Thomas Horn Tom Hanks Sandra Bullock Max von Sydow Viola Davis John Goodman Jeffrey Wright and Zoe Caldwell.Production took place in New York City. The film had a limited release in the United States on December 25 2011 and a wide release on January 20 2012.
 Ödipussi is a 1988 German comedy film starring as well as written by Loriot and the first of two films that he directed. The title is a pun on the Oedipus complex described by Sigmund Freud and the James Bond film Octopussy.
 Monsieur Pointu is a 1975 animated film about Quebec fiddler Monsieur Pointu the stage name for Paul Cormier. In this 12-and-a-half-minute film Pointu and his violin break into pieces that take on a life of their own dancing to the artist's music. The film was directed by Bernard Longpré and André Leduc and produced by René Jodoin for the National Film Board of Canada.
 subUrbia is a 1997 American comedy-drama film written by Eric Bogosian based on his play of the same name and directed by Richard Linklater. It follows the relationships between a few young adults as they spend their time standing on the corner outside a local convenience store.Bogosian based the story on his own experiences growing up in Woburn Massachusetts a suburb of Boston.
 Underclassman is a 2005 action comedy film directed by Marcos Siega and stars Nick Cannon Shawn Ashmore Roselyn Sánchez Kelly Hu Hugh Bonneville and Cheech Marin. It was released on September 2 2005 had been originally set for a release in 2004.
 Los Últimos Días (also known The Last Days) is a 2013 Spanish sci-fi thriller film directed by David and Àlex Pastor. The film had its world release on March 20 2013 in Barcelona and stars Quim Gutiérrez as a man who must deal with the potential end of all humanity.
 Alexander Nevsky (Russian: Алекса́ндр Не́вский) is a 1938 historical drama film directed by Sergei Eisenstein.
 The Life is a 2004 Canadian TV film directed by Lynne Stopkewich and written by Alan Di Fiore and Chris Haddock.
 This Day's Life (今日のいのち Kyō no inochi) is a 1957 black and white Japanese film drama directed by Tomotaka Tasaka.
 Voice Without a Shadow (影なき声 Kagenaki koe) is a 1958 Japanese mystery film directed by Seijun Suzuki for the Nikkatsu Corporation. It is based on a novel by famed mystery writer Seichō Matsumoto.
 The Makioka Sisters (細雪 Sasame-yuki lit.small snow flakes) is a 1983 drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa based on the serial novel of the same name by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.
 The Bakery Girl of Monceau or The Girl at the Monceau Bakery is a 1963 film by Éric Rohmer. The original French title is La Boulangère de Monceau. The film was the first of Rohmer's Six Moral Tales (Contes moraux) which consisted of 2 shorts and 4 feature films.
 Teeth is a 2007 comedy horror film written and directed by Mitchell Lichtenstein about a teenage girl who has teeth in her vagina. It premiered January 19 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival in the independent drama category. It was released on DVD in the United States on May 6 2007 by Dimension Extreme.
 In the Aisles of the Wild is a 1912 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Lovesick is a 1983 romantic comedy film. It was written and directed by Marshall Brickman. It stars Dudley Moore and Elizabeth McGovern and features Alec Guinness as the ghost of Sigmund Freud.
 Ang Lalaki Sa Buhay Ni Selya (English Title: The Man in Selya's Life) is a controversial 1997 Filipino film about a woman who confronts her own prejudice among the community of intolerant and homophobic gossipers when she chooses between two men.
 Pavithra (1994) (Tamil: பவித்ரா) is a Tamil film directed by K. Subhash under his home banner Dhanooja Films. The film features Raadhika in the lead role with Nassar and Ajith Kumar in supporting roles. The film's music was by A. R. Rahman and lyrics by Vairamuthu. The film opened on November 5 1994 and received critical acclaim.
 Seven (sometimes stylized as Se7en) is a 1995 American detective-psychological thriller film written by Andrew Kevin Walker and directed by David Fincher. The film stars Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman with Gwyneth Paltrow R. Lee Ermey John C.
 Fighting Odds is a 1917 silent film drama produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures and starring stage beauty Maxine Elliott. The film is based on a play Under Sentence by Irvin S. Cobb and Roi Cooper Megrue. The picture was amongst Goldwyn's first productions as an independent producer. It was directed by veteran Allan Dwan and is a surviving film at the Museum of Modern Art New York and Gosfilmofond in Russia.
 Mask of Desire (Nepali: मुकुण्डो; Mukundo) is a 2000 Nepali film directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa. It was Nepal's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Shenandoah is a 1965 American Civil War film starring James Stewart Doug McClure Glenn Corbett Patrick Wayne and in her film debut Katharine Ross. The picture was directed by Andrew V. McLaglen. The cast also includes Rosemary Forsyth in her film debut.
 Malobikar Katha is an upcoming 2014 Bengali film directed by Monojit Kar and Jhuma Paul.
 The Uninvited is a 1944 American supernatural mystery/romance directed by Lewis Allen in his feature film debut. It is based on the Dorothy Macardle novel Uneasy Freehold. The film stars Ray Milland Ruth Hussey and Donald Crisp and introduces Gail Russell.Charles Lang was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Black and White Cinematography at the 17th Academy Awards. Edith Head designed the costumes.
 Ligaya Ang Itawag Mo Sa Akin (They Call Me Joy) is a Philippine movie starring Rosanna Roces and John Arcilla. Produced by Reyna Films and locally released by Star Cinema it is one of the projects by Reyna Films that became a blockbuster. This marks Roces' first appearances after ending her stint as a contract star for Seiko Films.
 The Wind in the Willows is a 1995 British animation film directed by Dave Unwin and written by Ted Walker based on the 1908 novel of the same name a classic of children's literature by Kenneth Grahame. It was produced by the now defunct TVC (Television Cartoons) in London.
 La Nuit porte-jarretelles (English title: The Night Wears Suspenders) is a 1985 French film directed by Virginie Thévenet. The film stars Jezabel Carpi Ariel Genet and Arielle Dombasle.
 The Roly Poly Man is a 1994 Australian feature film.
 Assi Nabbe Poorey Sau (English: Eighty Ninety Complete Hundred) is a forthcoming Hindi romantic film written and directed by Gautham Menon. It features Aditya Roy Kapur and Samantha Ruth Prabhu in the lead roles. It features soundtrack and film score composed by Ilaiyaraja while the cinematography and editing are handled by M. S. Prabhu and Anthony Gonsalves respectively.
 Kaagaz Ke Phool (Hindi: कागज़ के फूल; Urdu: کاغذ کے پھول‎; Kāgaz kē Phūl meaning Paper Flowers) is a 1959 Hindi film produced and directed by Guru Dutt who also played the lead role in the film.The film was a box office disaster in its time but was later resurrected as a world cinema cult classic in the 1980s. The film's music was composed by S. D.
 Rabbit’s Moon is an avant-garde short film by American filmmaker Kenneth Anger. Filmed in 1950 Rabbit's Moon was not completed (nor did it see release) until 1972.
 The Pocket-knife or Het Zakmes is a 1992 Dutch children's film directed by Ben Sombogaart. It was based on Sjoerd Kuyper's novel Het Zakmes.
 Share House (シェアハウス Shea Hausu) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Ichirō Kita.
 Parlami d'amore (English: Talk to Me About Love) is a 2008 Italo-Spanish film directed by Silvio Muccino. The film is based on Muccino's novel of the same name that he co-wrote with Carla Vangelista. The film was nominated for 8 David di Donatello awards. The film was released in Italy on 14 February 2008.
 The Duchess of Langeais is a 2007 French film directed by Jacques Rivette.
 Solla Thudikuthu Manasu is a 1988 Indian Tamil film directed by B. Lenin starring Karthik and newcomer Priyasri in lead roles. The film produced by J. Ravi had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 19 February 1988.
 Anandabhairavi is a 2007 Indian film in Malayalam language by Jayaraaj starring Saikumar and Devdas. Saikumar	won the Kerala state Award for second best actor for this film.
 Quints is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Kimberly J. Brown as the older sister of a set of quintuplets.
 The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is a 1974 American slasher film directed and produced by Tobe Hooper who cowrote it with Kim Henkel. It stars Marilyn Burns Paul A. Partain Edwin Neal Jim Siedow and Gunnar Hansen who respectively portray Sally Hardesty Franklin Hardesty the hitchhiker the proprietor and Leatherface the main antagonist. The film follows a group of friends who fall victim to a family of cannibals while on their way to visit an old homestead.
 My Daughter My Angel (French: Ma fille mon ange) is a 2007 Canadian French language thriller film starring Michel Côté and Karine Vanasse.
 Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp. The film shows the story of an artificial man named Edward an unfinished creation who has scissors for hands. Edward is taken in by a suburban family and falls in love with their teenage daughter Kim.
 Bad Biology is a dark horror comedy film directed and produced by Frank Henenlotter and rapper R.A. the Rugged Man. It stars Charlee Danielson and Anthony Sneed as sexually unfulfilled people who are drawn together because of their mutated genitalia. It was released on DVD in the UK in 2009 and in the US in 2010. Reviews were positive.
 Guns of Darkness is a 1962 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith which stars David Niven Leslie Caron and James Robertson Justice. It is based on the novel Act of Mercy by Francis Clifford (the book was re-entitled Guns of Darkness in its US publication).
 Sabse Bada Khiladi (English: The Biggest Player) is a 1995 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Umesh Mehra and starring Akshay Kumar Mamta Kulkarni Mohnish Behl Gulshan Grover and Sadashiv Amrapurkar. It was the third installment in the Khiladi (film series) of films that had Akshay in the lead after Khiladi and Main Khiladi Tu Anari.
 Hail Mary (French: Je vous salue Marie) is a 1985 French film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard. The film is a modern retelling of the story of a virgin birth. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Accommodations for Marriage (German:Das Gasthaus zur Ehe) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Elga Brink Georg Alexander and Kurt Vespermann. It was based on a novel by Fedor von Zobeltitz. The film premiered in Berlin on 18 March 1926.
 Prathyartha is a 1999 Kannada suspense-thriller film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai featuring Ramesh Aravind Raghuvaran Girish Karnad and Sudeep in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
 Les Indiens sont encore loin is a 1977 Swiss drama film directed by Patricia Moraz.
 The Blue Iguana is a 1988 crime film about a bounty hunter who is blackmailed into stopping the transfer of twenty million dollars from a Mexican tax paradise into the United States. The film was directed by John Lafia and stars Dylan McDermott Jessica Harper Pamela Gidley and James Russo. It was screened out of competition at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cabaret Balkan is a 1998 Serbian film directed by Goran Paskaljević starring Miki Manojlović and Nebojša Glogovac. Its original Serbian language title is Буре барута (Bure baruta) which means Powder Keg. It was released in English speaking countries under the title of Cabaret Balkan with the official reason for the name change being that Kevin Costner had already registered a film project under the title Powder Keg.
 Aag Aur Toofan (English translation - Fire and Storm) is 1975 Bollywood film directed by Tanvir Ahmed and starring Mumtaz Robin Kumar Anwar Hussain.
 Artist is a 2013 Indian Malayalam drama film written and directed by Shyamaprasad. An adaptation of Dreams In Prussian Blue a paperback novel by Paritosh Uttam the film is about two fine arts students both driven by individual ambitions who decide to live together. The film traces the course of their relationship and their progression as artists. It features Fahadh Faasil playing Michael and Ann Augustine as his lover Gayathri.
 A Kingdom For a Horse or Een Koninkrijk voor een huis is a 1949 Dutch comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer.
 The Million Dollar Mystery is a 23-chapter film serial directed by Howell Hansel and starring Florence La Badie and James Cruze.
 Vamps is a 2012 American comedy horror film that reunites Clueless director Amy Heckerling with actors Alicia Silverstone and Wallace Shawn and was released on November 2 2012.
 The Blizzard is a 1923 Swedish drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller starring Einar Hanson Mary Johnson Pauline Brunius and Hugo Björne. The film's original Swedish title is Gunnar Hedes saga which means The story of Gunnar Hede. The narrative revolves a student who tries to save his family's mansion which is facing bankruptcy. The film is loosely based on the Selma Lagerlöf novel The Tale of a Manor.
 Geppo il folle is a 1978 Italian musical-comedy film written directed and starred by Adriano Celentano.
 Women – for America for the World is a 1986 American short documentary film directed by Vivienne Verdon-Roe about women anti-nuclear activists. It won an Academy Award in 1987 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Eternally Yours is a 1939 American United Artists film produced and directed by Tay Garnett with Walter Wanger as executive producer from a screenplay by C. Graham Baker and Gene Towne. It stars Loretta Young and David Niven. Composer Werner Janssen was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music.
 The Mailbox is a 24-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It portrays an old lady whose loneliness is amplified as she daily walks to the mailbox only to find nothing there for her. Her neighbours and the mailman provide some relief but her family doesn't seem to care. The film is available through the Brigham Young University Office of Creative Works on a compilation DVD with other LDS films.
 Morgue Street is a 2012 Italian horror short film directed by Alberto Viavattene and based on Edgar Allan Poe's The Murders in the Rue Morgue. The film gained notoriety when it was banned in Australia by the Australian Classification Board before it could screen at Sydney's A Night of Horror film festival.[1] It has been praised by Jack Ketchum Brian Yuzna and Uwe Boll.
 Confucius (Chinese: 孔子) is a 2010 Chinese biographical drama film written and directed by Hu Mei starring Chow Yun-fat as the titular Chinese philosopher. The film was produced by P.H.
 S.O.S. – En segelsällskapsresa (S.O.S. - A Sailing Conduct Tour) is a Swedish comedy film released in 1988 and directed by Lasse Åberg.
 Eye for Eye is 1918 silent film directed by Albert Capellani. It was produced by Richard A. Rowland and Alla Nazimova and distributed by Metro Pictures. Nazimova is also the star in a production scripted by June Mathis. A trailer is currently held in the Library of Congress and evidence has arisen that a copy may exist in Gosfilmofond in Russia.
 A Royal Affair (Danish: En kongelig affære) is a 2012 historical drama film directed by Nikolaj Arcel starring Mads Mikkelsen Alicia Vikander and Mikkel Følsgaard.
 Eyes of Youth is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Albert Parker and starring Clara Kimball Young. The film was based on a stage play Eyes of Youth performed on Broadway in 1917-18 and starred Marjorie Rambeau. This film also features Rudolph Valentino in a role as a thief/con artist. This film is often credited as the vehicle that led Valentino to be cast in The Four Horseman of the Apocalypse (1921).
 Abby Singer is a 2003 dark comedy film tale that chronicles the life of Curtis Clemins who is torn between the love of his life and accomplishing his dream. It had some film festival screenings in 2003 and again in 2006 (in a revised edition). The film also has several celebrity cameo appearances.The film was named after the second-to-last shot of the day on a film which is called an Abby Singer after Abner E. Abby Singer.
 The Tragedy of Whispering Creek is a 1914 American silent short Western film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney.
 The Baron of Arizona is a 1950 film by Samuel Fuller and starring Vincent Price. Ed Wood was a stunt double in the film.The film concerns a master forger's attempted use of false documents to lay claim to the territory of Arizona late in the 19th century and is based on the case of James Reavis whose scheme came close to success but many of the details are fictionalized in the film.
 Where the West Begins is a 1938 American film directed by J.P. McGowan.
 If Paris Were Told to Us (French: Si Paris nous était conté) is a 1956 French historical film directed and written by Sacha Guitry. The Admissions in France were 2813682 people.
 The Borrowers is a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV special first broadcast in 1973 on NBC. This made for television special is adapted from the 1952 Carnegie Medal-winning first novel of author Mary Norton's The Borrowers series: The Borrowers. The film stars Eddie Albert Tammy Grimes and Judith Anderson and was directed by Walter C. Miller.
 L'Assaut (French: The Assault) is a 2010 French film based on the 1994 hijacking of Air France Flight 8969 by Algerian Islamic fundamentalist terrorists and the raid to free the hostages by the GIGN the elite counter-terrorism paramilitary unit of the French National Gendarmerie.
 Rejs known in English as The Cruise (or The Trip Down the River) is a Polish comedy film released in 1970 directed by Marek Piwowski who also co-wrote the screenplay with Janusz Głowacki. The score was composed by Wojciech Kilar. Rejs is considered as a masterpiece by many and as the earliest cult film in Polish cinema.
 Tevye (1939) is an American film adaptation of Sholem Aleichem's story of the same name also known as Tevya Tevye der Milchiker or Tevye the Milkman.
 Suburban Madness is an American crime drama television film based on a true story starring Sela Ward as PI Bobbi Bacha of Blue Moon Investigations.Suburban Madness is very loosely based on the true story of 44-year-old Clara Harris a successful Texas dentist and mother of young twins who hired private investigator Bobbi Bacha played by actress Sela Ward to spy on her philandering orthodontist husband.
 Amanecer (English: Daybreak) is a 2009 short film written and directed by Alvaro D. Ruiz produced by Luci Temple and Janet Duncan of Luneta Productions and Ulysses Oliver of Marshmallow Productions. It is a Spanish-language drama set in Sydney Australia.Amanecer was one of four projects competitively selected for the 2008 Multicultural Mentorship Scheme a Metro Screen and NSWFTO joint initiative. Australian actor and producer Claudia Karvan was the project’s mentor.
 Moscow Chill is a 2007 thriller film co-written and directed by Chris Solimine.
 The Embezzler is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost.
 Disputas en la cama is a 1972 Argentine film.
 Cholo Let's Go is a 2008 Indian movie in Bengali starring Ritwick Chakrabarty Rudraneel Ghosh Saswata Chatterjee and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt.
 The Black Rainbow (Hungarian: A fekete szivárvány) is a 1916 Austro-Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Totsugu hi made (嫁ぐ日まで  Wedding Day) is a 1940 drama/romance film directed by Yasujirō Shimazu.
 La vía de oro is a 1931 Argentine film directed by Edmo Cominetti and produced and written by Arturo S. Mom.
 Eddie and the Cruisers II: Eddie Lives! is the 1989 sequel to the 1983 cult classic Eddie and the Cruisers and despite being a failure at the box office has since joined its predecessor as a cult favorite. It is directed by Jean-Claude Lord and based on literary characters created by author P. F. Kluge. Michael Paré and Matthew Laurance reprise their roles as Eddie Wilson and Sal Amato respectively. The film is marketed with the tagline The legend. The music.
 Spaced Invaders is a 1990 science fiction comedy directed by Patrick Read Johnson and starring Douglas Barr Royal Dano and Ariana Richards.
 Meltdown: Days of Destruction is a 2006 TV film. It primarily concerns social breakdown combat and personal relationships during a heat wave of 110-140 degrees Fahrenheit.
 The White Wall (Swedish: Den vita väggen) is a 1975 Swedish drama film written and directed by Stig Björkman. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where Harriet Andersson won the award for Best Actress.
 Act of Piracy is a 1990 American thriller film directed by John Cardos and starring Gary Busey Belinda Bauer and Ray Sharkey. While enjoying an exotic cruise to Australia a family yacht is taken over by terrorists. It is also known as Barracuda.
 Sudhinam is a 1994 Malayalam film written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by Nizar.
 Roadflower also known as Road Flower or The Road Killers is a 1994 American suspense thriller starring Christopher Lambert Joseph Gordon-Levitt David Arquette Josh Brolin Christopher McDonald John Pyper-Ferguson and Adrienne Shelly.The movie follows the story of Ping (Christopher) and his friends and family going for a short country trip. Along the way they are harrased by gangs of murders led by maniac Cliff (Sheffer).
 Wet Dreams (Hangul: 몽정기; RR: Mongjeongki) is a 2002 South Korean film. Inspired partly by American gross-out comedies like American Pie it follows the sexual misadventures of four boys through middle and high school. While American Pie had been a flop in Korea Wet Dreams was a surprise box office hit and spawned a sequel Wet Dreams 2.
 Land Gold Women is a 2011 English-language film written and directed by Avantika Hari a graduate of the London Film School. The film is produced by Mumbai based Vivek Agrawal. It is the first film in English that deals with the issue of honor killings. The film won India’s National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English for Director Avantika Hari and Producer Vivek Agrawal. The award was presented by the President of India Mrs.
 Dr. Moreau's House of Pain is a 2004 film directed by Charles Band.
 Anbu Thozhi (English: Lady Love) is a 2007 film based on a love triangle between an aspiring musician an immigrant from Sri Lanka and a Tamil Militant leader. The movie is directed by L. G. Ravichandran and music was scored by J.K Selva.
 This article is about the 2006 film. For the novel see The Slippery Slope. For the concept see Slippery slope.Slippery Slope is a 2006 independent film starring Tony Award-winning actor Dan Fogler.
 A Place to Live is a 1941 documentary film directed by Irving Lerner and produced by the Philadelphia Housing Association a nonprofit affordable housing advocacy group. The film was designed to call attention to inner city squalor in Philadelphia Pennsylvania by focusing on a child’s journey from school to his family’s cramped and squalid apartment in a rat-infested slum neighborhood.A Place to Live was nominated for the 1941 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.
 Jait Re Jait (English: Win Win) is 1977 Indian Marathi language film directed by Dr. Jabbar Patel and produced by Usha Mangeshkar and Hridaynath Mangeshkar under the banner Mahalakshmi Chitra. The film stars Mohan Agashe and Smita Patil in lead roles. The film won President's Silver Medal for Best Feature Film in Marathi at National Film Awards.It is considered to be one of the greatest musical hits of all time in Marathi cinema.[citation needed] It is based on a book by G. N. Dandekar.
 The Open Doors is a short British film based on a short story 'The Open Window' by Saki (H. H. Munro).
 The Filmstaar is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Sanjeev Raj. Kalabhavan Mani and Dileep play lead roles while Muktha and Rambha play supporting roles in the film. The film deals with the relationship between a film star and a villager. The film focusses on certain individuals and related issues and moves beyond the limited issues of glamour world.
 Pretty Boy Floyd is a 1960 biographical film based on the career of the notorious 1930s outlaw Charles Arthur Pretty Boy Floyd. The film was an independent production written and directed by Herbert J. Leder and produced by Monroe Sachson. The role of Pretty Boy Floyd was played by John Ericson and the rest of the cast included Barry Newman Joan Harvey Carl York Phil Kenneally and a young Peter Falk in a minor role.
 Dossier 51 (French: Le Dossier 51) is a novel by Gilles Perrault. In 1978 it was made into a French film directed by Michel Deville. Deville and Perrault won a César Award for Best Writing for their adaptation. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Penance known in Japanese as Shokuzai (贖罪) is a Japanese television drama miniseries that started airing on WOWOW on January 2012. It is based on a novel of the same name by Kanae Minato and directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa.
 La Bestia humana is a 1957 Argentine film whose story is based on the novel La Bête Humaine by the French writer Émile Zola.
 Night Alone is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Emlyn Williams Leonora Corbett and Lesley Brook. It was based on a play by Jeffrey Dell.
 Lost Flight is a 1969 dramatic film written and produced for television based on producer Frank Price's unsuccessful 1966 TV pilot Stranded but had a brief theatrical release in Australia in 1970 and 1971 in a limited New York showing. The plot resembles that of later disaster genre films and approximates an adult version of Lord of the Flies.
 Zugverkehr unregelmäßig is an East German film. It was released in 1951.
 Yoga (a.k.a. Yoga Hakwon Yoya School Yoga Academy Yoga Class Yoga Institute) is a 2009 South Korean horror film directed by Yoon Jae-yeon.
 Tourments English: Agonies is a French drama film from 1954 directed by Jacques Daniel-Norman written by Jacques Daniel-Norman starring Paul Azaïs and Louis de Funès.
 Murder by Invitation is a 1941 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Little Sister is a 2010 American family-drama written and directed by Richard Bowen. The film is distributed by the independent film company Goalpost Productions and the film's title was presented at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. The film stars Brenda Song and mainly features a Chinese cast. In addition was shot in Yunnan Province China.
 Love at Large is a 1990 American romance and mystery film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Tom Berenger Elizabeth Perkins and Anne Archer.
 Benny's Bathtub (Original title: Bennys badekar) is a 1971 Danish animated film directed by Jannik Hastrup and Flemming Quist Møller. The film relates the story of a boy who flees the boring world of adults into a magical land in the bottom of his bathtub. The film featured the voices and songs of Peter Belli Otto Brandenburg and Poul Dissing as well as the jazz music of Kenny Drew and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.
 Polytechnique is a 2009 Canadian film from Quebec written by Jacques Davidts and Denis Villeneuve and directed by Denis Villeneuve. Set in Montreal Quebec and based on the École Polytechnique massacre (also known as the Montreal Massacre) the film documents the events of December 6 1989 through the eyes of two students who witness a gunman murder fourteen young women. The film was released on February 6 2009 in Quebec and on March 20 2009 in Toronto Vancouver and Calgary.
 Tan de repente (Suddenly) is a 2002 Argentine and Dutch black-and-white comedy drama film directed by Diego Lerman and written by Lerman María Meira and Eloisa Solaas based on the novel La prueba written by César Aira. The drama features Tatiana Saphir Carla Crespo Veronica Hassan among others.A young naive clerk at a lingerie store learns about love and her own identity.
 Demonicus is a 2001 horror film from Full Moon Entertainment. The film was directed by Jay Woelfel from a script by Tim Sullivan & Jay Woelfel and starred Gregory Lee Kenyon Venesa Talor Brannon Gould Kyle Tracy Jennifer Capo Allen Nabors Candace Kroslak Dominic Joseph and Val Perez.
 The NeverEnding Story III: Escape from Fantasia (also known as: The NeverEnding Story III: Return to Fantasia) is a 1994 film and the second sequel to the fantasy film The NeverEnding Story (following the first sequel The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter). It starred Jason James Richter as the principal character Bastian Bux and Jack Black in one of his early roles as the protagonist's tormentor the school bully Slip.
 The Phantom Rider (1946) is a Republic Movie serial. It was later re-released under the new title Ghost Riders of the West.
 Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed (released as Ginger Snaps II: Unleashed on DVD) is a 2004 Canadian horror sequel to Ginger Snaps and the second entry in the Ginger Snaps trilogy written by Megan Martin and directed by Brett Sullivan. A prequel Ginger Snaps Back: The Beginning was filmed back-to-back with Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed and was released in 2004.
 Soggadu (Telugu: సోగ్గాడు) is a 1976 blockbuster Telugu drama film directed by K. Bapaiah. It was remade as Dildaar in Hindi in 1977 starring Jeetendra and Rekha.
 Dos almas en el mundo (Two Souls in the World) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Man to Man (1930) is an all-talking drama film produced by Warner Bros. in 1930. The film was directed by Allan Dwan and stars Phillips Holmes. The film is based on the story Barber John's Boy written by Ben Ames Williams.
 Pattam Pole (English: Like a Kite) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic film scripted by Girish Kumar directed by renowned cinematographer Alagappan who makes his directorial debut and produced by Karunakaran under the banner of Carlton Films. The film tracks the relationship between a Brahmin youth Karthik and a Christian girl Riya. Dulquer Salmaan plays the role of Karthik and new face Malavika Mohan daughter of Bollywood cinematographer K. U. Mohanan appears as Riya.
 At War in the Diamond Fields (German: Im Kampf um Diamantenfelder) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Hans Schomburgk and starring Oskar Marion Meg Gehrts-Schomburgk and Willy Kaiser-Heyl. It premiered on 13 August 1921.
 You Can't Stop the Murders is a 2003 Australian comedy film directed by Anthony Mir and written by and starring Mir Gary Eck and Akmal Saleh. The plot revolves around a series of Village People-themed murders in a small town and the police who investigate the crimes. The title is a satirical reference to the 1980 film Can't Stop the Music in which the Village People star.Eck and Saleh play two police constables in a rural village 'Gary' and 'Akmal' who lead fairly unremarkable lives.
 The Buzzard's Shadow is a 1915 American silent military drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts starring Harold Lockwood and May Allison. The film was shot in San Diego at the San Diego Military Reservation.
 Meglio di ieri is a 1952 Italian documentary film.
 Black Cadillac is a 2003 American thriller/horror film directed by John Murlowski and written by Murlowski and Will Aldis. The film stars Shane Johnson Josh Hammond Jason Dohring and Randy Quaid.
 Star Odyssey (Italian: Sette uomini d'oro nello spazio / Seven Gold Men in Space) is a 1978 Italian film directed by Alfonso Brescia.The film is also known as Space Odyssey Metallica and Captive Planet in other video markets.
 Madame Aema 11 (애마부인 11 - Aema Buin 11) is a 1995 South Korean film directed by Joe Moung-hwa. It was the eleventh and final entry in the Madame Aema series the longest-running film series in Korean cinema.
 Punjab Bolda is a Punjabi film starring Sarbjit Cheema Anisha Pooja (Miss India Switzerland 2012 Runner Up).Music for the film will be given by Prince Ghuman .Arif Lohar & Lehmber Hussainpuri are playback singers along with Sarbjit Cheema.
 The Edge of Heaven (international English title) (original title German: Auf der anderen Seite Turkish: Yaşamın Kıyısında) is a 2007 Turkish-German drama written and directed by Fatih Akın. The film won the Prix du scénario at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival was Germany's entry in the category Best Foreign Language Film at the 2007 Oscars but was not nominated.After making its worldwide debut at the Cannes Film Festival in France the film was shown at several international film festivals.
 Les hommes préfèrent les grosses (English: Men Prefer Fat Girls) is a French comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré. It was released in 1981 adapted from a script by Josiane Balasko.
 El Topo (English translation: The Mole) is a 1970 American-Mexican western film written and directed by and starring Alejandro Jodorowsky. Characterized by its bizarre characters and occurrences use of maimed and dwarf performers and heavy doses of Christian symbolism and Eastern philosophy the film is about the eponymous character – a violent black-clad gunfighter – and his quest for enlightenment.
 Hail the New Puritan is a fictionalized documentary about the Scottish dancer and choreographer Michael Clark. It was directed by Charles Atlas. Production design is by Leigh Bowery who also appears. Much of the music is by The Fall and Mark E. Smith and Brix Smith appear in a mock interview with Clark.
 A Place to Call Home or Yu nu qin qing is a 1970 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers drama film directed by Wu Jiaxiang.
 Pane burro e marmellata is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Enrico Montesano.
 Radio is a 2013 Malayalam–language drama film directed by Umer Mohammed and starring Iniya Sarayu Nishan and Sreejith Vijay in pivotal roles. The film was produced by S. C. Pillai whose previous production Passenger was a critical and commercial success.
 In a Lonely Place is a 1950 film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Humphrey Bogart and Gloria Grahame produced for Bogart's Santana Productions. The script was adapted by Edmund North from the 1947 novel In a Lonely Place by Dorothy B. Hughes.Bogart stars in the film as Dixon Steele a cynical screenwriter suspected of murder. Grahame co-stars as Laurel Gray a neighbor who falls under his spell.
 My Afternoons with Margueritte (French: La Tête en friche) is a 2010 French film directed by Jean Becker based on the book of the same name by Marie-Sabine Roger. It stars Gérard Depardieu Gisèle Casadesus Claire Maurier Maurane François-Xavier Demaison. The film tells the story of an illiterate man who bonds with an older and well-read woman.
 There Goes the Neighborhood released as Paydirt in most foreign countries is a 1992 comedy film. The film tells a story of a dying prisoner who whispers the location of his loot to the facility's psychologist Willis Embry (Jeff Daniels) who heads to the New Jersey suburbs to find it.
 Man in the Vault is a 1956 film noir about a locksmith played by William Campbell who is forced to help gangsters commit a robbery. It was based on the novel The Lock and the Key by Frank Gruber.
 Traffic Signal is a Bollywood film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar starring Kunal Khemu Neetu Chandra Ranvir Shorey and Konkona Sen Sharma in the lead. Produced by Baldev and Kavita Pushkarna and written by Sachin Yardi the film released on 2 February 2007. Bhandarkar won National Film Awards in 2007 as Best Director for this film and Anil Moti Ram Palande the first National Film Award for Best Make-up Artist.
 La criada bien criada (The Well-Bred Maid) is a 1972 Mexican comedy film based on the television series of the same name. It was directed by Fernando Cortés and stars María Victoria.
 To Age or Not to Age is a documentary film directed by Robert Kane Pappas with Steven N. Austad Ph.D. Rev. Nicanor Pier Giorgio Austriaco O.P. Ph.D. Nir Barzilai M.D. Troy Duster Aubrey de Grey Leonard P. Guarente Cynthia Kenyon Tom Kirkwood Gordon Lithgow Ph.D. David Sinclair and Christoph Westphal. The screenwriter was Robert Kane Pappas. The movie was produced by Miriam Foley and Joseph Zock.
 Charlie Chan at Treasure Island is a 1939 American film directed by Norman Foster starring Sidney Toler as the fictional Chinese-American detective Charlie Chan that takes place on Treasure Island during San Francisco's Golden Gate International Exposition.
 Drug War (Du zhan 毒戰) is a Chinese-Hong Kong film directed and produced by Johnnie To. The film stars Sun Honglei as police captain Zhang who partners with a drug lord named Timmy Choi (Louis Koo) after he is arrested. To avoid the death penalty Choi agrees to reveal information about his partners who operate a methamphetamine ring.
 The Thirteenth Tale is a British drama television film that first broadcast on BBC Two on 30 December 2013. It is an adaptation of Diane Setterfield's gothic novel The Thirteenth Tale.
 The Worst of Faces of Death is a direct-to-video compilation of highlights from the first three Faces of Death films. The parachutist landing in the alligator pit as well as the slaughterhouse footage the shootout in front of the pharmacy and monkey brain eating sequence are lifted whole from the earlier films. In between there are brief introductory scenes featuring James B. Schwartz as Dr. Louis Flellis.Flellis explains that his friend and mentor Dr Francis B.
 The Cave of the Silken Web (Chinese: 盤絲洞) is a 1967 film directed by Ho Meng Hua and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio in Hong Kong. The film is based on an episode of the novel Journey to the West.The film is the third of a series of four films based on Journey To The West. The others are Monkey Goes West (1966) Princess Iron Fan (1966) and The Land of Many Perfumes (1968).
 Cinema Paithiyam is a 1975 Tamil language film starring Jayachitra and Kamal Haasan in the lead roles. It is a remake of the Hindi hit film Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Guddi (1971) which made Jaya Bhaduri a star.It is a story about a girl Jayachitra who worships a film star played by Jaishankar.
 Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel The Deer and the Cauldron. The film is a sequel to Royal Tramp which was released earlier in the same year.
 Margam (Malayalam: മാര്‍ഗം meaning: the path) is a 2003 Malayalam film co-written directed and produced by Rajiv Vijayaraghavan and starring Nedumudi Venu Meera Krishna and Shobha Mohan. It won seven Kerala State Film Awards and one National Film Award.
 Blade Babji is a Telugu comedy movie released on 24 October 2008 under the banner of Satya Movies. Its star cast included Allari Naresh Sayali Bhagat Venu Madhav Srinivasa Reddy Krishna Bhagavan Dharmavarapu Kondavalasa Jaya Prakash Reddy Melkote Brahmanandam Khuyyum Ruthika Kausha Hema & Apoorva. It was produced by Muthyala Satya Kumar and directed by Devi Prasad. It fared reasonably well with people considering it to be a hit movie.
 My Mother Likes Women (Spanish: A mi madre le gustan las mujeres) is a 2002 Spanish comedy film directed by Inés París and Daniela Fejerman. The theme song of the same title was done by Andy Chango and Ariel Rot a video of which appears on the DVD release of the film.
 The Sun Has Ears (Chinese: 太陽有耳; pinyin: Taiyang you er) is a 1996 Hong Kong drama film directed by Yim Ho. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival where Yim Ho won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Gallipoli is a 1981 Australian film directed by Peter Weir and starring Mel Gibson and Mark Lee about several young men from rural Western Australia who enlist in the Australian Army during the First World War. They are sent to the peninsula of Gallipoli in the Ottoman Empire (in modern-day Turkey) where they take part in the Gallipoli Campaign. During the course of the movie the young men slowly lose their innocence about the purpose of war.
 Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines (also known as Wrong Turn 5) is a 2012 American horror film and the fifth installment in the Wrong Turn film series. The film serves as a second prequel and sequel to Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 23 2012.
 Dada Sahib is a 2000 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Vinayan and starring Mammootty in the dual title roles. He played the roles of Dada Sahib an old freedom fighter and Abubacker an army man and patriot.Dada Sahib became a super hit after Narasimham Thenkasippattanam . Mammootty got critical acclaim for the Performance of Dada Sahib.
 Smash & Grab: The Story of the Pink Panthers is a 2013 documentary by Havana Marking based upon the international jewel thief network called the Pink Panthers. The movie had a limited release on Jul 31 2013 and had a wider release in the United Kingdom on September 27 2013.
 Tomie: Replay (富江 replay) is a 2000 Japanese horror film directed by Fujirō Mitsuishi. It is the third installment of the Tomie film series based on a manga of the same name by Junji Ito specifically the Basement chapter.
 Jurmana is a 1979 Hindi film. It was produced by Debesh Gosh and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Raakhee Vinod Mehra Shreeram Lagoo A. K. Hangal Asrani Farida Jalal Keshto Mukherjee and Asit Sen. The lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi and the music was composed by R. D. Burman.
 A Small Circle of Friends is a film released in 1980 by United Artists starring Brad Davis Karen Allen Shelley Long Jameson Parker Peter Mark and an uncredited Craig Richard Nelson who played Bell in The Paper Chase another film set at Harvard. The film follows the life of three students (Davis Allen Parker) at Harvard University in the 1960s.
 Fatal Bond is a 1992 Australian 'B' grade and thriller film directed by Vince Monton starring Linda Blair and Jerome Ehlers. It was filmed in the Northern Beaches area of Sydney Australia including Narrabeen Caravan Park.
 Bill and Coo is a 1948 film directed by Dean Riesner filmed in Trucolor and conceived to showcase George Burton's trained birds (Burton's Birds). The 61-minute live-action film stars many types of birds including budgies commonly known in the US as parakeets) and lovebirds. The film also features other trained animals including cats dogs and a crow.
 Angels Die Hard is a 1970 biker movie. It was the first film distributed by New World Pictures. Half the budget was provided by Roger Corman.
 Insanitarium is a 2008 psychological horror film starring Jesse Metcalfe Kiele Sanchez Kevin Sussman Olivia Munn Carla Gallo and Peter Stormare. The film is directed by Jeff Buhler.
 Passion (Hungarian: Szenvedély) is a 1998 Hungarian drama film directed by György Fehér. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain.
 Witless Protection is a 2008 comedy film from Lionsgate starring Daniel Lawrence Whitney better known as Larry the Cable Guy and Jenny McCarthy written and directed by Chicago native Charles Robert Carner. Whitney plays Larry Stalder a small-town deputy in Mississippi. Many parts of the film were filmed in Plano Illinois and Virgil Illinois (train depot farms gas station and a few downtown restaurants).
 The Great Bookie Robbery was a crime committed in Melbourne Australia on 21 April 1976.A well-organized gang of six stole what is widely believed to be from $14 to $16 million (2011:$88 million) from bookmakers in the Victoria Club home of the Australian Jockey Club (AJC) which was located on the second floor of a building in Queen Street Melbourne.
 The Snowdrop Festival (Czech: Slavnosti sněženek) is a 1984 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel based on the book by Bohumil Hrabal who plays a small part in the film. The film is about the lives hobbies and relationships of people living in a holiday village.
 The Big Boodle is a 1957 film starring Errol Flynn set in Cuba.
 La Résidence Ylang Ylang is a 2008 film.
 Wake Up India is a 2013 Hindi political Drama film written & directed by Babloo Seshadri. Wake Up India is produced by Shree Balajee Entertainment in association with Kanishka Films. Starring Sai Tamhankar Manoj joshi Mukesh Tiwari Mohan Joshi Asrani. The film is set to release on 25 Oct 2013. The Times of India stated that the issues raised here are valid but the execution is immature and gave the film one and a half stars.
 Dhanwan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Tate's Voyage or De Trip van Teetje is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Paula van der Oest.
 This untitled Telugu film is directed by V. V. Vinayak. Produced by Bellamkonda Suresh on his banner Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions the film marks the debut of his son Bellamkonda Sai Sreenivas as a Hero with Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Prakash Raj playing important roles. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music for this film while Chota K. Naidu and Gautham Raju handled the Cinematography and Editing of the film respectively. The film was officially launched on February 15 2013 at Hyderabad.
 The Invisible Man Returns is a 1940 American horror science fiction film from Universal. It was written as a sequel to the 1933 film The Invisible Man which was based on the novel The Invisible Man by H. G. Wells. The studio had signed a multi-picture contract with Wells and they were hoping that this film would do as well as the first.
 Boardinghouse (aka Boarding House or Housegeist or Bad Force) is a 1982 horror film written directed and starring John Wintergate.
 Hamlet is a 1948 British film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Hamlet adapted and directed by and starring Sir Laurence Olivier. Hamlet was Olivier's second film as director and also the second of the three Shakespeare films that he directed (the 1936 As You Like It had starred Olivier but had been directed by Paul Czinner). Hamlet was the first British film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture. It is also the first sound film of the play in English.
 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg. It is the second installment in the Indiana Jones franchise and a prequel to 1981 film Raiders of the Lost Ark. After arriving in India Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone.
 The Catacombs (Czech: Katakomby) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1940.
 Adam is a 1991 6-minute clay animated short film written animated and directed by Peter Lord of Aardman Animations. It was nominated for an Academy Award for best short film and won the equivalent award at BAFTA in 1992 as well as the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in 1993. It is based on the beginning of the Book of Genesis. It was distributed by Aardman Animations.
 It Started in Paradise is a 1952 British drama film directed by Compton Bennett and starring Jane Hylton Martita Hunt and Muriel Pavlow. Set in the world of haute couture the film was squarely aimed at female audiences.
 Dinosaur Island is a 2002 animated film from DiC Entertainment directed by Will Meugniot. Considered a family oriented picture it is a unique adaptation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's 1912 novel The Lost World by animated movie veteran John Loy. The movie stands apart as the only attempt to adapt The Lost World in an animated format combined with the popular reality-series format.
 The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (German: Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari) is a 1920 German silent horror film directed by Robert Wiene from a screenplay by Hans Janowitz and Carl Mayer. It is one of the most influential films of the German Expressionist movement and is often considered to be one of the greatest horror films of the silent era in film.The film used stylized sets with abstract jagged buildings painted on canvas backdrops and flats.
 Dil Apna Punjabi (English: Our Heart is Punjabi) is a Punjabi feature film. It is also the first Punjabi Film to be produced by any Bollywood Production house i.e. Tips It was released on 3 September 2006. It stars Harbhajan Mann Neeru Bajwa and Dara Singh. Tips Films maiden Punjabi venture Dil Apna Punjabi produced by Kumar S. Taurani & Ramesh S. Taurani written & directed by Manmohan Singh.
 Manhattan Parade is a 1931 musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was originally intended to be released in the United States early in 1931 but was shelved due to public apathy towards musicals. Despite waiting a number of months the public proved obstinate and the Warner Bros. reluctantly released the film in December 1931 after removing all the music.
 Everybody Says I'm Fine! is an Indian film released on 12 September 2001 at the Toronto Film Festival. It marks the directorial debut of Indian actor Rahul Bose. For his work on Everybody Says I'm Fine! Bose won the runner-up John Schlesinger Award for best directorial debut at the 2003 Palm Springs International Film Festival.
 Le Masque de fer was a French film directed by Henri Decoin released in 1962 and inspired by the story of The Man in the Iron Mask as well as the novels by Alexandre Dumas: The Three Musketeers and Le Vicomte de Bragelonne.
 Vijftig jaren is a 1948 Dutch film directed by Ernst Winar.
 Tamanna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Gonks Go Beat is a 1965 British science fiction / musical fantasy film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis. It stars Kenneth Connor and Frank Thornton. Gonks Go Beat is loosely based on the Romeo and Juliet storyline and features 16 musical numbers performed by a variety of artists including Lulu The Nashville Teens and somewhat incongruously members of the Graham Bond Organisation including Ginger Baker Jack Bruce and Dick Heckstall-Smith.
 The Joke (Czech: Zert) is a 1969 Czechoslovakian film by director Jaromil Jireš. It is considered one of the last films of the Czech New Wave movement.Based on Milan Kundera's novel of the same name The Joke tells the story of Ludvik Jahn a man expelled from the Czechoslovakian Communist Party for an idle joke to his girlfriend and the revenge he later seeks through adultery.
 Tow Truck Pluck (Dutch: Pluk van de Petteflet) is a 2004 Dutch family film based on Pluk van de Petteflet a book by Annie M.G. Schmidt.The film received a Golden Film (100000 visitors) in 2004 and a Platinum Film (400000 visitors) in 2005.
 Armour of God (Chinese: 龍兄虎弟) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Alan Tam Lola Forner and Rosamund Kwan.The film features Chan's kung fu comedy and stunts with an Indiana Jones-style theme. Chan came the closest he has ever been to death in this film during a relatively routine stunt; he leaped onto a tree from a ledge but the branch he grabbed snapped sending Chan plummeting and cracking his skull.
 Rush Hour 2 is a 2001 martial arts buddy action comedy film. This is the second installment in the Rush Hour series. A sequel to the 1998 film Rush Hour the film stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker who respectively reprise their roles as Inspector Lee and Detective Carter.
 Funland is a 1987 dark comedy film written by Bonnie Turner creator of That 70's Show and Third Rock from the Sun. It was filmed at a Six Flags outside Austell Georgia.
 Eternal City is a 2008 USA romantic comedy film directed by Jason Goodman.
 Nishkarsha (Kannada: ನಿಷ್ಕರ್ಷ) is a 1993 Kannada film by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Vishnuvardhan Anant Nag B.C.Patil.
 Commandos Strike at Dawn is a 1942 war film directed by John Farrow and written by Irwin Shaw from a story by C.S. Forester starring Paul Muni Anna Lee Lillian Gish Sir Cedric Hardwicke and Robert Coote.
 Seven and a Half (Serbian: Sedam i po Serbian Cyrillic: Седам и по) is a Serbian dark comedy film directed by Miroslav Momčilović. It was released in 2006.
 The Legend of Lizzie Borden is a 1975 American television movie. It premiered on ABC on February 10 1975. The film starred Elizabeth Montgomery in the title role along with Katherine Helmond Fritz Weaver and Hayden Rorke.
 Bhavni Bhavai (Tale of the Life in English) is a 1980 Gujarati film directed by Ketan Mehta. Mehta's debut film is a successful adaptation of folk idioms into cinema. The film is dedicated to Bertolt Brecht Goscinny and to the inventor of the Bhavai Asait Thakore who was a Brahmin outcast and lived among the lower caste communities. His descendants the Targalas are the traditional Gujarati performers of the plays he wrote.
 The Three Musketeers is a 2011 3D adventure film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson based on the novel of the same title by Alexandre Dumas. The film stars Matthew Macfadyen Logan Lerman Ray Stevenson Luke Evans Milla Jovovich Orlando Bloom and Christoph Waltz. The Three Musketeers was released on 1 September 2011 for Germany 12 October 2011 for the United Kingdom and France and 21 October 2011 for the United States Canada and Australia.
 Temptress Moon is a 1996 Chinese film directed by Chen Kaige. It was jointly produced by the Shanghai Film Studio and the Taipei-based Tomson Films. The film saw Chen reuniting with Leslie Cheung and Gong Li who had previously worked with him in his breakout international hit Farewell My ConcubineTemptress Moon premiered at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival where it was in competition for the Palme d'Or that eventually went to Mike Leigh's Secrets & Lies.
 White Heat is a 1926 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Juliette Compton Wyndham Standing and George Bellamy. A dancer becomes romantically involved with a producer.
 The Beast of Hollow Mountain is a 1956 scifi/horror western about an American cowboy living in Mexico who discovers his missing cattle are being preyed upon by an Allosaurus. The Allosaurus would later attack local villagers in a town and eventually be destroyed by getting lured into some quicksand and drowning.The first film to show dinosaurs and cowboys in the same picture it is notable for being based on a story idea by special effects innovator Willis O'Brien.
 Ploning is a 2008 Philippine romantic family drama film based on a popular Cuyonon song of the same title about a girl's hidden feelings in a man's point of view. It starred veteran actress Judy Ann Santos and was directed by Dante Nico Garcia who won a directing award in Singapore through the film. The filming was done in the municipality of Cuyo in Palawan which is incidentally the director's hometown.
 Honours Easy is a 1935 British drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Greta Nissen Patric Knowles and Margaret Lockwood. It follows a man who tries to take revenge on a rival for a slight seventeen years before by framing his son for theft. It was based on the play Honours Easy by Roland Pertwee.
 Red Velvet is a 2008 American independent horror film directed by Bruce Dickson and written by Anthony Burns and Joe Moe. The film stars Henry Thomas and Kelli Garner and is the final film of Forrest J Ackerman.
 Seema Simham is a 2002 Tollywood action film directed by G.Ram Prasad released on 11 January 2002. The movie stars Nandamuri Balakrishna Simran Bagga Reema Sen. The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office
 Delightfully Dangerous is a 1945 American musical film directed by Arthur Lubin showcasing teenage singer Jane Powell—in her second film on loan out to United Artists from MGM—and orchestra leader Morton Gould. The working titles of this film were Cinderella Goes to War Reaching for the Stars and High Among the Stars. It was Frank Tashlin's first writing credit on a live action feature film.
 The Single Moms Club is a 2014 American comedy-drama film produced written and directed by Tyler Perry. The film stars Nia Long Wendi McLendon-Covey Zulay Henao Cocoa Brown Amy Smart Terry Crews and Perry. The film was released on March 14 2014.
 Tall Tan and Terrific is a 1946 American film directed by Bud Pollard.
 The Band (also called The Troupe) is an Israeli film showed on in April 1978. Nearly 504000 viewers came to theatres to watch the movie. It reached number 37 on the list of 50 United States blockbusters. The film directed by Avi Nesher follows composer arranger and music director of the Nahal troupe Yair Rosenblum. Rosenblum sings songs composed by the band and also appears in the film.
 Jeene Do is a 1990 Indian Hindi film. It stars Jackie Shroff Sanjay Dutt Farha Naaz and Sonam in pivotal roles.
 Hamsin (Hebrew: חמסין‎) is a 1982 Israeli drama film directed by Daniel Wachsmann. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Way to Fight (喧嘩の花道 大阪最強伝説 Kenka no hanamichi: Ōsaka saikyō densetsu) is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Idle Roomers is the 80th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Jeepers Creepers is a 2001 American horror film written and directed by Victor Salva. The movie takes its name from the 1938 song Jeepers Creepers which is featured in the film.
 Kalavantin is a Marathi movie released on 28 October 1978. Produced by Chelaram Bhatia along with Lalchand Bhatia and directed by Anant Mane. The plot of the movie revolves around a couple who have been together through the thick and thin in life but on her death bed she reveals a secret.
 Road to Singapore is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Bing Crosby Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour. Based on a story by Harry Hervey the film is about two playboys trying to forget previous romances in Singapore where they meet a beautiful woman. Distributed by Paramount Pictures the film marked the debut of the long-running and popular Road to … series of pictures spotlighting the trio.
 Amanda and the Alien (or Alien Love in the UK) is a 1995 made-for-cable science-fiction comedy movie directed by Jon Kroll and starring Nicole Eggert as Amanda Patterson. Amanda an employee at an upscale clothing store is leading a relatively lonely and unremarkable life. All this changes when an alien that's been held at a secret military installation escapes by taking over the body of one of the base employees.
 love is the only master I'll serve is a symbolical art film (22') written and directed by Nicholas Lens.
 The Fickle Finger of Fate (also known as El Dedo del destino and The Cup of St. Sebastian) is a 1967 comedy film directed by Richard Rush produced by Sidney W. Pink and starring Tab Hunter. Hunter stars as a clumsy businessman who accidentally gets wrapped up in a plot of intrigue while on a trip to Spain.The film was distributed in America by Troma Entertainment.Tagline: It's James Bond on acid!
 Red Rings of Fear (Italian: Enigma rosso German: Orgie des Todes Spanish: Tráfico de menores also known as Virgin Terror Rings of Fear and Trauma) is a 1978 Italian-German-Spanish giallo film directed by Alberto Negrin.
 Swing in the Saddle is a 1944 American Western/musical film starring Jane Frazee.
 A Woman of Distinction is a 1950 romantic comedy film directed by Edward Buzzell. It stars Rosalind Russell and Ray Milland.
 National Customs (simplified Chinese: 国风; traditional Chinese: 國風; pinyin: Guó fēng) is a 1935 Chinese film directed by Luo Mingyou and Zhu Shilin. The film was silent film star Ruan Lingyu's last before her death by suicide in 1935.
 Vaamanan is a 2009 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by debutant I. Ahmed who worked as an erstwhile assistant to Kadhir and starring Jai and newcomer Priya Anand. Produced by P. Kabilan of Dream Valley Corporation the film features Rahman Lakshmi Rai Urvashi Sampath Raj and 'Thalaivaasal' Vijay in supporting roles with film score and soundtrack by Yuvan Shankar Raja while the camera was handled by Arvind Krishna. The film was released on 10 July 2009.
 Macedonian Blood Wedding or Bloodshed at the Wedding (Macedonian: Македонска крвава свадба Latinic: Makedonska krvava svadba) is a 1967 Macedonian (Yugoslavian) film.
 Faster Pussycat! Kill! Kill! is a 1965 exploitation film directed by Russ Meyer who also wrote the script with Jack Moran. It stars Tura Satana Haji and Lori Williams.The film features gratuitous violence sexuality provocative gender roles and camp dialogue. It is one of Meyer's more boldly titled and unflinchingly exploitative films; however there is relatively little nudity.The film was shot in the extreme western parts of the Mojave Desert.
 The Midnight Man is a 1974 detective film directed by Burt Lancaster who also starred with Susan Clark.
 Baby Blue Marine is a 1976 film set during World War II that was directed by John D. Hancock. It stars Jan-Michael Vincent and Glynnis O'Connor.Film critic Roger Ebert gave the film 2½ out of 4 stars.
 Jinn is a 2014 film from Exxodus Pictures. It was written and directed by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad starring Ray Park and Serinda Swan in the lead roles.
 Jimmy the Kid is a 1982 comedy film starring Gary Coleman and Paul Le Mat. It was directed by Gary Nelson produced by Ronald Jacobs and released in November 1982 by New World Pictures. Following 1981's On the Right Track it was second theatrical film release starring Coleman.
 The Best Man is an American 1999 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Malcolm D. Lee. It was produced by 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks with Lee's cousin Spike Lee serving as producer. The film stars Taye Diggs Nia Long Morris Chestnut and Sanaa Lathan and is considered to be a male-centered answer to female-targeted films such as Waiting to Exhale.[citation needed]A Christmas-themed sequel The Best Man Holiday was released on November 15 2013 with a reunited cast.
 Chousei Kantai Sazer-X the Movie: Fight! Star Warriors (劇場版 超星艦隊セイザーX 戦え!星の戦士たち Gekijōban Chōsei Kantai Sazer X: Tatakae! Hoshi no Senshitachi also known as A Seishin team up with the Justirisers and the Sazer-X) is a 2005 film by Toho Company Ltd. The movie is also known as Chousei Kantai Sazer-X the Movie: Fight! Star Warriors or Sazer-X Movie in English. The movie is based on all the warriors of the Chouseishin Series.
 Time Regained (French: Le Temps retrouvé) is a 1999 French drama film directed by the Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz. It is an adaptation of the final volume of In Search of Lost Time by Marcel Proust. The plot is about the anonymous narrator of In Search of Lost Time who reflects on his past experiences while lying on his deathbed.The choice to develop the last volume of In Search of Lost Time allows the film to refer to the entire series of books.
 The Deadliest Season is a 1977 made-for-TV film that was originally shown in the United States on CBS. The film was directed by Robert Markowitz written by Ernest Kilroy and produced by Titus Productions. The main character was played by Michael Moriarty an American-Canadian stage and screen actor. His wife was played by Meryl Streep in her first-ever film appearance.
 Seedlings (Urdu: لمحہ‎ meaning A Moment) is a 2013 Pakistani Urdu-language social/drama film directed by Mansoor Mujahid and produced by Meher Jaffri. Film stars leading Pakistani tv actors Mohib Mirza and Aamina Sheikh. The film was released in Pakistan (Karachi) on 20 September 2013. It also had its world premiere in the United States at the New York City International Film Festival.
 Rahasyam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 For the song by 3 Doors Down see Citizen/Soldier.Citizen Soldier is a 1976 drama film directed by Michael Elsey and starring Dean Stockwell. The film follows a suicidal Vietnam War veteran who finds happiness in a young actress. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Tout va bien is a 1972 film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and collaborator Jean-Pierre Gorin and starring Jane Fonda and Yves Montand.The film's title means Everything is Fine. It was released in the United States under the title All's Well and internationally under the title Just Great.The Godard and Gorin collaboration continued with the featurette Letter to Jane as a postscript to Tout va bien.
 Zakazane piosenki (Forbidden Songs) is a 1946 Polish musical film directed by Leonard Buczkowski. It was the first feature film to be created in Poland following the six years of World War II.The film set during the German occupation of Warsaw during the war tells the story of several inhabitants of the same tenement house.
 La Desconocida (The Unknown) is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Buchanan Rides Alone is a 1958 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott Craig Stevens and Barry Kelley. Based on the 1956 novel The Name's Buchanan by Jonas Ward the film is about a Texan returning home with enough money to start his own ranch. When he stops in the crooked town of Agry he is robbed and framed for murder.[citation needed]
 King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery To Memphis is a 1970 American documentary film biography of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his non-violent campaign for civil rights and social justice. It uses only original newsreel and other primary material unvarnished and unretouched and covers the period from the Montgomery bus boycott of 1955 through his assassination in 1968.
 Benda Bilili! is a 2010 documentary by Renaud Barret and Florent de La Tullaye produced by Yves Chanvillard and Nadim Cheikhrouha (Screenrunner).The film follows the Kinshasa street musician group Staff Benda Bilili whose core members of the group are disabled due to polio. Benda Bilili means “look beyond appearances” in Lingala.Renaud Barret and partner Florent de La Tullaye first spotted the group performing on the streets of Kinshasa in 2004.
 Zamaana Deewana (Devanagari: ज़माना दीवाना Nastaliq: زمانہ دیوانہ translation: Crazy World) is a Hindi movie which was directed by Ramesh Sippy and released in India in 1995. It stars Shahrukh Khan and Raveena Tandon as the leading pair with Shatrughan Sinha Jeetendra playing their parents respectively. Anupam Kher and Prem Chopra make supporting roles as well. The film was declared a flop at the Indian box office.
 Hum Kisise Kum Nahin (Hindi: हम किसीसे कम नहीं English: We Are Not Less Than Anyone) is a 2002 Hindi comedy film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Afzal Khan. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Aishwarya Rai Sanjay Dutt Ajay Devgn Ashish Vidyarthi Satish Kaushik and Paresh Rawal.Despite the star cast the film failed to do well at the box office.
 No Retreat No Surrender 2 (aka No Retreat No Surrender 2: Raging Thunder) is a 1987 Hong Kong-American martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen and starring Loren Avedon Matthias Hues Max Thayer and Cynthia Rothrock. This film does not continue the story of the original No Retreat No Surrender. The film's original title is Raging Thunder.
 Mommy is a 1995 American low budget thriller starring Patty McCormack as a mother who is psychotically obsessed with her 12-year-old daughter Jessica Ann Rachel Lemieux. McCormack is best known for her role as Rhoda Penmark in the 1956 film The Bad Seed.
 Our Country Cousin is a 1914 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Goubbiah mon amour (English: Goubbiah my love) is a French romance drama film from 1956 directed by Robert Darène written by René Barjavel starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Jean Martet. The film was known under the title Cita en el Sol (Spain) Kiss of Fire (UK) Liebe unter heißem Himmel (West Germany).
 Sombra verde (Green Shade) is a 1954 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Huckleberry Finn is a surviving dramatic rural film from 1920 based on Mark Twain's classic novel. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. William Desmond Taylor directed the film as he had the 1917 Tom Sawyer with a scenario by Julia Crawford Ivers who was also the writer for Tom Sawyer. This film long unseen was restored by George Eastman House at Rochester New York.
 Paranoia is a 1967 Dutch drama film directed by Adriaan Ditvoorst. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Fighting Temptations is a 2003 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Lynn written by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson and distributed by Paramount Pictures and MTV Films. The main plot revolves around Darrin Hill (Cuba Gooding Jr.) who travels to his hometown of Monte Carlo Georgia as he attempts to revive a church choir in order to enter a gospel competition with the help of a beautiful lounge singer Lilly (Beyoncé Knowles) with whom he falls in love.
 Panchalankurichi is a 1996 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by Seeman starring Prabhu Ganesan Madhubala Chandrasekar Prasanna Thulukanam Vadivelu Vijayakumar Ilavarasi Maheswari.
 Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me is a 1992 American comedy film starring Adrienne Shelly Max Parrish Andrea Naschak and written and directed by Joel Hershman. Supporting roles are played by Diane Ladd Sean Young and Timothy Leary.A raunchy screwball comedy with a romantic subplot Hold Me follows a small-time criminal hiding from his ex-fiancée and the law in an El Monte California trailer park where the production was filmed.
 Riders of Death Valley (1941) is a Universal movie serial. It was a high budget serial with an all-star cast led by Dick Foran and Buck Jones. Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor directed.
 Sacred Arias: The Home Video is the second DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.It was filmed in the Roman church of Santa Maria Sopra Minerva in Rome in 1999 where he gave a concert conducted by Myung-whun Chung singing the arias of his previous album Sacred Arias. The PBS Great Performances program was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Classical Music-Dance Program during the 2000 Emmy awards.
 My First Kiss is a 2008 drama film written and directed by David Wexler.The short was an Official Selection of the Big Apple Film Festival Silver Lei winner of the Honolulu International Film Festival and nominated for Best Narrative Film at the Miami Short Film Festival.
 Sidhi is a 1999 Filipino film based on Rolando Tinio's Palanca-winning teleplay (Ang Kwento ni Ah) expanded into a movie script by Ricky Lee Sidhi is the story of Ah (Aunor) so called because she's mute and can only utter the first syllable of her name Anna.The film won for Mercado all the Best Supporting Actress Awards given by the four annual award-giving bodies in the Philippines that time. The film also gave a posthumous award to Rolando Tinio for Best story at the FAMAS Awards.
 Delhi Belly (Hindi: देलही बेली) is a 2011 Indian black comedy film written by Akshat Verma and directed by Abhinay Deo. It stars Imran Khan Kunaal Roy Kapur Vir Das Poorna Jagannathan and Shenaz Treasurywala. While the original version was in Hinglish a Hindi dubbed version was also released. The film is produced by Aamir Khan Productions and IBC Motion Pictures.
 The Sale (Persian: حراج‎) is a 2014 Iranian film directed by Hossein Shahabi (persian: حسین شهابی)
 The Adventures of Juan Quin Quin (Spanish: Las aventuras de Juan Quin Quin) is a 1967 Cuban comedy film directed by Julio García Espinosa. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Iszka utazása (English: Iska's Journey) is a 2007 Hungarian film directed by Csaba Bollók and stars newcomer Mária Varga. The film is the result of director Bollók's accidental meeting with a 14-year-old street child Maria Varga living in a coal mining town of the Southern Carpathians.
 Bhramaram is a 2009 Malayalam thriller film of road-movie genre written and directed by Blessy starring Mohanlal Suresh Menon Murali Gopy and Bhumika Chawla.
 Aniki-Bóbó is a 1942 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It is his first feature-length film. Mostly children from Oliveira's hometown Porto play in its story. The script was adapted by Manoel de Oliveira from a short story by José Rodrigues de Freitas Meninos Milionários (lit. Millionaire Children).
 Sandhippoma (Tamil: சந்திப்போமா ) (English: Shall we meet?) is a 1998 romantic film Tamil language film directed by Indrakumar. The film features Suriya and Preetha Vijayakumar in the lead roles while Raadhika Prakash Raj Sarath Babu and Ambika also play significant roles. Deva composed the film's soundtrack while Rathnavelu handled the camera work. The film released in July 1998 to negative reviews from critics.
 Holly Hobbie and Friends: Christmas Wishes is the 100th direct-to-DVD movie to feature the Holly Hobbie character. It premiered on November 11 2001 on Nick Jr. and was released on vhs byLin pictures on November 14. A book adaptation from Little Simon (ISBN 1-4169-2796-4) published on October 3rd was written by Bonnie Pinehurst and illustrated by Kellee Riley. The movie was a box office bomb.
 27 Down is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Awtar Krishna Kaul starring Raakhee and M.K. Raina. The film is based on a Hindi novel Athara Sooraj Ke Paudhe by Ramesh Bakshi about a railways employee who meets a girl on the train.
 Premonition is a 2007 American drama supernatural thriller film directed by Mennan Yapo and starring Sandra Bullock Julian McMahon and Amber Valletta. The film's plot depicts a depressed housewife named Linda who experiences premonitions about her husband's death and the events that follow afterward and how she attempts to save him from his impending doom.Contrary to popular belief the film is not a remake of the 2004 Japanese horror film Premonition and is its own original story.
 Jiyo Kaka (Bengali: জিয়ো কাকা) is a 2011 Bengali comedy film directed by debutant Parambrata Chattopadhyay the renowned film actor.
 Knitting (Chinese: 牛郎织女; pinyin: Niú lán zhī nǔ) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by Yin Lichuan. Yin's second film as director Knitting is a romantic drama. The film was adapted by Yin from the short story The Story of Li Ai and Haihai by author Amei.The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival as part of the Directors' Fortnight on 21 May 2008.Though the film's setting is never stated Knitting was shot in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou.
 Rocky & Hudson is a 1994 Brazilian animated film directed by Otto Guerra based on the Adão Iturrusgarai comic strip of the same name.
 Sant Tukaram (Marathi: संत तुकाराम Sant Tukārām) also known as Saint Tukaram is a 1936 Marathi film produced by Prabhat Film Company and based on the life of Tukaram (1608–50) a prominent Varkari saint and spiritual poet of the Bhakti movement in India. The film was directed by Vishnupant Govind Damle and Sheikh Fattelal and featured Vishnupant Pagnis in the lead role of the saint.Sant Tukaram is revered as a great Indian film.
 Stripped is a documentary film about the comic strip and its transition from the failing newspaper industry to the web. Work on Stripped began in 2010; the film's original concept was to make a documentary about cartoonists in their studios.Stripped also features interviews with over 70 comic creators who discuss their trade and its prospects in the 21st century. Interviewee Bill Watterson created the poster for Stripped his first published art since ending Calvin and Hobbes in 1995.
 Dynamite Warrior (Thai: ฅนไฟบิน translit. Khon Fai Bin) is a 2006 Thai martial arts film directed by Chalerm Wongpim and starring Dan Chupong (from Born to Fight).
 Marthanda Varma is a 1933 black & white silent film directed by P.V.Rao based on 1891 Malayalam novel by C. V. Raman Pillai. This was the first film based on a Malayalam literature and next film of Malayalam film industry after Vigathakumaran.
 Dear Murderer is a 1947 British thriller directed by Arthur Crabtree for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Eric Portman and Greta Gynt. The film was well-received for its tautness and ingenuity with one reviewer noting: Dear Murderer is a shrewd semi-psychological thriller with Eric Portman a well-known menace...being sinister to the height of his bent.
 Hermanas is a 2005 drama film written and directed by Julia Solomonoff her first feature motion picture. The picture has a number of producers including: Mariela Besuievski Pablo Bossi Florencia Enghel Gerardo Herrero Vanessa Ragone Walter Salles and Ariel Saúl.The film features Valeria Bertuccelli Ingrid Rubio among others.
 Ben Hur is a 2003 animated film based on the novel Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ by Lew Wallace. It is the fourth film adaptation of the novel.Charlton Heston's production company Agamemnon Films (in association with GoodTimes Entertainment) produced this made-for-video animated version of the story with Heston himself giving voice to the title character. Heston had won an Academy Award for playing the same role in the 1959 version. This 2003 version was Heston's last film.
 Miss Robin Hood is a 1952 British film directed by John Guillermin. It falls within the genre of post-war British fantasy.The writer Wrigley (played by Richard Hearne) creates a comic strip character called Miss Robin Hood for a large newspaper.
 Early Spring (Danish: Barndommens gade) is a 1986 Danish drama film directed by Astrid Henning-Jensen. It was entered into the 15th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Beware! Children at Play is a 1989 horror film directed by Mik Cribben and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 The Young Stranger (1957) is a low-budget drama film the first film directed by John Frankenheimer. It was based on the teleplay Deal a Blow by Robert Dozier.
 I Am a Sex Addict is a 2005 autobiographical comedy by American independent director and screenwriter Caveh Zahedi. Presented in semi-documentary style the film chronicles Zahedi's own sex addiction and its impact on his life relationships and film making. His addiction was manifested by visiting prostitutes and being open about this with his successive partners.The film premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam and was subsequently picked up for distribution by IFC Films.
 The Shootin' Fool is a 1920 American short Western film directed by and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Little Mother is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Little Mother was the 87th Our Gang short to be released. A silent film it followed Our Gang's first sound film Small Talk on the release schedule.
 La Taverna della libertà is a 1950 Italian film directed by Maurice Cam.
 The Soldiers of Salamis (Spanish: Soldados de Salamina) is a 2003 Spanish film directed by David Trueba based on the book by Javier Cercas. Starring Ariadna Gil and Ramón Fontserè the film was nominated for eight Goya Awards in 2004 and won the award for Best Cinematography. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival. The exteriors of the film were shot in Girona (Spain).
 Mullavalliyum Thenmavum is a 2003 Malayalam film starring Kunchacko Boban and Chaya Singh.
 Putta is an upcoming Kannada film starring Duniya Vijay in the lead role. The film is directed by one of the most popular directors in Kannada cinema Om Prakash Rao. The music is scored by Hamsalekha. Pyramid Saimira establishment has launched the film.
 A Stranger's Heart (working title Brokenhearted) is a Hallmark Channel made-for-TV movie that premiered on May 5 2007.
 Super Demetrios is a 2011 Greek film directed by Georgios Papaioannou.
 Dark Sea (Portuguese: Mar Negro) is a 2013 Brazilian horror film directed by Rodrigo Aragão. The film was premiered at Festival de Vitória on October 28 2013.
 Die antike Münze is an East German film. It was released in 1965.
 La Luna: Live in Concert is a live concert recording by Sarah Brightman inspired by her La Luna album. A performance in Ft. Lauderdale Florida was recorded in 2001 and has been released on DVD and VHS. Brightman performs her 1997 hit There for Me with singer Josh Groban.
 Cristo Rey is a 2013 Dominican Republic drama film written and directed by Leticia Tonos. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 How to Make the Cruelest Month is a 1998 comedy film written and directed by Kip Koenig and starring Clea DuVall.
 The Air Mail is a 1925 silent film directed by Irvin Willat and starring Warner Baxter Billie Dove and Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. Filmed in Death Valley National Park and the ghost town of Rhyolite Nevada it was released in the United States on March 16 1925. Only four of eight reels survive in the Library of Congress making this film incomplete.
 Time of the Innocent (German: Die Zeit der Schuldlosen) is a 1964 German drama film directed by Thomas Fantl. It was distributed by Columbia-Bavaria Filmgesellschaft in Germany and represented by Export-Film Bischoff world wide. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Beloved (aka Sin and Restless) is a 1970 film written and directed by George P. Cosmatos and marks his directorial debut. It was filmed on location in Cyprus.
 Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo is a 1926 American silent Western starring Cullen Landis Kathryn McGuire and Joe Rickson and featuring Bob Fleming Ralph McCullough Fletcher Norton Anne Berryman Jay Morley Thomas G. Lingham Frank Rice Betty Brown and Bob Steele. The film was directed by Robert N. Bradbury and produced by Anthony J. Xydias for Sunset Productions. Distributed by Aywon Film it was commercially released on 1 August 1926 in the United States.
 Spider Baby is a 1964 black comedy horror film written and directed by Jack Hill. It stars Lon Chaney Jr. as Bruno the chauffeur and caretaker of three orphaned siblings who suffer from Merrye Syndrome which causes them to mentally socially and physically regress backwards down the evolutionary ladder starting in early puberty. Sid Haig Jill Banner Carol Ohmart Quinn Redeker Mary Mitchel and Karl Schanzer also star.
 Kaya also known as Kaya I'll Kill You (Croatian: Kaja ubit ću te!) is a 1967 Yugoslav feature film directed by Vatroslav Mimica.In 1999 a poll of Croatian film critics found it to be one of the best Croatian films ever made.
 Skin Deep is a 1989 American film starring John Ritter written and directed by Blake Edwards.
 Like Mom Like Me is a 1978 television film directed by Michael Pressman. The film was based on the novel of the same name written by Sheila Schwartz.
 Smoke Signal is a 1955 Western film starring Dana Andrews.
 The Sacred Flame is a 1929 film directed by Archie Mayo starring Pauline Frederick and Conrad Nagel and based on a 1928 Broadway play by Somerset Maugham. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Corrections is a short film taking viewers on a distrurbing trip through the lens of a horror fan.
 The Redeeming Sin is a 1929 crime drama part-talking silent film with Vitaphone music and sound effects. It was produced and distributed by Warner Brothers and starred Dolores Costello. This film is currently a lost film.
 Vaya con Dios is a 2002 German comedy film directed by Zoltan Spirandelli.
 Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers. The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi loosely based on P. L. Travers' book series of the same name.
 The Open Road is a 2009 comedy-drama film written and directed by Michael Meredith. It stars Justin Timberlake Kate Mara Jeff Bridges and Mary Steenburgen and was produced by Anchor Bay Entertainment. Country singer Lyle Lovett and Harry Dean Stanton are also among the cast. Filming began in Hammond Louisiana in February 2008 and continued in Memphis Tennessee at Whataburger Field in Corpus Christi Texas HoustonTexas and elsewhere in the southern United States.
 Video Voyeur or Video Voyeur: The Susan Wilson Story is a 2002 American television drama made by Lifetime Television directed by Tim Hunter starring Angie Harmon. It is based on the real-life story of Susan Wilson a Louisiana woman who was video taped in her own home by a neighbor. Her case helped make video voyeurism a crime in nine U.S. states. Originally she had no legal recourse as video voyeurism was not considered by those who wrote previous voyeurism legislation.
 American Pop is a 1981 American animated musical drama film starring Ron Thompson and produced and directed by Ralph Bakshi. The film tells the story of four generations of a Russian Jewish immigrant family of musicians whose careers parallel the history of American popular music.The majority of the film's animation was completed through rotoscoping a process in which live actors are filmed and the subsequent footage is used for animators to draw over.
 The Loft is a forthcoming American-Belgian thriller film directed by Erik Van Looy. It is a remake of the 2008 Dutch-language Belgian film Loft by the same director. The script was written by Bart De Pauw and adapted by Wesley Strick. The only remaining cast member from the original film is Matthias Schoenaerts who will reprise the same role. The original film broke all box-office records in Belgium.The film was shot in Summer 2011.
 Under Cover Man (1932) is a crime film starring George Raft and Nancy Carroll and directed by James Flood. The movie was Raft's first or second leading role along with Night After Night released the same year.
 Furimukeba Ai (ふりむけば愛) also titled Take Me Away! is a 1979 Japanese film starring Momoe Yamaguchi and Tomokazu Miura and directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi. It is one of a series of idol films starring the golden combi (golden combination) of seventies idol film stars Miura and Yamaguchi. It features the first foreign location and the first sex scene of the couple.
 Break the Science Barrier is a 1996 television documentary written and presented by Richard Dawkins which promotes the viewpoint that scientific endeavour is not only useful but also intellectually stimulating and exciting.
 Shanghai Surprise is a 1986 British adventure comedy film starring then-newlyweds Sean Penn and Madonna produced by George Harrison's HandMade Films and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Harrison appeared as a night club singer and also recorded several songs for the film's soundtrack including the song Breath Away from Heaven which was re-recorded and released on his album Cloud Nine along with the song Someplace Else another track used in the film.
 Not to be confused with Gunahon Ka Devta (TV series). Not to be confused with Gunahon Ka Devta (novel)Gunahon Ka Devta is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kawal Sharma starring Mithun Chakraborty Sangeeta Bijlani Aditya Pancholi Danny Denzongpa Shakti Kapoor and Paresh Rawal
 Bahu Begum was a 1967 Hindi film directed by M. Sadiq and starring Pradeep Kumar Meena Kumari and Ashok Kumar. The film has music by Roshan and lyrics by Sahir Ludhianvi and is known for songs Hum Intezaar Karenge Tera Qayamat Tak sung by Mohammad Rafi and Asha Bhonsle and Duniya Kare Sawal To Hum by Lata Mangeshkar.
 Midas Run (UK title A Run on Gold) is a 1969 comedy film directed by Alf Kjellin and starring Richard Crenna Anne Heywood and in one of his final big-screen roles Fred Astaire.
 Super Model is a 2013 Hindi romantic thriller featuring Veena Malik and Ashmit Patel in the lead roles. The supporting cast includes Harsh Chhaya and Jackie Shroff. It was released in theatres on September 27.The film has been produced by Ravi Ahlawat of Eye Telefilms Pvt. Ltd and directed by Navin Batra. Prem Prakash Gupta is the associate producer of the film and music has been given by DJ Sheizwood. Super Model will be released worldwide by Pen N Camera International Pvt. Ltd.thumbnail
 Boenga Roos dari Tjikembang (literally Rose from Cikembang) is a 1931 film from the Dutch East Indies directed produced and filmed by The Teng Chun. Based on a 1927 novel of the same name it follows the complicated romantic situations of two generations of ethnic Chinese in the Indies. An early example of domestic sound films the film was remade in 1975.
 Piso pisello (internationally released as Sweet Pea) is a 1981 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Peter Del Monte.It entered the 38th Venice International Film Festival.
 Forest of the Gods (Lithuanian: Dievų miškas) is a 2005 film directed by Algimantas Puipa based on the Balys Sruoga novel of the same name.
 The Three Musketeers is a 1961 film adaption of the novel by Alexandre Dumas père which consists of two parts. The script keeps close to the classic French novel.
 Ice Age: A Mammoth Christmas is a 2011 computer animated television special and part of the Ice Age franchise produced by Blue Sky Studios and directed by Karen Disher. It premiered on November 24 2011 on Fox and it was released two days later to DVD and Blu-ray.Despite being produced by Blue Sky Studios the film's animation was actually done by some animators at Blue Sky and mainly by the Santa Monica/Texas-based special effects and animation company Reel FX Creative Studios.
 Manhunt of Mystery Island (1945) is a Republic Movie serial. It was the thirty-sixth serial produced by Republic (of a total of sixty-six) and the first released in 1945.It is the penultimate 15-chapter serial to be released by the studio.
 Raw Deal is 1986 American action film directed by John Irvin starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Kathryn Harrold Darren McGavin and Sam Wanamaker. The film was released in the United States on June 6 1986. The film tells the story of an elderly and embittered high ranking FBI chief Harry Shannon who wants to get revenge against a Mafia organization and sends a former FBI agent and now small-town sheriff Mark Kaminsky to destroy the organization from the inside.
 Full And Final is an dhallywood romantic action film directed by Malek Afsari. The film stars Shakib Khan and Bobby in the lead roles. Full And Final is about a rough and tough police officer and released on 16 October 2013 of Eid Al Adha. Upon release the film received positive reviews and was a huge box office success
 Gharsallah la semence de Dieu is a 2007 documentary film.
 The Calcium Kid is a British mockumentary comedy film which was released in 2004. It stars Orlando Bloom as a milkman and amateur boxer. Billie Piper and Michael Peña are also featured. It is directed by Alex De Rakoff and produced by Working Title Films. The milkman-turned-prizefighter concept had been previously used in both Harold Lloyd's The Milky Way and its remake Danny Kaye´s vehicle The Kid from Brooklyn.
 No toquen a la nena is a 1976 Argentine film.
 The Wind of Change is a 1961 British drama directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Donald Pleasence Johnny Briggs and Ann Lynn. Taking its title from the famous Wind of Change speech given by British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in South Africa in February 1960 it is one of the earliest British films to tackle race as an issue focussing on disenchanted working-class white youth finding an outlet for their frustrations in racial hatred.
 The Neptune Factor is a 1973 science fiction film directed by Daniel Petrie featuring underwater cinematography by Paul Herbermann. The film's special effects utilized underwater photography of miniatures with actual marine life.
 Tes Cheveux Noirs Ihsan is a 2005 short 35mm film made in Northern Morocco with non-professional actors. The winner of an award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as well as the Panorama Best short film Award at the Berlin Film Festival 2006.
 Gia mia houfta touvla (Greek: Για μια χούφτα τούβλα) is a 1987 Greek comedy film which was released straight to video. It was written by Manos Venieris and directed by Takis Vougiouklakis and stars Kostas Tsakonas Tassos Kostis Vera Gouma and Kostas Rigopoulos.
 24 Hours is a 1931 drama film starring Clive Brook Kay Francis and Miriam Hopkins. It was based on the novel Twenty-Four Hours by Louis Bromfield and the play Shattered Glass by Will D. Lengle and Lew Levenson. An alcoholic married man is accused of murdering the woman with whom he has been carrying on an affair.
 A Little Stiff is a 1991 minimalist comedy directed by Caveh Zahedi and Greg Watkins based on true events and re-enacted by the actual participants. Caveh Zahedi plays himself as a neurotic film student who develops a crush on art student Erin McKim after a brief encounter in an elevator.
 The Zero Hour is a 1939 American film directed by Sidney Salkow.
 No Dough Boys is the 82nd short subject starring the slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Unconstitutional: The War on Our Civil Liberties is a 2004 political documentary written produced and directed by Nonny de la Peña and sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union which focuses on what the filmmaker contends is widespread abuse of civil liberties carried out in the wake of the USA PATRIOT Act and other administration policies. İt is the third and final film in the Un-trilogy from Executive Producer Robert Greenwald.
 Tiempo de revancha (English language: Time for Revenge) is a 1981 Argentine crime drama film written and directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Federico Luppi Julio De Grazia Haydée Padilla and Ulises Dumont. It was produced by Héctor Olivera and Luis O. Repetto. The music was composed by Emilio Kauderer. The film premiered in Argentina on July 30 1981 and won 10 awards including one for Best Film (ex aequo) in the Montréal World Film Festival.
 Louis Theroux: Behind Bars is a television documentary written and presented by Louis Theroux about one of America's most notorious prisons San Quentin. There he meets and speaks to serial murderers gang members at-risk inmates and guards. The film was produced and directed by Stuart Cabb and was first aired on BBC Two on 13 January 2008.
 Police is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash starring Prithviraj Indrajith Bhavana Chaya Singh and Ashokan. It is an uncredited remake of the 1989 American film Tango & Cash and it was dubbed in Tamil as the same title.
 Bye Bye Brazil (Portuguese: Bye Bye Brasil) is a 1979 Brazilian-French-Argentine film directed by Carlos Diegues. The film enjoyed critical success and was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Zweiohrküken (lit. Two-eared chick English title: Rabbit Without Ears 2) is a 2009 German romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Til Schweiger. A sequel to 2007's Keinohrhasen (Rabbit Without Ears) it was co-written by Anika Decker and Schweiger starring Schweiger and Nora Tschirner as former yellow press reporter Ludo and his girlfriend Anna.Produced by Barefoot Films and Warner Bros. the film premiered in theaters across Germany and Austria on December 3 2009.
 Football Under Cover is a 2008 German/Iranian documentary film directed by David Assmann and Ayat Najafi. It follows the attempts of German Marlene Assmann and Iranian Ayat Najafi to organise a football match between Assman's team BSV Aldersimspor and the Iranian national woman's team.
 The Rising Generation is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harley Knoles and George Dewhurst and starring Alice Joyce Jameson Thomas and Robin Irvine. It was based on a play by Laura Leycester. A couple masquerade as servants.
 The Codes is the English title for Szyfry a Polish film released in 1966 directed by Wojciech Has.
 Wie die Wilden is an East German television film. It was released in 1959.
 Romanzo popolare (internationally released as Come Home and Meet My Wife) is a 1973 Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Monicelli. The film won the David di Donatello for Best Script.
 Agni Parvatam (Telugu: అగ్నిపర్వతం: English translation: Volcano) is the most powerful character role in the filmography of Superstar Krishna. The movie was made in 1985 produced by C. Ashwini Dutt and K. Raghavendra Rao under the banner of Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie was a big hit in the box office of Tollywood with 5 musical hits including a solo title song. Master Arjun acted as child character of Jamadagni.
 Jill Rips is a film directed in 1999 by Anthony Hickox starring Dolph Lundgren based on a 1987 novel by Scottish writer Frederic Lindsay. The film is also known as Jill the Ripper and Tied Up.
 Night After Night is a 1932 American drama film starring George Raft Constance Cummings and Mae West in her first movie role.
 Walk the Proud Land is a 1956 Western Technicolor CinemaScope film directed by Jesse Hibbs starring Audie Murphy and future Academy Award winner Anne Bancroft. It was filmed at Old Tucson.
 A Divine Double Feature is a collection of two video segments both starring Divine.This 110 minute video is split into two segments. The first directed by John Waters is a 16mm black and white short film titled The Diane Linkletter Story which stars Divine as a troubled young teen who is driven to suicide by her horrible parents. It was loosely based on the true suicide of Diane Linkletter.
 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre is a 1948 American dramatic adventure film written and directed by John Huston. It is a feature film adaptation of B. Traven's 1927 novel of the same name about two financially desperate Americans Fred C. Dobbs (Humphrey Bogart) and Bob Curtin (Tim Holt) who in the 1920s join initially reluctant old-timer Howard (Walter Huston the director's father) in Mexico to prospect for gold.
 Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai is a 1960 Hindi movie produced by S. A. Bagar and directed by Kishore Sahu. The film stars Raaj Kumar Meena Kumari Nadira Tun Tun Helen and Om Prakash. The films music is by Shankar Jaikishan. One of the most famous songs in the film is Ajeeb Dastan Hai Yeh sung by Lata Mangeshkar.
 Kaashh is a 2012 Malayalam crime comedy film written and directed by debutant filmmakers Sujith and Sajith. The film is about the abduction of an industrialist's daughter by a team of four friends.
 Home Run is a 2013 sports drama film directed by David Boyd and stars Scott Elrod Dorian Brown Vivica A. Fox. the film was released in theaters on April 19 2013.
 The Flame (German: Die Flamme) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Pola Negri Hermann Thimig and Alfred Abel. The film is based on a play by Hans Müller. In the United States it was released under the alternative title Montmartre. It was the last film Lubitsch made in Germany before emigrating to Hollywood where he directed his first American film Rosita for United Artists the same year.
 Killer Tattoo (Thai: มือปืน/โลก/พระ/จัน Mue Puen/Lok/Phra/Chan) is a 2001 Thai action-comedy film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak. It was the debut film by Yuthlert and also was the feature-film debut for popular Thai comedians Petchtai Wongkamlao and Pongsak Pongsuwan (playing an assassin who thinks he's Elvis Presley).
 Requiem pour un Vampire (English title: Requiem for a Vampire) is a 1971 erotic horror film directed by Jean Rollin about two young woman who find themselves trapped in a haunted castle ruled by a hoard of sexually blood-crazed vampires.
 Dave Brubeck: In His Own Sweet Way is a 2010 documentary film about jazz pianist legend Dave Brubeck. It was directed and produced by Bruce Ricker with Clint Eastwood as executive producer for Turner Classic Movies (TCM) to commemorate Brubeck's 90th birthday in December 2010. It aired on his birthday December 6 2010.
 Mrs Caldicot's Cabbage War is a British comedy-drama film from 2002 directed by Ian Sharp and starring Pauline Collins John Alderton and Peter Capaldi. It is based on a 1993 novel with the same name by Vernon Coleman.It is the story about a woman Thelma Caldicot who is coerced by her manipulative son Derek and daughter-in-law to move into a run-down nursing home owned by Derek's employer after the death of her bullying husband. Derek also gets her to sign over her house to him.
 Valley Girl is a 1983 romantic comedy film starring Nicolas Cage Deborah Foreman Michelle Meyrink Elizabeth Daily Cameron Dye and Michael Bowen. The film directed by Martha Coolidge was the first film in which Nicolas Coppola was billed as Nicolas Cage.The American release of Valley Girl was April 29 1983. The plot is loosely based on Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
 Hitchhike to Happiness is a 1945 musical that was nominated at the 18th Academy Awards in the category of Best Musical score. Which Morton Scott was nominated for.
 The Great Appeal (Italian:Il Grande appello) is a 1936 Italian war film directed by Mario Camerini and starring Camillo Pilotto Roberto Villa and Lina d'Acosta. It is sometimes known by the alternative title The Last Roll-Call. Camerini was considered to have no sympathies with the Fascist regime of Italy but he made this propaganda film that endorsed the colonial policies of the Italian government.
 Amal (Hindi: अमल) is a 2007 Canadian drama film directed and written by Richie Mehta. Set in modern-day New Delhi India it tells the story of a poor autorickshaw driver Amal Kumar.The film was originally released as a short film in 2004 with the same lead actor but a mostly different cast before it was readapted and expanded into a feature film three years later.
 Possums is a 1998 sports comedy film directed by Max Burnett.
 Somnia is an upcoming American horror thriller film directed by Mike Flanagan which he co-wrote with Jeff Howard. The film stars Kate Bosworth Thomas Jane Jacob Tremblay Annabeth Gish and Dash Mihok.
 Straight is a 2009 Indian film starring Vinay Pathak and Gul Panag in the lead roles. It is directed by Parvati Balagopalan and produced by Idream Productions. The film is also shot in a restaurant in Leicester square London and some parts are shot in Wembley. This movie marks the debut of a new actor named Anuj who plays a part in the love triangle. It also features Siddhartha Makkar Rasik Dave Ketki Dave and Damandeep Singh in supporting roles.
 Porto of My Childhood (Portuguese: Porto da Minha Infância) is a 2001 Portuguese/French film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. Manoel de Oliveira narrates a documentary which features staged dramatic scenes of memories and stories told to him during his of his childhood in Porto.
 Immadi Pulikeshi (Kannada: ಇಮ್ಮಡಿ ಪುಲಿಕೇಶಿ) is a 1967 Kannada biographical feature film written by G. V. Iyer and directed by N. C. Rajan. The cast includes Rajkumar Udayakumar Jayanthi Kalpana and Balakrishna. Immadi Pulikeshi is based on the story of the famous Kannada ruler of the Chalukya dynasty who was significantly involved in branching out the dynasty to extend over most parts of the Deccan.The film had a soundtrack and original score by G. K. Venkatesh and cinematography by B.
 Big Jim McLain is a 1952 political thriller film starring John Wayne and James Arness as HUAC investigators hunting down communists in the post-war Hawaii organized labor scene. Edward Ludwig directed.
 The Sheriff and the Satellite Kid (Italian: Uno sceriffo extraterrestre - poco extra e molto terrestre) is a 1979 Italian children's comedy film starring Bud Spencer and child actor Cary Guffey that was released in cinemas in 1979. It was followed by a sequel in 1980 Everything Happens to Me.
 Melvin Goes to Dinner is a 2003 American film adaptation of Michael Blieden's stage play Phyro-Giants! directed by Bob Odenkirk. Blieden wrote the screenplay from his stage play and he also stars in the film (as he did in the Los Angeles stage production) along with Stephanie Courtney Matt Price and Annabelle Gurwitch.
 Jagat Mohini is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 In-Bad the Sailor is a 1924 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff.
 The Return is a 2006 American psychological thriller film directed by Asif Kapadia. The film stars Sarah Michelle Gellar Kate Beahan Peter O'Brien and Sam Shepard. It was released theatrically on November 10 2006 and on DVD on February 27 2007. The Blu-ray Disc was released on October 6 2009.
 Letters from a Porcupine is a documentary style movie made up of footage from the musical career of the alternative rock band Blind Melon including music videos interviews live performances and home movie footage.Several pieces of footage were filmed by Shannon Hoon and his own video recorder which he was said to have brought everywhere.It also contains unreleased music by the band such as a song dubbed no business.
 That's My Baby! is a 1984 Canadian comedy film directed by John Bradshaw and Edie Yolles. It was distributed for a brief time by Troma Entertainment.The film follows a couple Lewis and Suzanne: Lewis takes care of the house and works part-time while Suzanne works full-time. Lewis decides he wants a child but Suzanne worries that it might interfere with her career.
 Ali is a 2001 American biographical film directed by Michael Mann. The film tells the story of the boxer Muhammad Ali played by Will Smith from 1964 to 1974 featuring his capture of the heavyweight title from Sonny Liston his conversion to Islam criticism of the Vietnam War banishment from boxing his return to fight Joe Frazier in 1971 and lastly his reclaiming the title from George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle fight of 1974.
 Hamlet is a 1990 drama film based on the Shakespearean tragedy of the same name directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring Mel Gibson as the eponymous character. The film also features Glenn Close Alan Bates Paul Scofield Ian Holm Helena Bonham Carter Stephen Dillane and Nathaniel Parker. It is notable for being the first film from Icon Productions a company co-founded by Gibson.
 Heritage (Slovene: Dediščina) is a 1984 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Matjaž Klopčič. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lorna Doone is a 1951 American drama film directed by Phil Karlson for Columbia Pictures and starring Barbara Hale Richard Greene and Carl Benton Reid. It is an adaptation of the novel Lorna Doone by R.D. Blackmore set in the English West Country during the 17th century.
 Treachery on the High Seas is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Emil E. Reinert and starring Bebe Daniels Ben Lyon and Charles Farrell. It is based on the play Murder in the Stalls by Maurice Messenger. On a luxury liner some jewel thieves plan a major snatch. It is also known as Not Wanted on Voyage.
 The Lost Chord is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln based on the famous song The Lost Chord by Sir Arthur Sullivan.Screenings were often accompanied by a singer who would perform the song.It is now considered a lost film.
 Hysteria is a 2011 British period romantic comedy film directed by Tanya Wexler. It stars Hugh Dancy and Maggie Gyllenhaal with Felicity Jones Jonathan Pryce and Rupert Everett appearing in key supporting roles. The film set in the Victorian era shows how the medical management of hysteria led to the invention of the vibrator. The film's title refers to the once-common medical diagnosis of female hysteria.
 Hotel Sorrento is a 1995 Australian drama film directed by Richard Franklin. Three sisters reunite in the sleepy Australian town of Sorrento after a ten-year hiatus. One of the three has written a book called Melancholy which is a thinly disguised version of their lives. The film is an adaptation of Hannie Rayson's play of the same name.One of the film's many fleeting reflections is an exploration of the word “melancholy” - a word that perfectly suits Hotel Sorrento's tone and pace.
 Joker is an 2012 Hindi science fiction comedy film directed by Shirish Kunder and also his second directorial venture after Jaan-E-Mann. The film stars Akshay Kumar opposite Sonakshi Sinha in lead roles. This was the second film in which Sinha paired opposite Kumar after Rowdy Rathore (2012). The film released worldwide on 31 August 2012 and received mixed to negative response upon release.
 Waco: The Rules of Engagement is a 1997 documentary directed by William Gazecki about the 1993 Waco Siege a 51 day standoff beginning with the February 28 Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms assault on the Branch Davidian church and home outside of Waco Texas and ending with the April 19th Federal Bureau of Investigations assault on the building which killed most of the inhabitants.
 A Royal Scandal also known as Czarina is a 1945 film about the love life of Russian Empress (Czarina) Catherine the Great. It stars Tallulah Bankhead Charles Coburn Anne Baxter and William Eythe. The film was based on the play Die Zarin (The Czarina) by Lajos Bíró and Melchior Lengyel.
 Dr. Fabian: Laughing Is the Best Medicine (originally Dr. med. Fabian — Lachen ist die beste Medizin) is a 1969 West German film directed by Harald Reinl.
 This film Singye Galeem produced by Wisdom Picture was approved on the 29th of December 2007 for public exhibition in Bhutan.
 The Secret Bride is a 1934 American drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Warren William. Based on the play Concealment by Leonard Ide the film is about governor's daughter and a state attorney general who are forced to keep their marriage secret after the governor is accused of a crime.
 Beyond the Sunset (飛越黃昏) is a 1989 film by Hong Kong director Jacob Cheung.
 The Scam Artist was a 2004 independent film that was meant to catapult the acting career of Kimberly Page.The movie stars Kimberly Page her then husband Diamond Dallas Page and Michael Patrick Larson. The plot was set in the future in the United States.
 Afrita hanem (Arabic: عفريتة هانم‎ English: Little Miss Devil) is a 1949 Egyptian film about Asfour a poor singer played by Syrian musician Farid Al Atrache who falls in love with Aleya the somewhat spoiled daughter of his boss. Asfour wants to marry Aleya but her father won't let the marriage happen due to Asfour's class status.
 Man's Enemy is a 1914 short drama film directed by Frank Powell and starring Lillian Gish. Prints of the film survive in the film archives of the Library of Congress and the Museum of Modern Art.
 Friends & Family is a 2001 gay-themed comedy film.Stephen Torcelli lives with his partner Danny Russo in New York City. When Stephen's parents call to announce a surprise visit for his father's birthday Stephen and Danny scramble to conceal their double lives. The Torcellis already know that Stephen and Danny are gay; they don't know that they're enforcers for the Patrizzi crime family.
 Heartbeat is a 2012 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén about a happily married couple learning about a life changing diagnosis. The film is based on the stage play Wintervögel which had its world premiere in 2010 at the Theater Drachengasse.
 R. L. Stine's The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It is a 2007 American horror fantasy family film based on the children's book of the same name by R. L. Stine. The film was directed by Alex Zamm written by Dan Angel and Billy Brown and stars Emily Osment Cody Linley Brittany Curran and Tobin Bell. It was released direct-to-DVD. The plot follows a goth girl named Cassie (Emily Osment) moving into a new town and fascinated by the occult.
 La Gueule de l'autre is a French film starring Lily Fayol.
 Quando la coppia scoppia is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. It reproposes the couple formed by Enrico Montesano and Claude Brasseur who had successfully starred in the two years older comedy film Aragosta a colazione.
 The Transformation of Mike is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Insaaf Ka Tarazu is a 1980 Hindi film produced and directed by B. R. Chopra based on the 1976 drama film Lipstick. The film stars Raj Babbar Deepak Parashar Zeenat Aman Padmini Kohlapure Iftekhar Simi Garewal Shreeram Lagoo and Dharmendra in a guest appearance. The music of the film was composed by Ravindra Jain. The film was remade later in Telugu as Edi Nyayam Edi Dharmam in 1982. The film became a box office hit.
 Davy Crockett is a 1916 American silent film starring Dustin Farnum as Davy Crockett with Winifred Kingston Harry De Vere Herbert Standing Howard Davies Page Peters Lydia Yeamans Titus and Ida Darling. The film was directed by William Desmond Taylor and produced by Pallas Pictures. It was commercially released in the United States and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The survival status of the film is unknown suggesting that it may be a lost film.
 The 11th Day: Crete 1941 is a 2005 documentary film featuring eyewitness accounts from survivors of the Battle for Crete during World War II. The film was created by producer-director Christos Epperson and writer-producer Michael Epperson and funded by Alex Spanos. Among the eyewitnesses are British S.O.E. operative and famous writer Patrick Leigh Fermor and Cretan Resistance hero George Tzitzika.
 Il camorrista (English: The Professor) is a 1986 Italian drama directed by Giuseppe Tornatore. His film debut it is based the true story of the Italian crime boss Raffaele Cutolo and adapted from the novel by Giuseppe Marrazzo. The International version is shorter than the original Italian release.
 Mr. and Mrs. Gambler is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Chapman To and Fiona Sit.
 The Outside Man (Un homme est mort) is a 1972 French thriller set in Los Angeles directed by Jacques Deray and starring Jean-Louis Trintignant Ann-Margret Roy Scheider and Angie Dickinson.
 One Good Turn is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Alfred J. Goulding and starring Leslie Fuller Georgie Harris and Hal Gordon. Two coffee-stall worker try to prevent their landlady's daughter being cheated by a villanous theatre producer.
 Beaufort (Hebrew: בופור‎) is a 2007 Israeli war film. The film was directed by Joseph Cedar and was co-written by Cedar and Ron Leshem based on Leshem's novel of the same name.
 Shagird (Hindi: शागिर्द; English: Disciple) is a 1967 Indian Bollywood comedy film directed by Samir Gunguly. The film stars Joy Mukherjee and Saira Banu in lead roles.
 The Wasp Woman (aka Forbidden Beauty) is a 1995 television film starring Jennifer Rubin and Doug Wert directed by Jim Wynorski. The film first aired on the Showtime Network during 1995.The film produced and distributed by Concorde Pictures was a Roger Corman production. It was part of the Roger Corman Presents series. The film was a remake of the 1959 film of the same name which was directed by Corman and starred Susan Cabot in the leading role.
 Narasimha (Tamil: நரசிம்மா) is a 2001 Tamil action film directed by Thirupathisamy which features Vijayakanth in the lead role. The film features an ensemble supporting cast including Isha Koppikar Raghuvaran Nassar and Sharat Saxena while the soundtrack for the film was composed by Mani Sharma. The film released in July 2001 to mixed reviews.
 Stage Mother is a 1933 American musical drama. A backstage musical the film follows the story of Kitty Lorraine a frustrated vaudeville performer who pushes her daughter into becoming a star dancer. Selfishness deceit and blackmail drive mother and daughter apart until a last-reel reconciliation. The film stars Alice Brady and Maureen O'Sullivan and was directed by Charles Brabin.
 Thappana is a 2012 Malayalam film based on the work by famous Bengali novelist Ashapurna Debi and directed by Johny Antony. The film stars Mammootty Charmy Kaur and Murali Gopy in lead roles. It tells the story of two convicts the petty thief Samson (Mammootty) and a young girl Mallika (Charmy Kaur) who are released from prison on the same day.
 Drive He Said (1971) is an American motion picture released by Columbia Pictures based upon the 1964 novel of the same title by Jeremy Larner. The film is mainly notable as the first directorial effort of Jack Nicholson after his success as an actor in Easy Rider (1969) and Five Easy Pieces (1970).It stars Karen Black Bruce Dern and regular Nicholson collaborators Robert Towne and Henry Jaglom in leading roles. Towne and Jaglom are better known as screenwriter and director respectively.
 Housemaster is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Otto Kruger Diana Churchill and Phillips Holmes. It was made by ABPC at its Elstree Studios. When three young women come to stay at an elite public school they cause disruption amongst the male students and teachers. It was based on the 1936 play of the same name by Ian Hay.
 Maaveeran was the first Tamil film to be released with wide high-resolution 70 mm and directed by Rajasekhar. It was a remake of the 1985 superhit Hindi film Mard. Ambika appeared in a glamorous role alongside Rajinikanth. She first comes across as a rude princess who later falls in love with him.The film released to negative reviews and bombed at the box office.
 Vishwatma is a 1992 Indian action thriller film directed by Rajiv Rai. This film marked the Hindi film debut of late actress Divya Bharti and Jyotsna Singh who did not appear in any other films after this. The film was a box office success. The music of the film was very successful especially the song Saat Samundar which became a favorite and gave Divya Bharti the limelight into Bollywood.
 The Man from Bitter Ridge is a 1955 film directed by Jack Arnold.
 The Case of Unfaithful Klara (Italian: Il caso dell'infedele Klara Czech: Případ nevěrné Kláry) is a 2009 Italian-Czech romance-drama film directed by Roberto Faenza. It is loosely based on the novel with the same name by Michal Viewegh.
 Rodgers & Hammerstein's South Pacific is a made-for-television movie directed by Richard Pearce in 2001. This ABC production starred Glenn Close Harry Connick Jr. and Rade Šerbedžija (billed in U.S. as Rade Sherbedgia). It was broadcast in 2001 and also released on DVD.
 Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines; Or How I Flew from London to Paris in 25 Hours 11 Minutes is a 1965 British comedy film starring Stuart Whitman Sarah Miles Robert Morley Terry-Thomas and James Fox directed and co-written by Ken Annakin.Based on a screenplay entitled Flying Crazy the fictional account is set in 1910 when Lord Rawnsley an English press magnate offers £10000 to the winner of the Daily Post air race from London to Paris to prove that Britain is number one in the air.
 Poovizhi Vasalile is a 1987 Indian Tamilsuspense & thriller film directed by Fazil starring Sathyaraj and Sujitha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 January 1987. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Poovinu Puthiya Poonthennal. This film received critical acclaim from the critics and went on screens for more than 25 weeks in Chennai Kovai Madurai and Trichy and completed 100 days in other parts as well.
 Sunes sommar (Swedish for Sune's Summer) is a 1993 Swedish comedy film directed by Stephan Apelgren. It is based on the novel with the same name the eighth in the book series about Sune written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson. At the 29th Guldbagge Awards Peter Haber was nominated for the Best Actor award.
 The Lone Hand is a 1953 Western film starring Joel McCrea.
 Tony Arzenta (internationally released as Big Guns and No Way Out) is a 1973 Italian noir film directed by Duccio Tessari. The film had a good commercial success.
 Next is a 2007 American science-fiction action thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori and stars Nicolas Cage Julianne Moore and Jessica Biel. The film's original script was very loosely based on the science fiction short story The Golden Man by Philip K. Dick. The film was released on April 27 2007.
 The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter is a 1968 American film adaptation of the Carson McCullers novel of the same name. It was directed by Robert Ellis Miller. It stars Alan Arkin and introduced Sondra Locke both earning Academy Award nominations.The film updates the novel's small-town Southern setting from the Depression era to the then-contemporary 1960s.
 Rock Opera is a 1999 comedy film that follows a fictional Austin Texas musician's attempt to put together a tour for his struggling and under-appreciated band Pigpoke. The movie debuted at South by Southwest 1999.
 My Scene Goes Hollywood is a 2005 direct-to-DVD and VHS animated film based on Mattel's line of My Scene dolls. It features Barbie and Lindsay Lohan who plays herself. It is the third feature with the My Scene characters and the only one that was full-length. The film was directed by Eric Fogel. Even though the title of the film suggests a trip to Hollywood California the whole film actually takes place in New York City where the My Scene characters live.
 For Love and Honor (Turkish: Kabadayı) is a 2007 Turkish drama film written by Yavuz Turgul and directed by Ömer Vargı starring Şener Şen as a retired gangster who learns that he has a son in need of protection. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 14 2007 (2007-12-14) was the highest-grossing Turkish film of 2007.
 Riders of the Rio Grande is a 1943 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Howard Bretherton.
 The Widow's Might is a 2009 American independent Christian film set in modern-day Texas and the Old West. It has been praised as a groundbreaking film even though it is a first feature film from a teenaged director. The film won the Audience Choice Award and the $101000 Best of Festival award in the San Antonio Independent Christian Film Festival.
 Sharmilee is a hit 1971 Hindi movie produced by Subodh Mukherjee and directed by Samir Ganguly. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Raakhee Narendra Nath Nazir Hussain Iftekhar S N Banerjee Anita Guha and Asit Sen. Raakhee played a double role in this film and its success helped make her one of the decade's top leading lady in Hindi films.
 Adventures of a Dentist (Russian: Пoхoждения зубногo врача translit. Pokhozhdyeniya zubnovo vracha) is a 1965 Soviet dark comedy/drama feature film directed by Elem Klimov on Mosfilm. It is currently unavailable on video or DVD for any audience but is occasionally screened at film festivals.
 Britz is a two-part drama serial written and directed by BAFTA-winning director Peter Kosminsky and first screened by Channel 4 in the United Kingdom in October and November 2007. Britz attempts to understand what would lead a second generation Muslim to turn against the country of their birth. It blames Britain's anti-terrorism legislation - in particular the contentious subject of control orders - and foreign policy for alienating the Muslim community.
 Dear Diary was a failed TV pilot starring Bebe Neuwirth written and directed by David Frankel and produced by Frankel and Barry Jossen for the new film studio DreamWorks. It was put into limited theatrical release in 1996 and went on to win an Oscar for Live Action Short Film at the 69th Academy Awards.
 Cone of Silence is a 1960 British drama film directed by Charles Frend and starring Michael Craig Peter Cushing and Bernard Lee. The film is about the investigation into a series of crashes involving the fictional Atlas Aviation Phoenix jetliner.
 A Run for Your Money is a 1949 Ealing Studios comedy film starring Donald Houston and Meredith Edwards as two Welshmen visiting London for the first time. The supporting cast includes Alec Guinness Moira Lister and Hugh Griffith.
 Strana la vita (internationally released as The Stangeness of Life) is a 1987 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci. It is based on a novel by Giovanni Pascutto.
 Death Wish is a 1974 vigilante action film loosely based on the novel Death Wish by Brian Garfield. The film was directed by Michael Winner and stars Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey a man who becomes a vigilante after his wife is murdered and his daughter is sexually assaulted by muggers.The film was a commercial success and generated a movie franchise with four sequels over the next twenty years.
 The Pinch Singer is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer. It was the 142nd Our Gang short that was released although it was produced before the short which followed it on the release schedule Divot Diggers.
 The Lightning Rider is a 1924 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Broadway Melody of 1936 is a musical film released by MGM in 1935. In New York the film opened at the Capitol Theatre the site of many prestigious MGM premieres. It was a follow-up of sorts to the successful The Broadway Melody which had been released in 1929 although beyond the title and some music there is no story connection with the earlier film.The film was written by Harry W. Conn Moss Hart Jack McGowan and Sid Silvers.
 Arikil Oraal is a 2013 psychological thriller film scripted and directed by Sunil Ibrahim. The central character played by Indrajith Sukumaran as a creative ad director Siddharth with Remya Nambeesan as a trained dancer Veena and Nivin Pauly as Ichcha a waiter at a cafe. Supporting roles played by Prathap Pothen as a psychologist and Lena Abhilash as the head of a corporation.The movie is following Indrajith's character.
 Pusher is a 1996 Danish crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The film was not only a huge success in Denmark but also in many other European countries. The film became the first of a trilogy and launched Winding Refn's career. A Hindi remake of the film directed by Assad Raja was released in 2010. An English language remake directed by Luis Prieto was released in 2012.
 See also Flying Phantom.Flying Phantom Ship (空飛ぶゆうれい船 Soratobu Yūreisen) is a 1969 anime feature film directed by Hiroshi Ikeda and produced by Toei Animation. It was one of the first anime films to be dubbed into Russian and shown in Soviet cinema theaters. The animation and design work on the giant robot was done by the then-largely-unknown Hayao Miyazaki.
 The Sentinel is a 2006 crime thriller film directed by Clark Johnson about a veteran United States Secret Service bodyguard who is suspected as a traitor after an attempted assassination of the president reveals that someone within the Service is providing information to the assassins.The film stars Michael Douglas as the veteran agent Kiefer Sutherland as his protégé Eva Longoria as a rookie Secret Service agent and Kim Basinger in the role of the First Lady.
 The Naxalites is a 1980 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas starring Mithun Chakraborty Smita Patil Dina Pathak Jalal Agha Imtiaz and Nana Palsikar
 The Kitchen is a 2012 American independent comedy-drama film directed by Ishai Setton written by Jim Beggarly and starring Laura Prepon Bryan Greenberg and Dreama Walker. The film was shot in Los Angeles California.
 The Elusive Summer of '68 (Serbian: Варљиво лето '68) is a 1984 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljević.
 Le cap perdu is a 1931 British drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Harry Baur Henri Bosc and Jean-Max. It was a French-language version of the film Cape Forlorn made by British International Pictures intended for distribution in France. A German-language version Menschen im Käfig was also released. It was based on a story by Frank Harvey.
 Thunder in Carolina is a 1960 stock car racing movie starring Rory Calhoun Alan Hale Jr. and Connie Hines. It was written by Alexander Richards directed by Paul Helmick and contains remarkable 1959-vintage stock car race footage.Filmed at a number of small dirt ovals in the South the script is based around the Southern 500 NASCAR race in Darlington South Carolina. All filming was done in 1959 with much of the footage taken during the actual event.
 Hell Is for Heroes is a 1962 American war film directed by Don Siegel and starring Steve McQueen. It tells the story of a squad of U.S. soldiers who in the fall of 1944 must hold off an entire German company for approximately 48 hours along the Siegfried Line until reinforcements reach them.
 Trapped: Haitian Nights is thriller recorded in 2010. It stars Vivica A. Fox and Kenya Moore and was directed by Jean-Claude La Marre. It was released on DVD on February 8 2011. In France the film aired on télé-réalité under the title Piège: La nuit des Haïtiens.
 Christian Brothers is a 2011 Malayalam family action drama film directed by Joshiy. The ensemble cast include MohanlalSuresh Gopi Dileep Sarath Kumar Lakshmi Rai Kanika Lakshmi Gopalaswamy and Kavya Madhavan. The film is scripted by Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas duo while musical score was composed by Rajamani and songs are composed by Deepak Dev.
 Wings of Danger released in the United States as Dead on Course is a 1952 British Film noir directed by Terence Fisher and starring Zachary Scott Robert Beatty and Kay Kendall.
 Smuggler's Island is a 1951 film starring Jeff Chandler as a deep sea diver. Chandler later said the film was one of his favourites because I played myself. Around this time Chandler typically played characters of varying nationalities from different historical periods; this was a rare opportunity for him to play a contemporary American.Filming started in June 1950.
 The Haunted House is a 1913 American silent short comedy-drama film starring Julius Frankenburg Harry Van Meter Vivian Rich and Jack Richardson.
 La Libération de Paris (The Liberation of Paris) is a short historical documentary shot in secret by small propaganda units of the French Resistance during the Battle for Paris in August 1944.
 Una Cubana en España is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Love's Old Sweet Song (1923) is a two-reel short film made in the DeForest Phonofilm sound-on-film process. The film was directed by J. Searle Dawley and stars Louis Wolheim Donald Gallaher Helen Weir Helen Lowell Ernest Hilliard and Una Merkel in her film debut.
 Boss is an action packed 2011 Kannada-language film directed by R. Raghuraj who turns into direction from Photo-journalism. Darshan (Actor) and Navya Nair are the lead pair of the film. V. Harikrishna has composed the music for the film. This film also features popular Tamil actor Prabhu Ganesan essaying the role of a CBI officer.but film failed to become success in boxoffice. Later it Was Dubbed in Hindi as Double Boss
 Sand Love and Salt (Italian: La ragazza della salina) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by František Čáp.
 Mulheres Africanas – A Rede Invisível is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film written and directed by Carlos Nascimbeni.The documentary presents an overview of the achievements and struggles of women in Africa in the last century.
 Pihalla is a 2009 film directed by Toni Laine. The release date for the film was 23 October 2009.
 Beyond Our Differences is a documentary film aired December 26 2008 on the Bill Moyers Journal on PBS. A production of New York documentary film company Entropy Films Beyond Our Differences has been featured at film festivals including the Non-Violence International Film Festival Global Peace Film Festival West Hollywood International Film Festival and many others. Entropy Films sold the 74 minute film to PBS and PBS International in late 2008 for worldwide distribution.
 Hank Williams First Nation is a 2004 film directed by Aaron James Sorensen. It is Sorensen's first feature film.The film stars Gordon Tootoosis Jimmy Herman (who were both on North of 60) Stacy Da Silva Bernard Starlight and Colin VanLoon.
 Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return (also called Children of the Corn 6) is the sixth film in the Children of the Corn series. It is the third film that went direct-to-video. It is best remembered for the return to the series of John Franklin from the first Children of the Corn film.
 The Killing Field is an upcoming Australian mystery-drama-thriller television film for the Seven Network in association with Cornerstone Pictures. It was created by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien and directed by Samantha Lang from a screenplay by Sarah Smith and Michaeley O'Brien. It was produced by Bill Hughes and Sarah Smith with Rebecca Gibney co-producing and Julie McGauran executive producing.
 Cora Unashamed is a TV film from The American Collection directed by Deborah M. Pratt starring Regina Taylor and Cherry Jones and released in 2000. The movie is based on a short story by the same name in The Ways of White Folks a collection of short stories by Langston Hughes.
 King Cobra is a 1999 Trimark Pictures direct to video horror/sci-fi film about an escaped genetically engineered hybrid of an Asian King Cobra and an Eastern Diamondback Rattlesnake. The film was written and directed by David Hillenbrand and Scott Hillenbrand and featured special effects by The Chiodo Brothers.
 Dinner Rush (2000) is an independent feature film written by Brian S. Kalata and Rick Shaughnessy and directed by Bob Giraldi. It stars Danny Aiello as a restaurateur-bookmaker in New York City's Tribeca neighborhood and Edoardo Ballerini as his son the restaurant's star chef.The film deals with converging pressures from the son and his gambling Sous-chef who work in the kitchen as well as organized crime.
 The Green is a 2011 drama film directed by Steven Williford written by Williford Paul Marcarelli and Molly Pearson and starring Jason Butler Harner Cheyenne Jackson Illeana Douglas and Julia Ormond.
 Jodh Juaari is a 1994 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 O thisavros tou makariti (Greek: Ο θησαυρός του μακαρίτη) or Dead Man's Treasure is a 1959 Greek comedy film produced by Finos Film. Based on a play written by Nikos Tsiforos and Polivios Vassiliadis it was one of the last films Tsiforos directed for Finos and was regarded as some of their best work. Georgia Vasileiadou Vasilis Avlonitis Nikos Rizos and Stefanos Lineos featured in the film.
 Chellakannu is a 1995 Tamil romantic drama film directed by N. Rathnam. The film features Vignesh and Yuvarani in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 12 May 1995. It completed hundred days of theatrical run.
 Freddy vs. Jason is a 2003 American slasher film directed by Ronny Yu. The film is a crossover between the Friday the 13th and A Nightmare on Elm Street franchises. It is the eleventh and eighth entries in their respective series pitting Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees against each other.
 29 Acacia Avenue is a play by Denis and Mabel Constanduros and its 1945 film adaptation directed by Henry Cass and released in the U.S. as The Facts of Love.
 Bellini and the Devil (Portuguese: Bellini e o Dêmonio) is 2008 Brazilian crime film directed by Marcelo Galvão. Based on Tony Bellotto's homonymous novel it stars Fabio Assunção as Remo Bellini a São Paulo-based detective who investigates mysterious murders revolving around the The Book of the Law. A sequel to Bellini and the Sphynx it premiered as the opening film of the 1st Los Angeles Brazilian Film Festival where Assunção won the award of Best Actor.
 When Romance Meets Destiny (Hangul: 광식이 동생 광태; RR: Gwangshiki dongsaeng gwangtae; lit. Gwang-sik's Younger Brother Gwang-tae) is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy about two brothers and their different approaches to love.
 Den of Lions (Hungarian title: Oroszlánbarlang) is a 2003 American-Hungarian film directed by James Bruce. It is a violent direct-to-video B movie starring relatively famous actors.
 Dare You is an upcoming Bollywood thriller written produced and directed by Denis Selarka and Mehul Simaria. The film stars newcomer Alisha Khan in the lead role. The theatrical trailer of the film was unveiled on 26 November 2013 on YouTube the film is coming soon 2014 .
 Traces of an Amorous Life (Italian: Tracce di vita amorosa) is a 1990 Italian romance-drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. It entered the competition at the 47th Venice International Film Festival.
 Jamai Shashur olso (Bengali: জামাই শ্বশুর or meaning of (English: Son-in-law Father-in-law ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language Film. Released was 2003 in allover Bangladesh. Directed by Shahdat Khan. Fully comedian based sociel love stories dramatical film. The story written by Abdullah Zahir Babu and Shah Rashidul Hossain Farhad. The film after release box office result is super-hit.The film title role acted many experience famous actor Washimul Bari Rajib and most popular hero Riaz.
 Disco Godfather also known as The Avenging Disco Godfather is a 1979 action film starring Rudy Ray Moore and Carol Speed directed by J. Robert Wagoner and released by Transvue Pictures. Commonly considered a blaxploitation film the plot centers on Moore's character a retired cop who owns and operates a disco and tries to shut down the local angel dust (PCP) dealer after his nephew (Julius Carry) gets whacked out on the drug.
 The Brothers is a British film melodrama of 1947 starring Patricia Roc and John Laurie from a novel of the same name by L.A.G. Strong. It is set in the Western Isles of Scotland and the long and murderous grudge between two clans there the Macraes and McFarishes. Patricia Roc plays a serving girl whose arrival to work for the Macraes reinflames the conflict and causes an internal power-struggle between two brothers in the Macrae clan (played by Maxwell Reed and Duncan Macrae).
 13 Going on 30 (known as 'Suddenly 30' in Australia and other countries) is a 2004 American romantic comedy fantasy film starring Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo. It was produced by Revolution Studios for Columbia Pictures.
 Invincible Shaolin (Nan Shao Lin yu bei Shao Lin) aka Unbeatable Dragon is a Hong Kong films of 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh. It is one of Chang Cheh's tales of Shaolin's historic rivalries with the Qing Dynasty. It is one of the few Venom films featuring Wei Pai (the Snake).
 The Clemenceau Affair (Italian: Il processo Clémenceau) is a 1917 silent Italian adventure film directed by Alfredo De Antoni. The film features the first onscreen performance from Vittorio De Sica.
 American Heist is an upcoming American independent action heist film directed by Sarik Andreasyan based on the 1959 film The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery directed by Charles Guggenheim and John Stix. The film stars Hayden Christensen Jordana Brewster Adrien Brody and Akon.
 Beddegama is a 1980 Sinhalese language film directed by Lester James Peries that follows the lives of village people in British Colonial Sri Lanka. The film is based on the 1913 book The Village in the Jungle by Leonard Woolf. Sir Arthur C. Clarke also has a minor role in the film as an English Judge.
 Grey Gardens is an HBO film about the lives of Edith Bouvier Beale/Little Edie played by Drew Barrymore and her mother Edith Ewing Bouvier/Big Edie played by Jessica Lange. Co-stars include Jeanne Tripplehorn as Jacqueline Kennedy (Little Edie's cousin) and Ken Howard as Phelan Beale (Little Edie's father).
 Someone's Knocking at the Door is a 2009 American comedy horror film co-written and directed by Chad Ferrin. The film stars Noah Segan Andrea Rueda Ezra Buzzington Elina Madison Jon Budinoff Ricardo Gray Lew Temple and Vernon Wells.
 Men Behind the Sun (Chinese: 黑太阳731 / 黑太陽731; pinyin: hēi tài yáng 731 literally meaning Black Sun: 731) is a 1988 Hong Kong-Chinese historical war horror film directed by T.F. Mous.The film is a graphic depiction of the war atrocities committed by the Japanese at Unit 731 the secret biological weapons experimentation unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II.
 C'est dimanche! is a 2008 film.
 Faux is a 2010 drama film directed and written by Christopher Michael Beer focusing on the influence economics has on sexuality.
 Start Cheering is a musical motion picture starring Jimmy Durante Walter Connolly and Joan Perry. It is best remembered today for a cameo appearance by The Three Stooges who were Columbia Pictures' short subject headliners at the time as Campus Firemen. The film's choreography was by Danny Dare.
 Clementine (클레멘타인) is a 2004 action-drama film directed by Kim De-yeong. In this film actor Steven Seagal plays a 10-minute role as cage fight champion Jack Miller. The film is about Kim a Taekwondo champion who decides to give up his fighting career for good in order to take care of his daughter Sa Rang. But when an evil gambling kingpin kidnaps Sa Rang Kim must agree to fight in a rigged boxing match in exchange for Sa Rang's freedom.
 Mighty Aphrodite is a 1995 romantic comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen. The screenplay was inspired by the story of Pygmalion.Allen co-stars with Mira Sorvino who received the 1995 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance.
 Voice from the Grave also known as From the Files of Unsolved Mysteries: Voice from the Grave and Crimes of Passion: Voice from the Grave is a 1996 TV movie based on a popular real-life case from the Unsolved Mysteries television series. The film was written by Bill Phillips and directed by David Jackson.
 Show People is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by King Vidor. The film was a starring vehicle for actress Marion Davies and actor William Haines and included notable cameo appearances by many of the film personalities of the day including stars Charlie Chaplin Douglas Fairbanks William S. Hart and John Gilbert and writer Elinor Glyn.
 The Canal is a 2014 Irish horror film that was directed and written by Ivan Kavanagh. The film had its world premiere on April 18 2014 at the Tribeca Film Festival and stars Rupert Evans as a father investigating a horrific murder that took place in his home in the early 1900s.
 Women's Weapons is a lost 1918 silent film comedy-drama directed by Robert G. Vignola and starring Ethel Clayton.
 The Cowboy and the Lady is a lost 1915 silent feature film directed by Edwin Carewe and distributed by Metro Pictures. The film is based on Clyde Fitch's successful Broadway play that starred Maxine Elliott. Several versions of the story followed this film.
 This Is Not a Film (Persian: In film nist - این فیلم نیست‎) is an Iranian documentary film by Jafar Panahi and Mojtaba Mirtahmasb. It was released on 28 September 2011 in France distributed by Kanibal Films Distribution. The film was smuggled from Iran to Cannes in a flash drive hidden inside a birthday cake. It was specially screened at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival and later at the New York Film Festival and others.
 High and Low (天国と地獄 Tengoku to Jigoku literally Heaven and Hell) is a 1963 police procedural crime drama film directed by Akira Kurosawa starring Toshiro Mifune Tatsuya Nakadai and Kyōko Kagawa. The film is loosely based on King's Ransom (1959) an 87th Precinct police procedural by Ed McBain.
 Prince Charming is a 2001 made-for-television film. It is a comical fairy tale relating the story of a Prince who is cursed and transported to present-day New York City. The movie stars Martin Short as a wizard squire of modest talents trying to keep his prince (Sean Maguire) from harm with Christina Applegate as a young woman skeptical of the prince's story who nevertheless wins his love and Bernadette Peters as an actress who inadvertently lifts a 500-year curse.
 Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Yoon Chan. Originally made as a two episode television series the film is a coming of age drama about a young woman Eun-a who achieves her goals in spite of interference from her family.Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival held from 28 April–6 May 2005.
 Nearly a Nasty Accident is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Jimmy Edwards Kenneth Connor Shirley Eaton and Eric Barker.A mechanically-minded but accident-prone aircraftman (Kenneth Connor) creates chaos and arouses the anger of a promotion-seeking Group Captain (Jimmy Edwards).
 A Tale of the Australian Bush is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale. It was also known as Ben Hall the Notorious Bushranger and is considered a lost film.
 Man of the West is a 1958 western film starring Gary Cooper and directed by Anthony Mann. The screenplay written by Reginald Rose is based on the novel The Border Jumpers by Will C. Brown.
 This article is about the book (1978) and its film adaptation (1982). For other uses see Snowman (disambiguation).The Snowman is a children's picture book without words by English author Raymond Briggs first published in 1978 by Hamish Hamilton in the U.K. and published by Random House in the U.S. that November. In Britain it was highly commended runner up for the Kate Greenaway Medal from the Library Association recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.
 Bannerline is a 1951 American drama film starring Keefe Brasselle Sally Forrest and Lionel Barrymore. When a newspaper reporter writes false praise for a dying man trouble ensues.
 Moonlight in Hawaii is a 1941 American musical film comedy starring Jane Frazee.Maria Montez has a small role with her hair dyed blonde.
 Do Phool is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by S. Ramanathan. The film stars Ashok Kumar Vinod Mehra and Mehmood . The film was a remake of Tamil film Anubavi Raja Anubavi.
 Irina Palm (2007) is a tragicomedy film starring Marianne Faithfull and Miki Manojlović. It is a co-production of five countries (Belgium Luxembourg Great Britain Germany and France). The film premiered at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival. The film has earned over US $10 million worldwide.
 Nadja is a 1994 film by Michael Almereyda starring Elina Löwensohn as the creature Nadja and Peter Fonda as Van Helsing. As the character's names suggest Nadja is a vampire film but treating elements of the genre in an understated arthouse style.The deadpan acting episodic nature of the plot and the presence of Martin Donovan and Löwensohn are suggestive of a Hal Hartley film though he was not involved in the production. The Chicago Review called it Hal Hartley meets David Lynch.
 Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead is a 2009 American horror film and the third installment in the Wrong Turn film series directed by Declan O'Brien and starring Tom Frederic Janet Montgomery and Tamer Hassan. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 20 2009.
 When in Rome is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Mark Steven Johnson co-written by Johnson David Diamond and David Weissman. It stars Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel. It was released by Touchstone Pictures in the United States on January 29 2010.
 For Me and My Gal is a 1942 American musical film directed by Busby Berkeley and starring Judy Garland Gene Kelly – in his screen debut – and George Murphy and featuring Martha Eggerth and Ben Blue. The film was written by Richard Sherman Fred F. Finklehoffe and Sid Silvers based on a story by Howard Emmett Rogers inspired by a true story about vaudeville actors Harry Palmer and Jo Hayden when Palmer was drafted into World War I. It was a production of the Arthur Freed unit at MGM.
 The Legend of Zu also known as Zu Warriors in the United States is a 2001 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Tsui Hark. The film starred Ekin Cheng Louis Koo Cecilia Cheung Patrick Tam Zhang Ziyi and Sammo Hung. It is based on the same source as the 1983 film Zu Warriors from the Magic Mountain.
 For the Polish organization see Biuro Szyfrów for the U.S. intelligence agency see Black Chamber.Cipher Bureau is a 1938 American film directed by Charles Lamont. Leon Ames plays the head of a listening agency in Washington DC dedicated to breaking up a foreign radio-spy ring enlisting his naval-officer brother and tangling with beautiful spies. The film was successful enough to cause a sequel Panama Patrol.
 Saw IV is a 2007 Canadian-American horror film and midquel to 2006's Saw III and the fourth installment of the Saw franchise. It was directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and written by newcomers Patrick Melton Marcus Dunstan and Thomas Fenton and stars Tobin Bell Costas Mandylor Scott Patterson Betsy Russell Lyriq Bent Justin Louis and Donnie Wahlberg. The film was released in North America on October 26 2007.
 The Shopworn Angel is a 1938 American drama film directed by H.C. Potter and starring James Stewart Margaret Sullavan and Walter Pidgeon. The MGM release featured the second screen pairing of Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart following their successful teaming in the Universal Pictures production Next Time We Love two years earlier.
 Target for Killing (German: Das Geheimnis der gelben Mönche) is a 1966 German crime film directed by Manfred R. Köhler and starring Stewart Granger.
 Marrying God is a 2006 drama short film directed by Duke Johnson and written by Sage Wells for the American Film Institute. The entire short was shot in Los Angeles California. It premiered at the Rhode Island International Film Festival on August 7 2007.
 Glamorous Night is a 1937 British drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Mary Ellis Otto Kruger and Victor Jory. It is an adaptation of the play Glamorous Night by Ivor Novello.
 Mujrim (Hindi: मुजरिम Urdu: مجرم translation: Criminal) is an Indian Bollywood movie released on 28 June 1989 directed by Umesh Mehra. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty Madhuri Dixit Nutan. It also stars Amrish Puri Shakti Kapoor and Gulshan Grover in supporting roles. The film follows the story of Shankar who is regarded as a criminal by the society after being in jail for ten years since childhood.
 When Jews Were Funny is a documentary film by Canadian director Alan Zweig released in 2013 which explores the role of Jewish comedians in the history of North American comedy and humour from the Borscht belt to the present day.The film features interviews with and/or performance clips of a wide variety of Jewish comedy performers and writers of the 20th and 21st centuries including Howie Mandel Gilbert Gottfried Rodney Dangerfield Eugene Mirman Marc Maron Bob Einstein Andy Kindler Shelley Berman Alan King Judy Gold Elon Gold David Steinberg Jackie Mason Jack Carter Norm Crosby Henny Youngman David Brenner Shecky Greene Mark Breslin Cory Kahaney Harrison Greenbaum Simon Rakoff Lisa Lambert Larry Josephson and Michael Wex.The film premiered on September 10 2013 at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. 
 The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American film directed by Robert Redford and starring Will Smith Matt Damon and Charlize Theron. It is based on the 1995 book of the same title by Steven Pressfield and takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia in 1931. This was Jack Lemmon's final film before his death in 2001. On release the film was attacked by several African American commentators and reviewers for using the magical negro as a plot device.
 Survivor is an upcoming American political thriller film directed by James McTeigue and written by Philip Shelby. The film stars Milla Jovovich Pierce Brosnan and Dylan McDermott.
 Singles is a 1992 American romantic comedy film written co-produced and directed by Cameron Crowe. The film stars Bridget Fonda Campbell Scott Kyra Sedgwick and Matt Dillon.
 Get on the Bus is a 1996 film about a group of African-American men who are taking a cross-country bus trip in order to participate in the Million Man March. The film was directed by Spike Lee and premiered on the one-year anniversary of the march.
 Metro Manila is 2013 British-Filipino independently produced crime drama film directed by Sean Ellis. Ellis also co-produced and co-wrote the film. The film was selected as the British entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 The Dream is Alive is an IMAX movie released in June 1985 about NASA's Space Shuttle program. The film was narrated by Walter Cronkite and directed by Graeme Ferguson.
 Stealing America: Vote by Vote is a 2008 documentary film directed by filmmaker Dorothy Fadiman which examines the state of election manipulation in the United States.
 Sauna also known as Filth or Evil Rising is a 2008 Finnish horror film directed by Antti-Jussi Annila.
 Liberation (Russian: Освобождение translit. Osvobozhdenie German: Befreiung Polish: Wyzwolenie) is a film series released in 1970 and 1971 directed by Yuri Ozerov and shot in wide-format NIKFI process (70 mm). The script was written by Yuri Bondarev and Oscar Kurganov.
 The Light at the Edge of the World is a 1971 adventure film adapted from Jules Verne's classic 1905 adventure novel Le Phare du bout du monde.
 Single Life is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring Campbell Gullan Kathleen Vaughan and Sidney Paxton.
 Buffalo Bill and the Indians or Sitting Bull's History Lesson is a 1976 revisionist Western directed by Robert Altman and based on the play Indians by Arthur Kopit. It stars Paul Newman as William F.
 H. M. Pulham Esq. is a 1941 American drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Hedy Lamarr Robert Young and Ruth Hussey. Based on the novel H. M. Pulham Esq. by John P. Marquand the film is about a middle-aged businessman who's lived a conservative life according to the routine conventions of society but who still remembers the beautiful young woman who once brought him out of his shell. Vidor co-wrote the screenplay with his wife Elizabeth Hill Vidor.
 Knucklebones (in Persian: سه‌قاپ) is a 1971 Iranian film directed by Zakaria Hashemi. It stars Naser Malek Motiee Bahman Mofid Shahrzad and Morvarid.
 Monkey-ed Movies is a series of short films broadcast on the Turner Broadcasting System in the late 1990s. The films parodied popular films or television programs that were currently being broadcast on TBS with the use of costumed chimpanzees and orangutans voiced by human actors.Ray Richmond of Variety noted that Monkey-ed Movies proved to be clever stuff in large part because it was short and sweet.
 Jigyaasa released on 10 March 2006 was directed by Faisal Saif. It was called the year's most controversial feature film and was based on the life of Indian sex goddess Mallika Sherawat. This film marked a big change in Hrishitaa Bhatt's career as it was her first titular role. Though Indian critics did not appreciate the film it commanded a decent share at the box office.
 The Sugar Factory is a 1999 Australian film.
 The Last Page released in the United States as Man Bait is a 1952 British film noir starring George Brent Marguerite Chapman and Diana Dors. The movie largely set in a bookstore was directed by Terence Fisher.
 Padheyam is a 1993 Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas directed by Bharathan and starring Mammootty in the lead role. The film won several accolades in the state Awards. Mammootty played the role of Chandradas a poet.
 Home Delivery: Aapko... Ghar Tak is a 2005 Bollywood film starring Vivek Oberoi Ayesha Takia Mahima Chaudhary and Boman Irani in the lead roles. The film also stars Abhishek Bachchan and Riteish Deshmukh in cameos. It is written and directed by Sujoy Ghosh and produced by Shabbir Boxwalla.
 Starship Invasions is a 1977 Canadian science fiction film produced by Ed Hunt and filmed in Toronto Ontario. It was re-released in the UK as Project Genocide.
 A Taste of Blood is a 1967 American horror film produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It stars among others Bill Rogers and Elizabeth Wilkinson. The movie was also known as The Secret of Dr. Alucard. Lewis considered this his masterpiece which may account for the film's relatively long running time of two hours (most of Lewis's films run no longer than 80 minutes).
 The Rejuvenation of Aunt Mary (1927) is a silent comedy starring veteran actress May Robson and released by Cecil B. DeMille's Producers Distributing Corporation (PDC). Robson had first appeared in the Broadway play version of this story in 1907 when she was 49. In this film she returns to enact the same part 20 years later at the age of 69. A previous 1914 movie version of the play had been produced minus May Robson.
 I figli del leopardo is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci that is a parody of The Leopard.
 Planeat is a 2010 British documentary film by Or Shlomi and Shelley Lee Davies. The film discusses the possible nutritional and environmental benefits of adopting a whole foods plant-based diet based on the research of T. Colin Campbell Caldwell Esselstyn and Gidon Eshel.
 Vanishing Point is a 1997 television remake of the 1971 cult film.The film stars Viggo Mortensen Jason Priestley Peta Wilson Christine Elise and Keith David and the same model 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T as in the original and was directed by Charles Robert Carner.The remake originally aired on the Fox television network on January 7 1997.
 Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo is a Bollywood film released on 24 December 2004. Amitabh Bachchan Akshay Kumar Bobby Deol (in a dual role) Divya Khosla Kumar Sandali Sinha and Nagma star in the film. Anil Sharma is the director of the film. He earlier directed the blockbuster Gadar: Ek Prem Katha (2001). Despite a huge star cast the film was a box office failure. The film released to average reviews. Anu Malik is the music director of the film.
 Regalo di Natale (internationally released as Christmas Present) is a 1986 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Pupi Avati. It entered the 43° Venice Film Festival in which Carlo Delle Piane won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor. For his performance in this film Diego Abatantuono won a Nastro d'Argento for Best supporting Actor. The film has a sequel La rivincita di Natale.
 Meet Dr. Christian is a 1939 American film directed by Bernard Vorhaus the first of six films in the Dr. Christian series.
 Neela Ponman is a 1975 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Revenge of the Nerds is a 1984 American comedy film about social life on a college campus. The film stars Robert Carradine and Anthony Edwards with Curtis Armstrong Ted McGinley Julia Montgomery Brian Tochi Larry B. Scott Michelle Meyrink John Goodman and Donald Gibb. The film was directed by Jeff Kanew.The film's storyline chronicles a group of nerds trying to stop harassment by the persecuting jock fraternity the Alpha Betas.
 Melissa P. is a 2005 erotic drama film directed by Luca Guadagnino. It is based on Melissa Panarello's semi-autobiographical diary novel 100 colpi di spazzola prima di andare a dormire (One Hundred Strokes of the Brush Before Bed) which focuses on the narrator's teenage sex life. María Valverde stars as the protagonist alongside Geraldine Chaplin in the Italian-Spanish production. The film was released on 18 November 2005 in Italy where it topped the box office.
 Imsai Arasan 23am Pulikesi (English: The King of Torture Pulikesi the 23rd) is a 2006 Tamil historical comedy film directed by Chimbudeven. The film stars Vadivelu in his first lead role alongside Monica Tejashree Manorama Nassar and Nagesh. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Sabesh-Murali. The film was produced and distributed by Tamil film director S. Shankar. It was the first historical film after 28 years since Maduraiyai Meeta Sundra Pandiyan.
 American Madness is a 1932 American film directed by Frank Capra and starring Walter Huston as a New York banker embroiled in scandal. The story thematically anticipates Capra's 1946 classic It's a Wonderful Life in which Capra repeats the run on the bank scene. This was also Sterling Holloway's feature-film debut.
 Take Down is a 1979 sports film released by Buena Vista Distribution Company about an unqualified teacher who finds himself saddled with coaching duties after a small group of high school seniors form a wrestling team in a last-ditch effort to end a 9-year losing streak against a rival school.
 Near to Earth is a 1913 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Steel Toes is a 2006 film directed by David Gow and Mark Adam and starring David Strathairn. It was filmed in Montréal Quebec and was produced by Galafilm. The film was based on writer/director David Gow's play Cherry Docs.
 Anton is a 1973 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Per Blom starring Bjørn Erik Jessen. 15-year-old Anton Olsson (Jessen) lives in a little village in rural Norway. As his father loses his grip on reality Anton's mother who left home when Anton was little returns.
 Carry On Henry is the 21st of the in the series of Carry On films to be made and was released in 1971. It tells a fictionalised story involving Sid James as Henry VIII who chases after Barbara Windsor's character Bettina. James and Windsor feature alongside other regulars Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Terry Scott and Kenneth Connor. This was the first time that Williams and Connor appeared together since Carry On Cleo seven years previously.
 The Timber Queen is a 1922 American action film serial directed by Fred Jackman. The film is considered to be lost though the UCLA Film and Television Archive has episodes one four eight and nine as does a private collection.
 Prometheus of the Island (Serbo-Croatian: 'Prometej s otoka Viševice') also known in English as Prometheus from the island of Viševica is a 1964 Yugoslav film directed by Vatroslav Mimica. It won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film at the 1965 Pula Film Festival (shared with Aleksandar Petrović's film Three). The film was also entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival winning a Special Diploma.
 The Last Blood is a 1991 Hong Kong action film directed by Wong Jing and starring Alan Tam Andy Lau Eric Tsang and Bryan Leung. The film was released in UK as Hard Boiled 2 although the film was made a year before John Woo's Hard Boiled.
 Kizhakku Vasal is an R. V. Udayakumar-directed Tamil film starring Karthik Revathy and Kushboo in the lead roles. The film was a mega hit and completed 150 days in Chennai and 100 days in other parts of Tamil Nadu. It was a turning point in the actor's career.
 Churchill: The Hollywood Years is a 2004 film directed by Peter Richardson. It stars Christian Slater as Winston Churchill and Neve Campbell as Elizabeth II. Miranda Richardson and Antony Sher also star.The film is a satire on the Hollywood take on history such as U-571 (portraying the capture of an Enigma machine as being by the Americans rather than the Polish and later British) and Pearl Harbor (where American participation in the Battle of Britain was exaggerated).
 Belphegor Phantom of the Louvre (French: Belphégor – Le fantôme du Louvre) is a 2001 French fantasy film directed by Jean-Paul Salomé and starring Sophie Marceau Michel Serrault Frédéric Diefenthal and Julie Christie. Written by Salomé Danièle Thompson and Jérôme Tonnerre the film is about a mummy's spirit that possesses a woman (Sophie Marceau) in the Paris museum.
 Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish-British-German romantic comedy film directed by Peter Howitt based on a story by Aline Brosh McKenna and screenplay by Robert Harling and McKenna. It stars Pierce Brosnan and Julianne Moore. It has grossed $30 million on a budget of $32 million.[citation needed]
 Changing Husbands is a 1924 American silent comedy starring Leatrice Joy and Victor Varconi directed by Frank Urson and written by Sada Cowan and Howard Higgin. The runtime is 70 minutes. It is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
 The Gorilla (1930) is an all-talking pre-code murder mystery comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Bryan Foy. The movie stars Joe Frisco Harry Gribbon Walter Pidgeon and Lila Lee. The film was based on the 1925 play of the same name by Ralph Spence. The 1930 film version was a sound remake of the 1927 silent version which was also produced by First National Pictures.
 The Oklahoma Kid is a 1939 western film starring James Cagney and Humphrey Bogart. The movie was directed for Warner Bros. by Lloyd Bacon. Cagney plays an adventurous gunslinger in a broad-brimmed cowboy hat while Bogart portrays his black-clad and viciously villainous nemesis. The film is often remembered for Cagney's character rubbing the thumb and forefinger of his hand together and exulting Feel that air!The supporting cast features Rosemary Lane Donald Crisp and Ward Bond.
 So's Your Aunt Emma is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough.The film is also known as Meet the Mob.
 Lover Boy is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shomu Mukherjee. It stars Rajiv Kapoor Meenakshi Seshadri and Anita Raj in pivotal roles.
 Birthday Blues is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 118th (31st talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 Paayum Puli is a Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman. It was a blockbuster and completed a 133-day run at the box office.
 Confessions of a Driving Instructor is a 1976 British sex-farce film. This was the third instalment of the Confessions sequence on the erotic adventures of Timothy Lea based on the novels published under the name by Christopher Wood.
 The Lion in Winter is a 1968 historical drama made by Avco Embassy Pictures based on the Broadway play by James Goldman. It was directed by Anthony Harvey and produced by Joseph E.
 The Queen's Secretary (German: Der Sekretär der Königin) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Käthe Dorsch Ressel Orla and Margarete Kupfer. A young Queen secretly marries the commander of her bodyguard but things are complicated when his ex-lover arrives with a touring opera company. The film was widely praised for its direction acting and cinematography.
 Heat and Sunlight is a 1987 independent film written directed by and starring Rob Nilsson. It tells the story of a photojournalist who had worked in Biafra trying to patch up his relationship with his lover.
 Barton Fink is a 1991 American period film written directed produced and edited by the Coen brothers. Set in 1941 it stars John Turturro in the title role as a young New York City playwright who is hired to write scripts for a film studio in Hollywood and John Goodman as Charlie the insurance salesman who lives next door at the run-down Hotel Earle.The Coens wrote the screenplay in three weeks while experiencing difficulty during the writing of Miller's Crossing.
 Truth or Dare: 6th Floor Rear Flat (Chinese: 六樓后座) is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Barbara Wong starring an ensemble cast featuring Karena Lam Candy Lo Juno Mak Teresa Carpio Roy Chow Laurence Chou and Edwin Siu. The film was considered both a critical and commercial success and won various awards in both the 23rd Annual Hong Kong Film Awards and the 40th Annual Golden Horse Awards.
 Bhookh is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by H. Dinesh and Ramesh Puri.
 Thirumanam Enum Nikkah is an upcoming Indian Tamil romance film directed by newcomer M.B.M.MafaZ starring Jai and Nazriya Nazim in the lead roles while Heebah Patel Deekshitha Manikkam and Jamal play supporting roles.
 I Was a Teenage TV Terrorist (also known as Amateur Hour) is a 1985 comedy film directed by Stanford Singer and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The film follows two bored teenagers anarchic troublemaker Paul and aspiring actress Donna as they use Paul's father's TV station to stage an elaborate bomb hoax and throw the media into a frenzy. The film was produced by Susan Kaufman the sister of Lloyd Kaufman the president of Troma Entertainment.
 Iso lo is a 1994 documentary film.
 Nagai Go no Horror Gekijo: Mannequin (永井豪のホラー劇場 マネキン nagai gou no hora^ gekijou manekin translated as Go Nagai's horror theatre: Mannequin) is a Japanese direct-to-video horror film released in 1992 by the Taki Corporation based in an original story by Go Nagai. Nagai appears as part of the regular cast alongside AV idols Sakurako Akino and Anna Takamisawa nude model Ai Komori and Gravure idol Aki Kajiwara
 Alibaba Aradajanu Dongalu is a 1994 Telugu language Indian comedy film written and directed by EVV Satyanarayana and starring Rajendraprasad Ravali Brahmanandam and Rallapalli.
 Smothered is an upcoming 2014 horror movie that was directed and written by John Schneider. The movie stars Kane Hodder Bill Moseley R. A. Mihailoff Malcolm Danare and Don Shanks as several horror icons that find themselves the focus of a murderous hunt.
 Janma Rahasya (Kannada: ಜನ್ಮ ರಹಸ್ಯ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by S. P. N. Krishna. The film stars Rajkumar and Bharathi in lead roles.
 Kung Fu Man also known as Kung Fu Hero is a 2012 Chinese-American Kung Fu film. This film was directed by Yuen Cheung-yan and Ning Ying and produced by Keanu Reeves and starring Tiger Chen Jiang Mengjie Arman Darbo Chyna Mccoy and Vanessa Branch.
 Diamonds is a 1999 comedy film directed by John Mallory Asher and written by Allan Aaron Katz. The film stars Kirk Douglas Dan Aykroyd Lauren Bacall Jenny McCarthy and Corbin Allred.
 Gangnam for Freedom is a 2012 video clip produced by the British sculptor Anish Kapoor. It is a parody of the international K-pop hit single Gangnam Style and it was created to advocate the freedom of expression as well as to support the Chinese dissident Ai Weiwei whose parody of Gangnam Style was blocked by Chinese authorities immediately after it was uploaded.
 Fall Time is a 1995 film directed by Paul Warner and co-written by Paul Skemp and Steve Alden. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 1995.
 House of Numbers is a 1957 classic American film noir based on author Jack Finney's 1957 novel of the same name starring Jack Palance and Barbara Lang.In the film Palance plays two similar-looking brothers: Bill and his younger brother Arnie Judlow.
 The Distant Land (German: Das weite Land) is a 1987 Austrian-German drama film directed by Luc Bondy. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Balls (Swedish: Farsan) is a 2010 Swedish comedy film that was directed by Josef Fares.
 Difret is a 2014 Ethiopian drama film written and directed by Zeresenay Berhane Mehari. The film had its premiere in-competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival. Angelina Jolie served as the executive producer of the film.The film later premiered at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival in the Panorama section where it won the Audience Award.
 Valerie is a 1957 Western film starring Sterling Hayden and Anita Ekberg and Anthony Steel who were married at the time. It was their only film together
 Rubber Carpet is a 1997 Canadian film filmed in black and white starring Jonathan Wilson and Jude Coffey and directed by John May. It received acclaim from audiences at film festivals (such as the Leeds International Film Festival)[citation needed] but failed to find a distribution company. It was filmed in Toronto Ontario for a very small budget (approximately $10000 CDN)[citation needed] and released in April 1997.
 Star Theatre (also known as Demolishing and Building Up the Star Theatre) is a 1901 short documentary film in which time-lapse photography is used to show the dismantling and demolition of New York City's Star Theatre over a period of about a month.Produced by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company it was produced and filmed by F.S. Armitage. It made the National Film Registry in 2002.
 Going All the Way is a 1997 film directed by Mark Pellington. The film was written by Dan Wakefield based on his 1970 novel. It won an award at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Accepted is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Steve Pink and written by Adam Cooper Bill Collage and Mark Perez. The plot follows a group of high school graduates who create their own fake college after being rejected from the colleges to which they applied. The story takes place in Wickliffe and a fictitious college town called Harmon in Ohio. Filming took place in Los Angeles and Orange in California.
 It Started with a Kiss is a 1959 film starring Glenn Ford and Debbie Reynolds. It was directed by George Marshall.
 Double Deal is a 1939 American drama with an all-black cast (a genre at the time called race films) written by Arthur Hoerl produced by George Randol directed by Arthur Dreifuss and released on the independent states-rights market by Sack Amusement Enterprises and Astor Pictures Corp.
 Unfair 2: The Answer (アンフェア the answer) is a 2011 Japanese action film directed by Shimako Satō and a sequel to Unfair: The Movie both based on the Japanese television drama Unfair.
 Pandi Oliperukki Nilayam is a 2012 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Rasu Madhuravan. The film will have Sabarish of Markandeyan fame and Sunaina in the lead roles. The movie was originally called Mike Set Pandi later renamed to Pandi Oli Perukki Nilayam.
 The Arnelo Affair is a 1947 American dramatic film co-written and directed by Arch Oboler and featuring John Hodiak George Murphy Frances Gifford and Dean Stockwell.
 One Night at Susie's (1930) is an all-talking pre-code drama film released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by John Francis Dillon. The movie stars Billie Dove Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Helen Ware and Tully Marshall.
 No Peace Under the Olive Tree is a 1950 Italian film directed by Giuseppe De Santis. It is a realist film.
 Cup Final (Hebrew: גמר גביע‎ gmar gavi'a) is a 1991 Israeli film set during the 1982 invasion of Lebanon by Israel and the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
 Five Days One Summer is a 1982 American drama film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Sean Connery. It was the last film that Zinnemann directed.It is the story of an illicit romance set in the Swiss Alps. Connery plays Douglas a middle-aged Scottish doctor on vacation in the Alps in 1932 with a young woman Kate (Betsy Brantley) whom he introduces as his wife. Douglas has brought Kate to the Alps for a mountain climbing trip.
 Shrimad Virat Veerabrahmendra Swami Charitra (Telugu: శ్రీమద్విరాట్ వీరబ్రహ్మేంద్ర స్వామి చరిత్ర) is a 1984 Telugu hagiographical film acted and directed by N. T. Rama Rao and produced by Ramakrishna Cine Studios. NTR portrayed the characters of Gautama Buddha Vemana Ramanuja and Adi Shankara in addition to the title role of Pothuluri Veerabrahmam. NTR acted in this film while he was the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh.
 Lock Out is the title of a 1973 full-length film by Spanish artist and director Antoni Padrós.The recently restored film is an allegory of political oppression under Franco with a plot alternating between narrative sequences and dream-like moments styled after the Spanish avant garde.
 Recollections of Pavlovsk (Russian: Vospominaniye o Pavlovske) is a 1984 Soviet short documentary film directed by Irina Kalinina. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Dance of Life (1929) is the first of three film adaptations of the popular Broadway play Burlesque the others being Swing High Swing Low (1937) and When My Baby Smiles at Me (1948). The Dance of Life was shot at Paramount Pictures (Astoria New York) Studio made with Technicolor sequences directed by John Cromwell and A. Edward Sutherland.
 Pictura: An Adventure in Art (1951) is a documentary film directed by seven famous directors and narrated by several famous Hollywood actors including Vincent Price Gregory Peck Henry Fonda Martin Gabel and Lilli Palmer.The film attempts to give the general filmgoing public a taste of art history and art appreciation. The film won a Special Award at the Golden Globes in 1952.
 Bye Bye Monkey (Italian: Ciao maschio French: Rêve de singe) is a 1978 Italian-French film directed by Marco Ferreri and starring Gérard Depardieu Marcello Mastroianni James Coco and Geraldine Fitzgerald. It is about a man who finds a baby chimpanzee in a giant King Kong prop and decides to raise it like a son. It was filmed in English and shot in Long Island New York.
 Malaspina is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Armando Fizzarotti and starring Vera Rol Aldo Bufi Landi and Rino Genovese. It is a melodrama based on a popular song of the same name. Its story of female wrongdoing and ultimate redemption was characteristic of Neapolitan-style cinema. A young woman promises to be faithful to her lover when he goes off to fight in the Second World War. However in his absence she becomes a prostitute and takes up with a notorious criminal.
 Voyager (German: Homo Faber) is a 1991 English language drama film directed by Volker Schlöndorff and starring Sam Shepard Julie Delpy and Barbara Sukowa.
 Los Chicos crecen is a 1976 Argentine film directed by Enrique Carreras.
 The Business is a 2005 film written and directed by Nick Love. The film stars Danny Dyer Tamer Hassan and Roland Manookian all of which were in Love's previous film The Football Factory. It also stars Geoff Bell and Georgina Chapman. The plot of The Business follows the Greek tragedy-like rise and fall of a young cockney's career within a drug importing business run by a group of British ex-pat fugitive criminals living on the coast of the Costa del Sol (aka the Costa del Crime) in Spain.
 Mister Buddwing is a 1966 American film drama directed by Delbert Mann and starring James Garner .The film depicts a well-dressed man who finds himself on a bench in Central Park with no idea who he is.
 Bad Boys (不良少年 Furyō shōnen) is a Japanese film directed by Susumu Hani in 1961 about juvenile delinquents. Since Hani had a background in documentary he shot Bad Boys his first feature-length fiction film in a documentary style using nonprofessional actors black and white hand-held cinematography and location shooting. It was voted the best film of 1961 in the poll of film critics by Kinema Junpo and has been considered one of the films to launch the Japanese New Wave.
 And That on Monday Morning (German: Und das am Montagmorgen) is a 1959 West German comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Archer is a 1985 Australian TV movie about the true story of Archer the first horse to win the Melbourne Cup and his 17-year-old strapper Dave Power. Filmed in New South Wales' Sydney outskirts Baulkham Hills Megalong Valley and Snowy Mountains and Victoria's Melbourne.
 Macao is a 1952 black-and-white film noir adventure film directed by Josef von Sternberg and Nicholas Ray. Producer Howard Hughes fired director von Sternberg during filming and hired Nicholas Ray to finish it. The drama features Robert Mitchum Jane Russell William Bendix and Gloria Grahame.
 There was also a Two Ronnies mini-series of this name.Stop You're Killing Me is a 1952 film directed by Roy Del Ruth. It stars Broderick Crawford and Claire Trevor.
 Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes is a 2010 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the first Tom and Jerry direct-to-video film to be produced without any of its original creators William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. In the city of London a crook is stealing jewels around the Scotland Yard and Red a beautiful singer is being framed for this crime.
 Night Life in Reno is a 1931 American film directed by Raymond Cannon.
 The Reluctant Saint is a 1962 film which tells a somewhat fictionalized version of the story of Joseph of Cupertino a 17th-century Italian Conventual Franciscan friar and mystic who is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church. It stars Maximilian Schell as Joseph as well as Ricardo Montalban Lea Padovani Akim Tamiroff and Harold Goldblatt.
 Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye is a 1950 film noir starring James Cagney directed by Gordon Douglas produced by William Cagney and based on the novel by Horace McCoy. The film was banned in Ohio as a sordid sadistic presentation of brutality and an extreme presentation of crime with explicit steps in commission.Supporting Cagney are Luther Adler as a crooked lawyer Ward Bond and Barton MacLane as two crooked cops and Cagney's brother William (who produced the film) as Ralph Cotter's brother.
 Maa Tujhhe Salaam (Hindi: माँ तुम्हें सलाम) is an action/ patriotic film directed by Tinu Verma released on January 25 2002. This movie stars Sunny Deol Tabu and Arbaaz Khan. This film was released when tensions were high between India and Pakistan.
 The Heart's Cry (French: Le Cri du coeur) is a 1994 Burkinabé/French drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo.
 Pronto ad uccidere (Italian: Ready to kill) is a 1976 Italian crime thriller film directed by Franco Prosperi and starring Ray Lovelock Martin Balsam and Elke Sommer. it was also released as Meet Him and Die and Risking.
 Rise Fair Sun (朝やけの詩 Asayake no uta) is a 1973 Japanese drama film directed by Kei Kumai. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Blind Man's Bluff is a 1952 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Zena Marshall Sydney Tafler and Anthony Pendrell.
 Sensitive New Age Killer is a 2001 Australian film.
 Strangeland is a 1998 American horror film written by Dee Snider and directed by John Pieplow. The film focuses on the body modification underground culture's rituals. The film was filmed in the Colorado Springs vicinity.
 The Frightened Man is a 1952 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Dermot Walsh Barbara Murray and Charles Victor. It is also known by the alternative title of Rosselli and Son and was shot at Twickenham and Riverside Studios. Its plot concerns a son of a rag-and-bone man who suffers a dramatic fall from grace.
 Crash of the Moons is a 75-minute 1954 American science fiction film consisting of three consecutive episodes of the TV series Rocky Jones Space Ranger which constituted a complete story. It was released only on 16mm for home movie rental and television syndication. It was directed by Hollingsworth Morse. The film is now in the Public Domain.
 The Avenger (German: Der Rächer) is a 1960 West German crime film directed by Karl Anton and starring Heinz Drache.
 Appropriate Behavior is an American comedy film which premiered on January 18 2014 at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.
 Aao Pyaar Karen is a 1994 Indian Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Ravindra Peepat starring Saif Ali Khan as Raja and Shilpa Shetty as Chhaya. It is a remake of the Tamil movie Chembaruthi (starring Prasanth and Roja).Wealthy Suraj lives in a palatial house with his mom Anjali and dad.
 Du Barry Woman of Passion is a 1930 talking film drama starring Norma Talmadge produced by her husband Joseph Schenck released through United Artists and based on a 1901 stage play Du Barry written and produced by David Belasco and starring Mrs. Leslie Carter. This film is the second talking picture of silent star Talmadge and also her last motion picture. Barely acceptable prints of this film survive in the Library of Congress.
 A Soul Haunted by Painting (Chinese: 画魂; pinyin: huàhún) (also known as Soul of a Painter and Pan Yu Liang (Pan Yuliang) a Woman Painter) is a 1994 Chinese film starring Gong Li and directed by Huang Shuqin.It is loosely based on the life of Pan Yuliang a former prostitute turned painter.
 Countdown is a 1968 film directed by Robert Altman based on the novel The Pilgrim Project by Hank Searls. It stars James Caan and Robert Duvall as astronauts vying to be the first American to walk on the Moon as part of a crash program to beat the Soviet Union.
 Mr. St. Nick is a 2002 Christmas comedy-fantasy film starring Kelsey Grammer. It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and shown on ABC in the United States. It was first broadcast as an episode of ABC's Wonderful World of Disney anthology on November 17 2002.It was set mainly in Miami Florida United States even though it was filmed in Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 Lost Empires is a 1986 television adaptation of J. B. Priestley's novel of the same name and starred Colin Firth John Castle and Laurence Olivier. Produced by Granada Television it was shown as a serial and premiered on the UK's ITV network in October and November 1986.
 Un par de roba chicos is a 1967 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina.
 Nightmare City (Italian: Incubo Sulla Cittá Contaminata) is a 1980 Italian-Spanish zombie film directed by Umberto Lenzi. The film stars Hugo Stiglitz as the television news reporter Dean Miller who waits at a European airport for the arrival of a scientist. A military plane makes an emergency landing where it opens its doors to reveal dozens of zombies who promptly stab and shoot the military personnel waiting outside.
 Glasha and Kikimora (Russian: Глаша и Кикимора) is a 1992 Russian Animation film by Alexander Mazaev. This cartoon was produced by Soyuzmultfilm studio. Glasha and Kikimora is The Fairy Tale cartoon.
 Chalo Paltai (Meaning: Let's Change) is a 2011 Bengali film based on the lives and desires of the present generation children. Directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by Mahendra Soni and Shrikant Mohtaunder the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films the film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Aryann Bhowmik in the lead roles playing the roles of father and son respectively.This film is based on the Marathi film Shikshanacha Aaicha Gho!.
 Admiral (Russian: Адмиралъ) is a 2008 biopic about Alexander Kolchak a Vice-Admiral in the Imperial Russian Navy and leader of the anti-communist White Movement during the Russian Civil War. The film also depicts the love triangle between the Admiral his wife and the poet Anna Timiryova.According to director Andrei Kravchuk [The film is] about a man who tries to create history to take an active part in history as he gets caught in the turmoil.
 King Lear (1983) is a video production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name directed by Michael Elliott. It was broadcast in 1983 in the UK and in 1984 in the US.Elliott set his Lear in an environment resembling Stonehenge although the production was entirely shot in a studio. The somewhat out-of-focus effect that one sees at certain moments is because mist pervades the setting in several scenes.
 The Message (Chinese: 风声; pinyin: Fēngshēng literally Sound of the Wind) is a 2009 espionage thriller set in 1942 Nanking featuring a cast of top Chinese stars.
 Mit Oswald in der Oper is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 The Duke Is Tops is a 1938 American musical film released by Million Dollar Productions and directed by William Nolte. The film was later released in 1943 under the title The Bronze Venus with Lena Horne given top billing.The film was one of a number of low-budgeted musicals (or race movies) made in the 1930s and 1940s for the African-American market.
 Gorosthaney Sabdhan (Bengali: গোরস্থানে সাবধান) is a 2010 thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray. The film was released on 10 December 2010. It is different from most other Feluda stories in the sense that this story is based on Feluda's hometown Kolkata (Calcutta). Most of Feluda's adventures take place as he and his company go to visit some place in India or outside. Here however Calcutta itself is the setting.
 Tender Mercies is a 1983 American drama film directed by Bruce Beresford. The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas. Robert Duvall plays the role of Mac; the supporting cast includes Tess Harper Betty Buckley Wilford Brimley Ellen Barkin and Allan Hubbard.Financed by EMI Films Tender Mercies was shot largely in Waxahachie Texas.
 Lost Honeymoon is a 1947 American film directed by Leigh Jason. The tag line calls it A romantic comedy of amnesia and amore. The working title of the film was Amy Comes Across.
 Daivathinte Swantham Cleetus is a 2013 Malayalam Action film directed by debutante director Marthandan and scripted by Benny P Nayarambalam. Set against the backdrop of theatre Mammootty plays the title role of Cleetus a theatre artiste. Honey Rose Aju Varghese Rejith Menon and Sanam Shetty play prominent roles in the film. The film was shot in Thodupuzha Kerala and nearby locations. It was released on 12 September 2013.
 Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who! is a 2008 American computer-animated adventure comedy film based on the Dr. Seuss' book of the same name. The film was directed by Jimmy Hayward and Steve Martino and was produced by Blue Sky Studios. It features the voices of Jim Carrey and Steve Carell. Released on March 14 2008 by 20th Century Fox it received generally positive reviews and grossed $297 million on a budget of $85 million.The film is the third Dr. Seuss feature film adaptation the second Dr.
 Kadaksham is a 2010 Malayalam film by Sasi Paravoor starring Suresh Gopi Shwetha Menon and Shwetha Vijay.
 Up the Academy is an American teen comedy film released in 1980 with a plot about the outrageous antics of a group of misfits at a military school.
 The Crimson Code also known as Red Team is a 1999 crime thriller film starring Patrick Muldoon C. Thomas Howell Cathy Moriarty Tim Thomerson and Fred Ward.
 Maya Nagari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 The Wings of the Dove (French: Les Ailes de la colombe) is a 1981 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Paisa Vasool is a 2004 Indian film directed by Srinivas Bhashyam starring Manisha Koirala and Sushmita Sen. The film is remake of High Heels and Low Lifes. Manisha Koirala's debut as producer. The film failed at the box office and received negative reviews upon release for the film and the soundtrack
 The Shining is a 1980 British-American psychological horror film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick co-written with novelist Diane Johnson and starring Jack Nicholson Shelley Duvall Danny Lloyd and Scatman Crothers. The film is based on Stephen King's novel of the same name though there are significant changes.In the film Jack Torrance a writer and recovering alcoholic takes a job as an off-season caretaker at an isolated hotel called the Overlook Hotel.
 The Wonders (Italian: Le meraviglie) is an upcoming Italian drama film directed by Alice Rohrwacher. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mambo Italiano is a 2003 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Émile Gaudreault. The screenplay was written by Gaudreault and Steve Galluccio based on Galluccio's theatrical play by the same name. Both the play and the film are based on Galluccio's own life and experiences.
 Bharathi (Tamil: பாரதி) is a National Film Award-winning 2000 Indian Tamil-language film starring Sayaji Shinde Devayani and Nizhalgal Ravi. It is a biographical film based on the life of Mahakavi Subramaniya Bharathiyaar.The film was directed by Gnana Rajasekaran and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil for the year 2000.
 Kattu Vitachavan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 The Recruiter is a 2008 documentary film directed by Edet Belzberg.One of every four high school graduates cannot pass the basic military entrance exam. Couple that with high obesity and rise of criminal records means there is a much lower chance of getting military recruits. Despite these obstacles recruitment numbers are hitting their marks. The economic crisis is giving way to more willing recruits and many of them have one of the key measures to join a high school diploma.
 A Hologram for the King is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Tom Tykwer based on the 2012 novel of the same name written by Dave Eggers. The film stars Tom Hanks Tom Skerritt and Sarita Choudhury.
 Italians and Other Strangers is a gay pornographic film produced by Lucas Kazan Productions in 2008 on its 10th anniversary. Some people see porn as purely a function of quick sexual release writes FriskyFans.org. and then there are others who can see porn as a potential artistic outlet of beauty one where sex is not degrading but an elevating celebration.
 Coyote is a 2007 independent film created by Brian Petersen and Brett Spackman. After a friend's son is deported to Mexico the two main characters smuggle him back into the United States. After seeing the desperate plight and unscrupulous people who are generally involved in smuggling people into the United States the friends decide to apply business principles to the issue. They set up a business venture to smuggle more people in for profit becoming coyote smugglers.
 Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Story (French: L'esprit Frappeur) is a 2012 documentary film by American director Brad Bernstein. The documentary details the life and times of renegade children's book author and illustrator Tomi Ungerer. Far Out had its North American premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Anti-Semitism in the 21st Century: The Resurgence is a documentary film that first aired on PBS on January 8 2007. Directed produced and written by Andrew Goldberg this documentary hosted by Judy Woodruff examines the roots of modern antisemitism and why it flourishes today.
 Airtight is an upcoming American drama thriller film written produced and directed by Derek Estlin Purvis. An homage to Alfred Hitchcock Airtight is based on the true events that inspired a play in the 1920s an adaptation by Hitchcock in the 1940s and this feature film from 2013. Airtight made good on its attempt to complete the film in fewer shots than Hitchcock did with his capturing it in full in just 4 shots.
 One Page of Love (French: Une page d'amour) is a 1978 French-Belgian film directed by Maurice Rabinowicz. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Children of the Century (French: Les Enfants du Siècle) is a 1999 French film based on the true tale of the tumultuous love affair between two French literary icons of the 19th Century novelist George Sand (Juliette Binoche) and poet Alfred de Musset (Benoît Magimel).
 Shaitan (translation: Devil) is a 2011 Hindi thriller film directed by Bejoy Nambiar starring Rajeev Khandelwal Kalki Koechlin Gulshan Devaiya Shiv Pandit Neil Bhoopalam Kirti Kulhari Rajit Kapoor Pawan Malhotra and Rajkummar Rao. The film was released on 10 June 2011.
 Las tres viudas de papá (The Three Widows of Father) is a 1942 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel Zacarías. It stars Sara García. Produced by Manuel Sereijo it was distributed by Grovas y Cía.The film was one of three successive Zacarías comedies starring Chato Órtín and Sara García.
 Suspect X (容疑者Xの献身 Yōgisha Ekkusu no Kenshin) is a 2008 Japanese mystery-thriller film based on the novel The Devotion of Suspect X directed by Hiroshi Nishitani. The film was a continuation of the popular Japanese serial drama Galileo and included the same cast. It topped Japan's box office for four consecutive weeks and was the third-highest grossing Japanese movie in 2008. The soundtrack was released on October 1 2008.
 Uzhaippali (Tamil: உழைப்பாளி) (English: Hardworker) (1993) is a love-comedy Tamil language movie directed by the Tamil Director P. Vasu. It stars Rajinikanth and Radha Ravi in the lead roles. The film was much in news as distributors banned Rajini movies and to resolve the issue Rajini met Kamal Haasan and the next day Uzhaippali was announced. The film was released straight in theatres without the support of distributors. Movie was mega hit blockbuster ran 150 days at the Box office.
 Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai is a 2010 Indian period gangster film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ekta Kapoor. It stars Ajay Devgan Emraan Hashmi Prachi Desai Kangna Ranaut and Randeep Hooda. The film produced under Balaji Motion Pictures and released on 30 July 2010 received some positive reviews from critics.
 Kalayum Kaminiyum is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1963. E J Philip popularly known by his pen name Kaanam E. J. wasknown for his social novels. Some of them were made into films. He wrote a few plays too. One of his short plays Kalayum Changalayum became very popular after it was published in a Malayalam weekly. P. Subramaniam came up with the screen version of this play under the title Kalayum Kaminiyum.
 Jazz Mama is a documentary film.
 The Dark Place is an upcoming mystery-thriller film written and directed by Jody Wheeler. It is produced by J.T. Tepnapa and Carlos Pedraza. It stars Blaise Embry Timo Descamps Sean Paul Lockhart and Eduardo Rioseco. The film is a twisted thrill ride of betrayal hope greed love — and mommy issues having a gay main character makes familiar worlds and genres become brand new landscapes. The film was shot in Hillsboro and Portland Oregon USA. It was produced by Blue Seraph Productions.
 Kodungalluramma is a 1968 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Taming of the fire (Russian: Укрощение огня) is a 1972 film directed by Daniil Khrabrovitsky and starring Kirill Lavrov.).
 Volga rebels (Chuvash: Atăl pălhavçisem) is a black and white silent movie directed by Paul Petrov-Bytov. The film shows the struggle of the Chuvash people for their rights at the beginning of the 20th century. The movie created in Chuvash Republic. Destroyed.
 Son of the Renegade is a 1953 American film directed by Reg Browne.
 Fighting is a 2009 sports action drama film directed by Dito Montiel with a screenplay by Robert Munic and Montiel and starring Channing Tatum Terrence Howard and Luis Guzmán. It was released on April 24 2009 in the United States by Rogue Pictures.
 Janatar Aadalat is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Manoj Thakur.
 Exit the Dragon Enter the Tiger (Chinese title: 天皇巨星; Cantonese: Tian huang ju xing) also released as Bruce Lee: The Star of Stars is a 1976 Bruceploitation film starring Bruce Li as David Lee. The title is a play on the Bruce Lee film Enter the Dragon and is one of the most well-known films in the Bruceploitation genre.
 Brushfire! is a 1962 low budget black-and-white jungle warfare adventure exploitation film produced directed and co-written by Jack Warner Jr the only son of Jack L. Warner of Warner Bros.. Warner planned on making two more films under his Obelisk Productions company but they were never produced. It was filmed at the time of the beginning of American involvement in Viet Nam and Laos brushfire conflicts.
 Wham-Bam-Slam! is the 164th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Marriage of Figaro (German:Figaros Hochzeit) is a 1949 East German musical film directed by Georg Wildhagen and starring Angelika Hauff Willy Domgraf-Fassbaender and Sabine Peters. It was based on the opera The Marriage of Figaro by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Lorenzo da Ponte which was itself based on the play The Marriage of Figaro by Pierre Beaumarchais. The film was made by DEFA the state studio of East Germany. It sold 5479427 tickets.
 The Postman from Longjumeau (German: Der Postillon von Lonjumeau) is a 1936 Austrian-Swiss musical comedy film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Carl Esmond Rose Stradner and Alfred Neugebauer. The film is known by several alternative titles including Der König lächelt - Paris lacht (The King Smiles - Paris Laughs). It is loosely based on the 1836 opera Le postillon de Lonjumeau by Adolphe Adam.
 Johnny Get Your Hair Cut is a 1927 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and featuring Harry Carey.
 Comanche is a 1956 western film directed by George Sherman and starring Dana Andrews. The film has a theme song A Man Is As Good As His Word sung by The Lancers.
 The Anchorite (Spanish: El anacoreta) is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Estelrich. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival where Fernando Fernán Gómez won the Silver Bear for Best Actor.
 Roselyne et les lions (Roselyne and the Lions) is a 1989 French film directed by Jean-Jacques Beineix.Thierry does odd jobs in a zoo in Marseille in exchange for lessons from Frazier the lion trainer. He meets Roselyne and they leave together to find work. They are taken on by a circus in Munich and achieve success as lion trainers when the trainer Klint loses his nerve
 The Snake King also known as Snakeman is a Sci Fi Pictures original film that premiered April 8 2005 on the Sci Fi Channel. The fact that the film was released a year after Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid is widely noted in many criticisms.
 Licántropo also known as Lycantropus: The Moonlight Murders or Lycantropus: The Full Moon Killer is a 1996 Spanish horror film that is the eleventh in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky played by Paul Naschy.
 St. Benny the Dip is a 1951 American film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. The film is also known as Escape If You Can in the United Kingdom.The film opens with one of the few depictions of the East River maritime area of New York City many years before it became the South Street Seaport tourist attraction.
 Bunshinsaba (Chinese title: 筆仙) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki. The film has the same title as Ahn Byeong-ki 2004 film Bunshinsaba but contains an unrelated plot. The film is set in Beijing where Xiao Ai (Mei Ting) has her horror novel rejected by her patient publisherfinds out her ex-husband Qi Kun (Wu Chao) has been released from prison and is looking for Xiao Ai and her asthmatic son Xiao Xin (Zhu Jiangdi).
 Devil Girl is a 2007 thriller film directed by Howie Askins and stars Jessica Graham Tim Abell and Vanessa Kay.
 The Belle of Broadway is a 1926 silent romantic drama produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was directed by Harry O. Hoyt and starred Betty Compson. This film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
 Moonrunners is a 1975 film starring James Mitchum which would be reworked several years later into the popular long-running television series The Dukes of Hazzard and as such the two productions share many identical and similar concepts. Mitchum had co-starred with his father Robert Mitchum in the similar drive-in favorite Thunder Road eighteen years earlier which also focused upon moonshine-running bootleggers eluding federal agents with fast cars.
 It is Fine! EVERYTHING IS FINE. is a 2007 film directed by David Brothers and Crispin Glover. Production is credited to Glover's Volcanic Eruptions company. The film was funded by Crispin Glover.The film was written by and stars Utah writer-actor Steven C.
 The Fugitive is a 1993 American thriller film based on the 1960s television series of the same name created by Roy Huggins. The film was directed by Andrew Davis and stars Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones. After being wrongfully convicted for the murder of his wife Dr. Richard Kimble (Ford) escapes from custody and is declared a fugitive. He sets out to prove his innocence and bring those who were responsible to justice while being pursued relentlessly by a team of U.S.
 Graustark is a 1915 silent film drama-adventure produced by the Essanay Studios. The novel Graustark by George Barr McCutcheon was the basis for the film. The film starred romantic team Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne and proved one of their most popular vehicles. Fred E. Wright directed the film which is now lost. The film was remade by Fox in 1923 under the title Truxton King with John Gilbert and in 1925 as Graustark with Norma Talmadge.
 Ezhavathu Manithan (The Seventh Man) (1982) is a Tamil film directed by K. Hariharan. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by L. Vaidyanathan. The film met with widespread critical acclaim upon release winning the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. It was also nominated for the Golden St. George prize at the Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Catered Affair (1956) also known as Wedding Party is a family drama film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by Richard Brooks and produced by Sam Zimbalist from a screenplay by Gore Vidal based on a television play by Paddy Chayefsky. The film score was by André Previn and the cinematography by John Alton.The film stars Bette Davis Ernest Borgnine Debbie Reynolds Barry Fitzgerald and Rod Taylor.
 Act of God is a 2009 Canadian documentary film that investigates the metaphysical effects of being struck by lightning. It was directed by Jennifer Baichwal (Manufactured Landscapes) and distributed by Zeitgeist Films. The film's world premier was at the 2009 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto on 30 April 2009. It went on general release in Canada on 1 May 2009 and limited release in the United States on 31 July 2009.
 Synthetic Sin is a 1929 film directed by William A. Seiter based on a play of the same name.
 Birds of a Feather is a 1936 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring George Robey Horace Hodges and Eve Lister. A sausage-making tycoon rents a castle from an impoverished aristocrat. It was adapted from the play A Rift in the Loot by George Foster.
 Critters 4 is a 1992 science fiction comedy horror film starring Don Keith Opper Terrence Mann Angela Bassett and Brad Dourif. It was directed by Rupert Harvey and written by Harvey Barry Opper Joseph Lyle and David J. Schow. It is the fourth and final film in the Critters series. Unlike the first three films this installment takes place not on earth but on a future space station.
 King of the Ritz is a 1933 British musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and Herbert Smith and starring Stanley Lupino Betty Stockfeld and Hugh Wakefield. While working at a top hotel the head porter falls in love with a wealthy female guest. Song words by Clifford Grey (Original words by Serge Veber). Music by Raoul Moretti.... song titles You'll Fall in Love......Loving You Brings Me GladnessMusic information taken from the tenth edition of the talkie song book (1936)
 Serious Charge is a 1959 film now most notable for being Cliff Richard’s screen acting début in a very minor supporting role playing a layabout teenage musician called Curley Thompson.The film was adapted from a stage play written by Philip King. One of the teenage delinquent gang members was played by another 1950s rock and roll star the uncredited Jess Conrad in an early acting performance.
 Hairpins is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
 The Cohens and Kellys in Trouble is a 1933 comedy film starring George Sidney Charlie Murray and Maureen O'Sullivan. The film is the last in the Cohens and Kellys series and the first director credit for George Stevens.
 Promise of the Flesh (Hangul: 육체의 약속; RR: Yukche-ui yaksok) is an award-winning 1975 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 The Romantics is a 2010 romantic comedy film based on the novel of the same name by Galt Niederhoffer who also wrote the screenplay and directed the film.
 Kujiratori (くじらとり lit. Whale Hunt) is a short film shown only in the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka Japan. The film has a running time of 16 minutes. It is drawn in a different simpler style compared to other Studio Ghibli films and uses bright pastel colors.Kujiratori tells the story of school children pretending they are building a boat. As imagination replaces reality they find themselves on the ocean hunting for a whale.
 Ernest Goes to Jail is a 1990 Touchstone Pictures comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney. It is the fourth film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell. It was shot in Nashville and Tennessee State Penitentiary. This is the second most successful of the Ernest films behind Ernest Saves Christmas. It was in third place during its opening weekend earning $6143372. Total gross was $25029569.
 The Third Eye is a 1920 American film serial directed by James W. Horne. The film is considered to be lost.
 Joy of Learning (French: Le Gai savoir) is a 1969 film by Jean-Luc Godard. The shooting started before the events of May 68 and was finished shortly afterwards. Coproduced by the O.R.T.F. the film was upon completion rejected by French national television then released in the cinema where it was subsequently banned by the French government. The film was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival. The title is a reference to Nietzsche's The Gay Science[citation needed].
 Iceland (1942) is a 20th Century Fox musical film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone set in Iceland starring skater Sonja Henie and John Payne as a U.S. Marine posted in Iceland during World War II. The film was titled Katina in Great Britain and Marriage on Ice in Australia.Fox reteamed their two leads and director from the previous year's musical Sun Valley Serenade and set the story in the then contemporary American Marine landing and occupation of Iceland in 1941.
 Sano Sansar (Nepali: सानो संसार translation: Small World) is a 2008 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Alok Nembang. The film has a massive star cast which includes Neer Shah and newcomers Mahesh Shakya ( popularly known Karma) Jivan Luitel and Namrata Shrestha. Sano Sansar is director Alok Nembang's directorial debut and is the second Nepali HD movie made after Kagbeni.The movie is heavily influenced by the Korean movie My Sassy Girl and the English-language movie You've Got Mail.
 Harmony Lessons (Kazakh: Асланның сабақтары Russian: Уроки гармонии) is a 2013 Kazakh-German drama film directed by Emir Baigazin. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival where Aziz Zhambakiyev won the award for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 Lucky Ladies is a 1932 British comedy film directed by John Rawlins and starring Sydney Fairbrother Emily Fitzroy and Tracy Holmes. Some sisters inherit a large sum of money.
 Border Cafe is a 1937 Western film directed by Lew Landers and starring Harry Carey.
 His Excellency is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Robert Hamer and starring Eric Portman Cecil Parker Helen Cherry. It follows a blunt Yorkshireman who is sent to take over as Governor of a British-ruled island in the Mediterranean.
 Something Out of Nothing (Bulgarian: От нищо нещо / Ot nishto neshto) is a Bulgarian comedy film released in 1979 directed by Nikola Rudarov starring Asen Kisimov Stefan Danailov and Aneta Sotirova.In a comical manner the movie tells the story how the ridiculous prejudices of the people in the countryside can bring troubles just like that when two different lifestyles are faced to each other.
 Cry in the Wild: The Taking of Peggy Ann is a 1991 American film directed by Charles Correll. The plot is based on the true story of the abduction of Peggy Ann Bradnick by an ex-convict and ex-mental patient William Diller Hollenbaugh which took place in Shade Gap Pennsylvania on May 11 1966. The film was aired on NBC.
 Rango is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy western film directed by Gore Verbinski and produced by Graham King. Rango was a critical and commercial success and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.In the film Rango a chameleon accidentally ends up in the town of Dirt an outpost that is in desperate need of a new sheriff.
 Let Us Live is a 1939 crime thriller film diredted by John Brahm starring Maureen O'Sullivan Henry Fonda and Ralph Bellamy.The script of the film was adapted from the 1936 Harper's Magazine story Murder in Massachusetts by Joseph F. Dinneen about a real criminal case. In 1934 two Boston taxi drivers were identified by several witnesses as the culprits who murdered a man during a theater robbery in Lynn Massachusetts.
 Mumtaz Mahal is a 1944 Indian Bollywood film. It was the sixth highest grossing Indian film of 1944.
 for the 1911 Australian film see The Double Event (1911 film)The Double Event is a 1934 British film directed by Leslie Howard Gordon. It marked the screen debut of Bernard Lee.
 The Last Train (German: Der letzte Zug) is a 2006 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and Dana Vávrová and starring Gedeon Burkhard Lale Yavas and Lena Beyerling. The film depicts the fate of some of the last remaining Jews in Berlin who in April 1943 were rounded up at the Berlin-Grunewald station and sent to the Nazi concentration camp at Auschwitz.
 Man and Woman is a 1920 silent film drama produced by A. H. Fischer Inc. Directors were Charles Logue and B. A. Rolfe with Gene O'Donnell and Conrad Wells (as A. Fried) as cinematographers. Logue wrote the story and the screenplay.
 The Woman of the Port (Spanish: La Mujer del Puerto) is a 1934 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Arcady Boytler and starring Andrea Palma. The film is based on the novel Le Port by French author Guy de Maupassant.
 Change of Habit is a 1969 American musical drama film directed by William A. Graham and starring Elvis Presley and Mary Tyler Moore. Written by James Lee S.S. Schweitzer and Eric Bercovici based on a story by John Josephand Richard Morris the film is about three Catholic nuns preparing for their final vows who are sent to a rough inner city neighborhood dressed as lay missionaries to work at a clinic run by a young doctor.
 Blue Film Woman (ブルーフィルムの女 Burū firumu no onna) is a 1969 Japanese pink film directed by Kan Mukai.
 Vampire is a 2011 dramatic horror-thriller film that was directed and written by Shunji Iwai. It was first released on January 22 2011 at the Sundance Film Festival and is the first film he has directed in English. The movie stars Kevin Zegers as a teacher that believes himself to be a blood-drinking vampire.
 Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is a 2012 American dark fantasy action film directed by Timur Bekmambetov based on the 2010 mashup novel of the same name. The novel's author Seth Grahame-Smith wrote the screenplay with Simon Kinberg. Benjamin Walker stars as the title character with supporting roles by Dominic Cooper Anthony Mackie Mary Elizabeth Winstead Rufus Sewell and Marton Csokas.
 The Price of Divorce is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Miriam Seegar Wyndham Standing and Frances Day. A Doctor's wife wishes to marry her lover and so concocts a charge of adultery against her husband in order to divorce him. It was based on a novel by Reginald Fogwell. It was made at Cricklewood Studios by Stoll Pictures.
 Sexting in Suburbia (sometimes called Shattered Silence) is a 2012 Lifetime movie starring Liz Vassey Jenn Proske Ryan Kelley and Kelli Goss.
 Keep on Masturbating: Non-Stop Pleasure (連続ＯＮＡＮＩＥ　乱れっぱなし Renzoku onanie: midareppanashi) aka Serial Masturbation: Disorder is a 1994 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiya Ueno. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the 1994 Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Chilakamma Cheppindi (Telugu: చిలకమ్మ చెప్పింది) is a 1977 Telugu film is directed by Eranki Sharma. It won the Nandi award for 1977 in the best feature film category. This was perhaps Rajinikanth's first lead role. The movie was later remade in Tamil as Nizhal Nijamagiradhu by K. Balachander in Tamil with kamal Hassan in the lead role.
 Sikke'n familie is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Swayamvara Panthal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
 Nightmares is a 1983 horror anthology film made up of four stories starring Emilio Estevez Lance Henriksen Cristina Raines Veronica Cartwright and Richard Masur. The film is directed by veteran Joseph Sargent (who famously helmed The Taking of Pelham One Two Three and later Jaws: The Revenge) and began as a television project.
 Maciste alla corte del Gran Khan also known as Samson and the Seven Miracles of the World and Maciste at the Court of the Great Khan is a 1961 Italian/French international co-production starring Gordon Scott. The film reused the sets extras and Yoko Tani as a princess from Marco Polo and Freda's The Mongols. The film was distributed in North America by American International Pictures who changed the identity of the title character from Maciste to Samson.
 Akku is a Tamil film starring Anu Hasan and Riyaz Khan that flopped at the box-office.
 It Doesn't Hurt Me (Russian: Мне не больно: Mne ne bolno) is a 2006 Russian film directed by Aleksey Balabanov. The film was released on June 15 2006 in Russia and stars Renata Litvinova Aleksandr Yatsenko and Dmitriy Dyuzhev as three young adults living in St.Petersburg.
 Kamakalawa is a 1981 Filipino fantasy film directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon and Tetchie Agbayani.
 De Flat is a 1994 Dutch mystery film directed by Ben Verbong.De Flat (also known as House Call) is a R-Rated film for nudity and strong sexuality scenes.
 Fugitive in Trieste (Italian: Clandestino a Trieste) is a 1951 Italian war-drama film directed by Guido Salvini and starring Doris Duranti Jacques Sernas and Massimo Girotti . It was one of a number of films of the era (including Sleeping Car to Trieste and Diplomatic Courier) that used Trieste as a backdrop often highlighting its cosmopolitan nature and as a borderline between different powers due to the Trieste question.
 If you haven't seen this movie you should go see it
 Figlio mio infinitamente caro (internationally released as My Dearest Son) is a 1985 Italian drama film. It rapresents the last film written and directed by Valentino Orsini. It is also the film debut of Italian actor Sergio Rubini.
 Cruising is a 1980 psychological thriller film written and directed by William Friedkin and starring Al Pacino. The film is loosely based on the novel of the same name by The New York Times reporter Gerald Walker about a serial killer targeting gay men in particular those associated with the S&M scene.Poorly reviewed by critics Cruising was a modest financial success though the filming and promotion were dogged by gay rights protesters.
 Nurse is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 This article is about the 1944 film. For the video game see Rambo: First Blood Part II (Master System game).Secret Command is a 1944 American drama film directed by A. Edward Sutherland. It stars Pat O'Brien and Carole Landis. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects (David Allen Ray Cory Robert Wright Russell Malmgren Harry Kusnick) in 1945.
 Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart in Peril (Japanese: 子連れ狼　親の心子の心 or Kozure Ōkami: Oya no kokoro ko no kokoro literally Wolf with Child in Tow: The Heart of a Parent the Heart of a Child) is the fourth in a series of six Japanese martial arts films based on the long-running Lone Wolf and Cub manga series about Ogami Ittō a wandering assassin for hire who is accompanied by his young son Daigoro.The film has also been released as Shogun Assassin 3: Slashing Blades of Carnage the second sequel to Shogun Assassin.
 Old Hutch is a 1936 American romantic comedy film directed by J. Walter Ruben and starring Wallace Beery as a man who finds $100000 in the depths of the Depression.
 Blind Spot (Luxembourgish: Doudege Wénkel) is a 2012 Luxembourgian crime film directed by Christophe Wagner. The film was selected as the Luxembourgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Emilia Galotti is an East German film. It was released in 1958. It is based on the play of the same name.
 The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Frank Powell and starring Blanche Sweet.
 For the Term of His Natural Life is a 1908 Australian silent film based on the 1874 novel by the same name by Marcus Clarke. The film is an adaptation of MacMahon's stage adaptation of the novel.It was the fourth Australian feature ever made and is considered a lost film.The 1908 film was the first screen adaptation of Clarke's novel which was also later filmed in 1911 1927 and 1983.
 Adulthood (rendered as AdULTHOOD) is a 2008 British drama film. It was directed and written by Noel Clarke who also stars as the protagonist Sam Peel. Adulthood is a sequel to the 2006 film Kidulthood which Clarke also wrote and depicts Peel's experiences after he is released from jail. The film received positive reviews but was criticised for melodrama and unrelenting aggro.
 The Beach Party at the Threshold of Hell is an independent film directed by Jonny Gillette written and co-directed by Kevin Wheatley and produced by Jamie Bullock and Ryan Turi. It stars Kevin Wheatley and Jamie Bullock amongst others.
 Masked and Anonymous is a 2003 comedy-drama film directed by Larry Charles. The film was written by Larry Charles and Bob Dylan the latter under the pseudonym Sergei Petrov. It stars iconic rock legend Bob Dylan alongside a star-heavy cast including John Goodman Jeff Bridges Penélope Cruz Val Kilmer Mickey Rourke Jessica Lange Luke Wilson Angela Bassett Bruce Dern Cheech Marin Ed Harris Chris Penn Steven Bauer Giovanni Ribisi and Michael Paul Chan.
 Tapped is a 2009 documentary film by directors Stephanie Soechtig and Jason Lindsey. The two began the documentary after research into ocean pollution kept leading them to bottled water.
 Mabel and Fatty's Wash Day is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Wait till Your Mother Gets Home! was an NBC TV film of the week in 1983 about role reversal and support based on a true story which starred Paul Michael Glaser from TV's Starsky and Hutch and Dee Wallace from E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. The movie deals with the popular question of whether or not men and women can successfully take on the other's traditional roles in society i.e. breadwinner vs. caretaker.
 Mamta is a 1966 Hindi film directed by Asit Sen with music by Roshan. The movie starred Suchitra Sen Ashok Kumar and Dharmendra. The film about middle class fears and class conflict has lead actress Suchitra Sen in a double role. The film is also noted for its music by Roshan and lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri in songs like Rahen Na Rahen Hum sung by Lata Mangeshkar and her hit duet Chuppa Lo Yun Dil Mein Pyar Mera with Hemant Kumar. The film performed above average at the box office.
 Tin Men is a 1987 comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson produced by Mark Johnson and starring Richard Dreyfuss Danny DeVito and Barbara Hershey.It is the second of Levinson's four Baltimore Films set in his hometown during the 1940s '50s and '60s: Diner (1982) Tin Men (1987) Avalon (1990) and Liberty Heights (1999).
 Princess is a 2008 Television film starring Kip Pardue and Nora Zehetner.
 Mardon Wali Baat is a 1988 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Danny Deckchair is a 2003 Australian comedy film written and directed by Jeff Balsmeyer. The majority of Danny Deckchair was shot in Bellingen a Mid North Coast town in New South Wales.It was inspired by the story of Lawnchair Larry (Larry Walters).
 Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina is a 1969 Argentine comedy film.
 Christmas in Canaan is a 2009 drama film starring country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus. The film is based around the book of the same name written by country music artist Kenny Rogers and Donald Davenport. Filming began at the end of August 2009 and finished in mid-September. It was filmed in Vancouver British Columbia Canada.The film premiered on December 12 2009 on the Hallmark Channel. Its theme song We'll Get By Somehow (We Always Do) (performed by Cyrus) was made into a music video.
 Totalmente Inocentes is a 2012 Brazilian comedy film directed and written by Rodrigo Bittencourt.
 House of the Wolf Man is an American monster horror film produced in 2009 by My Way Pictures. The film was inspired by the Universal Monsters movies and was shot in the same style.
 Trog is a 1970 science fiction horror film starring Joan Crawford in a story about the discovery of a living trogolodyte. The screenplay was written by Peter Bryan John Gilling and Aben Kandel and the film directed by Freddie Francis. Trog marks Crawford's last big-screen appearance.
 Neighboring Sounds (Portuguese: O Som ao Redor) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed and written by Kleber Mendonça Filho produced by Emilie Lesclaux and starring Irandhir Santos Gustavo Jahn and Maeve Jinkings.The film entered the list of top films of 2012 made by film critic Anthony Oliver Scott from The New York Times. The film was screened at the International Film Festival Rotterdam and was released nationally on January 4 2013.
 Nevestka (English: Daughter-In-Law Turkmen:Ogul'keiik) is a 1972 Turkmenistani film directed by Khodzha Kuli Narliyev starring Maya-Gozel Aimedova Aynabat Amanliyeva and Baba Annanov. The film is about a woman who loses her husband during WWII and is forced to take care of her father-in-law in the desert.
 Double Cross is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Gogi Anand. The film stars Vijay Anand and Rekha .
 El Domador is a 1954 Argentine film.
 The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a 2005 American courtroom drama horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and starring Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson. The film is loosely based on the story of Anneliese Michel and follows a self-proclaimed Agnostic who acts as defense counsel (Linney) representing a parish priest (Wilkinson) accused by the state of negligent homicide after he performed an exorcism.
 Orfeu is a 1999 Brazilian film directed by Carlos Diegues based on the play Orfeu da Conceição by Vinicius de Moraes. It retells the Greek legend of Orpheus and Eurydice. The film sets this legend in the modern context of Rio de Janeiro during Carnival. Toni Garrido stars as Orfeu Patrícia França as Eurídice and Murilo Benício as Lucinho. Its soundtrack was composed by Caetano Veloso.It won the 1st Grande Prêmio Cinema Brasil for Best Film Best Cinematography and Best Score.
 Looking for Moshe Guez (Le'an Ne'elam Moshe Guez) is a 2011 Israeli documentary film directed by Avida Livny documenting his search for the Israeli director Moshe Guez and his lost feature film The Angel was a Devil.
 Bosnia Diaries (Portuguese: Diários da Bósnia) is an independent Portuguese documentary directed by Joaquim Sapinho produced at Rosa Filmes which had its world premiere in 2005 at the Pusan International Film Festival.The film narrates Joaquim Sapinho's experience in Bosnia during and after the Yugoslav Wars.
 Anthaka Mundu Aa Tarvatha (Telugu: అంతకు ముందు ఆ తరువాత English: Before it After that) also referred as AMAT is a 2013 Indian Telugu romance film directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti starring Sumanth Ashwin and debutante Eesha. Madhubala made a comeback with this film as Eesha's mother. The film was Nominated for Best film at the International Indian Film festival in South Africa. The film was produced by K Damodara Prasad.
 Halunda Tavaru (Kannada: ಹಾಲುಂಡ ತವರು) is a 1994 Kannada drama movie starring Vishnuvardhan and Sithara in the lead roles. It was directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Vizag Raju. The music and lyrics were written and composed by Hamsalekha. The film went on to become a musical hit of the year.
 Gintama: The Movie known in Japan as Gintama: Shinyaku Benizakura-Hen (銀魂 新訳紅桜篇 lit. Gintama: A New Retelling Benizakura Arc) is a Japanese animated film produced by Sunrise. The film's plot is a retelling of the story arc from Gin Tama in which Kotaro Katsura is attacked by a member of the army Kiheitai and the freelancer trio Odd Jobs Gin start searching for him.
 Just for You is a 1952 film starring Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman and the final motion picture to be directed by Elliott Nugent. It was nominated for two Academy Awards in 1953.
 Daddy (Russian: Папа translit. Papa) is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by and starring Vladimir Mashkov. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Touched by Love (also called To Elvis with Love) is a 1980 drama film about a therapist who tries a novel approach with a girl afflicted with cerebral palsy; she has her charge become a pen pal with the girl's favorite singer Elvis Presley.
 Eclipse is a Canadian drama film written and directed by Jeremy Podeswa and released in 1994.Set in Toronto during the two-week period leading up to a total eclipse of the sun the film revolves around ten characters whose urban lifestyles are marked by emotional and social disconnection from others.
 Kalvanin Kaadhali (English:The Thief's Lover) is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer Thamilvaanan who had worked as assistant to director Ezhil. The film stars S. J. Suryaah and Nayanthara in lead roles with Pyramid Natarajan Vivek and Ganja Karuppu essaying supporting roles. It is notably Suryah's first film as the hero which hasn't been directed by himself.
 Money is a 1991 drama film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern.
 The Darjeeling Limited is a 2007 comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson and starring Owen Wilson Adrien Brody and Jason Schwartzman. It was written by Anderson Schwartzman and Roman Coppola. The film also features Waris Ahluwalia Amara Karan Barbet Schroeder and Anjelica Huston with Natalie Portman Camilla Rutherford Irrfan Khan and Bill Murray in cameo roles.
 Guadalupe is a 2006 Family-Drama and Fantasy-History film.
 Ulagam Sutrum Valiban (English: Globetrotting Youngster) is a 1973 Tamil directed by M. G. Ramachandran. This high-budget production stars M. G. Ramachandran M. N. Nambiar Manjula Latha Sethupathi Chandrakala Thai actress Metta Roongrat R.S. Manohar S.A. Ashokan in the lead roles while Nagesh play supporting role. The score and soundtrack are composed by M. S. Viswanathan.
 Strawberry Cliff is a 2011 Hong Kong mystery film written and directed by Chris Chow who has participated in writing scripts for films such as Fearless and Blood: The Last Vampire. Film stars Eason Chan and Leslie-Anne Huff and was filmed in both Hong Kong and Los Angeles. This film also features Eason Chan in his first English language role and Chris Chow in his directorial debut.
 El Hombre que hizo el milagro is a 1958 Argentine film.
 Black Hand is a 1950 American film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Gene Kelly as an Italian immigrant fighting against the Black Hand extortion racket in New York City in the first decade of the 20th century.
 Moby Dick is an unfinished film by Orson Welles filmed in 1971. It is not to be confused with the incomplete (and now lost) 1955 film Welles made of his meta-play Moby Dick—Rehearsed.The film consists of readings by Welles from the book Moby Dick shot against a blue background with various optical illusions to give the impression of being at sea. It was made during a break in the filming of The Other Side of the Wind.
 Nadodi Pattukkaran is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by N. K. Viswanathan. The film features Karthik and Mohini in lead roles. The film produced by Sangili Murugan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 May 1992.
 cNote is a 2005 National Film Board of Canada animated short by Christopher Hinton which received the Genie Award for Best Animated Short at the 26th Genie Awards. In this visual music short Hinton animates to an original modern classical composition by Montreal-based composer Michael Oesterle.Influenced by Futurism and Abstract expressionism the film was computer animated and represented a departure for Hinton who generally uses traditional animation techniques.
 Great River is a 2010 documentary film from director Matt LeMay and McIntyre Media. Great River won the 2011 Award of Excellence in Film making at the 2011 Canada International Film Festival.
 The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift is a 2006 American action film directed by Justin Lin written by Chris Morgan and produced by Neal H. Moritz. It is the third installment of The Fast and the Furious series. The film stars Lucas Black Bow Wow Nathalie Kelley Brian Tee Sung Kang and Leonardo Nam.
 One By Two is a 2014 Hindi romantic comedy directed by Devika Bhagat. It released on 31 January 2014 at multiplexes showing on approximately 500 screens in India. The film features real life couple Abhay Deol and Preeti Desai. This is the story of Amit and Samara who meet each other while living in Mumbai The music of the film has been composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy. The film was heavily panned by critics.
 One Hour To Zero is a film made in 1976 by Charles Barker Films for the Children's Film Foundation.
 Pathé Review: Monsters of the Past is an 1923 American short silent documentary film produced as part of the Pathé Review series featuring sculptor Virginia May at work and stop-motion footage of her dinosaur creations fighting.
 Window to Paris (Russian: Окно в Париж) is a 1993 Russian drama film directed by Yuri Mamin.Some French friends suggested that Yuri Mamin should make a joint Russian-French film which led to the creation of the 1993 film Window to Paris or Salade Russe. The film starts with residents of a Saint Petersburg communal apartment of 1990s finding a window hidden behind a cupboard that leads to a mansard roof and shows the effect of this discovery.
 Johnny Frenchman is a 1945 British film produced by Ealing Studios and directed by Charles Frend. The film was produced by Michael Balcon from a screenplay by T.E.B. Clarke with cinematography by Roy Kellino.
 Karulina Koogu (Kannada: ಕರುಳಿನ ಕೂಗು) is a 1994 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Umashankari and Raju. The film features Prabhakar Vinaya Prasad and Srinath in the lead roles. The film was widely popular for the songs composed and written by Hamsalekha upon release.The film is a remake of Malayalam hit Akashadoothu (1993) directed by Sibi Malayil and was subsequently released in Telugu as Mathrudevobhava (1993).
 Thirst is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Jeffrey Lando and starring Lacey Chabert Tygh Runyan Mercedes McNab and Brandon Quinn.
 Police was Charlie Chaplin's 14th released film from Essanay released in 1916. It was made at the Majestic Studio in Los Angeles. Charlie playing an ex-convict finds life on the outside not to his liking and leads him to breaking into a home with another thief (Wesley Ruggles). Edna Purviance plays the girl living in the home who tries to change him.
 Vendetta is a 1995 film directed by Mikael Håfström. It stars Stefan Sauk as spy Carl Hamilton and Pasquale Anselmo as his adversary.
 Un Hombre bueno is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Now You See Love Now You Don't (我愛扭紋柴) is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Mabel Cheung and Alex Law.In this film the chief character played by Chow Yun-Fat who himself grew up in Lamma Island consistently speaks the Waitau language.
 Samson is a 1914 American short drama film. Harold Lloyd has an uncredited role.
 Night Watch (Russian: Ночной дозор Nochnoy dozor) is a 2004 Russian urban fantasy supernatural thriller film directed by Timur Bekmambetov. It is loosely based on the novel The Night Watch by Sergei Lukyanenko and is the first part of a duology followed by Day Watch.
 Our Mother's House is a 1967 British drama film starring Dirk Bogarde. The screenplay was by Jeremy Brooks based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Julian Gloag.
 The Scalphunters is a 1968 American Western film starring Burt Lancaster Ossie Davis and Telly Savalas. The film was directed by Sydney Pollack with the score written by Elmer Bernstein. Davis was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in the film.
 Boys Town is a 1938 biographical drama film based on Father Edward J. Flanagan's work with a group of underprivileged and delinquent boys in a home that he founded and named Boys Town. It stars Spencer Tracy as Father Edward J. Flanagan and Mickey Rooney Henry Hull Gene Reynolds Edward Norris and Addison Richards.The film was written by Dore Schary Eleanore Griffin and John Meehan and was directed by Norman Taurog.Legendary MGM Studio head Louis B.
 The Devil's Advocate originally released as Des Teufels Advokat is a 1977 West German English-language film directed by Guy Green (his final theatrical film) and based on the novel of the same name by the Australian writer Morris West.It stars John Mills Paola Pitagora Stéphane Audran Leigh Lawson Jason Miller and Daniel Massey. The film is set in Italy but was filmed predominantly in West Germany.
 A Tale of the Wind (French: Une Histoire de vent) is a 1988 French film directed by Joris Ivens and Marceline Loridan. It is also known as A Wind Story. It stars Ivens as he travels in China and tries to capture winds on film while he reflects on his life and career. The film blends real and fictional elements; it ranges from documentary footage to fantastical dream sequences and Peking opera. It was Ivens' last film.
 Roots: The Next Generations is a television miniseries introduced in 1979 continuing from 1882 to the 1960s the fictionalized story of the family of Alex Haley and their life in Henning Lauderdale County Tennessee USA.
 Back to the Beach is a 1987 comedy film starring Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello directed by Lyndall Hobbs. The original music score is composed by Steve Dorff. The film generated a total domestic gross of $13110903. It received a two thumbs up rating from Siskel and Ebert.The film is an open parody of the beach party movies made popular in the 1960s especially those in which Avalon and Funicello had appeared.
 A Queen Is Crowned is a 1953 British Technicolor documentary film written by Christopher Fry. The film documents the 1953 Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II with a narration of events by Laurence Olivier. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Athisaya Piravi is a 1990 Tamil film starring Rajinikanth Nagesh and Kanaka and music composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was directed by SP. Muthuraman. It was a box office hit. The film is a remake of Yamudiki Mogudu a 1988 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi (in a dual role) Radha Vijayashanti Kota Srinivasa Rao and Allu Rama Lingaiah.
 Aranmanai (Tamil: அரண்மனை English: Palace) is an upcoming Tamil comedy horror film directed by Sundar C. The film stars Sundar C. Vinay Rai Hansika Motwani Andrea Jeremiah Lakshmi Rai. The filming started by end of September 2013.
 Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 film.
 Tiny Troubles is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 176th Our Gang short (177th episode 88th talking short 89th talking episode and 8th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Bunso (The Youngest) is a documentary by Filipino filmmakers Ditsi Carolino and Nana Buxani. It is about three boys – Tony 13 Diosel and Bunso 11 – struggling to survive in a crowded Cebu jail alongside adult rapists and murderers.
 The Boy Friend was a 1926 American romantic comedy film directed by Monta Bell. Based on the play The Book of Charm by John Alexander Kirkpatrick the film starred Marceline Day and John Harron. This film also marked the film debut of character actress Elizabeth Patterson. The film is now considered lost.
 Love's Abiding Joy is a 2006 Christian Drama made for TV movie based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It was directed by Michael Landon Jr. and stars Erin Cottrell and Logan Bartholomew.
 The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy film directed by Mike Nichols and stars Robin Williams Gene Hackman Nathan Lane and Dianne Wiest. Dan Futterman Calista Flockhart Hank Azaria and Christine Baranski appear in supporting roles. The script was written by Elaine May. It is a remake of the 1978 Franco-Italian film La Cage aux Folles by Jean Poiret and Francis Veber starring Michel Serrault and Ugo Tognazzi.
 A Sense Of Entitlement is a short film by Mark L. Feinsod a New York City-based American director.
 L'Étoile de mer (English: The Sea Star) is a 1928 film directed by Man Ray. The film is based on a script by Robert Desnos and depicts a couple (Alice Prin and André de la Rivière) acting through scenes that are shot out of focus.
 Angst (English: Fear) is a 1983 Austrian film. Written and directed by Gerald Kargl with cinematography by Academy Award winner Zbigniew Rybczyński it tells the story of a psychopath recently released from prison and is loosely based on the mass murderer Werner Kniesek. Though little known the film has received praise for its unconventional camera work and intense acting performances particularly from actor Erwin Leder.
 Dumbbells in Ermine (1930) is an All-Talking comedy film based on the play Weak Sisters by Lynn Starling. The film stars Robert Armstrong Barbara Kent Beryl Mercer James Gleason and Claude Gillingwater.
 Punda (Kannada: ಪುಂಡ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language action-drama film directed H. Vasu. The film stars Yogesh and Meghana Raj making her Kannada debut in prominent roles. The film is presented by R. B. Choudary's Super Good Films and the music was composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film is about a man who loses his motorbike to the local goons and goes on a long struggle to get it back from them.
 Bill & Ted is a series of two films (and their spin-offs) featuring William Bill S. Preston Esq. (Alex Winter) and Theodore Ted Logan (Keanu Reeves) as two metalhead slackers who travel through time. The first Bill & Ted film Excellent Adventure was released on February 17 1989 followed two years later by Bogus Journey.
 Bangari is a 2013 Kannada romantic film starring Yogesh and Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles. The film is directed by Ma. Chandru who makes his debut in direction after assisting few Tamil films. A. M. Neel has scored the music and Niranjan Babu has done the cinematography. A. Ellappa a realtor turned producer has produced the film under Shivashankara Productions.
 Afterburn is a 1992 dramatic film written and produced for television based on a true story where one woman takes on the United States military and General Dynamics manufacturer of the F-16 jet fighter aircraft that took her husband's life. The docudrama starred Laura Dern Robert Loggia and Vincent Spano.
 Mr. Jones is a 1993 American romantic drama film starring Richard Gere Lena Olin Anne Bancroft Tom Irwin and Delroy Lindo and directed by Mike Figgis.
 The Relation of Face Mind and Love (Hangul: 내눈에 콩깍지; RR: Nae Nune Kkongkkakji; MR: Nae Nune K‘ongkkakji) is a 2009 South Korean-Japanese film starring Kang Ji-hwan and Lee Ji-ah.
 Bhuvan Shome is a 1969 Hindi film directed by Mrinal Sen. The cast includes Utpal Dutt (Mr. Bhuvan Shome) and Suhasini Mulay (Gauri a village belle). Sen based his film on a Bengali story by Banaphool (Balai Chand Mukhopadhya). The film is considered a landmark in modern Indian cinema.This was the debut film of Suhasini Mulay.
 Nairobi Half Life is a 2012 Kenyan drama film directed by David 'Tosh' Gitonga. The film was selected as the Kenyan entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but did not make the final shortlist and is the first time Kenya has submitted a film in this category.At the 33rd Durban International Film Festival Joseph Wairimu won the award for Best Actor.
 Zombie Genocide is a 1993 Irish zombie film directed by Darryl Sloan. It was edited in-camera that is without the use of any external editing systems or programs whatsoever. It is recognized as the first zombie film to emerge from Ireland.Currently it is only available from the Midnight Pictures website on DVD-R.
 Coklat Stroberi (Chocolate Strawberry) is a 2007 Indonesian teen drama comedy directed by Ardy Octaviand and written by Upi Avianto.
 It's a Dog's Life is a 1955 film.
 Always Sanchōme no Yūhi '64 (ALWAYS 三丁目の夕日'64) is a Japanese film directed by Takashi Yamazaki released on 21 January 2012 in both 2D and 3D versions.The third film in the Sunset on Third Street series Always Sanchōme no Yūhi '64 is set in Tokyo at the time of the 1964 Tokyo Olympics.
 That's My Meat is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Tell Them Anything You Want: A Portrait of Maurice Sendak is a 2009 television documentary film directed by Lance Bangs and Spike Jonze about children's author Maurice Sendak.
 Beyond the Border (Swedish: Gränsen) is a 2011 Swedish war film directed by Richard Holm with André Sjöberg Antti Reini and Bjørn Sundquist in the main roles.
 Magnificent Obsession is a 1935 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Lloyd C. Douglas. The film was adapted by Sarah Y. Mason Victor Heerman and George O'Neil directed by John M. Stahl and stars Irene Dunne Robert Taylor Charles Butterworth and Betty Furness.
 Week-End Marriage is a 1932 Pre-code comedy produced by First National and distributed by Warner Brothers the eventual successor to First National. It is based on a novel Week-End Marriage by Faith Baldwin and stars Loretta Young. Preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Pink (Hangul: 핑크) is a 2011 South Korean drama film directed by Jeon Soo-il.
 Viva Maria! is a 1965 comedy-adventure film starring Brigitte Bardot and Jeanne Moreau as two women named Maria who meet and become revolutionaries in the early 20th century. It also starred George Hamilton as Florès a revolutionary leader. It was co-written and directed by Louis Malle and filmed in Eastman Color. It was released in both French and an English-dubbed version.
 Ambikapathy (also spelled as Ambikapathi; Tamil: அம்பிகாபதி) is a Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi as the main cast. The film was released in the year 1957.
 Hustle is a 1975 American neo-noir crime film directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Burt Reynolds Catherine Deneuve Ben Johnson Paul Winfield Eileen Brennan Eddie Albert and Ernest Borgnine which was released in 1975.
 Imagine the Sound is a 1981 Canadian documentary film about free jazz directed by Ron Mann. It features interviews with and musical and dramatic performances by pianist Cecil Taylor saxophonist Archie Shepp trumpeter Bill Dixon and pianist Paul Bley. The film has been digitally restored and was screened at the 2007 SXSW festival in Austin Texas.
 Pithavum Kanyakayum (Malayalam: പിതാവും കന്യകയും; literally meaning Father and Virgin) officially titled in English as Daddy You Bastard is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Rupesh Paul and N. K. Sajiv Menon. The story is about a middle-aged man who spends the night with a girl who happens to be his daughter's classmate. Short story writer Indu Menon has written the story while her husband Rupesh Paul has written the script and dialogue for the film. The cast include M. G.
 The Florentine Dagger is a 1935 American mystery film directed by Robert Florey. Donald Woods plays a descendant of the Borgia line convinced that he's inherited their murderous tendencies. Suspicions deepen when the father of the girl he loves turns up stabbed to death with a Florentine dagger.
 Star of the Circus is a 1938 British drama film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Otto Kruger Gertrude Michael and John Clements. It is a remake of the 1937 German circus film Truxa itself based on a novel by Heinrich Seiler. It was made at Elstree Studios.
 Veera Telanagana is a 2010 Telugu film directed by R. Narayana Murthy. The film's cast include R. Narayana Murthy Vijayaranga Raju.
 Island of the Fishmen (L'isola degli uomini pesce) is a 1979 Italian adventure film directed by Sergio Martino.
 Ship of Fools is a 1965 drama directed by Stanley Kramer which recounts the overlapping stories of several passengers aboard an ocean liner bound to Germany from Mexico in 1933. It stars Vivien Leigh Simone Signoret José Ferrer Lee Marvin Oskar Werner Michael Dunn Elizabeth Ashley George Segal José Greco and Heinz Rühmann. It was to be Vivien Leigh's last film and Christiane Schmidtmer's first U.S.
 The Promise (Filipino: Ang Pangako) is a Philippine movie. It was starred Richard Gutierrez and Angel Locsin.
 The Stoker is a 1932 American film directed by Chester M. Franklin.
 King of the Mountain is a 1981 film starring Harry Hamlin Joseph Bottoms Deborah Van Valkenburgh Richard Cox Seymour Cassel and Dennis Hopper about a group that race their cars up and down Mulholland Drive for both money and prestige.The film's primary focus is Steve (Harry Hamlin) who has found himself generally content with his uncomplicated life of working and racing.
 The Warrior is a 2001 film by British-Indian filmmaker Asif Kapadia. It stars Bollywood actor Irrfan Khan as Lafcadia a warrior in feudal Rajasthan who attempts to give up the sword. The film is in Hindi and was filmed in Rajasthan India.Kapadia started work on the 2001 film within a year of graduating from the Royal College of Art. Even though this was his first feature film The Warrior was produced by companies from the UK Germany and France.
 The Challenge is a 1938 British drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and Luis Trenker and starring Robert Douglas and Luis Trenker. The film is about the first successful ascent of the Matterhorn in 1865 by Edward Whymper. The film is a remake of Struggle for the Matterhorn (German: Der Kampf ums Matterhorn) in which Trenker acted in 1928.
 Flow: For Love of Water is a 2008 documentary film directed by Irena Salina produced by Steven Starr and co-produced by Gill Holland and Yvette Tomlinson . The film features interviews with water and community activists Maude Barlow Peter Gleick Ashok Gadgil Rajendra Singh and Vandana Shiva.
 The Remake is a 2006 horror film directed by Tommy Brunswick and written by Todd Brunswick and Dwayne Roszkowski.
 From the Terrace is a 1960 American drama film directed by Mark Robson and starring Paul Newman Joanne Woodward Myrna Loy Barbara Eden Ina Balin and Leon Ames.The screenplay was written by Ernest Lehman based on the 1958 novel by John O'Hara that tells the story of the estranged son of a Pennsylvania factory owner who marries into a prestigious family and moves to New York to seek his fortune.
 It is a two-disc DVD set chronicling Phish's two-day summer festival in Limestone Maine on August 2 & 3 2003. The first disc contains a full-length documentary originally aired on PBS in 2004 featuring interviews with the band song excerpts and images from the concert grounds and festival events. This was the sixth of nine major outdoor summer festivals held by Phish.The second disc contains a selection of complete live songs performed over the weekend.
 Estilo Hip Hop is a 2009 documentary film directed by Loira Limbal and Vee Bravo and distributed by IndiePix Films. It chronicles the lives of three rappers/political activists - Eli Efi of Brazil Guerrillero Okulto of Chile and Magia of Cuba - and how they attempt to use their music to reach out to the youth of their respective countries. Estilo Hip Hop is currently being aired as part of the PBS series Global Voices and has had live screenings in select theaters in California and New York.
 Redline (レッドライン stylized as REDLINE) is a 2009 science fiction auto racing anime film produced by Madhouse and released in Japan on October 9 2010. The directorial debut feature of Takeshi Koike it features the voices of Takuya Kimura Yū Aoi and Tadanobu Asano and an original story by Katsuhito Ishii who also co-writes and sound directs.
 Philosophy of a Knife is a 2008 Russian-American horror film written produced shot edited and directed by Andrey Iskanov. It covers the Japanese Army's Unit 731 mixing archival footage interviews and extremely graphic reenactments of experiments performed there.The film is four hours long is presented in two parts (Part one and Part two) is in English and shot in black and white. The interviews are shot in color and have English subtitles.
 Serpentinen Tanz (also known as Serpentine Tanz) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Max Skladanowsky one of the German-born brothers responsible for inventing the bioskop.It was one of a series of films produced to be projected by a magic lantern and formed part of the Wintergarten Performances the first projections of film in Europe to a paying audience.
 Oru Naal Oru Kanavu (Tamil: ஒரு நாள் ஒரு கனவு English: One day one dream) is a 2005 Indian Tamil romance film directed by Fazil. Srikanth Sonia Agarwal and Nizhalgal Ravi play the lead roles and it has music by Ilaiyaraaja and camera by Anandakuttan. Oru Naal Oru Kanavu his 27th film released on August 26 2005.
 The Widowhood of Karolina Žašler (Slovene: Vdovstvo Karoline Žašler) is a 1976 Yugoslavian comedy film directed by Matjaž Klopčič. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Criminal is a 1960 British drama film produced by Nat Cohen and directed by Joseph Losey starring Stanley Baker Sam Wanamaker and Jill Bennett. Baker plays an ex-con who takes part in the robbery of a racetrack and is caught and sent back to prison. The film depicts a harsh and violent portrayal of prison life that led to the film being banned in several countries including Finland.It was released in the United States as The Concrete Jungle.
 Les Saignantes is a 2005 futuristic sci-fi erotic thriller with a strong political sensibility. Two sexy young women win the favors of the corrupt political elite but when one of these leaders dies in the middle of a sexual act the friends are left with a corpse to get rid of. Bekolo eviscerates the ruling elite but with the canny use of inter-titles also leaves the audience with something to ponder.
 Kurukshetra is a 2002 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Debendra Kuchar.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 His Faith in Humanity is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood Louise Lester and Vivian Rich.
 The Story of Jacob and Joseph is a 1974 American historical drama television film directed by Michael Cacoyannis based on the biblical Book of Genesis with a screenplay written by Ernest Kinoy.
 Gang of Ghosts is a Hindi paranormal comedy film produced by Venus Records & Tapes Pvt Ltd and The Satish Kaushik Entertainment. Directed by Satish Kaushik it is a remake of Bengali film Bhooter Bhabishyat.
 Saintly Sinners is a 1962 film about a priest who reforms his parishioners but gets accused of armed robbery. The New York Times described it as a piece of low budget whimsey.. achieves the improbable feat of being almost as bad as it sounds.
 Stomp! Shout! Scream! is a 2005 film.
 Coming Up Roses (Welsh: Rhosyn a Rhith) is a 1986 Welsh language comedy drama film. It was directed by Stephen Bayly and starred Ifan Huw Dafydd Gillian Elisa and Mari Emlyn. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.The film centres on the closure of the last small town cinema in South Wales and the community's efforts to pull together to save the cinema.
 The Lighthouse by the Sea is a 1911 American silent film directed by Edwin S. Porter from a screenplay by Bannister Merwin.
 Dol (Valley in Kurdish) is a 2007 film written and directed by the Kurdish director Hiner Saleem and produced in Germany France and Southern Kurdistan.
 Another Chance is a 1989 film co-written and directed by Jesse Vint.
 Untamed is a 1955 CinemaScope adventure film made by Twentieth Century-Fox in DeLuxe Color. It was directed by Henry King and produced by William A. Bacher Bert E. Friedlob and Gerd Oswald as associate producer. The screenplay was by William A. Bacher Michael Blankfort Frank Fenton and Talbot Jennings from a 1950 novel by Helga Moray.
 Chef Thémis cuisinier sans frontières is a Canadian 2009 documentary film.
 The Collector (Polish: Komornik) is a 2005 Polish drama film directed by Feliks Falk.
 The Gentleman Without a Residence (German: Der Herr ohne Wohnung) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Heinrich Bolten-Baeckers and starring Georg Alexander Georg John and Paul Otto. It was one of a number of popular comedies released by UFA alongside its more prestigious art films. The film's art direction was by Erich Czerwonski.
 The Lake was a 1998 made-for-TV movie a science fiction thriller starring Yasmine Bleeth.
 Scanners II : The New Order also known as Scanners 2: The New Order (alternate spelling) is a 1991 science fiction action thriller film. It is a standalone sequel to the 1981 feature film Scanners with a different cast. It was written by B.J. Nelson and directed by Christian Duguay. The plot involves a crooked police commissioner who schemes to gain control of a major city by manipulating Scanners (persons born with telepathic and telekinetic abilities) to do his bidding.
 Meet Me in Miami is a 2005 New Zealand film directed by Eric Hannah and Iren Koster and starring Carlos Ponce Tara Leniston and Ayse Tezel. The film received positive reviews despite its limited release.
 Bushwhacked is a 1995 comedy adventure crime film starring Daniel Stern Jon Polito Anthony Heald and Brad Sullivan. It was originally planed to be a spin off film to the Home Alone franchise with Daniel Stern reprising his role as Marv. This was Greg Beeman's last theatrical film before he moved on to direct television movies for Disney Channel. This also marked Sullivan's last theatrical appearance before his retirement in 2000 and his death in 2008.
 Ghost Soup is a 1992 Japanese TV drama produced for Fuji TV as part of their part of the food-themed drama series La Cuisine by Shunji Iwai.
 The Hard Way is a 1991 action-comedy film directed by John Badham and starring Michael J. Fox and James Woods. Stephen Lang Annabella Sciorra Luis Guzmán LL Cool J Delroy Lindo Christina Ricci Mos Def Kathy Najimy Michael Badalucco and Lewis Black appear in supporting roles.Fox and Woods would later co-star again in 2002's Stuart Little 2 only this time around as the hero and the villain respectively.
 Sky High is a 2005 American superhero family comedy film about an airborne school for teenage superheroes. It was directed by Mike Mitchell and written by Paul Hernandez Robert Schooley and Mark McCorkle.
 12 is a 2007 crime film by Russian director and actor Nikita Mikhalkov. Mikhalkov was awarded the Special Lion at the 64th Venice International Film Festival for his work on the film which also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Language Film. It is an adaptation of Reginald Rose's play Twelve Angry Men and a remake of Sidney Lumet's film 12 Angry Men.
 Baby Hands is a 1912 American silent short drama film starring James Cruze as the husband and Jean Darnell as the wife. Also starring Helen Badgley.
 Frenchman's Farm is a 1986 Australian film.Filming started 17 February 1986.
 PAX is a portuguese comedy directed by Eduardo Guedes over a screenplay of Bruno Heller. Is part of a film trilogy about Lisbon ordered for Lisbon European Cultural Capital of 1994.
 Sethu is a 1999 Indian Tamil romantic tragedy film written and directed by debutant Bala. The film stars Vikram and Abitha in the lead roles with Sivakumar and Sriman in other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja.The film opened in December 1999 at a single suburban theatre but later became a popular commercial success.
 The Vagabond is a silent film by Charlie Chaplin and his third film with Mutual Films. Released to theaters on July 10 1916 it co-starred Edna Purviance Eric Campbell Leo White and Lloyd Bacon. This film echoed Chaplin's work on The Tramp with more drama and pathos mixed in with the comedy.
 Keroro Gunsō the Super Movie (超劇場版ケロロ軍曹 Chō Gekijōban Keroro Gunsō) is a 2006 film directed by Yusuke Yamamoto and written by Mamiko Ikeda. It is the first movie in the Sgt. Frog series created by Mine Yoshizaki.
 Sissi is a 1955 Austrian film directed by Ernst Marischka and starring Romy Schneider Karlheinz Böhm Magda Schneider Uta Franz Gustav Knuth Vilma Degischer and Josef Meinrad. The film is based on the play Sissys Brautfahrt (Sissy's Bridal Journey) by Ernst Décsey and Gustav Holm. Sissi is the first installment in the trilogy of films about Empress Elisabeth of Austria who was known to her family as Sissi.It was followed by The Young Empress and Fateful Years of an Empress.
 The Brazen Beauty is a 1918 American comedy film directed by Tod Browning. A lost film
 Les Intrigantes English: The Plotters is a French crime drama film from 1954 directed by Henri Decoin written by François Boyer starring Raymond Rouleau and Louis de Funès.
 Kanni Thaai is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in 1965.
 My Kung-Fu Sweetheart (simplified Chinese: 野蛮秘笈; traditional Chinese: 野蠻秘笈) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing.
 Yo maté a Facundo is a 1975 Argentine film. The plot is a fictional account about Argentine outlaw Santos Pérez leader of the gang which murdered Rioja's caudillo Facundo Quiroga in 1835.
 Each Time I Kill is the final film that was written and directed by Doris Wishman. It was shot in 2002 shortly before Wishman's death from lymphoma and post-production on the teen horror thriller was completed in October 2006. Tiffany Paralta stars as Ellie Saunders a shy high school senior who finds a magical locket which will allow her to exchange one physical feature with anyone she murders. The director of photography was longtime Wishman collaborator C.
 Sling Blade is a 1996 American drama film set in rural Arkansas written and directed by Billy Bob Thornton who also stars in the lead role. It tells the story of a man with a developmental disability named Karl Childers who is released from a psychiatric hospital where he has lived since killing his mother and her lover when he was 12 years old and the friendship he develops with a young boy. In addition to Thornton it stars Dwight Yoakam J. T.
 No Joke is a 2013 documentary feature film about three Canadian stand-up comedians who are rejected as hopelessly unfunny by hometown audiences and thusly flee to America for a whirlwind comedy tour (accompanied by intentionally 'unfunny' test subject Vibrato 3.72 'The Human Vibrator') to determine once and for all whether they have any star potential.
 The Miracle (1912) (Germany: Das Mirakel France: Le Miracle) is a British silent full-colour film using the hand-coloured Pathéchrome process. Produced by Joseph Menchen and directed by Michel Carré it is among the very first full-colour feature films to be made.
 The Crying Game is a 1992 British psychological thriller drama film written and directed by Neil Jordan. The film explores themes of race gender nationality and sexuality against the backdrop of the Irish Troubles.
 The Galloping Major is a 1951 British comedy sports film starring Basil Radford Jimmy Hanley and Janette Scott. It also featured Sid James Charles Hawtrey and Joyce Grenfell in supporting roles. It was directed by Henry Cornelius. The title is taken from the song The Galloping Major and the plot was centred around gambling at the horseracing track. A syndicate in a London suburb club together to buy a race horse to run in the Grand National.
 A Happy Divorce (Danish: En lykkelig skilsmisse French: Un divorce heureux) is a 1975 Danish-French drama film directed by Henning Carlsen. It was entered into the 1975 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Greatest Love of All (Portuguese: O Maior Amor do Mundo; also known as The Greatest Love in the World) is a 2006 Brazilian romance drama film directed by Carlos Diegues.
 Il cielo è rosso (also known as The Sky Is Red) is a 1950 Italian drama film. It is the directorial debut of Claudio Gora and it is based on the novel with the same name by Giuseppe Berto.It was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Nightingale's Prayer (Arabic: دعاء الكروان‎ translit. Doaa al-Karawan About this sound listen ) is a classical 1959 Egyptian drama film directed by Henry Barakat and based on a novel by the prominent writer Taha Hussein. It stars Faten Hamama and Ahmed Mazhar. In 1996 during the Egyptian Cinema centennial this film was selected one of the best 150 Egyptian film productions.
 The Thing Called Love is an American comedy-drama film released in 1993. It was directed by Peter Bogdanovich. The film's tagline is: Stand by your dream.The movie stars Samantha Mathis as Miranda Presley (not related to Elvis) who comes from New York City to Nashville where she auditions at The Bluebird Cafe. She is not invited to perform but she accepts a job as a waitress.
 Chasing Ice is a 2012 documentary film about the efforts of nature photographer James Balog and his Extreme Ice Survey to publicize the effects of climate change directed by Jeff Orlowski. It was released in the United States on November 16 2012.The documentary includes scenes from a glacier calving event that took place at Jakobshavn Glacier in Greenland lasting 75 minutes the longest such event ever captured on film.
 Jane is a 1915 American silent film produced by the Oliver Morosco company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a stage play Jane by W.H. Lestocq and Harry Nicholls. Frank Lloyd directed early in his career and up-and-coming stage comic Charlotte Greenwood debuts and stars in her first motion picture. This was Lloyd's second directed feature film after several years of making shorts. This film survives in the Library of Congress.
 Since Otar Left (original French title: Depuis qu'Otar est parti...) is a 2003 film by director Julie Bertuccelli based around three Georgian women living in modern-day Tbilisi. It focuses on the attempts of a mother and daughter Marina (Nino Khomasuridze) and Ada (Dinara Drukarova) to hide the death of Marina's brother in Paris from her elderly mother Eka (Esther Gorintin). The film was widely well-received and won the coveted Critics' Week Grand Prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
 A Warm Corner is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Leslie Henson Heather Thatcher and Austin Melford. The film's sets were designed by Walter Murton. It was based on a successful play by Franz Arnold. If featured an early screen appearance by Merle Oberon.
 World Gone Wild is a 1988 film directed by Lee H. Katzin. It stars Bruce Dern and Michael Paré. It was nominated for a Young Artist Award in 1989.
 Utsavamelam (The Sound of Festival) is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Suresh Unnithan and written by Urvashi (actress). The rivalry between two family and the unexpected middle man in these issues are the main theme of the film.The film was one of the most successful Malayalam films of all time and the story dialogues and characters have achieved cult status.
 Murphy's Law is a 1986 thriller film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a screenplay by Gail Morgan Hickman. It was released by Cannon Films to the United States on April 18 1986. The film stars Charles Bronson and Kathleen Wilhoite in lead roles with a supporting cast that includes Carrie Snodgress Robert F. Lyons and Richard Romanus.
 Homefront is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Gary Fleder and released nationwide in theaters on November 27. Based on Chuck Logan's novel of the same name and adapted into a screenplay by Sylvester Stallone the film stars Jason Statham James Franco Winona Ryder and Kate Bosworth. Filming began on October 1 2012 in New Orleans.
 Resurrection is a 1927 Hollywood adaptation of the Leo Tolstoy novel Resurrection. Filmmaker Edwin Carewe adapted the book to a feature length silent production starring Dolores del Río and featuring an appearance by Ilya Tolstoy. In 1931 Edwin Carewe directed an all-talking remake of this film starred by Lupe Vélez.
 These Old Broads is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds as well as Shirley MacLaine Joan Collins and Elizabeth Taylor in her final film role. The role of Miriam Hodges was originally offered to June Allyson.
 Brahmastram is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by V.Somanath starring Saiju Kurup and Maidhili.
 My Name Is Bruce is a 2007 American comedy horror film directed co-produced by and starring B movie cult actor Bruce Campbell. The film was written by Mark Verheiden. It had a theatrical release in October 2008 followed by DVD and Blu-ray releases on February 10 2009.Although Sam Raimi with whom Bruce frequently collaborates is not involved with this production much of the film is in the vein of the Evil Dead series.
 Le schpountz is a 1999 French film directed by Gérard Oury (a remake of the 1938 film by Marcel Pagnol). Irénée does not want to work in his uncle's grocery shop and spends his time dreaming of becoming an actor. Irénée's chance comes when a crew of movie makers came to his little village. Irénée begins to go overboard to get noticed which earns him the traditional joke reserved to a schpountz (naive person): a phoney contract and a departure for Paris.
 Shoah is a 1985 French documentary film directed by Claude Lanzmann about the Holocaust. The film primarily consists of his interviews and visits to Holocaust sites across Poland including three extermination camps. It presents testimonies by selected survivors witnesses and German perpetrators often secretly recorded using hidden cameras.As Claude Lanzmann does not speak Polish Hebrew or Yiddish he depended on translators to work with most of his interviewees.
 They Call Us Misfits (Swedish: Dom kallar oss mods) is a 1968 Swedish documentary film directed produced and written by Stefan Jarl and Jan Lindqvist. The film is an uncompromising account of the life of two alienated teenagers Kenneth Kenta Gustafsson (1948-2003) and Gustav Stoffe Svensson (1950-1978).
 The Longest Night is a 1972 made-for-TV movie written by Merwin Gerard and directed by Jack Smight. The plot concerns the kidnapping of Karen Chambers (Sallie Shockley) daughter of wealthy Alan Chambers (David Janssen). The kidnapper (James Farentino) holds her underground in a homemade coffin. He leaves her there (with a fan for air and a gallon of water) until he receives the ransom money. Her family frantically searches for her.
 Mystics is a film starring Milo O'Shea and David Kelly.
 Elaan (Hindi: एलान translation: Manifesto) is a 2005 Bollywood action thriller film. Elaan is a mission film about five characters and their plan against one man.
 Apache War Smoke is a 1952 film.
 Sirens of the Caribbean is a 2007 film directed by Stewart Raffill. It stars AnnaLynne McCord and Ashley Anderson. The original title upon release was Bad Girl Island.
 Graceless Go I is a 1974 TV movie starring Stanley Baker.
 Trembling Before G-d is an 2001 American documentary film about gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews trying to reconcile their sexuality with their faith. It was directed by Sandi Simcha DuBowski an American who wanted to compare Orthodox Jewish attitudes to homosexuality with his own upbringing as a gay Conservative Jew.The film won seven awards but some Orthodox Jews criticized it.
 Birth of The Beatles is a 1979 biopic motion picture produced by Dick Clark's company (Dick Clark Productions) and directed by Richard Marquand. The film was released into cinemas worldwide except in parts of the United States where it was shown as a TV movie. The film focuses on the early history of The Beatles. It was released only nine years after the announced break-up of The Beatles themselves and is the only Beatles biopic to be made while John Lennon was still alive.
 Sinbad the Sailor is a 1947 Technicolor fantasy film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Maureen O'Hara Walter Slezak and Anthony Quinn. It tells the tale of the eighth voyage of Sinbad wherein he discovers the lost treasure of Alexander the Great.
 Backgammon is a psychological drama/indie thriller directed by Francisco Orvañanos.
 Half a Loaf of Kung Fu (Chinese: 一招半式闖江湖) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chen Chi-hwa and written by Jackie Chan who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Dean Shek and James Tien. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 1 July 1978.The story takes place in olden day China. Chan plays a traveling acrobat named Jiang who bumbles his way into a job at the mansion.
 Invasion of the Body Snatchers is a 1956 American black-and-white science fiction film directed by Don Siegel starring Kevin McCarthy and Dana Wynter that was released through Allied Artists Picture Corporation. Daniel Mainwaring adapted the screenplay from Jack Finney's 1954 novel The Body Snatchers.The story depicts an extraterrestrial invasion of a small California town.
 Panikos sta Scholeia or Panikos sta Sholia (Greek: Πανικός στα σχολεία Panic in the Schools) is a 1981 Greek film directed and written by Dimis Dadiras and starring Giannis Voglis Mairi Chronopoulou and Apostolos Sougklakos.
 Barefoot Ki-bong (Hangul: 맨발의 기봉이; RR: Maenbalui Kibongi) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 L'insegnante (internationally released as The School Teacher and Sexy Schoolteacher) is a 1975 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero. The film had a great commercial success and generated an Insegnante film series that consists of six titles three of them starred by Edwige Fenech in the main role. L'insegnante represents the first role of weight for Alvaro Vitali that in a short time would became a star of the genre.
 Chakkara Viyugam: The Battle of The Brains (English: Wheel Strategy) is a drama Tamil film starring Nataraj of Naalai fame Jayasuryaone among the leading stars in malayalam cinema Raaghav and Daisy Bopanna. It is directed by Udayabanu Maheshwaran. A trailer was released in January 2008 and the film released in April 2008.
 Infame accusa is a 1952 Italian drama film. It rapresents the directorial debut by Giuseppe Vari.
 Budak Nafsu (literally Slave to Lust also known as Fatima) is a 1983 Indonesian film directed by Sjumandjaja and adapted from the 1981 novel Fatima by Titie Said. Starring Jenny Rachman and El Manik it follows a mother who is forced to serve as a comfort woman for Japanese men stationed in British Malaya in an effort to save her daughter. The film was a commercial success although critics have emphasised its sexual aspects.
 NeeEnte Lahari is a 1976 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. G. Viswambharan starring Kamal Haasan Jayachitra and Jayabharathi in lead roles.
 Adventures in Dinosaur City is a 1991 television film directed by Brett Thompson.
 Springtime (Hangul: 꽃피는 봄이 오면; RR: Ggotpineun bomi omyeon; lit. When Spring Comes) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Choi Min-sik as a struggling musician who takes a job as a music teacher in a rural mining town outside of Seoul.
 Frk. Vildkat is a 1942 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Una Lettera dall'Africa is a 1951 Italian documentary film.
 Carol I also known as Charles I: A Destiny and Charles I: A Destiny for Romania is a 2009 historical documentary film by Romanian director Sergiu Nicolaescu starring Sergiu Nicolaescu Razvan Vasilescu and Cristian Motiu.Carol I is one of the few Romanian films to portray the Romanian king Carol I. The king was also portrayed in the 1912 film Independenţa României (The Independence of Romania) directed by Aristide Demetriade and in the 2007 film The Rest is Silence.
 Cover Me Babe is a 1970 drama film about a young filmmaker who will do anything to get a studio contract. The film was directed by Noel Black and stars Robert Forster and Sondra Locke.The title song was written by Fred Karlin and Randy Newman and performed by BREAD. A second song by Bread (written by Karlin and band members James Griffin and Robb Royer titled So You Say) also appeared on the soundtrack.
 Larki Punjaban (Urdu: لڑکی پنجابن lit Punjabi Girl) is a 2003 Pakistani film directed by Syed Noor and starring Babar Ali Saima and Shamyl Khan. The film's music was scored by the well-regarded composer Zain who had given a hit soundtrack earlier for Khoey Ho Tum Kahan. The film stirred some controversy in Britain over its portrayal of the Sikh faith but the furor died down soon after Larki Punjaban was released. The film managed a decent run at most theaters in Pakistan and abroad.
 Lost in the Dark (Italian: Sperduti nel buio) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Civil Action is a 1998 American drama film directed by Steven Zaillian starring John Travolta (as plaintiff's attorney Jan Schlichtmann) and Robert Duvall based on the book of the same name by Jonathan Harr. Both the book and the film are based on a true story of a court case about environmental pollution that took place in Woburn Massachusetts in the 1980s.
 Liverpool is a 2012 Canadian comedy crime film. Written and directed by Manon Briand the film stars Stéphanie Lapointe as Émilie a coat check clerk at a Montreal nightclub who decides to return a coat left behind one night by a woman who took a drug overdose in the club only to find herself embroiled in the city's criminal underground.
 I Can Make You Love Me also known as Stalking Laura is an American made-for-television film starring Richard Thomas and Brooke Shields. The film is based on the real-life story of American mass murderer Richard Farley a former employee of ESL Incorporated whose romantic obsession and subsequent stalking of co-worker Laura Black culminated in the mass murder of several co-workers at ESL's headquarters in California resulting in the first anti-stalking laws to be enacted in the United States.
 C Kompany (alternatively C Company) is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by debutant Sachin Yardi and produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor. The film stars Tusshar Kapoor Rajpal Yadav Raima Sen and Anupam Kher. It released on 29 August 2008 to negative reviews from critics and was a failure at the box office.
 Midnight Club is a 1933 crime film about a gang of London jewel thieves infiltrated by an undercover agent (George Raft). The movie was directed by Alexander Hall and George Somnes.This film is not related to the video game of the same name.
 The D.I. (1957) is a black-and-white military drama film starring produced and directed by Jack Webb. The film was produced by Jack Webb's production company Mark VII Limited and distributed by Warner Brothers.The film was the first screenplay by screenwriter James Lee Barrett and was based on his teleplay The Murder of a Sand Flea. Barrett had been on Parris Island as a Marine recruit in 1950.
 Welcome to the Rileys is a 2010 British-American independent drama film directed by Jake Scott written by Ken Hixon as well as starring Kristen Stewart James Gandolfini and Melissa Leo. The film debuted at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
 Elsk meg i morgen (English: Love me tomorrow) is a 2005 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss starring Per Christian Ellefsen and Sven Nordin. The film was based on a novel by Ingvar Ambjørnsen and is a sequel to Elling. In this instalment of the series which takes place four years after the original Elling is looking for love.
 Wine was a 1924 American silent melodrama directed by Louis J. Gasnier produced and released by Universal Pictures under their 'Jewel' banner. The film featured Clara Bow in her first starring role. The film is now presumed lost.
 Les Gens qui s'aiment is a 1999 French-language dramedy written and directed by Jean-Charles Tacchella. It stars Richard Berry and Jacqueline Bisset. It was released in France on 5 July 2000.
 The Jewish Steppe is a 2001 documentary about a group of Russian Jews who exhausted by prejudice and fearful of pogroms left their homeland to farm the untamed Crimean Peninsula. Established in the 1920s their Soviet agrarian commune met with a tragic end.
 Live Today Die Tomorrow! (Japanese: Hadaka no jukyusai) is a 1970 Japanese drama film based on the true story of Norio Nagayama. It was directed by Kaneto Shindo based on his own screenplay and starred Daijiro Yamada and Nobuko Otowa.
 Roman Holiday is a 1953 romantic comedy directed and produced by William Wyler. It stars Gregory Peck as a reporter and Audrey Hepburn as a royal princess out to see Rome on her own. Hepburn won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance; the screenplay and costume design also won.It was written by John Dighton and Dalton Trumbo though with Trumbo on the Hollywood blacklist he did not receive a credit; instead Ian McLellan Hunter fronted for him.
 Unexpected (Italian: Inatteso) is an Italian 2005 documentary film written and directed by Domenico Distilo.Distilo's diploma film from Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia Unexpected is a documentary on the demand for political asylum in Italy.
 The Giant of Metropolis (Italian: Il gigante di Metropolis) is a 1961 Italian film directed by Umberto Scarpelli.
 Agnes Cecilia – en sällsam historia is a 1991 Swedish mystery film directed by Anders Grönros. Grönros won the award for Best Director and Per Källberg won the award for Best Cinematography at the 27th Guldbagge Awards. It was also nominated for Best Film and Gloria Tapia was nominated for Best Actress in a leading role.
 Family Business is a 1989 film directed by Sidney Lumet with a screenplay by Vincent Patrick based on his novel. It stars Sean Connery Dustin Hoffman and Matthew Broderick.
 Surakshaa is a 1995 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raju Mavani and produced by Nitin Mavani. It stars Saif Ali Khan Aditya Pancholi Suniel Shetty Sheeba Divya Dutta and Monica Bedi in pivotal roles. Other casts include Kader Khan Mukesh Rishi Tinnu Anand.
 From Italy's Shores is a 1915 short drama film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Šeki snima pazi se (English: Šeki is filming watch yourself) is a Yugoslav comedy film directed by Marijan Vajda. It was released in 1962.Considering football sensation Dragoslav Šekularac (nicknamed Šeki hence the film's title) was probably the first sports superstar in Yugoslavia whose fame transcended sporting bounds the popularity he enjoyed during his playing heyday was the main reason that Šeki snima pazi se came about.
 Arul (Tamil: அருள்; English: Grace) is a 2004 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari starring Vikram Jyothika Pasupathy Vadivelu Sarath Babu Vinu Chakravarthy and Vaiyapuri. The music is composed by Harris Jayaraj. The story tells how a man is rejected by his family but then finds his way back. The film opened to mixed reviews from both critics as well as audience.The film was dubbed in Telugu as Arulapodu and in Hindi as Main Balwaan.
 Down and Dirty Duck promoted under the abbreviated title Dirty Duck is a 1974 American adult-oriented animated film directed by Charles Swenson and starring Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan (Flo & Eddie) as the voices of a strait-laced blue collar worker named Willard and an unnamed duck among other characters.
 Ki Jadu Korila also (Bengali: কি যাদু করিলা) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film directed by Chandan Chowdhury he was worked as assistant director with Bangladeshi famous film maker Abdullah Al Mamun. This was Chandan Chowdhury’s film direction debut. Release was 2008 in Eid ul-Fitr.
 The Ape Woman (Italian: La donna scimmia French: Le Mari de la femme à barbe) is a 1964 Italian-French drama film directed by Marco Ferreri. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival. The film was inspired by the real-life story of Julia Pastrana a 19th-century woman exploited as a freak show attraction by her manager Theodore Lent.In 2008 the film was selected to enter the list of the 100 Italian films to be saved.
 Five Fingers is a 2006 drama/thriller film directed by Laurence Malkin and written by Chad Thumann and Malkin. The film had ten producers including actor Laurence Fishburne who stars alongside Ryan Phillippe Gina Torres Touriya Haoud Saïd Taghmaoui and Colm Meaney. Five Fingers was filmed in the Netherlands Morocco and Louisiana in 2004.
 Khanjar (Hindi: ख़ंजर; transliteration: Dagger) is a 1980 Hindi language film produced and directed by Atmaram. This action thriller casts Navin Nischol in the lead with the support cast of Reena Roy Suresh Oberoi Amjad Khan Jankidas Jayshree T. Jeevan K. N. Singh Mehmood Murad Reeta Bhaduri Sajjan Shekhar Kapur.
 Dara is an Indonesian slasher/black comedy short film. Written and directed by Kimo Stamboel and Timo Tjahjanto this film was well-reviewed by movie critics when shown at a number of film festivals. The film was released with other short horror films in a horror compilation Takut: Faces of Fear in 2009. A longer version of this film Rumah Dara (also known as Macabre in English) by the same directors was released in 2009 (In Indonesia released widely on 2010.
 Grill Point is a 2001 German drama film directed by Andreas Dresen. Its original German title is Halbe Treppe which means Halfway up the Stairs in English and was the real-life name of the snack bar shown in the film.Grill Point was heavily influenced by the Dogme 95 manifest (although it does not follow all the Dogme rules; it uses some music not performed in-scene the director is credited and it is presented in widescreen format).
 Gate of Flesh (肉体の門 Nikutai no mon) is a 1964 Japanese film based on a novel of Taijiro Tamura and directed by Seijun Suzuki.
 To End All Wars is a 2001 war film starring Robert Carlyle Kiefer Sutherland and Sakae Kimura and directed by David L. Cunningham.
 30 Beats is a 2012 comedy romance film written and directed by Alexis Lloyd and starring Ingeborga Dapkunaite Jason Day and Vahina Giocante. Acquired by Roadside Attractions in Feb 2012 the film also stars Paz de la Huerta and Lee Pace. Distributor Roadside Attractions released the film theatrically and on Video on demand on June 1 2012.
 Trouble in Texas is a 1937 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Calamity Jane is a Wild West-themed film musical released in 1953. It is loosely based on the life of Wild West heroine Calamity Jane and explores an alleged romance between Calamity Jane and Wild Bill Hickok in the American Old West. The film starred Doris Day as the title character and Howard Keel as Hickok.
 Mr. Rajesh is an action romance film directed by Jai Akash. The film was produced by Khader Valli and released under the banner of Rahmath Productions. The film is featured by Jai Akash alongside Sony Charista Simran and various others. The background score and soundtrack are composed by Sai Karthik. Akash played seven different characters in the movie.
 Beach Blanket Bingo is an American International Pictures beach party film released in 1965 and was directed by William Asher. It is the fifth film in the beach party film series. The film starred Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello and also featured cameos by Paul Lynde Don Rickles and Buster Keaton.
 Waiting for Summer is a 2012 Canadian drama film directed by Senthil Vinu starring Caleb Verzyden and Virginia Leigh. The film was released on March 30 2012 at the Canadian Film Fest in Toronto Canada and won the 2012 Film North Best Feature Award at the Film North – Huntsville International Film Festival.
 The Steamship That Carried Peace (Turkish: Barışı Taşıyan Vapur) is a documentary film about the Turkish steamship SS Kurtuluş that sank in 1942 in the Marmara Sea while taking food aid to Greece under Nazi occupation and suffering the Great Famine. The film was based on the research by Turkish writer-researcher-film director Erhan Cerrahoğlu and debuted on June 1 2006 in Istanbul.
 Day of Despair (O Dia do Desespero) is a 1992 Portuguese drama film based on the life of Portuguese writer Camilo Castelo Branco. It was directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
 Love & Pop (ラブ&ポップ Rabu & Poppu) is director Hideaki Anno's first live action film an adaptation of Ryū Murakami's novel Topaz II. Released in 1998 it somewhat follows the film Tokyo Decadence an adaptation of Topaz I filmed by Murakami himself. Love & Pop was filmed almost entirely on hand-held digital cameras and contains some very unusual camera work including many different mounted camera positions such as on a model train riding on tracks.
 Mumsy Nanny Sonny and Girly released as Girly in North America is the name of a 1970 British horror-comedy. The film originated as a dream project for renowned cinematographer-turned-director Freddie Francis who wanted the opportunity to direct a film over which he had complete creative control instead of working on assignment from a studio (as was the case with his previous directorial efforts).
 Phaedra was a 1962 motion picture directed by Jules Dassin as a vehicle for his partner Melina Mercouri after her world-wide hit Never on Sunday.The film was the fourth collaboration between Dassin and Mercouri who took the title role. Greek writer Margarita Lymberaki adapted Euripides' Hippolytusinto a melodrama concerning the rich society of ship owners and their families but still containing some of the tragic elements of the ancient drama.
 Not for Sale is a 1924 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Mary Odette Ian Hunter and Gladys Hamer. It was made at Cricklewood Studios by Stoll Pictures and based on a novel by Monica Ewer.
 A Battle of Wits also known as Battle of the Warriors is a 2006 Hong Kong-Chinese action film based on a Japanese historical novel (Rōmaji title: Bokkō or Bokukō; lit. Mohist Attack) by Ken'ichi Sakemi as well as the manga series Bokko by Hideki Mori. Directed by Jacob Cheung the film starred Andy Lau Ahn Sung-ki Wang Zhiwen Fan Bingbing Nicky Wu and Choi Siwon. This was a joint-production between China Hong Kong Japan and South Korea.
 George the Hedgehog (Polish: Jeż Jerzy) is a 2011 Polish animated comedy film directed by Wojciech Wawszczyk Jakub Tarkowski and Tomasz Leśniak. It is based on the Jeż Jerzy comic books and tells a story where two neo-Nazis and a mad scientist create a clone of the titular character in an attempt to defeat him.
 Cold Hearts is a 1999 film directed by Robert A. Masciantonio. It stars Marisa Ryan Robert Floyd and Amy Jo Johnson.
 Deepavali is a 2007 Indian Tamil romance film written and directed by Thulladha Manamum Thullum fame Ezhil and produced by Thirupathi Brothers the Tamil film production company owned by brothers N. Subash Chandrabose and noted director N. Lingusamy and was founded in 2006. Starring Jayam Ravi and Bhavana in lead and Raghuvaran Lal and Vijayakumar in supporting roles.
 Submarino is a 2010 Danish drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg starring Jakob Cedergren and Peter Plaugborg. It is based on the 2007 novel Submarino by Jonas T. Bengtsson and focuses on two brothers on the bottom of Danish society with lives marked by violence and drug addiction. The film was produced by Nimbus Film.
 Breast Men is a 1997 American semibiographical dark comedy film; it was written by John Stockwell and directed by Lawrence O'Neil for HBO.
 Juke Girl is a 1942 film.
 The Wizard of Loneliness is a 1988 American drama film based on the 1966 book of the same name by John Nichols. It is notable for being the first film that David Moscow was cast in.
 Vincent: The Life and Death of Vincent van Gogh is a documentary film by Australian director Paul Cox exploring the last eight years of the artist's life. Cox was attracted to the project because of his personal admiration for Van Gough:I found him such a compassionate wonderful human being. That attracted me above all. I found him always honest always real always doing his utmost and I related very much to his type of loneliness.
 Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 comedy film co-written produced and directed by Edgar Wright based on the graphic novel series Scott Pilgrim by Bryan Lee O'Malley. The film is about a young Canadian musician named Scott Pilgrim meeting the girl of his dreams an American delivery girl named Ramona Flowers. In order to win Ramona Scott learns that he must defeat Ramona's seven evil exes who are coming to kill him.Scott Pilgrim vs.
 The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith. It was the third in his series about the rural family the Hayseeds.It is considered a lost film.
 Shoeshine (Italian: Sciuscià from Italian pronunciation of the English) is a 1946 Italian film and the first major work directed by Vittorio De Sica. In it two shoeshine boys get into trouble with the police after trying to find the money to buy a horse.
 The Secret Fury is a 1950 American black-and-white psychological thriller film noir directed by Mel Ferrer featuring Claudette Colbert Robert Ryan and Jane Cowl.
 Blades of Glory is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon and starring Will Ferrell and Jon Heder. The movie was released on March 29 2007 produced by MTV Films Red Hour and Smart Entertainment released by DreamWorks Pictures and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was released on DVD and HD DVD on August 7 2007 and released on Blu-ray Disc on May 20 2008.
 Već viđeno (English: Reflections also known as Deja Vu) is a 1987 Yugoslavian psychological horror film directed by Goran Marković starring Mustafa Nadarević Anica Dobra Milorad Mandić Bogdan Diklić and Gordana Gadžić.
 Candy Mountain is a 1988 drama film directed by Robert Frank. It was shot in New York City and Cape Breton Nova Scotia.
 The Hound of the Baskervilles (Russian: Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона: Собака Баскервилей English: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson: The Hound of the Baskervilles) is a 1981 Soviet film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's novel The Hound of the Baskervilles. It was the third installment in the TV series about adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson.
 Park Row is a 1952 drama film starring Gene Evans as a New York City journalist who founds a new type of newspaper and Mary Welch as the established publisher who opposes him. It was written directed produced and financed by Samuel Fuller himself a New York reporter prior to turning to filmmaking. It was his favorite film though it did not do well at the box office.The title refers to the street in Manhattan where most of New York City's newspapers were located.
 Soul Boy is a 2010 Kenyan drama film written by Billy Kahora and directed by Hawa Essuman. It developed under the mentorship of German director and producer Tom Tykwer in Kibera one of the largest slums in the African continent in the middle of Nairobi Kenya. The film has received five nominations at the 2011 African Movie Academy Awards.The film originated in a workshop for young film enthusiasts from Nairobi guided by German director Tom Tykwer.
 Helter Skelter is a 1976 TV film based on the 1974 book by prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi and Curt Gentry. In the United States it aired over two nights. In some countries it was shown in theaters with additional footage (nudity language and more violence).The movie is based upon the murders committed by the Charles Manson Family. The best-known victim was actress Sharon Tate. The title was taken from the Beatles' song of the same name.
 Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey (Hindi: खेलें हम जी जान से) is a Hindi period piece film directed by Ashutosh Gowariker starring Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles. It is based on the book Do And Die by Manini Chatterjee based on the Chittagong Uprising of 1930. The film was shot mostly in Goa along with portions in Mumbai. The first promo of the film was unveiled on 12 October 2010 on the film's official Facebook page.The film was released on 3 December 2010.
 Quinto año nacional is a 1961 Argentine film.
 Providence is an American/Canadian 1991 film directed by David Mackay starring Keanu Reeves.
 Nasser 56 is a 1996 Egyptian historical film directed by Mohamed Fadel starring Ahmed Zaki. The film focuses on the nationalization of the Suez Canal by Egypt's second President Gamal Abdel Nasser and the subsequent invasion of Egypt by Israel the United Kingdom and France.Throughout the film events are depicted from an Egyptian nationalist viewpoint. The film's star Ahmed Zaki subsequently portrayed Nasser's successor as President Anwar El-Sadat in the 2001 film Days of Sadat.
 Thookku Thookki(Tamil: தூக்குத் தூக்கி) is a 1954 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan padmini and Lalitha.It was a successful Tamil play that had the following Tamil Maxims forming the core of its story. 1. A father cares only for the riches earned by his son; 2. Only a mother stands by the son through thick and thin; 3. A sister values her brother only for the gifts he brings her; 4. A wife should never be relied on for she will even murder her husband; and 5.
 House of the Black Death is a 1965 American film directed by Harold Daniels and Jerry Warren.The film is also known as Blood of the Man Beast (American alternative title) Blood of the Man Devil (American reissue title) and Night of the Beast (American pre-release title).
 Open Range is a 2003 Western film directed and co-produced by Kevin Costner starring Robert Duvall and Costner with Annette Bening and Michael Gambon appearing in supporting roles. The film was the final on-screen appearance of Michael Jeter who died before it was released and the film was dedicated to Jeter's memory and to that of Costner's parents Bill and Sharon.The film was a box office success and was critically favored.
 Leva på 'Hoppet' is a 1951 Swedish comedy film directed by Göran Gentele. At the 1st Berlin International Film Festival it won the Silver Bear (Comedies) award.
 Count to Ten (Spanish: Contar hasta diez) is a 1985 Argentine drama film directed by Oscar Barney Finn. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 La vendedora de rosas is a 1998 Colombian film directed by Victor Gaviria. It's an independent film about drugs in Colombia poverty and the difficult life young children have to suffer in Medellín. The film is based on the fairy tale The Little Match Girl by Hans Christian Andersen. The film was entered into the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.Many of the actors that starred in the film are now dead or in prison.
 Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead is a 2009 American independent film written and directed by Jordan Galland. The film's title refers to a fictitious play-within-the-movie which is a comic reinterpretation of Shakespeare’s Hamlet and its aftermath and whose title is a reference to the play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead. The cast includes Devon Aoki John Ventimiglia Kris Lemche Ralph Macchio Jeremy Sisto and Waris Ahluwalia. The film stars Jake Hoffman (son of Dustin Hoffman).
 Age of the Dragons is a 2011 fantasy film starring Danny Glover and Vinnie Jones directed by Ryan Little. A fantasy-themed reimagining of Herman Melville's classic novel Moby Dick it was released in the United Kingdom on March 4 2011.
 Sunny is an Indian film directed by Raj Khosla and released in 1984. The movie stars Sunny Deol Amrita Singh Dharmendra Waheeda Rehman and Sharmila Tagore in lead roles. Dharmendra played the father of his real-life son Sunny Deol in the film but they do not appear onscreen together. They went onto appear onscreen together in films like Sultanat (1986) and Kshatriya (1993).
 Rudaali is a 1993 Hindi film directed by the feminist Indian director Kalpana Lajmi based on the short story written by famous Bengali litterateur Mahasweta Devi.
 The Robber Bride (German: Die Räuberbraut) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Henny Porten Friedrich Feher and Artur Menzel. A young woman with romantic ideas rejects the arranged marriage her parents want for her dreaming instead of marrying a bandit.
 Las Aventuras de Jack is a 1949 Argentine film directed and written by Carlos F. Borcosque with Alphonse Daudet. The music was composed by Alejandro Gutiérrez del Barrio
 Beyond the Call is a 2006 documentary film about three middle-aged men who are former soldiers and modern-day knights. They travel the world delivering life saving humanitarian aid directly into the hands of civilians and doctors in some of the most dangerous yet beautiful places on Earth the front lines of war. It is the directorial debut of Academy Award nominee Adrian Belic.
 Nadie oyó gritar a Cecilio Fuentes is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Declaration of War (French: La Guerre est déclarée) is a 2011 French film directed by Valérie Donzelli and written by and starring Donzelli and Jérémie Elkaïm; it is based on actual events in their lives together when they were a young couple caring for their dangerously ill son. It was released on the 31 August 2011 and received very positive reviews; Allociné a review aggregation website gave it an average of 4.3 stars out of five.
 The Party is a 1968 comedy film directed by Blake Edwards starring Peter Sellers and Claudine Longet. The film has a very loose structure and essentially serves as a series of set pieces for Sellers's improvisational comedy talents.
 The Closet (French: Le placard) is a 2001 French comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber. It is about a man who pretends to be homosexual to keep his job with absurd and unexpected consequences.
 Time of My Life (Dutch: Tot Altijd) is a 2012 Belgian film written and directed by Nic Balthazar. The story is based upon real life events and even contains some original footage from news programs.
 The Wet Parade is a 1932 film directed by Victor Fleming based on a 1931 novel by Upton Sinclair starring Robert Young Myrna Loy Walter Huston and Jimmy Durante.
 Parmatma (परमात्मा) is a 1978 Bollywood adventure film directed by Chand.
 Gone Nutty (also known as Scrat's Missing Adventure) is an animated short film directed by Carlos Saldanha for Blue Sky Studios. The short features the character Scrat from Ice Age who is yet again having troubles with collecting his beloved acorns. It was released on November 26 2002 on the Ice Age DVD and VHS.The film was nominated for the 2003 Academy Award for Animated Short Film.
 Scrambled Wives is a lost 1921 American silent comedy film produced by and starring Marguerite Clark. It was directed by Edward H. Griffith and released through Associated First National. This film had one color sequence presumably a 1-strip Technicolor process being that Technicolor's Ray June is one of the cameramen. This film marks Clark's final screen performance.
 Arthur Rubinstein – The Love of Life (French: L'Amour de la vie – Artur Rubinstein) is a 1969 documentary about Polish-American pianist Arthur Rubinstein.The film won the 1969 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. It was also screened at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival but outside of the main competition.
 Men on Her Mind is a 1944 musical drama film directed by Wallace Fox produced by Alfred Stern. The screenplay was written by Raymond L. Schrock. The film stars Mary Beth Hughes Edward Norris and Ted North.
 I Drink Your Blood (also known as Hydro-Phobia) is a cult horror film originally released in 1970. The film was written and directed by David E. Durston produced by Jerry Gross and starred Bhaskar Roy Chowdhury and Lynn Lowry (who is uncredited in the film).Like many B-movies of its time I Drink Your Blood was a Times Square exploitation film and drive-in theater staple.
 Charithram (translation: History) is a 1989 Malayalam thriller film starring Mammootty and Rahman. It is written by S. N. Swamy and directed by G. S. Vijayan.
 Based on a book written by Ellen Byerrum (Crimes of Fashion) Killer Hair (also known as Crimes of Fashion: Killer Hair) is a television film that aired on the Lifetime Movie Network in 2009. The storyline follows a fashion journalist Lacey Smithsonian as she investigates the discovery of a dead body inside her friend's Washington DC hair salon.
 I Love You Alice B. Toklas is a 1968 romantic comedy film starring Peter Sellers directed by Hy Averback and featuring music by Harpers Bizarre. The film is set in the counterculture of the 1960s. The cast includes David Arkin Jo Van Fleet Leigh Taylor-Young (in her film debut) and a cameo by the script's co-writer Paul Mazursky. The title is a reference to writer Alice B. Toklas who authored a 1954 cookbook that featured making cannabis brownies.
 Lady Kul El Arab is a 2008 Israeli documentary directed by Ibtisam Mara'ana which tells the story of Doaa Fares a Druze model who entered the Miss Israel beauty contest in 2007. This caused some resentment from Israel's Druze community and she dropped out of the contest following threats for dishonouring her community and subsequent arrest of five people among them two of her uncles for planning her murder.
 Apocalypse Now Redux is a 2001 extended version of Francis Ford Coppola's epic war film Apocalypse Now which was originally released in 1979. Coppola along with editor/long-time collaborator Walter Murch added 49 minutes of scenes that had been cut out of the original film. It represents a significant re-edit of the original version.
 Crazy People (stylized as Cяazy People) is a 1990 comedy film starring Dudley Moore and Daryl Hannah and directed by Tony Bill.
 Road Movie (Korean: 로드무비) is a 2002 South Korean film about a love triangle between a woman a man who loves her and a gay man who loves him. Living on the margins of society they go on a road trip together.
 Submission (Swedish: Underkastelsen) is a 2010 Swedish documentary film directed by Stefan Jarl and narrated by Stellan Skarsgård. In the film director Jarl has his blood drawn for a series of tests to show how much of a chemical burden is in his body.Jarl convinces actress Eva Röse who is pregnant to have the blood tests also.
 Dead or Alive 2: Birds (DEAD OR ALIVE 2 逃亡者) is a 2000 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike. Dead or Alive 2: Birds is unrelated to Dead or Alive (1999) or Dead or Alive: Final (2002) except that all three films have Show Aikawa and Riki Takeuchi in them and they are all directed by Takashi Miike.[citation needed]
 The Little Shop of Horrors is a 1960 American comedy film directed by Roger Corman. Written by Charles B. Griffith the film is a farce about an inadequate florist's assistant who cultivates a plant that feeds on human flesh and blood. The film's concept is thought to be based on a 1932 story called Green Thoughts by John Collier about a man-eating plant. The film stars Jonathan Haze Jackie Joseph Mel Welles and Dick Miller all of whom had worked for Corman on previous films.
 Everything Will Be Fine (Danish: Alting bliver godt igen) is a 2010 Danish film directed by Christoffer Boe who also wrote the screenplay.
 Silent Valley is a 2012 Malayalam thriller film directed by Syed Usman and starring newcomers Nidheesh and Roopasree in the lead roles.
 Don't Bet on Blondes is a 1935 American romantic comedy film.
 Pirates of the 20th Century (Russian: Пираты XX века translit. Piraty XX veka) is a 1979 Soviet action/adventure film about modern piracy. The film was directed by Boris Durov the story was written by Boris Durov and Stanislav Govorukhin.The film was the leader of Soviet distribution in 1980 and had 87.6 million viewers.
 El gran premio (The Grand Prize) is a 1957 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Secret in Their Eyes (Spanish: El secreto de sus ojos) is a 2009 Argentine crime thriller film directed produced and edited by Juan José Campanella and written by Eduardo Sacheri and Campanella based on Sacheri's novel La pregunta de sus ojos (The Question in Their Eyes).
 Blue Mountain is a 1997 Swiss drama film directed by Thomas Tanner. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Legend of Tianyun Mountain (simplified Chinese: 天云山传奇; traditional Chinese: 天云山傳奇; pinyin: Tiān yún shān chuán qí) is a 1980 Chinese film about Chinese people's sufferings from the long-term political campaigns from Anti-rightists in 1950s until the fall of Gang of Four. It depicted the individuals' hardship in the political turmoils and critically reflected the impact of that special history after the formation of the People's Republic of China.
 Porky's Revenge! is the 1985 third installment to the Porky's film series. The film was directed by James Komack.
 Emanuelle Escapes from Hell (Italian: Emanuelle fuga dall'inferno) also known as Blade Violent - I violenti Blade Violent and Emanuelle in Prison is a 1983 Italian women in prison film directed by Bruno Mattei and starring Laura Gemser Gabriele Tinti Carlo De Mejo Lorraine De Selle and Franca Stoppi. The film was written and co-directed by Claudio Fragasso (a longtime Mattei collaborator) and was shot in 1982 with a mostly French crew.
 Heaven's Burning is a 1997 Australian film directed by Craig Lahiff and written by Louis Nowra.
 Hanging Up is a 2000 American comedy-drama film about a trio of sisters who bond over their ambivalence toward the approaching death of their curmudgeonly father to whom none of them were particularly close. This film features Diane Keaton (who also directed) Meg Ryan and Lisa Kudrow as the three sisters and Walter Matthau (in his final film appearance) as the father.
 Man on Fire is a 2004 American thriller film and the second adaptation of A. J. Quinnell's 1980 novel of the same name; the first film based on the novel was released in 1987.
 Ant-Man is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics characters of the same name: Scott Lang and Hank Pym produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film is intended to be the twelfth installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Edgar Wright is set to direct a screenplay written by himself and Joe Cornish with Paul Rudd and Michael Douglas starring as Lang and Pym respectively.
 Il delitto non paga is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 El Hijo del barrio is a 1940 Argentine film.
 The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D family comedy film loosely based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo and the 1980s animated TV series it spawned. It was directed by Raja Gosnell and stars Hank Azaria Neil Patrick Harris Jayma Mays and Sofía Vergara with Jonathan Winters and Katy Perry as the voices of Papa Smurf and Smurfette. It is the first CGI/live-action hybrid film produced by Sony Pictures Animation and in The Smurfs trilogy.
 My Friend Ganesha 3 is an animated movie under the banner of BaBa Arts Limited production and which released on March 26 2010. It's a sequel to 2009 film My Friend Ganesha 2.
 Ekam – Son of Soil is a 2010 Punjabi film directed by Mandeep Benipal (who earlier assisted Gaurav Trehan in Hashar) with story screenplay and dialogues by Master Tarlochan Singh produced by B S Maan (Khant) and Darshan Singh Grewal (executive producer) and starring Babbu Maan Mandy Takhar Mohitinder Bawa Bhagwant Mann Amrik Gill Binnu Dhillon Anita Shabdeesh Tarsem Paul Surinder Rehal Garry Waraich and Ravinder Mand.Ekam – Son of Soil released on 23 April 2010 globally.
 Bal-Can-Can (Macedonian: Бал-Кан-Кан transliterated Bal-Kan-Kan) is a 2005 Macedonian-Italian joint production film about a deserter who travels throughout the Balkans as a political immigrant in search of his dead mother-in-law who is wrapped in a carpet.
 Varietease is a 1954 American burlesque documentary film and the first such directed by Irving Klaw. According to its plot the iconic pin-up model Bettie Page performs a burlesque show alongside Lili St. Cyr Chris La Chris Vicki Lynn Bobby Shields and others.
 Red River Valley (Chinese: 红河谷; pinyin: Hóng hégŭ) is a 1997 film directed by Feng Xiaoning about the British incursion into Tibet starring Paul Kersey and Ning Jing. It was also released under the title A Tale of the Sacred Mountain. A book by Peter Fleming Ian Fleming's brother is credited in the movie.
 The Wonderful World of Auto-Tainment! is the 19th episode in the VeggieTales series. It was released on May 20 2003 on DVD and VHS. It is a variety show (with a theme song similar to Disney's The Wonderful World of Color) in which the Veggies sing songs from various sing-along albums in a format that conforms to Larry's idea of what the future of entertainment will be like. In Larry's estimation entertainment will be fully automated.
 For Australia is a 1915 Australian silent film directed by Monte Luke.
 Bring It On is a 2000 teen comedy film that was directed by Peyton Reed & Jim Rowley and written by Jessica Bendinger & Stephen White.
 La Tía Alejandra (Aunt Alejandra) is a Mexican horror film of 1979 starring by Isabela Corona.
 Jeevikkan Anuvadikku is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 The Sign of Four (1983) is a British television film directed by Desmond Davis and starring Ian Richardson and David Healy. The film is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novel of the same name the second novel to feature Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson.
 Chicago Joe and the Showgirl is a 1990 British crime drama film directed by Bernard Rose and written by David Yallop. The film was inspired by the real-life Hulten/Jones murder case of 1944 famously known as the Cleft Chin Murder.
 Upside-Down Girl is a 2007 short film directed by James Vandewater.
 Selling Innocence is a made-for-TV movie that shows and condemns the exploitation of teens on the web today.The movie is a coproduction between Edmonton based television production company ImagiNation Montreal's Cite-Amerique and CTV for their line of TV-movies collectively known as the CTV Signature Series. It made its broadcast premiere on July 2 2005 on the Canadian Television network CTV. Selling Innocence was also broadcast on US based Lifetime.
 Whirlygirl is a 2006 coming of age film starring Monet Mazur as the title character and Julian Morris who plays a boarding school student named James Edwards. It is written by Pete McCormack and directed by Jim Wilson.
 Enga Veetu Velan is a Tamil film released in 1992 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. The lead roles are played by Selvaraj and Rekha whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's real life children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released on 10 April 1992. The film completed a 100-day run.
 The Key to Paradise (Danish: Nøglen til Paradis) is a 1970 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer.
 A Woman Called Golda is a 1982 American made-for-television film biopic of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.Made by Paramount Television and directed by Alan Gibson the film stars Ingrid Bergman in the title role. It also features Ned Beatty Franklin Cover Judy Davis Anne Jackson Robert Loggia Leonard Nimoy Jack Thompson Bruce Boa Anthony Bate David de Keyser Barry Foster and Nigel Hawthorne.The film was the last of Ingrid Bergman's career. She died four months after its release.
 Something Wild is a 1986 American action comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Melanie Griffith Jeff Daniels and Ray Liotta. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Greeneyed Elephant (Danish: Elefanter på loftet) is a 1960 Danish family film directed by Peter Guildbrassen and starring Dirch Passer. The story revolves around two aspiring actresses who stumble upon an ancient Aztec sculpture of an elephant that has the power to switch both of their bodies. Little do they know their best friend can control the powers of the elephant thus sending the two girls into a world of role reversals.As of 2007 it is the oldest film in the Troma library.
 Ha-Hov aka HaChov or in English The Debt is a 2007 Israeli drama-thriller film directed by Assaf Bernstein and starring Gila Almagor Yuriy Chepurnov and Oleg Drach about three retired Mossad agents confronted by a challenge from their past. It was remade as the 2011 American/British film The Debt.
 The Broncho Twister is 1927 silent Western starring Tom Mix.
 Thenum Vayambum (Malayalam : തേനും വയമ്പും) is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by Ashok Kumar strarring Prem Nazir Rani Padmini Sumalatha and Mohanlal.
 Scandal Sheet is a 1985 American television movie starring Burt Lancaster and directed by David Lowell Rich. The film first aired on ABC on January 21 1985.
 Arumugam is a Tamil language film written and directed by Suresh Krishna starring Bharath in the lead role with Priyamani Ramya Krishnan and Saranya Mohan essaying supporting roles. The film released on 25 September 2009 to poor reviews. Annamalai part 2 is the review given by audiences.
 Do Waqt Ki Roti is a 1988 Indian Bollywood film directed by Satpal and produced by M.P. Agrawal. It stars Feroz Khan Sanjeev Kumar Reena Roy and Sulakshana Pandit in pivotal roles.
 La Vida color de rosa is a 1951 Argentine comedy film directed by León Klimovsky written by Carlos A. Petit.The film starred Virginia Luque and José María Gutiérrez.
 Revenge for Jolly! is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Chadd Harbold and written by Brian Petsos. It premiered at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival and stars Petsos as a man who avenges the death of his beloved dog. Oscar Isaac Elijah Wood Adam Brody Ryan Phillippe and Kristen Wiig co-star. In North America the film is distributed by Sony Pictures.
 The Luck of the Irish is a 2001 Disney Channel Original Movie. It has been shown in reruns each March on the Disney Channel around St. Patrick's Day.
 My Dear Marthandan is a 1990 Tamil-language film starring Prabhu and Kushboo in the lead roles. The film was produced by Sivaji Productions and directed by Prathap K. Pothan. It was a remake of the Hollywood film Coming to America starring Eddie Murphy.[citation needed] Actor Kamal Haasan did a guest role in the film.
 Lakhon Mein Ek is a 1971 Bollywood comedy film directed by S.S. Balan. The film stars Aruna Irani and Mehmood.This film was based on a very sensitive topic of Hindu-Muslim love story. Superb screenplay direction cinematography scenes and excellent performance by every actor. The film was a remake of Tamil film Ethir Neechal.
 Come On Leathernecks! is a 1938 American action film mixing football with the United States Marine Corps in the Philippines.Alan Ladd has a small role.
 Heroes in Hell (Italian: Eroi all'inferno) is a 1973 Italian war film directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Klaus Kinski.
 I due figli di Ringo (also known as Two Sons of Ringo) is a 1966 Italian western-parody film. It is the last film directed by Giorgio Simonelli that for health reasons just before the end of filming was replaced by Giuliano Carnimeo.
 Torn Sails is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Milton Rosmer Mary Odette and Geoffrey Kerr. It was based on the 1897 novel Torn Sails by Allen Raine. Like much of her work it is set in a small Welsh village.
 How Yukong Moved the Mountains (French: Comment Yukong déplaça les montagnes) is a 1976 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens about the last days of the Cultural Revolution. At 763 min it is one of the longest films by running time.
 Juno and the Paycock (1930) is a film written and directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Barry Fitzgerald Maire O'Neill Edward Chapman and Sara Allgood.The film was based on a successful play by Sean O'Casey.
 The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared (Swedish: Hundraåringen som klev ut genom fönstret och försvann) is a 2013 Swedish comedy film directed by Felix Herngren based on the novel of the same name. The film was screened in the Berlinale Special Gala section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Circle of Friends is a 1995 film directed by Irish filmmaker Pat O'Connor and based on the novel of the same name written by Maeve Binchy.
 Michael Collins is a 1996 historical biopic written and directed by Neil Jordan and starring Liam Neeson as Michael Collins the Irish patriot and revolutionary who died in the Irish Civil War. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 Little Man (stylized as LiTTLE MAN) is a 2006 American comedy film written produced and directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans and also written and produced by Wayans Brothers Marlon and Shawn Wayans who also both starred in the lead roles. The film co-stars Kerry Washington John Witherspoon Tracy Morgan and Lochlyn Munro. The film was released in the United States on July 14 2006.
 Fists of Bruce Lee is a 1978 film directed by and starring Bruce Lee imitator Bruce Li.
 Daring Lover is a 2014 Dhallywood film directed by Badiul Alam Khokon. starring Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas in lead roles  while Misa Sawdagar Probor Mitro and Rehana Jolly play other pivotal roles. This is a remake of 2006 Tamil language comedy film Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam. Upon release the film received massive response and is said to contribute to record breaking sales in some renowned theaters.
 Mini's First Time is a 2006 comedy drama film written and directed by Nick Guthe and produced by Trigger Street Productions. It was screened at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 1 2006 and had a limited release on July 14 2006. It was released on DVD on October 24 2006 by HBO Films.
 The Ravine of Goodbye (さよなら渓谷 Sayonara keikoku) is a 2013 Japanese drama film directed by Tatsushi Ōmori. It won the Special Jury Prize at the 35th Moscow International Film Festival. The ending theme song Saisakizaka was written by musician Ringo Sheena and performed by lead actress Yōko Maki.
 Dolphins is an IMAX documentary produced in 2000. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short Subject. Directed by Greg MacGillivray with Chris Palmer serving as executive producer this feature follows a few scientists studying dolphins (chiefly Kathleen Dudzinski Dean Bernal and Alejandro Acevedo-Gutiérrez as well as Louis Herman and Bernd Wursig) as they work to learn more about dolphins.
 Phantom Killer is a 1942 American romantic mystery film directed by William Beaudine. It stars Dick Purcell Joan Woodbury and John Hamilton.
 Bikinisesongen (Norwegian: The bikini season) is a 1994 Norwegian comedy film directed by Runar Jarle Wiik starring Thor-Ivar Forsland and Eduardo Verdu. The film features the friends Snorre (Verdu) and Leo (Forsland) two boys who dream of making quick money without much success. The buy a truckload of bikinis and head for Western Norway to make sales ignoring the fact that it is already late autumn.
 Sagebrush Law is a 1943 Western film.It is one of Tim Holt's least regarded Westerns.
 Killer Pad is a 2008 comedy/horror film directed by Robert Englund and starring Daniel Franzese Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae.
 Maedeli la brèche is a 1980 Belgian short film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael. The short film was shot in 1980 in Belgium with a Super 35 camera. The film starred Nico d'Oreye Julie Dubart Colette Forton Marie-José Mgank and Jean-François Dufranne. The original music score was written by Pierre Van Dormael Jaco's brother. Van Dormael wrote the film while he was a student at the INSAS in Brussels.
 Lake Tahoe is a 2008 Mexican drama film directed by Fernando Eimbcke. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in Germany on February 9 2008 and won ten awards including two Silver Ariels for best supporting actor (Hector Herrera) and best director.The film follows a teenage boy who has crashed the family car and his prolonged attempts to find a new engine part to fix it. His and his family's grief at his father's recent death are also shown.
 Penitentiary is a 1938 American crime film directed by John Brahm starring Walter Connolly John Howard Jean Parker and Robert Barrat. It was the second Columbia Pictures film adaptation of the 1929 stage play The Criminal Code by Martin Flavin after Howard Hawk's The Criminal Code (1931) and followed by Henry Levin's Convicted (1950).
 Vedan (meaning Hunter) is a 1993 Tamil crime film directed by Suresh Krissna. The film features Sarath Kumar and Kushboo in lead roles and was released on 6 May 1993.
 Luna Caliente (English: Hot Moon) is a 2009 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda starring Eduard Fernández and Thaïs Blume. The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Argentine author Mempo Giardinelli. While the book was set during the last dictatorship in Argentina Aranda set the story in Spain during the Burgos Trial of 1970 which caused some of the last death sentences in Spain during Francos' regime.
 Innocence is a 2013 American horror drama film directed by Hilary Brougher and co-written with Tristine Skyler based on a 2000 novel of same name written by Jane Mendelsohn. The film stars Sophie Curtis Kelly Reilly Graham Phillips Linus Roache Sarah Sutherland and Stephanie March.
 Dont Look Back [sic] is a 1967 documentary film by D.A. Pennebaker that covers Bob Dylan's 1965 concert tour in the United Kingdom.In 1998 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Won Ton Ton the Dog Who Saved Hollywood is a 1976 film directed by Michael Winner and starring Madeline Kahn Bruce Dern Teri Garr and Art Carney. Spoofing the craze surrounding Rin Tin Tin the film is notable for the large number of cameo appearances by actors and actresses from Hollywood's golden age.
 Blood and Ties (Hangul: 공범; RR: Gongbeom; lit. Accomplices) is a 2013 South Korean crime-thriller film written and directed by Guk Dong-seok and starring Son Ye-jin and Kim Kap-soo. It follows a budding journalist who suspects that her doting father may have been the culprit in a kidnap-murder case 15 years ago.
 Apaporis (also known as Apaporis En Busca del Rio or Apaporis: In Search of One River or In Search of One River) is a Colombian documentary film directed by Antonio Dorado. The movie was produced by Antonio Dorado Juan Carlos Paredes and Omar Dorado. It opened theatrically in New York City on July 30 2010 and opens in Los Angeles on August 6 2010 at the 14th Annual DocuWeeks.
 Railways (RAILWAYS 49歳で電車の運転士になった男の物語 Railways 49-sai de Densha no Untenshi ni Natta Otoko no Monogatari) is a Japanese film released on 29 May 2010. The film was produced by Shūji Abe directed by Yoshinari Nishikōri and stars Kiichi Nakai and Reiko Takashima.
 Boy Slaves is a 1939 drama film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by P.J. Wolfson and based upon an Albert Bein story. Boy Slaves is an exposé of child labor.
 State Secret is a 1950 British drama film directed by Sidney Gilliat and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Jack Hawkins Glynis Johns and Herbert Lom. It was released in the United States under the title The Great Manhunt.
 Habeas Corpus is a 1928 short comedy silent film starring Laurel and Hardy as grave-robbers hired by a mad scientist. It was shot in July 1928 and released by M-G-M on December 1st. Although technically a silent film — having intertitles and no synchronized dialogue — it was the inaugural Roach film released with a synchronized music and sounds effects track for theatres wired for sound.
 Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild! is the 2008 sequel to the 2006 comedy Another Gay Movie. It features five cast members from the first movie: Jonah Blechman (Nico Hunter) Ashlie Atkinson (Dawn Muffler) Scott Thompson (Mr. Wilson) Stephanie McVay (Mrs. Hunter) and Andersen Gabrych. It was released in only seven theaters and ran for only 10 weeks before going to DVD.Nancy Sinatra who sang the song Another Gay Sunshine Day for the first film receives Special Thanks.
 Dorte is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen.
 One Hundred and One Dalmatians often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians is a 1961 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney based on the novel by Dodie Smith. The 17th in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series the film was originally released to theaters on January 25 1961 by Buena Vista Distribution.The film features Rod Taylor as the voice of Pongo the first of the Dalmatians and Betty Lou Gerson as the voice of Cruella de Vil the film's antagonist.
 Night of the Garter is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard Winifred Shotter and Elsie Randolph. It was based on the play Getting Gertie's Garter by Avery Hopwood and Wilson Collison.
 A Tight Corner is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Frank Pettingell Gina Malo Betty Astell and Charles Stratton.
 Das tapfere Schneiderlein is an East German fantasy film directed by Helmut Spieß. It was released in 1956.
 Agra is a Tamil film released in 2007.
 The Art of Negative Thinking (Norwegian: Kunsten å tenke negativt) is a 2006 Norwegian black comedy film directed and written by Bård Breien. The storyline revolves around a man (played by Fridtjov Såheim) who is adjusting to life in a wheelchair and the socializing group he is made to join. The film was Breien's directorial debut. It was produced by Dag Alveberg for the production company Maipo film- og TV-produksjon.
 Şabanoğlu Şaban is a 1989 Turkish comedy film directed by Ertem Eğilmez.
 Magrib (Malayalam: മഗ്‌രിബ് English: Dusk or Reprieve) is a 1993 Malayalam film by P. T. Kunju Muhammed. The film is about the relative shift in the frame of references ruling the familial relations in a traditional community having specific cultural ethos that of the Muslims in the South Malabar. It stars Murali Sreenivasan V. K. Sreeraman and Saranya.
 The Last Romantic is a documentary filmed within the home of concert pianist Vladimir Horowitz. The film contains mainly performances of classical works but also provides an intimate look into Horowitz's private life.
 Hong Kong Confidential (Latvian: Amaya) is a 2010 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Latvian director Māris Martinsons.It was chosen as Latvia's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Chathurangam is a Malayalam movie released in 2002 directed by K. Madhu and featuring Mohanlal Navya Nair Lalu Alex and Nagma. This film was a hit.
 Il provinciale (The Provincial) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.
 The Victor (German: Der Sieger) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Hans Hinrich and Paul Martin and starring Hans Albers Käthe von Nagy and Julius Falkenstein. A postal clerk loses his money gambling on horses but eventually meets and falls in love with a wealthy man's daughter. It premiered on 23 March 1932 at the Gloria-Palast in Berlin.The film's art direction was by Erich Kettelhut.
 Northern Light (Dutch: Langer Licht) is a 2006 Dutch film directed by David Lammers set in Amsterdam-Noord.Mitchell (also written Mitchel; Dai Carter) is a 15-year-old boy who lives with only his father Lucien (Raymond Thiry) since his mother and sister died in an accident. Mitchell finds a girlfriend Kiki (Melody Klaver). Mitchell is bullied by Lucien.
 Vaniusha and The Space Pirate (Russian: Ванюша и космический пират) is a 1991 Soviet Russian stop-motion animation film by Vladimir Danilevich. This film prodused by Soyuzmultfilm studio. The film is about The Friendly Newcomer from another planet. The film is The Third Film of the tetralogy which tells about the adventures of The Newcomer Vaniusha and his friends. Other three films called The Newcomer in The Cabbage Vaniusha The Newcomer and Vaniusha and The Giant.
 The Frozen Ghost (1945) is a mystery film starring Lon Chaney Jr. and Evelyn Ankers and directed by Harold Young. It is the fourth of the six Inner Sanctum mystery films.
 Bopha! is a 1993 drama film directed by Morgan Freeman and starring Danny Glover. It was adapted from a 1986 play by Percy Mtwa and was Freeman's directorial debut.
 Enlarged to Show Detail 2 (full title: 311: Enlarged to Show Detail 2 a.k.a. E.T.S.D.2) is the second documentary created by the Multi-genred band 311 in 2001. This is their second video documenting their experiences as a band promoting what they consider to be peace and a positive outlook on life. The video caries a Parental Advisory due to explicit lyrics and large display of adult content.Enlarged to Show Detail 2 was certified as a Gold selling video by the RIAA.
 Strange Impersonation is a 1946 film noir directed by Anthony Mann featuring Brenda Marshall William Gargan and Hillary Brooke.
 Ara is a 2008 Turkish drama film directed by Ümit Ünal starring Erdem Akakçe Betül Çobanoğlu Serhat Tutumluer and Selen Uçer all originally stage actors.The film's plot spans a decade and evolves around the relations of two middle class urban couples Veli and Selda Veli's business partner Ender and Gül. Selda is romantically and sexually involved with Ender while Gül and Veli are also in an extramarital relationship.
 The 400 Blows (French: Les quatre cents coups) is a 1959 French drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Jean-Pierre Léaud Albert Rémy and Claire Maurier. One of the defining films of the French New Wave it displays many of the characteristic traits of the movement. Written by Truffaut and Marcel Moussy the film is about Antoine Doinel a misunderstood adolescent in Paris who is thought by his parents and teachers to be a troublemaker.
 Sorority Wars is a made-for-television film that aired on Lifetime in 2009 starring Lucy Hale Phoebe Strole Amanda Schull Chelan Simmons and Faith Ford. It was directed by James Hayman and filmed in Vancouver.
 The Detached Mission sometimes translated as Solo Voyage or Solo Journey (Russian: Одиночное Плавание translit. Odinochnoye Plavanie) and also known as The Russian Hero is a 1985 Soviet military action film directed by Mikhail Tumanishvili.
 Undefeated is a 2011 documentary directed by Daniel Lindsay and T.J. Martin. The film documents the struggles of a high school football team the Manassas Tigers of Memphis as they attempt a winning season after years of losses. The team is turned around by coach Bill Courtney who helps form a group of young men into an academic and athletic team.
 It Happened in Brooklyn is a 1947 MGM musical romantic comedy film directed by Richard Whorf and starring Frank Sinatra Kathryn Grayson Peter Lawford and Jimmy Durante and featuring Gloria Grahame and Marcy McGuire. It Happened in Brooklyn was Sinatra's third film for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer who had purchased his contract from RKO because Louis B.
 The Gunman is an upcoming thriller film directed by Pierre Morel and written by Don Macpherson and Pete Travis based on the novel The Prone Gunman by Jean-Patrick Manchette. It stars Sean Penn Javier Bardem and Peter Franzén.
 Of Love and Other Demons (Spanish: Del amor y otros demonios) is a 2009 Costa Rican drama film directed by Hilda Hidalgo. The film was selected as the Costa Rican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. It is based on the novel of the same name by Gabriel García Márquez.
 Gidget Grows Up is a 1969 television film directed by James Sheldon and starring Karen Valentine Paul Lynde and Edward Mulhare freely adapted from the novel Gidget Goes New York by Frederick Kohner. It premiered on ABC on December 30 1969 and was intended as a pilot for a possible new Gidget series possibly a sequel to the 1960s sitcom Gidget.
 Bharya is a 1962 Malayalam language film starring Sathyan and Ragini in the lead roles. It was directed by Kunchacko based on a novel with the same title by Kanam EJ.The novel was based on the controversial Thiruvalla Ammalu murder case. Ponkunnam Varkey wrote the dialogues which became a cult favourite among family audiences and was subsequently released along with the soundtrack album.
 If a Body Meets a Body is the 86th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges.
 Un rey en la Habana (A king in Havana) is a film produced in 2005 starring Alexis Valdés.
 The Head Waiter is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Bra Boys: Blood is Thicker than Water is a 2007 Australian Documentary film about a surf gang on Sydney's Maroubra beach released in March 2007. The film details a story of the Bra Boys from the viewpoint of the gang members particularly the Abbertons. Sunny Abberton wrote and co-directed the film with Macario De Souza. Actor Russell Crowe was producer and provided narration.
 Cowboys Cry for It 1925 is a short film comedy starring Stan Laurel.Directed by Clyde Bruckman.
 The Haunted Curiosity Shop is a 1901 British short silent horror film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring an elderly curio dealer alarmed by various apparitions that appear in his shop. The film was clearly devised purely as a showcase for Booth and Paul's bag of tricks and according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline it's an effective and engrossing experience.
 The Empress Dowager is a 1975 Hong Kong historical film directed by Li Han-hsiang and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio starring Lisa Lu as Empress Dowager Cixi.
 Khara Kadhi Bolu Naye (Marathi: खरं कधी बोलू नये) is a 1987 Marathi film directed by Ravi Namade.
 Bangaru Panjaram (Telugu: బంగారు పంజరం) is 1969 Telugu drama film directed by B. N. Reddy. It is a musical film with lyrics written by Devulapalli Krishnasastri.
 Sink the Bismarck! is a 1960 black-and-white British war film based on the book Last Nine Days of the Bismarck by C. S. Forester. It stars Kenneth More and Dana Wynter and was directed by Lewis Gilbert. To date it is the only film made that deals directly with the operations chase and sinking of the battleship Bismarck by the Royal Navy during the Second World War.
 Buttoners (Czech: Knoflíkáři) is a 1997 Czech film directed by Petr Zelenka.
 El Patrullero (aka Highway Patrolman) (1991) is the first Mexican feature film by the British director Alex Cox. It was produced by Lorenzo O'Brien who also wrote the screenplay and stars Roberto Sosa Bruno Bichir Zaide Silvia Gutiérrez and Vanessa Bauche. The cinematography is by Miguel Garzon and the production designer was Cecilia Montiel who went on to work on The Mask of Zorro as well as on Cox's Alan Smithee film The Winner.
 Muchas gracias de nada is a 1979 Argentine film.
 Vendetta di zingara is a 1950 Italian film directed by Aldo Molinari.
 Caprices is a 1942 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux and Albert Préjean and was directed by Léo Joannon who co-wrote screenplay with André Cayatte and Jacques Companéez for the Nazi run film company Continental Films who made films to take the place of banned American films. It was released on VHS by TF1 Vidéo in France on 1 January 1998.
 Hostage is a 2005 thriller film with Bruce Willis that was directed by Florent Emilio Siri. The film was based on a novel by Robert Crais and was adapted for the screen by Doug Richardson.The film's plot is roughly the same as the novel; the main difference is that a complicated subplot involving the Mafia was removed and the ages of the first group of hostage-takers was lowered slightly.
 Steel Cold Winter (Hangul: 소녀; RR: Sonyeo; lit. Girl) is a 2013 South Korean romance/mystery thriller film starring Kim Yoon-hye and Kim Shi-hoo. Directed by Choi Jin-sung it premiered in the New Currents section of the 18th Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on November 7 2013.
 Full Frontal is a 2002 film by Steven Soderbergh about a day in the life of a handful of characters in Hollywood. It stars Catherine Keener David Duchovny Julia Roberts Mary McCormack Brad Pitt and David Hyde Pierce. The film was shot on digital video using the Canon XL-1s in under a month.The film blurs the line between what is real and what is fiction in its depiction of a film within a film (and possibly within another).
 Aadhi Haqeeqat Aadha Fasana (English title - Children of the Silver Screen) is 1990 Hindi/English language Documentary Feature film directed by Dilip Ghosh and produced by Ravi Malik in association with National Film Development Corporation of India.
 The People Next Door is a 1970 film directed by David Greene. It stars Eli Wallach and Julie Harris.
 Thavam (English:Penance) is a Tamil film released in 2007. It failed to make an impact at the box office. It was a remake of telugu film Itlu Sravani Subramanyam.
 Sherlock Holmes and the Baskerville Case is a 1983 Australian film.
 Cerberus (also known as Cerberus: the Guardian of Hell) is a 2005 Sci Fi Channel original film starring Sebastian Spence Emmanuelle Vaugier and Greg Evigan. The film was directed by John Terlesky. The film was released direct–to–video in 2005.
 The Town is a 2010 American crime drama film starring co-written and directed by Ben Affleck adapted from Chuck Hogan's novel Prince of Thieves. The film opened in theaters in the United States on September 17 2010 at number one with more than $23 million and positive reviews. Jeremy Renner was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance.
 Red Blossoms (Spanish: Azahares rojos) is a 1940 Argentine comedy film directed by and written by Edmo Cominetti. The film starred Mecha Caus and Antuco Telesca.
 Alles Bob (Its all Bob) is a 1999 German film starring Gregor Torzs and Miriam Lahnstein directed by Otto Alexander Jahrreiss.The film is about a young man who tells women what they want to hear to get sex.
 The Double Hold-Up is a 1919 short Western film directed by Phil Rosen and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 International Crime is a 1938 American film directed by Charles Lamont starring Rod La Rocque as Lamont Cranston.
 Killjoy Goes to Hell is a 2012 horror comedy and sequel to Full Moon's hit urban horror movie Killjoy. This film is one of several made by Full Moon Entertainment in an attempt to resurrect old franchises. Other new films included Puppet Master: Axis of Evil and The Demonic Toys 2: Personal Demons. During Sandie's recap of Killjoy 3 there are three scenes shown in the montage that are not in the final cut of the previous film.
 Dr. Heckyl and Mr. Hype is a 1980 film directed by Charles B. Griffith starring Oliver Reed and Sunny Johnson.
 Backstage is a French film directed by Emmanuelle Bercot released in 2005. It was screened in the Official Selection (Out of Competition) category of the 62nd Venice International Film Festival.
 Donde duermen dos... duermen tres is a 1979 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Cahen Salaberry.
 Moonwalk One is a feature-length documentary film about the flight of Apollo 11 which landed the first humans on the moon. Besides portraying the massive technological achievement of that event the film places it in some historical context and tries to capture the mood and feel of the people on Earth at the time when man first walked on another world.
 Click Clack Jack: A Rail Legend is a 2008 Christian family film directed by Ryan Bodie. The film has received several film festival awards including Best Short Film at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival. It was produced in California on an estimated budget of $1000000.
 Mt. Tsurugidake (劒岳 点の記 Tsurugidake Ten no Ki) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Daisaku Kimura.
 Children of Chance is a 1930 British crime film directed by Alexander Esway and starring Elissa Landi Mabel Poulton John Stuart and John Longden.
 Zulu Love Letter is a 2004 film.
 Four in a Jeep (German: Die Vier im Jeep) is a 1951 Swiss drama film directed by Leopold Lindtberg.
 The Horsemen is a 1971 film starring Omar Sharif directed by John Frankenheimer; screenplay by Dalton Trumbo. Based on a novel by French writer Joseph Kessel Les Cavaliers (The Horsemen) shows Afghanistan and its people the way they were before the wars that wracked the country particularly their love for the sport of buzkashi. Jack Palance plays Tursen a renowned retired buzkashi player who is disappointed in his son Uraz (Omar Sharif). The film was filmed in Afghanistan and Spain.
 Zakhmi Kunku is a Marathi movie released on 22 November 1995. The movie has been produced by Dinesh Deshpande along with Atul Laulkar and directed by Ramesh Gangane. The movie is a revenge saga of how a lone woman takes revenge of her husband’s death who was brutally killed for a piece of land.
 This Property Is Condemned is a 1966 American drama film starring Natalie Wood Robert Redford Kate Reid Charles Bronson and Mary Badham and directed by Sydney Pollack. The screenplay was written by Francis Ford Coppola Fred Coe and Edith Sommer. The story was adapted from the 1946 one-act play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. The film was released by Paramount Pictures.The depression-era story takes place in the fictional Mississippi town of Dodson.
 Mapado (Hangul: 마파도) is a 2005 South Korean film directed by Choo Chang-min.
 Son of Man is a 2006 movie directed by South African director Mark Dornford-May. It was the first South African movie to make its debut at Sundance Film Festival.
 Broken Trail is a 2006 Western miniseries directed by Walter Hill and starring Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church. Written by Alan Geoffrion who also wrote the novel the story is about an aging cowboy and his nephew who transport 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming to sell them to the British Army. Along the way their simple horse drive is complicated when they rescue five Chinese girls from a slave trader saving them from a life of prostitution and indentured servitude.
 For other films titled Black Sheep see Black sheep (disambiguation)La pecora nera internationally released as The Black Sheep is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.For his performance Ettore Mattia won the Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actor.
 Bullet Boy is a 2004 British drama film directed by Saul Dibb written by Saul Dibb and Catherine Johnson and stars Ashley Walters. The film’s original music was composed and performed by Robert Del Naja of Massive Attack who released it as an album. The film is about a family in crime ridden east London the eldest son’s involvement in gun crime and the effects of this on his younger brother. Filming took place in summer 2003.
 Oru Naal Varum (Malayalam: ഒരു നാൾ വരും; English: A day will come) is a 2010 Malayalam satirical film produced by Maniyanpilla Raju and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar. It was scripted by Sreenivasan. It features Mohanlal and Sameera Reddy in the lead role. The film marks the Malayalam film debut of the Bollywood actress Sameera Reddy.
 Tomcats is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Gregory Poirier.
 In Film/On Video is a collection of video and film of Washington D.C. rock band The Make-Up released in 2006 by Dischord Records. Included on the DVD:Blue is Beautiful33 minute film by James Schneider shot in 16 mm film with optional audio commentary by Make-Up front man Ian Svenonius.Music videos: Save Yourself White Belts Call Me Mommy and Little Black BookPreviously unreleased video version of Save Yourself and three instrumental demos.
 Tender Loving Care is an interactive movie originally released in 1998 by Aftermath Media. It is a psychological thriller starring Michael Esposito Beth Tegarden and John Hurt as Dr. Turner. It was written and directed by David Wheeler and produced by Rob Landeros who also designed the interactive features. The game was originally produced with the intention of releasing the game under the Trilobyte label but Landeros was fired from the company before it was released.
 Garden of Heaven is a 2003 South Korean film starring Ahn Jae-wook and Lee Eun-joo.
 Heart and Soul (Italian: Cuore also known as Heart) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica and Duilio Coletti based on Edmondo de Amicis' novel Heart. De Sica won the Silver Ribbon for Best Actor by the Italian National Syndicate of Film Journalists.
 Brucia ragazzo brucia (internationally released as A Woman on Fire and Burn Boy Burn) is a 1969 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Fernando Di Leo. It gained a great commercial success and launched the career of Di Leo as director.
 The Forger is a light-drama film about art forgery released in 2012 starring Lauren Bacall Alfred Molina Dina Eastwood Hayden Panettiere and Josh Hutcherson. The film is produced by Michael-Ryan Fletchall and Craig Comstock directed by Lawrence Roeck and written by Carlos De Los Rios.
 Balancing Acts is a 2005 documentary film by Donna Schatz that chronicles the lives of Chinese acrobat Man-Fong Tong and his wife Magda Schweitzer a Jewish acrobat from Budapest Hungary. The two met in Europe on the eve of World War II. They were both at the peak of their careers performing at the Moulin Rouge and Cirque Medrano and alongside acts such as Maurice Chevalier and Bill 'Bojangles' Robinson.
 Naan Aval Adhu (Tamil: நான் அவள் அது ) (English: Me Her It) is an upcoming Tamil-language film directed by Kona Venkat. Filming started for the project in 2009 with Madhavan Shamita Shetty and Sadha in the title roles with the film being a remake of the 2007 Hindi horror film Darling.It was initially produced by Ram Gopal Varma but the film was sold before release to Storm Pictures after Varma Venkat and Madhavan had gone through creative differences.
 Heaven and Earth　(天と地と Ten to chi to) is a 1990 film directed by Haruki Kadokawa starring Enoki Takaaki Tsugawa Masahiko Asano Atsuko Zaizen Naomi and Nomura Hironobu.
 Samayou Yaiba (さまよう刃) is a Japanese novel written by Keigo Higashino in 2003. In 2009 a Japanese film by Shouichi Mashiko was produced by Toei based on the original novel. The film is also known under the English title The Hovering Blade.
 Henry Fool is a 1997 American seriocomic film written produced and directed by Hal Hartley featuring Thomas Jay Ryan James Urbaniak and Parker Posey. As in The Unbelievable Truth an earlier Hartley film expectation and reality again conflict.The film won the best screenplay award at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. A sequel titled Fay Grim was released in 2007.
 ODDSAC is a visual album by Animal Collective featuring psychedelic visuals directed and edited by Danny Perez.First announced in August 2006 the film took over four years to complete. The band members and director Danny Perez dubbed the 53 minute combination of Perez's film and Animal Collective's music a “visual album” or “visual record” in which the visual “scenarios” were created to reflect the music and the music was created to reflect the imagery.
 The Great Passage (舟を編む Fune o Amu) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Yuya Ishii starring Ryuhei Matsuda as a dictionary editor. It is based on the best-selling novel by Shiwon Miura. The film was selected as the Japanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Museum of Government Waste is an upcoming documentary produced by American Film Renaissance that follows Florida resident Greg Knapp on his mission to obtain an earmark from Congress to construct a museum dedicated to careless government spending. The film aims to show citizens how “elected officials spend [their] money as painful as the truth is.”
 Gotham is a 1988 thriller film written and directed by Lloyd Fonvielle.
 Rocky is a boxing saga of popular films all written by and starring Sylvester Stallone who plays the character Rocky Balboa. The films are by order of release date: Rocky (1976) Rocky II (1979) Rocky III (1982) Rocky IV (1985) Rocky V (1990) and Rocky Balboa (2006). The film series has grossed more than US$1 billion at the worldwide box office.The original film and the fifth installment were directed by John G. Avildsen while Stallone directed all of the others.
 The Nine Lives of Tomas Katz (1999) is an Anglo-German black and white feature film. It is an avant-garde comedy about the Apocalypse co-written and directed by Ben Hopkins.
 Einer spinnt immer is a 1971 Austrian / West German film directed by Franz Antel.
 An Obsolete Altar is a 2013 short film is inspired by the play Achalayatan written by Rabindranath Tagore. The film has been officially selected for International competition as the only Indian film at the Eastern Breeze International Film Festival in Canada and Up and Coming Film Festival in Hannover Germany has selected the film out of 2982 films submitted from 54 countries.
 The Lane That Had No Turning is a 1922 silent film by Victor Fleming.
 The Upper Footage (also known as Upper) is a 2013 found footage film directed and written by Justin Cole. The movie first released on January 31 2013 to a limited run of midnight theatrical screenings at Landmark’s Sunshine Cinema in New York City. The film centers upon the death of a teenager and attempts to cover it up.
 Dirty is a 2005 American crime drama film directed by Chris Fisher. The film stars Cuba Gooding Jr. and Clifton Collins Jr. The film was released in the United States on November 9 2005.
 Chauranghee is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 She Grazed Horses on Concrete (Slovak: Pásla kone na betóne) is a film which lays out serious topics that include a woman's capacity to hold her own in society sexual mores and abortion and balances them with comedy and irony in proportions that instantly made it one of the biggest domestic blockbusters in Slovak cinema.A quarter of a century later its DVD release sold out within weeks.
 Eye in the Labyrinth (Italian: L'occhio nel labirinto) is a 1972 Italian horror film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Rosemary Dexter.
 The Tunnel Under The World (original italian title Il tunnel sotto il mondo) is a 1969 Italian science-fiction film directed by Luigi Cozzi based of the Frederik Pohl's novel of the same name and it is the Luigi Cozzi's directorial debuts.
 Fodboldpræsten is a 1951 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.
 Vaadhyar (Malayalam: വാദ്ധ്യാർ Vāadhyar ?; English: Teacher) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nidheesh Sakthi and written by Rajesh Raghavan Produced by N Sudhish under the banner of Lakshminath Creations and the music is composed by Manoj George and R. Gautham. The film stars Jayasurya in the title role.The film is about a government school teacher named Anoop Krishnan his dream is to become an MBA holder but circumstances force him to take up teaching profession.
 Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge also known by its Japanese title Dragon Ball Z: The Incredible Mightiest vs. Mightiest (ドラゴンボールZ とびっきりの最強対最強 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Tobikkiri no Saikyō tai Saikyō) or by Toei's own English title Dragon Ball Z: The Strongest Rivals is the fifth Dragon Ball Z animated feature movie originally released in Japan on July 20 1991 at the Toei Anime Fair.Funimation Entertainment released the film in North America with an English dub to VHS and DVD on January 22 2002.
 Agni Rekha is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Kaul. The film stars Bindu and Sanjeev Kumar .
 Paris: XY is a 2001 film directed by Zeka Laplaine.
 Iron Monkey (Tie ma liu aka “School of Shaolin (USA)” Bloody Monkey Master) is a martial arts film directed by and starring Chen Kuan Tai as a Shaolin Temple trained Monkey Kung Fu expert fighting against the Qings.
 Star in the Dust (also released as Law Man) is a 1956 American western film made by Universal International Pictures and starring John Agar Mamie Van Doren and Richard Boone.In the town of Gunlock sheriff Bill Jorden is due to hang Sam Hall for cattle-stealing. Jorden has to contend however with various citizens including the cowboys who want to rescue Hall and the cattlemen and farmers who want to lynch him.
 Khel Mandala is a Marathi drama film released on April 27 2012. Produced by Ashok Narkar Mirah Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. and Amrutaa Productions and directed by Viju Mane the film stars Mangesh Desai Ananya Devre Uday Sabnis Urmila Kanetkar Santosh Juvekar and Prasad Oak. The film's music is by Chinar - Mahesh.
 The Customer of the Off Season (Hebrew: Ore'ach B'Onah Metah‎) is a 1970 Israeli drama film directed by Moshé Mizrahi. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Zombie Diaries is a 2006 British independent horror film written produced and directed by Kevin Gates and first-time feature-filmmaker Michael Bartlett.The film was shot in a hand-held documentary format on DV and split into three separate parts.
 I Will Always Love You is a Philippine movie starring Richard Gutierrez and Angel Locsin. The theme song of the film I'll Always Love You was performed by Nina.
 Certain Fury is a 1985 American action/drama film directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal and starring Tatum O'Neal and Irene Cara.
 Bombshell is a 1933 American Pre-Code romantic comedy-drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Jean Harlow Lee Tracy Frank Morgan C. Aubrey Smith Mary Forbes and Franchot Tone. The film is based on the unproduced play of the same name by Caroline Francke and Mack Crane and was adapted for the screen by John Lee Mahin and Jules Furthman.
 Land of No Return is a 1978 thriller film written directed and produced by Kent Bateman who is also the father to both Jason and Justine Bateman. The film stars Mel Torme and William Shatner.The film was shot in Utah and released theatrically by The International Picture Show Company whose president at the time was legendary B-movie filmmaker Bill Rebane.Alternate titles for the film include Challenge to Survive and Snowman.
 Fancy Pants is a 1950 American comedy film directed by George Marshall starring Lucille Ball and Bob Hope.
 Tomorrowland is an upcoming 2015 American science fiction mystery film directed co-written and produced by Brad Bird and produced and co-written by Damon Lindelof. It stars Britt Robertson and George Clooney with Hugh Laurie as the primary villain.Walt Disney Pictures originally announced the film under the working title 1952 until it was renamed sharing its name with the futuristic themed land found at various Disney theme parks. The film is scheduled to be released on May 22 2015.
 Fugitive Lovers is a MGM feature film starring Madge Evans and Robert Montgomery. Also starring:Nat Pendleton C. Henry Gordon Ruth Selwyn and Ted Healy and His Stoogeswho made appearance as stage performers travelling on the bus. Writers: Frances Goodrich Albert Hackett. Director: Richard Boleslawski.
 Don't Fence Me In is a 1945 American western film directed by John English and starring Roy Rogers George 'Gabby' Hayes and Dale Evans. The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by the Hollywood studio Republic Pictures.
 Every Which Way but Loose is a 1978 American adventure comedy film released by Warner Brothers produced by Robert Daley and directed by James Fargo. It stars Clint Eastwood in an uncharacteristic and offbeat comedy role as Philo Beddoe a trucker and brawler roaming the American West in search of a lost love while accompanied by his friend/manager Orville and his pet orangutan Clyde.
 L'uccello migratore (The migratory bird) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 How Baxter Butted In is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Pink Panther is a 2006 American detective comedy film and a reboot of The Pink Panther franchise marking the tenth installment in the series. In this film Inspector Jacques Clouseau is assigned to solve the murder of a famous soccer coach and the theft of the famous Pink Panther diamond. The film stars Steve Martin as Clouseau and also co-stars Kevin Kline Jean Reno Emily Mortimer and Beyoncé Knowles.
 The Beloved (Georgian: Rcheuli) is a 1991 Soviet-era Georgian drama film directed by Mikheil Kalatozishvili. It was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Love and Other Troubles (original Finnish title: Hulluna Saraan) is a 2012 Finnish romantic comedy film directed by Samuli Valkama. It stars Emilie de Ravin as Sara an American line dance teacher who meets Ville a 25-year-old former child star and his father an ex-rock star who both fall in love with her. The film premiered on January 27 2012 in Finland.
 Testament of Youth is an upcoming British drama film directed by James Kent and written by Juliette Towhidi based on the First World War memoir of the same name written by Vera Brittain. The film stars Alicia Vikander as Vera Brittain and Kit Harington as her fiancé Roland Leighton.
 The Broken Journey (Bengali: Uttoran) is a 1994 Bengali drama film directed by Sandip Ray. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 You Instead (alternate U.S. title Tonight You're Mine) is a 2011 British Rock 'n' roll romantic comedy written by Thomas Leveritt and directed by David Mackenzie. The film stars Luke Treadaway Natalia Tena Gavin Mitchell and Alastair MacKenzie. Set at T in the Park music festival and shot by Sigma Films two feuding rock stars are handcuffed together at a festival where they are due to perform.
 Venghai (Tamil: வேங்கை Vēṅkai ?; English: Cheetah) is a 2011 Tamil action-masala film directed by Hari starring Dhanush and Tamannaah. The story is based in Sivagangai district. The film started shooting in November 2010 at Trichy and was released on 8 July to mixed reviews and it was an average grosser at boxoffice. Later the movie was dubbed in Hindi as Meri Taqat Mera Faisla and in Telugu as  Simha Putrudu .
 Umrao Jaan (Urdu: امراؤ جان Hindi: उमराव जान) is a 1981 Bollywood film directed by Muzaffar Ali. It is based on the Urdu novel Umrao Jaan Ada (1905) written by Mirza Hadi Ruswa based on the famous Lucknow courtesan. The film starred Bollywood actress Rekha and Farooq Shaikh as leads.
 La vittima designata (internationally released as Slam Out and The Designated Victim) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.
 Doraemon The Future 2008 or fully known as Nobita and the Legend of the Green Giant (Eiga Doraemon Nobita to Midori no Kyojinden 映画 ドラえもん のび太と緑の巨人伝 Eiga Doraemon Nobita To Midori No Kyojinden) is an anime film that was released in Japan on 8 March 2008.The story is based on the story in volume 26 Forest is living and in volume 33 Goodbye Ki-bō. This movie is not a remake however Ki-bō has appeared already in the 1992 film Nobita and the Kingdom of Clouds.
 David Golder is a 1931 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Harry Baur Paule Andral and Jackie Monnier. It is an adaptation of Irène Némirovsky's 1929 novel David Golder about a self-made Jewish businessmen.
 This is Perth is a satirical Australian short film made by Vincenzo Perrella and Dan Osborn. The film became a viral internet hit and the most viewed Western Australian short film shortly after it was released online in August 2009. Profiled across all mainstream media outlets in WA it was cited as reigniting the so-called Perth ‘Dullsville’ debate and has been archived in the local studies section of the City of Perth library.
 Traveller is an American film released in 1997 starring Bill Paxton Mark Wahlberg and Julianna Margulies. The plot centers on a man joining a group of nomadic con artists in rural North Carolina.In 2012 it was announced that the film would be released as part of a Blu-ray Disc double feature with Telling Lies in America from Shout! Factory on May 25th.
 Stake Land is a 2010 American vampire film in the zombie apocalypse vein directed by Jim Mickle and starring Nick Damici who cowrote the script with Mickle. It also stars Connor Paolo Danielle Harris and Kelly McGillis. The plot revolves around an orphaned young man being taken under the wing of a vampire hunter known only as Mister and the battle for survival in their quest for a safe haven.
 Eles não Usam Black-tie (internationally released as They Don't Wear Black-tie) is a 1981 Brazilian drama film directed by Leon Hirszman based on Gianfrancesco Guarnieri's play of the same name.The film entered the competition at the 38th Venice International Film Festival in which won the Special Jury Prize. It also won the Prêmio Grand Coral at the 3rd Havana Film Festival.
 The Lady Killer is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood Victory Bateman Florence Crawford Howard Davies Lamar Johnstone and Anne Drew.
 Breathing Lessons: The Life and Work of Mark O'Brien is a 1996 American short documentary film directed by Jessica Yu. It won an Academy Award at the 69th Academy Awards in 1997 for Documentary Short Subject.Mark O'Brien was a journalist and poet who lived in Berkeley California. The documentary explored his spiritual struggle coping with his disability; he had to use an iron lung much of the time due to childhood polio.Mark died on July 4 1999 from post-polio syndrome.
 Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey (English: Entranced by dusk) is a 2012 Tamil romantic film written and directed by Narayan Nagendra Rao. The film features Aari and Shubha Phutela in the lead roles with Subbu Panchu Sivaji and Balaji in other pivotal roles. The soundtrack and background score for the film was composed by Achu while the film was produced by Mayuri Sekar. The film was released on 27 July with a clean U-certificate. The film received negative reviews and flopped at the box office.
 Return to Guam was a 1944 short propaganda film produced by the US Navy about the taking and recapture of the island of Guam.The film starts when a convoy of ships nearing the island sees strange lights flashing from the island in Morse code information. After cautiously investigating the signal they find that it was made by a white man George Tweed the last survivor of the original garrison at Guam.
 For the song see Take the Lead (Wanna Ride).Take the Lead is a 2006 musical drama film starring Antonio Banderas Rob Brown Alfre Woodard Dante Basco Elijah Kelley Marcus T. Paulk Jenna Dewan Lauren Collins and also features former America's Next Top Model contestant Yaya DaCosta. The film was released in mainstream cinema on April 7 2006. Although based in New York City the film was filmed in Toronto and used stock footage of various New York City locations.
 Blood Orange released in the United States as Three Stops to Murder is a 1953 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Tom Conway and Mila Parély.
 Vasanthamalika is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2002.
 The Siege at Ruby Ridge is a 1996 television film directed by Roger Young.The footage originally aired as a two-part CBS miniseries entitled Ruby Ridge: An American Tragedy on May 19 and May 21 1996. It was based on the book Every Knee Shall Bow by reporter Jess Walter.
 The Eleven Schill Officers (German: Die elf schillschen Offiziere) is a 1926 German silent historical film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Meinert Gustav Adolf Semler Grete Reinwald and Leopold von Ledebur. The film depicts the failed 1809 uprising of Prussian soldiers led by Ferdinand von Schill against the occupying French during the Napoleonic War.
 Kangaroo is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Samy and produced by V House Productions. The film features newcomers Arjuna Priyanka and Varsha Ashwathi in the lead roles with singer Srinivas composing the film's music. The film is expected to be released in mid 2014.
 The Amityville Haunting is a direct to video film released in December 2011. It is the tenth production to be inspired by the 1977 book The Amityville Horror. The film was produced by The Asylum and Taut Productions.The film was directed by Geoff Meed and stars Tyler Shamy Devin Clark and Jon Kondelik. The tagline is The family did not survive.
 Ahmed is a 2006 film.
 I'm Through with White Girls (The Inevitable Undoing of Jay Brooks) is a 2007 independent romantic comedy film starring Anthony Montgomery. Directed by Jennifer Sharp the film was shot in Los Angeles over the course of twenty-four days using hand held cameras.
 A Man Vanishes (人間蒸発 Ningen Jōhatsu) is a 1967 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura.
 Boo! is a 1932 comedy short film by Universal Pictures directed and written by Albert DeMond. Boo! contains clips of famous horror films such as The Cat Creeps (1930) Frankenstein (1931) and Nosferatu eine Symphonie des Grauens (1922) and mocks them thoroughly.
 Dirty Pair: Project Eden known in Japan as Dirty Pair: The Movie (ダーティペア Daati Pea Gekijou-ban) is a feature length anime film based on the Dirty Pair anime series originally released in Japan on November 28 1986. The movie was originally licensed in North America in 1994 by Streamline Pictures but was later redubbed and released on DVD on November 9 2003 by ADV Films. The Streamline version was directed by Carl Macek.
 Commitment (Hangul: 동창생; RR: Dong-chang-saeng; lit. Alumnus or The Graduate) is a 2013 South Korean spy thriller film starring Choi Seunghyun (also known as T.O.P from the K-pop boyband Big Bang).
 Piter FM is a 2006 Russian comedy romance film directed by Oksana Bychkova. It features Ekaterina Fedulova Evgeniy Tsyganov and Aleksey Barabash in the lead roles. It is the story of two young couples living in St. Petersberg.
 My Village is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Birth of the B-29 was a 1945 propaganda film commissioned by the US War Department. As the name implies it concerned the production of the B-29 Superfortress bomber and its use in the aerial bombing of Japan in World War II.Opening amid scenes of volcanic eruptions the narrator gives a brief description of the Japanese and their warlike nature mentioning such concepts as bushido Hakko ichiu and Shinto and states the belief that everything comes from the sky.
 Maravillas is a 1981 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival.
 We Were Once a Fairytale is a 2009 short film directed by Spike Jonze. It stars hip hop musician Kanye West. This is the second collaboration between Jonze and West since they co-directed the music video for West's single Flashing Lights in 2008.
 Chinese Midnight Express (Chinese : 黑獄斷腸歌之砌生豬肉; Simplified Chinese: 黑狱断肠歌之砌生猪肉) is a 1997 Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.
 Man Walking on Snow (歩く、人 Aruku Hito) is a 2001 Japanese drama film directed by Kobayashi Masahiro. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sons of Steel is a 1934 American film directed by Charles Lamont.
 Our Earthmen Friends (French: Nos amis les Terriens) is a French film released theatrically in April 2007 and produced by Claude Lelouch. It has been adapted from the play written by Bernard Werber Nos Amis Les Humains.
 Technotise: Edit & I is a Serbian animated feature film premiered on September 28 2009. Written and directed by comic artist Aleksa Gajić it is a sequel of his Technotise graphic novel. The soundtrack music was composed by Boris Furduj and Slobodan Štrumberger as well as the film trailer.
 Sheitan (devil in Arabic) is a 2006 French horror/erotic comedy film. It was directed by first time director Kim Chapiron and written by Kim and Christian Chapiron. It stars and was co-produced by Vincent Cassel. His wife Monica Bellucci also makes a cameo appearance in the film.
 Baby is a Brixton set drama short film written and directed by Daniel Mulloy. Baby premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and went on to win multiple awards including the coveted British Independent Film Award.
 Seven Seas to Calais (Italian: Il dominatore dei sette mari) is a 1962 Italian adventure film by Eastmancolor directed by Rudolph Maté Primo Zeglio and starring Rod Taylor Keith Michell and Edy Vessel. The film depicts the career of Sir Francis Drake.
 Custer's Last Fight (also known as Custer's Last Raid) is a 1912 American silent short Western film. It is the first film about George Armstrong Custer and his final stand at the Battle of the Little Bighorn. It was shot in Inceville Santa Ynez Canyon and Los Angeles California.The film was re-released in 1925 and 1933.
 Singapore Sling is a 1993 Australian TV movie about a private eye in Singapore. It lead to a series of TV movies.
 Komtessen is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Erik Overbye and starring Malene Schwartz.
 Someone Else is a 2006 British Comedy-drama independent film. The film was directed by Col Spector and written by Spector along with Radha Chakraborty. The film had its world premiere at the Edinburgh International Film Festival on 20 August 2006 and released on 7 September 2007 in UK.
 Assignment in Brittany is a 1943 war film directed by Jack Conway based on the novel Cross Channel by Helen MacInnes. It stars Jean-Pierre Aumont and Susan Peters.
 The King of the Street Cleaners (Turkish: Çöpçüler Kralı) is a 1977 comedy and drama film directed by Zeki Ökten and starring by famous Turkish comedy actor Kemal Sunal. The film was written for the screen by Umur Bugay.
 Ace of Spades is a 1925 American Western film serial directed by Henry MacRae. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Way of All Men (1930) is an all-talking pre-code drama film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Frank Lloyd. The movie stars Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Dorothy Revier Noah Beery and Dorothy Mathews. The film was based on the story entitled The Sin Flood by Henning Berger.
 Kaddu Beykat (also known as Letter from My Village and Lettre paysanne) is a 1975 Senegalese film directed by Safi Faye. It was the first feature film made by a Sub-Saharan African woman to be commercially distributed and brought international recognition for its director. Centred around a romance it chronicles the daily lives of people in a rural Senegalese village.
 A Bronx Morning is a 1931 avant-garde film by American filmmaker Jay Leyda (1910–1988).Described as city symphony the eleven-minute European style film recorded a Bronx street in New York City before it is crowded with traffic.
 Hellcats of the Navy (1957) is a World War II submarine movie starring Ronald Reagan and his wife billed as Nancy Davis her then professional name. This was the only film in which they appear together. The story of the film is based on the non fiction book Hellcats of the Sea by Vice Admiral Charles A. Lockwood and Hans Christian Adamson.
 Hold That Baby! is a 1949 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on June 26 1949 by Monogram Pictures and is the fourteenth film in the series.
 The Taming of the Shrew (Italian: La Bisbetica domata) is a 1967 film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare about a courtship between two strong-willed people. The film was directed by Franco Zeffirelli and stars Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton as Shakespeare's Kate and Petruchio.
 Louisiana Purchase is a 1941 film adaptation of the musical theater play Louisiana Purchase. A Paramount Pictures production the film was directed by Irving Cummings with Robert Emmett Dolan serving as musical director as he had done for the play. Starring comedian Bob Hope the film featured Vera Zorina Victor Moore and Irène Bordoni reprising their stage roles.
 Aavesha is a 1990 Indian Kannada-language action film written and directed by Perala. It was produced by Ravikrishna under Ravikrishna films banner. Shankar Nag Geetha Devaraj and Bhavya appeared in lead roles.
 Arohan (The Ascent) is 1982 Hindi film by Shyam Benegal starring Victor Banerjee and Om Puri in the lead roles.
 Family Album also known as Danielle Steel's Family Album is a 1994 television film directed by Jack Bender. The film which was released in two parts is based upon the 1985 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel. The drama centers on the life chronology of a Hollywood actress who becomes a successful film director in an era where directing was dominated by men.
 The Odds Against Her is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Milton Rosmer Edna Dormeuil and Lorna Della. It was made at Ealing Studios.
 Miguel/Michelle is a story about a transsexual who left the Philippines as a man and came home as a woman challenging her family to reexamine their feelings about homosexuality/transsexuality along with family values and religion.
 Adima Changala is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by A. B. Raj and starring Prem Nazir in the lead role. It is a remake of the 1969 Italian zapata spaghetti western film The Five Man Army. The train sequence in the movie is an excellently shot scene especially for the '80s.Adima Changala is one of the few westerns in Malayalam cinema. P. N. Menon's Mappusakshi (1971) and Bharathan's Thazhvaram (1990) are significant Malayalam films in this genre.
 The Nest (Spanish: El Nido) is a 1980 Spanish drama film written and directed by Jaime de Armiñán starring Héctor Alterio and Ana Torrent.The plot follows the emotionally intense relationship between an old widower and a precocious thirteen-year-old girl. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards.
 Inkheart is a 2008 adventure fantasy film directed by Iain Softley and starring Brendan Fraser Eliza Bennett Paul Bettany Helen Mirren Andy Serkis Jim Broadbent and Sienna Guillory. It is based on Cornelia Funke's novel with the same name. The film was released on 12 December 2008 in the UK and 23 January 2009 in the US.
 Zappatore is an Italian drama film directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Mario Merola. The film was released in Italy on December 5 1980.It is the cine-scripted which received the highest grossing theaters ranking the 60th place of the most successful films in Italy in the 1980/81 season.The film is loosely based on the eponymous song written by Libero Bovio and Albano.
 Love Sex and Eating the Bones is a 2003 Canadian romantic comedy film directed and written by Sudz Sutherland featuring a mostly African American leading cast. It premiered and played twice at the 2003 Toronto International Film Festival where it won Sutherland the Best Canadian First Feature Film Award.
 Barnet Horse Fair is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent documentary film produced by Robert W. Paul. Given the age of this film the copyright has now expired.The Barnet Horse Fair had begun in the 16th century and was originally held twice a year before becoming an annual event. Up until the 20th Century it mainly involved the sale of horses and other livestock.
 Monsieur Taxi English: Mister Taxi is a French comedy film from 1952 directed André Hunebelle written by Jean Halain starring by Michel Simon and Louis de Funès. It is about Pierre Verger who is nicknamed Monsieur Taxi and always in company of a smart young dog called Gangster.
 Habla mudita is a 1973 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival. It was also selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Across the Plains is a 1928 western film directed by Robert J. Horner and starring Ted Wells. It is a silent Western.
 Glass Houses (1972) is an American independent film released by Columbia Pictures in 1972 although it was actually filmed in 1970. It is of interest in film history because of the credentials of its key personnel.Glass Houses was directed by Alexander Singer notable for his work on the Star Trek series Star Trek: The Next Generation.
 Paraye Bas Mein is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Fran is a 1985 Australian film directed by Glenda Hambly with Noni Hazlehurst in the title role. Fran is a mother who abandons her children in favour of a romantic life after her husband leaves her. It was filmed in Perth Western Australia Australia.
 The Bullet Train (新幹線大爆破 Shinkansen Daibakuha lit. Shinkansen Bomb) is a 1975 Japanese disaster film directed by Junya Satō and starring Sonny Chiba and Ken Takakura. A Shinkansen bullet train is threatened with a bomb that will explode automatically if the train slows below 80 km/h unless a ransom is paid. Police race to find the bombers and to learn how to defuse the bomb.
 Snitch is an American crime drama film directed by Ric Roman Waugh and starring Dwayne Johnson. The film was released in the United States on February 22 2013. The film also stars Barry Pepper Susan Sarandon Jon Bernthal Benjamin Bratt and Michael Kenneth Williams.
 Aanmai Thavarael is a 2011 Tamil crime thriller film written and directed by Kuzhanthai Velappan. The film featuring newcomers Dhruva and Shruti alongside Sampath Raj and Panchu Subbu in primary roles deals with human trafficking. It was released on 3 June 2011.
 Raze is a 2013 exploitation film that was directed by Josh C. Waller. The film premiered on April 21 2013 at the Tribeca Film Festival and stars Zoë Bell as a woman forced to fight against various other women for the twisted entertainment of the wealthy elite.
 Tiger Island is a 1930 silent Australian film about a father and daughter living on an island off the Victorian coast who become involved in drug running. It is considered a lost film
 Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (commonly abbreviated as T3) is a 2003 science fiction action film directed by Jonathan Mostow and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Nick Stahl Claire Danes and Kristanna Loken.
 America: Freedom to Fascism is a 2006 film by Aaron Russo covering a variety of subjects including: the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the income tax Federal Reserve System national ID cards (REAL ID Act) human-implanted RFID tags Diebold electronic voting machines globalization Big Brother taser weapons abuse and the use of terrorism by the government as a means to diminish the citizens' rights.
 Ma and Pa Kettle at Home is a 1954 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont. It is the sixth installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride.
 Baciami ancora (Kiss Me Again) is a 2010 film written and directed by Gabriele Muccino.The film a sequel to The Last Kiss was released in theaters on January 29 2010. In its opening weekend the film grossed €3119351. In total it grossed over €9 million.
 Tarzan the Fearless (1933) is a 12 chapter film serial starring Buster Crabbe in his only appearance as Tarzan. It was also released as a 71-minute feature film which consisted of the first four chapters of the serial version. Co-starring was actress Jacqueline Wells who later changed her name to Julie Bishop. The serial was produced by Sol Lesser written by Basil Dickey George Plympton and Walter Anthony (based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by Robert F.
 Aathmakatha is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Premlal starring Sreenivasan Shafna Sharbani Mukherjee and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles. Sreenivasan is playing a blind man named Kochubaby in this film while Sharbani Mukherjee plays Mary his wife. The film talks about the positivism in the life of visually impaired Kochubaby. The soundtrack for the film was composed by Aaromale fame Alphons Joseph with lyrics penned by Kaithapram and Engandiyoor Chandrasekharan.
 Tower of Evil also known by the title Beyond the Fog in the United States and Horror of Snape Island and Horror on Snape Island in Canada is a 1972 British horror film. The film is regarded by horror fans as being ahead of its time as it crosses old world Gothic themes (dark setting mythical superstitions gloomy atmosphere) with many elements of the modern slasher film (elusive killer bloody murders sexually active characters as victims).
 Golmaal Returns is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty. The film is a sequel to the 2006 film Golmaal: Fun Unlimited with Ajay Devgn Tusshar Kapoor and Arshad Warsi reprising their roles whilst Shreyas Talpade replaced the role originally played by Sharman Joshi. The film also features Kareena Kapoor Anjana Sukhani Siddarth Jadhav Amrita Arora and Celina Jaitley in supporting roles.
 Sasthram Jayichu Manushyan Thottu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Saino (Nepali: साईनो) is a hit Nepali film directed by Ugyen Chopel produced in 1987. It starred Danny Denzongpa Bhuwan K.C. Tripti Nadakar and child actor Raksha. The music of the film was composed by Ranjit Gazmer.Danny Denzongpa wrote the story of the film and Tulsi Ghimire scripted the dialogues.
 Hum Hai Raahi Car Ke is a comic misadventure love story that was released in India on 24 May 2013.
 Intern Academy is a 2004 Canadian comedy film written and directed by Dave Thomas. It has several alternative titles including working titles An Intern's Diary Whitecoats and Interns. In Canada its English title is Intern Academy while its French title is Médecin en herbe. The US DVD title is White Coats. Its Italian title is L'ospedale piu' sexy del mondo literally The Sexiest Hospital in the World.
 Politics of Love (also known as Love Barack) is a 2011 film directed by William Dear. Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat and American actor Brian J. White play leading roles.
 Sapno Ka Saudagar is a 1968 film. The film is produced by B. Ananthaswami and directed by Mahesh Kaul. Originally Vyjayanthimala was offered the lead but she refused and thus Hema Malini made her debut. The film stars Raj Kapoor Hema Malini Tanuja David and Nadira. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Carolina is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Marleen Gorris starring Julia Stiles Shirley MacLaine Alessandro Nivola Mika Boorem Randy Quaid and Jennifer Coolidge. Lisa Sheridan has a cameo role in the film and Barbara Eden has the uncredited part of Daphne. It is set in Los Angeles California. Shot in 2003 the film failed to find a distributor and was released direct-to-video in 2005.Miramax Films was the domestic distributor but failed to release it in theaters.
 Finders Keepers Lovers Weepers! is a 1968 film by Russ Meyer. The story involves the goings-on at a topless go-go bar on the Sunset Strip. Meyer himself makes an appearance in this film. The composition Finlandia by Jean Sibelius is used in one of the film's love scenes.
 Os Trapalhões na Guerra dos Planetas (Lit: The Bunglers in the War of the Planets) is a 1978 Brazilian comedy film directed by Adriano Stuart. It is the thirteenth film of the Brazilian comedy group Os Trapalhões starring Renato Aragão Manfried Sant'Anna Antonio Carlos and Mauro Faccio. The film is a parody of the George Lucas's Star Wars franchise. Outside of Brazil mainly in English-speaking countries this film is known by the suggestive title of Brazilian Star Wars.
 The Competition is a 1980 American drama film starring Richard Dreyfuss and Amy Irving directed by Joel Oliansky.
 L'Agnese va a morire (internationally released as And Agnes Chose to Die) is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It is based on a novel of the same name by Renata Viganò which won the Viareggio Prize in 1949.
 Castles in the Air is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Fred Paul and starring Nelson Keys Lillian Hall-Davis and Campbell Gullan. It was originally made as Let's Pretend.
 Steel Magnolias is an American comedy-drama television film directed by Kenny Leon that premiered at Lifetime Network on October 7 2012. It is an adaptation of Steel Magnolias (1989 film). The new film stars an all-African American cast including Queen Latifah as M'Lynn Jill Scott as Truvy Condola Rashād as Shelby Adepero Oduye as Annelle with Phylicia Rashād as Clairee and Alfre Woodard as Ouiser.
 The Fat Spy is a 1966 Z movie that attempts to parody teenage beach party films. It was filmed at Cape Coral Florida. It is featured in the 2004 documentary The 50 Worst Movies Ever Made. Briefly released to theaters in 1966 it was rarely seen until the 1990s when it was released to the public domain. Since then it has been widely released on DVD and VHS in various editions sold mainly at dollar stores.
 The Shock Punch is a 1925 silent film boxing drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It starred Richard Dix and Frances Howard. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Darkest Night is a 2012 independent film in the horror film genre directed by Filipino Noel Tan and written and produced by American Russ Williams. It stars DJ Perry Anne Gauthier Issa Litton and Nic Campos. Its story is set in the Philippines the mountains of Luzon.
 L'affaire Maurizius is a 1954 French-Italian drama film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Daniel Gélin Madeleine Robinson and Anton Walbrook. It was based on a 1928 novel by Jakob Wassermann. Its Italian title is Il caso Mauritius.
 Miracle Beach is a 1992 fantasy/comedy film starring Dean Cameron Ami Dolenz and Pat Morita.
 Backyard Wedding is a 2010 television drama film directed by Bradford May starring Alicia Witt and Teddy Sears.
 Line Bus is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Haunted Island is a 1928 American silent action film serial directed by Robert F. Hill. The serial was released in 10 chapters of two reels each with the first episode (A Night of Fear) released on March 26 1928.
 Raggedy Ann and Andy in The Great Santa Claus Caper a.k.a. simply The Great Santa Claus Caper is a 1978 animated American television special featuring Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy.
 Izzat is a 2005 Norwegian film which tells the story of Pakistani gangsters in Oslo directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen. Izzat is a word used by South Asian individuals to denote their social standing in a community; it is translated to mean respect or honor.
 Female Jungle is a 1955 black-and-white film noir directed by Bruno VeSota featuring Lawrence Tierney Kathleen Crowley John Carradine Jayne Mansfield and Burt Kaiser. The production is notable for being Jayne Mansfield's first film; one of Lawrence Tierney's last before his comeback and the only American International Pictures entry into film noir.
 From the Edge of the City (Greek: Από την άκρη της πόλης / Apo tin akri tis polis) is a 1998 Greek film directed by Constantinos Giannaris. It was Greece's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Singing in the Dark is a 1956 black-and-white motion picture about a Holocaust survivor suffering from total amnesia who comes to the United States. It stars Yiddish language film actor Moishe Oysher in his only English-language film performance and comedian Joey Adams (born Joseph Abramowitz) and was directed by the silent film director Max Nosseck.
 Hotel Berlin is a drama film set in Berlin near the close of World War II made by Warner Bros. in late 1944 to early 1945. Directed by Peter Godfrey it stars Faye Emerson Helmut Dantine Raymond Massey and Andrea King.It has aspects of propaganda in that Allied leaders are praised. At the conclusion of the film several Nazis are planning to escape to South America.
 Nightmare Alley is a 1947 film noir starring Tyrone Power and Joan Blondell and directed by Edmund Goulding. The film was based on the 1946 novel of the same name written by William Lindsay Gresham.Power wishing to expand beyond the romantic and swashbuckler roles that brought him to fame bought the rights to the novel so he could star as the unsavory lead The Great Stanton a scheming carnival barker.
 Mickey is a 2004 American baseball drama film that stars Harry Connick Jr. directed by Hugh Wilson and written by best-selling novelist John Grisham.Mickey was filmed in 2004 at baseball fields in Colonial Heights Richmond and Petersburg Virginia and also South Williamsport Pennsylvania home of baseball's Little League World Series (LLWS).Grisham played Little League in his home state of Mississippi.
 The Minder (Spanish: El Custodio) is a 2006 Argentine drama film directed by Rodrigo Moreno. It was co-produced by Argentina Uruguay France and Germany. (In English the title literally means: The Bodyguard.)The motion picture features Julio Chávez as the bodyguard and Osmar Núñez as the man he protects for a living. The film tells of bodyguard Rubén who is in charge of protecting Artemio the Argentine's Minister of Planification.
 Son of the Navy is a 1940 American comedy-drama film directed by William Nigh.The film is also known as The Young Recruit in the USA.
 Miracle Run is a 2004 Lifetime Television film starring Mary-Louise Parker Zac Efron Bubba Lewis Aidan Quinn and Alicia Morton
 Bendu Apparao RMP is a 2009 Telugu comedy film starring Allari Naresh and Kamna Jethmalani in the lead roles. The film was directed by E V V Satyanarayana and produced by D. Ramanaidu.The film was made on a reasonable budget of 3 crores and was released with 35 prints on 16 October all over AP and it generated instant hit talk. The film continued to dominate the box office and completed a successful 50 day run.
 Kadal Pookkal (English:Sea Flowers) is a 2001 Tamil drama film directed by Bharathiraja which stars Murali and Manoj in the leading roles with Sindhu Menon Pratyusha and Uma in supporting roles. The film was delayed several times before release but opened to critical acclaim with Bharatiraja winning the National Film Award for Best Screenplay and Murali winning the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actor.
 Eye of the Beholder is a 1999 thriller film starring Ewan McGregor and Ashley Judd based on the novel of the same name by Marc Behm. It was written and directed by Stephan Elliott. The film is an international co-production of Canada the United Kingdom and Australia.The film is a remake of Claude Miller's 1983 French thriller Deadly Circuit (Mortelle randonnée) with Isabelle Adjani.
 Shirley Adams is a 2009 film.
 Ghar Ka Chiraag is a 1967 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 St. Louis Blues is a 1958 American film broadly based on the life of W. C. Handy. It starred jazz and blues greats Nat King Cole Pearl Bailey Cab Calloway Ella Fitzgerald Eartha Kitt and Barney Bigard as well as gospel singer Mahalia Jackson and actress Ruby Dee. The film's soundtrack used over ten of Handy's songs including the title song.In conjunction with the film Cole recorded an album of W. C. Handy compositions arranged by Nelson Riddle and Fitzgerald incorporated St.
 Rajmohol is a 2005 Bengali film starring Prosenjit Chatterjee Abhishek Chatterjee Anu Choudhury Rachana Banerjee Biplab Chatterjee Subhasish Mukherjee and Bharat Kaul. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Manichitrathazhu (1993).
 Buck Rogers in the 25th Century is an American science fiction film released in March 1979. Starring Gil Gerard in the title role it was produced by Glen A. Larson who co-wrote the screenplay with Leslie Stevens based on the character Buck Rogers which was created by Philip Francis Nowlan in 1928.Originally made as a television movie pilot Universal Studios opted to release the film to theaters several months before the subsequent television series aired.
 Il Contratto (also known as 'The Contract') is a 1953 Australian film from Giorgio Mangiamele and Italian migrants in Australia.
 Raid on Rommel is an American B movie from 1971 directed by Henry Hathaway and set in North Africa during the Second World War. It stars Richard Burton as a British commando attempting to destroy German gun emplacements in Tobruk. Much of the action footage was re-used from the 1967 film Tobruk and the storyline is also largely the same.
 Justice My Foot! (Chinese: 審死官) is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnnie To starring Stephen Chow Anita Mui and Ng Man Tat.
 Hannah's Law is a 2012 Hallmark Movie Channel TV movie. The movie stars Cameron Bancroft Sara Canning and Julian Black Antelope.
 Aditya 369 (Telugu: ఆదిత్య 369) is a 1991 historical science fiction Telugu film directed by Veteran Singeetam Srinivasa Rao and produced by Anita Krishna. Nandamuri Balakrishna plays the lead role in the movie. The film's soundtrack was composed by Illayaraja. This movie was later dubbed in Tamil as Aboorva Sakthi 369. Aditya 369 collected 90 million rupees at the time a new record for the Telugu film industry.
 Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Arceus: To Conquering Space-Time (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール アルセウス 超克の時空へ Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo ando Pāru: Aruseusu Chōkoku no Jikū e) is a 2009 Japanese animated film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama. It is the twelfth Pokémon film and the third in the Diamond & Pearl trilogy.
 Neethaane En Ponvasantham (English: You Are My Golden Springtime) is a 2012 Indian Tamil musical romance film written and directed by Gautham Menon featuring Jiiva and Samantha in the lead roles. The film produced by RS Infotainment. cinematography by M. S. Prabhu and Om Prakash. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was simultaneously shot in Telugu as Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu which features Nani playing Jiiva's role.
 A Certain Smile is a 1958 American drama film directed by Jean Negulesco based on the book of the same name by Francoise Sagan.
 The Music Lovers is a 1970 British drama film directed by Ken Russell. The screenplay by Melvyn Bragg based on Beloved Friend a collection of personal correspondence edited by Catherine Drinker Bowen and Barbara von Meck focuses on the life and career of 19th century Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
 American Venus is a 2007 Canadian drama film directed by Bruce Sweeney and starring Rebecca De Mornay Jane McGregor and Matt Craven.
 Eros is a 2004 Italian drama film consisting of three short segments directed by Wong Kar-wai (The Hand) Steven Soderbergh (Equilibrium) and Michelangelo Antonioni (The Dangerous Thread of Things). Each of the three segments addresses the themes of love and sex.
 Yaadon Ki Kasam is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian action film directed by Vinod Dewan starring Mithun Chakraborty Zeenat Aman Shakti Kapoor Asrani Madan Puri and Viju Khote
 Schulmädchen-Report: Was Eltern nicht für möglich halten (Schoolgirl Report Part 1: What Parents Don't Think Is Possible) (UK release title: Confessions of a Sixth Form Girl) is a 1970 West German sex report film directed by Ernst Hofbauer and produced by Wolfgang C. Hartwig.
 Disraeli (1921) is an American silent historical drama film directed by Henry Kolker and starring George Arliss. This film feature Arliss's portrayal of Benjamin Disraeli. He had played the same role in the play Disraeli in 1911. Arliss also reprised this role in the 1929 sound film Disraeli.A British film of the play Disraeli had been made in 1916 with the permission of the author Louis Napoleon Parker.
 Apollo 11 is a television film which aired on November 17 1996 on The Family Channel. It was nominated for a Primetime Emmy.
 O Homem que Virou Suco is a 1981 Brazilian drama film written and directed by João Batista de Andrade. It won the Golden Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The End is a 1978 black comedy-buddy film directed by Burt Reynolds and starring Reynolds Dom DeLuise Sally Field Strother Martin David Steinberg Joanne Woodward Norman Fell Myrna Loy Kristy McNichol Pat O'Brien Robby Benson and Carl Reiner.
 All About Love is a film released under Star Cinema and directed by 3 of the most popular directors in the Philippines. John Lloyd Cruz won the 2007 Luna Award for Best Actor handed out by the Film Academy of the Philippines for his performance in this movie.Three stories of love courage trust and taking a risk come in one film to tell us how love touches us in countless ways. Everything is really All About LoveThe nature of love is explored in this trio of short films from the Philippines.
 Ascenseur pour l'échafaud is a 1958 French film directed by Louis Malle. It was released as Elevator to the Gallows in the USA (aka Frantic) and as Lift to the Scaffold in the UK. It stars Jeanne Moreau and Maurice Ronet as criminal lovers whose perfect crime begins to unravel when Ronet is trapped in an elevator. The film is often associated by critics with the film noir style.
 When Zachary Beaver Came to Town is a 2003 comedy-drama film starring Jonathan Lipnicki and Cody Linley. It was adapted from a National Book Award-winning children's novel of the same name by Kimberly Willis Holt.
 Batman Returns is a 1992 American superhero fantasy film produced and directed by Tim Burton based upon the Batman character appearing in magazines published by DC Comics. It is the second installment of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series with Michael Keaton reprising the title role of Bruce Wayne/Batman.
 Madigan is a 1968 American dramatic thriller film directed by Don Siegel and starring Richard Widmark and Henry Fonda.The screenplay—originally titled Friday Saturday Sunday—was adapted by two writers who had been blacklisted in the 1950s Howard Rodman (credited here under the pseudonym Henri Simoun) and Abraham Polonsky.
 Sous l'Emprise des esprits is a 1947 film.
 Small Town Gay Bar is a 2006 documentary directed by Malcolm Ingram that focuses on two gay bars in the rural deep Southeast United States one in Shannon Mississippi and one in Meridian Mississippi. The documentary was produced by View Askew Productions with Kevin Smith serving as executive producer.
 Left Behind is a Christian based film released in 2000 and starring Kirk Cameron Brad Johnson Gordon Currie and Clarence Gilyard. It was directed by Vic Sarin. Left Behind was proclaimed by its creators as the biggest and most ambitious Christian film ever made. It is based on the Left Behind book series and also the first in a trilogy followed by Left Behind II: Tribulation Force and Left Behind: World at War. The MPAA rated the film PG-13 for violence.
 Legend of Earthsea (later shortened to Earthsea) is a two-night television miniseries adaptation of the Earthsea novels by Ursula K. Le Guin. It premiered on the Sci-Fi Channel in December 2004.
 Manaivikku Mariyadhai is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by Guhunathan and produced by Ramasamy. The film featured Pandiarajan alongside Kushboo while Manivannan plays a supporting role. The film which had music composed by Sirpi opened in October 1999.
 The Forest Rangers ia a 1942 adventure film made by Paramount Pictures directed by George Marshall written by Harold Shumate based on story by Thelma Strabel and starring Fred MacMurray Paulette Goddard and Susan Hayward.
 Prince of Bel Air is a 1986 romantic comedy television movie which starred Mark Harmon Kirstie Alley and Robert Vaughn. It first aired on the ABC network on January 20 1986.
 Medium Raw: Night of the Wolf is a 2010 horror thriller television film directed by Andrew Cymek. The run time is 111 minutes.
 An Inn in Tokyo (東京の宿 Tōkyō no yado) is a 1935 silent film directed by Yasujirō Ozu. The film is Ozu's last extant silent film.The screenplay is credited to Uinzato Mone or Winthat Monnet (Without Money). In fact the screenplay was written by Ozu Masao Arata and Tadao Ikeda during a period when Ozu was short on cash.
 AfricanAnger of the Gods is a 2003 Burkinabé film.
 Comfort and Joy is a 1984 Scottish comedy film written and directed by Bill Forsyth and starring Bill Paterson as a radio disc jockey whose life undergoes a bizarre upheaval after his girlfriend leaves him. After he witnesses the attack on an icecream van by angry competitors he is led into the struggle between two Italian families over the ice cream market of Glasgow. The film received a BAFTA Award Nomination for Best Original Screenplay in 1985.
 Crimen y castigo (Crime and Punishment) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Spin the Bottle is a 2004 Irish film by director Ian Fitzgibbon.
 Touch-Me-Not (봉선화 - Bongseonhwa) is a 1956 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Mountain Strawberries (산딸기 - Sanddalgi) also known as Wild Strawberry is a 1982 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong. It was the first entry in the Mountain Strawberries series inspiring five sequels the last appearing in 1994.
 Lake Mungo is a 2008 Australian psychological horror mockumentary film directed by filmmaker Joel Anderson and stars Talia Zucker.
 Le Mans is a 1971 action film directed by Lee H. Katzin starring Steve McQueen. It features footage from the actual 24 Hours of Le Mans auto race in June 1970.Released in June 1971 and given a G rating the film is still popular today among race fans as it is a relatively accurate depiction of the era.
 I Love You Baby is a gay-themed romantic comedy from Spain released in 2001.
 Deep End is a 1970 British-West German drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski and starring Jane Asher John Moulder Brown and Diana Dors. Set in London the film focuses on the relationship between two young co-workers at a suburban bath house and swimming pool.
 Punished is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Law Wing-cheong. The film stars Anthony Wong Richie Ren and Janice Man.
 The Little Bather (French: Le Petit Baigneur) is a French comedy film from 1968 directed and written by Robert Dhéry starring Louis de Funès and Andréa Parisy. The film is known under the titles: The Little Bather (International English title) The Mad Adventures of the Bouncing Beauty (alternative English title) Sálvese quien pueda (Spain) Der kleine Sausewind or Balduin der Trockenschwimmer (West Germany) Si salvi chi può (Italy) and Mały Pływak (Poland).
 Plot (French: L'Attentat released in the US as The French Conspiracy) is a 1972 French-Italian thriller film directed by Yves Boisset. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Ghost Train (オトシモノ otoshimono) is a Japanese horror film released in 2006. It was the first Japanese film that was released in Korea before Japan.[citation needed]
 Cradle Song is a 1981 dramatic short film written produced and directed by Sharron Miller. Its cast includes Richard Gates and Cheryl Waters. It tells the story of a young farm couple who are struggling with the wife's pregnancy as they relive their grief over the death of their first child.
 Nanjupuram is a Tamil fantasy thriller film directed by Charles starring Raaghav Monica and Thambi Ramiah in the lead roles. The film which features music scored by Raaghav himself is produced by his wife Preetha. The film has been in production for over three years and was finally released on 1 April 2011.
 The Sword with No Name (Hangul: 불꽃처럼 나비처럼; RR: Bulkkotcheoreom Nabicheoreom; MR: Pulkkotch‘ŏrŏm Nabich‘ŏrŏm; literally Like Fireworks Like Butterflies) is a 2009 South Korean film based on a fictionalized account of Empress Myeongseong. The film sold 1681640 tickets nationwide.
 Kora Kagaz (Hindi: कोरा कागज़; translation: Blank Paper) is a 1974 Hindi drama film produced by Sanath Kothari and directed by Anil Ganguly. The film stars Vijay Anand Jaya Bhaduri A.K. Hangal Achala Sachdev and Deven Verma. The films music is by Kalyanji Anandji.
 The Last Hour is a 1930 British comedy crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Richard Cooper and Stewart Rome and Kathleen Vaughan and Alexander Field.
 Uche (The Ear) is a Czech language film by Karel Kachyňa completed in 1970. It is often compared to the play and movie Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. This film was withheld from circulation by the nation's ruling Communist party (who were supported by the occupying Soviet forces). It wasn't released until late 1989 around the time of Czechoslovakia's first democratic elections in over 40 years.
 Traps is a 1994 Australian film directed by Pauline Chan.
 Folks! is a 1992 dark comedy film directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Tom Selleck. The movie's tagline is: Jon Aldrich is about to come face to face with the most terrifying force known to man... his parents. The film earned a Razzie Award nomination for Selleck as Worst Actor.
 Seoul Train is a 2004 documentary film that deals with the dangerous journeys of North Korean defectors fleeing through or to China. These journeys are both dangerous and daring since if caught they face forced repatriation torture and possible execution.Seoul Train has been broadcast on television around the world including on the PBS series Independent Lens. In January 2007 Seoul Train was awarded the Alfred I.
 Heaven's Lost Property the Movie: The Angeloid of Clockwork (劇場版 そらのおとしもの 時計じかけの哀女神（エンジェロイド） Gekijōban Sora no Otoshimono: Tokei-jikake no Enjeroido lit. Sora no Otoshimono the Movie: The Angeloid of Clockwork) is a 2011 Japanese anime fantasy film based on the manga and anime series Heaven's Lost Property by Suu Minazuki. It was released on June 25 2011 in Japan under the directorship of Hisashi Saitō. The film covers events involving Hiyori Kazane.
 Inspector Hornleigh on Holiday is a 1939 British detective film directed by Walter Forde and starring Gordon Harker Alastair Sim and Linden Travers. It is the sequel to the 1938 film Inspector Hornleigh and both films are based on the novels by Leo Grex.During a holiday by the British seaside Inspector Hornleigh (Harker) and Sergeant Bingham (Sim) grow bored and turn their hand to investigating a local crime.
 Resan (The Journey) is a 14 ½ hour film by Peter Watkins made between the years 1983 and 1985 on several continents and structured around the theme of nuclear weapons military spending and poverty. Ordinary people are asked about their awareness of these issues.
 Anna the Adventuress is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor Jean Cadell and James Carew. It is based on a novel by Phillips Oppenheim. Two identical sisters are able to switch places leading to a series of unfortunate incidents.It is considered a lost film.
 Lumpaci the Vagabond (German: Lumpacivagabundus) is a 1936 German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Bolváry.
 Under the Rainbow (French: Au bout du conte) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Agnès Jaoui. It was co-written by Jaoui and Jean-Pierre Bacri (both of whom act in the film).
 Brief Moment is a 1933 American drama film. It stars Carole Lombard and Gene Raymond and is based on the play by S. N. Behrman.
 Nurse Betty is a 2000 American black comedy film directed by Neil LaBute starring Renée Zellweger as a Kansas waitress who suffers a nervous breakdown after witnessing her husband's murder and starts obsessively pursuing her favorite soap actor (played by Greg Kinnear). Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock play the hitmen who killed her husband and subsequently pursue her to Los Angeles.For her performance Zellweger won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
 Guerrilla (Bengali: গেরিলা) is a 2011 Bangladeshi film based on the events of the Bangladesh Liberation War. An adaptation of the novel Nishiddho Loban by Syed Shamsul Huq it was released on April 14 2011. Nishiddho Loban the novel is written by the prolific Bengali writer Syed Shamsul Huq. It has been envisioned by the director of the film Nasiruddin Yousuf Bachchu. He has crafted the film GUERRILLA with his own experience as a freedom fighter of 1971.
 Wordplay is a 2006 documentary film directed by Patrick Creadon. It features Will Shortz the editor of the New York Times crossword puzzle crossword constructor Merl Reagle and many other noted crossword solvers and constructors.
 Brown Eye Evil Eye (also known as Smedje Oko Zlo Oko) is a 1967 film starring Hugh Griffith Rosemary Nicols Ron Thompson and directed by Robert Angus.
 Shadows of Memories (Serbian: Senke uspomena) is a 2000 Yugoslav drama film directed by Predrag Velinovic. It was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Yemaindi Ee Vela is a 2010 Tollywood romantic drama film starring Varun Sandesh Nisha Aggarwal Nisha Shah and Shashank. The film was directed and written by Sampath Nandi. The Movie was a commercial success and it gave a much needed break to Varun Sandesh whose career was in slump completing a 50 Day Run in 32 Centers. It was later remade in Tamil as Ishtam with Nisha Aggarwal reprising her role from the original and Vimal playing the role portrayed by Varun Sandesh.
 The Young Nun or La suora giovane is a 1965 Italian romantic drama film directed by Bruno Paolinelli.
 Something Beneath is a 2007 Canadian suspense film directed by David Winning and stars Kevin Sorbo Natalie Brown and Brendan Beiser. It is the 4th film in the Maneater Series.
 Jackie is a 1921 American drama film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 50 ans is a 1989 Canadian short film directed by Gilles Carle. It won the Short Film Palme d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival. The film consists of brief clips celebrating the 50th anniversary of the National Film Board of Canada.
 Fiorina la vacca (Fiorina the Cow) is a 1972 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Vittorio De Sisti. It is loosely based on several works by Ruzante.
 In Her Line of Fire is a 2006 film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Mariel Hemingway David Keith David Millbern and Jill Bennett. It is also known as Air Force Two in several countries.Much of the filming was done in New Zealand.
 La Secta del trébol (English: The clover Sect) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario Soffici and written by Tulio Demicheli and José Ramón Luna. It was premiered on July 21 1948.The film is about a writer who gets involved in a police case related to some jewelry belonging to a Chinese sect.
 Quicker'n a Wink is a 1940 American short documentary film about stroboscopic photography directed by George Sidney. It won an Academy Award in 1941 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 One Lucky Elephant is an American documentary film directed by Lisa Leeman that premiered December 1 2011 on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network as part of the OWN Documentary Club. The film focuses on the extraordinary human-animal bond between Circus Flora founder Ivor David Balding and Flora an endangered African elephant and their journey to find her a permanent home that leads them to The Elephant Sanctuary (Hohenwald).
 Ash Wednesday (Spanish: Miércoles de ceniza) is a 1958 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Hatchet Man (1932) is a Pre-Code film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Edward G. Robinson. Warner Bros. had purchased the David Belasco/Achmed Abdullah play The Honorable Mr. Wong about the Tong gang wars. Made during the few years before strict enforcement of the Production Code The Hatchet Man has elements that would not be allowed later such as adultery narcotics and a somewhat graphic use of a flying hatchet.
 Soldiers in Hiding is a 1985 documentary film directed by Malcolm Clarke. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Goodnight Cleveland is a documentary film directed by Jim Heneghan for 8th Grade Films chronicling The Hellacopters North American tour in 2002 in support of their album High Visibility.The film was shot with one camera and a sound person using the techniques of Direct Cinema and Cinéma vérité.
 Brazilian Western (Portuguese: Faroeste Caboclo) is a 2013 Brazilian film directed and produced by René Sampaio starring Fabrício Boliveira Isis Valverde and César Trancoso. It is based on the song of same name released by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana in their 1987 Que País É Este album.Originally set for a 2011 release the film's production suffered many delays.
 Grand Masti also referred to as Masti 2 is a Bollywood adult comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria. The film is a sequel to the 2004 film Masti and features Riteish Deshmukh Vivek Oberoi and Aftab Shivdasani reprising their roles from the original along with Bruna Abdullah Karishma Tanna Sonalee Kulkarni Kainaat Arora Maryam Zakaria and Manjari Fadnis. Grand Masti released on 13 September 2013.
 Golden Gate Girl also known as Tears in San Francisco or Jinmen Nü is a 1941 Hong Kong film Directed by Kwan Man Ching the film was shot in San Francisco but wasn't released in America until 1946. The film is notable as it marked the film debut of Bruce Lee just a young infant at the time.
 The Legend of the Evil Lake (Hangul: 천년호; RR: Cheonnyeonho) is a 2003 South Korean fantasy/horror film directed by Lee Kwang-hoon. It is a remake of Shin Sang-ok's 1969 film A Thousand Year-Old Fox. The film was not particularly well received and was seen by 101478 people at Seoul theaters.
 Boudu Saved from Drowning (French: Boudu sauvé des eaux Boudu saved from the waters) is a 1932 French film directed by Jean Renoir. Renoir wrote the film's screenplay from the play by René Fauchois. The film stars Michel Simon as Boudu.Pauline Kael called it 'not only a lovely fable about a bourgeois attempt to reform an early hippy...but a photographic record of an earlier France.'
 A Moment of Love (Chinese: 回到爱开始的地方) is a 2013 Chinese-Taiwanese drama-romance film directed by Gavin Lin and starring Vic Chou and Liu Shishi.
 The War Zone is a 1999 drama film written by Alexander Stuart based on his novel and directed by Tim Roth. The film takes a blunt look at incest and sexual violence in an English family.Upon its release the movie won nine awards and 10 nominations.
 The Affairs of Martha is a 1942 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and written by Isobel Lennart based on her story. It stars Marsha Hunt and Richard Carlson. It is also known as Once Upon a Thursday.
 Ganes is a 2007 Finnish biographical film directed by Jukka-Pekka Siili. The film is about Finnish rock band Hurriganes told from the point of view of drummer/vocalist Remu Aaltonen.The Blu-ray Disc version of Ganes was released on July 11 2008 making it the first Finnish film released on Blu-ray.
 Rani Kasula Rangamma is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Dheiva Thaai (English: Divine Mother) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1964.
 Dead of Winter is a thriller film made in 1987. It was directed by Arthur Penn and is a loose remake of the 1945 film My Name Is Julia Ross. It stars Mary Steenburgen who plays three roles.
 Tin Gods is a lost 1926 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play Tin Gods by William Anthony McGuire. Allan Dwan directed and Thomas Meighan starred.
 Thampu (English: The Circus Tent 1978) is a highly acclaimed Malayalam film written and directed by G. Aravindan. Bharath Gopi Nedumudi Venu V. K. Sriraman Jalaja the artistes of the Great Chitra Circus form the cast. The film deals with the roving street circus of Kerala. It is shot in black and white in a direct documentary mode.
 Odyssey 2050 is a film project that incorporates digital animation as well as documentary and live action sequences with the aim of motivating young people from around the world into taking constructive action on climate change.
 Time and Tide is a 1916 short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 My Mother's Laptop (Malayalam:ലാപ്‌ടോപ്‌) is a 2008 Malayalam film by Rupesh Paul starring Suresh Gopi and Padmapriya. This movie is based on a popular short story 'Parudheesa Nashtam' by Subhash Chandran.
 For the Swedish singer part of the group ABBA known by the mononym Frida see Frida Lyngstad.Frida is a 2002 Miramax/Ventanarosa biopic which depicts the professional and private life of the surrealist Mexican painter Frida Kahlo. It stars Salma Hayek in her Academy Award-nominated portrayal as Kahlo and Alfred Molina as her husband Diego Rivera.The movie was adapted by Clancy Sigal Diane Lake Gregory Nava and Anna Thomas from the book Frida: A Biography of Frida Kahlo by Hayden Herrera.
 Nightlight (a.k.a. View of Terror) is a 2003 television film directed by Louis Bélanger.
 Diggstown (also known as Midnight Sting) is a 1992 film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring James Woods Louis Gossett Jr. and Bruce Dern. It also features Heather Graham Oliver Platt and Randall Tex Cobb.
 The Wonderful Chance (also The Thug) is a 1920 silent film crime drama produced by Lewis Selznick and released by Select Pictures. This picture stars Eugene O'Brien and was directed by George Archainbaud. While this film survives today it is best known for featuring Rudolph Valentino in a villain role ratherthan the hero. In the 1960s scenes from the film were used in the documentary The Legend of Rudolph Valentino(1961) narrated by Graeme Ferguson.
 Strange Invaders is a 1983 science-fiction film directed by Michael Laughlin. It was made as a tribute to the sci-fi films of the 1950s notably The Invasion of the Body Snatchers. It stars Paul Le Mat Nancy Allen and Diana Scarwid. The film was intended to be the second installment of the aborted Strange Trilogy with Strange Behavior another 1950s spoof by Laughlin but the idea was abandoned after Strange Invaders failed to attract a wider audience.
 23 Skidoo is a 1964 short experimental black-and-white film by Julian Biggs produced by the National Film Board of Canada. Its central images are eerie and disturbing scenes of downtown Montreal devoid of people.In 1965 the film was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Short Film and was also nominated for a UN Award. It won Special Mention in the international competition at the Cracow Film Festival that year.
 The Junkman is a 1982 independent film which spent two years in production. To make the film H. B. Halicki used his own personal collection of over 200 cars toys and guns - including Eleanor the star of his 1974 cult classic Gone in 60 Seconds.The Junkman is the second installment of Halicki's film trilogy. It presents Gone in 60 Seconds and Deadline Auto Theft as films within a film.
 Café paraíso (Paradise Café) is a 2008 Mexican short film directed and written by Alonso Ruiz Palacios.
 Set Free is a 1918 American comedy film directed by Tod Browning.
 Final Exam is a 1981 slasher film that stars Cecile Bagdadi Joel S. Rice & Timothy L. Raynor. The film is notable for focusing on establishing its characters and solid pacing. Director Jimmy Huston also wanted to go against the norm with the film and decided to feature little on-screen graphic violence. Still like most slasher films of the 1980s it was battered by critics and received only a brief theatrical run.
 Suzakumon (朱雀門 English title: The Love of a Princess) is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Kazuo Mori and based on a novel by Matsutarō Kawaguchi. At the 1957 Asia-Pacific Film Festival the film won awards for best film and best cinematography (Kazuo Miyagawa). The film also won a special award at the 1958 Mainichi Film Concours.
 Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea is a documentary film by Chris Metzler and Jeff Springer with narration by John Waters and music by Friends of Dean Martinez.This offbeat and often humorous documentary tells the story of the accidental lake and environmental catastrophe known as the Salton Sea located in the desert of Southern California USA.Once known as the “California Riviera” the Salton Sea is now called one of America’s worst ecological disasters: a fetid stagnant salty lake that coughs up dead fish and birds by the thousands in frequent die-offs that occur. 
 El lobo (English: The Wolf) is a 2004 film directed by Miguel Courtois. It stars Eduardo Noriega.
 Down Mexico Way is an 1941 American Western film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Fay McKenzie. Based on a story by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a singing cowboy who comes to the aid of the townspeople of Sage City who are victims of a nefarious scam.
 Court House Crooks is a 1915 short comedy film. It features Harold Lloyd in an uncredited role.
 The Ski Trip is a 2004 LGBT independent romantic comedy movie written and directed by openly gay entertainer Maurice Jamal. It was released on DVD on July 11 2006.
 Pallavi Anupallavi is a Kannada film released in 1983 in which Indian director Mani Ratnam made his directorial debut. The movie starred Anil Kapoor in his first leading role. The film deals with an unconventional plot of a male in love with an older female played by the popular actress Lakshmi. Another South Indian director Balu Mahendra was the cinematographer for this movie. The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.The film was not a commercial success but was critically acclaimed.
 Venus fra Vestø (literally Venus from West Island) is a 1962 Danish comedy war film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Malene Schwartz. The film is based on Jerrard Tickell's book Appointment with Venus (Danish title: Operation Venus).
 Cafe Isobe (純喫茶磯辺 Junkissa Isobe) is a 2008 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida. It was in the Narrative Feature Competition at the 2008 Hawaii International Film Festival.
 Il magnifico gladiatore (AKA: The Magnificent Gladiator) is a 1964 film about a hero named Attalus (or anachronistically Hercules in the English version) who is captured by Roman soldiers on the frontier during the reign of Gallienus (AD 253-268). Attalus is brought back to Rome and forced to fight in the arena as a gladiator but once there he becomes embroiled in a plot to over-throw the emperor.This film was written and directed by Alfonso Brescia.
 Haine is a 1980 French drama film directed by Dominique Goult and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Soft and Hard is a video piece created by Jean-Luc Godard and Anne-Marie Miéville in 1985. It runs for 52 minutes and features their conversations about filmmaking and television.
 2030 – Aufstand der Alten (2030 - Rise of the Elderly) is a three-part German television miniseries which aired in January 2007. The docudrama about demographics or demographic crime is written and directed by Jörg Lühdorff.The first part is titled Die Geiselnahme (Taking a Hostage) the second is titled Das Leben im Untergrund (Living in the Underground) and the third is titled Das Geheimnis in der Wüste (Tower of the Firstborn).
 1 More Hit is a documentary film by Shauna Garr. It follows the life of hip hop producer J-Swift formerly of The Pharcyde from homelessness and crack addiction to his mission to win back his life and music career. 1 More Hit screened at SXSW in 2007.
 Darkness in Tallinn (a.k.a. City Unplugged)(Estonian language:Tallinn pimeduses) is a 1993 feature film a satirical political thriller directed by Ilkka Järvi-Laturi and written by Paul Kolsby. The film premiered on September 12 1993 at the Toronto Film Festival and later played at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1994.
 Goodbye Charlie Bright is a 2001 film directed by Nick Love and starring Paul Nicholls Roland Manookian and Danny Dyer. The film is also known by the U.S. title Strong Boys.
 Suez is an American film released on October 28 1938 by 20th Century Fox with Darryl F. Zanuck in charge of production directed by Allan Dwan and starring Tyrone Power Loretta Young and Annabella. It is very loosely based on events surrounding the construction between 1859 and 1869 of the Suez Canal planned and supervised by French diplomat Ferdinand de Lesseps.
 Cowards Bend the Knee (also known as The Blue Hands) is a 2003 film by Guy Maddin. Maddin directed Cowards Bend the Knee while in pre-production on The Saddest Music in the World shooting entirely on Super-8mm film with a budget of $30000.The feature film was initially developed as a series of ten short films commissioned as part of an installation art project by Toronto art gallery The Power Plant (curated by Philip Monk).
 Loving is a 1970 American comedy film released by Columbia Pictures and directed by Irvin Kershner. It is based on the novel Brooks Wilson Ltd. written by pulp magazine illustrator John McDermott under his pen name J. M. Ryan. The movie starred George Segal in the title role of a philandering NYC illustrator and Eva Marie Saint as his wife. The cast also included Sterling Hayden David Doyle Keenan Wynn Roy Scheider and future 20th Century Fox president Sherry Lansing among others.
 Act of Love is a 1980 made-for-TV film adaptation of the book Act of Love: The Killing of George Zygmanik by Judith Paige Mitchell. It was directed by Jud Taylor and written for screen by Michael De Guzman. It stars Ron Howard Robert Foxworth Mickey Rourke David Spielberg and Jacqueline Brookes. Film also features Married… with Children star David Faustino. The score was composed by Billy Goldenberg.
 Stablemates is a 1938 film starring Wallace Beery and Mickey Rooney. The movie was directed by Sam Wood.
 xXx: State of the Union released as xXx²: The Next Level outside the United States and Canada is a 2005 action film directed by Lee Tamahori. It is a sequel to the 2002 film xXx (pronounced triple x).
 The Idiots (Danish: Idioterne) is a 1998 Danish comedy-drama film directed by Lars von Trier. It is his first film made in compliance with the Dogme '95 Manifesto and is also known as Dogme #2. It is the second film in von Trier's Golden Heart Trilogy which includes Breaking the Waves (1996) and Dancer in the Dark (2000). It is among the first films to be shot entirely with digital cameras.
 Election Day is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 81st Our Gang short that was released.
 P.J. (UK title: New Face in Hell) is a 1968 crime-drama mystery film from Universal Pictures. It stars George Peppard Raymond Burr and Gayle Hunnicutt and was directed by John Guillermin.
 Descent is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Talia Lugacy and produced by and starring Rosario Dawson.
 The Witness Chair is a 1936 courtroom drama film directed by George Nichols Jr. starring Ann Harding and Walter Abel. After this movie Harding briefly retired from films and the following year she married symphony conductor Werner Janssen.
 A Woman Under the Influence is a 1974 American drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes. It focuses on a woman whose unusual behavior leads her husband to commit her for psychiatric treatment and the effect this has on their family. It received two Academy Award nominations for Best Actress and Best Director.
 The Love Letters from Teralba Road is a 1977 Australian short film directed by Stephen Wallace. In 1980 David Stratton called it not only the most moving love story given to us by the Australian cinema but also probably the best featurette of the decade.
 Blue Ridge is a 2010 drama film set in the rural Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia. Written and directed by Vince Sweeney. Starring Sean Gullette as the trailer park landlord Mr. Johnston Eric Sweeney (L.A. based actor) as J.T. and Audra Glyn Smith (N.C. based actress) as Sara with a lot of other interesting small roles. Shot on film over a 28 day period it is a high quality 97 min. drama with a unique prospective on modern rural life.
 Prison-A-Go-Go! is an American film first released in October 2003 by WorldWide International Picture Studios known for producing low budget B-movies with campy concepts. The film premiered at the Deep Ellum Film Festival in 2003 and went on to win several awards. The film was directed by Barak Epstein and starred Mary Woronov and Rhonda Shear. The film is an homage/parody of women in prison films.
 A Christmas Tale (French: Un conte de Noël) is a 2008 French comedy-drama film by Arnaud Desplechin starring Catherine Deneuve Jean-Paul Roussillon Mathieu Amalric Anne Consigny Melvil Poupaud Emmanuelle Devos and Chiara Mastroianni. It tells the story of a family with strained relationships which gathers at the parents' home for Christmas only to learn that their mother has leukemia. It was in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.
 Antarctic Crossing is a 1958 British documentary film directed by George Lowe. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Don is a 1978 Indian action-thriller film produced by Nariman Irani and directed by Chandra Barot with music by Kalyanji Anandji and lyrics by Anjaan and Indeewar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Zeenat Aman Pran Iftekhar Helen and Om Shivpuri Satyen Kappu and Pinchoo Kapoor. It was the third-highest grossing Bollywood movie of 1978 and was classified a golden jubilee by Box Office India. A remake and sequel were released on 20 October 2006 and 23 December 2011 respectively.
 Duel of Fists (Chinese: 拳擊; Quan Ji or Kuen gik) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung. Filmed on location in Bangkok the story concerns a Hong Kong engineer (Chiang) who goes to Thailand to find his long-lost half-brother (Ti Lung) who is a Muay Thai boxer.
 Chingaari (Hindi: चिंगारि; English: Spark) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Kalpana Lajmi. The film is based on the novel The Prostitute and the Postman by Bhupen Hazarika. The film is a commentary on the abuse of power and in particular discusses the injustices of the priests in India. Beneath the love triangle between the main characters there is an age-old story that shows that not even holy men are exempt from the corruption of power.
 Zinda (translation: Alive) is a 2006 Bollywood film starring Sanjay Dutt John Abraham and Lara Dutta. Zinda was directed by Sanjay Gupta and written by Gupta and Suresh Nair. Vishal-Shekhar composed the film's thematic music with background music composed by Sanjoy Chowdhury. Pakistani band Strings sung one of the film songs which became quite popular.
 Main Hari is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Gajanan Jagirdar.
 Brecha is a 2009 Spanish drama film written and directed by Iván Noel and starring Francisco Alfonsin. It is Noel's sophomore feature film effort following his critically acclaimed directorial debut En tu ausencia.
 The Gravedancers is a 2006 American horror film. It was chosen as one of the 8 Films To Die For in 2006 and screened at that year's After Dark Horrorfest film festival. It has received positive reviews.
 All the Wrong Reasons is a 2013 Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Gia Milani. It stars Cory Monteith in one of his final feature film roles.
 The Sting II is a 1983 film sequel to The Sting. Directed by Jeremy Kagan and written by David S. Ward (also author of the original movie) it stars Jackie Gleason Mac Davis Teri Garr Karl Malden and Oliver Reed.
 Signs is a 2002 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Executive producers for the film comprised Shyamalan Frank Marshall Kathleen Kennedy and Sam Mercer. On August 2 2002 the original motion picture soundtrack which was composed by James Newton Howard was released by the Hollywood Records label.
 La Novia is a 1961 Argentine film starring Elsa Daniel.
 The Circus Man is a 1914 silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Oscar Apfel and written by Cecil B. DeMille from a story based on the novel The Rose in the Ring by George Barr McCutcheon. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 The Fighting Kentuckian (1949) is an American comedy action film starring John Wayne and Oliver Hardy. The movie was written and directed by George Waggner and made by Republic Pictures.
 Caligula is a 1979 Italo–American erotic biographical drama film directed by Tinto Brass with additional scenes filmed by Giancarlo Lui and Penthouse founder Bob Guccione. The film concerns the rise and fall of Roman Emperor Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus better known as Caligula. It was based on a screenplay by Gore Vidal co-financed by Penthouse magazine and produced by Guccione and Franco Rossellini.
 A Wicked Ghost III: The Possession is a 2002 Hong Kong horror film produced by Stanley Tong directed by Hung Chung-hap and starring Gigi Lai Cheung Tat-ming Grace Lam Yip Sai Wing Wayne Lai Patrick Keung Jenny Yam and Joyce Han. It is preceded by A Wicked Ghost in 1999 and A Wicked Ghost II: The Fear in 2000.
 Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella is a musical written for television with music by Richard Rodgers and a book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II. It is based upon the fairy tale Cinderella particularly the French version Cendrillon ou la Petite Pantoufle de Vair by Charles Perrault. The story concerns a young woman forced into a life of servitude by her cruel stepmother and self-centered stepsisters who dreams of a better life.
 Chiedi la luna (Ask for the Moon) is a 1991 Italian comedy drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni.
 My Life with Morrissey is a 2003 independent feature film written produced and directed by Andrew Overtoom. The film won the Audience Award at the Black Point Film Festival in 2003.
 The Unnecessary Sex is a 1915 American silent short comedy film directed by Jack Harvey and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.
 Sugar is a 2008 sports drama film directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck. It follows the story of Miguel Santos a. k. a. Sugar (Algenis Perez Soto) a Dominican pitcher from San Pedro de Macorís struggling to make it to the big leagues and pull himself and his family out of poverty.
 Advocate Lakshmanan – Ladies Only is a 2010 Malayalam film by Pappan Payattuvila. The film stars Mukesh and Mallika Kapoor.
 Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior (Thai: องค์บาก [oŋbaːk]) also known in the United States as Ong-Bak: The Thai Warrior is a 2003 Thai martial arts action film. It was directed by Prachya Pinkaew featured stunt choreography by Panna Rittikrai and starred Tony Jaa. Ong-Bak proved to be Jaa's breakout film with the actor hailed internationally as the next major martial arts star.
 Bachelor Apartment is a 1931 RKO comedy/romance film directed by and starring Lowell Sherman as a womanizing playboy who falls in love with Irene Dunne's honest working girl. The film was written by New York playwright John Howard Lawson with dialogue and adaptation by J. Walter Ruben. The cast features Mae Murray Norman Kerry and Ivan Lebedeff.
 Quill (クイール Kuīru) is a 2004 Japanese film about a guide dog first released in Japan on 13 March 2004 and on DVD on 25 September 2004. It was also shown at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival in Canada on 17 September 2004.The film is directed by Yōichi Sai and adapted from the original novel The Life of Quill the Seeing-Eye Dog (盲導犬クイールの一生 Mōdōken Kuīru no Isshō) by Ryohei Akimoto and Kengo Ishiguro based on a true story.
 Revenge of the Musketeers (French: La fille de d'Artagnan) is a 1994 French adventure film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and starring Sophie Marceau Philippe Noiret Claude Rich and Sami Frey. Set in the seventeenth century the film is about the daughter of the renowned swordsman D'Artagnan who keeps the spirit of the Musketeers alive by bringing together the aging members of the legendary band to oppose a plot to overthrow the King and seize power.
 Loot is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Silvio Narizzano which is based on the play of the same name by Joe Orton. It was entered into the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fearless also known as Huo Yuanjia in Chinese and as Jet Li's Fearless in the United Kingdom and in the United States is a 2006 Chinese martial arts film directed by Ronny Yu and starring Jet Li.
 Open Graves is a 2009 horror film directed by Álvaro de Armiñán and written by Bruce A. Taylor and Roderick Taylor the film stars Eliza Dushku Mike Vogel Naike Rivelli and Lindsay Robba.
 The Conformist (Italian: Il conformista) is a 1970 political drama directed by Bernardo Bertolucci. The screenplay was written by Bertolucci based on the 1951 novel The Conformist by Alberto Moravia. The film features Jean-Louis Trintignant and Stefania Sandrelli among others.
 Zalzala (Hindi: ज़लज़ला) is a 1988 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Shatrughan Sinha Rati Agnihotri Kimi Katkar Rajiv Kapoor Danny Denzongpa & Anita Raj in lead roles.
 Conversation Piece (Italian: Gruppo di famiglia in un interno) is an award-winning 1974 film by Italian director Luchino Visconti.The film features an international cast including the American actor Burt Lancaster the Austrian Helmut Berger and the Italians Silvana Mangano and Claudia Cardinale (in a very short role as the professor's wife) and the French actress Dominique Sanda in a cameo as the professor's mother.
 Stone Cold is a 1991 action movie based around a biker gang out to assassinate the governor and free one of their members who is on trial for murder. The movie marked the acting debut of 80s football star Brian Bosworth.
 La Cambrure (The Curve) is a short film shot in video directed by Edwige Shaki who also wrote the scenario. Éric Rohmer was a technical advisor and editor for the movie. Despite being directed by Shaki some of Rohmer's trademarks extensive dialog and beautiful young actors including Shaki herself are present. Edwige Shaki later was an actress in the Rohmer film The Lady and the Duke.
 Bless Their Little Hearts is a 1984 American drama film directed by Billy Woodberry. On December 18 2013 the Library of Congress announced that this film had been selected for the National Film Registry for being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Can't Stop Dancing is a 1999 feature length film written and directed by Steven Falick and Ben Zook and starring Ben Zook.
 Asylum Seekers is an American film written and directed by Rania Ajami. The film stars Pepper Binkley and Daniel Irizarry as two of the six social outcast protagonists who attempt to get themselves committed to an insane asylum in order to spice up their lives.
 Blue Swallow is a 2005 South Korean film based on the true story of Park Kyung-won an early Korean female pilot. The film became controversial when Park's alleged pro-Japanese activities came to light. It was also found that she was not as the filmmakers had thought the first female pilot from Korea; this distinction in fact belonged to Kwon Ki-ok of the Republic of China Air Force. Some Koreans protested the movie and called for it not to be released.
 GasHole is a 2008 documentary film about the history of oil prices and the future of alternative fuels which was released directly to DVD. The film details the dependency of United States on foreign supplies of oil. The documentary is directed by Scott Roberts and Jeremy Wagener and narrated by Peter Gallagher.
 Besondere Kennzeichen: keine is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 The Butcher Boy is a 1917 short comedy film starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and Buster Keaton. This was the first in Arbuckle's series of films with the Comique Film Corporation and Keaton's film debut.
 The Mind's Eye series consists of several art films rendered using computer-generated imagery of varying levels of sophistication. The series began in 1990. It was produced by Steven Churchill of Odyssey Productions (originally Odyssey Visual Design) & Miramar Productions. The series was released on VHS (by BMG) and LaserDisc (by Image Entertainment) and later re-released on DVD (by the now-defunct Simitar Entertainment).
 Brick Mansions is a 2014 French-Canadian action thriller film directed by Camille Delamarre and written by Luc Besson Robert Mark Kamen and Bibi Naceri. It is a remake of the 2004 French film District 13. This is one of Paul Walker's final film roles before his death on November 30 2013. The film was released on April 25 2014.
 Oklahoma! is a 1955 musical film based on the 1943 stage musical Oklahoma! written by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist/librettist Oscar Hammerstein II and starring Gordon MacRae Shirley Jones (in her film debut) Rod Steiger Charlotte Greenwood Gloria Grahame Gene Nelson James Whitmore and Eddie Albert. The production was the only musical directed by Fred Zinnemann. Oklahoma! was the first feature film photographed in the Todd-AO 70 mm widescreen process.
 Bill W. is an 2012 American biographical film directed by Dan Carracino and Kevin Hanlon about William Griffith Wilson the co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous and the first feature length documentary on Wilson.
 The Bag Man (also known as Motel in some countries) is a 2014 action crime thriller film directed by David Grovic. It is based on an original screenplay by James Russo and a rewrite by David Grovic and Paul Conway and an inspiration of The Cat: A Tale of Feminine Redemption by Marie-Louise von Franz. The film stars Dominic Purcell John Cusack Crispin Glover and Robert De Niro. The film premiered on February 28 2014 in New York and Los Angeles.
 Ganja & Hess is a 1973 horror film directed by Bill Gunn and stars Marlene Clark and Duane Jones. The film follows the exploits of archaeologist Dr. Hess Green (Jones) who becomes a vampire after being stabbed by his intelligent but unstable assistant (Gunn) with an ancient cursed dagger.
 The Adventures of André and Wally B. is an animated short made in 1984 by The Graphics Group a subsidiary of Lucasfilm which was later renamed Pixar before being spun off as a separate company in February 3 1986 and later became the Lucasfilm's partner company in December 21 2012. The animation was by John Lasseter who was working on his first computer animated project and would move on to be a pivotal player at Pixar.
 Seethakoka Chiluka (also spelled as Seetakoka Chiluka) (Telugu: సీతాకోక చిలుక) is a 1981 Telugu language film created by Poornodaya Movies and directed by Bharathiraja. After it was remade from the Tamil version Alaigal Oivathillai Karthik Muthuraman reprised his role from the original film. Aruna Mucherla is the female lead character.
 The Deadly Trap (French: La Maison sous les arbres) is a 1971 French drama film directed by René Clément. It was screened at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Stonewall Uprising is a 2010 American documentary film examining the events surrounding the Stonewall riots that began during the early hours of June 28 1969. Stonewall Uprising made its theatrical debut on June 16 2010 at the Film Forum in New York City.
 Il giorno più corto (also known as The Shortest Day) is a 1962 Italian Comedy film. It is a parody of the war movie The Longest Day and stars the popular duo Ciccio Ingrassia and Franco Franchi in the leading roles. Dozens of many other well-known actors accepted to appear in the movie in cameo roles for free to avert the bankruptcy of the production company Titanus.
 5th Ave Girl is a 1939 comedy film about a millionaire who feels neglected by his family so he hires a young woman to stir things up. It stars Ginger Rogers and Walter Connolly.
 The Caribbean Mystery is a 1945 film directed by Robert D. Webb. It stars James Dunn and Sheila Ryan.
 Le Professionnel (French pronunciation: ​[lə pʁɔfɛsjɔˈnɛl] 'The Professional') is a 1981 French action thriller film directed by French director Georges Lautner starring Jean-Paul Belmondo Jean Desailly and Robert Hossein based on the award-winning 1976 novel Death of a Thin-Skinned Animal by Patrick Alexander.The music is composed by Ennio Morricone and the theme music Chi Mai is known worldwide.
 Eve of Destruction is a 1991 science fiction film about a cyborg named Eve designed in secret by the United States military for undercover operations. The film stars Gregory Hines as Colonel Jim McQuade and Dutch actress Renée Soutendijk (in her first U.S. film) with the dual roles as the cyborg's creator Dr. Eve Simmons and the cyborg Eve herself.
 The Bishop Murder Case is a 1930 Mystery directed by Nick Grinde starring Basil Rathbone Leila Hyams and Roland Young. Nine years before his role of Sherlock Holmes Basil Rathbone essayed the character of S.S. Van Dyne's detective Philo Vance. S.S. Van Dyne's novel The Benson Murder Case in 1926 success spawned 11 subsequent Vance novels.
 Maciste contro il vampiro (internationally released as Maciste Vs. the Vampire Goliath and the Island of Vampires Goliath and the Vampires and The Vampires) is a 1961 Italian fantasy-peplum film directed by Sergio Corbucci and Giacomo Gentilomo. It was noticed that the visual style of the film was inspired by Mario Bava's films.
 The Pom Pom Girls (aka Palisades High) is a 1976 film directed by Joseph Ruben. The screenplay was written by Ruben and based on a story by him and Robert J. Rosenthal. The movie was shot on location at Chaminade High School in Los Angeles.
 Santhithen Unnai is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Nagamaneci. The film unfolds us through a journey where one faces the consequence when two people meet each other. The film features Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar and Kaushik Ram in the lead roles.
 Close Relations is a 1933 American comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. This film features Shemp Howard of The Three Stooges in a non-speaking role.
 You So Crazy (1994) is a stand up comedy film starring Martin Lawrence. It was his first major film and stand up act. The film was directed by Thomas Schlamme. Lawrence wears a black leather suit in the film similar to the wardrobe worn by Eddie Murphy in his films Delirious and Raw.During the routine Lawrence touches on various topics such as his success growing up sexual acts and racism. The concert was filmed at the Majestic Theatre in 1993 in New York City before a sold out crowd.
 Naukar Biwi Ka is a 1983 Hindi movie starring Dharmendra Anita Raj Reena Roy Vinod Mehra Raj Babbar and Om Prakash. It was directed by Rajkumar Kohli. The film became a box office hit.[1] It was copy of the hit Pakistani Punjabi movie Naukar Wohti Da.
 Manjal Veiyil (English: Yellow Light) is a 2009 Tamil language film starring Prasanna and Sandhya in the lead roles. It was a Flop.
 The Day Reagan Was Shot is a 2001 film made for television directed by Cyrus Nowrasteh and co-produced by Oliver Stone. The film stars Richard Dreyfuss as Alexander Haig and Richard Crenna as Ronald Reagan and co-stars Michael Murphy Holland Taylor Kenneth Welsh and Colm Feore in leading supporting-turns. The film is based on the events surrounding the Reagan assassination attempt on March 30 1981 by John Hinckley Jr.
 Wife For a Night (Italian: Moglie per una notte) is a 1952 Italian film starring Gina Lollobrigida. It was based on the play The Dazzling Hour by Anna Bonacci which was later updated for the Billy Wilder film Kiss Me Stupid.
 Adam Resurrected (Hebrew: אדם בן כלב‎ translit. Adam Ben Kelev) is a 2008 American-German-Israeli film directed by Paul Schrader and adapted from Yoram Kaniuk's novel of the same name published in Israel in 1968 (the book's original name literally means Man son of a dog).Jeff Goldblum stars as the titular character alongside Willem Dafoe Derek Jacobi and Ayelet Zurer.
 Black Roots is the fourth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. The film gathers a number of African American folk and blues musicians in a room where they share stories and songs about the black experience in America.
 The Man on Lincoln's Nose is a 2000 American short documentary film directed by Daniel Raim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian thriller film written and directed by Sebastián Cordero. The film was produced by among others Guillermo del Toro director of Pan's Labyrinth and Alfonso Cuarón director of Children of Men. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Suite Habana is a 2003 Cuban documentary directed by Fernando Pérez.The documentary was filmed with fictional cinema techniques depicting a day in a life of thirteen real people from a ten-year-old child with Down Syndrome to a 79-year-old lady who sells peanuts in the street.The film has no dialogue using sound and image to evoke emotional effect. Several stories are juxtaposed to convey the plot points an unusual approach in Cuban cinema where spoken words are often used extensively.
 Badsha The King is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Shankar Ray and produced by Suman Kumar Das under the banner of Burima Chitram. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Koel Mallick in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra and Snehasish Chakraborty.
 Nightjohn is a 1996 television comedy movie about a young slave girl who lives a hopeless life on a Southern plantation. Her job is to take care of the white family’s son as well as spitting tobacco on the roses to keeps bugs away. Her life is changed when she is taught how to read by a fellow slave. The slave John says that learning to read is freedom because slavery is bounded by laws and deeds which the slaves cannot read.
 The Right Kind of Wrong is a 2013 Canadian romantic comedy film directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik. Its premiere was in the Gala Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Chitrashalabham is a 1998 Malayalam film made in India by K. B. Madhu based on the Bollywood movie Anand. The film has Jayaram and Biju Menon in lead roles.
 The Death of Kevin Carter: Casualty of the Bang Bang Club also known as The Life of Kevin Carter is a 2004 American documentary short subject about the suicide of South African photojournalist Kevin Carter. The film was produced & directed by Dan Krauss. It describes how Carter who won the Pulitzer Prize for a photograph of an emaciated African girl being stalked by a vulture became depressed by the carnage he witnessed as a photographer in war-torn places.
 Tulsi: Mathrudevobhava is a 2008 Bollywood film. The film is directed by Ajay Kumar and stars Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan. The film is an official remake of 1993 Telugu language film Mathru Devo Bhava which again has been remade from Malayalam language film Akashadoothu (1993) directed by Sibi Malayil.
 Roaring Years (Italian: Anni ruggenti) is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa set in the 1930s during the Fascist period of Benito Mussolini. It stars Nino Manfredi and Gino Cervi. The film was inspired by the satirical comedy The Government Inspector” by Nikolai GogolThe film won Best Feature at the 1962 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Lettera aperta a un giornale della sera (internationally released as Open Letter to an Evening Daily and Open Letter to an Evening Newspaper) is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Maselli. It is centered upon the crisis of the Communist intellectuals after the 1968 protests.
 Haasil is a 2003 film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia. Irfan Khan won Filmfare award for Best actor in negative role for his portrayal of Ranvijay Singh in the movie. The film is set and shot in and around Allahabad Uttar Pradesh.
 Mickey's Big Broadcast is a 1933 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on June 6 1933 by RKO Radio Pictures.
 The Atomic Space Bug is a 1999 horror film directed by Jonathan M. Parisen and starring Conrad Brooks (Plan 9 From Outer Space). The Atomic Space Bug is Parisen's homage to such fifties films as Robot Monster and Plan 9 From Outer Space. The film is about a giant insect-like creature that terrorizes a small town.
 Old Tongues or Oude Tongen is a 1994 Dutch film directed by Gerardjan Rijnders.
 In the Mood for Love is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai starring Maggie Cheung and Tony Leung. The film premiered on 20 May 2000 at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or.The film's original Chinese title meaning the age of blossoms or the flowery years – Chinese metaphor for the fleeting time of youth beauty and love – derives from a song of the same name by Zhou Xuan from a 1946 film.
 The Lame Devil (UK: The Devil Who Limped; original title: Le Diable boiteux French for the devil with a limp) is a 1948 French black-and-white historical film written and directed by Sacha Guitry. A biography of the titular French diplomat Talleyrand (1754–1838) it stars Guitry in the lead role. Originally forbidden by the French censorship and turned into a play the film went on to be released into six languages.
 The Seekers is a 1979 made-for-television drama film/mini-series. It is based on the historical novel The Seekers written by John Jakes originally published in 1975. It is third in a series known as The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The story mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures as it narrates the story of the United States of America from 1794 through 1814.
 Rubber Heels is a 1927 silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It stars stage comedian Ed Wynn in his first motion picture.
 See also Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy DashCannonball Run II (1984) is a comedy film featuring Burt Reynolds and an all-star cast released by Warner Bros. and Golden Harvest.
 Jean the Tenant (Hungarian: Árendás zsidó) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Empress Vampire (Chinese: Huang Hou Xi Xue Gui) is an American horror film produced in 2009 and released in 2012. The film is directed by Phil Condit and stars Ange Maya Tom Cochran Beau Nelson Laura Cotenescu and Garrett Brawith.
 The Pride of the Force is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Patrick Aherne Nancy Bates Leslie Fuller and Hal Gordon. A farmworker inadvertently becomes the pride of the Metropolitan Police force.
 The Magic Voyage is a 1992 German animated fantasy film released theatrically in Germany as Die Abenteuer von Pico und Columbus (English: The Adventures of Pico and Columbus) by Bavaria Film in February 14 1992. The film was later dubbed in English and released in the United States and Canada. The first one was a rare English dub while the second English dub was released by Hemdale Film Corporation as The Magic Voyage on April 25 1993. It was produced and directed by Michael Schoemann.
 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a 1936 British film produced and directed by George King. The film features actor Tod Slaughter in one of his most famous roles as the barber Sweeney Todd.
 Hollywood Hong Kong (香港有個荷里活 Heung gong yau gok hor lei wood) is a 2001 Hong Kong film directed by Fruit Chan with screenplay written by Kei To Lam. It is the second instalment of his prostitution trilogy which Chan directed from 2000–02. The other two movies in the trilogy are Durian Durian (2000) and Public Toilet (2002).
 My Little Pony: The Movie was a 1986 animated feature film based on the Hasbro toy line My Little Pony. It was released on June 20 1986 by De Laurentiis Entertainment Group. The film features the voices of Danny DeVito Madeline Kahn Cloris Leachman Rhea Perlman and Tony Randall.Produced by Marvel Productions and Sunbow Productions with animation production by Japan's Toei Animation and Korea's AKOM My Little Pony: The Movie was succeeded by a television series which ran in late 1986.
 The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1975 Disney film about a slick gambler named Russell Donovan (played by Bill Bixby) who is duped into taking care of a group of orphan children who eventually strike gold during the California Gold Rush. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Jack Bickham. The so-called Apple Dumpling Gang is named after the American dessert treat the apple dumpling. Buddy Baker composed the music for it and its 1979 sequel The Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again.
 Aren't Men Beasts! is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Robertson Hare Alfred Drayton and Billy Milton. A number of people try and prevent a man getting married.
 King Arthur is a 2004 film directed by Antoine Fuqua and written by David Franzoni. It stars Clive Owen as the title character Ioan Gruffudd as Lancelot and Keira Knightley as Guinevere.The film is unusual in reinterpreting Arthur as a Roman officer rather than a medieval knight.
 The Shuttered Room is a 1967 British horror film starring Gig Young and Carol Lynley as a couple who move into a house with dark secrets. It is based on a short story of the same name by August Derleth and H. P. Lovecraft. The film has also been re-released under the title Blood Island. Although set in the US the film was shot in Cornwall and Norfolk England. The film features a large half-brick half-timber watermill which is destroyed by fire in the closing scenes.
 The Convent (Portuguese: O Convento) is a 1995 film by Portuguese director Manoel de Oliveira starring Catherine Deneuve and John Malkovich and based on the novel As Terras Do Risco by Agustina Bessa-Luís. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Large is a 2001 feature film directed by Justin Edgar for FilmFour.
 How to Live Forever written by director Mark Wexler and Robert DeMaio is a documentary that follows Mark on a three-year pilgrimage to discover the best practices and philosophies to help mitigate the uncool trappings of old age. With the death of his mother (artist Marian Witt-Wexler) and the arrival of an AARP card Wexler begins to wonder if one can truly achieve immortality.
 Sid and Nancy (also known as Sid and Nancy: Love Kills) is a 1986 British biopic directed by Alex Cox. The film portrays the life of Sid Vicious (Gary Oldman) bassist of the seminal punk rock band the Sex Pistols and his relationship with girlfriend Nancy Spungen (Chloe Webb).
 Live at the O2 London England is a DVD by Kings of Leon released on November 10 2009. It features the band's show on June 30 2009 at the O2 Arena in London England. The concert was also released on Blu-ray.
 Yam Yasothon (Thai: แหยม ยโสธร English title: Hello Yasothon) is a 2005 Thai musical romantic comedy film written directed by and starring Petchtai Wongkamlao.
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1921 British mystery film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Eille Norwood Catina Campbell and Rex McDougall. It is based on the Sherlock Holmes novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Mookie's Law is a 2008 Canadian short film written and directed by Al Mukadam (aka Ali Mukaddam) and produced jointly by Mukadam Mazin Elsadig and Jonathan Malen. It premiered at Bloor Cinema in Toronto in August 2008 and stars Mukadam Garen Boyajian Nina Dobrev and Aubrey Drake Graham.
 The Labour Leader is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Fred Groves Fay Compton and Owen Nares. After his friend impregnates a laundress a socialist marries her while navigating his own rise to become a Labour Party Member of Parliament. The film was based on an original screenplay by Kenelm Foss.
 Rootin' Tootin' Rhythm is a 1937 American Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Armida. Based on a story by Johnston McCulley the film is about two cowboys who assume the identities of dead outlaws in order to stop a bunch of cattle rustlers later discovering that the outlaws are far from dead.
 Calimucho is a 2008 Dutch/European feature film directed by Eugenie Jansen (Golden Tiger Award for Tussenland 2001). The movie about the problems within a small family circus was entirely shot travelling with a small existing circus on tour the cast consisting of the circus members but is not a documentary: The story is entirely scripted written by Natasha Gerson.
 Le vergini di Roma is a 1961 Italian peplum film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia Vittorio Cottafavi and Peter O'Cord. It was internationally released as Amazons of Rome and Warrior Women.
 South of the Border is a 1939 Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Gerald Geraghty based on a story by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a federal agent who is sent to Mexico to prevent foreign powers from gaining control of Mexican oil refineries and fomenting revolution among the Mexican people.
 A Brother With Perfect Timing is a 1987 documentary directed by Chris Austin about musician Abdullah Ibrahim and his struggle for freedom with apartheid in South Africa.
 The Lone Ranger Rides Again is a 1939 American Republic serial. It was a sequel to Republic's 1938 serial The Lone Ranger which had been highly successful and the thirteenth of the sixty-six serials produced by Republic.The serial was considered lost for a long time but copies with Spanish subtitles have since been found and re-issued.
 Black Lizard (黒蜥蝪 Kurotokage) is a 1968 Japanese detective film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 The Butterfly's Dream (Italian: Il sogno della farfalla) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Akam (English:Inside)is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Shalini Usha Nair. The film is a contemporary retelling of Malayattoor Ramakrishnan's classic psycho-thriller novel Yakshi (1967). The story is about Srini (Fahad Fazil) a young architect who starts suspecting that his beautiful wife Ragini (Anumol) is a yakshi.The film was shot in and around Trivandrum and its surrounding suburbs. It premiered at the 8th Dubai International Film Festival in December 2011.
 ParaNorman is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated comedy horror family film produced by Laika distributed by Focus Features and was released on August 17 2012. The voice cast includes Casey Affleck Tempestt Bledsoe Jeff Garlin John Goodman Bernard Hill Anna Kendrick Leslie Mann Christopher Mintz-Plasse Kodi Smit-McPhee Jodelle Ferland Elaine Stritch and Tucker Albrizzi.
 Living in bondage is a 1992 Nigerian drama thriller film directed by Chris Obi Rapu written by Kenneth Nnebue & Okechukwu Ogunjiofor and produced by Kenneth Nnebue.The film was shot straight-to-video and stars African Movie Academy Award winner Kanayo O. Kanayo Nollywood actors Francis Agu Okechukwu Ogunjiofor and a host of others.
 David e Golia (English translation: David and Goliath) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and Richard Pottier with sequences filmed in Israel and Yugoslavia.
 Valyettan (Malayalam : വല്ല്യേട്ടന്‍) is a 2000 Malayalam feudal action film directed by Shaji Kailas. Scripted by Ranjith this film has Mammootty in the title lead role with Shobana Siddique Innocent and Saikumar in leading roles. The film was a blockbuster. The film was remade in Kannada as Jyeshta by director Suresh Krissna with actor Vishnuvardhan in the lead role.
 Billa No. 786 is a typical Hindi film made in 2000. A revenge drama as usual tailor made for Mithun in the lead role.
 Lado Radi is a Punjabi film directed by Masood Butt starring Shaan Shahid and Sila Hussain.
 Cold Sweat is a 1993 thriller film about a man who lives a double life as a hitman. The film was directed by Gail Harvey and stars Ben Cross Adam Baldwin and Shannon Tweed.
 Crazy Stupid Love (stylized onscreen as Crazy Stupid Love.) is a 2011 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa and written by Dan Fogelman. It stars Steve Carell Ryan Gosling Julianne Moore Emma Stone John Carroll Lynch Marisa Tomei Analeigh Tipton and Kevin Bacon. The film was released in United States and Canada by Warner Bros. Pictures on July 29 2011.The film received favorable reviews and was commercially successful.
 The Golden Blade is an adventure film from 1953 directed by Nathan Juran and starring Rock Hudson as Harun Al-Rashid and Piper Laurie as Princess Khairuzan. It is set in ancient Bagdad and borrows from the Arabic fairy tales of One Thousand and One Nights as well as the myth of King Arthur and the Sword in the Stone.
 Prowl is a 2010 American horror film directed by Patrik Syversen and written by Tim Tori and starring Courtney Hope Ruta Gedmintas and Bruce Payne.
 The Teenage Textbook Movie is a film adaptation of Adrian Tan's bestselling 1988 novel The Teenage Textbook. It is a lighthearted look at the lives of four students in Singapore as they start junior college.The film was well-received critically and topped the Singapore box office for four weeks beating Hollywood offerings. Its stars who were unknowns eventually became household names on television. Its soundtrack was all-Singaporean a first for English-language Singapore films.
 Thieves by Law or Ganavim Ba Hok is a 2010 documentary film charting the rise of Russian organized crime in the wake of the fall of the Soviet Union. In the film several noted crime figures are interviewed a number of which are currently wanted by Interpol.
 Blood River is a 2009 psychological thriller film written by Simon Boyes and Adam Mason and directed by Adam Mason. It follows a newlywed couple’s relationship during a chance encounter with a mysterious drifter in a deserted ghost town.
 Jacob's Ladder is a 1990 American psychological horror film directed by Adrian Lyne written and produced by Bruce Joel Rubin and starring Tim Robbins Elizabeth Peña and Danny Aiello.
 Ip Man: The Final Fight is a 2013 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Herman Yau starring Anthony Wong Anita Yuen Jordan Chan Eric Tsang and Gillian Chung based on the life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man. This film is not connected with Wilson Yip's Ip Man or Ip Man 2.
 Miente y serás feliz (Lie and be Happy) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 The Black Six (1974) is a combination of blaxploitation and outlaw biker film released in 1974. The movie was written by George Theakos and directed by Matt Cimber. It starred several National Football League stars in the title roles. The plot had some similarities to The Magnificent Seven and Easy Rider. It was one of the first all-black biker films.
 Dos amigos y un amor is a 1938 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Lucas Demare. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires.
 Shinbone Alley is a 1971 animated feature film based on the Joe Darion Mel Brooks and George Kleinsinger musical of the same name as well as the original Archy and Mehitabel stories by Don Marquis. It was directed by John David Wilson.
 El Amarillo (English language:The Lizard) is a 2006 Argentine drama film directed and written by Sergio Mazza. The film starred Gabriela Moyano Alejandro Baratelli and Mirta Fratinni.
 Raw Nerve is a 1991 film directed and written by David A. Prior. The film stars Glenn Ford in his final film role Jan-Michael Vincent and Traci Lords.
 Madame Peacock is a 1920 silent film drama written produced by and starring Alla Nazimova and distributed by Metro Pictures. An extant film film.A print is held at Cinematheque Royale de Belgique Brussels.
 Cthulhu is a 2007 American horror film directed by Dan Gildark and co-written by Grant Cogswell and Daniel Gildark. The film is loosely based on the short story The Shadow Over Innsmouth (1936) by H. P. Lovecraft.The film moves the story from New England to the Pacific Northwest. The film is notable for having a gay protagonist.
 Dark Shadows is a 2012 American horror comedy film based on the gothic soap opera of the same name that was produced for television between 1966 and 1971. The film is directed by Tim Burton and stars Johnny Depp as Barnabas Collins a 200-year-old vampire who has been imprisoned in a coffin. Collins is eventually unearthed and makes his way back to his mansion now inhabited by his dysfunctional descendants.
 The Fiend Who Walked the West is a 1958 Western based on the 1947 film noir Kiss of Death. The film stars Robert Evans Hugh O'Brian Linda Cristal and Stephen McNally.
 Bride of the Gorilla is a 1951 B-movie film directed by Curt Siodmak and starring Raymond Burr Lon Chaney Jr. and Barbara Payton. The pre-release working title was The Face in the Water.
 The Lazarus Child is a 2005 American drama film directed by Graham Theakston. It was filmed in Canada and the United Kingdom. Entitled The Last Door in Canada.
 Mard is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ganpati Bohra starring Mithun Chakraborty Kader Khan Gulshan Grover Raza Murad and Shakti Kapoor.
 The Flying Scotsman is a 2006 British drama film based on the life and career of Scottish amateur cyclist Graeme Obree. The film covers the period of Obree's life that saw him take lose and then retake the world one-hour distance record. The film stars Jonny Lee Miller as Obree Laura Fraser Billy Boyd and Brian Cox.
 Monster (Hangul: 몬스터; RR: Monseuteo) is a 2014 South Korean thriller film written and directed by Hwang In-ho and starring Lee Min-ki and Kim Go-eun.
 The Sword of Doom (大菩薩峠 Dai-bosatsu Tōge Great Bodhisattva Pass) is a jidaigeki movie released in 1966. It was directed by Kihachi Okamoto and stars Tatsuya Nakadai. It was based on the serial novel of the same title by Kaizan Nakazato (Japanese) reportedly the longest novel ever written in any language.
 Mardi Gras: Spring Break is a 2011 comedy/road trip film. It stars Nicholas D'Agosto Josh Gad Bret Harrison Arielle Kebbel Danneel Harris Regina Hall and Carmen Electra. It is directed by Phil Dornfield. The film follows a trio of senior college students who visit New Orleans during the Mardi Gras season.Originally shot in 2008 as Max's Mardi Gras it was scheduled for release by Sony Pictures' Screen Gems division.
 Blood Sweat and Wars is an upcoming Irish film written produced and directed by Stephen Patrick Kenny and based on events that occurred in and around Galway city and County from 1987 to 2009.
 Arappatta Kettiya Gramathil (Malayalam: അരപ്പട്ട കെട്ടിയ ഗ്രാമത്തിൽ English: In the Village Which Wears a Warrior's Belt) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by P. Padmarajan based on his own short story of the same name. The film revolves around three men Zechariah (Mammootty) Hilal (Ashokan) and Gopi (Nedumudi Venu) who go to a brothel in a remote village and the problems they had to face there in the next 24 hours.
 Miss Annie Rooney is a 1942 American comedy-drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin. The screenplay by George Bruce was based on the silent film Little Annie Rooney starring Mary Pickford. Miss Annie Rooney is about a teenager (Temple) from a humble background who falls in love with a rich high school boy (Moore). She is snubbed by his social set but when her father (Gargan) invents a synthetic substitute for rubber her prestige rises. The film was panned.
 A Stranger of Mine (運命じゃない人 Unmei janai hito) is a 2005 Japanese film by Kenji Uchida starring Yasuhi Nakamura Reika Kirishima Sō Yamanaka and Yuka Itaya
 Ek Paheli is a 1971 Bollywood thriller drama horror film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Tanuja Feroz Khan and Aruna Irani .
 Chalta Purza is a 1977 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Parveen Babi.
 Mr. Suave is a boy nay a man—named Lemmer. He is a Filipino film directed by Joyce E. Bernal released in 2003.
 Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure (previously released on home videos as The Ewok Adventure) is a 1984 American made-for-TV film based in the Star Wars universe. It was released theatrically in Europe as Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure and is known by that title today. The film focuses on the struggles of a brother and sister stranded on the forest moon of Endor in locating their parents who have been kidnapped by a monster known as the Gorax.
 Safe in Jail is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Idu Saadhya is a 1989 Indian Kannada film directed by Dinesh Babu. The film created a World record for having become the first film to be shot within a span of 48 hours.
 Hangman's Curse is a 2003 action/suspense film based on the 2001 Christian novel Hangman's Curse written by Frank Peretti. The film stars David Keith Mel Harris Leighton Meester and Douglas Smith with a cameo by novelist and Northwest native Peretti. The filming took place in Spokane Washington with interior and exterior shots of John R. Rogers High School. Additional exterior shots were filmed at nearby Riverside State Park as well as Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.
 The Others is a 2001 psychological/supernatural horror film written directed and scored by Alejandro Amenábar starring Nicole Kidman and Fionnula Flanagan. William Skidelsky of The Observer has suggested that it is inspired by the 1898 novella The Turn of the Screw.It won eight Goya Awards including awards for Best Film and Best Director.
 Ligabue is a 1978 Italian biographical drama film directed by Salvatore Nocita. It depicts real life events of painter Antonio Ligabue. For this film Nocita was awarded Nastro d'Argento for Best New Director while Flavio Bucci won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Actor.
 Scary Movie is a 2000 horror comedy spoof film directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. It was intended to be released with the title Slasher 911.[citation needed] It is an American dark comedy that heavily parodies the horror slasher and mystery genres.
 Once a Thief is a 1965 film directed by Ralph Nelson and starring Alain Delon Ann-Margret Van Heflin and Jack Palance. It was written by Zekial Marko based on his novel Scratch A Thief.Nelson won the OCIC award at the 1965 San Sebastián International Film Festival for the film.
 The Thirteenth Hour (aka:The 13th Hour) is a 1927 silent film mystery produced and distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer and directed by Chester Franklin. The film stars Lionel Barrymore in a role where as noted criminologist Professor Leroy he dons a weird series of disguises to hide a dark secret. This was the first film where Barrymore was cast opposite talented dogs and the first where he was cast as a serial killer.A print of this film survives in 16mm.
 Live Free or Die Hard (released as Die Hard 4.0 outside North America) is a 2007 American action film and the fourth installment in the Die Hard film series. The film was directed by Len Wiseman and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane. The film's name was adapted from New Hampshire's state motto Live Free or Die.McClane is attempting to stop cyber terrorists who hack into government and commercial computers across the United States with the goal to start a fire-sale of financial assets.
 Killer of Sheep is a 1977 American drama film written directed produced and shot by Charles Burnett. It features Henry G. Sanders Kaycee Moore and Charles Bracy among others. The drama depicts the culture of urban African-Americans in Los Angeles' Watts district. The film's style is often likened to Italian neorealism.At the time of completion the film could not be released because the filmmakers had not secured rights to the music used in the film.
 Midnight Train (Chinese: 午夜火车) is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Jiangnan Zhang.
 Days of Youth (学生ロマンス 若き日 Gakusei romance: Wakaki hi 1929) is a Japanese comedy film directed by Yasujiro Ozu. It is the oldest known surviving film by the director. The film tells of two friends from a university (played by Ichirō Yūki and Tatsuo Saitō) who vie for the attention of the same girl (Junko Matsui) during a skiing trip.
 Aberration is a 1997 film directed by Tim Boxell. It was set in the United States and shot in New Zealand and stars Pamela Gidley as a woman who moves to her old childhood cabin in the woods only to discover that it is overrun by a pack of murderous lizard-like creatures.
 Al-Millionairah al-Saghirah About this sound listen (Arabic: المليونيرة الصغيرة‎ Al-Millionerah al-Ṣāgheerah The Small Millionaire) is an Egyptian 1948 drama film directed and written by Kamal Barakat. It stars Rushdy Abaza and Faten Hamama.
 Mehbooba is a 1976 Hindi film produced by Mushir-Riaz and directed by Shakti Samanta. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Hema Malini and Prem Chopra. The music is composed by Rahul Dev Burman. The plot it is based on Gulshan Nanda's novel Sisakate Saaz and Nanda also wrote the screenplay himself.
 The Curse of Frankenstein is a 1957 English horror film by Hammer Film Productions based on the novel Frankenstein (1818) by Mary Shelley. It was Hammer's first colour horror film and the first of their Frankenstein series. Its worldwide success led to several sequels and the studio's new versions of Dracula (1958) and The Mummy (1959) and established Hammer Horror as a distinctive brand of Gothic cinema. The film was directed by Terence Fisher and stars Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee.
 Guns of the Magnificent Seven (1969) is a Zapata Western and the second sequel to the 1960 western film The Magnificent Seven (itself based on Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai).It was directed by Paul Wendkos and stars George Kennedy as Chris Adams the character Yul Brynner portrayed in the first two films. The additions to the cast to make up the new seven are Monte Markham Bernie Casey (in his film debut) James Whitmore Reni Santoni Joe Don Baker and Scott Thomas.
 My Country's Wings (Spanish: Alas de mi patria) is a 1939 Argentine film directed and written by Carlos F. Borcosque. The film stars Enrique Muiño Pablo Palitos and Delia Garcés. The film is centred around an army of soldiers.
 Robert Frost: A Lover's Quarrel With the World is a 1963 American documentary film directed by Shirley Clarke and starring Robert Frost. It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for 1963.
 Esther Kahn is the first English-language film by the French director Arnaud Desplechin. It premiered at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival but was not distributed to the United States for two years until it played in New York City in 2002. Deplechin adapted the screenplay with regular collaborator Emmanuel Bourdieu from a short story by Arthur Symons of the same name from his book Spiritual Adventures. It stars Summer Phoenix as Esther and Ian Holm as her friend and teacher Nathan Quellen.
 Dawn Anna is an 2005 American dramatic television film written by Robert Munic Arliss Howard and James Howard and directed by Arliss Howard. The film based upon real events surrounding the Columbine High School massacre premiered on Lifetime Television January 10 2005.
 Der Schuh des Manitu (English: Manitou's Shoe) is a 2001 German parody of western films. Directed by Michael Herbig it is a film adaptation of the Winnetou sketches from his ProSieben television show Bullyparade.
 Inspector is a 1970 Bollywood action thriller about an Indian terrorist who attempts to release a poisonous gas into the atmosphere. Directed by Chand the film stars Helen and Joy Mukherjee.
 The Truth About Cats & Dogs is a 1996 American romantic comedy film starring Janeane Garofalo Uma Thurman Ben Chaplin and Jamie Foxx. It was directed by Michael Lehmann and written by Audrey Wells. The original music score was composed by Howard Shore. The film is a romantic comedy in the style of Cyrano de Bergerac where two women date the same man and it puts tension on their estranged friendship.
 Daivanamathil is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj. Aryadan Shaukath is the producer. Playing the lead are upcoming stars Prithwiraj and Bhavana. The film is based on a Muslim story and throws light on the Babri Masjid demolition in December 1992 which had its repercussions on Kerala Muslims. Bhavana received a State Award for best character actress for this film.
 The Old Curiosity Shop is a 1984 Australian animated film based on the novel by Charles Dickens. It was made by Burbank Films who produced a number of animated films based on classic novels.
 Not of this World or Fuori Dal Mondo is an Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni. The translation for Fuori Dal Mondo is outside from the world.
 Bill Bergson and the White Rose Rescue (original Swedish title: Mästerdetektiven och Rasmus) is a 1953 Swedish film. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Astrid Lindgren.
 Phantom Thunderbolt is a 1933 American film directed by Alan James.
 The Voice of Conscience is a 1912 American silent short drama starring Florence La Badie and Jean Darnell.
 Muthal Vasantham is a Tamil language film starring Sathyaraj Pandiyan Malaysia Vasudevan Ramya Krishnan Chandrasekhar.
 The Millionaire Kid is a 1936 B grade sound film produced and released by Reliable Pictures with former silent stars Bryant Washburn and Betty Compson in the leads and with several other familiar silent personalities in supporting roles.
 La Femme de nulle part (The Woman from Nowhere) is a 1922 French film directed by Louis Delluc.
 For the animal see DugongDuyung (translation: Mermaid) is a Malaysian fantasy comedy film that was released on March 6 2008. The film is directed by A. Razak Mohaideen and produced by KRU Films (now known as KRU Studios) in association with Grand Brilliance Sdn Bhd and Line Clear Motion Pictures. It stars Saiful Apek as a kind-hearted man who encounters a mermaid portrayed by Maya Karin.
 Izbavitelj is a 1976 Croatian horror Sci-Fi film directed by Krsto Papić. It was released in 1976 but won Best Film at the 1982 Fantasporto. The film was selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 49th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.In 1999 a poll of Croatian film critics found it to be one of the best Croatian films ever made.
 Ta Khar Ta Yan Hni A Chit The Ei Tho Phit Tat The is a 2004 Burmese romantic drama film directed by Malekha Soe Htike Aung.
 The Two of Us (French: Le vieil homme et l'enfant) is a 1967 French film. It starred Michel Simon Charles Denner and Alain Cohen and was the first film Claude Berri directed. The film was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival where Michel Simon won the Silver Bear for Best Actor award.
 Split: A Divided America is a documentary film about partisan divides in American society.
 Popcorn is a 1991 American horror film directed by Mark Herrier and written by Alan Ormsby.
 The Ghost and Mrs. Muir (1947) is a romantic fantasy film starring Gene Tierney and Rex Harrison. It is based on a 1945 novel written by Josephine Leslie under the pseudonym of R. A. Dick. In 1945 20th Century Fox bought the film rights to the novel which had been published only in the United Kingdom at that time. It was shot entirely in California.
 Anari is a 1975 Bollywood romance film directed by Asit Sen.
 Shifting Gears: A Bisexual Transmission (or more simply Shifting Gears) is a controversial GayVN Award winning bisexual pornographic film written and directed by Chi Chi LaRue and released by Channel 1 Releasing in 2008.
 The Night They Saved Christmas is a 1984 RHI Entertainment Christmas film executive produced by Robert Halmi Senior and Junior; and originally developed for ABC. The film is about an oil company dynamiting in the North Pole in search of an oil field unaware that they are endangering Santa Claus. The movie stars Jaclyn Smith and Art Carney.
 Apartment for Ladies or Nu zi gong yu is a 1970 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Umetsugu Inoue. It was produced by Run Run Shaw of Shaw Brothers Studio.
 Crashout is a 1955 black-and-white film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster. The film features William Bendix Arthur Kennedy Luther Adler and William Talman.
 Never Ending Story (Hangul: 네버엔딩 스토리; RR: Ne-beo-en-ding-seu-to-ri) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Jung Yong-joo. Uhm Tae-woong and Jung Ryeo-won star as a mismatched couple who meet at a hospital where they have both been diagnosed with terminal illnesses and decide to spend the rest of their lives together.
 The Unidentified is a 2008 drama film by writer-director Kevan Tucker in his directorial debut for Floodgate Features. It won Best New Director at the 2008 Brooklyn International Film Festival and Best First Feature at the 2008 FirstGlance Film Festival in Philadelphia. It also screened at the Asheville Film Festival and Methodfest Film Festival in 2008 and is available on DVD through Vanguard Cinema.
 Plastic is a British action comedy-crime film directed by Julian Gilbey and co-written by Will Gilbey and Chris Howard. The film stars Ed Speleers Will Poulter Alfie Allen Sebastian de Souza and Emma Rigby.
 Ek Nari Do Roop is a 1973 Bollywood drama film. The film stars Roopesh Kumar Nadira and Shatrughan Sinha. The movie has a very famous song Dil ka soona saaz tarana dhundega.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Legend Called Buri Buri 3 Minutes Charge (クレヨンしんちゃん 伝説を呼ぶブリブリ 3分ポッキリ大進撃 Kureyon Shinchan: Densetsu o Yobu Buriburi: Sanpun Bokkiri Daishingeki) is a 2005 anime film. It is the 13th film based on the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan. The film was released to theatres on April 16 2005 in Japan.The film was produced by Shin-Ei Animation the studio behind the TV anime. It was later released on DVD in Japan on November 25 2005.
 One Away is a 1976 American action film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Patrick Mower Bradford Dillman Roberta Durrant and Elke Sommer. Two brothers help their brother escape from a South African jail sparking a manhunt.
 Save a Little Sunshine is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Dave Willis Patricia Kirkwood and Tommy Trinder. After he is sacked from his job a man buys a share in a hotel.
 The Railrodder is a 1965 short comedy film starring Buster Keaton in one of his final film roles directed by Gerald Potterton and produced by the National Film Board of Canada. A 25-minute comedic travelogue of Canada The Railrodder was also Keaton's final silent film as the film contains no dialogue and all sound effects are overdubbed.
 Aaj Kie Aurat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1993 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
 Bhagavat (1982) is a Hindi language film starring Dharmendra Amjad Khan Hema Malini and Reena Roy. The film is directed by Ramanand Sagar. It became a semi-hit at the box office.
 The Railroad Builder is a 1911 American silent short drama film. The film starred William Garwood Marguerite Snow and William Russell.
 Mattuthavani is a 2012 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by Pavithran. The film stars Ramkiran and Menaka in the lead roles whilst Vimal and Soori appear in supporting roles with music composed by Deva.
 Khoj is a 1971 Hindi drama film directed by Jugal Kishore. The film stars Farida Jalal Shatrughan Sinha and Deepak Kumar.
 Solomon Northup's Odyssey reissued as Half Slave Half Free is a 1984 American television film based on the autobiography Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup a free black man who was kidnapped and sold into slavery. The film which aired on PBS was directed by Gordon Parks with Avery Brooks starring as the titular character. It was the second film to be funded by the National Endowment for the Humanities following Denmark Vesey's Rebellion in 1982.
 The Sign of the Ram is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Sturges and written by Charles Bennett based on a novel written by Margaret Ferguson. The drama features Susan Peters and Alexander Knox among others.
 There's Always a Woman is a 1938 comedy mystery film starring Joan Blondell and Melvyn Douglas as married detectives investigating a murder. The movie was based on the short story of the same name by Wilson Collison and the supporting cast includes Mary Astor.
 Annadha Shilpangal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Striped Trip (Russian: Полосатый рейс) is a 1961 Soviet comedy film directed by Vladimir Fetin.
 Chhota Bheem: Dholakpur to Kathmandu is an Indian animated movie produced by Green Gold Animations. It is the eighth movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time - 70 mins. FICCI - BAF AWARD 2013 has awarded this film for ANIMATION FILM DIRECT-TO-VIDEO (HOME VIDEO).
 Money Money is a 1995 Telugu film directed by Siva Nageswara Rao. The film was produced by Ram Gopal Varma. The film is the sequel to the 1993 Telugu movie Money. A sequel to the film Money Money More Money was released in 2011.
 Hum Se Na Takrana is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film procuced and directed by Deepak Bahry starring Dharmendra Shatrughan Sinha Mithun Chakraborty Kimi Katkar Leena Das Ranjeet and Master Bhagwan
 No One Lives is a 2012 American horror film directed by Ryuhei Kitamura. It stars Luke Evans Adelaide Clemens Derek Magyar America Olivo Lindsey Shaw Lee Tergesen and Brodus Clay. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 8 2012 and had a limited release on May 10 2013.
 Broken Rainbow is a 1985 documentary film about the government-enforced relocation of thousands of Navajo Native Americans from their ancestral homes in Arizona. The Navajo were relocated to aid mining speculation in a process that began in the 1970s and continues to this day. The film is narrated by Martin Sheen. The title song was written by Laura Nyro the theme music was composed by Paul Apodaca with other original music by Rick Krizman and Fred Myrow.
 Sons and Lovers is a 1960 British film adaptation of the D. H. Lawrence novel of the same name. It was adapted by T. E. B. Clarke and Gavin Lambert directed by Jack Cardiff. and stars Trevor Howard Dean Stockwell Wendy Hiller Mary Ure William Lucas and Donald Pleasence. The film won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography (Freddie Francis) and received nominations in six additional categories and was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Devil with Hitler is a 1942 comedy short propaganda film that was one of Hal Roach's Streamliners. When the board of directors of Hell want Adolf Hitler to take charge the Devil tries to save his job by making the German dictator perform a good deed. It is also known as Hitler's Valet.
 Dr. Kotnis ki Amar Kahani (Hindi: डॉक्टर कोटनिस की अमर कहानी; English: The eternal tale of Dr. Kotnis) is a 1946 Indian film made in Hindi as well as English and directed by V. Shantaram. The English version was titled The Journey of Dr. Kotnis. Both versions starred V. Shantaram in the title role of Dr. Kotnis. The film is based on the life of Dwarkanath Kotnis an Indian doctor who worked in China during the Japanese invasion in World War II.
 Eddie Macon's Run is a 1983 film based on the 1980 novel by James McLendon it stars Kirk Douglas John Schneider and John Goodman in his film debut.
 On the Bowery is a 1956 American docufiction film directed by Lionel Rogosin. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.After the Second World War Lionel Rogosin made a vow to fight fascism and racism wherever he found it. In 1954 he left the family business (Beaunit Mills-American Rayon Corp.) in order to make films in accordance with his ideals.
 Ciulinii Bărăganului (The Thistles of the Bărăgan; French: Les Chardons du Baragan) is a 1958 Franco-Romanian film directed by Louis Daquin and Gheorghe Vitanidis based on a novel of the same title by Panait Istrati.The film was nominated for the Golden Palm award at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Heroic Trio (Dung fong saam hap TC: 東方三俠 pinyin: dōng fāng sān xiá) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Johnny To starring Michelle Yeoh Maggie Cheung and Anita Mui as the titular trio. Other cast include Damian Lau Anthony Wong Chau-Sang Paul Chun James Pak and Yan Yee Kwan. The main characters of the film are reunited in a sequel another 1993 film Executioners.
 Gothic is a 1986 British horror film directed by Ken Russell starring Gabriel Byrne as Lord Byron Julian Sands as Percy Bysshe Shelley Natasha Richardson as Mary Shelley Myriam Cyr as Claire Clairmont – Mary Shelley's half-sister – and Timothy Spall as Dr John William Polidori. It features a soundtrack by Thomas Dolby and marks Richardson's film debut.The film is a fictionalized tale based on the Shelleys' visit with Lord Byron in Villa Diodati by Lake Geneva shot in Gaddesden Place.
 Rocketship X-M (also known as Expedition Moon and originally as Rocketship XM-1) is a 1950 American black and white science fiction film the first outer space adventure of the post-World War II era.
 A Child Is Waiting is a 1963 American drama film written by Abby Mann and directed by John Cassavetes. Burt Lancaster portrays the director of a state institution for mentally handicapped and emotionally disturbed children and Judy Garland is a new teacher who challenges his methods.
 Kaun? (Hindi: कौन English: Who's There?) is a 1999 Hindi suspense thriller directed by Ram Gopal Verma written by Anurag Kashyap and starring Urmila Matondkar Manoj Bajpai and Sushant Singh. The film features a man claiming to be a white collar worker (Bajpai) and another man claiming to be a police inspector (Singh) both attempting to get into the house of a young woman (Matondkar). The film is considered one of the finest works from the combo Ramgopal Varma and Urmila Matondkar.
 Omar (Arabic: عمر‎) is a 2013 Palestinian drama film directed by Hany Abu-Assad. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Prize. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film has been selected as the Palestinian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards and was nominated. It also won Best Feature Film at the 2013 Asian Pacific Screen Awards.
 Speed Angels (Chinese:极速天使) is a 2011 Chinese action film directed by Jingle Ma.
 Giovani belle... probabilmente ricche is a 1982 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini and starring Carmen Russo and Nadia Cassini most prominent stars of the genre in the early 1980s with Olinka Hardiman (credited as Olinka Link).
 Canta mi corazón (My Heart Sings) is a 1964 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Asli-Naqli (English: Real And Fake) is a 1962 Hindi movie produced by L.B Lachman and L.B Thakur. The film is directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and stars Dev Anand Sadhana Shivdasani Leela Chitnis Anwar Hussain Sandhya Roy and Keshto Mukherjee. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan and lyrics by Hasrat Jaipuri. The film became a box office hit.[1]
 Watermarks is a 2004 documentary co-written and directed by Yaron Zilberman in his directorial debut that features women from the Viennese Hakoah swim team during the rise of fascism in 1930's Austria. The film describes the women's success as athletes leading up to the Anschluss of 1938 when the swimmers fled Austria to disparate locations in Palestine England and the United States.
 Machine Gun Preacher is an action biopic about Sam Childers a former gang biker turned preacher and defender of African orphans. The movie released in 2011 by Relativity Media was based on Childers' book Another Man's War.
 Baron Blood (original title: Gli orrori del castello di Norimberga) is a 1972 horror film directed by Mario Bava. It is one of Bava's least critically popular films.
 Ballerina (German: Rosen für Bettina) is a 1956 West German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
 Mr. Cinema also known as Call Me Left (老港正傳) is a 2007 Hong Kong film starring Anthony Wong Teresa Mo Ronald Cheng and Karen Mok.
 Or Iravu (Tamil: ஓர் இரவு; English: One Night) is a 1951 Tamil film produced by AVM Productions. It was based on the play of the same name written by C. N. Annadurai (later chief minister of Tamil Nadu).
 Love Serenade is a 1996 Australian feature film directed by Shirley Barrett. It is a comedy film which has the tagline: Two sisters will do anything to hook the right man.There are not many characters in Love Serenade which is set in a fictitious almost-deserted town called Sunray located on the Murray River.
 Into the Night is a 1985 American comedy-thriller film directed by John Landis starring Jeff Goldblum and Michelle Pfeiffer. The film is notable for a large number of cameo appearances made by various filmmakers and directors including Landis himself. The soundtrack features the songs Into the Night In the Midnight Hour and Lucille performed by B.B.
 Teesri Manzil (English: Third Storey) is a 1966 Bollywood thriller directed by Vijay Anand and produced by Nasir Hussain. It starred his regular actors Shammi Kapoor and Asha Parekh along with Nazima Premnath Prem Chopra Iftekhar Helen K. N. Singh and Salim Khan. The film became a hit at the box office.Indiatimes Movies ranks the movie amongst the Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films.The film's DVD & VCD versions run for 145 minutes while the theatre version ran for 175 minutes.
 The Other Woman is a 2014 American romantic comedy film directed by Nick Cassavetes and written by Melissa Stack. The film stars Cameron Diaz Leslie Mann Kate Upton Nikolaj Coster-Waldau Nicki Minaj and Taylor Kinney. It was released on April 25 2014.The film was distributed internationally by 20th Century Fox a subsidiary of the newly formed 21st Century Fox after the disbandment of News Corporation. The film topped the US box office on its first day of release.
 Kairasikkaran is a 1984 Tamil Indian feature film directed by SSK Shankar for SKS Films. The film stars Prabhu Ganesan and Radha in the lead roles.
 The George McKenna Story is a 1986 television film directed by Eric Laneuville. It stars Denzel Washington and Lynn Whitfield.
 Sister Street Fighter (女必殺拳 Onna Hissatsu Ken UK title: Revenge of the Dragon) is a spin off of The Street Fighter (1974). The plot revolves around Lǐ Hóng-Lóng (李紅竜 Li Kōryū) the female martial artist of the title. When her brother Lǐ Wàn-Qīng is kidnapped by drug lords she seeks revenge. The drug lord's colorful collection of killers includes a toga-clad group of Thai Boxers called the Amazons Seven along with representatives of almost every martial art.
 No Man of Her Own is a 1950 drama directed by Mitchell Leisen and featuring Barbara Stanwyck John Lund Phyllis Thaxter Jane Cowl and Lyle Bettger.It was the second film she made with director Mitchell Leisen and it was based on the Cornell Woolrich novel I Married a Dead Man. Woolrich is credited as William Irish in the film's opening credits.
 Baptism of Blood (Portuguese: Batismo de Sangue) is a 2006 Brazilian film directed by Helvécio Ratton based on Frei Betto's book of the same name. Starring Caio Blat and Daniel de Oliveira as Frei Tito and Betto respectively follows the Dominican friars' resistance against Brazil's military dictatorship. It was first screened at the 39th Festival de Brasília where it won the Best Director and Best Cinematography awards.
 Cuban Fireball is a 1951 American musical film directed by William Beaudine and starring Estelita Rodriguez Warren Douglas and Mimi Aguglia. An employee at a Havana cigar factory discovers that she has been left some lucrative oil wells by a relative. She travels to Los Angeles to claim her inheritance.
 Aag (English: Fire) is a 1948 Bollywood film which is produced directed by and stars Raj Kapoor. The film marked the debut of Raj Kapoor as producer and director and was the first film produced by his R.K. Banner. Nargis Premnath Nigar Sultana and Kamini Kaushal also starred in supporting roles. Raj Kapoor's youngest brother Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child artist in this film playing the younger version of his character (Kewal).
 12 to the Moon is a 1960 science fiction film depicting a moon landing by an international crew. They encounter hostile aliens.It was featured on a 1994 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 Superstar is a 2008 Bollywood film directed by Rohit Jugraj starring Kunal Khemu in a double-role opposite Tulip Joshi.
 The Last Ones Shall Be First (German: Die Letzten werden die Ersten sein) is a 1957 West German crime film directed by Rolf Hansen. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Kitty is a 1945 film a fictional costume drama set in London during the 1780s directed by Mitchell Leisen based on the novel of the same name by Rosamond Marshall (published in 1943) with a screenplay by Karl Tunberg. It stars Paulette Goddard Ray Milland Constance Collier (in a witty performance) Patric Knowles Reginald Owen and Cecil Kellaway as the English painter Thomas Gainsborough. Another major artist depicted is Sir Joshua Reynolds played by Gordon Richards.
 The Invisible Woman is an American science fiction comedy film that was released near the end of 1940 by Universal. It is the third 'Invisible' film following Invisible Man and The Invisible Man Returns which had been released earlier in the year. It was more of a screwball comedy than other films in the series.
 Wrzos (The Heather) is a 1938 Polish melodrama film directed by Juliusz Gardan. It is based on the novel by Maria Rodziewiczówna.
 Uttar Falguni was a 1963 Bengali drama film directed by Asit Sen starring Suchitra Sen in a double role Bikash Roy and Dilip Mukherjee.At the 11th National Film Awards the film was awarded National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali. The film was remade by director Asit Sen himself in Hindi as Mamta (1966) again with Suchitra Sen as the lead.
 Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid (アンデルセン童話 にんぎょ姫 Anderusen Dōwa Ningyo hime lit. Andersen's Fairy Tales: Princess Mermaid) is a Japanese anime film based on Hans Christian Andersen's eponymous fairy tale released in 1975 by Toei Animation. Unlike the later Walt Disney Pictures animated film adaptation released 14 years later this film is closer to Andersen's original story notably in its preservation of the original tragic ending.
 The Way Steel Was Tempered (Serbian: Tako se kalio čelik) is a 1988 Yugoslav film directed by Serbian director Želimir Žilnik. It was nominated for a Golden St. George award at the 16th Moscow International Film Festival and has been screened at festivals worldwide such as the Toronto International Film Festival. It was also shown at the Pyongyang Film Festival which frequently showed movies from non-aligned countries.
 Kirpaan: The Sword of Honour is an upcoming Punjabi directed by Amrik Gill Produced by Rajinder Pal Singh Banwait. The story starts from 1850then 1940 and come in the period of 2013. The film released on 7 February 2014.
 Under Two Flags is a 1936 American adventure romance film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Ronald Colman Claudette Colbert and Victor McLaglen. It was based on the 19th century novel of the same name by the writer Ouida. The film has portions of action and melodrama and was widely popular with audiences of its time.The novel was previously adapted for the screen in 1912 1916 and 1922.
 Wings of Glass (Swedish: Vingar av glas) is a 2000 Swedish drama film directed by Reza Bagher. The lead roles are played by Alexander Skarsgård and Sara Sommerfeld. The film was entered into the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Sea Wolf is a 1941 American black-and-white film adaptation of Jack London's novel The Sea Wolf with Edward G. Robinson Ida Lupino and John Garfield. The film was written by Robert Rossen and directed by Michael Curtiz.The Sea Wolf has several connections to the city of London Ontario aside from the source author's surname. Producer Jack Warner and cast member Gene Lockhart were both born in the city and cast member Alexander Knox attended university there.
 Snushanerne is a 1936 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Graveyard Alive: A Zombie Nurse in Love is an independent zombie horror/comedy directed by Elza Kephart. The film is in black and white and it is dubbed. The film had its U.S. premiere at the 2004 Slamdance festival in Park City Utah and won best Cinematography.The movie was made by Bastard Amber Productions and it was filmed in Montreal Quebec Canada. The movie was featured in Nightmare in Canada: Canadian Horror on Film (2004) (Doc)
 Ladybug Ladybug is a 1963 American motion picture directed by Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Frank Perry. The film is a commentary on the psychological effects of the Cold War the title deriving from the classic nursery rhyme. It is also the motion picture debut for both William Daniels and Estelle Parsons.
 Rudhramadevi is an upcoming first Indian 3D historic film simultaneously being produced in Telugu and Tamil languages. The film is directed by Gunasekhar and stars Anushka Shetty Rana Daggubati in the lead roles with Prakash Raj and Krishnam Raju in supporting roles. Anushka will be seen as Rudrama Devi the 13th century revered queen of the Kakatiya dynasty. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Ilaiyaraaja and the art direction is handled by Thotta Tharani.
 Dead Man's Cards is a 2006 British underworld drama starring Paul Barber and James McMartin. When Tom (James McMartin) suffers a bad eye injury his boxing career comes to an end and his marriage begins to suffer.
 Cinderella is an upcoming American romantic fantasy film directed by Kenneth Branagh and written by Aline Brosh McKenna and Chris Weitz. Produced by David Barron and Simon Kinberg for Walt Disney Pictures the film is based on the fairy tale Cinderella by Charles Perrault and is also a live-action re-imagining of the 1950 Disney animated film. Lily James is starring as Cinderella with Cate Blanchett playing Lady Tremaine. The film is scheduled to be released on March 13 2015.
 Carried Away (also known as Acts of Love) is a 1996 American English language film directed by Brazilian Bruno Barreto. It is based on the novel Farmer by Jim Harrison.The film stars Dennis Hopper Amy Irving (Barreto's then wife) Gary Busey and Amy Locane. The tagline reads No love is safe from desire.
 Shaolin Plot (Chinese: 四大門派) is a 1977 Hong Kong film directed by Huang Feng and featuring Sammo Hung in his first starring role and as action director. Huang had been Hung's mentor.
 Bootmen is a 2000 Australian comedy-drama film directed by Dein Perry. It was distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures in Canada and USA and 20th Century Fox Distribution in Australia and funded by the Australian Film Finance Corporation. Production was from 19 June to 18 August 1999 in Sydney and Newcastle by cinematographer Steve Mason who won two cinematography awards in the 2000 AFI awards and the 2001 FCCA Awards.
 Left Luggage is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Jeroen Krabbé.
 Terminal Entry is a 1986 science fiction film written by Mark Sobel and directed by John Kincade.
 Mami is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Anger Management is a 2003 American slapstick comedy film directed by Peter Segal written by David S. Dorfman and starring Adam Sandler and Jack Nicholson. It was produced by Revolution Studios in association with Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.When an annoying passenger causes Dave Buznik to lose his temper on an airline flight he is sentenced to anger management classes.
 Murder with Music is a 1941 American film directed by George P. Quigley.The film is also known as Mistaken Identity (American video title).
 Good Hair is a 2009 American comedy documentary film produced by Chris Rock Productions and HBO Films starring and narrated by comedian Chris Rock. Premiering at the Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2009 Good Hair was released to select theaters in the United States by Roadside Attractions on October 9 2009 opening across the country on October 23.The film focuses on the issue of how African-American women have perceived their hair and historically styled it.
 Sarah Connor Live in Concert – A Night to Remember: Pop Meets Classic is the first live DVD released by German pop star Sarah Connor. It was recorded live on January 24 2003 at Altes Kesselhaus in Düsseldorf Germany.There are three sets. The first set starts with 5 of Sarah's songs all performed in a bit of a classical way. The second set involves 4 of Sarah's more pop like tracks and more dancing.
 La Nuit américaine is a 1973 French film directed by François Truffaut. It stars Jacqueline Bisset and Jean-Pierre Léaud. In French nuit américaine (American night) is a technical process whereby sequences filmed outdoors in daylight are shot using tungsten (artificial light) or infrared film stock and underexposed (or dimmed during post production) to appear as if they are taking place at night.
 Give and Take is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Success at Any Price was a 1934 sound film starring former silent film actress Colleen Moore and Douglas Fairbanks Jr..
 Los Hijos de López is a 1980 Argentine film.
 Sone Yay (Burmese: စုန်ရေ; Downstream) is a 1990 Burmese drama film directed by Kyi Soe Tun.
 Invitation to the Waltz is a 1935 British black-and-white musical film directed by Paul Merzbach and starring Lilian Harvey Wendy Toye Carl Esmond and Ronald Shiner as the Street Vendor. It was based on a play by Eric Maschwitz. It was presented by British International Pictures and produced by Associated British Picture Corporation.
 Pareeksha is a 1968 Malayalam language film directed by P. Bhaskaran and starring Prem Nazir Sharada Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair Adoor Bhasi BhavaniT. R. Omana Kottayam SanthaP. J. Antony Latheef Panjabi T. R. Omana Khadeeja and Shobha.
 Everything in Life is a 1936 British musical film directed by J. Elder Wills and starring Gitta Alpar Neil Hamilton and Lawrence Grossmith. It was made at Highbury Studios. An opera singer pretends to be poor in order to romantically win over a composer.
 Eden and After (French: L'Eden et après Czech: Eden a potom...) is a 1970 French-Czechoslovak drama film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 El lunar de la familia (The Spot of the Family) is a 1952 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Cassava Metaphor is a 2010 film.
 The Uninvited also known as A Table for Four is a 2003 South Korean psychological horror film directed by Lee Su-yeon.
 Pourudu (Telugu: పౌరుడు) (English: Citizen) is a 2008 Telugu film released on Jan 13th 2008. Sumanth and Kajal Agarwal acted in the lead roles. The film was directed by Raaj Aditya and produced by Sumanth's sister Supriya under the Annapurna Studios banner. The music was by Manisharma.It was a commercial success at the box office having a run of over a hundred days in some theatres.It was dubbed into Hindi as Giraftaar and in Tamil as O
 Android is a 1982 science fiction film directed by Aaron Lipstadt and starring Don Keith Opper and Klaus Kinski. The film follows the story of a scientist and his assistant who are working on an illegal android program from their lab on a space station in orbit of the Earth.The film was voted Best Science Fiction Film in 1983 by The Age but has received a somewhat mixed reaction from critics.
 Footpads is an 1896 British short silent drama film directed by Robert W. Paul featuring a top-hatted pedestrian against a rainy London backdrop who is assaulted by three footpads and rescued by a passing policeman.
 State's Evidence is an independent film created in 2004 and released in 2006 directed by Benjamin Louis and starring Douglas Smith Alexa Vega Majandra Delfino Kris Lemche Cody McMains and Drew Tyler Bell.
 Kidnapped for Christ is a documentary film that details the experiences of several teenagers who were removed from their homes and sent to a behavior modification and ex-gay school in Jarabacoa Dominican Republic. The film was directed by Kate Logan. Tom DeSanto Lance Bass and Mike Manning are the executive producers.The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival in Park City Utah in January 2014.
 101 Dalmatians is a 1996 American family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Stephen Herek. It is the second adaptation of Dodie Smith's 1956 novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians produced by Walt Disney Pictures following the 1961 animated film of the same name. The film stars Glenn Close as the iconic villainess Cruella de Vil and Jeff Daniels as Roger the owner of the 101 dalmatians.
 The Perfect Husband: The Laci Peterson Story is a 2004 TV movie based on the life of Laci Peterson that stars Dean Cain Sarah Brown Tracy Middendorf and Tom O'Brien.
 Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras: Resurrection) is a 2007 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras. It has the distinction of being the first lucha film starring any of the Big 3 (Santo Blue Demon Mil Máscaras) to be produced in English.
 A Man Alone is a 1955 Western directed by and starring Ray Milland. The supporting cast includes Mary Murphy Ward Bond Raymond Burr Lee Van Cleef and Alan Hale Jr.. The story involves a man (Milland) who stumbles into the aftermath of a stagecoach robbery in the desert in which there were no survivors.
 Fantasm Comes Again is a 1977 soft core pornographic film from Australia. It was a sequel to Fantasm (1976) and was the first feature directed by Colin Eggleston.
 Sofia is a 1987 Argentine drama film directed by Alejandro Doria. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Make Me an Offer is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Peter Finch as an antique dealer.
 Se Eu Fosse Você (English: If I Were You) is a 2006 Brazilian comedy film directed by Daniel Filho.The film was a box office success having the largest audience of a Brazilian film in 2006. It was followed by a sequel Se Eu Fosse Você 2 (2009).
 Pieces Of Dreams (1970) is a drama film produced in the United States. It was directed by Daniel Haller and is based on a novel entitled The Wine And The Music by William Edmund Barrett. The story follows the internal struggle of Father Gregory Lind Catholic priest who falls in love and starts to question his relationship with the Church.
 Blood Debts (1983) is a Philippines action movie directed by Teddy Page starring Richard Harrison.
 Glue or Glue - Historia adolescente en medio de la nada is a 2006 Argentine film written and directed by Alexis Dos Santos.
 Cinema 500 km (Arabic: السينما 500 كم‎) is a Saudi Arabian documentary film which premiered in 2006. Directed by Abdullah Al-Eyaf the film depicts the experiences of Tariq Al-Husaini a 21-year-old Saudi who is a movie fan despite the fact that there are no cinemas in Saudi Arabia (motion pictures are available on home video only).
 Twins of Evil is a 1971 horror film by Hammer Film Productions starring Peter Cushing with Damien Thomas and the real-life twins and former Playboy Playmates Mary and Madeleine Collinson.It is the third film of The Karnstein Trilogy based on the vampire tale Carmilla by Sheridan Le Fanu. The film has the least resemblance to the novel and adds a witchfinding theme to the vampire story.
 Inside Nazi Germany is a 1938 short documentary film directed by Jack Glenn. It is an episode of the newsreel series The March of Time.In 1993 Inside Nazi Germany was deemed culturally significant by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
 Dharam-Jeet is an Indian Punjabi movie released 1975.
 Safe Harbor is a 2009 television film based on a true story starring Treat Williams and Nancy Travis. The film first aired on Hallmark Channel on May 30 2009.
 Roadside Ambanis (English: Roadside Entrepreneurs) is an Indian live action short film. The film's run time is approximately 19 minutes. It was written and directed by first-timer Kamal Sethu and produced by Grape Pictures.
 The Record of Nobita: Spaceblazer (のび太の宇宙開拓史 Nobita no Uchū Kaitakushi) is a 1981 animated film based on the popular manga and anime series Doraemon. It was released in 1981. The movie was released in Japan 14 March 1981. In 2009 the film was remade as Doraemon: The New Record of Nobita: Spaceblazer.
 Rivers and Tides is a 2001 documentary directed by Thomas Riedelsheimer about the British artist Andy Goldsworthy who creates intricate and ephemeral sculptures from natural materials such as rocks leaves flowers and icicles. The music was composed and performed by Fred Frith and was released on a soundtrack Rivers and Tides (2003).The film received a number of awards including the ‘Best Documentary’ awards of the San Diego Film Critics Society and the San Francisco Film Critics Circle.
 The Guillotines is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Andrew Lau starring Huang Xiaoming Ethan Juan Shawn Yue Li Yuchun and Jing Boran.
 Finders Keepers is a 1984 comedy film directed by Richard Lester and starring Michael O'Keefe Beverly D'Angelo and Jim Carrey.
 In the Face of Demolition (危樓春曉) is a 1953 Hong Kong film directed by Li Tie.
 The Lady is Willing is a 1942 Columbia Pictures screwball comedy film starring Marlene Dietrich and Fred MacMurray directed by Mitchell Leisen.
 Stepping Out is a 1991 American musical comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert written by Richard Harris based on a play also written by Harris and starring Liza Minnelli.Most of the actors are Broadway-level actors and performers several of whom have won Tony Awards specifically Minnelli Krakowski Martin Irwin and Greene (nominee). Winters and Minnelli are Academy Award winners and Walters is an Academy Award nominee as well as being a BAFTA and Golden Globe Award winner.
 Life and Death in Flanders (Dutch: Leven en dood op het land) is a 1963 Belgian drama film directed by Emile Degelin. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tutti Frutti is a BBC Scotland six part drama series transmitted in 1987 and written by John Byrne. It starred Robbie Coltrane Emma Thompson Maurice Roëves Richard Wilson and Katy Murphy. It brought many of the cast to national prominence.
 Faithless (Swedish: Trolösa) is a Swedish film directed by Liv Ullman from a script by Ingmar Bergman. The story is loosely based on experiences of adultery from Bergman's own life. It was entered into the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Story of the Kelly Gang is a 1906 Australian film that traces the life of the legendary infamous outlaw and bushranger Ned Kelly (1855–1880). It was written and directed by Charles Tait. The film ran for more than an hour and at that time was the longest narrative film yet seen in the world. Its approximate reel length was 4000 feet (1200 m).
 Serious as Pleasure (French: Sérieux comme le plaisir) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Robert Benayoun.
 Sugar & Spice is a 2001 American teen crime comedy film directed by Francine McDougall and starring Marley Shelton Marla Sokoloff Mena Suvari James Marsden and Melissa George. The plot follows a group of high school cheerleaders who conspire and commit armed robbery when one of them becomes pregnant and desperate for income.
 Butterfly on a Wheel (US: Shattered Europe: Desperate Hours) is a 2007 British–Canadian thriller film directed by Mike Barker co-produced and written by William Morrissey and starring Pierce Brosnan Gerard Butler and Maria Bello.
 Master Harold...and the Boys is a 2010 film which is based on the original theatre play of the same name by Athol Fugard directed by director Lonny Price. The cast includes Freddie Highmore and Ving Rhames with the release to be set in 2010.
 Muqabala is a 1942 Bollywood film directed by Nanabhai Bhatt and Babubhai Mistri starring starring Fearless Nadia and Agha
 The Red Beret (retitled Paratrooper for the US release) is a 1953 British war film directed by Terence Young and starring Alan Ladd Leo Genn and Susan Stephen. It is the fictitious story about an American who enlists in the British Parachute Regiment in 1940 claiming to be a Canadian. It is notable as the first film made by Irving Allen's and Albert R. Broccoli's Warwick Films with many of the crew later working on various films for Warwick Films and Broccoli's Eon Productions.
 Her Official Fathers is an American silent film released in 1917 and co-directed by Elmer Clifton and Joseph Henabery. The film was produced as a starring vehicle for Dorothy Gish she may have directed some parts of the film.Her Official Fathers was never registered for copyright and is technically in the public domain. It is thought to be lost.
 Money Isn't Everything is a 1925 British silent romance film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Olive Sloane Lewis Gilbert and Gladys Hamer. The film was made at Cricklewood Studios by Stoll Pictures and was based on a novel by Susan Cole.
 The Magic Machines is a 1969 American short documentary film directed by Bob Curtis. It won an Academy Award in 1970 for Best Short Subject and was nominated for Best Documentary Short.
 La Confusion des Genres (Confusion of Genders) is a 2000 film starring Pascal Greggory. It was directed by Ilan Duran Cohen.Two actors of this film were nominated at the César Awards 2001: Pascal Greggory for Best Actor – Leading Role and Cyrille Thouvenin for Most Promising Actor.
 Boys Love (ボーイズ ラブ Bōizu Rabu) refers to two Japanese films both directed by Kōtarō Terauchi and both starring Yoshikazu Kotani. The films are inspired by women's boys' love manga and anime. The story has also been adapted into a manga by shōjo manga artist Kaim Tachibana. The manga is also entitled Boys LoveThe first film titled simply Boys Love was released directly to DVD on November 24 2006.
 Camp Stories is an independent comedy film written and directed by Herbert Beigel that takes a comic look at a Jewish summer camp in the 1950s. The film was released on April 18 1997 in the United States
 The Front Line (Italian: La prima linea) is a 2009 Italian crime-drama film directed by Renato De Maria. It is based on the memoirs of the Prima Linea terrorist Sergio Segio.
 Behind the Mask is a 1932 crime film directed by John Francis Dillon starring Jack Holt and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Why Is the Crow Black-Coated (Chinese: 乌鸦为什么是黑的) is the first Chinese animation in color produced at the Shanghai Animation Film Studio by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan.
 Kandha Kadamba Kathir Vela is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 Ti ho cercata in tutti i necrologi (I've been looking for you in all the obituaries) is an English/Italian dramatic film directed by Giancarlo Giannini. Its English title is The Gambler Who Wouldn't Die.Nikita a man who despises his own life is offered as quarry to experienced hunters. His struggle for survival leads him to understand the true value of life survival and redemption. While he is hunted he knows and loves the elusive Helena.
 Punnagai Poove (Tamil: புன்னகை பூவே ; English: Smiling Flower) is a 2003 Tamil romantic drama film directed by D. Sabapathy of VIP and written by R. N. R. Manohar director of Maasilamani starring Nandhaa of Mounam Pesiyadhe fame newcomer Rekha Vedavyas and Kaveri in lead and the likes of Vadivelu Senthil and renowned music composer M. S.
 ...Maybe This Time is a 1980 Australian feature film starring Judy Morris. It was the first feature directed by Chris McGill.It was the feature film debut of stage actor Jill Perryman.
 Peep World is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Barry W. Blaustein and starring an ensemble cast including Ron Rifkin Lesley Ann Warren Ben Schwartz Michael C. Hall Sarah Silverman Rainn Wilson Kate Mara Judy Greer Stephen Tobolowsky Taraji P. Henson and Alicia Witt.
 Snow and Ashes (French: Neige et cendres) is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Charles-Olivier Michaud. It follows the story of Blaise and David two war correspondents covering an unnamed conflict in eastern Europe. It was awarded by the grand jury award for best narrative feature at the 2010 Slamdance Film Festival.
 Babul Ki Galiyaan is a 1972 Hindi film directed by S. D. Narang. The film stars Sanjay Khan Hema Malini and Shatrughan Sinha. The films music is by Ravi
 He's Way More Famous Than You is a 2013 comedy feature film written by and starring Halley Feiffer and Ryan Spahn and directed by Michael Urie who also costars. The film also stars Jesse Eisenberg Ben Stiller Mamie Gummer Ralph Macchio Vanessa Williams Tracee Chimo Austin Pendleton and Michael Chernus.
 The Forbidden Kingdom (Chinese: 功夫之王: Gong Fu Zhi Wang (Mandarin) or Gung Fu Ji Wong (Cantonese) and translated is King of Kung Fu (English); Working title: The J & J Project) is a 2008 Chinese-American martial arts film written by John Fusco and directed by Rob Minkoff and starring Jackie Chan and Jet Li. The film is loosely based on the novel Journey to the West it is the first film to star together two of the best known names in the martial arts film genre.
 Tora-san's Lovesick (男はつらいよ 寅次郎恋やつれ Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Koiyatsure) aka Tora-san's Lovesickness is a 1974 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Sayuri Yoshinaga as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Lovesick is the thirteenth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Brady Bunch Movie is a 1995 American comedy film based on the 1969–1974 television series The Brady Bunch. The film features all the original regular characters all played by new actors. It also took the unusual route of placing the original sitcom characters with their 1970s fashion sense and 1970s sitcom family morality in a contemporary 1990s setting and parodied the resulting culture clash.
 It's Your War Too is a 1944 short documentary film about the American Women's Army Corps and commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. It contains 1 minute of animation by the Walt Disney Studios.
 Prayashchit is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Kamal Majumdar.
 Oli Vilakku (Tamil: ஒளி விளக்கு English: Light lamp) is a 1968 Indian Tamil directed by Tapi Chanakya starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha R. S. Manohar Cho Ramaswamy Sowkar Janaki among others. This is M. G. Ramachandran's 100th movie. It is a remake of Hindi film Pool Aur Pathar (Ran 100 weeks in Hindi version) but this tamil movie ran 100 days in Tanjore and at Ceylon. But it was hugely successful minted money for the Gemini films.
 'Akkare Ninnoru Maran' (മലയാളം:അക്കരെ നിന്നൊരു മാരന്‍) is a Malayalam comedy film directed by Girish and released in 1985.
 Bill is an upcoming family adventure-comedy film from the principal performers behind UK children's TV series Horrible Histories and Yonderland. Produced by BBC Films Punk Cinema and Cowboy Films it is scheduled for release on 20 February 2015. The film is a fictional take on the young William Shakespeare's search for fame and fortune as written by Laurence Rickard and Ben Willbond and directed by Richard Bracewell. It will feature the six lead performers playing several different roles each.
 Life Just Is is an independent British feature film written and directed by Alex Barrett and starring Will De Meo Jack Gordon Nathaniel Martello-White Fiona Ryan Jayne Wisener and Paul Nicholls.
 Juliana is a 1988 film.
 Doraemon: Nobita's Great Adventure into the Underworld (ドラえもん のび太の魔界大冒険 Doraemon: Nobita no Makai Dai Bōken) is a feature-length Doraemon film which premiered on March 17 1984. The fifth in series it was the first to incorporate computer graphics technology.The movie was watched by 3300000 people and generated a revenue of 1630000000 yen.A remake was released on March 10 2007 entitled Doraemon: Nobita's New Great Adventure into the Underworld - The 7 Magic Users.
 Old Clothes is a 1925 American silent drama film starring Jackie Coogan and Joan Crawford. This was the first film in which Crawford was credited with her new name — Joan Crawford. She had been renamed by the studio who deemed her birth name Lucille LeSueur as sounding unfit for a movie star.
 The Sons of Katie Elder is a 1965 Technicolor Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring John Wayne and Dean Martin. The movie was filmed principally in Mexico.The film Four Brothers (2005) is loosely based on this story's depiction of brothers trying to atone for their sins to a saintly mother who has recently died.
 Squadra antitruffa is a 1977 Italian crime film directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring David Hemmings Tomas Milian and Anna Cardini. It is the third chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
 Rosewood is a 1997 film directed by John Singleton. While based on historic events of the 1923 Rosewood massacre in Florida the film introduces fictional characters and changes from historic accounts. It stars Ving Rhames as a man who travels to the town and becomes a witness. The supporting cast includes Don Cheadle as Sylvester who also becomes a witness to the riot and Jon Voight as a white store owner who lives in a village near Rosewood.
 EuroTrip is a 2004 American-European teen adventure comedy film directed by Jeff Schaffer written by Alec Berg David Mandel and Schaffer and starring Scott Mechlowicz Jacob Pitts Michelle Trachtenberg Travis Wester and Jessica Boehrs. The film follows an American teenager Scotty Scott Thomas (portrayed by Mechlowicz) who travels across Europe in search of his German pen pal Mieke (portrayed by Boehrs).
 Darkened Rooms is a 1929 American mystery film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and starring Evelyn Brent. This film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Into The Blue 2: The Reef is an American action film and a sequel to the 2005 film Into the Blue. It was directed by Stephen Herek and had a DVD release on April 21 2009. However it only shares similar themes and situations as Into the Blue and none of the cast from the original film return.
 Look Both Ways is a 2005 Australian independent film written and directed by Sarah Watt starring an ensemble cast which was released on 18 August 2005. The film was supported by the Adelaide Film Festival fund and opened the 2005 festival. It won four AFI Awards including Best Film and Best Direction. The film was selected as a film text by the Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority for the VCE English Course from 2007 to 2010.
 Premiere is a 1938 British mystery film directed by Walter Summers and starring John Lodge Judy Kelly Joan Marion Hugh Williams and Edward Chapman. A leading impresario is murdered shoftly after replacing his leading lady.
 Major Dundee is a 1965 Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Charlton Heston Richard Harris Jim Hutton and James Coburn. Written by Harry Julian Fink the film is about a Union cavalry officer who leads a contentious troop of Army regulars Confederate prisoners and scouts on an expedition into Mexico to destroy a band of Apaches who have been raiding United States bases in Texas. Major Dundee was filmed in various locations in Mexico.
 Tamatama (たまたま) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Mayumi Komatsu.
 Italian Secret Service (also known as Il nostro agente Natalino Tartufato) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini. For his performance in this film and in Il padre di famiglia Nino Manfredi was awarded with a Golden Plate at the 1968 Edition of David di Donatello.
 Del rosa al amarillo (English: From pink to yellow) is a 1963 Spanish comedy film. It was directed and written by Manuel Summers.The film's plot explores two love stories involving a young couple and an elderly couple.
 The Locked Door is a 1929 American drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rod LaRocque Barbara Stanwyck William Stage Boyd and Betty Bronson. The film is based on the play The Sign on the Door by Channing Pollock. The play was first adapted for the screen in 1921 as The Sign on the Door starring Norma Talmadge. The Locked Door was Barbara Stanwyck's second film appearance first starring role and first talking picture.
 The Quick and the Dead is a 1995 western film directed by Sam Raimi and starring Sharon Stone Gene Hackman Russell Crowe and Leonardo DiCaprio. The story focuses on The Lady (Stone) a gunfighter who rides into the frontier town of Redemption controlled by John Herod (Hackman).
 The Palm Beach Girl is a lost 1926 silent film romantic comedy starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Erle C. Kenton.
 Hard Boiled Sweets is a 2012 British crime drama film written and directed by David LG Hughes. It tells the story of a group of squabbling Essex gangsters. The cast includes two actors (Paul Freeman and Ian Hart) that had appeared in Hughes' earlier short film A Girl and a Gun from which this his first feature was developed.
 The Parasite is a 1925 silent film society-drama produced by B. P. Schulberg and distributed by Al Lichtman and Preferred Pictures. The film was based on a novel The Parasite by Helen Reimensnyder Martin. It starred Owen Moore Madge Bellamy and Mary Carr.
 Desk Set (released as His Other Woman in the UK) is a 1957 American romantic comedy film directed by Walter Lang and starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn. The screenplay was written by Phoebe Ephron and Henry Ephron from the play by William Marchant.
 Monkey Warfare is a 2006 Canadian drama film written and directed by Reginald Harkema starring Don McKellar Tracy Wright and Nadia Litz. The film received multiple awards at the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards 2006 and won Best Canadian Feature Film - Special Jury Citation at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Bedtime for Bonzo is a 1951 comedy film directed by Frederick de Cordova starring future U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Diana Lynn. It revolves around the attempts of the central character Psychology Professor Peter Boyd (Ronald Reagan) to teach human morals to a chimpanzee hoping to solve the nature versus nurture question.
 Artie Shaw: Time Is All You've Got is a 1986 documentary film about clarinetist Artie Shaw. It was written directed and narrated by Brigitte Berman. It won Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature tying with Down and Out in America.
 Light and the Sufferer is an American science-fiction film starring Paul Dano Paz de la Huerta Michael Esper and Paul D'Amato and directed by Christopher Peditto. It is based on a short story by Jonathan Lethem.The film is about two brothers who try to leave New York City for a new life in California only to find their plans and lives changed forever by the appearance of a mysterious alien.
 Champion Of Death (けんか空手 極真拳 Kenka karate kyokushinken literal translation: Fighting Karate-Ultimate Truth Fist) also known as Karate Bullfighter is a Japanese martial arts film made by the Toei Company in 1975.
 Waist Deep is a 2006 drama-action film directed by Vondie Curtis-Hall starring Tyrese Gibson and Meagan Good. It is loosely based on the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde including some similar subplots including the two main characters on the road trying to avoid police and committing bank robberies.
 Nanook of the North (also known as Nanook of the North: A Story Of Life and Love In the Actual Arctic) is a 1922 silent documentary film by Robert J. Flaherty contaminated by docudrama at a time when separating films into documentary and drama did not yet exist.In the tradition of what would later be called salvage ethnography Flaherty captured the struggles of the Inuk man named Nanook and his family in the Canadian Arctic. The film is considered the first feature-length documentary.
 Irish Luck is a 1925 silent film comedy-drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.Not a lost film survives at George Eastman House.
 The Smurfs and the Magic Flute (French: La Flûte à six schtroumpfs lit. The Flute of Six Smurfs) is a 1976 Belgian animated film starring the Smurfs directed by their creator Peyo. Though the film premiered in 1976 in Belgium and 1979 in the United Kingdom an English language version was not released in the United States until 1983 in the wake of the characters' newfound popularity.Although the Smurfs play a major part in the film they do not appear until 35 minutes into the film.
 Bheemaa is a 2008 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy. It stars Vikram Trisha Krishnan Prakash Raj and Raghuvaran. The film score was by composer Harris Jayaraj shot by cinematographer R. D. Rajasekhar and edited by Anthony. The film was released on 14 January 2008 after two years of production delays to mixed reviews. The release coincides with the Thai Pongal harvest festival in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 Der Prozeß wird vertagt is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 A.F.R.I.K.A. (Hangul: 아프리카; RR: Apeurika) is a 2002 South Korean film in the action comedy genre directed by Shin Seung-soo and starring Lee Yo-won Kim Min-sun Lee Young-jin and Jo Eun-ji. The film's title is an acronym for Adoring Four Revolutionary Idols Korean Association.
 Sweet Marie was a 1925 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff starring Sid Smith.
 Unfolding Florence: The Many Lives of Florence Broadhurst also known as A Colourful Life is a 2006 documentary/drama based on the life of Florence Broadhurst. Starring Felicity Price the film was written by Katherine Thomson and directed by Gillian Armstrong. The Australian documentary includes interviews with friends family members and employees who knew Florence Broadhurst before her mysterious death in 1977.
 The Christmas Tree is a 1991 Brazilian-American animated Christmas special directed by Flamarion Ferreira and written by Nels Christianson.
 Con Air is a 1997 American action film directed by Simon West and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer producer of The Rock. It stars Nicolas Cage John Cusack Colm Meaney and John Malkovich. The film borrows its title from the nickname of the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System.
 Anwar is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film written and directed by Amal Neerad starring Prithviraj in the title role. The film was released on 15 October 2010. A Tamil dubbed version of the film was released on 19 January 2011 at 150 centres across Tamil Nadu. The film is loosely based on the 2008 American spy thriller film Traitor.
 Anne of Green Gables is a 1934 film directed by George Nichols Jr. based upon the novel Anne of Green Gables by Lucy Maud Montgomery. The actress who portrayed Anne Shirley Dawn O'Day changed her stage name to Anne Shirley after making this film.This modest film became a surprise hit in 1934 easily succeeding in becoming one of four top grossing films RKO made that year (as noted in The R.K.O. Story published by Arlington House).
 A Kiss for Corliss is a 1949 film directed by Richard Wallace. It stars Shirley Temple in her final starring role as well as her final film appearance. It is a sequel to the 1945 film Kiss and Tell. For some reason it is also known as Almost a Bride.
 The Caveman (aka:The Cave Man)is a 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by the Warner Brothers. Lewis Milestone directed the Darryl Zanuck scripted story taken from the play The Cave Man by Gelett Burgess. Matt Moore Marie Prevost Hedda Hopper star. A small role is played by a young Myrna Loy just starting out in her long career. This picture survives in the Library of Congress.
 Nearly Married is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Chester Withey and starring Madge Kennedy. It is based on a 1913 stage play of the same name by Edgar Selwyn. The film also featured an early film appearance by future gossip columnist Hedda Hopper.The Library of Congress's new(Dec. 2013) American Silent Feature Film Survival Database has this film listed as being complete in their collection.
 Castle on the Hudson is a 1940 American drama film directed by Anatole Litvak and starring John Garfield Ann Sheridan and Pat O'Brien. A thief gets sent to Sing Sing Prison where he is befriended by the reform-minded warden. The film was based on the book Twenty Thousand Years in Sing Sing written by Lewis E. Lawes who was in real life the warden of the notorious prison and did improve conditions for the inmates.
 Midaq Alley (Spanish: El callejón de los milagros also released as The Alley of Miracles) is a 1994 Mexican film adapted from the novel by Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz written by Vicente Leñero and directed by Jorge Fons.
 The Four-Faced Liar is a 2010 comedy-drama-romance film by director Jacob Chase. The title is a reference to a four-faced clock that displays four different times all wrong and to a bar with that name (also named after the clock) that features prominently as a location in the film.
 Off Beat (German: Kammerflimmern) is a 2004 German film directed by Hendrik Hölzemann.
 Heart Talk (Khmer:ទំនួញបេះដូង ) is a 2008 Khmer horror film a second film produced by Khmer Mekong Films after the successful of 2007's romantic comedy Staying Single When and a television series the Taste of Life. It is directed by UK director Bill Broomfield and Cambodian young director Tom Som and written by British novelist and screenwriter with much personal experience of Cambodia Matt Baylis but translated into Khmer script by Kiri Roat.
 Gaturro La Pelicula (simply known as Gaturro) is a 3D Argentine-Mexican-Indian CGI animated film based on the popular Argentine comic book of the same name created by Cristian Dzwonik. The film is produced by Illusion Studios Toonz Animation and co-produced by Ánima Estudios.It was released in theaters September 21 2010 in Argentina and was a box-office success.
 Faccia di spia (also known as C.I.A. Secret Story) is a 1975 Italian political drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Ferrara.
 Under the Volcano is a 1984 film directed in Mexico by John Huston written by Guy Gallo with Albert Finney Jacqueline Bisset Anthony Andrews and Katy Jurado heading the cast.
 Desperate Choices: To Save My Child is a 1992 television film directed by Andy Tennant. It stars Joanna Kerns and Bruce Davison. It was one of Reese Witherspoon's early roles. It was nominated for two Young Artist Awards in 1992.
 There Is No 13 is a 1974 American drama film directed by William Sachs. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Romeo Is Bleeding is a 1993 crime film starring Gary Oldman and Lena Olin directed by Peter Medak. The film's title was taken from a song by Tom Waits.
 Out of It is a 1969 American comedy film directed by Paul Williams. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium. It stars Steffany Huckaby Annie Burgstede Kristin Novak and Jason Lasater.
 One Hamlet Less (Italian: Un Amleto di meno) is a 1973 Italian drama film directed by Carmelo Bene. It was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 Our Town is a 2007 South Korean film.
 L'Atlantide is a 1932 German-French adventure and fantasy film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst based on the novel L'Atlantide by Pierre Benoît.
 Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Dialga vs. Palkia vs. Darkrai (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール ディアルガVSパルキアVSダークライ Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo Pāru Diaruga tai Parukia tai Dākurai) is a 2007 Japanese animated film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama as the tenth Pokémon anime film. It was released in Japanese theaters on July 14 2007.
 La Verdadera victoria (English language:Passionately) is a 1944 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Pedro López Lagar. Music by Franz Schubert was used in the film together with compositions by Alejandro Gutiérrez del Barrio.
 The Karate Kid (simplified Chinese: 功夫梦; traditional Chinese: 功夫夢; pinyin: Gōngfu Mèng; literally The Kung Fu Dream; also known as Karate Kid 5) is a 2010 Chinese-American martial arts action drama and remake of the 1984 film of the same name. It is the fifth installment of the Karate Kid series serving a reboot.The film was directed by Harald Zwart and produced by Will and Jada Pinkett Smith the film stars Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith.
 Ring 2 (リング2 Ringu 2) (1999) directed by Hideo Nakata is the sequel to the Japanese horror film Ring.Ring was originally a novel written by Koji Suzuki; its sequel Rasen (aka Spiral) was also adapted into a movie as the Ring movie's sequel. However due to the poor response to Rasen Ring 2 was made as a new sequel to Ring not based on Suzuki's works and thus ultimately ignores the story of Rasen.
 Aftermath (Polish: Pokłosie) is a 2012 Polish film written and directed by Władysław Pasikowski. The fictional Holocaust-related thriller and drama is inspired by the July 1941 Jedwabne pogrom in northeast Poland in which the Jewish community of Jedwabne was murdered by their Polish neighbors with the complicity of Nazi German officials.
 The Chairman (Russian: Председатель) is a 1964 Soviet film directed by Aleksei Saltykov and starring Mikhail Ulyanov Nonna Mordyukova and Ivan Lapikov. This film was honored with a Second Prize at All-Union Film Festival in Kiev (1966).
 Winged Victory is a 1944 American drama film directed by George Cukor a joint effort of 20th Century Fox and the U.S. Army Air Forces. Based upon the play of the same name by Moss Hart who also wrote the screenplay the film only opened after the play's theatre run.
 Lakota Woman: Siege at Wounded Knee is a 1994 TNT original movie starring Irene Bedard Tantoo Cardinal Pato Hoffmann Joseph Runningfox Lawrence Bayne and Michael Horse and August Schellenberg.The film follows a young Mary Crow Dog and her poor Lakota family living on the Rosebud Sioux reservation in South Dakota as she briefly learns the ways of her people and of the 1890 massacre at Wounded Knee told to her by her grandfather Fool Bull (played by Floyd Red Crow Westerman).
 Love Is the Only Answer (Chinese: 人約離婚後) is a 2011 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Patrick Kong.
 Squash is a 2002 French short film (27 min / 29 min runtime) directed and written by Lionel Bailliu. The film has won multiple awards at film festivals and was nominated for an Academy Award in the Live Action Short Film category in 2004. The film stars Malcolme Conrath as Alexandre and Eric Savin as Charles.
 Panhandle 38 (Italian: ...e alla fine lo chiamarono Jerusalem l'implacabile also known as Padella calibro 38 and Panhandle Calibre 38) is a 1971 Italian comedy-western film. The film rapresents the debut and the only film directed by Toni Secchi that had previously been the cinematographer of a number of successful spaghetti westerns. It was also the only leading role for Scott Holden the son of William Holden and Brenda Marshall who had a brief film career in early 70s.
 The Caller is a 2008 film by Richard Ledes. The film which stars Frank Langella Elliott Gould and Laura Harring premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival where it won the Made in NY Narrative Award. The screenplay was co-authored with Alain Didier-Weill.
 Maximum Velocity (V-Max) (Italian: Velocità massima) is a 2002 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Vicari. It entered the competition at the 59th Venice International Film Festival.For this film Vicari won the 2003 David di Donatello for best new director. The film also won two Nastro d'Argento Awards for best producer and best editing.
 Hum Toh Mohabbat Karega is a 2000 Bollywood thriller-comedy film. It was the first time Karisma Kapoor and Bobby Deol were paired.This film is inspired by 1981 Hollywood film Eyewitness starring William Hurt and Sigourney Weaver.
 Anna's Storm is a 2007 action drama film starring Sheree J. Wilson and directed by Kristoffer Tabori. It also has the working title Hell's Rain in the UK.
 La corruzione (also known as Corruption and The Corruption) is a 1963 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini.
 High Tide at Noon is a 1957 British drama film directed by Philip Leacock. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Death of Yugoslavia is a BBC documentary series first broadcast in 1995 and is also the name of a book written by Allan Little and Laura Silber that accompanies the series. It covers the collapse of Yugoslavia and the subsequent wars that followed.
 Neela Malargal is a Tamil film starring Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in the lead.It is remake of Hindi film Anuraag starring Vinod Mehra Moushumi Chatterjee Rajesh Khanna Nutan Ashok Kumar with the same roles in Tamil being done by Kamal Hasan Sridevi Nagesh K.R.Vijaya Major Sundarrajan respectively.-
 Sympathy for Delicious is a 2010 drama film and the directorial debut of Mark Ruffalo. Filming took place in Los Angeles.
 The White Sound (German: Das weisse Rauschen) is the directorial debut of Austrian director Hans Weingartner and co-director and screenplay writer Tobias Amann.The film was the idea of both students as part of a separate project at the Academy of Media Arts Cologne.Role models for Hans Weingartner were John Cassavetes and Lars von Trier whose Dogma 95 style of directing largely applies here.
 Sudigadu (Telugu: సుడిగాడు) is a 2012 Telugu comedy film directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced by Chandrasekhar D Reddy under Arundathi Movies. It is the adaptation of C. S. Amudhan's debut tamil super hit movie Thamizh Padam. The film features Allari Naresh and Monal Gajjar in the lead roles. Allari Naresh plays double roles in this movie as father and son. The film was released on 24 August 2012.It is said to be the Landmark Film of Allari Naresh.
 Road to Nhill is a 1997 Australian comedy-drama film directed by Sue Brooks. The film won the Golden Alexander (first prize) for Best Feature-Length Film at The International Thessaloniki Film Festival (Greece).
 The King and I is a 1999 American animated musical film that is loosely adapted from the Anna Leonowens story and uses songs and some of the character names from the stage musical The King and I.
 Dunked in the Deep is the 119th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Dukes of Hazzard is a 2005 American action comedy film based on the American television series of the same name. The film was directed by Jay Chandrasekhar and released on August 5 2005 by Warner Bros. Pictures. As in the television series The Dukes of Hazzard depicts the adventures of cousins Bo Luke Daisy and their Uncle Jesse as they outfox crooked Hazzard County commissioner Boss Hogg and Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane.
 Le Rire English: The Laugh is a French comedy film from 1953 directed by Maurice Regamey starring Louis de Funès. Louis de Funès gives a definition of the laugh.
 The Green Hornet (1940) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.
 Cross Shot (originally titled La legge violenta della squadra anticrimine) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi. It was filmed in Apulia between Bari and Trani.
 Felicita Colombo is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli.
 Awka Liwen (“Rebellion at Dawn”) is a documentary film directed by Mariano Aiello and Kristina Hille with a script by Osvaldo Bayer Mariano Aiello and Kristina Hille. The work develops the history of the possession of the land in Argentina. It is also a history of racism against the indigenous peoples where racism was the alibi for their exploitation and elimination.
 Taken is a 2008 English-language French action thriller film directed by Pierre Morel written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen and starring Liam Neeson Maggie Grace Leland Orser Jon Gries David Warshofsky Holly Valance Katie Cassidy Xander Berkeley Olivier Rabourdin Gérard Watkins and Famke Janssen.
 Kai Po Che! is a 2013 Indian drama buddy film directed by Abhishek Kapoor based on Chetan Bhagat's novel The 3 Mistakes of My Life with music by Amit Trivedi and lyrics by Swanand Kirkire. Sushant Singh Rajput Rajkummar Rao and Amit Sadh star as the three main protagonists while Amrita Puri plays the female lead.
 Crawlspace is a 1986 horror/thriller film starring Klaus Kinski as Karl Guenther the crazed son of a Nazi doctor who is obsessed with trapping young women and then slowly torturing them to death. The film is produced by Roberto Bessi written and directed by David Schmoeller and also stars Talia Balsam.
 Thieves of Fortune (other titles - Chameleon and May the Best Man Win) is a 1990 American action film by Michael MacCarthy.It is Lee Van Cleef's last film released the year after he died of a heart attack.
 Maa Nanna Chiranjeevi (Telugu: మా నాన్న చిరంజీవి English: My Father Chiranjeevi) is a 2010 Telugu drama film starring Jagapati Babu in the lead role. The film is a remake of 2006 Hollywood Hit film The Pursuit of Happyness starring Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith.
 Brave Hearts: Umizaru (BRAVE HEARTS 海猿) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Eiichirō Hasumi and based on the manga series Umizaru.It is the fourth feature film in the live action Umizaru series following films Umizaru (2004) Limit of Love: Umizaru (2006) and Umizaru 3: The Last Message (2010) and the 2005 TV series Umizaru: Evolution.
 The Alternative is a 1978 Australian TV movie about an unmarried editor of a woman's magazine who finds herself pregnant. She has a relationship with another woman.At the Annual Penguin Awards given by the Television Society of Australia the film was awarded best Actress (Wendy Hughes) Actor (Peter Adams) and Supporting Actor (Alwyn Kurts) as well as Best Adult Drama.
 Mountain Rhythm is a 1939 American Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Based on a story by Connie Lee the film is about a cowboy who organizes his fellow ranchers to oppose an Eastern promoter's land grab scheme.
 My Brother Cicero is a 1998 comedy short film written by Louis Mandylor and Tony Nittoli starring Louis Mandylor Costas Mandylor and Tony Nittoli. Filmed in Hollywood it garnered two independent film awards and generated mostly positive reviews from critics.
 For the Love of Nancy is a 1994 television film directed by Paul Schneider. The film based on a true story deals with anorexia nervosa. Lead actress Tracey Gold was actually recovering from the disease while making the movie and used her own life experience for the portrayal of Nancy.
 The Strange Love of Molly Louvain is a 1932 American crime drama film directed by Michael Curtiz. The script was based on the play Tinsel Girl by Maurine Dallas Watkins and stars Ann Dvorak and Lee Tracy.
 Dinner at the Ritz is a 1937 British black-and-white mystery romance film directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring David Niven Annabella Raymond Huntley and Ronald Shiner as Sydney the Porter. It was produced by New World Pictures.
 The Prince and the Pauper (German: Prinz und Bettelknabe) is a 1920 Austrian silent adventure film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Tibor Lubinszky Albert Schreiber and Adolf Weisse. It is based on Mark Twain's 1881 novel The Prince and the Pauper about a poor boy who switches places with Edward Prince of Wales in Tudor England.
 Bolek i Lolek is a 1936 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Amourous Adventure (French: L'amoureuse aventure) is a 1932 French romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Albert Préjean Marie Glory and Marcel André. It was a French language version of the 1932 German film Madame Makes Her Exit which was also directed by Thiele and starred Liane Haid and Hans Brausewetter.
 99 (Hungarian: A 99-es számú bérkocsi) is a 1918 silent Austro-Hungarian crime film directed by Michael Curtiz and featuring Bela Lugosi.
 Trance is a 2013 British psychological thriller film directed by Danny Boyle with a screenplay by Joe Ahearne and John Hodge from a story by Ahearne. The film stars James McAvoy Vincent Cassel and Rosario Dawson. The world premiere of the film was held in London on 19 March 2013.
 The Collector of Bedford Street is a 2002 documentary film about director Alice Elliott's neighbor Larry Selman a community activist and fundraiser who had an intellectual disability.
 Australia is a 2008 epic historical romantic drama film directed by Baz Luhrmann and starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. It is the second-highest grossing Australian film of all time behind Crocodile Dundee. The screenplay was written by Luhrmann and screenwriter Stuart Beattie with Ronald Harwood and Richard Flanagan.
 Haqdar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Night Without Sleep is a 1952 mystery film noir directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Gary Merrill Linda Darnell and Hildegarde Neff.
 The Nickel-Hopper is a 1926 American short silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand and featuring Oliver Hardy and Boris Karloff in minor uncredited roles.
 Guilty by Suspicion is a 1991 film about the Hollywood blacklist and associated activities stemming from McCarthyism and the House Un-American Activities Committee. Written and directed by Irwin Winkler it starred Robert De Niro Annette Bening and George Wendt.The film was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Speakeasy (1929) was an early talking sports drama film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and adapted by Frederick Hazlitt Brennan and Edwin J. Burke. The picture was produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. Lola Lane and Paul Page played the lead roles. John Wayne age 22 had a minor role in the film.All film elements to this movie are considered lost but Vitaphone-style discs of the soundtrack survive.
 4x4 (Danish: Nordisk kvadrille) is a 1965 Nordic co-production drama film directed by Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt Klaus Rifbjerg Rolf Clemens Maunu Kurkvaara and Jan Troell. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival winning a Special Diploma.
 Nirmaan is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Ravi Tandon. The film stars Anoop Kumar and Navin Nischol.
 Jabberwocky (Czech: Žvahlav aneb šatičky slaměného Huberta) is a 1971 Czechoslovak animated short film written and directed by Jan Švankmajer based loosely on the poem Jabberwocky by Lewis Carroll. It was produced by Erna Kmínková Marta Sichová Jirí Vanek and animated by Vlasta Pospísilová.
 Boy Meets Girl is a 1998 romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Jerry Ciccoritti and starring Sean Astin and Emily Hampshire.
 Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence known simply as Innocence (イノセンス Inosensu) in Japan is a 2004 anime/computer-animated sci-fi sequel to the 1995 film Ghost in the Shell. Released in Japan on March 6 2004 and in the US on September 17 2004 Innocence had a production budget of approximately $20 million (approx. 2 billion yen).
 Nella città l'inferno (Behind Closed Shutters) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Renato Castellani.
 Mind the Gap is a multi-story 2004 film written & directed by Eric Schaeffer.The film moves back and forth between five separate stories that touch on each other by the end of the film.Most of the film was shot in Vermont including the North Carolina scenes and most of the interiors. Exterior shots were also filmed in New York City and Tucson.This was Alan King’s last role.
 Andha Yudh is a 1987 Indian film directed by Dayal Nihalani.
 The City of the Dead (U.S. title: Horror Hotel) is a 1960 horror film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey and starring Christopher Lee and Valentine Dyall. Produced in England but set in America the British actors were required to speak with American accents throughout.
 Un eroe borghese (also known as Ordinary Hero and An Ordinary Hero) is a 1995 Italian historical drama film directed by Michele Placido. It is a dramatization of the downfall of the Michele Sindona's financial empire and of the subsequent Giorgio Ambrosoli's murder in 1979. The film won the David di Donatello for Best Producer and a special David di Donatello given to Placido for the recognized narrative artistic and civil value of his work.
 Walking Tall is a 2004 drama film. A remake of the 1973 film of the same name it stars Dwayne Johnson and Johnny Knoxville. Like the original film it was based on the real-life story of Sheriff Buford Pusser and utilized many elements from his life. A number of aspects were changed including the main character's name (to Chris Vaughn) and the setting was moved from McNairy County Tennessee to Kitsap County Washington United States.
 A Very Special Love is a Filipino romantic comedy film series produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films. It started in 2008 with A Very Special Love the first film in the series; it became a huge box office success which leads the producers to make sequels. John Lloyd Cruz and Sarah Geronimo starred in the trilogy while Cathy Garcia Molina directed all films in the series. It is the most successful Filipino romantic film series of all time.
 Confessions of a Window Cleaner is a 1974 British sex comedy film directed by Val Guest.Like the other films in the Confessions series; Confessions of a Pop Performer Confessions of a Driving Instructor and Confessions from a Holiday Camp it concerns the erotic adventures of Timothy Lea based on the novels written under that name by Christopher Wood. Each film features Robin Askwith and Antony Booth.
 Nudo di donna (internationally released as Portrait of a Woman Nude and Portrait of a Nude Woman) is a 1981 Italian mystery - comedy film. It is the third and last film directed by Nino Manfredi that replaced Alberto Lattuada who left the direction due to some disagreements with the same Manfredi after a few weeks of shooting.
 Father of Four on Bornholm (Danish: Far til fire på Bornholm) is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 The Basketball Fix is a 1951 American sports drama film directed by Felix E. Feist and starring John Ireland Marshall Thompson and Vanessa Brown. The film is also known by the alternative title The Big Decision in the United Kingdom.A sports journalist tries to prevent a promising college athlete from becoming involved with a betting ring but is unable to stop him shaving points off basketball games for them.
 Horizon (Hungarian: Horizont) is a Hungarian film directed by Pál Gábor. It was released in 1971.
 Zatoichi's Flashing Sword (座頭市あばれ凧 Zatōichi abare tako) is a 1964 Japanese chambara film directed by Kazuo Ikehiro starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).Zatoichi's Flashing Sword is the seventh episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Dead End (Persian: Bon Bast‎) is a 1977 Persian drama film written and directed by Parviz Sayyad. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival where Mary Apick won the award for Best Actress.
 Man of Conquest is a 1939 American Western film directed by George Nichols Jr. and starring Richard Dix Gail Patrick and Joan Fontaine. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Score Best Sound (Charles L. Lootens) and Best Art Direction (John Victor Mackay).The film marked the first serious attempt by Republic Pictures to break out from its traditional production of B Movies and produce a work of greater cost and prestige.
 Cries and Whispers (Swedish: Viskningar och rop lit. Whispers and Cries) is a 1972 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Harriet Andersson Kari Sylwan Ingrid Thulin and Liv Ullmann. The film is set at a mansion at the end of the 19th century and is about two sisters and a maid who watch over their third sister on her deathbed torn between fearing she might die and hoping that she will.
 Debating Robert Lee is a 2004 independent film directed by Dan Polier and written by Matthew Klein with Polier. It is centered on a group of dysfunctional teens—the debate team at a high school in idyllic Palos Verdes California. Most students on the team are taking debate as an elective needed to graduate but Robert Lee (played by Dale Midkiff) one of the best debate teachers in the country believes that they can aspire to more.
 Ten Inch Hero is an independent romantic comedy film completed in 2007. The film was directed by David Mackay and written by Betsy Morris. The Ten Inch Hero of the title refers to a large submarine sandwich.
 Macbeth is a silent 1909 film adaptation of the William Shakespeare play. It was released on December 3 1909. It is a silent black-and-white film with French intertitles.
 The Magic Roundabout (released in France as Pollux le manège enchanté and in North America as Doogal) is a 2005 British-French computer-animated adventure fantasy film based on the television series of the same name. The film was produced by Pathé and the UK Film Council animation done by Action Synthese and released by Pathé Pictures on 11 February 2005 in the United Kingdom and France and The Weinstein Company on 24 February 2006 in North America.
 Nightmares is a 1980 Australian horror film directed by John D. Lamond. It is also known as Stage Fright.Gary Sweet make his feature film debut.
 Child of God is a 2013 American drama film co-written and directed by James Franco and starring Scott Haze based on the novel of the same name by Cormac McCarthy. It was selected to be screened in the official competition at the 70th Venice International Film Festival and was an official selection of the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film made its United States premiere at the 51st New York Film Festival and then was screened at the 2013 Austin Film Festival.
 Disney Shot Kennedy is a 2010 American independent comedy film written directed and produced by Atlanta filmmaker David Lawrence. The movie captures the last week in the life of The Oswald a small bankrupt conspiracy newspaper. It was Lawrence's first feature film and the first film to come out of his production company Modest Conspiracy.Disney Shot Kennedy has been compared to Richard Linklater's Slacker and Kevin Smith's Clerks.
 Hubertus Castle is a 1934 German drama film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Friedrich Ulmer Hansi Knoteck and Arthur Schröder. It is an adaptation of the 1895 novel Schloß Hubertus by Ludwig Ganghofer.
 Los Locos also known as Los Locos: Posse Rides Again is a 1997 Western film written by and starring Mario Van Peebles. It was directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and also stars Melora Walters René Auberjonois and Danny Trejo.
 How I Got Into College is a 1989 romantic comedy film directed by Savage Steve Holland and starring Anthony Edwards Corey Parker and Lara Flynn Boyle. This is the film debut for then-future voice actor Tom Kenny.
 Top Line (internationally released as Alien Terminator) is a 1988 Italian film directed by Nello Rossati. It is an action film with a climax that includes UFO's and aliens.
 The Watcher is a 2000 American thriller film directed by Joe Charbanic and starring James Spader Marisa Tomei and Keanu Reeves. Set in Chicago the film is about a retired FBI agent who is stalked and taunted by a serial killer.
 Dhanyam (Malayalam: ധന്യം) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by debutant Jayalal starring new comers Pratheesh Nandan and Pooja in the lead roles.
 Accident (German: Polizeibericht Überfall) is a 1928 German short film directed by Ernö Metzner.
 In the Shadow of the Moon is a 2007 British documentary film about the United States' manned missions to the Moon. It premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival where it won the World Cinema Audience Award. In March 2008 it was the first film to win the Sir Arthur Clarke Award for Best Film Presentation. It was given a limited release in the United States on September 7 2007 and in Canada on October 19 2007.
 El Sacerdote (English: The Priest) is a 1978 Spanish film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring Simón Andreu Emilio Gutiérrez Caba and Esperanza Roy. The plot centers in a catholic priest who suffers a personal crisis when his sexuality is suddenly awaken. Unable to reconcile his deep conservative religious faith with his sexual obsession he spiral in a path of self punishment. The script was first offered to Pilar Miro.
 The Cabinet of Caligari (1962) is a film by Roger Kay starring Glynis Johns Dan O'Herlihy and Richard Davalos and released by 20th Century Fox.Although the film has a title that is very similar to that of the acclaimed silent horror film The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (1920) it shares very few similarities except for the main plot twist. The film is notable for a script penned by author Robert Bloch author of the novel Psycho. The cinematographer for The Cabinet of Caligari was John L.
 The Sannikov Land (Russian: Земля Санникова Zemlya Sannikova; Finnish: Salattu maa) is a Soviet 1974 adventure film about the fictional Sannikov Land loosely based on the novel of the same name by Vladimir Obruchev.
 The Alchemist is a 1984 horror film about a man who desires to avenge a curse placed on him by an evil magician. The film was directed by Charles Band and stars Robert Ginty Lucinda Dooling and John Sanderford.
 Tolgo il disturbo (internationally released as I'll Be Going Now) is a 1990 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Dino Risi.
 The Ring is an 1952 American Boxing - Drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and is based on an Irving Shulman´s novel. It tells the story of a Mexican American who becomes a boxer to gain reputation in the U.S. and be respected by the English-speaking white majority. The film is shot in various locations in Los Angeles. The film is basically a look at the institutionalized bigotry.
 Island of Lost Men is a 1939 American film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Anna May Wong J. Carrol Naish and Anthony Quinn. It tells the story of the daughter of a general who goes to look for her father after he disappears. The film received mixed reviews and was the last that Wong made for Paramount Pictures.
 Historias mínimas (English: Minimal Stories and Intimate Stories) is a 2002 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Sorín and written by Pablo Solarz. The film was produced by Martin Bardi Leticia Cristi and José María Morales. It features among others Javier Lombardo Antonio Benedicti and Javiera Bravo.This road movie chronicles three individual yet intertwined stories of ordinary people striving to follow their dreams in life.
 Santa Claus: The Movie (known on-screen as simply Santa Claus) is a 1985 British/American Christmas film starring David Huddleston Dudley Moore and John Lithgow. It is the last major fantasy film produced by the Paris-based father-and-son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind. The film was directed by Jeannot Szwarc and released in North America on November 27 1985 by TriStar Pictures.
 Eight Hours of Terror (８時間の恐怖 Hachijikan no kyōfu) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki. It is a mystery film.
 Man Jaiye is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Rakesh Pandey.
 Tanz in der Galerie is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 The Kaiser of California better known as The Emperor of California (German Der Kaiser von Kalifornien) is a 1936 film that has the distinction of being the first western film made in Nazi Germany.
 The Spy Kids series consists of four American/Mexican family action films written and directed by Robert Rodriguez. The main plot follows the adventures of two Cortez children (portrayed by Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara) who become involved in their parents' espionage. The rest of their family are also spies as well including their estranged uncle Machete and maternal grandparents.
 Bullet (stylized as BULLET) is a 2014 action thriller film starring Danny Trejo as the title character and Jonathan Banks as the villain. The film was directed and co-written by Nick Lyon with additional writing by Matthew Joynes Ron Peer and Byron Lester and was produced by Matthew Joynes and Robert Rodriguez. It follows an undercover police officer-turned-vigilante (Trejo) tracking down the crooks who kidnapped his grandson. Filming took place in Los Angeles United States.
 From Justin to Kelly is a 2003 American romantic comedy musical film starring Kelly Clarkson and Justin Guarini the winner and runner-up respectively of the first season of American Idol. It won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst 'Musical' of Our First 25 Years in 2005. This film is often cited among one of the worst films ever made.
 Collateral is a 2004 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Mann from a screenplay written by Stuart Beattie and starring Tom Cruise as a contract killer and Jamie Foxx as a taxi driver who finds himself his hostage. The film is set in Los Angeles California in January 2004 and the supporting cast includes Jada Pinkett Smith and Mark Ruffalo. Foxx and Cruise's performances were widely praised with Foxx being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 The Boob is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy film directed by William Wellman and starring Gertrude Olmstead Antonio D'Algy George K. Arthur and Joan Crawford.
 Ohtlikud mängud (The Dangerous Games) is a 1974 film directed by Veljo Käsper and starring Leonhard Merzin & Jüri Järvet. It is also known under its Russian name Opasnye Igry (Опасные игры).
 Something to Sing About (1937) re-released in 1947 as Battling Hoofer is the second and final film James Cagney made for Grand National Pictures – the first being Great Guy – before mending relations with and returning to Warner Bros. It is one of the few films besides Footlight Parade and Yankee Doodle Dandy to showcase Cagney's singing and dancing talents.
 Blastfighter is a 1984 Italian action film by Lamberto Bava starring Michael Sopkiw and George Eastman.
 Harlot (1964) is a feature-length underground film directed by Andy Warhol written by Ronald Tavel and featuring Mario Montez lounging on a sofa eating bananas with Gerard Malanga in a tuxedo and with Tavel Billy Name and Harry Fainlight having an off-screen discussion. This was Warhol's first sync-sound movie filmed in December 1964 with his new Auricon camera.
 Chapali Height is a 2012 Nepali thriller film featuring Amir Gautam Raj Ghimire and Binita Baral. It was shot in the Chapali Height area in Kathmandu. The movie directed by Dipendra K. Khanal and financed by Arjun Pokharel was shot in 45 days. It is based on the story of a girl (Binita) living in a hostel in Pokhara and two guys who have fallen in love with her.The movie was the second biggest blockbuster of the year behind Nischal Basnet's LOOT.
 Critical Condition is a 1987 comedy film directed by Michael Apted and starring Richard Pryor.
 Love Island is a 1952 American film directed by Bud Pollard starring Paul Valentine and Eva Gabor.
 Broken Chains is a 1922 American silent Western/adventure/romantic drama film directed by Allen Holubar. The film stars Colleen Moore Malcolm McGregor and Ernest Torrence and was based on a story by the same name that won a $10000 contest held by the Goldwyn Pictures Corporation and the Chicago Daily News.
 Journey to the Seventh Planet is a 1962 science fiction film. It was directed by Sid Pink written by Pink and Ib Melchior and shot in Denmark with a budget of only US$75000. The seventh planet of the title is Uranus and a crew is being dispatched there by the United Nations on a mission of space exploration.
 Fourteen Days in May is a documentary directed by Paul Hamann and originally shown on television by the British Broadcasting Corporation in 1987. The programme recounts the final days before the execution of Edward Earl Johnson an American prisoner convicted of rape and murder and imprisoned in the Mississippi State Penitentiary. Johnson protested his innocence and claimed that his confession had been made under duress.
 The Phynx is a 1970 comedy film directed by Lee H. Katzin about a rock and roll band named The Phynx and their mission in foreign affairs. The group is sent to the country of Albania to locate celebrity hostages taken prisoner by Communists.
 Jebu Donga (Telugu: జేబు దొంగ English: Pickpocketeer) is a 1987 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Bhanupriya and Radha in important roles.
 The First Circle is a 1992 Canadian-French television drama film directed by Sheldon Larry starring Victor Garber Christopher Plummer F. Murray Abraham and Robert Powell. It is an adaptation of the novel In the First Circle by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.At the 1992 Gemini Awards the film was awarded the prize for Best Photography in a Dramatic Program or Series.
 Manslaughter is a 1930 film directed by George Abbott and starring Claudette Colbert and Fredric March. An original print of the film is saved in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.This film is a sound remake of Cecil B. DeMille's 1922 silent classic Manslaughter. Paramount also released a French-language version of this 1930 film as Le réquisitoire directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki.
 Stampede in the Night is a 1916 American short Western film directed by Jacques Jaccard.
 Ghostride the Whip is a documentary film executive produced by Academy Award nominee Peter Spirer of Rugged Entertainment that takes the viewer into the world of this phenomenon that started in San Francisco's bay area several years ago. At times through a historical perspective the film brings to light the elements and trends that may have been responsible for the origins of ghostriding.
 Coffee and Cigarettes is the title of three short films and a 2003 feature film by independent director Jim Jarmusch. The film consists of 11 short stories which share coffee and cigarettes as a common thread and includes the earlier three films.
 Ragazza alla pari (internationally released as The Best and Au-Pair Girl) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mino Guerrini.
 When Knights Were Bold is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Jack Buchanan Fay Wray and Garry Marsh. Sir Guy de Vere inherits his father's estate while serving with the British army in India. He returns home to take up his new role but is greeted with hostility by his family and servants. It was based on the 1906 playWhen Knights Were Bold by Harriett Jay.
 At the Circus (a.k.a. The Marx Brothers at the Circus) is a 1939 Marx Brothers comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in which they save a circus from bankruptcy. The movie is notable for Groucho Marx's classic rendition of Lydia the Tattooed Lady. The supporting cast includes Margaret Dumont Eve Arden Florence Rice and Kenny Baker.
 The Professor is a 1919 American silent comedy film made at the Chaplin Studios for the First National film company starring Charlie Chaplin. However the film was never released or even completed. Chaplin abandoned production after finishing only one scene. The remaining film is included in Unknown Chaplin and on at least one of the Limelight DVD releases.
 Train in the Snow (Croatian: Vlak u snijegu) is a Croatian (then SFR Yugoslavia) children and adventure film directed by Mate Relja. It was released on June 10 1976.It is based on the children's novel Vlak u snijegu written by Mato Lovrak (1899–1974) then a young schoolteacher inspired by actual events in 1933 and first titled Djeca Velikog Sela (The Children of Veliko Selo).
 Powder River is a 1953 Western film starring Rory Calhoun.The screenplay was written by Stuart N. Lake who two years later was the story consultant on the ABC/Desilu western television series The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp.
 The Flor Contemplacion Story is a 1995 film produced by Viva Films about the story of the Filipina domestic helper who was hanged in Singapore for allegedly killing her fellow maid. The story was chronicled in a film which operates on various personal social and political levels.
 I de gode gamle dage is a 1940 Danish film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Christian Arhoff.
 Company President's Secretary: Hunting Big Tit Sexual Harassment (社長秘書　巨乳セクハラ狩り Shachō Hisho: Kyonyū Sekuharakari) is a 2007 Japanese pink film written and directed by Kuninori Yamazaki. It won the award for Sixth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and lead actor Yutaka Ikejima was named Best Actor.
 The Gathering Storm is a BBC–HBO co-produced television biographical film about Winston Churchill in the years just prior to World War II.
 The Seine Meets Paris (French: La Seine a rencontré Paris) is a 1957 French short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens from a screenplay by Jacques Prévert. Told from the perspective of a boat trip through the city it features scenes of daily life along the river. The film won the short film Palme d'Or at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
 Flirting Scholar 2 (simplified Chinese: 唐伯虎点秋香2之四大才子; traditional Chinese: 唐伯虎點秋香2之四大才子; Mandarin Pinyin: Táng Bóhǔ diǎn Qiūxiāng èr zhi Sì Dà Cáizǐ; Jyutping: tong4 baak3 fu2 dim2 cau1 heong1 ji6 zi1 sei3 daai6 coi4 zi2) is a 2010 Chinese comedy film directed by Hong Kong director Lee Lik-Chi and starring Huang Xiaoming Zhang Jingchu Natalis Chan and Richie Ren. It is a prequel to the 1993 Hong Kong film Flirting Scholar which starred Stephen Chow and also directed by Lee.
 RFK Must Die: The Assassination of Bobby Kennedy is an investigative documentary by Irish writer and filmmaker Shane O'Sullivan released in 2007. The film expands on his earlier reports for BBC Newsnight and the Guardian and explores alternative theories of what happened the night Bobby Kennedy was shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles on June 5 1968. The title comes from a page of free writing found in Sirhan Sirhan's notebook after the shooting in which he wrote R.F.K.
 Comic Magazine (コミック雑誌なんかいらない! Komikku zasshi nanka iranai!) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Yojiro Takita.
 Walking My Baby Back Home is a 1953 American musical comedy film starring Donald O'Connor Janet Leigh and Buddy Hackett. This was Hackett's film debut.Excerpts of the film are used in the Columbo episode The Forgotten Lady where Janet Leigh plays an aging film star who nostalgically watches the film.
 Nenu (Telugu: నేను) is a Telugu film released on April 15 2004 starring Allari Naresh Veda and Abhishek. This film was directed by E. Sathibabu and produced by Mullapudi Brahmanandam. It's a remake of Tamil blockbuster movie Kaadhal Kondein which starred Dhanush and Sonia Agarwal in lead roles. The film was a flop at the box office but received good critical acclaim mainly for Allari Naresh's performance as Psychotic Lover.
 A Gesheft (Yiddish: א געשעפט The Deal) is a 2005 action film with a religious message in the Yiddish language made by Haredi Jews from Monsey New York. It is the first film made by Haredi Jews entirely in Yiddish. (In Israel there is somewhat of an Haredi film industry; the language of choice for these films is Israeli Hebrew however.) It is one of very few Yiddish films made since the destruction of most Yiddish-speaking communities by the Nazis.
 Les Brigades du Tigre (English: Tiger Squad) is a 2006 French crime film based on a very successful 1970s-'80s French television series of the same name. The story involves an Untouchables-type crack Flying Squad formed by Georges Clemenceau to combat rampant crime in 1912 Paris. The squads became known to the public as Tiger Brigades after Clemenceau's nickname Le Tigre and were among the first police units to be equipped with automobiles and seriously trained to savate techniques.
 Chori Chori (Hindi: चोरी चोरी Urdu: چوری چوری‎) is a 2003 Indian Hindi romantic comedy-drama film directed by Milan Luthria. It stars Ajay Devgan and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles. It is not related to the 1956 Hindi film of the same name. It is inspired by the Hollywood film Housesitter
 Hedd Wyn is a 1992 Welsh anti-war biopic written by Alan Llwyd and directed by Paul Turner.Based on the life of Ellis Humphrey Evans (Huw Garmon) killed in the First World War the cinematography starkly contrasts the lyrical beauty of the poet's native Meirionnydd with the bombed-out horrors of Passchendaele. The protagonist is depicted as a tragic hero with an intense dislike of the wartime ultranationalism which surrounds him.
 Peace Love & Misunderstanding is a 2011 American independent comedy-drama film directed by Bruce Beresford and starring Jane Fonda Catherine Keener Jeffrey Dean Morgan Elizabeth Olsen Nat Wolff Chace Crawford Kyle MacLachlan and Rosanna Arquette. It was filmed in the town of Woodstock New York the same town in which the movie is set. The film had a gala premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 13 2011.
 Nude Actress Murder Case: Five Criminals (肉体女優殺し 五人の犯罪者 Nikutai joyū koroshi: Go-nin no hanzaisha) is a 1957 Japanese black-and-white film directed by Teruo Ishii at Shintoho during the time he was filming the Super Giant series.
 Hitman's Run is a 1999 film directed by Mark L. Lester.
 Sankara is an upcoming Telugu film directed by Thathineni Satya Prakash and produced by R.V.Chandramouli Prasad (Kinnu) under the Sri Leela Movies banner and producer K. S. Rama Rao is presenting it. Nara Rohit and Regina Cassandra play the lead roles in this film. It is a remake of the Tamil hit film Mouna Guru.
 Romantics Anonymous (French: Les émotifs anonymes) is a 2010 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Améris and starring Benoît Poelvoorde and Isabelle Carré. The film won the Magritte Award for Best Foreign Coproduction at the 2nd Magritte Awards on February 4 2011.
 A Long Walk (長い散歩 Nagai Sanpo) is a 2006 film directed by Japanese director Eiji Okuda.
 Life Without Dick is a direct-to-video 2002 American black comedy film written and directed by Bix Skahill. The film focuses on the relationship that develops between an incompetent hitman and a woman who accidentally kills her boyfriend when she discovers he's leaving her for another woman.
 Zindaggi Rocks (translates as Life Rocks) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Tanuja Chandra and produced by Anurradha Prasad. It is about the love story between a famous singer Kriya played by Sushmita Sen and a doctor played by Shiney Ahuja.
 Prema (Telugu: ప్రేమ) is a 1952 Telugu drama film produced and directed by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao of Bharani Pictures and starring A. Nageswara Rao and P. Bhanumathi. Bhanumathi wrote the story for the first time. It is simultaneously made into Tamil language entitled Kadhal (Tamil: காதல்).
 Brüno (stylized as brüno in promotional materials) is a 2009 British mockumentary comedy film directed by Larry Charles and starring Sacha Baron Cohen who produced co-wrote and played the gay Austrian fashion journalist Brüno. It is the third and final film based on Baron Cohen's characters from Da Ali G Show; the first were Ali G Indahouse and Borat.
 The Living Ghost is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine. The Living Ghost was released on videocassette as A Walking Nightmare.The film is also known as Lend Me Your Ear in the United Kingdom.
 The Peach Tree (Hangul: 복숭아나무; RR: Boksunga namu) is a 2012 South Korean film directed by actress Ku Hye-sun. It stars Jo Seung-woo and Ryu Deok-hwan as conjoined twin brothers who fall in love with the same woman played by Nam Sang-mi.The film premiered at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters a year later.
 Lucy is a 2003 television film directed by Glenn Jordan. It is based on the life and career of actress and comedienne Lucille Ball.
 The Royal Family of Broadway (1930) is a comedy film directed by George Cukor and Cyril Gardner and released by Paramount Pictures. The screenplay was adapted by Herman J. Mankiewicz and Gertrude Purcell from the play The Royal Family by Edna Ferber and George S.
 Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger: Gaburincho of Music (劇場版 獣電戦隊キョウリュウジャー GABURINCHO OF MUSIC Gekijōban Jūden Sentai Kyōryūjā Gaburincho Obu Myūjikku) is a 2013 film adaptation of the Japanese Super Sentai television series Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger. It was released on August 3 2013 as a double-bill with the Kamen Rider Series film Kamen Rider Wizard in Magic Land. The film guest stars gravure idol Shizuka Nakamura as a supporting role. Gaburincho of Music is a musical.
 L'umanoide internationally released as The Humanoid and Humanoid is a 1979 Italian science fiction film directed by Aldo Lado (credited as George B. Lewis).
 Merci Docteur Rey is a 2002 Merchant Ivory's gay comedy film directed by Andrew Litvack starring Diane Wiest and Jane Birkin. Filmed in Paris.
 Nandalala (Tamil: நந்தலாலா ) is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Mysskin. His himself essays the lead role alongside newcomer Ashwath Ram and Snigdha Akolkar.
 Barakat! is a 2006 French/Algerian drama film directed by Djamila Sahraoui. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival on 16 February 2006.
 Sybil is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Jack Denton and starring Evelyn Brent Cowley Wright and Gordon Hopkirk. It is an adaptation of the novel Sybil by Benjamin Disraeli. It is considered to be a lost film.
 It's a Gift is a 1923 short silent movie comedy film featuring Snub Pollard. A group of oil magnates are trying to think of new ways to attract business. One of them suggests that they contact the inventor Pollard who has devised a new gasoline substitute. Pollard himself lives in a home filled with his eccentric inventions. When he gets the message from the oil company he is excited about the opportunity to demonstrate his innovation.
 It's Great to Be Young is a 1956 musical comedy film about a school music teacher starring Cecil Parker and John Mills.
 The Human Stain is a 2003 American drama film directed by Robert Benton. The screenplay by Nicholas Meyer is based on the 2000 novel of the same name by Philip Roth. The film stars Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman.
 Dear Brat is a 1951 film directed by William A. Seiter. It stars Mona Freeman and Billy De Wolfe.
 Hidden Agenda is a 2001 Canadian action film directed by Marc S. Grenier and starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Swing Your Lady is a 1938 country musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright starring Humphrey Bogart and featuring Ronald Reagan.Bogart was apparently becoming very disenchanted with the film roles that the Warner Brothers studios were offering him at this stage of his career; the following year he appeared in his only horror/sci-fi film The Return of Doctor X and these were two roles he never liked talking about when he became a major film star several years later; he considered his performance in Swing Your Lady the worst of his career. 
 Mumbai Godfather is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij released on 23 September 2005.
 Kids in America is a 2005 film directed by Josh Stolberg. It was written by Andrew Shaifer and Stolberg. The film is inspired by real events.
 Orzowei is a 1955 novel by Italian writer Alberto Manzi. It is an anti-racist educational story set in Southern Africa. Adaptations of the novel include a movie (Orzowei il figlio della savana 1976) and a popular TV series (1977).
 Kangaroo Palace is a 1997 drama television movie which aired on Seven Network.
 Begging for Love (愛を乞うひと Ai o Kou Hito) is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama. It was Japan's submission to the 71st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Douglas is a 1970 Norwegian drama film directed by Pål Bang-Hansen starring Rolv Wesenlund and Kjersti Døvigen. It is based on a 1968 novel by Haavard Haavardsholm. The film presents a critical view of the activities of the secret police.
 The Man on the Eiffel Tower is a 1949 American mystery film directed by Burgess Meredith and starring Charles Laughton Franchot Tone Meredith and Robert Hutton. It is based on the 1931 novel La Tête d'un homme (A Man's Head) by Belgian writer Georges Simenon featuring his detective Jules Maigret. The film was co-produced by Tone and Allen as T&A Film Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.The film is also known as L'homme de la tour Eiffel in France.
 The Dentist is an 1996 American horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Dennis Paoli and Stuart Gordon. It starrs Corbin Bernsen Linda Hoffman and Ken Foree.The film was inspired by the story of real-life dentist/serial killer Nick Rex.[citation needed] It was followed by the sequel The Dentist 2 in 1998.
 Free Men (French: Les hommes libres) is a 2011 French film written and directed by Ismaël Ferroukhi which tells the largely untold story about the role that Muslims played in the French resistance and as rescuers of Jews during the German occupation (1940-1944). The film stars Tahar Rahim and Michael Lonsdale.
 Venus and Mars (Hangul: 싸움; RR: Ssaum (literally Fight) is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film. It was directed by Han Ji-seung and stars Sol Kyung-gu and Kim Tae-hee.
 Shadowboxing (Russian: Бой с тенью Boy s tenyu; literally Fight with shadow) is a 2005 Russian 4-episode Sports drama movie.The stars of the film include famous Russian actors such as Denis Nikiforov Elena Panova and Andrey Panin and it was directed by Aleksey Sidorov. The music score was performed by Finnish cello rock band Apocalyptica.The film's sequel Shadowboxing 2: Revenge was released in Russia in 2007.[citation needed]
 Rhythm of the Islands is a 1943 American film starring Jane Frazee. It is also known as Isle of Romance.
 The Wings of the Dove is a 1997 U.S.-British drama film directed by Iain Softley and starring Helena Bonham Carter Linus Roache and Alison Elliott. The screenplay by Hossein Amini is based on the 1902 novel of the same name by Henry James. The film was nominated for four Academy Awards and five BAFTAs recognizing Bonham Carter's performance the screenplay costume design and the cinematography.
 Hand of Death (simplified Chinese: 少林门; traditional Chinese: 少林門; pinyin: shǎolínmén) is a 1976 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by John Woo and starring Doran Tan and James Tien and featuring early acting performances from Chan Yuan-lung Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao in supporting roles. In addition to their acting roles Hung also worked as stunt co-ordinator whilst Yuen also performed much of the stuntwork including doubling for both of the principal stars.
 Sniper 3 is a 2004 action adventure direct-to-video film starring Tom Berenger Byron Mann John Doman and Denis Arndt. It was directed by P.J. Pesce and written by Michael Frost Beckner and Crash Leyland.The film is the third in the quartet starring Berenger following the theatrically released Sniper in 1993 and the TV movie Sniper 2 in 2002. The fourth film titled Sniper: Reloaded was released direct-to-video on April 26 2011.
 Madhosh is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Desh Gautan.
 The Nomi Song is a 2004 documentary about the life of singer Klaus Nomi written and directed by Andrew Horn. The film debuted at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2004 where it won a Teddy Award for Best Documentary Film.
 Alice or the Last Escapade (French: ''Alice ou la dernière fugue'') is a 1977 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol. The film is very loosely inspired by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll including the protagonist's name being Alice Carroll (a combination of the Alice character and the author's pseudonymous surname).
 The Tiger Makes Out is a 1967 comedy film about a kidnapper and his unintended victim starring Eli Wallach and Anne Jackson and directed by Arthur Hiller. This is Dustin Hoffman's film debut.
 Drones & Vapid Ditties is a music DVD by Australian indie rock band Augie March. It was released on 6 September 2004 by BMG Australia. The initials of the words Drones & Vapid Ditties spell out the letters DVD. Described on the back of the case as a shambles the DVD contains numerous live performances (including a full set from the 2003 Meredith Music Festival) as well as a collection of all the band's music videos to that date.
 40000 Years of Dreaming is an hour-long documentary film presented by George Miller and produced by the British Film Institute as part of their Century of Cinema series.The film acts mainly as a collage of various pieces of Australian film past and present including Miller's own Mad Max series.
 Killer Adios (also known as Killer Goodbye Winchester Justice ad Winchester One of One Thousand ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Primo Zeglio.
 Les Girls also known as Cole Porter's Les Girls is a 1957 musical comedy film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by George Cukor produced by Sol C. Siegel with Saul Chaplin as associate producer from a screenplay by John Patrick based on a story by Vera Caspary with music and lyrics by Cole Porter.It stars Gene Kelly Kay Kendall Mitzi Gaynor and Taina Elg with Jacques Bergerac Leslie Phillips Henry Daniell and Patrick Macnee.
 Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai (Hindi: बस इतना सा ख़ाब है Urdu: بس اتنا سا خواب ہے English: It's Just a Small Dream) is a 2001 Hindi movie was written and directed by Goldie Behl. The film stars Abhishek Bachchan Rani Mukerji Sushmita Sen and Jackie Shroff. It was a Disaster at the box-office.
 Ghost Valley is a 1932 film starring Tom Keene. It made a profit of $20000.
 Inner Sanctum is a 1948 American Film noir directed by Lew Landers based on the Simon and Schuster book series of the same name and the Inner Sanctum Mystery radio series. A previous film series of the show had been done by Universal Pictures until 1945. It is the first and only film of M.R.S. productions the initials of Richard B. Morros Samuel Rheiner and Walter Shenson.
 Enkiri Village: Dead End Survival (縁切り村〜デッド・エンド・サバイバル〜) is a 2011 Japanese horror film written and directed by Kōichi Tsubaki and starring Reina Fujie and Ren Yagami.
 Gali Gali Chor Hai is a 2012 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Rumi Jaffrey featuring Akshaye Khanna Shriya Saran and Mugdha Godse in the lead roles while Veena Malik appeared in an Item number titled Chhanno which gave a bounce to the film. The films music was composed by Anu Malik. The film produced by Nitin Manmohan under the banner of One Up Entertainmnet Pvt Ltd was released on 3 February 2012 to mainly negative reviews.
 The Moving Picture Man (Spanish: El cine soy yo) is a 1977 Venezuelan drama film directed by Luis Armando Roche. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 I Love You (Croatian: Volim te) is a Croatian drama film directed by Dalibor Matanic. It was released in 2005.
 Thiruda Thirudi is a 2003 Tamil film directed by debutant Subramaniam Siva. The film stars Dhanush and Chaya Singh. This film was a low-budget production and the soundtrack was composed by Dhina. This comedic love story is set in the clashing enemies starring Manikka Vinayagam Ginja and Illavarasu among others. The soundtrack was a great hit and the song Manmadha Raasa.. charted at the top position for 15 weeks running.
 Hawk of the Hills is a 1927 American Western film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 The Truth about Spring (also known as The Pirates of Spring Cove) is a 1965 film released by Universal. It stars Hayley Mills her father John Mills and James MacArthur. It is a romantic comedy adventure.
 The Plough and the Stars is a 1937 American drama film directed by John Ford based on the play of the same name by Seán O'Casey.
 Styrmand Karlsen is a 1958 Danish film directed by Annelise Reenberg.
 Marfil is a 2011 documentary film.
 S.R.K is a 2009 Indian film directed by Ajoy Varma.
 Stray Cat Rock: Wild Jumbo (野良猫ロック ワイルドジャンボ Nora neko rokku wairudo janbo) or Alleycat Rock: Wild Jumbo is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Toshiya Fujita. It is the second of the five Nora neko rokku (Stray Cat Rock or Alleycat Rock) low budget exploitation films begun by Alleycat Rock: Female Boss.
 A Degree of Murder (German: Mord und Totschlag French: Vivre à tout prix) is a 1967 West German film starring Anita Pallenberg and directed by Volker Schlöndorff. The film is widely recognised because of the soundtrack composed produced arranged and played by Brian Jones (founder of the Rolling Stones) Pallenberg's boyfriend at the time. The film was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.It was filmed in colour in West Germany in 1967.
 The Hollywood Sign is a 2001 comedy/suspense drama film directed by Sönke Wortmann and written by Leon de Winter. It stars Tom Berenger Rod Steiger and Burt Reynolds as three washed-up actors risking their lives to make a comeback as well as Jacqueline Kim.
 Lagnacha Dhumdhadaka is a Marathi movie released on 23 April 2007. The movie is produced by Ranjan Prakash along with Surendra Bhatia and directed by Pitambar Kale.
 Mr. Vampire 1992 also known as Chinese Vampire Story is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau. The film is the fifth of a series of five jiangshi films directed by Ricky Lau in the Mr. Vampire franchise. The Chinese title of the film literally translates to New Mr. Vampire.Mr. Vampire 1992 is considered to be the true sequel to the original 1985 Mr. Vampire as the main cast (Lam Ching-ying Ricky Hui and Chin Siu-ho) in the first film reprised their roles. Mr.
 Three Crooked Men is a 1958 British crime film.
 Hayde Bre is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Orhan Oğuz about a man from the countryside unable to adjust to life in Istanbul. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 31 2010 (2010-12-31) premiered in competition at the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival (October 9–14 2010).
 Two Against the World is a 1936 drama film starring Humphrey Bogart Beverly Roberts and Linda Perry. The movie is based on the play Five Star Final by Louis Weitzenkorn and is a remake of a film of the same name starring Edward G. Robinson although the setting has been moved from a newspaper office to a radio station which revives the memory of a twenty-year-old murder case resulting in tragic consequences. The film is also known as One Fatal Hour.
 I Love Hong Kong 2012 is a Hong Kong comedy film produced by Eric Tsang and directed by Chung Shu Kai and Chin Kwok Wai. Film stars an ensemble cast of Tsang Teresa Mo Bosco Wong Denise Ho Stanley Fung Siu Yam-yam William So Mak Cheung-ching 6 Wing Vivian Zhang and guest stars a star-studded xast of Hong Kong stars. This film is a sequel of the 2011 film I Love Hong Kong with a different storyline but similar theme.The film was released in Chinese New Year 2012.
 Dreamcatcher is a 2003 science fiction horror film adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name. It was directed by Lawrence Kasdan and co-written by Kasdan and screenwriter William Goldman. The film stars Damian Lewis Thomas Jane Jason Lee and Timothy Olyphant as four friends who encounter an invasion of parasitic aliens. It was filmed around Prince George British Columbia.
 Pilgrimage is a 1933 American drama film directed by John Ford.
 Ma tante Aline (English: My Aunt Aline) is a 2007 Canadian comedy film.
 Max Manus: Man of War is a 2008 Norwegian biographic war film based on the real events of the life of resistance fighter Max Manus (1914–96). The story follows Manus (Aksel Hennie) from the Winter War against the Soviet Union through the outbreak of World War II and the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany until peacetime in 1945.
 Night Into Morning is a 1951 film.
 The Lone Ranger is a 2013 American action western film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films and directed by Gore Verbinski. Based on the radio series of the same name the film stars Johnny Depp as Tonto the narrator of the events and Armie Hammer as John Reid (The Lone Ranger). It relates Tonto's memories of the duo's earliest efforts to subdue the immoral actions of the corrupt and bring justice in the American Old West.
 Tradition Is a Temple is an American documentary film about New Orleans jazz culture and modernization’s effect on American traditions.
 The Salzburg Connection is a 1972 American thriller film directed by Lee H. Katzin starring Barry Newman and Anna Karina. It is based on a novel by Helen MacInnes.
 When Lincoln Paid (1913) is a silent film written by William Clifford and directed by Francis Ford who also appears in the film as Abraham Lincoln.
 Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt Anthony Hopkins Aidan Quinn Julia Ormond and Henry Thomas. Based on the 1979 novella of the same title by Jim Harrison the film is about three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of early 1900s and how their lives are affected by nature history war and love.
 Young Triffie directed by Mary Walsh is a dark comedy written by Ray Guy a Newfoundland essayist based on his own play entitled Young Triffie's Been Made Away With (1985).It was produced by Denise Robert and Daniel Louis and featured a cast including Andrea Martin Jonny Harris Colin Mochrie Susan Kent and Remy Girard with lead actor Fred Ewanuick of Corner Gas fame.Set in 1947 before Newfoundland joined Confederation the film is about a clumsy and unpopular Newfoundland Ranger (Alan Hepditch played by Fred Ewanuick) who is sent to investigate a case of sexually assaulted and mutilated sheep in fictional outport Swyer's Harbour.
 The American Ruling Class is a 2005 dramatic documentary film written by Lewis H.
 Davy Crockett – In Hearts United is a 1909 American silent starring Charles K. French as Davy Crockett with Evelyn Graham Charles Bauman Charles W. Travis and Charles Inslee. The film was directed by Fred Balshofer and distributed by New York Motion Picture Co. It was commercially released on June 4 1909 in the United States. This is believed to be the first movie ever made about Davy Crockett.
 Pobres millonarios (Poor Millionaires) is a 1957 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Heroes of Telemark is a 1965 war film directed by Anthony Mann based on the true story of the Norwegian heavy water sabotage during World War II. It was filmed on location in Norway.
 The Three Godfathers is a 1916 American silent film featuring Harry Carey. The film was remade in 1919 as Marked Men which also starred Carey.
 The First Olympics: Athens 1896 is a 1984 US TV miniseries produced by Columbia Pictures Television for broadcast by the NBC network. This television miniseries tells the story of the founding of the modern Olympics by focusing on individuals in several countries and their preparations and eventual competition in Athens in 1896. The two-part mini-series originally aired in the United States on 20 May 1984.
 Cameriera bella presenza offresi... (Housemaid) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Giorgio Pastina. Federico Fellini was one of its scriptwriters.
 The Haunted Airman is a Psychological thriller film first aired on BBC on 31 October 2006. Adapted from Dennis Wheatley's 1948 novel The Haunting of Toby Jugg it was directed by Chris Durlacher and starred Robert Pattinson in the title role.
 Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan known as The Man Who Owned Broadway. It stars James Cagney Joan Leslie Walter Huston and Richard Whorf and features Irene Manning George Tobias Rosemary DeCamp and Jeanne Cagney.The movie was written by Robert Buckner and Edmund Joseph and directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Plaza de almas (English: Soul's Square) is a 1997 Argentine drama film written directed by Fernando Díaz.The picture was produced by Daniel Burman Fernando Díaz and Diego Dubcovsky.It stars Olga Zubarry Norman Briski Vera Fogwill and others.
 Homerun (Chinese: 跑吧孩子; pinyin: pǎo bà háizǐ) is a 2003 Singaporean Mandarin-language film. A remake of the award-winning Iranian film Children of Heaven Homerun is a drama about two poor siblings and their adventures over a lost pair of shoes.
 Keoma also released in various countries under the titles Django Rides Again and The Violent Breed is a 1976 Spaghetti Western film directed by Enzo G. Castellari and starring Franco Nero and Donald O'Brien. It is regarding by some as one of the better late Spaghetti Westerns incorporating many newer cinematic techniques of the time (such as slow motion and close/medium panning shots) gun fights and having an anti-hero & vocal musical soundtrack.
 A Woman's Way is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Calla (Hangul: 카라; RR: Kalra) is a 1999 South Korean romance film about a man who travels back in time to save the girl he loves from getting killed. Directed by Song Hae-sung it stars Song Seung-heon and Kim Hee-sun.
 Kaali is a 1980 bi-lingual film made by I. V. Sasi in Tamil and Telugu. It stars Rajinikanth and Seema in the lead along with Vijayakumar and Phataphat Jayalaxmi in prominent roles. In the Telugu version Rajinikanth reprised the same role while Chiranjeevi replaced Vijayakumar. This was the first time that Rajinikanth and Chiranjeevi acted together. Seema enacted dual roles in this film. Kaikala Satyanarayana plays the main villain in both the versions.
 Aai Bahar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Crime Over London is a 1936 British crime film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Margot Grahame Paul Cavanagh and David Burns. It was made at Isleworth Studios based on the novel House of a Thousand Windows by Ludwig von Wohl. The film's sets were designed by art director Edward Carrick.
 The Frog Prince aka Cannon Movie Tales: The Frog Prince Der Froschkönig (West Germany) is a 1986 musical film based on the Brothers Grimm's classic fairytale. It is rated G and was filmed in Tel Aviv Israel. The tagline was Cannon Movie Tales: Lavish Feature length new versions of the world's best loved storybook classics.
 Jean Taris Swimming Champion (French: Taris roi de l'eau or La natation par Jean Taris champion de France or Taris champion de natation) is a 1931 French short documentary film directed by Jean Vigo about the French swimmer Jean Taris. The film is notable for the many innovative techniques that Vigo uses including close ups and freeze frames of the swimmer's body.
 Conjurer is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Clint Hutchison and written by Hutchison and David Yarbrough.
 Murder is an Indian thriller film series produced by Mahesh Bhatt and Mukesh Bhatt under the banner of Vishesh Films. The first two films Murder and Murder 2 were adult rated films and met with huge commercial success which made Murder one of the most successful film franchises in India. The first two instalments are still regarded as the one of most successful adult films in India.
 Københavnere is a 1933 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr. and written by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 For Better or For Worse is a 1993 feature-length documentary film produced by David Collier. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Turning 30!!! is a 2011 Bollywood film produced by Prakash Jha and directed by Alankita Srivastav - a longtime assistant of Jha.The movie features Gul Panag Siddharth Makkar and Purab Kohli with music composed by the music director duo of Sidharth-Suhas whose past works include Dil Dosti and Bhram.The film is a young urban love story and women centric film and for the first time a non-political story by Prakash Jha.
 The Spider and the Fly is a 1949 film directed by Robert Hamer. An unusual love triangle develops between two criminals and a policeman on the eve of World War I.
 King Arthur Was a Gentleman is a 1942 British black-and-white comedy musical film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Ronald Shiner as Sargent and Arthur Askey as Arthur King. It was produced by Edward Black and Maurice Ostrer for Gainsborough Pictures.
 The Hussy (French: La drôlesse) is a 1979 French drama film directed by Jacques Doillon. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival where Doillon won the Young Cinema Award.
 American History X is a 1998 American drama film directed by Tony Kaye and written by David McKenna. It stars Edward Norton and Edward Furlong and co-stars Fairuza Balk Stacy Keach Elliott Gould Avery Brooks Ethan Suplee and Beverly D'Angelo. The film was released in the United States on October 30 1998 and was distributed by New Line Cinema.The film tells the story of two Venice Los Angeles brothers who become involved in the neo-Nazi movement.
 Santa Fe Trail is a 1940 American western film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland Raymond Massey and Ronald Reagan. Written by Robert Buckner the film is about the abolitionist John Brown and his fanatical attacks on slavery as a prelude to the Civil War. Subthemes include J.E.B.
 Barnabo of the Mountains (Italian: Barnabo delle montagne) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Mario Brenta. It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Naan Sigappu Manithan (English: I am a Red Man) is a 1985 Tamil film directed by S.A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Rajinikanth Sathyaraj Bhagyaraj Ambika in lead roles with music by Ilaiyaraja. This was remade by B.R. Chopra's Aaj Ki Awaaz (1986). Sinhala film Veera Udara (1990) is a remake of this film.
 Intoxication (German: Rausch) is a 1919 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Asta Nielsen Alfred Abel and Karl Meinhardt. It was based on the play Brott och brott by August Strindberg. Lubitsch was loaned out from UFA to the smaller Argus-Film for the production.
 The Disappearance of Alice Creed is a 2009 British thriller film about the kidnapping of a young woman by two ex-convicts. The film is written and directed by J Blakeson and stars Gemma Arterton as the captured Alice Creed with Martin Compston and Eddie Marsan as Danny and Vic the kidnappers.
 Vicious Circle is a 2008 drama film directed and written by Paul Boyd.
 Shadow The Dark Side of Truth is a 2009 Hindi film produced by and starring visually impaired Nasser Khan. The film is directed by Rohit Nayyar.
 Chess Game (Portuguese: Jogo de Xadrez) is a 2014 Brazilian thriller film written and directed by Luis Antonio Pereira.The film follows the story of a woman who is sentenced to prison because of a social security fraud involving a senator. The senator fears that she can tell the truth to the authorities so he bribes the prison warden to prevent her from telling the truth.
 Twinkletoes is a 1926 silent film romantic drama directed by Charles Brabin and starring Colleen Moore. The film as with most of Moore's vehicles at this time was produced by her husband John McCormick with the couple distributing through Moore's resident studio First National. This film is one of Moore's surviving films from the late silent era and is available on DVD.
 Longe é a cidade – Far is the city is a Portuguese documentary film directed and produced by Ricardo Costa.
 Aasmaan is a 1984 Bollywood movie starring Rajiv Kapoor Tina Munim and Mala Sinha. It was directed by Tony Juneja.
 My Girl is a 1991 American drama film directed by Howard Zieff and written by Laurice Elehwany. The film depicts the coming-of-age of a young girl who faces many different emotional highs and lows and stars Macaulay Culkin and Anna Chlumsky in her feature film debut. The film also stars Dan Aykroyd and Jamie Lee Curtis who also previously starred together in 1983's Trading Places. A sequel My Girl 2 was released in 1994.
 The Dragon Tamers also known as Belles of Taekwondo (Chinese: 女子跆拳群英會) is a 1975 Hong Kong action movie.Long before his development of the “heroic bloodshed” gangster films genre John Woo was a young director struggling to make it in the Hong Kong film industry. The Dragon Tamers was his second film as a Director (his debut film was The Young Dragons (1974)).This average action picture from Golden Harvest was filmed in Korea.
 Sabari (Tamil: சபரி) is a Kollywood film directed by A. R. Suresh. It stars Vijayakanth in the lead role and Malavika Jyorthirmayi Pradeep Rawat & more in supporting roles. Shooting for the film was done at various locations in India including Chennai Pondicherry and Remeshwarm. Songs for the film were shot at Hong Kong. The film released on March 17 2007. The movie was a flop.
 Never Too Young To Die is a 1986 B movie starring John Stamos as Lance Stargrove a young man who with the help of secret-agent Danja Deering (Vanity a.k.a. Denise Matthews) must avenge the death of his secret-agent father (George Lazenby) at the hands of the evil hermaphrodite Velvet Von Ragner (Gene Simmons).
 No País das Amazonas is a 1922 Brazilian silent documentary film directed by Agesilau De Araujo and Silvino Santos.The film was notable in that it was one of the earliest to document the Amazon Rainforest on camera and present it to a wider audience.[citation needed] The film documents the local economies of the Amazonian Indians examining production lines and workers in factories.
 Extraterrestrial (also known under the working title of The Visitors) is a 2014 sci-fi horror film that was directed by Colin Minihan based on a script by both Vicious Brothers. The movie had its world premiere on April 18 2014 at the Tribeca Film Festival and stars Brittany Allen Freddie Stroma and Melanie Papalia as a group of friends that must defend themselves against an alien onslaught.
 Aag Ka Dariya (English: River of Fire) is 1953 Hindi language black-and-white film directed by Roop K. Shorey and starring Karan Dewan Prithviraj Kapoor Meena Shorey Shammi Uma Dutt Johny Walker Manju Cecil. Playback singer for this movie was Talat Mehmood
 Speaking in Strings is a 1999 documentary film directed by Paola di Florio. The film is based on the life of Italian-born violinist Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg and it received a nomination for Best Feature Documentary Film at the 72nd Academy Awards.
 The Protagonists (Italian: I protagonisti) is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Marcello Fondato. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
 Gemini is a 2002 Telugu language remake of the Tamil film Gemini released the same year. It was directed by Saran produced by M. Saravanan and starred Venkatesh and Namitha in the lead roles. The film's title was spelt 'Gemini' to differentiate from the original Tamil version.
 The Finishing Line is a short film produced in 1977 by British Transport Films warning about the dangers children face on railway lines. Although it is not strictly a public information film it is often considered to be so by fans of the genre. It was broadcast in its entirety several times on television but was so controversial that it was replaced less than two years later by the slightly less graphic Robbie.
 Rise of the Gargoyles (A.K.A. La fureur des gargouilles in France) is a 2009 television film directed by Bill Corcoran and produced for the Syfy channel. It is the 18th film in the Maneater Series.
 Bad Guy is a South Korean film by director Kim Ki-duk about a man who traps a woman into prostitution then becomes protective of her. The film was controversial for its frank portrayal of gangsters prostitution and sexual slavery but also was a minor box office hit as its release coincided with a burgeoning audience interest in its male lead and director.
 I Was a Teenage Werewolf is a 1957 horror film starring Michael Landon as a troubled teenager and Whit Bissell as the primary adult. It was co-written and produced by cult film producer Herman Cohen and was one of the most successful films released by American International Pictures (AIP). It was originally released as a double feature with Invasion of the Saucer Men.
 Only the Lonely is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Chris Columbus. It starred John Candy Maureen O'Hara Ally Sheedy and Anthony Quinn. The plot is similar to the earlier award-winning film Marty.
 Khandan also spelled as Khandaan is a 1942 pre-partition Urdu film by D.M. Pancholi starring Pran Khrishna Noor Jehan Ghulam Mohammed and M. Ajmal.Written by Anarkali author Imtiaz Ali Taj and made in Pancholi's Lahore studio.
 The Haunted Mansion is a 2003 American horror comedy film based on the attraction of the same name at Disney theme parks. The film was directed by Rob Minkoff written by David Berenbaum and stars Eddie Murphy Terence Stamp Jennifer Tilly Marsha Thomason and Nathaniel Parker.
 The Mystic Masseur is a Merchant Ivory film based on the novel of the same title by V. S. Naipaul. It is one of relatively few films directed by Ismail Merchant who is better known as the producer in the Merchant Ivory partnership.The movie was the first film adaptation of a novel by Naipaul. It was filmed in Trinidad and was released in 2001 to lukewarm response.The screenplay is by Caryl Phillips.
 Deadly Desire is a 1991 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Charles Corell and starring Jack Scalia Kathryn Harrold and Will Patton.
 Niggas' Revenge is a 2001 controversial 113-minute gay pornographic film produced and directed by Dick Wadd starring Bobby Blake and Flex-Deon Blake in their last film together.
 Telephone Operator is a 1937 American film directed by Scott Pembroke.It is not related to the similarly-titled Operator! (1938 and 1969) AT&T archive films.
 Unidentified Flying Objects is a 1956 semi-documentary.In 1952 Clarence Greene saw an object twisting in the sky. He got in contact with the US Air Force information officer Albert Chop who was in charge of UFO queries. Chop told Greene about the existence of footage of UFOs. Greene obtained the footage for the documentary.
 The Great Discovery is a 2008 feature-length special and film spin-off of the TV series Thomas and Friends. The film is a follow up not a direct sequel (though it does feature some of the same characters) to Thomas and the Magic Railroad and a sequel to Calling All Engines! The DVD was released on 9 September 2008 in the United States and 6 October 2008 in the United Kingdom.
 Corruzione al palazzo di giustizia (internationally released asSmiling Maniacs) is a 1975 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Scott of the Antarctic is a 1948 film which depicts Robert Falcon Scott's ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition and his attempt to be the first to reach the South Pole in Antarctica.
 One Sunday Afternoon is a 1933 American romantic comedy film directed by Stephen R. Roberts and starring Gary Cooper and Fay Wray. Based on the 1933 Broadway play by James Hagan the film is about a middle-aged dentist who reminisces about his unrequited love for a beautiful woman and his former friend who betrayed him and married her. This pre-Code film was released by Paramount Pictures on September 1 1933.
 Nammoora Mandara Hoove (Kannada: ನಮ್ಮೂರ ಮಂದಾರ ಹೂವೆ) is a 1997 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Shivrajkumar Ramesh Prema. The film was remade in Tamil as Kangalin Vaarthaigal.
 Dragon Ball: Yo! Son Goku and His Friends Return!! (ドラゴンボール オッス! 帰ってきた孫悟空と仲間たち!! Doragon Bōru Ossu! Kaette Kita Son Gokū to Nakama-tachi!!) is a 35-minute Dragon Ball animated short film that premiered at the Jump Super Anime Tour in September 2008. It was the first animated Dragon Ball feature in twelve years following the tenth anniversary film The Path to Power.
 Adventures of Tarzan is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Babbar Subhash starring Hemant Birje Dalip Tahil Kimi Katkar and Om Shivpuri. The film was much talked about in its time mainly due to the hot scenes between lead pairs and super hit songs.
 The Powers of Ten films are two short American documentary films written and directed by Charles and Ray Eames. Both works depict the relative scale of the Universe according to an order of magnitude (or logarithmic scale) based on a factor of ten first expanding out from the Earth until the entire universe is surveyed then reducing inward until a single atom and its quarks are observed.
 Mississippi Cold Case is a 2007 feature documentary produced by David Ridgen of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation about the Ku Klux Klan murders of two 19-year-old black youth in 1964 and a brother's quest for justice.
 Erik of het klein insectenboek (English translation: Erik or the small book of insects) is a 2004 Dutch family film based on the homonymous book of Godfried Bomans and co-produced with among others the Danish company Zeitgeist. The film received a Golden Film for 100000 visitors.
 Casablanca Express is a 1989 action war film starring Jason Connery that was filmed in Morocco. It was produced by Pietro Innocenzi and Umberto Innocenzi and directed by Sergio Martino. The film was later featured in an episode of Cinema Insomnia.
 All or Nothing is a 2002 British drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh. Typical of Leigh's work the film is set in present-day London and revolves around three working-class families and the depiction of their everyday lives.
 Manhattan is a 1924 silent film romantic adventure produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It starred Richard Dix and a print survives in a foreign archive.
 'Theekuchi' (English: Matchstick) is a Tamil action film directed by A. L. Raja. The film stars Jai Varma new comer Mythri in lead roles whilst supporting cast like Ashish Vidyarthi Vadivelu and Bhanupriya. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva. The film was released in March 14 2008 to negative reviews.
 The Extra is a 2005 Australian film starring Irish comedian Jimeoin.
 Kangaroo Jack is a 2003 American adventure comedy film directed by David McNally produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Jerry O'Connell Anthony Anderson Estella Warren Michael Shannon and Christopher Walken. An animated sequel Kangaroo Jack: G'Day U.S.A.! was produced and released direct-to-video on November 16 2004. While the film was a box office success it was critically panned.
 Veritas Prince of Truth is a 2007 fantasy film starring Sean Patrick Flanery Bret Loehr Amy Jo Johnson Tyler Posey Kate Walsh Danny Strong and directed by Arturo Ruiz-Esparza.
 White Zombie is a 1932 American independent Pre-Code horror film directed and produced by brothers Victor Halperin and Edward Halperin. The screenplay by Garnett Weston based on a book by William Seabrook tells the story of a young woman's transformation into a zombie at the hands of an evil voodoo master. Béla Lugosi stars as the antagonist Murder Legendre with Madge Bellamy appearing as his victim. Other cast members included Robert W.
 Velicham Vitharunna Penkutty is a 1982 Malayalam-language Indian feature film produced directed Durai starring Shankar Poornima Bhagyaraj Swapna and Raveendran.
 Uncivil Warriors is the eighth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 All Costs Paid (Russian: За всё заплачено translit. Za vsyo zaplacheno) is a Soviet TV miniseries produced by Studio Ekran. The director Aleksei Saltykov well known for his film The Chairman (Russian: Председатель translit. Predsedatel ) with Mikhail Ulyanov an acclaimed Russian actor playing a main character. All Costs Paid is one of the first Soviet feature films that shows the war in Afghanistan.
 Not on the Lips (French: Pas sur la bouche) is a 2003 French musical film directed by Alain Resnais. It is an adaptation of the operetta Pas sur la bouche written by André Barde and Maurice Yvain which was first produced in Paris in 1925.
 The Girl in Black Stockings is a 1957 B-movie mystery film starring Lex Barker Anne Bancroft and Mamie Van Doren.
 Toronto Stories is a film in four segments bound together by a young boy lost in an unknown city. After the prologue the four segments are directed by different people: Shoelaces by Aaron Woodley The Brazilian by Sook-Yin Lee Windows by David Sudz Sutherland and Lost Boys by David Weaver.
 One-Eyed Jacks a 1961 Western is the only film directed by actor Marlon Brando. The picture was originally planned to be directed by Stanley Kubrick from a screenplay by Sam Peckinpah but studio disputes led to their replacement by Brando and Guy Trosper. Brando portrays the lead character Rio and Karl Malden plays his partner Dad Longworth. The supporting cast features Katy Jurado Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens.
 Los Neuróticos is a 1971 Argentine comedy film.
 Nihon Chinbotsu (日本沈没 lit. Japan Sinks) is a 2006 Tokusatsu film directed by Shinji Higuchi and a remake of the 1973 screenplay based on the Komatsu novel. It stars Tsuyoshi Kusanagi Kou Shibasaki Etsushi Toyokawa and Mao Daichi and was released on July 15 2006.The film is also known under the titles Sinking of Japan and Doomsday: The Sinking of Japan. It was parodied in Nihon Igai Zenbu Chinbotsu (Everyone but Japan Sinks).
 Gymkata is a 1985 martial arts film starring Olympic gymnast Kurt Thomas as Jonathan Cabot an Olympic gymnast who combines his gymnastic ability with martial arts to enter a deadly competition in a fictional country Parmistan. The film is based on the 1957 novel The Terrible Game by Dan Tyler Moore adapted for the screen by Charles Robert Carner (of Blind Fury fame) and shot in Yugoslavia.
 Act of Vengeance is a 1986 television movie starring Charles Bronson Ellen Burstyn and Keanu Reeves.
 Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol is a 2011 American action spy film. It is the fourth film in the Mission: Impossible series. It stars Tom Cruise who reprises his role of IMF Agent Ethan Hunt and is director Brad Bird's first live-action film. Ghost Protocol was written by André Nemec and Josh Appelbaum and produced by Cruise J. J. Abrams (the third film's director) and Bryan Burk.
 The Meatrix is an award-winning short flash animation critical of factory farming and industrial agricultural practices. It has been translated into over 30 languages and watched by more than 30 million people. It was made by the green messaging firm Free Range Studios in 2003 as a commissioned project for GRACE Communications Foundation and two sequels were released in 2006 titled The Meatrix II: Revolting and The Meatrix II ½.
 Agantuk (Bengali: আগন্তুক Agontuk lit. The Stranger) English title The Stranger is a 1991 Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray. It was Ray's last film based on one of his short stories Atithi (The Guest). It was a joint Indian-French production with financial backing from companies such as Gérard Depardieu's DD Productions and Canal+.
 Manpower was a short propaganda film produced by the US Office of War Information in 1942.Made early shortly after America's entry into World War II the film addressed the problems associated with the labor market adjusting for war time such as people with the wrong skills rushing to a town looking for war work and labor shortages in essential industries.
 The Dogs (French: Les Chiens) is a 1979 French drama film directed by Alain Jessua. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Not Fade Away is a 2012 drama film and the directorial debut of The Sopranos creator David Chase. It was released on December 21 2012.
 Dum is a Bollywood action film directed by E. Nivas and produced by Ali and Karim Morani. The film stars Vivek Oberoi Diya Mirza Govind Namdeo and Atul Kulkarni in lead roles. Sushant Singh Mukesh Rishi and Sheeba have important supporting roles. The film's music was penned by Sandeep Chowta which's banner is Sony Music Studios. It is a remake of Tamil hit Dhill (2001).
 I Married a Woman is a 1958 American comedy film made in 1956 starring George Gobel and Diana Dors. The movie also features John Wayne in a cameo role as himself. It was filmed in RKO-Scope and black and white except for one of Wayne's two scenes which was shot in Technicolor. The film's original title was So There You Are.
 Romeo 2013 ( Bangla: রোমিও ২০১৩ ) is a Bangladeshi Romantic & action film directed by Raju Chowdhury. The film was produced by Titash Kathchitra. The film featured Bappy Chowdhury Sara Zerin Misha Sawdhagor & Shiva Shanu. Romeo 2013 was released on 50 screens.
 Border Caballero is a 1936 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Casanova Brown is a 1944 American romantic comedy film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gary Cooper Teresa Wright and Frank Morgan. Written by Thomas Mitchell (the actor) Floyd Dell and Nunnally Johnson the film was nominated for three Academy Awards: for Best Score (Arthur Lange) Best Sound Recording (Thomas T. Moulton) and Best Art Direction (Perry Ferguson Julia Heron).
 Mazhayethum Munpe (English: Before the Arrival of Rain) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and written by Sreenivasan. The film stars Mammootty Shobhana Annie and Sreenivasan in the lead roles. In 2005 this movie was remade in Hindi by the same director as Zameer: The Fire Within starring Ajay Devgan Ameesha Patel and Mahima Chaudhry.
 The List is a 2007 American independent feature film that was released nationwide on DVD June 11 2008. It is based on the novel of the same name by author Robert Whitlow. The film was shot in Wilmington North Carolina and Charleston South Carolina. The film stars Malcolm McDowell (Clockwork Orange Halloween) Chuck Carrington (JAG) Hilarie Burton (One Tree Hilll) and Will Patton (Remember the Titans Armageddon).
 The Hero: Love Story of a Spy is a 2003 Bollywood spy thriller film directed by Anil Sharma. The film stars Sunny Deol Preity Zinta and Priyanka Chopra. It registered the highest-ever collections in the Mumbai territory.[citation needed] The film marked the Bollywood debut of actress Priyanka Chopra.
 Blackout is a 1986 Norwegian Film noir directed by Erik Gustavson starring Henrik Scheele and Juni Dahr. The film follows the private investigator Werner (Scheele) as he deals with a beautiful but dangerous woman a brutal chief of police and a gangster boss.
 Écoute voir is a French film a drama-thriller directed by Hugo Santiago with a screenplay by Santiago and Claude Ollier released in 1979. It stars Catherine Deneuve Sami Frey and Anne Parillaud.
 The Case of Becky is a lost 1921 silent film drama based on a successful 1912 David Belasco and Edward J. Locke written play The Case of Becky. Belasco also produced the play. The play starred Belasco's muse Frances Starr. This film was produced by Realart Pictures and released through Paramount Pictures. It is a remake of a 1915 film of the same title starring Blanche Sweet.
 Jadui Putli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 You've Been Trumped is a 2011 documentary by British filmmaker Anthony Baxter. The film documents the construction of a luxury golf course on a beach in Balmedie Aberdeenshire Scotland by Real Estate Tycoon Donald Trump and the subsequent struggles between the locals and Donald Trump and Scottish legal and governmental authorities. The film was briefly ranked as the highest rated British film of all time on the Internet Movie Database.
 Revelation is a 1924 film starring Viola Dana Monte Blue and Lew Cody. The film was directed and written by George D. Baker based upon a popular novel The Rosebud of a Thousand Years. Ms. Viola Dana was one of the top stars of the newly amalgamated MGM a lively comedienne who enjoyed a long career that faded with the emergence of the talkies.
 A Christmas Carol is a 2000 television movie modern adaptation of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. It stars Ross Kemp in the role of Eddie Scrooge.
 Blue Film: Estimation (蒼いフィルム　品さだめ Aoi firumu shinasadame) is a 1968 Japanese pink film directed by Kan Mukai.It is in the Part color-format which was common with Pink films in the late 1960s and early 1970s before Nikkatsu's entry into the genre with their Roman Porno films.
 Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological thriller/horror film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman Vincent Cassel and Mila Kunis. The plot revolves around a production of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake ballet by a prestigious New York City company.
 Walking Too Fast (Czech: Pouta literally handcuffs) is a Czech Thriller and drama film directed by Radim Špaček. It was released in 2010. It is a psychological story about relations between secret police (StB) and dissident movement set in communist Czechoslovakia in the 1980s. The film was likened to the German film The Lives of Others.
 Jacqueline is a 1956 British drama film shot in Belfast and directed by Roy Ward Baker. It is based on the novel The Grand Man (1954) by Catherine Cookson.
 I Think They Call Him John is a short film directed by John Krish. Made in 1964 it is a narrated observation of an elderly lonely man during one day of his life.
 Mayor Muthanna (Kannada: ಮೇಯರ್ ಮುತ್ತಣ್ಣ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Siddalingaiah. The film stars Rajkumar and Bharathi. The film was Siddalingaiah's first as a director.
 Van Gogh is a 1948 short French film directed by Alain Resnais. It won an Academy Award in 1950 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel). It is a remake of a film made the previous year.
 La Biblia en pasta (Spanish for The Bible in pulp paper a Spanish idiom for something hard and difficult) is a 1984 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Summers. It is a humorous version of some episodes from the Old Testament.
 Cook County is a 2008-2009 American independent drama film written directed and produced by the Houston based filmmaker David Pomes.
 A Constant Forge is a 2000 documentary film directed by Charles Kiselyak about the life and work of John Cassavetes.It contains interviews with Cassavetes himself as well as recollections by actors who have worked with him and thoughts by admirers including Lynn Carlin Seymour Cassel Peter Falk John A. Gallagher Ben Gazzara Lelia Goldoni Annette Insdorf Carol Kane Sean Penn Gena Rowlands and Jon Voight.
 Man Without a Star is a 1955 western film starring Kirk Douglas as a wanderer who gets dragged into a range war. It was based on the novel of the same name published in 1952 by Dee Linford.
 Rogue's March is a 1952 film.
 From C to C: Chinese Canadian Stories of Migration is a 2011 documentary film produced and directed by Jordan Paterson. The film premiered on July 16 2011 on CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation)television.
 Hell Up in Harlem is a 1973 blaxploitation film starring Fred Williamson and Gloria Hendry. Written and directed by Larry Cohen it is a sequel to the film Black Caesar.
 Crucified Girl (German:Mädchen am Kreuz) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Valerie Boothby Gertrud de Lalsky and Evelyn Holt. The film's art direction was by Artur Gunther and August Rinaldi.
 My Year Without Sex is an Australian drama film written and directed by Sarah Watt opening the 2009 Adelaide Film Festival and given wider release in May 2009.
 Aha Naa Pellanta is a 2011 Indian Telugu language comedy film written and directed by Veerabhadram . It stars Allari Naresh the son of famous director E. V. V. Satyanarayana and newcomer Ritu Barmecha in the lead roles. Brahmanandam plays an important role. The music is composed by Raghu Kunche. The film was released on 2 March 2011.The Movie completed 50 days in 48 centers across the state and 100 days in all main centers.
 678 (Arabic: فيلم 678‎) is a 2010 Egyptian film by director Mohamed Diab focusing on the sexual harassment of women in Egypt. The film took top prize in the 2010 Dubai International Film Festival Muhr Arab category.
 The Lady Confesses is a 1945 American Film noir directed by Sam Newfield.
 PUNE tc is a Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Abhijeet Choudhary(Director & Founder of Swatantra Theatre Pune). The movie is produced under Zoya & Saara Films.Eros International acquired the overseas rights of the film.
 I See a Dark Stranger – released as The Adventuress in the United States – is a British 1946 World War II spy film with touches of light comedy by the team of Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat and starring Deborah Kerr and Trevor Howard.
 The Law and the Lady (1951) is an American comedy film directed by Edwin H. Knopf starring Greer Garson Michael Wilding and Fernando Lamas and based on the play The Last of Mrs. Cheyney by Frederick Lonsdale. The film is not related to the Wilkie Collins novel The Law and the Lady.
 Man of Aran is a 1934 British fictional documentary (ethnofiction) film directed by Robert J. Flaherty about life on the Aran Islands off the western coast of Ireland. It portrays characters living in premodern conditions documenting their daily routines such as fishing off high cliffs farming potatoes where there is little soil and hunting for huge basking sharks to get liver oil for lamps.
 End of Watch is a 2012 American thriller drama film written and directed by David Ayer. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal (who also serves as executive producer) and Michael Peña as Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) officers who work in South Central Los Angeles. It was originally scheduled to be released on September 28 2012 but the release was moved up a week to September 21. On December 7 the film was given a nationwide re-release.
 Marseille is a 2004 German drama film directed by Angela Schanelec. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kadalpalam is a 1969 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan. Sathyan Prem Nazir Jayabharathi Sheela Bahadoor and Adoor Bhasi star in the lead. The film is an adaptation of the very popular professional stage play of the same name authored by the renowned dramatist K. T. Mohammed which is an adaptation of 1940 Hindi film Prem Nagar. The film was critically well received and was a box office hit.
 Brother of Sleep (German: Schlafes Bruder) is a 1995 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and based on a novel by Austrian writer Robert Schneider. It was chosen as Germany's official submission to the 68th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Idle Roomers is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Sand And Sorrow: A New Documentary about Darfur is a 2007 American documentary film about the Darfur crisis that is narrated and co-executive produced by George Clooney. The film is directed by Paul Freedman and uses interviews and footage of human rights activist John Prendergast Harvard professor Samantha Power and New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof to depict the origins and the aftermath of the conflict between the Arab and non-Arab tribes in the Darfur region.
 Bound is a 1996 American neo-noir crime thriller film written and directed by The Wachowskis in their feature film directorial debut.
 Parchhaiyan is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Sharankumar Chand. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Bindu .
 The Hagstone Demon is a 2009 American horror film directed by Jon Springer and starring Mark Borchardt as a drunken ex-reporter plagued by demonic forces. Borchardt who is best known as the subject of the cult documentary American Movie (1999) appears in a rare leading role in this film.
 Maleficent (/məˈlɛfɪsənt/) is a 2014 dark fantasy horror film directed by Robert Stromberg and produced by Walt Disney Pictures from a screenplay written by Linda Woolverton. Starring Angelina Jolie as the eponymous Disney Villainess character the film is a live-action re-imagining of Walt Disney's 1959 animated film Sleeping Beauty and portrays the story from the perspective of the antagonist Maleficent.
 Storie scellerate internationally released as Bawdy Tales is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.
 Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye (formerly Hhey Gujju) is a 2010 Bollywood romantic comedy film from Viacom 18 Motion Pictures. After production difficulties Viacom 18 Motion Pictures decided in December 2008 to rename the film after the Himesh Reshammiya song Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye.The film stars Reshammiya in double roles. Shooting began in April 2008 in Mumbai and is expected to be released in 2010.
 Good Dick is a 2008 film directed by Marianna Palka.
 A Fear of Strangers is a 1964 British TV drama starring Stanley Baker as a racist police inspector. Although written in 1958 it was banned for six years.
 Kollura Sri Mookambika (Kannada: ಕೊಲ್ಲೂರ ಶ್ರೀ ಮೂಕಾಂಬಿಕಾ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada mythological - devotional film directed and produced by Renuka Sharma. Chi. Udaya Shankar has written the story and screenplay and Pughalendi Mahadevan has scored the music. The film stars Sridhar  Bhavya Vijay Raghavendra and Vajramuni in lead roles. The film is centered around the Goddess Mookambika.The film won State Film Awards in Art direction category.
 The Wine of Summer is a 2013 romantic drama film written directed and produced by Maria Matteoli starring Elsa Pataky Sonia Braga Ethan Peck Najwa Nimri Bob Wells and Marcia Gay Harden.
 Aunt Bill is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Ijé is a Nigerian drama film written by Samuel Tilson & Chineze Anyaene produced by Paula Moreno & Chineze Anyaene directed by Chineze Anyaene and starring Genevieve Nnaji Odalys García and Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde. The film received several nominations and awards including the awards for Best Editing at the Treasure Coast International Film Festival 2010 and Best International Student Film at the Swansea Bay Film Festival 2010.
 The Candy Snatchers is a 1973 exploitation crime cult film directed by Guerdon Trueblood. The film was first released in June 1973 and was unofficially inspired by the kidnapping of Barbara Jane Mackle. It stars Susan Sennet as a teenager that is kidnapped and held for ransom by three amateur criminals.
 Mrs Dalloway is a 1997 British drama film directed by Marleen Gorris and starring Vanessa Redgrave Natascha McElhone and Michael Kitchen. It is an adaptation of the novel Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf. It is a co-production by the United Kingdom United States and the Netherlands.
 1870 (Italian: Correva l'anno di grazia 1870) is a 1971 Italian drama film directed by Alfredo Giannetti.
 Renewal a 2008 documentary film is the first feature-length documentary film to capture the vitality and diversity of today’s religious-environmental activists. Directed and produced by American filmmakers Marty Ostrow and Terry Kay Rockefeller the film includes eight stories that represent the growing religious-environmental movement. Each story is set in a different religious-tradition addressing a different environmental concern.
 A Yank in Australia is a 1942 Australian comedy directed by Alfred J. Goulding an Australian born filmmaker who had worked in Hollywood.
 Let America Laugh is a 2003 documentary film produced and directed by Lance Bangs of stand-up comedian David Cross's tour of small alternative rock clubs. While it does feature small portions of David's stand-up routines it consists mostly of interactions between David and the people accompanying him on tour.Each segment on the DVD has a title taken from a Bible tract by Jack T.
 Under the Red Robe is a 1923 silent historical drama directed by Alan Crosland based upon the Stanley Weyman novel Under the Red Robe. The film marks the last motion picture appearance by stage actor Robert B. Mantell who plays Cardinal Richelieu and the only silent screen performance of opera singer John Charles Thomas.The novel was refilmed in the sound era in 1937 as Under the Red Robe directed by Victor Seastrom. This version is in the public domain and available on InternetArchive.org
 Autoluminescent is a 2011 documentary film about musician Rowland S. Howard directed by Lynn-Maree Milburn and Richard Lowenstein.
 Miss Julie is a 1999 film directed by Mike Figgis based on the play of the same name by August Strindberg starring Saffron Burrows in the role of Miss Julie and Peter Mullan in the role of Jean.
 Edegarike (Kannada: ಎದೆಗಾರಿಕೆ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada crime - drama film directed by Sumana Kittur. The script is based on Agni Shridhar's novel with the same title namewhich is based on his own experience. Agni Shridhar has written the script and dialogues for the film. Syed Aman Bachchan and M.S. Ravindra have produced the film under Megha Movies banner. Aditya Atul Kulkarni and Akanksha are in the lead roles.
 The Gadfly (Russian: Овод) is a 1980 Soviet drama film directed by Nikolai Mashchenko based on the novel The Gadfly by Ethel Lilian Voynich. Its screenplay was written by Yuli Dunsky and Valeri Frid.
 For You Alone is a 1945 British World War II romance melodrama one of only two films directed by cinematographer Geoffrey Faithfull starring Lesley Brook Dinah Sheridan and Jimmy Hanley. The film was made by a smaller studio Butcher's Films – more known for turning out quickly and cheaply shot B-movies – and had a lack of (at the time) star names but appears to have been a relatively sophisticated and well-financed production.
 Le cousin is a 1997 French film directed by Alain Corneau.
 Escápate conmigo (in English: Escape With Me) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as musical and comedy released in 1988. Manuel Mijares has confessed that he fell in love with Lucero since they starred in this film ten years later they got married [1].
 I Spy is a 2002 American spy comedy film starring Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson. The film was directed by Betty Thomas and based on the television series of the same name that aired in the 1960s and starred Robert Culp and Bill Cosby.
 Ferdinando I re di Napoli is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini.
 The Ocean's Trilogy is a series of 3 caper comedies directed by Steven Soderbergh and produced by Jerry Weintraub for Warner Bros. between 2001-07.The first of the films Ocean's Eleven (2001) was a remake of the 1960 film of the same name and was followed due to an immense commercial success by sequels Ocean's Twelve (2004) and Ocean's Thirteen (2007).
 Bluebeard (French: Barbe Bleue) is a 2009 French fantasy film directed by Catherine Breillat.
 The Courtneys of Curzon Street (also titled The Courtney Affair in the U.S.) is a 1947 British drama film starring Anna Neagle and Michael Wilding.The film is one of the most seen British films of all time with 15.9 million tickets sold at the cinema.
 The Divided Trail: A Native American Odyssey is a 1978 American short documentary film directed by Jerry Aronson. It was nominated in 1978 for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. It lost to The Flight of the Gossamer Condor.
 Mrugam (English: Beast) is a 1996 Telugu crime film written and directed by Rudraraju Suresh Varma. Actor J. D. Chakravarthy played the role of a sincere cop in the film
 A Girl in Australia (Italian: Bello onesto emigrato Australia sposerebbe compaesana illibata [Handsome honest emigrant in Australia would marry chaste fellow-countrywoman]) is a 1971 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa with stars Alberto Sordi and Claudia Cardinale.
 Crazy Knights is a 1944 American comedy horror film directed by William Beaudine and starring Billy Gilbert Shemp Howard and Max Rosenbloom.
 Get Up! (ゲロッパ! Geroppa!) is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Kazuyuki Izutsu starring Toshiyuki Nishida. It is about a James Brown-obsessed gangster's last day of freedom before he starts a 5 year prison term.
 That Darn Cat! is a 1965 American Walt Disney Productions thriller comedy film starring Hayley Mills in her last of six films she made for the Walt Disney Studios and Dean Jones starring in his first film for Disney in a story about bank robbers a kidnapping and a mischievous cat. The film was based on the book Undercover Cat by Gordon and Mildred Gordon and was directed by Robert Stevenson. The title song was written by the Sherman Brothers and sung by Bobby Darin.
 Dancing Vienna (German:Das tanzende Wien) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara Ben Lyon and Alfred Abel. The film's art direction was by Andrej Andrejew Ferdinand Bellan and Erich Kettelhut. It was one of several prototypes of the Heimatfilm made by Zelnik in the 1920s. The film was intended as a loose sequel to Zelnik's The Blue Danube (1926).
 Billy Blazes Esq. is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. The film was a parody of Westerns of the time. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the British Film Institute.
 Galaxy Quest is a 1999 Comic science fiction parody film about a troupe of actors who defend a group of aliens against an alien warlord. It was directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon. Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks and David Newman composed the music score.
 Bought and Paid For is a 1922 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by William C. deMille and starred Agnes Ayres. It is based on a play by George Broadhurst performed on Broadway in 1911 with Julia Dean and revived 1921 respectively.
 Hafta Vasuli is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Deepak Balraj Vij. It stars Jackie Shroff Aditya Pancholi Ayub Khan Madhoo and Saadhika Randhawa in pivotal roles.
 Crusoe is a 1989 film directed by Caleb Deschanel. It is a variation on the story told in the novel Robinson Crusoe written by author Daniel Defoe. The film stars Aidan Quinn as Crusoe.
 Aravindhan (Tamil: அரவிந்தன்) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer T. Nagarajan starring Sarath Kumar Parthiban Nagma Oorvasi Prakash Raj and Visu in lead and pivotal roles. The film marks the debut of noted music composer Yuvan Shankar Raja musician Ilaiyaraaja's youngest son and the debut of cinematographer R. Rathnavelu. The film flopped miserably at the box-office. The film is based on the 1968 Kizhavenmani massacre in which 44 people were burnt alive.
 El malvado Carabel (The Evil Carabel) is a 1960 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Mask (re-released as Eyes of Hell) is a 1961 Canadian horror film produced in 3-D by Warner Bros. It was directed by Julian Roffman and stars Paul Stevens Claudette Nevins and Bill Walker. It was shot in Toronto Ontario and is the first Canadian horror film.
 The Heart of Christmas is a 2011 American Christian drama feature film directed by Gary Wheeler and starring Candace Cameron Bure Erin Bethea Jeanne Neilson Eric Jay Beck George Newbern and Matthew West in his film debut. It is based on a true story. It involves a woman’s encounter with a family caring for a child with acute leukemia and how it transforms her faith and her attitude about her own family.
 Fuori uno sotto un altro... arriva il passatore (internationally released as Holy God Here Comes the Passatore! God Help Us Here Comes the Passatore! and Holy God It's the Passatore) is a 1973 Italian adventure-comedy film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo. It is loosely based on the real life events of Stefano Pelloni an Italian highwaymen best known as Il Passatore.
 Yaamirukka Bayamey is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy thriller film written and directed by debutant Deekay and produced by Elred Kumar. The cast includes Kreshna Rupa Manjari Oviya and Karuna. 15 technicians will be introduced in the film which started shooting in Nainital in October. It was previously titled as Illa Aanalum Irukku.
 Mouna Guru (Tamil: மௌன குரு; English: The Silent Teacher) is a 2011 Tamil thriller film directed by Santha Kumar and produced by M. K. Thamizharasu. The film featured Arulnithi and Iniya in the lead roles with John Vijay and Uma Riyaz Khan in supporting roles. Mouna guru illustrates a misunderstood college youth becomes unwittingly involved in a crime plot that spirals his life out of order. The film which has music composed by S.
 Ugramm (Kannada: ಉಗ್ರಂ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada Crime Thriller action-drama film directed by debutant Prashanth Neel and produced under the banner Inkfinite Pictures. It stars Srimurali and Haripriya as the lead pair supported by Thilak Shekar Atul Kulkarni Avinash Jai Jagadish Padmaja Rao and others. The renowned cinematographer Ravi Varman makes his debut in Kannada films. Ugramm completed 75 successful days and running towards 100 days and declared as a MASS HIT.
 Party Girl is an upcoming French drama film directed by Marie Amachoukeli Claire Burger and Samuel Theis. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 God Bless the Child is a 1988 film directed by Lary Elikann. It depicts the struggle of homelessness and the perpetual cycle of poverty and how it affects people and tells the story of the sacrifices of a single mother Theresa Johnson (played by Mare Winningham) in hope of a better life for her daughter Hillary Johnson (played by Grace Johnston).
 Jarum Halus is a 2008 Malaysian drama film. It is a modern-day adaptation of William Shakespeare's Othello.
 Siri Sirimal was a popular Sri Lankan television series directed by Sunil Costha. It was adapted from Mark Twain's 1876 novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and was telecast on Rupavahini from 2007-2008. The theme song and sound track for the series were composed by Dinesh Subasinghe (for which he won the Golden award for best music director at the 2009 SIGNIS Awards).
 Pony Express is a 1953 American western film directed by Jerry Hopper and starring Charlton Heston as Buffalo Bill Forrest Tucker as Wild Bill Hickok Jan Sterling as a Calamity Jane type character and Rhonda Fleming that was filmed in Kanab Utah. The story is largely based on the 1925 silent film The Pony Express and tells a highly fictionalized account of the formation of the Pony Express rapid transcontinental mail delivery pioneers in 1860’s United States.
 Bhoothakkannadi (Malayalam: ഭൂതക്കണ്ണാടി Translation:Magnifying glass) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Lohithadas. It tells the story of Vidyadharan (Mammootty) a clocksmith's incapability to deal with the harsh realities of his life. This was Lohithadas's first movie as a director and was critically acclaimed. Lohithadas won the Indira Gandhi Award for Best First Film of a Director at the National Film Awards. It won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Film in 1997.
 Abdullajon or Abdulladzhan ili posvyashchaetsya Stivenu Spilbergu (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian meaning Abdullajon or Dedicated to Steven Spielberg) is a 1991 Uzbek science fiction comedy film directed by Zulfiqor Musoqov. The film contains references to science fiction films of Steven Spielberg. The story is told in the first person by a security guard as a letter to Steven Spielberg in broken but funny Russian. Most of the characters in the film speak in Uzbek.
 The Pied Piper of Cleveland: A Day in the Life of a Famous Disc Jockey is an American musical documentary film produced in the fall of 1955 documenting the career of disc jockey Bill Randle. Arthur Cohen directed the film which was produced by Bill Randle himself. Included in the film was live footage shot at several live shows at local high schools and auditoriums on and around October 20 1955.
 Law and Disorder in Johannesburg is a British documentary. It was a Louis Theroux documentary and ran for 60 minutes.
 Trouble the Water is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by Tia Lessin and Carl Deal producers of Fahrenheit 9/11. Trouble the Water is a redemptive tale of a couple surviving failed levees bungling bureaucrats and their own troubled past and a portrait of a community abandoned long before Hurricane Katrina hit featuring music by Massive Attack Mary Mary Citizen Cope John Lee Hooker The Roots Dr. John and Blackkoldmadina.
 The Good the Bad and Huckleberry Hound is a 1988 animated television movie that stars Huckleberry Hound. It was a part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series of televised movies. This television feature is a parody of various western movies the title is a take-off of The Good the Bad and the Ugly and a major plot point is lifted from High Noon.
 The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo (Spanish: Las Madres de la Plaza de Mayo) is a 1985 Argentine documentary film directed by Susana Blaustein Muñoz and Lourdes Portillo about the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Unearthed is a 2006 horror film directed by Matthew Leutwyler (Dead & Breakfast) and starring Emmanuelle Vaugier (Saw II) and Luke Goss. This monster movie opened on November 9 2007 as one of the 8 Films to Die For in the After Dark Films Horrorfest.
 Madame la Presidente is a surviving 1916 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco and directed by Frank Lloyd. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and stars Broadway legend and musical comedy star Anna Held in what would be her final and only feature length film. The film is based on a play Madame Presidente that starred Fannie Ward on Broadway.
 Buscando a Mónica (English: Searching for Monica) is a 1962 Argentine-Spanish black-and-white film musical film drama directed by José María Forqué. The film premiered on 29 January 1962 in Madrid and was named El Secreto de Mónica. it was first shown in Argentina on 29 March in Buenos Aires. It starred Alberto de Mendoza and Carmen Sevilla.
 The Monster Walks (1932) directed by Frank R. Strayer is a black-and-white horror movie.
 Left Behind is an upcoming American apocalyptic thriller/biblical interpretation film directed by Vic Armstrong and written by Paul LaLonde and John Patus. It is based on the novel series of same name written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins and a reboot of Left Behind: The Movie which is based on the idea of a pre-tribulation Rapture. The film is set for an October 3 2014 release.
 Sing Sinner Sing is a 1933 American film directed by Howard Christie.
 Un aller simple (One-way ticket) is a French film directed by Laurent Heynemann adapted from the novel of the same name by Didier Van Cauwelaert which had won the Prix Goncourt in 1994.
 The Shadow (1940) was the ninth serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was based upon the classic radio series and pulp magazine character with the same name.
 Excellent Cadavers (also known as Falcone) is a 1999 television film directed by Ricky Tognazzi.The film is based on the book with the same name by Alexander Stille and tells the real life events of judge Giovanni Falcone. It was filmed in Palermo and Rome.The TV movie was broadcast by HBO October 16 1999. In Italy it was released theatrically with the title I giudici - vittime eccellenti on August 2000.
 Not to be confused with Heart of Darkness (1993) a film version of the original novel that Apocalypse Now is based on.Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse is a 1991 documentary film about the production of Apocalypse Now.
 La Chismosa is a 1938 Argentine film. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 The Starlit Garden is a 1923 British silent romantic film directed by Guy Newall and starring Newall Ivy Duke Lawford Davidson and Mary Rorke. The film is set in Italy and concerns a doomed romance between a ward and her guardian. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios.
 If I Were King is a 1938 American biographical historical drama film starring Ronald Colman as medieval poet François Villon and featuring Basil Rathbone and Frances Dee. It is based on the 1901 play and novel both of the same name by Justin Huntly McCarthy and was directed by Frank Lloyd with a screenplay adaptation by Preston Sturges.
 Charley's Web is an Australian film shot in 1984 about a man who dreams of being Prime Minister.
 Silver Bells is a 2005 television film starring Anne Heche and Tate Donovan. It was produced by Hallmark Hall of Fame Productions for their made-for-television film series and was based on the novel of the same name by Luanne Rice.
 Mig og min lillebror og storsmuglerne is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Dirch Passer.
 Dragon Ball Z: Wrath of the Dragon known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Fist Explosion!! If Goku Can't Do It Who Will? (ドラゴンボールZ 龍拳爆発!!悟空がやらねば誰がやる Doragon Bōru Zetto Ryū-Ken Bakuhatsu!! Gokū ga Yaraneba Dare ga Yaru) is the thirteenth Dragon Ball Z feature movie.
 Chopratown (2005) is a comedy drama from the BBC about private eye Vic Chopra (Sanjeev Bhaskar). In the film Chopra investigates Ali Ergun (Omid Djalili) a shady Turkish bakery owner. During his investigation he falls foul of Asian wide boy Ash Desai (Manish Patel) and added to this is the mystery of a missing cow.Chopratown was directed by Sean Grundy who also directed the first series of the Channel 4 drama Sugar Rush. The name Chopratown is a pun on the Jack Nicholson cult film Chinatown.
 Sleeping Dogs Lie (originally titled Stay and released in the United Kingdom as Sleeping Dogs) is a 2005 American black romantic comedy film written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait about a woman whose relationships are damaged when she reluctantly reveals that she committed an act of bestiality with her dog while in college.The film has been cited as a favorite by filmmaker John Waters who presented it as his annual selection at the 2007 Maryland Film Festival.
 Boys Will Be Boys is a 1935 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine which stars Will Hay Gordon Harker and Jimmy Hanley. The film is set at Narkover School where headmaster Doctor Alec Smart (Will Hay) becomes involved in the disappearance of a valuable necklace.The setting is loosely based on the works of Beachcomber where Narkover is a school specializing in gambling and extortion and the headmaster is a Dr. Smart-Allick.
 La vendetta di Ursus internationally released as The Vengeance of Ursus and The Mighty Warrior is a 1961 Italian peplum film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Challenger is an ABC TV-movie based on the events surrounding the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster. Its production was somewhat controversial as the families of the astronauts generally objected to it. The film concentrates on the safety inspections and arguments surrounding the O-rings that ultimately were blamed for the breakup of Challenger. While doing this it also aims to show the personal humanity of the seven crew members.
 Jolly LLB is a 2013 National award winning Bollywood courtroom comedy drama film written and directed by Subhash Kapoor. The film stars Arshad Warsi Boman Irani and Amrita Rao in lead roles. The theatrical trailer was revealed on 8 January 2013. The film released on 15 March 2013.
 The Mirror Boy is a 2011 Nigerian fantasy adventure drama film written & directed by Obi Emelonye produced by Patrick Campbell and starring Genevieve Nnaji Osita Iheme and Edward Kagutuzi. The film which was shot in England and the Gambia received 3 nominations at the 2011 African Movie Academy Awards.
 Grand Prix is a 1966 American action film with an international cast. The picture was directed by John Frankenheimer with music by Maurice Jarre and stars James Garner Eva Marie Saint Yves Montand Brian Bedford Jessica Walter and Antonio Sabàto. Toshiro Mifune has a supporting role as a race team owner inspired by Soichiro Honda. The picture was photographed in Super Panavision 70 by Lionel Lindon and presented in 70 mm Cinerama in premiere engagements.
 Dot Goes to Hollywood is a 1987 Australian film directed by Yoram Gross.
 Christmas Holiday is a 1944 American film noir directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Deanna Durbin Gene Kelly and Richard Whorf. Based on the 1939 novel Christmas Holiday by W. Somerset Maugham the film is about a woman who marries a Southern aristocrat who inherited his family's streak of violence and instability and soon drags the woman into a life of misery.
 Densen Uta (伝染歌 Contagious Song) is a 2007 Japanese satiric Japanese horror film produced by Shochiku Corporation and directed by Masato Harada. Many of the cast are members of the AKB48 idol girl group.
 Poster Girl is a 2010 documentary film about an American soldier's experience with posttraumatic stress disorder after returning from the Iraq War. The film showed at the 37th Telluride Film Festival on September 3 2010.
 Dil Diya Dard Liya is a 1966 Hindi film based upon Emily Brontë's celebrated novel Wuthering Heights. The film is directed by Abdul Rashid Kardar and Dilip Kumar. The film stars Dilip Kumar Waheeda Rehman Pran Rehman Shyama and Johnny Walker. The music is by Naushad. The songs include koi sagar dil ko bahalata nahin phir teri kahani yaad aayi guzare hain aaj ishq mein dilruba maine tere pyar mein.
 Best of the Best 4: Without Warning is a 1998 direct-to-video martial arts-action film written and directed by the film's star Phillip Rhee. It is the third sequel in the Best of the Best film series. The film co-stars Ernie Hudson Tobin Bell Paul Gleason and Sven-Ole Thorsen.
 Penn & Teller Get Killed is a 1989 black comedy film directed by Arthur Penn starring magicians Penn & Teller. The duo play themselves in a satirical account of what the audience would perhaps imagine the pair doing in their daily lives. Most of the action involves Penn and Teller playing practical jokes on each other along with Penn's girlfriend Carlotta (Caitlin Clarke). The final joke as the title of the film implies has serious consequences for all three.
 The Son of Tarzan (1920) is a 15-chapter film serial which focuses on the coming of age of Jack Clayton also known as Korak the son of Tarzan and Jane. The serial was produced by David P. Howells written by Roy Somerville (based on the 1915 novel The Son of Tarzan by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by Arthur J. Flaven and Harry Revier. The film was released starting in the summer of 1920 with the final chapter released in January 1921.
 Vallavan (Tamil: வல்லவன்) (English: Expert) is a 2006 Tamil film written and directed by T. R. Silambarasan starring himself in the title role along with Nayantara Reema Sen and Sandhya whilst Santhanam Premji Amaren Sathyan and S. Ve. Shekhar play supporting roles. The dialogues are written by noted writer Balakumaran whilst the film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 The Witness: From the Balcony of Room 306 is a 2008 documentary short film created to honor the 40th annual remembrance of the life and death of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The film received a 2008 Academy Award Nomination in the Documentary Short Subject Category at the 81st Academy Awards.
 Fight or Flight is a 2007 documentary film produced by Peter J McCarthy and directed by McCarthy and Shane Sutton. The film won Best Foreign Documentary at the Long Island Film Festival as well as Best Documentary at festivals in Hamburg Toronto and California. The film took over five years to make and was first premiered at the DocNz International film festival in Auckland New Zealand in October 2007.
 Buppah Rahtree Phase 2: Rahtree Returns (Thai: บุปผาราตรี เฟส 2) is a 2005 Thai comedy-horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak. It is a sequel to the 2003 film Buppah Rahtree.
 The Forbidden Education (Spanish: La Educación Prohibida) is an independent documentary released in 2012. The film documents diverse alternative education practices and unconventional schools in Latin America and Spain and includes educational approaches such as popular education Montessori progressive education Waldorf homeschooling.It became the first released movie in Spanish to be funded under a crowdfunding methodology.
 Sky Dragon (also titled Murder in the Air) is a 1949 mystery film the sixth in which Roland Winters portrayed Charlie Chan. This film is the last Chan film in the series that originated in 1930 with Fox Film Corporation production of Charlie Chan Carries On starring Warner Oland.
 Eight Minutes to Midnight: A Portrait of Dr. Helen Caldicott is a 1981 documentary film directed by Mary Benjamin. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Miracle Maker (Russian: Чудотворец) is a 1922 Soviet comedy film directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev.
 The Jubilee of Mr Ikel (Croatian: Jubilej gospodina Ikla) is a 1955 Yugoslav feature film directed by Vatroslav Mimica.
 Eleven Samurai (Japanese: 十一人の侍 romaji: Jūichinin no Samurai) is a 1966 Japanese jidaigeki (period drama) film directed by Eiichi Kudo. It is also referred to as 11 Samurai. This is the third and final chapter in Kudo's Samurai Revolution trilogy. The plot is a samurai epic with a loose historical basis.
 Mannequin Two: On the Move is a 1991 romantic comedy film and a partial sequel to the 1987 film Mannequin. The film stars Kristy Swanson as a mannequin who was frozen one thousand years ago by an evil sorcerer using a magic necklace.
 Bardelys the Magnificent is a 1926 American romantic silent film directed by King Vidor and starring John Gilbert and Eleanor Boardman. The film is based on a novel by Rafael Sabatini. It was the second film of the 19 year old John Wayne who had a minor role.
 The Right Approach is a 1961 film directed by David Butler. It stars Juliet Prowse Frankie Vaughan and Martha Hyer.
 Everything I Have Is Yours is a 1952 American Technicolor musical film.
 Le Concert is a 2009 French comedy film by Radu Mihăileanu starring Aleksei Guskov Mélanie Laurent and Miou-Miou. It won the Best Original Score and Best Sound awards at César Awards 2010. It was also nominated for two Magritte Awards in the category of Best Co-Production and Best Editing for Ludo Troch in 2011 and Best Foreign Film at the 68th Golden Globe Awards.
 Darling is a 2007 Swedish drama film directed by Johan Kling about an irresponsible young woman in central Stockholm who befriends an older man. The film was generally well received by critics.
 Baffled! is a 1973 television movie intended as a pilot for a television series. The story is part of the occult detective sub-genre.Race car driver Tom Kovack (played by Leonard Nimoy) suddenly begins to experience psychic visions. He meets Michelle Brent (played by Susan Hampshire) an expert on the paranormal and the two form an unlikely partnership. Kovack's visions draw them into an occult themed mystery at a remote inn on the English coast.
 Isla brava is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Elsa Daniel.
 Conquest of Cochise is a 1953 fictional and anachronistic Technicolor Western set in 1853 at the time of the Gadsen Purchase. Produced by Jungle Sam Katzman and directed by William Castle it stars Robert Stack and John Hodiak.
 Seraphim Falls is a 2006 American revenge Western film directed by television producer and director David Von Ancken in his first feature film. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Von Ancken and Abby Everett Jaques. The fictional story focuses on a bounty hunt for a Union soldier by a Confederate colonel following the American Civil War in the late 1860s. Pierce Brosnan Liam Neeson Michael Wincott Tom Noonan and Ed Lauter star in principal roles.
 For the Bible Tells Me So is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Daniel G. Karslake about homosexuality and its perceived conflict with Christianity as well as various interpretations of what the Bible says about same-sex sexuality.It includes lengthy interview segments with several sets of religious parents (including former House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt and his wife Jane and the parents of Bishop V.
 King Queen Knave is a 1972 West German comedy film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski based on the novel of the same name by Vladimir Nabokov. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
 36 Ghante is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Raj Tilak. The film stars Raaj Kumar Mala Sinha Sunil Dutt Vijay Arora Ranjeet Danny Denzongpa Parveen Babi Iftekhar and Deven Verma. The film's music is by Sapan Chakraborty. It is a remake of the American film The Desperate Hours which was adapted from Joseph Hayes' novel.
 Shiva and May is an upcoming drama film written and directed by Diane Bell. The film stars Jessica Biel Zosia Mamet Joe Anderson and Edi Gathegi. The film will be produced by Jonathan Schwartz Andrea Sperling and Greg Ammon.
 Le rose di Danzica (internationally released as The Roses of Danzig) is an Italian war-drama film directed by Alberto Bevilacqua that was released theatrically in December 1979 and was later broadcast in a longer version in 1981 on Rai 2. It is based on Bevilaqua's own novel with the same name.
 Wildfire is a 1945 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey. The film is also known as Wildfire: The Story of a Horse in the United Kingdom.
 The Escapist is a 2008 drama thriller starring Brian Cox Joseph Fiennes Liam Cunningham Seu Jorge Dominic Cooper Steven Mackintosh Stephen Farrelly and Damian Lewis. It is directed and co-written by Rupert Wyatt and premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival to considerable acclaim. An Irish-UK co-production the film was produced by Alan Moloney of Parallel Films and Adrian Sturges of Picture Farm.
 Sorority Girl (also known as Sorority House or The Bad One) is a 1957 exploitation film directed by Roger Corman. It stars Susan Cabot as Sabra a sociopath who plays a very disruptive role in a sorority with Barboura Morris as Rita and Dick Miller and June Kenney.The film was remade in 1994 as Confessions of a Sorority Girl.
 Holy Man is a 1998 comedy drama film directed by Stephen Herek. It starred Eddie Murphy Jeff Goldblum and Kelly Preston. The film was a box office and critical failure.
 Green Fish (Hangul: 초록 물고기; RR: Chorok Mulgogi) is a 1997 South Korean film. It was the first feature-length film directed by Lee Chang-dong who also wrote the screenplay. Lee had previously been known as a novelist and high school teacher. The film stars Han Suk-kyu in one of his first major film roles.
 Always Remember I Love You is a 1990 television film starring Patty Duke and Stephen Dorff. It tells the story of a teenage boy who after finding out he was adopted runs away from home to search for his biological family.
 Let's Fall in Love is a 1933 romantic musical film starring Edmund Lowe and Ann Sothern. Released by Columbia Pictures the film was directed by David Burton and written by Herbert Fields.
 Death in Venice (original Italian title: Morte a Venezia) is a 1971 Italian-French drama film directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Dirk Bogarde and Björn Andrésen. It is based on the novella Death in Venice first published in 1912 as Der Tod in Venedig by the German author Thomas Mann.
 Tamami: The Baby's Curse (赤んぼ少女Akanbo Shojo) is a 2008 Japanese horror movie based on a Kazuo Umezu manga directed by Yūdai Yamaguchi.
 No Minor Vices is a 1948 American black-and-white comedy film written by Arnold Manoff and directed by Lewis Milestone with Robert Aldrich as 1st assistant director. Created for David Loew's Enterprise Productions the film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and is the last of four films made by Dana Andrews for Lewis Milstone.
 Fightgirl Ayse (also known as Fightgirl or Fighter) is a 2007 drama film directed by Natasha Arthy.
 Origine contrôlée (US title: Made in France) is a 2001 French comedy-drama film starring Ronit Elkabetz. It is also the debut French-language picture to star Elkabetz famous for Hebrew-language roles in her native Israel. Elkabetz acquired French fluency after moving to France in 1997. The film was written and directed by Ahmed Bouchaala and Zakia Tahri. It was awarded the Le Roger Award for Best French Feature by the Avignon & New York Film Festival.
 Vinayaka Geleyara Balaga (Kannada: ವಿನಾಯಕ ಗೆಳೆಯರ ಬಳಗ) is a 2011 Kannada movie starring Vijay Raghavendra Naveen Krishna and Meghana Gaonkar. Although the plot is borrowed from the Tamil movie Subramaniapuram it is based on a real life incident in Bangalore's Prakash Nagar in 1985. It is directed by Nagendra Prasad. V. Harikrishna has composed the music and 'Safety' Prakash is the cinematographer.
 The Joy of Life (2005) is an experimental landscape documentary film about the history of suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge and the adventures of a butch lesbian in San Francisco California.
 Saayad (Translation: Probablyसायद) is a 2012 Nepali Coming of age Comedy-drama film written and directed by Suroj Subba Nalbo. Produced by Sunil Rawal under the banner of Durgish Films the film features Sunil Rawal Samyam Puri & Wilson Bikram Rai in pivotal roles.
 Anna Susanna is an East German drama film directed by Richard Nicolas. It was released in 1953.
 La Guerre des boutons or War of the Buttons is a 1962 French film directed by Yves Robert about two rival kid gangs whose playful combats escalate into violence. The title derives from the buttons that are cut-off from the rival team's clothes as combat trophies.
 Romeoo is a 2007 Malayalam romantic comedy film written by Rafi Mecartin and directed by Rajasenan starring Dileep Vimala Raman Sruthi Lakshmi and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles. The film received mostly negative reviews upon release but managed to become an above average grosser at the box office.
 Canciones de amor en Lolita's Club (English: Lolita’s Club) is a 2007 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Eduardo Noriega and Flora Martínez. The plot follows the story of twin brothers one is a coldhearted violent police officer the other is a helpless romantic with a mental disability. The two brothers are tragically involved with a prostitute who works in the bordello that gives the film its title.
 Reel Love is a 2011 made-for-TV movie directed by Brian K. Roberts which stars LeAnn Rimes and Burt Reynolds.The movie premiered on November 13 2011 on CMT
 David's Mother is a 1994 American television film directed by Robert Allan Ackerman and stars Kirstie Alley as a devoted mother trying to cope with her autistic teenage son David (Michael Goorjian). The film aired on CBS on April 10 1994 it has also aired internationally. In the UK it can often be seen on television movie channels True Movies 1 and True Movies 2.
 Rio Eu Te Amo (English: Rio I Love You) is an upcoming anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities. The film is a sequel of sorts to the 2006 film Paris je t'aime and to the 2009 film New York I Love You. It's the third film in the Cities of Love franchise created and produced by Emmanuel Benbihy.
 We'll Meet Again is a 2002 film based on the novel of the same name by Mary Higgins Clark.
 Bright Lights is a 1935 film directed by Busby Berkeley.
 Adorable Julia (German: Julia Du bist zauberhaft) is a 1962 Austrian comedy film directed by Alfred Weidenmann. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Having You is an English drama film directed and written by Sam Hoare. Film stars Anna Friel Romola Garai Andrew Buchan Phil Davis Isaac Andrews and Steven Cree. It tells the story of a man named Jack who's living with his pregnant partner Camilla but one day Anna a one night stand from 8 years earlier shows up and informs him he has a son called Phoenix. Jack begins to spend time with his son but is reluctant to tell Camilla about everything that's been going on.
 Lady Killer is a 1995 drama film directed by Steven Schachter and stars Judith Light as a married woman who breaks off an affair with a younger man Jack Wagner who doesn't react well and targets her daughter Tracey Gold.
 Pinocchio is a 1940 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the children's novel The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi. It was the second animated feature film produced by Disney made after the success of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937). The plot of the film involves an old wood-carver named Geppetto who carves a wooden puppet named Pinocchio.
 Pilgrim's Progress: Journey to Heaven (or simply Pilgrim's Progress) is a 2008 Christian film loosely based on John Bunyan’s classic novel The Pilgrim's Progress. It was written and directed by Danny Carrales and starred Daniel Kruse as Christian. The film was featured at the Merrimack Valley Christian Film Festival.
 Shameless: The ART of Disability is a documentary film by Bonnie Sherr Klein about persons with disabilities. Produced in 2006 by the National Film Board of Canada it is Klein's first film since a catastrophic stroke in 1987 left her a quadriplegic.
 The Good the Bad the Weird (Hangul: 좋은 놈 나쁜 놈 이상한 놈; RR: Jo-eun nom nappeun nom isanghan nom) is a 2008 South Korean Western film directed by Kim Jee-woon starring Song Kang-ho Lee Byung-hun and Jung Woo-sung. It was inspired by Sergio Leone's The Good the Bad and the Ugly.The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and was released on a limited basis in the U.S. on April 23 2010.
 Vanna Vanna Pookkal is a 1992 Indian Tamil film directed by Balu Mahendra starring Prashanth Mounica and Vinodhini in lead roles. The film produced by S. Thanu had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil at the 39th National Film Awards. The film completed a 100-day run.
 Haunted is a 1995 British film by veteran director Lewis Gilbert and starring Aidan Quinn Kate Beckinsale Anthony Andrews and John Gielgud. It is based on a novel of the same name by James Herbert. The film was produced by Andrews and Gilbert.
 Hearts Are Thumps is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 152nd Our Gang short (153rd episode 64th talking short and 65th talking episode) that was released.
 Busman's Honeymoon is a 1940 British detective film directed by Arthur B. Woods. An adaptation of the Lord Peter Wimsey story Busman's Honeymoon by Dorothy L. Sayers it starred Robert Montgomery Constance Cummings Leslie Banks Seymour Hicks Robert Newton and Googie Withers.
 Beautiful Boxer (Thai: บิวตี้ฟูล บ๊อกเซอร์) is a Thai biographical sports film by Singapore-based director Ekachai Uekrongtham. It tells the life story of Nong Thoom a famous kathoey (trans woman) Muay Thai fighter actress and model. She was portrayed by male kickboxer Asanee Suwan.
 Five Days also known as Paid to Kill is a 1954 crime drama film directed by Montgomery Tully starring Dane Clark. It was made by Hammer Film Productions.
 Casanova is a 1987 American biographical comedy television film directed by Simon Langton. It depicts real life events of Giacomo Casanova.
 The Miracle Man is a 1932 American drama film directed by Norman Z. McLeod starring Sylvia Sidney and featuring Boris Karloff. It is a remake of the 1919 film of the same name. The film was originally supposed to star Tyrone Power Sr as the Preacher/Patriarch but he died before major filming got underway. His part was then completed by Hobart Bosworth.
 Shubhayathra (Malayalam: ശുഭയാത്ര translation: Happy Journey) is a 1990 Malayalam-language romantic drama film directed by Kamal and written by Ranjith. The story is by P. R. Nathan. Starring Jayaram and Parvathy in the lead roles and Innocent K. P. A. C. Lalitha Mamukkoya and Jagadeesh in other pivotal roles the film examines the life of middle class Malayalee families in Mumbai.
 The Restless Breed is a 1957 western film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Scott Brady and Anne Bancroft.
 Lilly Turner is a 1933 Pre-Code melodrama about a woman who marries a bigamist then a drunk and falls in love with another man all while working at a carnival. It was based on the 1932 play of the same name by Phillip Dunning and George Abbott.
 Bandipotu Dongalu (Telugu: బందిపోటు దొంగలు) is a 1968 Telugu Drama film written and directed by K. S. Prakash Rao. The film is starring S. V. Ranga Rao Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Kongara Jaggayya in key roles. It is also a Musical film with some Melodious songs rendered by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao. The music score provided by Pendyala Nageswara Rao.The film is based on story of reforming the Bandits who are the result of social injustice.
 The Delicate Art of Parking is an 87-minute Canadian comedy/mockumentary film released on May 14 2003. It was written by Trent Carlson and Blake Corbet and directed by Trent Carlson and produced by Blake Corbet Andrew Currie and Kevin Eastwood. It has received numerous awards including Best Canadian Film and Most Popular Canadian Film.
 Red Road is a 2006 British film directed by Andrea Arnold. It tells the story of a CCTV security operator who observes through her monitors a man from her past. It is named after and partly set at the Red Road flats in Barmulloch Glasgow Scotland which were the tallest residential buildings in Europe at the time they were built.
 The Final Comedown is a 1972 blaxploitation drama film written produced and directed by Oscar Williams and starring Billy Dee Williams and D'Urville Martin. The film is an examination of racism in the United States and depicts a shootout between a radical black nationalist group and the police with the backstory leading up to the shootout told through flashbacks.
 The Face Behind the Mask is a crime-drama film released by Columbia Pictures in 1941. It stars Peter Lorre and Evelyn Keyes and was directed by Robert Florey. The screenplay was adapted by Paul Jarrico Arthur Levinson and Allen Vincent from the play Interim written by Thomas Edward O'Connell.
 Christian (Czech: Kristián) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1939. Film shooted based on French play.
 After Shave (1999) is a short film written and directed by Noël Mitrani starring Russian actor Sacha Bourdo.
 52nd Street is a 1937 film starring Ian Hunter.
 Video violence also known as Video Violence... When Renting is Not Enough is a 1987 Independent horror film directed by Gary Cohen. The film is shot with a VHS camera similar to many rental films of the 1980s and early 90's.
 Floating Weeds (浮草 Ukigusa) is a 1959 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu starring Ganjiro Nakamura and Machiko Kyo. It is a remake of Ozu's own black-and-white silent film A Story of Floating Weeds (1934).
 Shanti Kranti is a 1991 Indian Kannada film which has story screenplay dialogues and direction by V. Ravichandran. The film starred Ravichandran Juhi Chawla and Anant Nag in lead roles. The film was simultaneously released in Tamil as Nattukku Oru Nallavan and Telugu under the same title in 1991. Akkineni Nagarjuna was the lead in Telugu version while Rajinikanth was in the lead in Tamil version. Incidentally all the versions failed at the box-office and Ravichandran incurred huge losses.
 The Jayne Mansfield Story is 1980 television film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Loni Anderson as the sex goddess and Arnold Schwarzenegger as her body builder husband; based on the life of Jayne Mansfield. The film was originally titled Jayne Mansfield: A Symbol of the '50s.
 Traci Townsend is a 2006 comedy film directed by Craig Ross Jr. which stars Jazsmin Lewis and Mari Morrow. It was written by Bobby Thompson who was also a producer of the film.
 Mid-Afternoon Barks (Chinese: 下午狗叫; pinyin: Xiàwǔ Gǒu Jiào) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuedong. The film was the first directorial effort for Zhang who was previously an established theater director in Beijing.Mid-Afternoon Barks is a surrealist triptych of stories that take place in Beijing all involving the installation of electrical poles. The film shared the Dragons and Tigers Award at the 2007 Vancouver International Film Festival with Fujian Blue by director Weng Shouming.
 Pippi in the South Seas (original title: Pippi Långstrump på de sju haven) is a 1970 Swedish movie based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking. It was released in the USA in 1975.
 The Seventh Sun of Love (Greek: O 7os ilios tou erota) is a 2001 Greek drama film directed by Vangelis Serdaris. It was entered into the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.
 C'è sempre un ma! is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Carla Del Poggio.
 Heading South (French: Vers le sud) is a 2005 French drama film by director Laurent Cantet and based on three short stories by Dany Laferrière it depicts the experiences of three middle-aged white women in the late 1970s traveling to Haiti for the purposes of sexual tourism with young men. Their adventures (as seen in their eyes) are juxtaposed with class issues and the deteriorating political climate of Haiti at the time. The women demonstrate different attitudes to the complex situation.
 At the Top of the Stairs (French: En haut des marches) is a 1983 French drama film starring Danielle Darrieux and was directed by Paul Vecchiali. It tells the story of a widow who returns to a former house that had been hers 18 years after her husband was killed.
 Mandhira Punnagai (Tamil: மந்திர புன்னகை)(English: Mystic Smile) is an Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by Karu Pazhaniappan starring himself in the lead role along with Meenakshi and Santhanam. The film was released in 19 November 2010.
 Kal Ki Awaz is a 1992 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Raj Babbar Amrita Singh Pratibha Sinha.
 Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1924 silent film drama based on the Booth Tarkington novel of the same name. Filmed at Paramount Studios in New York City it was produced and directed by Sidney Olcott and starred Rudolph Valentino.
 The Flamingo Kid is a 1984 comedy film directed by Garry Marshall written by Marshall Neal Marshall and Bo Goldman. It stars Matt Dillon Richard Crenna Hector Elizondo and Janet Jones.
 An American Rhapsody is a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama film that tells a story of 15-year-old girl from a Hungarian-American family. The film is based on the true story of the director Éva Gárdos who also wrote the script.The film stars Nastassja Kinski Scarlett Johansson and others.
 Desire is a 1982 Filipino- American film directed by Eddie Romero and starred John Saxon Judith Chapman and Tetchie Agbayani.
 Worth Winning is a 1989 film starring Mark Harmon Madeleine Stowe and Lesley Ann Warren directed by Will Mackenzie. It was written by Josann McGibbon and Sara Parriott based on the novel by Dan Lewandowski.
 Orden de matar is a 1965 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 The Devil's Brother or Bogus Bandits or Fra Diavolo is a 1933 comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy. It is based on Daniel Auber's operetta Fra Diavolo about the Italian bandit Fra Diavolo. At 90 minutes it is the longest film Laurel and Hardy made.
 Mother (母 Haha) is a 1963 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 Payment on Demand is a 1951 drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt that stars Bette Davis. The screenplay by Bernhardt and Bruce Manning chronicles a marriage from its idealistic early days to its dissolution.
 Immanuel also publicized as Emmanuel is a Malayalam drama film directed by Lal Jose and produced by S. George. The film stars Mammootty in the title role with Reenu Mathews and Fahadh Faasil. Lal Jose has stated that it is a soft film sans hullabaloo and essentially tells the story of Immanuel’s intrinsic goodness even in the face of adversity.
 Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp is a mixed hardcore pornography and hip hop music video featuring the music of rapper Snoop Dogg produced by Hustler Video. The video was also directed co-produced and presented by Snoop although he does not feature in any sex scenes. In the films credits Snoop is listed under the moniker Snoop Scorsese.
 The Purple Dress is a 1918 two reel silent short film directed by Martin Justice.
 Chain of Command is a 2000 action/adventure film starring Roy Scheider and Patrick Muldoon.
 At the Beginning of Glorious Days is the second part of a two-part film that started with The Youth of Peter the Great. Both parts were released in the Soviet Union in 1980 and are based on a novel Peter I written by Aleksey Tolstoy. The film was directed by Russian director Sergey Gerasimov. The movie is considered to be a classic of Russian historical cinema.
 Adultery Diary: One More Time While I'm Still Wet (不倫日記　濡れたままもう一度 Furin nikki: nureta mama mō ichidō) is a 1996 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiki Satō. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. The film was released on video as My Wife is a Ghost: One More Time While I'm Still Wet (奥様はゆうれい　濡れたままもう一度 Okusama wa yūrei: nureta mama mō ichidō).
 Dalamarmarangal (English: Whispers of the Petals) is a family artistic film written and directed by Vijayakrishnan. The film is produced under Film Fantasy and distributed through Movie Bazaar.
 Jaagruti is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Suresh Krissna released on 3 July 1992. The film stars Salman Khan and Karisma Kapoor in lead roles.
 The Boy with the X-Ray Eyes is a 1999 adventure/fantasy film directed by Jeff Burr. It stars Bryan Neal as Andy a teenager who one day finds a special pair of powerful glasses and not long after is visited by aliens who need his help in order to retrieve a lost item that could destroy Earth.
 The Sentinel (French: La sentinelle) is a 1992 French thriller film directed by Arnaud Desplechin. It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Scrooge is a 1935 British fantasy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Seymour Hicks Donald Calthrop and Robert Cochran. Hicks appears as Ebenezer Scrooge the miser who hates Christmas. It was the first sound version of the Charles Dickens classic A Christmas Carol not counting a 1928 short subject that now appears to be lost. Hicks had previously played the role of Scrooge on the stage many times beginning in 1901 and again in a 1913 British silent film version.
 Earthlings is a 2005 documentary film about humanity's use of animals as pets food clothing entertainment and for scientific research. The film is narrated by Joaquin Phoenix features music by Moby was directed by Shaun Monson and was co-produced by Maggie Q all of whom are practicing vegans.
 Facing Mirrors (Persian: Aynehaye Rooberoo‎ French: Face aux miroirs) is a 2011 Iranian drama film directed by Negar Azarbayjani.
 Predestination is a 2014 Australian sci-fi thriller film directed and written by Michael Spierig & Peter Spierig. It is based on the short story '—All You Zombies—' written by Robert A. Heinlein. The film stars Ethan Hawke Sarah Snook and Noah Taylor.
 The Night Holds Terror is a 1955 American crime film written and directed by Andrew L. Stone that stars Vince Edwards John Cassavetes and Jack Kelly.It was originally shown on Z Channel uncut and commercial-free.
 Voyage to the Edge of the World (French: Voyage au bout du monde) is a 1976 French nature documentary film directed by Jacques-Yves Cousteau his son Philippe Cousteau and Marshall Flaum. The film follows a four months expedition led through Antarctica by the end of 1975 and the beginning of 1976. It was Cousteau's third and last full-length film following The Silent World (1956) and World Without Sun (1964).
 The Devil's Henchman is a 1949 movie featuring Warner Baxter Mary Beth Hughes Mike Mazurki and Regis Toomey. The film was written by Eric Taylor and directed by Seymour Friedman.
 Thillu Mullu is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by Badri who earlier directed Veerappu and Ainthaam Padai. It is a remake of Rajinikanth's film Thillu Mullu which itself was a remake of Hindi film Gol Maal. The film stars Shiva and Isha Talwar. Prakash Raj enacted the character essayed by the late Thengai Srinivasan. Kovai Sarala Sathyan Ilavarasu Manobala played supporting roles. The music was jointly scored by M. S.
 Practically Yours is a 1944 comedic film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Mitchell Leisen written by Norman Krasna and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray.
 Peruchazhi (Malayalam: പെരുച്ചാഴി) is an upcoming Malayalam political satire/comedy film written and directed by Arun Vaidyanathan. It stars Mohanlal Mukesh Vijay Babu Aju Varghese Ragini Nandwani Sandra Thomas in lead roles. The film is produced by Vijay Babu and Sandra Thomas under the banner Friday Film House.
 Embrace of the Vampire is a 1995 vampire horror film rated R by the MPAA for strong sexuality violence and language. A more graphic version (which is 1 minute longer than the rated R version) which is not rated is also available in North America. It was filmed in Faribault Minnesota US. In 2013 a direct-to-video remake by Anchor Bay Home Entertainment was released starring Sharon Hinnendael.
 Up Front is a 1951 comedy starring Tom Ewell and David Wayne based on Bill Mauldin's World War II comic characters Willie and Joe.
 Sitting Bull is a 1954 Western film directed by Sidney Salkow and René Cardona that was filmed in Mexico in CinemaScope. In a greatly fictionalised form it depicts the war between Sitting Bull and the American forces leading up to the Battle of the Little Bighorn and Custer's Last Stand. It was the first independent production to be filmed in the CinemaScope process. Featuring sympathetic portrayals of Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse The New York Times called it a crazy horse opera.
 Manishada is a 1975 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Last Clear Chance is a 1959 American short film produced and directed by Robert Carlisle. Sponsored by Union Pacific Railroad Last Clear Chance is a safety film intended to warn young drivers to be careful at railroad crossings. The film's cast consists of William Boyett Harold Agee Mrs. Harold Agee Tim Bosworth William Agee Christine Lynch and Lou Spraker. Written by Leland Baxter the film was shot in parts of Idaho.
 Tennessee Champ is a 1954 drama with strong Christian overtones starring Shelley Winters Keenan Wynn Dewey Martin and Charles Bronson (credited as Charles Buchinsky) and directed by Fred M. Wilcox.Mounted as a title to fill out double and triple bills (a B-movie) Tennessee Champ was one of several films Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer shot in its pet process of Ansco Color a ruddy-looking process employed on the same year's Brigadoon.
 Qué tan lejos also known as How Much Farther? in English Si Loin? in French and Wie weit noch? in German. It is a 2006 Ecuadorian film directed by Tania Hermida and starring Pancho Aguirre Tania Martinez Fausto Miño and Cecilia Vallejo.
 The Captivating Star of Happiness (Russian: Звезда пленительного счастья; Zvezda plenitelnogo schastya; 1975) is a Soviet film. The title is an allusion to a line from a poem by Alexander Pushkin. It is a costume drama dedicated to the women of Russia.The story is set in the aftermath of the Decembrist revolt against Tsar Nicholas I in 1825. The revolt is repressed and the military officers involved confess one by one.
 Camp Blood: The Musical is a 2006 '80s style slasher musical underground film by Tanner Barklow Jefferson Craig and Thomas Hughes. The movie follows six teenagers (a virgin jock whore nerd rebel and goth) who arrive at Camp Blood to work as counselors for the summer but instead find themselves terrorized by a killer in a ski mask.
 Far from Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog is a 1995 adventure film starring Jesse Bradford and directed by Phillip Borsos. Its cumulative box office earnings were $10435021. The film currently has a B- at Box Office Mojo.
 King Solomon's Mines is a 2004 two-part TV miniseries the fifth film adaptation of the 1885 novel by the same name by Henry Rider Haggard. Starring Patrick Swayze as Allan Quartermain (it is spelled Allan Quartermain in the credits unlike the book which has Allan Quatermain) and Alison Doody as Elizabeth Maitland the film was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and originally aired June 6 2004 on Hallmark Channel.
 The Stranger is a 2010 Canadian-American action film written by Quinn Scott and directed by Robert Lieberman and starring former WWE wrestler Steve Austin. The film was released on direct-to-DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on June 1 2010.
 The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American action film directed by Tony Scott starring Bruce Willis Damon Wayans Chelsea Field Noble Willingham Taylor Negron and Danielle Harris. The film was released in the United States on December 13 1991.
 Olympia is a 1998 film about a Mexican soap opera star who leaves her career behind to pursue her first love - javelin throwing. She comes to the USA and takes up with a coach who's never coached before. Director Bob Byington suggests that the movie is about doing something you don't know how to do and the film may or may not suggest this theme.The movie won the Grand Jury prize of best drama at the Long Island Film Festival
 The Poet and the Little Mother (Danish: Poeten og Lillemor) is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Henning Moritzen. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Man Called Back is a 1932 American film directed by Robert Florey.Based on the novel Silent Thunder by Andrew Soutar the story follows a disgraced doctor (Conrad Nagel) who exiles himself to the South Seas and is rehabilitated by meeting a society woman and her irresponsible husband. This film was independently produced for the bargain-basement price of $68000 partly because Florey was allowed to re-use the tropical set constructed for RKO Pictures' 1932 Bird of Paradise.
 Die Supernasen is a 1983 West German comedy film featuring Thomas Gottschalk and Mike Krüger. The name of the movie The Supernoses refers to the fact that both of them have big noses.The two have worked together in several very popular movies. They were mostly college-movies in a German setting - two naughty young men in Bavaria with lots of beautiful girls and funny complications. Their current popularity keeps their old films alive like this film Die Supernasen.
 That One Night is a Canadian comedy film directed written and produced by Rick Alyea. This film stars Crystal Lowe Amanda Crew and Sam Easton who were all from the 2006 horror film Final Destination 3. The film was shown at the 2008 Omaha Film Festival.
 Riot On Redchurch Street is an upcoming London-based musical drama directed by Trevor Miller - starring Sam Hazeldine Alysson Paradis Jesse Birdsall and Les McKeown. The soundtrack includes four original songs written by Siobhan Fahey and is scheduled for international release Summer 2012.
 Juno is a 2007 Canadian-American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and written by Diablo Cody. Ellen Page stars as the title character an independent-minded teenager confronting an unplanned pregnancy and the subsequent events that put pressures of adult life onto her. Michael Cera Jennifer Garner Jason Bateman Allison Janney and J. K. Simmons also star. Filming spanned from early February to March 2007 in Vancouver British Columbia.
 Hurrah is a 1998 Australian film directed by Frank Shields about a man living on his own in an isolated farm property who is visited by a mysterious woman.
 Hubble (also known as Hubble 3D IMAX: Hubble or IMAX: Hubble 3D) is a Canadian-American 2010 documentary film about the Hubble Space Telescope repair mission.This film is rated G by the MPAA.
 Steptoe and Son is a 1972 British comedy drama film and a spin-off from the popular British television comedy series of the same name about a pair of rag and bone men. It starred Wilfrid Brambell and Harry H. Corbett as the eponymous characters Albert and Harold Steptoe respectively. It also features Carolyn Seymour.
 A Commuter Kind of Love (Norwegian: Kjærleikens ferjereiser) is a 1979 Norwegian drama film directed by Hans Otto Nicolayssen starring Eilif Armand Frøydis Armand and Per Jansen. It takes place on a small island off the coast of north-western Norway where people deal with such various problems as rural flight alcohol- and pill abuse and abortion.
 The Emperor's Candlesticks is a 1937 film starring William Powell and Luise Rainer based on the novel of the same name by Baroness Orczy. It was directed by George Fitzmaurice. The film is a story about spies from opposing sides who fall in love in pre-revolutionary Russia.
 Hide N' Seek is a 2012 Malayalam-language film directed by Anil. The film stars Mukesh in the lead role.Kalidasa Kalakendram a renowned drama company founded by O. Madhavan ventured into film production through this film.
 The Deer's Bell (Chinese: 鹿铃) is a Chinese animated film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Bell on a Deer and Lu Ling.
 At Five in the Afternoon (Persian: Panj é asr‎) is a 2003 film by Iranian writer-director Samira Makhmalbaf. It tells the story of an ambitious young woman trying to gain an education in Afghanistan after the defeat of the Taliban. The title comes from a Federico García Lorca poem and is a tale of flourishing against the odds.At Five in the Afternoon was the first film to be shot in Kabul after the NATO invasion.
 The White Gorilla is a 1945 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser. The film was made by re-editing the 1927 silent film Perils of the Jungle and adding new footage as a framing plot. This was done without regard to differences in film quality or speed.
 Horror Castle (Italian: La vergine di Norimberga also known as The Castle of Terror The Virgin of Nuremberg Terror Castle and Back to the Killer) is a 1963 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti.
 Pranayakalam (Malayalam: പ്രണയകാലം.; English: Season of Love) is a 2007 Malayalam romantic film directed by débutant Uday Ananthan.
 Heavy Metal in Baghdad is a 2007 rockumentary film following filmmakers Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi as they track down the Iraqi heavy metal band Acrassicauda amidst the Iraq War.
 Nata Sarvabhouma (Kannada: ನಟ ಸಾರ್ವಭೌಮ) is a 1968 documentary film on Rajkumar directed by Aaruru Pattabhi. It was made coinciding the occasion of the release of his 100th film Bhagyada Baagilu. The documentary introduced Rajkumar's village home family members and also contained clippings of some of his films. It also has the footage of his felicitation by Gubbi Veeranna and conferring him the title Nata Sarvabhouma.
 Encino Man is a 1992 comedy film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Brendan Fraser Sean Astin and Pauly Shore. The plot revolves around two geeky teenagers from Encino Los Angeles California played by Astin and Shore who discover a caveman in their backyard frozen in a block of ice. The caveman played by Fraser has to learn to live in the 20th century. Along the way he teaches them about life. It was followed by a TV movie sequel Encino Woman in 1996.
 The Sleeping City is a 1950 film noir shot in semidocumentary style set in and shot at New York's Bellevue Hospital. It was directed by George Sherman and features Richard Conte Coleen Gray and Richard Taber.The film is notable for its dark and evocative photography above-par performances by featured players and taut script by Jo Eisinger best known for his script of Night and the City.
 Under the Radar is a 2004 Australian comedy film directed by Evan Clarry and starring Nathan Phillips Clayton Watson Steady Eddy and Chloe Maxwell. It was filmed in the Gold Coast Queensland Australia.
 Hum Dono (Hindi: हम दोनों; Urdu: ہم دونوں‎; Both of Us) is a 1985 Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna Hema Malini and Reena Roy and is directed by B.S. Glaad. The music is by R D Burman and the songs are sung by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhonsle.The box office collections were Rs.45000000 in 1985. The film was a remake of Telugu film Sommokadidi Sokokadidi.
 Una Bruna indiavolata is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia.
 Necromancy (AKA A Life for a Life The Toy Factory and The Witching) is a 1972 horror film directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Orson Welles and Pamela Franklin.
 Maya is a 1999 a trilingual devotional film produced and directed by Rama Narayanan. The film featured Napolean alongside Nagma while S. P. Balasubrahmanyam plays a supporting role. The venture was simultaneously shot in Tamil Telugu and Kannada with the other versions being titled as Gurupoornima and Jayasurya respectively with scenes overlapping. The films which had music composed by P. R. G opened in January 1999.
 Muscle Up a Little Closer is the 176th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Julia is a 2008 French crime drama film directed by Erick Zonca starring Tilda Swinton. It was shot in California and Mexico. The film was inspired by the John Cassavetes film Gloria.
 Kunisada Chūji (国定忠治 Kunisada Chūji) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Shigehiro Ozawa.
 L'arcidiavolo is a 1966 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Weekend with Kate is a 1990 Australian film. It was the last feature directed by Arch Nicholson.
 Goppinti Alludu is a 2000 Telugu film directed by E V V Satyanarayana.Nandamuri Balakrishna plays the lead role with Simran Sanghavi and Sadhika playing the heroines. S P Balasubramanyam Kaikala Satyanarayana Kota Srinivasa Rao Sana and Chalapathi Rao are doing supporting roles. Music of the film is composed by Koti. Nandamuri Rama Krishna has produced the film under Ramakrishna Horticulture Studioshome production of Bala Krishna.
 Café de chinos (Chinese Coffee) is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Tokyo Twilight (東京暮色 Tōkyō boshoku) is a 1957 Japanese drama film by Yasujirō Ozu. It is the story of two sisters who are reunited with a mother who left them as children. The film is considered amongst Ozu's darkest postwar films.
 Simhada Mari Sainya (Kannada:ಸಿಂಹದ ಮರಿ ಸೈನ್ಯ) is a 1981 Kannada children's movie directed by S V Rajendra Singh Babu. the film has dangerous stunt of 17 year old Arjun
 Only You is a 1992 film starring Andrew McCarthy Kelly Preston and Helen Hunt. The film was directed by Betty Thomas in her film directing debut.
 The Devil's Backbone (Spanish: El espinazo del diablo) is a 2001 Spanish-Mexican gothic horror film directed by Guillermo del Toro and written by del Toro Antonio Trashorras and David Muñoz. It was independently produced by Pedro Almodóvar and filmed in Madrid.The film is set in Spain 1939 during the final year of the Spanish Civil War. Del Toro considers it his most personal film.
 Typhoon is a 1940 American adventure film directed by Louis King and starring Dorothy Lamour. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects (Farciot Edouart Gordon Jennings Loren L. Ryder).
 The Amazing Quest of Ernest Bliss is a 1936 British romantic comedy film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Cary Grant. It is a remake of the 1920 film The Amazing Quest of Mr. Ernest Bliss.The film was re-issued in the United States in 1937 under the title The Amazing Adventure (also alternatively Romance and Riches) and was edited down from the original UK running time of 80 minutes to 62 minutes. Most prints these days are the shorter one.
 Sanctuary or Sanctuary: Lisa Gerrard is a 2006 documentary film about life and work of Australian musician and singer Lisa Gerrard. It is directed by Clive Collier. The film was released for sale online in September 2006.It includes extensive interviews of Lisa Gerrard and also people she has collaborated with in her career including Michael Mann Hans Zimmer Russell Crowe Graeme Revell Harry Gregson-Williams Brendan Perry Niki Caro Pietro Scalia among others.
 Jawbreaker is a 1999 American black comedy film written and directed by Darren Stein. The film stars Rose McGowan Rebecca Gayheart Julie Benz and Judy Greer as girls in an exclusive clique in their high school. Charlotte Ayanna has a non-speaking cameo role as a murdered prom queen. The film was inspired by the infamous movie Heathers and is often compared to it particularly the plot involving a popular female clique and the accidental murder of one of its members.
 Clarence is a 1990 American film directed by Eric Till.It is a spin-off from the 1946 film It's a Wonderful Life.The film is set in December 1989.The only continuing character from the original film was the guardian angel Clarence played by Robert Carradine.The plot is very similar to the original with Kate Trotter playing the human who needs Clarence's assistance.The film was made for TV and did not have a theatrical release.
 Plot of Fear (Italian: ...e tanta paura also known as Bloody Peanuts and Too Much Fear) is an Italian mystery-thriller movie directed in 1976 by Paolo Cavara. The movie also includes a well-known animated erotic insert directed by Gibba in which as said by Marco Giusti the great Gibba broke out in all kinds of sado-masochistic excess.
 Farewell Moscow (Italian: Mosca addio) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. For this film Liv Ullmann was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress. It is based on the life of Russian Jew Ida Nudel.
 Past Tense is a made-for-television movie mystery.Police detective and part-time novelist Gene Ralston (Scott Glenn) wakes from a nightmare in which he struggles with another man at a sand quarry falls and suffocates when he is covered with sand. In the morning he notices that a new neighbor has moved into the house across the street. Introducing herself to him Tory Bass (Lara Flynn Boyle) exhibits a skittish manner and admits she is preoccupied by the feeling that someone has been murdered.
 Ornette: Made in America is a 1984 American documentary film directed and edited by Shirley Clarke that studies acclaimed saxophonist and free jazz innovator Ornette Coleman. The film does not chronicle the life of Coleman but rather emulates his freeform style by mixing together excerpts from performances interviews experimental music videos and reenactments of Coleman's childhood. Included are interviews with and original footage of William S.
 Sita Sings the Blues is a 2008 animated film written directed produced and animated entirely by American artist Nina Paley (with the exception of some fight animation by Jake Friedman in the Battle of Lanka scene) primarily using 2D computer graphics and Flash Animation.It intersperses events from the Ramayana light-hearted but knowledgeable discussion of historical background by a trio of Indian shadow puppets musical interludes voiced with tracks by Annette Hanshaw and scenes from the artist's own life. 
 Loafer is a 2014 Bengali drama film directed by Ashish Mitra and produced under the banner of Vibha Arts and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. The film features actors Lokesh Ghosh and Suchandra in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.
 A Thousand Kisses (Dutch: Ik omhels je met 1000 armen) is a 2006 Dutch drama film directed by Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen. It was based on the novel of the same name by Ronald Giphart.
 Jefferson in Paris is a 1995 Franco-American historical drama film directed by James Ivory and previously entitled Head and Heart. The screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is a semi-fictional account of Thomas Jefferson's tenure as the Ambassador of the United States to France before his Presidency and of his alleged relationships with artist Maria Cosway and slave Sally Hemings.
 Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan. It stars Christian Bale as Batman along with Michael Caine Liam Neeson Katie Holmes Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman.
 Mabudachi (En. Bad Company) is a 2001 Japanese film written and directed by Tomoyuki Furumaya. It stars Ryosuke Takahashi.
 The Sheriff's Dilemma is a 1915 film featuring Harry Carey.
 Flags of Our Fathers is a 2006 American war film directed co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood and written by William Broyles Jr. and Paul Haggis.
 Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame is a 2010 Chinese-Hong Kong action mystery film directed and produced by Tsui Hark and features art direction and fight choreography by Sammo Hung and starring Andy Lau Carina Lau Li Bingbing Deng Chao and Tony Leung Ka-fai.The film tells the story of the fictional account of Di Renjie one of the most celebrated officials of the Tang Dynasty.Principal photography for Detective Dee began in May 2009; the film was shot at Hengdian World Studios in Zhejiang China. 
 The Girl from Monday is a 2005 American film directed by Hal Hartley. The film deals with the consequences of business monopolization and globalization. Filmed in New York City and Puerto Rico the film was first shown at the Sundance Film Festival. After a limited run in New York it was shown at various festivals in America and Europe.
 Give Me Ten Desperate Men (French: Donnez-moi dix hommes désespérés) is a 1962 French drama film directed by Pierre Zimmer. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Do Not Disturb is a DeLuxe Color CinemaScope (1965) romantic comedy film directed by Ralph Levy starring Doris Day and Rod Taylor as Janet and Mike Harper a married couple who relocate to England when Mike is transferred by the company for whom he works.
 Shark Tale is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. It tells the story of a young fish named Oscar (voiced by Will Smith) who falsely claims to have killed the son of a shark mob boss to win favour with the mob boss' enemies and advance his own community standing.
 Uran Khatola is a 1955 Hindi movie produced by music director Naushad and directed by S. U. Sunny. The film stars Dilip Kumar Nimmi Jeevan and Tun Tun. The films music is by Naushad. Songs are written by Shakeel Badayuni.
 Tokyo Decadence (トパーズ Topāzu) is a 1992 Japanese pink film. The film was directed by Ryu Murakami with music by Ryuichi Sakamoto. The film stars Miho Nikaido and is known by two other titles Topaz and Sex Dreams of Topaz.[citation needed] It has been banned in Australia and South Korea. Shimada Masahiko appears in the film.A timid Japanese college girl Ai (愛 lit.
 Radio Flyer is a 1992 drama-fantasy film from Columbia Pictures.
 Ernest the Rebel is a 1938 French comedy film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Pierre Alcover Mona Goya and Arthur Devère.
 The Valley is an amateur film made by then fifteen-year-old Peter Jackson in 1976 with his friends. It was strongly influenced by the films of Ray Harryhausen. It was filmed silent on a Super 8 camera and was shown on children's television show Spot On.
 Sex Drink and Bloodshed (Croatian: Seks piće i krvoproliće) is a Croatian action film. It was released in 2004.
 My Wife and the Dog (Arabic: زوجتي و الكلب‎ translit. Zawgaty Wal Kalb) is a 1971 Egyptian film directed by Said Marzouk. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Fine Feathers is a 1937 British musical film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Stella Arbenina Jack Hobbs Renee Houston and Francis L. Sullivan. Its plot concerns a woman out on a picnic who becomes lost and stumbles across a gang who persuade her to impersonate the mistress of the Crown Prince of Boravia. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios.
 Fighting Birds (喧嘩鴛鴦 Kenka Oshidori) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Katsuhiko Tasaka (田坂勝彦).
 Spellbound (1941) is a British drama film directed by John Harlow. The film is based on the novel The Necromancer by Robert Hugh Benson. The film was released in the US in 1945 under the titles of Ghost Story and The Spell of Amy Nugent to avoid confusion with Alfred Hitchcock's Spellbound released later in 1945.
 He Laughs Last is a 1920 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Bandhe Haath (English: Tied Hands) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and written by O. P. Ralhan. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Mumtaz Ajit O P Ralhan Ranjeet Madan Puri Asit Sen Tun Tun and Pinchoo Kapoor. The films music is by R. D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 El Greco is a Greek biographical film about the life of the Greek painter of the Spanish Renaissance Domenicos Theotokopoulos known worldwide as El Greco. Based on the fictionalized biographical novel El Greco: o Zografos tou Theou (El Greco: the Painter of God) by Dimitris Siatopoulos it was released in 2007 directed by Yannis Smaragdis and written by Jackie Pavlenko.
 Crime Story (Chinese: 重案組) is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Kirk Wong and starring Jackie Chan Kent Cheng Law Kar-ying and Puishan Au-yeung. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 24 June 1993.Unlike nearly all of Jackie Chan films which feature a combination of action and comedy Crime Story is mostly a serious film. The film is based on actual events surrounding of the 1990 kidnapping of a Chinese businessman Teddy Wang.
 Arizona Bound is a 1941 American film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Buck Jones Tim McCoy and Raymond Hatton.
 Like Crazy is a 2011 American romantic drama film directed by Drake Doremus and starring Anton Yelchin Felicity Jones Jennifer Lawrence and Alex Kingston. Written by Drake Doremus and Ben York Jones the film is about a British exchange student who falls in love with an American student only to be separated from him when she's denied re-entry into the United States after overstaying her student visa.
 Simon and Laura is a 1954 stage comedy by Alan Melville that in 1955 became a Rank Organisation film produced at Pinewood Studios.
 A Lonely Cow Weeps at Dawn (痴漢義父　息子の嫁と… Chikan gifu: Musuko no yome to... lit. Molester Father-in-Law the Son's Bride and...) aka A Cow at Daybreak (Yoake no ushi) and Cowshed of Immorality (2003) is a Japanese pink film directed by Daisuke Gotō and starring Ryōko Asagi and Horyu Nakamura. It has been shown in film festivals and was named the fifth best pink film released in the year 2003.
 Bobbili Yuddham (The Bobbili War) (Telugu: బొబ్బిలి యుద్ధం) is a 1964 Telugu historical film produced and directed by C. Seetaram. The story is about the Battle of Bobbili between Bobbili and Vizianagaram kingdoms in 1757.
 Norigae (노리개 ) is 2013 South Korean film based on the story of Jang Ja-yeon. The films depicts the darker side of Korean cinema including the casting couch and sex abuse.
 It Happened One Sunday is a 1944 British romantic comedy film directed by Karel Lamac and starring Robert Beatty Barbara White Marjorie Rhodes Kathleen Harrison and Moore Marriott. An Irish servant girl working in Liverpool mistakenly believes that she has a secret admirer working at a hospital and while seeking him out accidentally meets and falls in love with a serviceman there. She spends the rest of the day around Liverpool with him and they eventually decide to marry.
 Baby Clothes is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 49th Our Gang short subject released.
 Parampara (English: Tradition) is a 1993 Bollywood movie starring Aamir Khan Sunil Dutt Vinod Khanna Ashwini Bhave Ramya Krishna Saif Ali Khan Raveena Tandon Neelam Kothari and Anupam Kher. The film is produced by Firoz A. Nadiadwala and directed by Yash Chopra. Aditya Chopra wrote the screenplay for the film. The film was Saif Ali Khan's debut.The film was panned by the critics for its weak storyline weak music and bad direction by Yash Chopra. It was a commercial flop.
 «Vingt mille lieues sur la terre» (20000 Leagues Across the Land or Léon Garros Is Looking for His Friend Russian: Леон Гаррос ищет друга) is 1960 Soviet-French feature film by Marcello Pagliero.The film premiered in the USSR was held January 13 1961 and in France was January 18 1961.
 Frosty Returns is an animated Christmas television special starring Jonathan Winters as the narrator and John Goodman as the voice of Frosty the Snowman. The special was directed by Bill Melendez and Evert Brown and features music by Mark Mothersbaugh. It first aired in 1992 on CBS.
 The Breaking Point (also known as The Great Armored Car Swindle) is a 1961 British crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Peter Reynolds Dermot Walsh Joanna Dunham and Lisa Gastoni.
 You Walk So Softly (German:Gustav Mond Du gehst so stille) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Schünzel Yvette Darnys and Jakob Tiedtke. Schünzel ran into trouble with his superiors at UFA because he hadn't submitted his screenplay for approval before filming began. The film's art direction was by Erich Czerwonski.
 Killer: A Journal Of Murder is a 1995 American drama film written and directed by Tim Metcalfe. It is based on the life of serial killer Carl Panzram and uses passages of his biography. James Woods starrs as Panzram and Robert Sean Leonard as Henry Lesser. Other stars include Ellen Greene as Elizabeth Wyatt Cara Buono as Esther Lesser Robert John Burke as R.G. Greiser and Richard Riehle as Warden Quince.
 Popat (Marathi: पोपट; translation: Parrot) is a Marathi drama film released on March 29 2013. Produced by Mirah Entertainment Pvt. Ltd and Citrus Check Inns and directed by Satish Rajwade. The film stars Atul Kulkarni Siddharth Menon Ketan Pawar Amey Wagh. The films music is by Avinash - Vishwajeet.The film is a journey of young men who explore on the topic of HIV/AIDS and realize that it is not a matter of joke.
 Mull illadha roja is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by K.Ramraj starring Chakravarthi and Vijayakala in lead roles. The film had musical score by Muraliraj and was released on 1982.
 Headshot (Thai: ฝนตกขึ้นฟ้า) is a 2011 Thai thriller film directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. It screened at the 2012 San Diego Asian Film Festival Spring Showcase as well as the 2012 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival. The film was selected as the Thai entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 City of Pearls: a Tale of Neglected People is a 2011 Documentary film produced by the Hyderabad chapter of Students Islamic Organisation of India. The 38-minute documentary captures the paradox between the high-rise buildings malls flyovers and the abject poverty and lack of basic amenities in the slums of Hyderabad. The documentary was released by Dr. S.Q.R Ilyas Secretary Welfare Party of India in a special screening organised at Madina Education Centre Hyderabad.
 The Courier is a 2012 direct-to-video actioner directed by Hany Abu-Assad and produced by Michael Arata starring Jeffrey Dean Morgan as protagonist.
 Kannoor Deluxe is a Malayalam language thriller. It was released in 1969. It cast Prem Nazeer and Sheela in lead roles. Both play C.I.D officers in the film. The majority of the film was shot inside the KSRTC bus Kannur Deluxe. The film was well received.
 The Last Legion is a 2007 film directed by Doug Lefler. Produced by Dino De Laurentiis and others it is based on a 2003 Italian novel of the same name written by Valerio Massimo Manfredi. It stars Colin Firth along with Sir Ben Kingsley and Aishwarya Rai and premiered in Abu Dhabi on April 6 2007.The film is loosely inspired by the events of 5th-century European history notably the collapse of the Western Roman Empire.
 Inside Job is a 1946 American crime film noir directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring Preston Foster Ann Rutherford Alan Curtis and Milburn Stone.
 The Wolf of the Sila (Italian:Il lupo della Sila) is a 1949 Italian drama film directed by Duilio Coletti and starring Silvana Mangano Amedeo Nazzari and Vittorio Gassman. Much of the film was shot on location around La Sila in Calabria.
 Hud is a 1963 western film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Paul Newman Melvyn Douglas and Patricia Neal. The film was produced by Ritt and Newman's recently founded company Salem Productions and was their first film for Paramount Pictures. It was filmed on location on the Texas Panhandle and in Claude Texas. The screenplay was written by Irving Ravetch and Harriet Frank Jr. based on Larry McMurtry's 1961 novel Horseman Pass By.
 My Sex Life... or How I Got into an Argument (French: Comment je me suis disputé... (ma vie sexuelle)) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin. It was entered into the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. It won the César Award for Most Promising Actor (Mathieu Amalric) and was also nominated for Most Promising Actress (Emmanuelle Devos and Jeanne Balibar).
 Sisters in Law: Stories from a Cameroon Court is a feature-length documentary film by Florence Ayisi and Kim Longinotto portraying aspects of women's lives and work in the judicial system in Cameroon West Africa.
 The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a 2009 fantasy film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam and Charles McKeown.
 Beauty and the Beast is a 2009 Australian fantasy film directed by David Lister and starring Estella Warren Rhett Giles and Victor Parascos and loosely based upon the fairy tale of the same name. The film was released in 2009 on video under that title and aired in 2010 on Syfy television as Beauty and the Beasts: A Dark Tale.
 Election Night (Danish: Valgaften) is a 1998 Danish short comedy film directed by Anders Thomas Jensen. It won an Academy Award in 1999 for Best Short Subject.
 Jalla! Jalla! is a 2000 Swedish comedy film directed by Josef Fares starring Fares Fares Torkel Petersson Tuva Novotny and Laleh Pourkarim as the main roles. Jalla! Jalla! is the debut film by Josef Fares and one of his most well-known. The film received eight nominations and won four including Best Film.“Jalla! Jalla!” means “Come on!” or “Hurry up!” in Arabic.
 Ithu Pathiramanal (English: Sands of Night) is a 2013 Malayalam action film directed by M. Padmakumar starring Unni Mukundan in the lead role with Jayasurya and Ramya Nambeeshan . The shooting locations are in Marayur Pathiramanal and Alapuzha.
 I See Ice is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby Kay Walsh and Betty Stockfeld. The film depicts the adventures of a photographer working for a London newspaper. The film was made at Ealing Studios. It features the songs In My Little Snapshot Album Noughts And Crosses and Mother What'll I Do Now.
 Man at Bath (French: Homme au bain) is a 2010 French film by Christophe Honoré starring François Sagat and Chiara Mastroianni. The film premiered in competition at Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland in 2010 and was released in cinemas on 22 September 2010.This is gay pornographic actor François Sagat's second major role in general release non-pornographic film as Emmanuel after his role in L.A. Zombie.
 Jambhavan is a 2006 Tamil action film directed by Nandakumar and produced by Rajalakshmi Kalaikudam. The film features Prashanth Meera Chopra and Meghna Naidu in the leading roles while Vivek Vijayan and Vijayakumar play other pivotal roles. Featuring music composed by Bharadwaj the film released in September 2006 to below average reviews.
 Peter Ibbetson is an American black-and-white drama film released in 1935 and directed by Henry Hathaway.The picture is based on a novel by George du Maurier first published in 1891. In 1917 du Maurier's story was adapted into a very successful Broadway play starring John Barrymore Lionel Barrymore Constance Collier and Laura Hope Crews.
 I charavgi tis nikis (Greek: Η χαραυγή της νίκης) is a 1971 Greek war film directed by Dimis Dadiras written by Giorgos Lazaridis and starring Lakis Komninos Betty Arvaniti and Miranta Kounelaki.
 Magic Trick is a short film made in 1953 by Orson Welles for use in a show by magician Richard Himber. It involves Welles on-screen interacting with Himber off-screen as the two play a card trick and would have been projected life-size (in black and white) during Himber's touring stage show in the 1950s.
 Them Was the Happy Days! is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Jenny Kissed Me is a 1986 Australian film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. The director calls it a tearjerker for men.
 Jezebel is a 1938 American romantic drama film released in 1938 and directed by William Wyler. It stars Bette Davis and Henry Fonda supported by George Brent Margaret Lindsay Donald Crisp Richard Cromwell and Fay Bainter. The film was adapted by Clements Ripley Abem Finkel John Huston and Robert Buckner from the play by Owen Davis Sr.The picture tells the story of a headstrong young Southern woman during the Antebellum period whose actions cost her the man she loves.
 Jwar Bhata is a 1944 black and white Indian drama film directed by Amiya Chakravarty. It marked the debut of Dilip Kumar who went onto become one of the most famous actors in Bollywood. The film also featured Mridula Rani Shamim Bano Agha Vikram Kapoor K. N. Singh Khalil and Mumtaz Ali. It was produced by Bombay Talkies. The music director was Anil Biswas.
 Desperate Cargo is a 1941 American film directed by William Beaudine based on the 1937 Argosy magazine serial Loot Below by Eustace Lane Adams.
 Five Million Look for an Heir (German:Fünf Millionen suchen einen Erben) is a 1938 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Heinz Rühmann Leny Marenbach and Vera von Langen. It was based on a novel by Harald Baumgarten.
 Porci con la P 38 is a 1979 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Gianfranco Pagani. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Does the Jazz Lead to Destruction? is a 1919 Australian silent film about the jazz craze. It is considered a lost film.
 Man from Plains (originally titled He Comes in Peace) is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Jonathan Demme which chronicles former President of the United States Jimmy Carter's book tour across America to publicize his new book Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid.For the book promotion Carter grants interviews to selected newspapers magazines and television shows such as CNN PBS Air America Radio NPR Chicago Life Los Angeles Times and The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.
 Lodela is a 1996 dance film directed by Philippe Baylaucq and produced in Montreal by the National Film Board of Canada. The film received eight awards including Best Short Documentary at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and a Special Jury Citation for its formal beauty and poetic cinematic construction at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 Rose Marie is a 1936 black-and-white musical film starring Jeanette MacDonald Nelson Eddy and Reginald Owen and directed by W. S. Van Dyke. It was the second of three MGM adaptations of the 1924 Broadway musical of the same name. A silent version was released in 1928 and a color film in 1954. All three versions are set in the Canadian wilderness.
 Cousins is a 1989 American romantic comedy film directed by Joel Schumacher and starring Ted Danson Isabella Rossellini Sean Young William Petersen Keith Coogan Lloyd Bridges and Norma Aleandro. The film is an American remake of the 1975 French comedy Cousin cousine directed by Jean-Charles Tacchella. It was both filmed and set in the city of Vancouver in British Columbia in Canada and was one of the earliest times the city had appeared as itself in a major motion picture.
 The Showdown (Hangul: 혈투; RR: Hyultoo; MR: Hyŏlt‘u) is a 2011 South Korean film.
 Adieu l’ami (Farewell friend) is a 1968 French-Italian film directed by Jean Herman; producer Serge Silberman screenplay by Sebastien Japrisot. The film was released in the United States in 1973 under the title Honor Among Thieves that version of which is available on DVD from Lionsgate.
 Dam Street (Chinese: 红颜; literally Rouge face) is a 2005 Chinese film directed by Li Yu. Dam Street is Li's second feature film after 2001's Fish and Elephant and was produced by screenwriter Fang Li's Laurel Films and Sylvain Bursztejn's French company Rosem Fims. Dam Street shot in Sichuanese follows the life of a young woman Xiaoyun in a corner of China's central Sichuan province.
 Not on your Life is a 1963 Spanish black comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga. Its original Spanish title is El Verdugo which means The Executioner. It is widely considered one of the masterpieces of Spanish cinema.
 Fort Apache: The Bronx is a 1981 crime drama film made by Producers Circle Time-Life Television Productions Inc. and distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Daniel Petrie and produced by Martin Richards Thomas Fiorello with David Susskind as executive producer.
 Attack the Gas Station 2 (Hangul: 주유소 습격사건 2; RR: Juyuso seubgyuksageun 2) is a 2010 South Korean action comedy film starring Ji Hyun-woo and Jo Han-sun. It is the sequel to Attack the Gas Station (1999) and was released on January 21 2010.
 Picture Day is a Canadian comedy film written directed and co-produced by Kate Melville. Daniel Iron Lauren Grant Peter Harvey and Aeschylus Poulos are the other co-producers. The film was produced by Snitch Pictures and distributed in Canada by Mongrel Media and by Ketchup Entertainment in the United States.The film was shot in the fall of 2011 in downtown Toronto Ontario.
 Issaq is 2013 Hindi romantic film directed by Manish Tiwary and produced by Dhaval Gada and Shailesh R. Singh. The film written by Padmaja Thakore-Tiwary Manish Tiwary and Pawan Sony was released on 26 July 2013. The film features Prateik Babbar Rajeshwari Sachdev Ravi Kishan and Makarand Deshpande as main characters.
 For other uses see Aconcagua (disambiguation).Aconcagua is a 1964 color Argentine adventure drama film directed by Leo Fleider and written by Norberto Aroldi. The title refers to the highest peak in the Andes—Aconcagua located in Argentina. The star of the film is Tito Alonso.
 Alaska Passage is a 1959 Drama directed by Edward Bernds starring Bill Williams and Naura Hayden. Al (Bill Williams) manages the company out of a small town where the trucks make regular runs to Fairbanks.
 The Shadow Strikes is a 1937 American film directed by Lynn Shores starring Rod La Rocque as Lamont Cranston The Shadow. Both this film and its sequel International Crime were released by Grand National Pictures.
 Tales of Vesperia: The First Strike (テイルズ オブ ヴェスペリア 〜The First Strike〜 Teiruzu obu Vesuperia ~The First Strike~) is a 2009 Japanese animated film directed by Kenta Kamei and written by Reiko Yoshida. It is the prequel to the game Tales of Vesperia and the first animated feature film in the Tales series. It was released in Japan on October 3 2009. The source game's theme song Ring a Bell (鐘を鳴らして Kane o Narashite) by Bonnie Pink was reused as the movie's theme song.
 d'Artagnan and Three Musketeers (Russian: д'Артаньян и три мушкетёра d'Artanyan i tri mushketera) is a three-part musical miniseries produced in the Soviet Union and first aired in 1978.
 Western Mail is a 1942 American western film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey.
 Dead Men Tell No Tales is a 1938 British thriller film directed by David MacDonald and starring Emlyn Williams Sara Seegar and Hugh Williams. It is based on the 1935 novel The Norwich Victims by Francis Beeding.
 Golconda High School (Telugu: గోల్కొండ హై స్కూల్) is a 2011 Indian Telugu language sports film written and directed by Mohan Krishna Indraganti under the Artbeat Capital banner which earlier produced the hit film Ashta Chamma (film). It stars Sumanth and Swati Reddy in the lead roles. The noted cinematographer K. K. Senthil was the DOP for the film and the music was scored by Kalyani Malik. The movie is based on the book The Men Within written by Hari Mohan Paruvu.
 The Actor's Children is a 1910 American silent short comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan and produced by the Thanhouser Film Corporation in New Rochelle New York. The film starred Orrilla Smith Yale Boss Frank Hall Crane and Nicholas Jordan.
 Plata quemada (English: Burnt Money) is a 2001 Argentine action thriller directed by Marcelo Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Marcelo Figueras. Starring Leonardo Sbaraglia Eduardo Noriega Pablo Echarri Leticia Brédice and Ricardo Bartis it is based on Ricardo Piglia's 1997 Planeta prize-winning novel of the same name.
 For the 2011 Tiffany Shlain film see Connected: An Autoblogography About Love Death & Technology.Connected (traditional Chinese: 保持通話; simplified Chinese: 保持通话) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written produced and directed by Benny Chan and starring Louis Koo Barbie Hsu Nick Cheung and Liu YeIt is a remake of the 2004 American film Cellular.
 War Feathers is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan. It was the 54th Our Gang short subject released.
 Made in Britain is a 1983 British television play written by David Leland and directed by Alan Clarke about a 16-year-old racist skinhead named Trevor and his constant confrontations with authority figures. It was originally broadcast on ITV on 10 July 1983 as the fourth in an untitled series of works by Leland (including Birth of a Nation) all loosely based around the British educational system which subsequently acquired the overall title of Tales Out of School.
 Lion of Oz is an animated film set before the children's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It tells the story of how the Cowardly Lion formerly part of the Omaha Circus came to be in Oz how he stopped the Wicked Witch of the East from getting the Flower of Oz. It is based upon the book Lion of Oz and the Badge of Courage by Roger S. Baum (great-grandson of L. Frank Baum the original author of the Oz books).
 El que recibe las bofetadas is a 1947 Argentine film.
 Tekken is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Junji Sakamoto. It stars Takeshi Yamato Bunta Sugawara and Karen Kirishima.
 The Legend of Billy the Kid is a 1994 television documentary film about Billy the Kid. It was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards. Narrator David Marshall Grant received an Emmy nomination for his work on the film. The film explores the Kid's wild life the Lincoln County War his team and other issues.
 Toffe Jongens onder de Mobilisatie is a 1914 Dutch silent comedy film directed by Jan van Dommelen.
 I magi randagi internationally released as We Free Kings is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.The film won the Silver Ribbon for Best Original Story.
 Song One is an American drama film directed and written by Kate Barker-Froyland. The film stars Anne Hathaway Mary Steenburgen and Johnny Flynn. The film premiered in competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014.
 Repulsion is a 1965 British psychological horror film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Catherine Deneuve Ian Hendry John Fraser and Yvonne Furneaux. The screenplay was based on a scenario by Gérard Brach and Polanski. The plot focuses on a young woman left alone by her vacationing sister at their apartment who begins reliving traumas of her past in horrific ways.
 Jeevan Sangram is a 1974 Bollywood drama film.
 Harlem Nights is a 1989 comedy-drama crime film starring Eddie Murphy and Richard Pryor. The film also featured Michael Lerner Danny Aiello Redd Foxx (In his last film before his death in 1991) Della Reese and Murphy's brother Charlie Murphy.
 Into the Wild is a 2007 American biographical drama survival film written and directed by Sean Penn. It is an adaptation of the 1996 non-fiction book of the same name by Jon Krakauer based on the travels of Christopher McCandless across North America and his life spent in the Alaskan wilderness in the early 1990s.
 New Americans is a 1944 American short documentary film directed by Slavko Vorkapić. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Dawn of the Dead (also known internationally as Zombi) is a 1978 horror film written and directed by George A. Romero. It was the second film made in Romero's Living Dead series but contains no characters or settings from Night of the Living Dead and shows in a larger scale the zombie plague's apocalyptic effects on society. In the film a plague of unknown origin has caused the reanimation of the dead who prey on human flesh which subsequently causes mass hysteria.
 The Werewolf Reborn! is a 1998 horror film directed by Jeff Burr. It stars Ashley Cafagna-Tesoro and Robin Atkin Downes. A sequel titled Frankenstein & the Werewolf Reborn! was released in 2000.
 The Unscrupulous Ones (Portuguese: Os Cafajestes) is a 1962 Brazilan crime film directed by Ruy Guerra. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Prowler is a 1951 black-and-white thriller film noir directed by Joseph Losey that stars Van Heflin and Evelyn Keyes. The film was produced by Sam Spiegel (as S.P. Eagle) and was written by Dalton Trumbo under a pseudonym.
 Qafqaz və Merkuri cəmiyyətinin paroxodunun limandan yola düşməsi is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Alexandre Michon. It was released in the summer of 1898.The film was shot on 35mm.
 A Century of Cinema is a 1994 documentary directed by Caroline Thomas about the art of filmmaking (coinciding with cinema's 100th anniversary) containing numerous interviews with some of the most influential film personalities of the 20th century.
 A Touch of Larceny is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Guy Hamilton and starring James Mason George Sanders Vera Miles Harry Andrews Rachel Gurney and John Le Mesurier. It is based on a diverting and mildly cynical novel The Megstone Plot (1956) by Paul Winterton under the pseudonym Andrew Garve.The film was nominated for the BAFTA award for Best British Screenplay but it lost to The Angry Silence.
 The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu is a 1929 film starring Warner Oland as Dr. Fu Manchu. It was the first Fu Manchu film of the talkie era. It was very loosely based on the novel The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu by Sax Rohmer.
 Rio Sex Comedy is a 2010 comedy film written and directed by Jonathan Nossiter. It premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival on 16 September.
 Valley of the Wolves: Iraq (Turkish: Kurtlar Vadisi: Irak) is a 2006 Turkish action film directed by Serdar Akar and starring Necati Şaşmaz Billy Zane and Ghassan Massoud.
 Teenage Zombies is a 1959 horror science fiction film written and directed by Jerry Warren.
 Blind is a 2014 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Eskil Vogt. The film premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014. Vogt received the Screenwriting Award for Blind at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.The film was later screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Billu (Hindi: बिल्लू) originally titled Billu Barber and released under that title in the United States is a 2009 Bollywood film by Priyadarshan produced by Red Chillies Entertainment with an adapted screenplay by Manisha Korde and Mushtaq Sheikh based on the script by Sreenivasan. It stars Irrfan Khan and Lara Dutta in the lead roles and features Shahrukh Khan (portraying a fictional version of himself) Om Puri Rajpal Yadav and Asrani in supporting roles.
 Mist: The Tale of a Sheepdog Puppy is a British family television film following the life of a border collie puppy as she grows up to become a working Herding dog. Part fiction part documentary it was filmed by real-life shepherd David Kennard on his farm in Devon.
 Chain Camera is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Kirby Dick about the lives of Los Angeles high school students. It premiered at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival.
 The Unborn is a 2009 American supernatural horror-thriller film written and directed by David S. Goyer. The film stars Odette Yustman as a young woman who is tormented by a ghost (a dybbuk) and seeks help from a rabbi (Gary Oldman). The dybbuk seeks to use her death as a gateway to physical existence. The film is produced by Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes. It was released in American theaters on January 9 2009 by Rogue Pictures.
 Saturn Returns is a 2009 film directed by Lior Shamriz starring Chloe Griffin Tal Meiri and Joshua Bogle. It was written and produced by Lior Shamriz and Imri Kahn.
 A Country Cupid is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives.
 A Killer in the Family is a 1983 American made-for-TV crime film directed by Richard T. Heffron. The film is based on the Tison v. Arizona case which took place in 1978 in Arizona. The film first aired on ABC and was released on DVD in 2010 by Warner Home Video.
 The Midnight Flyer is a 1918 short film directed by George Marshall and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Crime Wave (also known as The City is Dark) is a 1954 film noir directed by André De Toth. It was adapted from a short story which originally appeared in The Saturday Evening Post - Criminal Mark by John and Ward Hawkins.
 Love and Money also known as Love & Money is a 1982 American drama film directed by James Toback and starring Ray Sharkey.
 Dinosaur 13 is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Todd Douglas Miller. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 16 2014.After its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival CNN Films and Lionsgate acquired distribution rights of the film.
 The Pagan Queen is a 2009 historical drama film directed by German director Constantin Werner. The film combines realism with fantasy elements and is based on the legend of Libuše the Czech tribal queen of 8th century Bohemia who envisioned the city of Prague and founded the first Czech dynasty with a farmer called Přemysl the Ploughman.
 Aida is a 1987 Swedish movie directed by Claes Fellbom. The film is based on Giuseppe Verdi's opera Aida.Robert Grundin sings the part of Radamès and the role is played by dancer Niklas Ek. Marianne Myrsten sings the part of the high priestess played by Françoise Drapier. Thomas Annmo is the voice of the Messenger played by Lennart Håkansson. Kerstin Nerbe was responsible for reworking the music. The film is built on a performance at the Stockholm Folk Opera in 1985.
 East Side Story is a 2006 romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Carlos Portugal; and starring Rene Alvarado Steve Callahan and Gladise Jimenez.
 Radio Cape Cod is a 2008 film directed and produced by Andrew Silver. It stars Tamzin Outhwaite as a radio interviewer coming to terms with the loss of her husband and a new love entering her life. She also must cope with her teenage daughter played by Tamzin Merchant who is experiencing her first love. The film also stars O. T. Fagbenle. The film won several festival awards.
 Somewhere in Georgia is a 1917 silent film starring baseball great Ty Cobb. It was based on a short story by sports columnist Grantland Rice.
 A Dash Through the Clouds is a 1912 short American silent comedy film directed by Mack Sennett written by Dell Henderson and starring Mabel Normand. It has the distinction of being somewhat of an aviation film as Sennett employed the services of real life aviation pioneer Philip Parmalee a pilot for the Wright Brothers.
 The Living Idol is a 1957 film.
 The Honor of the Mounted is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost.
 Jonathas' Forest (Portuguese: A Floresta de Jonathas) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Sergio Andrade.The film premiered at the Festival do Rio where participated in the competitive exhibition of Première Brazil.
 Knight Without Armour (styled as Knight Without Armor in some releases) is a 1937 British historical drama film made by London Films and distributed by United Artists. It was directed by Jacques Feyder and produced by Alexander Korda from a screenplay by Lajos Bíró adapted by Frances Marion from the 1933 novel of the same title by James Hilton.
 From Danger to Dignity: The Fight for Safe Abortion is a 1995 documentary film directed by filmmaker Dorothy Fadiman. The film weaves together two parallel stories: the evolution of underground networks that helped women find safe abortions outside the law and the intensive efforts by activists and legislators to decriminalize abortion through legislative and judicial channels.
 The Scapegoat is a British film adaptation of Daphne du Maurier's 1957 novel of the same name. The drama is written and directed by Charles Sturridge and stars Matthew Rhys as lookalike characters John Standing and Johnny Spence. It was broadcast on ITV on 9 September 2012.The novel was first adapted into film in 1959 by director Robert Hamer with Sir Alec Guinness playing the parts of John Barratt and Jacques de Gué.
 Gladiator of Rome (Italian: Il gladiatore di Roma) is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Mario Costa. Co-written by Gian Paolo Callegari and Giuseppe Mariani it stars Gordon Scott.The film is also known as Battles of the Gladiators in the United Kingdom.
 Lucky Cisco Kid is a 1940 western film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Cesar Romero Mary Beth Hughes and Dana Andrews.
 Wings of Hope (German: Julianes Sturz in den Dschungel) is a 2000 made-for-TV documentary directed by Werner Herzog. The film explores the story of Juliane Koepcke a German Peruvian woman who was the sole survivor of Peruvian flight LANSA Flight 508 following its mid-air disintegration after a lightning strike in 1971. Herzog was inspired to make this film as he narrowly avoided taking the same flight while he was location scouting for Aguirre Wrath of God.
 'Neath the Arizona Skies is a 1934 Western film directed by Harry L. Fraser produced by Lone Star Productions released by Monogram Pictures and starring John Wayne. Wayne's character attempts to locate a little girl's father so that she may claim a $50000 Indian oil claim. The film co-stars Sheila Terry Shirley Jean Rickert and George Gabby Hayes.
 La Totale ! is a 1991 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi. The original film was the basis for director James Cameron's 1994 action comedy True Lies starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Jamie Lee Curtis and Tom Arnold.
 Beyond the Dreams of Avarice is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Henry Victor Joyce Dearsley and Alban Atwood. It was based on the novel by Walter Besant.
 The Terror Within II is a 1991 science fiction/horror film starring Andrew Stevens who also directed it.
 First Edition is a 1977 American short documentary film directed by Helen Whitney. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Detour is a 1945 film noir thriller that stars Tom Neal and Ann Savage.The film was adapted by Martin Goldsmith and Martin Mooney (uncredited) from Goldsmith's novel of the same name and was directed by Edgar G. Ulmer.
 Gangs of the Dead originally Last Rites is a zombie survival film released in 2006 starring Enrique Almeida and Reggie Bannister.
 Paris is a 2003 American thriller film written and directed by Ramin Niami. Original music for this film was composed by John Cale who had previously worked with Niami on his 1998 film Somewhere in the City.
 Lazybones is a 1935 British film directed by Michael Powell. It was made as a Quota quickie.
 Trilogy (also released as Truman Capote's Trilogy) is a 1969 American drama film directed by Frank Perry. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
 The Conquerors is a 1932 film.
 Confidence is a 2003 crime drama film starring Edward Burns Dustin Hoffman Andy Garcia and Rachel Weisz directed by James Foley and written by Doug Jung.
 A Dry White Season is a film released in 1989 by Davros Films and Sundance Productions and distributed by MGM. It was directed by Euzhan Palcy and produced by Paula Weinstein Mary Selway and Tim Hampton. The screenplay was by Colin Welland and Euzhan Palcy based upon André Brink's novel of the same name. Robert Bolt also contributed uncredited revisions of the screenplay.The film stars Marlon Brando Donald Sutherland Janet Suzman Zakes Mokae Jürgen Prochnow and Susan Sarandon.
 It's a Wonderful World (1939) is a romantic screwball comedy-mystery starring Claudette Colbert and James Stewart and directed by W. S. Van Dyke.
 Goat Story 2 (Czech: Kozí příběh se sýrem) is a 2012 Czech computer-animated feature film. Directed by Jan Tománek and produced by Art And Animation studio. It is a sequel to the 2008 Goat Story. The film was animated by a changed team from the first film with animators joining the project from countries such as Spain Bulgaria and India. The film was released in 2D and 3D.
 Yathra (Malayalam: യാത്ര meaning The Journey) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Balu Mahendra and starring Mammootty and Shobana .It is a remake of the 1982 Telugu film Nireekshana directed by Balu Mahendra himself and starring Bhanu Chander and Archana.The film tells a fictional story but built upon the human rights violations by the Police and the prison authorities in India during the nationwide emergency of 1975-1977 when the fundamental rights of the citizens were suspended.
 The Man from Oklahoma is a 1945 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens) is a 1935 film made by Leni Riefenstahl. It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg which was attended by more than 700000 Nazi supporters. The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress including portions of speeches by Adolf Hitler Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung and Schutzstaffel troops and public reaction.
 Hulchul is a 1995 Bollywood action film directed and written by Anees Bazmee. It stars Vinod Khanna Ajay Devgn and Kajol. The film premiered on 4 August 1995 in Mumbai. The role of Sharmili was originally offered to Divya Bharti but her sudden death called for Kajol to replace her.
 Mike is a 1926 film directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is a modest production featuring Sally O'Neil and William Haines.
 My Wife is a Gangster 3 (Hangul: 조폭 마누라 3; RR: Jopok manura 3) is a 2006 Korean film. It is a sequel to My Wife is a Gangster 2.This movie however bearing the My Wife is a Gangster title has little to no relation to the previous movies.
 Surrogate Valentine is an independent comedy film directed and produced by Dave Boyle about a musician named Goh Nakamura.
 Alt dette og Island med is a 1951 Danish drama film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Sonja Wigert.
 Goya en Burdeos (English: Goya in Bordeaux) is a 1999 Spanish historical drama film written and directed by Carlos Saura about the life of Francisco de Goya the influential 19th Century Spanish painter.
 The Annunciation (in Hungarian: Angyali üdvözlet) is a Hungarian film directed by András Jeles in 1984 based on The Tragedy of Man (1861) by Imre Madách.
 Gerrymandering is a 2010 documentary feature film written and directed by Jeff Reichert. The film explores the history and the ethical moral and racial problems raised by redistricting i.e. the drawing of boundaries of electoral districts in the United States.Gerrymandering covers the history of the redistricting practice how it is used and abused how it benefits the two major political parties Democrats and Republicans.
 Jackie Collins' Hollywood Wives is a 1985 television mini-series based on the 1983 novel by Jackie Collins.Hollywood Wives tells the stories of several women in Hollywood from powerful talent agents and screenwriters to vivacious screen vixens and young innocent newcomers. The mini-series generally follows the same plot as the novel though it does omit certain subplots and characters.Airing in February 1985 Hollywood Wives was one of the most watched mini-series of the 1980s.
 Girl of the Rio is a 1932 RKO musical film starred Dolores del Río. The film is the first talkie version of The Dove (1927) starred by Norma Talmadge.
 High School Caesar is a 1960 American film directed by O'Dale Ireland.
 Ara Nazhika Neram (Half an Hour Only) is a 1970 Malayalam film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and written by Parappurath based on his own novel of the same name. Parappurath also played a minor role in the film. The story of the film revolves around an orthodox Christian family headed by Kunjenachan (Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair) a ninety-year-old patriarch who lives his life by The Book. The film also features Prem Nazir Sathyan Ragini Sheela K. P. Ummer Adoor Bhasi and Ambika Sukumaran.
 1. Mai – Helden bei der Arbeit is a German film. It was released in 2008.
 Mainatharuvi Kola Case is a 1967 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 The Hotel Mouse is a 1923 British silent crime film directed by Fred Paul and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Campbell Gullan and Warwick Ward. It was based on a play by Paul Armont and Marcel Gerbidon.
 Tarzan the Magnificent is a 1960 British film the follow-up to Tarzan's Greatest Adventure (1959). It was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub. Gordon Scott makes his last appearance as Tarzan while Jock Mahoney appeared as villain Coy Banton. Mahoney would take over the Tarzan role himself beginning in the next film Tarzan Goes to India in 1962. This motion picture does not include Jane.
 For Love of Ivy is a 1968 romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Mann. The film stars Sidney Poitier Abbey Lincoln Beau Bridges Nan Martin Lauri Peters and Carroll O'Connor. The story was written by Sidney Poitier with screenwriter Robert Alan Arthur. The musical score was composed by Quincy Jones. The theme song For Love of Ivy written by Quincy Jones and Bob Russell was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 Kawakami Tetsuharu monogatari sebangō 16 (川上哲治物語　背番号１６) literally: Story of Tetsuharu Kawakami: number 16 is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Eisuke Takizawa.The film is about Japanese baseball player Tetsuharu Kawakami.
 Tomorrow When the War Began is a 2010 Australian drama film written and directed by Stuart Beattie and based on the novel of the same name (the first in a series of seven) by John Marsden. The film was produced by Andrew Mason and Michael Boughen. The story follows Ellie Linton one of eight teenagers waging a guerrilla war against an invading foreign power in their fictional hometown of Wirrawee.
 Rare Birds is a 2001 Canadian comedy/drama film. It was directed by Sturla Gunnarsson and written by Edward Riche based on his novel. This movie features spectacular scenery from Cape Spear Newfoundland Canada. It also features music by The Pogues and characteristic Canadian Maritime musicians such as Ashley MacIsaac.
 Roswell (also known as Roswell: The U.F.O. Cover-Up) is a 1994 television film produced by Paul Davids based on what was to be a true story about the Roswell UFO incident the supposed U.S. military capture of a flying saucer and its alien crew following a crash near the town of Roswell New Mexico in July 1947.The script was based on the book UFO Crash at Roswell by Kevin D. Randle and Donald R. Schmitt.
 The Last Meeting (Spanish: Último encuentro) is a 1967 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Eceiza. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tender Dracula or Confessions of a Blood Drinker (French: Tendre Dracula) is a 1974 French horror film directed by Pierre Grunstein. The film stars Peter Cushing Alida Valli and Miou-Miou. The film involves two scriptwriters and two girls who are ordered by their director to visit the castle home of a horror actor (Peter Cushing) and to talk him out of his intention to change from horror films to romantic ones.
 Shadows in Paradise is a 2010 American action film starring Mark Dacascos Armand Assante Tom Sizemore and Sofya Skya and was directed and written by producer director and writer J. Stephen Maunder.
 Murder in Trinidad (1934) is an American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Nigel Bruce Heather Angel Victor Jory and Murray Kinnell.
 Sobar Upore Tumi (Bengali: সবার উপরে তুমি) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film directed by Bangladeshi filmmaker F I Manik is a romantic family story. It stars Shakib Khan Swastika Mukherjee Victor Banerjee Uzzol Suchorita and others. In India this film was released under the title Aamar Bhai Aamar Bon. It is an Indian and Bangladesh joint production.
 The Myth of the American Sleepover is a 2010 American coming-of-age film written and directed by David Robert Mitchell and distributed by IFC Films.
 An Adventure Through Time (of Portuguese Uma Aventura no Tempo) is a 2007 Brazilian animated film based on the Monica's Gang comic books. The film was directed and co-written by Mauricio de Sousa creator of over two hundred characters featured in the comic books.
 Barnum & Ringling Inc. is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 74th Our Gang short that was released and the first to have a synchronized musical and sound-effects track.
 Getting Gertie's Garter is a 1945 American slapstick comedy film written and directed by Allan Dwan and starring Dennis O'Keefe Marie McDonald and Barry Sullivan. The film is based on the 1921 play of the same name by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood. The play was previously adapted for the screen as a silent film released in 1927 by Metropolitan Pictures and starred Marie Prevost and Charles Ray.
 A Little Madonna is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Ulysses Davis.
 Cousin Wilbur is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 179th Our Gang short (180th episode 91st talking short 92nd talking episode and 11th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Le Clown et ses chiens (aka The Clown and His Dogs) is an 1892 French short animated film directed by Émile Reynaud. It consists of 300 individually painted images and lasts about 15 minutes.It is one of the first animated films ever made and alongside Pauvre Pierrot and Un bon bock was exhibited in October 1892 when Emile Reynaud opened his Théâtre Optique at the Musée Grévin.
 The Man Without Sleep (German:Der Mann ohne Schlaf) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Carl Boese and starring Harry Liedtke Maly Delschaft and Fritz Kampers. It premiered in Berlin on 12 February 1926. The film's art direction was by Julius von Borsody.
 Anna Christie is a 1930 German-language film adapted from the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title and filmed following the release of the English version released earlier the same year. Both versions feature leading actress Greta Garbo. In the early days of sound films it was common for Hollywood studios to produce Foreign Language Versions of their films using the same sets costumes and so on.
 Pedarayudu is a 1995 Telugu melodrama film directed by the Ravi Raja Pinisetty and starring Mohan Babu. The film had Mohan Babu playing double roles. Tamil super star Rajinikanth starred in the project in a pivotal role. Soundarya also starred in the film. For his role Mohan Babu won Filmfare Best Actor Award (Telugu). This film is a Remake of 1994 Tamil film Nattamai which starred Sarath Kumar Meena and Kushboo in lead Roles.
 Libertas is a 2006 Croatian-Italian co-production film directed by Veljko Bulajić. It is a biographical film about the 16th-century playwright Marin Držić and his conflict with authorities of the Republic of Ragusa.The film marked the return of the veteran director Veljko Bulajić after a 17-year break. Following a long and troubled production it was released to high expectations but did not meet a favorable reception from either the critics or the box office.
 Chorus was a 1974 Bengali film directed by noted Indian art film director Mrinal Sen. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain is a 1995 British film written by Ivor Monger and directed by Christopher Monger. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival and was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.The film is based on a story heard by Christopher Monger from his grandfather about the real village of Taff's Well (Ffynnon Taf in Welsh) Rhondda Cynon Taff Wales and its neighbouring Garth Hill.
 The Trouble with Angels is a 1966 comedy film about the adventures of two girls in an all-girls Catholic school run by nuns. The film was directed by Ida Lupino and stars Hayley Mills (in her first film after her contract with Walt Disney expired) Rosalind Russell and June Harding.
 Cry the Beloved Country is a 1951 British drama film directed by Zoltán Korda. Based on the novel of the same name by Alan Paton it stars Canada Lee and Charles Carson.
 Balance (Bulgarian: Равновесие translit. Ravnovesie) is a 1983 Bulgarian drama film directed by Lyudmil Kirkov. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Kill the Messenger is an upcoming crime drama mystery thriller film directed by Michael Cuesta and written by Peter Landesman. It is based on the book of the same name by Nick Schou as well as the book Dark Alliance by Gary Webb. The film stars Jeremy Renner (in his first film as a producer) Michael Sheen Andy Garcia Ray Liotta Barry Pepper Mary Elizabeth Winstead Rosemarie DeWitt Paz Vega Oliver Platt Richard Schiff and Michael K. Williams.
 Jamesy Boy is a 2014 American crime drama film directed by Trevor White and written by White and Lane Shadgett. It stars Taissa Farmiga Spencer Lofranco Mary-Louise Parker and James Woods. The film relates the true story of James Burns.It was released on January 3 2014 (Video on Demand) and in select theaters on January 17 2014.
 Crash! Boom! Live! is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette released on VHS and Laserdisc on September 19 1996. It features footage from a concert in Johannesburg South Africa filmed on January 14 1995 during the Crash! Boom! Bang! Live tour.
 Echo is a 1997 film directed by Charles Correll made for TV starring Jack Wagner and Alexandra Paul. The film was also known as Deadly Echo in Canada and the United Kingdom.
 Hello! Gandhe Sir is a Marathi movie released on 19 June 2010. Produced by Dnyaeshwar Govekar and directed by the duo Sandeep – Sameer. The movie is based on two professors who repel each other like the opposite poles of a magnet but a friendship is formed which benefits everyone.
 The Master and Margaret (Serbo-Croatian: Мајстор и Маргарита Majstor i Margarita' Italian: Il maestro e Margherita) is a 1972 Italian-Yugoslav film directed by Aleksandar Petrović.
 Love Inventory aka Reshimat Ahava (Hebrew: רשימת אהבה‎) is a 2000 Israeli documentary film written and directed by David Fisher and produced by Yahaly Gat and David Fisher. This is the First film in the family trilogy created by director David Fisher followed by Mostar Round-Trip (2011) and Six Million and One (2011).
 Mr. X is an upcoming Indian 3D thriller film directed and written by Vikram Bhatt and dialogues by Shagufta Rafique while Mahesh Bhatt is producing the film. The film stars Emraan Hashmi and Amyra Dastur.
 Bull (Bulgarian: Вула translit. Vula) is a 1965 Bulgarian drama film written and directed by Nikola Korabov. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara (translated as I Did Not Kill Gandhi) (2005) is an Indian film directed by Jahnu Barua and produced by Anupam Kher. The film stars Anupam Kher and Urmila Matondkar in lead roles.In the film a poem by noted Hindi poet Sr. Bachchan Himmat Karne Walon Ki Har Nahi Hoti (Those who have courage never fail) was depicted as the favorite poem of the main character
 Man with the Screaming Brain is a 2005 science fiction/slapstick film co-written produced directed by and starring Bruce Campbell. It is Campbell's feature film directorial debut. The film was co-written by David Goodman and co-stars Ted Raimi.
 Evil Weed is a 2009 horror film written and directed by David Wexler. It was filmed for an extremely low budget of $30000 over five days in Montauk New York as a tip of the hat to the old B-Movies of the sixties and seventies.The film was picked up for digital distribution by Film Buff (Cinetic Rights Management) in 2010.
 Traces of a Dragon (Chinese: 龍的深處：失落的拼圖; aka Traces of a Dragon: Jackie Chan and his Lost Family) is a 2003 documentary film directed by Mabel Cheung. The film explores the touching and history-filled background of Jackie Chan as we have never seen him before.
 'The Sailor Takes a Wife is a 1945 film.
 Madonna of the Streets is a 1930 American drama film directed by John S. Robertson and starring Evelyn Brent.This film is a sound remake of the 1924 silent film Madonna of the Streets starring Alla Nazimova.
 Living on One Dollar is a 2013 documentary film directed produced and edited by Chris Temple Zach Ingrasci Sean Leonard and Ryan Christofferson.
 Wahnfried (German: Richard und Cosima French: Richard et Cosima) is a 1986 German-French drama film directed by Peter Patzak about the life of Richard Wagner. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fiebre de Amor (in English: Love Fever) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as musical and drama released in 1985. This film won the Diosa Award for best picture.
 Kalukkuray Maaplay is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Suresh and produced by Sreenath Raju. Vishnu and Bindu Madhavi feature in the leading roles while D. Imman composes the film's music.
 Monkey Shines (sometimes called Monkey Shines: An Experiment in Fear) is an American horror film originally released in 1988. Written and directed by George A. Romero the film is based on a novel with the same title authored by Michael Stewart.
 Clash by Night is a 1952 black-and-white drama with some film noir aspects directed by Fritz Lang and starring Barbara Stanwyck Paul Douglas Robert Ryan Marilyn Monroe and Keith Andes. The movie was based on the play by Clifford Odets adapted by writer Alfred Hayes.
 Cat Dog & Co. is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym Anthony Mack.Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 91st Our Gang short that was released. The short a silent film was produced in the early spring of 1929 but withheld until after three sound Our Gang films had already been released. Cat Dog and Co. was released with a synchronized music and sound effects track on phonographic disc.
 Zulm O Situm is a 1998 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 The Counter Jumper is a 1922 film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy. It is a remake of the 1919 film The Grocery Clerk which was also directed by Semon. The film was screened at the Museum of Modern Art in 2009 as part of a series examining slapstick.
 Friday is a 2012 Malayalam drama thriller film directed by Lijin Jose and starring Manu Fahadh Faasiland Ann Augustine.Fahadh does the role of an auto rickshaw driver. The supporting cast includes Nedumudi Venu Vijayaraghavan and Tini Tom. Produced by Sandra Thomas and Thomas Joseph Pattathanam under the banner of Innovative Film Concepts the film is set and shot completely in Alappuzha. It released on 18 August 2012 to positive critical reviews.
 Prem Kahani is a 1975 Hindi film produced by Lekhraj Khosla and directed and written by Raj Khosla. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Mumtaz Shashi Kapoor Vinod Khanna and K. N Singh. The film's music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 All American High is a 1986 documentary film directed by Keva Rosenfeld that chronicles the life of the 1984 senior class at Torrance High School. The film is narrated by the Finnish exchange student “Rikki” Rauhala and observes 1980’s high school culture from a foreigner’s perspective. The film was selected for competition for the 1987 Sundance Film festival. In 1988 PBS broadcast the film. The 2001 PBS reality series “American High” produced by R.J.
 Beck – Advokaten is a 2006 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 The Shadow of the Eagle is a 1932 Mascot film serial starring John Wayne in his first serial role. This serial is now in the public domain.
 Cold Heaven is a film released in 1991 which was directed by Nicolas Roeg. The film score was by Stanley Myers. The screenplay by Allan Scott is based on a novel of the same name by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore which was published in 1983.
 Chhota Bheem: Dholakpur Ke Khiladi is an Indian animated movie produced by Green Gold Animations. It is the ninth movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time - 65 mins.
 Nuit #1 (English: Night #1) is a Canadian drama film directed by Anne Émond.
 The Sound of Fury (also known as Try and Get Me) is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Cy Endfield and featuring Frank Lovejoy Lloyd Bridges and Kathleen Ryan. The film is based on Jo Pagano's novel The Condemned who also wrote the screenplay.The film is based on factual events that occurred in 1933 when two men were arrested in San Jose California for kidnapping and murdering Brooke Hart. The suspects confessed and were lynched by a mob of locals.
 El Mundo es de los jóvenes is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Lives Worth Living is a 2011 documentary film directed by Eric Neudel and produced by Alison Gilkey and broadcast by PBS through ITVS as part of the Independent Lens series. The film is the first television chronicle of the history of the American disability rights movement from the post-World War II era until the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in 1990.
 Dagger Eyes (released in Italy and France as Mystère; also known as Murder Near Perfect) is an Italian thriller film starring Carole Bouquet as Mystère. The plot deals with prostitution. The film was first released in Italy in 1983.
 Saving Sarah Cain is a 2007 film based on Beverly Lewis' 2000 novel The Redemption of Sarah Cain. The film premiered August 19 2007 on Lifetime Television. The film is distributed by Believe Pictures and stars Lisa Pepper Elliott Gould Tess Harper Soren Fulton Danielle Chuchran Abigail Mason Tanner Maguire Bailee Madison and Jennifer O'Dell. The film was directed by Michael Landon Jr.
 1971 is a 2007 India war film directed by Amrit Sagar and written by Piyush Mishra and Amrit Sagar based on a true story of prisoners of war after the Indo-Pak war of 1971. The film features an ensemble cast of Manoj Bajpai Ravi Kishan Piyush Mishra Deepak Dobriyal and others.
 The Lover (French: L'Amant) is a 1992 drama film produced by Claude Berri and directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud. Based on the semi-autobiographical 1984 novel by Marguerite Duras the film details the illicit affair between a teenage French girl and a wealthy Chinese man in 1929 French Indochina. In the screenplay written by Annaud and Gérard Brach the 15 1/2-year-old protagonist is portrayed by actress Jane March who turned eighteen shortly after filming began.
 That's My Wife is a 1929 short comedy silent film produced by the Hal Roach Studios and starring Laurel and Hardy. It was shot in December 1928 and released March 23 1929 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with a synchronized music and sound effects track in theaters equipped for sound.
 Gol Maal (Devnagari: गोल माल Urdu: گول مال meaning hodgepodge confusion) is a 1979 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film was produced by Mukherjee and N.C.Sippy with music by Rahul Dev Burman. The film's music was crafted by Burman to match the timbre of Mukherjee's perception of a subtle yet complex love story involving the Indian middle class.
 Saw VI is a 2009 Canadian-American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan. It is the sixth installment in the seven–part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell Costas Mandylor Betsy Russell Mark Rolston Peter Outerbridge and Shawnee Smith.
 The Pecos Kid is a 1935 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
 Run Barbi Run is a comedy movie released by Cinemax Studios (nee GMA Films) and Moviestar Productions topbilled by Joey de Leon in 1995 with the Eraserheads and Maricel Laxa. The movie was directed by Tony Y. Reyes.
 Aag Se Khelenge is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bhaskar Shetty and starring Jeetendra Anil Kapoor Meenakshi Sheshadri.
 Ayo Joy is a 2009 documentary film produced by the French company MK2 and directed by Raphaël Duroy about the singer Ayọ. The 90 minute film which comes into the cinemas end of 2009 or early 2010 shows her life and the search for her roots during the preparations and execution of her first concert in Nigeria the birth country of her father.
 Umar Marvi (Sindhi: عمر مارئي) is a Pakistani film adapted from a popular Sindhi folk tale produced by Syed Hussain Ali Shah Fazlani directed by Shaikh Hassan and starring Fazlani himself Nigat Sultana and Noor Muhammad Charlie. Released on March 12 1956 it was the first ever Sindhi language feature film made in Pakistan.
 Farewell Concert is the live recording of the Cream's final concert at the Royal Albert Hall on 26 November 1968. Aside from the band's reunion concert in 2005 it is Cream's only official full concert release on video. It was originally broadcast by the BBC on 5 January 1969. It was not released on video in the US until 1977.
 Tähdet kertovat komisario Palmu (The Stars Will Tell Inspector Palmu) (1962) is a Finnish crime movie directed by Matti Kassila. It is the third film in the Inspector Palmu series and the second one produced by Fennada. The novel was written by Waltari through the explicit request by director Kassila. It is also the last film in the series to be shot in black and white. The fourth film was made without Waltari's involvement.
 Sea Bathing (French: Baignade en mer) is an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 40 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Dirty Pictures is a 2000 American docudrama directed by Frank Pierson. The teleplay by Ilene Chaiken focuses on the 1990 trial of Cincinnati Contemporary Arts Center director Dennis Barrie who was accused of promoting pornography by presenting an exhibit of photographs by Robert Mapplethorpe that included images of naked children and graphic displays of homosexual sadomasochism.The film premiered on Showtime on May 20 2000. It later was released on both videotape and DVD.
 Tom Thumb and Little Red Riding Hood (Spanish: Caperucita y Pulgarcito contra los monstruos) is a 1962 Mexican film directed by Roberto Rodríguez. It is a sequel to two other imported films Little Red Riding Hood (1960) and Little Red Riding Hood and Friends (1961). The dubbed version of the film was theatrically released in United States by K. Gordon Murray in 1965. The film was also released on VHS by Something Weird Video in 2002.
 The Amati Girls is a 2001 drama film written and directed by Anne De Salvo. It stars Cloris Leachman Mercedes Ruehl Dinah Manoff Sean Young Lily Knight Lee Grant and Edith Fields.This is the only film released theatrically in which Lee Grant and her daughter Dinah Manoff appeared together and was Manoff's first theatrical film in over 10 years with her previous one being Welcome Home Roxy Carmichael.
 The Cutting Edge is a 1992 romantic comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and written by Tony Gilroy. The plot is about a very rich spoiled figure skater (played by Moira Kelly) who is paired with a has-been ice hockey player (played by D. B. Sweeney) for Olympic figure skating. They face off against a Soviet pair in the climax of the film which is set at the site of the 16th Winter Olympic Games in Albertville France. The film was also shot in Hamilton Ontario Canada.
 On the Run is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Neil McCallum Susan Beaumont and William Hartnell. A boxer becomes romantically involved with a woman.
 Mondo Meyer Upakhyan ( Bengali: মন্দ মেয়ের উপখ্যান English language:A Tale of a Naughty Girl released in the French language as Chroniques Indiennes) is a 2002 Indian Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta and starring Rituparna Sengupta. The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in 2003.
 São Paulo Sociedade Anônima is a 1965 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Luis Sérgio Person. The film was selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Borderline is a 1930 film written and directed by Kenneth Macpherson and produced by the Pool Group in Territet Switzerland.
 Samurai Vendetta (薄桜記 or 'Hakuoki') is a 1959 Japanese Chambara film directed by Kazuo Mori starring Raizo Ichikawa and Shintaro Katsu originally released by Daiei Film. It is seen as a depiction of the early years of Samurai Horibe Yasubei who was one of the Forty-seven Ronin. The film is also known as Chronicle of Pale Cherry Blossoms a poetic reference to the Forty-seven Ronin.
 A Woman There Was is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is based on the short story Creation’s Tears by George James Hopkins (under the name Neje Hopkins). It is now considered lost.
 The Great Flamarion is a 1945 American black-and-white film noir directed by Anthony Mann. The film like many films noir is shot in flashback narrative. The film was produced by Republic Pictures.
 Knockabout (Chinese:雜家小子; Za jia xiao zi) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film directed by Sammo Hung and starring Hung and Yuen Biao.
 The Sword of Valor is a 1924 American film starring Snowy Baker. He plays an American sailor who falls in love with the daughter of a Spanish nobleman.
 Housata is a Czech drama film directed by Karel Smyczek. It was released in 1980.
 Gamperaliya is a 1963 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries; it was adapted from the novel Gamperaliya by Martin Wickramasinghe. The film was groundbreaking in Sinhala cinema shot entirely outside of a studio using one lamp and hand held lights for lighting.
 Alludugaru or Alludu Garu is a 1990 Telugu Drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by Mohan Babu under Lakshmi Prasanna Films. This commercially successful film ran for more than 100 days.It is a musical hit film with some Keerthanas and songs voiced by K. J. Yesudas.This film is a remake of Malayalam blockbuster Chithram starring Mohanlal and directed by Priyadarshan.
 Little Sister or Zusje is a 1995 Dutch award-winning drama film directed by Robert Jan Westdijk. Little Sister earned the Special Jury Prize at the 8th Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival in February 1997.
 High Plains Doctor: Healing on the Tibetan Plateau is a 2012 documentary film by Michael Dayan who produced directed and shot the film. Premiering on the CBC in Canada it focuses on documenting the life journey of Isaac Sobol who recounts his professional experiences and personal insights as Chief Medical Officer of Nunavut and professor of Aboriginal People's Health.High Plains Doctor was shot in the village of Yushu which was leveled in an earthquake shortly after filming.
 Convicts 4 is a 1962 prison film drama starring Ben Gazzara and directed by Millard Kaufman. A true story it is based on the autobiography of John Resko Reprieve.
 The Prince of Tides is a 1991 romantic drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Pat Conroy; the film stars Barbra Streisand and Nick Nolte. It tells the story of the narrator's struggle to overcome the psychological damage inflicted by his dysfunctional childhood in South Carolina. Streisand directed and produced the film in addition to starring in it.
 Pitch Perfect 2 is an upcoming American musical comedy film directed by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon slated for release on May 15 2015 from Universal Pictures. It is a sequel to the 2012 film Pitch Perfect which was adapted from Mickey Rapkin's non-fiction book titled Pitch Perfect: The Quest for Collegiate A Cappella Glory.
 How Death Came to Earth is a 14 minute cutout animation film by Ishu Patel produced in 1971 by the National Film Board of Canada. The film deals with an Indian myth of creation and is notable for its trippy visual style.
 Palayathu Amman (Tamil: பாளையத்து அம்மன்)is a 2000 Tamil religious film directed by Rama Narayanan. This movie stars Meena Ramki Divya Unni and Charan Raj. This movie is very much famous for Vivek's comedy.
 Boeing (707) Boeing (707) (alternately titled Boeing Boeing) is a 1965 American bedroom farce comedy film based on the 1960 French play Boeing-Boeing and starring Jerry Lewis and Tony Curtis. It was released on December 22 1965 and was the last film Paramount Pictures made with Lewis who had made films exclusively with the studio since My Friend Irma (1949).
 Love and Suicide is a 2006 independent lesbian romance film by Mia Salsi.
 Out of the Tiger's Mouth is a 1962 American drama film directed by Tim Whelan Jr. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The 300 Spartans is a 1962 Cinemascope film depicting the Battle of Thermopylae. Made with the cooperation of the Greek government it was shot in the village of Perachora in the Peloponnese. It starred Richard Egan as the Spartan king Leonidas Ralph Richardson as Themistocles of Athens and David Farrar as Persian king Xerxes with Diane Baker as Ellas and Barry Coe as Phylon providing the requisite romantic element in the film.
 The King Steps Out is a 1936 American light comedy film directed by Josef von Sternberg.
 Carrie is a 2002 supernatural horror film made for television based on the novel Carrie by Stephen King. It is the second film adaptation of the novel following the 1976 version.
 The George Raft Story is a 1961 American biographical film of Hollywood film star George Raft. Ray Danton portrays Raft and the film was directed by Joseph M. Newman. The picture was retitled Spin of a Coin for release in the United Kingdom a reference to Raft's character's famous nickel-flipping in Scarface the film that launched Raft's career as a major gangster actor.
 The Sport of Kings is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Leslie Henson Hugh Wakefield and Gordon Harker. A stern Justice of the Peace takes over a firm of bookmakers. It was based on a play by Ian Hay.
 Jothe Jotheyali (Kannada: ಜೊತೆ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada film directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep and produced by Meena Thoogudeepa Srinivas. The film stars Prem and Ramya in lead roles with a stellar guest appearance from Darshan Thoogudeep. The music for the movie was composed by a debutante music composer V. Harikrishna.
 Wunschkonzert (Request Concert) is a 1940 German drama propaganda film by Eduard von Borsody. After Die grosse Liebe it was the most popular film of wartime Germany reaching the second highest gross.
 Dogtooth (Greek: Κυνόδοντας translit. Kynodontas) is a 2009 Greek drama film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos about a husband and wife who keep their children ignorant of the world outside their property well into adulthood. The film stars Christos Stergioglou Michelle Valley Aggeliki Papoulia Mary Tsoni and Christos Passalis.
 Buried Treasure is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 47th Our Gang short subject released.
 Tire Trouble is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 21st Our Gang short subject released.
 Hawkins and Silver is the name of a 3-D CGI film based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island that is set to be released sometime in early 2014. The film will be about a young boy who has to figure out what route in life he wishes to take. The setting of the story is on a steampunk world where people and animals work with one another. Chinese animation studios Belfry Animation and DeZerlin Media will produce the film in association with US production company Quixotic Group.
 Belly of the Beast is a 2003 American action film directed by Hong Kong film director Ching Siu Ting in his American directorial debut and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on December 30 2003. Steven Seagal plays Jake Hopper a former CIA agent on a quest and to find his kidnapped daughter.
 El signo de la muerte (The Sign of Death) is a 1939 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and stars Carlos Orellana.Cast Manuel Medel: Medel Elena D'Orgaz: Lola Ponce Carlos Orellana: Dr. Gallardo Tomás Perrín: Carlos Manzano Matilde Corell: Aunt Mati Max Langler: Matlatzin [[Elia D'Erzell: Alicia*]] Manuel Arvide: Jefe de redacción (sin acreditar) Raúl Guerrero: Drunk man Rafael Icardo
 Dhokha is a film that stars Muzammil Ibrahim and Tulip Joshi in the lead roles. It is directed by Pooja Bhatt produced by Mukesh Bhatt and music by M. M. Keeravani. The film revolves around a moderate Indian Muslim cop who wakes up and to his horror discovers that his wife who had recently been killed in a bomb blast is accused of being a suicide bomber and had killed 20 people in the club.
 Kule Kidz Gråter Ikke (also known as Cool Kidz Don't Cry) is a drama film directed by Katarina Launing. It's a remake of the 2012 Dutch film Cool Kids Don't Cry (originally released as Achtste Groepers Huilen Niet) which won numerous awards.The movie is 93 minutes long and is about a teen girl who has cancer. Other kids must find out why but to find out that she needs to get to a school football competition.
 Nils Karlsson Pyssling is a 1990 Swedish family film based on the novel with the same name by Astrid Lindgren.
 The Devil's Gondola (Italian:La gondola del diavolo) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Loredana Carlo Lombardi and Erminio Spalla.
 Avatharam is an upcoming Malayalam thriller movie directing by Joshy starring Dileep in the lead role.
 00 Schneider – Jagd auf Nihil Baxter is a German film directed by Helge Schneider. It was released in 1994.He wrote the script as well as the music did film direction and played the main character and several additional roles.
 When Eagles Strike is a 2003 action film starring ex-bodybuilder Christian Boeving Stacy Keach Nate Adams Eddie Garcia and Monsour del Rosario. It was directed/co-produced by Cirio H. Santiago and also shot on the Philippines due to low budget.
 Man Friday is a 1975 British/American film. It is adapted from the 1973 play by Adrian Mitchell based on Daniel Defoe's novel Robinson Crusoe but reverses the roles portraying Crusoe as a blunt stiff Englishman while the native he calls Man Friday is much more intelligent and empathic. The film can be regarded as being critical of western civilization against which it draws an idealizing picture of Caribbean tribal life.
 The Great Smokey Roadblock is a 1977 comedy road film written and directed by John Leone. It stars Henry Fonda Eileen Brennan John Byner Dub Taylor and Daina House. The film is also known as The Last of the Cowboys.
 Insidious: Chapter 2 is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan. It is a sequel to 2011's Insidious. The film stars Patrick Wilson and Rose Byrne reprising their roles as Josh and Renai Lambert a husband and wife who seek to uncover the secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world. The film was released on September 13 2013.
 The World Gone Mad (also released as The Public Be Hanged ) is a 1933 American crime film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Pat O'Brien Evelyn Brent and Neil Hamilton. It was made on a low-budget by the independent Majestic Pictures a Poverty Row forerunner of Republic Pictures.
 Assassin for Hire is a 1951 British crime film directed by Michael McCarthy and starring Sydney Tafler Ronald Howard and Katharine Blake. A contract killer becomes stricken with remorse when he is led to believe he has murdered his brother.
 Hopalong Cassidy Returns (1936) is a Western film sequel starring William Boyd.
 Northeast (French: Air; Spanish: Nordeste) is a 2005 Argentina-French drama film-thriller film directed by Juan Diego Solanas. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 On Borrowed Time is a 1939 film about the role death plays in life and how humanity cannot live without it. It is adapted from Paul Osborn's 1938 Broadway hit play. The play based on a novel by Lawrence Edward Watkin has been revived twice on Broadway since its original run.Set in small-town America the film stars Lionel Barrymore Beulah Bondi and Sir Cedric Hardwicke.
 Chat Room is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Barry Bowles and starring Brian Hooks. The plot revolves around a bet between four high-school friends; whoever brings the best-looking woman to their ten-year high school reunion wins $50000.
 Opening Night is a 1977 American drama film written and directed by John Cassavetes and starring Gena Rowlands Ben Gazzara Joan Blondell Paul Stewart Zohra Lampert and Cassavetes.
 The Uncanny is a 1977 British anthology horror film concerning feline revenge. The film was written by Michael Parry directed by Denis Héroux and stars Peter Cushing Donald Pleasence Ray Milland Joan Greenwood Donald Pilon Samantha Eggar and John Vernon.Although it is similar to the horror anthologies released by Amicus Productions and could be mistaken as one it was actually distributed by The Rank Organisation.
 Shampoo is a 1975 American satirical romantic comedy film written by Robert Towne and directed by Hal Ashby. It stars Warren Beatty Julie Christie and Goldie Hawn with Lee Grant Jack Warden Tony Bill and in an early film appearance Carrie Fisher.The film is set on Election Day 1968 the day Richard Nixon was first elected as President of the United States and was released soon after the Watergate scandal had reached its conclusion.
 Once a Thief is a 1950 American film noir directed by W. Lee Wilder starring Cesar Romero June Havoc Marie McDonald and Lon Chaney Jr..
 Unto the Weak is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton William Bertram Ed Coxen George Field and Ida Lewis.
 30 hari mencari cinta (roughly translated as Looking For Love in 30 Days) is a 2004 Indonesian romantic comedy film drama directed by Upi Avianto and starring Maria Agnes. Music for the film was composed by Andi Rianto.
 The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the first volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings (1954–1955). It is the first installment in the The Lord of the Rings film series and was followed by The Two Towers (2002) and The Return of the King (2003) based on the second and third volumes of The Lord of the Rings.Set in Middle-earth the story tells of the Dark Lord Sauron who is seeking the One Ring.
 Jim Dine: A Self-Portrait on the Walls is a 1995 short documentary film about artist Jim Dine produced by Nancy Dine and Richard Stilwell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The film presents the artist in the context of the gallery as the studio. It allows the viewers to follow along as he builds his work on the walls of a gallery in Ludwigsburg Germany.
 The Girl on the Bridge is a 1951 American film shot in black and white cowritten and directed by Hugo Haas. It stars Hugo Haas Beverly Michaels and Robert Dane.
 A Debt of Honour is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Isobel Elsom Clive Brook and Sydney Seaward. It is based on a novel by Ethel M. Dell.
 Long Shot is a 1939 American horse racing film directed by Charles Lamont.The film is also known as The Long Shot.
 Beyond the Time Barrier is a 1960 Cold War era black and white time travel science fiction film filmed in ten days in Texas. It was produced by and starred Robert Clarke and was directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. Ulmer's wife Shirley acted as a script editor whilst their daughter Arianne Arden co-starred as a Russian pilot.
 Night of the Ninja is a straight-to-video motion picture released in 1989 by Imperial Entertainment Corp.The film is essentially two or three martial arts films edited together to appear as one although this is unconfirmed. The majority of the film's running time depicts a man attempting to escape his criminal past only to be drawn into an organized crime war over a stolen diamond.
 The Whip Hand is a 1951 American film directed by William Cameron Menzies. It stars Carla Balenda and Elliott Reid.
 To Have or Not to Have (Dashtan Va Nadashtan) is a (2001) documentary film. It was the first writing and directorial effort of Niki Karimi.
 The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a 2002 fantasy film. Although set in England the film was shot on location in South Africa.
 Neenga Nalla Irukkanum (English: (lit.) You Should Live Long) is a 1992 Tamil film written and directed by Visu. It stars Nizhalgal Ravi and Bhanupriya in the lead with Visu Chandrasekhar and Manorama forming the supporting cast. Produced by G. Venkateswaran under his banner G. V. Films the film won the award for Best Film on Other Social Issues at the 40th National Film Awards.
 Dora Saves the Snow Princess is a direct-to-video release based on the popular children's series Dora The Explorer. It was released September 30 2008 on DVD. The film is about La Princesa Sabrina who is locked in a tower by a mean witch and Dora and Boots who must save the Snow Forest which is almost melted.
 Strul is a 1988 Swedish film directed by Jonas Frick.
 Danny Boy is a 1946 American film directed by Terry O. Morse. The film is also known as Adventures of Danny Boy (American TV title).
 Leave 'Em Laughing is a 1928 two-reel silent film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. Produced by the Hal Roach Studios it was shot in October 1927 and released January 28 1928 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It marks the first appearance of Edgar Kennedy in a Laurel and Hardy film.Chapters of The Sons of the Desert (the international Laurel and Hardy Appreciation Society) take their names from the duo's films.
 For Pete's Sake! is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 127th (39th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 What Waits Below is a science-fiction adventure film (initially released under the title Secrets of the Phantom Caverns) released in 1984. Directed by Don Sharp produced by the Adams Apple Film Company the film runs for 88 minutes and starred Robert Powell Timothy Bottoms and Lisa Blount. The tagline for the video release of the film was Underground no-one can hear you die.
 The Vatican Affair (Italian: A qualsiasi prezzo) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Emilio Miraglia and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Lakshya (English: Goal (Target)) is a 2004 Bollywood war drama film directed by Farhan Akhtar with stars Hrithik Roshan Preity Zinta Sharad Kapoor Amitabh Bachchan Aditya Srivastava Om Puri and Boman Irani. Hrithik Roshan plays the role of Lieutenant (later Acting Captain) Karan Shergill who leads his team (initially 12 falling to 6 members) to victory over the Pakistani troops. It is a coming-of-age story with a fictionalized backdrop of the Kargil war.
 Oh Iboe (Perfected Spelling: Oh Ibu; literally Oh Mother) is a 1938 film from the Dutch East Indies. Directed by The Teng Chun and starring Lo Tjin Nio and Bissu it followed a suffering of a family after the matriarch dies. The film was one of several produced by The which dealt with modern stories following Gadis jang Terdjoeal the year before. It is likely lost.
 The Mad Parade is a 1931 feature film about women canteen workers toiling in a chateau near the frontlines in France during World War I. It was directed by William Beaudine and starred Evelyn Brent.
 National Treasure: Book of Secrets (also known as National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets) is a 2007 mystery/adventure film. It is a sequel to the 2004 film National Treasure and is the second part of the National Treasure franchise. It was directed by Jon Turteltaub produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Weekend Lover (Chinese: 周末情人; pinyin: Zhōu mò qíng rén) is the 1995 directorial debut by Chinese director Lou Ye. The film stars actors Jia Hongsheng and Ma Xiaoqing. Fellow director Wang Xiaoshuai also plays a minor role.The film follows a young man A Xi who is recently released from prison. Once released he seeks out his old girlfriend Li Xin who has since begun a relationship with La La a young musician. As the two men vie for her attention tension and violence escalate.
 Los Gavilanes negros (The Black Hawks) is a 1966 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Vampyros Lesbos (Spanish: Las Vampiras) is a 1971 West German-Spanish horror film directed and co-written by Jesús Franco. The film stars Ewa Stroemberg as Linda Westinghouse an American who works in a Turkish legal firm. Westinghouse has a series of erotic dreams that involve a mysterious vampire woman who seduces her before feeding on her blood. When she travels to an island to settle an inheritance Lucy recognizes a woman as the vampire from her dreams.The film was shot in 1970 in Turkey.
 Koper is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by Richard Oh and starring Anjasmara Maya Hasan and Djenar Maesa Ayu.
 Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is a 2009 American romantic comedy film whose plot is based loosely on Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. Mark Waters directed a script by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. Filming spanned February 19 2008 to July 2008 in Massachusetts with stars Matthew McConaughey Jennifer Garner Lacey Chabert and Michael Douglas.
 Shoot to Kill (also known internationally as Deadly Pursuit) is an adventure thriller movie released in 1988 starring Sidney Poitier Tom Berenger Clancy Brown Andrew Robinson and Kirstie Alley. The film was directed by Roger Spottiswoode.
 Aai Thor Tujhe Upkaar is a Marathi movie which was released in November 1999. The movie is produced by Uma Prakash Bhende and directed by her husband Prakash Bhende the movie shows how a greed ridden son drags his own mother to court for money.
 Trouble in Morocco is a 1937 film directed by Ernest B. Schoedsack.
 The Man from Mexico is a 1914 silent film produced by the Famous Players Film Company and Daniel Frohman. It starred John Barrymore in his second feature film and was remade in 1926 as Let's Get Married starring Richard Dix. The film was rereleased by Paramount in 1919 as part of the company's Success Series reissue of early successes. The Man from Mexico is now a lost film.The film is based on a Broadway play by Henry A. DuSouchet and was first performed in 1897 with William Collier Sr..
 Riocorrente is a 2013 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Paulo Sacramento. The film debuted at the 46th Festival de Brasília in September 2013 where it received the awards for best editing and best cinematography then at the 37th São Paulo International Film Festival in October 2013 it was chosen as the best Brazilian Film according to criticism Abraccine.
 The King of Comedy is a 1983 American black comedy film starring Robert De Niro and Jerry Lewis and directed by Martin Scorsese. The subject of the movie is celebrity worship and the American media culture. It was released on February 18 1983 in the United States by 20th Century Fox.
 Hu Tu Tu is a 1999 Hindi drama directed by Gulzar. Tabu received a 2000 Filmfare Award nomination for Best Actress for this movie.
 The Understudy: Graveyard Shift II is a 1988 Canadian direct-to-video horror film directed by Jerry Ciccoritti. It is the sequel to Graveyard Shift.
 You Are the Blood is a film directed by Rafael Morais. It stars Rafael Morais Edgar Morais and Jessica Today. Its plot revolves around a young man who comes back to his town after being mysteriously away for a long time.
 Theodor Herzl or Theodor Herzl Standard-Bearer of the Jewish People (German:Theodor Herzl der Bannerträger des jüdischen Volkes) is a 1921 Austrian silent drama film directed by Otto Kreisler and starring Ernst Bath Rudolph Schildkraut and Joseph Schildkraut. It portrays the life of Theodor Herzl the pioneer of modern Zionism.
 Voices Within: The Lives of Truddi Chase is an ABC-Network miniseries based on When Rabbit Howls the autobiography of Truddi Chase a woman who after being sexually abused as a child copes by developing 90 personalities. The four-hour miniseries which was directed by Lamont Johnson stars Emmy winner Shelley Long as Truddi Chase. Tom Conti co-stars as her doctor. The miniseries aired on May 20 and 21 1990 and Chase worked closely with screenwriter E.
 Prem Adda is an Indian Kannada language action film. PremMeka Murali Krishna and Kriti Kharbanda are in the lead roles of the film. The film is directed by Mahesh Babu and the film music is scored by V. Harikrishna. The film is the remake of Tamil film Subramaniapuram. Prem is acting under another director for the first time in this movie.
 The Bounty is a 1984 British adventure drama historical film directed by Roger Donaldson starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer. It is the fifth film version of the story of the mutiny on the Bounty. The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian (1972) by Richard Hough.
 Worms (Portuguese: Minhocas) is a Brazilian-Canadian stop-motion animated film directed by Paolo Conti and Arthur Medeiros. It is the first Brazilian stop-motion animated film. It was released in Brazil on December 20 2013.
 Thoroughbred is a 1936 Australian race-horse drama movie directed by Ken G. Hall partly based on the life and career of Phar Lap. Hollywood star Helen Twelvetrees was imported to Australian to appear in the film.
 Back To The Secret Garden is a 2001 family fantasy film. Produced for television the film serves as a sequel to the 1987 Hallmark Hall Of Fame film The Secret Garden. It contains some of the previous characters such as Lady Mary and Sir Colin Craven who are now married and Martha Sowerby who is now the mistress of Misselthwaite Manor which has become an orphanage for children whose parents died in World War II.
 Lalaji is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 9000 Needles is a 2009 documentary film about the story of a young husband and father and his family as they struggle to deal with the aftermath of a devastating stroke.
 Tommy the Toreador is a 1959 British musical comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Tommy Steele Janet Munro Sid James Bernard Cribbins Noell Purcell and Kenneth Williams. A British ship docks in Spain and a sailor from London tries his hand as a bullfighter.
 The Heart of No Place is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Rika Ohara based on reinterpretation of Yoko Ono's life and work. Shot entirely on Digital 8 on location in Los Angeles Berlin Tokyo Liverpool and Ho Chi Minh City and with participation of many Los Angeles- and German artists and musicians the film won the Best Film (International) award at the London Independent Film Festival 2010.
 Roseanna's Grave is a 1997 American romantic dramedy film directed by Paul Weiland. In his review Roger Ebert concludes that Roseanna's Grave isn't of much consequence perhaps and the gears of the plot are occasionally visible as they turn. But it's a small sweet film that never tries for more than it's sure of and the actors find it such a relief to be playing such goodhearted characters that we can almost feel it.
 The Dallas Connection is a 1994 action adventure film starring Bruce Penhall Mark Barriere and Julie Strain. It was written and directed by Christian Drew Sidaris and is part of the Triple B film series produced by Andy Sidaris.
 Spinning into Butter is a 2008 drama film written by Rebecca Gilman and loosely based on her play of the same title. It was directed by first-time director Mark Brokaw and produced by Sarah Jessica Parker who also stars in the film. Spinning into Butter was sold for distribution Cannes Film Market on May 17 2007 and opened in the U.S. in March 2009. The film concerns political correctness and racial identity.
 Zabawka is a 1933 Polish romantic drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 The Garden of Allah (1936) is a dramatic film made by Selznick International Pictures directed by Richard Boleslawski and produced by David O. Selznick. The screenplay was written by William P. Lipscomb and Lynn Riggs based on the 1905 novel by Robert S. Hichens. Hichens's novel had been filmed twice before as silent films made in 1916 and 1927. This sound version stars Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer with Basil Rathbone C.
 Miss Brewster's Millions is a lost 1926 silent comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Clarence G. Badger directed and the ever popular Bebe Daniels starred. It was based on a book George Barr McCutcheon and play by Winchell Smith and Byron Ongley and had been filmed before in 1921 with Roscoe Arbuckle.
 El Greco is a 1966 Italian drama film and biography of the master painter El Greco directed by Luciano Salce and starring Mel Ferrer and Rosanna Schiaffino.
 Megvédtem egy asszonyt is a 1938 Hungarian comedy film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi and starring Antal Páger Mária Lázár and Andor Ajtay. A lawyer acts for a woman in a case but soon finds himself embroiled in her divorce as a co-respondent.
 War Paint is a 1926 Western film directed by W. S. Van Dyke. The film stars Tim McCoy. Louis B. Mayer observed the profits made by other studios with western franchises such as Tom Mix Buck Jones or Hoot Gibson. He selected a genuine army officer who had lived with Indian tribes to come to Hollywood as an advisor on 1922's The Covered Wagon: Colonel Timothy John Fitzgerald McCoy.
 Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na (Bengali: ভালবাসলেই ঘর বাঁধা যায় না) is a 2010 Dhallywood drama film is directed by Jakir Hossain Raju who also wrote the story and screenplay and produced by Mastex Production. The film is starring Shakib Khan Apu Biswas and Rumana. For a song pictured of this film in Bangkok. It was highly critical and commercially successful. The film won seven National Film Awards including Best Actor and two Meril Prothom Alo Awards.
 Eleven Men Out (Icelandic: Strákarnir okkar (About this sound pronunciation )) is comedy-drama directed by Robert Ingi Douglas. The film participated in the Toronto International Film Festival (2005) the Berlin International Film Festival (2006) and the Hawaii International Film Festival.
 See also For king and country (disambiguation).For Queen and Country is a 1989 crime drama film written and directed by Martin Stellman and produced by Working Title Films and Zenith starring Denzel Washington. Washington stars as Reuben James a Black British former paratrooper who joined the British Army to escape the poverty of inner city London.
 The Designated Mourner is a play written by Wallace Shawn in 1996 which was adapted into a film directed by David Hare in 1997.The film which follows the play's script exactly is based on the original London stage production directed by Hare and has the same cast: Mike Nichols as Jack Miranda Richardson as Judy and David de Keyser as Howard.
 An Eye for an Eye (aka Talion) is a 1966 Western film directed by Michael D. Moore.Robert Lansing plays Talion a homesteader who after his ranch is burned to the ground and his wife and child are murdered meets up with and hires bounty hunter Benny Wallace (Patrick Wayne son of John Wayne) to track down the killer Ike Slant (Slim Pickens). Along the way they befriend single mother Bri Quince (Gloria Talbott) and her son Jo-Hi (Clint Howard).
 Storm Over the Pacific (ハワイ・ミッドウェイ大海空戦 太平洋の嵐 Hawai Middouei daikaikusen: Taiheiyo no arashi) (literally Hawaii-Midway Battle of the Sea and Sky: Storm in the Pacific Ocean) is a 1960 color (Eastmancolor) Japanese film directed by Shūe Matsubayashi.It is the first color widescreen war film from Toho Studios.
 Genesis II is a 1973 American television film pilot created and produced by Gene Roddenberry and directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. The film which opens with the line My name is Dylan Hunt. My story begins the day on which I died is the story of a 20th-century man thrown forward in time to a post-apocalyptic future by an accident in suspended animation.
 The Shooter is a 1997 western film starring Michael Dudikoff and directed by Fred Olen Ray (credited as Ed Raymond).
 Naadan Pennu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Marlowe (1969) is a neo-noir movie starring James Garner as Raymond Chandler's private detective Philip Marlowe. Directed by Paul Bogart the mystery film was written by Stirling Silliphant based on Chandler's 1949 novel The Little Sister.The supporting cast includes Bruce Lee Gayle Hunnicutt Rita Moreno Sharon Farrell Carroll O'Connor and Jackie Coogan.The film foreshadowed James Garner's second Los Angeles P.I.
 Denias Senandung Di Atas Awan is a 2006 Indonesian film directed by John de Rantau. This film was starring Albert Fakdawer Ari Sihasale Nia Zulkarnaen and Marcella Zalianty.
 Njan ( (Malayalam : ഞാന്‍ translation: Me) is an upcoming Malayalam film directing by Ranjith. It stars Dulquar Salmaan and Shruthi Ramachandran in lead roles.
 Heavyweights (stylized onscreen as Heavy Weights) is a 1995 Walt Disney Pictures comedy film directed by Steven Brill and co-written by Brill with Judd Apatow. Heavyweights is about a fat camp for kids that is taken over by a fitness guru named Tony Perkis (Ben Stiller).
 Double Whammy is a 2001 comedy/drama film. Although intended to be released in theaters it was ultimately distributed direct-to-video.
 Vigilante Force is a 1976 American action film concerning a Vietnam War veteran (Kris Kristofferson) and his buddies who are hired by his brother (Jan-Michael Vincent) and others in a small California town for protection from rowdy oil-field workers.
 The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak original title Gwendoline is a 1984 French action/sexploitation film directed by Just Jaeckin written by Jaeckin and John Willie and starring Tawny Kitaen and Brent Huff. The film is loosely based on the bondage-themed comics of Willie and on the figure of Gwendoline.
 London Boulevard is a 2010 British film noir released in the United Kingdom on 26 November 2010. It is based on Ken Bruen's 2001 novel of the same name with screenplay and direction by William Monahan marking his directorial debut. The cast features Colin Farrell Keira Knightley and Ray Winstone.
 Confess is a 2005 American independent feature film written and directed by Stefan Schaefer.
 Phool is a 1945 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fourth highest grossing Indian film of 1945.
 Vampyr (German: Vampyr – Der Traum des Allan Grey Vampire: the Dream of Allan Grey; German pronunciation: [vamˈpiːɐ̯]) is a 1932 German–French horror film directed by Danish director Carl Theodor Dreyer. The film was written by Dreyer and Christen Jul based on elements from J. Sheridan Le Fanu's collection of supernatural stories In a Glass Darkly. Vampyr was funded by Nicolas de Gunzburg who starred in the film under the name of Julian West among a mostly non-professional cast.
 The Picture Show Man is a 1977 Australian film about a travelling film exhibitor (John Meillon) in the 1920s. He has to deal with the rebelliousness of his son (Harold Hopkins) and a rival American exhibitor (Rod Taylor).The film was Rod Taylor's first role in an Australian film for over twenty years. He was cast as an American because the producer was concerned about his ability to perform in an Australian accent.
 Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby Art Marcum and Matt Holloway the film stars Robert Downey Jr. Terrence Howard Jeff Bridges Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow.
 Growing Pains: Return of the Seavers (also known as Growing Pains II: Home Equity) is a 2004 American television film that first aired on ABC October 16 2004. It is the story of the modern-day Seaver family from the 1985–92 television series Growing Pains.
 NYC: Tornado Terror is a 2008 Canadian-made disaster film for TV. It stars Nicole de Boer Sebastian Spence and Jerry Wasserman. It premiered on Syfy on October 4 2008 and is directed by Tibor Takács.The film is about global warming which causes the upper and lower atmosphere to separate so that their different movements generate huge electrical charges which causes huge electrical tornadoes to drop on New York City causing destruction and loss of life. Dr.
 Rasputin is a 2010 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
 South Atlantic Raiders is a two-part 1990 comedy film made for British television as part of The Comic Strip Presents... series and was originally broadcast on BBC 2. It is a satire of the Falklands War.
 John and Julie (1955) is a British comedy film featuring Peter Sellers and Sid James in early screen roles.
 House at the End of the Street is a 2012 American psychological horror thriller film directed by Mark Tonderai that stars Jennifer Lawrence Max Thieriot Gil Bellows and Elisabeth Shue.The film's plot revolves around a teenage girl named Elissa who along with her newly divorced mother Sarah moves to a new neighborhood only to discover that the house at the end of the street was the site of a gruesome double murder committed by a girl named Carrie Anne whom disappeared without a trace.
 The Gumball Rally is a 1976 film directed and co-written by Charles Bail about a coast-to-coast road race. It was inspired by the Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash run by Brock Yates which inspired several other films including Cannonball and Cannonball Run as well as the Gumball 3000 international race.
 Bicycle Hora is a 1968 Sri Lankan film directed by K.A.W. Perera.
 The Vicious Years is a 1950 American film directed by Robert Florey. An orphan named Mario witnesses Luca Rossi committing a murder and blackmails Luca into taking him home as a member of his family.
 Supermen Against the Orient (also known as Crash che botte! The Three Fantastic Supermen in the Orient) is a Hong Kong-Italian co-production superhero film directed by Bitto Albertini. It is a spin-off of Gianfranco Parolini's 1967 film I Fantastici tre supermen. The film is notable for featuring a cameo appearance by a young Jackie Chan who here also already worked as choreographer It was a commercial success in Italy and also in Hong Kong.
 Comic King (Chinese: 漫畫風雲; pinyin: Man Hua Feng Yun) is a 2000 Hong Kong comedy film directed by O Sing-Pui. It was shown in cinemas from 19 January 2001 to 21 February 2001.
 The Stranglers of Bombay is a 1959 adventure/horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Films dealing with the British East India Company's investigation of the cult of Thuggee stranglers in the 1830s. The movie stars Guy Rolfe and Jan Holden and some believe influenced Steven Spielberg's 1984 film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom .
 Cloistered Nun: Runa's Confession (修道女ルナの告白 Shudojo Runa no kokuhaku) (1976) is a Japanese pink film in the nunsploitation genre starring pop singer Luna Takamura directed by Masaru Konuma and produced by Nikkatsu.
 Destination Earth is a 1956 promotional cartoon created by John Sutherland. The 14 minute short explains the fundamentals of the petroleum industry and how petroleum products enrich everyday life in the United States of America as well as the benefits of a free market economy.
 Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is a 1993 American remake of the 1963 film The Incredible Journey which was based on the best-selling novel The Incredible Journey by Sheila Burnford. Directed by Duwayne Dunham it was released on February 3 1993. It grossed $41833324 worldwide and was followed in 1996 by Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco. This film is dedicated to producer Franklin R. Levy who died during production of the film.
 Crainquebille (1922) is a French silent film directed by Jacques Feyder. The film was known as Bill in the US and as Old Bill of Paris and Coster Bill of Paris in the UK. The restored film is now known for its cinematic realism compared to many other films of the silent era.
 Unnai Kodu Ennai Tharuven (Tamil: உன்னை கொடு என்னை தருவேன்) (English: Give Me Yourself And I'll Give You Me) is a Tamil film produced by R. B. Choudary and directed by Kavee Kalidas. It features Ajith Kumar and Simran in the lead roles with Parthiban in a guest appearance. It was released on 25 May 2000 to mixed reviews.
 Michael is a 2011 Indian psychological thriller film directed by Ribhu Dasgupta and produced by Anurag Kashyap.
 Scarred City is a 1998 action film.
 The Soul's Cycle is a six-reels 1916 drama-genre film directed by Ulysses Davis.
 I Loved an Armchair (Greek: Αγάπησα μια πολυθρόνα translit. Agapisa Mia Polythrona) is a 1971 Greek film directed by Dinos Dimopoulos and produced by Karagiannis-Karatzopoulos S.A. starring Kostas Voutsas Eleni Erimou and Giorgos Papazisis. It was written by Lakis Mihailides and was based on the 1969 Russian film Twelve Chairs which was also made into the 1970 American film The Twelve Chairs directed by Mel Brooks.
 The Veils of Bagdad is a 1953 film starring Victor Mature.
 Traveling Husbands is a 1931 American drama film directed by Paul Sloane and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Paulie is a 1998 American family film about a talking parrot named Paulie. It was directed by John Roberts and written by Laurie Craig and it was produced by Mark Gordon Gary Levinsohn and Allyson Lyon Segan for Mutual Film Company and DreamWorks. The movie stars Jay Mohr as Paulie's voice and Tony Shalhoub as a janitor (caretaker) who finds him imprisoned in a biological research laboratory along with Gena Rowlands Cheech Marin Bruce Davison and Trini Alvarado.
 Los tres huastecos (The Three Huastecos) is a 1948 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez .
 The Great Moment is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson Alec B. Francis and Milton Sills. The film is now considered lost though a fragment still exists and is preserved at the BFI National Archive.
 Transylvania 6-5000 is a 1985 American/Yugoslav horror/comedy movie about two tabloid reporters who travel to modern-day Transylvania to uncover the truth behind Frankenstein sightings. Along the way they encounter other horror movie staples — a mummy a werewolf a vampire — each with a twist.Directed by Rudy De Luca the film stars Jeff Goldblum Ed Begley Jr. Joseph Bologna and Geena Davis.
 José and Pilar (Portuguese: José e Pilar) is a Portuguese documentary directed by Miguel Gonçalves Mendes following the last years of the Nobel Prize winner José Saramago chiefly through his relationship with his resolute wife Pilar del Río. Highly praised by the critics and the audience the film seems to have accomplished to show the tenderness the genuine integrity and the deeply concerned humanity behind such controversial figure and his spouse.
 Crocodile Hunters is 1949 documentary directed by Lee Robinson about both aboriginal and professional crocodile hunters in the Northern Territory. The film has since been used as a study text for Australian secondary schools.
 Behind the Mask is a 1958 British drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Michael Redgrave Vanessa Redgrave Ian Bannen and Lionel Jeffries. It portrays the life of a surgeon in a busy hospital.
 Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky is a 1985 short film written by Academy Award winning screenwriter Mordecai Richler about an eccentric Jewish intellectual that accuses his teacher of hiding his Jewish identity. The film is based on Richler's 1978 short story Mortimer Griffin Shalinsky and How they Settled the Jewish Question.
 Within Every Woman is a documentary film depicting war crimes committed by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II in Asia. It documents the systematic rape of over 200000 young girls between the ages of nine and twenty-years-old during World War II in Asia.
 Alien Adventure is a science fiction/slapstick comedy 3D film in IMAX format released in 1999 by nWave Pictures written and directed by Ben Stassen. The movie was rated G (or the local equivalent) in most countries. It was the first fully digital feature length film produced for a large screen format.
 The Mirror is a 1913 silent film directed by Anthony O'Sullivan.
 1981 longer title 1981: L'année ou je suis devenue un menteur (1981: The Year I Became a Liar) is a 2009 Canadian French language comedy-drama film from Quebec written and directed by Ricardo Trogi. It was released on 4 September 2009. The film is autobiographical about the youth years of the director as told by him during the film.
 Gita Cinta dari SMA (Love Song in High School) is a 1979 Indonesian film directed by Arizal and starring Rano Karno and Yessi Gusman.
 Reconstruction is a 2001 documentary made by Irene Lusztig that investigates the Ioanid Gang bank heist committed in 1959 in Communist Romania. The film focuses on Monica Sevianu Lusztig's grandmother and the only female involved in the heist.The documentary gets its name from a propaganda film that was made by the Romanian government three years after the robbery was committed.
 Victory and Peace is a 1918 British silent war film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Matheson Lang Marie Lohr and James Carew. The film was produced by the National War Aims Committee for propaganda reasons during the First World War. The screenplay was written by the novelist Hall Caine who was personally invited to do so by the Prime Minister David Lloyd George. Because the war ended the film never went on general release.
 Ek Chotisi Love Story (English: One Small Love Story) is a 2002 romantic film directed by Shashilal K. Nair. The film is an adaptation of Krzysztof Kieślowski's A Short Film About Love (Krótki film o miłości 1988). Released admist a lot of controversy the movie generated tremendous response at the box office becoming one of the few Hit of the year.
 Lurking in Suburbia is a comedy motion picture about a writer living in his suburban hometown with his high school pals and trying to come to terms with his biggest fear… Growing up! It was discovered by Sundance Film Festival programmer Trevor Groth and went on to become a film festival favorite.
 The Man Who Captured Eichmann is an American 1996 television movie about the capture of Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann by the Israeli secret service Mossad. The film aired on the TNT Network The film stars Robert Duvall who produced the film plus Jeffrey Tambor and Arliss Howard.
 Santiago also known as The Gun Runner is a 1956 film starring and co-produced by Alan Ladd set in 1898 Cuba against the background of the Cuban War of Independence. Martin Rackin wrote the screenplay and co-produced the film.
 Son of a Gunfighter (Spanish: El Hijo del Pistolero) is a 1965 Western film directed by Paul Landres.
 Deepak Mahal is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Cavale (One: On the Run) is a 2002 Lucas Belvaux Film with his own script and starred by him.This is the first instalment of a series Trilogy which constitutes a thriller followed by Two: Un couple épatant a comedy and Three: Après la vie a melodrama.
 Komal Gandhar (Bengali: কোমল গান্ধার Kōmal Gāndhār) also known as A Soft Note on a Sharp Scale is a 1961 Bengali film written and directed by noted film maker Ritwik Ghatak. The title refers to the Hindustani equivalent of E-flat. It was part of the trilogy Meghe Dhaka Tara (1960) Komal Gandhar and Subarnarekha (1962) all dealing with the aftermath of the Partition of India in 1947 and the refugees coping with it though this was the most optimistic film of his oeuvre.
 Ek Do Teen is a 1953 Hindi comedy film produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey. It stars Motilal Meena Shorey Yashodra Katju Majnu and Iftekhar.The story screenplay and dialogues were written by Krishan Chander. The story has some similarity to Somerset Maugham's 'Facts Of Life'. The music was composed by Vinod and the lyricist was Aziz Kashmiri. The film was a follow up to Ek Thi Ladki (1949) which was directed by Roop K. Shorey and starred his wife Meena Shorey with Motilal.
 Noora (The Kiss of Life) is the first fiction film directed by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh it has participated in major international film festivals and has won many awards.This film is the story of a ten-year old boy who lives with his father mother little sister and grandmother in a cottage in one of the jungles in the north of Iran. His little sister became paralyzed in an accident.
 DPG Eulogy is a 2005 documentary on Tha Dogg Pound.
 The 'Burbs is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Joe Dante starring Tom Hanks Bruce Dern Carrie Fisher Rick Ducommun Corey Feldman and Henry Gibson. The film was written by Dana Olsen who also has a cameo in the movie. The film pokes fun at suburban environments and their eccentric dwellers.
 Al-Kompars (Arabic: الكومبارس‎) (International title: The Extras) is a Syrian feature film by director Nabil Maleh.The film presents a humorous contemporary romance about an insecure/moody bachelor and a gentle widow. Salem (Bassam Koussa) is a garage mechanic who finds escape as an extra in a theater group. Having no apartment of his own he borrows a friend's place for an innocent afternoon tryst with widowed Nada (Samar Sami) a worker in a garment factory.
 Pathinaaru (Tamil: பதினாறு; English: Sixteen) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy who earlier directed films like V.I.P (1997) Punnagai Poove (2003) and A Aa E Ee (2009). It stars Shiva and Madhu Shalini in lead along with musician Darbuka Siva and television artist Abhishek in pivotal roles. The film's background score and soundtrack was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 The Fourth Revolution: Energy also known as Die 4. Revolution – Energy Autonomy is a German documentary film about renewable energy by Carl-A. Fechner released in 2010. It shows the vision of a global society which lives in a world where the energy is produced 100% with renewable energies showing a complete reconstruction of the economy to reach this goal.The production of the film lasted four years and was financed by volunteers.
 For the song by The Replacements see Pleased to Meet Me.Can't Hardly Wait is a 1998 American teen comedy film written and directed by Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont.
 Berry-Strawberry (Udmurt: Узы-Боры translit. Uzy-Bory; Russian: Ягода-Клубника translit. Yagoda-Klubnika ) is a 2011 comedy film in Udmurt language directed by Piotr Pałgan based on a story by Darali Leli screenplay by Darali Leli. Prior to making a film in the history of Udmurt cinema was only two films: The shadow of Alangasar (1994) The Rivals (1929). It was produced by Udmurt-Polish Inwis kinopottonni. The film's budget is not advertised.
 Daya is a 1998 Malayalam period film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair directed by Venu and starring Manju Warrier in the lead role. The storyline of the film is adapted from One Thousand and One Nights. Vishal Bharadwaj scored the music of the film. It was the directorial debut of cinematographer Venu. He won the awards for best debut director at the National Film Awards and Kerala State Film Awards.
 Swing it magistern! is a 1940 Swedish film directed by Schamyl Bauman and starring Adolf Jahr and Alice Babs.
 Images of the Last Battalion is a 229 black and white Retro-fiction 3DCG/Animation short film directed by Koichi Kishita (岸田 幸士) in 2005 then he was student at the Digital Hollywood graduate school of Tokyo (デジタルハリウッド株式会社). This work was officially released at the Raiden theater in May 2006 as a trailer for Mamoru Oshii's Kerberos Panzer Jäger.
 Over-Thirty Alumnus Association (三十路同窓会　ハメをはずせ！ Misojidōsōkai: Hame o Hazuse!) is a 2001 Japanese pink film directed by Kazue Nakamura. It won the award for Tenth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Our Hospitality is a silent comedy directed by and starring Buster Keaton. Released in 1923 by Metro Pictures Corporation the movie uses slapstick and situational comedy to tell the story of Willie McKay a city slicker who gets caught in the middle of the infamous Canfield & McKay feud an obvious satire of the real-life Hatfield-McCoy feud.
 A Home for Tanya (Russian: Отчий дом translit. Otchiy dom) is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 War Brides is a lost silent film war drama directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Alla Nazimova. The film marked Nazimova's debut in motion pictures. The film's lost status makes it a sought after title.
 Bibliothèque Pascal is a 2010 Hungarian drama film directed by Szabolcs Hajdu. The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 The Hard Word (released in some regions as The Australian Job) is a 2002 Australian crime film about three bank-robbing brothers who are offered a role in a bold heist while serving time in prison. The film was written and directed by Scott Roberts and stars Guy Pearce and Rachel Griffiths.The film is not well known but for some is a major success for Australian cinema.
 Hayseed Romance is a 1935 short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters is an American/Japanese film co-written and directed by Paul Schrader in 1985. Francis Ford Coppola and George Lucas served as executive producers.The film is based on the life and work of Japanese writer Yukio Mishima interweaving episodes from his life with dramatizations of segments from his books The Temple of the Golden Pavilion Kyoko's House and Runaway Horses.
 The Kid and the Cowboy is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 14 Hours is a 2005 medical emergency docudrama produced for the TNT Network and starring JoBeth Williams. The film was set in Houston Texas and filmed in Vancouver Canada. Based on true-life events surrounding Tropical Storm Allison in 2001 the film was released internationally on DVD by Paramount Pictures. 14 Hours was produced through Cosmic Entertainment which counts Kurt Russell Goldie Hawn Oliver Hudson and Kate Hudson as its principals and sponsored by Johnson & Johnson.
 Tonight We Sing is a 1953 musical biopic film directed by Mitchell Leisen based on the life and career of the celebrated impresario Sol Hurok. It stars David Wayne and Ezio Pinza. The tenor voice of Jan Peerce was heard in the picture as well as the RCA Victor soundtrack release.
 La Famiglia Passaguai fa fortuna is a 1951 Italian film directed by Aldo Fabrizi.
 P2 is a 2007 American/Canadian thriller film directed by Franck Khalfoun written and produced by Khalfoun Alexandre Aja and Grégory Levasseur and starring Rachel Nichols and Wes Bentley. The trio of Khalfoun Aja and Levasseur have also worked on the 2006 film The Hills Have Eyes.The film's title comes from an underground parking-garage level in which the film takes place.
 The Jerusalem File is a 1972 film directed by John Flynn. It stars Bruce Davison Nicol Williamson Daria Halprin and Donald Pleasence.
 Fjols til fjells is a Norwegian situation comedy film released in 1957. It is often regarded as one of the best Norwegian films of all time.
 The Hour of the Furnaces (Spanish: La hora de los hornos) is a 1968 film directed by Octavio Getino and Fernando Solanas. 'The paradigm of revolutionary activist cinema' it addresses the politics of the 'Third worldist' films and Latin-American manifesto of the late 1960s.
 I'll Bury You Tomorrow is a 2002 low-budget independent thriller written and directed by Alan Rowe Kelly produced by New Millennium Pictures starring Zoë Daelman Chlanda Bill Corry and Katherine O'Sullivan. The film premiered in West Paterson New Jersey on June 17 2002 and was released in DVD format on January 31 2006.I'll Bury You Tomorrow was filmed at Garrett Mountain Reservation in West Paterson New Jersey.
 A Crime (French title: Un crime) is a 2006 thriller film directed by Manuel Pradal written by Pradal and Tonino Benacquista and starring Emmanuelle Béart.The film unfolds the story of Vincent (Norman Reedus) who looks for his wife's killer. In the process his neighbor Alice (Emmanuelle Béart) decides to invent a culprit so that he can find revenge. However there is no ideal culprit and crime.
 Slow Burn is an American drama thriller film starring Ray Liotta Jolene Blalock and LL Cool J which is notable for the extended period between production and eventual release. A crime drama the film was produced in 2003 was finally given a showing at the 2005 Toronto Film Festival and finally got a proper theatrical release in 2007.
 Demonic Toys 2 also known as Demonic Toys 2: Personal Demons is a 2010 horror film written and directed by William Butler and produced by Charles Band. It is a slasher film and is a sequel to Demonic Toys and Hideous!.
 Nightmare is a 2011 Chinese horror film directed by Yip Wai Ying.
 Vicharana (English: Trial) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by Sibi Malayil. The film stars Mammootty Sobhana Nedumudi Venu Seema Mukesh Jagathy Sreekumar and Prathapachandran.
 The Avenging Hand is a 1937 British film directed by Victor Hanbury and Frank Richardson.
 Mukti is a 1977 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Raj Tilak starring Shashi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar Vidya Sinha and Mithun Chakraborty
 Everyone Dies Alone (Original title: Jeder stirbt für sich allein) is a 1976 German film produced and released in Germany in 1975 adapted from the Hans Fallada novel Every Man Dies Alone. The book was based on the story of two ordinary Germans Otto and Elise Hampel who committed acts of civil disobedience against the Third Reich were caught and sentenced to death.
 A Sailor Tramp is a 1922 British silent adventure film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Victor McLaglen Pauline Johnson and Hugh E. Wright. It was based on a novel by Bart Kennedy.
 A Man Escaped or: The Wind Bloweth Where It Listeth (French: Un condamné à mort s'est échappé ou Le vent souffle où il veut) is a 1956 French film directed by Robert Bresson. It is based on the memoirs of André Devigny a prisoner of war held at Montluc prison during World War II. The protagonist of the film is called Fontaine.
 Perversion for Profit is a 1965 propaganda film financed by Charles Keating and narrated by news reporter George Putnam. A vehement diatribe against pornography the film argues that sexually explicit materials corrupt young viewers and readers leading to acts of violence and perverted attitudes regarding sex—including inclination toward homosexuality. Although Perversion for Profit is quite serious in its suggestion that pornography could erode the integrity of American culture Peter L.
 Moana (pronounced [ˈmo.ana]) is a 1926 documentary film the first docufiction in the history of cinema directed by Robert J. Flaherty the creator of Nanook of the North (1922). Moana was filmed in Samoa in the villages of Safune on the island of Savai'i. The name of the lead male character moana means 'deep water' in the Samoan language.In making the film Flaherty lived with his wife and children in Samoa for more than a year.
 Breaking and Entering is a 2006 romantic crime drama directed by Anthony Minghella and starring Jude Law Juliette Binoche and Robin Wright Penn. The film was written by Minghella his first original screenplay since his 1991 feature debut Truly Madly Deeply.
 The Love Contract is a 1932 British musical film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Winifred Shotter Owen Nares and Sunday Wilshin. A young woman becomes the driver of a wealthy stockbroker who lost her family's savings. It was based on a play by Jean de Letraz Suzanne Desty and Roger Blum. It was produced by Herbert Wilcox's company British & Dominions Film Corporation. Alternate language versions were made in French and in German both of which were also directed by Selpin.
 Sam Small Leaves Town is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Alfred J. Goulding and starring Stanley Holloway June Clyde and Fred Conyngham. In order to win a bet a famous actor leaves London and goes to work incognito in a holiday camp. It is also known by the alternative title It's Sam Small Again.
 Reminiscencias is a 2011 Peruvian experimental documentary film written produced and directed by Juan Daniel Fernández Molero.
 Le Grand Méliès is a 1952 short documentary film directed by Georges Franju about the life of the film pioneer Georges Méliès.
 The House Without a Name is a 1956 short documentary film written and produced by Valentine Davies. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Haunting is a 1999 remake of the 1963 horror film of the same name. Both films are based on the novel The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson published in 1959. The Haunting was directed by Jan de Bont and stars Liam Neeson Catherine Zeta-Jones Owen Wilson and Lili Taylor. It was released in the United States on July 23 1999.
 Amanece que no es poco is a 1989 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Cuerda.
 Northern Patrol is a 1953 American western film directed by Rex Bailey and starring Kirby Grant Marian Carr and William Phipps. The film was part of a series of ten films featuring Kirby Grant as a Canadian Mountie.
 Passion or Bab al-Makam (Arabic: باب المقام‎) (International title: Passion) is a Syrian feature drama film by director Mohamed Malas.The film presents a highly critical view of a rabidly patriarchal society. In the film Amine (Salwa Jamil) is a Syrian woman whose passion for music becomes her fall. In traditional Islamic society a respectable woman equals a silent woman - but Amine refuses to abide by such rules. Rather than live in dishonor her own family decides to do away with her.
 The First Man (French: Le Premier Homme) is a 2011 French-Italian drama film directed by Gianni Amelio and is based on the novel of the same name.
 Le rouge et le noir (English: The Red and the Black) is a 1954 French drama film directed by Claude Autant-Lara who co-wrote the screenplay with Jean Aurenche and Pierre Bost based on the novel The Red and the Black by Stendhal.
 On the Old Spanish Trail is a 1947 American film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers.
 Here Without Me is an Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Tavakoli produced in 2010 and screened in 2011.The story is about a family of three dreaming about their wishes and was inspired by the play The Glass Menagerie written by Tennessee Williams. Fatemeh Motamed-Arya won the best actress award in the 35th Montreal World Film Festival (WFF) for this film.
 Bobbos (Arabic: بوبوس‎) is an Egyptian film released in 2009.
 Runaway Jury is a 2003 American thriller film directed by Gary Fleder and starring John Cusack Gene Hackman Dustin Hoffman and Rachel Weisz. It is an adaptation of John Grisham's novel The Runaway Jury.
 Eyes of an Angel is a 1991 drama starring John Travolta and directed by Robert Harmon. It was released in France Sweden and on TV in the U.S. as The Tender. It was released straight to video in 1994 under its proper title to coincide with Travolta's bigger name release Pulp Fiction. According to the opening credits the movie is based on a true story.
 Fast Break is a 1979 American comedy film. Fast Break stars Gabe Kaplan as David Greene Harold Sylvester as D.C. and Bernard King as Hustler. It was directed by Jack Smight and produced by Stephen Friedman. The film was the big screen debut of Kaplan although he had made earlier appearances on television sitcoms and movies and was one of the first film appearances of Laurence Fishburne.This film also featured the hit song With You I'm Born Again by Billy Preston and Syreeta.
 Lambchops (1929) is a comedy Vitaphone short which is a filming of a vaudeville performance by George Burns and Gracie Allen of the comedy routine Lambchops written by Al Boasberg.
 The Golden Dawn is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Ralph Dewsbury and starring Gertrude McCoy Warwick Ward and Frank Petley. An actress falls in love with a blind man.
 Blue Planet is an IMAX film directed by Ben Burtt and produced by the IMAX Space Technology corporation for the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum as well as Lockheed Corporation. Filmed with the cooperation of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) it was written edited and narrated by Toni Myers.Partially filmed from orbit during space shuttle missions the film is about the planet Earth.
 The Confession is a 1999 drama film directed by David Hugh Jones starring Ben Kingsley and Alec Baldwin. It is based on the novel by Sol Yurick.
 National Lampoon Presents Endless Bummer is a 2009 comedy film directed by Sam Pillsbury starring Jim Piddock and Khan Chittenden. The plot involves a group of teens and a veteran surfer who take a road trip from Ventura CA to the San Fernando Valley in order to track down a prized stolen surfboard.
 Taqwacore: The Birth of Punk Islam is a 2009 documentary film directed by Omar Majeed and produced by EyeSteelFilm about various Taqwacore bands and performers touring the United States and Pakistan. The documentary was filmed between 2007 and 2009.
 Death Bell 2: Bloody Camp (Hangul: 고死 두번째 이야기 : 교생실습; RR: Gosa dubeonjjae iyagi : Gyosaengsilseup) is a 2010 Korean horror film. The film was directed by Yoo Sun-dong. The film is a sequel to the 2008 film Death Bell. The story is unrelated to the previous film.
 Love for Rent is a 2005 romantic comedy directed by Shane Edelman. It stars Angie Cepeda Ken Marino Nora Dunn and Martita Roca.
 La Commune (Paris 1871) is a 2000 historical drama film directed by Peter Watkins about the Paris Commune. It is a historical re-enactment in the style of a documentary and was shot in just 13 days in an abandoned factory on the outskirts of Paris.
 Komaram Bheem is a Telugu language film directed by Allani Sridhar based on the early 20th century tribal leader Komaram Bheem. It won two Nandi awards in 1990 - for the best director of a debut film and another for best feature film on national integration.
 No Deposit No Return is a 1976 comedy film directed by Norman Tokar. It was written by Arthur Alsberg and Don Nelson. It is the story of two children (Tracy and Jay) who hold themselves for ransom reluctantly aided by a couple of inept petty criminals an expert safecracker (Duke) who somehow never manages to steal anything and his bungling sidekick (Bert).
 Two Cents Worth of Hope (Italian: Due soldi di speranza) is a 1952 film directed by Renato Castellani.It shared the Grand Prix prize with the film Othello at the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gabrielle is a 2005 French film directed by Patrice Chéreau. It is a screen adaptation of Joseph Conrad's short story The Return.
 Every Child is an animated short film produced in 1979 by the National Film Board of Canada in association with UNICEF.This is a film without words incorporating sounds by Les Mîmes Électriques (The Electric Mimes).
 Double Vision is a 1992 television film directed by Robert Knights. The film was based on the novel by Mary Higgins Clark.
 Tron is a 1982 American science fiction film released by Walt Disney Productions. The film was written and directed by Steven Lisberger based on a story by Lisberger and Bonnie MacBird. The film stars Jeff Bridges Bruce Boxleitner David Warner Cindy Morgan and Barnard Hughes.
 Grahanam (English Translation: The Eclipse) is a 2004 Telugu film directed by Indraganti Mohan Krishna. The film is based on the Novel and Story written by Gudipati Venkatachalam. The film won critical acclaim upon release and bagged National Film Award for the Best First Film of a Director. The film was also premiered at Seattle First Independent South Asian Film Festival 2004 and Mumbai Asian Film Festival 2004.
 Metro (Russian: Метро) is a 2013 Russian action film directed by Anton Megerdichev.
 The Pretty Sister of Jose was a 1915 American silent romantic drama written and directed by Allan Dwan and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Based on Frances Hodgson Burnett's 1889 novel of the same name and the 1903 stage play starring Maude Adams the film starred Marguerite Clark and Jack Pickford. The Pretty Sister of Jose is now presumed lost.
 The Story of Sin (Polish: Dzieje grzechu) is a 1975 Polish drama film directed by Walerian Borowczyk. It was entered into the 1975 Cannes Film Festival.
 Maanyanmaar is a 1992 Malayalam film. Directed by T. S Suresh Babu this film is a fun movie surrounding over two petty thieves who are on a run after released on parole for a week. Mukesh Sreenivasan Jagadeesh Ramyakrishnan Jagathi Sreekumar Rajan P. Dev and Vijayaraghavan appears in leading roles.
 L'anatra all'arancia (internationally released as Duck in Orange Sauce) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce. For this film Monica Vitti was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress and with a Silver Ribbon in the same category.
 Stacy (ステーシー suteishi; also known as Stacy: Attack of the Schoolgirl Zombies) is a Japanese horror comedy film released in 2001. It is based on a novel by Kenji Ohtsuki (大槻 ケンヂ) directed by Naoyuki Tomomatsu in which teenage girls turn into zombies.
 WTC View is an American film released in 2005 based on the 2003 play of the same name by Brian Sloan that traces the search for a roommate in the weeks following 9/11. Eric (Michael Urie) a gay photographer places an ad for a new roommate on September 10 2001 for his apartment with a view of the World Trade Center. He encounters prospective roommates in varying stages of grief including a campaign worker for mayoral candidate Mark J.
 Eastern Condors (Chinese: 東方禿鷹) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Yuen Biao Joyce Godenzi Yuen Wah Lam Ching-ying Yuen Woo-ping Corey Yuen and Billy Chow.It was set in the aftermath of the Vietnam War. Although set in Vietnam the most of the film was shot in the Philippines.
 The Girl of the Golden West is a 1915 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It was originally a 1905 play by David Belasco which he then turned into a novel. It became an opera by Giacomo Puccini (La fanciulla del West) in 1910. Prints of the film survive in the Library of Congress film archive. A later version with additional music by Sigmund Romberg was a 1938 film with Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy.
 Adore (also known as Adoration; previously known as Two Mothers and Perfect Mothers) is a 2013 Australian-French drama film directed by Anne Fontaine. The film is based on a novella by British writer Doris Lessing called The Grandmothers.The original title of the film was Two Mothers and it premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival under this title.
 The White Ship (Russian: Belyy parokhod) is a 1976 Soviet drama film directed by Bolotbek Shamshiyev. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
 In the Line of Duty: The F.B.I. Murders is a 1988 made-for-television crime film starring David Soul.This film is about a real event that occurred April 11 1986. Two former army buddies Mike Platt (played by David Soul) and Bill Matix (Michael Gross) commit a series of murders and bank robberies in Miami Florida; a group of F.B.I. agents led by Benjamin Grogan (Ronny Cox) is designated to carry out the investigation.
 Chief Crazy Horse is a 1955 western film released by Universal Pictures and directed by George Sherman starring Victor Mature. The film is a fictionalized biography of the Lakota Sioux Chief Crazy Horse that unusually for the time portrays the Native American Indians in a more sympathetic light.
 Kanagavel Kaaka is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by Kavin Bala. The film stars Karan Haripriya Kota Srinivasa Rao Sampath Raj and Adithya in lead roles.
 No Way Out is a 1950 black-and-white American film noir directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and starring Richard Widmark Linda Darnell Stephen McNally and Sidney Poitier. No Way Out is the feature film debut of Sidney Poitier who portrays a doctor tending to slum residents whose ethics are tested when confronted with racism personified by Richard Widmark as the hateful robber Ray Biddle.
 Bilo jednom... (Once Upon a Time) is a 2006 rockumentary by Serbian filmmaker Jovan Đerić. The film's premiere in a packed Arena cinema was followed by live sets from punk-rock bands Mitesers and Generacija bez budućnosti. The film is about the punk-rock scene of Serbia's second city Novi Sad in the first half of the 1990s.
 Pride of the Range is a 1910 American short Western film directed by Francis Boggs. It features Hoot Gibson in his first on-screen role.
 Week-End at the Waldorf is a 1945 American comedy drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The screenplay by Samuel and Bella Spewack is based on Guy Bolton's adaptation of the Vicki Baum novel Grand Hotel which had been filmed as Grand Hotel in 1932.
 Crazed Fruit (狂った果実 Kurutta kajitsu) also known as Juvenile Jungle is a 1956 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Kō Nakahira. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Shintaro Ishihara the older brother of Yujiro Ishihara.
 Chief Saab is a Lollywood film of 1998 which stars Javed Sheikh Saleem Sheikh Meera etc. in the lead roles. It was a hit film of 1998.
 Convincing Clooney is a 2011 comedy film directed by Alexander Cartio. It was written by Cartio's longtime collaborator actor and screenwriter Sulo Williams and produced and directed by Cartio. It was filmed in the studios of AtlantisPic Pictures / Synkronized. It was released on November 8 2011 on DVD.
 Adrift in Manhattan is a 2007 film directed by Alfredo De Villa and written by Nat Moss and Alfredo De Villa. The film features an ensemble cast including Heather Graham Victor Rasuk Dominic Chianese Elizabeth Peña and William Baldwin.The film was nominated for Best Narrative Feature at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival Feature Competition.
 King of the Sierras is a 1938 American western directed by Samuel Diege and Arthur Rosson and distributed by Grand National Pictures.The film is also known as Black Stallion (alternative American title) and Killers of the Prairie in the United Kingdom.
 Lights and Shadows is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be a lost film.
 The Story of Asya Klyachina (1966) (Russian: История Аси Клячиной которая любила да не вышла замуж Istoriya Asi Klyachinoy kotoraya lyubila da ne vyshla zamuzh also known as Asya's Happiness and Asya Klyachina's Story) is a Soviet movie.The artistic director was Mikhail Romadin.Director Andrei Konchalovsky won the Nika Award for best director for this black-and-white movie.
 Cha Cha is a 1979 Dutch film directed by Herbert Curiel. It stars Herman Brood and contains appearances from New Wave musicians Lene Lovich and Nina Hagen.
 Under the Red Robe is a 1937 British / American film directed by Victor Sjöström. Previously filmed as a 1923 silent directed by Alan Crosland. Before the films a play had been produced on Broadway in 1896-97 starring Viola Allen and William Faversham.
 I Was a Zombie for the F.B.I. is a 1982 science fiction black-and-white film. It was directed by Marius Penczner and filmed by students from Memphis State University now known as the University of Memphis.
 Rangamati ((Bengali: রাঙামাটি(2008) is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Kanoj Das the movie featured Amitabh Bhattacharjee Sreela Majumdar Soumitra Chatterjee Pratim Chattopadhyay and Kunal Mitra.
 Pages of Life is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by Adelqui Migliar and starring Evelyn Brent. The film is considered to be lost.
 Pistol Opera (ピストルオペラ Pisutoru Opera) is a 2001 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and starring Makiko Esumi.
 916 is a 2012 Malayalam drama film written and directed by M. Mohanan starring Mukesh Anoop Menon Malavika Menon Asif Ali and Meera Vasudev. The film is about maintaining the sanctity of familial relationships.
 Pets or Meat: The Return to Flint is a 1992 American short PBS documentary film directed by Michael Moore featuring the director returning to his hometown of Flint Michigan to catch-up with some of the characters featured in his previous film Roger & Me (1989). The film's title refers to Rhonda Britton a Flint resident featured in both films who sells rabbits as either pets or meat.
 The Fatal Encounter (Hangul: 역린; RR: Yeokrin; lit. The King's Wrath) is a 2014 South Korean film based on a real-life assassination attempt on King Jeongjo.
 Los Cuervos están de luto (English: The crows are in mourning) is a 1965 Mexican comedy film directed by Francisco del Villar and starring Silvia Pinal and Lilia Prado. The film is based on the play of the same name by Mexican author Hugo Arguelles.This film was shot at Estudios Churubusco.
 Mere Sanam (English: My Lover Hindi: मेरे सनम) was a Hindi film released in 1965 starring Asha Parekh Biswajeet Pran Rajendra Nath and Mumtaz. The film was a hit at the box office especially because of the musical score by Majrooh Sultanpuri O.P.
 La Bataille de San Sebastian (English title: Guns for San Sebastian) is an 1968 French/Italian/Mexican international co-production action-adventure movie based on the 1962 novel A Wall for San Sebastian written by Rev. Fr. William Barnaby Barby Faherty S.J. The film is directed by Frenchman Henri Verneuil it stars Anthony Quinn and Charles Bronson.
 Uncertain Glory is a 1944 film starring Errol Flynn and Paul Lukas and directed by Raoul Walsh.
 Critters 3 is the third installment of the Critters series directed by Kristine Peterson and is also Leonardo DiCaprio's film debut. Actor Cary Elwes mentioned on the commentary for the uncut edition DVD of Saw that he passed on the role of Josh. It was shot back-to-back with its sequel Critters 4. Unlike the first two films it does not take place in the town of Grover's Bend.
 Badal Paree (Nepali: बादल परी English: Beyond the Clouds) is a 2001 Nepali film directed by Ugyen Chhopel.
 Murder Among Friends is a 1985 American film. It stars Leslie Nielsen.
 Seven Keys to Baldpate is a 1930 sound film produced and distributed through RKO Pictures. It was the first sound film of the Earl Derr Biggers novel/ George M. Cohan play Seven Keys to Baldpate. While the film had a premiere on Christmas Day 1929 its official release was not until the following month.
 All Inclusive (Spanish: Todo incluido) is a 2008 Chilean-Mexican movie. The focus is a Chilean family staying at a Mexican resort. During their time at the resort they each have experiences affecting their lives and their problems become apparent.
 Chanakyan (Malayalam: ചാണക്യൻ) is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by T K Rajeev Kumar and starring Kamal Haasan Jayaram and Urmila Matondkar.
 Oliver's Story the sequel to Love Story is a 1978 film based on an Erich Segal novel published a year earlier. It was directed by John Korty and again starred Ryan O'Neal this time opposite Candice Bergen. The original music score was composed by Lee Holdridge and Francis Lai.This film's tagline is: It takes someone very special to help you forget someone very special.
 Shaitani Ilaaka (Devil's Domain) is a 1990 Hindi horror film presented by the Ramsay brothers.
 The Rhythm Devils Concert Experience is a 2008 two-disc DVD concert and documentary of the Rhythm Devils 2006 tour featuring members of the Grateful Dead Phish The Other Ones and Deep Banana Blackout. The name Rhythm Devils was originally a nickname for Dead drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann.
 Heart of Stone (German: Das kalte Herz) is an East German fantasy film directed by Paul Verhoeven. The first East German film made in Agfacolor it was released in 1950.
 Gunda is a cult Indian movie released in 1998. Directed by Kanti Shah it stars Mithun Chakraborty Mukesh Rishi and Shakti Kapoor. It was produced by Anil Shah written by Bashir Babbar and the musical score was provided by Anand Raj Anand. Since its release it has attained a cult following among pan-Indian audiences due to its absurd storyline farcical dialogues low production values poor acting and so bad that it's good qualities.
 A Wedding Suit (Persian: لباسی برای عروسی‎ Lebāsī Barā-ye Arūsī) is a 1976 Iranian comedy film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 Englen i sort is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Emil Hass Christensen.
 The Aggressives (태풍태양 Tae-pung tae-yang) is a 2005 South Korean film about a teen Soyo whose parents have abandoned him to fend for himself. He becomes immersed in the local inline skating subculture and falls in love with the girlfriend of his skating tutor. The film was screened at the 2005 Pusan International Film Festival.
 300: Rise of an Empire is a 2014 American fantasy war film directed by Noam Murro. It is a follow-up to the 2007 film 300 taking place before during and after the events of that and based on the Battle of Salamis. It is based on the as-yet-unreleased Frank Miller graphic novel Xerxes.
 Liar Game: The Final Stage (ライアーゲーム　ザ・ファイナルステージ Raiā Gēmu: Za Fainaru Sutēji) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Hiroaki Matsuyama. The film is a continuation of the popular Fuji Television drama series Liar Game.It was released in Japan on March 6 2010 and was subsequently released in Singapore (August 12 2010) and Hong Kong (October 7 2010). Furthermore it has been confirmed that the film will be shown in Macau Malaysia Indonesia and Brunei.
 Sweet Country is a 1987 American drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis.It is based on the 1979 novel with the same name by Caroline Richards and it is set in Chile during the military takeover of 1973.
 Evil Toons is a 1992 live-action/animated Comedy-Horror B-movie written and directed by Fred Olen Ray. The film is a light spoof of traditional haunted-house films.
 Virgin Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors (Oh! Soo-jung) is a 2000 South Korean comedy-drama film directed by Hong Sang-soo. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.It follows the romantic travails of a video producer and a gallery owner and the web of deceit they spin around their relationship.
 The Pompatus of Love is a 1996 film that tells the story of four guys discussing women and the meaning of the word pompatus. This made-up word is found in two Steve Miller songs Enter Maurice and The Joker the latter of which contains the line Some people call me Maurice / 'cause I speak of the pompatus of love.
 Pascual Duarte is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Ricardo Franco. It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival where José Luis Gómez won the award for Best Actor. It is based on the novel The Family of Pascual Duarte by author Camilo José Cela.
 Velai (Tamil: வேலை ; English: Work) is a 1998 Indian Tamil film directed by J. Suresh and written by Balakumaran starring Vignesh Indraja Nassar in lead roles. The film produced by J. Vasudevan had musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 26 February 1998.
 Beginners is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Mills.
 Journey to the Outer Limits is a 1973 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 A Ticket in Tatts is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale.
 A Child's Cry for Help is a 1994 television film starring Pam Dawber and Veronica Hamel with a supporting role by a young Tobey Maguire.
 The First Snow of Winter is an animated television film produced by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment and Link Entertainment and first aired on the BBC on 25 December 1998.
 Filming Othello is a 1978 documentary film directed by and starring Orson Welles about the making of his award-winning 1952 production Othello. The film which was produced for West German television was the last completed feature film directed by Welles.
 Khasi Katha– A Goat Saga is an upcoming Bengali film. The film is directed by Judhajit Sarkar and produced by Star Fine Movies. The film is scheduled to be release in March 2013. The film shows a talkative goat about to be slaughtered telling a story of a woman boxer of Kolkata to the butcher.Naseeruddin Shah plays the character of butcher and Anindita Bose plays the character of woman boxer.
 Married in Name Only is a 1917 silent film written by Ivan Abramson and directed by Edmund Lawrence starring Gretchen Hartman Milton Sills and Marie Shotwell.
 Game is a 2002 Indian Tamil drama film directed by John Amritraj. The film features Karthik and Radha in lead roles with Rajashree in a pivotal role. The film produced by Srimasani Amman Pictures had musical score by S. P. Venkatesh and was released after several delays in November 2002 to negative reviews.
 Watch Your Stern is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Kenneth Connor Eric Barker and Leslie Phillips.Watch Your Stern shares its cast and production team with the Carry On films but the film is not an official member of the Carry On series.
 Ilsa the Wicked Warden (also known as Greta the Mad Butcher Ilsa: Absolute Power and Wanda the Wicked Warden) is a 1977 sexploitation film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Dyanne Thorne. The film is considered to be the third entry in the Ilsa film series but was not originally filmed with the intent of being as such despite starring Dyanne Thorne.
 The Duchess of Buffalo is a 1926 silent film romantic-comedy produced by and starring Constance Talmadge and released through First National Pictures. It is based on a 1916 Broadway stage musical Sybil which is this film's alternate title.
 The Ugly Swans (Russian: Гадкие лебеди) is a 2006 Russian science fiction film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky based on the novel of the same name by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky. The film is often compared to Andrei Tarkovsky's Stalker also adapted from a Strugatsky book.
 Antônia is a 2006 Brazilian drama musical film which tells the story of Antônia an Afro-Brazilian hip-hop girl group formed by four young women living on a favela of São Paulo. On their way to the mainstream success they have to face with the violence near their homes and the sexism of the musical business.
 The Mothering Heart is a 1913 short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 The Magnificent Yankee is a 1950 American biographical film adapted by Emmet Lavery from his play of the same title which was in turn adapted from the book Mr. Justice Holmes by Francis Biddle. The story examines the life of United States Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes. The film was directed by John Sturges with stars Louis Calhern Ann Harding Eduard Franz and Philip Ober.
 Trieste mia! alternately titled Trieste del mio cuore is a 1951 Italian film directed by Mario Costa.
 El Gran campeón (The Grand Champion) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Notting Hill is a 1999 British romantic comedy film set in Notting Hill London released on 21 May 1999. The screenplay was by Richard Curtis who had written Four Weddings and a Funeral. It was produced by Duncan Kenworthy and directed by Roger Michell. The film stars Hugh Grant Julia Roberts Rhys Ifans Emma Chambers Tim McInnerny Gina McKee and Hugh Bonneville.The film was well received by critics and became the highest grossing British film released that year.
 Mamma Mia! (promoted as Mamma Mia! The Movie) is a 2008 British musical/romantic comedy film adapted from the 1999 West End/2001 Broadway musical of the same name based on the songs of successful pop group ABBA with additional music composed by ABBA member Benny Andersson. The film was directed by Phyllida Lloyd and distributed by Universal Pictures in partnership with Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson's Playtone and Littlestar and the title originates from ABBA's 1975 chart-topper Mamma Mia.
 Body Rock is a 1984 film directed by Marcelo Epstein about a young man from the streets with a talent for break-dancing. It stars Lorenzo Lamas in the lead role of 'Chilly'. The film featured music by Laura Branigan. The theme was sung by Maria Vidal which peaked at #48 on the Hot 100 #8 on the US dance charts and #11 in the UK.Lamas was nominated for Worst Actor at the Golden Raspberry Awards for his performance.
 Hoy le toca a mi mujer is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Appointment for Murder (Italian: Amo un assassino) is a 1951 Italian crime film drama directed by Baccio Bandini.
 Coast of Skeletons is a 1965 British-South African adventure film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Richard Todd and Dale Robertson. It is a sequel to the 1963 film Death Drums Along the River and just as that film it uses the characters from Edgar Wallace's 1911 novel Sanders of the River and Zoltán Korda's 1935 film based on the novel but placed in a totally different story.
 Dawn! is a 1979 Australian sports biopic about the three-time Olympic gold medallist swimmer Dawn Fraser starring Bronwyn Mackay-Payne written by Joy Cavill and directed by Ken Hannam. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Big Trouble in Little China (also known as John Carpenter's Big Trouble in Little China) is a 1986 American fantasy martial arts comedy film directed by John Carpenter. It stars Kurt Russell as truck driver Jack Burton who helps his friend Wang Chi (Dennis Dun) rescue Wang's green-eyed fiancee (Suzee Pai) from bandits in San Francisco's Chinatown.
 Neuilly sa mère ! is a 2009 French comedy film directed by Gabriel Julien-Laferrière. It stars Samy Seghir as a beur teenager who moves from the housing projects to the upscale neighborhood of Neuilly-sur-Seine. Because of its use of social inequality as a comedic device it has been compared to the 1988 French comedy Life is a Long Quiet River (La vie est un long fleuve tranquille).A word-for-word translation of the film's title is Neuilly her mother!.
 Jai Bajrang Bali is a 1976 Bollywood Hindu mythological film directed by Chandrakant with Dara Singh playing the title lead role of Hanuman.
 Nater Guru (Bengali: নাটের গুরু) is a Bengali movie released in 2003. Directed by Haranath Chakraborty it featured Jeet Koel Mallick Ranjit Mallick. The film was Koel Mallick's cinematic debut. It was successful at the box office.
 Possessed is a Pre-Code 1931 drama film directed by Clarence Brown starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is the story of Marian Martin a factory worker who rises to the top as the mistress of a wealthy attorney. The screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee was adapted from the 1920 Broadway play The Mirage by Edgar Selwyn. Possessed was the third of eight movie collaborations between Crawford and Gable.
 Vaasthavam (English: The Reality) is a 2006 Malayalam film written by Babu Janardhanan and directed by M. Padmakumar. The film revolves around a youth Balachandran Adiga (Prithviraj) who rises to political power.The story is loosely based on Thakazhi's novel 'Enippadikal'.Prithviraj won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for his performance.
 The Saint in New York is an American 1938 crime film directed by Ben Holmes and adapted from Leslie Charteris's novel of the same name by Charles Kaufman and Mortimer Offner. Released by RKO Pictures The Saint in New York marks the first screen appearance of Simon Templar - The Saint. Louis Hayward stars as the titular character with Kay Sutton as his love interest. Hayward would not play The Saint again until 1953 after being replaced by George Sanders.
 The Bracelet of Bordeaux is a 2009 family mystery film written produced and edited by Frank Eakin and directed by Casey Kelly. This film was the first to be made entirely in The Woodlands Texas and was released on May 18 2009 by Monterey Media in select U.S. theaters.
 Sukhmani – Hope for Life - is a Punjabi film Starring Gurdas Maan Juhi Chawla Divya Dutta and Bhagwant Mann. The film directed by Manjeet Maan wife of Gurdas Maan and produced by Gurdas Maan and their son Gurikk Maan. The film has been made by the Maan's own production company - Sai Lok Sangeet with screenplay by Irshad Kamil music by Jaidev Kumar and lyrics written by Gurdas Maan.
 Slime City is a 1988 cult comedy-horror film directed by Greg Lamberson and stars Robert Sabin Mary Huner and Bunny Levine.
 Sex & Philosophy (Original title: Sex O Phalsapheh) is a 2005 French-Iranian-Tajik film directed written and produced by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. Starring Daler Nazarov Mariam Gaibova and Farzona Beknazarova the film is set in Tajikistan. Sex & Philosophy premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival in September 2005. It saw a theatrical release in South Korea Turkey Italy Singapore and Russia.
 Obama Anak Menteng (also known as Little Obama) is a 2010 biopic drama film written and directed by Indonesian author Damien Dematra in collaboration with John de Rantau. The film is based on Dematra's novel by the same name. Both the book and the film are a fictionalized account of the childhood of Barack Obama the 44th President of the United States who lived in Indonesia from 1967 to 1971.
 So Runs the Way is a 1913 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne.
 Smile for the Camera is a short 2005 independent film. It was directed produced and edited by Jordan Galland who co-wrote the story and screenplay with Sean Lennon. Galland and Lennon also wrote the theme song which was performed by Galland's Domino band mate Domino Kirke and her sister Jemima Kirke. Although the film's cast with the exception of Erika Thormahlen had no previous acting experience Milla Jovovich and Sean Lennon make cameo appearances as Boxheads.
 Réquiem para Laura Martin is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Luiz Rangel and Paulo Duarte starring Anselmo Vasconcelos Claudia Alencar and Ana Paula Serpa.The film premiered at the 39th edition of the Gramado Film Festival winning the awards for best direction and best actress for Claudia Alencar at the Festcine Petrópolis.
 La Femme invisible is a 2008 film.
 Portrait from Life is a 1948 British drama film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Mai Zetterling and Robert Beatty.
 Good to Go (also known as Short Fuse) is a 1986 film directed by Blaine Novak starring Art Garfunkel as a Washington D.C. journalist who struggles to clear his name after being framed for rape and murder.
 Cheer Squad Sleepover is an American pornographic film series from Girlfriends Films. The first film in the series Cheer Squad Sleepover 01 was released in 2012. All films in the series are written and directed by Girlfriends Films co-founder Dan O'Connell.
 The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore is a 2011 American animated short film directed by William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg and produced by Moonbot Studios in Shreveport Louisiana. Described as an allegory about the curative powers of story the film centers around bibliophile Lessmore and his custodianship of a magical library of flying books.
 Kamikaze Taxi is a 1995 Japanese action and crime film by director Masato Harada. The film is about Tatsuo (Kazuya Takahashi) a gangster and pimp who sends out his only prostitute (Reiko Kataoka) to service a politician. When she returns beaten Tatsuo's girlfriend complains but is killed by crime boss Animaru (Mickey Curtis). Tatsuo seeks revenge as he and his gang vandalize the politician's house and steal money. In retaliation Tatsuo's bosses put a hit out on them.
 To Shoot an Elephant is a 2009 documentary film about the 2008-2009 Gaza War directed by Alberto Arce and Mohammad Rujailahk.
 You've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You'll Lose That Beat is a 1971 comedy-drama film directed by Peter Locke. It involves a young hippie and his search for the meaning of life while in Central Park. Its soundtrack is notable as being some of the earliest released music by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker the duo who later formed the core of the group Steely Dan.
 Body (Thai: บอดี้..ศพ #19 or Body ... Sop 19 literally corpse number 19) is a Thai horror-thriller film. It is produced by GTH the same production company that made the hit Thai horror film Shutter.
 The Treaty is a 1991 Irish historical television film directed by Jonathan Lewis.The film is about the Anglo-Irish Treaty that Michael Collins bargained for with the British government in 1921. It is factually accurate and it shows how negotiations actually worked.
 Vengeance Is Mine (Japanese title: 復讐するは我にあり fukushū suru wa ware ni ari) is a 1979 film directed by Shohei Imamura based on the book of the same name by Ryuzo Saki. It depicts the true story of serial killer Akira Nishiguchi (Iwao Enokizu in the film).It stars Ken Ogata as Enokizu with Mayumi Ogawa Rentarō Mikuni Mitsuko Baisho Nijiko Kiyokawa and Chocho Miyako.
 Karm is a 1977 Hindi movie produced and directed by B. R. Chopra. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Vidya Sinha and Shabana Azmi. The music is by R. D. Burman.The film was successful at box office.
 Almost Brothers (Portuguese: Quase Dois Irmãos) is a 2004 Brazilian film. It was directed by Lúcia Murat and written by Murat and Paulo Lins. Switching back and forth in time between the 1970s and the 2000s the film follows the friendship between a middle-class left-wing political activist and a criminal from Rio de Janeiro's favelas.
 Britannia of Billingsgate is a 1933 British musical comedy film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Violet Loraine Gordon Harker Kay Hammond and John Mills. A family who work in the fish trade at Billingsgate Market encounter a film crew who are shooting there. It was based on the play Britannia of Billingsgate by Christine Jope-Slade and Sewell Stokes.
 Antardwand (Hindi: अंतरद्वन्द; English translation: Inner conflict) is a 2010 Indian film co-written produced and directed by Sushil Rajpal. The film stars Raj Singh Chaudhary and Swati Sen in the leading roles while Vinay Pathak and Akhilendra Mishra play supporting roles. Made on a budget of 15 million (US$250000) the film is based on the cases of groom kidnapping reported in Bihar in India. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Social Issues at the 2009 National Awards.
 The Great McGonagall is a 1974 British comedy film directed by Joseph McGrath and starring Spike Milligan Peter Sellers and Julia Foster. It is a humorous biopic of the Scottish poet William McGonagall.
 The Green Elephant (Russian: Зеленый Слоник also known as Green Elephant Calf) is a 1999 Russian art-house and slasher gore film directed by Svetlana Baskova. The movie received a limited theatrical release in Russia as the film's violent imagery and graphic language made it unable to be distributed through the mainstream film circuit.
 There Goes the Bride is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Jessie Matthews Owen Nares Carol Goodner Basil Radford and Roland Culver. A woman breaks off her an engagement and escapes to Paris The film was released on Region 2 DVD in 2009.
 Coming Out Alive is a 1980 Canadian television thriller film starring Helen Shaver Scott Hylands and Michael Ironside while being directed by Don McBrearty.
 Strike (Russian: Стачка translit. Stachka) is a 1925 silent film made in the Soviet Union by Sergei Eisenstein. It was Eisenstein's first full-length feature film and he would go on to make The Battleship Potemkin later that year. It was acted by the Proletcult Theatre and composed of six parts. It was in turn intended to be one part of a seven-part series entitled Towards Dictatorship (of the proletariat) that was left unfinished.
 200 Pounds Beauty (Hangul: 미녀는 괴로워; RR: Minyeoneun Goerowo; lit. Hard to be a beauty) is a 2006 South Korean comedy film based on a Japanese manga Kanna-san Daiseikou Desu (カンナさん大成功です!) by Yumiko Suzuki. The story is about an overweight girl who undergoes extreme plastic surgeries to become a pop sensation. The film was a financial success earning approximately $45 million against its $4 million budget.
 The Memorial Gate for Virtuous Women (열녀문 - Yeolnyeomun) is a 1962 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards. It was also entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 La devoradora (The Devourer) is a 1946 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 The Wise Guys (French: Les Grandes Gueules) is a 1965 French comedy film directed by Robert Enrico.
 Seetha Kalyanam is a 2009 Malayalam movie by T. K. Rajeev Kumar starring Jayaram Jyothika and Geethu Mohandas.The film was released in 2009 but Jyothika's film career ended in 2007 with the film Manikanda. Seetha Kalyanam was made before Jyothika gave up acting but released in 2009.
 Melody and Romance is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Hughie Green Margaret Lockwood and Jane Carr. Two teenagers with aspirations to become stars fall in love.
 Masters is a 2012 Malayalam action thriller film directed by Johny Antony and starring Prithviraj Mukesh and Sasikumar in the lead roles.
 The Road to Christmas is a 2006 American television film directed by Mark Jean and starring Jennifer Grey Megan Park and Clark Gregg. Written by Judd Parkin the film is about a successful fashion photographer whose planned Christmas wedding in Aspen is interrupted by a snow storm. With no flights or a rental cars available she accepts a ride from a widower school teacher and his thirteen-year-old daughter who open up their home to the woman until the roads clear.
 SuperClásico is 2011 a Danish comedy film set in Argentina and directed by Ole Christian Madsen. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards. On 18 January 2012 the film was named as one of the nine shortlisted entries for the Oscars.
 Sorceress is a 1982 film directed by Jack Hill. It stars Leigh Harris and Lynette Harris.To maintain his powers the evil wizard Traigon must sacrifice his firstborn child to the god Caligara. His wife however has other ideas and runs away after giving birth with her twin daughters. Before dying she hands the girls over to the warrior Krona who promises to raise them as great soldiers. Twenty years later Traigon returns and begins hunting down his daughters once again.
 The Ghost of Slumber Mountain was a 1918 film written and directed by special effects pioneer Willis O'Brien produced by Herbert M. Dawley and starred both men; Dawley played Uncle Jack Holmes while O'Brien played the ghost of Mad Dick the Hermit. Although most of the film itself is lost it is often cited as a trial run for The Lost World.
 Yousuf Khan Sher Bano was the first ever Pashto film released in Pakistan on December 1 1970. It was directed by Aziz Tabassum with debut stars Yasmin Khan and Badar Munir. The story is based on the Pashto folk story Yousuf Khan and Sher Bano.
 The Great Hip Hop Hoax is a documentary film about a Scottish hip-hop duo called Silibil N' Brains who pretended to be Americans to secure a £250000 record deal with Sony. The film premièred at South by Southwest and was later shown at the Edinburgh International Film Festival before a national theatrical release in Scotland and broadcasts on BBC Two Scotland BBC Four and Danish station DR2.
 The Great Glinka (Russian: Глинка) is a 1946 Soviet drama film directed by Lev Arnshtam. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Room 6 is a 2006 horror film starring Christine Taylor Shane Brolly Jerry O'Connell and Ellie Cornell. The film was directed and co-written by Michael Hurst. Mark A. Altman also helped pen the film.[citation needed]
 Into the Badlands is a 1991 American western horror film released directly to TV. It stars Bruce Dern Mariel Hemingway and Helen Hunt.The film was directed by Sam Pillsbury and written by Dick Beebe Marjorie David and Gordon T. Dawson.It was nominated for a 1992 Primetime Emmy in Cinematography for a Miniseries or a Special (Johnny E. Jensen director of Photography).
 The Catcher is a 1998 horror film directed by Guy Crawford and Yvette Hoffman.
 The Scribbler is an upcoming American thriller film directed by John Suits and written by Daniel Schaffer based on his own graphical novel of same name. The film stars Katie Cassidy Garret Dillahunt Eliza Dushku Kunal Nayyar Michelle Trachtenberg and Sasha Grey.
 One Evening After the War (French: Un soir apres la guerre Khmer: រាត្រីមួយក្រោយសង្គ្រាម) is a 1998 Cambodian drama film directed and co-written by Rithy Panh. Panh directed this neo-realist French-Cambodian social drama set amid Southeast Asian poverty and the Cambodian underworld. The film premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Deshojando margaritas is a 1946 Argentine film.
 Aatma Gowravam (Telugu: ఆత్మ గౌరవం) is a 1965 Telugu Drama film produced by Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao which marked the directorial debut of the great Indian film director K. Viswanath. The film is based on the Novel and Story by Yaddanapoodi Sulochana Rani and won the Nandi Award for Best Feature Film in that year.
 When the Night (Original Italian: Quando la notte) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Cristina Comencini and based upon Comencini's novel of the same title.
 Noin seitsemän veljestä (Approximately Seven Brothers) is a 1968 comedy by Spede Pasanen. The film is a loose parody of the Robin Hood story and also stars a take on the inventor Leonardo da Vinci. The film's cast is composed of Pasanen's stock actors.
 The Sagebrush Troubadour is a 1935 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Barbara Pepper and Smiley Burnette. Written by Oliver Drake and Joseph F. Poland the film is about two Texas Rangers traveling undercover as western troubadours in search of the killer of an old half-blind man.
 The Night the Animals Talked is an animated children's Christmas special first shown on ABC television on December 9 1970. It was broadcast only four times on ABC from 1970 through 1973.
 Thacholi Varghese Chekavar is a 1995 Malayalam action film starring Mohanlal and Bollywood actress Urmila Matondkar.
 The Silent House is a 1929 British silent mystery film directed by Walter Forde and starring Mabel Poulton Gibb McLaughlin and Arthur Pusey. It was made at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames. The film was based on a recent stage hit but was not a success at the box office.
 Pas de deux is a 1968 short dance film by Norman McLaren produced by the National Film Board of Canada.The film was photographed on High Contrast stock with optical step-and-repeat printing for a sensuous and almost stroboscopic appearance. It shows a ballerina (Margaret Mercier) dancing by herself (or rather with images of herself) before being joined by a male dancer (Vincent Warren) to perform the pas de deux of the title.The film is choreographed to Romanian pan pipe music.
 A Philippine film by produced by Star Cinema.
 Kondapalli Raja (Telugu: కొండపల్లి రాజా) is a 1993 Tollywood film and remake of Tamil film Annamalai directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty and produced by K V V Satyanarayana. Venkatesh Nagma and Suman played the lead roles.
 As Dreams Are Made On is a short film written and directed by Gabriel Reid.Ian Hughes plays Reuben Mills a talented but impoverished actor feeling much pressure to nest. With his acting company about to tour he finds himself at an emotional crossroads. The time has come to choose his path.Gabriel Reid was inspired to undertake this project after researching an M.A. thesis examining film adaptations of Shakespeare.
 Les Sous-doués en vacances is a 1982 French comedic film directed by Claude Zidi. It's the sequel to Les Sous-doués (1980).[citation needed]
 The Explosive Generation is a 1961 film directed by Buzz Kulik. It stars William Shatner and Patty McCormack.
 Hundhotellet – En mystisk historia is a Swedish animated detective mystery/surreal film from 2000 directed by Per Åhlin who also wrote the script together with Hans Åke Gabrielsson. The film is traditionally animated by hand the last film in Sweden to be produced in that style.
 Sole Survivor is a 1983 horror film written and directed by Thom Eberhardt. The film is loosely based on James Herbert's book The Survivor.
 Came a Hot Friday is a 1985 New Zealand made comedy film starring some of New Zealand's best-known actors and comedians based on the 1964 novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson.
 The Sainted Sisters is a 1948 comedy film starring Veronica Lake and co-starring Joan Caulfield Barry Fitzgerald George Reeves William Demarest and Beulah Bondi. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is notable for being the last film Veronica Lake made under her contract with the studio.
 Never Say Die is a 1939 romantic comedy film starring Martha Raye and Bob Hope. Based on a play of the same title by William H. Post and William Collier Sr. which ran on Broadway for 151 performances in 1912 the film was directed by Elliot Nugent and written for the screen by Dan Hartman Frank Butler and Preston Sturges.
 City in View (German:Stadt in Sicht) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Harry Nestor Edith Posca and Friedrich Traeger. It premiered in Berlin on 8 February 1923.
 Their Ups and Downs is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode II is a 2008 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken and the sequel to the Annie Award winning Robot Chicken Star Wars which aired as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block on November 16 2008. Like Robot Chicken: Star Wars it has been released on its own DVD on July 21 2009 and will not be part of a season box set.
 Camp X-Ray is an American drama film based on the temporary detention facility Camp X-Ray at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. The film is directed and written by Peter Sattler. It stars Kristen Stewart and Peyman Moaadi with John Carroll Lynch Lane Garrison and Joseph Julian Soria in supporting roles. The film premiered on January 17 2014 at 2014 Sundance Film Festival in the U.S. dramatic competition category.
 Singh Sahab the Great sometimes called SSTG is a Hindi action drama film directed by Anil Sharma. The film features Sunny Deol Urvashi Rautela and Prakash Raj as main characters. The film was released on 22 November 2013.
 Naan Avanillai is a 1974 Tamil language film starring Gemini Ganesan in the lead role of the protagonist. It was directed by K.Balachander. It is a remake of 1962 Marathi language play To Mee Navhech (English: I Am Not Him) written by Pralhad K. Atre and being acted by Prabhakar Panashikar. The film has been also made into a Hindi film Woh Main Nahin. The Hindi film was released in 1974 starring Navin Nischol in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Vellinakshatram is a 2004 Malayalam ghost horror film by Vinayan starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Meenakshi Jagathy Sreekumar Karthika Mathew Thilakan Jagadeesh Salim Kumar& Siddique in lead roles.
 Gubra is a 2006 Malaysian film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It was shot in 14 days in Ipoh Malaysia. It is the sequel to Sepet and was followed by Mukhsin.
 Real Playing Game (also known as RPG) is a 2013 science fiction directed by Tino Navarro and David Rebordão produced and co-written by Navarro. The film stars Rutger Hauer Soraia Chaves and Pedro Granger.
 Shin Gekijō-ban Initial D (新劇場版「頭文字D」) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese anime film based on the manga series Initial D.The movie is planned to be split into three parts with the first part Legend 1 - Awakening to be released on August 23.
 Walk Like a Man is a 1987 comedy film about a young man who finally returns to his high-society family after having been raised by wolves. The film is the last one to be directed by Melvin Frank. It stars Howie Mandel Christopher Lloyd and Cloris Leachman. It is released to theaters on April 17 1987.
 Yes Your Honour is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by V. M. Vinu. The film features Sreenivasan Padmapriya and Innocent in the lead roles. The film was a critical and commercial success of 2006.
 Thunderbolt and Lightfoot is a 1974 American crime film written and directed by Michael Cimino and starring Clint Eastwood Jeff Bridges George Kennedy and Geoffrey Lewis.
 Vertigo is a 1958 psychological thriller film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock. The story was based on the 1954 novel D'entre les morts by Boileau-Narcejac. The screenplay was written by Alec Coppel and Samuel A. Taylor.The film stars James Stewart as former police detective John Scottie Ferguson.
 Two-Time Mama is a 1927 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Mr. Jhatpat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Douchebags and Donuts is a stand up DVD hosted by comedian Denis Leary released by Comedy Central. The DVD was released by Comedy Central on January 18 2011 containing special features deleted scenes and all completely uncensored and uncut.
 Stand Against Fear is a TV movie which aired on NBC in 1996 starring Sarah Chalke as a cheerleader who takes action when she faces sexual intimidation from football players at her school. The film was based on a real-life incident which occurred at Santa Clara High School in California.
 Direct Action is a 2004 action film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Not to be confused with the other Fever Pitch films; the 1997 soccer-themed film with Colin Firth or the 2005 baseball-themed remake starring Drew Barrymore.Fever Pitch is a 1985 American film starring Ryan O'Neal and written and directed by Richard Brooks. This turned out to be the final film for Brooks director of such acclaimed pictures as Blackboard Jungle Elmer Gantry Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and In Cold Blood.
 Anarchism in America is a 1983 documentary directed by Steven Fischler and Joel Sucher and produced by Pacific Street Films. It has been re-released by AK Press to DVD. The film begins by explaining the filmmakers' interest in anarchism based on their involvement in the group Transcendental Students while in film school at NYU. The film includes interviews with influential anarchists Murray Bookchin Paul Avrich Jello Biafra Mollie Steimer and Karl Hess and with poet Kenneth Rexroth.
 Another Fine Mess is a 1930 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy. It is based on the 1908 play Home From The Honeymoon by Arthur J. Jefferson Stan Laurel's father and is a talkie remake of the 1927 silent Laurel and Hardy film Duck Soup.
 All Jokes Aside is a documentary about black comedians in Hollywood.
 Drishti is a 1990 Hindi film directed by Govind Nihalani and stars Dimple Kapadia Shekhar Kapur and Irrfan Khan. The film is one of the rare film to have music direction by noted classical singer Kishori Amonkar.It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi for 1990.
 Jeeva is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Suseenthiran featuring Vishnu Sri Divya and Surabhi in the lead cast.
 The Oil the Baby and the Transylvanians (Romanian: Pruncul petrolul şi ardelenii 1981) is a Romanian Red Western directed by Dan Pița.It dramatises the struggles of Romanian and Hungarian settlers in a new land the American frontier. Despite the American setting including such minor details as use of the phrase Bad-lands it was entirely shot in Romania.
 Si Adelita se fuera con otro (If Adelita is Out With Another) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta and produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 The Kill-Off is a 1990 neo-noir written and directed by Maggie Greenwald based on a 1957 novel of the same name by Jim Thompson. It was an independent film produced by Lydia Dean Pilcher and shot by Declan Quinn.
 Die unvollkommene Ehe is a 1959 Austrian comedy film directed by Robert A. Stemmle. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Homicide is a crime-drama film written and directed by David Mamet and released in 1991. The film's cast includes Joe Mantegna William H. Macy and Ving Rhames. It was entered in the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Slow Days (Croatian: Ajde dan... prođi...) is a black and white Croatian indie film. Set in the Croatian capital Zagreb and its satellite town Velika Gorica it follows the lives of over twenty individuals.
 The Grim Game is a 1919 silent film starring Harry Houdini and Ann Forrest. The basic plotline serves as a showcase for Houdini's talent as an escapologist stunt performer and aviator. A five-minute fragment survives in the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House.
 Chatrapathi (Kannada: ಛತ್ರಪತಿ) is a 2013 Kannada romantic action film directed and produced by Dinesh Gandhi. It stars Dr. Siddhanth Priyadarshini and Bhanupriya in the main lead. The film is a remake of Telugu hit Chatrapathi which starred Prabhas and Shriya Saran. M. M. Keeravani the composer of the original version recreates his compositions in Kannada version. Dasari Seenu is the cinematographer
 Enchantment (1921) is a silent film romantic comedy produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by Robert G. Vignola and starred Marion Davies. A print of the film exists in the Library of Congress.
 Mr. Horn is a 1979 made for TV movie chronicling the life of Tom Horn. It was directed by Jack Starrett from a screenplay by William Goldman.This version came out just prior to the 1980 feature film Tom Horn which starred Steve McQueen.
 Jack Armstrong (1947) is a Columbia film serial.
 And the Violins Stopped Playing (Polish: ''I Skrzypce Przestaly Grac'') is a 1988 Polish/American historical drama film written produced and directed by Alexander Ramati and based upon his bio-novel about an actual group of Romani people who were forced to flee from the persecutions performed by the Nazi regime at the height of the Porajmos (Romani holocaust) during World War II.
 Runaway Slave is an American independent political documentary hosted by Baptist minister C.L. Bryant. The film premiered in Los Angeles on January 13 2012. The film expresses Rev. Bryant's belief that the African-American community has traded one form of tyranny for another by buying into the entitlement mindset of Progressives.The film directed by Pritchett Cotten is backed by the FreedomWorks Foundation.
 Time Chasers (aka Tangents) is a 1994 science fiction film directed by David Giancola and starring Matthew Bruch George Woodard and Bonnie Pritchard. The film follows the adventures of an amateur inventor who goes through time with his female accomplice to stop an evil megacorporation intent on changing history for profit. The film was lampooned on Mystery Science Theater 3000 in 1997.
 Dallas Doll is an Australian film starring Sandra Bernhard David Ngoombujarra Roy Billing Victoria Longley Frank Gallacher Jake Blundell Rose Byrne and written and directed by Ann Turner.
 10 Promises To My Dog (犬と私の１０の約束  Inu to Watashi no 10 no Yakusoku) is a 2008 Japanese film. The film was directed by Katsuhide Motoki and stars Rena Tanaka Mayuko Fukuda and Etsushi Toyokawa. Rena Tanaka and Mayuko Fukuda play the adult and the young version of Akari Saito respectively while actor Etsushi Toyokawa stars as Akari's father.Based on a novel by Hare Kawaguchi this film tells the story of Akari Saito and her dog named Socks.
 Grazie... nonna also released with the international title Lover Boy is a 1975 Italian coming-of-age film directed by Marino Girolami. This commedia sexy all'italiana followed by director's La moglie vergine released the same year featured Edwige Fenech with former RAI child actor and future Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari leader Valerio Fioravanti.
 Loser Lover is a 1999 film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée
 I Am Pierre Riviere (French: Je suis Pierre Rivière) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Christine Lipinska.
 The Spanish Jade is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by John S. Robertson. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. The film is now considered a lost film.
 The Child's Eye (Chinese: 童眼) is a 2010 Hong Kong horror film by the Pang brothers. The film takes place in 2008 in Bangkok where six find themselves at the Chung Tai Hotel. After Rainie (Rainie Yang) sees a female ghost and Ling (Elanne Kwong) finds a disembodied hand they find that while at dinner the three men they came with have disappeared.
 A Child's Wish is a made-for-television movie based on actual events. John Ritter stars as a father of an ill 16 year old daughter played by Anna Chlumsky.
 The Visitor is a 2007 American immigration film written and directed by Thomas McCarthy and produced by Michael London and Mary Jane Skalski. Executive producers were Jeff Skoll and Omar Amanat.
 Kill Switch is a direct-to-video 2008 film that was later released for theatrical distribution starring Steven Seagal and directed by Jeff F. King. Steven Seagal plays Detective Jacob King a tough cop with a reputation for violent street-justice methods. King investigates murders in Memphis Tennessee perpetrated by a serial killer known as Lazerus. The film is also notable for featuring one of the last roles of Isaac Hayes.
 The Woman Next Door (French: La Femme d'à côté) is a 1981 French film directed by François Truffaut. The film was the 39th highest grossing film of the year with a total of 1087600 admissions in France.
 Killer Wave is a 2007 joint American-Canadian action-thriller TV mini-series directed by Canadian filmmaker Bruce McDonald and written by Tedi Sarafian George Malko William Gray.
 El Valle de las espadas (AKA: The Castilian) is a 1963 film about Fernán González of Castile the first independent Count of Castile who lived and reigned in the early 10th century and is considered an important figure in the Spanish Reconquista.This film was directed by Javier Setó. Filmed in Spain; exteriors filmed in Burgos and Peñafiel (Valladolid).
 Mountain Strawberries 2 (산딸기 2 - Sanddalgi 2) also known as Wild Strawberries 2 is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong. It was the second entry in the Mountain Strawberries series.
 Amy George is a 2011 Canadian microbudget film written produced and directed by Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas. It stars Gabriel del Castillo Mullally as the adolescent Jesse and Claudia Dey and Don Kerr as his parents. The film tells the story of the 13 year old Jesse who wants to be an artist but believes that his mundane middle class life has left him unprepared.
 Il marito (literally The Husband) is a 1957 Italian-Spanish comedy film directed by Nanni Loy and Gianni Puccini at their second and last collaboration after Parola di ladro. Alberto Sordi who was author of the story together with Rodolfo Sonego submitted the script to Angelo Rizzoli that was not at all enthusiastic about the subject.
 Emak-Bakia (Basque for Leave me alone) is a 1926 film directed by Man Ray. Subtitled as a cinépoéme it features many filming techniques used by Man Ray including Rayographs Double exposure soft focus and ambiguous features.
 White Irish Drinkers is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by John Gray. It stars Nick Thurston and Geoffrey Wigdor.
 Five Children and It is a 2003 film adaption of the book of the same name directed by John Stephenson starring Freddie Highmore with Zoë Wanamaker Kenneth Branagh and Eddie Izzard as the voice of the Psammead. The Puppet for Psammead was created by Jim Henson's Creature Shop.
 Las Truchas (Trouts) is a 1978 Spanish film directed by José Luis García Sánchez. It satirizes middle class society under the rule of Franco via a story about the annual dinner of a fishing club whose members eat rotten trout while refusing to accept that there is a problem with it. The film was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear.
 A Little Night Music is the 1977 film adaptation of the musical A Little Night Music. It stars Elizabeth Taylor Diana Rigg and Lesley-Anne Down. It also features Len Cariou Hermione Gingold and Laurence Guittard who reprised their Broadway roles. The film was directed by Harold Prince.
 Die Entlassung (English title: The Dismissal) is a 1942 German film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner about the dismissal of Otto von Bismarck. It was one of only four films to receive the honorary distinction Film of the Nation (Film der Nation) by the Reich Propaganda Ministry Censorship Office.The success of the 1940 film Bismarck led to this film as a sequel.The film is also known as Bismarck's Dismissal in the United Kingdom Schicksalswende (West German rerun title) and Wilhelm II.
 Umoja: The Village Where Men Are Forbidden is a French documentary film about the Kenyan village Umoja. For nearly 30 years hundreds of women living in Umoja say they were raped by British soldiers in northern Kenya.Accused of having brought shame on their community they are beaten by their husbands and divorce. A handful of them created Umoja the village prohibits men who became the refuge of Samburu women.
 Kovai Brothers is a 2006 Tamil-language comedy film released in India. The film stars Tamil comedians Sathyaraj Sibiraj Vadivelu Uma Kovai Sarala and Namitha. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Pokiri Brothers.
 Strangers May Kiss is a 1931 Pre-code drama film produced and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and noncredit-directed by George Fitzmaurice. It stars Norma Shearer Robert Montgomery and Neil Hamilton.
 TN-07 AL 4777 is a 2009 Tamil drama thriller film directed by A. Lakshmikanthan. The film stars Pasupathy Ajmal Ameer Simran Bagga and Meenakshi in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack composed by Vijay Antony was released on 12 December 2008. It is a remake of the 2006 Hindi Language film Taxi Number 9211 which in itself is a remake of the American film Changing Lanes (2002).
 L'armata Brancaleone (known in English-speaking countries as For Love and Gold or The Incredible Army of Brancaleone) is an Italian comedy movie released in 1966 written by the famous duo Age & Scarpelli and directed by Mario Monicelli. It features Vittorio Gassman in the main role. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival.The term Armata Brancaleone is still used today in Italian to define a group of badly assembled and useless people.
 The Walking Dead is a 1995 war film written and directed by Preston A. Whitmore II starring Allen Payne Joe Morton and Eddie Griffin. The film depicts the lives of five Marines who are all assigned to rescue a group of POW during the Vietnam War in 1972. It opened to poor reviews and low box office receipts. Previews billed it as the black experience in Vietnam.The box-office gross was over $6000000.00.
 G.I. Joe: Retaliation is a 2013 American military science fiction action film directed by Jon M. Chu based on Hasbro's G.I. Joe toy comic and media franchises. It was written by Zombieland writers Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick and serves as both a sequel to 2009's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra and as a reboot of the franchise. G.I.
 Choke Canyon (titled On Dangerous Ground outside the United States) is a 1986 movie starring Stephen Collins as a cowboy scientist trying to develop an alternative energy source. It was filmed mostly in the vicinity of Moab Utah.
 Francisco de Miranda is a Venezuelan film on the life of Venezuelan independence hero Francisco de Miranda. It was released in Venezuela in August 2006 opening at 400 cinemas and beating Superman Returns at the box office.
 Main Osama is an Indian film in production directed by Faisal Saif. Shibani Kashyap is scoring the music and she is acting in the film as well. Pakistani rock star Ali Haider backed out of his Hindi cinema debut in a small appearance. The film has been put on hold.
 Nooran (Punjabi: ਨੂਰਾਂ) also spelled as Nooraan is a 1957 Punjabi film directed by M. M. Billoo Mehra starring Sudhir and Noor Jehan in lead roles. Hazeen Qadri written lyrics and dialogues for the film.
 Scene of the Crime is a 1949 film noir directed by Roy Rowland and starring Van Johnson Arlene Dahl Gloria DeHaven Tom Drake and Leon Ames.
 Thillana Thillana is a 2003 Malayalam film directed by T. S. Saji. It stars Krishna Jomol and Kaveri in the lead roles. Suresh Gopi and Kunchacko Boban appear in guest roles in the movie.The movie deals with a young college boy named Bobby trying to find his hidden lover. He mistakes for Malavika to be his lover who has been giving a couple of letter and phone calls and falls in love with her. The movie continues as Bobby does various things to impress her.
 No More Mr. Nice Guy (German: Wir können auch anders …) is a 1993 German comedy film directed by Detlev Buck. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Ma'am May We Go Out? is a 1985 Philippine comedy film produced by Viva Films. It starred Filipino comedians Tito Sotto Vic Sotto and Joey de Leon.
 Return of the Street Fighter (殺人拳２ Satsujin ken 2 UK title: Blood of the Dragon) is a 1974 martial arts film and the second in a series starting with The Street Fighter starring Sonny Chiba. In this sequel Martial artist Takuma (Terry) Tsurugi returns to take on a Yakuza family that may be embezzling money from charities to finance their own operations.
 Soft Fruit is a 1999 drama about a dying mother and her children who come together to fulfill her last wishes. It is an Australian American co-production produced by Australian filmmaker Jane Campion and directed by Christina Andreef.Andreef later talked about the themes of the film:As you grow older it's so difficult to stay in relationship with your brothers and sisters and your parents. When you get into your thirties and forties paths are dividing.
 Fuiste mía un verano is a 1969 Argentine film.
 1994 Baker Street: Sherlock Holmes Returns sometimes shortened to just Sherlock Holmes Returns is a 1993 American television movie about the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes that stars Anthony Higgins as Holmes. It was written and directed by Kenneth Johnson and was broadcast on CBS.
 Couples Retreat is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Peter Billingsley with contributions to the script by Jon Favreau Vince Vaughn Dana Fox Curtis Hanson and Greg Beeman. Vaughn and Favreau star with Faizon Love Jason Bateman Kristin Davis Kristen Bell Malin Åkerman and Jean Reno. It was released on October 9 2009 in the United States. The film was shot mostly on the island of Bora Bora.
 Baava Baamaida is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar and Rambha in the lead roles. The film is directed by Kishore Sarja and based on the Tamil language film Pandithurai (1992) directed by Manoj Kumar.
 Nikodem Dyzma is a 1956 Polish comedy film directed by Jan Rybkowski. It is based on the 1932 novel Kariera Nikodema Dyzmy by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz.
 Orgasmic Birth: The Best-Kept Secret (also called Orgasmic Birth: 11 Mothers 12 International Experts or just Orgasmic Birthis a 2008 documentary film that examines the intimate nature of birth. It had been shown at women's and film festivals since May 2008 before being shown for the first time in primetime on January 2 2009 by ABC’s 20/20.The documentary follows the journey of eleven women through labour presenting how blissful birth can be.
 Una Excursión a los indios ranqueles is a 1963 Argentine film based on a book of the same name by Lucio V. Mansilla.
 Youth is a 2001 Indian Telugu romance film written and directed by Jitendra. The film stars Vikram and Sri Harsha in the lead roles who plays his love interest.
 Doctor Zhivago is a 2002 British television miniseries directed by Giacomo Campiotti and starring Hans Matheson Keira Knightley and Sam Neill. The teleplay by Andrew Davies is based on the 1957 novel of the same title by Boris Pasternak.The serial is the second English-language screen adaptation of the book following the 1965 feature film. It was produced by Granada Television with co-funding from the American PBS station WGBH Boston and the German company Evision.
 That Certain Something is a 1941 Australian musical about an American film director who decides to make a musical in Australia. It was the last movie directed by noted silent era director Clarence G. Badger.
 Out of the Blue is a 1931 British musical film directed by Gene Gerrard and starring Gerrard Jessie Matthews and Kay Hammond. It was Matthew's first major film role. A baronet's daughter falls in love with a radio star who is engaged to marry her sister. The film was not a success but led to Matthews being cast in There Goes the Bride. John Orton served as a supervising director.
 Anthimanthaarai is a period arthouse Tamil language film released in 1996. The film has Vijayakumar Jayasudha in lead roles. Its produced by Chandraleela Bharathiraja and Thilaka Ganesh The director of this film is P. Bharathiraja. The film won the National Award for the Best Feature Film in Tamil for the year 1997.The music for the film is composed by A. R. Rahman. The film is relatively unknown and it had a brief run lasting for a week in major cinemas.
 Charley's Aunt is a 1941 film directed by Archie Mayo. It stars Jack Benny and Kay Francis. It was the third filmed version of the stage farce of the same name by Brandon Thomas. It remained one of Benny's personal favourites among his own films.
 L'arrivée d'un train en gare de La Ciotat (translated from French into English as The Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat Station Arrival of a Train at La Ciotat (US) and The Arrival of the Mail Train and in the United Kingdom the film is known as Train Pulling into a Station) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Auguste and Louis Lumière.
 The Andromeda Strain is a 2008 science fiction miniseries based on the novel published in 1969 by Michael Crichton about a team of scientists who investigate a deadly disease of extraterrestrial origin. The miniseries is more of a reimagining of the original Michael Crichton novel than an adaptation. In addition to updating the setting to the early 21st Century the miniseries makes a great many plot and character changes from its source.
 The Caller is a 1987 mystery thriller film starring Malcolm McDowell and Madolyn Smith Osborne distributed independently by Empire Pictures.The special effects were done by FX engineer John Carl Beuchler known for his long list of film credits including Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master and Re-Animator.
 Dinocroc is a 2004 horror film starring Charles Napier and Joanna Pacuła produced by Roger Corman and directed by Kevin O'Neill. It had a limited theatrical release in early 2004 before premiering on the Syfy Channel in April of that year. A prehistoric dinosaur known as the Suchomimus is genetically engineered by the GERECO Corporation headed by Paula Kennedy (Joanna Pacuła).
 Eternal Summer (Chinese: 盛夏光年; pinyin: Shèngxià Guāng Nián) is a 2006 Taiwanese film starring Joseph Chang Bryant Chang and Kate Yeung. It was directed by Leste Chen. In 2006 the film received four nominations at the 43rd Golden Horse Awards including Best Supporting Actor and Best New Performer for Joseph Chang and Bryant Chang won Best New Performer.
 Thunder Road is a black and white 1958 drama–crime film about running moonshine in the mountains of Kentucky and Tennessee in the late 1950s. It was directed by Arthur Ripley and starred Robert Mitchum who also produced the film co-wrote the screenplay and is rumored to have directed much of the film himself.
 Man in the 5th Dimension is a 1964 short film produced and directed by Dick Ross and starring Billy Graham.
 White House Down is a 2013 American political action-thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich about an assault on the White House by a paramilitary group and the Capitol Police Officer who tries to stop them. The film's screenplay is by James Vanderbilt and it stars Channing Tatum and Jamie Foxx with Maggie Gyllenhaal James Woods Jason Clarke and Richard Jenkins in supporting roles. The film was released on June 28 2013 and has since grossed more than $205 million worldwide.
 Kochumon is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Sagar Sangam is a Hindi film released in 1988. A family drama had a very long delayed release. The film was announced in 1985 had its records released in 1986. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty Shatrughan Sinha Raakhee Padmini Kolhapure Anita Raj and Asha Parekh
 Awaragira is a 1990 Sri Lankan film directed by Lester James Peries.
 Bluebird is a 2004 Dutch television film directed by Mijke de Jong. It was selected by the Netherlands as its official Foreign Language Film submission for the 78th Academy Awards but was rejected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because it had aired on television.
 John Carpenter's Village of the Damned is a 1995 science fiction-horror film directed by John Carpenter. It is a remake of the 1960 film of the same name which is based on the novel The Midwich Cuckoos by John Wyndham. The 1995 remake is set in Northern California while the book and original film were both set in the United Kingdom.
 The Snow Maiden (Russian: Снегу́рочка; tr.:Snegurochka) is a 1952 Soviet/Russian traditionally-animated feature film. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow and is based on the play of the same name by Aleksandr Ostrovsky (itself largely based on traditional folk tales). Music from Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's opera The Snow Maiden is used arranged for the film by L.
 Crossfire is a 1947 film noir drama film which deals with the theme of anti-Semitism as did that year's Academy Award for Best Picture winner Gentleman's Agreement. The film was directed by Edward Dmytryk and the screenplay was written by John Paxton based on the 1945 novel The Brick Foxhole by screenwriter and director Richard Brooks. The film features Robert Mitchum Robert Young Robert Ryan and Gloria Grahame.
 Koottukudumbam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 The Adventures of Food Boy is an independent comedy film that was released in 2008 by Cold Spark Films. It is based on the 2007 short film Food Boy. It stars Lucas Grabeel in his first lead role as Ezra who becomes a superhero known as Food Boy. Brittany Curran plays the lead female role of Shelby. The film was filmed in Utah at Timpview High School during summer 2007.
 Manathil Uruthi Vendum is a 1987 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Suhasini S. P. Balasubrahmanyam Ramesh Aravind Sridhar Vivek Lalithakumari and Yamuna.Rajinikanth Sathyaraj and Vijayakanth make guest appearances.
 Bangers is a 1999 Australian short film starring Cate Blanchett. Her real-life husband Andrew Upton wrote produced and directed the film. It is their first collaboration from their production company Dirty Films. Bangers was later included in the 2005 compilation film Stories of Lost Souls.
 La Cuna vacía is a 1949 Argentine film.
 The Love of Sunya (also known as The Loves of Sunya) is an American silent drama film made in 1927. It was directed by Albert Parker and was based on the play The Eyes of Youth by Max Marcin and Charles Guernon. Produced by and starring Gloria Swanson it also stars John Boles and Pauline Garon. A copy of The Love of Sunya still survives and is kept in the Paul Killiam collection.
 Femme Fatale:Bae Jeong-ja (요화 배정자 Yohwa Bae Jeongja) is a 1973 South Korean film is based on the life of Bae Jeong-ja (1870-1950) a young Korean orphan adopted by Ito Hirobumi and raised as his daughter. However she betrays him and her Japanese upbringing after falling in love with a freedom fighter named Hong-Jun.
 Suriya Paarvai is a 1999 Tamil crime film directed by Jagan. The film features Arjun and newcomer Pooja in lead roles. The film produced by Sreenivas Prasad had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 14 January 1999 to negative reviews. The film is heavily inspired by the Luc Besson 1994 film Léon: The Professional.
 The Verdict (French: La Sentence) is a 1959 French drama film directed by Jean Valère. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dug's Special Mission (2009) is a Pixar short CGI film directed by Ronnie del Carmen. It is tied into and included on the DVD and Blu-ray Disc release of Up.According to Jonas Rivera the producer of Pixar's film Up Dug's Special Mission is a little bit of the backstory of what Dug was actually doing out there on this mysterious mission when we meet him [in Up].
 Backwards: The Riddle Of Dyslexia is a 1984 ABC Afterschool Special about dyslexia. It stars 13 year old River Phoenix in one of his first major roles as Brian Ellsworth. Joaquin Phoenix (credited as Leaf Phoenix) also stars as his younger brother Robby. According to allmovie Brian Ellsworth is a junior high student who has a habit of writing his words – and the letters – backwards. Brian's friends think he's kidding his teachers think he's lazy and his parents think he's slow.
 The Savage is a 1952 Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Charlton Heston. Much of the film was shot in the Black Hills of South Dakota.
 Le périscope is a 1916 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
 The Harimaya Bridge is a 2009 film written and directed by American filmmaker Aaron Woolfolk. It was filmed in Kochi Prefecture Japan and San Francisco California U.S.A. The film had a nationwide theatrical release in Japan in 2009 and an independent theatrical release in the United States in 2010.
 Blood & Chocolate is a 2007 film directed by Katja von Garnier produced by Lakeshore Entertainment and distributed by MGM. It is very loosely based on the young-adult novel of the same name by Annette Curtis Klause which was adapted into a screenplay by Ehren Kruger. The movie was released on DVD on June 13 2007 in the USA.
 The Prophet the Gold and the Transylvanians (Romanian: Profetul aurul şi ardelenii) is a 1978 Romanian film directed by Romanian director Dan Pița. It is the first in a Red Western trilogy that also comprises The Artiste the Dollars and the Transylvanians and The Oil the Baby and the Transylvanians. It is spoken in English and Romanian.
 Sam Jackson's Secret Video Diary is a British independent film. The makers believe it is notable for being the first film ever made whose leading actor has died before the start of principal photography. The film's eponymous lead was played by Posy Miller who died of acute leukemia on December 24 2002.The film takes the form of a TV documentary and tells the story of a missing person Samantha Jackson.
 Grow Your Own is a 2007 British comedy film directed by Richard Laxton and written by Frank Cottrell Boyce and Carl Hunter. It stars Benedict Wong John Henshaw Eddie Marsan Pierce Quigley Omid Djalili Alan Williams Philip Jackson and Olivia Colman. The film centres around a group of gardeners at a Merseyside allotment who react angrily when a group of refugees are given plots at the site but after they get to know them better soon change their minds.
 Monsieur Don't Care is a 1924 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel as Rhubarb Vaselino. The film is a parody of the Rudolph Valentino film Monsieur Beaucaire (1924).
 Return from the Ashes is a 1965 British drama film directed by J. Lee Thompson. The film stars Ingrid Thulin Herbert Lom Maximilian Schell and Samantha Eggar. It is based on a novel by French crime writer Hubert Monteilhet adapted for film by prolific screenwriter Julius J. Epstein.
 It's Complicated is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Nancy Meyers. It stars Meryl Streep as a successful bakery owner and single mother of three who starts a secret affair with her ex-husband played by Alec Baldwin ten years after their divorce – only to find herself drawn to another man: her architect Adam (portrayed by Steve Martin).
 The Whisperer in Darkness is a 2011 independent film based on the H. P. Lovecraft short story of the same name directed and produced by Sean Branney Andrew Leman and David Robertson and distributed by the H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society. It was shot using Mythoscope blend of vintage and modern filming techniques intended to produce the look of a 1930s-era film.
 You're Next is a 2011 American slasher film directed and edited by Adam Wingard written by Simon Barrett and starring Sharni Vinson Nicholas Tucci Wendy Glenn A. J. Bowen Joe Swanberg and Barrett. The film had its world premiere at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival Midnight Madness program. The film was released on August 23 2013 in the United States to positive reviews and has so far grossed over $26 million at the box office surpassing its budget of $1 million.
 Ghost of Mae Nak (Thai: นาค รักแท้/วิญญาณ/ความตาย) is a 2005 Thai horror film thriller about a protecting ghost directed and written by British director Mark Duffield. The film stars Pataratida Pacharawirapong Siwat Chotchaicharin and Porntip Papanai as the ghost.
 High Wall is a 1947 film noir starring Robert Taylor Audrey Totter and Herbert Marshall. It was directed by Curtis Bernhardt from a screenplay by Sydney Boehm and Lester Cole based on a play by Alan R. Clark and Bradbury Foote.
 Strapless is a 1989 film written and directed by David Hare.
 Puthiya Paravai (English: New Bird) also spelt as Pudhiya Paravai is a 1964 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Dada Mirasi for Sivaji Films. It features Sivaji Ganesan B. Saroja Devi and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles while M. R. Radha V. K. Ramasamy Nagesh and Manorama appear in supporting roles. The story is about a rich businessman who falls for a young woman he meets on a cruise ship en route India from Singapore.
 Hortal is a Bangladeshi political docudrama that centers around political unrest in Bangladesh and the daily lives of three journalists. It was directed by Gaushey Shahariar and has been awarded “Best Film” at the 6th International Inter-University Short Film Festival organised by Dhaka University.
 This Rebel Breed is a 1960 American melodrama film directed by Richard L. Bare and William Rowland starring Rita Moreno Gerald Mohr Eugenio Martin Dyan Cannon and Richard Rust.The film is also known as Lola's Mistake (American reissue title) The Black Rebels (American alternative title) and Three Shades of Love (American reissue title).
 Samurai Cowboy is a film shot with the participation of the Alberta Motion Picture Development Corporation and Monarch Home video. This low budget movie was filmed with Japanese star Hiromi Go. The movie was filmed in 1993 in Southern Alberta more specifically Waterton Lakes National Park. The movie follows a Japanese businessman who becomes disillusioned with his life after his best friend dies. He moves to Montana to follow a childhood dream of becoming a cattle rancher.
 In The Realm of the Hackers is a 2003 Australian documentary directed by Kevin Anderson about the prominent hacker community centered in Melbourne Australia in the late 1980s until early 1990.
 Murder in the Private Car is a 1934 American mystery/romance film starring Mary Carlisle Charles Ruggles and Una Merkel. Directed by Harry Beaumont the film is based on the play The Rear Car by Edward E. Rose.
 Lak Yawm Ya Zalem About this sound listen (Arabic: لك يوم يا ظالم‎ Your Day Will Come) is a classic 1951 Egyptian drama film directed by Salah Abouseif. It starred Faten Hamama Mahmoud el-Meliguy Mohammed Tawfik and Mohsen Sarhan and was chosen as one of the best 150 Egyptian film productions in 1996 during the Egyptian Cinema centennial. The film was presented in the Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Lodger (1932) is a British thriller film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ivor Novello Elizabeth Allan and Jack Hawkins.
 Thieves' Gold is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 While the Billy Boils is a 1921 Australian film from director Beaumont Smith which adapts several stories from Henry Lawson. It is considered a lost film.
 Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the third installment of the Madagascar series and it is the first in the series to be released in 3D. The film is directed by Eric Darnell Tom McGrath and Conrad Vernon. Its world premiere was at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival on May 18 2012.Alex Marty Melman and Gloria are still struggling to get home to New York.
 Khandaan (Hindi: खानदान; translation: Clan) is a 1979 film directed by Anil Ganguly and produced by Sibte Hassan Rizvi. This family drama stars Jeetendra Sulakshana Pandit and Bindiya Goswami with music composed by Khayyam and lyrics written by Naqsh Lyallapuri.
 The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a 2003 comedy film released on May 2 2003 by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the first Disney Channel Original Series to have a theatrical film and also serves as a series finale to the television series Lizzie McGuire. The film stars Hilary Duff Adam Lamberg and Yani Gellman. The movie follows Lizzie McGuire on a graduation trip to Rome.The film reached number two in the United States box office behind X2: X-Men United.
 My Lucky Star (Chinese: 非常幸运; pinyin: Fēicháng Xīnyùn) is a 2013 Chinese romantic adventure film directed by Dennie Gordon and starring Zhang Ziyi and Leehom Wang.
 Paar Magale Paar (Tamil: பார் மகளே பார்) is a 1963 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan Sowcar Janaki R. Muthuraman and Vijayakumari.
 Mee Sreyobhilashi is a Telugu film released in the year 2007 starring Rajendra Prasad Raghu Babu Krishna Bhagawan and Naresh. The film was directed by Eshwar Reddy and produced by Y. Sonia Reddy under the banner Visu Films.
 The Comeback Trail is a 1982 film directed by Harry Hurwitz. It stars Chuck McCann and in his final screen role Buster Crabbe. The film features several cameos of people playing themselves such as Hugh Hefner.
 A Beautiful New World (美丽新世界) is a 1999 film directed by Shi Runjiu. The film Shi's first (he had previously served as an assistant director for Lu Yue's Mr. Zhao) was co-produced by the Xi'an Film Studio and the independent Imar Film Company. It was Imar Film's second production after 1997's Spicy Love Soup.
 Let's Spend the Night Together is a live concert film documenting The Rolling Stones' 1981 North American Tour. It was directed by Hal Ashby and released to cinemas in 1983 then subsequently released on VHS and CED Videodisc.
 Dunia is a 2005 film.
 Cradle Snatchers is a 1927 silent film.The picture is based on the 1925 Russell Medcraft/Norma Mitchell stage play of the same name that starred Mary Boland Edna May Oliver and Humphrey Bogart. An incomplete copy missing part of reel 3 and all of reel 4 exists in the Library of Congress.
 AKA Life is a 2008 musical film. It is directed produced and written by Chad Peter. It stars Rebecca Regan and Lucia Cifarelli.
 Veraneo en Mar del Plata is a 1954 Argentine film.
 A Cold Night's Death (also billed as The Chill Factor) is a 1973 made for television movie in the United States. The film was shown on January 30 1973 on the ABC network.The film was directed by Jerrold Freedman and starred Robert Culp Eli Wallach and Michael C. Gwynne. Culp and Wallach are two research scientists at the Tower Mountain Research Station (based on the University of California's White Mountain Research Station) who are trying to unravel the mysterious death of a colleague.
 Man of the World (1931) is a romantic drama starring William Powell Carole Lombard and Wynne Gibson.
 September Tapes is a faux-documentary feature film co-written and directed by Christian Johnston in his feature debut. An early review of the film's promotional trailer noted that the footage looked more real than network news footage. It was rated R for language and violent images by the MPAA.
 Springman & the SS (Czech: Pérák a SS) is a 1946 Czechoslovak animated short film directed by Jiří Brdečka and Jiří Trnka featuring Pérák the Spring Man of Prague. The film is also known as The Chimney Sweep in the USA.
 Les souvenirs (the memories) is an upcoming French comedy-drama film directed by Jean-Paul Rouve.
 Rachida is a 2002 Algerian drama film directed by Yamina Bachir. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bulandi is an Bollywood film a remake of the tamil movie Nattamai. In Bulundi Anil Kapoor portrays the protagonist with Rekha and Raveena Tandon in supporting roles. South Indian superstar Rajinikanth plays the father of the protagonist. Anil Kapoor enacts the role of the head of the village. The story revolves around the environment of a village under the Panchayati Raj rule. The hero's family brings justice to the village.
 My Girlfriend's Boyfriend is a 2010 American romantic comedy written and directed by Daryn Tufts and starring Alyssa Milano Christopher Gorham Michael Landes Beau Bridges Tom Lenk and Carol Kane.
 Eye of the Tiger is a 1986 action/drama film starring Gary Busey Yaphet Kotto Denise Galik Seymour Cassel William Smith and Judith Barsi. The movie was directed by Richard C. Sarafian.
 Holiday is a Bollywood film produced and directed by Pooja Bhatt and starring Dino Morea Gulshan Grover and Onjolee Nair. It is a remake of the 1987 American film Dirty Dancing.
 O Teri is a Hindi comedy film released on 28 March 2014 directed by Umesh Bhishit and produced by Atul Agnihotri featuring Pulkit Samrat Bilal Amrohi Sarah-Jane DiasSara Loren and Mandira Bedi. The film stars Pulkit Samrat and newcomer Bilal Amrohi as two journalists who come across a big scam.
 Picking Up the Pieces is a 2000 film directed by Alfonso Arau and starring Woody Allen.
 Judge Barrister Police Commissioner (Bengali: জজ ব্যারিস্টার পুলিশ কমিশনার) is an Dhallywood Bengali film directed and produced by F I Manik.The film features an ensemble cast of Shakib Khan Razzak Alamgir Sohel Rana and Purnima in the lead roles. the film released on May 10 2013. and the movie was declared a hit at the Box Office.
 The Deep Blue Sea is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Terence Davies and starring Rachel Weisz Tom Hiddleston and Simon Russell Beale. It is an adaptation of the 1952 Terence Rattigan play and a remake of the 1955 film of the same name about the wife of a judge who engages in an affair with a former RAF pilot.
 Handle Me With Care (Thai: กอด Kod literally hug) also known as 三手仔手記 (Hong Kong Title) or 一路上有手 (Taiwanese Title) is a 2008 Thai romantic drama film directed by Kongdej Jaturanrasamee.
 Track Aduowan is a 2010 Chinese historical comedy film and sequel to Hands Up!. It was directed and written by Feng Xiaoning and produced by Han Sanping. The film stars Pan Changjiang Guo Da and Liu Wei. It based on the Second Sino-Japanese War. It was released in China on September 9 2010 to commemorate the 65th anniversary of the victory of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
 Ghosts Can't Do It is a 1990 American dramedy-fantasy film made in 1989. The film stars Bo Derek and Anthony Quinn and written and directed by Derek's husband John Derek.The film was shot in 1989 and released on home video the same year. However the film did receive a theatrical release in 1990.
 Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl is a 1982 concert film in which the Monty Python comedy troupe perform many of their greatest sketches at the Hollywood Bowl. The show also included filmed inserts which were mostly taken from two Monty Python specials Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus which had been broadcast on German television in 1972. The performance was recorded on videotape in September 1980 and transferred to film.
 Kristo is a 1996 Filipino cinematic interpretation of the life of Jesus Christ. Produced in 1996 by Cine Suerte Productions and Oasis of Love Movement (by Fr.
 State Rowdy (Telugu: స్టేట్ రౌడీ) is a 1989 Telugu film directed by B. Gopal. The film stars Chiranjeevi in the lead while Radha Bhanupriya Sharada Rao Gopal Rao Thiagarajan and Nutan Prasad are among the other cast.
 Ujala is a Bollywood movie released in 1959 starring Shammi Kapoor Mala Sinha Raaj Kumar Leela Chitnis and Tun Tun. Naresh Saigal was the story writer as well as the director of the movie. Ujala features one of the popular Bollywood songs Jhoomta Masoom Mast Mahina played by Shammi Kapoor and Mala Sinha sung by Manna Dey and Lata Mangeshkar. The film came with a message; Honesty always triumphs.
 Chennaaya Valarthiya Kutty is a 1976 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 The Ships That Meet (Swedish: Skepp som mötas) is a 1916 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 Spoiler is an American action Sci-Fi film that takes place in New York in the far future.
 Splice is a 2009 Canadian-French science fiction thriller film directed by Vincenzo Natali and starring Adrien Brody Sarah Polley and Delphine Chanéac. The story concerns experiments in genetic engineering being done by a young scientific couple who attempt to introduce human DNA into their work of splicing animal genes.
 Fort Dobbs is a 1958 western the first of three directed by Gordon Douglas to star Clint Walker. The other two were: Yellowstone Kelly in 1959 and Gold of the Seven Saints in 1961.Based on a screenplay by George W. George and Burt Kennedy with black-and-white photography provided by William H. Clothier this 93-minute movie was released by Warner Brothers and was intended to capitalize on Walker's success in the Cheyenne TV series.
 The Mountain Meadows Massacre is a 2001 documentary film about the Mountain Meadows massacre. It was produced by Eric Young with Dave Chase Jan Walker and Larinda Wenzel and distributed through The Studio Inc.
 The Home of Dark Butterflies (Finnish: Tummien perhosten koti) is a 2008 Finnish film directed by Dome Karukoski and starring Niilo Syväoja Tommi Korpela Kristiina Halttu and Kati Outinen.
 Norwegian Ninja (Norwegian: Kommandør Treholt & ninjatroppen) is a 2010 Norwegian action comedy film directed by Thomas Cappelen Malling.
 Mannu (English: The Soil) is a 1978 Malayalam film directed by K. G. George with Soman P. K. Abraham Sharada and Sukumaran in the lead roles.
 Winnie Mandela is a 2011 drama film adaptation of Anne Marie du Preez Bezrob's biography Winnie Mandela: A Life. The film is directed by Darrell Roodt and stars Jennifer Hudson Terrence Howard Wendy Crewson Elias Koteas and Justin Strydom. Image Entertainment released the film in theaters on September 6 2013.
 Opasen char (Bulgarian language: Опасен чар English language: Dangerous charm) is a comedy/crime film released in Bulgaria in 1984. It was directed by Ivan Andonov and written by Svoboda Bachvarova. The story is about a highly educated and charming gentleman - the dream of every lonely lady. In fact he is a brilliant cheat who robs naïve women. He constantly changes his name his exploits are countless and his life is one everlasting adventure.
 2 Autumns 3 Winters (French: 2 automnes 3 hivers) is a 2013 French film written and directed by Sébastien Betbeder.
 Aanch is a Hindi movie directed by Rajesh Kumar Singh. Nana Patekar Paresh Rawal Suchindra and Sharbani Mukherjee played the lead roles. It's an epic love story set against the background of a crime ridden some parts of rural Uttar Pradesh. Sanjeev-Darshan scored the music for the movie.
 Vaana (translation: Rain) is a 2008 Telugu film starring Vinay Rai and Meera Chopra in the lead roles while Suman plays a supporting role. M.S. Raju produces and directs this film while debutant Kamalakar composed music for the project. It is a remake of Kannada language film Mungaru Male. The film was dubbed and released in Tamil as Gnabagangal Thaalattum.
 Bachpan is a 1970 Bollywood Hindi drama film directed and produced by Kotayya Pratyagatma. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar and Tanuja. The film has a very melodious song sung by Mohammad Rafi Aaya re khilone wala khel khilone leke aaya re.
 Two Daughters of Eve is a 1912 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Third Man Out is a 2005 gay-themed mystery film. It is the first film adaptation of a Richard Stevenson novel featuring fictional detective Donald Strachey.
 Where There's Life is a 1947 comedy film. The film's title derives from a line in Don Quixote (Where there's life there's hope a play on the name of its star Bob Hope).
 Firehead is a 1991 science fiction–thriller film. It was directed by Peter Yuval for Action International Pictures and stars Chris Lemmon and Christopher Plummer. It was filmed in Mobile Alabama and released theatrically in 1991.
 Already Dead is a 2008 drama film starring Ron Eldard and Christopher Plummer. Filming took place in Los Angeles California.
 The Singles Ward is a 2002 LDS cinema comedy film directed by Kurt Hale and written by Kurt Hale and John E. Moyer based on his own life as a stand up comedian and single member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Like The R.M. and other films which followed it The Singles Ward's target audience is members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and citizens of Utah.
 Geronimo is a 1993 TNT television movie starring Joseph Runningfox in the title role. First Nations actor Jimmy Herman appeared in this motion picture as the Old Geronimo. It also features Apache/Mexican actor Adan Sanchez who was later on the PBS series Wishbone. It debuted on television five days before the theatrical release of Geronimo: An American Legend.It was shot in Tucson Arizona.
 Friends from France (French: Les Interdits) is a 2013 French drama film written and directed by Anne Weil and Philippe Kotlarski. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film is set in Odessa in 1979.
 Curiosity is a 2009 British short film written and directed by Toby Spanton.
 Welcome to Durham USA is a documentary about gang violence in Durham North Carolina.The documentary shows how gangs are not only a problem in big cities but also in smaller cities and towns. It shows how the rivalry between the Crips and the Bloods are spreading out far beyond big cities. Welcome to Durham USA won the Best Documentary Award at the New York International Film Festival.
 Bloody Murder (UK title: Scream Bloody Murder) is a teen slasher film written by John R. Stevenson and directed by Ralph S. Portillo. It was released on September 12 2000. The film has been highly criticized since its release for being a blatant rip-off of the Friday the 13th series yet it still has fans stretching from the US to the UK.[citation needed]
 Prípad Barnabáš Kos (The Case of Barnabáš Kos) is a 1964 Czech film directed by Peter Solan. The film starred Josef Kemr.
 Vasantsena is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Suriyan (Tamil: சூரியன்: Sun) is a 1992 Tamil film directed by Pavithran starring Sarath Kumar and Roja in lead roles and produced by K. T. Kunjumon.This big budget production won positive reviews and became the first major success for Sarath Kumar as a hero.The film becomes a blockbuster not only in Tamil Nadu but also south India. Certain scenes from the film were inspired by the 1985 Hollywood thriller Commando. It was also dubbed in Telugu as Mande Suryudu.
 Aboout an Old Man an Old Woman and Thiere Hen Ryaba (Russian: Про деда бабу и курочку Рябу) is a 1982 Soviet Animation film by Alexander Davydov. This cartoon was filming by Soyuzmultfilm studio. The film received national and international recognition.
 Josie and the Pussycats is a 2001 musical comedy film released by Universal Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Directed and co-written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan the film is loosely based upon the Archie comic of the same name as well as the Hanna-Barbera cartoon. The film stars Rachael Leigh Cook Tara Reid and Rosario Dawson as the Pussycats with Alan Cumming Parker Posey and Gabriel Mann in supporting roles.
 Amar Prem (Hindi: अमर प्रेम Urdu: امر پریم translation: Immortal Love) is a 1972 Hindi drama film directed by Shakti Samanta based on a Bengali short story Nishi Padma by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay about a school boy who is ill-treated by his step mother and becomes friends with a prostitute neighbour.
 Bicycle Dreams is a 2009 documentary film by director Stephen Auerbach about the Race Across America a 3000-mile cross-country bicycle race. The film has won numerous film festival awards and had a successful screening tour.
 Quest for Zhu is a joint-venture between an American and Canadian 2011 direct-to-DVD animated action/adventure family film. It is based on the Zhu Zhu Pets franchise and is the first full-length feature film. It stars Canadian voice-actors: Mariah Wilkerson Shannon Chan-Kent Ian James Corlett Sean Campbell Erin Mathews Jillian Michaels Jan Rabson and Kathleen Barr. The film was released on DVD September 27 2011 and then aired on Nickelodeon on December 4 2011.
 Babylon A.D. is a 2008 French American science fiction action film based on the novel Babylon Babies by Maurice Georges Dantec. The film was directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and stars Vin Diesel. It was released on 29 August 2008 in the United States.
 Tail Gunner Joe is a 1977 television movie dramatizing the life of U.S. Senator Joseph R. McCarthy a Wisconsin Republican who claimed knowledge of communist infiltration of the U.S. government during the 1950s. The film was broadcast on NBC-TV. It was nominated for six Emmy awards and won two: best writing and best supporting actor for Burgess Meredith's portrayal of attorney Joseph Welch. It starred Peter Boyle (as McCarthy) and John Forsythe. Robert F.
 Such Is Life is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Good Boy! is a 2003 comedy film directed by John Robert Hoffman and produced by Jim Henson Pictures released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starring 7 talking dogs. The film stars Liam Aiken as Owen Baker as well as the voices of Matthew Broderick Delta Burke Donald Faison Brittany Murphy Carl Reiner Vanessa Redgrave and Cheech Marin as the abundant dog characters in the movie. The film was based on the book Dogs from Outer Space by Zeke Richardson.
 The Mask of Dimitrios is a 1944 American film noir directed by Jean Negulesco and written by Frank Gruber based on the 1939 novel of the same name written by Eric Ambler (in America the novel was titled A Coffin for Dimitrios). Ambler is known as a major influence on writers and an inventor of the modern thriller genre. The drama features Sydney Greenstreet Zachary Scott (as Dimitrios Makropoulos) Faye Emerson and Peter Lorre.
 Cheers for Miss Bishop (1941) is a film based on the novel Miss Bishop by Bess Streeter Aldrich. It was directed by Tay Garnett and stars Martha Scott in the title role. The other cast members include William Gargan Edmund Gwenn Sterling Holloway Dorothy Peterson Marsha Hunt Don Douglas and Sidney Blackmer. This film marked the debut of Rosemary DeCamp.
 The Missing Million is a 1942 British crime film directed by Philip Brandon and starring Linden Travers John Warwick and Patricia Hilliard. It is adapted from a novel by Edgar Wallace. A millionaire is persecuted by a criminal gang.
 Village Photobook (村の写真集 Mura no Shashinshū) is a 2004 Japanese drama film written and directed by Mitsuhiro Mihara. It won the Golden Goblet at the 2005 Shanghai International Film Festival.
 Blessed Event is a 1932 comedy-drama film starring Lee Tracy as a newspaper gossip columnist who becomes entangled with a gangster. The Tracy character (Alvin Roberts) was reportedly patterned after Walter Winchell famous gossip columnist of the era. In this film Alvin Roberts feuds with Bunny Harmon (played by Dick Powell) a singer. Roberts reports on society people who are expecting i.e. going to have a child.
 In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale is a 2007 fantasy adventure film directed by Uwe Boll inspired by the Dungeon Siege video game series. It was produced by Brightlight Pictures and distributed by Freestyle Releasing and Vivendi Entertainment in the United States and Canada. 20th Century Fox took distribution overseas. It premiered at the American Film Market on November 3 2006.
 Nefertiti regina del Nilo (English Translation: Nefertiti Queen of the Nile) is a 1961 Italian Sword-and-sandal historical drama written and directed by Fernando Cerchio and produced for MAX Film by Ottavio Poggi. The film stars Jeanne Crain Edmund Purdom and Vincent Price. Purdom had previously starred in The Egyptian (1954) which has a similar plot and characters.
 Tower of Love is a 1974 comedy film directed by George Drazich and written by Harriet Foster. The film was originally distributed by Harry Novak through his VIP label and was subsequently revived by Something Weird Video.
 The Unusual Youth (Chinese: 非常青春期) is a 2005 Hong Kong teen comedy-drama film centering on five disillusioned Hong Kong teenagers living on the island of Cheung Chau as they try to deal with life in spite of family backgrounds. The film stars Race Wong of 2R fame Yan Ng Marco Lok and Raymond Wong.
 Bride of Vengeance is a 1949 Italian Renaissance era adventure film directed by Mitchell Leisen.
 Athanokkade (Telugu: అతనొక్కడే) is a 2005 Telugu film which was directed by Surender Reddy. This film stars Kalyan Ram Sindhu Tolani and Ashish Vidyarthi. Music was scored by Mani Sharma. This film was a surprise big hit at box office thanks to its screenplay and thrilling pace. It was remade into Tamil as Aadhi. The Hindi version of this film is International Don.
 Under the Big Top is a 1938 American film directed by Karl Brown.
 Diamond Head (1963) is a film starring Charlton Heston Yvette Mimieux George Chakiris and James Darren directed by Guy Green and released by Columbia Pictures. The original music score was composed by John Williams Hugo Winterhalter composed the theme and Darren sang the title song. The soundtrack album was released by Colpix Records (CP 440).Silent film star Billie Dove makes her last film appearance in a brief cameo.
 The Lady Is Fickle (Italian: La donna è mobile) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini.
 Here Beneath the North Star (Finnish: Täällä Pohjantähden alla) is a 1968 Finnish drama film directed by Edvin Laine. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. The film is based on the first two volumes of Väinö Linna's novel trilogy Under the North Star. The third volume was adapted into a film two years later under the title Akseli and Elina.
 Avanim (2004) is Raphael Nadjari's fourth feature film. It was shot in and around Tel Aviv in 2003 in HDCam. The film was presented in the Berlin Film Festival as a Panorama: Special presentation in 2004.
 City Streets is a 1931 American crime film noir directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Gary Cooper and Sylvia Sidney. Based on a story by Dashiell Hammett this Pre-Code crime film is about a racketeer's daughter who is in love with a shooting gallery showman. Despite her prodding the showman known as The Kid has no ambitions about joining the rackets and making enough money to support her in the lifestyle she's accustomed to.
 Conan the Barbarian is a 1982 sword and sorcery/adventure film directed and co-written by John Milius. It is based on stories by Robert E. Howard a pulp fiction writer of the 1930s about the adventures of the eponymous character in a fictional pre-historic world of dark magic and savagery.
 The Dress (German: Das Kleid) is an East German comedy film directed by Konrad Petzold and Egon Günther. It was released in 1961.
 Sampark is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Inder Sen. The film stars Madhu Kapoor Girish Karnad and Mazhar Khan.
 Lone Survivor is a 2013 American war film written and directed by Peter Berg and starring Mark Wahlberg Taylor Kitsch Emile Hirsch Ben Foster and Eric Bana. The film is based on the 2007 nonfiction book of the same name by Marcus Luttrell and Patrick Robinson.
 The Wiggly Big Show is The Wiggles' eighth video and their second concert video after Wiggledance!. It was released in October 1999.The concert was taped on 7–8 December 1998 at the Sydney Entertainment Centreduring their Toot Toot! tour. The video includes backstage segments that were edited in afterwards.
 Perfectly Normal is a Canadian comedy film released in 1991. Directed by Yves Simoneau and written by Eugene Lipinski and Paul Quarrington the film starred Robbie Coltrane Michael Riley and Kenneth Welsh.
 Nagarik (Bengali: নাগরিক) also spelled as Nagorik The Citizen in English was the first feature-length film directed by Indian director Ritwik Ghatak. Completed in 1952 it preceded Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali as perhaps the first example of an art film in Bengali cinema but is deprived of that honor since it was released twenty-four years later after Ghatak's death. On 20 September 1977 it finally premiered at the New Empire theatre in Kolkata India.
 The Devil Wears Prada is a 2006 comedy-drama film based on Lauren Weisberger's 2003 novel of the same name. This screen adaptation stars Anne Hathaway as Andrea Sachs a college graduate who goes to New York City and lands a job as a co-assistant to powerful fashion magazine editor Miranda Priestly played by Meryl Streep.
 A Canção da Primavera is a 1923 Brazilian silent romantic drama film directed by Igino Bonfioli and Cyprien Segur.The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on July 24 1923.
 The Immortals is a 1995 action thriller film produced by Elie Samaha and directed by Brian Grant.
 Ritratto di borghesia in nero (also known as Nest of Vipers and Portrait of a Bourgeois in Black) is a 1978 Italian drama film directed by Tonino Cervi.It is based on the short story The Piano Teacher by Roger Peyrefitte.
 Amman Arul is a 1973 Tamil film produced by P.L.Palaniappan Chettiar and directed by Pattu. The film is based on the powers of goddess parvati. Starring A.V.M. Rajan in the lead the film was produced by Palaniappan Chettiar in the name of his son Seetharaman Palaniappan. Music was by Sankhar Ganesh.
 The 7 Adventures of Sinbad (previously The 7 Voyages of Sinbad) is a 2010 American film by The Asylum. As a mockbuster it attempts to capitalise on Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time and Clash of the Titans.
 After the Apocalypse is a 2004 science fiction black-and-white film about five survivors after World War III. A single woman and four men are forced to communicate without words because of destructive gasses from the war. They are forced to recreate their lives both individually and collectively. The film does not have any dialogue.
 Tum Bin - Love Will Find the Way (Hindi: तुम बिन meaning: Without You) is a 2001 Hindi movie directed by Anubhav Sinha. It starred Sandali Sinha Himanshu Malik Priyanshu Chatterjee and Rakesh Bapat. The film was a sleeper hit at the box office and the song Koi Fariyaad sung by legendary ghazal singer Jagjit Singh is considered one of the greatest ghazals in modern day Bollywood movies. Tum Bin is considered as one of the best Romantic film`s of Bollywood.
 Land Gold and Women is a documentary about the conditions of women in rural Pakistan. It chronicles the traditional use of ritual gang rape as a method of social control. Central to the film are the stories of Mukhtar Mai and Dr. Shazia Khalid. The documentary was first broadcast on 5 March 2006.
 Nagalingam is an Indian Tamil devotional film written and directed by Babu Ganesh who also starred in the titular role. The film which also starred Ravali Neena and Babloo Prithiveeraj in leading roles released on 23 June 2000.
 Frankenstein is a 2004 made-for-television USA Network production starring Thomas Kretschmann as Victor Helios (supposedly the man that the fictional character Victor Frankenstein was based on) and Vincent Pérez as his creature. It was produced by Martin Scorsese and based on Dean Koontz's version of Frankenstein. The film was originally intended as the pilot for an ongoing series but this was not successful.
 The New York Hat (1912) is a short silent film directed by D. W. Griffith from a screenplay by Anita Loos and starring Mary Pickford Lionel Barrymore and Lillian Gish.
 Triumph of Love (Italian: Il Trionfo dell'amore) is a 1938 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Paola Barbara.
 Top Floor Left Wing (Dernier étage gauche gauche) is a 2010 French comedy film. It won the Panorama FIPRESCI Award at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2011.
 Dharti Kahe Pukarke (Hindi: धरती कहे पुकारके; translation: Call of the Earth) is a 1969 Hindi language film produced under banner Vaishali Films by Deenanath Shastri and directed by Dulal Guha. Jeetendra Nanda Kanhaiyalal Durga Khote and Sanjeev Kumar play the lead with Tarun Bose Abhi Bhattacharya Jagdev Leela Mishra Asit Sen Manmohan A. K. Hangal and Amol Sen in the support cast. Laxmikant-Pyarelal scrored the music for this film with lyrics written by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 Jonah and the Pink Whale (Spanish: 'Jonás y la ballena rosada') is a 1995 Bolivian Film directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia. The film is based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci The film focuses on the relationship of Jonas a photographer and his romantic relationship with his sister-in-law.Jonah and the Pink Whale was the Bolivian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film competition in the 68th Academy Awards but it did not receive an Oscar nomination.
 My Week with Marilyn is a 2011 British drama film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Adrian Hodges. It stars Michelle Williams Kenneth Branagh Eddie Redmayne Dominic Cooper Julia Ormond Emma Watson and Judi Dench. Based on two books by Colin Clark it depicts the making of the 1957 film The Prince and the Showgirl which starred Marilyn Monroe (Williams) and Laurence Olivier (Branagh).
 Mary Queen of Scots is a 2013 Swiss drama film directed by Thomas Imbach. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Sipayi (Kannada: ಸಿಪಾಯಿ) is a Kannada film released in 1996 directed and produced by V. Ravichandran. This film starred Ravichandran Soundarya and Telugu star Chiranjeevi in an extended cameo appearance. Music and lyrics were composed by Hamsalekha.Ravichandran was a huge star in Kannada and persuaded megastars to be a part of the movie.
 All You Need Is Love – Meine Schwiegertochter ist ein Mann (English: My Daughter-In-Law Is A Man) is a German romantic comedy television film that first aired on November 3 2009 on the German channel Sat.1.The film deals with a young man who has sent news of his upcoming nuptials and his plans to get married in his hometown to his parents and the people of hometown he speaks of. However the woman they think he is going to bring with him is actually a man.
 Kambakht (Urdu: کمبخت‎ meaning Lost leader) is an upcoming Pakistani action comedy film directed by Hamza Ali Abbasi produced by Ayaad Ibrahim and Sharmeen Khan. Film stars Humayun Saeed Shafqat Cheema Sheheryar Munawar Siddiqui Sohai Ali Abro and others.
 Ontarjatra (Bengali : অর্ন্তযাত্রা Homeland) is a 2006 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud. Upon its release on 2006 the film achieved critical and commercial success. It won for Best Direction at International Film Festival Bangladesh in 2006. Special Jury Award at Osian's Cinefan Festival Delhi in 2006.
 Me at the Zoo (stylized as ME @ THE ZOO) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Chris Moukarbel and Valerie Veatch and starring Chris Crocker. Me at the Zoo takes a look at the young video blogger from a small town in Tennessee. The documentary delves into the life of Chris Crocker who was made famous on the internet through numerous public videos notably his video Leave Britney Alone which garnered mainstream media attention.
 In the Name of the Law (or In nome della legge) is a 1949 Italian language mafia drama film directed by Pietro Germi. It Is based on Giuseppe Guido Lo Schiavo's novel Piccola pretura. Federico Fellini co-wrote the script. The style of the film is close to Italian neorealism film movement.
 The Death of Poe is a 2006 independent film that tells the tragic story of the mysterious disappearance and death of the American author Edgar Allan Poe. The film is shot mostly in black-and-white with occasional color sequences.
 Malashree Mamashree (Kannada: ಮಾಲಾಶ್ರೀ ಮಾಮಾಶ್ರೀ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ramanath starring Sunil Malashri Tara Mukhyamantri Chandru and Balaraj in the lead roles. The film was produced by Dynamic film makers.
 Cannes Man is a 1996 independent comedy film directed and composed by Richard Martini. The film stars Seymour Cassel and Francesco Quinn. The film also features more than 15 famous Hollywood actors (mostly cameo) including Johnny Depp Jon Cryer Benicio del Toro John Malkovich Dennis Hopper Kevin Pollak Jim Jarmusch and Chris Penn. Martini also has the uncredited role as Director. Film was released as Direct-to-DVD in many countries.
 Sa majesté Minor (English title: His Majesty Minor) is a French-Spanish feature film by French director Jean-Jacques Annaud. It is his third film shot entirely in his native language of French since his 1976 Oscar-winning début Black and White in Color and 1978 Coup de tête featuring Patrick Dewaere.
 Come Back Africa (1959) is the second feature-length film after On the Bowery (1956) written produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin.The film had a profound effect on African Cinema and remains of great historical and cultural importance as a document preserving the unique heritage of the townships in South Africa in the 1950s. It may be classified as reportage documentary historical movie or political cinema since it portrays real events and people.
 Khel – No Ordinary Game (English: The Game) is a 2003 Bollywood Action film directed by Yusuf Khan. The film stars Sunny Deol Suniel Shetty and Celina Jaitley in lead roles. Former Indian cricketer Ajay Jadeja makes his Bollywood debut playing an important supporting role in the film. It was released on 02 october 2003.
 The Little Polar Bear 2 - The Mysterious Island (German: Der Kleine Eisbär 2 – Die Geheimnisvolle Insel) is a 2005 German animation film. It is a sequel to The Little Polar Bear from 2001.
 East Meets West is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring George Arliss Lucie Mannheim Godfrey Tearle and John Laurie. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in London. The film's art direction was by Oscar Friedrich Werndorff.
 Beau Sabreur is a 1928 American silent film directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper and Evelyn Brent. Based on the novel Beau Sabreur by P. C. Wren who also wrote Beau Geste the film is about a desert-bound member of the French Foreign Legion who exposes a betrayer to the Legion and is then sent on a mission among the Arabs to conclude the signing of a crucial peace treaty.
 Violent Cop is a low-budget 2000 Hong Kong cop thriller directed by Kant Leung Wang Fat.
 Centurians [sic] of Rome is a 1981 gay pornographic film directed by John Christopher starring George Payne and Scorpio. This film was reportedly financed from a 1980 theft by a Brink's security guard of almost $2 million. Lloyd's of London an insurer of Brinks filed claim to partial ownership of this pornographic film
 Classe mista (internationally released as Coeds) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.
 Think Tank is a comedy feature film written and directed by the Brian Petersen star of MTV's Sportblender. The film was produced by Chris Wyatt and Sean Covel (Napoleon Dynamite Beneath). It was released theatrically by Conservative Films & Entertainment on DVD by Monarch Home Video broadcast on US cable by Starz and available online through Netflix's Watch Instantly feature.
 The Street Singer is a 1937 British musical film directed by Jean de Marguenat and starring Margaret Lockwood Arthur Tracy and Arthur Riscoe A famous musician is mistaken for a street singer.
 From Corleone to Brooklyn (original title: Da Corleone a Brooklyn) is an Italian crime thriller directed by Umberto Lenzi. The film was released in Italy on April 13 1979 and stars Maurizio Merli Mario Merola and Van Johnson.
 The Kid Stakes is a 1927 Australian silent black and white comedy film written and directed by Tal Ordell.The screenplay is based on characters created by Syd Nicholls in his comic strip Fatty Finn.
 The Barnyard is a 1923 film featuring Oliver Hardy and directed by Larry Semon.
 The Bodybuilder and I is a feature-length documentary film written and directed by Bryan Friedman taking viewers on a journey into the subculture of geriatric bodybuilding as the filmmaker tries to reconnect with his father. The film is co-produced by January Films and the National Film Board of Canada.
 Test Pilot is a 1938 film directed by Victor Fleming starring Clark Gable Myrna Loy and Spencer Tracy and featuring Lionel Barrymore. The film tells the story of a daredevil test pilot (Gable) his wife (Loy) and his best friend (Tracy). Test Pilot was written by Howard Hawks Vincent Lawrence John Lee Mahin Frank Wead and Waldemar Young. The screenplay was largely based on an original story by former naval aviator Wead.
 Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham is an upcoming Indian Tamil action comedy film directed by comedian Srinath which is a remake of S. S. Rajamouli's successful 2010 Telugu film Maryada Ramanna. The film is jointly produced by PVP Cinema and Santhanam who stars in the lead role himself alongside newcomer Ashna Zaveri. The film is set to release on 1 May 2014.
 Daybreak is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Albert Capellani. The film is considered to be lost.
 Aimee Semple McPherson (2006) is a feature length dramatic biopic about evangelist Sister Aimee Semple McPherson.The cast includes Mimi Michaels Rance Howard and Kiera Chaplin. Richard Rossi wrote directed and also acted in the film. Rossi shot the film with a $300 consumer camcorder. The movie has a jittery sepia-toned 1920s motif employing silent film cards and a period look with a contemporary documentary style.
 From Time to Time is a 2009 British adventure film directed by Julian Fellowes and starring Maggie Smith Timothy Spall Carice van Houten Alex Etel Eliza Bennett Elisabeth Dermot-Walsh Dominic West Hugh Bonneville Kwayedza Kureya and Pauline Collins. It was adapted from Lucy M. Boston's 1958 children's novel The Chimneys of Green Knowe. The film was shot in Athelhampton Hall Dorset.
 Little Girl... Big Tease was a 1977 softcore sexploitation film directed by Robert Mittrotti and produced by Robert F. Colesberry.
 The Roses of the Desert (Italian: Le rose del deserto) is an Italian film released in 2006. It was directed by Mario Monicelli and was loosely inspired by the romance Il deserto della Libia of Mario Tobino.
 Eggs is a 1995 Norwegian comedy film by Bent Hamer. It was awarded the 1995 Amanda for Best Norwegian film. It was also entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Once Upon ay Time in Mumbai Dobaara! (Hindustani pronunciation: [d̪oːbaːra]; Once Upon A Time In Mumbai Again; abbreviated OUATIMD previously known as Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai Again) is a 2013 Indian gangster film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor.
 Stagecoach to Fury is a 1956 Western film starring Forrest Tucker as Frank Townsend. The first film from Robert L. Lippert's Regal films it was nominated for an Academy Award for black-and-white cinematography.Others in the film include Wallace Ford as Judge Lester Farrell Ellen Corby as Sarah Farrell Wright King as Ralph Slader Paul Fix as Tim O'Connors and Rodolfo Hoyos Jr. as Lorenzo Gracia.
 Blinded (original French title: A ciegas) is a 1997 romantic thriller directed and written by Daniel Calparsoro. The film's director Daniel Calparsoro was nominated for the Golden Lion award at the 1997 Venice International Film Festival but lost to Takeshi Kitano's romantic film Hana-bi.
 Yasoda Krishna (Telugu: యశోదకృష్ణ) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao. Baby Sridevi acted as Bala Krishna and Ramakrisha as Lord Krishna Jamuna as Yasoda and S. V. Ranga Rao as Kamsa.
 The Vigilantes Are Coming is a 1936 American Republic film serial. It was the third of the sixty six serials made by Republic Pictures (and the third released in 1936).This serial was filmed between 28 May and 17 June 1936 under the working title of The Vigilantes. It was released two months later on 22 August 1936 under the final title. In the early 1950s the serial was re-edited into six 26½ minute episodes for television.
 The 13th Man is a 1937 American mystery film directed by William Nigh and starring Weldon Heyburn Inez Courtney and Selmer Jackson. The film is also known as The Thirteenth Man. It was the first film released by the relaunched Monogram Pictures after the studio withdrew from a merger with Republic Pictures.
 The Virgin and the Macho Man (Portuguese: A Virgem e o Machão) is a 1974 Brazilian sex comedy film directed by José Mojica Marins under the pseudonym J. Avelar. It is also Marins' first film in the pornochanchada genre.
 Yella is a 2007 German film directed by Christian Petzold.
 Anubandham is a 1985 Malayalam drama film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by I. V. Sasi. It stars Mammootty Seema Mohanlal and Shobana.
 A Separation (Persian: جدایی نادر از سیمین‎ Jodái-e Náder az Simin The Separation of Nader from Simin) is a 2011 Iranian drama film written and directed by Asghar Farhadi starring Leila Hatami Peyman Moaadi Shahab Hosseini Sareh Bayat and Sarina Farhadi.
 Lulu (Italian: Lulù) is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Fernando Cerchio.
 Wilhelm Pieck – Das Leben unseres Präsidenten is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Los cuatro Juanes is a 1966 Mexican drama film directed by Miguel Zacarías.
 This article is about the 1932 movie. For the book see I Am a Fugitive from a Georgia Chain Gang!I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang (1932) is a Pre-Code crime/drama film starring Paul Muni as a wrongfully convicted convict on a chain gang who escapes to Chicago. The film was written by Howard J. Green and Brown Holmes from Robert Elliott Burns's autobiography I Am a Fugitive from a Georgia Chain Gang! that was serialised in True Detective magazine.
 Donsol is an indie film written and directed by Adolfo Alix Jr. about a summer love made in the island of Donsol. The movie produced by Bicycle Pictures stars Sid Lucero and Angel Aquino.
 Dead And Deader is a zombie horror film directed by Patrick Dinhut and stars Dean Cain Guy Torry Peter Greene and Susan Ward with cameos from Armin Shimerman John Billingsley and Dean Haglund.
 Love Under the Sun (愛在陽光下) is a 2003 Hong Kong musical short film directed by Andy Lau. It depicts an evening ball in which a rumor spreads among the guests that one among them has contracted AIDS. The film was meant to raise awareness about AIDS and dispel common misconceptions regarding its contagiousness. It features an all-star cast of Hong Kong cinema actors and Cantopop singers. The music is mostly arranged from Classical works such as Für Elise and Carmen with added or changed lyrics.
 Please Do Not Disturb (Persian: Lotfan mozahem nashavid‎) is a 2010 tri-segmented Iranian anthology film written and directed by Mohsen Abdolvahab starring Baran Kosari in the lead role. It is produced and cinematographed by Mohammad Ahmadi. It is Abdolvahab's first full length feature film.It was critically well acclaimed and has won many accolades including the Silver Award at the 18th Damascus International Film Festival.
 Astral City: A Spiritual Journey (also known as Nosso Lar) is a 2010 Brazilian drama film directed by Wagner de Assis based on the book of the same name by alleged medium Francisco Cândido Xavier. It is distributed by 20th Century Fox and features a soundtrack composed by Philip Glass.Andre Luiz the main character of the story is played by Renato Prieto.
 Tarzan's Peril is a 1951 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan and Virginia Huston as Jane and featuring Dorothy Dandridge as Melmendi Queen of the Ashuba. Some of it was shot in Kenya making it the first Tarzan movie to be filmed in Africa though the majority of its location shooting was done in the United States. Critics praised the convincing integration of the African and American footage.
 Population 436 is a 2006 mystery-horror film starring Jeremy Sisto Fred Durst Peter Outerbridge and Charlotte Sullivan.
 The Walker is a 2007 American-British drama film written and directed by Paul Schrader. It is an independent production and is the latest installment in Schrader's night workers series of films starting with Taxi Driver in 1976 followed by American Gigolo in 1980 and Light Sleeper in 1992.
 Y2K – A World in Crisis is a 1999 documentary television series produced by Studio W and Warren Chaney Productions for network and cable broadcast. The series was written and directed by Warren Chaney and starred Hugh O'Brian Dick Van Patten Richard Anderson Richard Roundtree and Deborah Winters. It was filmed in Los Angeles Houston Washington D.C.
 Drive-Thru is a 2007 American horror comedy film directed by Brendan Cowles and Shane Kuhn starring Leighton Meester and Nicholas D'Agosto. It is set in Orange County California and involves a serial killing clown mascot Horny the Clown. The film was released on May 29 2007.
 Catherine the Great is a 1995 television movie based on the life of Catherine II of Russia. It stars Catherine Zeta-Jones as Catherine Jeanne Moreau as Empress Elizabeth and Omar Sharif as Alexis Razumovsky.The film was released on Region 1 DVD on February 27 2001 by A&E Home Video.
 Wide Open (1930) is a pre-Code romantic comedy film released by Warner Bros. and based on the novel The Narrow Street by Edward Bateman Morris. Edward Everett Horton has a rare leading role opposite Patsy Ruth Miller.
 Baba Sathya Sai is an upcoming Indian film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna. starring Malayalam 'Popular Star' Dileep
 Do Jasoos is a 1975 Hindi film. Produced and directed by Naresh Kumar the film stars Raj Kapoor Rajendra Kumar Aruna Irani Prem Chopra Farida Jalal and Asit Sen. The music is by Ravindra Jain.
 Hardly Working is a comedy film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It was filmed in 1979 and was released in Europe in 1980 and in the United States on April 3 1981 through 20th Century Fox.
 The Indian in the Cupboard is a 1995 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Frank Oz. It was based on the children's book of the same name by Lynne Reid Banks. The story is about a boy who receives a cupboard as a gift on his ninth birthday.
 Stand by Me is a 1986 American coming of age drama comedy film directed by Rob Reiner. Based on the novella The Body by Stephen King the title is derived from the Ben E. King song of the same name which plays over the end credits. The films tells the story of four boys who go on a hike across the countryside to find the missing body of a dead kid.
 A Place for Annie is a 1994 Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie that stars Sissy Spacek Mary-Louise Parker and Joan Plowright. Directed by John Gray the 191st presentation aired on the ABC network on May 1 1994.
 Desperate Search is a 1952 adventure film directed by Joseph H. Lewis from a novel by Arthur Mayse. It starred Howard Keel Jane Greer Patricia Medina and Keenan Wynn in a drama revolving around two lost children in the Canadian north.
 FC Venus is a 2005 Finnish romantic comedy film directed by Joona Tena.A German remake of the film was released in 2006.
 The Honor of the Family is an 1912 American silent short drama film featuring Lon Chaney in what some film historians believe is his first onscreen role. In his book The Films of Lon Chaney (2001) author Michael F. Blake contends that Chaney did not appear in the film. The film is now considered lost.
 Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at the House of Mouse is the first direct-to-video movie spin off from the Disney Channel animated television series Disney's House of Mouse.
 Konservy (2007) (Tins Russian: Консервы) is a film about a journalist who possesses information on uranium sales and is set up by his enemies and sent to prison.
 Fanny and Alexander (Swedish: Fanny och Alexander) is a 1982 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. The plot focuses on two siblings and their large family in Uppsala Sweden in 1910. It was originally conceived as a four-part TV movie and cut in that version spanning 312 minutes; a 188-minute cut version was created later for cinematic release although this version was in fact the one to be released first.
 Maujaan Dubai Diyaan is a 1985 Punjabi-language Indian feature film directed by Subhash C. Bhakri starring Vinod Mehra Bhavana Bhatt Madhu Malini Aruna Irani Ranjeet Iftekhar Kaajal Kiran and Mithun ChakrabortyMithun Chakraborty ... Sher Singh
 Strictly in the Groove is a 1942 American musical comedy film built around musical numbers experienced comedy acts and guest stars. The plot thread a jive-talking college student (Davies) trying to organize a swing-music show at a local resort where the manager (Franklin Pangborn) puts up some opposition. Compare to the similar 1945 Rockin' in the Rockies from Columbia which Keays also directed.
 Ulysses' Gaze (Greek: Το βλέμμα του Οδυσσέα translit. To Vlemma tou Odyssea) is a 1995 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos. The actor Gian Maria Volonté died during the filming. He was replaced by Erland Josephson.
 Bert Rigby You're a Fool is a 1989 American musical film directed by Carl Reiner and starring Robert Lindsay in the title role.
 Pudhu Vasantham is a 1990 Indian Tamil film directed by Vikraman making his directorial debut starring Murali Anand Babu Raja Charle and Sithara in lead roles. The film produced by R. B. Choudary and R. Mohan had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 14 April 1990. The film was remade in Kannada as Shruthi with Sunil Honnavalli Krishna Indudhar Srivathsa Shruthi Dileep.
 The Silver Whip is a 1953 Western film starring Rory Calhoun Dale Robertson and Robert Wagner.
 The Ghost (German: Das Gespenst) is a 1982 West German drama film directed by and starring Herbert Achternbusch. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Strange Confession (1945) is an Inner Sanctum mystery film released by Universal Pictures and starring Lon Chaney Jr. J. Carrol Naish and Brenda Joyce. The movie was directed by John Hoffman and was later rereleased under the title The Missing Head. The Inner Sanctum franchise originated with a popular radio series.
 Yo Ho Ho (Bulgarian: Йо-хо-хо translit. Jo-ho-ho) is a 1981 Bulgarian drama film directed by Zako Heskiya and written by Valeri Petrov. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize. The 2006 film The Fall by Tarsem Singh is based on Yo Ho Ho.
 The Man at Six is a 1931 British mystery film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Anne Grey Lester Matthews and Gerald Rawlinson. A butler is found murdered in an unfurnished mansion house.
 Kaydyacha Bola is a Marathi movie released on 4 November 2005. It is inspired by the Hollywood movie My Cousin Vinny. The movie is produced by Dr. Uday Tamhankar and directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni. The movie is based on two wrongly accused youngsters whose only lifeline is their clumsy uncle who has to go up against an undefeated prosecutor.
 No Place to Hide is a 1981 made-for-TV psychological thriller directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. The film is based on an unpublished story by Harriet Steinberg and stars Mariette Hartley Kathleen Beller and Keir Dullea.
 Stella's Favor originally Mi fai un favore is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Giancarlo Scarchilli.
 Alucarda (Spanish title: Alucarda la hija de las tinieblas or Alucarda the daughter of darkness) is a 1978 Mexican horror film directed by Juan López Moctezuma and starring Tina Romero in the title role. Often thought to be based on the 1872 novella Carmilla it revolves around two teenage orphan girls living in a Catholic convent who unleash a demonic force and become possessed by Satan.
 Love Kill Kill (ラブキルキル Rabu kiru kiru) is a 2004 Japanese pink film (softcore pornographic theatrical film) directed by Shinya Nishimura. It was the second film in Eurospace's Eros Bancho series.
 Il vento fa il suo giro is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Giorgio Diritti.
 Candy Stripe Nurses is a 1974 film starring Candice Rialson. It was the last in the popular nurses cycle of films for New World Pictures that started with The Student Nurses (1970).
 The Horror of It All is a 1963 horror comedy film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Pat Boone and Erica Rogers.
 ¡Que viene mi marido! (That's My Husband!) is a 1940 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Chaindance is a 1990 Canadian drama film. The film stars Michael Ironside Brad Dourif Rae Dawn Chong and Don S. Davis as Sergeant.
 Speer und Er (literally Speer and He released as Speer and Hitler: The Devil's Architect) is a three-part German docudrama starring Sebastian Koch as Albert Speer and Tobias Moretti as Adolf Hitler.
 Houseboat Horror is an Australian slasher film released to video in 1989.The movie's ending is left open for a sequel which never eventuated.
 Call Me Crazy: A Five Film is a made-for-television film which was first aired on Lifetime on April 20 2013.
 King of the Congo was the 48th serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was based on the comic book character Thun'da created by Frank Frazetta.
 Dhill (English: Guts/Courage) is a 2001 Tamil action film directed by Dharani. The film stars Vikram and Laila in the lead roles while Ashish Vidyarthi Nassar and Vivek play supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Vidyasagar while Gopinath handled the camera work. The film released in July 2001 to positive reviews and box office success.
 Mountain Justice is a 1937 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Get Yourself a College Girl is a 1964 Metrocolor film comedy in the style of a beach party movie. The plot involves a college co-ed who tries to balance her time writing songs and dealing with her publisher who tries to pursue her. It was directed by Sidney Miller and written by Robert E.
 He Who Rides a Tiger is a 1965 British crime drama directed by Charles Crichton and starring Tom Bell and Judi Dench based on the real-life cat-burglar Peter Scott.
 London Belongs to Me (also known as Dulcimer Street) is a British film released in 1948 directed by Sidney Gilliat and starring Richard Attenborough and Alastair Sim. It was based on the novel London Belongs to Me by Norman Collins. The same story was made into a seven-part series by Thames Television in 1977.
 Mooch Goes to Hollywood is a 1971 television movie about an ambitious dog and her attempts to become a canine star after befriending Zsa Zsa Gabor who provides the pooch with the skinny on the ins and outs of achieving Hollywood fame. The 55-minute-long film was directed by Richard Erdman and co-written by Jim Backus who also stars in the film as himself.
 Death by Dialogue is a 1988 horror film co-written and directed by Thomas Dewier and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Matou a Família e Foi ao Cinema (English: Killed the Family and Went to the Movies) is a Brazilian film directed by Neville de Almeida and released in 1991. It is a remake of the original 1969 film directed by Júlio Bressane.
 Kaidan (怪談 Kaidan) is a 2007 Japanese horror film directed by Hideo Nakata of two young people who fall in love but they're hounded by the ghost of a murdered moneylender who seeks revenge which leaves a lasting effect on the couple.
 The Jackals of a Great City is a 1916 American silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Hole in the Moon (Hebrew: חור בלבנה; Hor B'Levana) is an 1964 Israeli avant-garde-satiric movie directed by Uri Zohar.The film was heavily influenced by the French New Wave particularly the films of Jean-Luc Godard. It was a response to the Zionist dramas of the 1950s and satirizes the form by showing the production of one of these films. Hole in the Moon is an avant-garde film incorporating elements of metacinema and direct commentary on narrative cinema itself.
 Case Closed: Crossroad in the Ancient Capital known as Detective Conan: Crossroad in the Ancient Capital (名探偵コナン 迷宮の十字路) in Japan is the seventh Case Closed feature film released on April 19 2003. The movie brought a box office income of 3.2 billion yen.
 Numafung (Film 2004) is a Nepalese Limbu cultural movie that portrays the culture and tradition of Limbu community. It is directed by Nabin Subba. The lead characters in the movie are Anupama Subba Niwahangma Limbu Prem Subba Alok Newang Ramesh Singhak. It translates as beautiful flower in Limbu language. The majority of shooting took place at Panchthar and Sikkim.
 Ladies vs Ricky Bahl is a 2011 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Maneesh Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra. The film stars Ranveer Singh opposite Anushka Sharma in lead roles along with Dipannita Sharma Aditi Sharma and debutant Parineeti Chopra. In the film Ranveer plays a conman named Ricky Bahl who cons women until three of these women unite to con him back. This story is inspired by the Hollywood movie John Tucker Must Die.
 Careless Love is a 2012 Australian film from John Duigan about a university student who works as a prostitute.It was Duigan's first movie in Australia for a number of years. It was made entirely with private finance and took 30 days to shoot.
 Piume al vento is a 1951 Italian film.
 Daughters Daughters (Hebrew: Abu el Banat‎) is a 1973 Israeli film directed by Moshé Mizrahi. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 For Love or Money is a 1963 romantic comedy film starring Kirk Douglas Mitzi Gaynor and Thelma Ritter.
 Suspended Animation is a 2001 film directed by John D. Hancock.
 Radiografías is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Thou Art the Man (1920) is an American silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. Thomas N. Heffron directed the film which starred stage and matinee idol Robert Warwick and Lois Wilson. It is based on a novel Myles Calthrope I.D.B by F. E. Mills Young with a screenplay by Margaret Turnbull. This is considered to be a lost film.
 Bandits vs. Samurai Squadron (雲霧仁左衛門 Kumokiri nizaemon) is a 1978 Japanese film directed by Hideo Gosha.
 Pyjamas Preferred is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Val Valentine and starring Betty Amann Kenneth Kove and Jay Laurier. In France the husband of a purity league leader runs a shady nightclub. It was based on the play The Red Dog by J.O. Twiss.
 Kath & Kimderella is a 2012 Australian film. It is a spin-off of the hit television series Kath & Kim created by Gina Riley and Jane Turner. The film was released on 23 May 2013 in Australia on Blu-ray and DVD via Roadshow Entertainment. The film made its premiere on Australian television just five days after airing on the Seven Network on 28 May.
 Robert and Bertram (German: Robert und Bertram) is a 1961 West German comedy film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Willy Millowitsch Vico Torriani and Trude Herr. It was inspired by the characters in Gustav Raeder's 1856 play Robert and Bertram update to the modern era. Two vagabonds Robert and Bertram are hired by a shoe company to walk 500 kilometres to test their new product.
 The Grub-Stake is a 1923 action adventure film produced by and starring Nell Shipman. It was directed by Shipman's partner Bert Van tuyle. It is considered an independent film.
 Lost Stallions: The Journey Home is a 2008 family/drama film directed by David Rotan and starring Mickey Rooney.
 Modena città dell'Emilia Rossa is a 1950 Italian documentary film directed by Carlo Lizzani.
 Kicking the Germ Out of Germany is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is presumed to be lost.
 Duel at Ichijoji Temple (続宮本武蔵　一乗寺の決闘 Zoku Miyamoto Musashi: Ichijōji no Kettō) is a color (Eastmancolor) 1955 Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki starring Toshiro Mifune. It is the second film of the Samurai Trilogy. The film is adapted from Eiji Yoshikawa's novel Musashi.
 Under the Yoke is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. Based on the short story Maria of the Roses by George Scarborough the film is now considered lost.
 Joy Ride 2: Dead Ahead also known as Roadkill 2 is a 2008 American thriller film. Released in October 2008. It is a direct-to-DVD sequel to the 2001 film Joy Ride. The film was directed by Louis Morneau and starring Nicki Aycox Nick Zano Laura Jordan Kyle Schmid and Mark Gibbon as Rusty Nail.The film was released on DVD on October 7 2008 in the United States and opened at #9 at the DVD sales chart making $1492635 off 62000 sold DVD units.
 Sarah Prefers to Run (French: Sarah préfère la course) is a 2013 Canadian drama film written and directed by Chloé Robichaud.It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It won the Women in Film & Television Vancouver Artistic Merit Award at the 2013 Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Promise the Moon is a 1997 film by Kevin Sullivan based on the book The Four Arrows Fe-As-Ko by Randall Beth Platt. The script was adapted by Kevin Sullivan and Peter Behrens and directed by Ken Jubenvill.The film won a Gemini Award for Best Costume Design.
 Portrait of Hell (地獄変 Jigoku-hen 1969) is a Japanese jidaigeki (period drama) film directed by Shirō Toyoda and starring Tatsuya Nakadai and Kinnosuke Nakamura. It is based on the 1918 short story Hell Screen by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa.
 Under the Hula Moon is an action comedy film from 1995 directed by Jeff Celentano. It features the talents of Stephen Baldwin Emily Lloyd Chris Penn and Musetta Vander.
 La Rabona is a 1979 Argentine film.
 The Wounds (Serbian: Ране Rane) is a 1998 Serbian drama film written and directed by Srđan Dragojević.It depicts the violent lives of two boys in Belgrade as they aspire to make names for themselves in the city's underworld.
 Christopher Columbus: The Discovery a 1992 historical film directed by James Bond alumnus John Glen.
 Sky Full of Moon is a 1952 film.
 I Will I Will... for Now is a 1976 film directed by Norman Panama. It stars Elliott Gould and Diane Keaton.
 Fuego en la sangre is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Unfair World (Greek: Άδικος Κόσμος translit. Adikos kosmos) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Filippos Tsitos.Tsitos won the award for Best Director and Antonis Kafetzopoulos won the award for Best Actor at the San Sebastián International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. The film also won the Best Film award at the 3rd Hellenic Film Academy Awards.
 Soldiers of the King is a 1933 British historical comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Cicely Courtneidge Edward Everett Horton and Anthony Bushell. It was Courtneidge's fourth film and the first she appeared in without her husband Jack Hulbert. Courtneidge plays the matriarch of a music hall family in a plot that switches between the Victorian era and the 1930s present. Filming began in August 1932. It was shot at Islington Beaconsfield and Welwyn Studios.
 Palangal (Malayalam: പാളങ്ങൾ) is a 1982 Malayalam film written by John Paul Puthusery and directed by Bharathan starring Nedumudi Venu Zarina Wahab Bharath Gopi and Shankar. Film's plot is a love story of a man who works in railway lines and a woman who lost his lover in railway lines. Majority of the film was shot in Shornur due to the persistence of Bharathan as he always wants to hear the siren of the trains in the whole film.
 Playmates is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 4bia or Phobia (Thai: สี่แพร่ง; RTGS: Si Phraeng; literally Four crossroads) is a 2008 Thai horror film in four parts directed by Youngyooth Thongkonthun Banjong Pisanthanakun Parkpoom Wongpoom and Paween Purijitpanya.
 Destiny (Arabic: المصير‎ translit. Al-massir) is a 1997 French-Egyptian historical drama film directed by Youssef Chahine. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.The film is about Averroes a 12th-century philosopher from Muslim-controlled Andalusia who would be known as the most important commentator on Aristotle.
 All I Desire is a 1953 drama film directed by Douglas Sirk starring Barbara Stanwyck as an actress who returns to visit her husband and children after having run off years before. It is based on the novel Stopover by Carol Ryrie Brink.
 Scotched in Scotland is the 158th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Juego de niños (English title: A Child's Play) is a 1995 Mexican horror film made on analog video from the then experimental era of Mexican director Leopoldo Laborde.
 Chervona Ruta is a 1971 Soviet Ukrainian musical film written by Miroslav Skochilyas and directed by Roman Oleksiv starring Sofia Rotaru and Vasyl Zinkevych alongside popular Soviet Ukrainian ensembles.
 The Classroom of Terror also known as Violent Classroom (暴力教室 Bōryoku kyōshitsu) is a 1976 Japanese film directed by Akihisa Okamoto (岡本明久). It was Hiroshi Tachi's first starring role.
 Gonza the Spearman (近松門左衛門　鑓の権三 Yari no gonza) is a 1986 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 December Heat (Estonian: Detsembrikuumus) is a 2008 historic action drama film about the 1924 Estonian coup d'état attempt directed by Asko Kase and starring Sergo Vares.
 Fool's Luck is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Always Outnumbered is a television film based on the novel Always Outnumbered Always Outgunned by author Walter Mosley. It first aired on pay television channel HBO in 1998.
 Het Proces Begeer is a 1918 Dutch silent drama film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 In the Line of Fire is a 1993 American suspense-crime thriller film directed by Wolfgang Petersen and starring Clint Eastwood as Agent Frank Horrigan and John Malkovich as assassin Mitch Leary. Written by Jeff Maguire the film is about a disillusioned and obsessed former CIA agent who attempts to assassinate the President of the United States and the Secret Service agent who tracks him. Eastwood's character is the sole active-duty Secret Service agent remaining from the detail guarding John F.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called: The Hero of Kinpoko (クレヨンしんちゃん ちょー嵐を呼ぶ 金矛の勇者 Kureyon Shinchan: chou arashi wo yobu! kinpoko no yuusha) is a 2008 anime film. It is the 16th film based on the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan. The film was released to theatres on April 19 2008 in Japan.
 Iris the Movie (Hangul: 아이리스: 더 무비; RR: Airiseu: deo mubi) is a 2010 South Korean spy action film.As part of the first Korean production that shot a television drama and feature-length film simultaneously (Kim Kyu-tae was in charge of the TV segments and Yang Yun-ho in charge of the film segments) the TV series IRIS was a hit when it aired on KBS2 in 2009 with ratings of 30%.
 Krazana (Georgian: კრაზანა) is a 1928 Georgian black-and-white silent film directed by Kote Marjanishvili. It is based on the 1897 novel The Gadfly by Ethel Lilian Voynich.Krazana means wasp in Georgian language.
 Super Seven Calling Cairo or Superseven chiama Cairo is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Umberto Lenzi and filmed in Egypt. It is directly inspired by James Bond.
 The Iceman Cometh is a 1960 television production of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title. Two separate parts were originally broadcast as episodes of Play of the Week in National Educational Television (NET).
 Empires of the Deep is a 3D action-adventure fantasy film described by the production team as an unlikely love story between a young human and a mermaid... set in a mythical world against the backdrop of a war among the titular 'empires of the deep.' It is reported to be a major US-Chinese co-production its production budget reaching $130 million. The film is currently in post-production and seeking worldwide distribution.
 Out of the Dark also known as Wui wan yeh (回魂夜; lit. Night of Returning Soul) is a 1995 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau starring Stephen Chow and Karen Mok.
 Agostino is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It was filmed in Rome and Venice.The film is based on a successful short novel of the same name by Alberto Moravia who had collaborated with Bolognini on his previous film From a Roman Balcony.
 The Green Butchers (Danish: De grønne slagtere) is a 2003 Danish film starring Mads Mikkelsen Nikolaj Lie Kaas and Line Kruse written and directed by Anders Thomas Jensen. It is a black comedy featuring two butchers Svend Sweat and Bjarne who start their own shop to get away from their arrogant boss. Cannibalism is soon introduced to the plot and further complications arise due to the reappearance of Bjarne's mentally challenged twin brother Eigil.
 Merry-Go-Round (Turkish: Atlıkarınca) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by İlksen Başarır which tells the story of a family dealing with incest. The film which is the second collaboration between writer-director İlksen Başarır and co-writer Mert Fırat following the former's award-winning directorial debut film Love in Another Language (Turkish: Başka Dilde Aşk) was selected for the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival.
 Man Ki Aankhen is 1970 Bollywood film directed Raghunath Jhalani.
 Providence is a French/Swiss 1977 film directed by Alain Resnais and starring Dirk Bogarde David Warner Ellen Burstyn Elaine Stritch and John Gielgud. The film won the 1978 César Award for Best Film.
 Donald in Mathmagic Land is a 27-minute Donald Duck educational featurette released on June 26 1959. It was directed by Hamilton Luske. Contributors included Disney artists John Hench and Art Riley voice talent Paul Frees and scientific expert Heinz Haber who had worked on the Disney space shows. It was released on a bill with Darby O'Gill and the Little People. In 1959 it was nominated for an Academy Award (Best Documentary - Short Subjects).
 Pagli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 In the Shadow (Czech: Ve stínu) is a 2012 Czech crime film directed by David Ondříček. The film was selected as the Czech entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Whale (Bulgarian: Кит / Kit) is a 1970 Bulgarian satirical comedy film directed by Petar B. Vasilev and written by Cheremuhin. The film stars Georgi Kaloyanchev Dimitar Panov Georgi Partsalev Grigor Vachkov and Tsvyatko Nikolov.This film had one of the most scandalous and at the same time mythological destiny in the history of the Bulgarian cinema.
 Tears for Sale also known internationally as Charleston & Vendetta or also as Funeral Brides (original title in Serbian: Чарлстон за Огњенку Čarlston za Ognjenku literal translation Charleston for Ognjenka French: Charleston et Vendetta) is a Serbian drama film.Directed by Uroš Stojanović it stars Sonja Kolačarić Katarina Radivojević Nenad Jezdić Stefan Kapičić and Olivera Katarina.It was released in Serbia following a January 30 2008 premiere at Belgrade's Sava Centar.
 Billy the Kid is a 1941 American color remake of the 1930 film of the same name. The film features Robert Taylor as Billy and Brian Donlevy as a fictionalized version of Pat Garrett renamed Jim Sherwood in the film. Directed by David Miller and based on the book by Walter Noble Burns the cast also included Gene Lockhart and Lon Chaney Jr..
 Dice (2001) is a Canada/UK co-produced drama television mini-series. It was directed by Rachel Talalay and written by A. L. Kennedy and John Burnside inspired by cult 70s novel The Dice Man by Luke Rhinehart.
 Agent Vinod a 2012 Indian action spy thriller film directed by Sriram Raghavan and written by Sriram Raghavan and Arijit Biswas. The movie borrows its name from the 1977 film of the same name. The film stars Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor in leading roles and also features Ravi Kishan Prem Chopra Ram Kapoor Gulshan Grover Maryam Zakaria and the film debut of Anshuman Ajai Singh. It was filmed in India Morocco Russia Latvia UK Pakistan and South Africa.
 Las Aventuras del Capitán Piluso en el castillo del terror (The Adventures of Captain Piluso in the Castle of Terror) is a 1963 black-and-white Argentine family comedy film directed by Francis Lauric and written by Humberto Ortiz. The film starred Alberto Olmedo and Humberto Ortiz.
 Curse of the Pink Panther is a 1983 comedy film the eighth installment of the The Pink Panther series of films started by Blake Edwards in the early 1960s. The film was one of two produced concurrently following the death of the series' star Peter Sellers.
 Endless Desire (果てしなき欲望 Hateshinaki yokubo) is a 1958 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. This was Imamura's third film as director. Imamura had wanted to film his own project but Nikkatsu assigned him this light comedy instead.
 Under the Lighthouse Dancing is a 1997 Australian romantic drama film directed by Graeme Rattigan based on a true story.
 The Magician (French: Le Magicien; Star Film Catalogue no. 153.) is a 1898 French short black-and-white silent trick film directed by Georges Méliès featuring a wizard a Pierrot and a sculptor in a rapid series of jump cuts. The film is another exercise in the art of the jump-cut according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline in the tradition of Georges Méliès' earlier A Nightmare (Le Cauchemar 1896) and The Haunted Castle (Le Château hanté 1897).
 The Covenant is a 2006 American action supernatural thriller film written by J. S. Cardone directed by Renny Harlin and starring Steven Strait Taylor Kitsch Toby Hemingway Chace Crawford Sebastian Stan Laura Ramsey and Jessica Lucas. Despite a positive fan base the film was a critical failure with a 3% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
 The Blood Spattered Bride (Spanish: La Novia Ensangrentada translation: The Bloody Bride) is a 1972 Spanish horror film written and directed by Vicente Aranda based on the vampire story Carmilla by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu. It stars Simón Andreu Maribel Martín and Alexandra Bastedo. The film attained cult film status for its mix of horror vampirism rejection of fascism and progressive ideas on gender and sexuality. A well-known U.S.
 Mera Dharam is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bapu and produced by Ratan Irani. It stars Jackie Shroff and Amrita Singh in pivotal roles.
 Jappeloup is a 2013 French film directed by Christian Duguay. In January 2014 Lou de Laâge was nominated for the Most Promising Actress award at the 39th César Awards.
 Glitter is a 2001 American romantic musical drama film starring R&B singer songwriter Mariah Carey. Produced by 20th Century Fox and Columbia Pictures and directed by Vondie Curtis Hall the film centers on the life and times of a struggling singer from the early club music scene in the 1980s.
 Tørres Snørtevold is a 1940 Norwegian comedy film directed by Tancred Ibsen. It starred Alfred Maurstad Folkman Schaanning and Anton Jessen and was based on the novel Jacob by Alexander Kielland.
 Goodnight Mister Tom is a 1998 film adaptation by Carlton Television of the book of the same name by Michelle Magorian; the cast featured the veteran British actor John Thaw and was directed by Jack Gold.
 Emmy is a 1934 Hungarian comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Gábor Rajnay Irén Ágay and Ella Gombaszögi. It is based on a novel by Viktor Rákosi.
 Prom Queen: The Marc Hall Story is a Canadian television movie which aired on CTV in 2004. The film is about Marc Hall a gay Canadian teenager whose legal fight (Marc Hall v. Durham Catholic School Board) to bring a same-sex date to his Catholic high school prom made headlines in 2002.
 A Little Thing Called Murder is a 2006 drama television film starring Judy Davis and Jonathan Jackson and directed by Richard Benjamin.Made by Stonemade Entertainment for Lifetime TV the film was based on a true story of convicted murderer Sante Kimes as told in the book Dead End by reporter Jeanne King. A 2001 made-for-TV film about Kimes called Like Mother Like Son starred Mary Tyler Moore.
 Enfermés dehors (French pronunciation: ​[ɑ̃fɛʁme dəˈɔʁ]; French for Locked Out) is a 2006 French movie directed by and starring Albert Dupontel and written by him in collaboration with Guillaume Laurant.
 The Hills Have Eyes Part II is a 1985 American horror film directed by Wes Craven. It is a sequel to the 1977 film The Hills Have Eyes.
 The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela is a 2008 drama film directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson.
 Hatırla Sevgili (English: Remember Darling) was a Turkish TV series. The series started on October 27 2006 on the Turkish TV channel ATV aired on Friday evenings at 22:15 hrs local time.It tells the story of the love between Yasemin and Ahmet two young people from opposing families and the relationship between their relatives and friends in the political era starting at the end of the 1950s in Turkey.
 Devrai is a Marathi drama film released on March 11 2004. Directed by Sumitra Bhave & Sunil Sukhtankar produced by K. S. Wani Memorial Trust & Schizophrenia Awareness Association. The film stars Atul Kulkarni Sonali Kulkarni Devika Daftardar Tushar Dalvi. The films music is by Shrirang Umarani.The films is based on a schizophrenic struggling to come to terms with his illness and the frustration of his helpless sister.
 The Master (known previously in the United States as 3 Evil Masters) is a 1980 martial arts film produced in Hong Kong. It was directed by Lu Chin Ku and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. The film stars Chen Kuan-tai Yuen Tak and Wang Lung-wei.
 Steamboat Bill Jr. is a 1928 feature-length comedy silent film featuring Buster Keaton. Released by United Artists the film is the last product of Keaton's independent production team and set of gag writers. It was not a box-office success and proved to be the last picture Keaton would make for United Artists.
 La menace is a 1977 French-Canadian film directed by Alain Corneau and starring Yves Montand Carole Laure and Marie Dubois.
 Kajri (Hindi: कजरी) a film based on real story. Though Indian cultural and religious traditions put women at a high pedestal in reality they are subjected to all kinds of physical and mental exploitation. Women are treated as commodities and object of pleasure in a society dominated by men. Producer Jai Thakur and director Haidar Kazmi have tried to underline this social paradox in their thought provoking film Kajri.
 Obselidia is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Diane Bell starring Michael Piccirilli Gaynor Howe and Frank Hoyt Taylor. The film won two awards at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival: the Excellence in Cinematography award and the Alfred P. Sloan Prize.
 A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1968 film of William Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream directed by Peter Hall. It was the first live-action color film version of the play unless one counts the 1959 Czechoslovak animated puppet film directed by Jiří Trnka; and the 1967 film version of the New York City Ballet George Balanchine adaptation.
 Rachel River is a 1987 comedy-drama film about a young journalist who returns to her Minnesota home town to reexamine her life. The film was directed by Sandy Smolan and stars Pamela Reed Ailene Cole Don Cosgrove and Craig T. Nelson.
 Damnation (Hungarian: Kárhozat) is a black-and-white 1988 Hungarian film directed by Béla Tarr. The screenplay was co-written by Tarr's frequent collaborator László Krasznahorkai.The movie is a favourite of many including Susan Sontag.
 A Flower in Hell (지옥화 - Jiokhwa) is a 1958 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. For her performance in this film Shin's wife Choi Eun-hee was given the Best Actress award at the 2nd Buil Film Awards. During the Korean War director Shin Sang-ok had shared an apartment with a prostitute in order to live more comfortably rather than sharing a one-room evacuation apartment with several families giving him insight in the subject of the film.
 Dreamscape is a 1984 science fiction horror film directed by Joseph Ruben and written by David Loughery with Chuck Russell and Ruben co-writing.
 My Heart Is That Eternal Rose (殺手蝴蝶夢) is a 1989 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Tam.
 God Sex & Apple Pie is a 1998 film directed by Paul Leaf.
 An Oversimplification of Her Beauty is a 2012 American semi-animated comedy-drama-romance film following a quixotic artist who when stood up by an attractive woman makes a film about it and shows it to her. It premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and has received generally positive reviews from critics.
 Graveyard Disturbance (aka A Night in a Cemetery and Una notte al cimitero) is a 1987 Italian horror made-for-TV movie directed by Lamberto Bava and written by Dardano Sacchetti. It was the first of four films made for the cable series Brivido Giallo (other films include Until Death Dinner with a Vampire and The Ogre).
 Navarathri (Nine Nights) is a 1964 Tamil Drama film by A.P. Nagarajan. The film is well known for starring Sivaji Ganesan in nine distinct roles getting connected in nine nights within the film thus the title. The record of playing most number of roles in one Tamil film was long held by Sivaji Ganesan until 2008 when it was broken by Kamal Hassan in Dasavathaaram. In 1966 the film was remade in Telugu with the same title.
 Not Like Everyone Else is a 2006 TV movie that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Alia Shawkat Illeana Douglas and Eric Schweig. It is based on a true story of events that happened to Brandi Blackbear in 1999–2000. This telefilm was shot in Shreveport Louisiana.
 Dukun is a 2007 Malaysian horror film. The film is loosely based on the true story of the murder of a Malaysian politician Datuk Mazlan Idris by Mona Fandey a once mildly popular Malaysian singer in 1993. The film was originally slated to be released in December 2006 but as of today there were doubts as to whether the film will ever be released for public screening due to the controversial nature of the film.
 The Blade is a 1995 Hong Kong martial arts film co-written produced and directed by Tsui Hark starring Vincent Zhao Moses Chan Hung Yan-yan Song Lei Austin Wai Chung Bik-ha Valerie Chow and others. This film is notable for its unusual style which includes dramatic close-ups employment of colour gels frenetic camera use during the fight sequences and overall dark tone.
 Sea Monsters: A Prehistoric Adventure is a film by National Geographic which is set in the Earth's prehistoric past 70 million years ago. The film features state-of-the-art three-dimensional photographic and computer-generated characters/animals along with an ambient score. The setting alternates between prehistory and modern day times in which scientists study the fossilized remains of the creatures in the film. It is filmed in 3D and requires 3D glasses to view correctly.
 100 Mile Rule is a 2002 comedy film directed by Brent Huff.
 Kueki Ressha (苦役列車 The Drudgery Train) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita.
 The Scarecrow is a 2013 animated short film and advertisement by the American restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill. The film features Fiona Apple singing a cover version of Pure Imagination originally performed by Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
 Ballet is a 1995 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman. It portrays rehearsals choreography performances business transactions and other day to day life of the American Ballet Theatre. Much of the footage dates from the 1992 season. It also includes scenes from the company's European tour namely in Greece and Copenhagen.Appearances are made by Susan Jaffe Julie Kent Julio Bocca Angel Corella Amanda McKerrow Alessandra Ferri and others.
 The Mark of the Maker is a 1991 American short documentary film about manual papermaking produced by David McGowan. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Bamboo Gods and Iron Men is a martial arts comedy set in the Philippines. It is considered a blaxploitation film.[citation needed] It was produced by American International Pictures.It also featured some of the Philippines most respected and famous actors Chiquito Vic Diaz and Eddie Garcia a veteran of more than 339 films.Two of the people involved in the film — actor and musician Tito Sotto and Chiquito — were to enter into politics in the Philippines.
 Farewell My Love is a 2001 action film by Randall Fontana starring Gabrielle Fitzpatrick Phillip Rhys and Robert Culp.
 The Stranger Wore a Gun is a 1953 Western film directed by André De Toth and starring Randolph Scott Claire Trevor and Joan Weldon. Based on the short story Yankee Gold by John W. Cunningham the film is about a former spy who moves to Arizona to join a gold robbery but reconsiders his life and decides to change his life. The film is one of the first 3-D western movies. The film earned an estimated $1.6 million at the North American box office in 1953.
 Bucktown USA is a 1975 crime action blaxploitation film released by American International Pictures starring Fred Williamson as Duke Johnson a man who arrives in Bucktown to bury his brother a bar owner who was killed after refusing to pay crooked cops for protection. After arriving to Bucktown he realize he needs help after being threatened himself. Duke calls his friend Roy (Thalmus Rasulala) and his gang to come and help after arriving Roy's gang decided to take over the town.
 A Temporary Truce is a 1912 American short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Country Teacher (Czech: Venkovský učitel) is a 2008 Czech drama film directed by Bohdan Sláma.
 Super K (also known as Kiara the Brave) is a 2011 animated film written by Vibha Singh and Jaspinder S. Kang and directed by Smita Maroo and Vijay S. Bhanushali. The film is produced by Smita Maroo. It was released by Shemaroo Entertainment.
 Once Upon a Time in Shanghai is a 2014 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Wong Ching-po and starring Sammo Hung Philip Ng and Andy On with action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping and Yuen Cheung-yan. The film is a remake of the 1972 film Boxer from Shantung which starred Chen Kuan-tai who also appears in a supporting role in this film.
 Chal Pichchur Banate Hain is a Hindi family comic drama film the debut film of writer and director Pritish Chakraborty. The film was released all over on 7 September 2012. The film is a delightful satirical take on the Hindi film industry and was appreciated for its fresh and cinematic content. Filming of the movie took place primarily in Goa and Mumbai.
 Land of Storms (Hungarian: Viharsarok) is a Hungarian drama film released in 2014. The feature film debut of director Ádám Császi the film had its debut at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.The film stars András Sütő as Szabolcs a young man who returns home to Hungary after quitting his budding football career in Germany and begins a romantic and sexual relationship with Áron (Ádám Varga) an apprentice stonemason from a nearby town.
 Fuzzbucket is a 1986 television film written and directed by Mick Garris starring Chris Hebert as a young Michael Gerber and Phil Fondacaro as his invisible friend Fuzzbucket. The films also stars Joe Regalbuto as Michael's dad Wendy Phillips as his mother Robyn Lively as his older sister and John Vernon as the Principal.
 Charley's (Big-Hearted) Aunt is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde starring Arthur Askey and Richard Murdoch as Oxford 'scholars'.The film is one of many to be made based on the Victorian farce Charley's Aunt. Arthur Askey's professional nickname was Big-Hearted Arthur which was added to the title to distinguish it from Jack Benny's version for its (limited) American release.
 Un Atardecer de amor is a 1943 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by Rogelio Geissmann.The film starred Floren Delbene and Ana Arneodo.
 Ashurajō no Hitomi (阿修羅城の瞳 Eye(s) of Asura Castle) is a 2005 Japanese horror film starring Somegorō Ichikawa Rie Miyazawa and Kanako Higuchi. Directed by Yōjirō Takita it is a movie adaptation of a 1987 Kazuki Nakashima play set in the 16th century. It has been released on DVD-Video as Ashura in United Kingdom by Yume Pictures in 2006 and in the United States by AnimEigo in 2007.
 Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit is a 2014 American action thriller film directed by and co-starring Kenneth Branagh. Chris Pine Kevin Costner and Keira Knightley star in leading roles. The film features the fictional Jack Ryan character created by author Tom Clancy. It is the fifth film in the Jack Ryan series which is presented as a reboot that departs from the previous installments. Unlike its predecessors it is not an adaptation of a particular Clancy novel but rather an original story.
 Ebbie or Miracle at Christmas: Ebbie's Story is a 1995 TV movie directed by George Kaczender written by Ed Redlich and starring Susan Lucci in the title role. It is a gender-reversed retelling of A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens with a hard-hearted female character in place of the miserly Ebenezer Scrooge.
 Womanhandled is a 1925 silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on a short story by Arthur Stringer and stars Richard Dix and Esther Ralston.A print of this film is held at the Library of Congress.
 The Legend of Broken Sword also known as Dragon of the Lost Ark or Dressed to Fight is a 1979 wuxia film directed by Ulysses Au-yeung and written by Gu Long. The lead character Hu Tiehua appears in Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series as well.
 The Bubble is a 1966 American 3-D science fiction film in color later re-released under the title Fantastic Invasion of Planet Earth. It was written and directed by Arch Oboler and starred Michael Cole and Deborah Walley.
 Daughter of Dawn is an 83-minute long American silent film from 1920.
 Tora-san's Salad-Day Memorial (男はつらいよ 寅次郎サラダ記念日 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajiro Sarada Kinenbi) is a 1988 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Yoshiko Mita as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Salad-Day Memorial is the fortieth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 You're a Big Boy Now is a 1966 film with Elizabeth Hartman Geraldine Page and Peter Kastner written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola based on a 1963 novel also titled You're a Big Boy Now by David Benedictus.The story of a young man's troubled awakening to the big world is a peculiar one.
 Someone Marry Barry is an American comedy film directed and written by Rob Pearlstein. The film stars Tyler Labine Lucy Punch Damon Wayans Jr. and Hayes MacArthur.
 Bag It: Is Your Life Too Plastic? is a 2010 American documentary film exposing the effects of plastic bags and other plastic consumer merchandise and its effects on land ecosystems the marine environment and the human body.
 The Education of Charlie Banks is a 2007 drama film directed by Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst produced by Straight Up Film's Marisa Polvino and starring Jesse Eisenberg Jason Ritter Eva Amurri Gloria Votsis and Chris Marquette. It had its world premiere at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival where it won the Made in NY Narrative Award given to the best narrative film made in New York. It is Durst's directorial debut.
 For the bullet belt see Bandolier.Bandolero! is a 1968 western directed by Andrew V. McLaglen starring James Stewart Dean Martin Raquel Welch and George Kennedy. The story centers on two brothers on a run from the posse led by a local sheriff (July Johnson) who wants to arrest the runaways and free a hostage (Maria Stoner) that they took on the way. They head on the wrong territory which is controlled by Bandoleros.
 The Moo Man is a 2012 British documentary film directed by Andy Heathcote about an organic dairy farm in Sussex England.The film had its premiere at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival where it is competing in the World Cinema Documentary category.The film focusses on a small dairy farm run by Steve Hook which produces and sells raw unpasteurised organic milk. Near Hailsham Sussex Longleys Farm is situated on the Pevensey Levels.
 Desert Driven is a 1923 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 Everybody Loves Sunshine (released in the United States as B.U.S.T.E.D.) is a 1999 British independent film written and directed by Andrew Goth and starring Rachel Shelley David Bowie and Goldie.
 Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline starring Wheeler & Woolsey and featuring Boris Karloff.
 The House That Never Dies (simplified Chinese: 朝内81号; traditional Chinese: 朝內81號; pinyin: Chao Nei 81 Hao) is a 2014 Chinese thriller film directed by Raymond Yip. Story is based on a haunted mansion Chaonei No. 81 which is located on No.81 Chaoyangmen Inner Street in Beijing China.The Chaonei No. 81 was a three-story French Baroque-style house which was built in the 1800s by Qing officials.
 Esmerelda; is a 1915 silent film starring Mary Pickford and directed by James Kirkwood. It was produced by Adolph Zukor and stage impresario Daniel Frohman. As with the previous Pickford vehicles Caprice Mistress Nell and The Dawn of a Tomorrow Esmerelda is based on a short story and stage play Esmerelda written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and William Gillette and produced in the 1880s.
 Secret Agent X-9 (1945) is a Universal movie serial based on the comic strip Secret Agent X-9. It was the second serial with this name the first was released by Universal in 1937.
 Then I Sentenced Them All to Death (Romanian: Atunci i-am condamnat pe toţi la moarte) is a 1972 Romanian historical and social film about World War II. It was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu. It was released on 24 August 1972 in Romania.
 Pygmalion and Galatea (French: Pygmalion et Galathée) is an 1898 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès based on the ancient Pygmalion myth. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 156 in its catalogues.The film was presumed lost until a print was found in an attic in Barcelona in 1993.
 Spider-Plant Man is a British parody short film which parodies the Spider-Man 2002 film adaptation made for the Comic Relief 2005 appeal and aired on BBC One on 11 March 2005. It featured Rowan Atkinson as Peter Piper/Spider-Plant Man and Rachel Stevens as his love-interest Jane-Mary. Jim Broadbent also made an appearance portraying Batman and Tony Robinson as Robin.
 Blissfully Yours (Thai: สุดเสน่หา S̄ud s̄eǹh̄ā) is a 2002 Thai romance film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul. It won the Un Certain Regard prize at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 Shikast is a 1953 Hindi movie produced and directed by Ramesh Saigal. The film stars Dilip Kumar Nalini Jaywant Durga Khote Om Prakash and K. N. Singh. The films music is by Shankar Jaikishan. Wajahat Mirza wrote the story and Dialogues for this Film.
 Holiday Camp is a 1947 British comedy drama film directed by Ken Annakin starring Jack Warner Jimmy Hanley Kathleen Harrison and Dennis Price.
 I sovversivi (internationally released as The Subversives) is a 1967 Italian drama film. It is the first solo film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani without Valentino Orsini.It entered the 32° Venice Film Festival.
 The Depraved is a 1957 film.
 En vinternat (English: A winter night) is a 1917 Norwegian crime film written by Peter Lykke-Seest and directed by Lykke-Seest and Oscar Gustafson starring Oscar Gustafson Helen Storm and Moltke Garmann. Wollert Berg (Gustafson) is an author who has retired to his cabin in the woods to write. He offers lodging to a couple of vagrants but when they steal from the neighbours Wollert gets accused and convicted.
 Nothing Underneath (Italian: Sotto il vestito niente also known as The Last Shot) is a 1985 Italian giallo film directed by Carlo Vanzina.
 A Snoodle's Tale is the 22nd episode in the VeggieTales animated series and released on May 5 2004. Subtitled A Lesson in Self Worth the episode focuses on teaching viewers that they are special in God's eyes that they don't need to have extraordinary talents or resort to gimmicks to be worthy individuals.The episode contains two main features. The first is a parody of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
 La notte degli squali ior Night of the Sharks is a 1988 Italian/Spanish/Mexican international co-production set in Miami and Cancún Mexico but filmed in the Dominican Republic. It was directed and co-written by Tonino Ricci.
 Otello was the 1906 Italian silent film based on the 1887 opera of the same name by Giuseppe Verdi both being based on the William Shakespeare play Othello. The film was directed by and starred Mario Caserini playing opposite his wife Maria Caserini. It is believed to be the earliest film adaptation of the play released in Italy on October 30 1906.
 2 Seconds (French: 2 secondes) is a Canadian drama film released in 1998. Written and directed by Manon Briand the film stars Charlotte Laurier as Laurie a lesbian who takes a job as a bike courier in Montreal after being fired from her previous job as a professional downhill racer.
 Kleine Scheidegg is a 1937 Swiss drama film directed by Richard Schweizer and starring Susanne Baader Leopold Biberti and Emil Hegetschweiler. It is set around the Kleine Scheidegg in Switzerland. It is part of the genre of mountain films popular in the 1930s.
 Singed Wings is a lost 1922 silent film romance drama directed by Penrhyn Stanlaws and starring Bebe Daniels. Famous Players-Lasky served as producers with the usual released through Paramount Pictures
 Selkie is a 2000 Australian film for children.
 Urban Explorers: Into the Darkness is a documentary film about urban exploration.
 Il Mago per forza is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.
 Atithi (Kannada: ಅತಿಥಿ English: The Guest) is a 2002 Indian Kannada language film directed by P. Sheshadri. The film deals with terrorism and the psychology of the terrorist. At the 49th National Film Awards the film was awarded the Best Feature Film in Kannada.
 Rakshak is 1996 Bollywood action movie directed by Ashok Honda and starring Suniel Shetty Karisma Kapoor Raghuvaran Sonali Bendre Alok Nath Aruna Irani.
 Maria Rosa is a surviving 1916 silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It was based on a 1914 Broadway stage play Maria Rosa by Àngel Guimerà. On the stage the principal parts were played by Dorothy Donnelly and Lou Tellegen future husband of this film's star Geraldine Farrar.
 Girl in the Cadillac is a crime drama film released in 1995. The film stars Erika Eleniak and William McNamara.
 Subash Chandra Bose (Telugu: సుభాష్ చంద్ర బోస్) is a 2005 Telugu epic historical drama film. The movie was directed by veteran director K. Raghavendra Rao which was his 101st film. The film stars Venkatesh and Shriya Saran in the lead with Genelia D'Souza and Prakash Raj as the ensemble cast cast of the film.
 Hold Back the Dawn is a 1941 romantic film in which a Romanian gigolo marries an American woman in Mexico in order to gain entry to the United States but winds up falling in love with her. It stars Charles Boyer Olivia de Havilland Paulette Goddard Victor Francen Walter Abel Curt Bois and Rosemary DeCamp.The movie was adapted by Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder from the book by Ketti Frings.
 Kid Galahad is a 1937 boxing film starring Edward G. Robinson Bette Davis Humphrey Bogart and in the title role rising newcomer Wayne Morris. It was scripted by Seton I. Miller and directed by Michael Curtiz. It was remade in 1941 this time in a circus setting as The Wagons Roll at Night also with Bogart and in 1962 as an Elvis Presley musical. The original version was re-titled The Battling Bellhop for television distribution in order to avoid confusion with the Presley remake.
 Brandende liefde is a 1983 Dutch drama film directed by Ate de Jong.
 Noothi lo kappalu (Telugu: నూతిలో కప్పలు) (English: Frogs in a Well) is an upcoming low-budget Telugu Film written and directed by Chanti Gnamamani. The film stars Gadde Rajendra Prasad and Pari Singh.
 Diamond Trail is a 1933 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
 His Greatest Bluff (German: Sein größter Bluff) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Henrik Galeen and Harry Piel and starring Piel Toni Tetzlaff and Lotte Lorring. Its title is sometimes translated as His Biggest Bluff. Today the film is best known for the early role it offered to Marlene Dietrich who was only cast after great effort by her agents. The film was shot at the Grunewald Studios located in Western Berlin during January and February 1927.
 For Sale (French: À vendre) is a 1998 French drama film directed by Laetitia Masson. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Huduga Hudugi is a 2010 comedy film written and directed by Indrajit Lankesh. The film features Dhyan and Lekha Washington in the lead roles whilst other noted actresses play roles in the film. The film was launched in 2008 as Thunta Thunti with Ganesh and Praneetha in the lead roles and then a second launch was conducted in March 2010 with Ganesh and Ishita Sharma but the pair later opted out of the project.
 The Legend of the White Serpent (白夫人の妖恋 Byaku fujin no yoren) aka Madame White Snake is a 1956 color (Eastmancolor) Japanese film directed by Shirō Toyoda. At the 6th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Honourable Mention (Colour) award.This film was made by Toho (Japan) in collaboration with the Shaw Brothers (Hong Kong). It is a film adaptation of the traditional Chinese legend the legend of the White Snake.
 Sector 236 – Thor's Wrath (Swedish: Sektor 236 - Tors vrede) is a 2010 Swedish horror science fiction film. It was produced by Swedish stuntman Lars Lundgren who also was the main stunt coordinator. Lundgren had previously worked as a stuntman in films such as Planet of the Apes and Thriller - A Cruel Picture.
 Cheaper by the Dozen (1950) is a Technicolor film based upon the 1948 autobiographical book Cheaper by the Dozen by Frank Gilbreth Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey. The film and book describe growing up in a family with twelve children in Montclair New Jersey.
 Lima: Breaking the Silence is a 1999 crime drama film directed and written by Menahem Golan starring Joe Lara and Billy Drago. The scenario is based on the true story of Peruvian rebels who in 1997 kidnapped several hundred diplomats.
 Kaminey (English: The Scoundrels) is a 2009 Indian caper thriller film directed by Vishal Bharadwaj and featuring Shahid Kapoor Priyanka Chopra and Amol Gupte in the lead roles. Set against the backdrop of the Mumbai underworld Kaminey tells the story of a pair of twins one with a lisp and the other with a stutter over the course of a single day.Bhardwaj co-wrote the screenplay with Sabrina Dhawan Abhishek Chaubey and Supratik Sen.
 Nasreddin in Bukhara (Russian: Насреддин в Бухаре) is a 1943 Soviet comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov based on the Leonid Solovyev novel Disturber of the Peace about Nasreddin.
 Don't Look Back: The Story of Leroy 'Satchel' Paige is a 1981 television film directed by Richard A. Colla. It stars Louis Gossett Jr. and Beverly Todd.
 The Incubus is a 1982 horror film directed by John Hough. Screenplay by George Franklin based on the novel by Ray Russell. Starring John Cassavetes Kerrie Keane John Ireland Helen Hughes Erin Flannery Duncan McIntosh. The film is 93 minutes in length and has been given an R rating by the MPAA.The film also unofficially features the NWOBHM band Samson in the form of show clips taken from the film Biceps of Steel.
 Port of Shadows (French: Le Quai des brumes) is a 1938 French film directed by Marcel Carné. It stars Jean Gabin Michel Simon and Michèle Morgan. The screenplay was written by Jacques Prévert based on a novel by Pierre Mac Orlan. The music score was by Maurice Jaubert. It is a notable example of the poetic realism genre.
 Apne ('Ours') is a 2007 Bollywood sports drama film directed by Anil Sharma. This is the first and one of the three films to feature real life father and sons Dharmendra Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol together. Sunny and Bobby had worked together before in Dillagi and Dharmendra and Sunny had also appeared together in Sultanat (1986) and Kshatrya (1993). Kiron Kher Shilpa Shetty and Katrina Kaif play the female leads.
 Benjamin (US title: The Diary of an Innocent Boy) is a 1968 French comedy film directed by Michel Deville who co-wrote screenplay with Nina Companéez. The film stars Michèle Morgan Catherine Deneuve Pierre Clémenti Michel Piccoli Francine Bergé Anna Gaël and Catherine Rouvel.
 Megane (めがね Glasses) is a 2007 Japanese comedy film written and directed by Naoko Ogigami. The film is set on an unnamed Japanese island and tells the story of a vacationing university professor who comes in contact with several eccentric local inhabitants. The movie is a follow-up to Ogigami's 2006 film Kamome Shokudo and features two of the same actors. It was featured at several film festivals including the Sundance Film Festival.
 Præsten i Vejlby (The Vicar of Vejlby) is a 1931 Danish film about a murder in a vicarage directed by George Schnéevoigt and based on a novel by Steen Steensen Blicher. Starring Henrik Malberg and Karin Nellemose it marked the debut of actor Aage Winther-Jørgensen.
 Assassinio al cimitero etrusco (internationally released as Scorpion with Two Tails and Murder in an Etruscan Cemetery) is a 1982 Italian thriller-horror film directed by Sergio Martino (credited as Christian Plummer).
 Bread and Roses is a 1994 biographical film showing significant episodes in the political life of socialist and feminist Sonja Davies based on her autobiographyof the same name. She is portrayed from her early years to her election to the Nelson Hospital Board. Made as a Suffrage Year tribute to the women of New Zealand. Helen Martin says the film is fascinating as a social history showing her empathy with working class women. The film was shown on television in four episodes in October 1993.
 Anna Lucasta is a 1959 film directed by Arnold Laven and written by Philip Yordan. It stars Eartha Kitt Sammy Davis Jr. and Henry Scott. It is a remake of the 1949 version (directed by Irving Rapper and starring Paulette Goddard) which itself was an adaptation of Yordan's 1936 stage play.
 Zebraman 2: Attack on Zebra City (ゼブラーマン -ゼブラシティの逆襲- Zeburāman -Zebura Shiti no Gyakushū-) is the 2010 sequel to the 2004 film Zebraman. The film features Show Aikawa reprising his leading role from the original and also stars Riisa Naka and Masahiro Inoue. The film's tagline is Let's get ready to fight! (白黒つけるぜ！ Shirokuro tsukeru ze! a pun as it contains the kanji for white (白 shiro) and black (黒 kuro)).
 The French Atlantic Affair is a novel by Ernest Lehman which was published in 1977. A 3 part TV miniseries based on the book was produced and broadcast in 1979.
 Hot Rod is a 2007 American sports comedy film written by Pam Brady (along with The Lonely Island who were uncredited) executive produced by Will Ferrell and directed by Akiva Schaffer. It stars Andy Samberg Sissy Spacek Jorma Taccone Will Arnett Danny McBride Ian McShane Isla Fisher and Bill Hader. The film was released in the United States on August 3 2007. It was rated PG-13 in the United States and 12A in the United Kingdom and is The Lonely Island's first feature film.
 Walter Defends Sarajevo (Bosnian: 'Valter brani Sarajevo' Serbo-Croatian: 'Valter brani Sarajevo' in Cyrillic: Валтер брани Сарајево; Chinese: 瓦尔特保卫萨拉热窝 in Pinyin: Wǎ'ěr tè bǎowèi sàlārèwō) is a 1972 Yugoslav partisan film directed by Hajrudin Krvavac and starring Velimir Živojinović.
 Broadway Lady is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Wesley Ruggles.
 João and the knife (Portuguese: João e a faca; Dutch: João en het mes) is a 1972 Brazilian drama film directed by Dutch filmmaker George Sluizer. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 A Terrible Tragedy is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 With Babies and Banners: Story of the Women's Emergency Brigade is a 1979 documentary film directed by Lorraine Gray. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.This film was one of the first to put together archival footage with contemporary interviews of participants and helped spur a series of films on left and labor history in the US utilizing this technique.
 Thunder in Guyana is a feature film by Suzanne Wasserman released in 2003. It is a documentary about Janet Jagan (née Rosenberg) an American-born Jewish woman who moved to then-British Guiana and was later elected President. The film was shown on Independent Lens a series on PBS.
 A Trap for Santa Claus is a 1909 one-reel American silent film a Biograph Company production directed by D.W. Griffith.
 The First Day of Freedom (Polish: Pierwszy dzień wolności) is a 1964 Polish drama film directed by Aleksander Ford. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 Prithvi was a 1997 mystery film starring Suniel Shetty in title role and Shilpa Shetty in double role.
 Six Weeks is a 1982 drama film directed by Tony Bill and based on a novel by Fred Mustard Stewart. It stars Dudley Moore and Mary Tyler Moore.Co-star Katherine Healy was a professional figure skater and a ballerina both talents demonstrated by her character in the film. Golden Globe nominated actress and ballet dancer Anne Ditchburn choreographed her dance scenes as well as appeared as an assistant choreographer on camera.
 Letter to a Hero is a 1943 American short documentary film produced by Frederic Ullman Jr. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Rewind is the second rockumentary by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. Released in 2007 it is the band's sixth DVD release. It contains over three hours of live and documentary footage spanning their entire career; from pre-Stereophonics years to their signing to V2 Records in 1996 to 2006. A booklet was also included with the DVD featuring several previously unseen photographs of the band from Kelly Jones' own personal photo album.
 The Golden Bullet (German:Die goldene Kugel) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Robert Wuellner and starring Gertrude Welcker Erich Kaiser-Titz and Otto Treptow. It premiered in Berlin on 24 March 1921.
 Miss December is a 2011 dark romantic comedy directed by Derek Lindeman and written by Faith Brody. Jensen Bucher plays Ari a waitress who believes she may be the next victim of a serial killer.
 A Day at School is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Morris: A Life with Bells On is a 2009 British independent film a comic spoof documentary about morris dancing.
 Pass the Ammo is a 1988 film starring Bill Paxton Annie Potts Linda Kozlowski and Tim Curry. The film is a spoof of televangelism released right after the real-life Jim Bakker and Jimmy Swaggart scandals. The movie's working title during production ...And Pass the Ammunition references the phrase praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
 The Life Story of John Lee or the Man They Could Not Hang is a 1921 Australian silent film based on the true life story of John Babbacombe Lee. It is a remake of a 1912 film with some extra scenes of Lee's childhood. Unlike many silent Australian films a copy of the movie exists.
 The Boy in Blue (German: Knabe in Blau and also known as Emerald of Death) is a 1919 silent German drama film directed by F. W. Murnau. It was Murnau's debut film. The film is now considered to be a lost film though the Deutsche Kinemathek film archive possesses 35 small fragments ranging from two to eleven frames in length.Thomas Gainsborough's painting The Blue Boy and Oscar Wilde's novel The Picture of Dorian Gray were inspirations for Murnau to create this film.
 Miami Rhapsody is a 1995 American romantic comedy film starring Sarah Jessica Parker Gil Bellows Antonio Banderas Mia Farrow Paul Mazursky Kevin Pollak Barbara Garrick and Carla Gugino. It was written produced and directed by first time director David Frankel with music composed by Mark Isham.
 Alias John Preston is a 1955 British horror film directed by David MacDonald and starring Betta St. John Alexander Knox and Christopher Lee. A mysterious and wealthy man moves to a small village where he outwardly appears to be a friendly figure but nurses a dangerous secret.
 Born to Be Wild is a 1995 American family comedy film.
 Life with Mikey (also known as Give Me a Break) is a 1993 comedy film starring Michael J. Fox Christina Vidal Nathan Lane Cyndi Lauper and David Krumholtz.Tagline: He's a talent agent. She's a thief. Looks like they've already got something in common.
 Know Your Men (1921) is an American silent melodrama film produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation directed by Charles Giblyn and starring Pearl White. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Chakkara Muthu is a 2006 Malayalam film by A. K. Lohithadas starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan. Dileep plays the role of a mentally retarded person in this movie.
 The Harder They Fall is a 1956 film noir directed by Mark Robson featuring Humphrey Bogart in his last film.
 The Gladiators (Swedish: Gladiatorerna alternate title The Peace Game) is a 1969 Swedish drama/science fiction film directed by Peter Watkins.
 Karuvelam Pookkal (தமிழ்/Tamil: கருவேலம் பூக்கள்) is an Indian Tamil film directed by Poomani. It was jointly produced by National Film Development Corporation of India and Doordarshan a government agency. It stars Nasser Radhika Thalaivasal Vijay and Charle among others. The film is in Tamil Nadu Village drama film. The film's Music is composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
 Panic in Chicago (German: Panik in Chicago) is a 1931 German crime film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Olga Tschechowa Hans Rehmann and Ferdinand Hart. It was based on the novel Panic in Chicago by the German writer Robert Heymann. It premiered at the Palast-am-Zoo in Berlin on 23 June 1931.
 He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword is a 1985 American animated feature film produced by Filmation. Although released before the series She-Ra: Princess of Power began the film was a compilation of the first five episodes with minor edits made.The film was part of a trend of theatrically released animations created by producers of TV shows and toys during the 1980s.
 The Last Valley is a 1970 historical drama film directed by James Clavell. Set during the Thirty Years War it stars Michael Caine as the leader of a band of mercenaries and Omar Sharif as a teacher fleeing from the violence endemic to Germany during this period. They manage to find one valley untouched by war in which they live in peace at least for a time.It was based on the novel of the same name by J.B.
 Phool Aur Kaante (English: Flowers and Thorns) is a Hindi action romance film released in 1991. It stars Ajay Devgn Madhoo Aruna Irani Jagdeep and Amrish Puri among others. The film marked the debut of Ajay Devgn son of stunt and action choreographer Veeru Devgan and Madhoo niece of actress Hema Malini.
 Mangamma Sapatham is a 1943 Tamil language film starring Ranjan Vasundhara Devi N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Mathuram. The film was produced by S. S. Vasan and directed by T. G. Raghavanchari.
 By the Sword is a 1991 film starring F. Murray Abraham and Eric Roberts as world-class fencers. Directed by Jeremy Paul Kaganthis is the first feature film about fencing. Although some reviews of its 1993 U.S. theatrical release noted favorablythe lead acting and action sequences the screenplay was considered terrible.
 The Agronomist is a 2003 American documentary directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jean Dominique. The documentary follows the life of Dominique who ran Haiti's first independent radio station Radio Haiti-Inter during multiple repressive regimes.
 Asatarō garasu (浅太郎鴉) English title: Asatarō is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Misumi.
 That Little Band of Gold is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and starring Arbuckle Mabel Normand and Ford Sterling.
 Among the Great Apes with Michelle Yeoh is a 2009 documentary film made by National Geographic in cooperation with FINAS (National Film Development Corporation Malaysia). The film is notable for showing how the Sepilok Orangutan Rehabilitation Centre (also known as Sepilok Orang Utan Sanctuary) in Sabah is fighting for the survival and well-being of each ape. The film was broadcast internationally and presented at the Eco-Knights Film Festival 2011
 Jai Karoli Maa is an Indian movie directed by Ram Pahlwa which was released in 1988. The movie is based on the religious theme based on Karoli Maa of Hindu religion.
 Beware My Lovely (1952) is a suspense film produced by Collier Young/Ida Lupino's production company The Filmakers.
 The Smell of Success is an Initiate Productions film directed by Michael Polish starring Billy Bob Thornton Téa Leoni Kyle MacLachlan and Ed Helms. The film’s original title was Manure.
 The Eternal City was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter produced by Adolph Zukor and based upon the novel and play of the same name by Hall Caine. The film was released through the Paramount Pictures division of Famous Players-Lasky and is based on the 1902 Broadway play that starred Viola Allen and Frederic De Belleville.
 La Ronda de los Dientes Blancos is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Texas Adios (Texas Addio in Italy; Goodbye Texas in USA; Django der Rächer or Django 2 in West Germany) is a 1967 film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Franco Nero. It is often referenced in connection with Django also starring Nero and although was referred to as Django 2 in some countries it is not considered a sequel. The film is mostly remembered as a lesser known Spaghetti Western.
 Splatter Beach is a 2007 low-budget horror comedy film made by the prolific Polonia brothers. It was released on DVD by Camp Motion Pictures.Starring Erin Brown Erika Smith Alison Whitney Brice Kennedy Ken Van Sant and Dave Fife Splatter Beach concerns a reporter who hopes to write a story on a series of disappearances that have plagued a local beach and who finds instead a sea monster in full rubbery attire.
 Better Things is a 2008 film written and directed by Duane Hopkins. Set in present day rural England the film presents a multi-narrative tale following the young and old on their journeys of withdrawal and commitment to each other.
 Ardha Rathiri is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 Free Radicals is a black-and-white animated film short by avant-garde filmmaker Len Lye. Begun in 1958 and completed in 1979 Lye made the film by directly scratching the film stock.
 The Sacrifice (Turkish: Adak) is a 1979 Turkish drama film directed by Atıf Yılmaz and written by Başar Sabuncu based on a true story by Faruk Erem featuring a peasant who sacrifices his youngest child to God.
 Numbri Aadmi is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Swaroop Kumar starring Mithun Chakraborty Kimi Katkar Sangeeta Bijlani and Amrish Puri
 The Turkish Passion (Spanish: La Pasión Turca) is a 1994 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala. It stars Ana Belén and Georges Corraface. The film is an erotic drama an exploration of female sexual desire. Highly controversial La Pasion Turca continues Spanish director Vicente Aranda's fascination with the dark side of love.
 Little Tough Guy is a 1938 Universal Studios film that starred several of the Dead End Kids. Although re-release posters and the DVD release credit them as The Dead End Kids they did not go by that title in the on screen credits. It was in the follow-up films that they began using the team name The Little Tough Guys and later The Dead End Kids and Little Tough Guys.
 Production No.5 is an upcoming Tamil and Telugu bilingual film directed by B. Gopal starring Gopichand and Nayantara in lead roles. The film is produced by Jayabalaji Real Media and features music scored by Manisharma.
 The Forbidden Legend Sex & Chopsticks 2 (simplified Chinese: 金瓶梅2：爱的奴隶; traditional Chinese: 金瓶梅2：愛的奴隸; pinyin: Jīnpíngmeí Aìdē Núlì; literally Golden Lotus 2: Love Slaves) is a 2009 Hong Kong sex film and sequel to The Forbidden Legend Sex & Chopsticks adapted from Lanling Xiaoxiao Sheng's classical novel The Golden Lotus. It was produced by Wong Jing and directed by Qian Wenqi. The film stars Oscar Lam wai-kin Hayakawa Serina Wakana Hikaru and Kaera Uehara.
 Summertree is a 1971 film directed by Anthony Newley. The screenplay was written by Edward Hume and Stephen Yafa based on the 1967 play of the same name by Ron Cowen.
 King of the Wild (1931) is a Mascot movie serial.
 Burst City (爆裂都市 Bakuretsu Toshi) is a Japanese Utopian and dystopian fiction punk rock musical / action film. Released in 1982 the film was directed by Sogo Ishii. Primarily a showcase for both various specific punk rock bands of the time such as The Roosters The Rockers and The Stalin the film is also purely demonstrative of the culture and attitude of the punk rock community of Japan in the mid-to-late 1970s and the early 1980s.
 Overture to The Merry Wives of Windsor (also known as The Merry Wives of Windsor Overture) is a 1953 American short musical film produced by Johnny Green. It won an Academy Award in 1954 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Asking for Trouble is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Max Miller Carole Lynne and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A fishmonger takes up bookmaking to earn extra cash.
 The Black Hand Gang is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Wee Georgie Wood Viola Compton and Alfred Wood. It was made by British International Pictures and based on a play by Black Hand George by Bert Lee and R.P. Weston.
 Da Game of Life is a 1998 direct-to-video short film starring No Limit Records rapper Snoop Dogg. It was written and produced by Master P and distributed by No Limit Films. No Limit labelmate C-Murder co-stars. The movie was also a huge success for No Limit Records and for No Limit Films. The soundtrack is supposedly is to be Snoop Dogg's album Da Game Is to Be Sold Not to Be Told.
 The River House Ghost (1932) is a British comedy crime film directed by Frank Richardson and starring Florence Desmond Hal Walters and Joan Marion.
 Poor Relations is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor.
 Gingerdead Man is a 2005 horror-comedy film starring Gary Busey. It is followed by Gingerdead Man 2: Passion of the Crust and Gingerdead Man 3: Saturday Night Cleaver. The Gingerdead Man was released on DVD by Shoot Productions.
 Chrysalis is a French science fiction film directed and partly written by Julien Leclercq and starring Albert Dupontel. The film was commercially released in France on 31 October 2007.
 His Last Gift (Hangul: 마지막 선물; RR: Majimak Seonmul; also known as Last Present) is a 2008 South Korean film.
 Innocence (Thai: เด็กโต๋ or Dek To) is a 2005 Thai independent documentary film directed by Areeya Chumsai and Nisa Kongsri about a boarding school for hill tribe children in Chiang Mai Province Thailand.The film had its world premiere at the 2005 Pusan International Film Festival.
 The Battle for the Republic of China (Chinese: Xin hai shuang shi) is a 1981 Taiwanese drama film directed by Shan-hsi Ting. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film in 1982.
 Bachelor Party Vegas is a comedy film that was released in 2006 starring Kal Penn Jonathan Bennett Charlie Spiller Diora Baird and Donald Faison. In Australia and the UK it was released under the title 'Vegas Baby'.
 Thulasi is a 1987 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Ameerjaan. The film features Murali and Seetha in lead roles. The film produced by P. S. V. Hariharan had musical score by Sampath Selvam and was released on 27 November 1987.
 Hughes and Harlow: Angels in Hell is a 1978 film from Larry Buchanan about the relationship between Howard Hughes and Jean Harlow.
 Possessed is a 2000 Showtime original movie starring Timothy Dalton based on events appearing in the book Possessed by Thomas B. Allen which is inspired by the exorcism case of Robbie Mannheim;The film was released on DVD in the USA on October 2 2001.
 Tui Jodi Aamar Hoiti Re (Bengali: তুই যদি আমার হইতি রে meaning of English: If You are were Mine..?) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language romantic family drama film. It released in 2008 all over Bangladesh. It was directed and written by Uttam Akash. Tui Jodi Aamar Hoiti Re stars Shakib Khan Ferdous Moushumi and many more. It marks the first and so far the only time in Dhallywood film history with Moushumi and Shakib Khan as a pair on screen together.
 Fúlmine is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera. It is based in the Guillermo Divito's comic strip Fúlmine character.
 Chehraa (English: Face) starring Bipasha Basu Dino Morea Preeti Jhangiani and Irrfan Khan is a Bollywood thriller released in February 18 2005.
 If You Were Me is a 2003 South Korean omnibus film comprising six short films directed by six promininent Korean directors including Park Chan-wook. Commissioned by the National Human Rights Commission of Korea for 50 million won ($39000) each the shorts deal with discrimination in Korea and the directors were given free rein with regards to subject and style. The film has spawned three live-action sequels as well as two animated films which deal with similar themes.
 Two for the Road is a 1967 British comedy drama film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Albert Finney and Audrey Hepburn. Written by Frederic Raphael the film is about an architect and his wife who examine their twelve-year relationship while on a road trip to Southern France.
 Schooled is a 2007 American independent drama film written and directed by Brooks Elms and produced by Brian Hennessy and Lorenda Starfelt. The film follows a traditional East Coast school teacher (Daniel Kucan) who becomes involved with a non-traditional alternative school in California which leads to significant changes in his personal philosophy and lifestyle.
 Suzaku (萌の朱雀 Moe no Suzaku) is a Japanese fiction film from 1997 directed by Naomi Kawase.
 The King's Thief is a 1955 swashbuckling CinemaScope adventure film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. Released on August 5 1955 the film takes place in London at the time of Charles II and stars Ann Blyth Edmund Purdom David Niven George Sanders and Roger Moore.
 Uma Aventura na Casa Assombrada is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by Carlos Coelho da Silva.
 Nasaan Ka Man (Wherever You Are) is a dramatic love story written by Filipino Ricky Lee. It boasts performances by the country’s young leading dramatic actors Claudine Barretto Jericho Rosales and Diether Ocampo.Noted commercial director Cholo Laurel directs the movie.Set in the mystical and fog-covered outskirts of Baguio Nasaan Ka Man is a love story about a family shrouded in secrets. As the secrets are revealed the family learns to let go of their hatred and forgive each other.
 Cookie is a 1989 comedy film released on August 23 1989 by Warner Brothers.
 Journey Through Rosebud is a 1972 drama film directed by Tom Gries. It stars Robert Forster and Katharine Ross.
 La Melodía perdida is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Ninja III: The Domination is a 1984 film directed by Sam Firstenberg and stars Sho Kosugi as Yamada Lucinda Dickey as Christie Jordan Bennett as Officer Billy Secord and James Hong as Miyashima. Ninja III: The Domination is the third film in a series of Ninja films the first being Enter the Ninja and the second being Revenge of the Ninja which are not directly related to one another in terms of storyline.
 The Man with Nine Lives is a 1940 American science fiction mystery film directed by Nick Grinde and starring Boris Karloff.
 The Heartbreak Kid is a 1993 Australian film starring Claudia Karvan and Alex Dimitriades which was based on a play of the same name by Richard Barrett and first performed by Griffin Theatre Company. It was later spun off into the television series Heartbreak High.
 Winning Your Wings is a 1942 Allied propaganda film of World War II produced by Warner Bros. Studios for the US Army Air Forces starring Jimmy Stewart. It was aimed at young men who were thinking about joining the Air Force. Members of the production crew would later form the core of the First Motion Picture UnitThe film opens with a plane landing on a tarmac and a pilot in full flight gear getting out and walking toward the camera.
 The Romance of Runnibede is a 1928 Australian silent film based on an incident in a book by Steele Rudd. Unlike many Australian silent movies a copy of it exists today.
 The Seekers (released in the United States as Land of Fury) is a 1954 British adventure film produced by the Rank Organisation and directed by Ken Annakin. It starred Jack Hawkins Glynis Johns Noel Purcell and Kenneth Williams.It was the first major studio film shot in New Zealand. The film was adapted from the novel The Seekers by New Zealander John Guthrie (real name John Brodie).
 Since You Went Away is a 1944 American film directed by John Cromwell for Selznick International Pictures and distributed by United Artists. It is an epic about the American home front during World War II which was adapted and produced by David O. Selznick from the 1943 novel Since You Went Away: Letters to a Soldier from His Wife by Margaret Buell Wilder.
 Still the Water (2つ目の窓 Futatsume no mado) is an upcoming Japanese romance film directed by Naomi Kawase. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Liam is a 2000 British-German film directed by Stephen Frears and written by novelist/screenwriter Jimmy McGovern. McGovern (perhaps best known as the creator of British TV crime drama Cracker) adapted Joseph Mckeown's novel Back Crack Boy into this emotionally raw meditation on innocence and pain.
 Run for Cover is a 1955 western film directed by Nicholas Ray starring James Cagney Viveca Lindfors and in his final film Jean Hersholt. Distributed by Paramount Pictures this film was made in VistaVision.
 Sun in the Last Days of the Shogunate (幕末太陽傳 or 幕末太陽伝 Bakumatsu taiyōden) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film comedy directed by Yuzo Kawashima with a screenplay by Kawashima Shōhei Imamura and Keiichi Tanaka. It was voted the fifth best Japanese film of all time in a poll of 140 Japanese critics and filmmakers conducted by the magazine Kinema Junpo in 1999.
 Velutha Kathreena is a 1968 Malayalam film directed by Sasikumar based on the famous novel of the same name written by Muttathu Varkey. The heroine centric film stars Sheela Prem Nazir and Sathyan in the lead roles.
 X2 (often promoted as X2: X-Men United or internationally as X-Men 2) is a 2003 American superhero film based on the X-Men superhero team appearing in Marvel Comics distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the second installament in the X-Men film series.
 Undine (1916) is an American feature film which featured actress/athlete Ida Schnall in a water-themed story Undine by Friedrich de la Motte Fouque.The film was produced by Bluebird Photoplays directed by Henry Otto and released by Universal Pictures.
 Outrageous! is a Canadian comedy film released in 1977.
 Last Night at the Alamo is a 1983 American black-and-white independent film directed and co-produced by Eagle Pennell written and co-produced by Kim Henkel and starring Sonny Carl Davis and Lou Perryman.
 Kisi Se Dil Lagaake Dekho (English: Fall in love with someone and see) is an unreleased Bollywood film starring Shahrukh Khan Madhoo and Ayesha Jhulka in the lead roles. The film was never released.
 Anjaneyulu (Telugu: ఆంజనేయులు) is a 2009 Telugu action film that stars Ravi Teja and Nayantara in the lead roles while actors Prakash Raj and Sonu Sood play a pivotal roles. Directed by Parasuram and with music by Thaman produced by Ganesh Babu the film was released on 12 August 2009. It was dubbed into Hindi as Sher Dil (2010).
 Thiruppu Munai (translation: Turning Point) is a 1989 Tamil crime film directed by Kalaivanan Kannadasan. The film features Karthik and Chitra in lead roles. The film produced by B. Kandaswami had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 3 November 1989.
 Chimpanzee is a 2012 nature documentary film about a young common chimpanzee named Oscar who finds himself alone in the African forests until he is adopted by another chimpanzee who takes him in and raises him like his own child. The U.S. release of the film is narrated by Tim Allen.The film was released by Disneynature and directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield.
 Something of Value is a 1957 drama directed by Richard Brooks and starring Rock Hudson Dana Wynter and Sidney Poitier.The movie based on the book of the same name by Robert Ruark portrays the Mau Mau uprising in Kenya. It shows the colonial and native African conflict caused by colonialism and differing views on how life should be lived. It stars Rock Hudson as the colonial and Sidney Poitier as the native Kenyan. The two men grew up together but have drifted apart at maturity.
 Hollow Man 2 is a science fiction horror film directed by Claudio Fäh and starring Peter Facinelli Laura Regan and Christian Slater. It is the sequel to the film Hollow Man. It was released direct-to-video on May 23 2006 with the tag line There's More to Terror Than Meets the Eye.
 The Bastard is a 1978 made-for-television drama film/mini-series. It is based on the historical novel The Bastard written by John Jakes originally published in 1974. It is the first story in a series known as The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events or people to tell the story of the United States of America in the time period leading up to the American Revolution.
 Too Many Crooks is a 1930 British comedy crime film directed by George King and starring Laurence Olivier Dorothy Boyd and Arthur Stratton. A man tries to burgle his own safe the same night as a professional criminal also attempts to break into it.The film is currently missing from the BFI National Archive and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's 75 Most Wanted lost films.
 Barbie as the Princess and the Pauper is a 2004 direct-to-video computer animated Barbie film and the first musical in the Barbie film series. It is directed by William Lau and stars the voice of Kelly Sheridan who has been voicing Barbie in all the CGI films to date as both Anneliese and Erika. The story is loosely inspired by the Mark Twain novel The Prince and the Pauper but it is unrelated to the 1939 film The Princess and the Pauper.
 Fear is a 1946 low-budget film noir directed by Alfred Zeisler. The film is considered a loose adaptation of Dostoyevsky's Crime and Punishment.
 Left in Darkness is a 2006 horror film produced by IDT Entertainment and Soul Eaters Productions Inc. The film stars Monica Keena David Anders Jessica Stroup and Travis Van Winkle.
 Ape is a 2012 American independent film written and directed by Joel Potrykus starring Joshua Burge as Trevor Newandyke.A black comedy and rage fantasy the film follows failing stand-up comic Trevor as he suffers one humiliation after another both on stage and off. His only outlet is a secret pyromania on display at home and in public. His anger hits the streets after making a deal with a man dressed as the Devil.
 Du skal ære din hustru (also known as Master of the House or Thou Shalt Honour Thy Wife) is a 1925 Danish silent comedy film drama directed and written by acclaimed filmmaker Carl Theodor Dreyer. The film marked the debut of Karin Nellemose. The silent is regarded as a classic by many in Danish cinema and has been released on DVD.
 The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford is a 1915 American silent film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Deshdrohi is a 2008 Hindi movie. The film stars Ankit Sharma Krishna Abhishek Hrishitaa Bhatt Gracy Singh and Zulfi Syed.
 L'iguana dalla lingua di fuoco (internationally released as The Iguana with the Tongue of Fire) is a 1971 Italian giallo film. It is directed by Riccardo Freda who was unhappy with the film and had his name replaced with the pseudonym Willy Pareto. The film is loosely based on the novel A Room Without a Door written by Richard Mann.
 Paradise for Two is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Jack Hulbert Patricia Ellis and Arthur Riscoe. It is also known by the alternative title Gaiety Girls. A chorus girl is mistaken for a millionaire's girlfriend.
 The Gypsies of Svinia is a 1998 documentary film about the Roma population in Svinia Slovakia. The film documents the people within the community and follows David Scheffel a Canadian anthropologist as he attempts to gain the support of charitable agencies the Heifer Project International the Canadian International Development Agency and Habitat for Humanity International.The film was directed by John Paskievich and produced by Joe MacDonald through the National Film Board of Canada.
 Kalam Mari Katha Mari (Malayalam: കാലം മാറി കഥ മാറി) is a 1987 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair written by Devan. V. and starring Mammootty Shobhana Adoor Bhasi and Lalu Alex. The film was produced by T. E. Vasudevan.
 Tora's Pure Love (男はつらいよ 寅次郎純情詩集 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Junjō Shishū) aka Torasan Meets his School-Mates and Tora-san's Heart of Gold is a 1976 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Machiko Kyō as his love interest or Madonna. Tora's Pure Love is the eighteenth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series and was Machiko Kyō's penultimate film appearance.
 The Doctor's Dilemma is a 1958 British comedy drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Leslie Caron Dirk Bogarde Alastair Sim Robert Morley and Terence Alexander. It is based on the 1906 play The Doctor's Dilemma by George Bernard Shaw.
 Ooriki Monagadu is a 1981 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Krishna and Jaya Prada in the lead roles. It was remade in Bollywood as Himmatwala in 1983 and as Himmatwala in 2013.
 Ganito Kami Noon Paano Kayo Ngayon? (Tagalog This is how we were How are you doing now?) is a 1976 Filipino romantic musical drama film set in the era of Spanish colonization in the Philippines. It was directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon and Gloria Diaz.
 My Cousin Vinny is a 1992 American comedy film written by Dale Launer and directed by Jonathan Lynn. The film stars Joe Pesci Ralph Macchio Marisa Tomei Mitchell Whitfield Lane Smith Bruce McGill and Fred Gwynne.
 El río y la muerte (English: The River and Death) is a 1955 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Luis Buñuel.
 Woman Thou Art Loosed is a 2004 film directed by Michael Schultz and written by Stan Foster. It was produced by Stan Foster and Reuben Cannon. It is the 44th film or series directed by Schultz and is adapted from the self-help novel by Bishop T.D. Jakes. The film tells the story of a young woman who must come to terms with a long history of sexual abuse drug addiction and poverty.
 The Greater Good is a documentary film about the alleged dangers of vaccines that originally debuted at the Dallas International Film Festival on April 2 2011 and which then began playing in Los Angeles California on October 14 2011 which won awards from the Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival[citation needed] as well as the cinematic vision award at the Amsterdam Film Festival. The filmmakers Kendall Nelson and Chris Pilaro are from Sun Valley Idaho.
 Agent 077: Mission Bloody Mary or Agente 077: Missione Bloody Mary is a 1965 Italian action spy adventure film. The first of the Secret Agent 077 film series directed by Sergio Grieco.
 È caduta una donna is a 1941 Italian drama film.
 Father's Day is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar starring Shehin Indu Thampy Revathi Lal and Shankar Panikkar in the lead roles. this is the second film from director Kalavoor Ravikumar who earlier directed Oridathoru Puzhayundu. Oscar award winner Resul Pookutty made his acting debut through this film.
 Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election is a 2002 47-minute documentary made by Richard Ray Pérez and Joan Sekler and narrated by Peter Coyote about the contested 2000 presidential election in Florida.It was re-released in an extended 56-minute 2004 Campaign Edition presented by Danny Glover to tie in with the 2004 US Presidential Election. A Robert Greenwald Productions Films it was co-executive produced by Greenwald and Earl Katz of Public Interest Pictures.
 The Cobbler is an upcoming American comedy-drama film directed by Thomas McCarthy and co-written with Paul Sado. The film stars Adam Sandler Dan Stevens Dustin Hoffman and Steve Buscemi.
 Othello is a 1965 film based on the National Theatre Company's staging of Shakespeare's Othello (1964–66) staged by John Dexter. Directed by Stuart Burge the film starred Laurence Olivier Maggie Smith Joyce Redman and Frank Finlay who all received Academy Award nominations and provided film debuts for both Derek Jacobi and Michael Gambon.
 88 Minutes is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Jon Avnet and starring Al Pacino Alicia Witt Leelee Sobieski William Forsythe Deborah Kara Unger Amy Brenneman Neal McDonough and Benjamin McKenzie. Filming began in the Vancouver area on October 8 2005 and wrapped up in December 2005.
 Chrome and Hot Leather is a 1971 American action revenge film about Green Berets vs bikers with touches of comedy.
 Facciamo paradiso (also known as Looking for Paradise) is a 1995 Italian comedy drama filmdirected by Mario Monicelli. It is based on a short story by Giuseppe Pontiggia.
 A Will of their Own is a 1998 American television mini-series directed by Karen Arthur. The film follows six generations of females within one family and their struggle for power and independence in America. The film debuted on October 18 1998 on the NBC network to strong critical reviews. It was released to DVD late 2003.
 Wah Do Dem is an American independent film directed by Ben Chace and Sam Fleischner in 2009 and released in 2010.The major roles are played by Kevin Bewersdorf Sean Bones Sullivan (of Brooklyn band Sam Champion) and Carl Bradshaw who played Jose in the 1972 film The Harder They Come.
 The Three Worlds of Gulliver is a 1960 Columbia Pictures fantasy film loosely based upon the 18th-century Irish novel Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift. The film stars Kerwin Mathews as the titular character June Thorburn as his fiancée Elizabeth and child actor Sherry Alberoni as Glumdalclitch. Filmed in England and Spain Gulliver was directed by Jack Sher and featured stop-motion animation and special visual effects by Ray Harryhausen.
 Der Sieg des Glaubens (English: Victory of Faith) (1933) is the first propaganda film directed by Leni Riefenstahl. Her film recounts the Fifth Party Rally of the Nazi Party which occurred in Nuremberg from 30 August to 3 September 1933. The film is of great historic interest because it shows Adolf Hitler and Ernst Röhm on close and intimate terms before Rohm was shot on the orders of Hitler on the Night of the Long Knives in July 1934.
 Seven Years in Tibet is a French 1997 film based on the 1952 book Seven Years in Tibet written by Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer on his experiences in Tibet between 1944 and 1951 during World War II the interim period and the Chinese People's Liberation Army's invasion of Tibet in 1950. The film was directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and starred Brad Pitt and David Thewlis.
 Two Left Feet is a 1963 Comedy-drama film (British Lion) directed by Roy Ward Baker starring Nyree Dawn Porter Michael Crawford David Hemmings and Julia Foster.
 Theresa is a Mother is a 2014 American made comedy drama feature film directed by C. Fraser Press and Darren Press and starring Edie McClurg C. Fraser Press Matthew Gumley Schuyler Iona Press Maeve Press and Richard Poe. The screenplay is by C. Fraser Press. The film was produced by A May Sky Picture Entertainment and is being distributed worldwide by the Vancouver based Industry Works Pictures.The film has screened at numerous film festivals around the country.
 Ziddi is a 1997 bollywood action movie directed by Guddu Dhanoa and produced by N. R. Pachisia. The movie has Sunny Deol and Raveena Tandon in lead roles with Anupam Kher Sachin Khedekar and Ashish Vidyarthi in other important roles. It is the story of a hot-tempered and stubborn man Deva who is feared because of his ruthless ways and severe punishment to the local hoodlums.
 Meri Pyaari Bahania Banegi Dulhania is a 2001 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jayant Gilatar starring Mithun Chakraborty Rajeshwari Sachdev and Vishwajeet Pradhan.
 Ratra Aarambh (Devnagari: रात्र आरंभ) is a thriller Marathi movie directed by Ajay Phansekar released in India in 1999 starring Dilip Prabhavalkar as an old man suffering from split personality. This is the first Marathi movie on Paranoid SchizophreniaThe story revolves around the two worlds inhabited by Prabhakar Phadke / Vasudeo Balwant Thombre - Dilip Prabhavalkar - an ordinary senior citizen who is an avid reader of crime fiction.
 My Angel is a 2011 British Christmas film written directed and produced by Stephen Cookson. Starring Timothy Spall Brenda Blethyn Celia Imrie Mel Smith and introducing Joseph Phillips it tells the story of a boy played by the latter looking for an angel to save his mother after an accident.
 The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the sequel to 2011's The Hangover Part II and the third and final film in The Hangover trilogy. The film stars Bradley Cooper Ed Helms Zach Galifianakis Justin Bartha and Ken Jeong. The supporting cast includes: Jeffrey Tambor Heather Graham Jamie Chung Mike Epps and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin.
 Kenny Begins is a 2009 Swedish comedy science fiction film directed by Carl Åstrand and Mats Lindberg. Johan Rheborg stars as Kenny Starfighter an aspiring galaxy hero who crash lands on Earth. The film is made as a standalone prequel to the 1997 television series Kenny Starfighter. It holds the record for most special effects in a Swedish film placing the previous recordholder Frostbite at #2.
 Un sábado más (Another Saturday) is Mexican motion picture categorized as action and drama. The film was released in 1988.
 Life Show (Chinese: 生活秀; pinyin: shēng húo xiù) is a 2002 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi. A drama Life Show tells the story of a restaurant owner played by Tao Hong whose busy life dealing with family and business is nevertheless a lonely one. Her life takes a turn however when one of her long-time customers played by Tao Zeru shows a romantic interest in her. The film was a co-production between the China Film Group and the Beijing Film Studio.
 The King of Marvin Gardens is a 1972 American drama film. It stars Jack Nicholson Bruce Dern Ellen Burstyn and Scatman Crothers. It is one of several collaborations between Nicholson and director Bob Rafelson. The majority of the film is set in a wintry Atlantic City New Jersey with cinematography by László Kovács.The title alludes to the Marven Gardens in Margate New Jersey as well as to one of the properties in the original Monopoly game.
 The Bride (Turkish: Gelin) is a 1973 Turkish drama film written and directed by Ömer Lütfi Akad about a young woman who moves with her husband and sick child to Istanbul. The film which won three awards including best film at the 5th Adana Golden Boll International Film Festival was voted one of the 10 Best Turkish Films by the Ankara Cinema Association.
 Once Around is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama film about a young woman who falls for and eventually marries an overbearing older man who proceeds to rub her close-knit family the wrong way while exposing the dynamics of other family members along the way. It stars Richard Dreyfuss Holly Hunter Danny Aiello Laura San Giacomo and Gena Rowlands and was directed by Lasse Hallström.
 Na Tum Jaano Na Hum (Hindi: ना तुम जानो ना हम Urdu: نہ تم جانو نہ ہم‎ translation: Neither you know nor I) is a 2002 Bollywood romance film starring Hrithik Roshan Esha Deol and Saif Ali Khan. The film is directed by Arjun Sablok. Despite its celebrity cast the film failed to perform well at the box office.
 For the soundtrack album from this special see Elvis in Concert (album).Elvis In Concert is a posthumous 1977 TV special starring Elvis Presley. It was Elvis' third and final TV special following Elvis (aka The '68 Comeback Special) and Aloha From Hawaii. It was filmed during Presley's final tour in the cities of Omaha Nebraska on June 19 1977 and Rapid City South Dakota on June 21 1977. It was shown on CBS on October 3 1977 two months after Presley died.
 The Power of Right is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring James Knight Evelyn Boucher and Frank Petley. The film had strong similarities to The Warrior Strain also featuring the Prince of Wales and directed by Thornton.
 Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy film starring Dane Cook and Jessica Alba. In the film women find their one true love after having sex with a dentist named Chuck (Cook). Chuck meets a girl named Cam (Alba) and tries to become her true love. The film opened in theaters on September 21 2007 and was heavily panned by critics.
 Fantozzi (also known as White Collar Blues) is a 1975 cult Italian comedy movie.
 The Initiation is a 1984 American slasher film starring Daphne Zuniga Clu Gulager Vera Miles James Read Marilyn Kagan Hunter Tylo.
 Easy Money (Swedish: Snabba cash) is a Swedish thriller film directed by Daniel Espinosa that was released on 15 January 2010. It is based on the 2006 novel of the same name by Jens Lapidus. Joel Kinnaman stars in the lead role of Johan JW Westlund a rather poor man living a double life in the upper class areas of Stockholm. After meeting a wealthy girl he is enticed into the world of organized crime and begins to sell cocaine to afford his expensive lifestyle.
 The Gypsy and the Gentleman is a 1958 British film directed by Joseph Losey. It stars Melina Mercouri and Keith Michell.
 Karayilekku Oru Kadal Dooram (Malayalam: കരയിലേക്ക്‌ ഒരു കടൽ ദൂരം; English: A Sea Away to the Shore) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Vinod Mankara starring Indrajith Mamta Mohandas and Dhanya Mary Varghese in the lead roles.
 The Wildest Show in the South: The Angola Prison Rodeo is a 1999 American short documentary film directed by Simeon Soffer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Satish Kaushik released on 24 August 2000. The film stars Anil Kapoor Aishwarya Rai and Sonali Bendre in lead roles. It is a remake of the Telugu film Pellichesukundam. The song Gham Hai Kyon was copied from Tamil film Avvai Shanmugi Kathala Kathala song.
 We from the Urals (Russian: Мы с Урала) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Lev Kuleshov and Aleksandra Khokhlova.
 Fantoche is a 1957 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 While New York Sleeps (1920) is a crime drama produced by Fox Film Corporation and directed by Charles Brabin the husband of Theda Bara. The film tells three distinct episodic stories using the same actors Estelle Taylor and Marc McDermott.
 In a Woman's Power is a 1913 Comedy film directed by Herbert Brenon.
 Karpoora Mullai is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Fazil starring Amala Raja and Srividya. The film a bi-lingual was simultaneously shot in Malayalam as Ente Sooryaputhrikku.
 Saajan Chale Sasural is a 1996 Bollywood comedy film starring Govinda Karisma Kapoor Tabu Kader Khan and Satish Kaushik. The film was directed by David Dhawan. It is based on the 1994 Rajinikanth starrer Veera which itself is a remake of the Mohan Babu starrer 1992 Telugu film Allari Mogudu. a French dubbing parody of this movie called New Délire was released in 2007.
 Matir Pahar is a 1959 Bengali film. The film was directed by Mohiuddin Ahmad. This was the third film made in Bangladesh (at that time East Pakistan).
 Soorat Aur Seerat is a 1962 Hindi film directed by Rajnish Behl. The film stars Dharmendra Nutan K. N. Singh Iftekar and Asit Sen.The films music is by Roshan.
 Cube is a Canadian psychological thriller horror film series. The three films were directed by Vincenzo Natali Andrzej Sekuła and Ernie Barbarash respectively.All three films are based on the same premise: there is a gigantic mechanical cubical structure of unknown purpose and origin made up of lots of smaller cubical rooms. Each of these rooms has six doors one on each face of the cube which lead into adjacent identically decorated rooms only differing by colour.
 Go Fish is a 1994 American lesbian-themed independent drama film. Directed and co-written (with her then-girlfriend Guinevere Turner) by Rose Troche the film tells the story of the interrelationships of a small group of lesbian friends in Chicago. The narrative is broken up by a number of discussions on lesbian issues dream sequences commentary that breaks the fourth wall and moments of free verse poetry. Go Fish was part of a wave of LGBT-themed films that appeared in the mid-1990s.
 Out of My Intention (Hangul: 나도 모르게; RR: Nado Moleugae) is a 2008 South Korean short film written and directed by Yoo Ji-tae. It is the third short film by actor-turned-director Yoo and the first of his films to receive a public release. Lee Dae-yeon and Jo An star as the film's only characters.
 War Department Report is a 1943 documentary film directed by Oliver Lundquist. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Deadly Voyage is a 1996 television film directed by John Mackenzie and written by Stuart Urban. Produced by Union Pictures and John Goldschmidt's Viva Films for joint distribution to BBC Films and HBO Films it tells the true story of Kingsley Ofosu the sole survivor of a group of nine African stowaways discovered aboard the cargo ship MC Ruby in 1992 and subsequently murdered by that ship's crew. It is also the title of a book.
 The Live Wire is a 1935 American adventure film directed / produced by Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures starring stuntman Richard Talmadge in the lead role.
 Oru Veedu Iru Vasal is a 1990 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Yamini Kumaresh and Ganesh. Contrived and manipulating yet tugging at your heart. This is actually two movies put together. Their connection is contrived and hence the climax is a let-down. But individually they are wonderful pieces. Violin virtuoso-brothers Ganesh and Kumaresh have been used brilliantly and have delivered excellent performances for their debut.
 The Buttercup Chain is a 1970 British drama film directed by Robert Ellis Miller. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.
 X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first installment in the X-Men film series. The film directed by Bryan Singer written by David Hayter and features an ensemble cast that includes Patrick Stewart Hugh Jackman Ian McKellen Halle Berry Famke Janssen James Marsden Rebecca Romijn Bruce Davison Ray Park Tyler Mane and Anna Paquin.
 Jawan of Vellimala (English: The Soldier of Vellimala) is a 2012 Malayalam film written by James Albert and directed by debutant Anoop Kannan. It stars Mammootty Sreenivasan Mamta Mohandas and Asif Ali.
 Marigolds in August is a 1980 South African drama film directed by Ross Devenish based on the play of the same name by Athol Fugard. It was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Berlin Bear Anniversary Prize.
 The Warring States is a 2011 Chinese film directed by Chen Jin. The story takes place during the Warring States period but is only very loosely based on the actual history. The plot focuses on the rivalry between military generals Pang Juan and Sun Bin both disciples of Guiguzi.
 Peony Pavilion is a 2001 Hong Kong drama film directed by Yonfan. It was entered into the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival where Rie Miyazawa won the award for Best Actress.
 Pecker is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by John Waters and starring Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci. Like all Waters' films it was filmed and set in Baltimore; this film was set in the Hampden neighborhood.The film examines the rise to fame and potential fortune of a budding photographer.
 The Star Packer is a 1934 Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne George Gabby Hayes Yakima Canutt and Verna Hillie.
 Loverboy is a 2005 dramatic film. It was directed by Kevin Bacon and the cast includes his wife Kyra Sedgwick as well as both of their children Travis and Sosie. Thus far it is the only film credit for both the children though Sosie Bacon would later appear on the television show The Closer.
 Jahan Pyar Mile is a 1970 Hindi film directed by Lekh Tandon. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Hema Malini Nadira and Helen. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Rock 'n' Roll Band is the second concert film released by rock band Tea Leaf Green. Originally recorded live at the Fox Theatre in Boulder Colorado it captures the bands May 19 2006 performance. It was the first show of their early summer Midwest tour.Directed by Justin Kreutzmann son of Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann this part concert DVD part documentary fully encapsulates the essence of the band both on and off the stage.
 Downstream is a 2010 post-apocalyptic film that takes place in a near-future dystopia where gasoline is scarce and a drifter tries to reach a rumored utopian city Plutopia powered by clean energy. The film is directed by Simone Bartesaghi and co-directed written and produced by Philip Y. Kim.
 Invisible Wings (Chinese: 隐形的翅膀; pinyin: yǐn xíng de chì bǎng) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Feng Zhenzhi and starring the amputee Lei Qingyao. Lei plays Zhi Hua in a sobering tale based on her own life.
 Find Me Guilty is a 2006 American courtroom comedy crime film co-written and directed by Sidney Lumet based on the true story of the longest Mafia trial in American history.Mobster Giacomo Jackie DiNorscio (played by Vin Diesel) faces a series of charges even though he has a prior 30-year conviction but he decides to stand trial instead of ratting out his family and associates.
 As Good as It Gets is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by James L. Brooks and produced by Laura Ziskin. It stars Jack Nicholson as a misanthropic obsessive-compulsive novelist Helen Hunt as a single mother with an asthmatic son and Greg Kinnear as a gay artist. The screenplay was written by Mark Andrus and James L.
 A Good Little Devil is a 1914 silent film starring Mary Pickford produced by Adolph Zukor and Daniel Frohman and distributed on a 'State's Rights' basis. Pickford along with friend Lillian Gish appeared in the Broadway play version of the story prior to Pickford making this film. Much of the cast of the play appeared in the film version. This film is essentially lost with only one of the five reels surviving.
 Mobile Home is a 2012 Belgian comedy-drama film directed by François Pirot. It was written by Pirotand Marteen Loix and Jean-Benoît Ugeux. It premiered on August 4 2012 at the Locarno International Film Festival. The film was nominated for seven Magritte Awards winning Most Promising Actress and Best Original Score.
 A Problem with Fear or Laurie's Anxiety Confronting the Escalator is a 2003 absurdist comedy film by Canadian film-maker Gary Burns.
 Varnakkazchchakal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
 Sapnon Ka Mandir is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Pradip Jain and produced by Suresh Kumar Jain. It stars Jeetendra and Jaya Prada in pivotal roles.
 13 Days to Die or Der Fluch des schwarzen Rubin is a 1965 Italian and West German spy film drama directed by Alberto Cardone and Manfred R. Köhler.
 Heena is the name of a 1991 Bollywood film produced and directed by Randhir Kapoor and starring his brother Rishi Kapoor Ashwini Bhave (both of India) and Zeba Bakhtiyar (of Pakistan) also renowned as Neha Seti. It was shot in Kashmir. This film's project was planned and started by legendary director Raj Kapoor but due to his demise during the filming stage the remaining portions were directed by his son Randhir Kapoor. Hence this film is considered as the last film of Raj Kapoor.
 Rampage is a 2006 documentary by Australian war artist George Gittoes. It is a sequel to his previous documentary Soundtrack to War. The film follows the lives of three brothers living in Miami's notorious brown sub ghettos. Hip hop performers Swizz Beatz Fat Joe and DJ Kaleb appear in the film.
 Pavana Ganga (Kannada: ಪಾವನಗಂಗಾ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by C. Jayaram. It is based on the novel of the same name by Krishnamoorthy Puranik. The film starred Srinath Aarathi and Ashok in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Fantômas is a 1946 French crime film directed by Jean Sacha and starring Marcel Herrand Simone Signoret and Alexandre Rignault. The film features the fictional master criminal Fantômas created by Marcel Allain and Pierre Souvestre. It was based on a novel by Allain written after Souvestre's death. It is one of a significant number of films based on the Fantômas character.
 Hitler (1962) is a black and white U.S. made film (that was later re-released with the title Women of Nazi Germany). The film stars Richard Basehart in the title role of Adolf Hitler. Cordula Trantow stars as Geli Raubal and Maria Emo as Eva Braun. John Banner stars as Gregor Strasser.
 Raiders of the Living Dead is a 1986 motion picture a zombie horror film directed by Samuel M. Sherman from a script he co-wrote with Brett Piper.
 The Border Patrolman is a 1936 American film directed by David Howard.
 They Meet Again is a 1941 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton one of the six films in the Dr. Christian series.
 Spooky Hooky is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 149th Our Gang (61st talking episode) short that was released.
 Django Unchained (/ˈdʒæŋɡoʊ/) is a 2012 American western film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino who made the film as a highly stylized variation of the spaghetti Western which takes place in the Old West but primarily taking place in America's pre-Civil War South. The film stars Jamie Foxx Christoph Waltz Leonardo DiCaprio Kerry Washington and Samuel L.
 Gangster's Paradise: Jerusalema originally titled Jerusalema is a 2008 South African crime film written and directed by Ralph Ziman. The film was submitted to the Academy Awards to qualify as a nominee for Best Foreign Language Film
 Ithu Nammude Katha (Malayalam: ഇതു നമ്മുടെ കഥ English: This Is Our Story) is a 2011 Malayalam film written and directed by Rajesh Kannankara who debuts with this film. It stars Asif Ali Nishan Abhishek Vineeth Kumar Ananya Amala Paul and Nimisha in the lead roles. The film is an unofficial remake of 2009 Tamil film Nadodigal with story credited to Samuthirakani. The story revolves around a girl with lot of problems. She enters the life of a group of three youngsters.
 Hush is a 1998 American thriller starring Gwyneth Paltrow Johnathon Schaech and Jessica Lange.
 Musafir is a 1957 Hindi movie written by Ritwik Ghatak and Hrishikesh Mukherjee and directed by the latter in a directorial debut. The film is about a house and the lives of three families who live in it so in essence it is three stories linked by the house. The movie is Hrishikesh's directorial debut. The film stars Dilip Kumar Kishore Kumar Keshto Mukherjee Suchitra Sen and Nirupa Roy. The music is by Salil Chowdhury.
 The Humpty Dumpty Man is a 1986 Australian film which was the first feature directed by P.J. Hogan. It was based on the David Combe affair.
 Book Girl (劇場版文学少女 Gekijōban Bungaku Shōjo Book Girl Film Edition) is a Japanese anime film directed by Shunsuke Tada and produced by Production I.G as a commemoration of Enterbrain's ten-year anniversary. The film is based on the light novel series Book Girl written by Mizuki Nomura with illustrations by Miho Takeoka. It was released in Japanese theaters on May 1 2010 and later released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on August 27 2010 by Pony Canyon.
 Your Very Good Health is a 1948 British animated public information film about the foundation of the National Health Service (NHS). It explains how people would be affected by the National Health Service Act introduced under Clement Attlee.
 La Marie du port (English: Marie of the Port) is a 1950 French romantic drama film directed by Marcel Carné. The screenplay was written by Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes and Jacques Prévert based on a novel by Georges Simenon. The music score is by Joseph Kosma and the cinematography by Henri Alekan. It was filmed on location in Cherbourg Normandy France.
 The Pharmacist is a 1933 American film directed by Arthur Ripley.
 Cab Number 13 (Italian: Il fiacre n. 13) is a 1948 drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Vera Carmi.
 Sonnal Thaan Kathala is a 2001 Tamil romance film directed produced by and starring T. Rajendar. Murali Roja Selvamani Karan Livingston and Vadivelu play other important roles while Silambarasan Rajendar makes a special appearance.
 This article is about a 1981 film. For the saints please see Feast of Saints Peter and Paul.Peter and Paul is a 1981 biblical drama film starring Anthony Hopkins as Paul of Tarsus and Robert Foxworth as Peter the Fisherman David Gwillim as Mark and Jon Finch as Luke. It was directed by Robert Day. The film mostly shows the works of Paul beginning with his being struck down and converted by the Lord Jesus on the road to Damascus.
 Chu-Chin-Chow is a 1934 British musical film directed by Walter Forde and starring George Robey Fritz Kortner and Anna May Wong. It was an adaptation of the play Chu Chin Chow by Oscar Asche and Frederick Norton.The movie was the inspiration for Stan Lee's creation of the Marvel Comics monster Fin Fang Foom.
 Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House (1948) is an American comedy film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Cary Grant and Myrna Loy. The film was written and produced by the team of Melvin Frank and Norman Panama and was an adaptation of Eric Hodgins' popular 1946 novel illustrated by William Steig.The film was a box office hit upon its release and has remained a popular film[citation needed] through cable television broadcasts and the home video market.
 Crash is a 1974 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Rolf Clemens starring Jan Solberg and Hanne Krogh. A motorcycle accident leaves the young Jan (Solberg) paralysed. This new situation challenges his attitude towards life and his relationship both with his parents and with his girlfriend Marianne (Krogh).
 Too Colourful for the League is a 52-minutes 2001 Canadian documentary film made for CBC-TV directed by Daniel Cross and Mila Aung-Thwin and produced by Diversus Productions. The film was produced by Evan Beloff Ari Cohen and Max Wallace who were nominated for a Gemini Award for best documentary.
 Karujaht Pärnumaal (Estonian; English: Bear hunt in Pärnu county) is the first Estonian narrative film 1914 directed by Johannes Pääsuke.
 The Love Tyrant is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It was described as an Australian drama about the back blocks and a stirring drama full of thrilling incidents. It was set during the early bushranging days.It is a lost film.
 Prahlad is a 1931 Bengali film directed by Priyanath Gangopadhyay produced by Madan Theatre Limited. It released on 29 December 1931 in Calcutta.
 The Man of the Crowd (Portuguese: O Homem das Multidões) is a 2013 Brazilian drama film directed by Marcelo Gomes based on the short story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe. The film was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Op Stap is a 1935 Dutch musical comedy film directed by Ernst Winar.
 East Lynne is a 1925 film based on the famous story.
 Comanche Station is a 1960 American CinemaScope western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott Nancy Gates and Claude Akins. The film was the last of Boetticher's late 1950s Ranown Cycle.
 Dog Altogether is the first short film to be entirely written and directed by Paddy Considine. The term 'Dog Altogether' comes from an Irish expression that Paddy's father used to use when situations got really bad. It was filmed on Jan 22 2007 in Glasgow.The lead role of Joseph is taken by Scottish actor/director Peter Mullan who was hand picked by Paddy to play a role loosely based on Paddy's late father (also called Joseph). Mullan is a winner of several BIFA and BAFTA best actor awards.
 Beyond the Valley of the Dolls is a 1970 American schlock melodrama film starring Dolly Read Cynthia Myers Marcia McBroom John LaZar Michael Blodgett and David Gurian.
 Volta is a 2004 action-adventure-comedy film starring Ai-Ai de las Alas as Volta. It was released under Star Cinema ABS-CBN Film Productions. The story revolves around an ordinary woman who was given the power of electricity and used this gift for the common good by becoming a caped crusader donning a red suit. The film would serve as the inspiration for 2008 TV series of the same name albeit a different setting storyline and a more comedic tone that was way different from the movie.
 Agneepath (Hindi: अग्निपथ;English:The Path of Fire) is a 1990 Hindi crime drama film directed by Mukul Anand. It stars Amitabh Bachchan as the main protagonist Vijay Deenanath Chauhan along with Mithun Chakraborty Madhavi Neelam Kothari Rohini Hattangadi and Danny Denzongpa as the antagonist Kancha Cheena.
 The Symbol of the Unconquered (aka The Wilderness Trail) is a 1920 silent race film drama produced written and directed by Oscar Micheaux. This film is Micheaux's fourth feature length film and along with Within Our Gates is amongst his earliest surviving works. This film was made at Fort Lee New Jersey and released by Micheaux on November 29 1920. A print of the film is extant at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
 Paranoid is a 2000 indie film directed by John Duigan which was made for theatrical release but subsequently received a limited international theatrical release. It was released directly to video in most countries. It stars Jessica Alba and Iain Glen.
 Pardes (English: Foreign Land) is a Bollywood musical drama film directed by Subhash Ghai. It was released on 8 August 1997. The film stars Shahrukh Khan Amrish Puri Alok Nath and newcomers Mahima Chaudhry and Apurva Agnihotri. The film was a commercial critical and musical hit. Mahima Chaudary won the Best Newcomer Award for her performance. The film was remade in Telugu as Pelli Kanuka (1998).
 The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement is a 2004 American comedy film and the sequel to 2001's The Princess Diaries. Unlike the first film this movie is not based on any of the books.Most of the cast returned from the first film including Julie Andrews Anne Hathaway Héctor Elizondo and Heather Matarazzo.
 Babe is a 1995 comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Chris Noonan. It is an adaptation of Dick King-Smith's 1983 novel The Sheep-Pig also known as Babe: The Gallant Pig in the USA which tells the story of a pig who wants to be a sheepdog. The main animal characters are played by a combination of real and animatronic pigs and Border Collies.After seven years of development Babe was filmed in Robertson New South Wales Australia.
 Nerone is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Castellacci & Pingitore. It parodies real life event of the Roman emperor Nero.
 Dollar Dreams is a bilingual (English and Telugu) film directed and produced by Sekhar Kammula starring Anish Kuruvilla Priyanka Veer Santosh Kumar Anil Prashanth and Dashveer Singh.
 The Golden Lady is a 1979 British thriller film directed by José Ramón Larraz and starring Christina World Desmond Llewelyn Suzanne Danielle and June Chadwick.
 Transgression (Hangul: 파계; RR: Pagye) is a 1974 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 The Slams is a 1973 film directed by Jonathan Kaplan. The film starred Jim Brown. It was produced by Gene Corman brother of famous B-movie producer Roger Corman. Gene hired Kaplan on the basis of the director's handling of the black subplot in Roger Corman's The Student Teachers. The only requirement was that Kaplan meet with Jim Brown.
 Escape from East Berlin is a 1962 film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Don Murray.
 Samaantharangal (Malayalam: സമാന്തരങ്ങള്‍ English: Parallelism) is a 1998 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Balachandra Menon. The film stars Menon himself along with Maathu Renuka and Sukumari in supporting roles.The film depicts the clash between father and son and won several awards including two National Film Awards at 45th National Film Awards. Balachandra Menon portrayed the role of station master father and was acclaimed for his performance.
 Death of a Legend was the first of three documentary films by Bill Mason about wolves helping to dispel the image of wolves as evil and demonstrating their role in maintaining the balance of nature. Released in 1971 Death of the Legend was the first documentary to feature footage of wolves being born in the wild and their first year of life. The film was followed two years later by Mason's feature length theatrical documentary on wolves Cry of the Wild.
 Snow Cake is a 2006 independent drama film directed by Marc Evans and starring Alan Rickman Sigourney Weaver Carrie-Anne Moss Emily Hampshire and Callum Keith Rennie.
 The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima is a Warner color feature film made in 1952. It was promoted as a fact-based treatment of the events surrounding the apparitions of Our Lady of Fátima in 1917.It stars Susan Whitney as Lucia dos Santos Sammy Ogg as Francisco Marto and Sherry Jackson as Jacinta Marto with Gilbert Roland as a fictional character named Hugo a kindly but agnostic friend of the three children who rediscovered his faith in God through the Solar Miracle of Fatima.
 Devil Dog: The Hound of Hell is a 1978 television movie directed by Curtis Harrington. The story centers on a suburban family and the harrowing experiences they endure from a possessed dog they innocently adopt. The film stars Richard Crenna as Mike Barry the father Yvette Mimieux as Betty the mother and Kim Richards and Ike Eisenmann as Bonnie and Charlie their children.
 And God Created Woman is a 1988 film directed by Roger Vadim and starring Rebecca De Mornay and Vincent Spano. It is a remake of the 1956 French film Et Dieu… créa la femme (And God created woman) starring Brigitte Bardot also directed by Vadim.
 The Land That Time Forgot is a 1975 fantasy/adventure film based upon the 1924 novel The Land That Time Forgot by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The screenplay was written by Michael Moorcock. The film was produced by Britain's Amicus Productions and directed by Kevin Connor. The cast included Doug McClure John McEnery Keith Barron Susan Penhaligon Anthony Ainley and Declan Mulholland.
 Mysterious Skin is a 2004 Dutch-American drama film directed by American filmmaker Gregg Araki who also wrote the screenplay based on Scott Heim's 1996 novel of the same name.
 Ring of Bright Water is a British feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna. It is a story about a Londoner and his pet otter living on the Scottish coast. The story is fictional but is adapted from the 1960 autobiographical book of the same name by Gavin Maxwell. It featured the stars of Born Free another movie about a close relationship between humans and a wild animal. The film has been released to VHS (1981) and to DVD (2002).
 Racket Busters is a 1938 movie about crime in the trucking industry starring Humphrey Bogart and George Brent. The picture was directed by Lloyd Bacon.
 Just Between Us (Croatian: Neka ostane među nama) is a 2010 Croatian drama film directed by Rajko Grlić starring Miki Manojlović Bojan Navojec Nataša Dorčić Daria Lorenci and Ksenija Marinković.
 To Face Her Past is a 1996 television film directed by Steven Schachter. Based on a true story the film stars Patty Duke Tracey Gold David Ogden Stiers Gabrielle Carteris and James Brolin.
 For Griffith's earlier version see The Battle of the Sexes (1914 film).The Battle of the Sexes (1928) is a film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Jean Hersholt Phyllis Haver Belle Bennett Don Alvarado and Sally O'Neil and released by United Artists. The film was a remake by Griffith of an earlier film he directed in 1914 which starred Lillian Gish.
 The Knife That Killed Me is an upcoming teenage drama film about a teenage boy who becomes involved in knife crime. It was filmed in York North Yorkshire in a purpose-built green screen stage at Green Screen Studios (at the former ARTTS International film school) at Bubwith entirely on green screens.Production began in mid-February 2012 and filming began in mid-April.
 Erskineville Kings is a 1999 Australian drama film directed and produced by newcomer Alan White. The film was produced by Radical Media production made for Palace Films on a minimal budget. It was released on 1 January 1999.The lead actor Hugh Jackman won the FCCA award for Best Male Actor for his performance as Wace the older brother of the Barky played by Marty Denniss who returns home after he hears about his father's death.
 It's All Gone Pete Tong is a 2004 Canadian independent film about Frankie Wilde (played by Paul Kaye) a DJ who goes completely deaf. The title is a reference to a cockney rhyming slang phrase used in Britain from the 80s to present day referring to the BBC Radio 1 DJ Pete Tong standing for it's all gone a bit wrong.The film was released on April 15 2005. The DVD was released on September 20 2005.
 Breaking the Taboo is a 2011 documentary film about the War on Drugs. The film recounts the history of the war on drugs beginning with the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.
 Ein Strom fließt durch Deutschland is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Gaijin: Roads to Freedom (Portuguese: Gaijin - Caminhos da Liberdade; also known as Gaijin a Brazilian Odyssey) is a 1980 Brazilian drama film the debut film of director Tizuka Yamasaki.The film is based on real events in the history of Japanese immigrants who came to Brazil in search of better opportunities. It's sequel Gaijin 2: Love Me As I Am was released on September 2 2005.
 You Changed My Life is a 2009 Filipino romance film starring John Lloyd Cruz and Sarah Geronimo. It is the sequel to the 2008 movie A Very Special Love. Filming started in November 2008 and it was released February 25 2009 by Star Cinema and Viva Films.It received an “A” rating from the Cinema Evaluation Board of the Philippines.
 Voy a hablar de la esperanza is a 1966 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Alfredo Alcón Inda Ledesma and Raúl Rossi.
 Asokamala is a 1947 Sri Lankan historical film. It was the second film made in the Sinhalese language and the first by a Sinhalese director. It also was the first film that W. D. Albert Perera (later known as Amaradeva) Mohideen Baig and Mohammed Ghouse contributed to. The melodies of the songs of 'Asokamala' were original ones devised by Mohamed Ghouse- a departure from what was to be the copying of Indian melodies in the time to come.
 The Rumble of the Stones (Spanish: El rumor de las piedras) is a 2011 Venezuelan drama film directed by Alejandro Bellame Palacios. The film was selected as the Venezuelan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 The Lion Roars (河东狮吼) is a 2002 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Joe Ma. The film starred Louis Koo Cecilia Cheung Fan Bingbing
 The Long Ships is a 1964 British-Yugoslavian adventure film directed by Jack Cardiff and stars Richard Widmark Sidney Poitier and Russ Tamblyn.
 Más allá del sol is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Objectified is a feature-length documentary film examining the role of everyday non-living objects and the people who design them in our daily lives. The film is directed by Gary Hustwit. Objectified premiered at the South By Southwest Festival on March 14 2009.According to Swiss Dots Production the film is the second part in a 3-film series Design Trilogy the first being Helvetica about the famous typeface and the third and last film being the documentary Urbanized.
 El Gringo is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Eduardo Rodríguez produced by After Dark Films written by Jonathan Stokes and starring Scott Adkins Christian Slater and Yvette Yates.
 Adorer jamai (Bengali: আদরের জামাই) is a Bengali action comedy film directed by Shahadat Hossion Liton and produced by Impress Telifilm Ltd. The film features Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas in the lead roles with Nipun and Misa Shodugor in other pivotal roles. and did well at the box-office.
 Bounce Ko Gals (バウンス ko GALS) is a 1997 Japanese film directed by Masato Harada.
 The Diane Linkletter Story is a 1970 16mm short film by American filmmaker John Waters starring Divine Mary Vivian Pearceand David Lochary
 Selänne is a 2013 documentary film by Finnish director JP Siili about the Finnish professional ice hockey winger Teemu Selänne. The film covers both his professional and personal life.
 Sagina is a 1974 Hindi movie produced by J.K. Kapur and directed by Tapan Sinha the film stars Dilip Kumar Saira Banu Aparna Sen and Om Prakash. It was a remake of a Bengali version called Sagina Mahato which was released in 1970 directed by Tapan Sinha with the same lead pair in the cast.
 Summer of Sam is a 1999 American crime thriller film based around the Son of Sam serial murders. It was directed and produced by Spike Lee and stars John Leguizamo Adrien Brody Mira Sorvino and Jennifer Esposito.
 L'enfant Roi is a 2009 film.
 Se permettete parliamo di donne (internationally released as Let's Talk About Women) is a 1964 Italian comedy film. It rapresents the directorial debut of Ettore Scola. The film consists of nine segments all played by Vittorio Gassman.
 Darna is an upcoming Filipino superhero film produced by Star Cinema and Reality Entertainment starring Angel Locsin based on a fictional character and Filipino comics superheroine created by writer Mars Ravelo and artist Nestor Redondo.
 Three Colors: White (French: Trois couleurs: Blanc) is a 1994 French-Polish comedy-drama art film co-written produced and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski. White is the second in The Three Colors Trilogy themed on the French Revolutionary ideals following Blue and preceding Red.Starting in Paris the film depicts Karol Karol a shy man who after being left by his wife in humiliating circumstances loses his money his residency and his friends.
 3000 Miles is a 2007 documentary film filmed during the 2006 Gumball 3000 rally. The film predominantly follows two cars; Bam Margera and Ryan Dunn in Bam's Lamborghini Gallardo and Tony Hawk Mike Vallely and Mike Escamilla in a Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT8 on their 3000 mile journey from London to Los Angeles via Europe and Asia.The film was directed and produced by rally founder Maximillion Cooper.
 2 Harihar Nagar is a 2009 Malayalam film written and directed by Lal and produced by P N Venugopal. It is a sequel to In Harihar Nagar (except the first scene were the four meet each other) and a prequel to In Ghost House Inn. The films chronicle the story of four very close friends Mahadevan (Mukesh) Govindan Kutty (Siddique) Appukuttan (Jagadish) and Thomas Kutty (Ashokan). The film ended up as a blockbuster in the Kerala box office.
 The Gentleman from Nowhere is a 1948 American crime-drama film directed by William Castle.
 Jump Tomorrow is a 2001 independent film and romantic comedy written and directed by Joel Hopkins starring Tunde Adebimpe Hippolyte Girardot and Natalia Verbeke. It concerns George (Adebimpe) a shy bespectacled man who is about to marry a fellow Nigerian American woman named Sophie Ochenado played by Abiola Abrams when he falls for a Spanish woman. It is based on a short film called Jorge. [1]
 La Mala vida is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Mad About Men is a British comedy film made in 1954 in Technicolor. It was directed by Ralph Thomas and written by Peter Blackmore who also wrote the 1948 film Miranda which preceded Mad About Men. Glynis Johns appears in both films as the mermaid Miranda.
 Pooveli is a 1998 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film stars Karthik Abbas Kausalya and Heera Rajgopal in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Bharadwaj while lyrics by Vairamuthu.
 Do Dil Diwane is a 1981 Hindi language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Dharma Durai is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Rajinikanth Gouthami Charan Raj Nizhalgal Ravi and Senthil. The film is a remake of the 1989 Kannada film Deva with Vishnuvardhan in the lead role. The film was dubbed into Telugu as Khaidi Annayya. It was a block-buster movie and completed a 175 day run at the box office.
 Party Monster: The Shockumentary is a 1998 documentary film detailing the rise of the club kid phenomenon in New York City the life of club kid and party promoter Michael Alig and Alig's murder (with Robert Freeze Riggs) of fellow club kid and drug dealer Angel Melendez. Produced by World of Wonder and based in part on the James St. James book on the memoir Disco Bloodbath the film combines interview footage of Alig from prison St.
 Northern Lights also known as Nora Roberts' Northern Lights is a 2009 made-for-TV movie directed by Mike Robe which stars Eddie Cibrian LeAnn Rimes and Rosanna Arquette. The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name and is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection which also includes; Midnight Bayou High Noon and Tribute. The movie debuted March 21 2009 on Lifetime
 The Pearlers is a 1949 documentary film from director Lee Robinson about the pearling industry off the coast of Broome. Robinson later used a similar background for his feature King of the Coral Sea (1954).The movie was released to cinemas as a support feature which was not common at the time and has since come to be regarded as a minor classic of Australian documentary filmmaking.
 Sorority Row is a 2009 American slasher film centred around a college prank that goes wrong and comes back to haunt the sisters of Theta Pi. It is a re-imagining of the 1983 slasher film The House on Sorority Row.
 Caged Heat (alternate title: Renegade Girls) is an exploitation film from 1974 of the women-in-prison film genre. It was written and directed by Jonathan Demme for New World Pictures headed by Roger Corman.
 Fatal Attraction is a 1987 American psychological thriller film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Michael Douglas Glenn Close and Anne Archer. The film centers around a married man who has a weekend affair with a woman who refuses to allow it to end resulting in emotional blackmail stalking and an ensuing obsession on her part.
 Hush Hush Baby (original title: Shouf Shouf Habibi!) is a 2004 Dutch comedy film written and directed by Albert ter Heerdt.
 Pagliacci is a 1982 Italian film of Ruggero Leoncavallo's opera Pagliacci directed by Franco Zeffirelli. Including Plácido Domingo and Teresa Stratas in the starring roles all the actors were opera singers who sang their own parts. Pagliacci was shot on location in Vizzini Sicily at Milan's La Scala opera house and on a movie sound stage. Georges Prêtre conducted the Orchestra and Choir of La Scala.
 Outcast is a 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. It was directed by William A. Seiter and stars Corinne Griffith often considered one of the most beautiful women in film. This story had been filmed in 1917 as The World and the Woman with Jeanne Eagels. 1922 saw a Paramount film of the same name with Elsie Ferguson reprising her stage role. Both films were based on a 1914 play Outcast by Hubert Henry Davies which starred Ferguson.
 The Snitch Cartel (Spanish: El Cartel de los Sapos) is a 2011 Colombian crime film directed by Carlos Moreno. The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Easy Living is a 1949 American drama film directed by Jacques Tourneur starring Victor Mature Lizabeth Scott and Lucille Ball. The film features the real-life Los Angeles Rams football team.
 Kamaraj (Tamil: காமராஜ்) is a 2004 Tamil biographical film made about the life of the Indian politician K. Kamaraj from Tamil Nadu widely acknowledged as the Kingmaker in Indian politics during the 1960s.He was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu during 1954-1963 and a Member of Parliament during 1952-1954 and 1969-1975. He was known for his simplicity and integrity.Music by Ilaiyaraaja and produced by Ramana communications.
 Girls is a lost 1919 silent film comedy directed by Walter Edwards and starring Marguerite Clark. It is based on a 1909 Broadway play by Clyde Fitch which starred Florence Reed in the part Clark plays in this film.
 Strait-Jacket is a 1964 American thriller film starring Joan Crawford and Diane Baker in a macabre mother and daughter tale about a series of axe-murders. Released by Columbia Pictures the film was directed and produced by William Castle and co-produced by Dona Holloway. The screenplay was the first of two written for Castle by Robert Bloch the second being The Night Walker (1964).
 The Girl with the Red Hair (Dutch: Het meisje met het rode haar) is a 1981 Dutch drama film directed by Ben Verbong. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Aparajita Tumi (Bengali: অপরাজিতা তুমি ; English: You Undefeated) is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury. The film stars Prosenjit Chatterjee Padmapriya Janakiraman Kamalinee Mukherjee Chandan Roy Sanyal Indraneil Sengupta. It is a venture of director Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury after his successful and critically acclaimed movie Antaheen. This film also had Shantanu Moitra as music director and Anindya and Chandril as lyricists like Tony's previous film.
 I'm Dangerous Tonight is a 1990 American horror television film directed by Tobe Hooper and starring Mädchen Amick. It made its debut on the USA Network on 8 August 1990 before being released on home video. Loosely inspired by a novella by Cornell Woolrich the film revolves around a cursed Aztec ceremonial cloak that possesses anyone who wears it. Young college student Amy (Amick) decides to make a dress out of the cloth.
 Paasam is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran & B. Saroja Devi in the lead role. The film was released in the 1962.
 The Lion of Amalfi or Il Leone di Amalfi is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Pietro Francisci.
 Con la música en el alma (English language:With the Music in my Soul) is a 1951 Argentine musical film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and written by Carlos A. Petit. The tango film stars Francisco Canaro (also the producer) and Olga Casares Pearson.
 Thunderhead Son of Flicka is a 1945 Technicolor family film directed by Louis King. It was adapted to screen by Dwight Cummins and Dorothy Yost from the novel by Mary O'Hara and is based on the second book in the series following Flicka which was filmed in 1943 (as My Friend Flicka) and remade in 2006.The first feature film to be photographed entirely on 35mm Color negative film in this case Technicolor Color motion picture film (section Monopack color film).
 Raoni (also known as Raoni: The Fight for the Amazon) is a 1978 French-Belgian documentary film directed by Jean-Pierre Dutilleux and Luiz Carlos Saldanha on the life of Raoni Metuktire. The film portrays issues surrounding the survival of the indigenous Indian tribes of north central Brazil. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Take Me To Town is a 1953 film directed by Douglas Sirk.
 The Precinct (Azerbaijani: Sahə) is a 2010 Azerbaijani drama film directed by Ilgar Safat. The film was selected as the Azerbaijani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.For his performance in an International Feature Film Teymur Odushev won the award of Young Artist Awards 2011.
 Kula Gotralu or Kulagotralu (Telugu: కులగోత్రాలు) is a 1962 Telugu Drama film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and produced by Anumolu Venkata Subba Rao under Prasad Art Pictures.It is a musical hit with music score composed by Salur Rajeshwar Rao. The ever memorable comic song Ayyayo Chetilo Dabbulu Poyene by Madhavapeddi Satyam on Playing cards and its sequelae was very popular. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu certificate of merit in 1963.
 The Mary Kay Letourneau Story: All-American Girl is a 2000 television movie based on the real-life story of high school teacher Mary Kay Letourneau played by Penelope Ann Miller.
 Heartworn Highways is a documentary film by James Szalapski whose vision captured some of the founders of the Outlaw Country movement in Texas and Tennessee in the last weeks of 1975 and the first weeks of 1976. The film was not released theatrically until 1981.
 Magnificent Butcher (Chinese: 林世榮) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Sammo Hung Kwan Tak-hing Yuen Biao Wei Pai Lee Hoi San Chiang Kam Fan Mei Sheng Fung Ging Man Fung Hak-on and Max Lee.The film is based on the story of Lam Sai-wing one of the students of the legendary Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung. Sammo Hung plays Butcher Lam Sai-wing and Kwan Tak-hing plays Wong Fei-hung a role he had played before in over 70 films.
 The Traffic Policeman (Italian: Il vigile) is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa.
 Dance of Death is a 1969 film version of the play The Dance of Death by August Strindberg as presented by the National Theatre Company. It stars Laurence Olivier and Geraldine McEwan.Previous filmed National Theatre productions include Uncle Vanya (1963) and Othello (1965). Both of these are available on DVD however as of 2009 The Dance of Death has never been released on DVD or video.
 Zapatlela 2 (झपाटलेला २) is a Marathi horror comedy movie which was released in 3D on 7 June 2013. It is directed by Mahesh Kothare and is the sequel to Zapatlela released 20 years previously (in 1993). Zapatlela 2 is the first Marathi film shot entirely with a 3D camera.The film marks the comeback of the renowned ventriloquist Ramdas Padhye along with his famous evil puppet Tatya Vinchu.
 Cease Fire! is a movie made in 1953 by Owen Crump. The film featured real ammunition and real soldiers that were filmed on location in Korea and additionally was one of the first 3D war movies.
 Monsters is a 2010 British science fiction film. It is the feature film directorial debut of filmmaker Gareth Edwards. Whitney Able and Scoot McNairy star in the lead roles.
 By Indian Post is a 1919 American short Western silent film directed by John Ford. One of the two reels survive.
 Mr. Sardonicus (1961) is a horror film produced and directed by William Castle. It tells the story of Sardonicus a man whose face becomes frozen in a horrifying grin while robbing his father's grave to obtain a winning lottery ticket. Castle cited the film in his memoir as one of his favorites to produce.
 Anacleto se divorcia is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana. A factory's guard has problems with his wife because of a co-worker's lies.
 Hollywood in Uniform is a 1943 American short documentary film directed by Ralph Staub. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Ricky Gervais Live 2: Politics is the title of a performance by British comedian Ricky Gervais. It was filmed at the Palace Theatre London United Kingdom in 2004.
 The Hawk of Powder River is a 1948 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor.
 Maigret Sets a Trap (French:Maigret tend un piège) is a 1958 French-Italian crime film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Jean Gabin Annie Girardot and Olivier Hussenot. It is an adaptation of the novel Maigret Sets a Trap by Belgian writer Georges Simenon featuring his fictional detective Jules Maigret.
 Murder by Television (1935) is an American mystery film starring Bela Lugosi June Collyer and Huntley Gordon. The film is also known as The Houghland Murder Case. The cast also includes Hattie McDaniel.
 Do Not Disturb (originally New Terminal Hotel) is an American horror thriller film written and directed by BC Furtney. The film was originally released on March 23 2010 as New Terminal Hotel but was edited for an August 6 2013 DVD release through Image Entertainment as Do Not Disturb. The movie stars Stephen Geoffreys as a man out to get revenge for the death of his girlfriend. The film is also known for being one of the last film performances of actor Corey Haim before his death in 2010.
 Embrace Life is a short British public information film made for the Sussex Safer Roads Partnership (SSRP) about the importance of wearing seat belts. Released on 20 January 2010 and initially only shown in the local Sussex area the short film became an international phenomenon after it was distributed on the internet through social networking sites and YouTube gaining over a million views in its first two weeks.
 The Second Son (次男坊鴉 Jinanbō Garasu) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mitsuo Hirotsu.
 Ester e il re (English Translation: Esther and the King) is a 1960 Italian / U.S.A. CinemaScope international co-productionreligious epic film directed (with Mario Bava the film's director of photography who was credited as a co-director on Italian prints of the film ) written and produced by Raoul Walsh. It was produced at 20th Century Fox/ Raoul Walsh Productions and was released by 20th Century Fox. Joan Collins stars as Esther in this melodramatic routine Biblical story.
 BookWars is an award-winning documentary produced by Camerado about the life and times of New York City street booksellers.
 Skyscraper is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Howard Higgin. At the 2nd Academy Awards in 1930 Elliott J. Clawson was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay).
 Day of the Outlaw is a 1959 Western film starring Robert Ryan Burl Ives and Tina Louise. It was directed by André De Toth; this was his last Western feature film.
 Bin Bulaye Baraati is a 2011 Bollywood comedy film written by Praful Parekh and M.Salim and directed by Chandrakant Singh. The stars Aftab Shivdasani Priyanka Kothari Rajpal Yadav Om Puri Sanjai Mishra Shakti Kapoor and Vijay Raaz in lead roles with Shweta Tiwari featured in a cameo appearance and Mallika Sherawat and Shweta Bhardwaj appearing in song numbers. The film was released in India on 17 June 2011 and received mixed reviews.
 The Green-Eyed Devil is a 1914 American short silent film directed by James Kirkwood. The film starred Earle Foxe Spottiswoode Aitken and William Garwood in the lead roles. The film was written by Daniel Carson Goodman (story) and George Pattullo (scenario).
 Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy-drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls adapted from his own novel Starter for Ten. The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a University Challenge quiz team. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September 2006 and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006 and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.
 Broadway is a 1942 film about Broadway theatre with George Raft Pat O'Brien Janet Blair Broderick Crawford Marjorie Rambeau Anne Gwynne and S.Z. Sakall. Raft plays himself recalling an incident early in his pre-movie career as a dancer. The movie was directed by William A. Seiter.It was a remake of an old Broadway show produced by Jed Harris.Another fictionalized biographical movie based on Raft's life The George Raft Story (1961) featured a different actor (Ray Danton) playing Raft.
 Chinarayudu is a 1992 Tollywood film directed by B. Gopal . Venkatesh and Vijayashanti played the lead roles. The film was a remake of Tamil film Chinna Gounder.
 The Tollbooth is a coming-of-age film (2004) directed by Debra Kirschner about a young artist struggling to forge her own identity in the big city while her Jewish parents keep watch from just over the bridge in Brooklyn.
 Slacker Uprising is a movie of Michael Moore's tour of colleges in swing states during the 2004 election with a goal to encourage 18–29 year olds to vote and the response it received. The film is a re-edited version of Captain Mike Across America which played at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2007.It is one of the first feature length films made by a known director to be released as a free and legal download online.
 Black: The Man From Darkness is a 2004 Indian Malayalam action thriller film written and directed by Ranjith and produced by Lal. It deals with the underworld operations in Kochi. Mammootty plays the role of Police Constable Karikkamuri Shanmugham who ironically is a hit man and a contract killer. The film features cinematography by Amal Neerad. The film was a comeback for actor Rahman to Malayalam cinema. The film was a box office hit.
 Identity Unknown is a 1945 American film directed by Walter Colmes.
 Cannery Row is the title of a 1982 film directed by David S. Ward. It stars Nick Nolte and Debra Winger. The movie is adapted from John Steinbeck's novels Cannery Row and Sweet Thursday.
 Euphoria (Russian: Эйфория) is a 2006 Russian drama/romance film directed by dramatist and director Ivan Vyrypayev most recently acclaimed as a co-screenwriter of Bumer 2. This drama rightly classified as tragedy exposes shocking truth about cultural and material poverty of Russian provincial village. In the same year Euphoria won the Kinotavr Special Prize of the Jury.
 Shopping is a 1994 film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson about a group of British teenagers who indulge in joyriding and ramraiding. It was notably the first major leading role for actor Jude Law who first met his co-star and future wife Sadie Frost on the set of this film.The film was located at Trellick Tower Golborne Road London.
 White Material is a 2009 French film directed by Claire Denis and co-written with Marie NDiaye.The film stars Isabelle Huppert as Maria Vial a struggling French coffee producer in an unnamed African country who decides to stay at her coffee plantation in spite of an erupting civil war. The film was well received earning high ratings and appearing in several movie critics' top lists for 2010.
 Son of Pakistan (Urdu: سن آف ٻاكستان‎ English: Son of Pakistan) is a 2011 Lollywood Urdu film written and directed by Jarrar Rizvi and released in summer 2011. It stars Sana Nawaz Meera Shamil Khan and Ghulam Mohiuddin in the lead roles.The film is shot in several cities of Pakistan while special shots made in Royal Park Lahore.
 Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi (English: Sometimes in love) is a 1999 Hindi film directed by Raj Kaushal. The film is set against the backdrop of a Performing Arts College.
 The Kidnapped Bride is a 1914 film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Singapore is a 1947 American romance film directed by John Brahm and starring Fred MacMurray and Ava Gardner. The film was remade as Istanbul (1957) with the location moved to Turkey.
 Condominio (Apartment Block) is a 1991 Italian comedy drama film directed by Felice Farina.For his performance Ciccio Ingrassia won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor.
 Caillou's Holiday Movie is a 2003 direct-to-video animated Christmas film directed by Nick Rijgersberg. The movie is based on the Canadian TV Series Caillou. It was released on VHS and DVD in October 7 2003. Unlike Caillou being voiced by Jaclyn Linetsky Caillou was voiced by Annie Bovaird who would later voice him in the rest of the TV series' run. Caillou's Holiday Movie is the only movie based on the TV series.
 Silence in Paradise (Spanish: Silencio en el Paraiso) is a 2011 Colombian drama film directed by Colbert Garcia.
 Dev.D is an Indian drama film released on 6 February 2009. Written and directed by Anurag Kashyap it is a modern-day take on Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's classic Bengali novel Devdas previously adapted for the screen by P.C. Barua and Bimal Roy and more recently by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. Dev.D was embraced by the media critics and public.
 Christopher Columbus (German:Christoph Columbus) is a 1923 German silent historical film directed by Márton Garas and starring Albert Bassermann Elsa Bassermann and Tamara Duvan. It depicts the Discovery of America by the Genoese-born Spanish explorer Christopher Columbus in 1492.
 The Stalking of Laurie Show (also known by the title Rivals outside of the United States) is a 2000 made-for-TV movie that was directed by Norma Bailey. The movie is based on the true-life murder of Lancaster native Laurie Show.
 Sexton Blake and the Hooded Terror is a 1938 British crime film directed by George King and starring George Curzon Tod Slaughter and Greta Gynt.
 Brave is a 2012 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The story was conceived by writer/director Brenda Chapman who drew inspiration from her relationship with her own daughter. Chapman became Pixar’s first female director of a feature-length film. Brave was written by Chapman Mark Andrews Steve Purcell and Irene Mecchi directed by Chapman and Andrews and co-directed by Purcell.
 Chances Are is a 1989 romantic comedy film directed by Emile Ardolino and starring Cybill Shepherd Robert Downey Jr. Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson. The original music score was composed by Maurice Jarre.
 Under the Yum Yum Tree is a 1963 comedy movie that stars Jack Lemmon Carol Lynley Dean Jones and Edie Adams with supporting roles by Imogene Coca and Paul Lynde. This sex comedy was a successful small comic movie that gained Lemmon a Golden Globe nomination. The film was based on a Broadway play that first ran in 1960–61.
 Taxi 13 is a 1928 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Film Booking Offices of America and directed by Marshall Neilan. The film stars Chester Conklin in what is FBO's first film with a pre-recorded soundtrack.Once thought lost a copy evidently survives at Cineteca Nazionale Rome.
 The Vanishing Legion is a 1931 Mascot film serial directed by Ford Beebe and B. Reeves Eason.The stars Harry Carey and Edwina Booth were originally intended to be in the studio's previous serial King of the Wild but had to be re-cast when the MGM film Trader Horn (1931) overran its schedule. Both also starred in the Mascot serial The Last of the Mohicans and Carey was the lead in The Devil Horse. An infection received while filming Trader Horn led to Booth's retirement for acting.
 The Telegraph Trail is a 1933 American Western film starring John Wayne and featuring Frank McHugh.
 Return to Paradise is a 1998 film directed by Joseph Ruben written by Wesley Strick and Bruce Robinson and starring Vince Vaughn Anne Heche and Joaquin Phoenix. Return to Paradise is a remake of a French film released in 1989 Force majeure. Return to Paradise was released a year before Brokedown Palace which has a similar storyline of drugs in South East Asia.
 When She Jumped (Spanish: Cuando ella saltó) is a 2007 Argentine drama film directed and written by Sabrina Farji. The film stars Iván de Pineda and Andrea Galante and deals with the theme of suicide.Iván de Pineda is nominated for a 2008 Best New Actor Silver Condor award for his performance as Ramiro.
 Up in the Air is a 1940 American film directed by Howard Bretherton. A none-too-popular (nor good) radio singer Rita Wilson is murdered while singing on the air in a radio studio. Radio page boy Frankie Ryan and his janitor pal Jeff solve the mystery for the none-too-sharp police.
 Jack-O is the third in a trio of movies directed by Steve Latshaw in the early-to-mid-1990s (along with Dark Universe and Biohazard: The Alien Force). The film was straight-to-TV and video and was later rereleased in 2005 as a special-edition DVD.
 The Score (Swedish: Lyftet) is a 1978 Swedish crime film based on the Kenneth Ahl (Lasse Strömstedt/Christer Dahl) novel with the same name. The film deals with different themes such as drug addiction institutionalisation and the Swedish criminal justice system.
 Ticket to Paradise (Spanish: Boleto al paraíso) is a 2011 Cuban drama film written and directed by Gerardo Chijona.
 The Bandolero is a 1924 film starring Pedro de Cordoba Gustav von Seyffertitz and Renée Adorée directed by Tom Terriss. Screenplay by Tom Terriss based on a novel by Paul Gwynne.
 Passchendaele is a 2008 Canadian war film written co-produced directed by and starring Paul Gross. The film which was shot in Calgary Alberta Fort Macleod Alberta and in Belgium focuses on the experiences of a Canadian soldier Michael Dunne at the Battle of Passchendaele also known as the Third Battle of Ypres.
 Jadoo is a food-feud-and-family comedy feature film set in Leicester released in cinemas on 6 September 2013. It is written and directed by filmmaker Amit Gupta. It and tells the story of two brothers Raja and Jagi. Both chefs they fall out so catastrophically. They set up rival restaurants on opposite sides of the Belgrave Road in Leicester; one cooking starters and the other main courses and refused to talk to one another.
 Dorothy Mills is a 2008 film directed by Agnès Merlet. Starring Carice van Houten and Jenn Murray the film is about a psychiatrist assigned to work on the case of a disturbed young girl.
 Live Wires is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the first film in the series after the comedy team of The East Side Kids was revamped and renamed as The Bowery Boys.
 Der Neue Schreibtisch (English: The New Writing Desk) is a short German comedy film made in 1913. In the plot a busy businessman tries to get comfortable at his new desk so he starts cutting off parts of the legs but eventually shortens the legs off entirely.
 Steve Martin's The Winds of Whoopie a.k.a. simply The Winds of Whoopie was a 1983 one-hour comedy TV special on NBC produced and written by Steve Martin. The title was a take-off of The Winds of War which premiered as a TV miniseries on the same night on ABC. In a 30-second spot Orson Welles says: Why spend 18 hours watching someone else's war when you know how it comes out? We win and then have to buy all their cars. Watch Steve Martin's The Winds of Whoopie.
 Banjo is a 1947 drama film directed by Richard Fleischer.
 Honey We Shrunk Ourselves is a 1997 live-action direct-to-video sequel to Honey I Shrunk the Kids and Honey I Blew Up the Kid. It is the third and final film in the Honey I Shrunk the Kids trilogy.
 Kavacham is a 1992 Malayalam Indian film directed by K. Madhu starring Raghuvaran in lead role. The film was much expected as the action specialist director K. Madhu teamed with Raghuvaran who gave a hit in Malayalam Vyooham but this film flopped.
 Island of Lost Women is a 71-minute black-and-white movie directed by Frank Tuttle which was released by Warner Brothers in 1959.Its plot borrows from the 1956 science fiction classic Forbidden Planet which in turn lifted much of its plot from Shakespeare's The Tempest. Jeff Richards plays Mark Bradley a radio commentator whose pilot Joe Walker (John Smith) is flying him across the Pacific to a conference in Australia.
 Mortuary (also known as Embalmed in the UK and Hall of Death in West Germany) was a 1983 slasher film/horror movie which starred Bill Paxton Mary Beth McDonough David Wallace Lynda Day George with Michael Berryman (who only appears in the film's trailer) and Christopher George in one of his final roles. It centered on a hooded face painted killer who stabbed or impaled his victims with/on an embalming trocar. On May 25 2012 the film was release for the first time on DVD.
 Teri Meri Kahaani (English: Our Story) is a Hindi romance drama film directed by Kunal Kohli. The film stars Shahid Kapoor opposite Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles paired together for the second time after Kaminey. The tagline is thrice upon a love story as the premise is set between 1910 1960 and 2012. Each actor plays a different character in each time period but each character they play is linked to one another. The film was released on 22 June 2012 in 1500 screens across India.
 Bhagya Laxmi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 The Forbidden Door (Indonesian: Pintu Terlarang) is a 2009 Indonesian horror film directed by Joko Anwar. It is based on the novel Pintu Terlarang written by Sekar Ayu Asmara. Joko Anwar won the Best of Puchon award at the 2009 Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Kinnaree Award at the 2009 Bangkok International Film Festival.
 Shell 43 is a 1916 American war film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and starring H.B. Warner and Enid Markey.
 Pyar Ki Jeet is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sawan Kumar Tak. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Vinod Mehra Rekha Ashok Kumar Moon Moon Sen.
 The Princess in a Nightrobe (Hungarian: A Hercegnö Pongyolaban) is a 1914 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 You've Got to Be Smart (alternatively titled: The Smart Ones) is a 1967 low-budgeted drama film. The movie was released in few theaters in 1967. The film starred Tom Stern Roger Perry Gloria Castillo and Mamie Van Doren. The movie was one of the few drama films that Van Doren made during the decade of the 1960s. Van Doren had risen to fame in the early 1950s but by the 1960s her career had faltered.[citation needed]
 Vengeance is a 2014 film starring Danny Trejo and Diamond Dallas Page.
 The Plague Dogs is a 1982 animated drama film based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Richard Adams. The film was written directed and produced by Martin Rosen who also directed Watership Down the film version of another novel by Adams. The Plague Dogs was produced by Nepenthe Productions; it was released by Embassy Pictures in the United States and by United Artists in the United Kingdom.
 A Pistol Shot (Italian: Un colpo di pistola) is a 1942 Italian historical drama film directed by Renato Castellani and starring Assia Noris Fosco Giachetti and Antonio Centa. The film was shot in Rome with sets designed by Gino Brosio.
 Stalin's Disciples (Hebrew: ילדי סטאלין) is a 1986 Israeli film directed by Nadav Levitan that satirizes the utopian ideology of the Israeli kibbutz.
 Super Mario Bros.: The Great Mission to Rescue Princess Peach! (スーパーマリオブラザーズ ピーチ姫救出大作戦! Sūpā Mario Burazāzu: Pīchi-hime Kyūshutsu Dai Sakusen!) is a 1986 anime film based on the Super Mario Bros. video game. Directed by Masami Hata and produced by Masakatsu Suzuki and Tsunemasa Hatano the plot centers around Mario and Luigi who get stuck in a Family Computer video game and must save Princess Peach from King Koopa.
 Swarabhishekam (Telugu: స్వరాభిషేకం) is a 2004 Telugu musical drama film film written and directed by K. Viswanath. Viswanath also essayed the lead role along with Srikanth Sivaji and Laya. Music director Vidyasagar won the National Film Award for Best Music Direction. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu for that year.
 Dragon Ball Z: Lord Slug also known by its Japanese title Dragon Ball Z - Super Saiyan Son Goku (ドラゴンボールZ 超サイヤ人だ孫悟空 Doragon Bōru Zetto Sūpā Saiyajin da Son Gokū) or its UK English title Super Saiya Son Goku is the fourth Dragon Ball Z feature movie. It was originally released in Japan on March 19 1991 between episodes 81 and 82 at the Toei Anime Fair as part of a double feature with the first Magical Tarurūto-kun movie.
 Bhaiyyaji Superhitt (English: Superhit Brother) is a Bollywood film directed by Neerraj Pathak and produced by Daily Multimedia Ltd. The film features an ensemble cast including Sunny Deol Arshad Warsi Preity Zinta Ameesha Patel Mithun Chakraborty Prakash Raj and Shreyas Talpade. It will be released in both 2D and 3D formats. As of 18 November 2013 the production of the film was stalled as Sunny Deol has refused to dub for the film due to non-payment.
 Party is a 1984 Hindi film directed by Govind Nihalani. The film boasted an ensemble cast of leading art cinema actors of Parallel Cinema including Vijaya Mehta Manohar Singh Om Puri Naseeruddin Shah and Rohini Hattangadi. It based on the play Party (1976) by Mahesh Elkunchwar.The movie was produced by National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC).
 La Norteña de mis amores (The Northerner of My Love) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Hvězda jede na jih is a 1958 Czechoslovak-Yugoslavian comedy film directed by Oldrich Lipský.
 Achilles and the Tortoise (アキレスと亀 Akiresu to Kame) is a 2008 Japanese film written directed and edited by Takeshi Kitano. The film is the third and final part of Kitano's surrealist autobiographical trilogy starting with Takeshis' and continuing with Glory to the Filmmaker!.The title Achilles and the Tortoise refers to the motion paradox by Greek philosopher Zeno of Elea Achilles and the Tortoise.
 Australia's Peril is a 1917 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered a lost film.
 Gumrah (Hindi: ग़ुमराह; English: Astray) is a 1963 Hindi film produced and directed by B. R. Chopra. The film stars Sunil Dutt Ashok Kumar Mala Sinha Nirupa Roy Deven Verma and Shashikala. The music was composed by Ravi while the lyrics were by Sahir Ludhianvi. It was remade in Malayalam as Vivahita (1970) starring Padmini Prem Nazir and Satyan. It was also a hit.
 Flame of Araby is a 1951 swashbuckler film starring Jeff Chandler and Maureen O'Hara.
 Eternal Moment (simplified Chinese: 将爱; traditional Chinese: 將愛; pinyin: Jiāng ài) is a 2011 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Zhang Yibai and starring Xu Jinglei Li Yapeng and Chapman To.The film is a sequel to the television drama Cherish Our Love Forever (1998) which was also directed by Zhang. The film follows the two leads from that earlier drama (played by Xu Jinglei and Li Yapeng) reuniting after being apart for 12 years.
 'New Year's Eve' is a lost 1929 film drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring Mary Astorand Charles Morton. Veteran Henry Lehrman who had worked with Mack Sennett and Charlie Chaplin is the director. Samuel L. Rothafel wrote the music for film. The Western Electric Sound System was used but a silent version was also made. Max Gold was an assistant director. This was not a talking film despite it being made in 1929. It was a silent with music and effects soundtrack.
 Sadako 3D (貞子3D) is a 2012 horror film directed by Tsutomu Hanabusa based on the novel S by Koji Suzuki. It is the first installment of the Sadako 3D series.
 The Casino Murder Case is a 1935 mystery film starring Paul Lukas and Alison Skipworth. It was directed by Edwin L. Marin from a screenplay by Florence Ryerson and Edgar Allan Woolf based on the 1934 novel of the same name by S. S. Van Dine. It was the ninth film in the Philo Vance film series.
 The Right to Strike is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Fred Paul and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Fred Paul and Campbell Gullan. It was based on a play by Ernest Hutchinson.
 Emperor of the North Pole is a 1973 American film directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Lee Marvin Ernest Borgnine and Keith Carradine. It was re-released under the shorter title Emperor of the North and is best known under the latter name.The film is about hobos during the 1930s and is set in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Heat and Dust is a 1983 romantic drama film with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala based upon her novel Heat and Dust. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.
 The Journals of Knud Rasmussen is a 2006 Canadian-Danish film about the pressures on the traditional Inuit culture when explorer Knud Rasmussen introduces European cultural influences. Produced by Isuma the film was directed by Zacharias Kunuk who also directed the award-winning Inuit film Atanarjuat and Norman Cohn. It premiered on September 7 2006 at the Toronto International Film Festival after pre-release screenings in Inuit communities in Canada and Greenland.
 Aayirathil Oruthi is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan and K.R. Vijaya in the lead roles. Jayasudha plays the love interest of kamal Hassan. Actor Srikanth plays the role of Kamal's elder brother.
 A Time to Kill is a 1955 British crime film starring Jack Watling Rona Anderson John Horsley and John Le Mesurier.
 Best Friend's Wife: The Black Panties of a Secret Rendezvous (親友の妻　密会の黒下着 Shinyū no Tsuma: Mikkai no Kuroshitagi) is a 2008 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by Ikejima's wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. It won the 6th Best Film award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony as well as awards for Best Actor (Seiji Nakamitsu) and Best New Actress (Maki Tomoda).
 People Are Funny is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Sam White based on the popular radio show of the same name.
 The East Is Red also known as Swordsman III is a 1993 Hong Kong film loosely based on Dongfang Bubai a character from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling Proud Wanderer. The film was produced by Tsui Hark directed by Ching Siu-tung and starred Brigitte Lin Joey Wong and Yu Rongguang. The film was seen as a sequel to The Swordsman and Swordsman II.
 Athiradi Padai is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Rahman and Roja in lead roles whilst Suman Lakshmi Vijayakumar and Silk Smitha play supporting roles.
 Bicentennial Man is a 1999 American science fiction comedy/drama family film starring Robin Williams. Based on the novel The Positronic Man co-written by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg which is itself based on Asimov's original novella titled The Bicentennial Man the plot explores issues of humanity slavery prejudice maturity intellectual freedom conformity sex love and mortality.
 American Blue Note is a 1989 film directed by Ralph Toporoff who wrote the screenplay with Gilbert Girion. Filmed in 1989 the independently produced American Blue Note didn't get a distributor until 1991.
 Matching Jack is a 2010 Australian drama film directed by Nadia Tass from a screenplay by Lynne Renew and David Parker based on an unfilmed script by Renew entitled Love and Mortar.
 Ambasamudram Ambani is a 2010 Tamil-language film. It was produced by Karunaaas and Singapore Rama Saravana. In 2011 it was declared a BIG FLOP. Karunaas might return with a sequel in 2013 as Chandamama (2013 film)
 Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage is a 2010 documentary film directed by Scot McFadyen and Sam Dunn. The film offers an in-depth look at the Canadian progressive rock band Rush chronicling the band's musical evolution from their progressive rock sound of the 1970s to their current heavy rock style. The film made its debut at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival where it earned the 2010 Audience Award.
 The Romancing Star is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Chow Yun-fat Maggie Cheung Eric Tsang Natalis Chan and Stanley Fung. The film was followed by two sequels The Romancing Star II released in the following year and The Romancing Star III released the year after.
 That Forsyte Woman (released in the United Kingdom as The Forsyte Saga) is a 1949 romance film starring Greer Garson Errol Flynn Walter Pidgeon Robert Young and Janet Leigh. It is an adaptation of The Man of Property the first novel in The Forsyte Saga by John Galsworthy.Walter Plunkett and Arlington Valles were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design Color. The original music score was composed by Bronislau Kaper.
 Muktodhara is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Shiboprosad Mukherjee and Nandita Roy. This is a story of about the prisoners of a correctional home ‒ Presidency jail who all have a dark past life but here they are being reformed day by day.
 Tilaï (The Law) is a 1990 award-winning Burkinabé drama film co-written co-produced and directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo. It premiered at the 1990 Toronto Film Festival.
 The Dressmaker is a 1988 British drama film directed by Jim O'Brien and starring Joan Plowright Billie Whitelaw and Pete Postlethwaite. Set during the Second World War in England the story concerns a claustrophobic relationship between two middle-aged sisters and their fragile 17-year-old niece. It is an adaptation of the novel The Dressmaker by Beryl Bainbridge.
 My Antonia is a 1995 film TV movie based on the novel of the same name written by Willa Cather. The movie was directed by Joseph Sargent and starred Jason Robards Eva Marie Saint and Neil Patrick Harris. It was filmed in part at the Stuhr Museum in Grand Island Nebraska.
 Against All Odds: Lost and Found is a television series which aired on 8 November 1994. It was produced by the British Broadcasting Company. The movie was directed by Kim Flitcroft written by Kate Wood and it starred Hannah Taylor-Gordon.
 Hawmps! is a 1976 American film about a United States Cavalry experiment to introduce camels into the service in the western United States specifically Wyoming. It was written by William Bickley Joe Camp and Michael Warren directed by Joe Camp and produced by Mulberry Square Productions one of very few films from that studio not to involve the more-lucrative Benji franchise.
 It's a Gift is a 1934 comedy film starring W. C. Fields considered by film historians to be one of Fields' best and funniest films. It was Fields's sixteenth sound film and his fifth in 1934 alone.
 Aayushkalam is a 1992 Malayalam psychological thriller-fantasy film starring Jayaram Mukesh and Sreenivasan. This movie is an uncredited remake of the 1990 Hollywood film Ghost.
 Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd. is a 2007 Bollywood comedy drama film. It is produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani through Excel Entertainment and has marked the debut of Reema Kagti as a director. The movie has six different parts in it.
 Wings of Courage is a 1995 American-French drama film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud. The 40-minute picture was written by Annaud with Alain Godard. It was the first dramatic picture shot in the IMAX format and the first 3-D IMAX fiction film.The film is an account of the real-life story of early airmail pilot Henri Guillaumet (Craig Sheffer) whose small plane crashes in the South American Andes forcing him to trek back to civilization on foot.
 No Kidding is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas featuring Leslie Phillips Geraldine McEwan and Irene Handl Noel Purcell and Julia Lockwood. The film is adapted from Verily Anderson's novel Beware of Children.
 The Gunsaulus Mystery is a 1921 silent race film directed produced and written by Oscar Micheaux. The film was inspired by events and figures in the 1913-1915 trial of Leo Frank for the murder of Mary Phagan.
 The Secret of Delft (Dutch: Het geheim van den vuurtoren) is a 1916 Dutch black and white silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger. The movie was also sold to France where it was titled Le Secret du Phare. Only fragments of the original movie survived and are being kept in the Dutch Cinema Museum (Nederlands Filmuseum).
 Grand Hotel is a 1932 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding. The screenplay by William A. Drake and Béla Balázs is based on the 1930 play of the same title by Drake who had adapted it from the 1929 novel Menschen im Hotel by Vicki Baum.
 Love the Hard Way is a 2001 crime drama film directed by Peter Sehr. It is about the story of a petty thief who meets an innocent young woman and brings her into his world of crime while she teaches him the lessons of enjoying life and being loved.The film was written by Peter Sehr and is based on the novel Yi Ban Shi Huo Yan Yi Ban Shi Hai Shui by Chinese writer Wang Shuo although Sehr transported the film's story to New York.
 Zulu is a 2013 English-language French-produced crime film directed by Jérôme Salle. It was selected as the closing film at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fun Size (known as Half Pint in some countries) is a 2012 American teen halloween comedy film written by Max Werner and directed by Josh Schwartz. It stars Victoria Justice Jane Levy Thomas Mann Chelsea Handler Thomas McDonell and Osric Chau.
 Goltzius and the Pelican Company is a film by writer-director Peter Greenaway. The film is based on the life of Hendrik Goltzius a late 16th century Dutch printer and engraver of erotic prints. He seduces the Margrave of Alsace into paying for a printing press to make and publish illustrated books. Goltzius promises him an extraordinary book of pictures of the Old Testament Biblical stories.
 Tenderness is a 2009 American crime film directed by John Polson which stars Jon Foster Sophie Traub Russell Crowe and Laura Dern. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Cormier.
 The Sergeant (1968) is an American drama film starring Rod Steiger and John Phillip Law directed by John Flynn and released by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts.
 The Sitter is a 1991 made-for-television movie starring Kim Myers as Nell an unstable baby-sitter who lives in the reality of romance novels. This TV movie is a remake of the 1952 Marilyn Monroe movie Don't Bother to Knock.
 Il Brigante di Tacca del Lupo is a 1952 Italian film.
 Himmatwala (English translation: Brave Man) is a 2013 Indian action comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and jointly produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Vashu Bhagnani. The film features Ajay Devgan and Tamannaah in the lead roles. It is an official remake of film of the same name which is again a remake of Telugu film Ooriki Monagadu by the same director directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.
 Dheem Tharikida Dhom is a Malayalam comedy film released in 1986 it was directed by Priyadarshan this film is about an innocent young man joining a ballet team just to express his love towards the main actress. Maniyan Pillai Raju and Lizy appeared in the leading roles and were supported by Mukesh Nedumudi Venu Sreenivasan Nedumudi Venu Jagathi Sreekumar and Shankar.
 The Sky's The Limit (1943) is a romantic musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire and Joan Leslie with music by Harold Arlen and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The film was directed by Edward H. Griffith and released by RKO Radio Pictures.This was an unusual departure for Astaire one which caused some consternation among film critics and fans at the time[citation needed] though not enough to prevent the film doing well.
 Dhamaal (Hindi: धमाल; English translation: Fun) is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria. The film stars Sanjay Dutt Ritesh Deshmukh Arshad Warsi Javed Jaffrey and Aashish Chaudhary.The film is an official remake of the 1963 American comedy It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World. It also features influences from other contemporary movies such as Road Trip Bean - The Movie Mr. Bean Rat Race Dude Where's My Car? and Johnny English.
 Boule de suif is a 1945 French historical drama film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Micheline Presle Berthe Bovy and Louise Conte. It is an adaptation of the short story Boule de suif by Guy de Maupassant set during the Franco-Prussian War.
 Light It Up is a 1999 American hostage crime drama film starring an ensemble cast that consists of R&B singer/actor Usher Raymond (in his first leading role) Rosario Dawson Forest Whitaker and Vanessa L. Williams. The film was written and directed by Craig Bolotin and produced by Kenneth Babyface Edmonds and his wife Tracy Edmonds.
 Star Vehicle (re-titled in North America as Bleading Lady) is a 2010 horror film directed by Ryan Nicholson and starring Dan Ellis Sindy Faraguna Nathan Durec and Nick Windebank.
 The Mirror (Persian: آینه Ayneh‎) is a 1997 Iranian film directed by Jafar Panahi about a little girl trying to find her way home from school.
 Whale Rider is a 2002 drama film directed by Niki Caro based on the novel of the same name by Witi Ihimaera. The film stars Keisha Castle-Hughes as Kahu Paikea Apirana a twelve-year-old Maori girl who wants to become the chief of the tribe. Her grandfather Koro believes that this is a role reserved for males only.The film was a coproduction between New Zealand and Germany.
 Sailor Moon S: The Movie known in Japan as Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon S: The Movie (劇場版 美少女戦士セーラームーンＳ Gekijōban Bishōjo Senshi Sērā Mūn Sūpā) is a 1994 Japanese animated film directed by Hiroki Shibata and written by Sukehiro Tomita. It is the second film in the Sailor Moon series. The English dub is called Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice. The film is adapted from a side story of the original manga series created by Naoko Takeuchi The Lover of Princess Kaguya.
 Unknown is a 2011 British-German-French psychological thriller film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra starring Liam Neeson Diane Kruger January Jones Aidan Quinn Bruno Ganz and Frank Langella. The film is based on the 2003 French novel published in English as Out of My Head by Didier Van Cauwelaert.
 You Know What Sailors Are is a 1928 British silent comedy drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Alf Goddard Cyril McLaglen and Chili Bouchier. The crews of British and Spanish ships enter into a bitter rivalry. It was made at Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush. The film is based on the novel A Light for his Pipe by E.W. Townsend.
 Chick Carter Detective is a 1946 Columbia film serial. Columbia could not afford the rights to produce a Nick Carter serial so they made Chick Carter Detective about his son instead. This was based on the radio series Chick Carter Boy Detective. A Nick Carter series was being made by MGM.In a rather strange precedent for a serial the title character is rarely involved in the cliffhangers. For example the first cliffhanger revolves around the reporter Rusty rather than Carter.
 Dragonetti: The Ruthless Contract Killer is a Swedish exploitation film from 2010. It's a prequel to Die Zombiejäger from 2005. It was produced over a period of three years. It was nominated for an award for best film in Sci-Fi Horror or Fantasy at Spectacular Film Festival but lost to Syner.
 Sarfarosh is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed by Narayana Rao Dasari and produced by Prasan Kapoor. It stars Jeetendra Leena Chandavarkar and Sridevi in pivotal roles.
 Ich küsse Ihre Hand Madame is a 1929 German drama film starring Marlene Dietrich. It was released in the United States as I Kiss Your Hand Madame in 1932. It was produced by Super-Film. There is no dialogue in the original version of this film which was silent apart from the title-song by Ralph Erwin text by Fritz Rotter that had been specially recorded by Richard Tauber to be played during the screening. Tauber himself does not actually appear in the film.
 Ramgarh Ke Sholay is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian spoof feature film directed by Ajit Diwani starring Vijay Saxena Kishore Bhanushali and Amjad Khan in lead roles. The film parodies the 1975 classic Bollywood blockbuster Sholay.
 Himmelskibet Excelsior / A Trip to Mars / Das Himmelschiff is a 1918 Danish film about a trip to Mars. In 2006 the film was restored and re-released on DVD by the Danish Film Institute.Phil Hardy says it is the film that marked the beginning of the space opera subgenre of science fiction but notes that Denmark did not make another science fiction film until Reptilicus in 1962.
 Mirrors is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Alexandre Aja and stars Kiefer Sutherland. The film was first titled Into the Mirror but the name was later changed to Mirrors. Filming began on May 1 2007 and it was released in American theaters on August 15 2008.The film was originally scripted as a remake of the 2003 South Korean horror film Into the Mirror which is rated 15 by KMRB.
 Tik! Tik! Tik! is a 1981 Tamil crime thriller starring Kamal Haasan and directed by P. Bharathiraja.
 Autumn (Turkish: Sonbahar) is drama-genred film by Turkish director Özcan Alper filmed trilingually in Turkish Georgian and Homshetsi Armenian. It was filmed in Hopa Çamlıhemşin and Kemalpaşa. It profiles the post-life of a 22-year-old imprisoned university student named Yusuf.
 Auntie's Fantasies (Czech: Tetička) is a 1941 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Tezz (English: Fast/Speed) is a 2012 Hindi action thriller film directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Anil Kapoor Kangna Ranaut Zayed Khan Mallika Sherawat Sameera Reddy Boman Irani and Ajay Devgn who plays the antagonist of the film. Mohanlal has a cameo role in the film. The stunt choreographer chosen for the movie was Gareth Milne the stunt co-ordinator of Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer and National Treasure: Book of Secrets. Tezz was earlier titled Bullet Train.
 Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a 1972 British musical film based on the Lewis Carroll novel of the same name. It had an ensemble cast and John Barry composed the score.In 1973 the film won the BAFTA Film Award at the BAFTA Awards Ceremony for Best Cinematography won by Geoffrey Unsworth and Best Costume Design won by Anthony Mendleson.Stuart Freeborn created make-up for the film based closely on the original John Tenniel drawings in the first edition of the novel.
 The Adventures of Pinocchio is a 1996 European family fantasy film based on Carlo Collodi's original novel of the same name directed by Steve Barron and starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas Martin Landau and Udo Kier.
 Diplomatic Passport is a 1954 British thriller directed by Gene Martel. The film stars Hollywood actress Marsha Hunt who was blacklisted during the McCarthyite era of the early 1950s. Like others in the same position Hunt was obliged to seek work in the United Kingdom.
 Safe (sometimes written as [safe] or [SAFE]) is a 1995 British/American drama/thriller written and directed by Todd Haynes and produced by Christine Vachon. It was voted the best film of the 1990s in the 1999 Village Voice Film Poll.
 Raj Nartaki is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies is a 1972 animated one-hour TV-movie (with a live-action segment near the end) that was part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie. In this Filmation-produced movie Daffy Duck Porky Pig and other Looney Tunes characters interact with the characters from the Filmation series Groovie Goolies.This movie is notable for being the one and only time that Warner Bros.
 Le Bonheur de Pierre is a 2009 Canadian-French comedy-drama directed by Robert Ménard. It was entered into several film festivals including the Rhode Island International Film Festival. Moreover it was chosen Best Foreign Film at the New York Independent Film Festival in 2009. The film is also known as A Happy Man.
 Second Skin (original Spanish title: Segunda piel) is a 1999 gay film by Spanish director Gerardo Vera starring Javier Bardem and Jordi Mollà and Ariadna Gil serves as supporting characters. The film is available on DVD in Spain.
 The High Cost of Loving is a 1958 film. It marked the film debut of Gena Rowlands.
 Marwencol (also known as Village of the Dolls in the UK) is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the life and work of artist and photographer Mark Hogancamp. It is the debut feature of director-editor Jeff Malmberg.
 Karamay (simplified Chinese: 克拉玛依; traditional Chinese: 克拉瑪依; pinyin: Kèlāmǎyī) is a 2010 documentary film by Chinese director Xu Xin about the 1994 Karamay fire. It is largely black-and-white.
 Cleopatra (クレオパトラ Kureopatora) is a 1970 Japanese anime film directed by Osamu Tezuka and Eiichi Yamamoto. When the film was released in the United States American distributors changed the title to Cleopatra: Queen of Sex and released it with a self-applied X. Cleopatra was not submitted to the MPAA and may not have received an X rating if it had been.
 The Omen is an 1976 British/American suspense horror film directed by Richard Donner. The film stars Gregory Peck Lee Remick David Warner Harvey Spencer Stephens Billie Whitelaw Patrick Troughton Martin Benson and Leo McKern. It is the first film in The Omen series and was scripted by David Seltzer.
 Fugitive of the Plains is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield.The film is also known as Raiders of Red Rock (America reissue title).
 Silent Ghungroos is a 2006 Indian documentary film directed by Gauri Warudi. The film is about Tamasha the folk musical theatre of Maharashtra and traces its origins to the Peshwa era. Tamasha has been the source of entertainment and amusement for the rural Marathi audience for more than a century. It was made by a Pune-based journalist turned documentary film maker.
 White on Rice (2009) is a comedy film directed by American director Dave Boyle director of Big Dreams Little Tokyo (2006) and starring Hiroshi Watanabe Nae Yuuki Mio Takada James Kyson Lee and Lynn Chen. The film had its world premiere at the 27th annual San Francisco Asian American Film Festival on 17 March 2009.
 Fantasia 3 (English: Fantasy 3) is a 1966 fantasy film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia. It is based on three fairy tales: Hans Christian Andersen’s The Little Mermaid; the 1900 children's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum and The Devil With the Three Golden Hairs by the Brothers Grimm. Fantasia 3 was de la iglesia's first feature-length film
 All's Well Ends Well 2012 (Chinese: 八星抱喜) is a 2012 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Chan Hing-ka and Janet Chun. It is the seventh installment in the All's Well Ends Well film series.
 The Dark is a 2005 horror film based on the novel Sheep by Simon Maginn.
 The Jack Bull (1999) is a television western movie produced for HBO and directed by John Badham. It is loosely based on Michael Kohlhaas a novel by Heinrich von Kleist with the script by Dick Cusack. Much of the movie was filmed at the CL Ranch and the Heritage Park Historical Village in Calgary Alberta.
 Told in the Hills is a 1919 American silent film western produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Artcraft. George Melford directed and Robert Warwick stars.The film survives at the Russian Film archive Gosfilmofond.
 A Name for Evil is a 1973 American horror film starring Samantha Eggar and Robert Culp.
 Surviving Picasso is a 1996 Merchant Ivory film starring Anthony Hopkins as the famous painter Pablo Picasso. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant and David L. Wolper. Ruth Prawer Jhabvala's screenplay was loosely based on the biography Picasso: Creator and Destroyer by Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington.
 Scooby-Doo! Legend of the Phantosaur is the sixteenth Direct-to-DVD movie based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons released on June 6 2011 moved from September 6. It premiered on Cartoon Network on June 3 2011 at 7:00pm ET/PT.
 Multiple Maniacs is a 1970 American comedy film by American cult filmmaker John Waters; his second feature film. The film features several actors who were part of the Dreamland acting troupe for Waters' films including Divine Mary Vivian Pearce David Lochary Mink Stole Edith Massey and Cookie Mueller.The title pays tribute to Herschell Gordon Lewis's 2000 Maniacs as Waters states in his book Shock Value.
 The Familiar is a 2009 comedy horror short film starring Torrance Coombs Paul Hubbard and Rachel Sehl. It tells the story of a naive vampire fan who becomes the personal assistant to a belligerent vampire. It won awards at the Sitges Film Festival Bram Stoker International Film Festival Charleston International Film Festival the Rincon International Film Festival the Seattle True Independent Film Festival and the River Bend Film Festival.
 The Fourth Protocol is a 1987 British Cold War spy film featuring Michael Caine and Pierce Brosnan based on the novel The Fourth Protocol by Frederick Forsyth.
 Suwanda Denuna Jeewithe (සුවඳ දැනුණා ජීවිතේ) is a 2010 Sinhala Romantic/Musical film written and directed by Dhammika Siriwardana. The film features Roshan Ranawana and Pooja Umashankar in the leading roles while Gayathri Dias Ramani Siriwardana Richard Manamudali Rex Kodippily Himali Siriwardana Pubudu Chathuranga and Sanath Gunatilaka also play key supporting roles. Produced by EAP circuit cinemas the film had music scored by Mahesh Denipitiya.
 Linewatch is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Kevin Bray and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. Omari Hardwick Evan Ross Dean Norris Malieek Straughter and AMG. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on October 21 2008.
 Flypaper is a 1997 crime feature film starring Craig Sheffer Robert Loggia Sadie Frost Talisa Soto and Lucy Liu. It was written and directed by Klaus Hoch.Greed lust and fate bring together a motley collection of oddballs and lowlifes for some rather sticky situations in Hoch's twisted neo-noir debut.
 The Invisible War is a 2012 documentary film written and directed by Kirby Dick and produced by Amy Ziering and Tanner King Barklow about sexual assault in the United States military. It premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival where it received the U.S. Documentary Audience Award. The film was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 85th Academy Awards.
 The Dancing Fool is a 1932 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short film starring Betty Boop Bimbo & Koko the Clown.
 The Reluctant Astronaut (1967) is a Universal Pictures feature film directed by Edward Montagne and starring Don Knotts in a story about a kiddie-ride operator who is hired as a janitor at the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston and is eventually sent into space. The film was produced and directed by Edward J. Montagne Jr..
 The Butchers (also known as Maxie and Murderer's Keep is a 1970 thriller directed by Paulmichael Miekhe and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The film follows a deaf girl who witnesses a dead body being stashed in a nearby butcher shop. Not wanting to take the risk of being caught the murderous butchers decide to kidnap her.In addition to Robert Walden and Vic Tayback the film also features Talia Shire and Donald Pleasence in small roles.
 Android Re-Enactment is a 2011 Canadian science fiction film directed by Darryl Shaw and starring Jeff Sinasac Adam Buller and Sarah Silverthorne.The film depicts a stylized retro future in an unspecified year in which genetically engineered organic androids visually indistinguishable from humans are manufactured by the Empathtek Corporation. The latest and most advanced model they have designed soon to be released is the PX-50.
 Sir! No Sir! is a 2005 documentary by Displaced Films about the anti-war movement within the ranks of the United States Armed Forces during the Vietnam War. The film was produced directed and written by David Zeiger. The film had a theatrical run in 80 cities throughout the U.S. and Canada in 2006 and was broadcast worldwide on: Sundance Channel Discovery Channel BBC ARTE France ABC Australia SBC Spain ZDF Germany YLE Finland RT and several others.
 Departure is a 1986 Australian film directed by Brian Kavanagh.
 The Funhouse is a 1981 American horror film directed by Tobe Hooper. It was written by Larry Block and stars Elizabeth Berridge Kevin Conway William Finley Southern Mississippi University football star Cooper Huckabee Miles Chapin Largo Woodruff (Becky from Coward of the County) and two-time Academy Award-nominee Sylvia Miles. The film's plot concerns four teenagers who become trapped in a dark ride at a local carnival and are stalked by a deformed killer.
 Father Goose is a 1964 romantic comedy film set in World War II starring Cary Grant Leslie Caron and Trevor Howard. The title derives from Mother Goose the codename assigned to Grant's character. The film won an Academy Award for its screenplay. The film introduced the song Pass Me By by Cy Coleman and Carolyn Leigh later recorded by Peggy Lee.
 Durango is a 1999 drama film directed by Brent Shields starring Matt Keeslar and Patrick Bergin. The journey of young Irishman Mark Doran (Matt Keeslar) a cattle farmer who decides to walk 40 miles with his cows to the village of Trallock to get a fair price for his herd rather than sell.
 Copper Mountain is a 1983 comedy film about two friends who travel to a Colorado ski resort. One of them played by Alan Thicke looks to hit the slopes and the other played by Jim Carrey spends his time trying to pick up women. The film was written by Damian Lee and David Mitchell who also directed it.
 Duniya Ka Mela is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kundan Kumar.
 Committed is a 2000 Miramax film directed and written by Lisa Krueger.
 Orphans is a 1998 Scottish black comedy film written and directed by Peter Mullan and starring Douglas Henshall Gary Lewis and Rosemarie Stevenson.This was the first full length film directed by Mullan who later won a Best Actor award at Cannes for My Name is Joe and who went on to direct The Magdalene Sisters and Neds.
 Adventures of William Tell (French: Guillaume Tell et le clown; Star Film Catalogue no. 159.) is a 1898 French short black-and-white silent trick film directed by Georges Méliès featuring a clown trying to shoot fruit of the head of a dummy which comes to life.
 Old Well (Chinese: 老井; pinyin: lǎo jǐng) is a 1986 Chinese film about a village worker's effort of digging a well in his water-starved hometown located in northwest China and his affairs with his old girlfriend. It is produced by Xi'an Film Studio and directed by Wu Tianming starring Lü Liping and Zhang Yimou.The film won the 8th Golden Rooster Award for Best Picture in 1988.
 Falling from Grace is a 1992 drama film produced by Little B and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Rock singer John Mellencamp makes his acting and directorial debut in this story by Lonesome Dove author Larry McMurtry. The story contains many similarities to Mellencamp's real life. It is his sole directing credit.
 The House of Mirth (French title: La Maison du Brouillard which is an incorrect translation) is a 1918 American silent melodrama film directed by French film director Albert Capellani starring Katherine Harris Barrymore as Lily Bart. It is a cinema adaptation of Edith Wharton's 1905 novel of the same name The House of Mirth and the first ever cinema adaptation of any of her work. With its survival status classified as unknown it is considered to be a lost film.
 Every Day is a 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Richard Levine and starring Liev Schreiber and Helen Hunt.
 Dick Turpin is a 1933 British historical drama film directed by Victor Hanbury and John Stafford it starred Victor McLaglen Jane Carr Frank Vosper James Finlayson and Cecil Humphreys. The film depicts the adventures of the eighteenth century highwayman Dick Turpin and his legendary ride to York.
 La Mansión de Araucaima (English: The manor of Araucaima) is a 1986 Colombian drama film written and directed by Carlos Mayolo. Its genre has been described as Tropical Ghotic. It is based in the novel of the same name by Alvaro Mutis.
 Father (Chinese: 爸爸; pinyin: Bàba; literally dad) is a 2000 Chinese film directed by the writer Wang Shuo. To date it is Wang's first and only directorial effort. The film is based on Wang's own novel Wo Shi Ni Baba (English: I Am Your Father). Despite being partially backed by the state-run Beijing Film Studio Father suffered from years of bureaucratic red tape.
 Buenas noches Buenos Aires is a 1964 Argentine musical film comedy directed by and starring Hugo del Carril. The film was premièred in Buenos Aires on October 10 1964.Organized by Del Carril the film reminisces over the culture of tango films that dominated the Cinema of Argentina in the 1930s 1940s and 1950s and united tango actors such as Hugo del Carril Tito Lusiardo and Virginia Luque and Roberto Escalada as well as starring new actors such as Palito Ortega.
 Satan Was a Lady is an American 1975 explicit hardcore pornographic film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars Bree Anthony Tony Richards Annie Sprinkle and Bobby Astyr.Though she claimed later that she never made X-rated films there is no doubt that this X-rated film was directed by Wishman as stated by her cinematographer of 17 of her films C. Davis Smith.
 Zombie Chronicles is a 2001 horror film directed by Brad Sykes. It follows Tara Woodley a reporter who visits an old desert town to research her article on the ghost town legends from around there. On the way she picks up the hitchhiker Ebenezer Jackson who takes her to an abandoned building where she interviews him via tape recorder.
 Devil's Diary is a Canadian horror television film directed by Farhad Mann and written by John Benjamin Martin. It stars Alexz Johnson Magda Apanowicz Deanna Casaluce and Miriam McDonald.
 The Strange Case of Mary Page is a 1916 American drama film serial directed by J. Charles Haydon. The film is considered to be lost.
 Twenty Hours (Hungarian: Húsz óra) is a 1965 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. The film shared the Grand Prix with War and Peace and won the Prix FIPRESCI at the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 April Captains (Portuguese: Capitães de Abril) is a 2000 film telling the story of the Carnation Revolution the military coup that overthrew the fascist dictatorship (known as the Estado Novo) in Portugal on 25 April 1974. Although dramatised the plot is closely based on the events of the revolution and many of the key characters are real - such as Captain Salgueiro Maia and Prime Minister Marcelo Caetano.This European co-production was directed by Maria de Medeiros.
 Kausthubham ( Malayalam: കൗസ്തുഭം) is a 2010 Malayalam film by Sajeev Kilikulam starring Karthika and Vijayaraghavan.
 It May Be You is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 California Girls is an American television movie that aired on ABC on Sunday March 24 1985.
 Ostia is a 1970 Italian comedy film. It is the directorial debut of Sergio Citti.
 The Minion (also known as Fallen Knight in Canada) is a 1998 American and Canadian action supernatural horror film directed by Jean-Marc Piché and starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Brief Crossing (Brève traversée) is a French film released in 2001 and directed by Catherine Breillat. It stars Sarah Pratt and Gilles Guillain.
 Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a 2010 American adventure action fantasy film written by Jordan Mechner Boaz Yakin Doug Miro and Carlo Bernard; directed by Mike Newell; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Gribouille (English title: Heart of Paris or The Meddler) is a 1937 French comedy film directed by Marc Allégret based on story Gribouille by Marcel Achard who co-wrote screenplay with H.G. Lustig. The music score is by Georges Auric. The film stars Raimu and Michèle Morgan.It was remade in the U.S. as The Lady in Question (1940) with Brian Aherne Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford.The film marked Michèle Morgan's first major role on the big screen.
 Perdona bonita pero Lucas me quería a mí (English title: Excuse Me Darling But Lucas Loved Me) is a film directed by Dunia Ayaso and Félix Sabroso in 1997. The film was considered an ensemble comedy in which the characters involved in the plot were taken to the extreme as far as stereotypes are concerned. This caused some criticism that it exaggerated accused gay characters to which the directors responded that also heterosexual characters were exaggerated and based on clichés.
 Anima is a 2003 short-film directed and written by Erika Grediaga. Produced by the American Film Institute it stars Mexican actress Claudia Soberón.The story is based on some of the legends about monastic life during the colonial period in Latin America.
 The Swordswoman of Huangjiang (Chinese: 荒江女侠; also known as Huangjiang Nüxia) was a 13-film wuxia series. The only film of the series which still exists today was its first installment Uproar At the Baolin Temple which is the lone surviving film of Chen's silent-era oeuvre[1] as well as one of only two[2] surviving Chinese films of its kind from that period[3]. The entire series was filmed over two years[4] and includes elements of drama comedy and action[5][6].
 Mountain of Destiny (German: Berg des Schicksals) is a 1924 German silent drama film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider Frida Richard Erna Morena and Luis Trenker. The film is about an alpinist who falls to his death while climbing a dangerous peak. His son later succeeds where his father had failed. The film was released in the United Kingdom with the title The Mountaineers.
 Hostel: Part III is a 2011 American horror film directed by Scott Spiegel and the third installment of the Hostel film series. It was written by Michael D. Weiss. It was released direct-to-DVD on December 27 2011.
 Powder is a 1995 American fantasy drama film written and directed by Victor Salva and starring Sean Patrick Flanery in the titular role with Jeff Goldblum Mary Steenburgen Bradford Tatum and Lance Henriksen in supporting roles. It is about Jeremy Powder Reed who has an incredible intellect as well as telepathy and paranormal powers.
 Following the Flag in Mexico (also known in the USA as Following Villa in Mexico) is a 1916 silent war documentary set during the Mexican Revolution.
 Soft Hands (Arabic: الأيدي الناعمة‎ translit. El aydi el naema) is a 1964 Egyptian comedy film directed by Mahmoud Zulfikar. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 K-20: Legend of the Mask (K-20 怪人二十面相・伝 Kē-Tuentī: Kaijin Nijū Mensō Den literally Legend of the Twenty-Faced Mysterious Person) at film festivals The Fiend with Twenty Faces on home video in the United States and The Legend of the Black Mask in the United Kingdom) is a 2008 Japanese action film written and directed by Shimako Satō and based on a novel by Sō Kitamura and its sequel. The film released worldwide on December 20 2008.
 House of Sand and Fog is a 2003 American drama film directed by Vadim Perelman. The screenplay by Perelman and Shawn Lawrence Otto is based on the novel of the same name by Andre Dubus III. The story concerns the battle between a young woman and an immigrant Iranian family over the ownership of a house in Northern California which ultimately leads to the destruction of four lives.
 Ekka Raja Rani is a 1994 Bollywood comedy drama film starring Govinda.
 U.S. Marshals is a 1998 American thriller film directed by Stuart Baird. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Roy Huggins and John Pogue. The film is a sequel to the 1993 motion picture The Fugitive which in turn was based on the 1960s television series of the same name created by Huggins. The events depicted in the story do not involve the fictional protagonist of Dr. Richard Kimble personified by Harrison Ford from the initial film.
 Yours for the Asking is a 1936 film starring George Raft as a casino owner and Dolores Costello as the socialite he hires as hostess. The movie also features Ida Lupino and was directed by Alexander Hall.
 The Miracle of Joe Petrel (海燕ジョーの奇跡 Umitsubame Jō no kiseki) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Toshiya Fujita.
 Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous (also known as Miss Congeniality 2 or Miss Congeniality: Armed and Fabulous) is a 2005 comedy film directed by John Pasquin starring Sandra Bullock.
 Shivudu Shivudu Shivudu (Telugu: శివుడు శివుడు శివుడు) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Radhika Kongara Jaggayya and Rao Gopal Rao in important roles.
 James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British-American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl. It was produced by Tim Burton and Denise Di Novi. The film is a combination of live action and stop-motion animation.
 A Very Brady Sequel is a 1996 comedy film and sequel to 1995’s The Brady Bunch Movie. Both films are parodies-homages of the classic 1969–1974 television sitcom The Brady Bunch. The film was directed by Arlene Sanford (in her feature film directorial debut) and stars Shelley Long and Gary Cole as Carol and Mike Brady. The film was a box office success although not as successful as The Brady Bunch Movie.
 Carmen Comes Home (カルメン故郷に帰る Karumen kokyō ni kaeru) is a 1951 color Japanese film comedy directed by Keisuke Kinoshita. Filmed using Fujicolor it was Japan's first color film.
 Cash (stylized as Ca$h) is a 2010 American independent crime-thriller film directed by Stephen Milburn Anderson that stars Sean Bean and Chris Hemsworth.
 Facing the Music is a 1933 British musical film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Stanley Lupino Jose Collins and Nancy Brown. It is also known by the alternative title Jewel Song.
 Demonlover is a 2002 technological neo-noir thriller film by French writer/director Olivier Assayas. The film stars Connie Nielsen Charles Berling Chloë Sevigny and Gina Gershon with a musical score by Sonic Youth. It premiered at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival although it was more widely released several months later.The story focuses on the entanglement between various national corporations vying over the financial control of interactive 3-D anime pornography.
 Kenpei to Yurei (憲兵と幽霊 Kenpei to Yūrei) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese horror film directed by Nobuo Nakagawa.
 Norma Jean & Marilyn is a 1996 made-for-TV biographical film produced by HBO and premiered on May 18 1996. The film featured Ashley Judd as Norma Jean Dougherty and Mira Sorvino as Marilyn Monroe. It was partially based on Norma Jean: My Secret Life With Marilyn Monroe by actor Eddie Jordan (played by Josh Charles) who claimed to have had a years-long relationship with Monroe.The tagline for the highly fictionalized film summarizes the plot: Marilyn Monroe was our fantasy.
 Tarap is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Sangeeta. The film was a flop in Lahore but successful in Karachi. It was shot in Dubai and Lahore. It is known for its popular soundtrack.
 The Backyard is a 1920 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Night We Dropped a Clanger is a 1959 British comedy thriller film directed by Darcy Conyers and starring Brian Rix Cecil Parker William Hartnell and Leslie Phillips. A British secret agent takes part in a secret operation in occupied France during the Second World War. It was released as Make Mine a Double in the United States.
 Sultan is a 1999 Telugu film directed by Sarath and produced by N.V. Prasad. The film stars Balakrishna Krishna Krishnam Raju Roja and Rachana in the lead roles.
 Killing Spree is a 1987 horror film written and directed by Tim Ritter.
 Teenkahon is an upcoming 2014 mystery-drama Bengali film directed by Bauddhayan Mukherji and produced by Monalisa Mukherji under the banner of Little Lamb Films.
 The Inugamis (犬神家の一族  Inugami-ke no ichizoku) is a 1976 Japanese film directed by Kon Ichikawa. Ichikawa would remake the film in 2006.
 La Perra (Spanish for the bitch) is a 1967 Argentine film.
 Daughter of the Party (党的女儿) is a 1958 Chinese film directed by Lin Nong and produced by Changchun Film Studio. The film tells the story of three young women in their struggle to establish a Chinese Communist Party cell.The film spawned a number of variant settings include a Chinese-language western-style opera True Daughter of the Party (also 1958) and a play (1959) and a TV series (2011).The film is to be distinguished from the North Korean play A True Daughter of the Party.
 Ex-Files (Chinese: 前任攻略) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film.
 Nightwatch is a 1997 American horror-thriller film directed by Ole Bornedal and starring Ewan McGregor Patricia Arquette Josh Brolin and Nick Nolte. It is a remake of the Danish film Nattevagten (1994) which was also directed by Bornedal.
 The Eternal Mask (German:Die ewige Maske) is a 1935 Austrian-Swiss drama film directed by Werner Hochbaum and starring Peter Petersen Mathias Wieman and Franz Schafheitlin. The film was amongst the best ten foreign films of the year judged by the 1937 American National Board of Review of Motion Pictures. It also ran in competition at the 3rd Venice International Film Festival.
 Test Tube Babies is a 1948 exploitation film known by several titles. Directed by W. Merle Connell and produced by George Weiss it is a narrative about artificial insemination with scenes of nudity and sexual promiscuity included.The film is also known as Blessed Are They (American reissue title) Sins of Love (American reissue title) and The Pill (America reissue title recut version).
 Vadina (Telugu: వదిన) is a 1955 Telugu drama film directed by M. V. Raman and produced by A. V. Meiyappan under the banner of A. V. M. Productions.
 Frontier Uprising is a 1961 film which is a remake of Kit Carson (1940).
 Nadan (Malayalam : നടന്‍) is a 2013 Malayalam drama film directed by Kamal and written by S. Suresh Babu. Jayaram and Remya Nambeeshan play the lead roles while the rest of the cast are former theatre artists that include K. P. A. C. Lalitha Joy Mathew P. Balachandran Hareesh Peradi and Sasi Kalinga. It was produced by Anilkumar Ambalakkara under the banner of Ambalakkara Global Films.
 If You Only Knew is a 2008 film.
 Ambush Valley is a 1936 American western directed by Bernard B. Ray produced by Ray and Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures starring Bob Custer and Victoria Vinton.
 Habit is a 1997 vampire horror film starring Larry Fessenden who also wrote and directed the film. It received rave reviews at the Chicago and Los Angeles International Film Festivals. It is a remake of Fessenden's 1985 film of the same title.
 Angel (Greek: Άγγελος translit. Angelos) is a 1982 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Katakouzinos. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Chainsaw Scumfuck is a low-budget short horror film directed by Alex Chandon.
 The Girls (Swedish: Flickorna is a 1968 Swedish drama film directed by Mai Zetterling starring Bibi Andersson Harriet Andersson and Gunnel Lindblom. It is a feminist reinvention of the ancient Greek play Lysistrata by Aristophanes and revolves around a theatre group who set up the play.
 Rough Riders is a 1997 television miniseries directed and co-written by John Milius about future President Theodore Roosevelt and the regiment (the 1st US Volunteer Cavalry; aka the Rough Riders). The series prominently shows the bravery of the volunteers at the Battle of San Juan Hill part of the Spanish–American War of 1898. It was released on DVD in 2006. The series originally aired on TNT with a four-hour running time including commercials.
 The Blind Princess and the Poet is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Éxtasis is a 1996 Spanish drama film directed by Mariano Barroso. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Pierre of the Plains is a 1942 Northern film set in Saskatchewan Canada directed by George B. Seitz and starring John Carroll and Ruth Hussey. The supporting cast features Bruce Cabot Reginald Owen Henry Travers Evelyn Ankers and Sheldon Leonard. The movie is a remake of a 1914 version co-written by and starring Edgar Selwyn.
 Free Money is a 1998 black comedy film directed by Yves Simoneau produced by Nicolas Clermont and written by Anthony Peck and Joseph Brutsman.
 The Great Locomotive Chase is a 1956 Walt Disney Productions CinemaScope adventure film based on the real Great Locomotive Chase that occurred in 1862 during the American Civil War. The film stars Fess Parker as James J.
 Zatoichi and the One-Armed Swordsman also known as Zatoichi Meets the One-Armed Swordsman is a 1971 Hong Kong and Japanese wuxia/chambara crossover film directed by Chinese film director Hsu Tseng Hung and Japanese film director Kimiyoshi Yasuda. The film stars Jimmy Wang Yu as the One-Armed Swordsman Wang Gang and Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. This film is a crossover of the One-Armed Swordsman and Zatoichi film series.
 Pavitra Paapi is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Rajendra Bhatia. The film stars Parikshit Sahni and Tanuja. The movie was based on a Punjabi novel by famous writer Nanak Singh
 Oru Ponnu Oru Paiyan is a film directed by Naren Deivanayagam. It dwells on the untold love of a pair due to family circumstances. The film stars Sandeep Roopasree and Shubha Poonja.
 Ernakulam Junction is a 1971 Malayalam film written by actor N. Govindan Kutty directed by Vijayanarayanan and starring Prem Nazeer Vincent N. Govindan KuttySudheer Jeysi Latheef Khadeeja T. S. Muthaiah Ragini Vanchiyoor Radha Sujatha and Sadhana.
 Pinocchio 3000 (or P3K Pinocchio the Robot) is a 2004 Canadian computer-animated film distributed by Christal Films. Like A.I.
 The Guns of Loos is a 1928 British silent war film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Henry Victor Madeleine Carroll and Bobby Howes.
 Made in Sweden is a 1969 Swedish drama film directed by Johan Bergenstråhle. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival where it won a Silver Bear award.
 The Foundling is a 1915 silent film directed by Alan Dwan. The film premiered in 1915 was lost in a fire accident short after and was remade immediately with the same principal cast but with a different director John B. O'Brien at the helm.
 Alien Invasion Arizona is a science fiction film. It is an alien film set in the fictional town of Salena Arizona. It is also entitled The Salena Incident and was a straight to DVD release produced by Temple Hill Entertainment and distributed by Lionsgate.
 Asura (アシュラ Ashura) is a 2012 Japanese anime film directed by Keiichi Sato and based on a manga by George Akiyama. Asura tied for the Audience Award for Best Animated Feature at the 16th Fantasia International Film Festival in Montreal.
 The Guardian is a 2006 action-adventure drama film starring Kevin Costner Ashton Kutcher and Melissa Sagemiller. The film was released on September 29 2006 and was directed by Andrew Davis. The setting for the film is the United States Coast Guard and their Aviation Survival Technician (AST) program.
 Too Many Wives is a 1937 film. It lost $35000.
 The Gray Nun of Belgium was a 1915 film announced for release on the Alliance Program by Dramatic Feature Films Frank Joslyn Baum's short-lived successor to The Oz Film Manufacturing Company.Despite the advertising in Motion Picture News announcing its release date Katharine Rogers in L. Frank Baum: Creator of Oz believes that Alliance found the film inferior and refused to distribute it. The exhibition copy which may have been a work print may have been the only copy ever struck.
 For the Cabaret Voltaire album see Micro-Phonies (album)Micro-Phonies is the 87th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Little Murders is a 1971 black comedy film starring Elliott Gould and Marcia Rodd directed by Alan Arkin. It is the story of a girl Patsy (Rodd) who brings home her boyfriend Alfred (Gould) to meet her severely dysfunctional family amidst a series of random shootings garbage strikes and electrical outages ravaging the neighborhood. The film originated as a play written by cartoonist Jules Feiffer which was staged on Broadway in 1967 but which lasted only seven performances.
 Knifer (Greek: Macherovgaltis) is a 2010 Cypriot drama film directed by Yannis Economides.
 Not to be confused with a 2001 Tamil film of the same nameSettai (Tamil: சேட்டை) (English: Prank) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by R. Kannan. A remake of the 2011 Hindi film Delhi Belly it stars Arya Anjali Santhanam Premji Amaren and Hansika Motwani. The film which began filming in Chennai on 7 May 2012 released for April 2013. The film was dubbed in Telugu as crazy. The audio was launched on 30 January.
 Under A Texas Moon is a 1930 musical western film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was based on the novel Two-Gun Man (from 1929) which was written by Stewart Edward White. It was the second all-color all-talking feature to be filmed entirely outdoors as well as being the second western in color. The film features one theme song by the title of Under A Texas Moon.
 Kung Fu Killer is an upcoming Hong Kong action film directed by Teddy Chan and starring Donnie Yen and Wang Baoqiang.
 Robby is a 1968 family film written and directed by Ralph C. Bluemke. It is a modern-day retelling of the Daniel Defoe novel Robinson Crusoe in which the main characters are portrayed as children. The film deals with many themes including friendship homesickness racial blindness and naturism. It is unusual for a family film in that it contains extensive explicit nudity involving young boys.
 To You from Me (너에게 나를 보낸다 - Neoege na reul bonaenda) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Jang Sun-woo. It was the fifth highest-attended Korean film for the period 1990-1995.
 Loss of Innocence is a 1978 mini series about the life of a man from the Depression to the 1970s.
 Liar's Moon is a 1982 film directed by David Andrew Fisher and starring Matt Dillon Cindy Fisher Yvonne DeCarlo and Hoyt Axton.
 Detention: The Siege at Johnson High (a.k.a. Hostage High and Target for Rage) is a 1997 drama thriller TV-movie based on the 1992 Lindhurst High School shooting and siege that resulted in the death of four people. The film was written by Larry Golin and directed by Michael W. Watkins. It stars Rick Schroder Freddie Prinze Jr. Katie Wright Alexis Cruz and Henry Winkler. The movie originally aired on May 19 1997.
 Ronia the Robber's Daughter (in the UK Ronja Rövardotter in Sweden Ronja Robbersdaughter in the USA) is a 1984 Swedish fantasy film directed by Tage Danielsson based on the novel of the same title by Astrid Lindgren and adapted for the screen by Lindgren herself.When the film was broadcast on television two years after the theatrical premiere the film was twenty minutes longer and uncensored (the theatrical release allowed viewing from 7 years and older).
 South of Suva is a lost 1922 silent film drama starring Mary Miles Minter. It was directed by Frank Urson and produced by the Realart Company a knock production unit of Adolph Zukor's.
 Gli indifferenti is a 1964 Italian film directed by Francesco Maselli. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Hollywood to Dollywood is an American documentary film that played at 60 film festivals in the U.S. Canada Scotland and Australia in 2011 and 2012. Directed by John Lavin the film follows the cross-country journey of identical twins Gary and Larry Lane to deliver to Dolly Parton a screenplay they wrote which includes a role for her. Hollywood to Dollywood has won 24 film festival awards and includes 17 Parton songs two of which were previously unreleased.
 Hrudaya Haadithu (Kannada: ಹೃದಯ ಹಾಡಿತು) is a 1991 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Srinivas & B. P. Somu. The story is influenced by the novel Himada Hoovu written by Vamshi. The film features Ambareesh Bhavya and Malashri in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and lead actors performances upon release.
 The Fighting Heart is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 A revue is a type of multi-act popular theatrical entertainment that combines music dance and sketches. The revue has its roots in 19th century American popular entertainment and melodrama but grew into a substantial cultural presence of its own during its golden years from 1916 to 1932. Though most famous for their visual spectacle revues frequently satirized contemporary figures news or literature.
 Rabbit Without Ears (German title: Keinohrhasen lit: No Ear Rabbits) is a 2007 German romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Til Schweiger.
 Four Sheets to the Wind is a 2007 independent drama film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo.
 Allotment Wives (1945) is a film noir starring Kay Francis in her final screen appearance. An army investigator tries to shut down a scam that preys on soldiers and unknowingly falls in love with the woman behind it.
 Uncle's Paradise (おじさん天国 Ojisan tengoku) aka Mighty Extreme Woman (絶倫絶女 Zetsurin zetsujo) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Shinji Imaoka.
 The Day I Became a Woman (Persian: Roozi ke zan shodam روزی که زن شدم‎) is a 2000 award-winning Iranian drama film directed by Marzieh Meshkini. It tells three stories each depicting a different stage in the lives of Iranian women. It premièred at the 2000 Venice Film Festival and won several festival awards during 2000. Critical response was positive with some calling it Felliniesque.
 Man Maid is a 2008 American comedy film starring Phillip Vaden Sara Rue Jane Lynch Steve Hytner and John Doe.
 Hullo Marmaduke is a 1924 Australian film comedy drama from director Beaumont Smith about a naive Englishman (Claude Dampier) who comes to Australia as a remittance man.It is considered a lost film.
 Speedy is a 1928 silent film that was one of the films to be nominated for the short-lived Academy Award for Best Director of a Comedy. It starred famous comedian Harold Lloyd in the eponymous leading role and it was his last silent film to be released in theatres. The film was written by Albert DeMond (titles) John Grey (story) J.A. Howe (story) Lex Neal (story) and Howard Emmett Rogers (story) with uncredited assistance from Al Boasberg and Paul Girard Smith.
 The Endless Summer is a seminal 1966 surf movie.Filmmaker/narrator Bruce Brown follows two surfers Mike Hynson and Robert August on a surfing trip around the world. Despite the balmy climate of their native California cold ocean currents make local beaches inhospitable during the winter. They with Rodney Sumpter and Nat Young travel to the coasts of Australia New Zealand South Africa Tahiti and Hawaii in a quest for new surf spots and introduce locals to the sport.
 Bhakta Prahlada is the first Telugu talkie film based on The Story of Narasimha and Prahlada made by H. M. Reddy a pioneer of the Indian film industry. It is a talkie about a devotee Prahlada in Hindu mythology.
 The Mysterious Pilot (1937) is a Columbia movie serial based on the book by William Byron Mowery and starring the record-breaking aviator Frank Hawks. This was the second serial produced by Columbia.
 Waya! Uchuu Ichi no Osekkai Daisakusen (WAYA！　宇宙一のおせっかい大作戦) is a 2011 Japanese film. It is directed by director Kohatsu Yo and stars SKE48 members Matsui Jurina and Yagami Kumi and comedian Itoda Jun.
 Mi madre adorada (My Mother Adored) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Republik Twitter (stylised as #republiktwitter; meaning The Twitter Republic) is an Indonesian romantic drama directed by Kuntz Agus released in 2012. Starring Laura Basuki and Abimana Aryasatya it follows a university student in his quest to be with a beautiful journalist.Work on Republik Twitter began in June 2011 when screenwriter Eddri Sumitra Ito began preparing a script.
 The Wedding Ring (Czech: Prstýnek) is a 1944 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Lezare is a 2009 film.
 Thief and Magistrate (怪盗と判官 Kaitō to Hangan) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Bin Kato.
 El Libro de piedra (The Book of Stone) is a 1969 Mexican horror film written and directed by Carlos Enrique Taboada. Julia is hired to be the governess of a young girl Sylvia who has an emotionally distant father Eugenio and a new stepmother Mariana. Sylvia insists that she plays with a little boy named Hugo - whom the adults all see is a stone statue in the courtyard.
 Det skete på Møllegården is a 1960 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 A Season in Hell (French: Une saison en enfer Italian: Una stagione all'inferno) is a 1971 French-Italian drama film directed by Nelo Risi. The film tells the life and death of the poet Arthur Rimbaud and his troubled relationship with the poet Paul Verlaine until the African adventure in Ethiopia.
 Turn of Faith is a 2001 film directed by Charles Jarrott. It stars Ray Mancini and Mia Sara.
 Pushcarts and Plantations is a 1998 documentary about Louisiana Jewry from award-winning director Brian Cohen. The documentary combines interviews with historians and locals to tell the 300-year old history of different Jewish communities found in the North South and New Orleans. The documentary shares anecdotes about local heroes little known facts and personal accounts.
 Geet (meaning 'song') is a 1970 Bollywood love story and family drama directed by Ramanand Sagar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar Mala Sinha and Sujit Kumar. The films music is by Kalyanji Anandji.
 The Cure is a 1917 short comedy film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin.
 Trisandhya is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Raj Marbros. The film stars Bhaskar Unni P.K. Abraham and Waheeda Rehman.
 Because of the Cats released theatrically in the UK as The Rape is a 1973 Dutch-Belgian drama film directed by Fons Rademakers and starring Bryan Marshall Alexandra Stewart Sylvia Kristel and Sebastian Graham Jones.The film's Dutch title was Niet Voor De Poezen. It was based on a novel by Nicolas Freeling in the Van der Valk series.
 Second Time Lucky is a 1984 comedy about God and the Devil making a bet which sees a couple plunged back into the Garden of Eden Ancient Rome World War I and the 1920s.
 Terra senza tempo is a 1950 Italian film directed by Silvestro Prestifilippo.
 Hell's Angels is a 1930 American war film directed and produced by Howard Hughes and starring Jean Harlow Ben Lyon and James Hall. The film which was produced by Hughes and written by Harry Behn and Howard Estabrook centers on the combat pilots of World War I. It was released by United Artists and despite its initial poor performance at the box office eventually earned its production costs twice over.
 Vigor or Kracht is a 1990 Dutch drama film directed by Frouke Fokkema.
 Zeitgeist: The Movie is a 2007 documentary-style film by Peter Joseph. It presents a number of conspiracy theory-based ideas such as the Christ myth theory conspiracy theories about the 9/11 attacks in 2001 and argues that bankers manipulate the media and international monetary system.[citation needed]Released online on June 18 2007 at zeitgeistmovie.com it became popular among conspiracy theorists.
 Ingeborg Holm (English: Margaret Day) is a 1913 Swedish social drama film directed by Victor Sjöström based on a 1906 play by Nils Krok. It has been called the first realistic feature film. It caused great debate in Sweden about social security which led to changes in the poorhouse laws. It is said to be based on a true story.
 Sasu Numbari Jawai Dus Numbari is Marathi movie released on 7 March 2008. Produced by Harsh Patil and directed by Vijay Patkar. The movie is based on a comical and funny relationships shared by a mother and her to be son in law.
 Entertainment Experience is a film project in which two films are created: one user-generated film and one film made by Dutch director Paul Verhoeven.The script consists of eight parts. Part one was written by Kim van Kooten. The crowd (participators of the competition) subsequently wrote the scripts for the seven following parts. Both Verhoeven and the participating film crews made their film based on those scripts.
 Suna Chadhei Mo Rupa Chadhei is a 2009 Indian Oriya film directed by Humanshu Parija. After Nei Ja Re Jhana Mate Siddhanta Mahapatra Anubhab Mohanty & Barsha Priyadarshini paired for second time in this film. This film is a remake of superhit Telugu film Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana directed by Prabhu Deva.
 Emma's War is a 1986 Australian film starring Miranda Otto.
 Luminous Moss (ひかりごけ Hikarigoke) is a 1992 Japanese horror film directed by Kei Kumai and produced by actor Taketoshi Naito. It was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Cowboy Way is a 1994 comedy film directed by Gregg Champion and starring Woody Harrelson and Kiefer Sutherland.
 Porcupines Are Born Without Bristles (Bulgarian: Таралежите се раждат без бодли translit. Taralezhite se razhdat bez bodli and also known as Hedgehogs Are Born Without Spines) is a 1971 Bulgarian comedy film directed by Dimitar Petrov. It was entered into the 1972 Melbourne International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Bulgarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 44th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Last Bohemian (Czech: Dobrý voják Švejk) is a 1931 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič based on Jaroslav Hašek's novel The Good Soldier Švejk.
 The Bandit Queen is a 1950 American Western film directed by William Berke. The movie featured Barbara Britton and Phillip Reed as the leaders of a Robin Hood type band. The Bandit Queen was produced by Lippert Pictures Inc. and shot in the Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park as well as the San Fernando Valley. Set near Madera California during the California Gold Rush The Bandit Queen is a 70 minute black-and-white movie that was a serial film depiction of Joaquin Murrieta's life.
 Sergeant Murphy is a 1938 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Ronald Reagan.
 2 Little 2 Late is a 1999 film produced by Deadpool Pictures that tells the stories of different students at a local high school and how they dealt with the situations that arose after racial tensions erupted.The film stars Anthony Michael Hall as Mr. Burggins Vicellous Reon Shannon as Seth Crystal Meth Brad Renfro as Jimmy Walsh Heather McComb as Holly Shannon Jim Brooks (actor) as Mark Cannon Wil Horneff as Robbie Fontaine and Zachary Bennett as Mickey McGouvney.
 Punks is a 2001 film produced by Babyface directed by Patrik-Ian Polk and starring Rockmond Dunbar Seth Gilliam Renoly Santiago Jazzmun and Dwight Ewell.The film follows the trials and tribulations of a group of gay African American friends. While black gay life is explored in the film universal aspects of friendship plays at the plot's forefront. The film's themes were later used for the 2005 LOGO cable television series Noah's Arc.
 Fat Slags is a 2004 British gross-out comedy film based on the Viz comic of the same name. The creators had no editorial control over the film. Despite the relative popularity of the comic strip and its celebrity cameos the film was universally panned and maintains a position in the IMDb Bottom 100 a list of the worst-rated films by users of the site.
 Ustadi Ustad Se is a 1982 Hindi language Indian feature film directed by 	Mohan Geha starring Mithun Chakraborty Vinod Mehra Ranjeeta and Jagdeep.
 Wild Wings is a 1966 British short documentary film directed by Patrick Carey and John Taylor and produced by British Transport Films. It won an Academy Award in 1967 for Best Short Subject.
 Strange Circus (奇妙なサーカス Kimyô na sâkasu) is a 2005 Japanese horror drama film written and directed by Sion Sono.
 Color of the Cross 2: The Resurrection is a 2008 direct-to-video religious film directed by and starring Jean-Claude La Marre. The film is a direct sequel to the film Color of the Cross and centers on the resurrection of Jesus following his death by crucifixion.
 Naduvazhikal is a blockbuster Malayalam movie released in 1989 directed by Joshi. Mohanlal reprises the lead role of Arjun with an ensemble cast including Madhu Murali Devan Thilakan Kuthiravattom Pappu and Manianpilla Raju. The film is considered as one of the best thrillers in Malayalam.
 Expect the Unexpected (非常突然) is a 1998 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Yau.
 Died Young Stayed Pretty is a 2008 documentary movie on underground indie-rock poster art and its subculture. The film was written directed and produced by Eileen Yaghoobian who filmed on location in 30 different states from 2004 to 2007. It features posters for Radiohead White Stripes Arcade Fire The Flaming Lips The Melvins Nick Cave Broken Social Scene Black Keys Sonic Youth Pearl Jam Queens of the Stone Age Bob Dylan and Marianne Faithfull.
 Reclaiming the Blade is a documentary written and directed by Daniel McNicoll and produced by Galatia Films on the topic of swords.Notable interviewees from the film industry include Viggo Mortensen Karl Urban Richard Taylor and Bob Anderson (fencing instructor to Errol Flynn). Interviewed as an expert on swordmaking was bladesmith Paul Champagne.Narration is by British actor John Rhys-Davies.
 Magic Mike is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring Channing Tatum Alex Pettyfer Matt Bomer Joe Manganiello and Matthew McConaughey. The plot revolves around Adam a 19-year-old who enters the world of male stripping guided by Mike Lane who has been in the business for six years.The film is loosely based on the experiences of Tatum who was an 18-year-old stripper in Tampa Florida. Magic Mike was filmed in Los Angeles and Tampa.
 11 Uhr 20 is a German miniseries.
 Love Field is a 1992 American independent drama film written by Don Roos and directed by Jonathan Kaplan starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Dennis Haysbert. It was released on December 11 1992 in the United States by Orion Pictures. This film is an example of a representation of the assassination of John F. Kennedy in popular culture.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Michelle Pfeiffer).
 Captain Pirate is a 1952 American action/adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy starring Louis Hayward and Patricia Medina and produced by Harry Joe Brown. The swashbuckler was based on the Rafael Sabatini novel Captain Blood Returns.
 Beach House (Italian: Casotto) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Le Cadeau released in Italy as Il regalo is a 1982 French and Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Dull Care is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Yo... el aventurero (English: I... the Adventurer) is a 1959 Mexican ranchera-comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring Antonio Aguilar Rosa de Castilla Ángel Infante Amalia Mendoza Andrés Soler and Domingo Soler. The film was shot in Mexiscope a lens similar to CinemaScope and it one of the rare color films of the late 1950s.
 Dodge City is a 1939 American Western film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Errol Flynn Olivia de Havilland and Ann Sheridan. Based on a story by Robert Buckner the film is about a Texas cattle agent who witnesses the brutal lawlessness of Dodge City Kansas and takes the job of sheriff to clean the town up. Filmed in early Technicolor Dodge City was one of the highest-grossing movies of the year.
 Solitary Man is a 2009 American film co-directed by Brian Koppelman and David Levien. The film stars Michael Douglas Susan Sarandon Jenna Fischer Jesse Eisenberg Mary-Louise Parker and Danny DeVito.
 Unforgiven (許されざる者 Yurusarezaru Mono) is a 2013 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Lee Sang-il. It is a remake of Clint Eastwood's 1992 western Unforgiven. The film was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Herren der Felder is an East German film. It was released in 1953.
 The Triumph of Hercules the 1964 film was one of many Italian sword and sandal epics during the 1960s craze. Originally titled Il Trionfo di Ercole the film was directed by Alberto De Martino. Hercules was portrayed by Dan Vadis.The film was released internationally as Hercules vs the Giant Warrior and also as Hercules and the Ten Avengers.
 Sailor Beware! (1956) is a British comedy directed by Gordon Parry based on the stage play with the same name. It was released as Panic in the Parlor in the United States.It follows the story of a sailor betrothed to be married but wary that home-life may echo that of her parents: a hen-pecked husband and battle-axe mother.It was one of Michael Caine's very first films where he has a small uncredited role as a sailor.
 Bheja Fry 2 (meaning 'Brain Fry' 2) is an Indian comedy film released on June 17 2011. It is the sequel to the 2007 low budget but successful film Bheja Fry.The film garnered negative to mixed reviews upon its release but was a success at the boxoffice.
 Pinjra (Marathi: पिंजरा; English: Cage) is a 1972 Marathi film directed by V. Shantaram starring Shriram Lagoo and Sandhya in lead roles. In 1972 the film was also released in Hindi with the same title. Set in Tamasha folk musical theatre of Maharashtra the film is about a morally righteousness school teacher Lagoo who wants to reform a Tamasha performer played Sandhya but ends up falling in love with her.
 IOWA is an independent neo-noir film directed written and starring Matt Farnsworth. The film follows two young Iowan lovers who decide to cook their own methamphetamine. The film was met with highly negative reviews.
 The Gray Ghost is a 1917 American crime-drama film serial directed by Stuart Paton. It is presumed to be lost.
 Two Sergeants of General Custer or I due sergenti del generale Custer is a 1965 Italian western comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
 Tribes also known as The Soldier Who Declared Peace (UK) is a 1970 television film broadcast as an ABC Movie of the Week directed by Joseph Sargent. A big ratings success when it first aired November 10 1970 (which happened to be the Marine Corps' 195th birthday) Tribes was later released theatrically in Britain and Europe under the title The Soldier Who Declared Peace. Tribes has been released on VHS but as of 2010 has not been released on DVD.
 Chetna is a 1970 Bollywood action film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha Anil Dhawan and Rehana Sultan. The film focuses on the subject of rehabilitation of prostitutes. However the film is more famous for its bold scenes of the actress Rehana Sultan. The film virtually ended the film career as she was typecast thereafter. One of its songs Main To Har Mod Par Tujhko Doonga Sada is singer Mukesh's all-time memorable and popular song.
 Forged is a 2010 drama directed by William Wedig starring Manny Perez David Castro Margo Martindale Kevin Breznahan and Jaime Tirelli. Forged was released in theaters through Maya Entertainment on July 29 2011 as part of the Maya Indie Series.
 Ishq Khuda (Urdu: عشق خدا‎; translated: God's love) is a 2013 Pakistani Punjabi-language romantic film directed by Shahzad Rafique and produced by Shafquat Chaudhry. It stars Shaan Shahid Meera Saima Ahsan Khan and Moroccan actress Wiam Dahmani. It is produced by Shafquat Chaudhry. Adeel pk is signed to edit the movie. The music of the film is composed by Wajahat Attray while lyrics are penned by Riaz ur Rehman Sagar.
 The Gold Cure is a 1925 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Queenie Thomas Gladys Hamer and Jameson Thomas. It was made by Stoll Pictures at Cricklewood Studios.
 The Adventures of Red Ryder (1940) is a 12-chapter Republic movie serial starring Don Red Barry and Noah Beery Sr. based on the Western comic strip Red Ryder. It was directed by William Witney and John English. This serial was the 18th of the 66 serials produced by Republic. Westerns made up a third of all serials produced by the studio.
 Raghupathi Raghavan Rajaram is a Tamil film is directed by Durai. Music was scored by Shankar Ganesh. The movie was a failure at the box office.
 Walerjan Wrobel's Homesickness (German: Das Heimweh des Walerjan Wróbel) is a 1991 German drama film directed by Rolf Schübel. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Mention.
 The Night of the Shooting Stars (Italian: La Notte di San Lorenzo also known as The Night of San Lorenzo) is a 1982 Italian fantasy war drama film directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Special Grand Prix. The film was also selected as the Italian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Ab To Aaja Saajan Mere is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Rakesh Nahata. It stars Arvind Joshi and Shalini Kapoor in pivotal roles.
 The Time the Place and the Girl is a 1929 American black-and-white musical film. The original concept was developed by the creative staff as a musical comedy which opened on Broadway in 1907. It bears no affiliation with the 1946 musical film of the same name
 El Cid (1961) is a historical epic film a romanticized story of the life of the Christian Castilian knight Don Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar called El Cid who in the 11th century fought the North African Almoravides and ultimately contributed to the unification of Spain.
 The Belstone Fox is a 1973 children's film.
 Dirty Dancing is a 1987 American romantic drama film. Written by Eleanor Bergstein and directed by Emile Ardolino the film stars Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey in the lead roles as well as Cynthia Rhodes and Jerry Orbach.
 Macbeth is a 1971 British-American film adaptation of William Shakespeare's tragedy Macbeth. Directed by Roman Polanski it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder. The film stars Jon Finch as Macbeth and Francesca Annis as Lady Macbeth.
 Heads or Tails (French: J'en suis!) is a 1997 Quebec comedy film directed by Claude Fournier and starring Roy Dupuis and Patrick Huard
 A follow-up to the 1982 Emmy-nominated film Little People Big Enough is a 2004 documentary film about Anu Trombino Karla and John Lizzo Len and Lenette Sawisch and Sharon and Ron Roskamp who are all typical Americans in every respect except that they are dwarfs.
 The Aviator's Wife (French: La femme de l'aviateur) is a 1981 French film written and directed by Éric Rohmer. The film stars Phillippe Marlaud Marie Rivière and Anne-Laure Meury. Like many of his films it deals with the ever-evolving love lives of a group of young Parisians. This was the first in Rohmer's Comedies & Proverbs series — a collection of six films the director made during the 1980s.
 Tramway (Polish: Tramwaj) is a 1966 short silent film by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski produced while he was a student at the Łódź Film School. The film is included as an extra feature on the American and Artificial Eye Region 2 DVD releases of Kieslowski's A Short Film About Love.The film shows a boy who sees a girl on a tram as it is leaving. He runs after the tram and finds himself on board alone with the girl. They exchange glances then she falls asleep against the window.
 Shogun's Sadism (徳川女刑罰絵巻 牛裂きの刑 Tokugawa onna keibatsu-emaki: Ushi-zaki no kei) is a 1976 Japanese splatter film. It tells two stories set in Edo period Japan: one involving a Christian girl who is taken as a slave and tortured the other about a brothel master who tries to escape with a girl he fell in love with. It is a follow-up to the 1968 film Shogun's Joys of Torture.
 Patrani (Hindi: पटरानी; English: Chief Queen) is a 1956 Hindi Black-and-white Costume drama written by R. S. Choudhury and directed by Vijay Bhatt. The film starred Vyjayanthimala Pradeep Kumar in the lead with Shashikala Durga Khote Om Prakash Jeevan David Abraham Cheulkar Leela Mishra Kanchanamala Praveen Paul Ramesh Sinha Gadadhar Sharma Maya Krishnakant Helen Sheila Vaz forms an ensemble cast. The film was produced by Shankerbhai Bhatt.
 The Strange Case of Angelica (Portuguese: O Estranho Caso de Angélica) is a 2010 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chase is a 2010 Bollywood action film directed by Jagmohan Mundhra who has previously directed films such as Shoot on Sight and Provoked. The film stars Anuj Saxena Udita Goswami Sameer Kochhar and Tareena Patel in the lead roles while Gulshan Grover makes a special appearance. The film was released on 30 April 2010.
 The Honky Problem is a 1991 animated short film by Mike Judge. It features an original character Inbred Jed who is playing with his country music band somewhere in the desert by a trailer for a small audience of American white trash. Like Mike Judge's early Beavis and Butt-head shorts the film was funded by Spike and Mike and shown on MTV's Liquid Television in the early 1990s.
 Lake Dead is a horror film that was released as part of the 2007 After Dark Horrorfest.
 Lovers of Toledo (French: Les amants de Tolède) is a 1953 historical film directed by Henri Decoin and Fernando Palacios and starring Alida Valli Pedro Armendáriz and Françoise Arnoul. It was a co-production between France Italy and Spain.
 Nezulla is a 2002 direct-to-video horror film B movie directed by Japanese director Kanta Tagawa. It stars Ayumi Tokitou Yoshiyuki Kubotaand Mika Katsumura .
 The Legend of the Lone Ranger is a 1981 American western film directed by William A. Fraker and starring Klinton Spilsbury Michael Horse and Christopher Lloyd. It is based on the story of The Lone Ranger a Western character created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.
 Martians Go Home is a 1990 comedy film starring Randy Quaid. It was directed by David Odell and written by Charles S.
 I Will Not Confess (Arabic: لن أعترف‎ Lan Aataref) is a 1961 Egyptian crime film starring Faten Hamama Ahmed Mazhar and Ahmed Ramzy. The film is directed by the Egyptian film director Kamal El Sheikh.
 Homesdale is a 1971 Australian film directed by Peter Weir. Homesdale is a black comedy about visitors at a guest-house acting out their violent private fantasies and games under the control of the house staff.
 Ramji Londonwaley (2005) is a Hindi language film starring R. Madhavan in the lead role. Amitabh Bachchan guest stars. It is a remake of the Tamil film Nala Damayanthi. The film was previously titled Bawarchi.
 Kadhalil Vizhunthen (English: I Fell in Love) is a 2008 Indian Tamil film directed by P. V. Prasad starring Nakul and Sunaina. The film has music by Vijay Antony cinematography by S.D. Vijay Milton and editing by V.T Vijayan. The shooting for the film started in August 2007 and the film was released in September 2008.The film was distributed by Kalanithi Maran the managing director of Sun Network and the son of politician (late) Murasoli Maran and released on September 2008.
 Making Love is a 1982 American film. It tells the story of a married man coming to terms with his homosexuality and the love triangle that develops around him his wife and another man. It stars Kate Jackson Harry Hamlin and Michael Ontkean.
 Manichitrathazhu (Malayalam: മണിച്ചിത്രത്താഴ് English: The Ornate Lock) is an epic 1993 Indian Malayalam psychological thriller film written by Madhu Muttam directed by Fazil and produced by Swargachitra Appachan. The film dealt with an unusual theme which was not common in Indian cinema but proceeded to become a high grosser at the box-office.
 The Monster Squad is a 1987 comedy/horror film written by Shane Black and Fred Dekker and directed by Fred Dekker (who also wrote/directed Night of the Creeps). It was released by Tri-Star Pictures on August 14 1987. The film features the Universal Monsters (re-imagined by a team of special effects artists including Stan Winston) led by Count Dracula. They in turn combat a group of savvy kids out to keep them from controlling the world.
 Wizards of the Lost Kingdom 2 is a 1989 film written and directed by Charles B. Griffith. It was Griffith's last feature film credit and is a sequel to Wizards of the Lost Kingdom (1985).It includes characters and scenes from Barbarian Queen and The Warrior and the Sorceress.
 Beau Brummel is a 1924 American silent film historical drama starring John Barrymore and Mary Astor. The film was directed by Harry Beaumont and based upon Clyde Fitch's historical play which had been performed by Richard Mansfield and depicts the life of the British Regency dandy Beau Brummell.This movie survives today in various edits the original 135 minute release and 80 minute and 71 minute versions.
 Born to Be Bad is a 1934 drama film directed by Lowell Sherman and starring Loretta Young and Cary Grant. This film was rejected by the Hays Office twice before it was finally approved. Young's character an unwed mother who entertains wholesale buyers to secure contracts for her friend had to be re-written and re-filmed so that her occupation is only hinted at. Zanuck had to cut as much as possible shots of Young in her underwear and of exposed legs to the hips.
 Asal (Tamil: அசல் Acal ? Original) is a 2010 action-thriller film directed by Saran. The film stars Ajith Kumar in the lead role who is also credited for the story dialogues screenplay and co-direction of the film while Sameera Reddy and Bhavana play the lead female roles. The film features an extensive cast with Prabhu Suresh Sampath Raj and Rajiv Krishna playing prominent roles among others.
 The Copperhead is a 1920 silent film historical drama based on a novel by Frederick Landis and a play by Augustus Thomas. The star of this film is Lionel Barrymore who won acclaim in the play version on Broadway and who appeared in the play and this film with his first wife Doris Rankin. A print of this film has been screened in recent years.
 Two Thousand Women is a 1944 British comedy-drama war film about a camp of interned British women in Occupied France. Three RAF aircrewmen whose bomber had been shot down enter the camp and are hidden by the women from the Germans. It was released in the USA in 1951 in a severely cut-down version under the title of House of 1000 Women.
 Roger Touhy Gangster is a 1944 American gangster film based on the life of Chicago mob figure Roger Touhy directed by film noir specialist Robert Florey. Parts of the film were shot at Stateville Correctional Center near Joliet Illinois where Touhy himself was serving time. Although the story was fictionalized Touhy successfully sued the studio for defamation of character.
 In Person is a 1935 film starring Ginger Rogers. It made a profit of $147000. It is about Miss Carol Corliss a beautiful movie star so insecure about her fame that she goes around in disguise. She later meets a rugged outdoorsman who is unaffected by her star status.
 Quick Change is a 1990 comedy film written by Howard Franklin produced by and starring Bill Murray and directed by both. Geena Davis Randy Quaid and Jason Robards co-star. Other cast members include Tony Shalhoub Stanley Tucci Phil Hartman Victor Argo Kurtwood Smith Bob Elliott and Philip Bosco.
 The Wild Bunch is a 1969 American epic Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah about an aging outlaw gang on the Texas-Mexico border trying to exist in the changing modern world of 1913. The film was controversial because of its graphic violence and its portrayal of crude men attempting to survive by any available means.It stars William Holden Robert Ryan Ernest Borgnine Ben Johnson and Warren Oates. The screenplay was by Peckinpah and Walon Green.
 Yandé Codou la griotte de Senghor is a 2008 documentary film.
 Evil Bong 3-D: The Wrath of Bong is a 2011 horror comedy film directed by Charles Band and the third film in the Evil Bong series following Evil Bong 2: King Bong. The film was released on April 8 2011 through Full Moon Entertainment and was given a limited theatrical release road tour. Evil Bong was shot in 3D and utilized scratch and sniff cards that film viewers could smell at certain times during the film.
 Trial of Ned Kelly is a 1977 Australian TV film about a hypothetical trial of Ned Kelly.
 The Lively Set is a 1964 film directed by Jack Arnold. It stars James Darren Pamela Tiffin and Doug McClure.
 Bellyfruit (also spelled Belly Fruit) is a 1999 film about teen pregnancy directed and co-written by Kerri Green.
 April (Georgian: აპრილი Aprili) is a short romance-drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani. The film was produced in 1961 in Iosseliani's early period while still in his native Georgia.The film was screened out of competition at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Amar Akbar & Tony is an upcoming British comedy-drama film written and directed by Atul Malhotra. Amar Akbar & Tony is an independent British feature film. The film will feature Rez KemptonSam Vincenti and Martin Delaney in the lead roles. The film is scheduled to release in 2014.
 New Dragon Gate Inn is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Raymond Lee and produced by Tsui Hark starring Tony Leung Ka-fai Brigitte Lin Maggie Cheung and Donnie Yen. It was released as Dragon Inn in North America.The film is a remake of Dragon Gate Inn (1966). New Dragon Gate Inn was shot as a standard wuxia action thriller with fast-paced action including martial arts sword fighting and black comedy set in ancient China.
 Robin Hood is a 1912 film made by Eclair Studios when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.The movie's costumes feature enormous versions of the familiar hats of Robin and his merry men and uses the unusual effect of momentarily superimposing the image of a different animal over each character to emphasize their good or evil qualities.
 Liang Po Po: The Movie (梁婆婆重出江湖; literally Granny Liang Returns to the Triad World) is a Singaporean film directed by Jack Neo in 1999. It starred the comedian director Jack Neo himself who cross-dresses as the titular old lady which in English is translated as Granny Neo.
 The Jade and the Pearl (Chinese: 翡翠明珠; Mandarin Pinyin: Fěicuì Míngzhū; Jyutping: Fei2 ceoi3 ming4 zu1) is a 2010 Hong Kong film co-produced by Shaw Brothers Studio Television Broadcasts Limited and Emperor Motion Pictures.
 Clothes is a 1920 silent film produced and distributed by the Metro Pictures company. It is based on a 1906 Broadway play Clothes by Channing Pollock and Avery Hopwood. The play starred Grace George with a young supporting player named Douglas Fairbanks. A 1914 silent film was produced and is now lost. This 1920 version from Metro starred Olive Tell. By all accounts this version is lost as well.
 Blind Spot is a 1947 American mystery thriller film noir directed by Robert Gordon and starring Chester Morris Constance Dowling and Steven Geray.
 A Handful of Time (En håndfull tid) is a Norwegian film from 1989 directed by Martin Asphaug. Starring Espen Skjønberg Camilla Strøm-Henriksen Nicolay Lange-Nielsen and Bjørn Sundquist the film also features Susannah York and Nigel Hawthorne.
 Redneck Zombies is a 1987 very low budget independent horror comedy trash film directed by Pericles Lewnes and released by Troma Entertainment.
 Infinite Sorrow (Russian: Скорбь бесконечная) is a 1922 Soviet/Russian film directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev about Russian famine of 1921.
 Glass House: The Good Mother is a 2006 direct-to-video film starring Angie Harmon Jordan Hinson Joel Gretsch and Bobby Coleman. Although it shares no characters with the 2001 film The Glass House it was marketed as a thematic sequel.
 Bazaar is an Indian Hindi language family-drama film of year 1949. The film is directed by K. Amarnath and produced under the banner Madhukar Pictures.
 Ek Phool Teen Kante is a 1997 Indian Bollywood film directed by Anup Malik and produced by Deven Tanna. It stars Vikas Bhalla and Monica Bedi in pivotal roles. It was released on August 29 1997.
 Hokus Pokus (1949) is the 115th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Sutradharulu is a 1989 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath. This film is based on a story against violence shown in a rural background. This message is shown in a short graphic format as an introduction to the film.
 Kangaroo is a 1952 American Technicolor film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is also known as The Australian Story (American subtitle). The first Technicolor movie filmed on-location in Australia. Strong winds on location forced Milestone to re-dub much of the exterior dialogue.Kangaroo was remade in Africa as The Jackals in 1967.
 Bye Bye Blues is a 1989 Canadian film. It was written and directed by Anne Wheeler and produced by Alberta Motion Picture Development Corporation with the assistance of Allarcom Limited.
 Tequila Sunrise is a 1988 American crime thriller film written and directed by Robert Towne. It stars Mel Gibson Michelle Pfeiffer and Kurt Russell with Raúl Juliá J. T. Walsh Arliss Howard and Gabriel Damon in supporting roles.The film only the second (after Personal Best) to be both written and directed by Academy Award–winning screenwriter Towne was commercially successful making over $100 million at the box office worldwide but critical reception was mixed.
 For Hope is a 1996 ABC TV movie starring Dana Delany and directed by Bob Saget. Based on Saget's sister Gay the movie showed the experience of a young woman fatally afflicted with the disease scleroderma.
 Fauj is an Indian Bollywood movie released in 1994 directed by Ashok Gaikwad and produced by Gurunam Kaur. The main casts in the movie are Kamal Sadanah Farheen Madhoo and Kiran Kumar.
 Stranded is a 2013 American science fiction-horror film directed and co-written by Roger Christian starring Christian Slater Brendan Fehr Amy Matysio and Michael Therriault. Astronauts stranded on a lunar mining base attempt to survive an attack by a shapeshifting alien life form. Reviews were generally negative and critics called it derivative and unoriginal.
 Skatetown U.S.A. is a 1979 American comedic feature film produced to capitalize on the short-lived fad of roller disco.The film features many TV stars from the 1960s and 1970s among them Scott Baio Flip Wilson Maureen McCormick Ron Palillo and Ruth Buzzi. Patrick Swayze's leading role as the skater Ace was his first movie performance. Also in the cast are Sydney Lassick Billy Barty and Dorothy Stratten (later subject of the film Star 80).
 The Deadly Duo is a 1971 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung.
 Ten Thousand Years Older is a 2002 documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Amondauas (Uru Eus) people of Brazil. The ten-minute film was produced and included as part of the Ten Minutes Older project released in the collection The Trumpet.
 Last Orgy of the Third Reich (Italian: L'ultima orgia del III Reich English: Gestapo's Last Orgy) is a 1977 Italian Nazi exploitation film directed by Cesare Canevari. It stars Adriano Micantoni (billed as Marc Loud) and Daniela Poggi (billed as Daniela Levy).
 A Girl of the Bush is a 1921 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is one of the few films from Barrett to survive in its entirety today.
 Hay que casar a Paulina is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Un couple épatant (Two: An amazing couple) is a Lucas Belvaux 2002 film with his own script.This is the second installment of a series Trilogy which constitutes a comedy preceded by One: On the run a thriller and followed by Three: After life a melodrama.Belvaux referred in the DVD commentary that main idea behind Trilogy is that the main characters in a particular story are the secondary characters of others in such sense the three films happen at the same time and share a series of common scenes and plot points complementing each other but also have their own perspective and style. 
 Hindle Wakes is a 1918 British silent film drama directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Colette O'Niel and Hayford Hobbs.
 G-Force is a 2009 spy-fi comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films. Written by Cormac Wibberley and Marianne Wibberley the film is the directorial debut of Hoyt Yeatman whose earlier work includes contributions in the area of visual effects. It was released in the United States on July 24 2009.
 The Headless Horseman is a 1922 horror film adaption of Washington Irving's The Legend of Sleepy Hollow starring Will Rogers Lois Meredith (in her last major on-screen appearance) Ben Hendricks Jr. and directed by Edward D. Venturini.
 Dinty is a 1920 silent drama featuring actress Colleen Moore. The film was written by Marshall Neilan specifically for Wesley Barry a young actor known for his freckled complexion. In Wesley's previous film he played a character named Dinty a paperboy. The character was so popular that Neilan wrote the story around that character fleshing out his background and giving him his own adventure.
 Navarathinam (Tamil: நவரத்தினம் English: Nine gems)is a 1977 Indian Tamil written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role Latha Jayachitra and Zarina Wahab with among others enacting supporting roles.
 Azooma (Hangul: 공정사회; RR: Gongjeongsahoe) is a 2013 South Korean film starring Jang Young-nam in her first leading role as a mother seeking justice for the rape of her ten-year-old daughter. It made its world premiere at the 2012 Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on April 18 2013.
 Queen Sized is a Lifetime drama telefilm that premiered on January 12 2008 starring Nikki Blonsky. The movie was made in Shreveport LA.
 Carry On Cruising is the sixth in the series of Carry On films to be made and was released in 1962. It was the first in the Carry On series to be filmed in colour and was based on an original story by Eric Barker. P&O – Orient Lines were thanked in the credits. Regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams and Kenneth Connor appear in the movie. Joan Sims and Charles Hawtrey are missing.
 96 Minutes is a 2012 American dramatic thriller written and directed by Aimée Lagos. The film stars Brittany Snow Evan Ross J. Michael Trautmann David Oyelowo and Christian Serratos. The film premiered at the SXSW Film Festival in March 2011. It was released in theaters on April 27 2012.
 Walking with Dinosaurs is a 2013 family film about dinosaurs in the Late Cretaceous period 70 million years ago. The production features computer-animated dinosaurs in live-action settings with actors John Leguizamo Justin Long Tiya Sircar and Skyler Stone providing voiceovers for the main characters.
 Gorky Park is a 1983 film based on the novel Gorky Park by Martin Cruz Smith. It was directed by Michael Apted from a screenplay by Dennis Potter (for which he won a 1984 Edgar Award).The main stars of the film are William Hurt as Arkady Renko Lee Marvin as Jack Osborne Joanna Pacuła as Irina Asanova Rikki Fulton as Major Pribluda Brian Dennehy as William Kirwill Ian McDiarmid as Professor Andreev Michael Elphick as Pasha and Ian Bannen as Prosecutor Iamskoy. James Horner wrote the score.
 Born to Defence (Chinese: 中華英雄) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film which marked the directorial debut of Jet Li who also stars in the film. The film features fight choreography by Tsui Siu-Ming. The film is set in China following the end of World War II and the liberation of China.
 Pretty Baby is a 1978 American historical fiction and drama film directed by Louis Malle and starring Brooke Shields Keith Carradine and Susan Sarandon. The screenplay was written by Polly Platt. The plot focuses on a 12-year-old prostitute in the red light district of New Orleans at the turn of the 20th century. The title of the film is inspired by the Tony Jackson song Pretty Baby which is used in the soundtrack.
 Journey to the Land of the Traveller (Persian: سفری به دیار مسافر‎ Safari be diār-e mosāfer) is a 1993 Iranian documentary film directed by Bahman Kiarostami.
 Buffalo Dreams is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by David S. Jackson.
 311 Day: Live in New Orleans is a DVD release by the band 311.
 The Wall is a 1962 American propaganda film directed by Walter de Hoog about the erection of the Berlin Wall.
 Mere Bhaiya is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Vijay Arora and Suresh Chatwal.
 Le Chakka (Bengali: লে ছ্ক্কা; English: Take a Sixer) is a 2010 Bengali-language sports comedy film written by Padmanava Dasgupta and directed by Raj Chakraborty.
 Přednosta stanice is a 1941 Czechoslovak movie starring the then star comedian Vlasta Burian. It has a running time of 88 minutes and was directed by Jan Sviták.It deals with an unpaying passenger escaping the General Inspector of railroads after sleeping in his special wagon. He is then by circumstances forced to adopt the persona of master of the local railroad station.
 Mission to Mars is a 2000 science fiction film directed by Brian De Palma from an original screenplay written by Jim Thomas John Thomas and Graham Yost. In 2020 a manned Mars exploration mission goes awry. American astronaut Jim McConnell (Gary Sinise) coordinates a rescue mission for a colleague. Principal support actors were Tim Robbins Don Cheadle Connie Nielsen Jerry O'Connell and Kim Delaney.
 Raiders of the Lost Ark (later marketed as Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark) is a 1981 American fantasy adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg produced by Frank Marshall and Howard Kazanjian executive produced by George Lucas written by Lawrence Kasdan and based on a story of George Lucas and Philip Kaufman and starring Harrison Ford. It was the first installment in the Indiana Jones film franchise to be released though it is the second in internal chronological order.
 Randidangazhi (Malayalam: രണ്ടിടങ്ങഴി English: Two Measures) is a 1958 Malayalam political film based on the novel of the same name by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai and directed by P. Subramaniam with Miss Kumari P. J. Antony T. S. Muthaiah Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair S. P. Pillai Bahadoor Adoor Pankajam Soman and J. A. R. Anand in the star cast. It received a certificate of merit at the National Film Awards.
 En Jeevan Paduthu is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R. Sundarrajan starring Karthik and Saranya in lead roles supported by Sudha Captain Raju and Kapil Dev.
 Keep in a Dry Place and Away From Children is an award-winning 1998 short film by Martin Davies. The film features a soundtrack by Pram who released the music as an EP in 1999. Reception for the short was positive with the film winning several awards at various film festivals.
 Rakhi (Telugu: రాఖీ) is a Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamsi and has Jr. NTR in the lead role and Ileana D'Cruz and Charmme Kaur in supporting roles. This film released on 22 December 2006 with 250 prints. The movie got a very good response and was declared as a big hit with good critical reviews. Jr. NTR tried his luck with women Sentiment
 Bezeten Het Gat in de Muur is a 1969 Dutch film directed by Pim de la Parra and starring Donald Jones.
 Pacquiao: The Movie is a 2006 action-drama film based on a true story of Filipino boxer Emmanuel Manny Pacquiao co-produced by Star Cinema and FLT Films. The film was shot in General Santos City Manila and Los Angeles California.
 Ali G Aiii is a straight-to-video release of clips from Da Ali G Show (original UK series) plus unaired segments from the show hosted by Ali G himself. The word Aiii refers to Ali G's slang/slur loosely pronounced Ah-eye and meaning all right.
 Truck Stop Women is a 1974 film directed by Mark L. Lester and partly financed by Phil Gramm about a mother and daughter who run a brothel for truckers on the New Mexico highways and fight back when the Mafia tries to take over their operation. Claudia Jennings appears in this film and is naked throughout most of it. It has a great deal of country music including a truckin' music video inserted about halfway through. The movie's catchphrase is No rig was too big for them to handle!
 I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings is an American television film based on the autobiography of the same name by Maya Angelou first aired April 28 1979 on CBS. Angelou and Leonora Thuna wrote the screenplay and the movie was directed by Fielder Cook. Constance Good played the young Maya Angelou. Also appearing were Esther Rolle Roger E. Mosley Diahann Carroll Ruby Dee and Madge Sinclair.
 Police Story (경찰관 - Gyeongchalgwan) is a 1979 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Tarzan's New York Adventure is a 1942 film the sixth Tarzan film to feature actors Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. This film was the sixth and final film in MGM's Tarzan series and was the studio's last Tarzan film until their 1958 release Tarzan's Fight for Life directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Gordon Scott and Eve Brent. Of interest is the uncredited appearance as a circus roustabout by Elmo Lincoln who in 1918 was the first actor to star as Tarzan.
 The fictional superhero team Fantastic Four featured in Marvel Comics publication have appeared in three feature films since its inception. The films are based around four main characters known formally as Reed Richards Susan Storm Ben Grimm and Johnny Storm and how they adapt to the superpowers they attain.Constantin Film bought the movie rights for the characters in the mid-1980s. A low-budget film was produced in 1992 in order to retain the license.
 Hiroshima is a BBC docudrama that premiered as a television special on 5 August 2005 marking the eve of the 60th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. The program was aired on the Discovery Channel in the United States. The documentary features historical reenactments using firsthand eyewitness accounts and computer-generated imagery of the explosion. The film won an Emmy and three BAFTA awards in 2006.
 Slices of Life is independent film maker Anthony G Sumner's feature length horror anthology which explores the terror of everyday life. 4 years in the making Slices of Life completed production in 2010 and is currently seeking distribution.
 Dossier K. is a Flemish thriller film directed by Jan Verheyen based on a novel by Jef Geeraerts. Dossier K. is the second book by Jef Geeraerts for the series about detectives Vincke and Verstuyft that has been put to screen after De zaak Alzheimer. Several actors from the first film reprise their roles including Koen De Bouw Werner De Smedt Hilde De Baerdemaeker Filip Peters and Jappe Claes. It is a film about crimes in the Albanian maffia scene in Antwerp.
 Border Cop is a 1979 action film starring Telly Savalas. Savalas plays a United States Border Patrol agent who has a close run-in with a dangerous organized crime boss. The film is distributed by Troma Entertainment.Tagline: Where the law crosses the line.The film is rated R13 in New Zealand and it contains violence and content that may disturb.
 Pain & Gain is a 2013 American crime-comedy film directed by Michael Bay and starring Mark Wahlberg Dwayne Johnson and Anthony Mackie.
 What the Daisy Said is a one-reel film (about 12 minutes) made by D. W. Griffith for Biograph in 1910.
 The Phantom Gunslinger (1970) is a Mexican-American western film directed by Albert Zugsmith. The film stars Troy Donahue Sabrina Elizabeth Campbell Emilio Fernández Germán Robles and Pedro Armendáriz Jr..The film was English-model's Sabrina last film as she retired from modeling and acting after filming The Phantom Gunslinger.[citation needed]A digitally-restored version of The Phantom Gunslinger will be released on 10 December 2013.
 I Melt with You is a 2011 American arthouse thriller film directed by Mark Pellington. It completed filming in September 2010. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2011. The film was critically panned.
 High Life is a 2009 Canadian film based on the stage play by Lee MacDougall written by Lee MacDougall and directed by Gary Yates. Starring Timothy Olyphant Stephen Eric McIntyre Joe Anderson and Rossif Sutherland High Life is a comedic heist movie from the flip-side of the 80’s consumer dream.
 Engeyum Kadhal (English: Love is Everywhere) is a 2011 Tamil romantic musical-film written and directed by Prabhu Deva that stars Jayam Ravi and Hansika Motwani in the lead roles. Featuring music by Harris Jayaraj it was produced by Kalpathi S. Agoram and released on 6 May 2011 to mixed reviews. The story revolves around a girl living in France who falls in love with a boy coming from India.
 Colossus and the Headhunters also known in its original Italian title as Maciste contro i cacciatori di teste (Maciste against the head-hunters) is a sword and sandal film created in Italy and released in 1960.In the movie's plot Maciste arrives on an island only to find it rocked by a catastrophic volcanic eruption... and sinking. The survivors board Maciste's raft and he pilots it toward a nearby yet unknown island. The group gets captured by a tribe led by Queen Amoa.
 Althaara is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1964.
 Skywhales is a 1983 animated short film that depicts a fictional society of alien creatures dwelling in the atmosphere of a gas giant. The film is notable for the completeness of its depiction of a fictitious society including alien language flora fauna and social structures and practices.It was released at the cinema in the United Kingdom in 1984 showing before the film Nineteen Eighty-Four.
 Ip Man is a 2008 Hong Kong semi biographical martial arts film very loosely based on the life of Yip Man a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun and master of Bruce Lee. The film focuses on events in Ip's life that supposedly took place in the city of Foshan during the Sino-Japanese War. The film was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen as Ip Man with martial arts choreography by Sammo Hung.
 Osmosis Jones is a 2001 live-action/animated comedy film directed by Tom Sito and Piet Kroon for the animated segments and the Farrelly brothers for the live-action ones. Unusual in this genre the animated characters are inside the live-action ones. It is set in a fictionalized version of the human body which resembles a large city where micro-organisms or any being based in organisms are anthropomorphic and centers on Frank Detorre a slovenly zookeeper.
 The Black Secret is a 1919 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The film was recorded in both Fort Lee New Jersey as well as in the nearby Hudson Palisades. Recording took place during a time when many of the early 20th century film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there. The film is currently considered to be lost.
 For the distortion pedal see Univox Super FuzzSuper Fuzz or Poliziotto superpiù (also called Super Snooper) is an Italian comedy film about Dave Speed a bumbling Miami police officer who gains super powers through accidental nuclear exposure. Directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Terence Hill and Ernest Borgnine it was released in 1980.
 Dharam-Veer is a 1977 Indian Hindi film produced and directed by Manmohan Desai. The movie stars Dharmendra Zeenat Aman Jeetendra Neetu Singh Pran Indrani Mukherjee Jeevan and Ranjeet.
 Prince Daewon (대원군 Daewongun) is a 1968 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Mudhal Mariyadhai is a 1985 Tamil feature film directed by P. Bharathiraja. It starred Sivaji Ganesan and Radha in the lead with Vadivukkarasi Ranjani Aruna Mucherla A. K. Veerasamy and Sathyaraj playing other significant role. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilaiyaraaja.The film was critically received upon release. It fetched Best Lyricist Award and Best Feature Film in Tamil Award for Vairamuthu and Bharathiraja respectively at the 33rd National Film Awards.
 Damsels in Distress (original title: Violet Wister's Damsels in Distress and Whit Stillman's Damsels in Distress) is an American comedy film written and directed by Whit Stillman and starring Greta Gerwig Adam Brody and Analeigh Tipton. It is set at a United States East Coast university. First screened at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and the Toronto International Film Festival the film opened in New York and Los Angeles on April 6 2012.
 Superhero Movie is a 2008 American comedy spoof film written and directed by Craig Mazin produced by David Zucker and Robert K. Weiss and starring Drake Bell Sara Paxton Christopher McDonald and Leslie Nielsen. It was originally titled Superhero! as a nod to one of David and Jerry Zucker's previous films Airplane!.Superhero Movie is a spoof of the superhero film genre mainly the first Spider-Man as well as other modern-day Marvel Comics film adaptations.
 Kukuli (Quechua for White-winged Dove) is a 1961 Peruvian drama film directed by Luis Figueroa Eulogio Nishiyama and Cesar Villanueva. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival. It was the first film to be spoken in the Quechua language.
 The Other Side of Heaven is a 2001 American adventure drama film written and directed by Mitch Davis. The film stars Christopher Gorham and Anne Hathaway.The film is about Groberg's experience as a Mormon missionary in the Tongan islands in the 1950s and is based on the book that he wrote about his experiences In the Eye of the Storm. The film focuses on Groberg's adventurous experiences and trials while serving as a missionary in the South Pacific.
 La muerte camina en la lluvia (English: The death walks in the rain) is a 1948 Argentine suspense film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and based upon the novel L'assassin habite au 21 written by Stanislas-André Steeman. It was premiered on September 7 1948.
 Mirchi (English : Chilli) is a 2013 Telugu film written and directed by debutante Koratala Siva. The film stars Prabhas Anushka Shetty and Richa Gangopadhyay in the lead roles and Sathyaraj Adithya and Nadhiya in pivotal roles. The film was tentatively titled Vaaradhi but was later renamed to Mirchi.
 The Grateful Dead Movie released in 1977 and directed by Jerry Garcia is a film that captures performances from the Grateful Dead's October 1974 five-night stand at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. This end-of-tour run marked the beginning of an extended hiatus for the band with no shows planned for 1975. The movie also faithfully portrays the burgeoning Deadhead scene. The film features the Wall of Sound concert sound system that the Dead used for all of 1974.
 Ranokhetro is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Satabdi Roy in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Debojyoti Mishra
 Kickin' the Crown Around is a 1933 American film featuring the comedy team Clark and McCullough and directed by Sam White.
 Opium: Diary of a Madwoman (Hungarian: Ópium: Egy elmebeteg nö naplója) is a 2007 Hungarian drama film directed by János Szász. It was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival where Kirsti Stubø won the Silver George for Best Actress.
 Love Lives On is a fact-based TV film that aired on ABC on April 1 1985.The film centers around a 15 year old played by Mary Stuart Masterson who kicks a drug addiction then learns that she has cancer and is pregnant and that her unborn child has only a slim chance of survival.The film's composer and lyricist James Di Pasquale and Douglas Brayfield won the 1985 Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Music and Lyrics.
 Rosalie Goes Shopping is a 1989 German film (in English) directed by Percy Adlon and starring Marianne Sägebrecht Brad Davis and Judge Reinhold.The film which was in competition at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival and was rated PG in the MPAA film rating system met mixed reviews.
 Stella is a 1950 film starring Ann Sheridan.
 The Mayfair Set is a series of programmes produced by Adam Curtis for the BBC first broadcast in the summer of 1999 on July 18th.The programme looked at how buccaneer capitalists of hot money were allowed to shape the climate of the Thatcher years focusing on the rise of Colonel David Stirling Jim Slater James Goldsmith and Tiny Rowland all members of London's Clermont Club in the 1960s. It received the BAFTA Award for Best Factual Series or Strand in 2000.
 The Moralist (Italian: Il moralista) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
 The Presumption of Justice is a 2012 Canadian documentary film. Directed by Boris Malagurski and Ivana Rajović it deals with the September 2009 murder of Brice Taton a fan of Toulouse FC who arrived to Belgrade Serbia in order to support his club in its UEFA Europa League away match versus FK Partizan. The film particularly focuses on the subsequent court case in front of the Serbian judiciary that saw a dozen FK Partizan fans get convicted for the crime.
 Dekh Indian Circus is an Indian film directed by Mangesh Hadawale. The film provides an entertaining metaphor for rural India's struggle to access the supposed economic miracle of that east Asian nation.
 Fados is a 2007 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura.
 Luke Rank Impersonator is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 East Side West Side is a 1949 melodramatic crime film starring Barbara Stanwyck as a wronged wife and Ava Gardner in one of her earliest roles along with James Mason and Van Heflin. Based on a novel by Marcia Davenport and a screenplay by Isobel Lennart the film was produced by Voldemar Vetluguin directed by Mervyn Leroy and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Jugnu (English: firefly) is a 1973 Indian Hindi movie produced and directed by Pramod Chakravorty. The story is about an extremely Intelligent crook with a Golden Heart (Dharmendra) who has the remarkable ability to steal from the most protected setups. The movie also stars Hema Malini Lalita Pawar Mehmood Prem Chopra Nazir Hussain Ajit and Pran.The music is by S. D. Burman and the lyrics by Anand Bakshi. .
 I Love You is a 1986 French-Italian drama film directed by Marco Ferreri. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anna Karenina is a 1997 film directed by Bernard Rose and starring Sophie Marceau Sean Bean Alfred Molina Mia Kirshner and James Fox. Based on the 1877 novel Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy with a screenplay by Bernard Rose the film is about a young and beautiful married woman who meets a handsome count with whom she falls in love. After he joins her in Saint Petersburg they have a passionate love affair but their happiness is eventually undermined by social pressures.
 Trouble for Two is a 1936 film starring Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell. It is based on The Suicide Club a short story collection by Robert Louis Stevenson. A European prince unhappy over an impending arranged marriage finds intrigue at an unusual London club.
 Tout ce qui brille is a 2010 French film and the debut feature film for Géraldine Nakache and Hervé Mimran who co-wrote and co-directed the film. It was filmed in Puteaux La Défense and Paris notably the 16th arrondissement.Originally Tout ce qui brille was a 2007 short film shot by the same directors.
 Story of Wine (스토리 오브 와인 Seutori obeu wain) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Lee Cheol-ha and starring Lee Ki-woo. It is Korea's first interactive movie.
 Forbidden Zone is a 1980 musical comedy film based upon the stage performances of the Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo. Originally shot on black-and-white film the story of Forbidden Zone involves an alternate universe accessed through a door in the house of the Hercules family. Directed and produced by Richard Elfman who co-wrote the film with fellow Mystic Knights member Matthew Bright it was the first film scored by his brother Danny Elfman.
 Mobile Suit Gundam F91 (機動戦士ガンダムF91 Kidō Senshi Gandamu Fōmyura Nainti Wan) is a 1991 anime film which was Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino's attempt to launch a new Gundam saga set thirty years after Char's Counterattack and twenty seven years after Gundam Unicorn. He re-teamed with character designer Yoshikazu Yasuhiko and mecha designer Kunio Okawara for the occasion. The movie was first released in Japan on March 16 1991.
 One More Chance is a 2005 drama short film directed by American actor writer and producer Darrell M. Smith and co-produced by actor Jacques Derosena. It was one of the finalists of the 2005 Gotham City Short Film Festival of John Coogan.
 Do Bigha Zamin (meaning two thirds of an acre of land) is 1953 Hindi film directed by Bengali film director Bimal Roy and starring Balraj Sahni and Nirupa Roy in lead roles. The film is known for its socialist theme and is an important film in the early parallel cinema of India and is rightly considered a trend setter.
 Tiny Times (Chinese: 小时代) also known as Tiny Times 1.0 is a 2013 Chinese romance drama film written and directed by Guo Jingming and based on the best-selling novel of the same name also by Guo.
 Skipped Parts (also known as The Wonder of Sex in the UK) is a movie based on Tim Sandlin's book of the same name. Skipped Parts is the first in a series of novels based on the lives of Maury and Sam the second and final being Sorrow Floats and Social Blunders. The film is about a group of characters living in a small Wyoming town. After making the film-festival rounds in 2000 it had a limited release by Trimark Pictures.
 Orkut Oru Ormakoot ( Malayalam: ഓർക്കൂട്ട് ഒരു ഓർമ്മക്കൂട്ട്) is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by debutant duo of Manoj - Vinod. The film launched a new bunch of actors which included Joe Sibi Malayil (son of director Sibi Malayil) Ben Lalu Alex (son of actor Lalu Alex) Anu Mohan (grandson of actor Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair) Vishnu Raghav and Arjun Ashokan (son of actor Harishree Ashokan). Rima Kallingal is the female lead.
 Natir Puja (The dancing girl's worship 1932) is the only film where Rabindranath Tagore is credited as director. This film is a recording of Tagore's 1926 stage dance-drama.
 The Last Witness (Hangul: 최후의 증인; RR: Choehuui jeungin) is a 1980 South Korean mystery film directed by Lee Doo-yong based on the 1974 novel of the same title by Kim Seong-jong. When the film was originally released a 40-minute portion was cut due to censorship laws of that time. A remake with the same title was released in 2001.
 Banker Bilo is a 1980 Turkish language comedy film directed and produced by Ertem Egilmez.The film features Ilyas Salman Meral ZerenSener Sen and Ahu Tugba in the lead role. The film was one of the most popular Turkish comedy films released in 1980's.
 Pallikoodam (English-School) is a Tamil feature film directed and cinematographed by Thangar Bachchan. Narain Sneha Sriya Reddy Seeman and the director himself form the cast. Narain plays Vetrivel a collector while Sriya Reddy is a nurse Sneha is a teacher named Kokila and Seeman plays Muthu. The film deals with four different periods - 1978 1983 1991 and 2004.
 Taxi at Midnight (German: Die Mitternachtstaxe) is a 1929 German silent thriller film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel Betty Bird and Philipp Manning. The film's art direction was by Fritz Maurischat and Max Knaake.
 Misbehaving Husbands is a 1940 American comedy of errors film directed by William Beaudine for Producers Releasing Corporation. The film had the working titles of At Your Age and Dummy Husbands. Harry Langdon Betty Blythe Esther Muir and others in the cast were stars in silent films; it was the film debut of Gig Young credited under the name of Byron Barr.
 Tebraa retratos de mujeres saharauis is a 2007 Spanish documentary film.
 All My Friends Part 2 (Italian: Amici miei Atto II) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It is the sequel to Amici miei of 1975. The movie features Paolo Stoppa in one of his last roles. The last chapter of this saga is Amici miei - Atto III directed by Nanni Loy (1985).
 Badhaai Ho Badhaai is a 2002 Bollywood comedy and Anil Kapoor's first production. It was a remake of well-known Tamil movie Poove Unakkaga and the second half of the film was inspired by the Tom Shadyac's The Nutty Professor.It was shot over 45 days in Delhi.
 Pippi Goes on Board (original title: Här kommer Pippi Långstrump) is a 1969 Swedish movie based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking. The movie consisted of re-edited footage from the TV series. It was released in the USA in 1975.
 For the Cause (also known as Final Encounter) is a 2000 science-fiction fantasy directed by David Douglas and Tim Douglas.
 Three Girls from Rome (Italian: Le ragazze di Piazza Spagna released as Girls of the Spanish Steps in the UK) is a 1952 Italian classic comedy drama film directed by Luciano Emmer
 This article is about a 1954 documentary film. For other uses see The Lost Continent (disambiguation).Lost Continent (Italian: Continente perduto) (1954) is an Italian documentary film about Maritime Southeast Asia including Borneo.
 Guru is a 2007 Indian biographical film loosely based on the life of Dhirubhai Ambani a business magnate who founded Reliance Industries. The film was co-written and directed by Mani Ratnam. It stars Abhishek Bachchan Aishwarya Rai R. Madhavan Vidya Balan Arya Babbar Mithun Chakraborty in the leading roles. The film also has Mallika Sherawat in a guest appearance. The score and soundtrack for the film was composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Trapped by the Mormons (also released as The Mormon Peril) is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent. This anti-Mormon film involves the taking of young virginal English women to Utah to become wives.
 The Mysterious Mr. M (1946) is a Universal movie serial. It was the last serial produced by Universal.
 Adrift (Vietnamese: Chơi vơi) is a 2009 Vietnamese film directed by Bui Thac Chuyen and stars Linh Dan Pham Do Thi Hai Yen Johnny Tri Nguyen and Nguyen Duy Khoa. Hai Yen plays Duyen a young tourist guide who marries Hai (Duy Khoa) a taxi driver but her friend and writer Cam (Linh Dan) still has feelings for her. The film deals with issues in modern Vietnam such as homosexuality and loneliness of the young generation.
 News Hounds is a 1947 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the seventh film in the series.
 Palominas is a 2013 American Western drama film written and directed by Thadd Turner. The film stars Buck Taylor Daryl Hannah Wes Studi and Ryan Merriman.
 My Dear Secretary is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Charles Martin starring Laraine Day and Kirk Douglas.
 Covered Wagon Days is a 1940 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by George Sherman.
 Hugo and Josephine (Swedish: Hugo och Josefin) is a 1967 Swedish film written and directed by Kjell Grede. The film is based on the novel with the same name by Maria Gripe and it stars Fredrik Becklén and Marie Öhman in the lead roles with Beppe Wolgers Helena Brodin and Inga Landgré in supporting roles. The film won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film at the 5th Guldbagge Awards.The film is mostly shot in Kårsta in Vallentuna Municipality.
 Breathing Fire is a 1991 American martial arts film directed by Lou Kennedy in his directorial debut and co-directed by Brandon De-Wilde and starring Jonathan Ke Quan Eddie Saavedra Ed Neal and Jerry Trimble. The film was released on direct-to-VHS in the United States on July 15 1992.It is a remake of the 1977 Hong Kong film The Flash Legs that starred Tao-liang Tan who executive produced and wrote this film under the pseudonym of Delon Tanners.
 Declaration of Independence is a 1938 American short drama film directed by Crane Wilbur. It won an Academy Award at the 11th Academy Awards in 1939 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Monkey Drummer is a 2.5 minute long music video created by British music video director Chris Cunningham in 2001. The video was commissioned by the Anthony d'Offay Gallery in London and was meant to be a companion piece to his Flex commercial but it wasn't completed in time for the exhibition in September 2000 and instead made its debut at the Venice Biennale's 49th International Exhibition of Art in November 2001.
 L'Alpagueur is a film adaptation of the original scenario from Philippe Labro directed by him and featuring Jean-Paul Belmondo in the title role and Bruno Cremer as L'Epervier.Released in 1976 and considered as a typical French thriller from the 1970s it is one of many Belmondo's movie where he is playing the title role. Like in Le Magnifique L'Incorrigible or Le Marginal Belmondo is the real star of the show playing a solitary character and pursuing bad guys.
 Sirf Tum (meaning 'only you') is a Bollywood film directed by Agathian. It was released on 11 June 1999. The film features Sanjay Kapoor Priya Gill Salman Khan Sushmita Sen Simran Bagga and Jackie Shroff. It is a remake of the National award winning Tamil film Kadhal Kottai which starred Ajith Kumar and Devayani in lead roles. The movie was filmed in Nanital Kerala and Houston.
 Kill Bill is an American action/thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. Kill Bill was originally scheduled for a single theatrical release but with a running time of over four hours it was separated into two movies: Kill Bill Volume 1 released in late 2003 and Kill Bill Volume 2 released in early 2004. A third installment was planned for the year 2014 but in a 2012 interview from Tarantino concerning Kill Bill: Vol.
 The Rejected Woman is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Albert Parker and featuring Béla Lugosi in a supporting role. A preserved silent feature at George Eastman House.
 Das häßliche Mädchen (The Ugly Girl sometimes translated The Ugly Duckling) is a German comedy film made in early 1933 during the transition from the Weimar Republic to Nazi Germany and premièred in September that year. It was the first or second film directed by Hermann Kosterlitz who left Germany before the film was completed and later worked in the United States under the name Henry Koster and the last German film in which Dolly Haas appeared; she also later emigrated to the US.
 Life or Something Like It is a 2002 romantic comedy/drama film directed by Stephen Herek. The film focuses on television reporter Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) and her quest to find meaning in her life. The original music score was composed by David Newman. The film's taglines are: Destiny is what you make of it and What if you only had 7 days to live?
 Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger vs. Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie (海賊戦隊ゴーカイジャーVS宇宙刑事ギャバン THE MOVIE Kaizoku Sentai Gōkaijā Tai Uchū Keiji Gyaban Za Mūbī) is a film adaptation of the 35th anniversary Super Sentai Series Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger.
 Adhinayakudu is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by Parachuri Murali. The film is produced by M. L. Padma Kumar Chowdhary under his Sree Keerthi Creations banner. The film stars Nandamuri Balakrishna Lakshmi Rai Saloni and Jayasudha in lead roles. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Kalyani Malik and Vijay Kumar has done the camera work. Balakrishna has played three different roles as a grand- father father grand son for the first time on celluloid screen.
 Surf II is a 1984 American independent comedy film written and directed by Randall M. Badat and starring Eddie Deezen Linda Kerridge Eric Stoltz Jeffrey Rogers and Peter Isacksen.
 The Slingshot (Swedish: Kådisbellan) is a 1993 Swedish drama film starring Jesper Salén Stellan Skarsgård and Basia Frydman. Directed by Åke Sandgren the film was based on Roland Schütt's 1989 autobiographical novel of the same name (translates to The Condom Slingshot).
 State of Grace is a 1990 neo-noir crime film starring Sean Penn Ed Harris and Gary Oldman also featuring Robin Wright John Turturro and John C. Reilly. Written by Dennis McIntyre and directed by Phil Joanou the film was executive produced by Ned Dowd Randy Ostrow and Ron Rotholz with a musical score by Ennio Morricone.
 Red Stallion in the Rockies is a 1949 American Cinecolor film directed by Ralph Murphy. Mary Grant designed the film's costumes.
 Canción del alma (Soul Song) is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Mimi is a 1935 British romance directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Gertrude Lawrence and Diana Napier. In nineteenth century Paris a composer is inspired by a young woman he encounters. It is based on the novel La Vie de Bohème by Henri Murger.
 En Kelvikku Enna Bathil is a 1978 Tamil film that is directed by P.Madhavan. It starrs Rajinikanth and Sripriya in the lead roles. The movie was a failure at the box office.
 A Social Celebrity (1926) is a silent comedy drama starring Louise Brooks as a small town manicurist who goes to New York with her boyfriend (Adolphe Menjou) a barber who poses as a French count. The film is now considered a lost film.
 All Hat is a 2007 Canadian western comedy film directed by Leonard Farlinger written by Brad Smith (who also wrote the novel of the same name) and starring Luke Kirby Keith Carradine Noam Jenkins and Lisa Ray.
 Stolen Paradise also released as Adolescence is a 1940 youth film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and filmed in and around Coral Gables Florida. Eleanor Hunt was married to producer George A. Hirliman.
 Front of the Class is a 2008 American drama film based on the book by Brad Cohen Front of the Class: How Tourette Syndrome Made Me the Teacher I Never Had co-authored by Lisa Wysocky.The book was made into a Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie starring newcomer James Wolk—a 2007 University of Michigan graduate—and featuring Treat Williams and Emmy Award-winning actress Patricia Heaton as Cohen's parents; the movie aired on CBS on December 7 2008.
 Boat Trip is a 2002 romantic comedy directed by Mort Nathan and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. Horatio Sanz Vivica A. Fox Roselyn Sanchez and Roger Moore.
 Top Gun is a 1955 Western about an ex-gunslinger (Sterling Hayden) who arrives in a small town warning of an impending attack by his old gang. The film features Rod Taylor in one of his first American roles.
 A Joke of Destiny (Italian: Scherzo del destino in agguato dietro l'angolo come un brigante da strada) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Lina Wertmüller. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Jackhammer Massacre is a 2004 horror film written and directed by Joe Castro and co-written by Daniel Benton.
 Bambaru Avith (Sinhala The Wasps are Here) is a 1978 dramatic film made by Sri Lankan director Dharmasena Pathiraja. It explores tradition and exploitation following the introduction of capitalism to a tiny fishing village and the subsequent clash between the local boss and the urban outsider.
 The Summer of Flying Fish (Spanish: El Verano de los Peces Voladores) is a Chilean-French film directed by Marcela Said.The film premiered in the Directors' Fortnight at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Firingoti (Assamese: ফিৰিঙতি) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua. The film was released in 1992.
 Kiwi! is a 2006 computer-generated animation created by Dony Permedi a student in the New York City School of Visual Arts as his Master's Thesis Animation with music composed and performed by Tim Cassell. The animation's story of a kiwi that aspires to fly created a major Internet phenomenon after it was hosted on the video sharing site YouTube.
 Le Fear is a 2010 British comedy film and the directorial debut of actor Jason Croot who also features in a supporting role. Shot on an ultra-low budget of less than £2000 and filmed over the course of just three days the film stars Kyri Saphiris Spencer Austin and Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty among others. The story follows the experiences of a bunch of actors as they attempt to make an ultimately inept and poor quality film. A sequel Le Fear II: Le Sequel will be released in 2013.
 A Tale of Legendary Libido (Hangul: 가루지기; RR: Garujigi) is a 2008 South Korean film.
 Judgment Night is a 1993 action thriller film directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Emilio Estévez Cuba Gooding Jr. Jeremy Piven and Stephen Dorff as a group of friends on the run from a gang of drug dealers (led by Denis Leary) after they witness a murder. The film was released on DVD on January 20 2004.
 Sweet November is a 1968 romantic comedy-drama film written by Herman Raucher and starring Sandy Dennis Anthony Newley and Theodore Bikel.
 The Silent World (French: Le Monde du silence) is a 1956 French documentary film co-directed by the famed French oceanographer Jacques-Yves Cousteau and a young Louis Malle. The Silent World is noted as one of the first films to use underwater cinematography to show the ocean depths in color. Its title derives from Cousteau's 1953 book The Silent World: A Story of Undersea Discovery and Adventure.The film was shot aboard the ship Calypso.
 The Life Before This is a 1999 Canadian film directed by Jerry Ciccoritti. It begins with a massacre perpetrated in a coffee shop by two gunmen and then uses flashbacks to show how each of the people present found themselves in the shop on that day. It shows how small choices can result in life-changing situations.
 Khichdi: The Movie is a 2010 Hindi Comedy film directed by Aatish Kapadia starring Supriya Pathak Rajeev Mehta and Anang Desai. The film is produced by JD Majethia and is the first film by Hats Off Production. Narrated by the two wise kids of the hilariously madcap Parekh family namely Jacky and Chakki Khichdi: The Movie shows a hare-brained scheme by a snail-brained bunch of lovable losers.
 The Substitute (Danish: Vikaren) is a 2007 Danish film directed by Ole Bornedal.
 Dil Chahta Hai (Hindī: दिल चाहता है English: The Heart Desires but billed as Do Your Thing) is a 2001 Indian coming-of-age comedy-drama filmstarring Aamir Khan Saif Ali Khan Akshaye Khanna Preity Zinta Sonali Kulkarni and Dimple Kapadia.
 Touched By Evil is a 1997 television film directed by James A. Contner. The film stars Paula Abdul Adrian Pasdar and Susan Ruttan. It aired on ABC January 12 1997 at 9/8c. This film marks the acting debut of American singer/choreographer Paula Abdul.
 Buck and the Preacher is a 1972 American Western film starring Sidney Poitier as Buck and Harry Belafonte as the Preacher. Buck is a trail guide leading groups of former slaves trying to homestead in the West immediately after the American Civil War. The Preacher is a swindling minister of the High and Low Order of the Holiness Persuasion Church. Together they protect a wagon train from bounty hunters.This is the first film Sidney Poitier directed.
 Lots of Luck is a 1985 Walt Disney television film directed by Peter Baldwin.
 A Muppets Christmas: Letters to Santa is a 2008 NBC television special directed by Kirk R. Thatcher and produced by The Muppets Studio featuring The Muppets in a Christmas mission to personally deliver three letters to Santa accidentally diverted by Gonzo to the North Pole. The special shot in Brooklyn and Midtown Manhattan was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on DVD.
 La Yuma is a 2009 Nicaraguan drama film directed by Florence Jaugey. The film was selected as the Nicaraguan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but did not make the final shortlist.
 Run of the Arrow is a 1957 western film starring Rod Steiger Brian Keith Ralph Meeker Jay C. Flippen and a young Charles Bronson. Set at the end of the American Civil War the movie was directed by Samuel Fuller and filmed in Technicolor.
 Autómata is an upcoming Sci-fi thriller film directed by Gabe Ibáñez and co-written with Igor Legarreta and Javier Sánchez Donate. The film stars Antonio Banderas Birgitte Hjort Sørensen Melanie Griffith Dylan McDermott Robert Forster and Tim McInnerny.
 Ant Story (Bengali: পিপড়াবিদ্যা) is a 2013 Bangladeshi film directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and starring Sheena Chohan Nur Imran Mitu and others.
 Manon des Sources (French pronunciation: ​[manɔ̃ de suʁs]; released in North America as Manon of the Spring) is a critically acclaimed and commercially successful 1986 French language film. Directed by Claude Berri it is the second of two films adapted from the 1966 two-volume novel by Marcel Pagnol who wrote it based on his own earlier film of the same title. It is the sequel to Jean de Florette.
 Les Bicyclettes de Belsize is a 1968 British musical short film (30 mins) starring Judy Huxtable and Anthony May. It was directed by Douglas Hickox.It tells the story of a young man (May) cycling around the Hampstead (NW3) area of London on a Raleigh RSW16. After crashing into a billboard he falls in love with a fashion model (Huxtable) depicted on it.
 Snowglobe is a 2007 television film starring Christina Milian Josh Cooke Matt Keeslar Luciana Carro and Lorraine Bracco. The film was produced by ABC Family and first aired on December 15 2007 in their 25 Days of Christmas programming block.
 The Dirty Dozen: The Fatal Mission is 1988 made-for-TV film and is the third sequel to the original The Dirty Dozen. It features an all-new 'dirty dozen' with the exception of the returning Joe Stern under the leadership of Major Wright (performed by Telly Savalas in final film appearance).
 If I'm Lucky is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Lewis Seiler and starring Vivian Blaine Perry Como Harry James and Carmen Miranda.If I'm Lucky is a remake of Thanks a Million (1935).
 Uncle Tom's Uncle is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 50th Our Gang short subject released. The title is a play on the 1852 novel Uncle Tom's Cabin.
 Mehndi is an Indian film released on 13 November 1998. It was written and directed by Hamid Ali Khan. It stars Rani Mukerji. The movie is a typical melodrama teaching moral values. Arbaaz Khan is also in the cast. Dialogues were written by Iqbal Durrani and it became quite successful at that time.
 Wuthering Heights is a 1920 British drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Milton Rosmer Colette Brettel and Warwick Ward. It is an adaptation of the novel Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë.
 Patta Pagalu is an upcoming Telugu horror film written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film stars Swati Dixit and Raja Sekhar in pivotal roles.
 Valiant is a 2005 British computer-animated film produced by Vanguard Animation and Odyssey Entertainment and released by Entertainment Film Distributors in the United Kingdom on March 25 2005 and by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on August 19 2005. Set in May of the year 1944 it tells the story of a group of war pigeons during World War II. Reviews of Valiant were mixed and largely poor.
 Meet Wally Sparks is a comedy film released in 1997 by Trimark Pictures. It stars Rodney Dangerfield who co-wrote the script and was directed by Peter Baldwin.
 DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp is a 1990 animated feature film based on the animated children's television series DuckTales. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on August 3 1990. It was the first animated feature released by Disney that was not part of the Disney animated features canon. It was also the first Disney animated film to be produced by DisneyToon Studios.
 Mrs. Jones' Birthday is a 1909 short American comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle. It was Arbuckle's second onscreen performance.
 Confetti is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Jack Buchanan Annette Benson and Sydney Fairbrother. It had its trade show in December 1927. The film was shot at Gainsborough Pictures' Islington studios.
 Young at Heart is a 1954 musical film starring Doris Day and Frank Sinatra directed by Gordon Douglas and featuring a supporting cast including Gig Young Ethel Barrymore Alan Hale Jr. and Dorothy Malone. The picture was the first of five films that Douglas directed with Sinatra and was a remake of the 1938 film Four Daughters.
 Panic in Year Zero! sometimes known as End of the World is a 1962 science fiction film directed by and starring Ray Milland. The original music score was composed by Les Baxter. It was written by John Morton and Jay Simms. Although the similarities to Ward Moore's stories Lot (1953) and Lot's Daughter (1954) are obvious Moore received no credit for the film.
 Cheated Hearts is a 1921 American drama film directed by Hobart Henley and featuring Boris Karloff.
 The Band of Honest Men (original title: La banda degli onesti) is a 1956 black and white Italian comedy film. The film is known as Die Bande der Ehrlichen in West Germany and Totó e as Notas Falsas in Portugal. It was filmed in Rome.
 På tro og love is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Četverored is 1999 Croatian film directed by Jakov Sedlar. Based on the novel of the same name by Ivan Aralica the plot of the film deals with the Bleiburg tragedy.The movie which was one of the most lavish and expensive productions of 1990s Croatian cinema industry received generally poor reviews and was almost ignored by the public in theaters.Četverored was immersed in controversy in late 1999 while being aired on Croatian Radio Television as two-part mini-series.
 Men of the Lightship is a short propaganda film produced by the Crown Film Unit for the British Ministry of Information in 1940 the year after the beginning of the Second World War. It dramatises the bombing of the East Dudgeon lightship by the Luftwaffe on 29 January 1940 and was designed to portray Germany as a barbaric enemy. An opening narration explains the traditional understanding of lightships (stationary ships used as lighthouses) as neutral vessels during war.
 Taxi!!! is a television movie that debuted on the NBC television network as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on February 2 1978. The film is directed by Joseph Hardy. It stars Martin Sheen and Eva Marie Saint.
 Soldier Boy is a 2004 film made in the USA and directed by Les Sholes of the US. It is notable because according to the 2007 edition of Guinness World Records it is the shortest classified film in history with a running time of only 7 seconds.The story concerns a couple who were separated during World War II. It was released on 18 March 2005 at the Empire Arts Center located in Grand Forks North Dakota USA.Soldier Boy was given a certificate G.
 Forbidden Paradise is a 1924 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by German film director Ernst Lubitsch a recent immigrant to the United States. The film is based on a 1922 Broadway play The Czarina by Edward Sheldon who adapted the Hungarian language book of Melchior Lengyel and Lajos Bíró. The play starred Doris Keane in one of her last stage roles about Catherine the Great.
 Boy Friend is a 1961 Hindi movie directed by Naresh Saigal. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Madhubala and Dharmendra. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Bon Voyage is a 2006 television drama film written by Oliver Brown and directed by John Fawcett. It starred Fay Ripley Ben Miles Daniel Ryan and Rachael Blake.Ben Miles and Rachael Blake play a couple who take their two children on a camping holiday to France. They soon realise they are being stalked by another couple Simon (Ryan) and Linda (Ripley).
 L’Age d’or (French pronunciation: ​[lɑʒ dɔʁ]) The Golden Age (1930) is a French surrealist comedy directed by Luis Buñuel about the insanities of modern life the hypocrisy of the sexual mores of bourgeois society and the value system of the Roman Catholic Church. The screenplay is by Salvador Dalí and Buñuel. L'Age d'Or was one of the first sound films made in France along with Prix de Beauté and Under the Roofs of Paris.
 Dead Birds is a 2004 American horror film directed by Alex Turner.
 The Love Charm is a 1921 comedy film directed by Thomas N. Heffron starring Wanda Hawley Mae Busch and Sylvia Ashton.
 Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro (Devnagari: जाने भी दो यारों English: Just Let It Go Friends) is a 1983 Hindi film directed by Kundan Shah and produced by NFDC.
 Deuces Wild is a 2002 American crime drama film directed by Scott Kalvert and written by Paul Kimatian and Christopher Gambale who also created the story. It stars Stephen Dorff Brad Renfro James Franco Matt Dillon and Fairuza Balk amongst others. The film is set in 1958 Brooklyn New York City.
 Wicked City (妖獣都市 Yōjū Toshi) is an animated horror neo-noir directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri based on Hideyuki Kikuchi's novel of the same name.The story takes place towards the end of the 20th century and explores the idea that the human world secretly coexists with the demon world with a secret police force known as the Black Guard protecting the boundary.
 Bell of Purity Temple (simplified Chinese: 清凉寺的钟声; traditional Chinese: 清涼寺的鐘聲; pinyin: qīng liáng sì de zhōng shēng) is a 1992 Chinese film about the life of a Japanese infant deserted in China after Sino-Japanese War. It is presented by Shanghai Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin starring Pu Cunxin Komaki Kurihara Ding Yi You Yong and Zhu Xu.
 Faster is a 2010 American action film directed by George Tillman Jr. and starring Dwayne Johnson and Billy Bob Thornton. The film was released in the United States on November 24 2010.
 Vietnam Long Time Coming is a documentary released in 1998 by Kartemquin Films. The film follows a 16-day 1100 mile bicycle expedition through once war-torn Northern and Southern Vietnam that was organized by World T.E.A.M. Sports. The event drew an array of veterans from the U.S. and Vietnam as well as celebrity riders like Greg LeMond and Senator John Kerry. Those without use of their legs used special hand-powered bikes while blind riders pedaled from the back of tandem bikes.
 Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior is the United States title for the 11th Pokémon movie and the second movie in the Diamond & Pearl trilogy originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Giratina and the Bouquet of the (Frozen) Sky: Shaymin (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール ギラティナと氷空（そら）の花束 シェイミ Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo Pāru Giratina to Sora no Hanataba Sheimi).
 Baxter! is a 1973 British drama film directed by Lionel Jeffries and starring Patricia Neal Jean-Pierre Cassel and Britt Ekland. A young boy struggles to overcome his speech problem and strained relationship with his parents. The film was based on a book by Kin Platt called The Boy Who Could Make Himself Disappear.
 Tijuana Makes Me Happy is a 2007 film made in Tijuana Mexico. It was directed by Dylan Verrechia co-written by James Lefkowitz with original music by Nortec Collective and titled by writer Rafael Saavedra.
 Det var en gang (English: Once upon a time) is a 1994 Norwegian animated film directed by Ketil Jakobsen. It is narrated by Henki Kolstad and contains the voices of several Norwegian actors. The film contains three of the folk tales collected by Asbjørnsen and Moe: The Little Boys who met the Trolls in Hedal Forest Three Lemons and The Twelve Wild Ducks.
 Love Is the Devil: Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon is a 1998 film made for television by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC).
 Black Butterfly (Spanish: Mariposa negra) is a 2006 Peruvian film directed by Francisco Lombardi. The screenplay was written by Giovanna Pollarolo based on the novel of Alonso Cueto.
 Of the People is the trequel to the movie 4 the People. It was produced by Jayaraj under the banner of New Generation Cinema. Arun Padmakumar and Arjun are in the cast. The story was written by director Jayaraj and the screenplay written by Sreekumar Sreyams.
 Zero to Sixty is a 1978 American comedy film directed by Don Weis. The film never received a theatrical release but it was later reviewed by TV Guide which called McGavin fun to watch in the film but noted the premise was brought to the screen six years later in a different film Repo Man.
 To Market To Market is a 1987 Australian political film directed by Virginia Rouse who was once an assistant to Paul Cox.The movie was made with funding from the Australian Film Commission and Film Victoria.
 The Midnight Taxi is a 1928 early part-talkie melodrama picture from Warner Brothers directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Antonio Moreno Helen Costello and Myrna Loy. It is unknown whether a copy survives but a silent copy with no talking is in the care of the British Film Institute. The silent print runs just under 50 minutes.
 Though I Know the River is Dry (Arabic: مع آني آعرف آن النهر قد جف) is a 2013 Palestinian short crowd-sourced film directed by Omar Robert Hamilton.
 An American Girl: Saige Paints the Sky is the seventh film in the American Girl series introducing newcomer Sidney Fullmer in the title role as well as Kerr Smith Jane Seymour Alex Peters Alana Gordillo and Mika Abdalla.The film tells the story of Saige Copeland an aspiring young artist from Albuquerque New Mexico. As with the previous film the screenplay was written by Jessica O'Toole and Amy Rardin.
 Twice Upon a Time is a 1983 animated film directed by John Korty and Charles Swenson. This film had an unusual history in terms of release and editing but it has been named one of the most important films in the history of stop-motion animation. This was also the first animated film George Lucas produced. The film uses a form of cutout animation which the filmmakers called Lumage that involved prefabricated cut-out plastic pieces that the animators moved on a light table.
 For the Woody Guthrie song see Deportee (Plane Wreck at Los Gatos).Deportee is a 1976 dramatic short film written produced and directed by Sharron Miller. It stars Andrew Stevens Leslie Paxton and Sam Gilman.
 C'est pas tout à fait la vie dont j'avais rêvé is a 2005 French drama film directed by Michel Piccoli. It was screened out of competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 1871 is a 1990 period film about the rise and fall of the Paris Commune in 1871. It was directed by Ken McMullen and produced by Stewart Richards. The writers were McMullen James Leahy and Terry James. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Strange Cargo (1940) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer feature film starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable in a story about a group of fugitive prisoners from a French penal colony. The screenplay by Lawrence Hazard was based upon the 1936 novel Not Too Narrow Not Too Deep by Richard Sale. The film was directed by Frank Borzage and produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The film is the eighth and last film pairing of Gable and Crawford.
 Route 66 is a 1998 American film directed by Steve Austin and starring Alana Austin Diane Ladd Richard Moll and Pamela Bach.
 Venetian Bird [aka The Assassin] is a 1952 British thriller film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Richard Todd Eva Bartok and John Gregson.
 Bronco Billy is a 1980 American film starring Clint Eastwood and Sondra Locke. It was directed by Eastwood and written by Dennis Hackin.
 Caravaggio (1986) is a British film directed by Derek Jarman. The film is a fictionalised re-telling of the life of Baroque painter Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio.
 Driven to Kill is a 2009 American action film directed by Jeff F. King starring Steven Seagal Mike Dopud Igor Jijikine and Robert Wisden. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on May 19 2009.
 Helter Skelter is a 2004 television film directed by John Gray based on the murders of the Charles Manson Family. The film was a remake of the 1976 two-part TV movie. Unlike the 1976 version which focused mainly on the police investigation and the murder trial this film also focused briefly on the connection Beach Boy Dennis Wilson had with the Manson Family.
 Life is an upcoming drama film directed by Anton Corbijn and written by Luke Davies. It is based on the friendship of Life photographer Dennis Stock and Hollywood icon James Dean starring Robert Pattinson as Stock and Dane DeHaan as Dean.
 Deadline is a 2012 American mystery drama film directed by Curt Hahn. The screenplay was written by former Charlotte Observer managing editor Mark Ethridge basing it upon his novel Grievances which was inspired by actual events. The film stars Steve Talley and Academy Award nominee Eric Roberts.
 Perariyathavar (English: Names Unknown) is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Dr. Biju. The film revolves around two sweepers and the problems they encounter in life depicting the agonies of the marginalised section of society. The film features Suraj Venjaramoodu and Indrans in the lead roles. It won the National Film Award for Best Film on Environment Conservation/Preservation. Suraj received the National Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in the film.
 The Fury is a 1978 supernatural thriller film directed by Brian De Palma. The film was written by John Farris based on his novel of the same name. It starred Kirk Douglas John Cassavetes Carrie Snodgress Amy Irving Charles Durning and Andrew Stevens. The music was composed by Academy Award-winner John Williams and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. It was highly praised by critic Pauline Kael who called it as elegant and delicately varied a score as any horror film has ever had.
 New Muslim Cool is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Jennifer Maytorena Taylor. The film was initially released on POV (TV series) and follows the life of Hamza Perez a Puerto Rican American Rap artist who converted to Islam after he decided to quit his life as a drug dealer. Hamza spends his time on the streets and jail cells spreading the message of Islam to at-risk youth and communities.
 The Prince is an upcoming American gangster film directed by Brian A. Miller. It stars Bruce Willis South Korean singer Rain John Cusack Jason Patric and rapper Curtis 50 Cent Jackson.
 The Ghost and Mr. Chicken is a 1966 American comedy-drama film starring Don Knotts as Luther Heggs a newspaper typesetter who spends a night in a haunted house which is located in the fictitious community of Rachel Kansas. The working title was Running Scared.
 The Gene Generation is a 2007 Biopunk science fiction film about an assassin who battles DNA hackers. The film was directed by Pearry Teo and stars Bai Ling Parry Shen Faye Dunaway and Alec Newman.
 Preethi Prema Pranaya (Kannada: ಪ್ರೀತಿ ಪ್ರೇಮ ಪ್ರಣಯ) is a 2003 Kannada drama film written and directed by Kavitha Lankesh. The film had an ensemble cast of Ananth Nag Bharathi Vishnuvardhan Sudharani Prakash Raj Bhavana Anu Prabhakar and Sunil Raoh in the lead roles. It was produced by Indo - Hollywood films consisting of five producers namely Mano Murthy Ram Prasad Dr. Renuka and Somashekar.
 Kanehsatake: 270 Years of Resistance is a 1993 feature-length film documentary film by Alanis Obomsawin chronicling the 1990 Oka Crisis.Produced by the National Film Board of Canada the film won 18 Canadian and international awards including the Distinguished Documentary Achievement Award from the International Documentary Association and the CITY TV Award for Best Canadian Feature Film from the Toronto Festival of Festivals.
 Samaj Ko Badal Dalo is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao. The film stars Ajay Sahni Sarada Pran Kanhaiyalal Prem Chopra Mukri Kanchana Dhumal Aruna Irani. It is the Hindi version of the Telugu film Manushulu Marali.
 Coweb (simplified Chinese: 战·无双; traditional Chinese: 戰·無雙) is a 2009 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Xiong Xin Xin. It is Xiong Xin Xin's debut as a director in this film starring newcomer Jiang Lui Xia Sam Lee and Eddie Cheung.
 She Knew What She Wanted is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Albert Burdon Claude Dampier and Googie Withers. An amoral young dancer falls in love with the band leader. It was based on the stage musical Funny Face.
 The House of Hate is a 1918 American film serial directed by George B. Seitz produced when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey.The film is now considered to be lost. The Fort Lee Film Commission has found that this film exists at least in part in a film archive in Moscow Russia.
 Pournami Raavil is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian 3D film feature film directed by A. Vincent starring Vijayendra Ghatge Viji Janardhanan and Anuradha.
 Success (German: Erfolg) is a 1991 German drama film directed by Franz Seitz Jr. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sofie is a 1992 Danish drama film based on the novel Mendel Philipsen and Son by Henri Nathansen. It was Denmark's submission for the 1992 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.
 Same Love Same Rain (Spanish: El mismo amor la misma lluvia) is a 1999 Argentine-American romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Campanella and written by Campanella and Fernando Castets. It stars Ricardo Darín Soledad Villamil Ulises Dumont and Eduardo Blanco.
 Advise & Consent is a 1962 American motion picture based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Allen Drury published in 1959.The movie was adapted for the screen by Wendell Mayes and was directed by Otto Preminger.
 Nightmare Detective 2 ( 悪夢探偵2 Akumu Tantei 2) is a 2008 Japanese horror film and sequel directed by Shinya Tsukamoto to the 2007 film Nightmare Detective starring Ryuhei Matsuda as Kyoichi Kaganuma.
 A Social Cub is a 1916 short silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.
 Ayalvasi Oru Daridravasi (Malayalam: അയല്‍വാസി ഒരു ദരിദ്രവാസി English: My Neighbor is a Hobo) is a 1986 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Priyadarshan starring Prem Nazir Nedumudi Venu Shankar Sukumari Seema Innocent Mukesh Menaka Maniyanpilla Raju Kuthiravattam Pappu Ramu and Lizy.
 Up the River (1930) is a Pre-Code comedy film about escaped convicts directed by John Ford and starring Spencer Tracy and Humphrey Bogart in their feature film debuts.
 Somebody Else's Coat (Russian: Чужой пиджак) is a 1927 Soviet film directed by Boris Shpis based on Veniamin Kaverin's short story Government Inspector.
 Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris is a 1975 French/Canadian musical film directed by Denis Héroux. The screenplay by Eric Blau is an adaptation of his book for the long-running off-Broadway revue of the same name.
 Baana Kaathadi (Tamil: பாணா காத்தாடி; English: Kite) is a 2010 Tamil romance film written and directed by Badri Venkatesh. Adharvaa son of Tamil actor Murali makes his debut in the film as a lead actor while Prasanna Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Karunas also play lead roles while Murali makes a cameo appearance. Featuring music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja cinematography by Richard Maria Nathan and editing by Suresh Urs the film which was launched in March 2009 released on 6 August 2010.
 La Conjura de El Escorial (The Escorial Conspiracy) is a 2008 Spanish historical drama film directed by Antonio del Real and starring Jason Isaacs Julia Ormond Jordi Mollà Pilar Bastardés and Jürgen Prochnow. It is set in the reign of Philip II of Spain.On the night of Easter Monday March 31 1578 assassins murdered the treasury secretary Juan de Escobedo in cold blood in the royal palace of El Escorial).
 Dance Me Outside is a 1994 drama film directed and co-written by Bruce McDonald. It was based on a book by W.P. Kinsella.
 Savannah Smiles is a 1982 family comedy film starring Bridgette Andersen Donovan Scott Mark Miller who also wrote the film for the screen Peter Graves and Barbara Stanger.
 Bora Bora is a 1968 Italian sexploitation film directed by Ugo Liberatore. The story is about an estrange married couple who reconcile their differences in the sensual surroundings of the Tahitian island.
 Gladiator is a 2000 British–American epic historical drama film directed by Ridley Scott starring Russell Crowe Joaquin Phoenix Connie Nielsen Ralf Möller Oliver Reed (in his final film role) Djimon Hounsou Derek Jacobi John Shrapnel and Richard Harris. Crowe portrays the fictional character loyal Roman general Maximus Decimus Meridius who is betrayed when the emperor Marcus Aurelius's ambitious son Commodus murders his father and seizes the throne.
 Paint It Black is a 1989 film directed by Tim Hunter. It stars Rick Rossovich and Doug Savant.
 Washington Heights is a 2002 Lions Gate film directed by Alfredo De Villa and starring Manny Perez Tomas Milian and Danny Hoch. It concerns a young comic book artist and his struggle to deal with his father's paralysis following a robbery of his shop in the Washington Heights neighborhood of New York City.
 Ribbit is an upcoming 3D computer-animated comedy film.
 Let Him Have It is a 1991 British film which was based on the true story of the case against Derek Bentley who was hanged for murder under controversial circumstances on 28 January 1953. While Bentley did not directly play a role in the murder of PC Sidney Miles he received the greater punishment than the gunman (who was 16). It stars Christopher Eccleston as Bentley with Paul Reynolds Tom Courtenay and Tom Bell directed by Peter Medak.
 Komodo vs. Cobra also referred to as KVC is a 2005 television film directed by Jim Wynorski. It is Wynorski's sequel to his 2004 film Curse of the Komodo with several similar elements (experimentation gone awry father-daughter team government attempt to bomb things the ending komodo's behaviors etc.).
 Midnight Molly is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Evelyn Brent. The film is considered to be lost.
 Muriyadi is an upcoming Tamil thriller film directed by Selva featuring Sathyaraj Ganesh Venkatraman and Remya Nambeeshan in the lead roles. The film produced by K. Balachander's Kavithalayaa Productions is currently in its production stage and slated for a theatrical release in 2013.
 Breaking News Live (Malayalam: ബ്രെകിങ്ങ് ന്യൂസ്‌ ) is a 2013 Malayalam directed by Sudhir Ambalapadu. The film is produced by Ranjith Kumar and starring Kavya Madhavan and Mythili in the lead roles.
 Old Joy is a 2006 road movie directed by Kelly Reichardt and based on a short story by Jonathan Raymond. The original soundtrack for the film was by Yo La Tengo and is included on the compilation soundtrack album They Shoot We Score.
 Death Watch (French: La Mort en direct) is a 1980 science fiction film directed by Bertrand Tavernier. It is based on the novel The Unsleeping Eye by David G. Compton also known as The Continuous Katherine Mortenhoe. The film was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival. The film had 1013842 Admissions in France and was the 35th most attended film of the year.
 Now We're in the Air (1927) is a silent film starring the unofficial late-1920s intermittent comedy team of Wallace Beery and Raymond Hatton; and Louise Brooks who plays twins. The movie was directed by Frank R. Strayer.Wallace Beery and Louise Brooks worked together the following year in Beggars of Life a well-received early sound film.
 Kill the Man is a 1999 American comedy film starring Luke Wilson and Joshua Malina as the owners of an independent copy-shop who are in competition with a large chain of copy-shops.
 Deadlock is a 1931 British crime film directed by George King and starring Stewart Rome Marjorie Hume and Warwick Ward.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1917 silent comedy-drama film directed by Marshall Neilan based upon the novel of the same name by Kate Douglas Wiggin. This version is notable for having been adapted by famed female screenwriter Frances Marion. The film was made by the Mary Pickford Company and was an acclaimed box office hit. When the play premiered on Broadway in the 1910 theater season the part of Rebecca was played by Edith Taliaferro.
 A Play for a Passenger (Russian: Пьеса для пассажира translit. Pyesa dlya passazhira) is a 1995 Russian drama film directed by Vadim Abdrashitov. It was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Golmaal (Bengali: গোলমাল) (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Swapan Saha and featuring multi-starring Prasenjit Tota Ray Chowdhury Jisshu Sengupta Priyanka Trivedi Namrata Thapa Barsa Priyadarshini.
 Fico d'India (Prickly Pears) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 The Haunted House is a Khmer 2005 horror film based on a rumor spread throughout Kampong Chhnang province regarding a large deserted house made of black wood found along Nation Road #5 in Cambodia.The Fifth film produced by Campro Production.
 Sarah Plain and Tall is an American television film in the Hallmark Hall of Fame anthology series. It first aired in February 1991. It is the first of three installments in the film adaptation of Patricia MacLachlan's novel of the same name.
 Cuando los hijos pecan (When Children Sin) is a 1952 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 The Cook the Thief His Wife & Her Lover is a 1989 British-French romantic crime drama written and directed by Peter Greenaway starring Richard Bohringer Michael Gambon Helen Mirren and Alan Howard in the titular roles. The film's graphic scatological violent and nude scenes as well as its lavish cinematography and formalism were noted at the time of its release.
 Veeram (English: Valour) is a 2014 Tamil action film directed by Siva and produced by Vijaya Productions. The film features Ajith Kumar in the lead role while an ensemble supporting cast includes Tamannaah Vidharth Bala Santhanam Nassar Pradeep Rawat and Abhinaya amongst others. Pre-production works had been ongoing since December 2011 with shooting starting in April 2013. The film was released on 10 January 2014.
 The Navy vs. the Night Monsters (also known as Monsters of the Night and The Night Crawlers) is a 1966 American science fiction film produced by Jack Broder (and Roger Corman uncredited) written and directed by Michael A. Hoey and distributed by Realart Pictures Inc.
 Stolen Honor is a 45-minute video documentary that was released in September 2004. It features interviews with a number of American men who were prisoners of war in North Vietnam who contend they suffered increased maltreatment while prisoners as a direct result of John Kerry's Fulbright Hearing testimony in April 1971. The subtitle of the film is Wounds That Never Heal; on the production company's website the complete title is given instead as Stolen Honor: John Kerry's Record of Betrayal.
 Una lunga fila di croci (internationally released as A Noose for Django Hanging for Django and No Room to Die) is a 1969 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone.It was shown as part of a retrospective on Spaghetti Western at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
 Silver Stallion (Hangul: 은마는 오지 않는다; RR: Eunma neun oji anhneunda; lit. The Silver Stallion Will Never Come) is an award-winning 1991 South Korean film based on the novel by Ahn Jung-hyo.
 The Red Queen Kills Seven Times (Italian: La dama rossa uccide sette volte) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Emilio Miraglia.
 Season of Good Rain (Hangul: 호우시절; RR: Ho woo shijeol) also known as A Good Rain Knows is a 2009 film by Hur Jin-ho. It stars South Korean actor Jung Woo-sung and Chinese actress Gao Yuanyuan. The film was released to South Korean theaters on October 8 and had a total of 287887 admissions.Originally intended as the second segment of Chengdu I Love You the director and producers expanded its running time and released it as a stand-alone feature.
 My Joy (Russian: Счастье моё translit. Schastye moyo; Ukrainian: Щастя моє translit. Shchastya moye) is a 2010 Ukrainian road movie directed by Sergei Loznitsa. It is set in the western regions of Russia somewhere near Smolensk. My Joy was the first Ukrainian film ever to compete for the Palme d'Or.
 Pagan Love Song is a musical romance film released by MGM starring Esther Williams and Howard Keel. Set in Tahiti it was based on the novel Tahiti Landfall by William S. Stone.
 The Exonerated is a made-for-cable television film which dramatizes the true stories of six people who had been wrongfully convicted of murder and other offenses placed on death row and later exonerated and freed after serving varying years in prison. It was based on a successful stage play of the same name written by Erik Jensen and Jessica Blank and first aired on the former CourtTV cable television network on January 27 2005.
 The Babysitter is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Guy Ferland and starring Alicia Silverstone based on the eponymous short story by Robert Coover in his collection Pricksongs and Descants (1969). The film was released direct-to-video in October 1995.
 Superbad is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and starring Jonah Hill and Michael Cera. The film was written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg who began working on the script when they were both thirteen years old. They completed a draft by the time they were fifteen. The film's main characters have the same given names as Rogen and Goldberg. It was also one of a string of hit films produced by Judd Apatow.
 The Prestige is a 2006 British-American drama film directed by Christopher Nolan from a screenplay adapted by him and his brother Jonathan Nolan from Christopher Priest's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name. The story follows Robert Angier and Alfred Borden rival stage magicians in London at the end of the 19th century.
 Ninaithale Inikkum is a 2009 Tamil mystery-drama film directed by Kumaravelan. It stars Prithviraj Sukumaran Shakthi Vasudevan Priyamani Karthik Kumar and Anuja Iyer in the lead roles while K. Bhagyaraj and Manobala play supporting roles. The score was composed by Vijay Antony.Ninaithale Inikkum was released on September 4 2009 and was an average grosser but was later on declared a super-hit at the box office. The film was produced by Gemini Film Circuit and distributed by Sun Pictures.
 The Squid and the Whale is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Noah Baumbach and produced by Wes Anderson. It tells the semi-autobiographical story of two boys in Brooklyn dealing with their parents' divorce in the 1980s. The film is named after the giant squid and sperm whale diorama housed at the American Museum of Natural History which is seen in the film. The film was shot on Super 16mm mostly using a handheld camera.The Squid and the Whale was a critical success.
 Madhura Swapnam is a 1982 Tollywood film based on A. J. Cronin's novel The Citadel. The film was directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and stars Krishnam Raju Jayasudha and Jaya Prada.
 Moonlight Serenade (瀬戸内ムーンライト・セレナーデ Setouchi mūnraito serenāde) is a 1997 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Marquise of O (German: Die Marquise von O...) is a 1976 film directed by Éric Rohmer. Set in 1799 it tells the story of the Marquise von O a virtuous widow who finds herself pregnant and protests her innocence while possibly deserving to be exiled. The film was inspired by Heinrich von Kleist's 1808 novel Die Marquise von O. The film won the Grand Prix Spécial Prize at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival.
 Beau James is a 1957 film based on a non-fiction book of the same name by Gene Fowler.The movie stars Bob Hope as Jimmy Walker the colourful but controversial Mayor of New York City from 1926-32.
 Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajendra Bhatia. Its stars Kiran Kumar and Radha Saluja.
 Thunder on the Hill is a 1951 mystery drama film directed by Douglas Sirk. The picture was made by Universal International Pictures and produced by Michael Kraike from a screenplay by Oscar Saul and Andrew Solt based on the play Bonaventure by Charlotte Hastings. The music score was by Hans J. Salter and the cinematography by William H. Daniels.The film stars Claudette Colbert and Ann Blyth with Robert Douglas Gladys Cooper Michael Pate John Abbott and Norma Varden.
 Fires Within is a 1991 film directed by Gillian Armstrong. It stars Jimmy Smits and Greta Scacchi.
 Brewster's Millions is a 1935 British musical comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Jack Buchanan Lili Damita and Nancy O'Neil. It is based on the novel Brewster's Millions with the action relocated from the United States to Britain.
 Vettai (English: Hunt) is a 2012 Tamil coming-of-age action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy. The film star R. Madhavan Arya Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul in the lead roles while Ashutosh Rana Thambi Ramaiah and Nassar played supporting roles. The film score is composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja while cinematography is by Nirav Shah and editing handled by Anthony Gonsalves.
 Tafasiry is a 2007 film.
 Xica (Portuguese: Xica da Silva) is a 1976 Brazilian comedy film directed and written by Carlos Diegues based on the novel by João Felício dos Santos. It stars Zezé Motta Walmor Chagas and José Wilker. It was chosen as the Brazilian submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 49th Academy Awards but it failed to get a nomination.
 From The Sea to the Land Beyond: Britain's Coast on Film is a documentary feature film directed by Penny Woolcock with an original soundtrack by British indie-rock band British Sea Power. The project was originally produced by Crossover and Sheffield Doc/Fest as part of The Space project from the BBC and the Arts Council England. The film was edited by Alex Fry.The world premiere was at the Crucible Theatre at Sheffield Doc/Fest in June 2012 with British Sea Power playing the soundtrack live.
 Roma Bene is a 1971 Italian comedy-drama film starring Virna Lisi Nino Manfredi Irene Papas and Senta Berger.
 Thankakudam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Parzania (translation: Heaven and hell on earth) is a 2007 Indian drama film co-written and directed by Rahul Dholakia; David N. Donihue is the other co-writer. The film featured Naseeruddin Shah and Sarika in the lead roles while Corin Nemec and Raj Zutshi played supporting roles. Made on a budget of US$700000 the film was shot in Ahmedabad and Hyderabad.
 Bullets or Ballots is a 1936 gangster film starring Edward G. Robinson Joan Blondell Barton MacLane and Humphrey Bogart. Robinson plays a police detective who infiltrates a crime gang. This is the first of several films featuring both Robinson and Bogart.Robinson's character Johnny Blake was based on Johnny Broderick a noted New York City detective.
 Verbena Trágica (Tragic Festival also known as Block Party) is a 1939 film directed by Charles Lamont. The film was made in 1938 in both the English and Spanish languages.In 1996 the film has been deemed culturally significant by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
 Swami is a Hindi social film that was released on 8 June 2007 directed and also choreographed by Ganesh Acharya and Screenplay Muazzam Beg. The main cast consists of Juhi Chawla and Manoj Bajpai. In a first of its kind attempt the background music score of Swami was recorded before shooting the film. The music of this Hindi film is by Nitz 'N' Sony (Nitin Arora & Sony Chandy).
 Belinsky (Russian: Белинский) is a 1953 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev based on the life of Russian literary critic Vissarion Belinsky (1811-1848). The production of the film was completed in 1951 but it was not released until 1953 following the reshooting of various scenes demanded by Stalin[citation needed].
 One More Spring is a 1935 film about three people (Janet Gaynor Warner Baxter and Walter Woolf King) living together in the maintenance shed at Central Park as an alternative to living on the streets. The film was written by Edwin J. Burke from the Robert Nathan novel and directed by Henry King.
 Lemon (Chinese: 柠檬) is a 2013 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Jiarui Zhang.
 In viaggio con papà (Journey with Papa) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Alberto Sordi.
 They Wait is a 2007 Canadian horror film It stars Jaime King as a mother attempting to find the truth and save her son Regan Oey when threatened by spirits during the Chinese tradition of Ghost Month. The other leading star is Chinese Canadian actor Terry Chen who plays her husband. It was both filmed and set in the city of Vancouver in British Columbia in Canada and was featured at the 2007 Toronto Film Festival.
 Black Stallion is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Pramod Pappan. Kalabhavan Mani Bala and Namitha plays the lead roles in this film. This is Namitha's first film in Malayalam.
 La rivincita di Ivanhoe is a 1965 Italian adventure film directed by Tanio Boccia.
 Mademoiselle Mozart (US title: Meet Miss Mozart) is a 1935 French comedy/drama genre film directed produced and written by Yvan Noé.
 Bless the Beasts and Children is a 1971 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Glendon Swarthout that was directed by Stanley Kramer featuring Bill Mumy and Barry Robins.
 Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a series of films starring the voice talents of George Lopez and Drew Barrymore. The films are based on a chihuahua named Papi going through adventures alongside his family and friends.
 Pattharon Ka Saudagar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Kali Basti is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sudesh Issar and produced by Satish Khanna. It stars Shatrughan Sinha and Reena Roy in pivotal roles.
 Beyond Beauty: Taiwan from Above (Chinese: 看見台灣) is a 2013 documentary film which documents Taiwan completely in aerial photography. It is directed by aerial photographer Chi Po-lin and produced by Hou Hsiao-hsien with narration by Wu Nien-jen. The music is composed by Ricky Ho with three songs written and performed by Nolay Piho (Lin Ching-tai). The film opened on November 1 2013 at 44 theaters in Taiwan with Chinese and English subtitles.
 Lonesome Luke Mechanic is a 1917 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 The Terror Live (Hangul: 더 테러 라이브; RR: Deo Tereo Raibeu) is a 2013 South Korean thriller film written and directed by Kim Byung-woo. It stars Ha Jung-woo as an ambitious news anchorman who monopolizes the live broadcast of a terrorist attack following the explosion of Mapo Bridge on the Han River as the story unfolds within the narrow confines of a radio booth.
 Dallas 362 is a 2003 film starring and directed by Scott Caan. This film was Caan's debut as a director.The movie won the Critics Award at the 2003 CineVegas International Film Festival in Las Vegas Nevada.
 Between the Lines is a 1977 film from Midwest Films directed by Joan Micklin Silver and produced by her husband Raphael D. Silver. The film won two out of the three awards it was nominated for at the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Little Big Horn (also known as The Fighting Seventh) is a 1951 film directed by Charles Marquis Warren. It stars Lloyd Bridges and John Ireland. It was nominated for an award by the Writers Guild of America in 1952.In an interview Marie Windsor recalled an executive from Lippert Films announced the film had run out of money with the production having several pages torn out of the script and the film finished without certain scenes being done.
 Kanchi Thalaivan is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1960s.
 Death on Demand is a 2008 horror film directed by Adam Matalon and distributed by MTI Home Video. It is the first release from the Evil Twins production company.
 Aswani is a 1991 Indian biographical sports drama film based on the life of Ashwini Nachappa an Indian athlete who was a national champion sprinter. The film was produced by Ramoji Rao and directed by B. C. Mouli. The film was featured in International Film Festival of India.
 The End of Love is a drama film written and directed by Mark Webber. It stars Michael Cera Amanda Seyfried and Mark Webber. It premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival was released theatrically in the United States on March 1 2013 in the United States.
 Lady with the Light Gloves (Danish: Damen med de lyse handsker) is a 1942 Danish drama film written and directed by Benjamin Christensen. It was the final film that Christensen directed.
 Eggshells is an independent low-budget film released in 1969. It is the first film directed by Tobe Hooper. It was written by Kim Henkel and Tobe Hooper (writers of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre). It was produced by David L. Ford. It had a budget of $40000. Tobe Hooper described Eggshells as a hippie movie. David Ford called it a head film. Watchmaker Films will be releasing a DVD of Eggshells later this year[citation needed].
 Kurenai no tsubasa (紅の翼 lit. Crimson Wings) is a 1958 black and white Japanese film directed by Kō Nakahira.
 Srigala Item (Indonesian for Black Wolf also advertised with the Dutch title De Zwarte Wolf) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun for Action Film. Starring Hadidjah Mohamad Mochtar and Tan Tjeng Bok the film's plot – inspired by Zorro – follows a young man who became a masked vigilante to take revenge against his conniving uncle.
 Tall Tale also known as Tall Tale: The Unbelievable Adventures of Pecos Bill is a 1995 American western adventure fantasy film directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik. It stars Patrick Swayze Nick Stahl Oliver Platt Roger Aaron Brown Stephen Lang Scott Glenn Catherine O'Hara and Jared Harris.The film was written by Steven Bloom and Robert Rodat and was produced by Caravan Pictures and Walt Disney Pictures.
 Center Stage is a 2000 American teen drama film directed by Nicholas Hytner about a group of young dancers from various backgrounds who enroll at the fictitious American Ballet Academy in New York City. The film explores the issues and difficulties in the world of professional dance and how each individual copes with the stresses.
 Nature's Touch is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres. Starring William Garwood and Jack Richardson.
 Días contados (English title: Running Out of Time; literally: Numbered days) is a 1994 Spanish film directed by Imanol Uribe starring Javier Bardem Candela Peña Carmelo Gómez and Ruth Gabriel.
 Whitechapel is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Guido Herzfeld Hans Mierendorff and Otto Gebühr. The film was set around a variety theatre in London's East End suburb of Whitechapel.
 Singles is a 1984 Australia mini series about a 30 something woman having a series of relationships with men.
 The Conspiracy of Silence is a documentary TV film that was broadcast three times on PBS in the United States in 1995 and 1996. The title is formed from the assumption that there is a conspiracy of silence that surrounds domestic violence.
 The Crazy Companies (Chinese: 最佳損友) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Natalis Chan. It was followed by a sequel The Crazy Companies II which was released in 1989.
 Operation Mad Ball is a 1957 military comedy starring Jack Lemmon Ernie Kovacs Kathryn Grant Arthur O'Connell and Mickey Rooney and directed by Richard Quine. The screenplay by Blake Edwards and Jed Harris is based on an unproduced play by Arthur Carter.
 Mannin Maindhan is a 2005 Indian Tamil film directed by Rama Narayanan starring Sibiraj and 'Adhu' fame Suha in lead roles. Sathyaraj plays an extended cameo role. The film a remake of successful Telugu film Yagnam was produced by Rama Narayanan had musical score by Bharathwaj and was released on 4 March 2005 to negative reviews.
 The Master of Disaster is a 1986 American short documentary film produced by Sonya Friedman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Generał Nil is a Polish historical film based on the life of general Emil August Fieldorf pseudonym Nil.The film was directed by Ryszard Bugajski and was released in 2009.
 Miss Kicki is a Swedish-Taiwanese co-production.
 Le Conte du ventre plein (international English title: Bellyful) is a 2000 film written and directed by Melvin Van Peebles.
 Panggilan Darah (Indonesian for Call of Blood) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Sutan Usman Karim and produced by Tjho Seng Han for Oriental Film Company. The black-and-white film now considered lost starred Dhalia and Soerip. It followed orphaned sisters as they tried to make a living in the colonial capital of Batavia (now Jakarta).
 The Temperance Fete is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and starring George Robey Sydney Fairbrother and Connie Ediss. For a prank one of the waiters at a temperance meeting spikes the lemonade with alcohol.
 The Life of Chikuzan (竹山ひとり旅 Chikuzan hitori tabi) is a 1977 Japanese biographical film directed by Kaneto Shindo based on the life of shamisen player Takahashi Chikuzan. It is a coproduction of Kindai Eiga Kyokai and Chikuzan's company Jean-Jean.
 Father and the Boys is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost. Louise Lovely's American film debut after emigrating from Australia.It is based on a popular Broadway play of 1908 produced by Charles Frohman Father and the Boys by George Ade. Though Digby Bell was a renowned stage actor his part of Lemuel Morewood was played on stage by veteran William H. Crane.
 His Brother's Ghost is a 1945 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Shaapit is a 2010 Bollywood film directed by Vikram Bhatt starring Aditya Narayan Rahul Dev Shweta Agarwal and Shubh Joshi in the lead roles. The film is based on the story of a family whose daughters have been carrying a curse from generation to generation. It also stars Murli Sharma and Nishigandha Wad. This film was shot in Film City and released on 19 March 2010 under the banner of ASA Film Pvt Ltd.
 How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea (Russian: В городе Сочи тёмные ночи translit. V gorode Sochi tyomnye nochi lit. In Sochi the nights are dark) is a 1989 Soviet comedy film directed by Vasili Pichul. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Women Racket is an extant 1930 pre-Code talking film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer starring Tom Moore and Blanche Sweet. It is based on a 1928 Broadway play Night Hostess by Philip Dunning.
 The Boy Who Turned Yellow (1972) is the last film collaboration by the British filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger and the last film directed by Michael Powell. The film was made for the Children's Film Foundation.
 El extraño caso del doctor Fausto is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by and starring Gonzalo Suárez. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 More About the Children of Noisy Village (Swedish: Mer om oss barn i Bullerbyn) is a 1987 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström based on the books about The Six Bullerby Children by Astrid Lindgren.It is a sequel to The Children of Noisy Village which premiered the year before. The two movies were then reworked into a 7 episode TV-series that was broadcast in 1989.
 Blood Relation (혈맥 - Hyeolmaek) aka Kinship is a 1963 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards and the Blue Dragon Awards.
 Kondura (English title: The Boon; Telugu title: Anugraham) is 1978 Hindi/Telugu film by noted film director Shyam Benegal based on the novel by Marathi writer Khanolkar Chintamani T. (Aarti Prabhu) by the same name the screen adaptation was by Shyam Benegal and Girish Karnad. Kondura was a very brilliant novel written in Marathi by the prolific Marathi novelist writer and playwright Mr. Chintamani T.
 This article is about the film. For the printer see Lydia Bailey (printer).Lydia Bailey is a 1952 American historical film directed by Jean Negulesco based on the novel of the same title by Kenneth Roberts. It stars Dale Robertson and Anne Francis.
 Edo Porn (originally titled Hokusai Manga 北斎漫画 in Japanese) is a 1981 biographical drama based on the life of Japanese artist Hokusai directed by Kaneto Shindo
 I Madman is a 1989 American horror film directed by Tibor Takács.
 Race the Sun is a 1996 comedy-drama movie starring Halle Berry and James Belushi. The plot is loosely based on the true story of the Konawaena High School Solar Car Team which finished 18th in the 1990 World Solar Challenge and first place among high school entries.
 Video Collection (1984–1992) is a collection of music videos by the band Skinny Puppy first released on VHS in 1996 and DVD in 2001. It contains most of the band's Nettwerk-era videos a prominent exception being Worlock. Directors involved include William Morrison and Jim Van Bebber.
 El Fin is a 2012 film written and directed by Costa Rican film director Miguel Gómez and co-produced with his brother Dennis Gómez. Pablo Masís and Kurt Dyer play the two leading characters.
 Manhattan Murder Mystery (1993) is a comedy murder mystery film directed by and starring Woody Allen and written by Woody Allen and Marshall Brickman.
 Flight into Danger is a 1956 Canadian television film starring Corinne Conley James Doohan (who became famous later as Scotty in Star Trek: The Original Series) Kate Reid Zachary Scott and Philip Gilbert. The 60-minute teleplay was written by Arthur Hailey produced and screened by CBC Television and broadcast on August 20 1956 in the General Motors Theatre strand. In 1957 it was adapted into the feature film Zero Hour! and more famously parodied in the 1980 comedy Airplane!.
 How To Stop Being a Loser (2011) is a British independent comedy starring Billy Murray Gemma Atkinson Richard E. Grant Simon Phillips and Colin Salmon.
 The Hostage Tower is a 1980 American spy and thriller telemovie starring Peter Fonda and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and directed by Claudio Guzmán well known for his work in sitcoms. It is based on a book of the same name by John Denis based on an idea by Alistair MacLean. The book was written deliberately for television adaptation. It is the first in the series of UNACO books.
 Mädchen in Uniform (Girls in Uniform) is a 1931 German feature-length film based on the play Gestern und heute (Yesterday and Today) by Christa Winsloe and directed by Leontine Sagan with artistic direction from Carl Froelich who also funded the film. Winsloe also wrote the screenplay and was on the set during filming.It is noted as the first feature film to be produced with an openly pro-lesbian storyline and remains an international cult classic.
 My Sweet Little Village (Czech: Vesničko má středisková) is a 1985 Czechoslovak film directed by Jiří Menzel. In 1987 it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. At the 1986 Montreal World Film Festival it won the Special Jury Award and Prize of the Ecumenical Jury. At the Paris Film Festival in 1987 Hungarian actor János Bán received the best actor award.
 Lilian's Story is a 1996 Australian film based on a novel by Kate Grenville which was inspired by the life of Bea Miles a famous Sydney nonconformist. Variety's review of the picture commended the acting and called it a touching saga of an eccentric but tenacious woman who’s haunted by demons from her troubled past.Toni Collette won the Australian Film Institute award for supporting actress for her performance as the young Lilian in this film; the film was also nominated for best score.
 Le Boulet is a French film directed by Alain Berbérian and Frédéric Forestier released in 2002. It is known internationally as Ball and Chain.
 Saaya (Hindi: साया Urdu: سایہ translation: Shadow) is a 2003 Bollywood Horror film. It is directed by Anurag Basu and stars John Abraham Tara Sharma and Mahima Chaudhry. The story of the film is adapted from the 2002 Hollywood film Dragonfly.
 The Seven Sisters was a 1915 American silent romantic comedy directed by Sidney Olcott. Based on the 1911 ensemble play Seven Sisters by Edith Ellis Furness and Ferenc Herczeg the film starred Madge Evans Marguerite Clark and Conway Tearle. The film is now presumed lost.
 Viale della canzone is a 1965 Italian musical film directed and written by Tullio Piacentini.
 Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things (also known as Revenge of the Living Dead Things From the Dead and Zreaks) is a 1972 comedic horror film directed by Bob Clark. This low-budget zombie film is the third film of director Bob Clark who later became famous for directing the films Black Christmas A Christmas Story and Porky's.The film was shot in 14 days on a budget of $70000. Clark employed some of his college friends on it.
 All Ashore is a 1953 Technicolor musical comedy film directed by Richard Quine. It is the second of Mickey Rooney's three films for Columbia Pictures that was produced by Jonie Taps directed by Richard Quine and written by Blake Edwards. In the tradition of MGM's Anchors Aweigh and On the Town the film tells the stories of three sailors (Rooney crooner Dick Haymes and dancer Ray McDonald) on shore leave on Santa Catalina Island California where much of the film was shot.
 Catch My Soul is a 1974 film produced by Jack Good and Richard M. Rosenbloom and directed by Patrick McGoohan. It was an adaptation of Good's stage musical of the same title which itself was loosely adapted from William Shakespeare's Othello. It was not a critical success.
 Elsewhere is an Austrian documentary in 12 episodes which describes life in twelve very different locations. During the year 2000 Nikolaus Geyrhalter and his teams travelled to different places each month looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria.
 Charlie Chan in Egypt is the eighth 20th Century Fox Charlie Chan film starring Warner Oland in the title role. It was released in 1935.
 American Beauty is a 1999 American drama film directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Kevin Spacey stars as office worker Lester Burnham who has a midlife crisis when he becomes infatuated with his teenage daughter's best friend Angela (Mena Suvari). Annette Bening co-stars as Lester's materialistic wife Carolyn and Thora Birch plays their insecure daughter Jane; Wes Bentley Chris Cooper and Allison Janney also feature.
 Louis Theroux: Miami Mega Jail is a British television documentary film presented by and featuring Louis Theroux.
 The Exquisite Cadaver (Spanish: Las Crueles) AKA: The Cruel Ones is a 1969 Spanish art house exploitation film directed by Vicente Aranda based on the short story Bailando Para Parker written by Gonzalo Suárez. The plot follows a well-do-do publisher and family man who begins to receive severed body parts in the mail two years after his mistress committed suicide. Along with one of these bloody parcels is a letter of blackmail from the dead woman's one time lesbian lover seeking vengeance.
 The Price of Death (Italian: Il venditore di morte) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Lorenzo Gicca Palli and starring Klaus Kinski and Gianni Garko. Some DVD releases feature the title Der Galgen Wartecht Schon Amigo!.
 Listen to My Heart (引き出しの中のラブレター Hikidashi no naka no rabu retā) is a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Shinichi Mishiro.
 Black Lightning (Russian: Чёрная Молния; translit. Chornaya Molniya) is a 2009 Russian superhero film directed by Alexandr Voitinsky and Dmitry Kiseliov and produced by Timur Bekmambetov.
 Cheam Entry Kmao is a 1974 Cambodian film directed by actor Vann Vannak. The film stars Vann Vannak himself and actress Saom Vansodany. The song Luos Snae Bong Smok by Sinn Sisamouth and Ros Serey Sothear remains a popular duet from the film.
 Belle's Tales of Friendship is a live-action/animated Disney film released direct-to-video as a prequel to Disney's Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas. It was also released to help promote Disney Channel's television series Sing Me a Story with Belle for which Belle (live-action) tells stories about classic cartoons such as The Three Little Pigs and Peter and the Wolf with Belle narrating.
 Stewardess School is a 1986 American comedy film starring Brett Cullen and Don Most. It is also known for being one of voice veteran Rob Paulsen's very few onscreen roles and up until the early 2000s one of the most played films on the American cable channel Comedy Central.
 A Game for Girls (Italian: Un gioco da ragazze) is a 2008 Italian youth drama film directed by Matteo Rovere. It entered the competition at the 2008 Rome International Film Festival.
 Your Highness is a 2011 American fantasy stoner comedy film directed by David Gordon Green starring Danny McBride James Franco Natalie Portman and Zooey Deschanel with Justin Theroux Toby Jones and Damian Lewis in supporting roles. Written by McBride and Ben Best the film was released on April 8 2011. The film received mostly negative reviews by critics and grossed $25 million worldwide on a budget of $50 million.
 Mahanagar@Kolkata is a 2010 Bengali film directed by Suman Mukhopadhyay. The film is based on three stories of Nabarun Bhattacharya. The film was screened in Munich film festivals.
 Income Tax Sappy is the 153rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Elles is a 2011 European film directed and co-written by Polish director Małgorzata Szumowska.
 15 August (French: 15 Août) is a 2001 French film directed and written by Patrick Alessandrin.
 47 Rojulu (English: 47 days) is a 1981 Indian Telugu language drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Chiranjeevi Jaya Prada Sarath Babu and Ramaprabha. It was simultaneously made in Tamil as 47 Natkal Actress Saritha plays herself in a guest role. The film is based on a novel by Sivashankari.One of the best movies in early days of chiru career which proved his versatality.
 Feelin' Up (also known as Getting Together) is a 1976 comedy film written and directed by David Secter and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 Il grande racket (internationally released as The Big Racket) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. Fabio Testi stars as a police inspector who takes on a gang of hoodlums who terrorise an Italian city by extorting cash from local shop and bar owners.
 Forever England redirects here - the phrase is also a quotation from Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier.Brown on Resolution (US title - Born for Glory; UK re-issue title - Forever England) is a 1935 film adaptation of the CS Forester novel Brown on Resolution. The plot is centred on the illegitimate son of a British naval officer singlehandedly bringing about the downfall of a German cruiser during World War I.
 Beverly Hills Ninja is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan written by Mark Feldberg and Mitch Klebanoff. The film stars Chris Farley Nicollette Sheridan Robin Shou Nathaniel Parker and Chris Rock. The main plot revolves around Haru (portrayed by Farley) the white orphan boy was found by a clan of ninjas as an infant in an abandoned treasure chest and was raised by them.
 Greptar is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Rashika Chatterjee under the banner of Maa Karunamoyee Films. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Swastika Mukherjee Tapas Pal Ashish Vidyarthi and Locket Chatterjee in the lead roles. The music was composed by Anupam Dutta.
 Chasing Amy is a 1997 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith. The central tension revolves around sexuality sexual history and evolving friendships. It is the third film in Smith's View Askewniverse series.The film contains explicit sexual dialogue and was originally inspired by a brief scene from an early movie by a friend of Smith's.
 Brookh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai is a 2005 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Anup Sengupta starring Mithun Chakraborty Chiranjit Jeet Jishu Sengupta Koel Mallick Dipankar Dey
 Kadhal 2 Kalyanam (Tamil: காதல் 2 கல்யாணம்; Love to Marriage) is an upcoming Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by newcomer Milind Rau that stars debutante Sathya brother of Tamil actor Arya and Divya Spandana in the lead roles whilst Jayashree Nagendra Prasad Kasthuri and Anuja Iyer play pivotal roles. Noted film critic Baradwaj Rangan had written the dialogues while Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the film's score and soundtrack.
 The Purple Vigilantes is a 1938 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Robert Livingston Ray Corrigan and Max Terhune. Written by Betty Burbridge and Oliver Drake the film is about a rancher who organizes his fellow ranchers to form a vigilante group in order to rid their town of outlaws. After the outlaws are defeated some of the men posing as the vigilant group go on a crime spree.
 Eye of the Beast is about a young scientist who goes to a small fishing town to fight against a creature living under the water. It is the 6th film in the Maneater Series.
 The Boxer and Death (Czech: Boxer a smrť) is a 1962 Czech film directed by Peter Solan. The film stars Stefan Kvietik and Manfred Krug and was based on a Polish novel by Jozef Hen.
 Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham (English: Modern Saraswathi's Challenge) is a 2013 Tamil contemporary fantasy comedy film written and directed by K. Chandru. The film revolves around four men played by Jai VTV Ganesh Sathyan and Rajkumar. Niveda Thomas was paired opposite Jai. The film was produced by Kalpathi S Aghoram and has cinematography by Anand Jeeva; songs were composed by Prem Kumar.
 The Private Life of Helen of Troy is a 1927 American silent film about Helen of Troy based on a novel by John Erskine and adapted to screen by Gerald C. Duffy. The film was directed by Alexander Korda and starred Maria Corda as Helen Lewis Stone as Menelaus and Ricardo Cortez as Paris.Coming at the end of the silent film era it received the honor of being nominated for an Academy Award in 1929 the year of the Awards' inception in the category of Best Title Writing.
 Neenu Nakkare Haalu Sakkare is a 1991 Kannada language comedy film which was directed by Dorai- Bhagwan starring south super star Dr.Vishnuvardhan in the lead role. The music was composed by Hamsalekha.The story revolves round the hero's (Vishnuvardhan) hunt for a suitable girl and how he manages to find one with many hilarious scenes. Ambareesh makes a special appearance in this film.
 Luke's Movie Muddle is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive in various film archives around the world including George Eastman House and the Filmoteca Española.
 Heli is a 2013 independent Mexican crime drama film directed by Amat Escalante and produced by Jaime Romandía. Featuring newcomers Armando Espitia Andrea Vergara Linda González and Juan Eduardo Palacios the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. Escalante won the Best Director award at the ceremony. While being appreciative of the film's technical aspects film critics were divided in their opinion of the film itself.
 The Mend is an American comic-drama directed and written by John Magary. The film stars Josh Lucas Stephen Plunkett Mickey Sumner and Lucy Owen. The film premiered at South by Southwest on March 9 2014.
 Kagbeni is a 2008 Nepali movie loosely based on W. W. Jacobs's 1902 horror short story The Monkey's Paw. Kagbeni is the directorial debut of Bhusan Dahal. The name of the movie is taken from a tourist place Kagbeni situated in the valley of the Kali Gandaki which is a 2-hour side trek from Muktinath. The tagline of the movie is when wishes comes true.
 The Great Lover is a 1949 comedy film starring Bob Hope Rhonda Fleming and Roland Young. In the film a scout leader takes his troop on an ocean cruise pursues a beautiful duchess and is stalked by a murderer. It is also known as Easy Does It and My Favourite Redhead.
 North Sea Texas (Dutch: Noordzee Texas) is a 2011 Flemish drama film and the first feature from cult director Bavo Defurne starring Jelle Florizoone (nl) and Mathias Vergels. The screenplay was written by Bavo Defurne and Yves Verbraeken and is based in the 2004 children's novel Nooit gaat dit over by Andre Sollie. The film follows the story of Pim a boy - living with his reckless mother - who falls in love with his male best friend Gino.
 Tohfa (English: The Gift) is a 1984 Hindi film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and starring Sridevi Jeetendra and Jaya Prada. The film featured a hit pair of the 1980s Jeetendra and Sridevi both known for their dancing skills who appeared in numerous films together giving hits like Himmatwala (1983) and Justice Chaudhry (1986).The film about two sisters and their love triangle with lead hero was a direct remake of K.
 One Piece Film: Z (Japanese: ワンピースフィルム ゼット Hepburn: Wan Pīsu Firumu: Zetto ) is a 2012 Japanese anime film directed by Tatsuya Nagamine. It is the twelfth feature film based on the shōnen manga series One Piece by Eiichiro Oda. The film stars the regular television cast of Mayumi Tanaka Kazuya Nakai Akemi Okamura Kappei Yamaguchi Hiroaki Hirata Ikue Otani Yuriko Yamaguchi Kazuki Yao and Chō.
 Saigon is a 1948 film starring Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake in their fourth and final film together. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was one of the last films Veronica Lake made under her contract with the studio.
 Jeg har el sket og levet is a 1940 Danish family film directed by George Schnéevoigt. The film stars Erling Schroeder and Johannes Meyer.
 Les Misérables is a 1995 film written and directed by Claude Lelouch.
 Around a Small Mountain (French: 36 vues du pic Saint-Loup) is a 2009 French-language drama film directed by Jacques Rivette and starring Jane Birkin and Sergio Castellitto. It was screened in the main competition at the 66th Venice International Film Festival.
 Moner Manush (Bengali: মনের মানুষ) is a 2010 Bengali feature film based on the life and philosophy of Lalan a noted spiritual leader poet and folk singer of Bengal in the 19th century. Directed by Goutam Ghose the film has Prosenjit as the lead actor portraying the character of Lalan Fakir. Paoli Dam plays the character of Komli the key female disciple of Lalan.Moner Manush has been regarded as one of the best creations of recent times based on the response received by people of Bengal.
 The film Placebo Effect is a 1998 American thriller written by Luciano Saber and directed by Alejandro Seri. It features Francesco Quinn Martin Halacy and Kirsten Berman. It was released in The United States on 31 January 1998 and won Best Film at the New York Independent Film Festival in 1998.
 The Song of the Rivers (German: Das Lied der Ströme) is a 1954 documentary film production by the East Germany's Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA). Dutch filmmaker Joris Ivens was the leading director. The sprawling film celebrates international workers movements along six major rivers: the Volga Mississippi Ganges Nile Amazon and the Yangtze.
 A Piece of Eden is a 2000 film directed by John D. Hancock.
 Kiss the Bride is a romantic comedy film directed by C. Jay Cox which had a limited release in April 2008. It stars Tori Spelling Philipp Karner and James O'Shea.
 The Governess is a 1998 British period drama film written and directed by Sandra Goldbacher. The screenplay focuses on a young Jewish woman of Sephardic background who reinvents herself as a gentile governess when she is forced to find work to support her family.
 The Snake and the Stallion produced by Spirit Level Film documents the legendary rivalry between Texas chicken farmer turned American car producer Carroll Shelby and the Italian automotive entrepreneur Enzo Ferrari.
 The Life of Riley is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Laali Haadu (Kannada: ಲಾಲಿ ಹಾಡು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada romantic musical film directed by H. Vasu and written by Ajay Kumar. The film stars Darshan Abhirami and Ruthika in the lead roles. The film was produced by Sa Ra Govindu under his home production Thanu Pictures. Two music directors V.
 FUBAR 2 (also known as FUBAR: Balls to the Wall or FUBAR: Gods of Blunder) is a 2010 comedy film and the sequel to the 2002 cult film FUBAR. It was released on October 1 2010 in Canada. It made its world premiere by opening the Midnight Madness program at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Ekiben (駅弁) is a 1999 Japanese mock documentary film centering on the adult video (AV) industry which was written and directed by Shungo Kaji. Ekiben refers to a box lunch sold at train stations in Japan and it is also a slang term referring to a sexual position where the man remains standing while supporting the woman who faces him with her legs wrapped around his waist. This position is the specialty of the adult video actor Chocoball Mukai who appears in the film.
 Hemanter Pakhi (Bengali: হেমন্তের পাখিEnglish title: Autumn Bird) (2002) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Urmi Chakraborty.
 Aahuti is a 1978 Hindi family drama film directed by Ashok V. Bhushan. The films stars Rajendra Kumar Shashi Kapoor Rakesh Roshan Parveen Babi Zaheera and Madan Puri.
 Romanoff and Juliet is a 1961 feature film adaptation of the play of the same name released by Universal Pictures. Peter Ustinov wrote the screenplay directed and starred in the film. It co-starred John Gavin as Igor and Sandra Dee as Juliet.Ustinov was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 11th Berlin International Film Festival and the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures.
 Nazrana (Hindi: नज़राना) is a Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna paired opposite two heroines Smita Patil and Sridevi. The film was directed by Ravi Tandon. The music was given by Laxmikant Pyarelal and lyrics are written by Anand Bakshi. In the film credits its mentioned that this film is dedicated to late Smita Patil. This film had collections worth 2.80 crores in Indian box office in 1987. The critics gave the film 3.5 stars.
 Bhabhi Ki Chudiyan is a Hindi film a family drama made in 1961 directed by Sadashiv J. Row Kavi with Meena Kumari and Balraj Sahni in the lead roles.
 A Romance of Seville is a 1929 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Alexander D'Arcy Marguerite Allan and Cecil Barry. It was the first British sound film to be made in colour. It is also known by the alternative title The Romance of Seville.
 Other Angels (Turkish: Teslimiyet) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Emre Yalgın which follows the lives of four transgender sex workers living together in the underbelly of Istanbul. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 17 2010 (2010-12-17) will be shown at the 22nd Ankara International Film Festival (March 17 to 27 2011).
 Rangeelay is a 2013 Punjabi movie directed by Navaniat Singh featuring Jimmy Shergill and Neha Dhupia in the lead roles. The movie is produced by Jimmy Shergill in association with Eros International and it marks Neha Dhupia's debut in Punjabi cinema. The movie was released on May 16 2013. The film opened to average opening in India and poor opening overseas.
 Halli Meshtru is a 1992 Kannada film directed by Mohan-Manju. The film starred Ravichandran and Bindiya in lead roles. It had Balakrishna Toogudeepa Srinivas and Silk Smitha playing supporting roles. The music of the film was composed by Hamsalekha. This movie is a remake of Tamil movie Mundhanai Mudichu.
 Face Value is a 1918 silent film drama starring Mae Murray and directed by Robert Z. Leonard. It was released by Universal Film and produced by their second tier production unit Bluebird. This film survives in a copy at the George Eastman House.
 Prem Ki Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 The Ultimate Video Collection is a compilation of music videos on DVD by the rock band Nickelback. It is the band's second music video compilation DVD and was released on January 29 2008 by Roadrunner Records. It has platinum certification in Canada.
 The Bloody Hands of the Law (Italian: La mano spietata della legge) is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Mario Gariazzo and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Khadeeja is a 1967 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair with music by Baburaj. Evergreen song Surumayezhuthiya Mizhikale — written by Yusuf Ali Kechery and sung by K. J. Yesudas — is from this film. The film stars Sathyan Madhu K. P. Ummer Bahadoor Kottayam Chellappan S. P. Pillai Sheela Jayabharathi Sukumari Sreelatha Namboothiri Manavalan Joseph Kaduvakulam Antony Sebastian Kamaladevi and Baby Kumudam.
 Patham Adhyayam is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by P. K. Radhakrishnan having Bala in the lead role.
 The Million Ryo Pot (丹下左膳余話 百萬両の壺 Tange Sazen Yowa: Hyakuman Ryō no Tsubo) is a 1935 black and white Japanese film comedy directed by Sadao Yamanaka and starring Denjirō Ōkōchi.
 Theresa's Lover (Hangul: 테레사의 연인; RR: Theresaui yeonin) is 1991 South Korean film by Park Chul-soo. Based on a book by Kim Byung-wook a former music producer meets his second wife Thesesa in United States.
 King of the Turf is a 1939 film drama starring Adolphe Menjou.
 My Lai is a documentary film created by PBS; it aired as an episode of American Experience. The documentary details the 1968 My Lai Massacre and its background. Topics of the video include the men of Charlie Company and the cover-up of the event. Hugh Thompson Jr.
 Neverwas is a 2005 English film written and directed by Joshua Michael Stern in his directorial debut. It stars Ian McKellen Aaron Eckhart Brittany Murphy and Nick Nolte.It was first shown at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival. However the movie was never given a full theatrical release eventually being released straight to DVD in 2007.
 Woodcutters of the Deep South is the sixth and final feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. He made one more short film Arab Israeli Dialogue released in 1974 but for the next 25 years he struggled to find support for a number of unrealized projects.
 True Women is a 1997 CBS miniseries based on the 1993 novel by Janice Woods Windle directed by Karen Arthur starring Dana Delany Annabeth Gish Angelina Jolie Julie Carmen Tina Majorino and Rachael Leigh Cook. The series covers five decades from the Texas Revolution through Indian uprisings and the Civil War to the early stages of the women's suffrage movement.
 Scream of the Banshee is a 2011 monster movie directed by Steven C. Miller and released as part of the After Dark Originals series. The film is co-produced by Syfy. Filming began in November 2009 in Louisiana. The film premiered March 26 2011 on Syfy to a reported 1.54 million viewers.[citation needed]
 The Witches of Eastwick is a 1987 American comedy-fantasy film based on John Updike's novel of the same name. Directed by George Miller the film stars Jack Nicholson as Daryl Van Horne alongside Cher Michelle Pfeiffer and Susan Sarandon as the eponymous witches.
 Fresh is a 1994 crime film written and directed by Boaz Yakin in his film directorial debut and produced by Lawrence Bender (seen in a cameo appearance) who was riding the wave of success of Reservoir Dogs. It was scored by Stewart Copeland a member of The Police.Marketed as a hip hop 'hood film Fresh went relatively unnoticed by the public but won critical acclaim.
 Evidence is a 1929 sound horror/mystery film produced and distributed by the Warner Brothers. It is based on the 1914 Broadway play Evidence by J. duRocher MacPherson and L. duRocher MacPherson. This early talkie was directed by John G. Adolfi and starred Pauline Frederick and Lowell Sherman. While this film is lost its soundtrack recorded by the Vitaphone process survives.
 Disarm is a documentary film which spans a dozen countries to look at how despite a global ban millions of antipersonnel landmines continue to claim victims daily in more than eighty countries. Defined as a conventional weapon landmines inflict destruction upon civilian populations for decades after the initial conflict has ended.
 Ruthless People is a 1986 black comedy film written by Dale Launer directed by David Zucker Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker and starring Danny DeVito Bette Midler Judge Reinhold Anita Morris and Helen Slater with Bill Pullman in a supporting role in his film debut.It is the story of a couple who kidnap their ex-boss's wife to get revenge and extort money from him. They soon realize he does not want her back and was planning to kill her himself.
 Hats Off (1936) is an American film directed by Boris Petroff and originally released by Grand National Pictures. The film is now in the public domain.
 Gone Dark also known as The Limit is a 2003 film directed and produced by Lewin Webb and written by Matt Holland.
 Casanovva (theatrical release name: Confident Casanovva) is a 2012 romantic action thriller Malayalam film directed by Rosshan Andrrews. The film stars Mohanlal and Shriya Saran in the lead with Lakshmi Rai Sanjana Roma Jagathy Sreekumar Lalu Alex Riyaz Khan Nova Krishan and Shankar forms an ensemble cast along with five debutantes Abhishek Shamsi Arjun Vikram and Midlaj.
 Dark Blue World (Czech: Tmavomodrý svět) is a 2001 film by Czech director Jan Svěrák about Czech pilots who fought for the British Royal Air Force during World War II. The screenplay was written by Zdeněk Svěrák the father of the director.The film stars Ondřej Vetchý as František (Franta) Sláma Kryštof Hádek as Karel Vojtíšek and Tara FitzGerald as Susan. There is also an appearance from Charles Dance and Anna Massey.
 Resurrected is a 1989 drama film starring David Thewlis based on the story of the British soldier Philip Williams who is presumed dead and left behind in the Falklands but is accused of desertion when he reappears seven weeks after the Falklands War ends. The film was written by Martin Allen and directed by Paul Greengrass. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Idi Pellantara is a 1982 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 China Doll (a.k.a Time Is a Memory) is a 1958 romantic drama film set in the China Burma India Theater of World War II and starring Victor Mature and Li Hua Li. It represented a return to films for director Frank Borzage who had taken a 10-year hiatus before tackling this poignant yet offbeat film.
 Devět kruhů pekla (Nine Circles of Hell) is a 1989 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Milan Muchna. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.The film describes the Khmer Rouge period in Cambodia. Tomáš is a Czech doctor working in Phnom Penh and Khema is famous Khmer actress.
 Zigeunerweisen (ツィゴイネルワイゼン Tsigoineruwaizen from the German Gypsy Airs) is a 1980 independent Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and based on Hyakken Uchida's novel Disk of Sarasate. It takes its title from a gramophone recording of Pablo de Sarasate's violin composition Zigeunerweisen which features prominently in the story.
 Call Of The Cuckoo (1927) is a Hal Roach two reel silent film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film's principal star is Jewish comedian Max Davidson though the film is just as well known for cameos from other Roach stars at the time. These cameos include renowned bit player Jimmy Finlayson (the inspiration for Homer Simpson's Doh! catchphrase) the oft underrated/ignored Charley Chase and a pre-teaming Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy.
 The Baby of Mâcon is a 1993 film written and directed by Peter Greenaway starring Ralph Fiennes Julia Ormond and Philip Stone.
 Grabben i graven bredvid is a 2002 Swedish film directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 The Kreutzer Sonata (Russian: Крейцерова соната) is a 1987 Soviet film directed by Mikhail Shveytser based on Leo Tolstoy's novella The Kreutzer Sonata.
 Mourning Becomes Electra is a 1947 American film by Dudley Nichols adapted from the 1931 Eugene O'Neill play of the same title. The film stars Rosalind Russell Michael Redgrave Raymond Massey Katina Paxinou Leo Genn and Kirk Douglas. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Michael Redgrave) and Best Actress in a Leading Role (Rosalind Russell).
 El Escándalo (The Scandal) is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Kill a Dragon (filmed under the working title of To Kill a Dragon) is a 1967 adventure film pitting Jack Palance against Fernando Lamas: Palance is an adventurer and Lamas is a ruthless dictator/warlord. Filmed on location in Hong Kong and Macau it was produced by Aubrey Schenck and released through United Artists. In the United States the film was double billed with Navajo Joe.
 Isle of Sunken Gold is a 1927 American adventure film serial directed by Harry S. Webb. The film was long considered to be lost however chapters 4 5 and 6 and reel 1 of chapter 7 were recently discovered in a European archive and retranslated back into English.
 Ondu Muttina Kathe (Kannada: ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತಿನ ಕಥೆ) Story of a Pearl) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film directed by Shankar Nag starring the Rajkumar in the lead role. It is loosely based on John Steinbeck's book The Pearl. It was the first Indian film to be shot underwater. It is notable for the underwater fighting scene between Rajkumar and an octopus.
 Catharisis is a made for TV Japanese film made in 2003 based on a true story starring Rikiya Otaka and directed by Katsumi Sakaguchi.
 Hyderabadi Nawabs is a 2006 Indian comedy in Hyderabadi Urdu/Telugu that revolves around four groups of people. It is a pure comedy with Hyderabadi touch which happens in every city village.
 Elizabethan Express is a 1954 British Transport Film that follows The Elizabethan a non-stop British Railways service from London to Edinburgh along the East Coast Main Line. Although originally intended as an advertising short it now acts as a nostalgic record of the halcyon years of steam on British Railways and the ex-LNER Class A4.It was directed by Tony Thompson with a tongue-in-cheek poetic commentary written by Paul Le Saux.
 The Chain Reaction (also known as Chain Reaction) is a 1980 Australian independent action/disaster/thriller film directed and written by Ian Barry. The film stars Steve Bisley also starring in the film Mad Max (1979) and Arna-Maria Winchester. The film's plot is about an engineer badly injured in an accident caused by an earthquake.
 En Thangai Kalyani is a Tamil film released in 1990 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. Rajender himself appeared in the title role with Sudha whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's real life children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released on 5 February 1990 and was a blockbuster.
 Quasimodo d'El Paris is a 1999 French film that is a comedic adaptation of the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame (Notre-Dame de Paris) by Victor Hugo.
 Beyond the Poseidon Adventure is a 1979 American disaster film a sequel to the 1972 film The Poseidon Adventure. It was directed by Irwin Allen and starred Michael Caine and Sally Field. The film was a critical and commercial failure and was the only Allen disaster film not to receive any Academy Award nominations.
 Love and Bullets is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Merrill's Marauders is a 1962 Cinemascope war film directed and co-written by Samuel Fuller based on the exploits of the long range penetration jungle warfare unit of the same name in the Burma Campaign. The source is the non-fiction book The Marauders written by Charlton Ogburn Jr. a communications officer who served with Merrill's Marauders.
 The Foundling is a 1916 silent film directed by John B. O'Brien. The film is a remake of a 1915 version and serves as its replacement as the 1915 Allan Dwan directed version was destroyed in the nitrate fire at Famous Players September 11 1915.
 L'imprevisto (internationally released as The Mishap) is a 1960 Italian crime-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It was coproduced by France where it was released with the title L'Imprévu.
 Kiss the Bride is a 2002 film about an Italian family directed by Vanessa Parise.
 Ishq Ishq Ishq is 1974 Indian Hindi film produced directed by and starring Dev Anand along with Zeenat Aman Kabir Bedi and Shabana Azmi.
 Glass: A Portrait of Philip in Twelve Parts (other titles include International title Glass Hungarian title Glass - Philip portréja 12 felvonásban) is a 2008 documentary on the life of American composer Philip Glass directed by Scott Hicks. The film was nominated for Emmy Awards and AFI Award
 Star mit fremden Federn is an East German film. It was released in 1955.
 Second Time Around (traditional Chinese: 無限復活; simplified Chinese: 无限复活; pinyin: Wu xian fu huo; Cantonese Yale: Mou han fou wut) is a 2002 Hong Kong film starring Ekin Cheng Cecilia Cheung and Jonathan Ke Quan.
 Night Fright is a 1968 American science-fiction horror film directed by James A. Sullivan.In the early 1980s the film was re-titled in the United Kingdom for VHS release as E.T.N.: The Extraterrestrial Nastie E.T.N.: The Extraterrestrial Nasty The Extraterrestrial Nastie and The Extraterrestrial Nasty .
 The Motel (2006) is the debut feature from director Michael Kang. The film won the Humanitas Prize in the Sundance Film Festival category and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature.It is based on the novel Waylaid by Ed Lin.
 Professor Mamlock (Russian: Профессор Мамлок) is a 1938 Soviet drama film directed by Herbert Rappaport and Adolf Minkin. It is one of the earliest film directly dealing with the persecution of Jews in Nazi Germany.
 One Man Up (Italian: L'uomo in più) is a 2001 Italian comedy-drama film. It entered the Cinema del presente section at the 58th Venice International Film Festival. It marked the directorial debut of Paolo Sorrentino who was awarded Nastro d'Argento for Best New Director. The film also won the Ciak d'oro for the script and the Grolla d'oro to actor Toni Servillo.
 Rajapattai (Tamil: ராஜபாட்டை; English: King's path) is a 2011 Tamil action-masala film directed by Suseenthiran based on a story by Seenu Vasan. Featuring Vikram and Deeksha Seth in the lead roles and music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja the film is produced by Prasad V. Potluri's newly launched PVP Cinema on a budget of 400 million. The story revolves around the issue of land grabbing and how the protagonist becomes involved in it.
 Just a Kiss (2002) is a dark comedy and was the first feature film directed by actor-turned-filmmaker Fisher Stevens. Fisher also is credited with playing the harmonica (credited as Fisher 'Super Harp' Stevens). Patrick Breen wrote the screenplay adapted from his own off-Broadway play and starred in the film. It was filmed in New York N.Y.
 Manfish is an adventure film released by United Artists in 1956 and originally filmed in DeLuxe Color. Filmed in Jamaica it was released in Great Britain as Calypso. It was based on the stories The Gold-Bug and The Tell-Tale Heart by Edgar Allan Poe. Actor John Bromfield starred as Captain Brannigan and Lon Chaney Jr. played the role of Swede. The leading female star was Tessa Prendergast who played Alita.
 Elena is a Brazilian film directed by Petra Costa and produced by Busca Vida Filmes. It is based on the life of the actress Elena Andrade Petra Costa's older sister.
 Why I Wore Lipstick To My Mastectomy (known as Lipstick in some countries) is a 2006 television film that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Sarah Chalke. It is based on the memoir of the same name written by Geralyn Lucas. The book and the TV movie depict Geralyn Lucas's fight with breast cancer.
 Raman (English: Travelogue of Invasion) is a 2008 Malayalam film written and directed by Dr. Biju. A controversial and much debated-over socio-political film it shows two variants of invasion by imperialist forces—of Iraq and Kerala. The film was an official selection for eight international film festivals including the prestigious Cairo International Film Festival.According to the director the film shows how economic cultural and military invasion by the U.S.
 Poovinnu Puthiya Poonthennal is a 1986 Malayalam film by Fazil starring Mammootty Nadiya Moidu and Baby Sujitha. It was later remade in Tamil as Poovizhi Vasalile in Telugu as Pasivadi Pranam and in Hindi as Hatya. The three remakes each had a different ending.
 Beck – Kartellen is a 2002 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Kjell Sundvall.
 Gnana Oli is a 1972 Tamil movie starring Sivaji Ganesan in the lead role.
 Bersaglio mobile (internationally released as Death on the Run and Moving Target) is a 1967 Italian spy film directed by Sergio Corbucci. It was filmed in Athens. it was referred as a film directed with whip-along style and dubious sense of humour.
 Images of Liberation (Danish: Befrielsesbilleder) is a 1982 Danish drama film directed by Lars von Trier. The story is set in Copenhagen during World War II and follows a German officer who visits his Danish mistress the days after the occupation of Denmark has ended. The film was Trier's graduation film from the National Film School of Denmark. It became the first ever Danish school film to receive regular theatrical distribution.
 I Own the Racecourse is a 1985 Australian children's film.
 Black Feathers (Italian: Penne nere) is a 1952 Italian war film directed by Oreste Biancoli.
 Top Hat is a 1935 screwball musical comedy film in which Fred Astaire plays an American dancer named Jerry Travers who comes to London to star in a show produced by Horace Hardwick (Edward Everett Horton). He meets and attempts to impress Dale Tremont (Ginger Rogers) to win her affection.
 Phone Booth is a 2003 American psychological thriller film about a man who is held hostage in a telephone booth by a sniper. It stars Colin Farrell Forest Whitaker Katie Holmes Radha Mitchell and Kiefer Sutherland. The film was directed by Joel Schumacher with music composed by Harry Gregson-Williams.
 the little Death (sometimes listed as The Little Death) is a 2006 American micro-budget mystery-thriller directed by Morgan Nichols. It stars Chris Butler Laura Lee Bahr Oded Gross G. Maximilian Zarou and tells the story of a man who attempts to find a mysterious box hidden by his father in an L.A. apartment. Atlanta Film Festival director Jake Jacobson called the little Death a beautiful mystery-thriller done on a shoestring.
 El bosque animado (English: The enchanted forest) is a 1987 Spanish film directed by José Luis Cuerda based on the eponymous novel written by Wenceslao Fernández Flórez with a script by Rafael Azcona. The film has a large ensambled cast headed by Alfredo Landa. It was a critical success winning five Goya Awards including Best Film Best Director and Best Actor.
 In Diplomatic Circles is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Case Against 8 is an American documentary film which premiered at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014. Directed and produced by Ben Cotner and Ryan White the film documents the legal battle to overturn California's Proposition 8 focusing in particular on behind-the-scenes footage of David Boies and Theodore Olson during the Perry v. Schwarzenegger case.Cotner and White won the Directing Award: U.S. Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Breakdown is a 1997 American thriller film written and directed by Jonathan Mostow. The film stars Kurt Russell J. T. Walsh (in one of his final film roles) and Kathleen Quinlan. The original music score was composed by Basil Poledouris. The film was produced by Dino De Laurentiis Company and Spelling Films and released on May 2 1997 by Paramount Pictures.
 10:10 (Bengali: দশটা দশ) is a 2008 Bengali comedy film directed by Arin Paul. It features Soumitra Chatterjee Kanchan Mullick Claudia Ciesla Subrata Dutta Aparajita Ghosh Das and Abir Chatterjee.
 Curtain at Eight is a 1933 American film directed by E. Mason Hopper.
 Crossworlds is a 1996 science fiction film starring Rutger Hauer Josh Charles Andrea Roth Stuart Wilson and Jack Black and directed by Krishna Rao. Special effects are by Digital Drama. The film was shot in Los Angeles Lone Pine and El Mirage Dry Lake California USA.
 Our Feature Presentation is a 2008 independent comedy film directed by Gardner Loulan and written by Gardner Loulan and Joseph Brady.
 Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl is a 1954 Action-adventure film about a woman who disguises herself as a slave girl in order to try to gain information from Captain Kidd about his hidden treasure. The film was directed by Lew Landers and stars Anthony Dexter Eva Gabor and Alan Hale Jr..
 Mystery Street is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by John Sturges with cinematography by cinematographer John Alton. The film features Ricardo Montalban Bruce Bennett and Elsa Lanchester.The MGM film was shot on location in Boston and Cape Cod; according to one Boston-based film critic it was the first time Hollywood used Boston as a location. Also featured are Harvard Medical School in Roxbury Massachusetts and Harvard University in nearby Cambridge.
 True to the Navy is a 1930 Romantic comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle for Paramount Pictures. The film stars Clara Bow as a counter girl at a San Diego drugstore with a predilection for sailors. Eventually she sets her sights on Bull's Eye McCoy (Fredric March) a stiff-necked gunners mate.
 Ureme 1 (Thunder Hawk from Beyond) (in Korean: 외계에서 온 우뢰매) was the first in a series of Korean children's science-fiction films directed by Kim Cheong-gi and starring Shim Hyung-rae.
 Postmortem (released as Obit in the United Kingdom) is a 1998 film directed byAlbert Pyun and starring Charlie Sheen (credited as Charles Sheen).
 I'm in Love with a Church Girl is a 2013 Christian drama film directed by Steve Race. It stars Jeff 'Ja Rule' Atkins Adrienne Bailon Stephen Baldwin Vincent Pastore Toby Mac T-Bone and Michael Madsen. The film was released in theaters on October 18 2013.
 The Long Duel is a 1967 British adventure film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Yul Brynner Trevor Howard Charlotte Rampling and Harry Andrews. It is set in British-ruled India of the 1920s but filmed in Spain.
 These Three is a 1936 American drama film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by Lillian Hellman is based on her 1934 play The Children's Hour.A 1961 remake of the film directed by Wyler was released as The Children's Hour in the US and The Loudest Whisper in the UK.
 Nenjil Or Aalayam (English: A temple in the heart) is a 1962 Indian Tamil tragedy-drama film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film stars R. Muthuraman Kalyan Kumar and Devika in the lead roles.
 The Sky Through the Trees (Serbian: Kroz granje nebo) is a 1958 Yugoslav war film directed by Stole Janković. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Ballad of Esequiel Hernández is a 2007 American documentary film that investigates the murky killing of Esequiel Hernández Jr by US Marines. It is written and directed by Kieran Fitzgerald and narrated by Tommy Lee Jones.
 The Famous Woman (German:Die berühmte Frau) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Lili Damita Fred Solm and Warwick Ward. It was based on the play Die Tänzerin by Melchior Lengyel who also wrote the film's screenplay. While performing in Barcelona a dancer falls in love with a Spanish aristocrat. He proposes marriage to her providing she give up her profession. She agrees and the wedding preparations begin.
 Feeling from Mountain and Water (Chinese: 山水情; Pinyin: shān shuǐ qíng) is a Chinese animated short film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio under the master animator Te Wei. It is also referred to as Love of Mountain and River and Feelings of Mountains and Waters.
 Captain Kidd (1945) is a film starring Charles Laughton Randolph Scott Barbara Britton and John Carradine directed by Rowland V. Lee produced by Benedict Bogeaus and James Nasser music conducted by Werner Janssen and released by United Artists. The film has entered the public domain since the producers neglected to renew the copyright in 1972. The film was featured in an episode of Cinema Insomnia.
 Bodysurfer is a 1989 Australian mini series about a Sydney architect having a mid life crisis.
 Happy New Year is a 1987 film starring Peter Falk directed by John G. Avildsen. The screenplay was written by Warren Lane based on the French film La bonne année. The director of the French film Claude Lelouch has a cameo as a man on a train.Although the film had extremely limited success in the theaters it became something of a cult film. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988 for best makeup losing to Harry and the Hendersons.
 Hotel is a 2004 Austrian drama film directed by Jessica Hausner. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ben Hall and his Gang is a 1911 film about the bushranger Ben Hall played by John Gavin who also directed. It is considered a lost film.
 Rondo is a 1966 Yugoslavian film by Croatian director Zvonimir Berković. It was filmed in Zagreb Croatia (then a part of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia).
 Paadha Mudra is a 1988 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by R. Sukumaran starring Mohanlal Seema and Nedumudi Venu in lead roles.
 Perdues dans New York (English: Lost in New York) is a 1989 made for television film directed by Jean Rollin which is one of his most personal films and has a runtime of just 52 minutes.
 La Notte (English: The Night) is a 1961 Italian drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Marcello Mastroianni Jeanne Moreau and Monica Vitti. Filmed on location in Milan the film is about a day in the life of an unfaithful married couple and their deteriorating relationship. In 1961 La Notte received the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival as well as the David di Donatello Award for Best Director.
 Trent's Last Case (1929) is an American detective film directed by Howard Hawks starring Raymond Griffith Marceline Day Raymond Hatton and Donald Crisp and released by Fox Film Corporation. The film was released in a silent version and a sound version with the sound version having talking sequences a synchronized music score and sound effects.The film is based on the novel Trent's Last Case by British writer E. C. Bentley.
 The Mighty Macs is a 2009 American film by director Tim Chambers. It stars Carla Gugino in the lead role of Cathy Rush a Hall of Fame women's basketball coach. The film premiered in the 2009 Heartland Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on October 21 2011 through indie film label Freestyle Releasing.
 Yodha is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Rawail. It stars Sunny Deol Sanjay Dutt and Sangeeta Bijlani.
 Andy Hardy's Private Secretary is a 1941 American family film comedy directed by George B. Seitz. The film stars Lewis Stone Mickey Rooney Kathryn Grayson Ann Rutherford and Fay Holden.
 Idhu Namma Aalu (English: He is our man) is a 1988 Tamil family comedy film written by K. Bhagyaraj. He was a part of Direction Supervision for this movie unlike his other films.It was remade in Kannada as Ravi Shasthri with V. Ravichandran and in Telugu as Adhirindhi Alludu with Mohan Babu.
 Guns of Diablo is a Metrocolor 1965 Western directed by Boris Sagal starring Charles Bronson Susan Oliver and Kurt Russell.
 L'Étrange Désir de monsieur Bard English: The Strange Desire of Mr. Bard is a French drama film from 1954 directed by Géza von Radványi written by Géza von Radványi starring Michel Simon and Louis de Funès.
 Pummarò is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Michele Placido. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Harischandraa is a 1999 Telugu Romance film directed by Thulasi kumar. The film starred J. D. Chakravarthy and Raasi in lead roles. It was remake of Tamil film which has same titled Harichandra which starred Karthik Muthuraman and Meena Durairaj in the lead roles.
 Room on the Broom is a 2012 British animated film based on the picture book written by Julia Donaldson and illustrated by Axel Scheffler. The film is a 2014 Academy Awards nominee in the category of Best Short Animated Film.
 Speedy Delivery (2008) is a documentary feature directed and produced by Paul B. Germain. [1] The film follows the life story of David Newell better known as Mr. McFeely from the children's television show Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. [2]Shot in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Speedy Delivery is a character study of Newell examining his mission to help save The Neighborhood following the passing of his close friend Fred Rogers.
 Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel (stylised as FAQ About Time Travel) is a 2009 comic science fiction film directed by Gareth Carrivick from a script by Jamie Mathieson starring Anna Faris Chris O'Dowd Marc Wootton and Dean Lennox Kelly.The film follows two social outcasts and their cynical friend as they attempt to navigate a time travel conundrum in the middle of a British pub.
 Second Childhood is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 144th Our Gang short that was released.
 Cymbeline is an upcoming drama film based on the play of the same name written by William Shakespeare. The director is Michael Almereyda and the film will star Dakota Johnson Milla Jovovich and Ethan Hawke.
 Harry's War is an Australian short film. It is written and directed by Richard Frankland and stars David Ngoombujarra. It was broadcast nationally on SBS and ABC TV.Harry's War is based on Frankland's Uncle Harry Saunders (brother of Reg Saunders) who fought for Australia in the South Pacific in World War Two. Saunders fought for his country in the hope that his actions would help Aboriginal people gain citizenship.
 The Arabic Numeral Series sometimes referred to as the Arabics is a series of 19 short 16mm films completed by the American experimental filmmaker Stan Brakhage in 1981 and 1982. The Arabic Numeral Series gets its name from the fact that none of the films included in it have titles instead opening with an arabic numeral. Brakhage produced another cycle the Roman Numeral Series whose films all have Roman numerals instead of titles around the same time.
 The Beast of Borneo is a 1934 American film directed by Harry Garson.
 Troublesome Night 6 is a 1999 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau. It is the sixth of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Balukabela.com is an upcoming Bengali language film directed by Partha Sen. The film was world-premiered in London in May 2012.
 Thundercrack! (1975) is a pornographic black comedy film combining an old dark house mystery with hardcore sex scenes. The film was directed by Curt McDowell and co-written by McDowell Mark Ellinger and George Kuchar.
 The Greatest Question is a 1919 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Kadhal Enum Nadhiyinile is a Tamil movie released in the year 1989 starring Shankar along with Seetha and Pandiyan. A Triangular love story between the lead pair.
 Triple Bogey on a Par Five Hole is a 1991 independent criminal comedy film directed by Amos Poe about a couple who rob golfers. It stars Eric Mitchell Daisy Hall Alba Clemente and Jesse McBride. The film notably marked the film debut of Philip Seymour Hoffman who had a minor role in the film. Film Review considered the film to be starkly original and remarked that nobody in the film was innocent.
 Assunta Spina is a 1930 Italian film directed by Roberto Roberti.
 A porte chiuse (internationally released as Behind Closed Doors) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
 Cash Truck (French: Le Convoyeur) is a 2004 French drama film directed by Nicolas Boukhrief.
 Ninnishtam Ennishtam is a 1986 Malayalam romance film starring Mohanlal and Priya in the lead roles. The film was written by Priyadarshan and directed by Alleppey Ashraf. It is the remake of Charlie Chaplin's City Lights.
 The Greene Murder Case is a 1929 talking film produced and released by Paramount Pictures and based on the novel The Greene Murder Case by S.S. Van Dine(aka Willard Huntington Wright). The novel had been published a year before this film was made. It stars William Powell in his first Philo Vance outing. Florence Eldridge and Jean Arthur costar.In 1937 the film was remade as Night of Mystery.
 2 Days in Paris is a 2007 Franco-German romantic comedy-drama film written produced and directed by Julie Delpy who also edited the film composed the soundtrack and played the leading female role.
 The Third Miracle is a 1999 drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland starring Ed Harris and Anne Heche. The film was shot in Hamilton Ontario Canada.
 Carrie is a 1952 feature film based on the novel Sister Carrie by Theodore Dreiser.Directed by William Wyler the film stars Jennifer Jones in the title role and Laurence Olivier as Hurstwood. Carrie received two Academy Award nominations: Costume Design (Edith Head) and Best Art Direction (Hal Pereira Roland Anderson Emile Kuri). Additionally Laurence Olivier received a BAFTA nomination for his performance. It was screened as part of the 13th Venice Film Festival official program.
 The Bear is a 1984 biopic starring Gary Busey and Jon-Erik Hexum. The film was written by Michael Kane directed by Richard C. Sarafian and produced by James A. Hearn and Larry G. Spangler.
 El Gran amor de Bécquer is a 1946 Argentine film.
 Hellbound is a 1994 supernatural thriller film starring Chuck Norris Calvin Levels and Christopher Neame. It was directed by Aaron Norris and written by Ian Rabin Anthony Ridio and Brent Friedman.
 Austin Powers in Goldmember is a 2002 American spy comedy film. It is the third and so far final installment of the Austin Powers film series starring Mike Myers in the title role. The movie was directed by Jay Roach and co-written by Mike Myers and Michael McCullers. Myers also plays the roles of Dr. Evil Goldmember and Fat Bastard. The movie co-stars Beyoncé Knowles Robert Wagner Seth Green Michael York Verne Troyer Michael Caine Mindy Sterling and Fred Savage.
 Town on Trial is a 1957 British mystery film directed by John Guillermin and starring John Mills Charles Coburn Barbara Bates and Derek Farr. A whole town comes under suspicion when a series of grisly murders are carried out—particularly members of the local tennis club.
 Raithu Bidda (Telugu: రైతు బిడ్డ) is a 1939 Telugu social problem film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.It is a social reformist film during the period of British India at the time of battle against Zamindari system. The film was banned by the British Administration in the region. Ironically it was produced by one of the Zamindars of the time Challapalli Maharaja. The film had a public re-release in 1948.
 Shake Hands with the Devil: The Journey of Roméo Dallaire is a 2004 documentary film about the 1994 genocide in Rwanda. It was directed by Peter Raymont and inspired by the book Shake Hands with the Devil: The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda (2003) by now-retired Canadian Lieutenant-General Roméo Dallaire. It was co-produced by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation the Société Radio-Canada White Pine Pictures and DOC: The Documentary Channel.
 One Bright Shining Moment: The Forgotten Summer of George McGovern (2005) is a documentary film directed by Stephen Vittoria.
 The First Kiss is a 1928 American silent romantic-drama film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Fay Wray and Gary Cooper. Based on the short story Four Brothers by Tristram Tupper the film is about a Chesapeake Bay fisherman who turns to pirating in order to be rich enough to marry a society girl. The First Kiss was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. Today it is considered a lost film. Some filming took place on the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland.
 La Florida is a Quebec comedy film released in 1993. The film was directed by George Mihalka and written by Suzette Couture and Pierre Sarrazin.
 Mônica e Cebolinha – No Mundo de Romeu e Julieta (Portuguese for Monica and Jimmy Five: In the World of Romeo & Juliet) is a film adaptation of Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare starring Monica's Gang. It was originally staged at theater in 1978 with a comic and LP adaptation out in the same year. In 1979 the feature film adaptation of the play was released filmed in Ouro Preto as a special for the Children's Day on Rede Bandeirantes.
 Lost Sex (本能 Honno) is a 1966 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 The Magic Hour (ザ・マジックアワー) is a 2008 Japanese film written and directed by Kōki Mitani.According to photography experts the golden hour sometimes called the 'magic hour' is roughly the first hour of light after sunrise and the last hour of light before sunset although the exact duration varies between seasons.
 The Stuntmen is a one hour documentary for Australian TV written and directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith.It was through this movie that Trenchard-Smith met Grant Page who he put under a five-year contract and featured in a number of movies. The film also acted as a calling card which enabled the director to get finance for The Man from Hong Kong (1975).
 Betrayal is a 1932 British crime film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Stewart Rome Marjorie Hume and Leslie Perrins. A woman attempts to save her husband from being hanged for a crime he didn't commit. It is based on a play No Crime of Passion by Hubert G. Griffith.
 The Replacements is a 2000 American sports comedy film directed by Howard Deutch. It stars Keanu Reeves Gene Hackman and Brooke Langton.
 Donovan's Echo is a 2011 supernatural suspense film directed by Jim Cliffe and co-written by Jim Cliffe and Melodie Krieger starring Danny Glover and Bruce Greenwood.
 Manippoor Maamiyaar is a 1979 Tamil-language Indian feature film starring J.Jayalalithaa Srividya and Vijayakumar
 Swindle is a 2002 crime thriller film written and directed by K.C. Bascombe and starring Tom Sizemore Sherilyn Fenn and Dave Foley.
 Honor Bound is a 1988 film directed by Jeannot Szwarc.
 Zebraman (ゼブラーマン Zeburāman) is a 2004 film directed by Takashi Miike. The film's name references the main character a superhero named Zebraman. A sequel Zebraman 2: Attack on Zebra City was released in 2010 featuring the addition of Masahiro Inoue of Kamen Rider Decade to the cast.
 The Grand Passion is a 1918 silent Western film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 Aulaad a Pakistani Urdu black & white film was a classic melodious film of 1962. The film was released on 3 August or 10 August 1962 by F. & Y. Movies. The film was produced by F.M. Sardar and S.M. Yousuf and also directed by S.M. Yousuf. Casting included Habib Nayyar Sultana Waheed Murad Rukhsana Talish and Rehana. Aulaad was the first film of Waheed Murad's career as an actor. Waheed played a secondary role in the film. Habib and Nayyar Sultana played lead roles.
 Just My Luck is a 1957 British sports comedy film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Norman Wisdom as a worker in a jewellery shop.
 Fantaghirò 3 (also known as The Cave of the Golden Rose 3) is the third film from the Fantaghirò series. It is directed by Lamberto Bava and stars Alessandra Martines as the title character. It originally aired on television in 1993 as a two-parter and hence is alternately titled as a double-set of Fantaghirò 5 and Fantaghirò 6 in certain releases. Kim Rossi Stuart who played the hero in the previous two films returned in this film but his role was much reduced.
 Amongst Friends is a 1993 film written and directed by Rob Weiss.
 One Brief Summer is a 1970 British drama film directed by John Mackenzie. It stars Felicity Gibson and Clifford Evans. It was made at Twickenham Studios.
 Le Maître de pension is a 1973 French film directed by Marcel Moussy.
 The Man with a Cloak (1951) is a drama film directed by Fletcher Markle and starring Joseph Cotten Barbara Stanwyck Louis Calhern and Leslie Caron and based on The Gentleman from Paris a short story by John Dickson Carr.
 Merveilleuse Angélique is a 1965 French film.
 Akamas is a 2006 Cypriot feature film directed by Panicos Chrysanthou about a love affair between a Turkish Cypriot and Greek Cypriot despite their families' opposition and the inter-communal violence of 1960s.
 Imagine: John Lennon is a 1988 documentary film about English musician John Lennon.Imagine: John Lennon with its wealth of stock Lennon footage and self-narration proved to be a well-received film. Bridging his two musical phases together as a member of The Beatles and as a solo artist Imagine: John Lennon is a career-spanning collection of Lennon's many musical highlights.
 Mr. Freedom is a 1969 film by the expatriate American photographer and filmmaker William Klein. Starring the popular French actor Delphine Seyrig this anti-imperialist satirical farce has cameos by the well-known actors Donald Pleasence and Philippe Noiret as well as the musician Serge Gainsbourg.
 Trois: The Escort (also known as Trois 3: The Escort) is a 2004 erotic thriller directed by Skav One and starring Brian White Patrice Fisher and Reagan Gomez-Preston. The film was released direct-to-DVD by Columbia TriStar Home Video on December 28 2004. It is the sequel to 2002's Trois 2: Pandora's Box and the third movie in the Trois film series.
 Endings is the second feature film written and directed by Chris Hansen a professor of film and digital media at Baylor University and the director of the film program. It was shot in Waco Texas in June 2008 using Baylor film students as a large part of the crew. Postproduction occurred until April 2010. It had its world premiere at the Seattle's True Independent Film Festival in June 2010.
 Fall Out Fall In is a Walt Disney cartoon starring Donald Duck. It was released on April 23 1943 by RKO Radio Pictures. The film's title is a reference to a military command meaning to create an organized formation of soldiers at regular intervals. Fall Out is the command given to dissolve the group.
 Young and Innocent (American title: The Girl Was Young) is a 1937 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Nova Pilbeam and Derrick De Marney. Based on the 1936 novel A Shilling for Candles by Josephine Tey the film is about a young man on the run from a murder charge who enlists the help of a woman who must put herself at risk for his cause.
 I Stole a Million (1939) is a crime drama film starring George Raft as a cab driver and small-time crook who makes a big score and lives to regret it. The supporting cast includes Claire Trevor Dick Foran and Victor Jory. The movie was written by Nathanael West from Lester Cole's story directed by Frank Tuttle and released by Universal Pictures.
 And God Said to Cain (Italian: E Dio disse a Caino German: Satan der Rache) is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Chaochow Guy is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film of the Martial Arts genre. It is directed by Gam Sing-Yan and stars Tien Peng Nancy Yen Nan-See Wang Kuan Hsiung aka Wong Goon-Hung Wong Fei-Lung Lee Keung Poon Chuen-Ling Blacky Ko Sau-Leung Chan San-Yat Ko Jan-Pang and Wong Hoi. This was also Wang Kuan Hsiung's first film.
 The Love War (1970) is a science fiction ABC Movie of the Week starring Lloyd Bridges as an alien warrior and Angie Dickinson as the woman he befriends.
 Villa for Sale (Hungarian: Ez a villa eladó) is a 1935 Hungarian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Ernö Verebes Ida Turay and Gyula Kabos. After he goes away on holiday a wealthy man's servant accidentally puts his villa up for sale.
 Arsenal (Russian: Арсенал also alternative title January Uprising in Kiev in 1918) is a Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko. The film was made in 1928 and released early in 1929.
 Glass Lips is a feature film with almost no words directed by Lech Majewski.The film began life as an installation of interrelated short films entitled Blood of a Poet (alluding to Jean Cocteau’s surreal film The Blood of a Poet). The installation had its world premiere at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City on May 3 2006 curated by Laurence Kardish.
 Munchie Strikes Back is a 1992 comedy feature film directed by Jim Wynorski and written by Wynorski and R.J. Robertson as a sequel to Munchie with Howard Hesseman providing Munchie's voice.
 Welcome to Australia is a 1999 Carlton Television documentary written and presented by John Pilger which was directed and produced by Alan Lowery and charts the history of injustice endured by indigenous Australians in the context of the build-up to the Sydney 2000 Summer Olympic Games. Whatever one may think of Pilger's style stated Richard Ackland of ABC's Media Watch his film reminded us of a shameful and tragic history.
 Sukeban Deka The Movie (スケバン刑事) is a live action Japanese film that was released in 1987. The movie closely follows a TV and manga series Sukeban Deka written and illustrated by Shinji Wada. The movie stars Yoko Minamino and Yui Asaka who were also in the TV series. The movie was followed by Sukeban Deka II in 1988.
 Sandade Sandadi is a 2002 Telugu film directed by Muppalaneni Shiva and produced by Mr. Adityaram under Adityaram Movies .The film stars Jagapathi Babu Rajendra Prasad Sivaji Urvasi Rasi and Sanghavi in the lead roles. The film was a remake of Kannada film Kothigalu Saar Kothigalu (2001). It was remade in in Hindi as Shaadi No. 1 (2005).
 All Quiet on the Western Front is a television film produced by ITC Entertainment released on November 14 1979 starring actors Richard Thomas of The Waltons fame as Paul Baumer and Ernest Borgnine as Katczinsky. It is based on the book of the same title by Erich Maria Remarque.
 Dreams from My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception is a 2012 American documentary-style film by Joel Gilbert which claims that U.S. President Barack Obama's biological father was Communist Party USA activist Frank Marshall Davis. The title derived from the title of Obama's memoir Dreams from My Father. The film was described by reviewers as preposterous implausible and as a vulgar conspiracy video one that outdoes even birther propaganda in its lunacy and bad taste.
 Torpedo Bay is a 1963 war film directed by Charles Frend and Bruno Vailati and starring James Mason. The story is based on events that took place at Betasom a submarine base established at Bordeaux by the Italian Navy during World War II.The film was released as Beta Som the Italian language acronym meaning Bordeaux Sommergibile. Phonetically B (for Bordeaux) is Beta and SOM is an abbreviation for 'Sommergibile' which is the Italian for submarine in the UK.
 El Encanto del amor prohibido is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Nilavupole is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.
 A Face in the Fog is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 Point of No Return (also known as The Assassin) is a 1993 American action film directed by John Badham and starring Bridget Fonda and Gabriel Byrne. It is a remake of Luc Besson's 1990 film Nikita.Maggie Hayward (Bridget Fonda) is a young violent and unstable drug addict found guilty of murdering a police officer and is sentenced to death by lethal injection. Her death is faked and a secret government agent named Bob (Gabriel Byrne) informs her that she is to become an assassin.
 Tracker is a 2011 British-New Zealand action-thriller film set in 1903 New Zealand directed by Ian Sharp and starring Ray Winstone and Temuera Morrison.
 Victory Through Air Power is a 1943 Walt Disney Technicolor animated feature film based on the 1942 book Victory Through Air Power by Alexander P. de Seversky. De Seversky appeared in the film an unusual departure from the Disney animated feature films of the time.The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Music Score of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.
 First Case Second Case (Persian: .قضیه شکل اول... شکل دوم Qazieh shekl-e avval... shekl-e dovvom.‎) is a 1979 Iranian film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 Rudhra is a 1991 Tamil film written and directed by Sasi Mohan. It stars K. Bhagyaraj Gouthami and Lakshmi. The film completed a 100-day run.
 Secret of the Blue Room (1933) is a murder-mystery film starring Lionel Atwill Gloria Stuart Paul Lukas and Edward Arnold. The plot is based on the German film Geheimnis des Blauen Zimmers made the previous year. Universal remade it twice: as The Missing Guest in 1938 and as Murder in the Blue Room in 1944; the latter is played mostly as a comedy with songs though is still faithful to the original plot.
 Deliver Us from Evil previously titled Beware the Night is an upcoming American crime-thriller horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and co-written with Paul Harris Boardman based on a 2001 book entitled Beware the Night by Ralph Sarchie and Lisa Collier Cool.The film stars Eric Bana Olivia Munn Joel McHale Sean Harris and Édgar Ramírez and is set for a July 2 2014 release date.
 Nothing But the Truth is a 1929 American sound comedy film starring Richard Dix. The film was remade as Nothing But the Truth (1941) starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard.
 Sing You Sinners is a 1938 American musical comedy film directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Bing Crosby Fred MacMurray Ellen Drew and Donald O'Connor. Written by Claude Binyon the film is about three singing brothers who go to California to find their fortune. The film introduced the two Crosby hit songs Small Fry and I've Got a Pocketful of Dreams. Crosby recorded the former title as a duet with Johnny Mercer for Decca Records.
 Harry and the Butler (Danish: Harry og kammertjeneren) is a 1961 Danish film directed by Bent Christensen. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It was also entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Unspoken (French: Non-dit) is a 2008 Belgian drama film. It was written and directed by Fien Troch produced by Antonino Lombardo and starred Emmanuelle Devos and Bruno Todeschini.The film tells the story of Grace who is still grappling with the disappearance of her daughter five years earlier and her husband Lukas which is trapped in his own helpless grief. He and Grace have long since stopped communicating.
 45 is a 2009 short film by producer and director Peter Coster starring JC Mac. This 12-minute comedy / drama / psychological thriller is Coster's debut film as director. A Dragons Lair films and MaChico bros production.
 The Night Hunter is a 1996 horror film directed by Rick Jacobson featuring a struggle between vampires and humans.
 Down to Earth (Portuguese: Casa de Lava) is a 1995 Portuguese drama film directed by Pedro Costa. The film is set in Cape Verde Islands a former Portuguese colony.The drama is characterized by its reduced narrative and photographies of the volcano in the Cape Verde islands. The title literally means a house of lava.Casa de Lava was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Navagatharkku Swagatham is a 2012 Malayalam campus-based film written by Kalavoor Ravikumar and directed by Jayakrishna Karanavar. Mainly filmed on locations at Kalamassery the film stars Mukesh Jyothirmayi Rejith Menon Shafna and Vinay Forrt in pivotal roles. The film's music is composed by late music maestro Johnson. The film was met with negative critical reviews and was declared as a box office flop.
 Eye of the Day is a Dutch/Indonesian documentary from 2001 directed by Leonard Retel Helmrich. The documentary released on 1 March 2001.The documentary is the start of a trilogy and follows the family Sjamsuddin existing of three generations in the slums of Jakarta Indonesia. The Dutch name is Stand van de Zon.
 Body of Evidence is a 1993 erotic thriller produced by Dino De Laurentiis and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and has the rare NC-17 rating.It was directed by Uli Edel and stars Madonna and Willem Dafoe with Joe Mantegna Anne Archer Julianne Moore and Jürgen Prochnow in supporting roles.The first theatrical release was censored for the purpose of obtaining an R rating reducing the film's running time from 101 to 99 minutes.
 Akashadoothu is a 1993 Malayalam-language drama film directed by Sibi Malayil with Madhavi and Murali in lead roles. One of the most influential melodramas of the nineties the film tells the tale of a widow suffering from leukemia. It won the National Film Award for Best Film on Family Welfare. Madhavi won Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Actress and Filmfare Award for Best Actress awards for this film.
 Sikkim is a 1971 Indian documentary about the nation of Sikkim directed by Satyajit Ray. The documentary was commissioned by the Chogyal (King) of Sikkim at a time when he felt the sovereignty of Sikkim was under threat from both China and India. Ray's documentary is about the sovereignty of Sikkim. The film was banned by the government of India when Sikkim merged with India in 1975. In 2000 the copyright of the film was transferred to the Art and Culture Trust of Sikkim.
 The Happy Years is a 1950 film.
 Dracula A.D. 1972 is a 1972 horror film directed by Alan Gibson and produced by Hammer Film Productions. It was written by Don Houghton and stars Christopher Lee Peter Cushing and Stephanie Beacham. Unlike earlier films in Hammer's Dracula series Dracula A.D. 1972 has (at the time of filming) a contemporary setting in an attempt to update the Dracula story for modern audiences.
 A Tiger's Tale is a 1987 film written and directed by Peter Douglas based on the novel Love and Other Natural Disasters by Allen Hannay III.
 Bellezze in moto-scooter is a 1952 Italian comedy film by Carlo Campogalliani.
 Hankyū Densha ( 阪急電車 片道15分の奇跡 Hankyū densha katamichi 15-fun-no kiseki) is a 2011 Japanese film. It is based on the novel Hankyū Densha by Hiro Arikawa and directed by Yoshishige Miyake. It was released in cinemas in the Kansai region of Japan on April 23 2011 and then in other regions of the country from April 29.The stage for the story is the commuter railway Hankyū Imazu Line in Hyōgo Prefecture Japan.
 Mundane History (Thai: เจ้านกกระจอก) is a 2009 film by the acclaimed female Thai film-maker Anocha Suwichakornpong. She wrote co-produced and directed the film. It is described as “one of the most startling and original feature debuts of recent years and received its world premiere on 10 October 2009 at the Pusan International Film Festival in South Korea.
 Great Guns is a 1941 film directed by Monty Banks and produced by Sol M. Wurtzel for 20th Century Fox starring Laurel and Hardy. It is also known as Forward March.
 The Bong Connection is a 2006 English-language Indian film starring Raima Sen Shayan Munshi and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt. The movie is based on the lives of Bengalis in the U.S. and Kolkata.
 Delirium is a 2013 Ukrainian film produced and directed by Ihor Podolchak premiered in Director’s Week Competition in Fantasporto (Portugal 2013) awarded with the First Prize at Baghdad International Film Festival (2013).Delirium is the second Podolchak feature film. The screenplay is based on the novel Inductor by Ukrainian writer Dmytro Belyansky.
 The Next Voice You Hear... (1950) is a drama film in which a voice claiming to be that of God preempts all radio programs for days all over the world. It stars James Whitmore and Nancy Davis as Joe and Mary Smith a typical American couple. It was based on a short story of the same name by George Sumner Albee [1].
 Overland Stage Raiders is a 1938 Three Mesquiteers Western film starring John Wayne and directed by George Sherman. The film is notable for being the final film in which silent film icon Louise Brooks performed. Wayne played the lead in eight of the fifty-one films in the popular series.
 The Little Bear Movie is an animated film based on the television series Little Bear which in turn is based on the book series of the same name which was written by Else Holmelund Minarik and illustrated by Maurice Sendak and produced by Nelvana Limited for Paramount Pictures. The film was released in theaters Christmas 2000 and released on direct-to-video on August 7 2001 by Paramount Home Video. It stars Kristin Fairlie as the voice of Little Bear.
 Dragon Eyes is a 2012 American action film directed by John Hyams and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Cung Le. In New Orleans a mysterious man who looks to unite two warring gangs against the lawmen who have been using them to advance their corrupt agenda.
 11:14 is a 2003 American indie thriller written and directed by Greg Marcks starring Rachael Leigh Cook Henry Thomas Shawn Hatosy Stark Sands Colin Hanks Ben Foster Barbara Hershey Clark Gregg Patrick Swayze and Hilary Swank.The film premiered at various showings at an unusual time ending the screening exactly at 11:14 PM.
 Amara Deepam (Tamil: அமர தீபம் English: Head Lamp) is a Tamil film is directed by T. Prakash Rao released in 1956.
 Kotreshi Kanasu (Kannada: ಕೊಟ್ರೇಶಿ ಕನಸು English: Dream of Kotreshi) is a 1994 Indian Kannada language film directed by Nagathihalli Chandrashekar starring Vijay Raghavendra and Karibasavaiah. The film won two National Film Awards at 42nd National Film Awards; Best Feature Film in Kannada and Best Child Artist (Vijay Raghavendra).
 The Baby is a 1973 American horror-thriller film directed by Ted Post and was written by Abe Polsky. The film stars Anjanette Comer Ruth Roman Marianna Hill Susanne Zenor and David Mooney. It tells the story of a social worker who investigates an eccentric family which includes Baby a 21-year-old man who acts like an infant. The psychological horror is considered as cult classic.
 A Tree of Palme (パルムの樹 Parumu no Ki) is a 2002 Japanese anime film written and directed by Takashi Nakamura. It was an official selection of the 2002 Berlin Film Festival.
 Police Story 3 is an Indian Kannada language action film starring actor Sudeep in the lead and directed by 6 directors Thriller Manju Sadhu Kokila Vasu J G Krishna Anand P Raju Shankar. The music is composed by noted music composer Sagar. The film is making its way to the Guinness World Record and the Limca Book of Records by shooting a normal two and a half hour movie in just 12 hours and the first copy of the film will be ready in just 10 days after the shooting.
 Yellow Sticky Notes is a 2007 animated short film by Canadian artist Jeff Chiba Stearns. The film uses a series of sticky note papers to tell the events that happened to the filmmaker and the rest of the world during nine years.
 Thoondil is a romantic drama Tamil film starring Shaam and Sandhya directed by Adhiyaman. The film opened to poor reviews.
 Dumbo is a 1941 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and premiered on October 23 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures. Sound was recorded conventionally using the RCA System.
 Blackrock is a 1997 Australian film directed by Steven Vidler and written by Nick Enright. Internationally it is best remembered as the first prominent role of actor Heath Ledger.
 Drango is a 1957 American motion picture produced by Jeff Chandler's own production company Earlmar Productions written and directed by Hall Bartlett and released by United Artists. Starring Chandler in the title role the film also features Ronald Howard Joanne Dru Julie London and Donald Crisp.
 The Little Savage is a 1959 film directed by Byron Haskin. It stars Pedro Armendáriz and Christiane Martel. It is loosely based on an 1848 novel of the same name by Frederick Marryat.
 ReBoot: My Two Bobs is a 2001 Canadian made-for-TV movie based on the series ReBoot. The movie continues the events set in motion by the cliffhanger ending in Daemon Rising. Along with Daemon Rising the two movies are considered the fourth season. It was originally broadcast in Canada as a film but was later rebroadcast as 4 individual episodes. Broken down into its component episodes it is 'My Two Bobs' 'Life's A Glitch' 'Null-Bot Of The Bride' and 'Crouching Binome Hidden Virus'.
 A Madea Christmas is a Christmas comedy-drama film directed written produced by and starring Tyler Perry. This is the first Christmas themed film from the prolific writer-director; and also adapted from his play of the same name. This is the seventeenth film by Perry and the seventh in the Madea franchise. It was released in theaters on December 13 2013.
 Address Unknown (Hangul: 수취인불명; RR: Suchwiin bulmyeong) is a 2001 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-duk. It was the opening film of the 2001 Venice Film Festival.
 Tower of London is a 1962 historical drama and horror film starring Vincent Price and Michael Pate.
 Okul (School) is a 2004 Turkish horror-comedy film directed by the Taylan brothers (Yağmur Taylan and Durul Taylan). It is adapted from the novel Hayalet Kitap by Doğu Yücel who also wrote the screenplay. Kevin Moore provided the film's soundtrack.
 Pravachakan is a Malayalam movie released in 1993 under the direction of P. G. Viswambharan. The films has notable actors like Mukesh Rajan P. Dev Siddique and Narendra Prasad.
 Arjun ( Dubbed into Tamil as Varenda Madhuraiku and Dubbed into Malayalam as Arjun and Dubbed into Hindi as Maidaan-E-Jung ) is a Tollywood film released on 18 August 2004 and was written and directed by Gunasekhar Varma Karri. This is the second time Mahesh Babu and Gunasekhar Varma Karri have teamed up after delivering the blockbuster Okkadu. The movie stars Mahesh Babu Shriya Saran Keerthi Reddy Raja AbelRaja Prakashraj Saritha and Murali Mohan.
 Gai Shanxi and her Sisters (Chinese: 盖山西和她的姐妹们; pinyin: gai shan xi he ta de jie mei men) directed by Ban Zhongyi is a 2007 independent Chinese documentary about one Chinese woman's ordeal as a comfort woman for the Japanese Army during World War II.
 Casablanca Casablanca is a 1985 Italian comedy film written directed and starred by Francesco Nuti. It is the sequel of Io Chiara e lo scuro.For his performance Nuti won the Nastro d'Argento for best actor.
 Escape from Uganda is a 2013 Malayalam thriller film directed by Rajesh Nair. The film based on a true life incident is about a family who gets trapped in the country. The cast includes Rima Kallingal Vijay Babu R. Parthiepan Jojo Tashu Kaushik Winston Witecker and also Mukesh in a cameo appearance. The story is by Rajesh nair Screenplay by Sandeep Robinson Deepak Prabhakaran and Nithin Bhadran and dialogue by salin mankuzy.
 Patrick is an Australian remake of the 1978 film of the same name.
 Visible Secret is a 2001 Hong Kong horror comedy film directed by Ann Hui starring Eason Chan Shu Qi Anthony Wong Sam Lee James Wong Wayne Lai Kara Hui Tony Liu and Cheung Tat-ming.
 Naan Kadavul (English: I am God) is a 2009 Indian Tamil film co-written and directed by Bala. Based on the Tamil novel Yezhaam Ulagam by Jeyamohan—who also penned the dialogues for the film—the film features Arya and Pooja in the lead roles.The film revolves around Rudran (Arya) who in his childhood was left in Varanasi by his parents only to become an aghori.
 The Knockout (1914) was Charlie Chaplin's seventeenth film for Keystone Studios. Chaplin only has a small role and Fatty Arbuckle takes up the main role (it is one of only a few films in which Chaplin's Little Tramp character appears in a secondary role; Chaplin doesn't even appear until the second half of the film). It also stars Arbuckle's wife Minta Durfee Edgar Kennedy and Keystone owner Mack Sennett in a minor role as a spectator.
 Davy Crockett is a 1910 American silent starring Hobart Bosworth as Davy Crockett with Betty Harte and Tom Santschi. The film was directed by Francis Boggs and distributed by Selig Polyscope Co. It was commercially released in the United States. With a storyline similar to the 1909 Davy Crockett – In Hearts United this fictional account of Crockett's life has him rescuing his lady love from marrying his rival. The movie ends with Crockett and his girlfriend riding off together.
 My Neighbor Totoro (となりのトトロ Tonari no Totoro) is a 1988 Japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. The film – which stars the voice actors Noriko Hidaka Chika Sakamoto and Hitoshi Takagi – tells the story of the two young daughters (Satsuko and Mei) of a professor and their interactions with friendly wood spirits in postwar rural Japan.
 Timepass is a 2014 Indian Marathi language film. Its a story about teenage love set up in 90's between Dagadu (Prathamesh Parab) and Prajakta (Ketaki Mategaonkar) also starring Bhalchandra Kadam and Vaibhav Mangle. It is directed by Ravi Jadhav who has provided prior hits like Balak-Palak Balgandharva Natarang. Timepass had a record-breaking opening weekend of 50 million (US$840000) and grossed 310 million (US$5.2 million) by the end of its three-week run.
 The Jackpot is a 1950 American comedy film directed by Walter Lang with James Stewart and Barbara Hale in the lead roles. It features a young Natalie Wood.The screenplay was based on a John McNulty article The Jackpot in The New Yorker (February 19 1949) about the true experiences of James P.
 Captain Pantoja and the Special Services (Spanish: Pantaleón y las visitadoras) is a 2000 Spanish-Peruvian film co-production directed by Francisco J. Lombardi. It is based on the eponymous comic novel by acclaimed Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa. The film was chosen as Peru's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Thambikottai is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by R. Ammu Ramesh. It stars Narain and Poonam Bajwa in the lead roles with Prabhu Meena Sangeetha Rajendran and Santhanam among others playing supporting roles. The film was released on 11 February 2011. It was an average grosser film.
 Chicago Confidential is a 1957 film directed by Sidney Salkow starring Brian Keith Beverly Garland and Dick Foran . It was the first film produced for Edward Small by Robert E. Kent who had been a writer and story supervisor at Columbia. Small and Kent went on to make many movies together.
 The Road to the Wall is a 1962 American short documentary film produced by Robert Saudek about the construction of the Berlin Wall. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 When You're in Love is a 1937 musical film starring Grace Moore Cary Grant and Thomas Mitchell. Moore sings Minnie the Moocher in one scene. She also sings the wonderful Ernesto Lecuono classic Siboney (though her Spanish is not perfection) drooled over by Cary Grant. The movie was directed by Robert Riskin. Louise Brooks was originally cast in the female lead; she very briefly appears as one of many ballet dancers in a musical sequence. Some of the songs were by Jerome Kern.
 Harvest of Shame was a 1960 television documentary presented by broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow on CBS that showed the plight of American migrant agricultural workers. It was Murrow's final documentary for the network; he left CBS at the end of January 1961 at President John F.
 A Pearl in the Forest (Mongolian: Мойлхон Moilkhon Buckthorn) is a 2008 Mongolian historical film.This is a story about a young couple whose newly planned life was destroyed by the impact of the Great Purges of 1934–1938 in Mongolia.The main goal of this movie was to provide a testimony for the many Buryats and Mongolians who were persecuted during the Great Purges initiated by Joseph Stalin.
 Fly-by-Night is a 1942 American thriller/screwball comedy film directed by Robert Siodmak starring Richard Carlson and Nancy Kelly. It was Siodmak's first American film.
 The Lonely Voice of Man (Russian: Одинокий голос человека) also known as The Lonely Human Voice is the first full-feature film by Alexander Sokurov. It was originally filmed in 1978 and reconstructed in 1987 at the Lenfilm studios. The film is largely based on Andrei Platonov's River Potudan and Origin of the Master although it is not a direct film adaptation in the traditional sense but rather a recreation of the spiritual nature of Platonov's prose.
 Der rote Rausch is a 1962 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Schleif and starring Klaus Kinski.
 YMCA Baseball Team (YMCA Yagudan or YMCA 야구단) is a semi-historical 2002 South Korean comedy film.In 1905 there was a confluence of international events leading to the loss of Chosŏn Korean sovereignty and by 1910 Japan formally annexed Korea outright.
 Hell's Island is a 1955 American color film noir starring John Payne and directed by Phil Karlson. The film was the last teaming of actor Payne and film director Karlson. The film was shot in the VistaVision wide-screen format. Hell's Island was re-released in 1962 under the title South Sea Fury. The working titles of this film were Love Is a Weapon and The Ruby Virgin.The film is told as a flashback with Payne narrating the story.
 My Mom's New Boyfriend is a 2008 romantic comedy film starring Colin Hanks Antonio Banderas Selma Blair and Meg Ryan. It is rated PG-13 for sexual content language some violence and drug material. The film received a limited theatrical release worldwide. However it was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on June 17 2008. It was released under the title My Spy in the UK and Australia.
 Silent Hill is a 2006 psychological horror film directed by Christophe Gans and written by Roger Avary Christophe Gans and Nicolas Boukhrief. The film is an adaptation of Konami's survival horror video game series Silent Hill. The film particularly its emotional religious and aesthetic content includes elements from the first second third and fourth games in the series.
 The Long Road Home is a family 1999 TV-movie directed and written by Craig Clyde. It stars Michael Ansara T.J. Lowther and Mary Elizabeth Winstead. The film tells the story of a city boy's life after having to live with his grandparents in a village after his parent's death.
 Aalay Pathu Malai Mathu is a 1988 Tamil Indian feature film written and directed by M.Venkat Vasu and produced by A.K.Kuppu Raj. It stars Chandrasekhar in the lead role.
 Evil Bong 2: King Bong is a 2009 comedy horror film directed by Charles Band and the sequel to Charles Band's Evil Bong.
 Trojan War is a 1997 romantic comedy film directed by George Huang. It stars Will Friedle Jennifer Love Hewitt and Marley Shelton. The film was a critical and box office disaster. Produced for $15 million it made only $309 in ticket sales but was only played in a single movie theater and was pulled after a week.
 March of the Penguins (French La Marche de l'empereur ; French pronunciation: ​[lamaʁʃ dəlɑ̃ˈpʁœʁ]) is a 2005 French nature documentary film directed and co-written by Luc Jacquet and co-produced by Bonne Pioche and the National Geographic Society. The film depicts the yearly journey of the Emperor Penguins of Antarctica. In autumn all the penguins of breeding age (five years old and over) leave the ocean their normal habitat to walk inland to their ancestral breeding grounds.
 Velvet Fingers is a 1920 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz. Although the film is considered to be lost by some sources a copy of it is actually available in the archives of the Cinémathèque Française.
 Young Sherlock Holmes (also titled as Young Sherlock Holmes and the Pyramid of Fear) is a 1985 American mystery adventure film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Chris Columbus based on the characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The movie depicts a young Sherlock Holmes and John Watson meeting and solving a mystery together at a boarding school.
 Balked at the Altar is a 1908 American short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress. The film was made by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
 Solas is a 1999 Spanish film written and directed by Benito Zambrano.The film explores the lives of a mother and daughter and their struggle for survival and happiness. Both of the women in the story are portrayed as alone (sola plural solas) each in her own way.It won five Goya awards in 2000 and several other prizes.
 Daulat is a 1937 Bollywood film directed by S. M. Yusuf.
 Cologne: From the Diary of Ray and Esther is a 1939 short documentary film which deals with the German-American community on the eve of World War II. It was filmed and directed by amateur filmmakers Esther Dowidat and Raymond Dowidat residents of Cologne Minnesota.In 2001 this fourteen-minute film Cologne was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Romance in the Dark is a 1938 film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Gladys Swarthout John Boles John Barrymore and Claire Dodd. It is one of five movies produced by Paramount in the 1930s featuring Gladys Swarthout a very popular Metropolitan Opera mezzo-soprano. The studio was attempting to build on the popularity of Grace Moore another opera singer who had also expanded her talents into movies.
 Touhean is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1989 and stars Dimple Kapadia.
 In the Name of Love is a 2012 Vietnamese thriller film directed by Luu Huynh.
 Fig Leaves is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks released by Fox Film Corporation and starring George O'Brien. The film had one sequence a fashion show filmed in Technicolor. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 Kehtaa Hai Dil Baar Baar is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Dholakia and stars Jimmy Shergill Kim Sharma Paresh Rawal in pivotal roles.
 Egaro the Immortal Eleven is a 2011 Bengali sports film based on a historical event. It was directed by debutant director Arun Roy. The film is based on the historical events leading to a football match between Mohun Bagan and East Yorkshire Regiment on 29 July 1911 a time when India was under the British rule. This was the first time when Mohun Bagan or any native team won the IFA Shield. The film commemorated that event in its centenary year i.e. 2011.
 Above and Beyond is a 1952 American war film about Lt. Col. Paul W. Tibbets Jr. the pilot of the aircraft that dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima in August 1945.It stars Robert Taylor as Tibbets and features a love story with Eleanor Parker as his wife. James Whitmore plays security officer Major Bill Uanna.
 Sometimes They Come Back is a 1991 made-for-TV horror film based on the short story by the same title by Stephen King.The short story itself was planned to be part of the stories featured in Stephen King's Cat's Eye but producer Dino De Laurentiis felt[citation needed] that the story would make it on its own.
 Felix on the Job is a 1916 silent comedy film directed by George Felix and starring Lon Chaney.
 Munster Go Home! is a 1966 American film based on the hit 1960s family television sitcom The Munsters. It was directed by Earl Bellamy who also directed a number of episodes in the series. The film reunited the original cast except for Marilyn who was played by Debbie Watson.This film offered audiences an opportunity to see the Munsters in Technicolor rather than the black-and-white format of the television series but was not a commercial success upon its original theatrical release.
 Messalina Messalina also known as Caligula II: Messalina Messalina is a 1977 Italian spoof film.
 Sweet Inquest on Violence (French: Douce enquête sur la violence) is a 1982 French drama film directed by Gérard Guérin. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Search is a 1948 Swiss-American film directed by Fred Zinnemann which tells the story of a young Auschwitz survivor and his mother who search for each other across post-World War II Europe. It stars Montgomery Clift Ivan Jandl Jarmila Novotná and Aline MacMahon. One oft cited feature of this film is that many of the scenes were shot amidst the actual ruins of post-war German cities namely Ingolstadt Nuremberg and Würzburg.
 Sabaidee Luang Prabang (Thai: สะบายดี หลวงพะบาง English title: Good Morning Luang Prabang) is a 2008 romantic drama film directed by Sakchai Deenan and starring Ananda Everingham. It was the first commercial film shot in Laos since the country adopted communism in 1975.
 Red Planet is a 2000 science fiction film directed by Antony Hoffman starring Val Kilmer Carrie-Anne Moss and Tom Sizemore. Released on November 10 2000 it was a critical and commercial failure. The film was Hoffman's film directing debut who previously directed television commercials. He has not worked on a film since.[citation needed]
 The Night the Prowler (aka. Patrick White's The Night the Prowler) is a 1978 Australian film directed by Jim Sharman and written by Patrick White. Ruth Cracknell was nominated in 1979 for an AFI Award for Best Actress in a Lead Role for her part.Paul Byrnes from Australian screen described:The film is a savage satire on the neuroses of the privileged of Sydney’s eastern suburbs where White lived and the director Jim Sharman grew up.
 The Witch Who Came From the Sea is a 1976 American horror film directed by Matt Cimber and shot by cinematographer Dean Cundey. The film concerns a dysfunctional and disturbed woman called Molly (played by Millie Perkins) who after suffering repeated sexual abuse as a child at the hands of her seafaring father embarks on a spree of gruesome sexual encounters with men who she meets during her job as a waitress in a seaside bar.
 Molière is a 2007 film by French director Laurent Tirard and starring Romain Duris as Molière. It was released in Europe in January 2007 and in the United States in July 2007. It was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival where Fabrice Luchini won the Silver George for Best Actor. The screenplay was co-written by Tirard and Grégoire Vigneron.
 Daughter of the Peaks (Swedish: Högfjällets dotter) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 The Glimmer Man is a 1996 American action film directed by John Gray and produced by Steven Seagal who also starred in the film. The film also co-stars Keenen Ivory Wayans Bob Gunton and Brian Cox. The film was released in the United States on October 4 1996.Seagal plays Jack Cole a former government intelligence operative known as The Glimmer Man because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they die.
 Horn Ok Pleassss is a Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Rakesh Sarang. The film stars Muzammil Ibrahim and Nana Patekar in lead roles. The film was set to be released in 2009 but unfortunately the director wanted it to come out lately so the film did get released but only in India. Worldwide except India the film was released in Summer 2010.
 Hamaari Baat is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the eighth highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 The Page Turner (French: La Tourneuse de pages) is a 2006 French film directed by Denis Dercourt. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Through the Eyes of a Killer is a 1992 thriller film starring Richard Dean Anderson and Marg Helgenberger.
 Something in Her Eye is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 La moglie di sua eccellenza is a 1913 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Edison the Man is a 1940 biographical film depicting the life of inventor Thomas Edison who was played by Spencer Tracy. Hugo Butler and Dore Schary were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Original Story for their work on this film. However much of the film's script fictionalizes or exaggerates the real events of Edison's life.
 Frenchie is a 1950 American film of the western genre directed by Louis King and starring Shelley Winters Joel McCrea and Marie Windsor. The plot is loosely based on the western Destry Rides Again.
 The Wanderers is a 1979 drama film about gangs and the greaser subculture based on the novel The Wanderers by Richard Price. It marks the sixth feature film directed by American Philip Kaufman.
 In the battlefields (French : Sur les champs de bataille)(Arabic: معارك حب‎ maarek hob) is a 2004 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Danielle Arbid. The film premiered on May 16 during the 2004 Cannes Film Festival in the Directors' Fortnight section where the film ran for the Caméra d'Or during the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.It is the first feature film by Danielle Arbid.
 Wang-geon the Great (Korean: 태조 왕건) is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Choi In-hyeon depicting the life of Wang-geon who ruled the Goryeo Dynasty.
 Dennis the Menace (released in the United Kingdom as Dennis to avoid confusion with an identically-named character) is a 1993 live-action American family film based on the Hank Ketcham comic strip of the same name.
 Chingachgook die große Schlange is an East German film. It was released in 1967and sold 5077070 tickets. The title translates to Chingachgook the Great Serpent and starred Gojko Mitić as Chingachgook.
 Star Wars: Storm in the Glass (Russian: Звёздные войны: Буря в стакане refers to operation of Persian Gulf War Desert Storm) sometimes translated as Star Wars: Tempest in a Teapot is a humorous 2004 English-to-Russian movie spoof of the 1999 science fantasy film Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace by popular Russian movie translator Dmitry Goblin Puchkov.
 Another Earth is a 2011 American science fiction/drama independent movie directed by Mike Cahill in his feature film debut. The film stars William Mapother and Brit Marling. It premiered at the 27th Sundance Film Festival in January 2011 and is being distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures.The movie received a mostly positive reception getting two nominations from the Saturn Awards for Brit Marling's performance and for Cahill and Marling's writing.
 Enter the Ninja is a 1981 martial arts film directed by Menahem Golan and starring Franco Nero Susan George and Sho Kosugi. Production was started in the Philippines with Emmett Alston directing but when Charles Bronson refused to allow Menahem Golan to direct Death Wish II Golan a co-principal of Cannon Group which was producing both movies took over directing duties of Ninja replacing Alston.[citation needed]
 Prem Granth (Devanagari: प्रेम ग्रंथ translation: Scripture of Love) is a Hindi movie which was released in India on 22 May 1996. Directed by Rajiv Kapoor the movie stars Rishi Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit and deals with the subject of rape. The movie was a commercial failure.
 Man of the Year (Italian: Homo Eroticus also known as Husband Italian Style) is a 1971 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Marco Vicario. The film was a blockbuster at the Italian box office.
 The Nun (French: La Religieuse also known as French: Suzanne Simonin la Religieuse de Denis Diderot) is a 1966 French drama film directed by Jacques Rivette and based on the novel of the same title by Denis Diderot.
 Phir Wohi Dil Laya Hoon (English: I've Come Back With the Same Heart) is a 1963 Indian Bollywood film. The film became a superhit at the box office. This was Nasir Hussain's second production the first being Jab Pyar Kisi Se Hota Hai. He also wrote and directed it. It starred Joy Mukherjee and the Nasir Hussain fixture Asha Parekh. Pran played the villain in the film and Rajindernath had a supporting role.
 Back to Ararat (Swedish: Tillbaka till Ararat) is a 1988 Swedish documentary film about the Armenian genocide. The film won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film at the 24th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Walls of Freedom (Swedish: Frihetens murar) is a 1978 Swedish drama film directed by Marianne Ahrne. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Baseball (1994) is an 18½ hour Emmy Award-winning documentary series by Ken Burns about the game of baseball. First broadcast on PBS this was Burns' ninth documentary.
 Ask a Policeman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel which stars Will Hay Moore Marriott and Graham Moffatt. The title comes from the popular music hall song Ask a Policeman. The Turnbotham Round police force are threatened with dismissal by their Chief Constable and decide to manufacture some smugglers to keep their jobs. When they encounter real smugglers their plans begins to fall apart.
 Unnaruge Naan Irundhal is a 2000 comedy romantic movie. R. Parthiban and Meena played the lead roles. Manorama Vadivelu Manivannan and a few others play some supporting and comedy roles to enhance the film. Rambha and Vivek played a guest appearance in this movie.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Pursuit of the Balls of Darkness (クレヨンしんちゃん 暗黒タマタマ大追跡) is a 1997 Japanese animated film and the fifth installment of the Crayon Shin-chan series. It was released in India on June 17 2012 named as Shin Chan in Dark Tama Tama Thrilling Chase and aired on Hungama TV.
 Statross le Magnifique is a 2006 film by director Rémi Lange featuring actor Jann Halexander.This film is the first chapter of a trilogy about Statross Reichmann an incarnation of the western world and all of its contradictions. Some stores in France and Belgium refused to sell the film due to the gay theme and three words printed large on the cover: sex race and death.
 Dead Air (Chinese: 鬼计; pinyin: Gui Ji) is a 2007 Hong Kong horror film produced by Teddy Chen (Bodyguards and Assassins) Hong Kong supernatural thriller Dead Air marks the feature directorial debut of Xavier Lee (documentary Jackie Chan: My Stunts) and the first lead role for AV actor Derek Tsang.
 Fuck for Forest is a 2012 documentary film directed by Michal Marczak. The film premiered in Poland on 13 October 2012 at the Warsaw Film Festival where it won Best Documentary. It premiered in the United States at the South by Southwest Film Festival on 8 March 2013. In 2013 it was nominated for the Sheffield Green Award as part of Sheffield Doc/Fest and received a Special Mention.
 Cavalry is a 1936 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Doomsday Gun is a 1994 television film produced by HBO dramatizing the life of Canadian supergun designer Dr. Gerald Bull and his involvement in Project Babylon Saddam Hussein's plan to build a supergun with a range of over 500 miles.
 Equality is a short film by American filmmaker Al Sutton MD a documentary under the genre of human rights social issues history and news.
 Heap Big Chief is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Mike's New Car is a 2002 Pixar computer animated short comedy film starring the two main characters from Monsters Inc. Sulley and Mike. Directed by Pete Docter and Roger L. Gould it is the first Pixar short to utilize dialogue and the first to take characters and situations from a previously established work.The short premiered on September 17 2002 included in the DVD and VHS release of Monsters Inc. It was nominated for a 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
 Kurulu Bedda is a 1961 Sri Lankan drama written by P. K. D Seneviratne. It attempted to follow in the precedent set by Rekava and create a truly Sinhala film.
 Summa Nachunu Irukku (English: It is Just Amazing) is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by A. Venkatesh. The film features Thaman Kumar Vibha Natarajan and Archana Vishwanath in lead roles along with an ensemble cast including Thambi Ramaiah Sreenivasan Appukutty and Erode Mahesh. The film produced by B. Vimal had musical score by Achu Rajamani and was released on 30 August 2013. The story of the film was inspired by the 1997 Malayalam film Chandralekha.
 La prova d'amore is a 1974 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 The King of the Kitchen is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 I'll Stick to You is a 1933 British film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Jay Laurier Betty Astell and Hal Walters.
 Politicking in Paradise is an upcoming 2011 Bahamian comedy-thriller short film written and produced by Nathaniel Prince Lewis and his film studio Prince Lewis Projects and Directed by Devron Pinder of Diplight Media. Filmed in HD the picture stars Nathaniel Prince Lewis (Allan Smith Jr.) Alfred Lewis (Johnny) Deniro Anderson (Andrew) LaVaughan Hamilton (Tyson) and Chelsea Blues (Kayla).
 Ice Soldiers is a 2013 Canadian action-science fiction film directed by Sturla Gunnarsson and starring Dominic Purcell Adam Beach and Michael Ironside.
 Love Comes Along is a 1930 film starring Bebe Daniels. It made a profit of $90000.
 High Voltage is a 1997 direct-to-video action film directed by Isaac Florentine and starring Antonio Sabàto Jr. Shannon Lee Amy Smart George Kee Cheung Lochlyn Munro James Lew William Zabka and Antonio Sabato.
 Westgate Tango (simplified Chinese: 西门町; traditional Chinese: 西門町; pinyin: Xi men ding) is a 2012 Taiwan romance drama film starring Dylan Kuo Amber An Hong Kong actor Anthony Wong Denny Tsao Jett Lee and Japanese director actor Toyoharu Kitamura. Directed and written by notable film critic Wei Wang. This is the feature directorial debut by Wang Wei.
 Getting Married in Buffalo Jump is a 1990 Canadian TV movie filmed in Alberta Canada. In specific Cowley Lundbeck and Pincher Creek. It was directed by Eric Till and stars Wendy Crewson and Paul Gross.
 The Sino-Dutch War 1661 also known as Hero Zheng Chenggong is a 2000 Chinese historical drama film directed by Wu Ziniu starring Vincent Zhao Jiang Qinqin Du Zhiguo Shimada Yôko Xu Min and Zhang Shan. The film is based on the story of Zheng Chenggong and focuses on his battle with the Dutch Empire for control of Taiwan at the Siege of Fort Zeelandia. The film was released in 2002 in Japan under the title Kokusenya Kassen (國姓爺合戰). An alternative Chinese title for the film is 鄭成功1661.
 The Hidden One (Spanish: La Escondida) is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Westler is a 1985 film originally produced for West Germany television. It was directed by Wieland Speck and broadcast on ZDF. It gained a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 44%
 Markandeya was a 1935 Tamil film directed by K. Ramnoth and Murugadasa. The film is based on the mythological story of Markandeya.
 A Very Christmas Story (Polish: Świąteczna Przygoda) is a Polish film by Dariusz Zawiślak produced in 2000. It is a family comedy.
 The Long and Short of It is a 2003 short film directed co-written and produced by Sean Astin. The five-minute film was shot in Wellington New Zealand in a single day when the cast and crew of The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers had reunited to shoot pick-ups. It debuted on the DVD release of The Two Towers on August 26 2003 and was an official entry at the 2003 Sundance Film Festival.
 Rangula Kala is a 1983 Telugu drama film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao. The film has won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu The film received special mention at International Film Festival of India and panorama section.
 Follow Me Home is a 1996 film directed by activist and filmmaker Peter Bratt. It explores spiritual and intercultural race relations through the lives of four artists one African American one Native American and two latin-american cousins who embark on a crosscountry road trip to paint a mural on the White House. Along the way they meet a mysterious African American woman bearing a deep secret.
 Oru Black and White Kudumbam is a 2009 Malayalam film by Shaiju Anthikkad starring Jayasurya and Kalabhavan Mani.
 The Silent Enemy is a 1958 action film directed by William Fairchild. It stars Laurence Harvey as Lionel Buster Crabb and describes his exploits during World War II.
 To thyma or To thima (Greek: Το θύμα) is a 1967 Greek drama film directed and written by Alekos Sakellarios and starring Giorgos Konstantinou Anna Kalouta Sotiris Moustakas Niki Linardou Sasa Kastoura and Nikos Fermas.
 The Silver King is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Percy Marmont Harold Huth and Chili Bouchier. The film is an adaptation of the 1882 play The Silver King by Henry Arthur Jones. It was made at Cricklewood Studios and Lime Grove Studios.
 House Party 2 the sequel to the 1990 film House Party was released in October 1991 by New Line Cinema and returns most of the cast of the original movie along with new cast members such as Queen Latifah and Iman and more guest appearances by other famous entertainers such as Tony! Toni! Toné! and Ralph Tresvant.House Party 2 basically has the same premise as the first except it is a pajama party instead of a regular house party.
 Munna is a 2007 Tollywood action film directed by Vamsi Paidipally and produced by Dil Raju. The film starred Prabhas and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles with Prakash Raj Kota Srinivasa Rao and Rahul Dev in other important roles. The film was postponed several times due to excessive post-production. The film released on 2 May 2007. The film was dubbed in Hindi as Bagawat - Ek Jung.
 Cloud 9 is a 2014 American television film by Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Paul Hoen and written by Justin Ware Don D. Scott and Katie Wech. It stars Luke Benward Dove Cameron Kiersey Clemons and Mike C. Manning. The film follows an exhilarating story set in the world of competitive snowboarding. The first promo aired on November 29 2013 during the premiere of Good Luck Jessie: NYC Christmas. It was viewed by 4.96 million viewers during its original premiere.
 The Descendant of the Snow Leopard (Kyrgyz: Ак илбирсти тукуму Russian: Потомок Белого Барса translit. Potomok belogo barsa) is a 1984 Soviet drama film directed by Tolomush Okeyev. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 The Left-Handed Man is a 1913 short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 Constance (1998) is an erotic film for women directed by Knud Vesterskov and produced by Puzzy Power a division of Lars von Trier's film company Zentropa. It was the first hardcore pornographic film ever to have been produced by an established mainstream film studio.Constance is based on the Puzzy Power Manifesto developed by Zentropa in 1997 and was the first in a series of pornographic films aimed particularly at a female audience.
 The Isle is a 2000 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk. The film was the fifth film made by Kim and the first to receive wider international acclaim for his recognizable style.
 Valley of the Sun is a 1942 film directed by George Marshall. It stars Lucille Ball and James Craig.
 Randy Rides Alone is a Western film made in 1934. The 53-minute black-and-white film was directed by Harry L. Fraser produced by Paul Malvern for Lone Star Productions and released by Monogram Pictures.
 Can-Can is a 1960 musical film made by Suffolk-Cummings productions and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Walter Lang produced by Jack Cummings and Saul Chaplin from a screenplay by Dorothy Kingsley and Charles Lederer loosely based on the musical play by Abe Burrows with music and lyrics by Cole Porter with some songs replaced by songs from earlier Porter musicals. Art direction was by Jack Martin Smith and Lyle R.
 Seventh Heaven or De zevende hemel is a 1993 Belgian-Dutch romantic comedy film directed by Jean-Paul Lilienfeld based on a script by the Flemish cabaretier Urbanus. The film was a commercial failure.
 Hercules is a 1995 film about the story of the Greek demigod Hercules the son of Zeus and Alcmene.
 Severed Ways: The Norse Discovery of America is a 2009 independent adventure drama film that tells a story of Norse explorers battling nature natives and Christianity in North America in the year 1007 AD. It was written directed edited and produced by Tony Stone who also plays one of the lead characters.The story is told in near-documentary film fashion using only natural light. Its initial shaky camera technique slows down into smoother cinematography.
 Deep Soul (Greek: Ψυχή Βαθιά) is a 2009 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris on the 1946–49 Greek Civil War.
 The Last Exorcism Part II is a 2013 American supernatural drama horror film co-written and directed by Ed Gass-Donnelly. It stars Ashley Bell Julia Garner Spencer Treat Clark David Jensen Tarra Riggs Louis Herthum and Muse Watson. It is a sequel to 2010's The Last Exorcism and released on March 1 2013.The film follows Nell Sweetzer as she attempts to recover from her past experiences and start her life anew.
 Rough Magic is a 1995 comedy film directed by Clare Peploe and starring Bridget Fonda Russell Crowe and Jim Broadbent. It was based on a novel by James Hadley ChaseMiss Shumway Waves A Wand with the screenplay written by Robert Mundi William Brookfield and Clare Peploe.The film is set in the 1950s and focusses on a young magician who leaves her fiancé to find a shaman in Mexico.
 Don't Tempt Me (Spanish: Bendito Infierno also known as Sin noticias de Dios in Spanish and No News From God in English) is a 2001 Mexican and Spanish co-production comedy film. The screenplay for the film was written especially for Penélope Cruz and Victoria Abril by the award-winning Spanish writer and director Agustín Díaz Yanes of Nadie hablará de nosotras cuando hayamos muerto.
 Oki's Movie (Hangul: 옥희의 영화) is a 2010 South Korean drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.In a multipart narrative divided into four chapters Hong fashions a new kind of love triangle. Oki is a young and beautiful college student majoring in film production and torn between the affections of two men: an older cinema professor and a former student/budding filmmaker.
 The Aviary is a 2005 independent film about the ups and downs in the personal life of a flight attendant coping with a transfer to a new city finding a new love and everything in between. It was written and produced by Abe Levy and Silver Tree who was a flight attendant herself for many years.
 Paris Trout is a 1991 drama film directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal starring Dennis Hopper Barbara Hershey and Ed Harris. It is based on the National Book Award-winning novel Paris Trout by the author Peter Dexter.
 Clínica con música is a 1974 Argentine film.
 In The Company of Actors is a 2007 Australian documentary produced by Shark Island Productions and directed by Ian Darling.
 A Lost Lady is a 1934 American drama film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring by Barbara Stanwyck Frank Morgan and Ricardo Cortez. Based on the novel A Lost Lady by Willa Cather with a screenplay by Gene Markey and Kathryn Scola the film is about a woman whose fiancé is murdered by his mistress' husband two days before their wedding. Her uncle sends her away to the mountains where she meets a man who looks after her and eventually proposes.
 Mission 90 Days is a 2007 Malayalam film by Major Ravi starring Mammooty. It is Major Ravi's second directorial venture and is based on the assassination of former Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi and the following investigation. The film received mixed to negative reviews and the film was a box office disaster.
 The Walls of Malapaga (Italian: Le mura di Malapaga French: Au-delà des grilles (Beyond the Gates)) is a 1949 Franco-Italian film co-production made by Francinex and Italia Produzione. It was directed by René Clément and produced by Alfredo Guarini from a screenplay by Cesare Zavattini Suso Cecchi d'Amico and Alfredo Guarini adapted by Jean Aurenche and Pierre Bost.
 Parigi o cara (also known as Paris My Love) is a 1962 Italian comedy drama film directed by Vittorio Caprioli.It was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 That Guy... Who Was in That Thing is a 2012 documentary film by Ian Roumain and Michael Schwartz that features sixteen male character actors discussing their careers as working actors below the film star level but who are often recognized as being that guy who was in that thing.Two talent agents also comment on the challenges faced by such actors. The film was produced by Roumain Schwartz and Brian Volk-Weiss for New Wave Entertainment.
 Faithful in My Fashion is a 1946 film.
 Love 'em and Weep is a silent comedy short film starring Mae Busch Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 10½ is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Daniel Grou and written by Claude Lalonde. It premiered at the Festival du Nouveau Cinéma in Montreal. The story involves a ten year-old boy called Tommy in the youth-protection system in Quebec.
 Unarthupattu (English: The Awakening Song) is a 1980 Malayalam film directed by P. A. Backer.
 People Mountain People Sea (人山人海 Ren shan ren hai) is a 2011 Chinese-Hong Kong film directed by Cai Shangjun. It was selected for the main competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
 Parapalos (English: Pin Boy) is a 2004 Argentine and Belgian film directed by Ana Poliak and written by Poliak and Santiago Loza.
 Australian Pie is a comedy about a young man who loses his penis in a mincer and gets a transplant from a porn star.It is also known as Going Down Under.
 Hunter × Hunter: The Last Mission (劇場版 HUNTER×HUNTER -The LAST MISSION- Gekijō-ban HUNTER×HUNTER -The LAST MISSION-) is a 2013 Japanese anime film directed by Keiichiro Kawaguchi and based on the manga series Hunter × Hunter.
 Dreamboat is a 1952 comedy film starring Clifton Webb as a college professor with a mysterious past.
 Dark Journey is a 1937 British spy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Conrad Veidt and Vivien Leigh. Written by Lajos Bíró and Arthur Wimperis the film is about two secret agents on opposite sides during World War I who meet and fall in love in neutral Stockholm Sweden.
 Northern Lights is a 1997 made for TV film for the Disney Channel starring Diane Keaton. It is known for being the first film produced under the network's Disney Channel Original Movie branding.
 Dambé: The Mali Project is a documentary film directed by Dearbhla Glynn (Dublin to Gaza) and produced by Vanessa Gildea. The film documents Irish musicians Liam Ó Maonlaí and Paddy Keenan embarking on a musical adventure to the Heart of Africa; Mali. Travelling over 3000 miles they meet and collaborate with everyone from musicians (Afel Bocoum Toumani Diabaté) to Nomadic Herders culminating in a unique performance at the world's most remote musical festival; The ‘Festival au Désert’.
 In Love and War (Hangul: 적과의 동침; RR: Jeokgwa-ui Dongchim; lit. Sleeping with the Enemy) is a 2011 South Korean comedy/drama/romance film starring Kim Joo-hyuk and Jung Ryeo-won. In June 1950 soon after the Korean War breaks out a troop of North Korean soldiers enter a small South Korean village. The troop captain proclaims that they came to liberate the villagers but their true agenda is to ferret out the reactionaries.
 Tomei Ningen (透明人間 Tōmei Ningen lit. Transparent Man) is a black-and-white Japanese action / horror film originally released in 1954. Produced by the Toho studio the film is a loose adaption of the science fiction novella entitled The Invisible Man written by British author H.G. Wells in 1897.
 Kalvanin Kadhali (Tamil: கள்வனின் காதலி) is a Tamil film that starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles. This is the first film that both of them acted together. The film was released in the year 1956. The movie was directed by V. S. Raghavan who also directed Sarangadhara.
 Crossbow is a 2007 Australian coming-of-age drama film written and directed by David Michod. The film features Cy Standen Joel Edgerton Lisa Chappell and Mirrah Foulkes and had its world premiere in competition at the Venice Film Festival on 9 March 2007. After that the film compete at number of film festivals and earned good reviews.
 To Die For is a British comedy drama film directed by Peter Mackenzie Litten in 1994. It stars Thomas Arklie Ian Williams Tony Slattery Dillie Keane and John Altman. The screenplay was written by Johnny Byrne Paul McEvoy and Litten. The original music score was composed by Roger Bolton.
 72 Days (Croatian: Sedamdeset i dva dana) is a 2010 Croatian black comedy film starring Rade Šerbedžija and directed by his son Danilo Šerbedžija.The film was selected as the Croatian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Up for Grabs is a 2004 comedic documentary about two men who fought over custody of a baseball. It was directed and produced by Michael Wranovics co-produced by Michael Lindenberger and Josh Keppel co-edited by Dave Ciaccio; the executive producers were Dr. Roger Petrie Helen Woo and Christopher Parry.
 Double Danger is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Albert Russell and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Bepanaah is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jagdish Sidana starring Shashi Kapoor Mithun Chakraborty Poonam Dhillon Rati Agnihotri Dheeraj Kumar Kader Khan and Suresh Oberoi.
 The Utah Kid is a 1944 American Western film directed by Vernon Keays.
 Raat is a 1992 Hindi supernatural thriller written produced and directed by Ram Gopal Varma starring Revathi in the role of protagonist Manisha Sharma. The film was made in Telugu as Raatri and subsequently dubbed in to Hindi.
 Los Hipócritas is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Bruce Almighty is a 2003 American religious comedy film directed by Tom Shadyac written by Steve Koren Mark O'Keefe and Steve Oedekerk and starring Jim Carrey as Bruce Nolan a down-on-his-luck TV reporter who complains to God (Morgan Freeman) that he is not doing his job correctly and is offered the chance to try being God himself for one week.
 Antonio das Mortes (Portuguese: O Dragão da Maldade contra o Santo Guerreiro lit. The Dragon of Evil against the Warrior Saint) is a 1969 Brazilian western film directed by Glauber Rocha. A sequel to Black God White Devil it features the return of the character Antonio das Mortes now as the protagonist again played by Maurício do Valle.
 In the Spirit is a 1990 film starring Marlo Thomas and Elaine May directed by noted acting coach Sandra Seacat with a screenplay co-authored by May's daughter Jeannie Berlin and Laurie Jones both of whom also appear in the film. Runtime is 94 minutes.
 Urban Ghost Story is a 1998 British horror film set in a high-rise housing estate in Glasgow. It is directed by Geneviève Jolliffe written by Geneviève Jolliffe and Chris Jones and stars Jason Connery Stephanie Buttle and Heather Ann Foster.
 The Day the Earth Caught Fire is a British science fiction disaster film starring Edward Judd Leo McKern and Janet Munro. It was directed by Val Guest and released in 1961 and is one of the classic apocalyptic films of its era.The film which was partly made on location in London and Brighton used matte painting to create images of abandoned cities and desolate landscapes.
 How to be Loved (Polish: Jak być kochaną) a Polish film released in 1963 directed by Wojciech Has.The film based on a novel of the same name by Kazimierz Brandys examines the emotional casualties of war which is perhaps the central theme of the Polish Film School. On a deeper level the film manages to construct a personal tragedy that results from a struggle of egoism and cowardice versus devotion and courage.
 National Lampoon's Van Wilder is a 2002 film directed by Walt Becker that stars Ryan Reynolds as the film's notoriously good-looking playboy protagonist Van Wilder. The film also stars Kal Penn Tara Reid and Daniel Cosgrove. It features Sophia Bush's acting debut.
 First Yank into Tokyo is a 1945 United States war film; it takes place within World War II. It was directed by Gordon Douglas.
 Shiza a.k.a. Schizo (Kazakh: Шиzа; Russian: Шиза) is a 2004 Russian language film directed by Gulshat Omarova. The film was in the official selection from Kazakhstan for the 77th Academy Awards. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anywhere U.S.A. is a 2008 feature film directed by Chusy Haney-Jardine starring mostly non-professional actors. The film is told in three parts: Penance Loss and Ignorance with each story obliquely related to the next. Anywhere U.S.A premiered in dramatic competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize for Spirit of Independence.
 Clear Blue Tuesday is a 2009 musical film directed by Elizabeth Lucas. It premiered at the Quad Cinema in New York City on September 3 2010.
 I'm Not Single (translates as Aku Bukan Bujang in Malay) is a sophomore romantic comedy film directed by Pierre Andre. It was released on July 24 2008. A series of road tour has been launched to promote the film.
 Notebook on Cities and Clothes is a documentary film about Yohji Yamamoto directed by Wim Wenders.
 A Boy and His Samurai (ちょんまげぷりん Chonmage Purin Chonmage Pudding) is a 2010 Japanese time travel comedy film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura.
 John and the Missus is a 1986 Canadian drama film. The film was directed by and starred Gordon Pinsent who wrote the screenplay from his 1974 novel of the same name.
 Sahibaan is a 1993 romantic film of Bollywood. The film features Sanjay Dutt and Madhuri Dixit and Rishi Kapoor in lead roles.
 Boop-Oop-a-Doop is an animated short film created by the Fleischer Studios in 1932 as part of the Talkartoon series.
 Hard to Get is a 1929 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Dorothy Mackaill Charles Delaney and James Finlayson. A dress shop employee falls in love with a millionaire.
 Number One (Telugu: నెంబర్ వన్) is a 1994 Telugu film written and directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy. The film stars Krishna and Soundarya in lead roles.
 Fatty's Debut is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Chita is a 2005 Bengali action film. A revenge tale with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 Aattanayagann (English: Man of the match) is an Indian Tamil action-comedy film written and directed by debutante Krishnaram starring Sakthi Adithya and Remya Nambeeshan in lead and Ravi Kale Santhanam Meera Vasudevan and R. Sundarrajan in supporting roles. It released on December 17 2010 to negative reviews.
 Vakkalathu Narayanankutty is a 2001 Malayalam film co-written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram Manya Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead. It was actor Bobby Kottarakkara's last film. It was during the shooting of this film that Bobby Kottarakkara died leaving the team to continue the shooting without him. The film had an average performance in the box office.
 Deep Water is a documentary film directed by Jerry Rothwell and Louise Osmond produced by Jonny Persey opening in the UK on 15 December 2006. It is based on the true story of Donald Crowhurst and the 1969 Sunday Times Golden Globe Race round the world alone in a yacht.The film has received critical acclaim. The official poster quotes The Daily Telegraph A movie which will reduce the hardest of hearts to a shipwreck.
 La Murga is a 1963 Argentine film.
 Hannibal – Rome's Worst Nightmare is a 2006 television film presented as a dramatised documentary made by the British Broadcasting Corporation. It was narrated by Kenneth Cranham.The film is chiefly centred on the Italian campaign of Hannibal the famous Carthaginian general during the Second Punic War.
 Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 38th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and the sequel to the 1940 film Fantasia. As with its predecessor the film consists of animated segments set to pieces of classical music with The Sorcerer's Apprentice being the only segment that is featured in both films.
 It's You I Want is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Seymour Hicks Marie Lohr and Hugh Wakefield. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios. The film's sets were designed by Norman Arnold.
 Play Dirty is a 1969 British war film starring Michael Caine Nigel Green and Harry Andrews. It was directed by Andre De Toth based on a screenplay by Melvyn Bragg and Lotte Colin. The film's story is inspired by the exploits of units such as the Long Range Desert Group Popski's Private Army and the SAS in North Africa during World War II.
 The Trotsky is a 2009 Canadian comedy film directed by Jacob Tierney.
 Shipbreakers (2004) is a documentary film.
 Captain Thunder (1930) is an all-talking pre-code historical costume drama film which was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and released late in 1930. The film was directed by Alan Crosland and stars Victor Varconi in his first full-length all-talking feature. The film was based on a story The Gay Caballero which was written by Pierre Couderc and Hal Davitt.
 Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones is a 2014 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Christopher B. Landon. The film was released on January 3 2014 in United States. It is a spin-off of the Paranormal Activity film series and the fifth installment of the series. It is also Landon's second directorial film after Burning Palms.
 Idoli controluce is a 1965 Italian film directed by Enzo Battaglia.
 Robot Chicken: Star Wars (also known as Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode I) is a 2007 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken airing as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block on June 17 2007. It was released on DVD on July 22 2008.
 Mickey's Mellerdrammer is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.
 The Big Noise is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Alastair Sim Norah Howard and Fred Duprez. The film was a quota quickie made at Wembley Studios by the Hollywood studio Fox's British subsidiary.
 100 Feet is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Eric Red and starring Famke Janssen Bobby Cannavale Ed Westwick and Michael Paré.
 My Life's on the Line (aka 60 Second Assassin in the West) is a 1978 Taiwanese martial arts film directed by Chester Wong.
 Nemesis is a 1992 science fiction film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Olivier Gruner and Tim Thomerson. It is the first installment in the Nemesis film series.
 Excursion to the Moon (French: Excursion dans la lune) is a 1908 French silent film directed by Segundo de Chomón. The production was supervised by Ferdinand Zecca designed by V. Lorant-Heilbronn and released by Pathé Frères.
 Nudist Colony of the Dead is a 1991 horror-comedy musical film written and directed by Mark Pirro (who has also worked under the names Marky Dolittle and Marky Elfman). The film was shot on Super-8 film and produced on a budget of $35000.
 Lupo the Butcher is a 1987 three-minute animated short comedy film directed and written by Danny Antonucci. The short follows the story of a psychotic butcher who has a huge temper and swears at his meat when the smallest things go wrong. Produced by Marv Newland's International Rocketship Limited Lupo the Butcher was a successful short and has earned itself a cult following.
 The Beach Boys: Nashville Sounds is documentary film that features studio footage of the making of American rock band the Beach Boys' twenty-eighth studio album Stars and Stripes Vol. 1. The film features interviews with participants of the project.
 A Tanítónő is a 1945 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Shorty is a 2000 film produced by Noontide Filmworks written produced and directed by Jon Chang. The story follows Russell aka shorty a modern urban Cyrano afflicted by his lack of height. shorty is played by Andre Canty with Michele Persley as Venus and Frank Mayers as Eric.
 I Killed Rasputin (French: J'ai tué Raspoutine) is a 1967 Italo-Franco biographical film directed by Robert Hossein. Gert Fröbe stars as the main subject Grigori Rasputin. It is based on the work Lost Splendor by Felix Yusupov a nobleman and participant in the murder of Rasputin. The script was approved by Yusupov and he also agreed to appear in the film. In the introductory interview of the film Yussupov demonstrated that his loathing for Rasputin remained undiminished.
 Three Men on a Horse is a 1936 comedy film adapted from the Broadway play of the same name written by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. A mild-mannered greeting card poet has the uncanny ability to pick winners in horse races.
 All My Lenins (Estonian: Minu Leninid Russian: Все мои Ленины) 1997 is Hardi Volmer's historical comedy. The topics are Russian bolsheviks' coup d'etat plans World War I and Russian Revolution (1917).
 Janwar (Animal or Wild) is a Bollywood film released on 1 January 1965 starring Shammi Kapoor Rajendernath Rajshree and Asit Sen. The movie was produced by Hardeep and directed by Bhappi Sonie. The music is by Shankar Jaikishan are lyrics by Hasrat Jaipuri.
 The Ugly is a 1997 New Zealand horror film the first feature directed and written by Scott Reynolds. The film starred Paolo Rotondo Rebecca Hobbs Jennifer Ward-Lealand and Roy Ward. The film is about a psychiatrist that is meeting with a serial killer to determine whether or not he has been successfully cured. They delve into a journey through his past and his victims and through this The Ugly a distorted allusion to the The Ugly Duckling is revealed.
 Im Sonderauftrag (English-language title: Special Mission) is an East German black-and-white film directed by Heinz Thiel. It was released in 1959.
 Pendekar Bujang Lapok (The Three Bachelor Warriors) is a 1959 Singaporean comedy film directed by P. Ramlee. It is the second in the Bujang Lapok series of films and stars the Bujang Lapok trio of P. Ramlee S.
 Checkered Flag or Crash is a 1977 film about off-road racing through the Philippines jungle starring Joe Don Baker and Susan Sarandon and featuring Larry Hagman Alan Vint and Parnelli Jones. It was written by Michael Allin and directed by Alan Gibson.
 The Man from Snowy River is a 1982 Australian drama film based on the Banjo Paterson poem The Man from Snowy River. The film had a cast including Kirk Douglas in a dual role as the brothers Harrison (a character who appeared frequently in Paterson's poems) and Spur a prospector Jack Thompson as Clancy Tom Burlinson as Jim Craig (The Man) Sigrid Thornton as Harrison's daughter Jessica Terence Donovan as Jim's father Henry Craig and Chris Haywood as Curly.
 Jungle Woman is a 1944 horror film released by Universal Pictures. The movie features Evelyn Ankers J. Carrol Naish Samuel S. Hinds Lois Collier Milburn Stone Douglass Dumbrille and Acquanetta. This is in effect a sequel to Captive Wild Woman and was followed by The Jungle Captive.
 Waking Sleeping Beauty is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Disney film producer Don Hahn and produced by Hahn and former Disney executive Peter Schneider.
 I Spit on Your Rave was the title for a planned 2010 film production by Film4 and Warp Films who in 2009 released a trailer to promote their mockumentary zombie comedy horror film starring Noel Fielding. It was written and directed by Chris Boyle and recorded during the 2009 Big Chill Music Festival at an event recorded by Guinness Book of World Records for breaking the record for Most Amount of Zombies Captured on Camera.
 Naomi & Wynonna: Love Can Build a Bridge was a 1995 television miniseries about the mother-daughter country music duo The Judds directed by Bobby Roth and initially broadcast by NBC on May 14–15 1995.
 Patti Smith: Dream of Life is a 2008 documentary film about Patti Smith directed by Steven Sebring. It was presented at Berlin International Film Festival. The movie won the Excellence in Cinematography Award: Documentary at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and aired on the PBS series P.O.V. on December 30 2009.A Patti Smith: Dream of Life app for the iPad was published in May 2011.
 The Scout is a 1994 comedy film starring Brendan Fraser and Albert Brooks and directed by Michael Ritchie the director of The Bad News Bears.
 Here is a 2011 American drama adventure film directed by Braden King who also co-wrote the movie with Dani Valent. The film stars Ben Foster and Lubna Azabal.
 El Festín de Satanás is a 1958 Argentine film.
 Emanuelle's Revenge (Italian title Emanuelle e Françoise le sorelline) also known as Blood Vengeance Demon Rage and Blood Rage is a 1975 horror film directed by Joe D'Amato.It marks something of a watershed film for the director as he made his first entry into the popular Emanuelle series and also because he combined sex with extreme violence. The following year he began making the Black Emanuelle series with Laura Gemser.
 Four is a British independent film directed by John Langridge and released in 2011.
 Kamen Rider Den-O & Kiva The Movie: Climax Deka (劇場版 仮面ライダー電王&キバ クライマックス刑事（デカ） Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Den'ō ando Kiba Kuraimakkusu Deka Masked Rider Den-O & Kiva The Movie: Climax Detectives) is a Japanese tokusatsu film in the Kamen Rider franchise. Climax Deka is the second film to feature the characters of the television drama Kamen Rider Den-O and the first to feature the characters of Kamen Rider Kiva.
 Nala Damayanthi is a 2003 Tamil comedy film directed by Mouli and written and produced by Kamal Hassan. The film stars Madhavan in the lead role with Geetu Mohandas and Shrutika playing supporting roles. The film released in June 2003. The Hindu called the film a decent offering.Plot of this movie is said to be inspired from English film Green Card (film)
 The Mark of Cain is a 2000 documentary film on Russian criminal tattoos directed by Alix Lambert.
 Baanam (English: Arrow) is a Tollywood film which released on September 16 2009. This film stars Nara Rohith and Vedika in the lead roles. Chaitanya Dantuluri directed this film and Priyanka Dutt produced this film on Three Angels Studio Pvt Ltd Banner. The film was a debut for Nara Rohith as lead actor and Chaitanya Dantuluri as director. The Movie was an average at the box office but brought some praises for the film-makers and got so many critics.
 Maanikya (Kannada: ಮಾಣಿಕ್ಯ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep V. Ravichandran Varalaxmi Sharathkumar and Ranya in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the Telugu film Mirchi (2013) which was directed and written by Koratala Siva. Maanikya is the second costliest film made in Kannada and released on May 1st 2014 got positive responses from audience and critics and got a magnificent opening at the Box Office.
 Polonia-Ekspreß is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa is a 2013 American hidden camera comedy film directed by Jeff Tremaine and written by Tremaine Spike Jonze and Johnny Knoxville. It is the fourth installment in the Jackass film series. The film stars Johnny Knoxville and Jackson Nicoll. It was produced by MTV Films and Dickhouse Productions and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was released on October 25 2013.
 The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a 2004 American traditional animated adventure comedy film based on the Nickelodeon television series SpongeBob SquarePants. The film was directed and produced by series creator Stephen Hillenburg with the television cast (Tom Kenny Bill Fagerbakke Clancy Brown Rodger Bumpass and Mr. Lawrence) and guest performances by Scarlett Johansson Jeffrey Tambor Alec Baldwin and David Hasselhoff.
 Vox populi is a 2008 Dutch political satire comedy film written and directed by Eddy Terstall. The lead roles are played by Tom Jansen Tara Elders and Johnny de Mol. Ton Kas won a Golden Calf Award for Best Supporting Actor.Together with Simon in 2004 and SEXtet in 2007 it is part of a trilogy about contemporary Dutch society. It received mainly average reviews.
 Mee Sindhutai Sapkal (Marathi: मी सिंधुताई सपकाळ; English: I Am Sindhutai Sapkal) is an Indian Marathi film. The film was directed by Ananth Narayan Mahadevan. The film stars Tejaswini Pandit Jyoti Chandekar Upendra Limaye Neena Kulkarni in leading roles.
 Girls Aloud: Ten Years at the Top is a documentary released to coincide with the tenth anniversary of British all-female pop group Girls Aloud. The documentary follows Girls Aloud from their formation on the ITV reality television programme Popstars: The Rivals to their reunion after a three-year hiatus.
 Come-Back! is a 1981 Dutch drama film directed by Jonne Severijn. The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Flock is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Andrew Lau the co-director of the Infernal Affairs trilogy. The film which marks his first English-language film stars Richard Gere and Claire Danes.
 Season is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Padmarajan starring Mohanlal and Gavin Packard in lead roles. The film though a failure at the box office stands apart because of Padmarajan's story-telling style realistic portrayal of drug trade in Kovalam and flawless performance of Mohanlal and is considered now as a cult classic.
 El evangelio de las maravillas (The Gospel of the Marvels) is a 1998 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Ripstein. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Spur of the Moment is a 1931 Australian film directed by A.R. Harwood. It was one of the first Australian talking movies.
 Falešný hráč is a 1913 Austro-Hungarian drama film directed by Jaroslav Hurt.
 Year One is a 2009 comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and produced by Judd Apatow. The film stars Jack Black and Michael Cera and features Christopher Mintz-Plasse and Hank Azaria. The film was released in North America on June 19 2009 by Columbia Pictures. The film would be Ramis' last as an actor writer and director before his death in 2014.
 Doraha a Pakistani Urdu black & white film is a classic romantic and melodious film of the 1960s and a remarkable film of Pervaiz Malik's and Waheed Murad's careers. At box office the film failed to became a big hit as it was expected but it later gained more its importance after several years esp. during the 1980s and 1990s. The film was produced by Sohail Rana and Pervaiz Malik and also directed by Pervaiz Malik.
 Arizona Sky is a 2008 independent gay-themed romantic drama that was written directed and produced by Jeff London. Filmed in Lake Havasu City Arizona and Bakersfield California in the spirit of Brokeback Mountain Arizona Sky follows the lives of two young men from rural America who fall in love as teenagers and find a way to rekindle that love later in life.
 The Big One is a movie filmed in 1996—and released in 1998 by Miramax Films—by Michael Moore during his promotion tour around the United States for his book Downsize This!. Through the 47 towns he visits Moore discovers and describes American economic failings and the fear of unemployment of the American workers.
 Dragon Lord (Chinese: 龍少爺) is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. It was originally supposed to be a sequel to The Young Master and even had the name Young Master in Love until it was changed to Dragon Lord.
 The Prodigal Son (Chinese: 敗家仔) is a 1981 Hong Kong martial arts action film starring Yuen Biao and directed by Sammo Hung who also co-stars in the film. The film was released on 22 December 1981 and grossed HK$ 9150729. The film was nominated for two Hong Kong Film Awards and won the award for Best Action choreography.The film tells the story of Leung Chang the son of wealthy man who is half-heartedly studying kung fu.
 Tales from Beyond is a horror anthology featuring four short stories as told to a couple who wander into a strange bookstore.
 New York I Love You is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama anthology consisting of eleven short films each by a different director. The short films all relate in some way to the subject of love and are set among the five boroughs of New York City. The film is a sequel of sorts to the 2006 film Paris je t'aime which had the same structure and is the second film in the Cities of Love franchise created and produced by Emmanuel Benbihy.
 Boiling Point (３－４Ｘ１０月 (san(3) tai yon(4) ekkusu jugatsu literally: 3 to 4x October) is a 1990 Japanese film written directed and co-starring Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano. It was his second film as director and first film as a screenwriter. While Boiling Point is regarded by some American online reviewers as one of the weaker efforts from Beat Takeshi it is seen as an important first step in his development as a director.
 HalloweeNight is a 2009 low-budget horror film who was directed by Mark Polonia of the indie film duo the Polonia brothers and longtime collaborator Matt Satterly.[citation needed]
 Holy Week (Polish: Wielki tydzień) is a 1995 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 Cafe Metropole is a 1937 drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith starring Loretta Young Tyrone Power and Adolphe Menjou.
 Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya (English Translation: If you loved someone don't be afraid) is a 1998 Indian Bollywood romantic comedy film. Written and directed by Sohail Khan the film stars his real-life brothers Salman Khan and Arbaaz Khan alongside Kajol and Dharmendra in pivotal roles.
 The Apostle is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Robert Duvall who stars in the title role. John Beasley Farrah Fawcett Billy Bob Thornton June Carter Cash Miranda Richardson and Billy Joe Shaver also appear.
 Everybody Does It is a 1949 comedy film starring Paul Douglas Linda Darnell and Celeste Holm.In the film a businessman's wife tries to become an opera star failing miserably due to her lack of talent. When it turns out that her totally untrained husband is found to have a marvelous singing voice and goes on tour under an assumed name his wife is livid.Darnell sings long stretches of an imaginary opera L'Amore di Fatima. The music for it was written by Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco.
 Cordelia the Magnificent was an American silent film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Clara Kimball Young. It is now believed to be a lost film.
 Bheeshmar is a 2003 Tamil crime film directed by Ranjith making his directorial debut. The film features Ranjith and Devayani in lead roles. The film produced by Ranjith's wife Priya Raman had musical score by S. P. Venkatesh and was released on 27 September 2003.
 Thodakkam is a thriller Tamil film starring Raghu Vannan and Moniga directed by Muthukumar. Prior to release the film was known as Arambam. The film opened to poor reviews and there were controversies about the director who cheated on the artist's salaries and bullying his assistants.
 Minnunnathellam Ponnalla (Malayalam: മിന്നുന്നതെല്ലാം പൊന്നല്ല English: Everything That Glitters Is Not Gold) is a 1957 Indian Malayalamaction film directed by R. Velappan Nair based on Raj Khosla's 1956 film CID and starring Sathyan P. K. Sathyapal and Kumari Thankam.
 Bright Eyes is a 1929 British-Austrian romance film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Betty Balfour Jack Trevor and Fritz Greiner. It is also known under the alternative title of Champagner.The film was a co-production between British International Pictures and Sascha-Film. Bolváry directed the film after travelling to Britain to make The Wrecker and stayed on to make another film The Vagabond Queen before returning to Germany.
 The Dragon Chronicles – The Maidens also known as The Maidens of Heavenly Mountains Semi-Gods and Semi-Devils and The Dragon Chronicles – The Maidens of Heavenly Mountains is a 1994 Hong Kong film loosely based on Louis Cha's novel Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils. The film's plot centers on the story of Hui-juk one of the three protagonists of the novel. The film was directed by Andy Chin and starred Brigitte Lin Gong Li Sharla Cheung Frankie Lam and Norman Chu.
 The Spirit of St. Louis is a 1957 biographical film directed by Billy Wilder and starring James Stewart as Charles Lindbergh. The screenplay was adapted by Charles Lederer Wendell Mayes and Billy Wilder from Lindbergh's 1953 autobiographical account of his historic flight which won the Pulitzer Prize in 1954. Along with reminiscences of his early days in aviation the film depicts Lindbergh's historic 33-hour transatlantic flight in the Spirit of St.
 Eat the Document is a documentary of Bob Dylan's 1966 tour of the United Kingdom with the Hawks. It was shot under Dylan's direction by D. A. Pennebaker whose groundbreaking documentary Dont Look Back [sic] chronicled Dylan's 1965 British tour. The film was originally commissioned for the ABC television series Stage '66.Though shooting had completed for the film Dylan's July 1966 motorcycle accident delayed the editing process. Once well enough to work again Dylan edited the film himself.
 En Rasavin Manasile is a 1991 Tamil drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja. The film features Rajkiran and Meena in lead roles. The film produced by Rajkiran had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 13 April 1991. The film had a silver jubilee run and gave a break to Rajkiran and Meena. Vadivelu made his acting debut with this film. The film was later remade in Telugu as Moratodu Naa Mogudu starring Dr. Rajasekhar and Meena reprising her role from the original.
 Oru Modhal Oru Kadhal is a 2014 Tamil language romantic-comedy film written and directed by T. G. Keerthi Kumar and produced by RR under the banner of Kandan Gearup Entertainment.This complete family entertainer film has Vivek Rajgopal who played the role of Karthik and Megha Burman the lead heroine is a Mumbai based model who has already done ad films for many leading brands.It is loosely based on the love story of director and his wife.
 Conspiracy Theory is a 1997 American action thriller film directed by Richard Donner.The original screenplay by Brian Helgeland centers on an eccentric taxi driver (Mel Gibson) who believes many world events are triggered by government conspiracies and the U.S. Justice Department attorney (Julia Roberts) who becomes involved in his life.The movie was a financial success but critical reviews were mixed.
 Pyara Watan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 New World Order is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Luke Meyer and Andrew Neel. It explores conspiracy theorists who are committed to vigorously opposing what they believe to be an emerging New World Order.
 In Old California is a silent movie filmed in 1910. It was the first movie shot in Hollywood California. It was directed by D. W. Griffith of the Biograph Company (then based in New York New York). The film is a melodrama about the Mexican era of California.
 Jucy is an Australian comedy feature film produced in 2010 about the womance between two best female friends. The film was written by Stephen Vagg directed by Louise Alston and produced by Kelly Chapman. It is the second in a planned quarter life crisis trilogy from Vagg and Alston following the 2007 romantic comedy All My Friends Are Leaving Brisbane.
 Beaches (also known as Forever Friends) is a 1988 American comedy-drama film adapted by Mary Agnes Donoghue from the Iris Rainer Dart novel of the same name. It was directed by Garry Marshall and stars Bette Midler Barbara Hershey John Heard James Read Spalding Gray and Lainie Kazan.The film's theme song Hot 100 #1 Wind Beneath My Wings won Grammy awards for Record of the Year and Song of the Year in 1990.
 Aayiram Jenmangal is a Tamil film is directed by Durai starring Vijayakumar Latha and Rajinikanth in the lead roles. It was the first horror film of Rajinikanth. The movie was a hit at the box office.
 Ahsaas is a 1979 Hindi film produced by G. P. Sippy and directed by Surinder Suri. The film introduced Parvez and Dina in lead roles and also starred Shashi Kapoor Simi Garewal Amjad Khan Bindu Simple Kapadia and Shammi Kapoor. There are guest appearances by Amitabh Bachchan and Bindiya Goswami. The films music is by Bappi Lahiri. Playback singer: Kishore Kumar.
 Papá Corazón se quiere casar is a 1974 Argentine film.
 The Living End is a 1992 American comedy-drama film by Gregg Araki. Described by some critics as a gay Thelma and Louise the film is an early entry in the New Queer Cinema genre. The Living End was nominated for a Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival in 1992.
 Instant Mommy is a 2013 Filipino drama-comedy film written and directed by Leo Abaya. The film stars Eugene Domingo as Bechayda a woman who pretends to be pregnant just to keep her Japanese fiancé played by Yuki Matsuzaki. The film competed under the New Breed section of Cinemalaya 2013.
 The Billion Dollar Bubble is a 1976 film made for the BBC series Horizon and directed by Brian Gibson about the story of the two billion dollar insurance embezzlement scheme involving Equity Funding Corporation of America. The movie stars James Woods in the role of the actuary.
 The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex is a 1939 American historical romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Bette Davis Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the play Elizabeth the Queen by Maxwell Anderson—which had a successful run on Broadway with Lynn Fontanne and Alfred Lunt in the lead roles—the film is about the historical relationship between Queen Elizabeth I and Robert Devereux 2nd Earl of Essex.
 The Sperm (Thai: อสุจ๊าก or Asujaak) is a 2007 Thai science fiction comedy film directed by Taweewat Wantha.
 Ghosts of Chosun (informal title: A Ghost Story of Joseon Dynasty) (Hangul: 이조괴담; RR: Ijogoedam) is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok.
 Malcolm X is a 1992 American biographical drama film about the African-American activist Malcolm X. Directed and co-written by Spike Lee the film stars Denzel Washington Angela Bassett Albert Hall Al Freeman Jr. and Delroy Lindo. Lee has a supporting role as Shorty a character based partially on real-life acquaintance Malcolm Shorty Jarvis a fellow criminal and jazz trumpeter. Black Panther Party co-founder Bobby Seale the Rev.
 Snow Kid (Chinese: 雪孩子) is a 1980 Chinese animated film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Snow Child. It was written by Jì Hóng and directed by Lín Wénxiāo.
 El Acompañamiento (English language:The Supporter) is a 1991 Argentine musical drama film directed and written by Carlos Orgambide. The musical was based on a play by Carlos Gorostiza.
 Don't Answer the Phone! is a 1980 low-budget cult classic horror thriller film directed by Robert Hammer written by Hammer and Michael D. Castle.
 Rasili is a Indian film released in 1946.
 Hard Luck Hero is a 2003 Japanese film written and directed by Japanese film director Sabu to showcase the Japanese boy band V6. The film involves usual Sabu elements such as high-speed car chases and yakuza.
 The Smuggler's Cave is a 1915 short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 The Last Seduction II is a 1999 neo-noir film directed by Terry Marcel and starring Joan Severance. The film is a sequel to The Last Seduction and features none of the original cast.
 Days of Tomorrow (天長地久) is a 1993 Hong Kong romance film written and directed by Jeffrey Lau starring Andy Lau and Deanie Yip.
 Les Misérables is a 1998 film adaptation of Victor Hugo's 1862 novel of the same name directed by Bille August. It stars Liam Neeson Geoffrey Rush Uma Thurman and Claire Danes.As in the original novel the storyline follows the adult life of Jean Valjean (Liam Neeson) an ex-convict (paroled following 19 years of hard labor for stealing bread) pursued by police Inspector Javert (Geoffrey Rush). It was filmed at Barrandov Studios in Prague.
 Outside the Law is a 1930 crime film directed by Tod Browning and starring Edward G. Robinson. The picture is a remake of the 1920 film of the same name starring Lon Chaney and also directed by Browning.
 The Rendezvous (約束 Yakusoku) is a 1972 Japanese film directed by Kōichi Saitō. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Saint Ralph is a 2004 Canadian drama film written and directed by Michael McGowan. Its central character is a teenage boy who trains for the 1954 Boston Marathon in the hope a victory will be the miracle his mother needs to awaken from a coma.The film premiered at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival and was given a theatrical release in 2005.
 Nagarangalil Chennu Raparkam (Malayalam: നഗരങ്ങളില്‍ ചെന്ന് രാപാര്കം) is a 1989 Malayalam comedy film starring Sreenivasan Suresh Gopi and Jayaram. It was written by Ranjith and directed by Viji Thampi.The movie was well received by Critics & Audienceespecially the performances of Suresh GopiSreenivasan & Thilakan
 A French Mistress is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Cecil Parker James Robertson Justice Agnès Laurent Ian Bannen Raymond Huntley Irene Handl and Thorley Walters.It is based on a stage play The French Mistress by Robert Monro first produced in 1959 at the Theatre Royal Windsor starring Sonnie Hale.
 Flair is a 1990 Australian mini series about an American designer who wants to break into the Australian fashion industry.
 Phantom of the Opera is a 1943 Universal horror film starring Nelson Eddy Susanna Foster and Claude Rains directed by Arthur Lubin and filmed in Technicolor. The original music score was composed by Edward Ward loosely based on the novel The Phantom of the Opera by Gaston Leroux. The movie is a remake of the 1925 film starring Lon Chaney.The auditorium set a replica of the Opéra Garnier interior created for the 1925 film The Phantom of the Opera was reused.
 Nuregami kenpō (濡れ髪剣法 Nuregami kenpō) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Bin Kado.
 The Camel's Dance (Chinese: 骆驼献舞) is a black and white Chinese animation made in 1935 by 3 of the Wan brothers. It is considered the first animation with sound in China.
 Somebody Loves Me is a 1952 film starring Betty Hutton.
 These Charming People is a 1931 British drama film directed by Louis Mercanton and starring Cyril Maude Godfrey Tearle and Nora Swinburne. It was based on a play by Michael Arlen.
 Song of Russia is a 1944 American war film made and distributed by MGM Studios. The picture was credited as being directed by Gregory Ratoff though Ratoff collapsed near the end of the five-month production and was replaced by László Benedek who completed principal photography; the credited screenwriters were Paul Jarrico and Richard J. Collins.
 Dooram Arike is a 1980 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Jeassy starring M. G. Soman Sukumaran Srividya Ambika and K. P. Ummer.
 Me and You and Everyone We Know is a 2005 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Miranda July (her directorial debut) and stars July John Hawkes Miles Thompson Brandon Ratcliff Natasha Slayton Najarra Townsend Carlie Westerman and JoNell Kennedy.
 Come to the Stable is a 1949 American film which tells the story of two French nuns who come to a small New England town and involve the townsfolk in helping them to build a children's hospital. It stars Loretta Young Celeste Holm Hugh Marlowe Elsa Lanchester Thomas Gomez Dooley Wilson and Regis Toomey.The movie was based on a short story written by Clare Boothe Luce and the screenplay was written by Sally Benson Clare Boothe Luce and Oscar Millard.
 8213: Gacy House or Paranormal Entity 2: Gacy House is a 2010 American horror film by The Asylum. The film is directed by Anthony Fankhauser and serves as a loose prequel to The Asylum's 2009 film Paranormal Entity and a mockbuster of the film Paranormal Activity 2.
 Best of the Badmen is a 1951 western adventure film directed by William D. Russell that is set in Missouri during the post-American Civil War period. It stars Robert Ryan Claire Trevor and Robert Preston. It was a loose follow-up to Return of the Bad Men (1948).
 They Looked Alike is a 1915 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Beyond the Sea is a 2004 biographical film based on the life of singer/actor Bobby Darin.
 Aruna Raaga (Kannada: ಅರುಣರಾಗ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada-language action drama film starring Ananth Nag and Geetha in the lead roles. The film is directed by K. V. Jayaram and based on the novel of the same name written by Rekha Kakhandaki. It is produced under Jayadurga Films banner. The film upon release met with positive reviews. The music was scored by M. Ranga Rao.
 Shubhodayam (Telugu: శుభోదయం) is a 1980 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath. It is remade in Hindi language as Kaamchor in 1982 starring Rakesh Roshan and Jaya Prada.
 Benjamin Franklin is a 1974 American television miniseries that chronicles the life of Benjamin Franklin. It was broadcast by CBS. It won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series.
 Santa Claus is a 1898 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith which features Santa Claus visiting a house on Christmas Eve.
 Belli Moda (Kannada: ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ಮೋಡ) is a 1966 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal. Belli Moda literally means 'silver cloud'. It was based on a novel Belli Moda by the acclaimed Kannada writer Triveni.
 1996: Pust på meg! also known as simply Pust på meg is a 1997 Norwegian drama film directed by Eva Dahr Oddvar Einarson Mona J. Hoel Marius Holst and Eva Isaksen and starring Krister Henriksson Frits Helmuth Stina Ekblad Erik Hivju and Bjørn Sundquist. Four different scenes are being played out in an apartment in Oslo one day in April 1996.
 It's A Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie is a 2002 NBC television special directed by Kirk Thatcher and written by Tom Martin and Jim Lewis and stars Whoopi Goldberg David Arquette Joan Cusack the cast of Scrubs and The Muppets. The plot centres on Kermit the Frog who is assisted by an angel after loses all hope for saving the Muppet Theatre by showing him a world in which he had never been born.
 The Scarlet Letter is a 2004 South Korean film about a police detective who investigates a murder case while struggling to hang onto his relationships with his wife and mistress. It is the second film by La Femis-graduate and academic Byun Hyuk (Daniel H. Byun) and starred Han Suk-kyu Lee Eun-ju Sung Hyun-ah and Uhm Ji-won.
 Zill-e-Shah is a Pakistani film in the language of Punjabi the sequel to blockbuster movie Majajan.
 The Tale of a Shirt is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster. It is a comedy about a man on holiday (Charles Russell) who learns he is not as old as he thought. Only a few fragments of the film survive.
 'n Saak van Geloof is a South African Afrikaans-language drama film directed by Diony Kempen and released on 9 September 2011.
 The Shock is a 1923 film directed by Lambert Hillyer and starring Lon Chaney as a cripple named Wilse Dilling. The film was based on a story by William Dudley Pelley. This is one of the few Chaney films where he gets the girl.
 The Cabin is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith for the Hallmark Movie Channel.
 Metti is a 1982 Tamil Indian feature film directed by J. Mahendran. It stars Sarath Babu Raadhika Rajesh and Vadivukkarasi in the lead roles.
 Blue Collar Comedy Tour: One for the Road is a 2006 television film and two-disc CD album.
 Ek Aur Sikander is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Bhaskar Shetty starring Mithun Chakraborty Rati Agnihotri Anita Raj Amrish Puri and Rakesh Roshan.
 Pasand Apni Apni is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee starring Ashok Kumar Mithun Chakraborty Utpal Dutt Rati Agnihotri Subbiraj Mithilesh Chaturvedi Javed Khan and A K Hangal.
 Oasis of Fear (Italian: Un posto ideale per uccidere  also known as An Ideal Place for Murder and Dirty Pictures) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi.
 The Phantom Cowboy is a 1935 American film directed by Robert J. Horner.
 Minchina Ota is a 2008 Kannada film directed by M. R. Ramesh and produced by S. R. Govind. It stars Lakshmi Rai Vijay Raghavendra and Sri Murali in the lead roles. Music was composed by V. Manohar and background score by Dharma Vish. The film released statewide on 10 July 2008. The movie is inspired by the 1971 Hollywood film Duel.
 Squizzy Taylor is a 1982 Australian drama film based on the life of Melbourne gangster Squizzy Taylor directed by Kevin James Dobson and starring David Atkins Jackie Weaver and Alan Cassell.
 El Misterio de Huracán Ramírez (The Mystery of Hurricane Ramirez) is a 1962 black-and-white Mexican Lucha film directed and co-written by Joselito Rodríguez. The film is a sequel to Rodríguez's 1952 film Huracán Ramírez with David Silva reprising his role as Fernando Torres. Other returning cast members include Tonina Jackson Carmelita González Titina Romay and Freddy Fernández.
 A Test of Violence is a 1969 BAFTA nominated British short film directed by Stuart Cooper. Stuart Cooper's short about the work of Spanish artist Juan Genovés is an inspired introduction to the works of this extraordinary artist exploring it's minimalist aesthetic and storytelling qualities through a variety of cinematic techniques including rostrum animation news footage and live action recreations. The film went on to win awards at the Berlin Cork Edinburgh and Melbourne film festivals.
 Mary Christmas is a 2002 American Christmas movie written by Stanley M. Brooks and Betty G. Birney. It was directed jistars John Schneider. In the movie Joel Wallace Schneider's character is a widower raising a nine-year-old daughter Felice. In her Christmas letter to Santa Claus Felice wishes for a new mommy for Christmas.
 Azhakiya Ravanan (English: Popinjay) is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and written by Sreenivasan. Starring Mammootty Bhanupriya Sreenivasan Innocent Biju Menon Rajan P. Dev and Cochin Haneefa. The music is composed by Vidyasagar. The film is a rag-to-riches story of Shankar Das (Mammootty) who eventually gets drunk on his success.
 Satan's Harvest is a 1970 South African film directed by George Montgomery who also starred in the film with Tippi Hedren.After inheriting a farm in South Africa Cutter Murdock an American private detective travels to South Africa to claim his inheritance and almost immediately finds himself in serious danger.
 The Arcadians is a 1927 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Ben Blue Jeanne De Casalis and Vesta Sylva. It is an adaptation of the musical The Arcadians. It is considered a lost film and is on the BFI 75 Most Wanted list of missing films. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
 The Hungry Actors is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Newman's Law is a 1974 film directed by Richard T. Heffron. It stars George Peppard and Roger Robinson.
 Alaska Seas is a 1954 American crime drama film directed by Jerry Hopper and starring Robert Ryan and Brian Keith. It is a remake of the 1938 film Spawn of the North.
 Kranti is a 2002 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Malhotra. It stars Vinod Khanna Bobby Deol Ameesha Patel Rati Agnihotri Kabir Bedi and Dalip Tahil.
 Turn the River is a film that was written and directed by Chris Eigeman. The film debuted at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 17 2007.
 Three Blind Mice is a 2008 feature film written directed by and starring Matthew Newton. It is the second film directed by Matthew Newton and premiered at Sydney Film Festival in 2008. To date it has screened at over fourteen international and Australian festivals.
 Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 American crime film that depicts the events before and after a botched diamond heist but not the heist itself. The film was the debut of director and writer Quentin Tarantino and stars an ensemble cast—Harvey Keitel Tim Roth Chris Penn Steve Buscemi Lawrence Tierney and Michael Madsen. Tarantino and criminal-turned-author Edward Bunker have minor roles.
 The Gun Ranger is a 1936 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Footloose is a 2011 American dance film directed by Craig Brewer. It is a remake of the 1984 film of the same name and stars Kenny Wormald Julianne Hough Andie MacDowell and Dennis Quaid. The film follows a young man who moves from Boston to a small southern town and protests the town's ban against dancing.Filming took place from September to November 2010 in Georgia. It was released in Australia and New Zealand on October 6 2011 and in North America on October 14 2011.
 Little Orphant Annie was a film adaptation of the famous and beloved James Whitcomb Riley poem of the same title produced by William Selig and starring Colleen Moore in her first starring role just one year after her arrival in Hollywood.
 Anokha Milan in a 1972 Hindi film produced by R. J. Vazirani and directed by Jagganath Chatterjee. The film stars Dharmendra Pronati Ghosh and Dilip Kumar. The films music is by Salil Choudhury.
 Kirai Dada is a 1987 Telugu film drama directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy
 Diplomacy is a 1926 American silent mystery film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The movie is an update of the 19th century play Diplomacy by Victorien Sardou. Marshall Neilan directs his then wife Blanche Sweet who stars. A copy of the film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Bliss is a 1985 Australian film directed by Ray Lawrence co-adapted by Lawrence and Peter Carey author of the original novel Bliss from which it is adapted.It starred Barry Otto who at the time was best known in Sydney for his theatre work and Lynette Curran a veteran star of Australian stage TV and film and a former co-star of the popular ABC soap opera Bellbird.
 Mameshiba Ichirō 3D (マメシバ一郎　３Ｄ) is a 2012 Japanese 3D film directed by Tōru Kamei.
 El diablo con faldas is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed by Ivo Pelay. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 The Inner Circle is a 1991 drama film by Russian director Andrei Konchalovsky telling the story of Joseph Stalin's private projectionist and KGB officer Ivan Sanchin between 1939 and 1953 Stalin's year of death. Sanchin is played by Tom Hulce and the film co-stars Lolita Davidovitch and Bob Hoskins. The film is based on a true story and is an American Italian and Russian production.
 Dreaming of Rita (Swedish: Drömmen om Rita) is a 1993 Swedish comedy film directed by Jon Lindström. Marika Lagercrantz was nominated for the award for Best Actress at the 29th Guldbagge Awards.
 A Trap (Polish: Pułapka) is a 1997 Polish comedy film directed by Adek Drabiński. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Rescued from an Eagle's Nest is a 1908 American silent action-drama co-directed by Edwin S Porter and J. Searle Dawley for the Edison film studios.This film is significant for both being an early example of the motion picture craft and the film acting debut of the future director D. W. Griffith. In the opening scene he exits a cabin. This appearance was prompted by being both broke and stranded in New York after the failure of a play he authored.
 Schramm is a 1993 German horror film directed by controversial taboo-breaking auteur Jörg Buttgereit. It is stylised and artfully shot on low budget 35mm film. It tells the story of a man who has been known in the media as the 'Lipstick Killer'. Loosely based on true crime criminology profiles of Carl Panzram and similar serial killers.
 Ten Dead Men is a 2008 thriller film and the follow-up to the cult independent film Left for Dead. Produced by the same company (Modern Life?) Ten Dead Men features many of the same actors as its predecessor. Ten Dead Men was directed by Ross Boyask and produced by Phil Hobden. The film released in UK France Indonesia and Japan.
 Treasure Planet is a 2002 American animated science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 27 2002. It is the 43rd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The film is a science fiction adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's adventure novel Treasure Island and was the first film to be released simultaneously in regular and IMAX theaters.
 A Night in May (German:Eine Nacht im Mai) is a 1938 German historical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk Viktor Staal and Karl Schönböck. It was made by UFA the leading German studio.
 The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca is a 1997 Spanish-American drama-biographical film directed by Marcos Zurinaga. It is based on a book by Ian Gibson about the life and murder of Spanish poet Federico García Lorca. It stars Andy García as Lorca and Esai Morales as Ricardo a journalist who investigates Lorca's disappearance during the early years of the Spanish Civil War.
 Bad Hair Day: The Videos is a VHS release of four of Weird Al Yankovic's music videos.The VHS contains the following videos:Amish ParadiseGumpHeadline NewsMoney For Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies.
 Pimps Up Ho's Down is a 1998 television documentary about pimping in the United States as part of the HBO documentary anthology series America Undercover. The film features interviews with American pimps and explores the modern pimping lifestyle. The film has received some controversy over some pimps using the documentary as an instructional video for their prostitutes as well as over concerns over HBO paying the pimps for rights to film their businesses and the Players Ball.
 Little Giants is a 1994 family sports comedy film starring Rick Moranis and Ed O'Neill as brothers in a small Ohio town coaching rival Pee-Wee Football teams.
 The 81st Blow (Hebrew: המכה ה-81‎ and also known as The Eighty-First Blow) is a 1974 Israeli documentary film directed by Haim Gouri. The film covers the oppression of Jews under the Nazis and features rare historical footage of concentration camps. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Feature. The title is derived from a comment by a witness at Adolf Eichmann's trial.
 Demain à Nanguila (or Nanguila Tomorrow) is a 1969 Malian film.
 Thirteen Women (1932) is a psychological thriller film produced by David O. Selznick and directed by George Archainbaud. It starred Myrna Loy Irene Dunne Ricardo Cortez Florence Eldridge and Jill Esmond. Several characters were deleted including those played by Leon Ames Phyllis Fraser and Betty Furness (in what would have been her film debut at the age of 16).
 Oh Daddy! is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and Austin Melford and starring Leslie Henson Frances Day Robertson Hare and Barry MacKay.
 Dreams on Spec is a 2007 American documentary film that profiles the struggles and triumphs of emerging Hollywood screenwriters. It was written and directed by Daniel J. Snyder who learned first-hand about the screenwriter's travails in the late 1980s when he was a teenager working alongside aspiring writer/directors Quentin Tarantino and Roger Avary in the famed Video Archives video store in Manhattan Beach California.
 Lovelace is a 2013 American biographical drama film about Linda Boreman better known as Linda Lovelace. It covers the part of her life when she was 20 to 32. Directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman the film was written by Andy Bellin and stars Amanda Seyfried Peter Sarsgaard Sharon Stone Adam Brody and Juno Temple. The film had its world premiere on January 22 2013 at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and opened in a U.S. limited release on August 9 2013.
 Fanny Foley Herself is a 1931 American comedy-drama film that was shot entirely in Technicolor. The film was the second feature to be filmed using a new Technicolor process which removed grain and resulted in a much improved color. It was released under the title Top of the Bill in Britain.
 Hot Millions is a 1968 caper story made by MGM. It was directed by Eric Till and produced by Mildred Freed Alberg from a collaborative screenplay by Ira Wallach and star Peter Ustinov. The music score was composed by Laurie Johnson featuring the single This Time from Scottish singer Lulu. The cinematographer was Kenneth Higgins.
 Limbo is a Norwegian drama film written and directed by Maria Sødahl.The movie takes place in the 1970s and depicts a so-called expatriate-group at Trinidad associated with the oil industry.
 Boudica (released in the United States as Warrior Queen) is a British television film released in 2003. Starring Alex Kingston Steven Waddington and Emily Blunt the film is a biopic of the queen of the Iceni tribe Boudica.
 Lovers' Concerto (Hangul: 연애소설; RR: Yeonae Soseol; lit. Love Novel) is a 2002 South Korean film directed by Lee Han. It is a romantic melodrama dealing with friendship jealousy and the ties that bind.
 World Trade Center is a 2006 American drama film directed by Oliver Stone and based on the September 11 attacks at the World Trade Center. It stars Nicolas Cage Maria Bello Michael Peña Maggie Gyllenhaal Stephen Dorff and Michael Shannon. The film was shot between October 19 2005 and February 10 2006 and released on August 9 2006. World Trade Center is one of two films released in 2006 based on the 9/11 disaster the other being United 93.
 La malavita attacca... la polizia risponde! (The Criminals Attack The Police Respond) is a 1977 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Mario Caiano.
 Crossing Over is a 2009 American independent drama film about illegal immigrants of different nationalities struggling to achieve legal status in Los Angeles and stars Harrison Ford as an immigration officer. The film deals with the border document fraud and extortion the asylum and green card process work-site enforcement naturalization the office of counter-terrorism and the clash of cultures.
 The Pain (Turkish: Acı) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Cemal Şan which looks at generation gaps through the story of an old man and his granddaughter. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on October 9 2009 (2009-10-09) has been screened at numerous international film festivals. It is dedicated to Engin Çeber who died while he was in custody.
 The Pure Hell of St Trinian's was a 1960 British comedy film set in the fictional St Trinian's School. Directed by Frank Launder and written by him and Sidney Gilliat it was the third in a series of five films.
 El Dorado is a 1966 American Western film produced and directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne and Robert Mitchum. Written by Leigh Brackett and loosely based on the novel The Stars in Their Courses by Harry Brown the film is about a gunfighter who comes to the aid of an old friend—a drunken sheriff struggling to defend a rancher and his family against another rancher trying to steal their water.
 Jalisco nunca pierde (Jalisco Never Loses) is a 1937 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Stewardesses is a 1969 softcore later R-rated theatrical 3D film produced directed and written by Allan Silliphant and starring Christina Hart Monica Gayle Paula Erickson and Donna Stanley.Produced on a budget of just over $100000 the film grossed $25 million in 1970 becoming the most profitable 3-D film ever released. In budget-relative terms it remains among the most profitable theatrical movies ever made.
 Golden Balls (Spanish: Huevos de oro) is a 1993 Spanish film directed by Bigas Luna. It stars Javier Bardem Maria de Medeiros Alessandro Gassman Maribel Verdú and Benicio del Toro.
 French California (French: La Californie) is a 2006 French film directed and written by Jacques Fieschi based on short story by Georges Simenon. It was nominated for César Awards for Best Supporting Actress (Mylène Demongeot) and Most Promising Actor (Radivoje Bukvic). It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Battle Beyond the Stars is an American 1980 science fiction film directed by Jimmy T. Murakami and produced by Roger Corman. The film intended as a Magnificent Seven in outer space is based on The Magnificent Seven the Western remake of Akira Kurosawa's film Seven Samurai.
 Street People (Italian: Gli esecutori also known as The Executors and The Sicilian Cross) is an Italian crime-action film directed in 1976 by Maurizio Lucidi. It was written among others by the French Connection 's screenwriter Ernest Tidyman. It was released in United States by American International Pictures.
 Polladhavan (Tamil: பொல்லாதவன்; English: Ruthless Man) is a Tamil film written and directed by Vetrimaran. It stars Dhanush and Divya Spandana in the main leads and it was released on 8 November 2007. The musical score is by G. V. Prakash Kumar while Yogi B and Dhina composed each one song. Velraj is the director of cinematography and Rambo Rajkumar was the stunt choreographer.
 1 Night in Paris is a 2004 pornographic video depicting Paris Hilton having sexual intercourse in 2001 with Rick Salomon. Not originally intended[citation needed] for release it was filmed primarily with a single stationary tripod-mounted camera using night vision. However a handful of scenes were filmed indoors without night vision.
 It Don't Cost Nothin' to Say Good Morning 1994 is an award winning documentary film directed by Kenny Hotz and Spencer Rice. The film is about the life of a homeless man known only as 'Shorty' Gordy who was a beloved but drunken potty-mouthed panhandler which was filmed over three years covering Gordy's life and death. The movie premiered at Palm Springs Film Festival Cinéfest the Worldwide Short Film Festival and won best short at the Hot Docs Film Festival.
 Beck – Skarpt läge is a 2006 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Chilling Visions: 5 Senses of Fear is a 2013 horror anthology film that was directed by Eric England (Taste) Nick Everhart (Smell) Emily Hagins (Touch) Miko Hughes (See) Jesse Holland and Andy Mitton (Listen). The anthology was originally broadcast on the Chiller network on May 31 2013 and was released onto DVD and Blu-ray on October 22 of the same year.
 To the Wonder is a 2012 romantic drama art film written and directed by Terrence Malick starring Ben Affleck Olga Kurylenko Rachel McAdams and Javier Bardem. Filmed in Oklahoma and Paris France it premiered in competition at the 2012 Venice Film Festival. where it was nominated for the Golden Lion Award. It won the SIGNIS Award in another festival.
 Sunday Light (Spanish: Luz de domingo) is a 2007 Spanish film directed by José Luis Garci and starring Álex González Paula Echevarría and Alfredo Landa. The plot set in rural Asturias in the early 20th-century is based on a novel by Ramón Pérez de Ayala.
 Left Right Left is a 2013 Malayalam political drama film directed by Arun Kumar Aravind and written by Murali Gopy. Their previous venture Ee Adutha Kaalathu is considered a pathbreaker and won numerous awards including Mohan Raghavan Memorial Award for Best Script and NETPAC Award for Best Malayalam Film. The title signifies the rhythm of one's walk.
 Time Traveller: The Girl Who Leapt Through Time originally released as Toki o Kakeru Shōjo (時をかける少女 lit. The Girl Who Runs Through Time) is a 2010 Japanese science fiction film directed by Masaaki Taniguchi and written by Tomoe Kanno. It is the fourth film based on the novel The Girl Who Leapt Through Time and is a sequel to the original 1983 film adaptation. The film stars Riisa Naka as the protagonist Akari Yoshiyama daughter of the original story's protagonist Kazuko Yoshiyama.
 Old Czech Legends (Czech: Staré pověsti české) is a 1953 Czechoslovak stop motion puppet animation film directed by Jiří Trnka. It was based on the 1894 book Ancient Bohemian Legends by Alois Jirásek.After the completion of Bajaja in 1950 Trnka was praised by the communist regime of Czechoslovakia and asked to make more films. He created a project to film Don Quijote but it was rejected.
 For the 1913 film of the same name see The Evil Thereof (1913 film).The Evil Thereof (1916) is a silent film directed by Robert G. Vignola and starring Frank Losee and Grace Valentine.
 Nasty Boys is a TV drama film aired on NBC in September 1989.
 Man of a Thousand Faces (1957) is a film detailing the life of silent movie actor Lon Chaney in which the title role is played by James Cagney.Directed by Joseph Pevney the film's cast included Dorothy Malone Jane Greer and Jim Backus. Chaney's grown son was played by Roger Smith later the star of television's 77 Sunset Strip and studio chief Irving Thalberg was portrayed by Robert Evans who soon left acting and eventually became head of Paramount Pictures.
 This article is about a 1987 film. For the 1996 music album see Moon in the ScorpioMoon in Scorpio is a 1987 film starring Britt Ekland John Phillip Law and William Smith. Law plays the role of Ekland’s husband. Cast as a Vietnam War veteran Law takes Ekland on a yachting trip where they are joined by two of his friends also Vietnam veterans and their wives.
 Bliss is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Villa Falconieri is a 1928 German-Italian silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Maria Jacobini Hans Stüwe and Eve Gray. It was based on the 1896 novel of the same title by Richard Voss.
 9½ Weeks is an 1986 erotic romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne and starring Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke. It is based on the memoir of the same name by Elizabeth McNeill about a New York City art gallery employee who has a brief yet intense affair with a mysterious Wall Street broker.
 Midnight in Saint Petersburg is a 1996 thriller film starring Michael Caine for the fifth time as British secret agent Harry Palmer.It served as semi-sequel to Bullet to Beijing which had been released the year before the two films having been shot back-to-back. Three previous films featuring Caine as Palmer were released in the 1960s beginning with The IPCRESS File.
 Krishna Bhakta Bodana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Pyar Ka Karz is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K.Bapaiah starring Mithun Chakraborty Dharmendra and Shakti Kapoor
 Gendai-jin (現代人 Gendai-jin) is a 1952 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Minoru Shibuya. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Meraa Ghar Mere Bachche is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed by Chander Vohra and produced by L. V. Prasad. It stars Raj Babbar Smita Patil and Meenakshi Seshadri in pivotal roles.
 Thirst (Romanian: Setea) is a 1961 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Drăgan and Mihai Iacob. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 Leap Year is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls who co-stars with Anne Grey Edmund Breon and Ellis Jeffreys. It was written by A.R. Rawlinson and produced by Herbert Wilcox. The film was re-released in 1937.
 Corbett and Courtney Before the Kinetograph (also known as Edison Kinetoscopic Record of Boxers and The Corbett-Courtney Fight) is an 1894 American short black-and-white silent film produced by William K.L. Dickson and starring James J. Corbett. It was only the second boxing match to be filmed following The Leonard-Cushing fight which had been filmed by Dickson on June 14 1894.The films are listed as 1st Round 2nd Round 3rd Round 4th Round 5th Round and 6th Round.
 Deadly Dreams is a 1988 horror film directed by Kristine Peterson.
 People Like Us (during production known as Welcome to People) is a 2012 drama film directed by Alex Kurtzman in his directorial debut written by Kurtzman Jody Lambert and Roberto Orci starring Chris Pine Elizabeth Banks Olivia Wilde Jon Favreau and Michelle Pfeiffer. A. R. Rahman composed the film's music.
 Corps à corps (Also released as Corps du Corps or Body to Body) is a 2003 film written by Arthur-Emmanuel Pierre and music by Sarry Long. Set in contemporary France the film was produced by Carrère Groupe and Anne Regard and starred Emmanuelle Seigner and Philippe Torreton.
 Thicker Than Water is a 1999 film starring a host of rappers and urban entertainers such as Fat Joe Mack 10 Ice Cube MC Eiht Big Pun and others. The film contains rappers from both the East and the West Coast as it was made after the end of the East Coast-West Coast feud.
 An Itch in Time is a 1943 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series directed by Bob Clampett and starring Elmer Fudd and a dog which looks very similar to if not a modified Willoughby the Dog. It is the only Elmer cartoon from 1943 to remain under copyright; the others To Duck or Not To Duck and A Corny Concerto are in the public domain.The voice of A. Flea is uncredited and was provided by Sara Berner except for the character screaming T-Bone! which was done by Mel Blanc.
 Season of the Witch also known as Hungry Wives and Jack's Wife is George A. Romero's third film and second horror film. Filmed in 1971 and released in 1972 the film is about a housewife who becomes involved in witchcraft.
 Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat (English: The Only Mother To You All) is a 2008 Filipino comedy film starring Ai-Ai de las Alas and Eugene Domingo. It is the sequel to a 2003 comedy film Ang Tanging Ina. It was released on December 25 2008 as Star Cinema's official entry to the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Wasei Kingu Kongu (和製キング・コング lit. Japanese King Kong) was a 1933 Japanese black-and-white silent film directed by Torajiro Saito. The film is now considered lost. It was a silent short based on the 1933 film King Kong and produced by Shochiku Studios (who released the original 1933 film in Japan on behalf of RKO).
 Korea is a 1996 Irish feature film directed by Cathal Black and produced by Darryl Collins based on a short story by John McGahern. In 1996 Korea won the Asta Nielsen Best Film Award at the Copenhagen Film Festival and was runner-up for the Audience Prize at the Seattle Film Festival.
 Melvilasom (English: The Address) is a 2011 Indian courtroom drama film directed by Madhav Ramadasan and written by Soorya Krishna Moorthy. It stars Suresh Gopi and Parthiban in the lead roles and features Ashokan Thalaivasal Vijay Nizhalgal Ravi Krishnakumar and Sanjay in other pivotal roles. An adaptation of Soorya Krishna Moorthy's stage play of the same name which itself was based on the Hindi play Court Martial by Swadesh Deepak the film reached theatres on 29 April 2011.
 The Song of Love (Italian: La canzone dell'amore) is a 1930 Italian romance film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Dria Paola Isa Pola and Elio Steiner. It was the first Italian talking film.
 Naan Rajavaga Pogiren (English:I am going to become Raja) is a 2013 Tamil action film co-written and directed by Prithvi Rajkumar Assistant of Vetrimaaran and writer of Sathyaraj starrer Lootty and 6.2. The film features Nakul Chandni and newcomer Avani Modi in the lead roles.The film opened average reviews and average grosser at the box office.
 Cruise for the Unknown One (French: Croisière pour l'inconnu) is a French film from 1948 directed by Pierre Montazel written by Pierre Montazel and starring by Claude Dauphin. The film was also starred by Louis de Funès (uncredited). The film was based on the novel of G. Vidal L'aventure est à bord.
 Kalaignarin Ilaignan (Tamil: இளைஞன் English: Youth) is a 2011 Tamil-language film directed by Suresh Krishna who directs his 50th film and written by DMK Chief and the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Kalaignar M. Karunanidhi based on the Russian novel The Mother by Maxim Gorky.
 Save the Tiger is a 1973 film about moral conflict in contemporary America. It stars Jack Lemmon Jack Gilford Laurie Heineman Thayer David Lara Parker and Liv Lindeland. The film was directed by John G. Avildsen.
 Scandal also known as Bí Mật Thảm Đỏ is a 2012 Vietnamese psychological thriller film directed by Victor Vu produced by Galaxy Studios and Saiga Films in association with PS Vietnam Kantana Post and Vietcom. Scandal was released in Vietnam on October 12 2012 immediately becoming a critical and box office success.
 Gendarme in New York (French: Le gendarme à New York) is the sequel to the French comedy film Le gendarme de Saint-Tropez. It stars Louis de Funès as the gendarme. With Michel Galabru Christian Marin Grosso and Modo Alan Scott.
 Fast-Walking is a 1982 dramatic prison film directed by James B. Harris. The film is based on Ernest Brawley's 1974 novel The Rap. It was also issued theatrically in the U.S. under the title The Joint. Starring James Woods as Fast-Walking.
 Video From Hell is a video released in 1987 by Frank Zappa. It is a compilation of pieces of music and video from a series of projects that Zappa presumably planned to finish and release for home video including a companion video for the You Can't Do That On Stage Anymore series of albums but those projects were ultimately never completed. Many pieces from this video had appeared on a one-hour Night Flight special entitled You Are What You Watch.
 Boy Meets Dog is an American animated commercial short made in 1938. It was produced by Walter Lantz as a Technicolor cartoon for theatrical release by Universal Pictures. However it did not see theatrical release but Castle Films purchased it and released it to the home movie market. This animated short is presented and brought to this part by Ipana.
 Baby and Young Girls (French: Bébé et fillettes) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 14 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Summer Camp Nightmare is a 1987 horror film starring Chuck Connors and Charlie Stratton. The film is based on the novel The Butterfly Revolution by William Butler.
 Remedy is an American 2005 crime drama directed by Christian Maelen and written by Sandy Eiges Nicholas Reiner and Charlotte Wise. The film stars Maelen Arthur Nascarella Jon Doscher Frank Vincent Vincent Pastore and Chuck Zito.
 Rabbit-Proof Fence is a 2002 Australian drama film directed by Phillip Noyce based on the book Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence by Doris Pilkington Garimara. It is based on a true story concerning the author's mother as well as two other mixed-race Aboriginal girls who ran away from the Moore River Native Settlement north of Perth Western Australia to return to their Aboriginal families after having been placed there in 1931.
 When We Were Young (a.k.a. That Magic Moment and Moments) is a 1989 television film directed by Daryl Duke and written by Richard and Esther Shapiro.
 Four Shades of Brown (Swedish: Fyra nyanser av brunt) is a 2004 Swedish film written by the comedy group Killinggänget and directed by their member Tomas Alfredson. The film stars Robert Gustafsson Johan Rheborg Henrik Schyffert Jonas Inde Maria Kulle and Ulf Brunnberg. The film consists four interweaved stories about life tragedies with settlements related to fatherhood as the common theme.
 Amors Baller (English: Cupid's Balls) is a Norwegian teenage comedy film directed by Kristoffer Metcalfe starring Kåre Hedebrant and Eira K. Stuedahl. The film was co-written by Metcalfe and producer Frederick Howard. The film premiered in Norway on 25 March 2011.
 Drunken Monkey is a 2003 kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung. It was the first kung fu film released by the Shaw Brothers Studio in two decades.
 The Giant Gila Monster is a 1959 hot rod monster science fiction film directed by Ray Kellogg and produced by Ken Curtis. It stars Don Sullivan a veteran of several low budget monster and zombie films Lisa Simone the French contestant for Miss Universe of 1957 as well as Fred Graham comedy relief Shug Fisher KLIF disc jockey Ken Knox and Bob Thompson.
 Sontham is a Telugu language film released on August 23 2002 and was directed by Srinu Vaitla. Sunil Aryan Rajesh Rohit and Namitha played the lead roles. Devi Sri Prasad composed music for the film. It performed moderately well at the box office. It was inspired from critically acclaimed Hindi movie Dil Chahta Hai
 Duress is an American film in the psychological thriller genre. The film was initially screened at various film festivals in the United States Poland and Russia and received favorable reviews.
 The Hart of London is a 1970 experimental Canadian film directed by Jack Chambers. Stan Brakhage proclaimed it as one of the greatest films ever made.
 The Mourner (悼む人) is an upcoming 2015 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi and based on a novel of the same name by Arata Tendo.
 Saikin-rettō (細菌列島) is a 2009 Japanese comedy film. It stars comedian Naoto Takenaka as the General the dictator of a fictional Asian country which parodies the North Korean leader Kim Jong-il. The film also parodies the 2009 Japanese disaster film Pandemic.
 Traces of a Black Haired Girl (Serbo-Croatian: Tragovi crne devojke) is a 1972 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Randić. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dimples is a 1936 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter. The screenplay was written by Nat Perrin and Arthur Sheekman. The film is about a young mid-nineteenth century street entertainer (Temple) who is separated from her pickpocket grandfather (Morgan) when given a home by a wealthy New York City widow (Westley). The film was panned by the critics. Videocassette and DVD versions of the film were available in 2009.
 Thundering Trails is a 1943 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Rugantino is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.It is based on the stage musical with the same name by Pietro Garinei and Sandro Giovannini.
 The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists! (released in North America Australia and New Zealand as The Pirates! Band of Misfits) is a 2012 British-American 3D stop-motion animated adventure comedy film produced by Aardman Animations in partnership with Sony Pictures Animation. It was directed by Peter Lord. The film was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was released on 28 March 2012 in the UK and on 27 April 2012 in the US.
 Kiccha is a 2003 Kannada political-drama film directed by Arun Prasad P.A. featuring Sudeep and Shwetha in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Hamsalekha and lyrics by Hamsalekha. The film released on 11 April 2003.
 The Third Jihad: Radical Islam's Vision For America is a 2008 documentary film about the perceived threat of radical Islam in the United States.
 Le Voyage en Amérique is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Henri Lavorel written by Roland Laudenbach starring Madeleine Barbulée and Louis de Funès. It is also known as The Voyage to America and Trip to America.
 Naanum Oru Thozhilali (English: I am also a Worker) is a 1986 Tamil-language drama film directed and produced by C. V. Sridhar. The film features Kamal Haasan and Ambika in the lead roles while Jaishankar V. S. Raghavan and Devika play supporting roles. The film released in May 1986.
 Diary of a Big Man (Chinese: 大丈夫日记) is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by veteran producer and actor Chor Yuen produced by Tsui Hark and Chow Yun Fat stars as the lead role. The film co- stars Sally Yeh Joey Wong Waise Lee Carrie Ng Ka Lai and Kent Cheng as the police inspector.
 S-21: The Khmer Rouge Killing Machine (French: S-21 la machine de mort Khmère rouge) is a 2003 documentary film directed by Rithy Panh. Rithy himself a survivor of the Khmer Rouge brought together two former prisoners of the regime with their former captors at Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum the former Security Prison 21 (S-21) under the Khmer Rouge.
 Tentacles (Italian title: Tentacoli) is a 1977 Italian-American horror film directed by Ovidio G. Assonitis and starring John Huston Shelley Winters Bo Hopkins and Henry Fonda.
 Seven Thieves is a 1960 20th Century Fox film noir crime drama motion picture shot in CinemaScope. It stars Edward G. Robinson Rod Steiger and Joan Collins.Directed by Henry Hathaway and produced by Sydney Boehm it was adapted for the screen by Sydney Boehm based on the novel The Lions At The Kill by Max Catto.
 A Peasant on a Bicycle (Bulgarian: Селянинът с Колелото / Selyaninat s Koleloto) is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1974 directed by Lyudmil Kirkov starring Georgi Georgiev - Gets Diana Chelebieva Georgi Rusev and Evstati Stratev.
 Lucid is a 2005 Canadian film written and directed by Sean Garrity. It won the award for Best Western Canadian Feature Film at the Vancouver International Film Festival in 2005 and it was nominated for Best Film at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film Festival in 2006.
 Skin Deep is a film by Canadian filmmaker Midi Onodera.
 Redheap is a novel by Norman Lindsay.
 Man Under Suspicion (German: Morgen in Alabama) is a 1984 West German film directed by Norbert Kückelmann.
 Hero of the Rails is a 2009 CGI feature-length special and film spin-off of the TV series Thomas & Friends. The film introduces full CGI animation replacing model work and the addition of a voice cast for the characters alongside the narration to the TV series. The film features the voice of Ben Small and Martin Sherman as Thomas the Tank Engine for the UK and US respectively. It was first released on September 8 2009 on DVD and was released to iTunes on September 12 2009.
 Hey Babe! also known as Babe! and also known as Rise and Shine is a 1980 film a musical drama starring Yasmine Bleeth and Buddy Hackett. This was Yasmine's first film at the age of 12-years-old.
 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 American fantasy-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas. It is the third installment in the Indiana Jones franchise. Harrison Ford reprises the title role and Sean Connery plays Indiana's father Henry Jones Sr. Other cast members such as Alison Doody Denholm Elliott Julian Glover River Phoenix and John Rhys-Davies also have featured roles.
 Toplo (Bulgarian language: Топло English language: Warmth) is a comedy film released in Bulgaria in 1978. It was written and directed by Vladimir Yanchev. The film satirizes the eternal fear of all Bulgarians to have contractors fixing problems in their houses. The story develops at the end of the seventies the time of the vast expansion of the centralized system for heat- and warm water supply in Sofia.
 Fascinating Woman: The Temptation of Creampie (奪う女　中出しの誘惑 Ubau Onna: Nakadashi no Yūwaku) is a 2007 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by his wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. Ikejima filmed Fascinating Woman: The Temptation of Creampie for his own Cement Match production studio and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on August 3 2007. It won the award for Eighth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Thunder Over The Plains is a 1953 western film directed by André de Toth and starring Randolph Scott and Lex Barker. This was the first film that Lex Barker appeared in after completing a series of 5 Tarzan films. The tag line on the original movie poster was “A tornado of adventure from Warner Bros.”
 Scream Blacula Scream is a 1973 blaxploitation horror film made under the working titles Blacula Is Beautiful and Blacula Lives Again!. This is the only sequel to the 1972 film Blacula. The movie was produced by American International Pictures (AIP) and Power Productions.
 Calling Dr. Gillespie is a 1942 drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet starring Lionel Barrymore Donna Reed and Philip Dorn. This was a continuation of the series that had starred Lew Ayres as Dr. Kildare. Ayres however had declared conscientious objector status to World War II and was taken off the film. Kildare's mentor Dr. Gillespie portrayed here and in earlier films by Barrymore became the lead character.
 K3: Prison of Hell is a 2009 pornographic horror film written and directed Andreas Bethmann. It is a spin-off of the 2004 film Notgeile Knastjulen zur Unzucht erzogen and its 2005 sequel.
 Dillinger Is Dead (Italian: Dillinger è morto) is a 1969 Italian drama directed by Marco Ferreri. It stars Michel Piccoli Anita Pallenberg and Annie Girardot. The story is a darkly satiric blend of fantasy and reality. It follows a bored alienated man over the course of one night in his home.
 Syngenor is a 1990 B horror/science fiction movie that was a sequel to the 1980 film Scared to Death. The film was directed by George Elanjian Jr and written by Michael Carmody and Brent V. Friedman. It features David Gale who also appeared in Re-Animator as Carter Brown and Kathryn Noble who starred in The Delos Adventure as a secretary.
 Anthrax War is a 2009 documentary film about the 2001 anthrax attacks that premiered at the 9/11 Film Festival at the Grand Lake Theater in Oakland California with filmmaker Eric Nadler in person.Filmmakers Bob Coen Eric Nadler and Dylan Verrechia discuss the 2001 anthrax attacks and offer a look into the world of biological warfare.
 Vykrutasy (English: Quirky Mischief) is a Russian language comedy film directed by Levan Gebriadze with Milla Jovovich and Konstantin Khabensky in the main roles. The premiere was held on February 14 2011.
 Lord of War is a 2005 crime war film written produced and directed by Andrew Niccol and co-produced by and starring Nicolas Cage. It was released in the United States on September 16 2005 with the DVD following on January 17 2006 and the Blu-ray Disc on July 27 2006. Cage plays an illegal arms dealer with similarities to post-Soviet arms dealer Viktor Bout.
 Children of the Pyre (Ta paidia tis pyras) is a 2008 film documentary directed and produced by Rajesh S. Jala. The film documents the stories of seven children who are shroud sellers at India's largest crematorium Manikarnika on the banks of the Ganges.
 Yalgaar (an Urdu word meaning assault/attack) is a 1992 Indian Hindi language film directed by and starring Feroz Khan alongside Sanjay Dutt Manisha Koirala and Kabir Bedi Mukesh Khanna.SynopsisTwo childhood friends grow up to be on the opposite sides of law one an Additional Police Commissioner Mahendra Ashwini Kumar and the other a crime lord Raj Pratap Singhal.
 Thanga Padhumai (Tamil: :தங்கப் பதுமை) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1959.
 Arputham is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2002. Arputham merges two of the most enduring concepts in Tamil cinema—the love triangle and the rags-to-riches story.
 Station to Heaven (天国の駅) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Masanobu Deme.
 Carolina is a 1934 American romantic comedy film directed by Henry King. The screenplay by Reginald Berkley is based on the play The House of Connelly by Paul Green. The film stars Janet Gaynor Lionel Barrymore and Robert Young with a supporting cast featuring Stepin Fetchit and Shirley Temple in a romanticized story about a post-Civil War family in the fading South regaining its former prestige.
 Eleki no Wakadaishō (エレキの若大将 The young electric guitar wizard) is a 1965 Japanese film starring Yuzo Kayama. It is the sixth in the Wakadaishō series of films.The film was inspired by the mid-sixties electric guitar boom created by the popularity of groups such as The Beatles and The Ventures. The sport featured in this film is American football.
 Robot Bastard! is a 17 minute short film and Rob Schrab's directorial debut.The film follows Robot Bastard on a mission to save the president's daughter Catherine.
 Kana Kanmani is a 2009 family horror film by Akku Akbar starring Jayaram and Padmapriya. The film is a remake of the director's previous Hindi film Gauri: The Unborn.
 Kuttravali is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Raja starring Raghuvaran Rekha and Charan Raj in lead roles.
 F.I.S.T. is a 1978 film directed by Norman Jewison and starring Sylvester Stallone. Stallone plays Johnny Kovak a Cleveland warehouse worker who becomes involved in the labor union leadership of the fictional Federation of Inter State Truckers. He finds that he must sacrifice his principles as he moves up through the union and attempts to expand its influence.
 Tomorrow's Yesterday was a short 2006 film written and directed by Elan Gale.It was produced by Page One Pictures in association with Sascha Rasmussen Paul McCarthy-Boyington Patrick O'Sullivan and Angelo Perez who were also the stars of the film.Premiered on March 2 2006 in Florence Alabama it has since played in 14 other film festivals worldwide.Other starring actors in the film include Efren Ramirez Sam Sarpong Michael A. Williams and Bridget Marquardt.
 Frankenstein is a 1931 horror monster film from Universal Pictures directed by James Whale and adapted from the play by Peggy Webling which in turn is loosely based on the novel of the same name by Mary Shelley. The film stars Colin Clive Mae Clarke John Boles and Boris Karloff and features Dwight Frye and Edward van Sloan. The Webling play was adapted by John L.
 Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 American-Australian-British biographical comedy-drama film directed by John Lee Hancock from a screenplay written by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith. Centered on the development of the 1964 Walt Disney Studios film Mary Poppins the film stars Emma Thompson as author P. L. Travers and Tom Hanks as filmmaker Walt Disney with supporting performances from Colin Farrell Paul Giamatti Jason Schwartzman Bradley Whitford Ruth Wilson B. J.
 The Man I Married (alternative title I Married a Nazi) is a 1940 drama film starring Joan Bennett and Francis Lederer. An American woman marries a German only to lose him to the Nazi Party when the couple travel to Germany.
 A Cinderella Story is a 2004 American teen romantic comedy film. The film stars Hilary Duff Jennifer Coolidge Chad Michael Murray and Regina King and was directed by Mark Rosman. The film's plot revolves around two Internet pen pals (Duff and Murray) who meet at a school dance and fall in love but two different worlds keep them apart. It received negative reviews from critics but was a commercial success and has since gained a cult following.
 Gridiron Gang is a 1993 documentary film about the Kilpatrick Mustangs 1990 inaugural season. The film won an Outstanding Individual Achievement Award in Information Programming at the 43rd Primetime Emmy Awards. Louis Gossett Jr. hosted the documentary. Several scenes from the film are shown during the credits of the 2006 film Gridiron Gang which was based on the Mustangs 1990 season.
 Taxidermia is a 2006 Hungarian comedy-drama horror film directed by György Pálfi. The film is a metaphorical socio-political retelling of Hungary's history from the Second World War to the present day. The story is told by means of three generations of men from Hungary beginning with a military orderly during the Second World War moving on to an aspiring speed-eater during the Cold War and concluding with a taxidermist during modern times. The film has elements of dark comedy and body horror.
 Eagle (Croatian: Orao) is a 1990 Croatian film directed by Zoran Tadić.
 The Mystery Train is a 1931 American film directed by Phil Whitman.
 The Paper Brigade (also known as Gunther and the Paper Brigade) is a 1996 adventure/comedy film directed by Blair Treu. The film stars Kyle Howard and Robert Englund.
 Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol (Malayalam: കബനി നദി ചുവന്നപ്പോൾ English: When the River Kabani Turned Red) is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer produced by Pavithran and starring T. V. Chandran Shalini Raveendran and J. Siddiqui. This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period. It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards.
 Dr. med. Sommer II is an East German drama film. It was released in 1970 and was directed by Lothar Warneke.
 Grain in Ear (simplified Chinese: 芒种; pinyin: Máng zhòng; Hangul: 망종) is a 2005 Chinese film written and directed by Korean Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lü (Chinese: 張律; Hangul: 장률). The title refers to the solar term in the traditional calendars of China and Korea.
 The Drifter is a 1988 thriller movie starring Kim Delaney Timothy Bottoms Al Shannon Miles O'Keeffe and Anna Garduno. The film is about a successful single woman who picks up a mysterious hitchhiker on a deserted road.The film was directed and written by Larry Brand.
 If a Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front is a documentary film by filmmaker Marshall Curry exploring the origins motives and organization of the Earth Liberation Front and Eco-terrorism in general.
 Bad Boys (Finnish: Pahat pojat) is a 2003 Finnish crime drama film directed by Aleksi Mäkelä based on the story of a notorious real-life family of criminals. It was the most successful film in Finnish theatres after The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King in 2003 taking in $4778324. This makes the film one of the most successful Finnish films at the national box office of all time.
 Cosmonaut (Italian: Cosmonauta) is a 2009 Italian coming-of-age film written and directed by Susanna Nicchiarelli. It won the Controcampo Italiano at the 66th Venice International Film Festival. It also won the Ciak d'oro for best first work.
 Main Meri Patni Aur Woh is a 2005 Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Chandan Arora starring Rajpal Yadav Rituparna Sengupta and Kay Kay Menon as the leading actors. The film released on October 7 2005.
 Doña Bárbara is a 1998 Argentine-Spanish romantic drama film directed by Betty Kaplan adapted from the novel Doña Bárbara by Venezuelan author Rómulo Gallegos. The film stars Esther Goris in the title role of a wealthy embittered female land owner who clashes with a male neighbor portrayed by Jorge Perugorría.
 Courageous is a 2011 independent Christian drama film directed by Alex Kendrick produced by Sherwood Pictures and released to theaters on September 30 2011. It is the fourth film by Sherwood Pictures the creators of Flywheel Facing the Giants and Fireproof. Filming in Albany Georgia concluded in June 2010.
 Peacetime in Paris (Serbian: Sezona mira u Parizu French: Une saison de paix à Paris) is a 1981 Yugoslav-French drama film directed by Predrag Golubović. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 Man Conquers Space is an alternate history faux documentary feature film in development written and directed by David Sander chronicling the fictional conquest of space along the lines of the famous series of articles Man Will Conquer Space Soon! by Collier's Magazine published between 1952 and 1954 and edited by Cornelius Ryan supported by Dr Wernher von Braun along with a team of experts and illustrated by famed space artist Chesley Bonestell.
 102 Dalmatians is a 2000 family comedy film directed by Kevin Lima in his directorial debut and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the sequel to the 1996 film 101 Dalmatians and stars Glenn Close reprising her role as Cruella de Vil as she attempts to steal puppies for her grandest fur coat yet. Glenn Close and Tim McInnerny were the only actors from the first film to return for the sequel.
 Nightmare Weekend is a 1986 horror B-movie directed by Henry Sala and distributed by Troma Entertainment. It features the first film role of NYPD Blue actress Andrea Thompson.
 Don Q Son of Zorro is the 1925 sequel to the 1920 silent film The Mark of Zorro. It was loosely based upon the 1909 novel Don Q.'s Love Story written by the mother-and-son duo Kate and Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard. The story was reworked in 1925 (after Hesketh Hesketh-Prichard's death) into a vehicle for the Johnston McCulley character Zorro. The film adaptation was made by screenwriters Jack Cunningham and Lotta Woods for United Artists studios.
 Blackbirds is an extant 1915 American silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film marks an early starring screen appearance by actress Laura Hope Crews in this her second motion picture. The film is based on a 1913 Broadway play Blackbirds by Harry James Smith which also starred Miss Crews. This is a surviving film at the Library of Congress. It was remade in a 1920 film of the same name starring Justine Johnstone.
 Spartacus is a 2004 North American miniseries directed by Robert Dornhelm and produced by Ted Kurdyla from a teleplay by Robert Schenkkan. It aired over two nights the USA Network and stars Goran Visnjic Alan Bates Angus Macfadyen Rhona Mitra Ian McNeice Ross Kemp and Ben Cross. It is based on the novel of the same name by Howard Fast.
 La Cueva (Spanish: The Cave also known as In Darkness We Fall) is a 2014 Spanish language found footage horror film that was directed by Alfredo Montero. The movie had its world premiere on January 25 2014 at the International Film Festival Rotterdam and follows five friends that find that their decision to enter a remote cave may be their last.
 The Tattooed Stranger is a 1950 American crime film noir shot on location in New York City directed by Edward Montagne and starring John Miles Patricia Barry Walter Kinsella and Frank Tweddell. The picture was one the first movies featuring Jack Lord who went on to star in the television series Hawaii Five-O.The film was John Miles' last movie.
 Gharam wa intiqam is a 1944 Egyptian film.This drama was a great success in its time partially due to the unexpected death of its star in a car accident the famous singer Asmahan when she was only 26. Misr Studios didn’t even hesitate and used her death to attract more audience.
 Shadows of Death is a 1945 American western film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Hell Train (French: Train d'enfer) is a 1985 French crime film directed by Roger Hanin. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 A City Surrounded By the Mountains is a documentary (in three parts) by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh and it introduces the social cultural and geographical life of the people in Khansar in Isfahan province of Iran. In this film the beauty of nature with the capsized tulips in the very high mountain slope that surrounded the city and also the people and their cultures are portrayed.
 Canzone di primavera is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Mario Costa.
 La domenica specialmente (internationally released as Especially on Sunday) is a 1991 Italian comedy-drama film. It consists of four segments all written by Tonino Guerra. Each segment has a different director: Giuseppe Tornatore Marco Tullio Giordana Giuseppe Bertolucci and Francesco Barilli.
 The Enemy (Turkish: Düşman) is a 1979 Turkish drama film written produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment featuring Aytaç Arman as Ismail an overqualified young Turkish worker who unable to find employment is reduced to poisoning the local stray dogs and begging his father for part of his inheritance.
 The Georgia Peaches is a 1980 Roger Corman produced pilot for a proposed TV series.
 San Domingo is a 1970 West German drama film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg. It tells the story of a man who joins a rock music hippie commune. When the commune members learn that his family is wealthy they tell his parents that he has been kidnapped and demand a ransom. The film is loosely based on the story Betrothal in St. Domingo by Heinrich von Kleist. The actors are primarily non-professionals. The film received the 1971 Deutscher Filmpreis for Best Cinematography and Best Music.
 The Wind Rises — released in Japan as Kaze Tachinu (風立ちぬ) — is a 2013 Japanese animated historical drama film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and adapted from his own manga of the same name which was loosely based on the 1937 short story The Wind Has Risen by Tatsuo Hori a writer poet and translator from mid-20th century (Showa period) Japan.
 Best of Times is a 1981 comedy film directed by Don Mischer and starring Crispin Glover and Nicolas Cage. It was the film debut of Crispin Glover and the second film of Nicolas Cage.
 Bibi Fricotin is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Marcel Blistène written by Arthur Harfaux and starring Maurice Baquet.
 Throne of Blood (蜘蛛巣城 Kumonosu-jō literally Spider Web Castle) is a 1957 Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa. The film transposes the plot of William Shakespeare's play Macbeth to feudal Japan.
 Swamp Water is a 1941 film directed by Jean Renoir starring Walter Brennan and Walter Huston produced at 20th Century Fox and based on the novel by Vereen Bell. The drama was shot on location at Okefenokee Swamp Waycross Georgia USA. This was Renoir's first American film. The movie was remade in 1952 as Lure of the Wilderness directed by Jean Negulesco.
 Streets of Laredo is a 1949 western film starring William Holden Macdonald Carey and William Bendix as three outlaws who rescue a young girl played by Mona Freeman.
 I due toreri is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
 Harum Scarum is a 1965 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley which was shot on the original Cecil B. DeMille set from the film The King of Kings. Some of the film was based on Rudolph Valentino's The Sheik released in 1921. The film reached #11 on the Variety national weekly box office chart earned $2 million at the box office and finished #40 on the year end list of the top-grossing films of 1965.
 Just Another Blonde (also known as The Girl From Coney Island) is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy/adventure film distributed by First National Pictures. Based on the short story Even Stev'en by Gerald Beaumont the film was directed by Alfred Santell and stars Dorothy Mackaill Jack Mulhall and Louise Brooks. An incomplete print of the film is preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 The Thorn Birds: The Missing Years is a CBS miniseries that aired in 1996. It is a midquel to the original miniseries The Thorn Birds that aired on ABC in 1983.The Missing Years tells the story of the 19 years that are unaccounted for between the birth of Dane and Ralph's return to Australia in the original ABC miniseries. The Missing Years was generally panned by critics and fans of the original miniseries for being unfaithful to the book.
 Actingclassof1977.com or Acting Class of 1977 is a 2008 Australian documentary television film that looks at the Australian entertainment industry and the actor-training practices of the National Institute of Dramatic Art during the 1970s. Written directed and produced by Sally McKenzie the documentary first aired on the ABC in June 2008.
 The Patriot is a 1986 action film directed by Frank Harris and starring Gregg Henry and Simone Griffeth with Leslie Nielsen.
 War/Dance is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Sean Fine and Andrea Nix Fine and produced by Shine Global's Susan MacLaury a professor at Kean University and Albie Hecht. It was nominated for the 2008 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and received the Emmy Award for Best Documentary and Best Cinematography in 2010.
 Let My Puppets Come (aka Let My Puppets Go) is a 1976 pornographic film written and directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Al Goldstein Lynette Sheldon Penny Nichols and Gerard Damiano. All the sex scenes in the film are between puppets or puppets on human.
 The Mandrake (Italian: La Mandragola; also called Mandragola: The Love Root) is a 1965 Franco-Italian co-production directed by Alberto Lattuada and based on the eponymous 16th-century play by Italian author Niccolò Machiavelli. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Costume Design.
 Wagons East! (stylised onscreen as Wagons East) is a 1994 western comedy film directed by Peter Markle and starring John Candy and Richard Lewis. This was the last film Candy was shooting at the time of his death and a stand-in and special effects were used to complete the film. This was not the last film he appeared in to be released: His last film Canadian Bacon (filmed in 1993) was released in 1995.
 Z Storm (Chinese: Z風暴) is an upcoming Hong Kong film directed by David Lam starring Louis Koo Gordon Lam and Dada Chan. The thriller revolves around Hong Kong’s Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) and its investigation of a charity fund that has become involved in a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme.The film is co-produced by Pegasus Motion Pictures Sil-Metropole Organisation and Le Vision Pictures.
 Leela is a 2002 drama film directed by Somnath Sen. The movie stars Dimple Kapadia and Deepti Naval. The film's story is loosely based on Summer of '42. The film premiered at Reel World Film Festivalm Toronto in 2005. It also was featured in the 2002 edition of the IAAC Film Festival conducted by the Indian diaspora which works to showcase the Indian films to the West.
 Eutanasia di un amore also known as Break Up is a 1978 Italian romance drama film directed by Enrico Maria Salerno.It is based on the novel with the same name by Giorgio Saviane.
 The Branded Woman is a 1920 American silent film drama released by First National Pictures. It stars Norma Talmadge who also produced the film along with her husband Joseph Schenck through their production company Norma Talmadge Productions. The film is based on a 1917 Broadway play Branded by Oliver D. Bailey and was adapted for the screen by Anita Loos and Albert Parker who also directed. A print of the film is housed at the Library of Congress.
 A Horse with No Name is an independently produced feature film by Matthew and Barnaby O'Connor. Its two key distinguishing factors are the budget which was $10000 (considered very small by Hollywood standards) and the fact the film was written as it was made - something none of the actors in the film knew was happening. As far as the cast were aware the script had already been written and they would receive dialogue on the day to 'keep it fresh'.
 We Are the Faithful (German Wir sind dir treu) is a 2005 documentary short film produced and directed by Swiss actor Michael Koch. It premiered in October 2005. The film is entirely spoken in Baseldytsch a Swiss German dialect but subtitles in Standard German and English are shown.The film's subject is the stadium culture of FC Basel supporters during a game (FC Basel vs FC Zürich) in 2005 at the St.
 Just Friends is a 2005 American romantic comedy and Christmas film directed by Roger Kumble and starring Ryan Reynolds Amy Smart Anna Faris Chris Klein and Christopher Maquette.
 Hochzeitsnacht im Regen is an East German film. It was released in 1967.
 Hail and Farewell is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Claude Hulbert. The film was a quota quickie production following the escapades of a group of British sailors during six hours' shore leave in Southampton.
 Mithai Mane is a 2005 Kannada film directed by Aarathi (whose daughter wrote the screenplay). The title (which means candy house) was inspired by the Brothers Grimm fairy tale Hansel and Gretel. The film explores the theme of how children would find fulfillment in a candy house they came across in a forest.
 Innamorato pazzo internationally released as Madly in Love is a 1981 Italian comedy film starring Adriano Celentano and Ornella Muti. The film was shot in Como with scenes filmed in Villa Olmo and in Rome. The film was a commercial success.
 Min datter Nelly is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.
 Godzilla is a 1998 American science fiction monster film directed and co-written by Roland Emmerich. It was a reimagining of the popular Japanese film monster of the same name. The screenplay was written by Emmerich and Dean Devlin. The plot of the film revolves around a giant reptilian monster mutated by nuclear tests in the French Polynesia who migrates to New York City to nest its young.
 Vidivelli is a 1960 Indian Tamil film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film has Sivaji Ganesan B. Saroja Devi and M. N. Rajam in the lead.
 D.A.R.Y.L. is a 1985 American science fiction film which was written by David Ambrose Allan Scott and Jeffrey Ellis. It was directed by Simon Wincer and stars Barret Oliver Mary Beth Hurt Michael McKean Danny Corkill and Josef Sommer. The original music score was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.The movie was filmed at Pinewood Studios Orlando Florida and Dillsboro NC.
 Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot is a 2004 children's animated feature film produced by Nelvana Limited and released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment. Directed by Mike Fallows and written by Jeffrey Alan Schecter this was the fourth film to star the Care Bears and their first in over 15 years. This was also the first one in the franchise to be computer-animated.The film centres on Funshine Bear a Care Bear who loves to laugh and tell jokes.
 Profile in Anger is a 1984 Hong Kong action film produced by Raymond Chow and Leonard Ho written action choreographed directed by and starring Bryan Leung. This film is Leung's directorial debut and is also the first film Leung starred in that is set in modern day.
 Mickey's Rescue is a 1934 talkie short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on March 23 1934 by Post Pictures Corp.
 Sweet Mud (Hebrew: אדמה משוגעת) is a 2006 Israeli satirical drama film written and directed by Dror Shaul. The semi-autobiographical film was shot on the kibbutzim of Ruhama and Nir Eliyahu and draws on Shaul's memories of growing up on a kibbutz with his mentally unstable and widowed mother.
 Beasts of Paradise is a 1923 American adventure film serial directed by William James Craft. It is now considered to be lost.While currently lost in the USA a print or parts of the serial is listed as held by Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive on the FIAF database.[citation needed]
 The Amazing Transplant is an American 1970 sexploitation film written produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars Juan Fernandez Linda Southern and Larry Hunter.
 The Red Countess (Hungarian: A vörös grófnő) is a 1985 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Endurance is a docudrama about the famous distance runner Haile Gebrselassie with Gebrselassie playing the role of himself.It was written and directed by Leslie Woodhead and Bud Greenspan and produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie features Gebrselassie's upbringing in Ethiopia and his subsequent triumph in the 10000 meter track event in the Atlanta Olympic Games of 1996.The movie was release on DVD on January 31 2012.
 Picture Book of a Beautiful Young Girl: Soaked Uniform (美少女図鑑　汚された制服 Bishōjozukan: abusareta seifuku) aka Omoide ga ippai: Eighteen Blues (思い出がいっぱい -EIGHTEEN BLUES-) is a 2004 Japanese pink film directed by Tetsuya Takehora. It won the Best Film 9th Place award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Takehora was given the Best New Director award for this film.
 Rustlers' Rhapsody (1985) is an American comedy-Western film. It is a parody of many Western conventions most visibly of the singing cowboy films that were prominent in the 1930s and the 1940s.The film was written and directed by Hugh Wilson and stars Tom Berenger as a stereotypical good-guy cowboy Rex O'Herlihan who is drawn out of a black-and-white film and transferred into a more self-aware setting.
 The Spider's Stratagem (Italian: Strategia del ragno) (1970) is a political film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci. The screenplay was written by Bertolucci based on Theme of the Traitor and the Hero story written by Jorge Luis Borges.
 A Common Man is a 2013 thriller film starring Oscar Award winner Ben Kingsley and Ben Cross and directed by Sri Lankan film maker Chandran Rutnam.The film is an official remake of the Indian thriller A Wednesday! but Rutnam reworked the screenplay of this highly suspenseful thriller.A Common Man is an award winning movie that won Best Picture Best Director and Best Actor awards at the Madrid International Film Festival and bronze medal in the Feature Films category at the New York Festivals’ International Television and Film Awards three of the 119 Gold World Medals 145 Silver 104 Bronze and 327 Finalist Certificates awarded that day.
 Good News is the title of two American MGM musical films based on the 1927 stage production of the same name.The first released in 1930 was directed by Nick Grinde. The cast included Bessie Love Cliff Edwards and Penny Singleton. The film was shot in black-and-white although the finale was in Multicolor.
 Ilamai Oonjal Adukirathu (English: Youth is swinging) is a 1978 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar. It has Kamal Hassan and Sripriya in lead roles with Rajinikanth and Jayachitra in supporting roles. It had a 175-day run at the box office. The film was later remade in Telugu as Vayasu Pilichindi (1978) and in Hindi as Dil-E-Nadaan (1982).
 Crazy to Marry is a 1921 American silent comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. Prints are held by Cinematheque Royale de Belgique Brussels and Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive Moscow.
 Sacrifice is a 2011 American action thriller film written and directed by Damian Lee and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and Christian Slater. It was filmed in Ottawa Ontario.
 Agnidevan (Malayalam : അഗ്നിദേവന്‍) (English: The Lord Of Fire) (1995) is an Indian film in Malayalam written by P. Balachandran and directed by Venu Nagavalli starring Mohanlal and Revathi. The Leadership over the family newspaper causes the family to split apart and have problems. This is main theme of the film and is of Genre Musical/Drama. It is one of the successful film of the year along with the film's Music.
 The Pride of Company Three (German:Der Stolz der 3. Kompanie) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Fred Sauer and starring Heinz Rühmann Anton Walbrook and Eugen Burg. It premiered on 4 January 1932.
 Heartless is a 2014 Bollywood medical thriller film directed by Shekhar Suman. Shekhar Suman also stars in the film along with his son Adhyayan Suman. The film also features Ariana Ayam Deepti Naval Om Puri and Madan Jain amongst others. It released on 7 February 2014 to mixed reviews from critics apparently. The film focuses on anesthesia awareness where a patient cannot move or communicate but is aware to varying degrees of what is happening during surgical procedures.
 The Last Sunset is a 1961 western movie starring Rock Hudson Kirk Douglas and Dorothy Malone and was directed by Robert Aldrich.The film was released by Universal Studios shot in Eastman color. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was adapted from Howard Rigsby's novel Sundown at Crazy Horse.The supporting cast includes Joseph Cotten Carol Lynley Neville Brand and Jack Elam.
 Four Sisters and A Wedding is a 2013 Filipino comedy-drama film directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina. The film features Star Cinema's most prominent young actresses: Bea Alonzo Toni Gonzaga Angel Locsin and Shaina Magdayao as the four sisters attempting to stop the wedding of their younger brother played by Enchong Dee. The film is part of Star Cinema's 20th anniversary presentation in collaboration with Rebisco's 50th anniversary.
 The Final Cut is a 19-minute video EP by Pink Floyd and is based on their 1983 album of the same name. it was shot in 1982 and features unknown actors not mentioned in the cast.
 Where the Fire Burns (Turkish: Ateşin Düştüğü Yer) is a 2012 Turkish drama film directed by İsmail Güneş. The film was selected as the Turkish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Cuando los hijos se van (When Children Leave) is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and Fernando Soler as the protagonists and features Miguel Inclán as an especially odious villain. A later version directed by Julián Soler was released in 1969 and also starred Fernando Soler.
 Montana Territory is a 1952 Western film starring Wanda Hendrix Clayton Moore Hugh Sanders and Lon McCallister. It is a classic western movie with bandits a corrupt sheriff and a hero who falls for a beautiful woman.
 The Lives of Others (German: Das Leben der Anderen) is a 2006 German drama film marking the feature film debut of filmmaker Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck about the monitoring of East Berlin by agents of the Stasi the GDR's secret police.
 Welcome to Woop Woop is a 1997 Australian-British comedy film directed by Stephan Elliott starring Johnathon Schaech and Rod Taylor. The film was based on the novel The Dead Heart by Douglas Kennedy. Woop Woop is an Australian colloquialism referring to a fictional location in the middle of nowhere.
 Broken Blossoms is a 1936 British drama film directed by John Brahm and starring Emlyn Williams Arthur Margetson Basil Radford and Edith Sharpe. It was based on the short story The Chink and the Child by Thomas Burke from his 1916 work Limehouse Nights. It was made at Twickenham Studios in West London. The story had previously been adapted by D. W. Griffith for his film Broken Blossoms (1919) starring Lillian Gish.
 Every Time We Say Goodbye is a 1986 film starring Tom Hanks and Cristina Marsillach.
 New World Disorder VI - Unchained is the title of the sixth film in the New World Disorder Mountain-biking film series the film was released in 2005 and was enough of a success that a further film was produced as a result of it.
 Spliced (also known as The Wisher) is a 2002 horror film starring Ron Silver Liane Balaban and Drew Lachey. The film was released on December 1 2002 in Canada. The film was directed by Gavin Wilding.
 Fatenah is the first 3D animated film made in the Palestinian territories.
 Love Story is a 1981 film produced by Rajendra Kumar and directed by Rahul Rawail. The film stars Rajendra Kumar alongside his son Kumar Gaurav and Vijeta Pandit both making their film debut. Vidya Sinha Amjad Khan Danny Denzongpa and Aruna Irani also appear in supporting roles. The music was composed by R. D. Burman with lyrics by Anand Bakshi.
 A Resentful Woman (원녀 - Wonnyeo) is a 1973 South Korean horror film.
 Kidnapper is a 2013 Bengali film. The film was directed by Rupak Majumdar and produced by Arka Basu. The film's music was composed by Raja Narayan Deb. The film was released on March 8 2013. The film is based on the lives of neglected children.
 The Big Fix is a 1947 film directed by James Flood.The story concerns the efforts of a crooked gambling ring to fix college basketball games. This film was the final production of Producers Releasing Corporation.
 The Singing Forest is a 2003 American romantic fantasy film written produced and directed by Jorge Ameer.
 Tali-Ihantala 1944 is a 2007 Finnish war film directed by Åke Lindman and Sakari Kirjavainen based on the Battle of Tali-Ihantala. Filming began during the summer of 2006 and was screened in autumn 2007. Åke Lindman himself wanted the film to be as real as possible and only include facts. He also wanted Finns to remember the sacrifices the soldiers made in those battles.The film received 350000 euros in production support from the Finnish Film Foundation.
 King is a television miniseries based on the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. the American civil rights leader and 1964 Nobel Laureate. It aired for three consecutive nights on NBC from February 12 through 14 1978.
 Sakshatkara (Kannada: ಸಾಕ್ಷಾತ್ಕಾರ translation: Realization) is a 1971 Kannada drama film directed by Puttanna Kanagal featuring Rajkumar Jamuna and Prithviraj Kapoor.
 Rose of the World is a lost 1918 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Artcraft Pictures an affiliate of Paramount Pictures. It is based on the novels of Agnes and Egerton Castle.The film was directed by Maurice Tourneur and stars Elsie Ferguson. It is no relation to the 1925 Warner Brothers film of the same name which is a different story.
 InuYasha the Movie: The Castle Beyond the Looking Glass (映画犬夜叉 鏡の中の夢幻城 Eiga Inuyasha: Kagami no Naka no Mugenjō) is the second movie of the InuYasha movie series. It was released in Japan on December 21 2002 (between episodes 95 & 96) and in the United States on December 28 2004. In this film the character designs are virtually identical to the Rumiko Takahashi versions from the original manga (rather than using the Yoshihito Hishinuma designs from the TV anime).
 Rabbit Hole is a 2010 American drama film starring Nicole Kidman Aaron Eckhart and Dianne Wiest and directed by John Cameron Mitchell; the screenplay is an adaptation by David Lindsay-Abaire of his 2005 play of the same name. Kidman produced the project via her company Blossom Films. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2010. Lionsgate distributed the film. The plot deals with a couple struggling to heal after the death of their young son.
 Arrival of Tongkin Train is documentary silent film showing the arrival of a train in Tianjin China. The film was made by American Mutoscope and Biograph Company in 1901.
 Girl with a Suitcase (Italian: La ragazza con la valigia) is a 1961 Italian romantic drama film by Italian Director Valerio Zurlini starring Claudia Cardinale as a naive nightclub singer who lives on the good will of others. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman about the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt and his subsequent clash with the law. The film stars Woody Harrelson Courtney Love and Edward Norton.The film was written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.
 Russia 88 is a 2009 Russian mockumentary directed by Pavel Bardin about Russian neo-Nazis. In the film members of a gang called Russia 88 are filming propaganda videos to post on the Internet. After a while they become accustomed to the camera and stop paying attention to it. The leader of the gang Spike discovers that his sister is dating a Southern Caucasian man.
 Georgia Rule is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Garry Marshall and starring Jane Fonda Lindsay Lohan Felicity Huffman Dermot Mulroney Garrett Hedlund and Cary Elwes. The original music score was composed by John Debney. The film received negative reviews from critics however several praised Huffman's and Lohan's performances.
 The Fortune Cookie (alternative UK title: Meet Whiplash Willie) is a 1966 film starring Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon in their first on-screen collaboration and directed by Billy Wilder from a script by Wilder and I.A.L. Diamond.
 Last Dance is a 2012 Australian thriller film about a Muslim man (Firass Dirani) who kidnaps an elderly Melbourne Jewish woman (Julia Blake) and holds her hostage. It will make its international premiere at the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival.The female lead was meant to be Gena Rowlands but her casting was opposed by the MEAA.
 Forest of Death (also known as Sum yuen) is a 2007 Hong Kong horror film directed and co-written by Danny Pang.
 Den nye lægen (English: The new doctor) is a 1943 Norwegian drama film directed by Rasmus Breistein starring Jon Lennart Mjøen. The film is based on a play by B.V. Holbæk-Hansen.
 Infernal Affairs is a series of three crime-thriller films directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung. It tells the story of a police officer who infiltrates the triads and a police officer secretly working for the same gang. The Chinese title means the non-stop way a reference to Avici the lowest level of hell in Buddhism. The English title is a word play combining the law enforcement term internal affairs with the adjective 'infernal'.
 Four Frightened People (1934) is a film directed by Cecil B. DeMille released by Paramount Pictures and starring Claudette Colbert Herbert Marshall Mary Boland and William Gargan. Based on the novel by E. Arnot Robertson.
 The Tiger of Eschnapur or in original German Der Tiger von Eschnapur is a 1959 West German-French-Italian adventure film directed by Fritz Lang. It is the first of two films comprising what has come to be known as Fritz Lang's Indian Epic; the other is The Indian Tomb (Das Indische Grabmal).
 Ponniyin Selvan (English: The son of Ponni) is a 2005 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Radha Mohan. Produced by A. M. Ratnam it stars his son Ravi Krishna along with Gopika and Revathi in the lead roles while Vidyasagar had composed the music for the film. The film is unrelated to the same-titled novel by Kalki Krishnamurthy. It was released in Telugu as Muddhula koduku
 The White Reindeer (Finnish: Valkoinen peura) is a 1952 Finnish horror drama film directed by Erik Blomberg. It was entered in competition at the 1953 Cannes Film Festival and earned the Jean Cocteau-led jury special award for Best Fairy Tale Film. After its limited release five years later in the United States it was one of five films to win the 1957 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film.
 Between Two Worlds is a 1944 film set during World War II featuring John Garfield Paul Henreid Sydney Greenstreet and Eleanor Parker. It is a remake of the 1930 film Outward Bound itself based on the 1924 play of the same name. It is not as is sometimes claimed a remake of Fritz Lang's Destiny (original title Der müde Tod).
 Les Rendez-vous de Paris [Rendez-vous in Paris] is a 1995 portmanteau French film directed by Éric Rohmer.Three loosely connected variations on the theme of the lover's rendezvous in Paris.
 Joey also known as Making Contact is a 1985 West German fantasy film from Centropolis Film Productions (now Centropolis Entertainment). The film was co-written and directed by Roland Emmerich.
 New World (Hangul: 신세계; RR: Sinsegye) is a 2013 South Korean crime drama film written and directed by Park Hoon-jung. Starring Lee Jung-jae Choi Min-sik and Hwang Jung-min the film shows the conflict between the police and the mob through the eyes of an undercover cop. New World is the first entry in a planned trilogy.
 Land of My Fathers is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Fred Rains and starring John Stuart Edith Pearson and Yvonne Thomas.
 The Shadow of Lightning Ridge is a 1920 Australian silent film starring renowned Australian sportsman Snowy Baker. It is now considered a lost film.
 Class of 1999 II: The Substitute is a 1994 Direct-to-video film about a new teacher at a troubled inner city school where students all are affiliated with gangs drugs and violence. It was directed by Spiro Razatos and starred Sasha Mitchell as renegade teacher John Bolen. The movie is a sequel to Class of 1999 but does not contain many story links to that movie except inserted footage from flashback-sequences and a vague reference to previous happenings in the plot.
 The Secret of Roan Inish is a 1994 American/Irish independent film written and directed by John Sayles. It is based on the novel The Secret of Ron Mor Skerry by Rosalie K. Fry.It is centered on the Irish and Orcadian folklores of selkies—seals that can shed their skins to become human. The story set on the west coast of Ireland is about Fiona a young girl who is sent to live with her grandparents and her cousin Eamon near the island of Roan Inish where the selkies are rumored to reside.
 The Brothers (Da di shuang ying in Mandarin) is a Kung Fu film which was also released in the United States under the title The Kung Fu Brothers.
 Merciless Man (Italian: Genova a mano armata) is a 1976 crime film directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Tony Lo Bianco.
 Choking Man is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Steve Barron. The film stars Octavio Gómez Berríos and Eugenia Yuan.
 Just in Time is a 1997 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Shawn Levy from a screenplay by Eric Tuchman. This was the first feature film directed by Levy who went on to direct such hits as Night at the Museum (2006) and Date Night (2010).
 The Patriot is a 1928 semi-biographical film that was directed by Ernst Lubitsch and released by Paramount Pictures. The film was written by Hanns Kräly ; it is an adaptation of several different plays: Paul I by Dmitri Merezhkovsky Der Patriot by Alfred Neumann and The Patriot by Ashley Dukes. The Dukes play was performed on Broadway in January 1928. A young John Gielgud made his Broadway debut in that play.
 I lunghi giorni della vendetta (internationally released as Long Days of Vengeance Days of Vengeance and The Deadliest Gunfight) is a 1967 Italian western film directed by Florestano Vancini. It is the only western directed by Vancini here credited as Stan Vance. The film is a spaghetti western version of Alexandre Dumas' novel The Count of Monte Cristo.
 Yaro Oral (English: Someone Unknown) is a 1978 Malayalam film written and directed by V. K. Pavithran. It was his debut as a director. It introduced to Malayalam a genre of personal cinema which is deliberately anti-realist. The film's music is composed by acclaimed film director G. Aravindan.
 Assassins is a 1995 American action thriller film directed and produced by Richard Donner written by Andy and Larry Wachowski and also rewritten by Brian Helgeland. The film stars Sylvester Stallone Antonio Banderas and Julianne Moore. The Wachowskis stated that their script was totally rewritten by Helgeland and that they tried to remove their names from the film but failed.
 Past Perfect (Italian: Passato prossimo) is a 2003 Italian comedy film directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Into the Darkness is an upcoming American film. The film began principal photography in May 2010. The film stars Mischa Barton Kiowa Gordon Anna Enger Wolfgang Weber Dalal Bruchmann Russ Russo and newcomer Ronnie Patel. The promotional trailer for the film was shot in early August 2009 and is set to debut in October 2009. The film has already received a lot of press in its early stages of development. In December 2011 a casting call scheduled for March 2012 was released.
 Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal is a Hindi comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. It stars Nana Patekar Shreyas Talpade and Paresh Rawal. The film has been produced by Percept Picture Company. The story is adapted from Malayalam film Marykkundoru Kunjaadu written by Benny P. Nayarambalam. It was released on 28 September 2012.
 The President's Last Bang (Hangul: 그때 그사람들; RR: Geudttae Geusaramdeul) 1 is a 2005 satiric black comedy film by South Korean director Im Sang-soo about the events leading to and the aftermath of the assassination of Korean President Park Chung-hee by his close friend and Korean Intelligence Agency director Kim Jae-kyu. The fictional portrayal of the former President has raised a storm of controversy leading to a suit against the film by Park Chung-hee's only son Park Ji-man.
 Paperland: The Bureaucrat Observed is a 1979 documentary film critiquing bureaucracy written and directed by Donald Brittain and produced by the National Film Board of Canada and CBC-TV.
 The Fighting Gringo is a 1917 Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey.
 Hoods is 1998 independent film directed by Mark Malone.
 The Last Flight of Noah's Ark is a Disney film released by Buena Vista Distribution on June 25 1980. The film stars Elliott Gould Geneviève Bujold and Ricky Schroder.
 Blowback is a 2000 film directed by Mark L. Lester. It follows detective Morrell (Van Peebles) as he investigates whether a series of murders identical to those by Wittman (Remar) executed years ago are copycat or if they could be Wittman himself. Filming took place in San Diego California.
 A Perfect Couple is a 1979 film directed by Robert Altman.
 Kannagi (Tamil: கண்ணகி) is a Tamil epic film directed by R.S Mani based on the Greatest Tamil epic Silapadhigaaram released in 1942. This is the first Tamil film based on the epic Silapadhigaaram. A similar second movie named Poompuhar released later in 1964.Directed by R.S Mani music by S. V. Venkatraman and Lyrics by Udumalai Narayana Kavi
 La Bandera (released in the United States as Escape from Yesterday) is a 1935 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Annabella Jean Gabin and Robert Le Vigan. It was based on the 1931 novel La Bandera by Pierre Mac Orlan. After committing a brutal murder in Paris a Frenchman flees to Barcelona where he enlists in the Spanish Foreign Legion.
 Every Girl Should Be Married is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by Don Hartman and starring Cary Grant Betsy Drake and Franchot Tone. Grant and Drake married a year after the film's release.
 Secret State is a 2012 British four-part political thriller starring Gabriel Byrne Charles Dance and Gina McKee and inspired by Chris Mullin's novel A Very British Coup. It delves into the relationship between a democratically elected government the military and big business. The first one-hour part premiered on Channel 4 on Wednesday 7 November 2012 with the other three parts being shown the following Wednesdays.
 Kid With The Golden Arms (original title: Jin bei tong) is a 1979 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by Mona Fong. It is one of the few Venom Mob films to include Wei Pai (Snake Venom).
 The Young Millionaire is a 1912 short silent film drama. The film starred Earle Foxe and Alice Joyce who were acting together in their third film that year having already starred in The Street Singer and The County Fair. It was the third film of Earle Foxe aged seventeen.
 Avalanche (German: Die Lawine) is a 1923 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 A Great New Star is a 1952 musical sponsored film starring Dinah Shore with her singing See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet (at the time she starred in a twice-weekly 15 minute musical interlude for Chevrolet on NBC-TV). It starts off with her singing It's a Most Unusual Day and then shows an ephemeral film being made. The ending has her singing the Chevrolet jingle with shots of Chevrolet cars and America. It was made by the Jam Handy Organization.
 for the vehicle see Fiat TurbinaTurbina is a black and white Czech drama film. It was released in 1941. It was filmed by director Otakar Vávra from a draft Harish Matěj Čapek-Choda. The film takes place in the 19th century when the Council of the imperial family is experiencing a transition from traditional social values to the new social order which it does not understand but must face up to.
 Three Sisters is a 1930 talking film from Fox Film Corporation five years before they would become Twentieth Century Fox. The film stars Louise Dresser Tom Patricola and Kenneth MacKenna. At the current time it is unknown whether a print of this movie still exists.
 Three Smart Saps is the 64th short film starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Hollywood High is a 1977 American sex comedy film. The film is generally regarded as being of very low quality with one retrospective review calling it a shockingly inept piece of teen sexploitation and remarking Even for a dubious genre like this this movie reaches a level of badness that would make even the most jaded exploitation filmmakers pause and subsequently resolve never to reach such a low point. Practically every department in this movie - acting writing directing etc.
 Algie's Romance is a 1918 Australian silent film. It is a comedy starring Charlie Chaplin impersonator Leonard Doogood as an Englishman who arrives in Australia and has adventures.
 Happy New Year is an upcoming 2014 Bollywood action comedy-drama film directed by Farah Khan and produced by Gauri Khan under the banner of Red Chillies Entertainment. The film has an ensemble cast which includes Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone in the leads with supporting roles by Abhishek Bachchan Boman Irani Sonu Sood and Vivaan Shah.
 The Venerable Ones (Spanish: Los venerables todos) is a 1962 Argentine film written and directed by Manuel Antín. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 The 6th Marine Division on Okinawa is a 1945 Kodachrome color documentary film produced about the action of its 6th Division during the Battle of Okinawa. The film was released shortly after the event.The film begins by outlining the strategic and psychological importance of Okinawa including its use as a supply base for Japanese forces in Malaya the Marianas and the Philippines as well as a choke hold over China.
 Brasil Animado is a 2011 Brazilian animated comedy film. The film is based on As Aventuras de Gui & Estopa an animated cartoon. The movie combines the use of live action and traditional animation a technique used in films like Who Framed Roger Rabbit and Space Jam. This is the first Brazilian movie completely produced with 3D technology.
 The Boys from Fengkuei (also known as All the Youthful Days) (Chinese: 風櫃來的人; pinyin: Fēngguì lái de rén) is a 1983 film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien.
 Child's Pose (Romanian: Poziția copilului) is a 2013 Romanian drama film directed by Călin Peter Netzer. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. Luminita Gheorghiu was nominated as the Best Actress at the 26th European Film Awards and the film won the Telia Film Award at the Stockholm International Film Festival 2013.
 A Sight for Sore Eyes is a 2005 dramatic short film directed by Shane Stanley. The film stars Hayden Adams Deborah Zoe and Gary Busey.
 Beauty No. 1 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick Kip Stagg aka Bima Stagg and Chuck Wein.
 The Last of the Finest is a 1990 film directed by John Mackenzie. It stars Brian Dennehy and Joe Pantoliano.
 Oba: The Last Samurai (太平洋の奇跡 –フォックスと呼ばれた男- Taiheiyō no kiseki: Fokkusu to yobareta otoko) also known as Battle of the Pacific is a 2011 Japanese WWII Pacific War drama film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
 Diabolique is an 1996 American thriller directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik and written by Henri-Georges Clouzot and Don Roos. It is a remake of the French film Les Diaboliques (1955) directed by Clouzot. The film stars Sharon Stone Isabelle Adjani Chazz Palminteri and Kathy Bates. Filming took place in and around Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Yu is a 2003 Austrian drama film directed by Franz Novotny. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Saint Clara (Hebrew: קלרה הקדושה‎) is a 1996 Israeli film directed by Ari Folman and Ori Sivan. It is based on the novel The Ideas of Saint Clara by Pavel Kohout.
 Bad Company is a 1980 film directed by Peter Wronski and written by Paul Eichgrun. It stars Clay Borris and Mack Dolgy.
 Blackout is a 1985 made-for-HBO thriller starring Keith Carradine Kathleen Quinlan and Richard Widmark.
 Moonfire is a 1973 action adventure film written produced and directed by Michael Parkhurst. It was photographed in the De Luxe colour system.It starred Richard Egan Charles Napier and former World Heavyweight Champion boxer Sonny Liston. It portrays truckers battling a Nazi hiding in Mexico. There is a subplot about the disappearance of a reclusive billionaire.
 Psycho Cop 2 (also known as Psycho Cop Returns) is a 1993 horror comedy film directed by Adam Rifkin and written Dan Povenmire. It is the sequel to the 1989 film Psycho Cop.
 My Love (Hangul: 내 사랑; RR: Nae Sarang; also known as Love First) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 Sinful (Spanish: El pecador) is a 1965 Mexican film. It was the last film in which Pina Pellicer acted.
 Reptilicus a giant monster film about a fictional prehistoric reptile is a Danish-American co-production produced by American International Pictures and Saga Studios and is—upon close examination—two distinctly different films helmed by two different directors.The original version which was shot in Danish was directed by Danish director Poul Bang and released in Denmark on February 25 1961.
 Sri Datta Darshanam is a 1985 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. The story is based on the life of Hindu deity Dattatreya.
 The Eddy Duchin Story is a 1956 biopic of band leader and pianist Eddy Duchin. It was directed by George Sidney written by Samuel A. Taylor and starred Tyrone Power and Kim Novak. Harry Stradling Sr. received an Academy Award nomination for his cinematography in the film.
 The Wizard of the Strings is a 1985 American short documentary film about Roy Smeck directed by Peter Friedman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Victory is a 2009 Indian cricket-based sports film starring Harman Baweja Amrita Rao and Anupam Kher. It is Harman Baweja's second release after his debut film Love Story 2050 which performed very badly at the box office. The movie was filmed in Australia and India and is said to be one of Bollywood's most expensive movies to date. Victory tells the story of a struggling cricketer who defies all odds to realize an almost impossible dream.
 Spring Awakening (German:Frühlingserwachen) is a 1929 Czech-German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Mathilde Sussin Toni van Eyck and Paul Henckels. It is an adaptation of the play of the same title by Frank Wedekind. It is part of the cycle of Enlightenment films made during the Weimar era.
 Knock Out is a Bollywood film directed by Mani Shankar. Released on 15 October 2010 the film stars Sanjay Dutt Irfan Khan and Kangna Ranaut. Knock Out is an unauthorized remake of Phone Booth. In October 2010 the Bombay High Court ordered the film's producers to pay a portion of their revenues to 20th Century Fox who own the rights to Phone Booth. The film was a disaster at the Indian boxoffice.
 Aapo was a 1994 Finnish film directed by Tero Jartti and based on a short story by Runar Schildt. The screenplay was written by Jari Hietanen. The film was based around the year 1918. Taisto Reimaluoto portrayed Aapo.
 Viktor Vogel – Commercial Man is a 2001 German art comedy film released in 2001 in the US and other countries as Advertising Rules! Directed by Lars Kraume the cast includes Alexander Scheer Götz George and Chulpan Khamatova.
 Răscoala is a 1965 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Mureșan. Mureşan won the prize for Best First Work at the 1966 Cannes Film Festival. It was the first Romanian film to be submitted to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. However it failed to be nominated. Since then no Romanian film has won the prize or been nominated for it.
 Osuofia in London is a 2003 Nigerian comedy film film written and directed by Kingsley Ogoro and starring African Movie Academy Award winner Nkem Owoh. The film is among the highest selling Nollywood films.
 Mulleya Mulleya (Hangul: 여인 잔혹사 물레야 물레야; RR: Yeo-in Janhoksa Mulle-ya Mulle-ya ; also known as Spinning the Tales of Cruelty Towards Women) is a 1984 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1984 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Killing Words (Palabras encadenadas) is a Spanish psychological thriller co-written and directed by Laura Mañá.
 Twice Branded is a 1936 British drama film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring James Mason Robert Rendel and Lucille Lisle. A man returning home after serving a prison sentence tries to rebuild his relationship with his family and prevent his son becoming embroiled with the same criminal gang which had led to his own conviction.
 Kan Pesum Vaarthaigal is a 2013 Tamil film directed by R. Balaji and starring Mirchi Senthil and Iniya. The film was released on March 22 2013 and centers upon a young man who rethinks his life after his father attempts suicide. The film was filmed in Chennai and Singapore with most of the filming taking place in Singapore.
 Andar Bahaar (English: Inside Outside) is a 1984 Hindi film. Produced By Romu Sippy and directed by Raj N. Sippy the film follows the story line of 48 Hrs.. The film stars Anil Kapoor Jackie Shroff Kim Danny Denzongpa Gulshan Grover Huma Khan Parikshat Sahni and Moon Moon Sen. The film's music is by R. D. Burman.
 Strangers: The Story of a Mother and Daughter is a 1979 television film drama directed by Milton Katselas. It stars Bette Davis and Gena Rowlands as a mother and daughter long estranged who attempt to repair their relationship when the daughter is diagnosed with cancer. Ford Rainey Donald Moffat Whit Bissell and Royal Dano also appear. Davis won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for her performance.
 Mugworth is an upcoming hand-drawn animated film directed by animator Marc Fernandez Garcia and starring actors Bill Moseley John Waters and Darren Smith. It features different Christmas related stories and a wrap around segment that parodies Charles Dickens classic A Christmas Carol. It can be defined as an anthology film.
 Assunta Spina is one of the masterpieces of Italian silent film released in 1915. Outside Italy it is sometimes known as Sangue Napolitano (Neapolitan Blood).
 Lavaa is a 1985 Bollywood family drama film directed by Ravindra Peepat.
 Meeting People Is Easy first released on 30 November 1998 is a rockumentary by Grant Gee following British alternative rock band Radiohead on their exhaustive world tour following the success of their 1997 album OK Computer. The film was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Long Form Music Video category in 2000.
 Jannat Ki Talash is a Pakistani film.
 That'll Be the Day is a 1973 British film starring David Essex and Ringo Starr written by Ray Connolly and directed by Claude Whatham. It is set in the late '50s/early '60s and was partially filmed on the Isle of Wight.
 Gamyam (English: Destination) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi. The film stars Allari Naresh Sharwanand and Kamalinee Mukherjee in prominent roles.This movie was remade in Tamil as Kadhalna Summa Illai and was released on January 14 2009; in Bengali as Dui Prithibi and released in 2010; and in Kannada as Savaari.
 Stryker is a 2004 film by Noam Gonick about gang violence in Winnipeg's North End. It follows a 14-year-old arsonist who becomes involved in a turf war between the Indian Posse and the Asian Bomb Squad (a now defunct Filipino gang). He is known only as Stryker a slang term for a prospective gang member.
 Thrashin' also known as Skate Gang is a 1986 American skater drama film directed by David Winters and stars Josh Brolin Robert Rusler and featuring Pamela Gidley.The film features appearances from many famous skaters such as Tony Alva Tony Hawk Christian Hosoi and Steve Caballero. The film also stars Sherilyn Fenn who was cast by the director together with her boyfriend at the time Johnny Depp who was later rejected by the producer.
 Cairo is a 1942 musical comedy film made by MGM and Loew's and directed by W. S. Van Dyke. The screenplay was written by John McClain based on an idea by Ladislas Fodor about a news reporter shipwrecked in a torpedo attack who teams up with a Hollywood singer and her maid to foil Nazi spies. The music score is by Herbert Stothart. This film was Jeanette MacDonald's last film on her MGM contract.The film was poorly received upon its initial release.
 Purity (1916) is an American silent film written by Clifford Howard and directed by Rae Berger and starring Audrey Munson. It is notable for its nude scenes.The film was called Reinheit in Germany.
 Bose is a 2004 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Senthil Kumar. It stars Srikanth and Sneha in lead and Kalabhavan Mani Nagesh 'Thalaivaasal' Vijay and Manicka Vinayagam in supporting roles. It did reasonable business at the box-office. Upon release the film was dubbed into Telugu as Rakshana and released in 2005 the film was also dubbed in Hindi as Commando - The Force. The film was also remade in Kannada as Yodha and released in 2009.
 The Road to Reno (1931) is a drama film directed by Richard Wallace.
 Truth in Motion: The U.S. Ski Team's Road to Vancouver (shortened to Truth in Motion) is a 2010 documentary film commissioned by Audi of America. The film focuses on a select group of elite American skiers at different stages of their careers through the crucial months of training leading up to the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the Steel Troops (ドラえもん のび太と鉄人兵団 Doraemon: Nobita to Tetsujin Heidan) is a 1986 anime science fiction film based on the popular anime/manga series Doraemon. The original plot was written by Fujiko F. Fujio. Alternate titles include The Platoon of Iron Men or The Robot Army. The film pays homage to many anime series featuring giant robots or mecha most notably Gundam and Mazinger. This film was later remade in 3D.
 When a Woman Breaks Her Jewel Box (옥합을 깨뜨릴 때 - Okhabeul ggaedeuril dae) is a 1971 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong. It was awarded Best Film at the Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony.
 A Christmas Without Snow is a 1980 American film directed by John Korty.
 Hate Story is a 2012 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt It stars Paoli Dam Gulshan Devaiya and Nikhil Dwivedi in lead roles and trailer was released on March 18 It was given an 'A' certificate for its erotic theme sexual content and nudity. It did well at box office and was commercially successful.
 The Roaring Road (1919) is a silent film action romance produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is taken from the short stories by Byron Morgan; Junkpile Sweepstakes Undertaker's Handicap and Roaring Road. This film was so successful that it spawned a sequel Excuse My Dust from stories by the same author. This film is available on Video and or DVD from online sources.
 When the Stars Were Red (Slovak: Keď hviezdy boli červené) is a 1991 Czech drama film directed by Dušan Trančík. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Behind the Rainbow is a 2009 documentary film.
 The Girl from Woolworth's is a 1929 American romance film directed by William Beaudine and starring Alice White Gladden James and Bert Moorhouse. It was released both as a sound film and in a slightly shorter silent version.
 War (Russian: Война translit. Voyna) is a 2002 Russian film by Aleksei Balabanov about the realities of the Second Chechen War starring Aleksei Chadov and Ian Kelly.
 The House That Drips Blood on Alex is a 2010 comedy horror short starring Tommy Wiseau. The film was written by sketch comedy group Studio8. It first aired October 14 2010 on Comedy Central and was released online at atom.com. (The title is an irreverent homage to the Amicus film The House That Dripped Blood.)
 The Jet Benny Show is a 1986 science fiction parody film in which the title character is a spoof of Jack Benny. The plot is a broad parody of the Star Wars films and is deliberately low-budget in appearance.
 Die Zwei und die Dame (German:Two and a Lady) is a 1926 German silent comedy crime film directed by Alwin Neuß and starring Agnes Esterhazy Bernhard Goetzke and Henry Stuart. It was based on a novel by Sven Elvestad. It premiered in Berlin on 12 March 1926.
 A Married Woman (French: Une femme mariée) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jean-Luc Godard his eighth feature film.
 Monster is a 1980 American film directed by Kenneth Hartford.The film is also known as Monstroid: It Came from the Lake (American DVD box title) and The Toxic Horror (American alternative title).
 Jesse James (1939) is a western film directed by Henry King and starring Tyrone Power Henry Fonda Nancy Kelly and Randolph Scott. Written by Nunnally Johnson the film is loosely based on the life of the notorious outlaw from whom the film derives its name.
 The Death Collector (also known as The Family Enforcer) is a 1976 low-budget crime film directed by Ralph De Vito and starring Joseph Cortese Joe Pesci and Frank Vincent. Also sometimes entitled Family Enforcer it was Ralph De Vito's first and last effort as a director and Joe Pesci's first billed appearance in a movie.
 Do As I Say is a 2008 documentary film based on the novel by Peter Schweizer titled Do as I Say (Not as I Do): Profiles in Liberal Hypocrisy. The book an eight-week New York Times bestseller was adapted for the screen by writer and director Nick Tucker.
 Majaal is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Bapaiah and produced by Shrikant Nahata. It stars Jeetendra Jaya Prada and Sridevi in pivotal roles.
 The Imposter is a 2012 British-American documentary film about the 1997 case of the French confidence trickster Frédéric Bourdin who impersonated Nicholas Barclay a Texas boy who disappeared at the age of 13 in 1994. The film includes interviews with Bourdin and members of Barclay's family as well as archive television news footage and reenacted dramatic sequences.
 Our Story Our Voice is a 2007 independent political documentary which looks at the social tension in the world today. The film offers a dialogue with the marginalized voices that are rarely heard in mainstream media. The film looks at topics from nuclear weapons proliferation to the hypocrisy of western foreign policy failure of plurality democracy multiculturalism trade crisis and also the crisis in Darfur.
 A Lesson in History (Russian: Урок истории Bulgarian: Урокът на историята) is a 1957 joint Soviet-Bulgarian film directed by Lev Arnshtam and Hristo Piskov about Georgi Dimitrov and Leipzig Trial.
 Paathira Pattu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968. It is a remake of the Raj Khosla drama Woh Kaun Thi?.
 The First of the Few known as Spitfire in the United States is a 1942 British film directed by and starring Leslie Howard as R.J. Mitchell the designer of the Supermarine Spitfire alongside co-star David Niven. The film depicts Mitchell's strong work ethic in designing the Spitfire and his death.
 Akh Labdi is a Punjabi film starring Preet Harpal Vivek Shauq (making his acting debut) Neeru Bajwa Jaswinder Bhalla & Binnu Dhillon.Music for the film will be given by Ravi Bal and shooting of the movie starts May onwards in Canada.
 The Boogeyman is a 1980 American supernatural slasher horror film directed by Ulli Lommel and stars Suzanna Love John Carradine and Ron James. The film concerns two children Michael and Lacey who are punished by their mother's boyfriend but soon take revenge as Michael stabs the boyfriend with a kitchen knife while Lacey sees a hanged mirror witnessing the event.
 Under Heavy Fire also known as Going Back is a 2001 American feature war film. It stars Casper Van Dien Jaimz Woolvett Bobby Hosea Joseph Griffin Carre Otis Kenneth Johnson Daniel Kash Martin Kove and is directed by Sidney J. Furie. It was filmed under the title Going Back in the Philippines and Vietnam in April and May 2000. Post production continued in Canada for another 14 months.
 Standard Operating Procedure is a 2008 documentary film which explores the meaning of the photographs taken by U.S. military police at the Abu Ghraib prison in late 2003 the content of which revealed the torture and abuse of its prisoners by U.S. soldiers and subsequently resulted in a public scandal.
 Pictures is a 1981 New Zealand drama film directed by Michael Black. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
 God is My Co-Pilot is a 1945 American war film based on the autobiography of the same name by Robert Lee Scott Jr. The film tells the story of Scott's association with the Flying Tigers and the United States Army Air Forces in China and Burma during World War II.
 For the Boys is a 1991 film which traces the life of Dixie Leonard a 1940s actress/singer who teams up with Eddie Sparks a famous performer to entertain American troops. As in The Rose Midler's first starring role and also a blockbuster quasi-biopic the film is fiction. However actress/singer Martha Raye believed that Midler's character was based on many widely known facts about her life and career with the USO and pursued legal action based on that assumption.
 Savage Streets is a 1984 American vigilante action film starring Linda Blair. Directed by Danny Steinmann the film premiered on October 5 1984.This is one of the few non-horror films that both Linda Blair and Linnea Quigley star in.
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is a 1921 American silent film adaptation of Mark Twain's 1889 novel A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court. The film was produced by the Fox Film Corporation (later 20th Century Fox) and directed by Emmett J. Flynn based on a screenplay by Bernard McConville. It is notable as the first film adaptation of Twain's novel and as the first film about time travel to the past.The film stars Harry Myers as the titular Yankee Martin Cavendish.
 Laserhawk is a Canadian science fiction film directed by Jean Pellerin and released in 1997. In the film two teenagers must team up with a comic book writer and a mental patient to save mankind from destruction at the hands of aliens.
 The Hitler Gang is a 1944 American pseudo-documentary film which traces Adolf Hitler's political rise purportedly based only on documentary fact. The filmmakers chose to avoid casting stars in the lead roles assembling instead a remarkable company of lookalikes to play Hitler Goebbels Hess and other leading Nazis.
 My Girl Tisa is a 1948 film directed by Elliott Nugent. It stars Lilli Palmer and Sam Wanamaker.
 Our Children (French: À perdre la raison) is a 2012 Belgian-French psychological drama film directed by Joachim Lafosse. It is based on a real-life incident involving a woman (Genevieve Lhermitte) who killed her five children. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival under the title Loving Without Reason where Émilie Dequenne won the Un Certain Regard Award for Best Actress.
 My Wife's Enemy (Italian: Il nemico di mia moglie) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Puccini.
 The Beggar's Deceit is a 1900 British short film directed by Cecil Hepworth. The film is a comedy sketch shot from a static camera position with the composition divided into thirds: on the left the beggar in the centre the pavement and pedestrians and to the right the road and vehicle traffic.
 The Mummy is a 1959 British horror film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing. It was written by Jimmy Sangster and produced by Michael Carreras and Anthony Nelson Keys for Hammer Film Productions.Though the title suggests Universal Pictures' 1932 film of the same name the film actually derives its plot and characters entirely from two later Universal films The Mummy's Hand and The Mummy's Tomb with the climax borrowed directly from The Mummy's Ghost.
 Ndeyssaan is a 2001 film.
 Bandit Ranger is a 1942 Western film.It was the first of six Westerns produced starring Tim Holt between 11 May and 17 July 1942 caused by Holt's impending induction into the Air Corps.
 Ek Rishtaa: The Bond of Love (English: One relation: The Bond of Love) is a 2001 Bollywood drama film directed by Suneel Darshan released on 18 May 2001. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Raakhee Akshay Kumar Juhi Chawla Karisma Kapoor Mohnish Bahl. It was the first film where Bachchan and Kumar worked together. The film is a family drama where a big family encounters a crisis when disputes take place between the father (Bachchan) and the son (Kumar).
 A Broadway Butterfly is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 We Iraqis (2004) is a documentary film written and directed by the Iraqi-French film director Abbas Fahdel.The film shows daily life in Baghdad just before and after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The fears and hopes of a people that is emerging from the nightmare of a dictatorship only to fall into chaos. French title: Nous les Irakiens Arabic title: نحن العراقيون
 Shadows on the Sage is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.
 The French Democracy is a short 2005 French political film made by Alex Chan using computer animation from Lionhead Studios' 2005 business simulation game The Movies. The plot centers on three Moroccan men who turn to rioting after facing different forms of discrimination. Chan a French native of Chinese descent created the film to convey his view that racism caused the riots of the 2005 civil unrest in France.
 Tata Birla Madhyalo Laila is a film directed by Srinivasa Reddy with Sivaji in lead. Earlier they worked for Adirindayya Chandram. The director has selected a simple story and an interesting cast. He mainly focused on comedy. He is applauded for his attempt to present a good film.
 The Man Who Lies (French: L'Homme qui ment Czech: Muž který lže Slovak: Muž ktorý luže) is a 1968 French-Czechoslovak drama film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet. It was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival where Jean-Louis Trintignant won the Silver Bear for Best Actor award.
 The Ragman's Daughter is a 1972 film directed by Harold Becker. It was Becker's first film during the 1970s and stars Simon Rouse and in a screen debut Victoria Tennant.
 The Muppets' Wizard of Oz is a 2005 musical television film directed by Kirk Thatcher and starring Ashanti and The Muppets with supporting roles done by Jeffrey Tambor Quentin Tarantino David Alan Grier and Queen Latifah. The film was produced by Bill Barretta and written by Debra Frank Steve L. Hayes Tom Martin and Adam F.
 Little Secrets is a 2001 independent comedy-drama film starring Evan Rachel Wood Michael Angarano and David Gallagher. It premiered in the Heartland Film Festival in October 2001 and made its limited theatrical release on August 23 2002.
 Carmen Miranda: Bananas is My Business is a 1995 documentary filmed and directed by Helena Solberg. This documentary chronicles the life and career of Carmen Miranda Hollywoods symbol of Latin American spirit in the 1940s.
 Neelathamara (Malayalam: നീലത്താമര translation: Blue Lotus) is a 1979 Malayalam language romance film directed by Yusuf Ali Kechery and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Produced at a shoe string budget of 5 lakhs the film stars Ambika and Ravikumar in the lead roles. The film deals with the romance between a housemaid and the employer. It was remade with several changes in 2009 by Lal Jose with the same title.
 The Burning Season is a 1994 television movie directed by John Frankenheimer. The film chronicles Chico Mendes' fight to protect the rainforest. This was one of Raúl Juliá's last films as he died of complications from a stroke 1 month after the film's release.
 The Eagle is a 1925 American silent film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Rudolph Valentino Vilma Bánky and Louise Dresser. Based on the novel Dubrovsky by Alexander Pushkin the film is about a lieutenant in the Russian army who catches the eye of Czarina Catherine II. After he rejects her advances and flees she puts out a warrant for his arrest dead or alive. When he learns that his father has been persecuted and killed he dons a black mask and becomes an outlaw.
 In a Year of 13 Moons (German: In einem Jahr mit 13 Monden) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Volker Spengler. The film was made in response to the suicide of Fassbinder's lover at the time Armin Meier.
 The Mad Game is a 1933 American crime drama film about an imprisoned bootlegger (Spencer Tracy) recruited from incarceration to help capture his own gang after they kidnap the daughter (Claire Trevor) of the judge who jailed him. The supporting cast includes Ralph Morgan J. Carrol Naish Matt McHugh and Paul Fix and the movie was directed by Irving Cummings.
 Noites Cariocas (Noches carioca in Argentina) is a 1936 Brazilian-Argentine comedy film directed and written by Enrique Cadícamo. It is based on a story by F. Gianetti. The film was released in both Portuguese and Spanish.
 Carrington is a 1995 British biographical film written and directed by Christopher Hampton about the life of the English painter Dora Carrington (1893–1932) who was known simply as Carrington. The screenplay is based on biographies of writer and critic Lytton Strachey (1880–1932) by Michael Holroyd.
 A Woman in Transit (French: La Femme de l'hôtel) is a 1984 Canadian French-language drama film directed by Léa Pool.
 Surrender Dorothy is an independent film by director Kevin DiNovis which won first place at the 1998 Slamdance Film Festival. The film stars Peter Pryor Kevin DiNovis and is the first film role for Elizabeth Banks who appears in the credits as Elizabeth Casey.
 The Poet and the Bear (2006) is the second short film by Brian Philip Davis a graduate of the University of Ulster in Belfast about an art school dreamer.
 La Danza de la fortuna is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Lights Camera Dead is an American independent horror comedy film directed by Indie filmmaker Tim Reaper and stars Richard Christy.
 The Other Side of the Wind is an unfinished film directed by Orson Welles shot between 1969 and 1976 and starring John Huston Bob Random Peter Bogdanovich Susan Strasberg and Oja Kodar.
 Batwara is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by J.P. Dutta. The film stars Dharmendra Vinod Khanna Dimple Kapadia Amrita Singh Poonam Dhillon Shammi Kapoor Mohsin Khan and Amrish Puri.
 Komisario Palmun erehdys (1960) (Swedish title: Mysteriet Rygseck; international title: Inspector Palmu's Error) is a Finnish crime film directed by Matti Kassila for Suomen Filmiteollisuus. It is set in Helsinki in the 1930s and centers around Inspector Palmu's investigation of the murder of rich and decadent Bruno Rygseck. It is based on Mika Waltari's 1940 novel of the same name and was the first film adaptation of his Inspector Palmu novels.
 Roti Ki Keemat is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ramesh Ahuja starring Mithun Chakraborty Kimi Katkar and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 The Make-Believe Wife is a lost 1918 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke and directed by John S. Robertson. Based on an original story for the screen it was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Love Hotel (ラブホテル) is a 1985 Japanese pink film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Shinji Sōmai and starring Noriko Hayami.
 Sailing Along is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Sonnie Hale and starring Jessie Matthews Barry MacKay Jack Whiting Frank Pettingell Noel Madison and Alastair Sim. A barge-owner's adopted daughter falls in love with his son and gives up her chances of stardom to be with him.
 Attack also known as Attack! is a 1956 American war film. It was directed by Robert Aldrich and starred Jack Palance Eddie Albert Lee Marvin William Smithers Robert Strauss Richard Jaeckel Buddy Ebsen and Peter van Eyck.
 De Corpo e Alma is a 2010 Mozambican documentary film.
 The Kon Ichikawa Story (市川崑物語 Ichikawa Kon Monogatari) also known as A Filmful Life is a 2006 documentary directed by Japanese director Shunji Iwai about the life of iconic and prolific Japanese director Kon Ichikawa.
 The Adventures of Arsène Lupin (French: Les Aventures d'Arsène Lupin) is a 1957 French crime film directed by Jacques Becker. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Pilgrim Hill is a 2013 Irish rural drama film. Writer/Director Gerard Barrett won the Rising Star Award at the 10th Irish Film & Television Awards.The film depicts the life of an Irish cattle farmer living alone with his invalided father in a remote Irish location. The Irish Times (in a four-star review) wrote: Barrett's debut feature is a quietly stunning slice of rural naturalism. A masterful debut.
 Smiley is a 2012 American psychological slasher film directed by Michael Gallagher and made by Level 10 Films. The film stars Caitlin Gerard Melanie Papalia Keith David Shane Dawson Andrew James Allen Toby Turner and Liza Weil. The film was released on October 11 2012.
 Searching for the Elephant (Hangul: 펜트하우스 코끼리; RR: Penteuhauseu Kokkiri; lit. Penthouse Elephant) is a 2009 South Korean psychological thriller written directed and produced by S.K. Jhung (a.k.a. Jhung Seung-koo). It stars Jang Hyuk Jo Dong-hyuk and Lee Sang-woo as three male friends who deal with sex addiction anxiety and other contemporary disorders.It was the last onscreen appearance by Jang Ja-yeon who committed suicide before the film's release.
 Song Man is a 2009 Christian comedy-drama film directed by Trevor L. Smith. It was co-produced by Dan Olds Trevor L. Smith and Robert M. Wilcox and was also co-wrote by Dan Olds and Trevor L. Several of Olds' family members appeared in the film. Smith. The film was released to DVD on February 2 2009.
 Prometheus (/prəˈmiːθɪəs/ pro-MEE-thee-uhs) is a 2012 British-American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace Michael Fassbender Guy Pearce Idris Elba Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron. It is set in the late 21st century and centers on the crew of the spaceship Prometheus as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures.
 Dexter's Laboratory: Ego Trip is a animated film based on the American animated television series Dexter's Laboratory. It was produced by Hanna-Barbera (now Cartoon Network Studios) for Cartoon Network and originally aired on December 10 1999. The special follows Dexter the series' protagonist as he travels forward through time and meets futuristic versions of himself and his rival Mandark.
 The Baltimore Bullet is a 1980 film based on the adventures of two pool hustlers in the United States.It was directed by Robert Ellis Miller and starred James Coburn Bruce Boxleitner and Omar Sharif. The Baltimore Bullet screenplay was written by legendary film and stage dancer John Brascia from a story by Brascia and Robert Vincent O'Neill. Brascia also produced the film.
 Fang and Claw is a 1935 jungle adventure documentary starring Frank Buck. Buck continues his demonstration of the ingenious methods by which he traps wild birds mammals and reptiles in Johore.
 Heaven's Story (ヘヴンズ ストーリー) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Takahisa Zeze. It was screened in the Main Programme of the Forum section at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Prize. It has also won the Séquences Prize at the Fantasia International Film Festival.
 Aaj Ki Dhara is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Mukul Dutt. The film stars Danny Denzongpa.
 The Private War of Major Benson is 1955 comedy film starring Charlton Heston Julie Adams Sal Mineo and Tim Hovey about a tough-talking U.S. Army Officer who must shape up the JROTC program at Sheridan Academy a Catholic boys' military school or be forced out of the Army.The movie was filmed on St. Catherine's Military School campus in 1955 with cadets as the actors in all but the leading roles. Universal-International Studios chose St.
 Breakout is a 1975 action film starring Charles Bronson Jill Ireland Robert Duvall John Huston Sheree North and Randy Quaid.
 Unraveled is a 2011 American documentary film about prominent lawyer Marc Dreier who was arrested for orchestrating a massive fraud scheme that netted hundreds of millions of dollars from hedge funds. Set during his house arrest the film recounts Drier's struggle to prepare for the possibility of life imprisonment with first-person flashbacks of his actions. The film also show Drier's attempts to grasp his tragic unraveling. The film was produced and directed by Marc H.
 Bhakta Tukaram (Telugu: భక్త తుకారాం) is a 1973 Telugu Biographical film produced by Anjali Pictures based on the life of saint poet Tukaram. Akkineni Nageswara Rao played the title role with great devotion. The music score of P. Adinarayana Rao and songs of Ghantasala and others is one of the highest levels in Indian films.
 The Little Ranger is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 169th short in the Our Gang series and the first produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer who purchased the rights to the series from creator Hal Roach.
 La dame de chez Maxim's is a 1950 French comedy film directed by Marcel Aboulker and starring Arlette Poirier Saturnin Fabre and Marcelle Monthil. It is an adaptation of the 1899 farce La Dame de chez Maxim by Georges Feydeau.
 The Bloody Fists (Chinese: 荡寇滩; pinyin: Dàng Kòu Tān) aka Deadly Buddhist Raiders or Death Beach is a 1972 Hong Kong action movie directed by See-Yuen Ng and starring Chen Siu Sing and Kuan Tai Chen. The memorable fight scenes were choreographed by Yuen Woo-ping better known for choreographing Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and The Matrix.
 Wounded: The Bandit Queen is a 2007 Hindi language film that was directed by Krishna Mishra. The film was first released on March 9 2007. The film is based on the true story of Seema Parihar who plays herself in the film.
 Dracula III: Legacy is a 2005 horror film and the sequel to Dracula 2000 and Dracula II: Ascension. The film was directed by Patrick Lussier and stars Jason Scott Lee Jason London Roy Scheider and Diane Neal. It was released direct-to-video on July 12 2005.The role of Dracula is played by Rutger Hauer following Gerard Butler in Dracula 2000 and Stephen Billington in Dracula II: Ascension continuing the theme of Dracula's appearance changing due to regeneration.
 Kutsukake Tokijirō (沓掛時次郎 Kutsukake Tokijirō) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kiyoshi Saeki.It is one of seven films about Kutsukake Tokijirō.
 Irresistible is a 2006 Australian drama mystery film written and directed by Ann Turner and starring Susan Sarandon Sam Neill and Emily Blunt.
 The Iceman is an American crime thriller film based on the true story of longtime notorious hitman Richard Kuklinski. Released in 2013 at the Venice Film Festival the film was directed by Ariel Vromen and stars Michael Shannon as Richard Kuklinski Winona Ryder as his wife Chris Evans and Ray Liotta.The Iceman showed at the 2012 Telluride Film Festival and the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival before receiving a limited release in cinemas in the United States on May 3 2013.
 Million Dollar Crocodile is a 2012 Chinese monster movie directed by Lin Lisheng. The film stars Barbie Hsu Guo Tao Lam Suet and is about a group of people seeking a crocodile that has swallowed a million yuan.The film was released on June 8 2012 and is China's first monster movie.
 Oru Mukham Pala Mukham (Malayalam: ഒരു മുഖം പല മുഖം) is a 1983 Malayalam action film starring Ratheesh Srividya Mohanlal and Mammootty. Ratheesh plays Raveendran Thampi who takes vengeance against Subhadramma Thankachi (Srividya) for killing his family and adopting him. Mohanlal plays the real son of Subhadramma Thankachi while Mammootty plays Raveendran Thampi's real father.
 The Prototype is an upcoming action/science fiction film directed by Andrew Will and being produced by Variant Films Sunrise Pictures and Brillstein Entertainment Partners. The film is about a dying scientist who melds himself with an advanced cybernetic frame to save his own consciousness. He becomes a cyborg and is labelled by the media as a rogue military robot that escaped from a Federal Bureau of Investigation evidence storage facility and hunted down by merciless soldiers.
 Lonelyhearts (also known as Miss Lonelyhearts) is a 1958 drama film directed by Vincent J. Donehue. It is based on the play by Howard Teichmann and the 1933 novel Miss Lonelyhearts by Nathanael West but without the Marxian references.The film stars Montgomery Clift Robert Ryan Myrna Loy Jackie Coogan Dolores Hart and Maureen Stapleton in her first film role. Stapleton was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress as well as for a Golden Globe.
 The Bachelor (Italian: Lo scapolo) is a 1955 film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli starring Alberto Sordi and Nino Manfredi. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Freedom from Despair is a 2004 documentary by Croatian-American director Brenda Brkusic about the Croatian struggle against communism in Yugoslavia. The film was narrated by John Savage. Voiceovers were provided by actors Michael York and Beata Pozniak. Among those interviewed for the film were U.S. congressmen George Radanovich and Dennis Kucinich both of Croatian background.
 Mathil Mel Poonai (English:Cat on the wall) is a 2013 Tamil thriller film written and directed by Barani Jayapal. Vijay Vasanth and Vibha Natarajan play the lead roles in the film. The villains in the film are Karthik Prabha Ramesh. Thambi Ramayya and Meera Krishna share screen space also playing the key roles in the movie. The lyrics for Mathil Mel Punai have been penned by Yugabharathi and Thamarai.
 My Son Is Guilty is a 1939 crime film starring Bruce Cabot and Glenn Ford and directed by Charles Barton.
 Target: Harry (also known as How to Make It) is a 1969 thriller film directed by Roger Corman.
 Irresistable Angel: Suck It All Up (悩殺天使　吸い尽くして Nōsatsu Tenshi: Sūi Tsukushite) aka Sex * Beast * Battle * Front (性☆獣☆戦☆線 Sei☆Jū☆Sen☆Sen) is a 2003 Japanese action-adventure science-fiction-themed pink film directed by Minoru Kunizawa. It was chosen as the fourth best pink film release of the year at the Pink Grand Prix. Other awards won by the film at the ceremony include Best Director Best Screenplay Best Actress 3rd Place and Best Cinematography. The story is a satire of the U.S.
 Women Who Play is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Arthur Rosson and starring Mary Newcomb Benita Hume and George Barraud. In order to deter his wife from having an affair a man hires an actress as part of an elaborate scheme. It was based on the play Spring Cleaning by Frederick Lonsdale.
 Ultraman: The Next released in Japan simply titled ULTRAMAN (ウルトラマン Urutoraman) is a 2004 tokusatsu superhero film. It is part of the Ultra Series' experimental Ultra N Project and features an Ultraman character codenamed The Next. The movie produced by Tsuburaya Productions received its theatrical release in Japan on December 18 2004 distributed by Shochiku.
 SuperTex (2003) is a Dutch film that runs approximately 97 minutes. The drama was filmed in English and directed by Jan Schütte.
 Paanch Dushman is a 1973 Bollywood action film directed by Shyam Ralhan. The film stars Vinod Khanna.It was re-released in 1983 with the name Daulat Ke Dushman.
 Oscar is a French comedy of errors directed by Édouard Molinaro and starring Louis de Funès. In the movie Louis de Funès plays an industrialist named Bertrand Barnier who discovers over the course of a single day that his daughter is pregnant he has been robbed by an employee and various other calamities have befallen his household and his business.An English-language version of the movie was made in 1991 by John Landis under the same name and starring Sylvester Stallone.
 Three Rooms in Manhattan (French: Trois chambres à Manhattan) is a 1965 French drama film filmed in New York City. It is based on the 1946 novel Trois Chambres à Manhattan (which has been translated into English as Three Bedrooms in Manhattan) by Belgian writer Georges Simenon about a romance between François a French actor and Kay an American woman.
 Tian Di also known in United Kingdom as Chinese Untouchables is a 1994 Hong Kong action crime drama film directed by David Lai and starring Andy Lau Damian Lau and Cherie Chan. The film was produced by Lau's film company Teamwork Motion Pictures.
 Aryan (Kannada: ಆರ್ಯನ್) is an upcoming Kannada-language Indian sports drama film. Initially directed by D. Rajendra Babu who died while filming half-way the direction responsiblity went to Chi Guru Dutt. The film is produced by Dhruv Das and D. Kamar under the banner Dreamweaver Entertainment and stars Shivarajkumar and Ramya in the lead roles.
 Hauptmann Florian von der Mühle is an East German film. It was released in 1968.
 The Chosen One is an American animated action-comedy film from 2007. It was directed by Chris Lackey written by Chad Fifer and Chris Lackey produced by Andreas Olavarria and starring Chad Fifer Tim Curry Traci Lords and Lance Henriksen.
 Echo is a Danish film.Awards 2007 Flanders International FILM Festival – Nominated: Grand Prix
 The Last Trimester is a 2006 made for TV movie starring Chandra West Jim ThorburnMatthew Harrison and Lara Gilchrist.
 Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen (English: The Little Jönsson League and the cornflakes coup) is a Swedish film and the first out of four films in the Lilla Jönssonligan film series. It was released on November 29 1996 in Sweden and was directed by Christjan Wegner.The film has been shown several times on the Swedish television channels SVT1 TV3 and TV4. It was released in Germany on September 7 2000 as 'Die Jönnson Bande & der Cornflakes-Raub'.
 Reality Bites is a 1994 romantic comedy-drama film written by Helen Childress and directed by Ben Stiller. It stars Winona Ryder Ethan Hawke and Stiller with supporting roles by Janeane Garofalo and Steve Zahn. The plot follows Lelaina (Ryder) an aspiring videographer working on a documentary called Reality Bites about the disenfranchised lives of her friends and roommates. Their challenges exemplify some of the career and lifestyle choices faced by Generation X.
 Two English Girls (original French title: Les Deux Anglaises et le Continent UK Title: Anne and Muriel) is a 1971 French romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and based on a 1956 novel by Henri-Pierre Roché. Starring Jean-Pierre Léaud as Claude Kika Markham as Anne and Stacey Tendeter as Muriel.The novel was available in its first English translation as of January 2004 translated by Walter Bruno published by Cambridge Book Review Press Cambridge WI.
 Eloise at Christmastime is a live-action film based on the 1958 book of the same name written by Kay Thompson and illustrated by Hilary Knight. The film was produced by Handmade Films and DiNovi Pictures for Walt Disney Television with distribution handled by the ABC Television Network. It was released on both VHS and DVD in 2003 by Buena Vista Home Entertainment.
 Bipolar: A Narration of Manic Depression is a 2011 short film written produced and directed by Daniel Ruczko.The movie follows a fictional writer called Andrew Gony who's suffering from bipolar disorder through his episodes of mania and depression. The movie uses a split-screen to show both mental stages at the same time.
 The Jack-Knife Man is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor.
 Cinta Kura Kura (Turtle love) is a Malaysian film produced by KRU Studios in 2012. It features Tiz Zaqyah Aeril Zafrel and Zizan Razak. It is set for release on 1 March 2012. This films tells us about Nani a bubbly 21-year-old girl and her unique pet turtle Nico.
 Thangachi is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R.Krishnamurthy starring Ramki Pallavi and Seetha in lead roles.
 My Winnipeg is a 2007 film directed and written by Guy Maddin with dialogue by George Toles. Described by Maddin as a docu-fantasia that melds personal history civic tragedy and mystical hypothesizing the film is a surrealist mockumentary about Winnipeg Maddin's home town.
 Warning Sign is a 1985 science fiction-horror film directed by Hal Barwood and starring Sam Waterston Kathleen Quinlan and Yaphet Kotto.
 Just Call Me Nobody (大笑江湖) is a 2010 comedy-martial arts film directed by Kevin Chu. The film is about a bumbling cobbler (Xiao Shen Yang) who becomes a martial arts master.
 The Boy Who Cried Werewolf is a 2010 Nickelodeon made-for-television film starring Victoria Justice Chase Ellison Matt Winston Brooke D'Orsay Steven Grayhm and Brooke Shields. The screenplay was written by Art Edler Brown and Josh Nick. It was filmed in Vancouver British Columbia Canada taking 2 years to complete.
 The Red Horses (Danish: De Røde Heste) is a 1950 Danish romantic drama directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Jon Iversen based on the popular novel by Morten Korch. The film stars Poul Reichhardt and Tove Maës as young newlyweds who try to save an old family farm by winning a horse race. The Red Horses is the most watched Danish film of all time.
 Mystery of the River Boat (1944) is a Universal movie serial.
 Pondatti Thevai is a 1990 Tamil drama film directed by Parthiban. The film features Parthiban and newcomer Ashwini in lead roles. The film produced by A. Sundaram had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 April 1990.
 Inferno also known as Pilgrim is a 2000 film directed by Harley Cokeliss and written by Peter Milligan. It stars Ray Liotta as an amnesiac.
 De Mantel der Liefde is a 1978 Dutch film directed by Adriaan Ditvoorst.
 A Goofy Movie is a 1995 American animated musical comedy film produced by DisneyToon Studios and released in theaters on April 7 1995 by Walt Disney Pictures. The film features characters from The Disney Afternoon television series Goof Troop; the film itself acts as a sequel to the TV show.Directed by Kevin Lima the film's plot revolves around the father-son relationship between Goofy and Max as Goofy believes that he's losing Max.
 The Corner is a 2000 HBO drama television miniseries based on the nonfiction book The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood by David Simon and Ed Burns and adapted for television by Simon and David Mills. It premiered on premium cable network HBO in the United States on April 16 2000 and concluded its six-part run on May 21 2000. The series was released on DVD on July 22 2003.
 Say Goodbye is a 1971 American documentary film about the relationship between man and nature directed by David H. Vowell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.It was narrated by poet Rod McKuen and sponsored by the Ralston-Purina Corporation for its initial broadcast. The theme song Say Goodbye was composed and performed by Dory Previn. The show depicted the plight of various animal species at the hands of man and his influence.
 Stuck in Love is a 2012 American independent romantic Comedy-drama film written and directed by Josh Boone. The film stars Jennifer Connelly Greg Kinnear Lily Collins Nat Wolff and Logan Lerman. It focuses on the complicated relationships between a successful novelist played by Kinnear his ex-wife (Connelly) their college daughter (Collins) and teenage son (Wolff). The film began a limited theatrical release in the United States on July 5 2013.
 Survival Island also known as Three is a 2005 film written and directed by Stewart Raffill. It stars Billy Zane Kelly Brook and Juan Pablo Di Pace.
 Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical film adaptation of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl directed by Mel Stuart and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka.
 Thairiyam (English: Braveness) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by P. Kumaran. Produced by RP Creations the film stars the director himself and Deepu with Karthika also playing a role. The film was released on 29 January 2010.
 Fit for a King is a 1937 American film starring Joe E. Brown and directed by Edward Sedgwick.
 The Field is a 1990 film adaptation of John B. Keane's 1965 play of the same name. It was directed by Jim Sheridan and starred Richard Harris John Hurt Sean Bean Brenda Fricker and Tom Berenger.
 A Self-Made Failure is a lost 1924 silent film feature comedy distributed by Associated First National Pictures later First National Pictures. It was directed by William Beaudine and starred silent comic Lloyd Hamilton and then child actor Ben Alexander. At the time it was one of the longest comedy features ever made. While this film is lost a trailer of it survives in the Library of Congress film collection.
 Little Giant is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello released by Universal Pictures.
 Hurricane Smith is a 1992 film directed by Colin Budds and starring Carl Weathers.Hurricane Smith is an action movie that follows an oil field worker named Billy 'Hurricane' Smith (played by Carl Weathers) as he gets mixed up with drug smugglers on his quest to rescue his sister.
 Volcano High (Hangul: 화산고; RR: Hwasango) the original version is a 2001 South Korean martial arts action comedy film in the same vein as Tenjho Tenge.
 Smiling Irish Eyes (1929) is a sound (All-Talking) American musical film with Technicolor sequences.The film is now considered a lost film. However the Vitaphone discs still exist.
 La noche del pecado (The Night of Sin) is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 15 Maiden Lane is a 1936 American crime film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Claire Trevor Cesar Romero and Lloyd Nolan. The plot involves an insurance investigator (Trevor) who infiltrates a gang who had stolen jewels from the eponymous building on Maiden Lane in the Fulton Street District of Manhattan. The neighborhood had been the center of New York City's Diamond District since the 1800s before its gradual relocation uptown to 47th Street after WWII.
 My Man (1928) is a black and white part-talkie American comedy-drama musical film from Warner Brothers Pictures starring Fannie Brice and Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams The tagline was FANNIE BRICE (The Female Al Jolson) in the SINGING-TALKING VITAPHONE PICTURE MY MAN. This was Fannie Brice's first ever movie at the age of 37. Before she made movies she was a star in the Ziegfeld Follies. At the time this movie was made there were still some silent movies in production and being released.
 Voyage of the Rock Aliens is a 1984 film directed by James Fargo. It stars Pia Zadora and Craig Sheffer.
 Long Shot: The Kevin Laue Story is a 2013 documentary film directed by Franklin Martin with Dutchmen Films and Cinipix. A teenager Kevin Laue pursues his dream to become the first one-armed man to play NCAA Division I basketball. Martin documents the daily struggles of a young man coming to terms with his need for his deceased father’s approval while battling obstacles to fulfill his dream.
 Nong Theng Nakleng-pukhaothong (Thai: โหน่ง เท่ง นักเลงภูเขาทอง or Nong and Teng the Gangsters of Golden Mount) is a 2006 Thai comedy film starring Pongsak Pongsuwan and Choosak Eamsuk.
 Hyde Park Corner is a 1935 British drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Gordon Harker Binnie Hale Henry Tate and Robert Holmes. Harker portrays a policeman investigating a crime in 1930s London which proves to have its origins in the 1780s. The film takes its name from Hyde Park Corner in Central London where the events of the film occur. It was based on a play by Walter C. Hackett.
 Where the Red Fern Grows is a 1974 film directed by Norman Tokar based on the 1961 novel of the same name. It stars James Whitmore Beverly Garland Stewart Petersen and Jack Ging.
 Riverburn is a 2004 short film directed by Jennifer Calvert that won her Best Young Canadian Director of a Short Film at the 2004 Vancouver International Film Festival.The 20 minute film—inspired by Andrei Tarkovsky and Terrence Malick—is about a city girl (Magda Apanowicz) who while briefly left alone on a camping trip meets a city boy sparking a mutual interest.Jason Whyte included the short in his Top 5 list for the Vancouver festival.The short was shot in British Columbia in the summer of 2003.
 Phandebaaz is a 1978 Bollywood action film comedy directed by Samir Ganguly.
 Tsatsiki – vänner för alltid (Tsatsiki – Friends Forever) is a Swedish-Norwegian-Danish drama film directed by Eddie Thomas Petersen released on 25 December 2001 (in Sweden) based on the books about Tsatsiki written by Moni Nilsson-Brännström.
 The Fast and the Furious (or simply Fast & Furious) is an American media franchise including a series of action films produced by Neal H. Moritz which center on illegal street racing and heists and various other media portraying the characters and situations from the films.
 Il Divo (Italian pronunciation: [il ˈdiːvo] The Divine) is a 2008 Italian biographical drama film directed by Paolo Sorrentino. It is based on the figure of former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti. It competed at the Cannes Film Festival in 2008 where it was awarded the Jury Prize. The film also screened at the Toronto International Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2010.
 Il Richiamo del ghiacciaio is a 1952 Italian film.
 Leedvermaak (film) is a 1989 Dutch film directed by Frans Weisz.
 The Lamb (Turkish: Kuzu) is a 2014 Turkish-German drama film directed by Kutluğ Ataman. The film had its premiere in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Thangam is a Tamil film starring Sathyaraj and Goundamani about the life of a village do-gooder in Tamil Nadu.
 Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero action comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita Jr. The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn who co-produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman. Its general release was on 25 March 2010 in the United Kingdom and on 16 April 2010 in the United States.
 Moment by Moment is a 1978 film starring John Travolta and Lily Tomlin. The film was written and directed by Jane Wagner.
 Brotherhood of the Wolf (French: Le Pacte des loups) is a 2001 French historical horror-action film directed by Christophe Gans written by Gans and Stéphane Cabel starring Samuel Le Bihan Mark Dacascos Emilie Dequenne Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel.The film is loosely based on a real-life series of killings that took place in France in the 18th century and the famous legend around the Beast of Gévaudan; Parts of the film were shot at Château de Roquetaillade.
 Bullet in the Flesh or Il piombo e la carne is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Marino Girolami.
 The System (USA: The Girl-Getters) is a 1964 British drama film directed by Michael Winner and starring Oliver Reed Jane Merrow and Barbara Ferris. Julie Christie was originally intended to be in the film but she had to withdraw and was replaced by Julia Foster. The writer was Peter Draper who in this film popularised the word 'grockle' to mean a holiday visitor.
 The Gift of Love: A Christmas Story is a classic Christmas movie originally broadcast on CBS as an annual tradition for more than five years premiering December 20 1983. It starred Lee Remick Angela Lansbury & Polly Holliday. It was produced by Dick Atkins and Michael Lepiner; directed by Academy Award winner Delbert Mann; and written by Earl Hamner Jr. creator of The Waltons and The Homecoming based on the short story The Silent Stars Go By by Bess Streeter Aldrich.
 Maa Bhoomi (Telugu: మా భూమి English: Our land) is a 1979 Telugu film written and produced by B. Narsing Rao based on a play by Kishan Chander on the Telengana Rebellion in Hyderabad State. The film depicts a typical life of villagers under feudalistic society in Telangana region. It was the first feature film of director Goutam Ghose. The film was screened at Karlovy Vary Film Festival Cairo and Sidney Film Festivals.
 The Happiest Millionaire is a 1967 musical film starring Fred MacMurray and based upon the true story of Philadelphia Main Line millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle. The film received an Academy Award nomination for Costume Design by Bill Thomas. The musical song score is by Robert and Richard Sherman. The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book My Philadelphia Father by Cordelia Drexel Biddle.
 Rio is a 2011 American 3D computer-animated musical adventure-comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and directed by Carlos Saldanha. The title refers to the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro where the film is set. The film features the voices of Jesse Eisenberg Anne Hathaway will.i.am Jamie Foxx George Lopez Tracy Morgan Jemaine Clement Leslie Mann Rodrigo Santoro and Jake T. Austin.
 My Little Princess is a 2010 French-Romanian drama film directed by Eva Ionesco and inspired by her relationship with her mother the well-known artistic photographer Irina Ionesco whose pictures of her young daughter aroused discussions when they were published back in the 1970s. The movie illustrates a situation which at first glance seems to be a paradox: whilst revealing more and more of her daughter to the public the mother seems to get increasingly estranged from her and vice versa.
 Francis is a 1950 black-and-white comedy film that launched the Francis the Talking Mule series. It stars Donald O'Connor as an American soldier who gets into trouble when he insists an Army mule named Francis can speak. The distinctive voice of Francis was provided by Chill Wills. It was directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Shiloh Season is a 1999 family/drama film about a boy trying to defend his dog from a man who is constantly under the influence. It is a sequel to the 1996 Shiloh.
 En Priyame is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Sivakumar starring Raveendran and Viji in lead roles.
 Solva Sawan is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Bharathi Rajaa. Music by Jayadev Verma and cinematography by P. S. Nivas.
 Death Wish II is a 1982 crime thriller action film directed by Michael Winner. It is the first of four sequels to the 1974 film Death Wish. In Death Wish II architect Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) moves to Los Angeles with his daughter. After his daughter is murdered at the hands of several gang members Kersey is once again forced to become a vigilante. Unlike the original in which he hunts down every criminal he encounters Kersey only pursues his family's attackers.
 Lady Killer (French: Gueule d'amour) is a 1937 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon and starring Jean Gabin.
 Yesterday's Enemy is a 1959 Hammer Films British war film directed by Val Guest and starring Stanley Baker Guy Rolfe Leo McKern and Gordon Jackson set in the Burma Campaign during World War II. It is based on a 1958 BBC teleplay by Peter R. Newman who turned it into a three act play in 1960. Gordon Jackson repeated his role from the BBC teleplay as Sgt. Ian Mackenzie.
 Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra (French: Astérix et Obélix : Mission Cléopâtre) is a 2002 French film based on the comic book Astérix et Cléopâtre by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo and a sequel for the 1999 movie Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar. It was the most expensive French movie at that time.
 Ek Bechara is a 1972 Hindi film produced by B.N. Ghosh and directed by S. M. Abbas. The film stars Jeetendra Rekha Vinod Khanna Pran Johnny Walker and Bindu. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 No One Can Achieve Perfection (Faroese: Eingin kann gera tað perfekta) is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir. It is a portrait of the Faroese sculptor Hans Pauli Olsen (born 1957).
 Down the Shore is a 2011 film directed by Harold Guskin starring James Gandolfini and Famke Janssen. It has a 55% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 11 reviews.
 Veedevadandi Babu is a 1997 Telugu comedy film written and directed by EVV Satyanarayana a remake of Tamil film Ullathai Allitha starring Mohan Babu Shilpa Shetty and Tanikella Bharani.
 The Shanghai Document (Russian: Шанхайский документ) is an early documentary film. This silent film was directed by Yakov Bliokh (Яков Блиох1895-1957) and was released in the USSR in 1928.The film portrays Shanghai China in the early 1920s.
 Sekstet is a 1963 Danish film directed by Annelise Hovmand. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Love (1927) is a silent film directed by Edmund Goulding and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. MGM made the film in order to capitalize on its winning romantic team of Greta Garbo and John Gilbert who had starred in the 1926 blockbuster Flesh and the Devil.Taking full advantage of the star power a drama was scripted based on Leo Tolstoy's timeless novel Anna Karenina.
 Three Little Sew and Sews (1939) is the 36th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Human Nature is a 2001 American-French comedy-drama film written by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Michel Gondry. The film stars Tim Robbins Rhys Ifans Miranda Otto and Patricia Arquette. It was screened out of competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Broth of a Boy is a 1959 Irish comedy film directed by George Pollock and starring Barry Fitzgerald Harry Brogan and June Thorburn. A television reporter sets out on a quest to find a very elderly man.
 Drohi (Tamil: துரோகி turōki IPA: [d̪uɾoːɡi] ? English: Traitor) is an 2010 Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by Sudha K. Prasad starring Srikanth Vishnu Poorna Poonam Bajwa and Pooja Umashanker in lead roles. The film released on 10 September 2010 to positive reviews.
 High Times' Potluck is a 2002 comedy film by High Times that revolves around a mobster in Manhattan who discovers the magic of marijuana.This comedy follows a suitcase of high-grade marijuana from the farm where it was grown to its eventual distribution in New York.
 Blue Skies is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Bing Crosby Fred Astaire and Joan Caulfield. Based on a story by Irving Berlin the film is about a dancer who loves a showgirl who loves a compulsive nightclub-opener who can't stay committed to anything in life for very long. Produced by Sol C. Siegel Blue Skies was filmed in Technicolor and released by Paramount Pictures.
 The Truth About Alex is a 1986 short made-for-television film. Based on the book Counterplay by Ann Snyder The Truth About Alex tells the story of Alex Prager a high school student who is inadvertently outed as gay and the difficulty his best friend Brad has in coming to terms with it. The telefilm stars Scott Baio as Brad and Peter Spence as Alex.The film is a Canadian-American co-production airing in the United States on HBO.
 Kein Mann zum Heiraten is a 1959 Austrian film directed by Hans Deppe.
 Barney's Big Surprise (also known as La Gran Sorpresa de Barney in Latin America) was Barney the Dinosaur's first national tour. The show started in 1996 and the video was released in 1998. During the 1997 touring it was the winner of Performance Magazines 1997 Readers Poll Award for Best Variety/Family Show Tour of the Year. The show was taped at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
 Another Gay Movie is a 2006 gay romantic comedy film directed by Todd Stephens. It satirically follows four gay friends Andy Jarod Nico and Griff who vow upon graduating high school that they will all lose their anal virginity before their bull dyke friend Muffler's big Labor Day party. Each of the boys botches various opportunities to fulfill the pact until the night of the party when each guy becomes successful.
 Strike is an Australian film directed by George Young. It is considered a lost film.
 Awarapan (Hindi: आवारापन) is a 2007 Bollywood action crime-thriller film produced by Mukesh Bhatt and directed by Mohit Suri. It is the first joint production film between India and Pakistan. It stars Emraan Hashmi Shriya Saran and Mrinalini Sharma in lead roles. Awarapan released in India on 29 June 2007 under the banner of Vishesh Films to widespread critical acclaim. This film's success was mostly credited to its immensely popular music score composed by Pritam.
 Happy-Go-Lucky is a 2008 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Leigh. The screenplay focuses on a cheerful and optimistic primary-school teacher and her relationships with those around her. The film was well received by critics and resulted in a number of awards for Leigh lead actress Sally Hawkins and supporting actor Eddie Marsan.
 Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science fiction comedy film and the second installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis who directed all three films scripted by Bob Gale and stars Michael J. Fox Christopher Lloyd Thomas F. Wilson and Lea Thompson. The plot of Part II picks up where the original film left off. After repairing the damage to history done by his previous time travel adventures Marty McFly (Fox) and his friend Dr.
 Jenny and the Soldier (Danish: Soldaten og Jenny) is a 1947 Danish dramatic film written and directed by Johan Jacobsen. The black-and-white film is based on a stage play written by Danish playwright Carl Erik Soya. The gritty romantic drama received critical praise for its authentic portrayal of everyday life. Jacobsen received the very first Bodil Award for Best Danish Film while both Poul Reichhardt and Bodil Kjer were awarded Bodils for their leading roles.
 Hitting a New High is a 1937 comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Lily Pons and Jack Oakie. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938 in the category Best Sound (John Aalberg).
 Over The Border is a lost American film released by Paramount Pictures in 1922. It stars Betty Compson and Tom Moore in a story about love and thrills beneath the Northern Lights. It was adapted from She of the Triple Chevron by Sir Gilbert Parker.
 A Gran Plan is a 2012 English independent drama film written and directed by Sangeeta Nambiar and produced by Prema Menon under the banner of Playacting Productions. It features veteran Indian actress Farida Jalal in the lead role.
 The Gang Show is a 1937 British musical film about a Boy Scout Troop who stage a variety show to raise funds when the lease of their meeting place expires.The film was a vehicle for material from Ralph Reader's Gang Shows that had been successful on the stage in London's West End since 1932; the songs included the Gang Show anthem; Crest of a Wave.
 Skinwalkers is a 2006 horror-action film about werewolves and was released in the United States by Lions Gate Entertainment and After Dark Films. Directed by James Isaac it stars Jason Behr Elias Koteas Rhona Mitra and Tom Jackson. The film was originally announced for theatrical release on December 1 2006 but was delayed until August 10.
 Abdulla the Great also known as Abdullah's Harem is a 1955 comedy film made by Misr Universal Cairo and Sphinx Films and distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed and produced by Gregory Ratoff from a screenplay by Boris Ingster and George St. George based on the novel My Kingdom for a Woman by Ismet Regeila.
 Shortcut to Happiness is a 2003 film adaptation of the Stephen Vincent Benet classic short story The Devil and Daniel Webster. It stars Anthony Hopkins as Daniel Webster Alec Baldwin as Jabez Stone and Jennifer Love Hewitt as The Devil. Baldwin also directed the film.It was plagued with financial difficulties and the film was shelved for several years. In 2007 Yari Film Group released the film to theaters.
 Horror Island is a 1941 black and white horror film made by Universal Studios based on an original story by Alex Gottlieb. It was directed by George Waggner and the screenplay was written by Maurice Tombragel and Victor McLeod. It stars Dick Foran Peggy Moran Leo Carrillo Eddie Parker Dale Van Sickle John Eldredge Lewis Howard Hobart Cavanaugh Iris Adrian and Fuzzy Knight. Foy Van Dolsen plays the monstrous villain Panama Pete alias The Phantom.
 Reconvergence is a 2012 documentary film directed by Edward Tyndall featuring the lives and views of four characters: naturalist Eustace Conway scientist Preston Estep historian Waite Rawls and poet Caleb Whitaker. The film features a wide exploration of their views on history memory consciousness and the changes wrought by technologies. The film screened at various American film festivals and was distributed by Mobius Films.
 Blood Theater (a.k.a. Movie House Massacre) is an Independent Film Slasher/Horror Comedy. It was the first feature film by director Rick Sloane.
 Soriano is a documentary on the life of Osvaldo Soriano by Eduardo Montes-Bradley. Soriano includes rare footage filmed by Osvaldo Soriano (The protagonist) and friends during the early 1960s. Shot in Milano Rome Paris Lintz Am Rhein Brussels and Buenos Aires the documentary follows on the footsteps of the Argentine writer in an attempt to reconstruct his life in exile after the military coup which forced many intellectuals in Argentina to seek refuge in Europe.
 Ways to Strength and Beauty (German: Wege zu Kraft und Schönheit) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Nicholas Kaufmann and Wilhelm Prager. The film was produced by Ufa-Kulturfilmabteilung of Weimar Germany.The action was an idealized somewhat naive approximation to the health and beauty in conformity with nature.
 The Rawhide Terror is a 1934 American film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and Jack Nelson.
 New Faces of 1937 aka Young People (USA – working title) is a black and white 1937 American musical film. Its plot is similar to The Producers (1968).
 Lost Horizon is a 1973 American musical film directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Peter Finch John Gielgud Liv Ullmann Michael York Sally Kellerman Bobby Van George Kennedy Olivia Hussey James Shigeta and Charles Boyer.The film is a remake of Frank Capra's film of the same name with a screenplay by Larry Kramer. Both the 1937 version and this one adapted their story from James Hilton's novel Lost Horizon.This was the final film produced by Ross Hunter.
 The Winning of Barbara Worth is a 1926 American Western silent film directed by Henry King and starring Ronald Colman Vilma Bánky and Gary Cooper in his first feature role. Based on the novel The Winning of Barbara Worth by Harold Bell Wright the film is about an engineer who vies with a local cowboy for the affections of a rancher's daughter while building an irrigation system for a Southwestern desert community.
 Lemon Tree (Arabic: شجرة ليمون; Hebrew: עץ לימון - Etz Limon) is a 2008 Israeli drama film directed by Eran Riklis and co-directed by his cousin Ira Riklis. It stars Hiam Abbass Ali Suliman Danny Leshman Rona Lipaz-Michael Tarik Kopty Amos Lavi Lana Zreik and Amnon Wolf. The film describes the legal efforts of a Palestinian widow to stop the Israeli Defense Minister her next door neighbor from destroying the lemon trees in her family farm.
 The War Lover is a 1962 British black-and-white war film directed by Philip Leacock and written by Howard Koch loosely based on the 1959 novel The War Lover by John Hersey altering the names of characters and events but retaining its basic framework. It stars Steve McQueen Robert Wagner Shirley Anne Field Ed Bishop and features a young Michael Crawford.The war itself is not the most important element of the film.
 Heidi 4 Paws is a feature-length children's film that retells the classic story of Heidi using dogs in all the acting roles. Heidi 4 Paws was syndicated to public television stations in the United States through American Public Television and WTTW Chicago in November/December 2008. Based on the story of the little Swiss orphan by Johanna Spyri Heidi 4 Paws closely follows the original 1880 best-selling novel but with a canine twist.
 The Clown Barber is an 1898 British short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by the Scottish film pioneer James Williamson. The film was produced in Brighton and Hove. The actual film is 21.34 m long.
 Jealousy (Polish:Zazdrosc) is a 1922 Polish silent drama film directed by Wiktor Bieganski and starring Zofia Jaroszewska Mariusz Maszynski and Antoni Piekarski.
 Chase a Crooked Shadow is a 1958 British suspense film starring Richard Todd Anne Baxter and Herbert Lom.
 True Crime is a 1996 film directed by Pat Verducci and starring Alicia Silverstone and Kevin Dillon.
 Mushrooming (Estonian: Seenelkäik) is a 2012 Estonian comedy film directed by Toomas Hussar. The film was selected as the Estonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Bear's Kiss is a 2002 dramatic fantasy romance film directed by Sergei Bodrov.A German Swedish Russian Spanish French and Italian co-production it tells the story of the circus girl Lola who raises a bear from cubhood. When she discovers that the bear named Misha can transform into a young man a secret romance between the two ensues. The film stars Rebecka Liljeberg as Lola and Sergei Bodrov Jr.
 Doppelherz (or Doppleherz) is a short surrealist film by Marilyn Manson that runs for 25 minutes and was included on a Bonus DVD that came with some releases of Marilyn Manson's fifth studio album The Golden Age of Grotesque released in 2003.
 El Perseguidor is a 1965 Argentine film.
 The Gay Desperado (1936) is a comedy film starring Ida Lupino Leo Carrillo and Nino Martini and directed by Rouben Mamoulian produced by Mary Pickford and originally released by United Artists. The film was restored by the UCLA Film and Television Archive and the Mary Pickford Foundation and released on DVD in 2006 by Milestone Pictures after being out of distribution for many years.
 The Prince's Manuscript (Italian: Il manoscritto del Principe) is a 2000 Italian biographical drama film. It marked the feature film debut of Roberto Andò. It won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Production.
 Mome Ki Gudiya is a 1972 Hindi film produced and directed by Mohan Kumar. The film stars Tanuja Premnath Jeevan Helen Om PrakashNazir Hussain and Ratan Chopra. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal and the lyrics by Anand Bakshi
 The Last Days of Pompeii (1950) (French: Les Derniers Jours de Pompéi) (Italian: Gli ultimi giorni di Pompei) is a black and white French-Italian drama film directed by Marcel L'Herbier in collaboration with Paolo Moffa who was also the director of production. It was adapted from Edward Bulwer-Lytton's novel The Last Days of Pompeii. The film has also been known as Sins of Pompeii.
 Memories of the Sword (Hangul: 협녀: 칼의 기억; RR: Hyubnyeo: Kalui Kieok; lit. Female Warrior: Memories of the Sword) is an upcoming South Korean period drama film starring Jeon Do-yeon Lee Byung-hun and Kim Go-eun and directed by Park Heung-shik.
 Juggernaut is a British crime thriller film produced in 1974.
 Music for a Blue Train is a 48-minute 2003 documentary about busker musicians in the Montreal Metro subway train system.
 The Babysitters is a 2007 independent drama film directed by David Ross. It stars John Leguizamo Cynthia Nixon and Katherine Waterston. The story follows a teenager who turns her babysitting service into a call girl service for married men after fooling around with one of her customers.
 Beast Wars II: Lio Convoy in Immnient Danger! (ビーストウォーズII ライオコンボイ危機一髪! Bīsuto Wōzu Sekando: Raio Konboi Kiki Ippatsu!) is a 1998 Japanese film based on the Beast Wars II anime series a Japan-only spinoff of the Beast Wars television show. The movie was never released outside of Japan because Beast Wars II aired only in Japan as a filler between dubbing the first and second seasons of Beast Wars.
 Bunyan and Babe is an upcoming computer animated feature film. It is directed by Jim Rygiel and Tony Bancroft and features the voices of John Goodman as Paul Bunyan and Jeff Foxworthy as Babe the Blue Ox.
 Família Vende Tudo is a 2011 Brazilian film.
 Country Strong (originally titled Love Don’t Let Me Down) is a 2010 drama film starring Gwyneth Paltrow Tim McGraw Garrett Hedlund and Leighton Meester. The film about an emotionally unstable country music star who attempts to resurrect her career was directed and written by American filmmaker Shana Feste. It premiered in Nashville Tennessee on November 8 2010 and had a wide release in the United States on January 7 2011.
 In the Name of the Pope King or In nome del papa re is a 1977 Italian drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni. Starring Nino Manfredi it was not released in USA until 1986. The score was composed by Armando Trovajoli.
 CyberWorld (also known as CyberWorld 3D) is a 2000 3-D comedy anthology film shown in IMAX and/or IMAX 3D presented by Intel. Several segments originally filmed in 2-D are showcased as converted to 3-D format.
 From the Rough is a sports drama film based on the true story of Catana Starks a former Tennessee State Tigers swim coach who became the first woman ever to coach a college men’s golf team.
 L'Animal (1977) is an action-comedy film directed by Claude Zidi and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Raquel Welch
 Eversmile New Jersey (Spanish: Eterna sonrisa de New Jersey) is an Argentine and British comedy-drama film released in 1989 directed by Carlos Sorín and written by Sorín Jorge Goldenberg and Roberto Scheuer.The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis as dentist Dr. Fergus O'Connell. Eversmile New Jersey premiered on September 11 1989 at the Toronto Film Festival in Canada.
 The Secret Land is a 1948 American documentary film about an American expedition code-named Operation High Jump to explore Antarctica. It won the Academy Award for Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Prem Prem Paaglaami is a Bangladeshi Romantic & action Drama film directed by Shafi Uddin Shafi . The film was produced by Diganta Kathchitra. The film featured Bappy Chowdhury Achol Amit Hasan & Shiva Shanu . Prem Prem Paaglaami was released on 60 screens.This Movie Is Mix Of Telugu Movie Krisha and others 2 and three South Indian Movie
 The Bold Men was the first of three documentaries William Friedkin made for producer David Wolper.
 Walk of Shame is an upcoming American comedy film written and directed by Steven Brill. The film was released in the United States on May 2 2014 by Focus Features. The film stars Elizabeth Banks James Marsden Gillian Jacobs Sarah Wright Ethan Suplee Oliver Hudson and Willie Garson.
 Der kleine Kuno is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Chor Ho To Aisa is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ravi Tandon. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha Reena Roy and Bindu .
 ZR-7: The Red House Seven is a Nigerian Drama/Adventure film written directed and produced by the duo of Olufemi D. Ogunsanwo & Udoka Oyeka; starring Norbert Young Ayinla O. Abdulakeem Yakubu Abashiya Adeyemi Okanlawon Rilwan Mohammed Ife Komolafe and Udoka Oyeka. The film was nominated for an African Academy award at the 2012 African Movie Academy Awards.
 The Broken Pledge is a 1915 silent comedy film starring Wallace Beery and Gloria Swanson. Off screen Beery and Swanson were briefly married.
 The Wagon and the Star (or Waggon with 2x g) was a 1936 New Zealand film by producer/director J.J.W. Pollard the editor of the Southland Times who also wrote the screenplay. Only one reel of the film and some out-takes survive. The handbuilt camera used was built by Ted Coubray and confiscated by Alexander Markey on the set of Hei Tiki.
 Ambuli is a 2012 Tamil science-fiction thriller film directed by Hari Shankar and Hareesh Narayan who earlier directed Orr Eravuu (2010). The film was made in stereoscopic format making it the first 3-D film in Tamil cinema. It has also Dubbed in Hindi Under the Title Kaal Purush.
 Between Midnight and Dawn is a 1950 American film noir directed by Gordon Douglas starring Mark Stevens Edmond O'Brien and Gale Storm.
 De Scheepsjongens van Bontekoe (English translation: The Ship-boys of Bontekoe) is a 2007 Dutch family film directed by Steven de Jong.The film received a Golden Film for 100000 visitors.The film is based on the book De Scheepsjongens van Bontekoe.
 Juice is a 1992 American crime drama film that stars rapper Tupac Shakur and Omar Epps. Additional cast members include Jermaine Huggy Hopkins Khalil Kain and Samuel L. Jackson; the film features cameo appearances by Queen Latifah EPMD Special Ed Ed Lover Doctor Dré Flex Alexander Fab Five Freddy Yo-Yo Donald Faison and Treach. The film was directed by cinematographer Ernest R.
 La Dama del collar is a 1949 Argentine film.
 River's End is a 1930 all-talking drama film directed by Michael Curtiz. It stars Charles Bickford and Evalyn Knapp. Bickford plays two roles a Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) sergeant and the man he is after. The film is the second of three adaptations of the bestselling novel The River's Edge by James Oliver Curwood the others being released in 1920 and 1940.
 Raaste Kaa Patthar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Mukul Dutt. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Shatrughan Sinha. It is similar to the movie The Apartment as it follows almost the same storyline until the end.
 Jungle Siren is a 1942 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Carlos is a 1971 West German Western television film which has transplanted the story of Friedrich Schiller's play Don Carlos from 16th century Spain to a 1915 American Western style environment. According to some the setting should be somewhere in southern Europe while others claim it's somewhere in the southwestern United States. Due to complicated contracts and shooting problems it never had the theatrical release that was intended and was instead shown on German TV.
 A.V. (青春梦工场; Qing chun meng gong chang) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung.
 Down to Earth is a 2001 comedy film directed by Chris and Paul Weitz and written by Chris Rock and Louis C.K. It is the third film adaptation based on Harry Segall's stageplay Heaven Can Wait preceded by Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941) and Heaven Can Wait (1978). The film stars Chris Rock as Lance Barton a comedian who is killed before his time on Earth is through. He is given another chance to continue his life but in the body of an elderly rich white man.
 The Rough Riders (1927) is a silent film released by Paramount Pictures and starring Charles Farrell Mary Astor and Noah Beery. This fictional account of Theodore Roosevelt's military unit in Cuba was directed by Victor Fleming.This film had an alternate release name The Trumpet Call.Fragment and/or incomplete prints of this movie are extant at the Museum of Modern Art and the Library of Congress.
 Angel also known as the Real Life of Angel Deverell is a 2007 British film based on the novel of the same name by Elizabeth Taylor about the life of a fiery and passionate young writer. The protagonist was portrayed by Romola Garai; other characters were played by Sam Neill and Charlotte Rampling.
 Desperate But Not Serious is a 1999 movie directed by Bill Fishman. It was released in the USA under the title Reckless + Wild.
 Immortally Yours also known as Kiss of The Vampire is a 2009 American direct-to-DVD vampire romance film. Directed by Joe Tornatore the film was co-produced by Frank D. Russo together with Katherine Hawks who wrote the script and also stars in a leading role alongside of Daniel Goddard and Eric Etebari.
 Gioco al massacro (internationally released as Massacre Play and The Wounded King) is a 1989 Italian thriller-drama film directed by Damiano Damiani.
 A Kink in the Picasso is a 1990 Australian film directed by Marc Gracie. It was filmed in Melbourne from October to November 1989.
 Breakthrough was a 1950 film starring John Agar about an American infantry unit in World War II. Approximately one-third of the film was assembled from preexisting footage.
 Chaarfutiya Chhokare is an upcoming Bollywood Hindi social thriller film directed by Manish Harishankar and produced by Vibha Dutta Khosla. The storyline is based on the subject of child-trafficking. The film features Soha Ali Khan and Zakir Hussain.
 Little Moth (Chinese: 血蝉; pinyin: xuè chán) directed by Peng Tao is a 2007 narrative independent Chinese film. The story revolves around a young girl who is forced to beg for money on the streets by a poor couple who has purchased her from a trafficker for this purpose.
 Double Dealing is a 1932 British film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Richard Cooper Frank Pettingell and Zoe Palmer.
 X Marks the Spot is a 1942 American war film directed by George Sherman. It is a remake of the 1931 film of the same name.
 The Side Show of Life (1924) is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky directed by Herbert Brenon and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film is based on the novel The Mountebank by William J. Locke which had been turned into a play by Ernest Denny. Ernest Torrence stars in the role of a clown during World War I similar to that of Lon Chaney's in He Who Gets Slapped that same year and Brenon's Laugh Clown Laugh four years later.
 Vigilante is a 1983 American vigilante film directed by William Lustig. It stars Robert Forster and Fred Williamson.
 Soeur Sourire is a Belgian biographical drama film directed by Stijn Coninx and written by Coninx Ariane Fert and Chris Vander Stappen. The film stars Cécile de France as Jeanine Deckers (also known as The Singing Nun). The film's English language title is Sister Smile. The film won the Magritte Award for Best Costume Design.
 El Grito sagrado is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Monsieur Lazhar is a 2011 Canadian French-language drama film directed by Philippe Falardeau. The screenplay was developed from Bashir Lazhar a one-character play by Évelyne de la Chenelière. The film was nominated for the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards. The film was released theatrically in the United States on 13 April 2012 by distributor Music Box Films.
 The Red Pony is a 1973 made for television American film directed and co-written by Robert Totten based on the novel The Red Pony by John Steinbeck. The film features Henry Fonda Maureen O'Hara Ben Johnson and Jack Elam.
 Call Girl is a 1974 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Vijay Kapoor.
 Tormented (ラビット・ホラー３Ｄ rabitto horā 3D) is a 2011 Japanese horror film directed by Takashi Shimizu. The film involves Kiriko (Hikari Mitsushima) and her younger half-brother Daigo (Takeru Shibuya) who are haunted by a large rabbit-doll. Tormented premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival on September 7 2011.
 Buddy Cops formerly known as Holy Beast Cops (Chinese: 神獸刑警) is an upcoming Hong Kong action crime comedy film directed by Peter Chik and starring Michael Tse Bosco Wong King Kong Vincent Lam and Lisa Cheng. Filming officially began on 2 April 2012 and wrapped up on 25 May 2012.
 Khubsoorat is a 1980 Indian Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee whose direction together with dialogues by Gulzar.The film won the 1981 Filmfare Best Movie Award. The lead actress Rekha won her first Filmfare Best Actress Award for her role as Manju Dayal (she was also nominated for a role in the film Judaai that year).
 WillFull is a 2002 Australian film.
 That Lady in Ermine is a 1948 American musical film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. The screenplay by Samson Raphaelson is based on the operetta Die Frau im Hermelin by Rudolph Schanzer and Ernst Welisch.Although Lubitsch received sole credit as director he died after only eight days of filming and the project was completed by Otto Preminger.
 Oglinda (The Mirror) also known as Începutul adevărului (The Beginning of Truth) is a controversial 1993 film by Romanian director Sergiu Nicolaescu. It depicts Romania during World War II focusing on the Royal Coup that toppled Ion Antonescu the Axis-allied Conducător and authoritarian Prime Minister.
 Eagles is a 2012 Israeli drama film directed by Dror Sabo.
 Big Ten Icons is a television show in the Big Ten Network that showcases outstanding Big Ten athletes. Its subjects range over a wide period of time and include all sports. The series began in the fall of 2010 and featured 20 episodes each one featuring a different Big Ten college athlete and ranked in order.
 The Lady Vanishes is a 2013 British television drama film directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and a co-production of the BBC and Masterpiece Films. It is based on the novel The Wheel Spins by Ethel Lina White (1876–1944).
 Welcome to Dongmakgol (Hangul: 웰컴 투 동막골; RR: Welkeom tu dongmakgol) is a 2005 South Korean film. Based on the same-titled long-running stage play by filmmaker/playwright Jang Jin Park Kwang-hyun's debut film was a commercial and critical success.The story is set in Korea during the Korean War in 1950.
 Andarivaadu (Telugu: అందరివాడు) is a 2005 Tollywood comedy film directed by Srinu Vytla. The film stars Chiranjeevi Rimi Sen Tabu and Prakash Raj. This movie was commercially successful though not critically acclaimed.It has been dubbed in Hindi as EK AUR HIMMATWALA
 Wednesday's Luck is a 1936 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring Wilson Coleman Susan Bligh Patrick Barr and Moore Marriott. A detective goes undercover to infiltrate a gang of criminals.
 Mother Jugs & Speed is a 1976 black comedy film directed by Peter Yates. It stars Bill Cosby (Mother) Raquel Welch (Jugs) Harvey Keitel (Speed) and Larry Hagman as employees of an independent ambulance service trying to survive in Los Angeles.
 Dubai is a 2001 Malayalam thriller film directed by Joshiy with Mammootty N. F. VargheseBiju Menonand Anjala Zaveri in the main roles. The script for the film was done by Renji Panicker. Dubai speaks about the fight of Ravi Mamman a Dubai based business tycoon against his enemies.Barring a few scenes in the beginning the film was completely shot from U. A. E.. It was considered one of the most expensive films made in Malayalam until then.
 New Morals for Old is a 1932 American Pre-code romance-drama produced and distributed by MGM. The film was based on a 1931 Broadway play After All. Humphrey Bogart had a significant role in the play. His part was played by David Newell in the film.The film is noteworthy for having elements that would later be forbidden under the Motion Picture Production Code. There is very brief nudity albeit in shadows and by a non-speaking character (the model in the painters' studio).
 The Cape of Good Hope is a 2004 South African comedy drama film written and produced by Suzanne Kay Bamford and her husband Mark Bamford under the direction of Mark Bamford. It was Mark Bamford's first feature film after his critically praised short Hero (2001).The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and the Cannes Film Festival in 2004.
 Pixar Short Films Collection Volume 2 is the second DVD and Blu-ray compilation of the Pixar short animated films following the 2007 Pixar Short Films Collection Volume 1 and 1996 Tiny Toy Stories. It features 12 shorts that were released from 2007 through 2012 and it includes some student films from Pixar's directors as a bonus feature. Volume 2 was released on November 13 2012 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment.
 When Tomorrow Comes is a 1939 romantic drama film starring Irene Dunne and Charles Boyer. A waitress falls in love with a man who later turns out to be a married concert pianist. Bernard B. Brown won the Academy Award for Best Sound.A scene in the movie where the two protagonists take refuge from a storm in a church was the subject of Cain v. Universal Pictures a case in which the writer James M. Cain sued Universal Pictures the scriptwriter and the director for copyright infringement.
 Världens bästa Karlsson is a 1974 Swedish family film directed by Olle Hellbom. It is based on a book about Karlsson-on-the-Roof by Astrid Lindgren.
 La Santa del barrio (The Saint of the Neighbourhood) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 White Cargo (1942) is a film starring Hedy Lamarr and Walter Pidgeon and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is based on the 1923 London and Broadway hit play by Leon Gordon which was in turn adapted from the novel Hell's Playground by Ida Vera Simonton. The play had already been made into a British part-talkie also titled White Cargo with Maurice Evans in 1929. The 1942 film unlike the play begins in what was then the present day and uses a flashback technique.
 Infected is an American science-fiction action-horror film.
 The Bewitched Inn (French: L'auberge ensorcelée) was a short silent film created and released in 1897 and directed by Georges Méliès.
 Hold That Ghost is a 1941 comedy horror film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello and featuring Joan Davis Evelyn Ankers and Shemp Howard.On August 1 1941 Abbott and Costello performed a live version of the film for radio audiences on Louella Parsons' Hollywood Premiere.
 Ghost Stories of Wanderer at Honjo (怪談本所七不思議 Kaidan Honjo Nanafushigi) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Goro Katano. It is Japanese horror film (J-Horror) based on the story Seven Wonders of Honjo (本所七不思議 Honjo Nanafushigi).
 Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon is a 2000 wuxia film. An American-Chinese-Hong Kong-Taiwanese co-production the film was directed by Ang Lee and featured an international cast of ethnic Chinese actors including Chow Yun-Fat Michelle Yeoh Zhang Ziyi and Chang Chen. The film was based on the fourth novel in a pentalogy known in China as the Crane Iron Pentalogy by wuxia novelist Wang Dulu.
 The Girl of the Golden West is a 1938 musical western film. It was adapted from the play of the same name by David Belasco better known for providing the plot of the opera La fanciulla del West by Giacomo Puccini. A frontier woman falls in love with an outlaw.
 The Cat Piano is an award winning animated short film directed by Eddie White and Ari Gibson and narrated by Nick Cave.
 Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov (Russian: Песнь про купца Калашникова translit. Pesn pro kuptsa Kalashnikova) is a 1909 Russian silent film directed by Vasily Goncharov. The film is believed to be lost.
 La Vida de una mujer is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Lonely Boy is a 1962 cinéma vérité documentary about former teen sensation Paul Anka. The film takes its name from Anka's hit song Lonely Boy which he performs to screaming fans in the film.
 Uncle Buck is a 1989 John Hughes comedy film starring John Candy and Amy Madigan with Jean Louisa Kelly Gaby Hoffmann Macaulay Culkin Jay Underwood and Laurie Metcalf in supporting roles.
 Evil Thoughts originally titled Cattivi pensieri and also known as Who Mislaid My Wife? is a 1976 Italian comedy film written directed and starred by Ugo Tognazzi.
 Charlie's Angels: Season Four was the fourth season to Charlie's Angels. The season starred Jaclyn Smith Cheryl Ladd David Doyle and introduced Shelley Hack as Tiffany Welles the newest member of the team as a police graduate from Boston. Original Angel Farrah Fawcett also appears in three episodes. Season Four originally aired from September 12 1979 to May 7 1980.
 Urchin is a 2007 film about a homeless boy living in a New York City underground mole people community called Scum-City.
 Harmony Heaven is a 1930 British musical film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Polly Ward Stuart Hall and Trilby Clark. It was one of Britain's first two musical films along with Raise the Roof.
 Sulang Kirilli (The Wind Bird) is a 2002 Sinhalese language feature film directed by Inoka Sathyangani which won many Sri Lankan and international awards deals with a village girl employed in a garment factory who is caught up between the legal limits of abortion and societal reactions to an out-of-wedlock birth.The synopsis of the filmRathie is a young girl from a remote village working in a suburban garment factory. She befriends a young soldier and falls in love.
 God's Gift to Women (1931) is a all-talking pre-code musical romantic comedy film released by Warner Brothers and starring Frank Fay Laura LaPlante Louise Brooks and Joan Blondell. The film was based on the play called The Devil Was Sick by Jane Hinton and was originally completed as a musical film. Due to audience distaste for musicals however all the songs were cut in all U.S. prints. The complete film was released intact in other countries where there was no such decline in popularity.
 Stolen Desire (盗まれた欲情 Nusumareta yokujō) is a 1958 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. This was the first film Imamura directed.
 Ostatnia misja (The Last Mission) is a Polish film directed by Wojciech Wójcik. It was filmed in 1999 from 6 January to 1 March.The band O.N.A. created the music for the film.
 Oasis is a 1955 French adventure film directed by Yves Allégret. It was based on novel by Joseph Kessel who co-wrote screenplay with Ben Barzman and Georges Kessel. The film stars Michèle Morgan Cornell Borchers Carl Raddatz and Pierre Brasseur. It tells the story of two female smugglers and an inexperienced gold smuggler.
 Sura ('Shark') is a 2010 Tamil action film written and directed by S. P. Rajkumar starring Vijay in the lead role starring in his 50th film along with Tamannaah. Sura was produced by Sangili Murugan and distributed by Sun Pictures.
 Hype! (1996) is a documentary directed by Doug Pray about the popularity of grunge rock in the early to mid-1990s United States. It incorporates interviews and rare concert footage to trace the steps of grunge from its subversive inception in neighborhood basements to its explosion as a pop culture phenomenon. Hype! shows grunge from the point of view of people within the grunge scene and attempts to dispel some of the myths of the genre promulgated by media hype hence the title.
 Mohabbath is a 2011 Malayalam–language musical romance film directed and produced by East Coast Vijayan. It stars Meera Jasmine Munna and Anand Michael in the lead roles. Written by Siddique Shameer based on his own novel Kalippavakal the film features music by S. Balakrishnan who makes his comeback through this film. Renowned singer Hariharan appears as himself in a song sequence while Roma does a cameo role.
 Moebius is a 2013 South Korean drama film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk. It was screened out of competition at the 70th Venice International Film Festival. It was initially banned in South Korea before the Korea Media Rating Board reviewed the film and changed the rating.
 Manam Kothi Paravai is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Thulladha Manamum Thullum fame Ezhil starring Sivakarthikeyan and debutant Aathmiya in lead roles. D. Imman has scored the music. The film opened to moderate reviews from critics but it was a commercial hit. The film was remade in Kannada as Anjada Gandu with Satish Neenasam and Subhiksha.
 Yatra (Devanagari: यात्रा English: Journey) is a 2006 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Goutam Ghose the movie featured Rekha Nana Patekar and Deepti Naval.
 Ernest & Celestine (French: Ernest et Célestine) is a 2012 French-Belgian animated comedy-drama film directed by Stéphane Aubier Vincent Patar and Benjamin Renner.
 Whiskey School is a 2005 drama film starring Olympia Dukakis Mary Stuart Masterson Alexandra Eitel Thomas Flanagan Carlin Glynn Lainie Kazan Gary Swanson Denise Lute Mario Macaluso David Margulies and directed by Peter Masterson and based on the play Intervention by Jo Ann Tedesco. The film is distributed by Warner Bros. and Polychrome Pictures.
 That's Black Entertainment is a 1989 documentary film starring African-American performers and featuring clips from black films from 1929-1957.
 Human Error is a 2004 film directed by Robert M. Young. It stars Caroline Ashley and Xander Berkeley.
 Les Amants du Pont-Neuf (French pronunciation: ​[lez‿amɑ̃ dy pɔ̃ nœf]) is a 1991 French film directed by Leos Carax starring Juliette Binoche and Denis Lavant. The title refers to the Pont Neuf bridge in Paris. The DVD of the film is released under its French title in the UK as The Lovers on the Bridge in North America and in a mistranslation of the original title as Lovers on the Ninth Bridge (instead of Lovers on the New Bridge) in Australia.
 Score is a sexploitation film directed by Radley Metzger that was one of the first films to explore bisexual relationships. It was part of the brief porn chic fad in the early 1970s that also included The Devil in Miss Jones and Deep Throat. The film was based on an off-Broadway stage play that ran for 23 performances at the Martinique Theatre from October 28 through November 15 1971 and that featured Sylvester Stallone in a brief role (as telephone repairman Mike).
 Sattendru Maaruthu Vaanilai is an upcoming Indian Tamil romantic action film directed by Gautham Menon and starring Silambarasan and Pallavi Subhash in the lead roles. The film features music composed by A. R. Rahman. The shooting of this film started in November 2013 and is expected to be completed by February 2014.
 Septien is a 2011 independent film directed by Michael Tully. The film's narrative concerns the return of bearded athlete Cornelius Rawlings to his family's Tennessee farm eighteen years after he disappeared and the strange new life he forms with his brothers Ezra and Amos.
 Between Love and Hate (also known as The Unbearable Lightness of Dating) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Seung-woo and Jang Jin-young and is the directorial debut of Kim Hae-gon. Jang's performance won her Best Leading Actress at the 2006 Korean Film Awards. This would be Jang Jin-young's final film before her death almost 3 years later.
 Devil Girl from Mars is a 1954 independently produced British black-and-white science fiction feature released by British Lion Films and directed by David MacDonald. It was adapted from a stage play and in the interim has become a cult favorite due to the home video revolution.
 Ethiree (English: Enemy) is a 2004 Indian Tamil action comedy film directed by popular director K. S. Ravikumar. The film starring Madhavan Sadha Vivek Kanika Rahman and Delhi Ganesh in pivotal roles has musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja. It was released in April 2004 to positive critical response.
 Last Dance is a 1996 film starring Sharon Stone Rob Morrow Randy Quaid and Peter Gallagher.
 Bug Buster is a 1998 American comedy horror film directed by Lorenzo Doumani. It is the only known film to be written by Malick Khoury. In the United Kingdom this film was released under the title Some Things Never Die.Despite having a reputation as being a poorly made film it has nonetheless has achieved small B movie cult status.
 Bizarre Bizarre (French: Drôle de drame) is a 1937 French comedy film directed by Marcel Carné. It is based on the 1912 novel His First Offence by J. Storer Clouston.
 Perlasca un Eroe Italiano (English: Perlasca an Italian Hero also known as Perlasca The Courage of a Just Man) is a 2002 Italian drama about the real-life hero Giorgio Perlasca who posed as a Spanish ambassador and tricked Nazi officials to save the lives of five thousand Jews during the Holocaust. The Village Voice deemed the first-time account more courageous than Spielberg.
 Season of Miracles is a 2013 American Christian-themed dramatic film directed by Dave Moody and starring John Schneider Grayson Russell Andrew Williams and Nancy Stafford. Based on writer Rusty Whitener's award winning novel A Season of Miracles the story is set in Alabama during the 1970s and follows a group of twelve year olds and their championship little league baseball season.
 It Is Never Too Late to Mend is an Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln. It was based on a stage adaptation of popular novel It Is Never Too Late to Mend by Charles Reade about convict Australia. The novel has been credited with exposing cruelties in the Australian prison system and having helped end the convict system.It is considered a lost film.
 The Garden of the Finzi-Continis (Italian: Il giardino dei Finzi-Contini) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Vittorio de Sica. It stars Lino Capolicchio Dominique Sanda and Helmut Berger. The film is based upon Giorgio Bassani's novel of the same name.
 White Diamond: A Personal Portrait of Kylie Minogue is a 2007 documentary film directed and produced by William Baker and chronicling the life of Australian singer Kylie Minogue during her concert tour Showgirl: The Homecoming Tour.
 For a topical guide to this subject see Outline of James Bond.The James Bond series of films contain a number of repeating distinctive motifs which date from the series' inception with Dr. No in 1962. The series consists of twenty three films produced by Eon Productions featuring the James Bond character a fictional British Secret Service agent. The most recent instalment is the 2012 film Skyfall which was released in UK cinemas on 26 October 2012.
 Noon Sunday is a 1970 action film directed by Terry Bourke about two mercenaries. The film was the first feature produced in Guam.
 Uyirile Kalanthathu is a 2000 Tamil film directed by Jaya which stars Suriya Raghuvaran and Jyothika in the lead roles with Sivakumar and Radhika in supporting roles. The film opened in September 2000 to negative reviews from critics and became a disaster.
 The Gift is a 2000 American supernatural thriller film directed by Sam Raimi written by Billy Bob Thornton and Tom Epperson and based on the alleged psychic experiences of Thornton's mother.The film centers on Annie (Cate Blanchett) becoming involved in a murder case as a result of acquiring keen knowledge about the crime through her extrasensory perception. Other major characters are played by Keanu Reeves Giovanni Ribisi Hilary Swank Katie Holmes and Greg Kinnear.
 Mayday at 40000 Feet! is a 1976 American made-for-television movie drama directed by Robert Butler.
 Naked Under Capricorn is a 1989 Australian mini series about a young man lost in the Australian desert.
 Kaalia is a 1997 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Dipti Bhatnagar Sheeba Kiran Kumar Johnny Lever Raza Murad and Mukesh Rishi
 Ike: Countdown to D-Day is a 2004 American television film originally aired on the American television channel A&E directed by Robert Harmon and written by Lionel Chetwynd.Tom Selleck portrays General Dwight D. Eisenhower US Army popularly known by his nickname of Ike. The film deals with the difficult decisions he made leading to up to D-Day including dealing with the varied personalities of his command: General Omar N. Bradley US Army (James Remar) Lieutenant General George S.
 La suerte en tus manos is a film co-produced by Argentina Brazil and Spain directed by Daniel Burman based on his own script written in collaboration with Sergio Dubcovsky which premiered on March 29 2012 starring Norma Aleandro Jorge Drexler Valeria Bertuccelli and Gabriel Schultz.
 Wild Sky (French: Le Ciel en bataille) is a 2011 French autobiographical documentary film and cinematic essay/poem directed by Rachid B. and co-written by Florent Mangeot.
 B V Karanth:Baba Kannada: (ಬಿ ವಿ ಕಾರಂತ:ಬಾಬ) is a biographical Kannada language feature length documentary film on the life and times of BV Karanth the man whose influenced Post Independence Modern Indian theater the most.The film is directed Ramchandra P. N. and the producer is Films Division an organisation under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Government of India.
 Tarzan the Mighty is a 1928 American action film serial directed by Jack Nelson and Ray Taylor. It was nominally based on the collection Jungle Tales of Tarzan by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Stars Shine (original title Es leuchten die Sterne) is a 1938 German musical revue directed by Hans H. Zerlett and written by Zerlett and Hans Hannes.
 Nadakame Ulakam (Malayalam: നാടകമേ ഉലകം) is a 2011 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Mukesh Vinu Mohan Sarayu and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles. Its songs are composed by veteran music director Johnson with lyrics penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri. The film released on 25 February.
 A Man Called Dagger (1967) is a low-budget spy film that was the first collaboration between director Richard Rush cinematographer László Kovács and stuntman Gary Warner Kent (who also did the film's special effects). It was filmed in 1966 by Lew Horwitz's Global Screen Associates (GSA) under the title Why Spy? The film was originally intended to have been released by Mike Ripps' Cinema Distributors of America (CDA) in September 1966.
 All Sorts and Conditions of Men is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Georges Tréville and starring Renee Kelly Rex Davis and James Lindsay. It was based on the novel All Sorts and Conditions of Men by Walter Besant.
 Abhimanyu is an Indian film directed by Tony Juneja and released in 1989. The movie stars Anil Kapoor Kimi Katkar Poonam Dhillon Anita Raj.
 Wild Blue Yonder is a 1951 film about the Boeing B-29 Superfortress air raids on Japan during World War II.
 Out West is a 1918 short comedy film a satire on contemporary westerns starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle Buster Keaton and Al St. John. It was the first of Arbuckle's Comique films to be filmed on the west coast the previous five having been filmed in and around New York City. The idea for the story came from Natalie Talmadge who was later to become Keaton's first wife.
 Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land is a black and white 1952 Adventure film directed by Lew Landers and written by Samuel Newman. This was the eighth entry in Columbia's Jungle Jim series.
 Live at Shepherd's Bush London is a DVD by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. The main feature is a concert filmed at the O2 Shepherds Bush Empire in London England on 19 February 2011. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 15 June 2011.Both the DVD and Blu-ray editions includes an extra CD that includes the same concert except for three songs due to time constraints.
 Red Obsession is a 2013 Australian documentary film which collects interviews with winemakers and wine lovers across the world. The film is narrated by Russell Crowe. Red Obsession was co-directed and co-written by David Roach and Warwick Ross.
 Demons and Wonders (original title: Demônios e Maravilhas) is a 1987 Brazilian autobiographical documentary film by and about Brazilian filmmaker director screenwriter film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe).
 Love and Mary is a 2007 romantic comedy film directed by Elizabeth Harrison and starring Lauren German and Gabriel Mann.
 The Fat Man is a 1951 American mystery film directed by William Castle. It is based on a radio drama of the same name with J. Scott Smart reprising his role as Runyan a detective.The cast includes Rock Hudson and Julie London.
 Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry is a documentary film on U.S. Senator John Kerry's military service during the Vietnam War and his subsequent participation in the peace movement. There is significant emphasis on Kerry's famous speech before a Senate committee historical footage from the Winter Soldier Investigations and coverage of the Dewey Canyon III anti-war demonstrations in Washington D.C.
 Bedevilled is a 1955 crime film directed by Mitchell Leisen. It stars Anne Baxter and Steve Forrest.
 The Great Office War is an online video produced by Runaway Box and originally uploaded on YouTube on June 18 2008. As of January 2014 the video has been viewed over 9800000 times.In 2009 Funny or Die in cooperation with Hasbro produced an official series of comedy sketches titled Nerf on the Job. While not related to this video the sketches use the same premise of using Nerf blasters in an office environment.
 The Wendell Baker Story is a 2005 American film. It is the first film directed by Luke Wilson and his eldest brother Andrew Wilson. It premiered at the 2005 South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin Texas in March 2005. The film stars Luke Wilson who also wrote the screenplay.
 Very Bad Things is a 1998 black comedy film directed by Peter Berg based on the book by Gene Brewer. It stars Christian Slater and Cameron Diaz with Jon Favreau Jeremy Piven Daniel Stern Jeanne Tripplehorn and Leland Orser in supporting roles.
 Konec milování is a 1913 Austro-Hungarian drama film directed by Otakar Stáfl and Max Urban.
 The Perfect Game is a 2009 American drama film directed by William Dear based on the 2008 book of the same name written by W. William Winokur. The film is based on the events leading to the 1957 Little League World Series which was won by the first team from outside the United States the Industrial Little League of Monterrey Mexico who defeated the heavily favored U.S. team. Mexican pitcher Ángel Macías threw the first and so far only perfect game in championship game history.
 Janasheen(Heir) is a 2003 Hindi-language film. It was directed by Feroz Khan who stars along with his son Fardeen Khan and Celina Jaitley. It was first planned to shoot part of the film in Afghanistan.
 Unholy Partners (1941) is a black-and-white film starring Edward G. Robinson Laraine Day Edward Arnold and Marsha Hunt. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 The Broken Cross is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Charles West and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 Let Me Out (Hangul: 렛 미 아웃; RR: Let-mi-aut) is a 2013 South Korean film. Part coming-of-age part comedy the low-budget indie is about a film student's struggles with making a movie for the first time and captures the harsh realities of the Korean filmmaking industry.
 The Last Emperor is a 1987 biopic about the life of Puyi the last Emperor of China whose autobiography was the basis for the screenplay written by Mark Peploe and Bernardo Bertolucci. Independently produced by Jeremy Thomas it was directed by Bertolucci and released in 1987 by Columbia Pictures.
 O Terceiro Travesseiro (English: The Third Pillow) is an Brazilian fiction feature film based on Nelson Luiz de Carvalho's popular novel of the same name. Produced by Letícia Segabinazi Dumas da Silva and screenplay by Daniel Moreno Sant'Anna. This film focuses on the development of the relationship between Marcus (a teenage boy) and Renato (best friend).
 Yatrik an Indian film directed by Kartick Chatterjee depicts a group of pilgrims on an arduous trek in the high Himalayas. It is the Hindi-language version of the Bengali film Mahaprasthaner Pathey the film made from the book of the same name written by Probodh Kumar Sanyal. Abhi Bhattacharya plays a young brahmachari while Arundhati Mukherjee plays Rani a strong-willed young widow who develops a soft corner for him.The film contains many sweet and memorable songs.
 Shotgun Jones is a 1914 American short Western film directed by Colin Campbell.
 Nino Live is an upcoming romantic comedy film directed by Thisara Imbulana. The film is in post production and would be releasing soon.
 The Jesse Owens Story is a 1984 biographical film about the black athlete Jesse Owens. Dorian Harewood plays the Olympic gold-winning athlete. The drama won a 1985 Primetime Emmy Award and was nominated for two more.
 The Gambling Ghost (Chinese: 洪福齊天) is a 1991 Hong Kong film directed by Clifton Ko. It stars Sammo Hung in three roles as different generations of the same family - son father and ghostly grandfather. Hung's co-star Man Hoi also worked as the film's action director.The opening scene of the film parodies another Hong Kong film God of Gamblers.
 Murder My Sweet is a 1944 American film noir directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Dick Powell Claire Trevor and Anne Shirley. The film is based on Raymond Chandler's 1940 novel Farewell My Lovely which was the title under which the film was released in the United Kingdom. Another film adaptation of the novel was made in 1975 and released under Chandler's title.Murder My Sweet turned out to be Anne Shirley's final film. She retired from acting in 1944 at age 26.
 Wild on the Beach is a 1965 beach party film directed by Maury Dexter. It is notable for the musical acts showcased onscreen being the film debut of Sonny & Cher in particular. In addition it is distinguished as being one of the few films in the genre to be filmed in black and white.Although some sourcesstate that the film was also released under the title Beach House Party to date no prints or posters have surfaced with such a title.
 Zodiac is a 2007 American mystery thriller film directed by David Fincher and based on Robert Graysmith's non-fiction book of the same name. The Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros.
 The Three Musketeers (1935) is the first English-language talking picture version of Alexandre Dumas père's novel of the same name. It stars Walter Abel Ian Keith Margot Grahame and Paul Lukas.
 Bitch Slap is a 2009 action and exploitation film directed by Rick Jacobson and stars Julia Voth Erin Cummings America Olivo and Michael Hurst with cameos by Lucy Lawless Kevin Sorbo and Renée O'Connor.
 Chinna Thambi is a 1991 Indian Tamil language film starring Prabhu and Kushboo. Chinna Thambi starring Prabhu in the role of Chinna Thambi an uneducated village simpleton and Kushboo as Nandini who is a home tutored wealthy girl is a story of love family bonds and typical south Indian village sentiments. The movie was remade in Kannada Telugu and Hindi languages as Ramachaari (1991) Chanti (1992) and Anari (1993) respectively.
 The Devil Has Seven Faces (Italian: Il diavolo a sette facce also known as The Devil with Seven Faces) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Osvaldo Civirani.
 Pie in the Sky is a 1996 American romantic comedy film about a young man obsessed with traffic gridlock who falls in love with an avant-garde dancer. The film was written and directed by Bryan Gordon and stars Josh Charles Christine Lahti John Goodman and Anne Heche.
 Le Gros et le maigre (English title: The Fat and the Lean) is a short silent comic film written and directed by Roman Polanski in 1961. Polanski shot this short film just after graduating from The National Film School in Łódź in 1959; it was made in France and was Polanski's last film before the international breakthrough of his 1962 debut feature Knife in the Water.
 This Is Not a Test is a 2008 comedy-drama written and directed by Chris Angel and filmed in Los Angeles California. The film was released on DVD in the United States on January 20 2009.
 Out Cold is a 1989 'murder comedy' directed by Malcolm Mowbray (who made 1984's A Private Function) and stars Teri Garr Randy Quaid and John Lithgow.The film is set in and around San Pedro Los Angeles California - 'the Edward Hopper streets and storefronts create a world where the script plays itself out in all its linear precision.' Sunny (Teri Garr) hires a private detective (Randy Quaid) to trail her husband Ernie (Bruce McGill) whom she believes is lavishing time and money on other women. 
 Fathers & Sons is a 1992 American crime drama film written and directed by Paul Mones and starring Jeff Goldblum Rory Cochrane Rosanna Arquette Natasha Gregson Wagner and Famke Janssen. The film is about the connection between a father and son complicated by the foibles of a serial killer and the interactions of a psychic.The film was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
 A Life Without Pain is a documentary film by Melody Gilbert about children who can't feel pain.
 There Is Another Sun released in the United States as Wall of Death is a 1951 British drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
 All Hell Broke Loose is a 1995 Israeli documentary that follows the victims of a Hamas suicide bombing in Israel a year after the attack.
 Eolomea is a 1972 science fiction film directed by Herrmann Zschoche based on a screenplay by Angel Wagenstein. The film was an East German/Soviet/Bulgarian coproduction.
 Yagam is a 2010 Telugu film directed by P.A. Arun Prasad starring Navdeep Bhumika Chawla and Kim Sharma. The film was partially re-shot and released in Tamil as Sinam with scenes of Sathyaraj and Sathyan added in. The Tamil version released on February 3 2012.
 Leave It to Me (Czech: Nechte to na mně) is a 1955 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Elusive Avengers (Russian: Неуловимые мстители translit. Neulovimye mstiteli) is a 1966 Soviet adventure film directed by Edmond Keosayan and made by Mosfilm. It is loosely based on the novel Red Little Devils by Pavel Blyakhin already filmed in 1923 under its original name.
 Boogie Woogie is a 2009 comedy film set in the art world of contemporary London. It is based on the book of the same name written by Danny Moynihan who adapted his own book on the New York art world of the 1990s and titled it based on Victory Boogie-Woogie a Piet Mondrian painting.The film was produced by Eric Eisner and Leonid Rozhetskin and directed by Duncan Ward.
 Naga Bonar Jadi 2 (Naga Bonar Becomes 2) is 2007 comedy film directed by Deddy Mizwar. It is starring Deddy Mizwar Tora Sudiro Lukman Sardi Darius Sinathrya and Michael Muliardo. It is a sequel to the Indonesian film Nagabonar (1987).
 Engineer is a shelved Tamil language film directed by Gandhi Krishna and written by Sujatha originally slated to be released in 1999. The film was based on the true story of the Sardar Sarovar Dam project and was being made in Tamil with planned versions in Telugu and Hindi too. The film had featured Arvind Swamy and Madhuri Dixit in the leading roles with music composed by A.R. Rahman and cinematography by Jeeva. However the film was shelved after 80 percent of shooting was completed.
 Ran (乱? Chinese and Japanese for rebellion uprising or revolt or to mean disturbed or confused) is a 1985 Japanese-French jidaigeki epic film directed and co-written by Akira Kurosawa. The film stars Tatsuya Nakadai as Hidetora Ichimonji an aging Sengoku-era warlord who decides to abdicate as ruler in favor of his three sons. The story is based on legends of the daimyo Mōri Motonari as well as on the Shakespearean tragedy King Lear.Ran was Kurosawa's last epic.
 The Battle of Moscow (Russian: Битва за Москву Bitva za Moskvu) is a 1985 Soviet two-part film presenting a dramatized account of the 1941 Battle of Moscow and the events preceding it. The films were a Soviet-East German-Czechoslovak-Vietnamese co-production directed by Yuri Ozerov who also wrote the script.
 Scratch is a short film directed by Jakob Rørvik and stars Viktoria Winge and Luke Treadaway.
 I Trust You To Kill Me released in January 2006 is a documentary film directed by Manu Boyer and featuring the California band Rocco DeLuca and the Burden and Canadian actor Kiefer Sutherland who acted as the band's tour manager during their 2006 European tour.
 You Can't Cheat an Honest Man is a 1939 American comedy film starring W. C. Fields. Fields also wrote the story on which the film is based under the name Charles Bogle.
 A Walk Among the Tombstones is an upcoming American crime drama film based on a novel by Lawrence Block with the same name directed and written by Scott Frank. Film stars Liam Neeson Dan Stevens Boyd Holbrook Ruth Wilson and Sebastian Roché. The film is scheduled to be released on September 19 2014.
 Sebastian is a 1968 British film directed by David Greene produced by Michael Powell Herbert Brodkin and Gerry Fisher and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The motion picture is based on a story by Leo Marks and Gerald Vaughan-Hughes wrote the screenplay.Filmed in Oxford Oxfordshire England and at Twickenham Film Studios St Margarets Twickenham Middlesex England the film debuted in New York City New York on January 24 1968.
 Devil Take Us is a 1952 American short documentary film directed by Herbert Morgan. It was nominated for two Academy Awards one for Best Documentary Short and the other for Best Two-Reel Short.
 A Sammy In Siberia is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. In this seven minute film an American soldier in Siberia rescues a woman assaulted by ruffians.
 Balalaika is a 1939 American musical romance film based on the 1936 London stage musical of the same name. Produced by Lawrence Weingarten and directed by Reinhold Schunzel it starred Nelson Eddy and Ilona Massey.The film follows the romance of Prince Peter Karagin captain of the Tsar's Cossack Guards and Lydia Pavlovna Marakova cabaret-cum-opera singer and secret revolutionary who fall in love on the eve of World War I are separated by war and ideology and meet again in 1920s Paris.
 Montana Belle is a 1952 western film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Jane Russell. The story is a fictionalised biography of Montana outlaw Belle Starr.
 The Promise (1969) is a British drama film based on the play by Russian playwright Aleksei Arbuzov. Set in Russia during WW2 it is the story of a love triangle involving three young people caught up in the Siege of Leningrad. The film follows the main protagonists in the post war years in an attempt to show the lasting effects of that relationship. This film appears to be lost as no copies can be located.
 Chiranjeevulu (Telugu: చిరంజీవులు) is a 1956 Telugu film directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah and produced by D. L. Narayana of Vinoda Pictures.
 Melgarejo is a 1937 Argentine film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth. The film premiered in the US on September 19 1937 and starred Santiago Gómez Cou and Mecha Ortiz. Editing to the film was performed by Carlos Rinaldi.
 Antoki no Inochi (アントキノイノチ) is a Japanese film from 2011 directed by Takahisa Zeze. It is based on the novel of the same name by Masashi Sada.
 Over the Edge is a coming-of-age drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan released in May 1979. Due to the negative publicity surrounding a wave of recent youth gang films such as The Warriors and Boulevard Nights Over the Edge had a limited theatrical release in 1979.
 The Girl from 10th Avenue is a 1935 American drama film directed by Alfred E. Green. The screenplay by Charles Kenyon is based on the 1914 play Outcast by Hubert Henry Davies. The film was released in the United Kingdom as Men on Her Mind.
 If Someone Had Known is a 1995 American television drama film based on a true story directed by Eric Laneuville. Although the film received no critical acclaim Kellie Martin was praised for her 'believable performance'. Writers Alan Landsburg Susan Cuscuna and Michael Petryni received the Christopher Award for their teleplay. Originally aired on NBC the film is nowadays frequently re-aired on Lifetime and sister channel Lifetime Movie Network.
 Iron Eagle II is a 1988 Israeli-Canadian-American action film directed by Sidney J. Furie. It is the first sequel to the 1986 film Iron Eagle with Louis Gossett Jr. reprising his role as Charles Chappy Sinclair.
 Nattukku Oru Nallavan is a TamilKannada and Telugu film which has story screenplay dialogues and direction by V. Ravichandran.The film was simultaneously released in Kannada and Telugu under the Shanti Kranti title in 1991. Akkineni Nagarjuna was the lead in Telugu version while Rajinikanth was in the lead in Tamil version. Incidentally all the versions failed at the box-office and Ravichandran incurred huge losses.
 Rivalen am Steuer is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Kim Possible Movie: So The Drama (also known as Kim Possible: So the Drama) is the second feature-length animated movie of the Kim Possible series. This film includes a mix of traditional animation and computer-generated imagery.The film premiered April 8 2005 on Disney Channel advertised as the first animated Disney Channel Original Movie.
 Don Juan (Czech: Don Šajn) is a 1969 Czechoslovak short film by Jan Švankmajer based on traditional Czech puppet plays of the Don Juan legend.
 The Dove is a 1974 American biographical film directed by Charles Jarrott. The picture was produced by Gregory Peck the third and last feature film he would produce.The drama is based on the real life experiences of Robin Lee Graham a young man who spent five years sailing around the world as a single-handed sailor starting when he was 16-years old. The story is adapted from Dove (1972) the book Graham co-wrote about his seafaring experiences with Derek L.T. Gill.
 Apne Paraye (English: Relatives and Others) is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Mushir Alam. It stars Amol Palekar and Shabana Azmi in pivotal roles. It is based on the Bengali novel Nishkriti by Sarat Chandra ChattopadhyayAshalata who made her Hindi film debut with the film was nominated for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress
 Amiche da morire (Friends to Die For) is a 2013 Italian black comedy film written and directed by Giorgia Farina.
 Max & Co is a stop-motion animated feature film released in Belgium France and Switzerland in February 2008. It won the Audience Award at the 2007 Annecy International Animated Film Festival. With its budget of CHF 30 million (€14 million) of which CHF 1.5 million were subsidised by the Swiss Federal Office of Culture it was the most expensive Swiss film ever.
 The Frightening is a horror movie released in 2002 directed by David DeCoteau.
 Jallad No. 1 is a 2000 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Merlin: The Quest Begins was created by Eamonn Maguire and is a 1998 television movie about a young Merlin (Jason Connery).
 The Mephisto Waltz is a 1971 American horror film about an occult-murder mystery. It was directed by Paul Wendkos and starred Alan Alda Jacqueline Bisset Barbara Parkins Bradford Dillman and Curd Jürgens. The name of the movie is taken from the piano work by Franz Liszt of the same name (see Mephisto Waltzes). Ben Maddow adapted his screenplay from the novel of the same name by Fred Mustard Stewart. The film was the only big-screen work of veteran television producer Quinn Martin.
 Shattered Trust: The Shari Karney Story is a 1993 television film directed by Bill Corcoran. The film which is based upon the true story of Shari Karney garnered generally positive reviews. However it was criticized for exploiting a real incest case for entertainment use.
 Joe's Apartment is a 1996 musical-comedy film starring Jerry O'Connell and Megan Ward and the first film produced by MTV Films.
 Kim is a 1984 British television film directed by John Davies and based on Rudyard Kipling's novel Kim. The film stars Peter O'Toole Bryan Brown John Rhys-Davies Nadira Julian Glover Jalal Agha Raj Kapoor and Ravi Sheth in the title role.
 The Desire-Journey of a Woman is an upcoming Indo-Chinese feature film directed by R. Sarath. Starring Shilpa Shetty in lead role the film also stars Chinese actor Xia Yu along with Indian actors and actresses as Jaya Prada Anupam Kher Sheetal Menon and Sachin Khedekar. The film's shooting started in January 2009 is currently in its production stage and was expected for a public release in mid-2009 but not released due to some production problems.
 Hellcats (Hangul: 뜨거운것이 좋아 ; RR: Ddeugeoun Geosi Joa; lit. I Like It Hot or Some Like It Hot) is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film about an extended family of three women from different generations—the fortysomething interior designer Young-mi (Lee Mi-sook) the 27-year old screenwriter Ah-mi (Kim Min-hee) and the high school student Kang-ae (Ahn So-hee) -- who are all engaged in dilemmas regarding love and sex.
 Box of Moonlight is a 1996 comedy-drama film starring John Turturro and Sam Rockwell. It was written and directed by Tom DiCillo.
 Harvesters of the Bay is a documentary directed by Oliver Dickinson.Over the course of a year the film portrays the work and thoughts of three salt harvesters in the historic Bourgneuf Bay located in the west of France.Harvesters of the Bay has received prizes such as Best Medium Length Film and the Jury Award from the Mûrs-Erigné Nature Film Festival (France).
 The Right to Love (German:Das Recht auf Liebe) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Georg Alexander Evelyn Holt and Georgia Lind. The film addresses the issue of the rights of ex-soldiers made impotent by war wounds to get married. It is in the Weimar tradition of Enlightenment films.
 Palookaville is a 1995 motion picture about a trio of burglars and their dysfunctional family of origin. Prominent actors featured in the film include William Forsythe Lisa Gay Hamilton Vincent Gallo Adam Trese and Frances McDormand. The film was directed by Alan Taylor.
 Farz (Hindi: फ़र्ज़ Urdu: فرض translation: Duty) is a 1967 Hindi spy thriller film. Directed by Ravikant Nagaich it has music by Laxmikant Pyarelal and lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The film stars Jeetendra and Babita along with Aruna Irani Nagesh Agha and David. The film was a surprise Superhit.
 Hot Stuff is a 1979 comedy film that starred Dom DeLuise Suzanne Pleshette Jerry Reed and Ossie Davis. Along with acting in the title Dom DeLuise also directed the movie.
 Śankarabharanam (Telugu: శంకరాభరణం English: Shankara's ornament) is a 1979 Telugu musical drama film directed by K. Viswanath and produced by Poornodaya Movie Creations. The soundtrack was composed by K. V. Mahadevan and remained a chartbuster.
 Inherit the Wind is a 1999 television film adaptation of the play of the same name. The original 1955 play was written as a parable which fictionalized the 1925 Scopes Monkey Trial as a means of discussing the 1950s McCarthy trials.George C. Scott played Brady. In the 1996 Broadway revival he played Drummond.
 Fatty's Magic Pants is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film is also known as Fatty's Suitless Day.
 The Helicopter Spies is a 1968 feature length film version of The Man from U.N.C.L.E.’s fourth (and final) season two-part episode The Prince of Darkness Affair. The episodes were originally broadcast in the United States on October 2 1967 and October 9 1967 on NBC. It as does the television series stars Robert Vaughn and David McCallum. It is the seventh such feature film that used as its basis a reedited version of one or more episodes from the series. The first four U.N.C.L.E.
 Ponvayal (Tamil: பொன் வயல்; English: Golden Farm) was a 1954 Tamil film produced and directed by A. T. Krishnaswamy who also wrote the screenplay and dialogues. It stars T. R. Ramachandran Anjali Devi and R. S. Manohar in the lead roles while other actors like K. A. Thangavelu and V. K. Ramasamy play supporting roles. The film is currently lost.
 I.C.U is the upcoming Australian thriller film directed by Aash Aaron and starring Margot Robbie.
 All Gummed Up is the 103rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Lost World is a 1992 film based on the book of the same title by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Janakan (English: Father) is a Malayalam film starring Mohanlal & Suresh Gopi directed by Sanjeev N. R. The film was written by S. N. Swami. It was released on April 8 2010 in Kerala and is distributed by Maxlab Entertainments.
 Shatru is a 1986 hit film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead in a role playing the role of an inspector in a remote village. The film was an Indo Bangladesh venture and the music was written by R.D.Burman. The film was a frame-by-frame remake of Shatru (1984) which starred Ranjit Mullick. The lead actress Shabana Sidique was from Bangladesh. The film had box office collection of 17.0 million in 1986.
 Lovers of Paris (original title Pot-Bouille Stew Pot) is a 1957 French film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Gérard Philipe. It is based on the novel Pot-Bouille by Émile Zola. The film is in black and white and filmed in 35 mm film. It premiered in France on October 18 1957.It was the second film Duvivier directed based on a novel in Zola's Rougon-Macquart series the first being Au Bonheur des Dames in 1930.
 The Pirate Fairy is a 3D computer-animated fantasy film directed by Peggy Holmes. It is the fifth film in the DisneyToon Studios' Tinker Bell film series based on the character Tinker Bell from J. M. Barrie's Peter and Wendy. The film features the voices of Mae Whitman reprising her role of Tinker Bell Christina Hendricks as a dust-keeper fairy named Zarina and Tom Hiddleston as a much younger James Hook.
 Checkpoint is a 1956 British crime drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Anthony Steel Odile Versois Stanley Baker and James Robertson Justice.
 Rollerball is a 1975 dystopian science fiction film directed by Norman Jewison from a screenplay by William Harrison who adapted his own short story Roller Ball Murder which first appeared in the September 1973 issue of Esquire. Although it had an American cast a Canadian director and was released by the American company United Artists it was produced in London and Munich.
 For the Steven Soderbergh film see Bubble (film). For the Arch Oboler film see The Bubble (1966 film). For the Eytan Fox film see The Bubble (2006 film).Bubbles (1930) is a Vitaphone short subjects released by Warner Brothers.
 Lisa is a 1978 Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Baby (also known as A.G. Baby) and produced by Dhanya Productions. Considered one of the best horror and musical flicks in Malayalam with music from K.J. Joy.
 The Gun Runners a 1958 film directed by Don Siegel is the third adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's novel To Have and Have Not starring Audie Murphy and Patricia Owens. Everett Sloane essays the part of the alcoholic sidekick originally played by Walter Brennan in the film's first adaptation although Sloane's interpretation is less overtly comic. Eddie Albert delivers a bravura performance as a charismatic villain; other cast members include Jack Elam and Richard Jaeckel.
 Gasoline Gus is a 1921 American comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. A print is held at Gosfilmofond archive in Russia.
 Lump Sugar (각설탕 ) is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Lee Hwan-kyung and starring actress Im Soo-jung.
 Pooh's Heffalump Movie is a 2005 animated film produced by DisneyToon Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures featuring characters from A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh stories. This film features songs by Carly Simon.
 A Time for Loving is a 1971 British comedy-drama film directed by Christopher Miles and starring Britt Ekland Joanna Shimkus and Mel Ferrer. The film depicts several stories surrounding an apartment in Paris and the various people who occupy it over the years. It was also released as Room in Paris.
 Keemat (also known as Keemat – They Are Back) (translation: The Price – They Are Back) is a Bollywood action film directed by Sameer Malkan and produced by brothers Ganesh Jain and Ramesh Jain. It stars Akshay Kumar Saif Ali Khan Raveena Tandon and Sonali Bendre. Anupam Kher and Ravi Kishen have supporting roles. The film's singers were Alka Yagnik Sonu Nigam Udit Narayan Anuradha Paudwal Kumar Sanu and Abhijeet.
 The Left Behind film series is a series of films based on the Left Behind best-selling book series by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins. They were produced by Cloud Ten Pictures and directed by Vic Sarin (Left Behind: The Movie) Bill Corcoran (Left Behind II: Tribulation Force) and Craig R. Baxley (Left Behind: World at War).
 Moonlighting is a 1982 British drama film written and directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. It is set in the early 1980s at the time of the Solidarity protests in Poland. It stars Jeremy Irons as Nowak a Polish builder leading a team working illegally in London.
 Mr. Troop Mom is an American 2009 comedy film directed by William Dear written by Thomas Ian Griffith and starring George Lopez Daniela Bobadilla April Telek Julia Anderson Elizabeth Thai Geoff Gustafson and Jane Lynch. It tells of Eddie Serrano (Lopez) a widower and his teenage daughter Naomi. Eddie joins Naomi and her friends on a camping trip making Eddie the Team Mom.
 Minsara Kanna is a 1999 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Vijay in the lead role and Kushboo Rambha Monica Manivannan and Karan in supporting roles. The film's music is composed by Deva and the film opened in September 1999 to average reviews and did not do well at the box office.
 Un dollaro tra i denti (internationally released as A Stranger in Town A Dollar Between the Teeth and For a Dollar in the Teeth) is a 1966 Italian spaghetti westerns film directed by Luigi Vanzi. The film rapresents the first chapter in the series of five western films starred by Tony Anthony as the stranger (lo straniero). It was a surprise box office hit in international markets.
 Luke Wins Ye Ladye Faire is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Big Brother is a 2007 Bollywood action-thriller film which starred Sunny Deol and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles. The film was declared an above average grosser at the box office.
 Too Tough to Care is an 18-minute educational film produced in 1964 to undermine teenage resistance to anti-smoking education. Unlike other films in its genre Too Tough to Care used satire and humor to illustrate the misleading claims of cigarette advertising. The film garnered attention in both the mainstream press as well as academic journals.
 Priyathama is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Nessuno è perfetto (Nobody is perfect) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile. The film was a great commercial success grossing over 10 billion lire at the Italian box office. For her performance Ornella Muti won the Globo d'oro for best actress.
 Sharks in Venice is a natural-horror film film directed by Danny Lerner and starring Stephen Baldwin Bashar Rahal and Vanessa Johansson. According to several websites the plot of the film puts it into contention for being the worst movie of all time.
 Mojave Moon is a 1996 American road movie. It stars Danny Aiello Anne Archer Michael Biehn Angelina Jolie and Jack Noseworthy. The film was written by Leonard Glasser and directed by Kevin Dowling.
 Holy Land Hardball (2008) is a documentary film about starting a professional baseball league in Israel. It is the story of the founding of the Israel Baseball League.
 Alive Inside: A Story Of Music and Memory is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Michael Rossato-Bennett. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014. It won the Audience Award: U.S. Documentary at the festival.
 Al final del espectro (At the end of the Spectra) (2006) is one of the few horror movies to be made in Colombia. The story was written produced and directed by Juan Felipe Orozco.
 Vito is a 2011 documentary produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of the Los Angeles-based production company Automat Pictures. The film documents the life of Vito Russo gay activist film scholar and author of The Celluloid Closet.Vito premiered at the 2011 New York Film Festival went on to screen within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival and made its television debut on HBO in July 2012. The DVD was released by First Run Features in April 2013.
 Hosa Belaku (Kannada: ಹೊಸ ಬೆಳಕು) is a 1982 Kannada romantic drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel of the same name by Vani. The film starred Rajkumar Saritha and K. S. Ashwath in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by M. Ranga Rao considered evergreen hits. He was awarded with the State Award for Best Music Director for the year 1982-83.
 Disco Singh is a 2014 Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Surveen Chawla. This is the third collaboration between Singh and Dosanjh after the 2012 blockbuster Jatt and Juliet and the 2013 sequel Jatt & Juliet 2. The shooting of Disco Singh began on 19 November 2013 in New Delhi apparently. It released on 11 April 2014 to excellent box office collections all over Punjab.
 Tarzan the Ape Man is a 1981 adventure film directed by John Derek and starring Bo Derek Miles O'Keeffe Richard Harris and John Phillip Law. The screenplay by Tom Rowe and Gary Goddard is loosely based on the novel Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs but from the point of view of Jane Parker.The original music score is composed by Perry Botkin Jr.. Former Tarzan actor Jock Mahoney billed as Jack O'Mahoney was the film's stunt coordinator.
 Colourful is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.
 Live from Baghdad is a television movie produced in 2002 by HBO. It was directed by Mick Jackson and written by Robert Wiener (based on the book of the same title by Wiener). The movie was released during the prelude stage of the Iraq War.Michael Keaton stars as CNN on-location producer Robert Wiener in Baghdad Iraq during the Persian Gulf War in 1991. The movie focuses on the news media's (primarily CNN's) coverage of the war.
 The Gender War (Swedish: Könskriget) is a controversial documentary in two parts by journalist Evin Rubar on radical feminism in Sweden and its influence on Swedish politics. It was produced by Nordisk Film and broadcast by Sveriges Television in the series Dokument inifrån on 15 and 22 May 2005.
 Munimji (English: Clerk) is a 1955 Indian Hindi movie. Story Idea By Ranjan Screenplay by Nazir HussainDialogues by Nazir Hussain and Qamar Jalalabadi it starred Dev Anand and Nalini Jaywant as the lead couple. Pran played the villain in the film. It also starred Ameeta and Nirupa Roy. The team of Mukherjee Nazir Hussain Dev Anand and music director S.D. Burman later got together to produce another movie Paying Guest in 1957.
 Last of the Mobile Hot Shots is a 1970 American drama film. The screenplay by Gore Vidal is based on the Tennessee Williams play The Seven Descents of Myrtle.Myrtle and Jeb are newlyweds who married on a television show shortly after meeting. They return to Jeb's ancestral home a decaying mansion occupied by his multiracial half-brother Chicken.
 Gates of the Night (French: Les Portes de la nuit) is a 1946 French film that was directed by Marcel Carné. It starred Serge Reggiani and Yves Montand. The script was written by Carné's long-time collaborator Jacques Prévert. The film made its debut in the United States four years after its official release in France. It introduced the much-recorded popular song Autumn Leaves (French: Les feuilles mortes).
 Broken is a 2013 Nigerian drama film written produced and directed by Bright Wonder Obasi starring Nse Ikpe Etim Bimbo Manuel and Kalu Ikeagwu. It received 6 nominations at the 2013 Nollywood Movies Awards including awards for Best lead actor Best Supporting actor Best Supporting Actress Best Cinematography Best Make-up and Best Rising star Female.
 Bodyguard is a 1948 American semi-documentary crime film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Fred Niblo Jr.and Harry Essex based on a story written by George W. George and Robert Altman who would go on to direct MASH and other notable films. The drama features Lawrence Tierney and Priscilla Lane among others.
 If You Believe is a 1999 American television film that aired on Lifetime Television and stars Ally Walker Hayden Panettiere and Tom Amandes. A Scrooge-like woman is visited by her inner child who helps her rediscover a zest for life. The film is a Spring Creek Production in association with Hearst Entertainment.
 Neel Rajar Deshe (Bengali: নীল রাজার দেশে In the Land of the Blue King) (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Riingo Banerjee.
 Big Girl is a short film about a girl and her mom's new boyfriend. It was nominated for a Genie Award for best live action short drama.
 Gold Diggers of 1937 is a 1936 Warner Bros. movie musical directed by Lloyd Bacon with musical numbers created and directed by Busby Berkeley and starring Dick Powell and Joan Blondell who were married at the time and Victor Moore. The film features songs by the teams of Harold Arlen and E.Y. Harburg and Harry Warren and Al Dubin and was based on the play Sweet Mystery of Life by Richard Maibaum Michael Wallach and George Haight which ran very briefly on Broadway in 1935.
 My Fair Lady is a 1964 American musical film adaptation of the Lerner and Loewe stage musical of the same name based on the 1938 film adaptation of the original stage play Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw.
 El Fantástico mundo de la María Montiel is a 1978 Argentine film.
 Días de odio is a 1954 Argentine film. It is based on the short story Emma Zunz by Jorge Luis Borges.
 Doraemon the Movie: Nobita and the Fantastic Three Musketeers (ドラえもん のび太と夢幻三剣士 Doraemon: Nobita to Mugen Sankenshi) is a feature-length anime film which premiered on March 12 1994. This is like three musketers of Disney. This movie was also broadcast on Disney Channel India on 23 March 2013 at 11 a.m. and on Hungama TV on 25 July 2013 at 1 p.m. as Doraemon The Movie Nobita's 3 Magical Swordsmen.
 Palaver is a 1969 Belgian fantasy film directed by Emile Degelin. The film was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Secret Service is a lost 1919 silent American Civil War drama film starring Robert Warwick and directed by Hugh Ford. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Spike Up is a 2007 Australian short film written and directed by award winning film-maker Anthony Maras and produced in association with the Australian Film Commission the Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund and the South Australian Film Corporation.In July 2007 Spike Up was nominated for “Best Short Fiction Film” in the AFI Awards – Australia’s most prestigious film awards ceremony and widely recognised as the Australian equivalent to the American Academy Awards.
 Le Chant du monde is a 1965 Italian film directed by Marcel Camus. It is based on the novel The Song of the World (Fr. Le Chant du monde 1934) by French author Jean Giono.
 Snow White was a silent movie made in 1902. It was the first time the classic Brothers Grimm fairy tale was made into a film. .[citation needed] It was registered for United States copyright on May 1 1903.[citation needed]
 Les Belles de nuit (US title: Beauties of the Night) is a 1952 French language motion picture fantasy directed and written by René Clair who co-produced with Angelo Rizzoli. The film stars Gérard Philipe Martine Carol Gina Lollobrigida and Magali Vendeuil. It was nominated the Venice Film Festival for Golden Lion (René Clair).
 Good Men and True is a 1922 silent Western film starring Harry Carey. The film was directed by Val Paul and the supporting cast includes Noah Beery Sr. and Tully Marshall.
 Emmett Stone is a 1985 Australian film based on a play by Michael Gurr.
 Arre... Devaa! is a Marathi film released on 12 April 2007. The film has been produced by Manohar Randive and directed by Hemant Deokar.
 The Buddhist Priestess is a 1911 American silent short romantic drama film. The film starred William Garwood Marguerite Snow as The Buddhist Priestess Marie Eline and Florence La Badie.
 Pratighatana (Telugu: ప్రతిఘటన) is a 1986 Telugu film about a woman's (Vijayshanti) fight against corruption and criminalization of politics in India. Vijayshanti acted the leading role while Chandra Mohan acted as her husband. This film was directed by a noted Telugu director T. Krishna who was famous for revolutionary Telugu movies under the banner of Eetaram Films.
 Rough Cut is a 1980 American heist film directed by Don Siegel. The screenplay was written by Larry Gelbart based upon the novel Touch the Lion's Paw (1975) by Derek Lambert.
 Hobson's Choice is a 1931 Britis comedy drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring James Harcourt Viola Lyel Frank Pettingell and Herbert Lomas. It follows a coarse bootshop owner who becomes outraged when his eldest daughter decides to marry a meek cobbler. It is basedon the play Hobson's Choice by Harold Brighouse.
 Von Richthofen and Brown (1971) also known as The Red Baron is a film directed by Roger Corman and starring John Phillip Law and Don Stroud as the titular characters.Although the names of real people are used the story by Joyce Hooper Corrington and John William Corrington is essentially fictionalised.
 Hell Bent is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. A print of the film exists in the Czechoslovak Film Archive.
 Preah Vesandor is a 1993 musical movie starring Tep Rundaro Pisith Pilika Oum Sovanny Ampor Tevi and other stars of the time.
 Wrecking Crew is a 1942 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 Attahasam (English: Defiance) is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Saran featuring Ajith Kumar in dual lead roles with Pooja playing the female lead. Sujatha Karunas and Ramesh Khanna play pivotal roles in the film while the score and soundtrack are composed by Bharathwaj and became a superhit at the box office.
 Monkey Puzzle is a 2008 Australian film about several friends who get lost in the wilderness.The film was shot on location in the Blue Mountains.
 Premante Idera (Telugu: ప్రేమంటే ఇదేరా) is a Telugu movie released in 1998 starring Venkatesh and Preity Zinta. It was dubbed into Hindi as Dulhan Dilwale Ki in 2001. It was remade in Kannada as O Premave with Ravichandran.
 Taxi is a 1953 American drama film from 20th Century-Fox starring Dan Dailey.
 America America (British title The Anatolian Smile—a reference to an on-going acknowledgment of Stavros's captivating smile) is a 1963 American dramatic film directed produced and written by Elia Kazan from his own book.
 The Man Who Wasn't There is a 1983 American 3-D comedy film directed by Bruce Malmuth and starring Steve Guttenberg.Tagline: Being invisible gets you into spy rings diplomatic circles and the girl's locker room.
 Magbalik ka Hirang is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Lorenzo P. Tuellsand starring Rosa Aguirre Nemesio E. Caravana and Justina David.
 Friends is a 1988 Japanese-Swedish drama film directed by Kjell-Åke Andersson. Peter Mokrosinski won the award for Best Cinematography at the 24th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner. The story depicts the conflicts of a naval officer in combat with his shipmates and conscience over values instilled in him by his Quaker upbringing. The film stars Alan Ladd who co-produced it William Bendix Dianne Foster Keenan Wynn James Whitmore and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.. It also marked the film debut of Joey Bishop.
 Flight of the Snow Geese is a nature documentary from the Survival series.
 Nee Venunda Chellam is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by L. Venkatesan starring Githan Ramesh Gajala and Namitha in lead roles with Thilakan Vivek and Vincent Asokan essaying supporting roles.
 Jagriti (The Awakening) is a 1954 Hindi film that won the Filmfare Best Movie Award in 1956 and the lead Abhi Bhattacharya won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award. Based on 1949 Bengali film Paribartan that Satyen Bose had directed earlier.
 Melodías porteñas is a 1937 Argentine musical film directed and written by Luis Moglia Barth.
 Boys Beware is a drama short social guidance film released through Sid Davis Productions. It deals with a perceived danger to young boys: predatory homosexuals. The film was released in 1961 and under the copyright laws in the United States at the time of its release has lapsed into the public domain and is available from the Rick Prelinger archives.
 A Long Way from Nowhere is a 1970 American short documentary film produced by Bob Aller. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Day of Independence is a 2003 short film broadcast in 2005 as a half-hour PBS television special. It is a drama set during the Japanese American internment of World War II produced by Cedar Grove Productions with Visual Communications as fiscal sponsor.
 Højt paa en kvist is a 1929 Danish silent family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr. and written by his son Lau Lauritzen Jr..
 The Hebrew Hammer is a 2003 American comedy film written and directed by Jonathan Kesselman. It stars Adam Goldberg Judy Greer Andy Dick Mario Van Peebles and Peter Coyote. The plot concerns a Jewish crime fighter known as the Hebrew Hammer who must save Hanukkah from the evil son of Santa Claus who wants to destroy Hanukkah and make everyone celebrate Christmas.The film parodies blaxploitation films and features Melvin Van Peebles in a cameo as Sweetback.
 Maniac also known as Sex Maniac is a 1934 black-and-white exploitation/horror film directed by Dwain Esper and written by Hildegarde Stadie Esper's wife as a loose adaptation of the Edgar Allan Poe story The Black Cat with references to his Murders in the Rue Morgue. Esper and Stadie also made the 1936 exploitation film Marihuana.The film which was advertised with the tagline He menaced women with his weird desires! is in the public domain.
 Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum (English: How Super Cool Are We) is a 2012 Bollywood adult comedy film directed by Sachin Yardi and produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor. The film is a sequel to the 2005 sleeper hit Kyaa Kool Hai Hum. The movie stars Tusshar Kapoor and Ritesh Deshmukh from the original cast. It released on 27 July 2012 and received mostly positive response. With good box office collections the film was declared as a semi-hit.
 Matango (マタンゴ) also known as Matango Fungus of Terror and Attack of the Mushroom People is a 1963 Japanese tokusatsu movie. It was directed by Ishirō Honda and written by Takeshi Kimura based on the story The Voice in the Night by William Hope Hodgson (an adaptation credit is given to Masami Fukushima and Shinichi Hoshi but Kimura threw out most of their contributions).
 Twist of Fate (also known as Beautiful Stranger) is a 1954 British and American mystery film noir directed by David Miller. It stars Ginger Rogers and Herbert Lom.
 The River (French: Le Fleuve) is a 1951 film directed by Jean Renoir. It was filmed in India.A fairly faithful dramatization of an earlier literary work of the same name (The River authored by Rumer Godden) the movie attests to a teenager's first love and how her heart was broken when the man she fell in love with was smitten with her best friend instead.The film was produced by Kenneth McEldowney and original music was by M. A. Partha Sarathy.
 OK Good is an American independent film directed by Daniel Martinico. The film stars Hugo Armstrong as Paul Kaplan a struggling actor on the verge of a breakdown.
 Fight Back to School 3 (逃學威龍3之龍過雞年) is a Hong Kong comedy film produced in 1993 starring Stephen Chow and Cheung Man. The film was written and directed by Wong Jing who replaced Gordon Chan as the director of the third installment.
 Jonestown: Paradise Lost is a 2007 documentary television film on the History Channel about the final days of Jonestown the Peoples Temple and Jim Jones. From eyewitness and survivor accounts the program recreates the last week before the mass murder-suicide on November 18 1978.
 My Flesh and Blood is a 2003 documentary film by Jonathan Karsh chronicling a year in the life of the Tom family. The Tom family is notable as the mother Susan Tom adopted eleven children most of whom had serious disabilities or diseases. It was nominated for and won several awards including the Audience Award and the Director's Award at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Absolument fabuleux is a French comedy film released in 2001. Written and directed by Gabriel Aghion the film was an adaptation of the British television comedy series Absolutely Fabulous.Aghion's stated reason for making the film was to increase awareness of the series in France where it was not widely known.
 Vampire Moth (吸血蛾 Kyuketsuki-ga) is a 1956 black-and-white thriller and Japanese film directed by Nobuo Nakagawa. The film is based on novel by Seishi Yokomizo.The plot involves a series of murders where the victims have their necks punctured. This film is said to be the first Japanese film in the vampire genre.
 Banduk is a 1985 Australian TV movie shot in Arnhem Land.
 Runaway Match or The Runaway Match or Marriage by Motor (UK title Elopement à la Mode) is a 1903 short silent film consisting of nine shots. It may be the first auto-centered narrative film and the first car chase in the movies.
 Appearances is a 1921 feature length British drama film directed by Donald Crisp. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. It is a lost film.
 Vinnukum Mannukum (English: For Space For Land) is a 2001 Tamil language movie directed by the Tamil Director Rajakumaran. It stars Vikram Sarath Kumar Devayani and Kushboo in the lead roles. It flopped miserably at the box-office.
 Libeled Lady is a 1936 screwball comedy film starring Jean Harlow William Powell Myrna Loy and Spencer Tracy written by George Oppenheimer Howard Emmett Rogers Wallace Sullivan and Maurine Dallas Watkins and directed by Jack Conway.Libeled Lady was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. The film was remade in 1946 as Easy to Wed with Esther Williams Van Johnson and Lucille Ball.
 Juan of the Dead (Spanish: Juan de los Muertos) is a Spanish-Cuban comedy zombie film written and directed by Alejandro Brugués. in 2010. Coproduction by La Zanfoña Producciones (España) Producciones de la 5ta Avenida (Cuba) with the participation of the ICAIC Canal Sur and Televisión Española. The film won the Goya Award for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film in 2012.
 Beirut Open City (French: Beyrouth Ville Ouverte) (Arabic: دخان بلا نار doukhan bila nar) is a 2008 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Samir Habchi. The film takes place after the Lebanese Civil War during the 1990s and the Syrian occupation of Lebanon.
 Exodus: A Journey to the Mountain of God (Hebrew: אקסודוס מסע אל הר האלוהים) is a 1992 Israeli documentary film that follows an international group of archaeologists and travelers who go on a camel-back journey looking for the true location of the Biblical Mount Sinai. Arriving at Mount Karkom in the southern Negev Desert of Israel they examine the archaeological findings discovered there by Italian archaeologist Prof. Emmanuel Anati.
 Holiday is a 1930 American romantic comedy film which tells the story of a young man who is torn between his free-thinking lifestyle and the tradition of his wealthy fiancée's family. It stars Ann Harding Mary Astor Edward Everett Horton Robert Ames and Hedda Hopper. It was produced and released by Pathé Exchange. The film was adapted by Horace Jackson from the play by Philip Barry. It was directed by Edward H. Griffith.
 Thursday's Child is a 1943 British black-and-white comedy drama directed by Rodney Ackland and starring Ronald Shiner as Joe Stewart Granger and Wilfrid Lawson. It was produced by John Argyle and Associated British Picture Corporation.
 Over the Hill is a 1992 Australian drama film directed by George T. Miller and starring Olympia Dukakis and Sigrid Thornton.
 The Double Conscious: Race & Rhetoric is a 2011 educational documentary compilation of speeches by a number of prominent figures dealing with race and racism in America.
 Navrang is a 1959 Hindi film movie of bollywood by Shantaram Rajaram Vankudre (V. Shantaram) from the year 1959. The film noted for its dance sequences with lead actress Sandhya and music by C. Ramchandra while playback singer Mahendra Kapoor made his singing debut with the hit Aadha Hai Chandrama Raat Aadhi.
 Premier rendez-vous (US title: Her First Affair) is a 1941 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux. It was directed by Henri Decoin who co-wrote the screenplay with Michel Duran. During the Nazi occupation the film was made by Continental Films at Paris Studios Cinéma.
 Journey into Medicine is a 1947 American documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Black Dahlia is a 2006 American neo noir crime film directed by Brian De Palma. It is drawn from a novel of the same name by James Ellroy writer of L.A. Confidential and starred Josh Hartnett Scarlett Johansson Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank. The film is based on the murder of Elizabeth Short and had its world premiere as opener at the 63rd Venice International Film Festival on August 30 2006. Wide release was on September 15 2006.
 Mysterious Intruder is a 1946 American mystery film noir based on the radio drama The Whistler. Directed by William Castle the production features Richard Dix Barton MacLane and Nina Vale. It is the fifth of Columbia Pictures' eight Whistler films starring Richard Dix produced in the 1940s.
 Squadra antiscippo (internationally released as The Cop in Blue Jeans and Cop in Blue Jeans) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.The film obtained a great commercial success and generated a film series consisting of eleven chapters all starred by Tomas Milian as Inspector Nico Giraldi.
 A Day for a Miracle (original title: Das Wunder von Kärnten) is a TV movie directed by Andreas Prochaska in 2011 and produced by Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion and Graf Film for public German TV channel ZDF and Austrian ORF. The film is based on real events telling the story of a 3-year-old girl from Austria who fell into the lake behind her parent's house in 1998 and had been under water for 30 minutes when she was found.
 The Whispering of the Gods (ゲルマニウムの夜 Gerumaniumu no yoru) is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Tatsushi Ōmori and based on a 1998 novel by Mangetsu Hanamura. Released without approval from Eirin the film details abuse in a tight-knit Catholic farming community where a teenager who has committed murder takes refuge.
 Basta guardarla (Just Look at Her) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.
 Teenage Thunder is a 1957 American film directed by Paul Helmick.
 The Grind is an urban drama written and directed by Rishi Opel and starring Jamie Foreman Freddie Connor Gordon Alexander Zoe Tapper Danny John-Jules and Kellie Shirley.The film tells the story of Vince a nightclub manager of The Grind in Hackney East London. Vince having fought his way to a decent living and respectable lifestyle is determined to settle down and take life easier. Bobby Vince's best friend from school is released from prison and their friendship soon falls apart.
 Sonny Boy is a 1929 film released by Warner Brothers directed by Archie Mayo and starring Davey Lee Edward Everett Horton and Betty Bronson. Some of the movie was shot silent and some was filmed in the Vitaphone sound-on-disc system.
 Tum: A Dangerous Obsession (Hindi: तुम) is a Bollywood Hindi film released in February 2004. It stars Manisha Koirala Rajat Kapoor and Karan Nath in the lead roles.
 Andersonville is an American television film directed by John Frankenheimer about a group of Union soldiers during the American Civil War who are captured by the Confederates and sent to an infamous Confederate prison camp.The film is loosely based on the diary of John Ransom a Union soldier imprisoned there.
 The Hour and Turn of Augusto Matraga (Portuguese: A Hora e a Vez de Augusto Matraga) is a 1965 Brazilian crime drama film directed by Roberto Santos. It won the Best Film Award and Leonardo Villar won the Best Actor Award at the 1st Festival de Brasília. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival. The film is based on the short story of the same name by Brazilian author Guimarães Rosa.
 At Five O'Clock in the Afternoon (Spanish: A las cinco de la tarde also released as At Five in the Afternoon) is a 1961 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 33rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Lipsett Diaries (French: Les journaux de Lipsett) is a 2010 short animated documentary about the life and art of collage filmmaker Arthur Lipsett animated and directed by Theodore Ushev and written by Chris Robinson. The 14-minute film was produced by the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal where Lipsett had worked from 1958 to 1972 before committing suicide in 1986. The film is narrated by Xavier Dolan.
 Killer Ape (1953) is the twelfth Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures. It features Johnny Weissmuller in his twelfth performance as the protagonist adventurer Jungle Jim. The film was directed by Spencer G. Bennet and written by Arthur Hoerl and Carroll Young. The film centres on Jungle Jim battling a man-like ape in the jungle and trying to clear his name after he is framed of murder. The film was theatrically released in the United States in December 1953.
 Sadaa Suhagan is a 1986 Indian film. It focuses on the lives of a married couple Laxmi (Rekha) and Rajshekhar (Jeetendra).
 Jag Jeondeyan De Mele (which means You meet until you are alive) is a Punjabi movie released in India on 20 February 2009 directed by Baljit Singh Deo and produced by Harbhajan Mann Kulwinder Sanghera Baljinder Sanghera Gulzar Inder Chahal Surinder Sanghera. This movie was huge at the box office.
 Kwaidan (怪談 Kaidan literally ghost stories) is a 1964 Japanese anthology horror film directed by Masaki Kobayashi. It is based on stories from Lafcadio Hearn's collections of Japanese folk tales mainly Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things for which it is named. The film consists of four separate and unrelated stories. Kwaidan is an archaic transliteration of Kaidan meaning ghost story.
 Colorado Sunset is a 1939 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Stanley Roberts based on a story by Luci Ward and Jack Natteford the film is about a singing cowboy and his buddies who discover that the ranch they bought is really a dairy farm—and worse it's subject to intimidation from a protection racket that prevents dairy products from safely reaching the market.
 Come on Cowboys is a 1937 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Joseph Kane.
 Proud American is a 2008 biographical drama film released by Slowhand Cinema in both conventional 35mm and IMAX format. It features five stories that intend to capture the essence of the American spirit two of them chronicling the founding of Wal-Mart and Coca-Cola. The film holds the distinction of having obtained additional funding through overt sponsorship of the two companies as well as MasterCard and American Airlines whose product placement can be observed throughout the film.
 My Best Friend's Birthday is a partially lost black-and-white amateur film written by Craig Hamann and Quentin Tarantino and directed by Tarantino while he was working at the now shuttered Video Archives in Manhattan Beach California.
 The Piano is a 1993 New Zealand romantic drama film about a mute pianist and her daughter set during the mid-19th century in a rainy muddy frontier backwater on the west coast of New Zealand. The film was written and directed by Jane Campion and stars Holly Hunter Harvey Keitel Sam Neill and Anna Paquin in her first acting role. It features a score for the piano by Michael Nyman which became a best-selling soundtrack album.
 The Great Divide is a 1929 American Western film produced and distributed by First National Pictures and starring Dorothy Mackaill. The film was released in both a silent and sound version and was directed by Reginald Barker. The Great Divide is a remake of a silent film he made at MGM in 1925. It was shot once again in 1931 as the full sound film Woman Hungry.
 Psychopath (Italian: Sigpress contro Scotland Yard German: Mister Zehn Prozent - Miezen und Moneten) is a 1968 Italian-German crime film directed by Guido Zurli and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Sea of Dust is a 2008 horror-fantasy film starring Tom Savini and Ingrid Pitt that takes its name from the boundary separating reality from religious truth a boundary epitomized by Prester John's Sea of Dust.
 Hierro is a 2009 psychological thriller directed by Gabe Ibáñez and starring Elena Anaya Kaiet Rodríguez Bea Segura and Andrés Herrera.
 Girls on Probation is a 1938 American crime film directed by William C. McGann and starring Ronald Reagan.
 I Spit on Your Grave 2 is a 2013 American rape and revenge horror film directed by Steven R. Monroe who directed its predecessor I Spit on Your Grave—which was based on Meir Zarchi's 1978 film of the same name. The film was given a limited theatrical release at one theater and has been received negatively by critics.
 The music video for Eiffel 65's Blue (Da Ba Dee) was released in 1999 by the BlissCoMedia a computer graphics company of the Bliss Corporation known at the time the video was produced and released as BlissMultiMedia. The video featured computer graphics done in 3ds Max and features Eiffel 65 members Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte trying to save Jeffrey Jey from the aliens Zorotl and Sayok6.
 Man to Man is a 2005 historical drama film directed by Régis Wargnier and starring Joseph Fiennes Kristin Scott Thomas and Iain Glen. One man in a team of Victorian scientists conducting research in Africa begins to have doubts about the human cost of their mission. It was scripted by William Boyd.
 Bell Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Quine based on the successful Broadway play by John Van Druten which stars James Stewart and Kim Novak in their second on-screen pairing (after Vertigo released earlier the same year). The film adapted by Daniel Taradash was Stewart's last film as a romantic lead.
 The Social Buccaneer was a 1923 American film serial directed by Robert F. Hill. The serial consisted of ten episodes and was based on the novel of the same name by Frederic S. Isham. The Social Buccaneer is now considered lost.
 Get Smart's Bruce and Lloyd: Out of Control is a direct-to-video motion picture released in 2008. It is a spin-off of the 2008 film Get Smart and was released in North America on July 1 2008 10 days after the parent film began its theatrical run. Directed by Gil Junger the film is written by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember based upon concepts created for the original Get Smart TV series by Mel Brooks and Buck Henry. The film's DVD sales have passed 100000 copies with $2200000 gross.
 Dancing in the Dust (Persian: رقص در غبار‎) is a 2003 Iranian film directed by Asghar Farhadi.
 London River is a 2009 British drama film written and produced by Franco-Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb. Starring Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyaté it centres on the journey of two people searching for their children after the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
 Dead Cert is a 1974 crime film directed by Tony Richardson. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Dick Francis.
 Or (My Treasure) is a 2004 drama film starring Dana Ivgy in the title role of Or a teenager who struggles to be responsible for her prostitute mother Ruthie played by Ronit Elkabetz. The French-Israeli production premiered on 14 May 2004 at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Jiseul (Hangul: 지슬) is a 2012 South Korean war drama film written and directed by Jeju Island native O Muel. The film is shot in black and white with the entire cast composed of local actors speaking their natural dialect. Jiseul means potato in Jeju dialect.
 Madison is a semi-fictional 2005 film about APBA hydroplane racing in the 1970s. It stars James Caviezel as a driver who comes out of retirement to lead the Madison Indiana community-owned racing team.
 Mama I Want to Sing! is an American musical film written and directed by Charles Randolph-Wright produced by Vision Films and CodeBlack Entertainment and distributed by 20th Century Fox's Fox Faith division. The film is an adaptation of the off-Broadway gospel stage musical of the same name written and produced by Vy Higginsen and Ken Wydro.The film is based on the life story of Doris Troy a preacher's daughter who sang in a church choir before being discovered by James Brown.
 Despicable Me is a 2010 American computer-animated 3D comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 2010 in the United States. It is Illumination Entertainment's first film.
 Hard Knocks is a 1980 film.
 The Adventurers is a 1970 American film based on the novel by Harold Robbins. It is directed produced and written by Lewis Gilbert.The American film stars Bekim Fehmiu Candice Bergen Charles Aznavour Olivia de Havilland Fernando Rey Ernest Borgnine Alan Badel and Leigh Taylor-Young. The film featured a film debut from Fehmiu and was shot in Europe and parts of South America. It is loosely based on the life of Dominican diplomat and playboy Porfirio Rubirosa.
 Zerophilia is a 2005 romantic comedy film with speculative-fiction elements directed by Academy of Motion Pictures' Student Academy Award winning director Martin Curland and produced by Microangelo Entertainment. It is about a young man who discovers that he has a genetic condition which will cause a change of gender following each orgasm.
 Getting Gilliam is a 2005 documentary film directed by Vincenzo Natali about the making of Terry Gilliam's film Tideland.
 Two Weeks is a 2007 comedy-drama film written and directed by Steve Stockman and starring Sally Field. It came out in theaters on March 2 2007 in select theaters and was released on DVD on September 18 2007. However it was screened at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 20 2006 and is often cited as a 2006 film.
 Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play Peter Pan or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie. It is the 14th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and was originally released on February 5 1953 by RKO Pictures. Peter Pan is the final Disney animated feature released through RKO before Walt Disney's founding of his own distribution company Buena Vista Distribution later in 1953 after the film was released.
 Scared Shrekless is a 21-minute Halloween television special set shortly after the events of Shrek Forever After that premiered on the American television network NBC on Thursday October 28 2010.The short marks the first time Eddie Murphy does not reprise his role as Donkey and is replaced by Dean Edwards Rupert Everett is replaced by Sean Bishop as Prince Charming and the Ogre Babies are now voiced by Miles Christopher Bakshi and Nina Zoe Bakshi.
 Shadowboxer is a 2005 crime thriller film directed by Lee Daniels that stars Academy Award winners Cuba Gooding Jr. Helen Mirren and Mo'Nique. It opened in limited release in six cities: New York Los Angeles Washington D.C. Baltimore Philadelphia and Richmond Virginia.
 A Passage to India is a 1984 drama film written and directed by David Lean. The screenplay is based on the 1924 novel of the same title by E. M. Forster and the 1960 play by Santha Rama Rau that was inspired by the novel.This was the final film of Lean's career and the first he had directed in fourteen years after the poisonous disaster of his previous film Ryan's Daughter in 1970.
 The Price is a 1924 Australian silent film made with a largely amateur cast under the direction of Dunstan Webb. It is considered a lost film.
 Contagion is a 2011 medical thriller directed by Steven Soderbergh. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Marion Cotillard Bryan Cranston Matt Damon Laurence Fishburne Jude Law Gwyneth Paltrow Kate Winslet and Jennifer Ehle.
 Kurumbu is a 2003 Indian Tamil film directed by Vishnuvardhan making his directorial debut. The film a remake of the 2002 Telugu film Allari stars Allari Naresh who also starred in the original version which marked his acting debut along with the female artists Diya and Nikita Thukral in lead roles.
 Strike is a Polish language film produced by a mainly German group released in 2006 and directed by Volker Schlöndorff. The film is broadly a docudrama.
 Hunted (U.S. The Stranger In Between) is a black-and-white British film directed by Charles Crichton and released in 1952. Hunted is a crime drama in the form of a chase film starring Dirk Bogarde and written by Jack Whittingham and Michael McCarthy. It was produced by Julian Wintle and edited by Gordon Hales and Geoffrey Muller with cinematography by Eric Cross and music by Hubert Clifford.
 The Neanderthal Man is a 78-minute 1953 United States black-and-white science fiction film produced independently by Aubrey Wisberg and Jack Pollexfen as Global Productions Inc. from their own original screenplay.It starred Robert Shayne Richard Crane and Joyce Terry directed by E. A. Dupont and was originally distributed in the USA by United Artists Corp. Beverly Garland in a supporting role appears here in her first fantastic film.
 Off Season is a 2012 noir thriller independent film directed by Katie Carman and starring Elizabeth Lee Kimani Shillingford Abe Koogler Mchale Bright Dan Odell and Jun Naito. The film had its premiere screening on May 28 2012 at the Anthology Film Archives.
 The Strangers is a 2012 Filipino teen horror film directed by Lawrence Fajardo. It stars Enchong Dee Julia Montes Enrique Gil and JM De Guzman.The film is produced by Quantum Films and MJM Productions and distributed by Star Cinema on December 25 2012. It is also one of the official entries of the 38th Metro Manila Film Festival.
 The Bet (French title: Le Pari) is a 1997 film directed about smoking cessation written and starred by Didier Bourdon and Bernard Campan of the French comic trio Les Inconnus (The Unknowns).
 White Man is a lost 1924 American silent drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier. The film is set in a diamond mine in South Africa. The film marked Clark Gable's debut.
 El Haragán de la familia (The lazy one in the family) is a black and white Argentine film that premiere on February 21 1940.
 St. Elmo's Fire is a 1985 American coming-of-age film directed by Joel Schumacher. The film starring Emilio Estevez Rob Lowe Andrew McCarthy Demi Moore Judd Nelson Ally Sheedy and Mare Winningham centers on a group of friends that have just graduated from Georgetown University and their adjustment to their post-university lives and the responsibilities of encroaching adulthood. The film is a prominent movie of the Brat Pack genre.
 Walking Across Egypt is a 1999 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film directed by veteran director Arthur Allan Seidelman and written by Paul Tamasy based on Clyde Edgerton's novel of the same name. Walking Across Egypt represents one of the more significant independent films produced in the Florida film industry in recent times.
 Arizona is a 1918 silent film drama produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and released by Artcraft Pictures a Paramount related firm. The film was based on a famous play by Augustus Thomas a well-known playwright of the time and directed by Albert Parker. Parker had appeared as an actor in Fairbanks's 1916 American Aristocracy. The film is presumed lost.
 A media luz los tres is a 1958 Mexican film directed by Julián Soler. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 De Komst van Joachim Stiller is a 1976 Belgian film directed by Harry Kümel based on the book of the same name.
 Sunflower (Italian: I girasoli) is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica. It was the first western movie to be filmed in the USSR.
 The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron co-written by Cameron Gale Anne Hurd and William Wisher Jr. and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Michael Biehn and Linda Hamilton. It was filmed in Los Angeles produced by Hemdale Film Corporation and distributed by Orion Pictures. Schwarzenegger plays the Terminator a cyborg assassin sent back in time from the year 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor played by Hamilton.
 LA Plays Itself is a 1972 American experimental gay pornographic film.At the film's screening Salvador Dalí was reportedly quoted as saying new information for me.
 Living In Missouri (2001) is an award-winning indie film comedy about an emotionally maladjusted love triangle.The film directed by Shaun Peterson made its world premiere at the Austin Film Festival in 2001 and has spent several years playing festivals and special engagements. The cast includes Ian McConnel screenwriter Connor Ratliff and veteran character actor Holmes Osborne (Donnie Darko Affliction That Thing You Do!).
 The Unnamable II: The Statement of Randolph Carter is a 1993 horror film. It incorporates elements from the short story The Statement of Randolph Carter by H.P. Lovecraft and is a sequel to The Unnamable which is loosely based on the short story of the same name also by Lovecraft. Mark Kinsey Stephenson reprises the role of Randolph Carter from the previous film while Charles Clausmeyer appears as Howard.
 Originally titled La Grande Speranza retitled Submarine Attack and Torpedo Zone in English this low-key anti-war film is slow-moving and lacking in dramatic tension by action film standards but conveys its message effectively. It is notable for being shot inside and on the deck of an actual submarine and for winning both the Special Prize of the Senate of Berlin and the OCIC Award at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 Long Live the Island Frogs (Korean: Seom gaeguli manse) is a 1972 South Korean drama film directed by Jin-woo Jeong. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Church and the Woman is a 1917 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford set against the background of sectarianism in Australia. It is considered a lost film.
 Taaqatwar is a 1989 Bollywood action film directed by David Dhawan and starring Sanjay Dutt Govinda Neelam Kothari and Anita Raj. It was a boxoffice success. Govinda worked with David Dhawan for the first time in Taaqatwar. He then formed a successful collaboration with David Dhawan and went onto act in 17 movies directed by him most of which were comedy films and were successful.
 The Battle of Chile is a documentary film directed by the Chilean Patricio Guzman in 3 parts: The Insurrection of the Bourgeoisie (1975) The Coup d'état (1976) Popular Power (1979). It is a chronicle of the political tension in Chile in 1973 and of the violent counter revolution against the democratically elected government of Salvador Allende. It won the Grand Prix in 1975 and 1976 at the Grenoble International Film Festival.
 The Gauntlet is a 1977 American action film directed by Clint Eastwood starring Eastwood and Sondra Locke. The film's supporting cast includes Pat Hingle William Prince Bill McKinney and Mara Corday. Eastwood plays a down-and-out cop who falls in love with a prostitute (Locke) whom he is assigned to escort from Las Vegas to Phoenix in order for her to testify against the mob.
 The Cocoon and the Butterfly is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres starring William Garwood and Louise Lester.
 Paparazzi: Eye in the Dark is a 2011 romantic mystery film directed by Bayo Akinfemi and starring Van Vicker Koby Maxwell Tchidi Chikere Syr Law JJ Bunny and Chet Anekwe. The film depicts the adventures of an aspiring photographer whose accidental picture exposes an infamous murder mystery. The film was initially slated for a direct-to-video release but is currently as of February 2011 making a multiple city limited theatrical release.
 Un Hombre solo no vale nada is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Happy Face Killer is a 2014 Canadian-American television film inspired by real-life events of the hunt and capture of serial killer Keith Hunter Jesperson. The film premiered on March 1 2014 on the Lifetime network and starred David Arquette as Jesperson. Gloria Reuben played Melinda Gand the lead FBI case investigator.
 Gotcha! is a 1985 action film starring Anthony Edwards and Linda Fiorentino and directed by Jeff Kanew who also directed Anthony Edwards in Revenge of the Nerds in 1984.The film is set in and was filmed around Los Angeles United States; Paris France and East-West Berlin in Germany.The film later had a game for the Nintendo Entertainment System for use with the Zapper light gun called Gotcha! The Sport!. A line of toys based on the game and movie was also released.
 Gospa (1995) is a religious drama starring Martin Sheen and Morgan Fairchild about events surrounding pilgrimages to a small village in Herzegovina where six school children claim Gospa (Croatian for Lady) appeared in 1981 (see Our Lady of Međugorje). The movie highlights Communists preying on Catholics and Croatians who suffer at the hands of authorities.
 Gattu is a 2012 Hindi film directed by Rajan Khosa which gained high recognition in the Film Festival circuit. Khosa is most known for his previous film Dance of the Wind (1997).
 The Woman in the Hall is a 1947 British drama film directed by Jack Lee with a screenplay by Jack Lee Ian Dalrymple and Gladys Bronwyn Stern from Stern's novel. It was released in 1947. A studio bound melodrama it seems atypical of Lee's later films but the struggles of an individual to achieve a goal and through that struggle develop into a better person was a recurrent theme. The film features the screen debut of future television star Susan Hampshire.
 2 Fast 2 Furious is a 2003 American action film directed by John Singleton. It is the second installment of The Fast and the Furious series. Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) teams up with his ex-con friend Roman Pearce (Tyrese Gibson) and works with undercover U.S. Customs Service agent Monica Fuentes (Eva Mendes) to bring Miami-based drug lord Carter Verone (Cole Hauser) down.
 The Girl from Calgary is a 1932 American musical comedy film directed by Phil Whitman.
 The Ryan White Story is a 1989 television film starring Lukas Haas and Judith Light directed by John Herzfeld. The film first aired on the ABC network on January 16 1989.The film was based on the true story of the American teenager Ryan White who became a national poster child for HIV/AIDS in the United States after being expelled from middle school because of his infection.Nielsen ratings estimated that the movie was seen by 15 million viewers on the original airing.
 Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane is a 2007 zombie film by director Scott Thomas. Thomas co-wrote the screenplay with Mark Onspaugh and Sidney Iwanter. The film was originally titled Plane Dead but the title was changed at Montreal's 2007 Fantasia Festival screening; however in spite of a successful screening there and at other festivals the film did not gain a commercial release and was issued directly to DVD in unrated form.
 The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training is the 1977 sequel to the feature film The Bad News Bears.This film picks up the Bears' career a year after their infamous second-place finish in the North Valley League. However after winning this year they are left reeling by the departure of Buttermaker as their coach and an injury to goat-turned-hero Timmy Lupus (Quinn Smith).
 Hold You Tight (Chinese: 愈快樂愈墮落; pinyin: Yù kuàilè yù duòluò) is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic drama film directed by Stanley Kwan.It features full-frontal male nudity.It is Stanley Kwan's seventh feature film and he says that his previous two documentaries A Personal Memoir of Hong Kong and Yang ± Yin: Gender in Chinese Cinema had strong influences on making this film: Both of them evolved from my thoughts on family background and upbringing my career as a filmmaker my sexual orientation and my identity as a Chinese man living in a British colony. 
 Ein Shams is a 2007 film.
 Maverick is a 1994 Western comedy film directed by Richard Donner and written by William Goldman based on the 1950s television series of the same name created by Roy Huggins. The film stars Mel Gibson as the eponymous Bret Maverick a card player and con-artist collecting money to enter a high-stakes poker game for the prize and to prove himself the best player.
 20 Dates is a 1998 American mockumentary film. Myles Berkowitz directs and stars as the film's protagonist trying to find love and start a film career at the same time by filming himself going out on 20 dates with different women.
 Murder Live is an American television film that first aired on NBC on March 9 1997.
 Bundal Baaz is a 1976 Bollywood fantasy and romantic comedy film directed by Shammi Kapoor. The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the lead role and Shammi Kapoor in the supporting role.
 Carry On Up the Khyber is the sixteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made released in 1968. It stars Carry On regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth. Roy Castle makes his only Carry On appearance in the romantic male lead part usually played by Jim Dale. Angela Douglas makes her fourth and final appearance in the series.
 Pour Sacha (English title: For Sacha) is a 1991 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Arcady and starring Sophie Marceau Gérard Darmon and Ayelet Zurer. The film is set just prior to the outbreak of the Six-Day War in 1967.
 Devadasu is a Tollywood film that released on 11 January 2006 and was directed and produced by YVS Chowdary. Debutants Ram and Ileana D'Cruz play the main leads while Sayaji Shinde plays the negative role. Indian actress Shriya Saran sizzles the audience with a special role.This film also won 2 Filmfare Awards South. This film was both Ram's and Ileana D'Cruz's debut film as artists. The movie Dubbed in Malayalam as Devdas also remade in Bengali as Paglu (2011).
 Order of the Black Eagle (aka Black Eagle) is an American pseudo-parody action B movie released in December 1987. The film is a sequel to Unmasking the Idol a 1986 film by the same director (Keeter) story-writer (Eaton) and screenplay writer (Behrens). Leonard Worth Keeter III directed it in Shelby North Carolina at Earl Owensby Studios and the surrounding area. Betty J. Stephens John Alan Stephens PhD and Robert P. Eaton co-produced the film.
 The Giver is an upcoming science fiction film directed by Phillip Noyce based on the 1993 novel of same name by Lois Lowry. The film stars Jeff Bridges Brenton Thwaites Meryl Streep Odeya Rush Katie Holmes and Alexander Skarsgård. It is scheduled to be released in the United States on August 15 2014.
 House of Mortal Sin (also known as The Confessional and The Confessional Murders) is a low budget 1975 horror film directed by Pete Walker and scripted by David McGillivray from a story by Walker.
 Flipping Out is a 2008 documentary film directed by Yoav Shamir describing the drug use of Israeli men and women in India. It follows Israeli soldiers who take their discharge bonus and travel to India where 90 percent will take drugs and around 2000 will eventually need professional help after experiencing drug-induced mental breakdowns or flipping out. It was shown on Sundance Channel.
 The Last Dinosaur is a Japanese/American tokusatsu co-production co-directed by Alexander Grasshoff and Shusei Kotani billed as Tom Kotani and co-produced by Japan's Tsuburaya Productions and American interests for Rankin/Bass Productions. This B-movie first aired in the United States as a television movie in 1977 and shortly afterwards was released in Japan as a theatrical feature. The film stars Richard Boone and Joan Van Ark.
 Fahrenheit 451 is a 1966 science fiction drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Oskar Werner Julie Christie and Cyril Cusack. Based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Ray Bradbury the film is about an oppressive future in which a fireman whose duty it is to destroy all books begins to question his task. This was Truffaut's first color film as well as his only English-language film. At the 1966 Venice Film Festival Fahrenheit 451 was nominated for the Golden Lion.
 Let's All Hate Toronto is a 2007 Canadian documentary film co-directed by independent documentarian Albert Nerenberg and Rob Spence. The documentary is a comedic examination of the reasons why everyone in Canada seems to hate Toronto. In the film co-director Robert Spence nicknamed Mister Toronto takes off on a cross-Canada journey to find out why there seems to be so much resentment for Canada's biggest city all the while promoting a fake Toronto Appreciation Day.
 Einstein and Eddington is a British single drama produced by Company Pictures and the BBC in association with HBO. It featured David Tennant as British scientist Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington and Andy Serkis as Albert Einstein. This is the story of Einstein's general theory of relativity his relationship with Eddington and the introduction of this theory to the world against the backdrop of the Great War.It was first broadcast on BBC Two on 22 November 2008.
 The Nightmare Before Christmas often promoted as Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas is a 1993 American stop motion musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick and produced/co-written by Tim Burton. It tells the story of Jack Skellington a being from Halloween Town who opens a portal to Christmas Town and decides to celebrate the holiday with some dastardly and comical consequences.
 Little Fugitive is a 2006 remake of the same name. It was directed by Joanna Lipper and produced by Nicholas Paleologos. The film is set in present day Brooklyn and tells the story of 11-year-old Lenny (Nicolas Martí Salgado) who must take care of his 7-year-old brother Joey (David Castro) while their father (Peter Dinklage) is in jail and their mother work long hours a nursing home. When Lenny plays a practical joke on Joey that goes too far Joey soon runs away to Coney Island.
 Abandoned is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Joseph M. Newman. The drama features Dennis O'Keefe Gale Storm and others.
 The Children's Hour (released as The Loudest Whisper in the United Kingdom) is a 1961 American drama film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes is based on the 1934 play of the same title by Lillian Hellman. The film stars Audrey Hepburn Shirley MacLaine and James Garner.
 Aenigma is a 1987 Italian horror film. It was directed by Lucio Fulci.
 Kasme Vaade (Devnagari: कस्मे वादे) is a 1978 Hindi film produced and directed by Ramesh Behl. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Raakhee Neetu Singh and Amjad Khan. Randhir Kapoor earned a Filmfare nomination as Best Supporting Actor the only nomination for the film. Rekha makes a guest appearance as a dancer. The music is by R. D. Burman and the lyrics by Gulshan Bawra.
 Sheena also known as Sheena: Queen of the Jungle is a 1984 Columbia Pictures film based on a comic-book character that first appeared in the late 1930s Sheena Queen of the Jungle.A hybrid of action-adventure and soap opera–style drama Sheena was shot on location in Kenya.
 Thai Thangai Paasam (English: Mother Sister Affection) is a Tamil film released in 1995 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. Rajender himself appeared in the title role whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's three real life children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released on 14 April 1995.
 Blonde Venus is a 1932 Pre-Code drama film starring Marlene Dietrich and Cary Grant. The movie was produced and directed for Paramount Pictures by Josef von Sternberg with a screenplay by Jules Furthman and S. K. Lauren adapted from a story by Furthman and von Sternberg. The music score was by W.
 BBD is an unreleased Hindi film directed by Anjan Dutt. The film was co-produced by Percept Picture Company and Moxie Entertainment Pvt Ltd.
 Andhra Mess is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Jai and produced by Nirmal K. Bala. The film feature a primarily new cast and will have music scored by Prashant Pillai. Touted to be a wacky road-trip movie about small-time eccentric crooks who are part of a failed heist the film will release in late 2014.
 Circuitry Man is a 1990 post-apocalyptic science fiction film starring Jim Metzler. There is a 1994 sequel Plughead Rewired: Circuitry Man II.
 Dynamite Dan is a 1924 American drama film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Welcome to Blood City is a 1977 film directed by Peter Sasdy. It stars Jack Palance and Keir Dullea.
 The music video for recording artist Rihanna's single “Umbrella” was directed by Chris Applebaum. It was filmed on April 13 2007 in the Los Angeles area of California. The premiere of the video was April 26 2007 but the video was unfinished. The final version entitled “Orange Version” was released on May 11 2007.
 Shakalaka Boom Boom is a 2007 Bollywood musical thriller film directed and produced by Suneel Darshan and written by Anurag Kashyap. The film stars Bobby Deol Upen Patel Celina Jaitley and Kangna Ranaut in the lead. It released on 6 April 2007 and received mixed response from critics.Shakalaka Boom Boom is based on conflicts and the power game involved in the functioning of the music industry. The film was partly shot in South Africa.
 42nd Street is a 1933 American Warner Bros. musical film directed by Lloyd Bacon with choreography by Busby Berkeley. The songs were written by Harry Warren (music) and Al Dubin (lyrics) and the script was written by Rian James and James Seymour with Whitney Bolton (uncredited) from the novel of the same name by Bradford Ropes.The film is a backstage musical and was very successful at the box office.
 Perjura (Perjured) is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.
 Monsieur Verdoux is a 1947 black comedy film directed by and starring Charles Chaplin who plays a bigamist wife-killer inspired by serial killer Henri Désiré Landru. The supporting cast includes Martha Raye William Frawley and Marilyn Nash.
 Bhalobasar Rong also (Bengali: ভালোবাসার রং) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Shahin Shomon. Stars Mahiya Mahi Bappy Chowdhury Amit Hasan (villain) Razzak and many more.
 Heroes Of The East (Chinese: 中華丈夫) also known as Challenge Of The Ninja Shaolin Vs. Ninja and Shaolin Challenges Ninja is a martial arts film produced in 1978. It starred Gordon Liu and was directed by Lau Kar-Leung. Lau Kar-Leung has a cameo role as a master of Drunken Kung Fu. It's notable for portraying Japanese martial arts alongside the more typical Kung-Fu used in most Hong Kong martial arts films.
 SpokAnarchy! is a 2011 documentary film that chronicles the 1980s punk rock scene in Spokane Washington. Mixing vintage music videos live clips and found footage with contemporary interviews the film portrays what happened when a group of disaffected teenagers from a small isolated Northwest city embraced the music and fashion of the big-city punk scenes.
 De turno con la muerte is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Open All Night is a 1934 British drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Frank Vosper Margaret Vines Gillian Lind Geraldine Fitzgerald and Michael Shepley. Anton a Grand Duke who was forced to flee Russia after the 1917 revolution works as a waiter in a British restaurant where he puts his life on the line to help somebody else
 Hum Pyar Tumhi Se Kar Baithe is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mohan Singh Rathor and produced by Ratan Jain. It stars Jugal Hansraj and Tina Rana in pivotal roles.
 Battle League Horumo (鴨川ホルモー Kamogawa Horumō) is a Japanese fantasy-action-comedy film directed by Katsuhide Motoki.
 Nanayam (Malayalam: നാണയം) is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by I.V. Sasi and starring Mammootty Mohanlal Seema and Poornima Jayaram. It is the story of two step brothers (played by Mammootty and Mohanlal) who takes over the business of their parents and the problems they encounter while running it.
 Son İstasyon is a 2010 Turkish drama film written and directed by Oğulcan Kırca and starring the director's father Levent Kırca.
 Touch and Go is a 1980 Australian heist film starring Wendy Hughes.
 A Word to the Wives is a 1955 sponsored comedy film directed by Norman Lloyd and starring Marsha Hunt and Darren McGavin. The film now in the public domain was sponsored by the American Gas Association the National Association of Home Builders and Woman's Home Companion magazine and features products by Caloric Whirlpool Corporation Formica Corporation Republic Steel Kitchens and Ruud.
 Forever Fabulous is a 1999 comedy starring Jean Smart Jennifer Elise Cox Robert Wagner Emily Proctor and Jorja Fox which was written and directed by Werner Molinsky and initially screened at the under the title Tiara Tango at the 1999 Austin Film Festival. In 2001 the film began airing on the Lifetime Movie Network where it aired periodically until early 2004.
 Restless City is a 2011 independent drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu. It was written by Eugene M. Gussenhoven and stars Sy Alassane Sky Nicole Grey Tony Okungbowa and Babs Olusanmonkun. It premiered on January 23 2011 at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
 The Andy Warhol Story (1966) is an underground film directed by Andy Warhol with cinematography by Paul Morrissey and starring Edie Sedgwick and Rene Ricard (as Andy Warhol).According to the Warhol Stars website the film was made in November 1966 and is two reels long.
 The Two Parachutists or I due parà is a 1965 Italian war comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. The film is about two poor Italian buskers who want to go to the USA but get on the wrong ship and end up in South America.
 The Heart of a Nation (French: Untel père et fils) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier who co-wrote screenplay with Marcel Achard and Charles Spaak. The film stars Raimu Michèle Morgan and Louis Jouvet.
 Patricia Gets Her Man is a 1937 British romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Purdell and starring Hans Söhnker Lesley Brook and Edwin Styles. In an effort to attract a film star a woman pays another man to pretend to be a suitor in order to provoke jealously in the star. However she soon begins to fall in love with her hired partner.
 Carnosaur 3: Primal Species is a 1996 direct-to-video action/horror/sci-fi film. It is the sequel to the 1995 film Carnosaur 2 and the third installation of the Carnosaur series. It was the first of the series to not get a theatrical release. The film is the last in the series but was followed by two unofficial sequel the first called Raptor in 2001 which included re-used footage from the series; the second was The Eden Formula a made-for-TV film.
 She's Gotta Have It is a 1986 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Spike Lee. It is Lee's first feature-length film.The film stars Tracy Camilla Johns Tommy Redmond Hicks and John Canada Terrell. Also appearing are cinematographer Ernest Dickerson as a Queens resident and in an early appearance S. Epatha Merkerson as a doctor.
 And Now for Something Completely Different is a film spin-off from the television comedy series Monty Python's Flying Circus featuring sketches from the first two series. The title was used as a catchphrase in the television show.The film released in 1971 consists of 90 minutes of sketches seen in the first two series of the television show. The sketches were remade on film without an audience and were intended for an American audience which had not yet seen the series.
 Gods Behaving Badly is an unreleased film adaptation of Marie Phillips' best-selling satire novel of the same name about a young mortal couple (Alicia Silverstone and Ebon Moss-Bachrach) who encounter a group of Greek gods living in New York City. The film is the feature-length directorial debut of Marc Turtletaub who is better known as a film producer.The film was shot in 2011 and premiered at the 2013 Rome Film Festival.
 Cattiva (internationally released as The Wicked) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. The film is loosely based on real life events of Carl Jung the founder of analytical psychology. For this film Giuliana De Sio was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress.
 Laughing Times is a 1980 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by John Woo and starring Dean Shek as the Chinese Charlie Chaplin. This is the first film produced by Cinema City a film company established by Shek Karl Maka and Raymond Wong.
 Pesadilla (English: Nightmare) is a 1963 Argentine film.
 General John Regan is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards Chrissie White and Ben Welden. It is an adaptation of the 1913 play General John Regan by George A. Birmingham.
 Jau Tithe Khau is a Marathi movie released on 8 February 2007. Produced by Meghraj Shahjirao Rajebhosle and directed by Abhay Kirti. The movie is based on the protagonist who is fed up of corruption everywhere and decides to teach everyone a lesson.
 Lesbian Vampire Killers is a 2009 British comedy horror film written by Stewart Williams and Paul Hupfield produced by Steve Clark-Hall and directed by Phil Claydon.
 Bret Maverick: The Lazy Ace is the 1981 2-hour pilot episode of the television series Bret Maverick trimmed to a quicker pace and repackaged as a TV-movie for rerunning on local television stations. The 1981 show was based on the 1957 series Maverick catching up with professional poker-player Bret Maverick (James Garner). The film written by Gordon T.
 The Golden Stallion is a 1949 American western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers Dale Evans and Estelita Rodriguez. The film was part of the long-running series of Roy Rogers films produced by Republic Pictures.
 Fair Game is a 1995 action film directed by Andrew Sipes. It stars Cindy Crawford as family law attorney Kate McQuean and William Baldwin as Max Kirkpatrick a Florida police officer.
 Der Kahn der fröhlichen Leute is an East German film directed by Hans Heinrich. It was released in 1950 and sold more than 4100000 tickets.
 Daisy and Simon is a 1988 Australian film shot in Perth. It is also known as Where the Outback Ends.It was first announced in 1983 as Daisy then in 1985 as The Distance with Michael York.
 Sounds Like Teen Spirit (also known as Sounds Like Teen Spirit: A Popumentary) is a 2008 documentary and debut feature film of Bafta-Award nominated director Jamie Jay Johnson. It follows the lives of the participants of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 specifically the entrants from Belgium Bulgaria Cyprus and Georgia.
 Devil's Due is an American supernatural horror film film directed by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett and written by Lindsay Devlin. The film stars Allison Miller Zach Gilford and Sam Anderson. The film was released on January 17 2014.
 Dersu Uzala (Russian: Дерсу Узала) is a 1961 Soviet film adapted from the books of Vladimir Arsenyev about his travels in Russian Far East with a native trapper Dersu Uzala. The film was produced by Mosnauchfilm (Моснаучфильм) directed by Agasi Babayan (Агаси Бабаян) with screenwriter Igor Bolgarin (Игорь Болгарин) and featuring Adolf Shestakov (Адольф Шестаков) and Kasym Zhakibayev (Касым Жакибаев).
 A.K. 56 is a Kannada language film by action film director Om Prakash Rao. It is Rao's 25th film. Rao had directed AK-47 (film) starring shivaraj Kumar. The film is produced by the Indian film company Silver Screen Pictures as their premiere venture.It is Siddanth's second Kannada movie and is estimated to be one of the most expensive Kannada film's ever made. The scheduled release date for AK56 is 10 February 2012. The film is the Big Budget film in Kannada Cinema Industry of 12 crores.
 Condorman is a 1981 American adventure/comedy superhero film from Walt Disney Productions starring Michael Crawford Barbara Carrera and Oliver Reed. Inspired by Robert Sheckley's The Game of X the movie follows comic book illustrator Woodrow Wilkins' attempts to assist in the defection of a female Soviet KGB agent.
 Dunia Baru: The Movie is a Malaysian film based on the comedy drama series Dunia Baru. The film released on 7 February 2008.
 30-Second Bunnies Theatre is a Webby Award-winning Flash cartoon series featuring films re-enacted by anthropomorphic animated bunnies in 30 seconds. The series is produced by Angry Alien Productions the one-woman company of creator Jennifer Shiman.The series debuted in 2004 when Shiman sought to create a humorous web series. She unveiled a version of The Exorcist re-enacted by animated bunnies in 30 seconds.
 Kiles (literally translate as Passion) is a 2010 Cambodian Drama film written by local award-winning director Mao Ayom.
 The Twelve Chairs (Spanish: Las doce sillas) is a 1962 Cuban comedy film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 A Question of Honor is a 1915 short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 The Road to Freedom is a 2010 war film directed by Brendan Moriarty in his directorial debut. The film is inspired by the true-life story of photojournalist Sean Flynn the son of Errol Flynn who disappeared with fellow photojournalist Dana Stone in Cambodia in 1970. Joshua Fredric Smith portrays Sean while Scott Maguire portrays Dana.The world premiere at Cannes Film Festival was on the April 27 2010.
 Il viale della speranza is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Dino Risi.
 Le Roman d'un tricheur (sometimes known in English as The Story of a Cheat but also as Confessions of a Cheat The Story of a Trickster or The Cheat) is a 1936 film starring written and directed by Sacha Guitry. It was adapted from Guitry's only novel Les Mémoires d'un tricheur published in 1935.
 A Helpful Sisterhood is a 1914 American film directed by Van Dyke Brooke.
 Jennifer's Body is a 2009 black comedy horror film written by Diablo Cody and directed by Karyn Kusama. The film stars Megan Fox Amanda Seyfried Johnny Simmons and Adam Brody. Fox portrays a newly possessed cheerleader who kills her male classmates with her best friend striving to stop her. The film premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States and Canada on September 18 2009.
 Heathcliff: The Movie is a 1986 animated film from DIC Entertainment released by Atlantic Releasing under their Clubhouse Pictures label. Paramount Home Video released Heathcliff: The Movie on VHS in 1988. After Heathcliff DIC would not have another film released to theatres until Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie in 2006.
 A Mix-Up in Pedigrees is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Francelia Billington.
 Immensee: ein deutsches Volkslied (Immensee: A German Folksong) is a German film melodrama of the Nazi era directed in 1943 by Veit Harlan and loosely based on the popular novella Immensee (1849) by Theodor Storm. It was a commercial success and with its theme of a woman remaining faithful to her husband was important in raising the morale of German forces; it remained popular after World War II.
 Captain America: The First Avenger is a 2011 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the fifth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by Joe Johnston written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely and stars Chris Evans Tommy Lee Jones Hugo Weaving Hayley Atwell Sebastian Stan Dominic Cooper Neal McDonough Derek Luke and Stanley Tucci.
 Lunarcy! is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed by Simon Ennis and produced by Jonas Bell Pasht Ron Mann Jonah Bekhor. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto Film Festival on September 8 2012 and was distributed worldwide through German Screen.
 The Transformers: The Movie is a 1986 animated feature film based on the animated TV series by the same name. It was released in North America on August 8 1986 and in the UK on December 5 1986.The film was directed by Nelson Shin who produced the original Transformers television series and features the voices of Eric Idle Judd Nelson Leonard Nimoy Casey Kasem Robert Stack Lionel Stander John Moschitta Jr. Peter Cullen and Frank Welker.
 Knock on Wood is a 1954 comedy starring Danny Kaye and Mai Zetterling. Other actors in the film include Torin Thatcher David Burns and Leon Askin. The film was written and directed by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama with songs by Kaye's wife Sylvia Fine.
 The Third Blow (Russian: третий удар) is a Soviet 1948 film directed by Igor Savchenko.
 Let It Be is a 1970 documentary film about the Beatles rehearsing and recording songs for the album Let It Be in January 1969. The film features an unannounced rooftop concert by the group their last performance in public. Released just after the album it was the final original Beatles release.The film was originally planned as a television documentary which would accompany a concert broadcast. When plans for a broadcast were dropped the project became a feature film.
 Captain Prabhakaran is a 1991 Tamil action film directed by R. K. Selvamani. It features Vijayakanth in the lead role. It also features Mansoor Ali Khan Rupini and Ramya Krishnan while R. Sarathkumar appears in a small role. It was Vijayakanth's 100th film afterwhich he earned the nickname captain. The character of the antagonist Veerabhadran played by Mansoor Ali Khan is loosely based on the forest brigand Veerappan. The film was a commercial success in South India upon its release.
 The Love of Captain Brando (Spanish: El amor del capitán Brando) is a 1974 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime de Armiñán. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Night Hair Child (also released under the titles Night Child Child of the Night What the Peeper Saw Tua Presenza Nuda and Diabólica Malicia) is a 1971 horror film starring Mark Lester Britt Ekland Hardy Krüger and Lilli Palmer. The film was directed by James Kelley (who is better known for directing The Beast in the Cellar). The Italian version of the film credits Andrea Bianchi as director under the pseudonym Andrew White.
 'Yugoslavia in War 1941-1945(Serbian: Jugoslavija u ratu 1941-1945.) is a Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) documentary series first broadcast in the early 1990s. Covering the Yugoslav Front during World War II the documentary is notable for including many participants and eyewitnesses from the war as well as many notable Yugoslav British German Russian and Italian historians publicists and journalists.
 Lunar Eclipse is a 1999 Chinese film and the directorial debut from Sixth Generation director Wang Quan'an. It is also the feature film debut of Wang's most frequent collaborator/muse Yu Nan. Unlike his next two films which focus on rural communities Lunar Eclipse is an urban drama following the wife of a newlywed couple (Yu Nan) who becomes mesmerized by an amateur photographer (Wu Chao) who claims to have once been in love with a woman who looked just like her.
 Artistic Creation is a 1901 British short silent comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring a lightning sketch artist drawing a picture of a woman which comes to life piece by piece. The film is one of the earliest examples of a film about an artist's creations coming to life and according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline a metaphorical cautionary tale about the responsibilities that should be borne by both creative artists and indeed the male sex in general.
 Before I Sleep (formerly titled Shakespeare's Daughter) is an upcoming drama film co-directed written and produced by Aaron Sharff and Billy Sharff. The film features David Warner Tom Sizemore Bonnie Wright Cynthia Gibb Eric Roberts Eugene Simon Campbell Scott and Chevy Chase.The film premiered in competition at the Heartland Film Festival on October 19 2013.
 Who Cares is a 1925 silent film produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures and starring Dorothy Devore.It is preserved in the Library of Congress's collection.
 Andaz (English: Style) is a 1949 Indian Hindi film directed by Mehboob Khan with music by Naushad. The film stars Dilip Kumar Nargis and Raj Kapoor in a love triangle. Andaz is the only movie that stars Kumar and Kapoor together. Cukoo and Murad also appear in supporting roles. The film's lyrics are by Majrooh SultanpuriAt the time of its release Andaz was the top grossing Hindi film ever until its record was broken by Raj Kapoor's Barsaat that same year. [1]
 Housekeeping is a 1987 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Bill Forsyth and starring Christine Lahti Sara Walker and Andrea Burchill. Based on the 1980 novel Housekeeping by Marilynne Robinson the film is about two young sisters growing up in Idaho during the 1950s. After being abandoned by their mother and raised by elderly relatives the sisters are looked after by their eccentric aunt whose unconventional and unpredictable ways affect their lives.
 Umrao Jaan (Urdu: امراؤ جان Hindi: उमराव जान) is a Bollywood film about the famous courtesan of the title. Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai stars in the lead roles. The film is directed by J. P. Dutta and also stars Shabana Azmi Sunil Shetty Divya Dutta Himani Shivpuri and Kulbhushan Kharbanda.
 The Guard (Russian: Караул translit. Karaul) is a 1990 Soviet drama film by the Lenfilm directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Alfred Bauer Prize. The film is shot entirely in sepia.
 Rhinegold (German: Rheingold) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Niklaus Schilling. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Damaged Lives (1933) is a Canadian / American exploitation film produced by Columbia Pictures and directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. The film is based on an original script about a couple that contracts a venereal disease.The film is also known as The Shocking Truth (American reissue title). IMDB says this was filmed at General Service Studios. The final The End title on the Internet Archive print says it was an Educational Film Exchanges Inc. release.
 The Princess Blade (Shura Yukihime) is a 2001 Japanese action film directed by Shinsuke Sato. It is a reimagining of the manga Lady Snowblood by Kazuo Koike and Kazuo Kamimura.
 A Southern Maid is a 1933 British musical film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Bebe Daniels Clifford Mollison and Hal Gordon. It is based on the operetta A Southern Maid by Harold Fraser-Simson. A young Spanish woman marries a lowly Englishman rather than the aristocrat her father had intended much to his displeasure. It was part of the cycle of operetta films popular in Britain in the mid-1930s.
 Yarınsız Adam is a Turkish political film by Remzi Aydın Jöntürk the first in his trilogy. It was succeeded by Satılmış Adam (Sold Man) and Yıkılmayan Adam (Indestructible Man) both filmed in 1977. The film is about the story of Murat portrayed by Cüneyt Arkın. Murat helps his friend Kemal when they are escaping from the police because they steal to survive. This help costs Murat badly and he is sent to prison.
 Above the Mountains or Boven de Bergen is a 1992 Dutch film directed by Digna Sinke.
 Magic Cop also informally known as Mr. Vampire 5 is a 1990 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by and starring Lam Ching-ying.
 The Swarm is a 1978 monster horror film about a killer bee invasion of Texas. It was adapted from a novel of the same name by Arthur Herzog.The director was Irwin Allen and the cast included Michael Caine Katharine Ross Richard Widmark Richard Chamberlain Olivia de Havilland Ben Johnson Lee Grant Patty Duke Slim Pickens Bradford Dillman Fred MacMurray (in his final film appearance) and Henry Fonda.
 The Astronaut is a 1972 science fiction film starring Jackie Cooper and Monte Markham. This made-for-television film follows a man who has been hired to impersonate an astronaut who died during the first manned mission to Mars. Following the failure of the mission NASA (who fear their project will be cancelled) fools the public by faking the landing on Mars. Only the wife of the man used by NASA in this scheme suspects the man claiming to be her husband just might not be.
 The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea is a 1976 film starring Kris Kristofferson and Sarah Miles directed by Lewis John Carlino. It was adapted from the 1963 novel The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea by the Japanese writer Yukio Mishima. The location was changed to the English town of Dartmouth Devon where it was also filmed.On June 19 2012 Shout! Factory released the film in Blu-ray for the first time.
 Dhurga is a 2002 Hindi film directed by J. D. Chakravarthy with Priyanka Upendra and Sayaji Shinde in prominent roles. The film is a remake of the Telugu film Soori.
 Centigrade (2007) is a contemporary thriller short film starring Colin Cunningham Daniel Brodsky and Bernhard Lachkovics about a man trapped in a trailer. It won Leo Awards and awards at Method Fest Independent Film Festival and Cinequest Film Festival. The producers are working to turn the short into a feature film.
 Attakathi (Tamil: அட்டகத்தி ; English: Card Board Knife ) is a 2012 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Pa. Ranjith a former assistant of Venkat Prabhu. Produced by Thirukumaran Entertainment and distributed by Studio Green it stars Dinesh Nandita and Aishwarya. The film garnered attention after being praised and promoted by several acclaimed directors. It released on 15 August 2012 on the Independence Day of India.
 Elf is a 2003 American Christmas comedy film directed by Jon Favreau and written by David Berenbaum. It stars Will Ferrell James Caan Bob Newhart Ed Asner and Zooey Deschanel. It was released in the United States on November 7 2003 and grossed $225443451 worldwide. The story is about one of Santa's elves who learns of his true identity as a human and goes to New York City to meet his biological father spreading Christmas cheer in a world of cynics as he goes.
 Evelyn Prentice is a 1934 film starring William Powell and Myrna Loy. and featuring Una Merkel and Rosalind Russell in her film debut. The movie was based on the 1933 novel of the same name by W. E. Woodward.The neglected wife of an attorney begins a flirtation with another man who turns out to be a gigolo. After it appears that she shot him when he attempted to blackmail her another woman is charged with the crime.
 Howling II: Your Sister Is a Werewolf (original title: Howling II: Stirba – Werewolf Bitch) is a 1985 horror film directed by Philippe Mora as a sequel to the 1981 film The Howling. Although Gary Brandner author of The Howling novels co-wrote the screenplay the Howling II film is largely unrelated to his Howling II novel from 1979 though it does introduce Eastern European customs and Romani into its werewolf mythology like the book.
 Christmas in the Clouds is a 2001 comedy film about a ski resort owned and operated by a Native American tribe. Featured at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival the film went on to receive Best Competition Feature Film at the Austin Film Festival and Best Native American-Theme Film at the Santa Fe Film Festival. The film was released in theaters and on DVD in 2005.
 McDull: The Pork of Music is a 2012 Hong Kong animated comedy film written and directed by Brian Tse and featuring the voices of Anthony Wong Sandra Ng The Pancakes Ronald Cheng and Michael Zhang. It was officially released in cinemas on July 10 2012 in China.
 Nightmare in Blood is a 1978 American comedy horror film directed by John Stanley.
 Soldier of Orange (Dutch: Soldaat van Oranje [sɔlˈdaːt fɑn oˈrɑɲə]) is a 1977 Dutch film directed by Paul Verhoeven and produced by Rob Houwer starring Rutger Hauer and Jeroen Krabbé. The film is set around the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II and shows how individual students have different roles in the war.
 The Killer is a 2006 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Hasnain Hyderabadwala and Raksha Mistry and starring Emraan Hashmi Irrfan Khan and Nisha Kothari in lead roles. The story is based on an Indian taxi driver in Dubai who seats a hitman in his taxi unknowingly and now he must face the consequences by doing everything The Killer tells him to do may it be a ride or a murder. The film released on 21 July 2006 and managed to do moderately well at the box office.
 No Good Deed is an upcoming American crime thriller film directed by Sam Miller and written by Aimee Lagos. The film stars Idris Elba Taraji P. Henson Kate del Castillo Mark Smith Henry Simmons Wilbur Fitzgerald and Frank Brennan. The film is set to be released on September 12 2014.
 The Vision is a British television movie which had its first showing on 9 January 1988 on BBC1. The film was written by William Nicholson and directed by Norman Stone. It starred Dirk Bogarde and Helena Bonham Carter. It was episode 1 of the fourth series of Screen Two.Filming locations included The Exchange Mount Stuart Square Cardiff South Glamorgan Wales United Kingdom. The film was the main feature on the front cover of the Radio Times when it was first shown.
 Reeker is a 2005 American horror film written and directed by Dave Payne. It spawned a prequel No Man's Land: The Rise of Reeker.
 Popcorn is a 2007 British teen comedy film written and directed by Darren Fisher. It was filmed in 2005 at one of London's largest multiplex cinemas (Odeon Greenwich).
 American Dragons (also known as Double Edge) is a 1998 action adventure film starring Michael Biehn Park Joong-hoon Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa Don Stark and Byron Mann. It was directed by Ralph Hemecker written by Erik Saltzgaber and Keith W. Strandberg and produced by Brad Krevoy.Detective Tony Luca (Michael Biehn) is sent on a homicide investigation of a Yakuza leader after a bungled undercover sting to capture notorious gangster Rocco (Don Stark).
 Once Upon A Time In Kolkata is a 2014 Bengali thriller film directed by Satarupa Sanyal. The film features Ritabhari Chakraborty in the lead role.
 Don't Torture a Duckling (Italian: Non si sevizia un paperino) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Lucio Fulci. It is significant within Fulci's filmography as it is one of the first in which he began using violent gore effects something he would continue to do in his later films most notably Zombi 2 The Beyond and City of the Living Dead. The soundtrack was composed by Riz Ortolani and features vocals by Ornella Vanoni.
 Infernal Affairs II is a 2003 Hong Kong crime-thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.It is a prequel to the 2002 film Infernal Affairs. Anthony Wong Eric Tsang Edison Chen Shawn Yue and Chapman To reprise their roles from the original film alongside new cast members Carina Lau Francis Ng Roy Cheung and Hu Jun.
 John A.: Birth of a Country is a Canadian television film which aired on CBC Television in 2011.Dramatizing the events that led up to Canadian Confederation in 1867 based on Richard Gwyn's non-fiction book John A.: The Man Who Made Us the film stars Shawn Doyle as Sir John A. Macdonald the first Prime Minister of Canada.
 Pleasure Pill is a short film made in Cardiff Wales as part of the Screen Gems scheme run by Sgrin Media Agency HTV and the UK Film Council in 2002.The 3-minute short film is the story of Kath a bored middle-aged housewife who is given a new medication with unusual side-effects - it causes spontaneous sexual arousal at the most embarrassing moments.The film stars Sharon Morgan and Duncan Betts.
 Alien Trespass is a 2009 science-fiction comedy film based on 1950s sci-fi B movies directed by R.W. Goodwin. It stars Eric McCormack and Robert Patrick. The film was shot in Ashcroft B.C.
 Dick Tracy (also known as Dick Tracy Detective) is a 1945 American pulp action film based on the Dick Tracy comic strip created by Chester Gould. The film is the first installment of the Dick Tracy film series released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Summertime (released in the UK as Summer Madness) is a 1955 American/British Technicolor romance film directed by David Lean. The screenplay by Lean and H. E. Bates is based on the play The Time of the Cuckoo by Arthur Laurents.
 Moner Majhe Tumi also (Bengali: মনের মাঝে তুমি) is a Bangladesh & India Joint Venture Bengali language movie.The movie is a remake of the Telugu movie Manasantha Nuvve.The movie was top grossing in Bangladesh for (2003).
 The Night of Queen Isabeau (German: Die Nacht der Königin Isabeau) is a 1920 German silent historical drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Fern Andra Fritz Kortner Hans Heinrich von Twardowski and Elsa Wagner. The film depicts the marriage between the mad Charles VI of France and his wife Queen Isabeau. The film is now considered a lost film but contemporary reviews praised Wiene's direction. The story revolves around insanity a common theme in his films.
 The Story of Stuff is a short polemical animated documentary about the lifecycle of material goods. The documentary is critical of excessive consumerism and promotes sustainability.Filmmaker Annie Leonard wrote and narrated the film which was funded by Tides Foundation Funders Workgroup for Sustainable Production and Consumption Free Range Studios and other foundations.
 A Cock and Bull Story (marketed in Australia New Zealand and the United States as Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story) is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Michael Winterbottom. It is a film-within-a-film featuring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon playing themselves as egotistical actors during the making of a screen adaptation of Laurence Sterne's 18th century metafictional novel Tristram Shandy.
 Law and Disorder in Lagos is a British documentary that was televised on 10 October 2010 by Louis Theroux. The documentary follows Louis Theroux through Lagos Nigeria as he follows the KAI (Kick Against Indiscipline) task force and union leader MC as well as other gang members.
 Pancharangi (Kannada: ಪಂಚರಂಗಿ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film with philosophical overtones directed and produced by Yograj Bhat starring Diganth and Nidhi Subbaiah in the lead roles. The music has been composed by Mano Murthy story and screenplay is written by Pawan Kumar.
 Faceless is a 1988 French slasher film directed by Jesús Franco. The film is about Dr. Flamand (Helmut Berger) and his assistant Nathalie (Brigitte Lahaie) who lure unsuspecting victims to use their skin to perform plastic surgery on the doctor's disfigured sister - a plot reminiscent of Franco's first film Gritos en la noche (1961).
 Beast Cops (Chinese: 野獸刑警) is a 1998 Hong Kong action film written produced and directed by Gordon Chan and also directed by Dante Lam. The film stars Anthony Wong and Michael Wong. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 9 April 1998.
 Gods of Metal is a 1982 American short documentary film produced by Robert Richter. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Brothers Under the Chin is a 1924 silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 The Contract is a 2006 film directed by Bruce Beresford and written by television writer Stephen Katz and John Darrouzet. A cat-and-mouse thriller The Contract stars Oscar-winner Morgan Freeman as assassin Frank Carden and John Cusack as teacher Ray Keene. Released directly to video in the United States and most of Europe The Contract received little critical notice despite its high-profile cast.
 Les Deux orphelines is a 1965 Italian film directed by Riccardo Freda.
 Ohan (おはん) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Kon Ichikawa. It is based upon a same titled novel by Chiyo Uno.
 Chapter Two is a 1979 romantic comedy drama film directed by Robert Moore and produced by Ray Stark. It is based on Neil Simon's 1977 Broadway play of the same name.
 Mi preferida (My Favourite) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 A Thousand Little Kisses (Hebrew: אלף נשיקות קטנות‎ translit. Elef Nishikot K'tanot) is a 1981 Israeli drama film written and directed by Mira Recanati. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 Zwischen Himmel und Erde is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Alraune (1930) is a German science fiction horror film directed by Richard Oswald. Like the 1928 version this movie again features Brigitte Helm in the role of Alraune. This version aimed for greater realism but is still based upon the original German myth.The film was produced by Richard-Oswald-Produktion and distributed by Universum Film AG (UFA) in Germany and UFA Film Company in the United States with English subtitles. The art direction was by Otto Erdmann and Hans Sohnle.
 Antonieta is a 1982 film by Spanish director Carlos Saura starring Isabelle Adjani and Hanna Schygulla. The film a Mexican-Spanish French co production was based on a novel by Andrés Henestrosa. The plot centers on the life of Antonieta Rivas Mercado a Mexican writer who killed herself inside Paris' Notre Dame in 1931.
 Pocholo Pichuca y yo is a 1951 Argentine film.
 The Dog Who Loved Trains (Serbo-Croatian: ''Pas koji je voleo vozove'') is a 1977 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljević.The film was nominated for the Golden Bear award at the 28th Berlin International Film Festival in 1978.
 Black Girl is a 1966 film by the Senegalese writer and director Ousmane Sembène starring Mbissine Thérèse Diop. Its original French title is La Noire de... which means The black girl of... as in someone's black girl. The film centers on a young Senegalese woman who moves from Senegal to France to work for a rich French couple. It was the director's first feature-length film.
 Big Bad Mama is a 1974 American film produced by Roger Corman starring Angie Dickinson William Shatner and Tom Skerritt. It was followed by a sequel Big Bad Mama II in 1987.
 Paithrukam is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Jayaraaj and starring Suresh Gopi Narendra Prasad and Jayaram in lead roles. Scripted by Kaloor Dennis this film revolves around a traditional Brahmin family and the fight between their beliefs and atheism.
 Anita Takes a Chance (Spanish: Anita no pierde el tren Catalan: Anita no perd el tren) is a 2001 film directed by Ventura Pons.
 Hoodlum & Son is a 2003 comedy-crime film.
 Todo modo is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri. It is based on a novel of the same name by Leonardo Sciascia.
 Heintje: A Heart Goes on a Journey (German:Heintje - Ein Herz geht auf Reisen) is a 1969 West German musical film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Heintje Simons Heinz Reincke and Gerlinde Locker.
 Step into Liquid (2003) is a documentary about surfing directed by Dana Brown son of famed surfer and filmmaker Bruce Brown. The film includes surfing footage from the famous Pipeline the beaches of Vietnam and some of the world's largest waves at Cortes Bank. This film was Dana Brown's first solo project.
 Pak Daman is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 The Ghost Train is a 1941 English mystery thriller film directed by Walter Forde based on the 1923 play of the same name written by Arnold Ridley.
 Squareheads of the Round Table is the 106th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 A Fair to Remember is a documentary film about the State Fair of Texas that debuted in February 2007 at the Hall of State on the grounds of Fair Park in Dallas Texas.
 In the King of Prussia is a 1983 film directed and written by Emile de Antonio. The film reconstructs the events of the 1980s Plowshares Eight. The group of anti-war activists were charged with the September 1980 destruction of nose cones designed for nuclear warheads at the Re-Entry Division of the General Electric Space Technology Center in King of Prussia Pennsylvania.
 The Wall (German: Die Wand) is a 2012 Austrian-German drama film written and directed by Julian Pölsler and starring Martina Gedeck. Based on the 1963 novel Die Wand by Austrian writer Marlen Haushofer and adapted for the screen by Julian Pölsler the film is about a woman who visits with friends at their hunting lodge in the Austrian Alps.
 Bees Saal Baad is a 1988 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajkumar Kohli starring Mithun Chakraborty Dimple Kapadia Meenakshi Sheshadri Vinod Mehra Amjad Khan Shakti Kapoor Anupam Kher and Om Prakash.
 The Venus Model is a 1918 silent romantic comedy starring Mabel Normand and directed by Clarence G. Badger. The film was made at the beginning of the 20th century when Goldwyn Pictures and many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey.
 Pups is a 1999 American independent crime drama written and directed by Ash. The film stars Mischa Barton Burt Reynolds and Cameron Van Hoy. The film centres on two young adolescents that embark on a bank robbery on their way to school. The film premiered at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival on 18 April 1999.
 The Big House is a 2000 award-winning short drama film written and directed by Rachel Ward. Set in a prison it stars Tony Martin and Gary Sweet. It was shown at the 2001 Reel Affirmations International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival.
 Girl 6 is a 1996 American film by director Spike Lee about a phone sex operator. Theresa Randle played the title character and playwright Suzan-Lori Parks wrote the screenplay. The soundtrack is composed entirely of songs written by Prince. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. Directors Quentin Tarantino and Ron Silver make cameo appearances as film directors at a pair of interesting auditions.
 The Fall of Rock and Roll (Serbo-Croatian: 'Kako je propao rokenrol Како је пропао рокенрол') is a 1989 Yugoslavian omnibus comedy film. It comprises three story segments written and directed by three different screenwriters and directors. The score was also a joint effort with lead musicians from rock bands Idoli Električni Orgazam and Disciplina Kičme each composing the music for one segment.
 Każdemu wolno kochać (Anybody Can Love) is a 1933 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Mieczysław Krawicz and produced by the Rex-Film studio.
 Sektou is a 2008 Algerian film.
 The Red Ace is a 1917 American adventure film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard. An incomplete print which is missing four chapters survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Jonah Who Lived in the Whale (Italian: Jona che visse nella balena released in the United States as Look to the Sky) is a 1993 Italian-French drama film directed by Roberto Faenza. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Prix of Ecumenical Jury.
 Jotil Prem also (Bengali: জটিল প্রেম) is a 2013 Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Shahin-Shomon. it's a Fully love story comedy based film. Stars Bappy Chowdhury Achol Ilias Kanchan Champa and many more. Jotil Prem is 3rd film of Bappy Chowdhury and Achol.
 The Abominable Dr. Phibes is a 1971 British horror film starring Vincent Price and Joseph Cotten. Its art deco sets dark humour and performance by Price have made the film and its sequel Dr. Phibes Rises Again cult classics. Dr. Phibes is inspired in his murderous spree by the Ten plagues of Egypt from the Old Testament.
 The Iron Petticoat is a 1956 British Cold War comedy film starring Bob Hope and Katharine Hepburn and directed by Ralph Thomas. The screenplay by Ben Hecht became the focus of the contentious history behind the production and led to the film's eventual suppression by Hope. Hepburn plays a Soviet military pilot who lands in West Germany and after sampling life in the West in the company of Major Chuck Lockwood (Hope) is converted to capitalism .
 Thee (English: Fire) is a 1981 Tamil film directed R. Krishnamurthy. Rajinikanth plays the lead role and Suman plays the role of his brother. It is a remake of the classic Hindi film Deewar starring Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor and directed by Yash Chopra.
 Ulta Seedha is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Subodh Mukherji. It stars Raj Babbar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 Zoo zéro is a 1979 French film directed by Alain Fleischer and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Crazy Eights is a 2006 B-grade horror film that follows the story of six companions as they fill the last request of a dead friend. The film is distributed by the After Dark Horrorfest which annually releases an eight-part movie collection that typically is likened towards the movie genres of horror and thriller Crazy Eights being part of the 2007 series released by the movie collection.
 16 to Life is a comedy film directed by Becky Smith and stars Hallee Hirsh as Kate a bookish teen about to turn 16 who plays match-maker for her friends. Co-stars include: Shiloh Fernandez Mandy Musgrave Theresa Russell Carson Kressley and Nicholas Downs. The film was originally titled “Duck Farm No. 13” but was changed to appeal to younger audiences; it was filmed primarily in McGregor Iowa and premiered August 29 2009 at the Landlocked Film Festival.
 Compelled is a 1960 British film.
 101 Reykjavík (About this sound pronunciation ) is a 1996 novel by Hallgrímur Helgason which found international fame in 2000 when made into a film. Both are set in Reykjavík Iceland. The film was directed by Baltasar Kormákur and stars Victoria Abril and Hilmir Snær Guðnason. The title is taken from the postal code for down-town Reykjavík the old city.
 The Castle is a 1997 Australian comedy film directed by Rob Sitch. It starred Michael Caton Anne Tenney Tiriel Mora Stephen Curry Sophie Lee Eric Bana (in his first film) and Charles 'Bud' Tingwell. The screenwriting team comprised Sitch Santo Cilauro Tom Gleisner and Jane Kennedy of Working Dog Productions.The Castle was filmed in 11 days on a budget of approximately A$750000. The film gained widespread acclaim in Australia and New Zealand but was not widely distributed globally.
 Swordsman of Siena (Italian: La congiura dei dieci) is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Baccio Bandini and starring Stewart Granger Sylva Koscina and Christine Kaufmann. The film is set in Spanish-controlled Italy during the sixteenth century.
 The Intruder is an Australian film produced by Frank Howson. The movie had to be abandoned during filming in 1991 due to the financial troubles of Boulevard Films. However the film was completed and released on DVD in 2005.It was also known as Deliver Us from Evil.
 Santosham (English translation: Happiness) is a Telugu romantic comedy film which was written and directed by debutant Dasharath. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna and Shriya Saran making her second release in Telugu after Ishtam in lead with Gracy Singh making her debut in Telugu cinema industry after her lead role in Hindi film Lagaan while Prabhu Deva making his comeback to Telugu cinema after a long gap in an extended cameo appearance.
 The Manster (双頭の殺人鬼 Sôtô no Satsujinki) is a tokusatsu 1959 horror film a co-production between the US and Japan starring Peter Dyneley. The film was notable for its creative use of special effects. The film is also known as The Split in the United Kingdom Doktor Satan in Greece and The Two-Headed Monster.
 Christmas in Paradise is a 2007 Lifetime television Christmas movie which originally aired on December 15 2007. Starring Charlotte Ross Colin Ferguson Devon Werkheiser Josie Loren Kenton Duty and Aria Wallace the film tells the story of two families who find companionship during a Caribbean Christmas holiday only to have their idyllic vacation disrupted by an unexpected visitor from the past.
 I'll Be Home for Christmas is a 1988 Christmas-themed television film directed and produced by Marvin J. Chomsky. The film which stars Hal Holbrook and Eva Marie Saint deals with the lives and relationships of a Massachusetts family during the final Christmas of World War II.
 The Last of the Mohicans (Romanian: Ultimul mohican) is a 1968 Romanian Western film co-directed by Jean Dréville Pierre Gaspard-Huit and Sergiu Nicolaescu.
 Two on a Guillotine is a 1965 American horror/thriller film produced and directed by William Conrad. The screenplay by John Kneubuhl and Henry Slesar is based on a story by Slesar.
 Kène ya ma kène... is a 2010 Tunisian documentary film.
 Yeh Dooriyan is a 2011 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Deepshikha starring Deepshikha Kaishav Arora Inder Kumar Kunicka Lal Ayub Khan in the lead roles.
 The Legend of Mor'du is a Pixar short attached to the Blu-ray and DVD release of Brave. It gives in-depth background about the film's villain an evil greedy prince as told by the eccentric witch who transformed him into the bear he is in the film. The film combines traditional animation and computer animation.
 Star Trek: Insurrection is a 1998 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the ninth film in the Star Trek film franchise and the second film to exclusively feature the cast of the Star Trek: The Next Generation television series. In addition to that cast F. Murray Abraham Donna Murphy and Anthony Zerbe also appeared in main roles.
 Cold Comfort Farm is a 1995 British comedy film directed by John Schlesinger and produced by the BBC and Thames Television an adaptation of Stella Gibbons' 1932 book of the same name the film stars Kate Beckinsale Joanna Lumley Ian McKellen and Rufus Sewell. Originally broadcast on 1 January 1995 on the BBC it was Schlesinger's final film shot in his home country of Britain and was picked up for theatrical release in North America through Gramercy Pictures where it was a small success.
 All Monsters Attack released in Japan as Godzilla Minilla Gabara: All Kaijū Daishingeki (ゴジラ・ミニラ・ガバラ オール怪獣大進撃 lit. Godzilla Minilla and Gabara: All Monsters Attack') is a 1969 Japanese Kaiju film produced by Toho. Directed by Ishirō Honda the film starred Tomonori Yazaki Eisei Amamoto and Kenji Sahara. The 10th film in the Godzilla series this was also the first film specifically geared towards children.
 Chasing Girls is a 1981 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Karl Maka and starring Dean Shek Flora Cheong-Leen Nancy Lau and Eric Tsang. This is the second film produced by Cinema City a film company established by the film's star Dean Shek producer/director Karl Maka and screenwriter Raymond Wong.
 Blanche Neige is a 2009 French film directed by Angelin Preljocaj.
 McConkey is a 2013 documentary film about extreme skier Shane McConkey. The film follows Shane from growing up as the son of skier Jim McConkey to his days as a professional freeskier. The film also focuses on Shane's 2009 death during a ski base jump and his continued influence over the sport of skiing. The film features interviews from notable athletes and friends of Shane such as JT Holmes Tony Hawk and Travis Pastrana.
 Candide ou l'Optimisme du XXe siècle (English: Candide or the Optimist of the Twentieth Century) is a 1960 French comedy drama film directed by Norbert Carbonnaux and written by Carbonnaux and Albert Simonin. It stars Jean-Pierre Cassel as Candide Pierre Brasseur as Pangloss Louis de Funès as the officer of the Gestapo and Daliah Lavi as Cunégonde. The film was released under the titles Candide (alternative French title; USA) Candide oder der Optimismus im 20.
 Billy Rose's Jumbo (1962) is an American musical film produced by MGM in Panavision and Metrocolor and starring Jimmy Durante Doris Day Martha Raye and Stephen Boyd. The film was directed by Charles Walters and featured Busby Berkeley's choreography.
 Loving Glances (Sjaj u očima) is a 2003 Serbian language romantic comedy directed by Srđan Karanović.In was nominated for a Golden Lion at the 2003 Venice Film Festival.
 The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (French: Le scaphandre et le papillon) is a 2007 biographical drama film based on Jean-Dominique Bauby's memoir of the same name. The film depicts Bauby's life after suffering a massive stroke on 8 December 1995 at the age of 43 which left him with a condition known as locked-in syndrome. The condition paralyzed him from the neck down.
 Bordello of Blood (also known as Tales from the Crypt Presents: Bordello of Blood) is a 1996 comedy/horror film starring Dennis Miller Erika Eleniak Angie Everhart Corey Feldman and Chris Sarandon. It is based on the HBO television series Tales from the Crypt. It received an R rating for vampire violence gore language and nudity. Dennis Miller plays a private investigator who ends up in a bordello run by vampires led by the Mother of all Vampires Lilith (Everhart).
 How to Find the Ideal (Ukrainian: Как найти идеал Kak nayti ideal) is a 2007 Ukrainian comedy directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Armen Grigoryan.
 And Then There was One is a 1994 television film starring Amy Madigan Dennis Boutsikaris and Jane Daly. It was directed by David Jones. The film first aired on the Lifetime Television network on March 9 1994.
 Alvin Purple is an 1973 Australian comedy film starring Graeme Blundell written by Alan Hopgood and directed by Tim Burstall.It received largely negative reviews from local film critics. Despite this it was a major hit with Australian audiences.
 The Unborn is a 1991 horror film. Produced by Roger Corman and directed by Rodman Flender and is about a couple who cannot have children so they try in-vitro fertilization but then strange things start happening to the mother while pregnant with the child.
 Mr. India is a 1987 Indian Hindi fantasy superhero film directed by Shekhar Kapur. It stars Sridevi Anil Kapoor and Amrish Puri in lead rolesThe film was the second biggest hit of 1987 and remains a cult classic in India. The film was known for several of its lines and songs including Sridevi's Miss Hawa Hawaii performance and Amrish Puri's quote Mogambo khush hua (Mogambo is pleased) which is one of the most famous quotes of Bollywood and has become synonymous with Puri.
 The Jungle Book 2 is a 2003 American-Australian animated musical film produced by DisneyToon Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution. The theatrical version of the film was released in France on February 5 2003 and released in the United States on February 14 2003.
 Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story is a 1995 American television film that aired on NBC.
 When Spring Makes a Mistake or Cuando la primavera se equivoca is a 1944 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.
 The Toast of Death is a 1915 silent era drama/romance motion picture released by Mutual Film Corporation starring Louise Glaum Harry Keenan and Herschel Mayall.Directed by Thomas H. Ince and produced by the New York Motion Picture Company the screenplay was written by C.
 Terminal Error is a 2002 sci-fi thriller starring Michael Nouri Marina Sirtis Matthew Ewald and Timothy Busfield.
 Three Songs About Lenin (1934) is a documentary silent film by Russian filmmaker Dziga Vertov. It is based on three admiring songs sung by anonymous people in Soviet Russia about Vladimir Ilyich Lenin. It is made up of 3 episodes and is 57 minutes long.In 1969 it was re-edited by Elizaveta Svilova Ilya Kopalin and Serafima Pumpyanskaya as part of the 1970 Lenin centenary.
 Historia de una noche is a 1941 Argentine film directed by Luis Saslavsky.
 Cleanskin is a 2012 British spy thriller film written and directed by Hadi Hajaig and starring Sean Bean Abhin Galeya Charlotte Rampling James Fox Tuppence Middleton Shivani Ghai and Michelle Ryan. The story is set in London.
 George of the Jungle is a 1997 American live-action film adaptation of the cartoon of the same name. The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures with Mandeville Films and originally released to movie theatres on July 16 1997.
 Phijigee Mani (English: The Only Jewel; also written as Phijigi Mani) is a 2011 Manipuri drama film directed by Oinam Gautam Singh co-written and produced by Takhelchangbam Ongbi and Medha Sharmi and starring an ensemble cast including Gurumayum Bonny Sharma Elangbam Abenao and Leishangthem Tonthoingambi Devi.
 Mauvais Sang (French pronunciation: ​[movɛ sɑ̃] Bad Blood) also known as The Night is Young is Leos Carax's second film. Released in 1986 the film played at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival before being nominated for 3 César Awards and winning Prix Louis Delluc. The film had 504803 admissions in France. The title refers to the eponymous poem by Arthur Rimbaud in A Season in Hell.
 Journey Through the Past is a 1972 film by Neil Young. Originally shot in 16mm format and then transferred for theatrical release the experimental film is a self-directed combination of concert footage from 1966 onward backstage footage and semi-fantastic art film-like sequences. Young's directorial debut it was received poorly by critics. The film was released on DVD in 2009 with the Neil Young Archives.
 Tiburoneros is a 1963 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.
 The Idol of Paris was a 1948 film based on the novel Paiva Queen of Love by Alfred Schirokauer about a mid-19th century French courtesan Theresa who sleeps her way from poverty to the top of Second Empire society. It was an attempt by its makers to imitate the success of the Gainsborough melodramas.
 Go Trabi Go is a 1991 German comedy and road movie directed by Peter Timm. It was the first major box office hit about events concerning the newly reunified Germany. Unlike other films in this period that focused on the problems following reunification Go Trabi Go sees the main characters former citizens of East Germany explore places in Europe outside the Eastern Bloc that they were not allowed to visit during the Communist era.
 A Good Thing Going is a 1978 Australian television film directed by Arch Nicholson. It stars John Hargreaves and won four Logie Awards.
 Ghost Voyage is a 2008 horror television film produced for broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States. Its cast includes Antonio Sabato Jr. Deanna Russo P.J. Marino and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa. The story contains many elements of an updated Outward Bound and Between Two Worlds.
 El toro negro (The Black Bull) is a 1959 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Sex Quartet (Italian: Le fate) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli Mauro Bolognini Antonio Pietrangeli and Luciano Salce. It starred Claudia Cardinale.
 The Sisters is a 1914 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne.
 Punjabi House (Malayalam: പഞ്ചാബി ഹൌസ്) is a 1998 Malayalam comedy musical film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin starring Dileep Mohini Lal Cochin Hanifa Harisree Asokan Neena Kurup and Janardanan. The music was composed by Suresh Peters making his debut as a film composer.
 A.R.O.G: A Prehistoric Film (Turkish: A.R.O.G: Bir Yontma Taş Filmi) is a 2008 Turkish science-fiction comedy film directed by Cem Yılmaz and Ali Taner Baltacı about a used carpet salesman who is sent back in time by an old interplanetary adversary out for revenge. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 5 2008 (2008-12-05) was the highest grossing Turkish films of 2008 and is one of the most expensive Turkish films ever made. It is a sequel to G.O.R.A.
 Resurrection is a 1999 horror film film directed by Russell Mulcahy.
 State Secret (Italian: Segreto di stato) is a 1995 Italian thriller film directed by Giuseppe Ferrara. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Peter Pan was a 1976 musical adaptation of J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan or the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up produced for television as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame starring Mia Farrow as Peter Pan and Danny Kaye as Captain Hook and with Sir John Gielgud narrating. Julie Andrews sang one of the songs Once Upon a Bedtime off-camera over the opening credits. It aired on NBC at 7:30pm on Sunday December 12 1976 capping off the program's 25th year on the air.
 The Liars (French: Les menteurs) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Élie Chouraqui. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Le Petit Prince a Dit is 1992 French-Swiss drama film written and directed by Christine Pascal. The film follows an estranged Swiss couple who re-evaluate their relationship with the discovery of their daughter's terminal illness. It premiered on 3 September 1992 at the Montreal Film Festival.
 9 millimeter is a Swedish crime/drama film premiered in 1997.
 Occasional Coarse Language is a 1998 Australian romantic comedy film about a young woman who loses her boyfriend and job in the same day and tries to get her life back on track.
 The Expendables is an American series of ensemble action films written by and starring Sylvester Stallone and originally created by David Callaham. The film series itself was created to pay homage to the blockbuster action films of the 1980s and 90's and also pays gratitude to the action stars of those decades as well as more recent stars in action. The series consists of three films: The Expendables (2010) The Expendables 2 (2012) and the upcoming third film The Expendables 3 (2014).
 Pirates (Hangul: 해적; RR: Haejuk) is an upcoming South Korean period adventure film starring Kim Nam-gil and Son Ye-jin.
 Crackerjack is a 1938 British comedy crime film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Tom Walls Lilli Palmer and Noel Madison. It was made at Pinewood Studios with sets designed by Walter Murton.
 Mr. Holland's Opus is a 1995 American drama film directed by Stephen Herek produced by Ted Field Robert W. Cort and Michael Nolin and written by Patrick Sheane Duncan. It stars Richard Dreyfuss in the title role and the cast includes Glenne Headly Olympia Dukakis William H. Macy and Jay Thomas.Mr. Holland's Opus is presented as a biography of the 30-year career of the eponymous lead character Glenn Holland a music teacher at the fictional John F.
 Oliver Twist is a 1922 silent film adaptation of Charles Dickens' Oliver Twist featuring Lon Chaney as Fagin and Jackie Coogan as Oliver. Directed by Frank Lloyd.
 De vrais mensonges is a French comedy-romance film starring Audrey Tautou and directed by Pierre Salvadori released in 2010. The screenplay was written by Salvadori and Benoît Graffin.It was distributed in English-speaking countries under the titles Beautiful Lies and Full Treatment.
 Universal Signs is a modern American Sign Language (ASL) film from 2008.
 The Attic: The Hiding of Anne Frank is a 1988 TV film directed by John Erman based on Miep Gies' book Anne Frank Remembered.
 Contragolpe is a 1979 Argentine drama film directed by Alejandro Doria.
 Victory is a 1928 British silent war film directed by M.A. Wetherell and starring Moore Marriott Walter Byron and Julie Suedo. It began filming in October 1927 and was released in March the following year. It was made at Isleworth Studios.
 Time Bombs is a Canadian film produced by Productions de la ruelle.
 Devadasu is a 1953 Telugu romance film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay's Devdas. Samudrala Raghavacharya wrote the dialogue and screen adaptation. The film was also dubbed into Tamil the same year.The blockbuster film's soundtrack was composed by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao and C. R. Subburaman. The film is listed among CNN-IBN's list of hundred greatest Indian films of all time.
 Westward Ho the Wagons! is a 1956 live-action Disney western film aimed at family audiences. Based on Mary Jane Carr's novel Children of the Covered Wagon the film was produced by Bill Walsh directed by William Beaudine and released to theatres on December 20 1956 by Buena Vista Distribution Company.Fess Parker starred in the film which also featured the final big-screen appearance of George Reeves. It was released on videotape March 18 1997.
 Il n'y a pas de fumée sans feu (English: There's no smoke without fire) is a 1973 French-Italian thriller film directed by André Cayatte. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Special Jury Prize.
 If a Thousand Clarinets (Czech: Kdyby tisíc klarinetů) is a 1965 Czechoslovak film directed by Ján Roháč and Vladimír Svitáček.
 Bordertown is a 2006 American drama motion picture written and directed by Gregory Nava and executive produced by David Bergstein Cary Epstein Barbara Martinez-Jitner and Tracee Stanley-Newell. The film features Jennifer Lopez Antonio Banderas Martin Sheen among others.The film is inspired by the true story of the numerous female homicides in Ciudad Juárez and tells the story of an inquisitive American reporter sent in by her American newspaper to investigate the murders.
 Alpha and Omega is a 2010 3D American-Canadian computer-animated comedy-drama film produced by Crest Animation Productions. The film is directed by Anthony Bell and Ben Gluck starring the voices of Justin Long Hayden Panettiere Dennis Hopper Danny Glover and Christina Ricci. It is based on a story by Steve Moore and Ben Gluck.The film was released in 3-D (and also in 2-D) on September 17 2010 to 2625 theaters nationwide by Lionsgate.
 It Should Happen to You (1954) is a romantic comedy film starring Judy Holliday and notable as the first major screen appearance of Jack Lemmon who was then an aspiring young actor. The film was directed by George Cukor and filmed on location in New York City. Screenwriter Garson Kanin originally intended the script as a vehicle for Danny Kaye but Kanin's wife Ruth Gordon suggested casting Judy Holliday instead.
 Shore Leave is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by John S. Robertson and starring Richard Barthelmess and Dorothy Mackaill. It was produced by Barthelmess's production company Inspiration and released by First National Pictures. A print of the film surivies.Shore Leave is based on the stage play of the same name written by Hubert Osborne. The play ran on Broadway at the Lyceum Theatre from August 8 to December 1922 for a total of 151 performances.
 Sabotage also released as The Woman Alone is a 1936 British thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It is based on Joseph Conrad's novel The Secret Agent. It should not be confused with Hitchcock's film Secret Agent released the same year or his 1942 film Saboteur.
 Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii is a 1972 concert film featuring the English progressive rock group Pink Floyd performing at the ancient Roman amphitheatre in Pompeii Italy directed by Adrian Maben.
 A Mother's Prayer is a 1995 film made for the USA Network starring Linda Hamilton in a Golden Globe-nominated performance as a woman who learns she has contracted the AIDS virus and must make plans for the care of her only son. The film which counts Kate Nelligan S. Epatha Merkerson and Bruce Dern in its supporting cast premiered on May 25 1995. It was eventually expanded given a PG-13 rating and released on VHS via MCA/Universal Home Entertainment in 1997.
 Rehmat Ali is a 2010 Bengal-language Indian feature film directed by Partho Ghosh for producers Raj Behl and Geeta Behl starring Mithun Chakraborty Rituparna Sengupta and Rupa Ganguly in lead roles. It marked the return of Mithun Chakraborty to the Bengali film industry after a long gap. It is a remake of the 1997 Bollywood film Ghulam-e-Mustafa.
 Ammayi Bagundi (Telugu: అమ్మాయి బాగు౦ది) is a Telugu movie directed by Balasekaran starring Sivaji Meera Jasmine Ali Bramhanandam Bhavana Sana Chitram Seenu Anil Siva Krishna Rajan P. Dev. The music is scored by Srilekha and it produced by Dega Deva Kumar Reddy. In this movie Jasmine plays a dual role: one a lively girl and the other a homely wife. It is a remake Tamil super hit Parthiban Kanavu starred Srikanth and Sneha
 Mommo the Bogeyman (Turkish: Mommo: Kız Kardeşim) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Atalay Taşdiken about two young siblings who find refuge with their grandfather after their mother dies and their father’s new wife rejects them. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on April 17 2009 (2009-04-17) won the Audience Award at the Würzburg International Filmweekend and was nominated in several categories at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards.
 [[thumbnail]]The Fear Chamber is a 1968 film directed by Jack Hill. It stars Boris Karloff and Julissa.The Fear Chamber is one of four low-budget Mexican horror films Karloff made in a package deal with Mexican producer Luis Enrique Vergara. The others are The Snake People The Incredible Invasion and House of Evil. Karloff's scenes for all four films were directed by Jack Hill in Los Angeles in the spring of 1968. The films were then completed in Mexico.
 Idhu Namma Bhoomi (English: This is our earth) is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Karthik and Kushboo in lead roles. The film produced by actor Radha Ravi had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 5 June 1992. The film bombed at the box-office.
 Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars is a 1938 serial film of 15 episodes based on the comic strip Flash Gordon. It is the second of three Flash Gordon serials made between 1936 and 1940.The main cast from first serial reprise their roles: Buster Crabbe as Flash Gordon Jean Rogers as Dale Arden Frank Shannon as Dr. Alexis Zarkov Charles B.
 'Phantom of the Megaplex' is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie produced by the Disney Channel. With a title and concept very loosely based on The Phantom of the Opera the film concerns strange happenings at a monstrous megaplex on the night of a major movie premiere gala Midnight Mayhem. The central character played by Taylor Handley is Pete Riley the 17-year-old assistant manager of the theater.
 The Canary Murder Case (1929) is a crime/mystery film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Malcolm St. Clair and Frank Tuttle. The screenplay was written by Willard Huntington Wright (as S.S. Van Dine) Albert S. Le Vino and Florence Ryerson based on novel The Canary Murder Case by S.S. Van Dine. It was the first film in the series of Philo Vance films adapted from the novels starring William Powell as Philo Vance Louise Brooks as the Canary and Jean Arthur as Alys LaFosse.
 The Girl Stage Driver (1914) is a silent short Western film. It was thought to have been lost but an incomplete 35mm positive print was found in 2009 in the New Zealand Film Archive. The film was shot in Tucson Arizona.
 The Tale of Sweeney Todd is a 1998 American television movie directed by John Schlesinger. The teleplay by Peter Buckman was adapted from a story by Peter Shaw. It was broadcast in the United States by Showtime on April 19 1998 and released on videotape in France the following month. It later was released as a feature film in select foreign markets.
 In the Sunlight is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts starring David Lythgoe Vivian Rich and Harry von Meter.
 Restoration is a 1995 American historical drama film directed by Michael Hoffman. It stars Robert Downey Jr. as a 17th-century medical student exploited by a debauched king. The film is based on the novel of the same title by Rose Tremain. It won two Academy Awards.
 Seconds to Spare is a 2002 thriller about a hijacked train. It was shot in Australia.The film is also known as Operation Wolverine: Seconds to Spare.
 Anna in Kungfuland traditional Chinese: 安娜與武林; simplified Chinese: 安娜与武林; pinyin: An nuó yú wǔ lín; Cantonese Yale: On loh yue miu lam) is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Raymond Yip and starring Miriam Yeung and Ekin Cheng.
 Northwest Territory is a 1951 American western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Kirby Grant Gloria Saunders and Warren Douglas. The film is part of the series of ten films featuring Kirby Grant as a Canadian Mountie.
 Body Language is a 1992 television film written and directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman. The thriller starring Heather Locklear as a successful business executive and Linda Purl as her assistant who is trying to take over her life was produced for USA Network and was released on VHS in 1998.
 Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory is a 2011 documentary film and sequel to the films Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills and Paradise Lost 2: Revelations. The three films chronicle the arrest 18-year imprisonment and eventual release of Damien Echols Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley otherwise known as the West Memphis Three.
 Take It from Me is a 1937 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Max Miller Betty Lynne and Buddy Baer. It is also known as Transatlantic Trouble. A British boxing promoter tries to get an opportunity for his man to fight for the title in America.
 Wolves of the Rail is a 1918 silent western film produced directed by and starring William S. Hart. Thomas H. Ince assisted Hart in supervising the production.A print is held by the Library of Congress.
 Unwed Mother is a 1958 American feature film directed by Walter A. Doniger. It starred Norma Moore Robert Vaughn Billie Bird Diana Darrin and Timothy Carey.The plot revolves around Betty Miller (Norma Moore) a country girl who moves from a farming community to Los Angeles. She falls in love with a smooth-talking grifter Don Bigelow (Robert Vaughn) who gets her pregnant then abandons her. After visiting a drunken abortionist (Timothy Carey) Betty decides to give the baby up for adoption.
 Christmas in my heart is the 2nd live DVD (3rd overall) released by German Pop star Sarah Connor. It was originally recorded as a TV special in 2005 before being released as a DVD.The set is all Christmas music mainly the songs from Sarah's Christmas album of the same name. Her husband Marc Terenzi performs as well.The DVD also features a Christmas Special Episode in the styling of Sarah and Marc in love.
 Raï is a French film directed by Thomas Glou. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1995 Locarno International Film Festival.
 The Fighting Seabees is a 1944 war film starring John Wayne and Susan Hayward. The picture portrays a heavily fictionalized account of the dilemma that led to the creation of the U.S. Navy's Seabees in World War II. The supporting cast includes Dennis O'Keefe and William Frawley and the movie was directed by Edward Ludwig.
 The Madwoman of Chaillot is a 1969 American satirical comedy-drama film made by Commonwealth United Entertainment and distributed by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. It was directed by Bryan Forbes and produced by Ely A. Landau with Anthony B. Unger as associate producer. The screenplay was by Edward Anhalt adapted by Maurice Valency from the celebrated play La Folle de Chaillot by Jean Giraudoux via the English adaptation The Madwoman of Chaillot. The music score was by Michael J.
 Darktown Revue (1931) is an 18-minute short film by Oscar Micheaux probably his first venture into sound film. As in many early talkies the camera-work is extremely static. The film included choral singing and several vaudeville acts including the comedy duo of Tim Moore and Andrew Tribble doing a routine about a haunted house.
 Die zwei Leben des Daniel Shore (The Two Lives of Daniel Shore) is a 2009 German film by Michael Dreher; written by him and produced by Karim Debbagh Rüdiger Heinze Rainer Kölmel and Stefan Sporbert. It stars Nikolai Kinski Katharina Schüttler Morjana Alaoui and Sean Gullette. The film is Michael Dreher's feature film debut and had its premiere at the 44th Hof International Film Festival.
 Always Further On (Spanish: Tarahumara (Cada vez más lejos)) is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza. It won the FIPRESCI Prize at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Yesspeak Live: The Director's Cut is a two-disc DVD concert film from the progressive rock band Yes. It was recorded live on their 2003 European tour. The set features two concerts recorded in Birmingham England and the Glastonbury Festival respectively. The concerts also feature interviews with band members and commentary. Excerpts of these concerts were used throughout the 2004 documentary Yesspeak.
 Danger Has Two Faces is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Alex Cheung and starring Bryan Leung Paul Chu and Fei Xiang. The film is produced and distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio.
 Black Octopus (Spanish: El pulpo negro) is a 1985 Argentine TV mini-series (624 min) directed by Marta Reguera and written by Luis Murillo with Narciso Ibáñez Menta in the main role.
 Horror House on Highway Five (1985) is an independent low budget slasher concerning a sociopath dressed up as Richard Nixon who goes rampaging through the night traveling down a highway to terrorize passing motorists.
 El Fantasma de la opereta is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Tasher Desh (English: The Land of Cards) is a 2012 Bengali fantasy film directed by Q. The film has been described as a trippy adaptation of the Rabindrath Tagore's namesake play by Indian medias. It was amazingly praised for its vivid experimental cinematography and interesting style by international critics. It features Soumyak Kanti DeBiswas Anubrata Basu Tillotama Shome Rii Joyraj Bhattacharjee Tinu Verghese and Immaduddin Shah in the lead roles.
 Black Sea is an upcoming British adventure thriller film directed by Kevin Macdonald and written by Dennis Kelly. The film stars Jude Law Scoot McNairy Karl Davies and Konstantin Khabensky.
 Tropic Thunder is a 2008 American action comedy film co-written co-produced directed by and co-starring Ben Stiller. The film also co-stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Black. The main plot revolves around a group of prima donna actors who are making a fictional Vietnam War film. When their frustrated director decides to drop them in the middle of a jungle they are forced to rely on their acting skills in order to survive the real action and danger.
 The Railway Man is a 2013 British–Australian war film directed by Jonathan Teplitzky. It is an adaptation of the bestselling autobiography of the same name by Eric Lomax and stars Colin Firth Nicole Kidman Hiroyuki Sanada and Jeremy Irvine. It premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2013.
 The Assassination Bureau Limited (released in North America as The Assassination Bureau) is a black comedy film made in 1969 based on an unfinished novel The Assassination Bureau Ltd by Jack London. It stars Oliver Reed Diana Rigg Telly Savalas and Curt Jürgens and was directed by Basil Dearden.Whereas London's original novel was set in the USA this film is set in Europe.
 The Master Plan is a 1955 British drama film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Norman Wooland Tilda Thamar and Wayne Morris. It is set at the headquarters of NATO. It is based on a teleplay Operation North Star by Harald Bratt
 Ingane Oru Nilapakshi was a Malayalam film released in the year 2000. The actress Sneha known at the time as Manasi made her debut in the film. This was a family entertainer and love based film.The cast includes Kunchacko Boban Sujitha and Srividhya.
 White: The Melody of the Curse (Hangul: 화이트: 저주의 멜로디; RR: Hwaiteu: Jeojooui Mellodi) is a 2011 South Korean horror film by Kim Gok and Kim Sun.
 Ballade på Christianshavn is a 1971 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Two Tars is a Laurel and Hardy short film directed by James Parrott and released in 1928. A silent film it largely consists of a 'reciprocal destruction' involving motorists in a traffic jam which has much inventive mayhem with the destruction of various automobiles.
 Combat Report was a short dramatic propaganda film produced by the U.S. Army Signal Corps in 1942 and shows the anti-submarine efforts of a bombing crew. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary in 1943.
 Ji Hujur also (Bengali: জী হুজুর) is a Bangladeshi bangla language film. Directed by Jakir Hossain Raju. starring Symon Sadik Sara Zerin Jemi Anan kazi Hayat AbbasUllah Sikdar Nasrin Onamika.
 We of the Never Never is a 1982 Australian drama film directed by Igor Auzins based on the autobiographical novel We of the Never Never by Jeannie Gunn. It was nominated for five AFI awards and won one award for best cinematography.
 Juliette or Key of Dreams (French: Juliette ou La clef des songes) is a 1951 French drama film directed by Marcel Carné. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival. The film is based on a play by Georges Neveux.
 Rich and Famous is a 1981 American drama film directed by George Cukor the final film of his long career. The screenplay by Gerald Ayres is based on the 1941 play Old Acquaintance by John Van Druten which was filmed with Bette Davis and Miriam Hopkins in 1943 under its original title.
 Rock River Renegades is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby one of the films in the Range Busters series.
 Happy New Year is a 2008 Swiss drama film directed by Christoph Schaub. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bled Number One is a 2006 French drama film directed by Rabah Ameur-Zaïmeche. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Nishijapon (Bengali: নিশিযাপন After the Night... Dawn) (2005) is a Bengali film directed by Sandip Ray based on a novel of the same name by Narayan Gangopadhyay.
 The Matriarch (Finnish: Lieksa!) is a 2007 Finnish comedy-drama film written directed and edited by Markku Pölönen and produced by the Pölönen-owned film production company Suomen Filmiteollisuus.
 The Deserter is a 1912 silent black-and-white two-reel Western film written and directed by Thomas H. Ince. It was released March 15 1912 and starred Francis Ford and Ethel Grandin. The film was screened in December 2006 at the Museum of Modern Art in New York as part of a retrospective on Thomas H. Ince. The film is available at the Library of Congress.
 Ohm Shanthi Oshaana is a 2014 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Jude Anthany Joseph and written by Midhun Manuel & Jude Anthany Joseph. It stars Nazriya Nazim Nivin Pauly in leads and Aju Varghese and Vineeth Sreenivasan in the supporting roles. The film is produced by Alvin Antony's banner Ananya Films and has music by Shaan Rahman.
 Romance on the High Seas known in the United Kingdom as It's Magic is a 1948 Technicolor musical romantic comedy film starring Jack Carson Janis Paige Don DeFore and Doris Day in her film debut. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards for Original Song for It's Magic (music by Jule Styne lyrics by Sammy Cahn) and Music Scoring of a Musical Picture (Ray Heindorf).
 L'Inhumaine (the inhuman woman) is a 1924 French drama-science fiction film directed by Marcel L'Herbier. It was notable for its experimental techniques and for the collaboration of many leading practitioners in the decorative arts architecture and music. The film gave rise to much controversy on its release.
 The Projectionist is a 1971 film written and directed by Harry Hurwitz. It featured the film debut of Rodney Dangerfield. The film employs the use of superimposition of older films the first time such techniques were used.
 Bleach: Hell Verse (劇場版BLEACH 地獄篇 Burīchi Jigoku-Hen) is the fourth animated film adaptation of the anime and manga series Bleach. It was directed by Noriyuki Abe. The film's theme song is Save the One Save the All performed by T.M.Revolution and its screenplay was written by Natsuko Takahashi and Ookubo Masahiro with Tite Kubo author of the manga overseeing the production. The film was released in Japanese theatres on December 4 2010 and in the United States dubbed in November.
 Kiklee (Punjabi: ਕਿੱਕਲੀ) is a 1960 Punjabi film directed by Bekal Amritsari starring Jagdish Sethi Indira Madan Puri and more. Harbans composed the music.
 El Gordo de América is a 1976 Argentine film.
 The Painted Hills also known as Lassie's Adventures in the Goldrush is a 1951 action film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and directed by Harold F. Kress. Adapted by True Boardman from Alexander Hull's novel Shep of the Painted Hills the film stars Paul Kelly Ann Doran and dog actor Pal (as Lassie) in a story about a collie named Shep who seeks revenge after her master is murdered. The Painted Hills was the seventh and final MGM Lassie film released.
 Luck of the Turf is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Randall Faye and starring Jack Melford Moira Lynd Wally Patch and Moore Marriott. The son of a shopkeeper likes to pick winners in horse races and gives tips to his friends.
 Something to Live for: The Alison Gertz Story (also known in UK as Fatal Love) is a 1992 American television movie based on the life of a prominent AIDS activist Alison Gertz. The movie originally aired on ABC on March 29 1992 approximately four months before Gertz's death.
 The Tramp and the Crap Game is a silent film from the year 1900. It's unknown if a copy survives but it could be lost.
 Karate Girl (KG カラテガール) is a 2011 martial arts film directed by Kimura Yoshikatsu starring Rina Takeda.
 Hero (2000) is a short subject film directed and written by Mark Bamford. His wife wrote and produced the film. Hero played at numerous international film festivals and subsequently sold worldwide for television. It was filmed in Kinderhook New York USA
 Bangkok Traffic Love Story (Thai: รถไฟฟ้า มาหานะเธอ RTGS: Rot Fai Fa Ma Ha Na Thoe) is a Thai romantic comedy film released by GTH on 15 October 2009. It was directed by Adisorn Tresirikasem and written by Navapol Thamrongruttanarit. The film tells the story of Mei Li (Cris Horwang) a thirty-year-old woman feeling desperate about being last among her friends to marry and her relationship with Loong (Theeradej Wongpuapan) an engineer working on the BTS Skytrain system.
 The Extraordinary Seaman is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven Faye Dunaway Alan Alda Mickey Rooney and Jack Carter.Cinematography is by Lionel Lindon.
 Kadathanadan Ambadi is a 1990 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Sajan Vargeese starring Mohanlal Swapna Raadhu and Prem Nazir. The film was in production from 1985 and was stalled due to financial crisis faced by the producer Sajan Vargeese. The film was released after the death of Prem Nazir.
 Dulhe Raja (Hindi: दुल्हे राजा) is a 1998 Bollywood comedy film starring Govinda. Raveena Tandon Kadar Khan Johnny Lever Prem Chopra and Asrani.
 Bring on the Night is a 1985 documentary film directed by Michael Apted focusing on the jazz-inspired project and band led by the British musician Sting during the early stages of his solo career. Some of the songs whose recording sessions are featured in the film appeared on his debut solo album The Dream of the Blue Turtles. Each musician in the band through the course of the film is interviewed.
 The Crew is a 2008 British crime film based on the novel Outlaws by Kevin Sampson. It is set in the criminal underworld of Northern England especially Liverpool Merseyside.
 The Wounded Man (French: l'Homme blessé) is a 1983 French film directed by Patrice Chéreau and written by him and Hervé Guibert. It stars Jean-Hugues Anglade and Vittorio Mezzogiorno. The film won the César Award for Best Writing. It was also entered into the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chalo Ishq Ladaaye (Hindi: चलो इशक़ लड़ायें (Come Let's Fall In Love)) is a 2002 Indian film comedy directed by Aziz Sejawal starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji.
 Charas is a 1976 Hindi movie produced and directed by Ramanand Sagar. The film stars Dharmendra Hema Malini Ajit Aruna Irani Amjad Khan Asrani Sujit Kumar Keshto Mukherjee and Tom Alter. The film's music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 This Time Around is a made for television movie starring Carly Pope Sara Rue and Brian Austin Green. It aired on the ABC Family Channel on June 22 2003 and Fox Family Channel in the Philippines in 2012.
 The Blue Pearl (青い真珠 Aoi shinju) is a 1951 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Salaam Bombay! (Hindi: सलाम बॉम्बे!) is a 1988 Hindi film directed by Mira Nair and screenwritten by her longtime creative collaborator Sooni Taraporevala. The film chronicles the day-to-day life of children living on the streets of Mumbai. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi the National Board of Review Award for Top Foreign Film the Golden Camera and Audience Awards at the Cannes Film Festival and three awards at the Montréal World Film Festival.
 Street of the Five Moons(Italian:Via delle Cinque Lune) is a 1942 Italian romantic drama film directed by Luigi Chiarini. It marked the debut of actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Emmy of Stork's Nest is a 1915 silent film directed by William Nigh. The film is based on the novel Stork's Nest by J. Breckenridge Ellis and was shot on location.
 High and Low (French: Du haut en bas) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
 A New Kind of Love is a 1963 American romantic comedy film directed by Melville Shavelson and starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward. Frank Sinatra sings You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me over the opening credits.
 Thug Life is a 2001 film written produced and directed by Greg Carter.A young man trying to grow up straight in a crime-ridden neighborhood finds himself on the run after a friend accidentally lures him into a trap in this hard-edged urban drama. Boo (Thomas Miles) grew up in a rough section of Houston TX where many see crime as their only way out. Boo is determined to leave the street life behind and build an honest career for himself as a plumber but his longtime friend Mecca (Gregory O.
 Achante Aanmakkal is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Chandrasekharan starring Sarath Kumar Meghna Raj and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles. The film was later dubbed in Tamil as Narasimhan IPS.
 Sabbatical is a 2007 CTV television movie which was filmed in August 2007 as a pilot and aired on 23 November 2007.The film follows Patrick Marlowe (who is on sabbatical) his paleontologist wife Dr. Julie Marlowe and their children as they leave the big city for Julie's dinosaur dig in Saskatchewan's Avonlea Badlands (located south of Regina).To be close to the dig The family moves to the fictional small town of Beacon Vista.
 We Feed the World is a 2005 documentary in which Austrian filmmaker Erwin Wagenhofer traces the origins of the food we eat and views modern industrial production of food and factory farming in a critical light. His journey takes him to France Spain Romania Switzerland Brazil and back to Austria.The film features interviews with several people including one with sociologist and politician Jean Ziegler.The film was the most successful Austrian documentary ever.
 War of the Planets (Italian: I Diafanoidi Vengono da Marte literally The Diaphanoids Come From Mars) is a 1965 Italian film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Tony Russel and Lisa Gastoni released theatrically in Europe in 1966. (Russel's name is misspelled in the opening credits as Tony Russell.) The film's story and screenplay were written by Ivan Reiner and Renato Moretti.This is the second film in the Gamma-One series.
 Drôle de Félix (named The Adventures of Felix in English; the title literally means Comedy of Félix or Amazing Félix) is a 2000 French film a road movie written and directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau. It stars Sami Bouajila as the title character.
 The Face at the Window is a 1939 British film directed by George King.
 Passing Glory is a 1999 basketball-drama film written by Harold Sylvester and directed by Steve James. This movie stars Andre Braugher Rip Torn and Sean Squire. The film also features a speaking role by Arthur Agee subject of the documentary Hoop Dreams also directed by Steve James. Music composed by Stephen James Taylor.
 Jackboots on Whitehall is a 2010 British satirical film portraying an alternate history of the Second World War in which Nazi Germany has seized London causing the British to band together at Hadrian's Wall if they are to thwart the German invasion. This is the first film of its kind to feature animatronic puppets and the voices of well-known British actors including Ewan McGregor Rosamund Pike Richard E. Grant Timothy Spall Richard O'Brien and Richard Griffiths.
 Beautiful Creatures is a 2000 British crime film directed by Bill Eagles and starring Susan Lynch and Rachel Weisz. Lynch received a British Independent Film Award nomination for her role.
 Karutha Rathrikal is a Malayalam language film released in 1967. It was the first science fiction film in the history of Malayalam cinema.
 Kiss of Death is a 1995 crime thriller film starring David Caruso Samuel L. Jackson Nicolas Cage Helen Hunt Ving Rhames and Stanley Tucci directed by Barbet Schroeder.The film is a very loosely based remake of the 1947 film noir classic of the same name that starred Victor Mature Brian Donlevy and Richard Widmark. It was screened out of competition at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. Like the original Kiss of Death the film was released by 20th Century Fox.
 The Second Greatest Sex is a 1955 film directed by George Marshall. It stars Jeanne Crain and George Nader.
 Antareen (The Confined) is a 1993 Indian film in Bengali language directed by Mrinal Sen based on a story by Sadat Hasan Manto. It stars Anjan Dutt and Dimple Kapadia.Antareen was the first non-Hindi project Kapadia took part in since Vikram (1986). She played a woman caught in a loveless marriage. Insisting on playing her part spontaneously Kapadia refused do enroll in a crash-course in Bengali as she wrongly felt that she would be able to speak it convincingly.
 The Way of All Flesh (1927) is a drama film directed by Victor Fleming written by Lajos Bíró Jules Furthman and Julian Johnson from a story by Perley Poore Sheehan. The film is unrelated to Samuel Butler's novel The Way of All Flesh and is now considered a lost film.
 Baby Sister is a 1983 television film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern. The film which stars Phoebe Cates Ted Wass and Pamela Bellwood centers on a 19-year-old girl who starts an affair with her older sister's boyfriend.
 C.R.A.Z.Y. is a 2005 French-language Canadian film from Quebec. The film was directed and co-written (with François Boulay) by Jean-Marc Vallée. It tells the story of Zac a young gay man dealing with homophobia while growing up with four brothers and a conservative father in 1960s and 1970s Quebec.
 Nalanum Nandhiniyum (English: Nalan and Nadhini) is an upcoming Tamil romance film written and directed by Venkatesan R a former associate director of Venkat Prabhu. Having ventured under Ravindar Chandrasekaran’s production house The Libra Productions the film features Michael Thangadurai and Nandita in lead roles.
 The Silver Chalice is a 1954 historical epic film from Warner Bros. based on Thomas B. Costain's 1952 novel of the same name.
 Sugar Hill is a 1994 American crime film starring Wesley Snipes and Michael Wright as brothers Roemello and Raynathan Skuggs. The film focuses on the two brothers who are major drug dealers in the Harlem neighborhood of New York City.
 Braindead released as Dead Alive in North America is a 1992 New Zealand zombie horror comedy gore film co-written and directed by Peter Jackson.The film was written by Jackson with his partner Fran Walsh and Stephen Sinclair. It was a commercial failure at the time of its release but has since gained a cult status following Jackson's fame with The Lord of the Rings trilogy receiving positive reviews from contemporary critics.
 Sorry Thanks (2009) is an independent feature film by filmmaker Dia Sokol who previously produced Mutual Appreciation and the MTV reality series 16 and Pregnant.Sorry Thanks premiered at the 2009 South by Southwest (SXSW) film festival in the Emerging Visions category and was shown at the Mill Valley Film Festival in October 2009.
 Empire of Ash (also known as Empire of Ash II) is a post-apocalyptic science fiction movie from 1988. The movie was re-released in 1989 as Empire of Ash II. It was followed by one sequel: Empire of Ash III.
 Wonderful Radio (Hangul: 원더풀 라디오; RR: Wondeopul Radio also known as Love On-Air) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Lee Min-jung and Lee Jung-jin. It is about a has-been pop star who is now a radio DJ struggling to boost listener ratings. It was released in theaters on January 5 2012 by distributor Showbox/Mediaplex and ran for 120 minutes.
 Bankomatt is a 1989 Italian-Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.The story follows a man planning and conducting a bank robbery. It is revealed he was formerly an employee of the bank and is acting out of disgruntlement towards the current boss.
 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a 1991 American adventure film directed by Kevin Reynolds. The film stars Kevin Costner as Robin Hood Morgan Freeman as Azeem Christian Slater as Will Scarlet Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio as Maid Marian of Dubois and Alan Rickman as the Sheriff of Nottingham.The movie was a major box office hit making over $390 million worldwide which made it the third highest grossing film of 1991.
 Salò or the 120 Days of Sodom (Italian: Salò o le 120 giornate di Sodoma) commonly referred to as simply Salò is a 1975 Italian art film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini with uncredited writing contributions by Pupi Avati. It is based on the book The 120 Days of Sodom by the Marquis de Sade. The story is in four segments inspired by Dante's Inferno: the Anteinferno the Circle of Manias the Circle of Shit and the Circle of Blood.
 Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla (also known as The Boys from Brooklyn) is a 1952 American comedy horror science fiction film directed by William Beaudine and starring horror veteran Bela Lugosi and nightclub comedians Duke Mitchell and Sammy Petrillo in roles approximating Martin and Lewis.
 Barbie as Rapunzel is a 2002 direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Owen Hurley. It is the 2nd in the Barbie film series of computer animated Barbie films and features the voice of Kelly Sheridan as Barbie. The story is adapted from the Brothers Grimm fairy tale Rapunzel.
 Sri Krishna Pandaveeyam (Telugu: శ్రీకృష్ణ పాండవీయం) (The friendship/union of Lord Krishna and the Pandavas) is a 1966 Pauranic film directed by N.T.Rama Rao and produced by N. Trivikrama Rao. It depicts the adolescent age of the Pandavas and Krishna and shows the events in Mahabharatha focussing on the later chapters of Adi Parva and the first half of Sabha Parva. The film was shot at the Vauhini Studios under the N.A.T and Ramakrishna combined banner.
 Alma is a 2009 Spanish short film produced by ex-Pixar animator Rodrigo Blaas. It was received notable recognition at the Fantastic Fest awards. The word alma in Spanish means soul.
 Maria Marten or the Mystery of the Red Barn is a 1913 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey. It was based on the 1827 Red Barn Murder. A Suffolk squire murders a young pregnant woman who demands that he marries her.
 Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem (インターステラ5555 Intāsutera Fō Faibu Four Five) is a feature-length Japanese-French animated adventure musical film originally released on May 28 2003. The film is the visual realization of Discovery an album by Daft Punk. Each track from the album has been animated as an episode in the story of the abduction and rescue of an interstellar pop band.
 Artificial is a 2012 Telugu short film that was produced and directed by Vijay Vemuri. The film had its world debut on April 27 2012 and revolves around the fantasies of a young couple.
 Poltergeist III is a 1988 American horror film. It is the third and final entry in the Poltergeist film series. Writers Michael Grais and Mark Victor who wrote the screenplay for the first two films did not return for this second sequel; it was co-written executive produced and directed by Gary Sherman and was released on June 10 1988 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures.
 Stand-In is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Tay Garnett and starring Leslie Howard Joan Blondell and Humphrey Bogart. The picture was produced by the independent Walter Wanger and released by United Artists. It is set in Hollywood and parodies many aspects of the film industry during the Classical Era.
 Guns of Hate is a 1948 Western film.
 The Bride’s Journey (Italian: Il viaggio della sposa) is a 1997 Italian comedy drama film written directed and starred by Sergio Rubini.
 The Four Year Plan is a documentary film directed by Mat Hodgson about London based football club Queens Park Rangers.The film chronicles the take over of the nearly bankrupt club in 2007 by a consortium of billionaires and their effort to promote the team to the Premier League by 2011. The consortium consisted of Bernie Ecclestone Flavio Briatore and Alejandro Agag steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal and Amit Bhatia.
 The Real Son is a short movie in which Lucas Grabeel plays Freddie Deansman the rebellious son of a golf player (Mark L. Taylor) who cares more about fixing the golf club's fastest printer than about his son. On Father's Day Mr Deansman competes in a golf tournament with a friend's son leaving Freddie to his own devices. At the end of the day Mr Deansman takes home the printer and goes to pick up Freddie. Their awkward conversation betrays the communication gap between the two.
 Rock & Rule (known as Ring of Power outside of North America) is a 1983 Canadian animated musical science fiction fantasy film from the animation studio Nelvana. It was produced and directed by the company's founders Michael Hirsh Patrick Loubert and Clive A. Smith. The film features the voices of Don Francks Greg Salata and Susan Roman.
 The Haunted Castle (1921) also known as Schloß Vogelöd and Castle Vogeloed is a silent chamber-drama directed by Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau.
 Let's Be Cops is an upcoming American action comedy film directed by Luke Greenfield and co-written with Nicholas Thomas. The film stars Jake Johnson and Damon Wayans Jr. as two friends who pretend to be police officers. Also co-starring Andy García Nina Dobrev Rob Riggle Keegan-Michael Key and James D'Arcy.
 Akuto (悪党 Akutō literally bad man) is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Kaneto Shindo starring Kyoko Kishida. It is based on a story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.
 Pirates of the Prairie is a 1942 Western film inspired by the Banditti of the Prairie.
 For a Good Time Call... is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jamie Travis. It stars Ari Graynor Lauren Miller Justin Long Sugar Lyn Beard Mimi Rogers Nia Vardalos Mark Webber and James Wolk. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012 where it secured a worldwide distribution deal with Focus Features. It was released theatrically in the United States on August 31 2012.
 The Return of the Whistler is a 1948 American mystery film noir based on the radio drama The Whistler. Directed by D. Ross Lederman the production features Michael Duane Lenore Aubert and Dick Lane. This is the eight and final entry in Columbia Pictures' Whistler series produced in the 1940s. This was the only film in this series that did not star Richard Dix.
 Sweethearts and Wives (1930) is an all-talking pre-code mystery comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Clarence G. Badger. The movie stars Billie Dove Clive Brook Sidney Blackmer and Leila Hyams. The film was based on the play entitled Other Men's Wives by Walter C. Hackett.
 The Black Butterfly is a lost 1916 silent film drama starring Olga Petrova and released by Metro Pictures.
 Olaf-An Atom is a 1913 film directed by Anthony O'Sullivan and featuring Harry Carey.
 Murphy of Anzac is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by J.E. Mathews. It tells the story of John Simpson Kirkpatrick during the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I. It is considered a lost film.
 Soup to Nuts is an American feature film written by Rube Goldberg and directed by Benjamin Stoloff which marks the film debut of the comic trio who would go on to become known as The Three Stooges. Goldberg made a cameo appearance in the film as himself opening letters in a restaurant.
 Shamsherbaaz is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Bride's Play is a 1922 American silent film produced by William Randolph Hearst as a starring vehicle for his paramour Marion Davies. It was directed by George Terwilliger and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is an extant film Library of Congress.
 Nothing Sacred is a 1937 Technicolor screwball comedy film made by Selznick International Pictures and distributed by United Artists. It was directed by William A. Wellman and produced by David O. Selznick from a screenplay credited to Ben Hecht based on a story by James H. Street. Other writers including Ring Lardner Jr. Budd Schulberg Dorothy Parker Sidney Howard Moss Hart George S. Kaufman and Robert Carson also made uncredited contributions to the screenplay.
 T.A.M.I. Show is a 1964 concert film released by American International Pictures. It includes performances by numerous popular rock and roll and R&B musicians from the United States and England. The concert was held at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium on October 28 and 29 1964. Free tickets were distributed to local high school students.
 A Fantastic Fear of Everything is a British comedy/horror film starring Simon Pegg written and directed by Crispian Mills with Chris Hopewell as co-director. It is based on the novella Paranoia in the Launderette by Bruce Robinson writer and director of Withnail and I. It has been described as a low-budget semicomedy about a children’s author-turned-crime-novelist who has become obsessed with murder and murdering.
 A Snake of June (Japanese: 六月の蛇 Rokugatsu no hebi) is a Japanese movie directed by Shinya Tsukamoto. His seventh film it is notable for its striking monochrome blue cinematography tinted in post production. It won the Kinematrix Film Award and the San Marco Special Jury Award at the Venice Film Festival.
 The Magic Flute is Kenneth Branagh's English-language film version of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's singspiel Die Zauberflöte.
 Gorintaku is a 1979 Telugu film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao. It is family sentimental film starring Shobhan Babu and Sujatha. The title song Gorinta Poochindi Komma Lekunda written by Devulapalli Krishnasastri casting Savitri is remembered even today.
 Teenage Monster is an independent science fiction horror film premiered December 25 1957 and released by Marquette Productions Limited in 1958. Directed by Jacques R. Marquette the film starred Anne Gwynne and Stuart Wade. The film combined the elements of science fiction and westerns both of which were popular in the late 1950s.
 First Descent is a 2005 documentary film about snowboarding and its beginning in the 1980s.The snowboarders featured in this movie (Shawn Farmer Nick Perata Terje Haakonsen Hannah Teter and Shaun White with guest appearances from Travis Rice) represent three generations of snowboarders and the progress this young sport has made over the past two decades.
 Farm Hands is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 215th Our Gang short (216th episode 127th talking short 128th talking episode and 47th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Superlópez contra el robot de bolsillo (translated as Superlópez Against the Pocket Robot) is a 2003 Spanish CGI animation short film directed by Enrique Gato and based on JAN's comics Superlópez.Gato fan of this comic series wont to make a homage at JAN work with a 3 minutes animation film although he tried to make a long duration film but wasn't possible.The plot is about a battle on the street between the main character against a giant robot.
 Viaggio sentimentale a Roma is a 1951 Italian film.
 La Naissance de l'amour is a 1993 drama film directed by Philippe Garrel. Garrel also wrote the screenplay together with his long-time collaborators Muriel Cerf and Marc Cholodenko.
 Inez from Hollywood (1924) is a lost silent drama directed by Alfred E. Green. Sam E. Rork produced with distribution through First National Pictures. The film is based on a short story The Worst Woman in Hollywood by Adela Rogers St. Johns. Anna Q. Nilsson Lewis Stone and 18 year old Mary Astor star.
 Ceylon (Inam in Tamil ) is a 2013 Indian war drama film written directed filmed and produced by Santosh Sivan. The story revolves around a group of teenagers in an orphanage set during the civil war in Sri Lanka. The film premiered at the 2013 Busan International Film Festival and had a theatrical release in India on 28 March 2014. Although it was positively received by critics the film was withdrawn from theatres three days later owing to protests from Tamil fringe groups in Tamil Nadu.
 Star-Crossed Lovers (German: Königskinder King's Children; also known as Invincible Love) is a 1962 East German film directed by Frank Beyer.
 The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney along with Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play Farragut North.
 Congorama is a Canadian film directed by Philippe Falardeau released in 2006.
 Legion of the Night is a 1995 horror film directed by Matt Jaissle and stars Tim Lovelace Jeff Rector Ron Asheton Heather Fine and S. William Hinzman. The film revolves around a scientist (Hinzman) who experiments with reanimation of corpses accidentally creating zombies. This technology falls into the hands of a crime lord that uses it to create a near-invincible army of thugs. The film was released on DVD in the United Kingdom as Dead City.
 Two a Penny is a British film released in 1967 featuring singer Cliff Richard. The film was directed by James F. Collier and produced by Frank R. Jacobson for Billy Graham's film distribution and production company World Wide Pictures.
 Emmanuelle 7 (Emmanuelle au 7ème ciel) is a 1992 French softcore erotic movie directed by Francis Leroi and starring Sylvia Kristel. The screenplay was written by Francis Leroi and Jean-Marc Vasseur. The music score is by Pierre Bachelet.
 Once a Gangster (simplified Chinese: 飞砂风中转; traditional Chinese: 飛砂風中轉 is an 2010 Hong Kong action-adventure comedy film directed by Felix Chong.
 LaMB is an animated film produced by Animax. The film has also been developed into four different episodes for Mobile and PSP users.The original script for the film was written by Carmelo S. J. Juinio one of the finalists of the 2007 Animax Awards Pan-Asia Animation competition. Juinio is one of the mentors of the Far Eastern University Literary Guild and a recipient of the Philippines's Don Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature.
 The Audacious Mr. Squire is a 1923 British silent comedy film directed by Edwin Greenwood written by Eliot Stannard produced by Edward Godal and starring Jack Buchanan Valia and Dorinea Shirley.
 The Cossacks (Russian: Казаки translit. Kazaki) is a 1961 Soviet drama film directed by Vasili Pronin. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name.
 The Piano in a Factory is 2010 Chinese drama film. The film is directed by Zhang Meng (director) and stars Qin Hailu and Wang Qianyuan. It tells the story of a father Chen Guilin who works very hard to realize his daughter's dream of owning a piano. Although Chen encounters a lot of hardships he never gives up and is always optimistic.
 Mountains of the Moon is a 1990 theatrical film depicting the 1857–58 journey of Richard Francis Burton and John Hanning Speke in their expedition to central Africa – the project that culminated in Speke's discovery of the source of the Nile River. The expedition led to a bitter rivalry between the two men. The film stars Patrick Bergin as Burton and Iain Glen as Speke.
 The Little Pet (Czech: Mazlíček) is a 1934 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Family Way is a 1966 British comedy-drama film based on Bill Naughton's play All in Good Time (1963). It began life in 1961 as a television play Honeymoon Postponed. The film was produced and directed by John and Roy Boulting respectively and starred father and daughter John Mills and Hayley Mills. Naughton adapted the play himself.
 Intriga en Lima is a 1965 Argentine film.
 The New Centurions (UK title: Precinct 45: Los Angeles Police) is a 1972 crime drama film based on the novel by policeman turned author Joseph Wambaugh.It stars George C. Scott Stacy Keach Scott Wilson Jane Alexander Erik Estrada and James Sikking and was directed by Richard Fleischer.The film was spoofed in MAD Magazine in 1973 as The New Comedians.
 Chaalbaaz is an action Hindi film made in 2003. A revenge drama with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 A Better Tomorrow (Chinese: 英雄本色; Jyutping: Jing1 hung4 bun2 sik1; literally True Colors of a Hero) is a 1986 Hong Kong crime film directed by John Woo and starring Chow Yun-fat Ti Lung and Leslie Cheung.
 Give Us This Night (1936) is one of five movies produced by Paramount Pictures featuring Gladys Swarthout a very popular Metropolitan Opera mezzo-soprano. The studio was attempting to build on the popularity of Grace Moore another opera singer who had also expanded her talents into movies.
 My Boss's Daughter is a 2003 romantic comedy film starring Ashton Kutcher Tara Reid and Terence Stamp.
 Runnin' Straight is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Arthur J. Flaven and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Perils of the Wilderness (1956) was the 55th serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was the penultimate serial produced by Columbia who were at this time the only studio still producing serials.
 The Kiss is a 1929 American drama film directed by Jacques Feyder and starring Greta Garbo Conrad Nagel and Lew Ayres in his first feature film. The film is known for being both MGM and Greta Garbo's last silent film. It was also the last such film for Conrad Nagel.
 Dhoom (English: Blast) is a 2004 Indian action thriller film written by Vijay Krishna Acharya and directed by Sanjay Gadhvi. The film stars Abhishek Bachchan Uday Chopra John Abraham Esha Deol and Rimi Sen in lead roles.Dhoom was the first action film produced by Yash Raj Films in 16 years since Yash Chopra directed Vijay (1988).
 Hécate is a 1982 French-Swiss drama film directed by Daniel Schmid. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Island of Blood (A.K.A. Whodunit? or Scared Alive: Island of Blood) is a mystery horror film that came out in 1982 and is based (or borrowed) around And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie.The film centered on film crew who become stranded on an island with a crazed crewmember who wants to make his own real life death movies or Exploitation films.
 The Sign on the Door is a 1921 American silent drama film starring Norma Talmadge and Lew Cody. The film was directed and written by Herbert Brenon and based upon the play of the same name by Channing Pollock. A copy of this film is in the Library of Congress film archive.A second adaptation of the play was filmed in 1929 as The Locked Door starring Barbara Stanwyck.
 The Slave was a 1917 American silent drama film written and directed by William Nigh. The film starred Valeska Surratt. It is now considered lost.
 Moonlight and Mistletoe is a 2008 Christmas television film directed by Karen Arthur.
 Earthquake in Chile (German: Das Erdbeben in Chili) is a 1975 West German television drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms. The film is an adaptation of the Heinrich von Kleist novella The Earthquake in Chile.
 Rock Paper Scissors (Spanish: Piedra papel o tijera) is a 2012 Venezuelan drama film directed by Hernán Jabes. The film was selected as the Venezuelan entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 A Matter of Convenience is a 1987 Australian TV movie about a woman who decides to get married for profit and convenience.Ben Lewin won an AACTA Award for Best Direction in Television.
 Young Einstein is an Australian comedy film directed by and starring Yahoo Serious released in 1988. It was based loosely on the life of Albert Einstein but relocated the theoretical physicist to Australia and had him splitting the atom with a chisel inventing rock and roll and surfing. Although the film was highly successful in Australia and won an award from the Australian Film Institute Awards it was poorly received by critics in America.
 While the City Sleeps is a 1928 silent film about a tough New York City police detective played by Lon Chaney out to get a murdering gangster. The film was directed by Jack Conway and co-stars Anita Page Carroll Nye Wheeler Oakman and Mae Busch.
 12 Paces Without a Head (German: Zwölf Meter ohne Kopf) is a 2009 film set in the Baltic in 1401. The film centers on the German folk hero Klaus Störtebeker who was a pirate at the time. The title comes from a legend which asserts that when he was captured by the Hanseatic League he struck a deal with his captors that every one of his men whom he could walk past after being decapitated would be let go. Störtebeker's body allegedly managed to make twelve paces before collapsing.
 For Us the Living: The Medgar Evers Story is a made-for-television biopic that aired on PBS on March 22 1983. The film was based on the book For Us the Living by Myrlie Evers-Williams and William Peters.
 Around the World in 80 Days (sometimes spelled as Around the World in Eighty Days) is a 1956 Technicolor adventure comedy film starring David Niven and Cantinflas produced by the Michael Todd Company and released by United Artists.The epic picture was directed by Michael Anderson and produced by Mike Todd with Kevin McClory and William Cameron Menzies as associate producers. The screenplay was written by James Poe John Farrow and S. J.
 New York City Serenade is a 2007 comedy-drama film written and directed by Frank Whaley and starring Freddie Prinze Jr. Chris Klein and Jamie-Lynn Sigler. It made its debut at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival. The film takes it title from the Bruce Springsteen song of the same name from 1973.
 Vetri Karangal is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R. Krishnamoorth starring Prabhu in lead role.
 Bang! is a 1977 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Troell. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival. Håkan Serner won the award for Best Actor at the 13th Guldbagge Awards.
 Slashers (スラッシャーズ Surasshāzu in Japan) is a 2001 horror film written and directed by Maurice Devereaux.
 Coordinates of Death (alternative title Target for Death ; Russian: Координаты смерти Vietnamese: 'Tọa độ chết') is a 1985 film by Samvel Gasparov (USSR) and Nguyen Xuan Chan (Vietnam). The film which involved both Soviet and Vietnamese movie makers is mostly about American brutality during the Vietnam War.
 Maharaja is a 2005 Kannada family-drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash featuring Sudeep and Nikita Thukral in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by S. A. Rajkumar and lyrics by K. Kalyan and V. Nagendra Prasad. The film released on 14 January 2005.
 Peculiarities of the National Hunt (Russian: Особенности национальной охоты Osobennosti natsionalnoy okhoty) is the first and most notable Russian national comedy.As soon as it was released in 1995 it became a nationwide success in Russia the leader at the Russian box office. It won the Nika Award and Kinotavr awards. It was followed by several other Peculiarities... films.
 Noi donne siamo fatte così (internationally released as That's How We Women Are) is a 1971 Italian episodic comedy film directed by Dino Risi. The film consists of twelve segments all starred by Monica Vitti.
 West of Hot Dog is a 1924 American comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 Trust is a 1990 American dark romantic comedy starring Adrienne Shelly and Martin Donovan. It is the second feature film from writer-director Hal Hartley.
 Escape from Galaxy 3 (original title Giochi erotici nella terza galassia also known as Starcrash II in Spain) is an Italian 1981 science fiction film.
 The Face in the Watch is a 1919 short Western film directed by Edward A. Kull and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Reifender Sommer is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 Mr. Zhao (simplified Chinese: 赵先生; traditional Chinese: 趙先生; pinyin: Zhào Xiānshēng) is a 1998 Chinese dark comedy film. It is the directorial debut of Lü Yue already a well-established cinematographer for director Zhang Yimou. Mr. Zhao tells the story of a philandering doctor living in Shanghai. His infidelity gets the best of him however when his mistress Tian Jing (Chen Yinan) announces she is pregnant while his wife learns of his affair but refuses to grant a divorce.
 Baciato dalla fortuna is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Paolo Costella. It is based on the Vincenzo Salemme's comedy play Fiore di ictus. The film debuted at the second place on the Italian box office chart.
 Komm süßer Tod (Come Sweet Death) is a 2000 Austrian darkly humorous crime film based on the novel by Wolf Haas of the same name. It is one of the Brenner detective stories which tell of the luckless life of ex-policeman and unsuccessful private investigator Simon Brenner who tramps throughout Austria and stumbles upon difficult crime cases. Brenner is portrayed by one of Austria's most famous comedians Josef Hader.
 Il diavolo nel cervello (also known as Devil in the Brain) is an Italian psychological thriller movie.
 Gabriel Over the White House is a 1933 American Pre-Code film starring Walter Huston that has been variously described as a bizarre political fantasy or a comedy drama that is surprisingly socialist in tone (albeit veering toward National Socialism) and which posits a favorable view of fascism.The picture was directed by Gregory La Cava produced by Walter Wanger and written by Carey Wilson based upon the novel Rinehard by Thomas Frederic Tweed who did not receive screen credit and received the financial backing and creative input of William Randolph Hearst.The supporting cast features Karen Morley Franchot Tone C. 
 The Green Goddess is a 1923 silent adventure film based on play of the same name by William Archer. Set during the British Raj it stars George Arliss as the Rajah of Rukh into whose land arrive three British subjects played by Alice Joyce David Powell and Harry T. Morey. Arliss and Ivan F. Simpson reprised their roles from the play and also in the 1930 talking film version while Joyce played Lucilla once again in the later movie.
 Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story is a made-for-TV film starring actress Poppy Montgomery. It is based on the book J.K. Rowling A Biography by Sean Smith detailing the journey of struggling single mother J. K.
 Kartinah is a now-lost 1940 romance film from the Dutch East Indies that was written directed by Andjar Asmara. The film Andjar's directorial debut follows a nurse and her superior as they fall in love in the Air Raid Preparation team. Produced by The Teng Chun's New Java Industrial Film Kartinah was heavily subsidised by the country's government and through product placement.
 Baghdad Thirudan (Tamil: பாக்தாத் திருடன்; English: The Thief of Bagdad) is a 1960 Black-and-white swashbuckler Tamil film produced and directed by T. R. Sundaram. The film starred M. G. Ramachandran and Vyjayanthimala in the lead with M. N. Nambiar T. R. Ramachandran T. S. Balaiah S. A. Ashokan M. N. Rajam A. Sandhya and S. N. Lakshmi forms an ensemble cast.
 WALL-E (stylized with an interpunct as WALL·E) is a 2008 American computer animated Science fiction romantic comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by Andrew Stanton. The story follows a robot named WALL-E who is designed to clean up a waste-covered Earth far in the future. He falls in love with another robot named EVE who also has a programmed task and follows her into outer space on an adventure that changes the destiny of both his kind and humanity.
 Island in the Sky is a 1938 drama directed by Herbert I. Leeds starring Gloria Stuart and Michael Whalen.
 Shalako is a 1968 Western film directed by American Edward Dmytryk starring Sean Connery and Brigitte Bardot. The British production was filmed in Alméria Spain.The cast also includes Stephen Boyd Jack Hawkins and Honor Blackman Connery's co-star in Goldfinger. It is based on a novel by Louis L'Amour.
 Chino (Nepali: चिनो) is considered to be one of the most commercially successful films in the history of Nepali cinema. It was directed by Tulsi Ghimire and starred Shiva Shrestha Bhuwan K.C. Sunil Thapa Kristi Mainali Sharmila Malla Subhadra Adhikari Sinaura Mistry Anoop Malla and Sushila Raymajhi. Ranjit Gazmer was the music director of the film.
 Papa maman ma femme et moi French: Papa Mama My Woman and Me is a French comedy film from 1955 directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois written by Marcel Aymé starring Robert Lamoureux and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles: Papa Mama My Wife and Me (UK) Papa Mama My Woman and Me (International English title) Papà mammà mia moglie ed io (Italy) Papa Mama meine Frau und ich (West Germany).
 Garden of Evil (1954) is a Western film about three somewhat disreputable 19th-century soldiers of fortune played by Gary Cooper Richard Widmark and Cameron Mitchell who are hired by a woman portrayed by Susan Hayward to rescue her husband. The movie was directed by Henry Hathaway.
 When I Was a Singer (French: Quand j'étais chanteur) is a 2006 French musical romantic drama film starring Gérard Depardieu and Cécile de France. It was written and directed by Xavier Giannoli.
 Little Men (1940) is an American film based on the novel Little Men (1871) by Louisa May Alcott. Norman Z. McLeod directed the film.
 The Phenix City Story is a 1955 film noir directed by Phil Karlson for Allied Artists and written by Daniel Mainwaring and Crane Wilbur. The drama features John McIntire and Richard Kiley among others.
 Rapture-Palooza (also known as Ecstasy) is a 2013 American fantasy-comedy film written by Chris Matheson and directed by Paul Middleditch. The film stars Anna Kendrick and John Francis Daley as a young couple who battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. The film also stars Craig Robinson Ken Jeong Rob Corddry Thomas Lennon Tyler Labine Paul Scheer Calum Worthy John Michael Higgins and Ana Gasteyer.
 Ley's Line (レイズライン; Reizu Rain) is a 2002 Japanese movie directed by Fukutani Osamu.
 Changeling is a 2008 American drama film written by J. Michael Straczynski and directed co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood that explores child endangerment female disempowerment political corruption and the repercussions of violence. Based partly on real-life events – the 1928 Wineville Chicken Coop kidnapping and murder case in Los Angeles California – the film stars Angelina Jolie as a woman who is reunited with her missing son only to realize he is an impostor.
 Grihanathan (Malayalam: ഗൃഹനാഥൻ) is a 2012 Malayalam family film directed by Mohan Kupleri starring Mukesh and Sonia Agarwal in the lead roles.
 Double Adventure is a 1921 American film serial directed by W. S. Van Dyke. The film is considered to be lost in the United States. All or parts of the serial are held by Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive.
 Night of the Pencils (Spanish: La noche de los lápices) is a 1986 Argentine historical drama film directed by Héctor Olivera and written by Olivera and Daniel Kon. It is based on the non-fiction book by María Seoane and Héctor Ruiz Núñez.
 The Secret of the Black Widow (German: Das Geheimnis der schwarzen Witwe) is a 1963 German crime film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring O. W. Fischer.
 Freak Out is a 2004 parody Z-movie.
 An American Werewolf in Paris is a 1997 comedy-horror film directed by Anthony Waller and starring Tom Everett Scott and Julie Delpy.
 Eyes of Texas is a 1948 American film directed by William Witney.
 Raghu Romeo is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by Rajat Kapoor starring Vijay Raaz Saddiya Siddiqui Maria Goretti Manu Rishi and Saurabh Shukla.
 Elling is a Norwegian film directed by Petter Næss. Shot mostly in and around the Norwegian capital Oslo the film which was released in 2001 is primarily based on Ingvar Ambjørnsen's novel Brødre i blodet (Blood brothers 1996) one of a series of four featuring the Elling character – the others are Utsikt til paradiset (A view of paradise 1993) Fugledansen (The bird dance 1995) and Elsk meg i morgen (Love me tomorrow 1999).
 Ang Tatlong Hambog or Tatlong Hambog (also known as The Arrogant Three or Three Beggars) is a 1926 Filipino silent romantic comedy film which was produced by Jose Nepomuceno during the pre-war era of Philippine cinema. It is a romantic comedy starring Isabel Rosario (Elizabeth) Dimples Cooper a vaudeville actress and Luis Tuason a race car sportsman. The film was considered controversial because it was the first in the history of Philippine movies to show a lips-to-lips kiss onscreen.
 Nottam is a 2006 Malayalam film starring Arun Nedumudi Venu Jagathi Sreekumar and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles. The film has been directed by Sasi Paravoor and written by Salin Mankuzhy.
 Wend Kuuni (also known as God's Gift) is a 1983 Burkinabé drama film directed by Gaston Kaboré.
 Abre los ojos (English: Open Your Eyes) is a 1997 Spanish film co-written co-scored and directed by Alejandro Amenábar and co-written by Mateo Gil. It stars Eduardo Noriega Penélope Cruz Fele Martínez and Najwa Nimri. In 2002 Open Your Eyes was ranked No. 84 in the Top 100 Sci-Fi List by the Online Film Critics Society.
 One Night in the Tropics is a 1940 comedy film noteworthy for being the film debut of Abbott and Costello. The team play minor roles but steal the picture with five classic routines including an abbreviated version of Who's On First? Their work earned them a two-picture deal with Universal and their next film Buck Privates made them bonafide movie stars. Songs in the film were by Jerome Kern.
 Brain Dead is a 1990 horror/psychological thriller starring Bill Pullman Bill Paxton and George Kennedy and written by Charles Beaumont.
 Estômago (Portuguese for stomach) or Estômago a Gastronomic Story is a 2007 Brazilian–Italian film directed by Marcos Jorge. The film won several awards. It was shot in several locations of Curitiba Paraná.
 Woman Basketball Player No. 5 (simplified Chinese: 女篮5号; traditional Chinese: 女籃5號; pinyin: Nǚ lán 5 háo) is a 1957 Chinese film presented by Tian Ma Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin starring Qin Yi Liu Qiong Cao Qiwei and Wang Qi. It is the first colored sports movie filmed after the formation of the People's Republic of China and also the first film directed by renowned film director Xie Jin.
 Gone to Earth (1950) is a film by the British-based director-writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It stars Jennifer Jones David Farrar and Cyril Cusack and features Esmond Knight. The film was significantly changed for the American market by David O. Selznick and retitled The Wild Heart in 1952.Gone to Earth is based on the 1917 novel of the same name by author Mary Webb.
 Kon-Tiki is a 2012 Norwegian historical drama film directed by Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg about the 1947 Kon-Tiki expedition. The film was mainly shot on the island of Malta. The role of Thor Heyerdahl is played by Pål Sverre Valheim Hagen. It was the highest-grossing film of 2012 in Norway and the country's most expensive production to date.The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards.
 Wyscig pokoju – Warszawa-Berlin-Praga is a Polish-East German film based on the Peace Race. It was released in 1952.
 Head Office is a 1936 British drama film directed by Melville W. Brown and starring Owen Nares Nancy O'Neil and Arthur Margetson. Its plot involves a secretary who is wrongly accused of stealing money from the company she works for. It was made at Teddington Studios by the British subsidiary of Warner Brothers.
 Yield to the Night (also titled Blonde Sinner) is a 1956 British crime drama film starring Diana Dors as a murderer sentenced to hang and spending her last days in the condemned cell in a British women's prison. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson. The film received much positive critical attention particularly for the skilled acting of Dors who had previously been cast solely as a British version of the stereotypical blonde bombshell.
 One Cup is an Australian short documentary film produced and released by Scarab Studio and Mutiny Media. Its crew included Dominic Allen Joel Betts Nicholas Hansen Greta Costello Dylan Tromp.Filmed in the mountains of Timor-Leste in January 2006 One Cup depicts the struggles and health concerns of coffee farming communities in Timor-Leste Asia.
 Once There Was a Waltz (German:Es war einmal ein Walzer) is a 1932 German operetta film directed by Victor Janson and starring Mártha Eggerth Rolf von Goth and Paul Hörbiger. It premiered in Berlin on 14 April 1932. The film was remade in Britain as Where Is This Lady? released the same year.
 The Lady With The Lamp is a 1951 British historical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Michael Wilding and Felix Aylmer. The film depicts the life of Florence Nightingale and her work with wounded British soldiers during the Crimean War.
 Mojave Magic: A Turtle's Eye View of SpaceShipOne shot on location at the remote Mojave Airport documents the historic flights of SpaceShipOne including the first privately funded human spaceflight on June 21 2004 and the two subsequent flights on September 29 and October 4 2004 that won the $10-million Ansari X Prize.
 So Undercover is a 2011 American action-comedy film directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Allan Loeb and Steven Pearl. Starring Miley Cyrus Jeremy Piven and Mike O'Malley the film was released for the first time in the United Arab Emirates on September 9 2011 and released direct-to-video in the United States on February 5 2013. The film has been released in theatres of only 13 countries worldwide.
 French Provincial (French: Souvenirs d’en France) is a 1975 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Jeanne Moreau Michel Auclair and Marie-France Pisier. The film presents an overview of French life and politics though the changes within one family in southwestern France from the 1930s through the 1970s.
 City Limits is a 1934 American comedy film directed by William Nigh and starring Frank Craven Sally Blane Ray Walker and Claude Gillingwater. It was remade in 1941 as Father Steps Out.
 Yarigu Helbedi is a 1994 Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Kodlu Ramakrishna. It stars Anant Nag Vinaya Prasad Mukhyamantri Chandru and Vaishali Kasaravalli among others.
 Behold a Pale Horse is a 1964 film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gregory Peck Omar Sharif and Anthony Quinn. The film is based on the novel Killing a Mouse on Sunday by Emeric Pressburger which loosely details the life of the Spanish anarchist guerrilla Francisco Sabaté Llopart.
 This article is about the animated film; for the Batman comic series see Batman: Gotham Knights.Batman: Gotham Knight is a 2008 direct-to-DVD anthology film of six short animated superhero films set in between the films Batman Begins (2005) and The Dark Knight (2008). It depicts Batman battling against the mob of Gotham City as well as other villains.
 The Pallbearer is a 1996 American romantic comedy film starring David Schwimmer Gwyneth Paltrow Toni Collette Michael Vartan Michael Rapaport and Barbara Hershey. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 Scotland Yard is a 1941 American crime drama film starring Nancy Kelly and Edmund Gwenn about a fugitive whose visage has been altered with plastic surgery. The movie was directed by Norman Foster. It is also known as Uncensored.
 Via degli specchi is a 1982 Italian crime-drama film directed by Giovanna Gagliardo. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 New Town Killers is a British drama film written and directed by Richard Jobson starring James Anthony Pearson and Dougray Scott. New Town Killers follows two business men portrayed by Dougray Scott and Alastair Mackenzie who play macabre cat and mouse games with people from the fringes of society. The film was an official selection for both The Times BFI London Film Festival 2008 and The International Thessaloniki Film Festival 2008.
 This Is th' Life is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Henry Otto starring Charlotte Burton George Field Ed Coxen Edith Borella and John Steppling.
 Pandavar Bhoomi is a 2001 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Cheran. The film has Arun Vijay Shamitha and Rajkiran playing the lead roles. While Vinu Chakravarthy and Mukesh Tiwari played the antagonists Chandrasekhar Ranjith Manorama and Charle played supporting roles. The film met with critical acclaim and went on to win the Filmfare Award for Best Director – Tamil.
 The Fourth Kind is a 2009 American science fiction-thriller film directed by Olatunde Osunsanmi starring Milla Jovovich Charlotte Milchard Elias Koteas Corey Johnson Will Patton and Mia Mckenna-Bruce. The title is derived from the expansion of J. Allen Hynek's classification of close encounters with aliens in which the fourth kind denotes alien abductions.The film purports to be based on real events occurring in Nome Alaska in 2000 in which psychologist Dr.
 The White Raven is a lost 1917 silent film drama produced by B. A. Rolfe's Rolfe Photoplays and distributed by Metro Pictures. This drama stars Ethel Barrymore in an original screen story.A film preserved at George Eastman House.
 Dangerous Liaisons is a gay pornographic film directed by Michael Lucas and released by Lucas Entertainment in 2005. The film is a film adaptation of Les Liaisons Dangereuses a novel written in 1782 by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.
 Run Fatboy Run is a 2007 British-American comedy film directed by David Schwimmer written by Michael Ian Black and Simon Pegg and starring Pegg Dylan Moran Thandie Newton Harish Patel India de Beaufort and Hank Azaria. It was released in the UK on 7 September 2007 in Canada on 10 September 2007 and in the United States on 28 March 2008.
 Memphis: Direct from Broadway is a 2011 film of the original Broadway production of the musical Memphis as captured live in performance on Broadway. The show was captured at Broadway’s Shubert Theatre in New York City January 18–21 2011 utilizing multiple high definition cameras and 96 tracks of sound recording. The film had a limited theatrical release between April 28-May 3 2011 in more than 530 theaters with high definition digital projection systems in the US and Canada.
 Jiggs and Maggie in Society is a 1947 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and starring Joe Yule Renie Riano and Tim Ryan. The film is part of the Jiggs and Maggie series the first sequel to the 1946 film Bringing Up Father.
 Riders of the Purple Sage is a 1996 TV-movie based on the Western novel by Zane Grey directed by Charles Haid adapted by Gil Dennis and starring Ed Harris as Lassiter and Amy Madigan as Jane Withersteen. This TNT Original Production is the fifth screen adaptation of Grey's novel across an eight-decade span.
 Olive is a 1988 Australian TV movie about actress Olive Bodill who died of cancer in 1985.
 Dream Team 1935 (Latvian: Sapņu komanda 1935) is a Latvian film directed by Aigars Grauba about the Latvia national basketball team which won EuroBasket 1935 the first FIBA European basketball championship.
 Pepita Jimenez is a 1975 Spanish film starring Stanley Baker.
 Ritorno a casa Gori internationally known as Return to Home Gori is a 1996 comedy film directed by Alessandro Benvenuti. It is the sequel of Welcome to Home Gori.
 Animal is a 2005 direct-to-video film starring Ving Rhames Terrence Howard Jim Brown and Chazz Palminteri. It was directed by David J. Burke and written by David C. Johnson. The film's profits were the subject of a lawsuit against the film's distributor DEJ Productions. The case was still active into the year 2011. It was followed up by a 2007 sequel Animal 2. The story of the William Lynch speech is mentioned in the movie and passed on from father to son to grandson.
 The Agency (known as Mind Games on video) is a 1980 Canadian dramatic/thriller film. It was directed by George Kaczender with a screenplay by Noel Hynd.Based on a novel by Paul Gottlieb it is a political thriller involving advertising copywriter Philip Morgan (Lee Majors) who discovers the agency he works for run by Ted Quinn (Robert Mitchum) is using subliminal advertising to manipulate a presidential election.
 Ballatha Pahayan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969.
 Jurassic Park III is a 2001 American science fiction adventure film and the third of the Jurassic Park franchise. It is the first film in the series that was not directed by Steven Spielberg nor based on a book by Michael Crichton (though numerous scenes in the film were taken from Crichton's novels Jurassic Park and The Lost World). The film takes place on Isla Sorna the island featured in the second film where a divorced couple has tricked Dr.
 Around the World with Orson Welles is a series of six short travelogues originally written and directed by Orson Welles for Associated-Rediffusion in 1955 for Britain's then-new ITV channel. Despite its title emphasizing the world it was entirely filmed in Europe. Among the more notable episodes Welles visited Jean Cocteau and Juliette Gréco in Paris attended a bullfight in Madrid (with co-hosts Kenneth Tynan and Elaine Dundy) and visited the Basque Country.
 Desert Blue is a 1998 American comedy/drama film written and directed by Morgan J. Freeman and starring Brendan Sexton III Kate Hudson Christina Ricci Casey Affleck Sara Gilbert and John Heard.The story centers on a rising Hollywood starlet (Hudson) who becomes marooned in a small desert town while on a roadtrip with her father.
 Ohm Krüger (English: Uncle Krüger) is a 1941 German biographical film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Emil Jannings Lucie Höflich and Werner Hinz. It was one of a series of propaganda films produced in Nazi Germany attacking the British. The film depicts the life of the South African politician Paul Kruger and his eventual defeat by the British during the Boer War. It was the first film to be awarded the 'Film of the Nation' award. It was re-released in 1944.
 The Photograph is an Indonesian feature film directed by Nan Achnas.
 The Adventure of Faustus Bidgood is a surreal Canadian comedy film released in 1986. The film was directed by Andy Jones and written by Andy and Mike Jones with the collaboration of a number of workshop participants. A common mistake seen is an added 's' to 'Adventure'.Andy Jones stars as Faustus Bidgood a clerk in the Newfoundland provincial department of education who harbours secret dreams of becoming president of Newfoundland and leading the province to secede from Canada.
 Lassie is a 1994 adventure family film directed by Daniel Petrie and featuring the fictional collie Lassie.
 Turning Point (simplified Chinese: Laughing Gor之变节; traditional Chinese: Laughing Gor之變節; Mandarin Pinyin: Laughing Gor Zhì Bìan Jié; Jyutping: Laughing Gor Zi1 Bin3 Zit3) is a 2009 Hong Kong film directed by Herman Yau and starring Michael Tse in the title role of Laughing Gor and co-starring veteran actors Francis Ng and Anthony Wong.
 Il conte Tacchia internationally released as Count Tacchia is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.The main character of the film is inspired by the real count Tacchia Adriano Bennicelli.
 Le Retour d’un aventurier is a 1966 film. In this pop art African-style Western Moustapha Alassane lays into African mimicry.
 Chushingura: Hana no Maki Yuki no Maki (忠臣蔵　花の巻　雪の巻 USA title: 47 Samurai; also known as Chushingura: 47 Samurai Australia title: The 47 Ronin) is a 1962 color period drama Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki.
 The Mistress is a 2012 Filipino romantic melodrama film directed by Olivia Lamasan starring Bea Alonzo and John Lloyd Cruz.The film celebrates the 10th-year anniversary of John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo's partnership as a love team and also their comeback film after their hit 2010 film entitled Miss You Like Crazy.The film was well acclaimed and received mixed to positive reviews both from the critics and fans and sets a box-office record in the Philippine Cinema.
 The Horseman is a 2008 Australian thriller directed and written by Steven Kastrissios and starring Peter Marshall Evert McQueen and introducing Caroline Marohasy.
 The Big Heist is an Canadian-US TV movie which first aired in 2001 on the A&E Television Networks.Based on the 1986 book The Heist: How a Gang Stole $8000000 at Kennedy Airport and Lived to Regret It the film tells the story about the 1978 Lufthansa Heist. The heist was also the subject of the much better-known 1990 film Goodfellas directed by Martin Scorsese. It was also the subject of another made-for-television film called The 10 Million Dollar Getaway (1991).
 De panzazo (stylized as De P6nz6zo) is a Mexican documental film led by Juan Carlos Rulfo and co-produced by Carlos Loret de Mola. It was an initiative of the Mexican non-profit educational organization Mexicanos Primero (Mexicans First). This project was developed over three years. It premiered in Mexico on February 24 2012 in Guadalajara San Luis Potosi Mérida Morelia Puebla Querétaro and the Federal District.
 The Spy Who Loved Me (1977) is the tenth spy film in the James Bond series and the third to star Roger Moore as the fictional secret agent James Bond. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert and the screenplay was written by Christopher Wood and Richard Maibaum.The film takes its title from Ian Fleming's novel The Spy Who Loved Me the tenth book in the James Bond series though it does not contain any elements of the novel's plot.
 Stuartpuram Police Station is a 1991 Tollywood Action film directed by Yandamuri Veerendranath and produced by K. S. Rama Rao. Starring Chiranjeevi Vijayashanti and Nirosha in the lead roles the film had Sarath Kumar playing the main antagonist. The film is a remake of the 1983 Hindi film Ardh Satya that starred Om Puri and Smita Patil. Ilaiyaraja provided the musical score. The film was a box-office failure.
 No 73 Shanthi Nivasa is a 2007 Kannada musical-family-drama film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep Anu Prabhakar Deepa in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Bharathwaj and Produced by Kiccha Creations. The film released on 15 June 2007. This film is inspired by Hindi movie Bawarchi and Tamil movie Navagraham.
 The Raven (1963) is a B movie horror-comedy produced and directed by Roger Corman. The film stars Vincent Price Peter Lorre and Boris Karloff as a trio of rival sorcerers.It was the fifth in the so-called Corman-Poe cycle of eight films largely featuring adaptations of Edgar Allan Poe stories produced by Roger Corman and released by AIP. The film was written by Richard Matheson based on references to Poe's poem The Raven.
 The Crooked Road is a 1965 British film directed by Don Chaffey. It stars Robert Ryan and Janet Munro.
 12:01 is a 1993 television film directed by Jack Sholder and starring Helen Slater Jonathan Silverman Jeremy Piven and Martin Landau. It originally aired on the Fox Network in the United States.It is an adaptation of Richard Lupoff's short story 12:01 PM published in the December 1973 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction. The story had previously been adapted into an 1990 Academy Award nominated short film starring Kurtwood Smith.
 Mama There's A Man in Your Bed is a 1989 light French comedy built around an interracial romance. Its French title is Romuald et Juliette (also the title of its British DVD release). The film was directed by Coline Serreau of Three Men and a Cradle fame and stars Daniel Auteuil and Firmine Richard.
 L.I.E. is a 2001 American drama film about a relationship between Howie a 15-year-old boy and an ephebophile known as Big John. The title is an acronym for the Long Island Expressway. The film was directed by Michael Cuesta who has said that the film is about exploring sexuality. It stars Paul Dano as Howie and Brian Cox as Big John.
 Wild Horse Rodeo is a 1937 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Robert Livingston Ray Corrigan and Max Terhune. Written by Oliver Drake and Betty Burbridge based on a story by Drake and Gilbert Wright the film is about a champion rodeo rider who returns to his home town in search of a legendary wild horse called Cyclone. The film is part of the Three Mesquiteers series of B-movies produced by Republic Pictures.
 Mystery Mountain is a 1934 American Western serial film directed by Otto Brower and B. Reeves Eason and starring Ken Maynard Verna Hillie Syd Saylor Edward Earle and Hooper Atchley. Distributed by Mascot Pictures the series was a remake of Mascot's film The Hurricane Express (1932). Mystery Mountain features the second film appearance by Gene Autry.
 Blondie is a 1975 erotic thriller film.It was also known as Germacide and Vortex.It was shot in Paris in September 1975.
 L'Année dernière à Marienbad (released in the US as Last Year at Marienbad and in the UK as Last Year in Marienbad) is a 1961 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Alain Robbe-Grillet.The film is famous for its enigmatic narrative structure in which truth and fiction are difficult to distinguish and the temporal and spatial relationship of the events is open to question.
 Le Petit Nicolas (English title: The Little Nicholas) is a 2009 French film directed by Laurent Tirard based on a series of children's books by René Goscinny. The film was released in France on 30 September 2009.
 Han hun og Hamlet is a 1932 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.
 Rock Prophecies is a 2009 documentary film concerning rock photographer Robert M. Knight. It was directed by John Chester (Lost In Woonsocket A&E's Random 1) and produced by Tim Kaiser (Seinfeld Will and Grace).[citation needed]
 Annie is a 1982 American musical film adapted from the Broadway musical of the same name by Charles Strouse Martin Charnin and Thomas Meehan which in turn is based on Little Orphan Annie the 1924 comic strip by Harold Gray. The film was directed by John Huston scripted by Carol Sobieski and stars Albert Finney Carol Burnett Ann Reinking Tim Curry Bernadette Peters Geoffrey Holder Edward Herrmann and Aileen Quinn.
 I Tartassati is an Italian comedy film from 1959 directed by Stefano Vanzina written by Aldo Fabrizi starring Totò and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles The Overtaxed (English title) Fripouillard et Compagnie (France).
 The Little Fox known in Hungary as Vuk is a 1981 Hungarian animated film produced by Pannónia Filmstúdió based on the novel Vuk by István Fekete. The film is directed by Attila Dargay and written by Attila Dargay István Imre Ede Tarbay and Magyar Televízió the Hungarian national public service television company owned by the Government of Hungary and launched in 1981. Along with Cat City it is widely regarded as one of the classics of Hungarian animation.
 Noored kotkad (released in 1927) in an Estonian war and adventure silent film about Estonian War of Independence fought in 1918-1920.Film was filmed in 1927 in Tartu Tartu County Mustvee and Värska. The film was digitally restored in 2008 by Taska Productions and Digital Film Finland.
 The Casserole Club is a 2011 American drama film directed by Steve Balderson. The film won five awards at the 2011 New York Visionfest.
 Haunting Sarah is a 2005 American television horror film written by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater and directed by Ralph Hemecker and based upon the novel New Year’s Eve by Lisa Grunwald. The film is about a woman who has lost her son and finds out her niece is in contact with his spirit.
 Jawani Zindabad is an Indian romantic film directed by Arun Bhatt. This film was released in 1990 starring by Aamir Khan and Farha Naaz. It was released on August 17 1990 and turned out to be Below Average at the box office.
 The Devil in Amsterdam (Dutch: De duivel in Amsterdam) is a 1919 Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 Black Sin (German: Schwarze Sünde French: Noir péché) is a 1989 German-French short drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Love's Berries (Russian: Ягoдка Любви translit. Yagodka lyubvi Ukrainian: Ягідки кохання translit. Yahidky kokhannya) is a 1926 Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko. Dovzhenko's debut film it deals with a dandified barber's attempts to get rid of his love berry - his illegitimate offspring.
 MLA Fatakeshto is an Indian political drama film in Bengali starring Mithun Chakraborty. It is the first of the two films in the Fatakeshto series the other one being Minister Fatakeshto. It is famous for introducing the dailogue Marbo ekhane lash porbe sashane (I will hit you here and the body will be there at the cremation ground). The film had a sequel named Minister Fatakeshto.
 Woman in Hiding is a 1949 film noir directed by Michael Gordon and starring Ida Lupino as the title character a wife on the run from her murderous husband played by Stephen McNally. Howard Duff portrays a man who might help her. But can he be trusted? This was Peggy Dow's first film though her second Undertow (1949) was released first.
 Johnny (1980) is a Tamil film directed by Mahendran. It had Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the main roles with Rajinikanth in a dual role.
 Sint (released on DVD as Saint Nick in the United States) is a 2010 Dutch dark comedy horror film about Sinterklaas a character comparable to Santa Claus in English-speaking countries. The film was directed by Dick Maas and marked his return to the horror genre in which he gained acclaim with his debut De Lift (1983) and Amsterdamned (1988).
 Cuidado con las colas is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death & Rebirth (新世紀エヴァンゲリオン 劇場版 DEATH & REBIRTH シト新生 Shin seiki Evangerion Gekijō-ban: Shi to Shinsei) romanized in Japan as Evangelion: Death and Rebirth is a 1997 Japanese animated science fiction film. It is the first film in the Neon Genesis Evangelion franchise and it consists of two parts Death and Rebirth.
 The Great Barrier is a 1937 British historical drama film directed by Milton Rosmer and Geoffrey Barkas and starring Richard Arlen Lilli Palmer and Antoinette Cellier. The film depicts the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway. It was based on the 1935 novel The Great Divide by Alan Sullivan. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush. The film's sets were designed by Walter Murton.
 Alice in Wonderland is an American fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Linda Woolverton. Released by Walt Disney Pictures the film stars Mia Wasikowska as Alice Kingsleigh with Johnny Depp Anne Hathaway and Helena Bonham Carter. The film was shot in the United Kingdom and the United States.The story is inspired by the English author Lewis Carroll's 1865 fantasy novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and its 1871 sequel Through the Looking-Glass.
 Sock-a-Bye Baby is the 66th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 A Killer Among Friends is a 1992 made-for-television movie that aired on CBS on December 8 1992. Based on a true story the film stars Patty Duke as a mother grieving for her murdered daughter (Tiffani Amber Thiessen) and sets out to find the killer.The film is based on the real life murder of Michele Avila.
 Peddamanushulu or Pedda Manushulu is a 1954 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy. The film is themed on corruption and portrays all Peddamanushulu (influential people) as corrupt.
 Ésta es mi vida is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Neberte nám princeznú (English: Let the Princess Stay with Us) is a modern version of the Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs fairytale starring Marika Gombitová. The musical was directed by Martin Hoffmeister and released in 1981.
 Kisapmata is a 1981 drama film directed by Mike de Leon written by de Leon and Clodualdo del Mundo Jr. and based on Nick Joaquin's 1968 article entitled The House on Zapote Street.It was a breakthrough film as it was the first major treatment of incest in Philippine cinema. The movie was both a critical and box-office success establishing De Leon as one of the great directors of the new generation.
 Karma (Hindi:कर्मा) is a 1986 Bollywood film directed by Subhash Ghai and featuring an ensemble cast including Dilip Kumar Nutan Jackie Shroff Anil Kapoor Naseeruddin Shah Sridevi and Anupam Kher. The film reunites Subhash Ghai and Dilip Kumar after the success of their last film together Vidhaata (1982). The film also marked the first time Dilip Kumar was paired with veteran actress Nutan.
 The Great Ice Rip-Off is a 1974 American television movie directed by Dan Curtis. It premiered on ABC as the ABC Movie of the Week on November 6 1974. It is a comedic heist film about a group of diamond thieves who use a bus headed from Seattle to San Diego for their getaway.Variety reviewed the film as having enough sharp corners to keep viewers alert and Curtis' eye for human foibles manages to get laughs.
 The Cheetah Girls 2 (also known as The Cheetah Girls: When in Spain or The Cheetah Girls 2: When in Spain) is the 2006 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie The Cheetah Girls.
 The White Storm formerly known as The Cartel War (Chinese: 掃毒) is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese crime thriller film directed by Benny Chan and starring Sean Lau Louis Koo and Nick Cheung. The film had its world premiere at the 2013 Hong Kong Asian Film Festival on October 25 2013.
 Now and Forever is a 1934 American drama film directed by Henry Hathaway. The screenplay by Vincent Lawrence and Sylvia Thalberg was based on a story by Jack Kirkland and Melville Baker. The film stars Gary Cooper Carole Lombard and Shirley Temple in a story about a criminal going straight for his child's sake. Temple sang The World Owes Me a Living. The film was critically well received. Temple adored Cooper who nicknamed her 'Wigglebritches' (Windeler 140).
 Risk is a 2007 Bollywood film directed by Vishram Sawant. It stars Randeep Hooda Vinod Khanna Tanushree Dutta Zakir Hussain Yashpal Sharma and Anant Jog in the lead roles. The movie is based on the Mumbai underworld. Randeep Hooda plays the role of an honest cop Suryakant Satam fighting against the might of a Bangkok-based don (crime lord) Khalid Bin Jamal played by Vinod Khanna.
 Kaleidoscope also known as Danielle Steel's Kaleidoscope is a 1990 made-for-TV romantic drama film directed by Jud Taylor. The film is based upon the 1987 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel.
 The Greatest Thing in Life was a 1918 American silent drama film about World War I directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish Robert Harron and David Butler. The film is now considered lost as no prints are known to exist. This film was released later in the same year as Griffith's more famous World War I film Hearts of the World which also stars Lillian Gish and Robert Harron.
 Ram Jaane (Devanagari: राम जाने Nastaliq: رام جانے translation: Ram Knows) is a 1995 Indian Bollywood Action Crime movie directed by Rajiv Mehra about an unnamed kid (portrayed by Shah Rukh Khan) who grows up to become a gangster. He uses the name Ram Jaane after meeting with a priest who in response to the kid asking about his name said Ram Jaane (God knows). It is the fourth time Shah Rukh Khan is playing a negative role after Baazigar Darr and Anjaam.
 Get That Man is a 1935 American drama film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet from a screenplay by Betty Burbridge. It stars Wallace Ford as Jack Kirkland a taxi driver who discovers he closely resembles of a murdered heir to a fortune. Ford also plays the murdered heir John Prescott.Due to a failure to renew copyright it is now in the public domain.
 Captive is a 1986 British-French film inspired by the Patty Hearst story.
 The Early Bird Catches the Worm (Italian: Il mattino ha l'oro in bocca) is a 2008 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Patierno. It is based on the autobiographical book Il giocatore (ogni scomessa e un debito) by Marco Baldini.
 The U Movie is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that describes the backpacking adventures of Alexander Reid and Thomas Douglas as they travel to the South Pacific in late September 2004.Theumovie won the Sir Edmund Hillary Award at the 2011 Mountain Film Festival and the Rising Star Award in Filmmaking at the 2011 Canada International Film Festival.
 Moby Dick is a television miniseries based on Herman Melville's 1851 novel of the same name produced by RHI Entertainment Tele München Gruppe and Gate Filmproduktion. Starring William Hurt as Captain Ahab it was directed by Mike Barker with a screenplay by Nigel Williams. The cast also includes Ethan Hawke as Starbuck Charlie Cox as Ishmael Eddie Marsan as Stubb Donald Sutherland as Father Mapple and Gillian Anderson as Ahab's wife Elizabeth.
 The Great Santini is a 1979 film which tells the story of a Marine officer whose success as an F-4 Phantom military aviator contrasts with his shortcomings as a husband and father. The film explores the high price of heroism and self-sacrifice.
 Las Hurdes: Tierra Sin Pan (1933) (English language: Land Without Bread or Unpromised Land) is a 27-minute-long documentary film (ethnofiction) directed by Luis Buñuel and co-produced by Buñuel and Ramon Acin. The narration was written by Buñuel Rafael Sanchez Ventura and Pierre Unik with cinematography by Eli Lotar.
 The Sons of Eilaboun (Arabic: أبناء عيلبون ) is a 2007 documentary film by Palestinian artist and film maker Hisham Zreiq (Zrake) that tells the story of the Nakba in Eilaboun and Eilabun massacre which was committed by the Israeli army during Operation Hiram in October 1948. The film tells the story of the Palestinian exodus of 1948 in Eilaboun a village in the Northern Galilee between Nazareth and the Sea of Galilee.
 Group Sex is an American comedy film written by Lawrence Trilling and Greg Grunberg. Trilling also directs while Grunberg co-stars alongside Josh Cooke and Odette Yustman
 Dharma Pathini is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Ameerjaan starring Karthik and Jeevitha
 For the song by Joey Powers see List of 1960s one-hit wonders in the United States.Midnight Mary is a 1933 film that reveals in flashbacks the hard life of a woman on trial for murder. It stars Loretta Young Ricardo Cortez and Franchot Tone.
 Pipe Dream is a 2002 romantic comedy film starring Mary-Louise Parker and Martin Donovan. The film was directed by John C. Walsh who previously wrote and directed the film Ed's Next Move.
 The Lucky Diamond (Italian: Lisetta) is a 1934 Italian comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 My Baby Is Missing is a made for television film which aired on Lifetime in 2007 and stars Gina Philips as a career-driven woman determined to prove that her newborn baby wasn't stillborn but stolen and sold.
 Nadodikattu (Malayalam: നാടോടിക്കാറ്റ്; lit. The Vagabond Wind) is a 1987 Indian Malayalam satirical comedy film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan based off a story by the Siddique-Lal duo. The story revolves around two impecunious young Indian men Ramdas (Mohanlal) and Vijayan (Sreenivasan) who not being able to find any job in Kerala plan to immigrate to Dubai to make their fortunes but get deceived and they end up in the neighbouring state of Tamil Nadu.
 The Marrying Man (known as Too Hot to Handle in the UK and Australia) is a 1991 romantic comedy film starring Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger. The film was directed by Jerry Rees and written by Neil Simon. The film opened to mixed and poor reviews with Basinger's performance in the film earning her a Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Worst Actress.
 Le Wazzou polygame (also known as Polygamic Wazzou or The Polygamist's Morale) is a 1971 Nigerien/French film about polygamy directed by and starring Oumarou Ganda. It was produced by Argos Films in France. It won the Grand Prize at the 1972 Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou and was the first official winner of that festival.
 Beau Geste is a 1939 Paramount Pictures action/adventure motion picture starring Gary Cooper Ray Milland Robert Preston Brian Donlevy and Susan Hayward.Directed and produced by William A. Wellman the screenplay was adapted by Robert Carson based on the 1924 novel of the same title by P. C. Wren.
 A Dangerous Toy (originally titled Il giocattolo) is a 1979 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It was co-produced by Sergio Leone. The toy of the title is a gun. The movie chronicles how a frustrated and shy accountant may become a cruel and ruthless executioner. For his role in this film Vittorio Mezzogiorno won the Silver Ribbon for Best Supporting Actor.
 Wild Boy is a 1934 British black-and-white comedy caper crime drama sports film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Ronald Shiner as Bit (uncredited) and Bud Flanagan as Dick Smith (auctioneer and bookmaker). It was produced by Gainsborough Pictures. Often forgotten but the role of Wild Boy was played by the legendary greyhound Mick the Miller.
 The Iron Mistress is a 1952 film starring Alan Ladd as Jim Bowie. It ends with his marriage to Ursula de Veramendi and does not deal with Bowie's death at the Battle of the Alamo.It was the first film Ladd made at Warner Bros after spending a decade at Paramount Pictures.
 7/7 Ripple Effect is a 57-minute homemade film produced and narrated under the anonymous pseudonym Muad'Dib later named by the BBC as conspiracy theorist John Hill.
 Bhai Amar Bhai is a 1996 Blockbuster Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Chiranjit Charaborty Abhishek Chatterjee Anushree Das Shubhendu Chattopadhyay Rozina in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Anupam Dutta
 An Officer and a Gentleman is a 1982 American drama film that tells the story of a U.S. Navy aviation officer candidate who comes into conflict with the Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant who is the drill instructor training him and his class at Aviation Officer Candidate School. It was written by Douglas Day Stewart and directed by Taylor Hackford.
 The Brute (Spanish: El Bruto) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Buñuel and starring Pedro Armendáriz and Katy Jurado.
 The Suspended Vocation (French: La vocation suspendue) is a 1978 French drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It is an adaptation of the 1950 novel of the same name by Pierre Klossowski.
 Betrayal of the Dove is a 1993 American suspense film starring Helen Slater Billy Zane and Heather Lind in a screenplay co-written by actor-turned-scribe Robby Benson.
 The News is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Shaji Kailas and produced by G.R.Sureshkumar starring Suresh Gopi Ranjini Lizy and Babu Antony. This is the debut release of Shaji Kailas.
 A Place to Call Home is a 1987 TV film about Liz Gavin and her eleven children.
 Saaz is a Hindi movie produced and directed by Sai Paranjpye and released in 1998 starring Aruna Irani and Shabana Azmi in lead roles. The plot is allegedly based on the life of legendary singing sisters of Bollywood Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. In an interview after the release of the film Asha said Its not true at all. To have two women in long plaits take a couple of incidents and exaggerate them into a 3-hour film is such a waste of time.
 Istanbul Beneath My Wings (Original Turkish title: İstanbul Kanatlarımın Altında) is a 1996 Turkish film written and directed by Mustafa Altıoklar. It is a dramatization of Hezarfen Ahmet Çelebi's reported flight across the Bosphorus from Galata.
 Kuhle Wampe (full title: Kuhle Wampe oder: Wem gehört die Welt? released in English as Kuhle Wampe or Who Owns the World?) is a 1932 German feature film about unemployment and left wing politics in the Weimar Republic. The script was conceived and written by Bertolt Brecht. He also directed the concluding scene: a political debate between strangers on a train about the world coffee market. The rest of the film was directed by Slatan Dudow. The film music was composed by Hanns Eisler.
 Come Rain Come Shine (Hangul: 사랑한다 사랑하지 않는다; RR: Saranghanda Saranghaji Anneunda; literally I Love You I Love You Not) is a 2011 South Korean film by Lee Yoon-ki. A young woman (Im Soo-jung) informs her husband of five years (Hyun Bin) that she is leaving him for another man but the husband remains calm and even helps her pack. The experimental film traces in real-time parts of their last three hours together while the wife prepares to move out.
 Someone Else's America is a 1995 drama film directed by Goran Paskaljević.
 Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette based on stories from the Winnie-the-Pooh books by A. A. Milne. The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20 1968 before The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit. This was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts. It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh. The music was written by Richard M.
 Zila Ghaziabad is a 2013 Bollywood political action thriller film directed by Anand Kumar. It is produced by Vinod Bachan and presented by Mohammed Fasih & Bharat Shah. The film features Arshad Warsi Vivek Oberoi Sanjay Dutt Charmy Kaur Ravi Kishan Paresh Rawal and Sunil Grover in lead roles amongst others. It was released on 22 February 2013. Upon release the film received mixed reviews with a poor response at the box office.
 Noise and Resistance is a German documentary. The film follows the European DIY punk music scene. The directors enter the centres of a vivid and vibrant a rebellious and self-conscious scene.
 Older Brother Younger Sister (あにいもうと Ani Imōto) is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mikio Naruse.
 Bureau of Missing Persons is a 1933 American drama film with comic overtones directed by Roy Del Ruth. The screenplay by Robert Presnell is based on a story by Carol Bird adapted from the book Missing Men by former New York City police captain John H. Ayers.
 Tad's Swimming Hole is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by King Vidor.
 The Mistake is a 1913 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Shackleton is a 2002 British television film written and directed by Charles Sturridge and starring Kenneth Branagh as explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton. The film tells the true story of Shackleton's 1914 Antarctic expedition on the ship Endurance. The cast includes Kevin McNally Lorcan Cranitch Embeth Davidtz Danny Webb Matt Day and Phoebe Nicholls (also the director's wife) as Lady Shackleton. It was filmed in the UK Iceland and Greenland.
 Dragon Fire is a 1993 martial arts film set in a dystopian Los Angeles in the year 2050. It is notable for heavily using actual kickboxing champions for the actors.
 The Rocket Post is a 2004 British drama film directed by Stephen Whittaker and starring Ulrich Thomsen Shauna Macdonald Kevin McKidd and Patrick Malahide. It is set on a remote Scottish island during the late 1930s. The arrival of German rocket scientist Gerhard Zucker is not initially welcomed by the inhabitants of the island. The film was shot in 2001 but its release was delayed by several years.
 Tattoo is a 2002 German film directed by Robert Schwentke.
 Sorry (ごめん) aka Gomen is a 2002 Japanese film by director Shin Togashi. It is a coming of age drama about the confusion of first love set in Kyoto and Osaka Japan. It was the debut feature for many of the child actors including the leads Masahiro Hisano (Sei) and Yukika Sakuratani (Nao) and the second film by director Togashi.
 The Leopardess is a lost 1923 silent film South Seas melodrama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Henry Kolker and starred Alice Brady in her next to last silent film.
 Back to the Future Part III is a 1990 American science fiction comedy Western film. It is the third and final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. The film was directed by Robert Zemeckis and starred Michael J. Fox Christopher Lloyd Mary Steenburgen Thomas F. Wilson and Lea Thompson. The film takes place immediately after the events of Back to the Future Part II. While stranded in 1955 during his time travel adventures Marty McFly (Fox) discovers that his friend Dr.
 A Tale of Two Cities was a 1946 propaganda/documentary film about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki produced by the Army-Navy Screen Magazine.The film chronologically and for the most part neutrally[citation needed] describes the testing and the use of the atomic bombs impact on Hiroshima describing where the bomb was actually dropped and the damage done to military industrial targets as well as noting which edifices sustained less damage like those built with reinforced concrete. 
 Panoptikum 59 is a 1959 Austrian drama film directed by Walter Kolm-Veltée. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Miracle of Father Malachia (German: Das Wunder des Malachias) is a 1961 West German black-and-white film directed by Bernhard Wicki and starring Horst Bollmann. The film is based on the 1938 novel Father Malachy's Miracle by Bruce Marshall and tells the story of a supposed miracle in a West German town that is soon exploited and sensationalized by the media and profiteers.
 Silent Witness is a 1985 television film directed by Michael Miller. The film is based on a true rape case in Massachusetts.
 Sweetwater (released as Sweet Vengeance in the UK) is a 2013 American thriller western film directed by Logan Miller and co-written with Andrew McKenzie and Noah Miller. The film stars Ed Harris January Jones Jason Isaacs Eduardo Noriega Stephen Root and Jason Aldean.
 Nagavalli is a 2010 Telugu horror and drama film directed by P. Vasu and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. It is a remake of the Kannada movie Aptharakshaka and a sequel to the 2004 Kannada film Apthamithra and its remake the 2005 Tamil film Chandramukhi both directed by Vasu which was dubbed and released in Telugu which itself is a remake of the 1993 Malayalam film Manichitrathazhu.
 You Again is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Andy Fickman and written by Moe Jelline. The film stars Kristen Bell Jamie Lee Curtis Sigourney Weaver Odette Yustman and Betty White. The film was released September 24 2010 and on Blu-ray and DVD on February 8 2011.
 Nico and Dani (Spanish: Krámpack) is a 2000 Spanish film about the sexual awakening of two teenagers as one comes to terms with his homosexuality and the other with his heterosexuality.
 It Waits is a 2005 American horror film directed by Steven R. Monroe and starring Cerina Vincent Dominic Zamprogna and Greg Kean. Written by Richard Christian Matheson Thomas E. Szollosi and Stephen J. Cannell the film is about a female forest ranger who encounters a terrible creature who has been killing people in the remote national forest where she works. When the creature attacks her isolated ranger station and kills her forest ranger boyfriend she goes after the creature.
 Ayaash is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shakti Samanta. It stars Sanjeev Kumar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 Jayne Mansfield's Car is a 2012 drama film directed by Billy Bob Thornton marking his first directing job since 2001's Daddy and Them. Thornton also stars alongside Robert Duvall John Hurt Kevin Bacon Ray Stevenson Frances O'Connor Ron White and Robert Patrick. The film had its world premiere at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012.
 Alvin and the Chipmunks is a live-action/computer-animated film series based on the characters of the same name created by Ross Bagdasarian. The films are produced by Janice Karman & Ross Bagdasarian and released by 20th Century Fox. Live-action roles include Jason Lee and David Cross while the voice-over roles include Justin Long Matthew Gray Gubler and Jesse McCartney.
 The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is a 2007 American western drama film written and directed by Andrew Dominik. Adaptated from Ron Hansen's 1983 novel of the same name the film dramatizes the relationship between James (Brad Pitt) and his killer Ford (Casey Affleck) and to everything in between.Filming took place in Edmonton Alberta; Winnipeg Manitoba; and Grafton Utah.
 Lidice is a 2011 Czech drama film produced by Adam Dvořák from a screenplay by Zdenek Mahler. It was initially directed by Alice Nellis but after she contracted Lyme disease (borreliosis) Petr Nikolaev took over. It tells a story involving the Nazi massacre at—and destruction of—the Czech village of Lidice. It was released in June 2011.The budget of the film was around 65-70 million Kč (around US $4 million).
 Dead End is a 1937 crime drama film. It is an adaptation of the Sidney Kingsley 1935 Broadway play of the same name. It stars Humphrey Bogart Joel McCrea and Sylvia Sidney. It is notable as being the first film appearance of the Dead End Kids.
 Lucinda's Spell is an American fantasy film starring Christina Fulton Jon Jacobs and written and directed by Jon Jacobs.
 Rapid Fire is a 1992 American action film directed by Dwight H. Little and starring Brandon Lee Powers Boothe and Nick Mancuso. The film was released in the United States on August 21 1992.Lee was reportedly in talks with 20th Century Fox about making Rapid Fire 2 prior to his death. School scenes were filmed at Occidental College in Los Angeles. Many of the fight scenes were orchestrated by Lee which contain elements of his father Bruce Lee's Jeet Kune Do fighting style.
 Hope Springs is a 2003 romantic-comedy film based on the novel New Cardiff by Charles Webb known for his novel The Graduate. An English painter Colin (played by Colin Firth) comes to the town of Hope Vermont in the United States after a traumatic experience. It is there that he meets Mandy (Heather Graham) a nursing home worker who helps him get over the breakup between him and Vera (Minnie Driver).
 Coyote Trails is a 1935 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.
 Il mulino del Po (internationally released as The Mill on the Po) is a 1949 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is based on the novel with the same name by Riccardo Bacchelli.
 The Love Transcendent is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Baby Carriage (乳母車 Ubaguruma) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Tomotaka Tasaka.
 Unnudan (English: 'With you') is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Balu and produced by Aroma Mani. The film featured Murali alongside Kausalya while Vivek and Manivannan play supporting roles. The project saw the director and cast come together after the success of their previous film Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga (1997). The film which had music composed by Deva opened in October 1998.
 Frontier Marshal is a 1934 western film directed by Lewis Seiler and starring George O'Brien. Produced by Fox Film and Sol M. Wurtzel the film is the first based on Stuart N. Lake's enormously popular but largely fictitious biography of Wyatt Earp Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal.
 Yūgure made (夕暮まで) is a 1980 Japanese film directed by Kazuo Kuroki.
 Goldie Gets Along (also known as Beautifully Trimmed) is a 1933 film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring by Lili Damita and Charles Morton. The screenplay was wtitten by William A. Drake based on novel by Hawthorne Hurst.
 Un Oso Rojo (Red Bear or A Red Bear) is a 2002 Argentine Spanish and French drama film directed by Israel Adrián Caetano.The film was produced by Lita Stantic and the screenplay was written by Caetano and Graciela Speranza from the story penned by Romina Lafranchini. The picture features Julio Chávez Soledad Villamil Luis Machín and Agostina Lage among others.
 9500 Liberty is a 2009 documentary film about the struggle over immigration in Prince William County Virginia. It was directed by Annabel Park and Eric Byler.The film chronicles an eight-week period wherein an Arizona-style immigration crackdown was implemented and quickly repealed.
 ZTS: State of Entropy is a 2002 Australian drama film directed by Stefanos Stefanidis.
 Chisum is a 1970 Warner Bros. Technicolor Western film starring John Wayne.The large cast also includes Forrest Tucker Christopher George Ben Johnson Glenn Corbett Geoffrey Deuel Andrew Prine Bruce Cabot Patric Knowles and Richard Jaeckel.Directed by Andrew V. McLaglen it was adapted for the screen by Andrew J.
 Earthquake in New York is an American television movie that aired on Fox Family Channel on Sunday October 11 1998 from 8:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. ET. The film's tagline was In a city torn apart a family comes together.
 Maxime is a 1958 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil who co-wrote screenplay with Henri Jeanson and Albert Valentin. It based on novel by Henri Duvernois. The film stars Michèle Morgan Charles Boyer Arletty and Jane Marken.It tells the story of an ageing roue a rich man and a lovely woman.
 Eagle Eye is a 2008 American action thriller film directed by D. J. Caruso and starring Shia LaBeouf Michelle Monaghan and Billy Bob Thornton. LaBeouf and Monaghan portray a young man and a single mother who are brought together and coerced by an anonymous caller (Julianne Moore) into carrying out a plan by a possible terrorist organization. The film was released in regular 35 mm theaters and IMAX theaters.
 Hôtel des Amériques (English: Hotel America) is a 1981 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Catherine Deneuve and Patrick Dewaere. The film set in Biarritz tells the ill fated romance of mismatched lovers. This is the first of several collaborations between Téchiné and Deneuve who became his favorite actress.
 Altissima pressione (Highest Pressure) is a 1965 Italian musicarello film directed by Enzo Trapani.
 A Kentucky Cinderella is a 1917 silent film adapted from an 1898 short story by Francis Hopkinson Smith.The film was directed by Rupert Julian and featured Julian and Ruth Clifford and a cast including child actress Zoe Rae. It was released by Bluebird Photoplays a subsidiary of Universal Studios in June 1917.
 The Secret Heart is a 1946 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring Claudette Colbert Walter Pidgeon and June Allyson.
 Chanthupottu is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose written by Benny P. Nayarambalam and produced by Lal. The story is about a man named Radhakrishnan (Dileep) who was brought up like a girl by his grandmother. This film was a super hit at the box office.
 Jaan Ki Kasam is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sushil Malik and produced by Javed Riaz. It stars Krishna and Saathi Ganguly in pivotal roles.
 Chōchin (ちょうちん) is a 1987 Japanese film directed by Shunichi Kajima.
 1 Day is a 2009 British crime film about gun life in inner city Birmingham. The story follows Flash as he attempts to get £100000 to his boss Angel in less than 24 hours or face certain death.
 The Seniors (sometimes The Senior or simply Seniors) is a 1978 comedy film about four college seniors who open a bogus sex clinic which unexpectedly mushrooms into a multi-million dollar business. The films features Dennis Quaid in one of his earliest roles and Alan Reed (the original voice of Fred Flintstone) in his final film appearance.
 Kinshasa palace is a 2007 film.
 A Closed Book is a 2010 British film based on the novel of the same name by Gilbert Adair about a blind author who employs an assistant to help him write his novels. Throughout the film the assistant starts to play crueler and crueler tricks on her employer. The film is directed by Raúl Ruiz and stars Daryl Hannah as assistant Jane Ryder and Tom Conti as author Sir Paul. A Closed Book was filmed at Knebworth House in the UK.
 Liolà is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti. It is based on Liolà a comedy play by Luigi Pirandello.
 Suzaki Paradise: Akashingō (洲崎パラダイス　赤信号 Suzaki paradaisu Akashingō) aka Suzaki Paradise Red Light is a 1956 black and white Japanese film drama directed by Yuzo Kawashima.
 Alias Flequillo is a 1963 black-and-white Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni and written by Abel Santacruz. The film starred José Marrone and Inés Moreno.
 Sankeertana is a 1987 Telugu-language film starring Nagarjuna Akkineni and Ramya Krishna.
 Hridoyer Bandhon also (Bengali: হৃদয়ের বন্ধন) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Bangladeshi famous film director F I Manik. Written with produced by Mosharaf Hossain Tula. The film released was 2001 in an Eid. It is a fully love with family drama based film. Stars Riaz Shabnur Amin Khan Keya Wasimul Bari Rajib Anowara. The film gets a great popularity of the all categories film viewers in Bangladesh.
 The Isle of Love is a 1922 recut of a 1918 silent drama film Over the Rhine starring female impersonator Julian Eltinge. The film also contained two actors unknown during filming: Virginia Rappe and Rudolph Valentino. The film went through various recuts and rereleases during the 1920s and is generally known for its cast.
 Wild Papa is a 1925 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Sensitività (internationally released as The House by the Edge of the Lake also known as Diabla) is a 1979 Italian horror film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. The film was re-edited ten years after with the title Kyra La signora del lago (Kyra the Lady of the Lake). The director Castellari defined that film as an awful horror film with a very low cost budget.
 Cold Blooded is a 2012 crime film written and directed by Jason Lapeyre. The film stars Ryan Robbins Zoie Palmer William MacDonald Sergio Di Zio and Huse Madhavji. The film tells the story of a female police officer assigned to guard a diamond thief overnight in a hospital when his violent partners break into the hospital to get him.
 Gone Girl is an upcoming American mystery-thriller film based on the 2012 novel of same name written by Gillian Flynn who also wrote the screenplay for the film. It is directed by David Fincher and stars Ben Affleck Rosamund Pike and Neil Patrick Harris. The film is scheduled for release on October 3 2014. Flynn has stated that the film will deviate from the novel and the story won't be told in the same way.
 Anumanaspadam (Telugu: అనుమానాస్పదం) is a 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Vamsi. Aryan Rajesh plays the lead role. The film released on 10 February 2007.
 Flashback is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Raffaele Andreassi. The film received many awards; Globo d'oro Grolla Silver premium (Saint Vincent) Award of Tourism & Entertainment and Silverstar Festival San Francisco. It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Palm. At the festival the film received standing ovations.
 Angel Esquire is a 1919 British silent crime film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Aurelio Sidney Gertrude McCoy and Dick Webb. It was based on the 1908 novel Angel Esquire by Edgar Wallace. A millionaire leaves his fortune to whoever can discover the combination to unlock his safe.
 A Serpentine Dance (French: Danse Serpentine) was an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 44 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Run Papa Run (traditional Chinese: 一個好爸爸; simplified Chinese: 一个好爸爸; pinyin: Yi gè hǎo ba ba; Cantonese Yale: Yat kor ho ba ba) is a 2008 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed and co-written by Sylvia Chang and based on a novel by Benny Li. It was produced by JCE Movies Limited with Jackie Chan serving as an executive producer.
 Nallavan is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian film directed by SP. Muthuraman and produced by Kalaipuli S. Thanu starring Vijayakanth Radhika and M. N. Nambiar
 Countess Kitchenmaid (German: Gräfin Küchenfee) is a 1918 Gemran silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten Heinrich Schroth and Martin Lübbert. While her mistress is away on an adulterous adventure a young maid takes her place to convince a visiting dignitary that she is there with the other servants impersonating aristocrats.
 The Emperor Waltz (German: Ich küsse Ihre Hand Madame) is a 1948 American musical film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Bing Crosby and Joan Fontaine. Written by Wilder and Charles Brackett the film is about a brash American gramophone salesman in Austria at the turn of the twentieth century who tries to convince Emperor Franz Joseph to buy a gramophone so the product will gain favor with the Austrian people.
 Welcome Back is an upcoming Bollywood comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala Co Producer : F M KHAN (Swiss Entertainment Pvt Ltd) It is a sequel to the 2007 comedy Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Nana Patekar and Anil Kapoor reprising their roles of Uday Shankar Shetty and Majnu Bhai respectively from the prequel along with Paresh Rawal while John Abraham and Shruti Haasan are new additions to the cast. The filming began in August 2013.
 Son of the Bride (Spanish: El hijo de la novia) is a 2001 Argentine comedy drama film directed by Juan José Campanella and written by Campanella and Fernando Castets. The executive producers were Juan Vera and Juan Pablo Galli and it was produced by Adrián Suar. It stars Ricardo Darín Héctor Alterio Norma Aleandro Eduardo Blanco and Natalia Verbeke.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 The Phantom is a 1943 classic Columbia Pictures cliffhanger serial starring Tom Tyler in the title role. The serial is based on Lee Falk's comic strip The Phantom. The serial also features Jeanne Bates as the Phantom's girlfriend Diana Palmer and Ace the Wonder Dog as the Phantom's trusty German shepherd Devil (who is a wolf in the original comic).
 Dragon Eye Congee: A Dream of Love (龍眼粥 / 龙眼粥) is a 2005 romance film set in the 1960s. Produced by the respected veteran of Taiwan film Lee Hsing and directed by award-winning young director Allen Chang this romance film stars Singapore's Fann Wong Hong Kong's Shaun Tam and Taiwan's Ivy Yin Hsin.
 The Harvest Shall Come is a 1942 British documentary film about agricultural work between 1900 and World War II using the story of a farm laborer to illustrate the importance of agriculture and the importance of supporting workers in this occupation. The film produced by Basil Wright and directed by Max Anderson received excellent reviews.
 Before Flying Back to the Earth (originally released in Lithuania as Prieš parskrendant į žemę in 2005) is the first feature-length documentary film by the Lithuanian film director Arūnas Matelis. In a lyrical yet unsentimental fashion it shows the lives of children hospitalized with leukemia in Vilnius Pediatric Hospital - the same place where Matelis' daughter had battled and recovered from this disease some time before the start of production.
 Sköna juveler is a 1984 Swedish film directed by Hans Iveberg.
 Detective Conan: Quarter of Silence (名探偵コナン 沈黙の15分 Meitantei Konan: Chinmoku no Kwōtā) is the 15th film installment of the manga and anime series Detective Conan. The film was released on April 16 2011. This film celebrates the fifteenth anniversary of the anime. Magic File 2011 ties in with the movie and was released on the same day as the films premiere.
 O Homem do Futuro (English: The Man from the Future) is a 2011 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Cláudio Torres. The film stars Wagner Moura and Alinne Moraes.
 Taylor Chain I & II are a pair of documentary films produced by Kartemquin FIlms that first examine a seven-week workers' strike at a Hammond Indiana chain manufacturing plant and then follow the collective bargaining process of the same plant one decade later.
 Rio Rita is a 1942 comedy film starring Abbott and Costello. It was based upon the 1927 Flo Ziegfeld Broadway musical which was previously made into a 1929 film also titled Rio Rita that starred the comedy team of Wheeler & Woolsey. Kathryn Grayson (in her first starring picture) and John Carroll replace the 1929 version's Bebe Daniels and John Boles.
 Gambling Ship is a 1933 American drama film starring Cary Grant and directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Max Marcin. The film's title refers to a gambling ship a ship which was anchored off-coast in international waters outside government control on which people could play casino games.
 Sex Lives of the Potato Men is a British comedy film released in 2004. It is known as one of the worst films ever made.The film is about the sexual antics of a group of potato delivery men in Birmingham and stars Johnny Vegas and Mackenzie Crook.
 Dhoom (Hindi: धूम Blast) is an Indian buddy-cop action thriller film series. The films revolve around Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) an Assistant Commissioner of Police and his sidekick Ali Akbar (Uday Chopra) who attempt to capture wanted professional thieves. In an ode to common practice the plot is often heavily influenced by the antagonist.
 The Rat is a 1925 British silent film drama directed by Graham Cutts and starring Ivor Novello Mae Marsh and Isabel Jeans. The film is based on a play written by Novello and Constance Collier set in the Parisian criminal underworld. The film's louche settings and melodramatic storyline proved popular with audiences and its success spawned two sequels The Triumph of the Rat (1926) and The Return of the Rat (1929).
 Dehorokkhi (English: Bodyguard) is a Bangladeshi action film directed by Iftakar Chowdhury. The film was produced by Fatman Films. Dehorokkhi is an action based triangle romantic Film. Dehorokkhi is one of the most expensive films of Dhallywood.[citation needed] The film featured Eamin Haque Bobby Anisur Rahman Milon (Anti Hero) Kazi Maruf and Shiva Shanu. The film marks 55 years of Bangladeshi film industry. Dehorokkhi was released on 100 screens.
 African Jim also known as Jim Comes to Jo'burg is a 1949 South African film directed by Donald Swanson and produced by Eric Rutherford. It featured Daniel Adnewmah Dolly Rathebe The African Inkspots Sam Maile and Dan Twala.
 Magudam is a 1992 Tamil drama film written and directed by Prathap Pothan. It stars Sathyaraj Bhanupriya and Gouthami in the lead roles.
 The White Roses of Ravensberg (German: Die weißen Rosen von Ravensberg) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Diana Karenne Viola Garden and Jack Trevor. It was based on the 1887 novel The White Roses of Ravensberg by Eufemia von Adlersfeld-Ballestrem which had previously been made into a film in 1919.
 Caribbean Gold is a 1952 American pirate film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring John Payne Arlene Dahl and Cedric Hardwicke. It is based on the novel Carib Gold by Ellery Clark. It is known by the alternative title Caribbean.It earned an estimated $1.4 million at the US box office in 1952.It has played uncut in restored technicolor on the original incarnation of the American Movie Classics channel in the 1990s.The cinematography was by Lionel Lindon.
 Ek Aur Ek Gyarah (English translation: 1+1=11 literally as One and one eleven) (2003) is an Indian film by comedic director David Dhawan. This movie stars the comedic veterans Govinda and Sanjay Dutt.
 Robert and Bertram (German: Robert und Bertram) is a 1928 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Harry Liedtke Fritz Kampers and Elizza La Porta. It is based on the 1856 Gustav Räder play Robert and Bertram about the adventures of two wandering vagrants.
 Panjaa (Telugu: పంజా; Claw) is a 2011 Indian Telugu action-musical film directed by Vishnuvardhan starring Pawan Kalyan. The film jointly produced by Arka Media Works and Sanghamitra Art Productions also stars Sarah-Jane Dias Anjali Lavania Jackie Shroff and Sesh Adivi while featuring music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography handled by P. S. Vinod. It was later dubbed in Hindi as Jaandaar. Panjaa was the fastest 100 crore club in 2011
 Nancy Wake is a 1987 mini series about the exploits of Nancy Wake during World War Two.
 December Boys is an Australian 2007 drama film directed by Rod Hardy and written by Marc Rosenberg and adapted from the 1963 novel of the same name by Michael Noonan. It was released on 14 September 2007 in the UK and US and 20 September 2007 in Australia. December Boys is Daniel Radcliffe's first non-Harry Potter film role since 2001's The Tailor of Panama.
 So This Is New York is a 1948 satirical movie comedy starring acerbic radio and television comedian Henry Morgan and directed by Richard Fleischer. The cynically sophisticated screenplay was written by Carl Foreman and Herbert Baker from the 1920 novel The Big Town by Ring Lardner.
 36 Deadly Styles is a 1980 independent released martial arts film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Jack Long Mark Long and Hwang Jang Lee.
 Gyokairui Yamaoka Maiko (魚介類　山岡マイコ) is a 2011 Japanese fantasy film. The film was directed by Ryūtarō Kajino and it stars idols Uki Satake and Cocoro Takami.Gyokairui Yamaoka Maiko made its international debut at the 2011 Yubari International Film Festival. It was subsequently released in Japanese cinemas on 22 October 2011.
 Stark Raving Mad is a film produced by A Band Apart about a heist pulled during a rave. The film was directed and written by Drew Daywalt and David Schneider. It stars Seann William Scott Lou Diamond Phillips Timm Sharp Patrick Breen John B. Crye Monet Mazur Suzy Nakamura C. Ernst Harth and Dave Foley. The movie featured soundtrack by John Digweed.
 Kashi From Village is a 2005 Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash featuring Sudeep and Rakshita in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Koti and lyrics by K. Kalyan. The film released on 1 April 2005.
 Hobson's Choice is a 1954 romantic comedy film directed by David Lean. It is based on the play of the same name by Harold Brighouse. It stars Charles Laughton in the role of Victorian bootmaker Henry Hobson Brenda De Banzie as his eldest daughter and John Mills as a timid employee. The film also features Prunella Scales in one of her first roles as another daughter.Hobson's Choice won the British Academy Film Award for Best British Film 1954.
 Rendavathu Padam (Tamil: ரெண்டாவது படம்; English: Second Film) is an upcoming Tamil film written and directed by C. S. Amudhan. The film stars Vimal Aravind Akash Richard along with Vijayalakshmi. The team has completed the shooting.
 The Chase is a 1946 American black and white film noir directed by Arthur Ripley. The screenplay written by Philip Yordan is based on the Cornell Woolrich novel The Black Path of Fear.
 Quality of Life also known as Against the Wall is a 2004 drama film about the story of two graffiti writers in the Mission District of San Francisco. Directed by Benjamin Morgan Quality of Life stars Lane Garrison Brian Burnam Luis Saguar and Mackenzie Firgens. Morgan co-wrote the screenplay with Burnam who is a former graffiti writer.
 Blood Ties (还魂; Taiwan name:頭七還魂夜) is a Singaporean film in Chinese directed by Chai Yee Wei and released in 2009.
 Chasing Legends is a documentary film covering the events of the 2009 Tour de France from the perspective of Team Columbia-High Road. It premiered at the cinema in May 2010 in the US and October 2010 in the UK.
 Drake of England is a 1935 British drama film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Matheson Lang Athene Seyler and Jane Baxter. It depicts the life of Francis Drake and the events leading up to the defeat of the Armada in 1588.
 Ullathai Allitha is 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by Sundar C. The film starred Karthik Goundamani and Rambha in the lead roles. Which is a remake of hindi Movie Andaz Apna Apna. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Sirpi. The film was a super hit at the box office. The film released on January 15 1996 and received positive reviews from the critics and audience.
 R-Point (Hangul: 알 포인트) is a 2004 Korean horror film written and directed by Kong Su-chang and starring Kam Woo-sung and Son Byung-ho. It is set in 1972 Vietnam during the Vietnam War. However most of the movie was shot in Cambodia. Bokor Hill Station plays a prominent part of the movie in this case doubling as a colonial French plantation.
 The Enchanted Forest is a 1945 family film starring Harry Davenport as a hermit who finds and raises a young boy in a forest. The film and story served as the inspiration for a 1998 music composition/recording Enchanted Forest by Loren Connors and Suzanne Langille. It was filmed in Cinecolor and released by Producers Releasing Corporation.
 Faccia a faccia (Spanish title: Cara a cara English title: Face to Face) is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western film written and directed by Sergio Sollima. The film stars Gian Maria Volonté and Tomas Milian and features a musical score by Ennio Morricone.Faccia a faccia is the second of Sollima's three westerns following La resa dei conti (The Big Gundown) and predating Corri uomo corri (Run Man Run!) a sequel to La resa dei conti. Milian stars in a lead role in all three films.
 The Colt is a 2005 television movie made for Hallmark Channel. The film is set during the American Civil War and is based on the short story (Жеребёнок Zherebyonok) by Nobel Prize winner Mikhail Sholokhov.
 Voodoo Tiger (1952) is the ninth Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures. It features Johnny Weissmuller in his ninth performance as the protagonist adventurer Jungle Jim and James Seay as the film's antagonist. The film was directed by Spencer G. Bennet and written by Samuel Newman.The film centres on Jungle Jim battling a team of art thieves in an African jungle inhabited by tiger god worshippers. The film was theatrically released in the United States in November 1952.
 Adhinayak (Assamese: অধিনায়ক English: Captain) is an Assamese language film directed by Jatin Bora. The film is the directorial debut of Jatin Bora who himself plays the protagonist. The film was released on February 17 2006 simultaneously at Tezpur Nagaon and Dhemaji.
 Just Cause is a 1995 suspense crime thriller film directed by Arne Glimcher and starring Sean Connery and Laurence Fishburne. It is based on John Katzenbach's novel of the same name.
 Welcome or No Trespassing (Russian: Добро пожаловать или Посторонним вход воспрещён; translit. Dobro pozhalovat ili Postoronnim vkhod vospreshchyon) is a Soviet movie by Elem Klimov made in 1964. It is a satirical comedy about the excessive restrictions that children face during their vacation in a Young Pioneer camp imposed by their masters. Most of actors are children while the main protagonist is the director Dynin played by Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev.
 Dead Men Don't Make Shadows aka Stranger That Kneels Beside the Shadow of a Corpse (in original Italian: Inginocchiati straniero... I cadaveri non fanno ombra!) is a 1970 spaghetti western directed by Demofilo Fidani.
 Treasure Island is a 1934 film adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson’s famous 1883 novel Treasure Island. Jim Hawkins (Jackie Cooper) discovers a treasure map and travels on a sailing ship to a remote island but pirates led by Long John Silver (Wallace Beery) threaten to take away the honest seafarers’ riches and lives.
 Mrs. Parkington is a 1944 drama film. It tells the story of a woman's life told in flashbacks from hotel maid to society matron. The movie was adapted by Polly James and Robert Thoeren from the novel by Louis Bromfield. It was directed by Tay Garnett and starred Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon.
 Easy Virtue is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Isabel Jeans Franklin Dyall and Ian Hunter. The movie is loosely based on the 1924 play Easy Virtue by Noël Coward. It was made at the Islington Studios in London. The film's art direction is by Clifford Pember.
 Free Wheeling is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 117th (29th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 Force 10 from Navarone is a 1978 British produced war film loosely based on Alistair MacLean's 1968 novel of the same name. It is a sequel to the 1961 film The Guns of Navarone. The parts of Mallory and Miller are played by Robert Shaw and Edward Fox succeeding the roles originally portrayed by Gregory Peck and David Niven. It was directed by Guy Hamilton and also stars Harrison Ford Carl Weathers Barbara Bach Franco Nero and Richard Kiel.
 Law and Lead is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet! (French: Vous n'avez encore rien vu) is a 2012 French-German film directed by Alain Resnais and loosely based on two plays by Jean Anouilh. The film was shown in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mangudi Minor is a Tamil film is directed by V.C.Gunanathan.Vijayakumar played the lead role and Rajinikanth acted as villain in this film.
 The Big Heart of Girls (Italian: Il cuore grande delle ragazze) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati.
 The Wizzard of Krudd is an animated short created by Greg Miller and Mike Stern that was originally piloted for Nickelodeon for a full-length series but was dropped in which the series had aired in YouTube giving it internet fame.The film features the voices of Devon Workheiser James Arnold Taylor Jeff Bennett and Clive Reville.
 The Defector is a 1966 thriller film starring Montgomery Clift Roddy McDowell and Macha Meril. It was directed by Belgian director/producer Raoul Lévy and based on the 1965 novel L'espion by Paul Thomas.
 Beautiful Sunday (Hangul: 뷰티풀 선데이; RR: Butipeul Seondei) is a 2007 South Korean crime drama film.
 Wicked Stepmother is a 1989 American comedy film written produced and directed by Larry Cohen. It is best known for being the last film of Bette Davis who withdrew from the project after filming began citing major problems with the script and the way she was being photographed. Cohen later claimed she really dropped out due to ill health but avoided publicizing the truth for fear it would affect potential future employment. The actress died a few months after the film was released.
 I Wish (奇跡 Kiseki Lit: Miracle) is a 2011 Japanese film written and directed by Hirokazu Koreeda. This film stars real-life brothers Koki Maeda and Oshiro Maeda along with veteran actress Kirin Kiki and actor Joe Odagiri.I Wish tells the story of two young brothers who live separated in different cities and dream of reuniting.
 Wetlands (German: Feuchtgebiete) is a 2013 German drama film directed by David Wnendt. It is based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Charlotte Roche. The film premiered in International competition at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival on August 11 2013.The film later premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014.
 Sasurbari Zindabad (English: Three Cheers for the In-laws) is a Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rituparna Sengupta. It created a box-office record by becoming the highest grossing Bengali film ever at that point of time when it released in the year 2000.
 See The Warlord for the comic.The War Lord is a 1965 American film about Medieval warfare in 11th century England starring Charlton Heston and directed by Franklin J. Schaffner. It is an adaptation of the play The Lovers by Leslie Stevens.
 A Sunday in Hell (original title: En Forårsdag i Helvede) is a 1976 Danish documentary film directed by Jørgen Leth. The film is a chronology of the 1976 Paris–Roubaix bicycle race from the perspective of participants organizers and spectators.Paris–Roubaix is the most famous and usually the most dramatic of the spring classics. Much of the latter portion is over narrow cobbled tracks that choke with dust on dry days and become slick and muddy in rain.
 Thieves and Liars (Spanish: Ladrones y mentirosos) is a 2006 Puerto Rican film directed by Ricardo Méndez Matta. It was Puerto Rico's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Everything Goes is a 2004 short film directed by Andrew Kotatko. It is based on the short story Why Don't You Dance? from Raymond Carver's collection What We Talk About When We Talk About Love. The film stars Hugo Weaving Abbie Cornish and Sullivan Stapleton. Everything Goes won the award for Best Short Film at the 2004 Inside Film Awards and was the only Australian film selected for the prestigious Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival in 2005.
 The Annunciation of Marie is the English-language title of the 1991 critically acclaimed French-Canadian film L'Annonce faite à Marie an adaptation of the play of the same name by Paul Claudel.
 Urban Safari is a 1996 Swiss comedy film directed by Reto Salimbeni starring David Naughton.
 Oh What a Night is a 1992 drama film starring Corey Haim and Barbara Williams.
 Cattle Queen of Montana is a 1954 American Western film starring Barbara Stanwyck and Ronald Reagan. The supporting cast includes Jack Elam Chubby Johnson and Morris Ankrum and the movie was directed by Allan Dwan.
 Do Lachhian (Punjabi: ਦੋ ਲੱਛੀਆਂ) is a 1960 (sometimes written 1959) Punjabi film directed by Jugal Kishore starring Gopal Sehgal Daljeet Indra Billi and Krishna Kumari in lead roles.
 Classic Artists: Yes is a two-disc DVD documentary of the progressive rock group Yes produced by Image Entertainment and fully endorsed by the band. The video spans the band's entire career beginning with their 1968 formation and going through their most recent studio album Magnification and the three years of touring that followed.
 The Even Stevens Movie is a 2003 American Disney Channel Original Movie that is based on the Disney Channel Original Series Even Stevens. It premiered on June 13 2003 serving as the series finale.
 Jaan Hazir Hai is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Manohar Nath Rangroo.
 Strangers is 2007 Hindi film directed by Anand L. Rai and starring Jimmy Shergill Kay Kay Menon Nandana Sen Sonali Kulkarni. It is an adaption of the 1951 Hitchcock film Strangers on a Train.
 You and the Night (Les Rencontres d'après minuit; literally Encounters After Midnight) is a French sex comedy released on 13 November 2013. The film was written and directed by Yann Gonzalez and features music by his brother Anthony Gonzalez and his band M83.Former Manchester United football player Eric Cantona was cast as the lead male character.
 The Dawn Patrol (aka Flight Commander) is a 1930 World War I film starring Richard Barthelmess and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. It was directed by Howard Hawks a former World War I pilot who even flew in the film as a German pilot. The Dawn Patrol won the Academy Award for Best Story for John Monk Saunders. It was subsequently remade in 1938 with the same title while the original was renamed Flight Commander when re-released later.
 To exypno pouli or To exipno pouli (Greek: Το έξυπνο πουλί The Smart Bird is a 1961 Greek film.
 The Inseparables is a 1929 British silent romance film directed by Adelqui Migliar and John Stafford and starring Elissa Landi Patrick Aherne and Annette Benson. It was filmed at the Whitehall Studios at Elstree.
 Watch is a 2001 documentary written directed and produced by environmental activist Briana Waters who is serving a six-year sentence for charges relating to the University of Washington firebombing incident. The film portrays the cooperation between residents of the Washington logging town Randle and Cascadia Defense Network activists attempting to stop the clearcutting of old growth trees on Watch mountain (part of the Cascade Mountain range) and along the nearby Fossil Creek.
 Sathyam Shivam Sundaram was a 1987 Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan Radhika Sumithra Vajramuni Sudheer
 Zero is a 2010 stop motion animation written and directed by Christopher Kezelos and produced by Christine Kezelos.
 The Touch (Swedish: Beröringen) is a 1971 film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Max von Sydow Bibi Andersson Elliott Gould and Sheila Reid.
 Boundin' is a 2003 Pixar computer-animated short film which was shown in theaters before the feature length film The Incredibles. The short is a musically narrated story about a dancing sheep who loses his confidence after being sheared. The film was written directed narrated and featured the musical composition and performance of Pixar animator Bud Luckey.
 Jasmine Women (simplified Chinese: 茉莉花开; traditional Chinese: 茉莉花開; pinyin: Mò li huā kāi; literally Blooming Jasmine) is a 2004 film adapted from Su Tong's novel called Funü Shenghuo (妇女生活) which means Women's Lives. It is directed by Hou Yong formerly a well known cinematographer. Zhang Ziyi plays the youngest of three generations of women who lead lives in Shanghai. Joan Chen plays the great-grandmother grandmother and mother.
 The Dream Catcher is a 1999 independent drama film directed by Edward Radtke. It is a road movie telling the story of two boys on the road.
 The Prince & Me 2: The Royal Wedding is a 2006 romantic comedy sequel to The Prince & Me and was released direct-to-video. Directed by Catherine Cyran the film features Luke Mably reprising his role as King Edvard of Denmark with Kam Heskin replacing Julia Stiles as Paige Morgan and Clemency Burton-Hill as newcomer Princess Kirsten of Norway.
 Perverted Criminal (変態魔 Hentaima) or Abnormal Criminal is a 1967 Japanese pink film directed by Kōji Seki. It was the first 3-D film produced in Japan and according to Allmovie the world's first 3-D sex film.
 The Trail of the Hound is a 1920 short Western film directed by Albert Russell and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Mabel's Strange Predicament is a 1914 American-made motion picture starring Mabel Normand and Charles Chaplin notable for being the first film for which Chaplin donned The Tramp costume.
 The Blackwater Lightship is a 2004 Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie adaptation of the novel The Blackwater Lightship by Colm Tóibín. It aired on CBS on February 4 2004. The movie stars Angela Lansbury Gina McKee Sam Robards Dianne Wiest and Keith McErlean. Lansbury received an Emmy nomination for it in 2004.
 Un'avventura di Salvator Rosa (also known as An Adventure of Salvator Rosa) is a 1940 Italian adventure-comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.At the time of its release the film was greeted with unanimous critical approval. Giuseppe Isani on Cinema referred to it as the best Italian film produced from 1930 onwards.
 Pareni Maya Jalaima or Pare Ni Maya Jalaima (Nepalese alternative transliteration) or Undone by Love (English-language title) is a 2004 movie filmed 80% in Hong Kong with the remaining footage shot in Nepal.
 The Duke Wore Jeans is a 1958 English film by producer Nat Cohen starring Tommy Steele and June Laverick. The songs from the film are mostly available on Tommy's many compilation CDs but no British CD has been pressed of the Original Soundtrack probably due to the fact of there being only 9 songs. The Original 10 LP is still available on some sites.
 Men Without Wings (Czech: Muži bez křídel) is a 1946 Czech drama film directed by František Čáp. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Secret Room is a 2013 Nigerian direct-to-video Thriller film directed by Eneaji Chris Eneng starring OC Ukeje Jide Kosoko Linda Ejiofor and Lilian Esoro.
 Balkan Express (Serbian: Балкан експрес) is a 1983 Yugoslavian film by director Branko Baletić. In this entertaining clever satire it is the beginning of World War II and a group of con artists and thieves decide to pose as musicians under the rubric The Balkan Express.
 Polly with a Past is a 1920 American silent film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by Leander de Cordova. This film is based on a 1917 Broadway stage play produced by David Belasco that starred Ina Claire and it is Claire who stars and reprises her stage role for this film. Clifton Webb later a famous star in films has an early unbilled screen appearance in this film. As with many Metro productions from the late teens and early twenties this film is lost.
 Moscow Mission (or Countdown Russian: Обратный отсчёт) is a Russian action movie directed by Vadim Smelyov. The movie was released in Moscow in 2006.
 Spring in Park Lane is a 1948 British romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox.
 Banarasi Babu is a 1973 Hindi film directed by Shankar Mukherjee. The film stars Dev Anand Yogeeta Bali Rakhee I. S. Johar and Bhagwan.
 Beck – Annonsmannen is a 2002 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Daniel Lind Lagerlöf.
 Plasticine Crow (Russian: Пластилиновая ворона translit. Plastilinovaya vorona) is a 1981 Soviet clay animation by Aleksandr Tatarskiy (T/O Ekran studio). Animation divided into three independent parts (Picture Game and But maybe but maybe...).
 Hidden Führer: Debating the Enigma of Hitler's Sexuality is a documentary film based on the research of German Professor Lothar Machtan for his 2001 book The Hidden Hitler that claimed Adolf Hitler was a homosexual.
 Charlie Chan at the Olympics (1937) is possibly the most topical Charlie Chan film as it features actual footage from the 1936 Berlin Olympics. There is also a scene where Charlie crosses the Atlantic in the Hindenburg. This is the 14th film starring Warner Oland as Chan and produced by Fox.
 La Hora de María y el pájaro de oro is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Amrit is a 1986 Indian Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna in the title role playing the character of Amritlal Sharma. The film was directed by Mohan Kumar immediately after directing Avtaar with Khanna in the title role and lyrics written by Anand Bakshi. This movie gave Rajesh Khanna his fourth BJFA Best Actor award in 1987. The film was critically acclaimed and received five stars in Bollywood Guide Collections.
 Don Quixote (Russian: Дон Кихот translit. Don Kikhot) is a 1957 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It is based on Evgeny Shvartz's stage adaptation of Miguel de Cervantes's classic novel of the same name. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival. It opened in the United States in 1961 beginning its U.S. run on January 20.The film was exhibited in the mid-1960s by Australian University film clubs receiving the productions of Sovexportfilm.
 More Than a Miracle is a 1967 film also titled Cinderella Italian Style and Happily Ever After. It stars Sophia Loren Omar Sharif and Dolores del Río. The movie has a fairy tale narrative. Filmed in the countryside outside of Naples Francesco Rosi directed and Carlo Ponti produced. The theme music was a hit for Roger Williams reaching #2 on Billboard's survey. Sergio Franchi recorded the title song (written by Kusik; Snyder; Piccioni) on his 1968 RCA Victor album I'm a Fool To Want You.
 Khomreh is an Iranian film directed by Ebrahim Foruzesh. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1994 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Stalled is a 2013 British zombie comedy film directed by Christian James. It stars Dan Palmer who also wrote the screenplay as a man confined to a bathroom stall after zombies attack. Produced by Richard Kerrigan and Daniel Pickering the film's cast also includes Mark Holden and Antonia Bernath. The film has received praise from critics. It has been screened at several film festivals and is scheduled to be released on home video in 2014.
 Indies Under Fire: The Battle for the American Bookstore (2006)is an American documentary film which chronicles the difficulties faced by independent bookstores in the information economy. The Palo Alto based Printers Inc. Bookstore which closed in 2001 is the primary focus of the film. It also explores the impact of Borders moving into two small towns filled with independent bookstores: Capitola California and Santa Cruz California.
 Titanic: The Legend Goes On (Italian: Titanic mille e una storia or Titanic: La leggenda continua; also known as Titanic: The Animated Movie or just Titanic Animated) is a 2000 Italian animated feature film about the sinking of the RMS Titanic.
 Sengoku Yarō (戦国野郎 literally: Sengoku Rascal) is a 1963 Japanese jidaigeki period black comedy adventure film directed by Kihachi Okamoto co-written by Shinichi Sekizawa and starring Yūzō Kayama. Masaru Sato composed the music for the film.
 Under the Tuscan Sun is a 2003 film American romantic comedy drama film written produced and directed by Audrey Wells and starring Diane Lane. Based on Frances Mayes' 1996 memoir Under the Tuscan Sun the film is about a recently divorced writer who buys a villa in Tuscany on a whim hoping it will lead to a change in her life.
 Singapore Woman is a 1941 film directed by Jean Negulesco. It stars Brenda Marshall and David Bruce.
 Tail-coat for shalopaya is a romantic comedy directed by Eldor Urazbaeva with script by Arcadia Krasilschikova filmed at the Gorky studio in 1979.
 Wait 'til This Year is a reality-type docu-drama film which follows a Boston Red Sox fan during the 2004 baseball season when the team ended their famous losing streak by winning the World Series.The film was aired on New England Sports Network (NESN) and then released on DVD afterward.Monika Lahiri starred (as the character Monika) and produced the film which combines reality documentary and scripted scenes when following the events from the perspective of Monika.In the film Monika and her husband Jes (played by Ges Selmont) are diehard Sox fans. 
 Hero No.1 is a 1997 Bollywood dramedy film directed by David Dhawan. It stars Govinda and Karishma Kapoor in lead roles. Most of the film's story is inspired by Bawarchi a comedy film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.
 Three of Hearts is a 1993 comedy/romance film directed by Yurek Bogayevicz and starring William Baldwin Kelly Lynch and Sherilyn Fenn.
 Hang The DJ is a 1998 music documentary film debut by twin brothers Marco and Mauro La Villa. Featuring Roger Sanchez Junior Vasquez and DJ Qbert the film presents the cult of DJs in the era that catapulted them into superstars from the inside. Performances from around the globe are intercut with commentary from fans and interviews with the DJs themselves.The name of the film comes from lyrics in Panic the 1986 song from The Smiths.
 His Desperate Deed is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Carry On Girls is the 25th in the series of Carry On films to be made released in Britain in 1973. The film is notable for being the first not to feature either Kenneth Williams or Charles Hawtrey. Williams was appearing in a West End play My Fat Friend. Hawtrey had been dropped from the series the year before. The film features regulars Sid James Barbara Windsor Joan Sims Kenneth Connor Bernard Bresslaw and Peter Butterworth. Patsy Rowlands makes her seventh appearance in the series.
 Hen Hop is a 1942 drawn-on-film animation short by Norman McLaren in which a hen gradually breaks apart into an abstract movement of lines as it dances to a barn dance. One of a number of drawn-on-film animated works created by McLaren Hen Hop was animated by inking and scraping film stock with colour added optically afterwards.To make Hen Hop McLaren spent days in a chicken coop to capture what he called the spirit of henliness. The film was produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
 BA:BO (바보) is a 2008 South Korean film. Based on a popular webcomic the film was directed by Kim Jeong-kwon and stars Cha Tae-hyun and Ha Ji-won in the lead roles.
 Texas Night Train is a 2001 independent horror film by Fort Worth Texas-based artist and first-time filmmaker Shanti Guy.
 Serpent Island is a 1954 adventure film directed by Tom Gries. It stars Sonny Tufts and Mary Munday.
 Lassiter also known as The Magnificent Thief is a 1984 adventure film part-caper and part-espionage set in 1930s London starring Tom Selleck and Jane Seymour that was made to cash in on Selleck's popularity as the character Thomas Magnum in the show Magnum P.I. but failed to ignite the box-office on its release. The Magnum P.I. connection is perhaps most clearly seen by the movie poster tagline The Magnum Man Hits the Big Screen with a Vengeance.
 Genesis (French: La genèse) is a 1999 French-Malian drama film directed by Cheick Oumar Sissoko. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Long Riders is a 1980 western film directed by Walter Hill. It was produced by James Keach Stacy Keach and Tim Zinnemann and featured an original soundtrack by Ry Cooder. Cooder won the Best Music award in 1980 from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards for this soundtrack. The film was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Déclassée is a 1925 American silent drama film of manners produced and released by First National Pictures in association with Corinne Griffith as executive producer. Griffith also stars in the production directed by Robert G. Vignola which is based on the 1919 play by Zoë Akins that starred Ethel Barrymore. A print of this film resides in the British Film Institute with a trailer surviving at the Library of Congress.
 Emperor's Dream (Chinese: 皇帝梦) is a Chinese animated puppet film produced by the Northeast Film company in China.
 Riffraff is a 1936 film starring Jean Harlow and Spencer Tracy. The movie was written by Frances Marion Anita Loos and H. W. Hannaford and directed by J. Walter Ruben.
 The Devil's Gift is a 1984 horror film directed by Kenneth J. Berton. The film's plot is similar to that of the Stephen King short story The Monkey leading many to believe that the filmmakers plagiarized the story. In 1996 Berton re-edited the film as the second story of Merlin's Shop of Mystical Wonders a horror/fantasy film.
 Ballerina is the story of a young girl Mette Sorensen (played by Mette Hønningen) who aspires to be a dancer with the Royal Danish Ballet against the wishes of her mother but with the support of her musician father and her mentor the famous ballerina Kirsten Holm (played by Kirsten Simone). The story opens with Mette greeting Kirsten at the airport following the latter's return from a successful dance tour.
 Street Racer is a 2008 action film by The Asylum. Its title is similar to the film Speed Racer but its overall plot bears a closer similarity to The Fast and the Furious and particularly The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift which had been released in 2006. The film is advertised by The Asylum as being based on true events.
 Super Sucker is a 2003 film featuring Jeff Daniels Harve Presnell and Kate Peckham.Filmed in Jackson Michigan Daniels and Presnell play Fred Barlow and Winslow Schnaebelt the heads of two different groups of door-to-door vacuum cleaner salesmen who are competing for the same territory. Their rivalry becomes so fierce that the president of the manufacturer of the product Mr. Suckerton decides that for the good of the company the town will have only one group of sales representatives.
 Storm in a Water Glass (German:Sturm im Wasserglas) is a 1931 Austrian-German comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Hansi Niese Renate Müller and Paul Otto. The film is based on the play of the same title by Bruno Frank later adapted into the British film Storm in a Teacup. The film is known by the alternative title The Flower Woman of Lindenau (Die Blumenfrau von Lindenau). It is notable in part for the small role played by Heddy Lamarr in her second film.
 Dr. Kildare's Wedding Day is a 1941 drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet starring Lew Ayres Lionel Barrymore and Laraine Day. When MGM decided to move up-and-coming star Laraine Day out of the Dr. Kildare series the studio did so in a startlingly dramatic fashion.
 Inspired by Bach a part of Sony Classical celebrates Bach series presents contemporary cellist Yo-Yo Ma performing the six Suites for Unaccompanied Cello by Johann Sebastian Bach in collaboration with artists from different disciplines in a set of six films respectively.Volume 2. Falling Down Stairs directed by Barbara Willis Sweete shows the cooperation between Ma and American contemporary dance choreographer Mark Morris and his Dance Group.
 Si Agimat at Si Enteng Kabisote is an action comedy fantasy crossover film directed by Tony Reyes which stars Vic Sotto and Sen. Bong Revilla Jr. This was the union of their famous characters (Agimat and Enteng Kabisote) in one blockbuster movie which grossed a P31M on its opening day. It is followed by the sequel Si Agimat si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako.
 Naayaka is a 2010 Kannada action film directed by P C Sekar and produced by Ramesh Kumar P and Pradeep Kumar G. The film is going to be released sometime in June 2010 in Karnataka India.
 Our Girl Friday (U.S. title The Adventures of Sadie) is a 1953 British comedy film starring Joan Collins George Cole Kenneth More and Robertson Hare. A woman is shipwrecked with three men on a deserted island.
 The Matador is a 2008 documentary film about David Fandila's quest to become the world's top-ranked bullfighter. It first premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival and had since met with mostly positive reviews.The film follows Fandila's three-year journey into bullfighting history as the violent cultural tradition is questioned.
 For Sale is a Malayalam film from Kadavelil film's directed by Satish Ananthapuri and produced by Anto Kadavelil. The film portrays the story of today's modeling and advertisement industry.The film deals with various subjects of social relevance.The influence of Parents lifestyle in the character formation of children ill effects of alcohol in society importance of family which everyone forgets in search fortunes etc. are depicted in it.
 Cattiva Evasione also known as A Naughty Elopement is a 1923 Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster. It was made for Sydney's Italian community with a story by a local Italian actor Angelo Zommo.It is considered a lost film.
 Second Honeymoon is a 1937 screwball romantic comedy starring Tyrone Power and Loretta Young about a newly remarried woman who finds her businessman husband boring and runs into her wealthy playboy first husband. The supporting cast includes Stuart Erwin Claire Trevor Marjorie Weaver Lyle Talbot and J. Edward Bromberg.
 Unstrung Heroes is a 1995 American comedy-drama film directed by Diane Keaton. The screenplay by Richard LaGravenese is based on a memoir by journalist Franz Lidz.
 Moonlight in Vermont is the title of a 1943 American musical dramatic film. Vermont farm girl Gwen Harding goes a dance school in the city. She becomes semi-popular. Farm problems conflict with dance school life and even though her new friends try to help out other problems including a vindictive romantic rival arise.
 For Crimin' Out Loud is the 170th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 A Tale of Two Cities is a 1958 British period drama based on parts of Charles Dickens' novel A Tale of Two Cities directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Dirk Bogarde and Dorothy Tutin.
 Loafer is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Surinder Kapoor. It stars Anil Kapoor and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles. The film was a remake of Telugu film titled Assembly Rowdy (1991) starring Divya Bharti and Mohan Babu which was remake of 1990 in Tamil film Velai Kidaichuduchu.
 Some Came Running is a 1958 American film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Frank Sinatra Dean Martin and Shirley MacLaine.Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in a bid to duplicate the success of the multi–Academy Award winning film adaptation of James Jones' earlier novel From Here to Eternity (1953) optioned the 1200-plus-page book Some Came Running and cast Frank Sinatra as the lead. Sinatra approved Dean Martin for the role of Bama in what would be their first film together.
 Facing the Giants is a 2006 American Christian drama film directed by and starring Alex Kendrick. The supporting cast was composed of volunteers from Sherwood Baptist Church and it is the second film that Sherwood Pictures have done. Shot in Albany Georgia the film relates an underdog story about American football from a Christian worldview.The film was released to DVD in early 2007 and made its television debut on September 21 2008 on Trinity Broadcasting Network.
 The Admiral's Secret is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Guy Newall and starring Edmund Gwenn James Raglan Hope Davy and Dorothy Black. It was based on a play by Cyril Campion and filmed at Twickenham Studios. A gang of Spanish criminals search for a trove of stolen gems hidden by a retired British Admiral.
 Kailangan Kita (I Need You) a 2002 film in the Philippines that tackles a beautiful love story shot in the province of Bicol. Claudine Barretto plays the lead role Lena a simple lady in the province and Aga Muhlach as Carl a Filipino working in the United States who made a visit in Bicol to fix his wedding with Lena's elder sister. This movie is under Rory Quintos' direction and produced by Star Cinema ABS-CBN film productions.
 Runumi (Assamese:ৰুণুমী) is the ninth Assamese language film. It was directed and produced by Suresh Chandra Goswami and released in 1952. The film is based on Henrik Ibsen’s play The Warriors at Helgeland. It is the second Assamese film to have been shot in location and open floor after Joymoti. The film stars Kanaklata Saikia Neyimuddin Ahmed Suresh Goswami Indreshwar Barthakur Hironmoyee Devi. The film was set in Assam and Nagaland (then the Naga hills of Assam).
 The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins is a 1971 British comedy film directed and produced by Graham Stark. Its title is a conflation of The Magnificent Seven and the seven deadly sins. It comprises a sequence of seven sketches each representing a sin and written by an array of British comedy-writing talent. The sketches are linked by animation sequences. The music score is by British jazz musician Roy Budd cinematography by Harvey Harrison and editing by Rod Nelson-Keys and Roy Piper.
 P.U.N.K.S. is a 1999 movie about a group of bullied teens who find a suit created by a scientist. The suit provides whoever wears it superhuman strength as well as leaving the wearer open to having their body controlled by someone else via wireless computer signals.
 Tuck Everlasting is a 2002 fantasy family film based on the children's book of the same title by Natalie Babbitt published in 1975. The Walt Disney Pictures release was directed by Jay Russell.
 Cirkusrevyen 1936 is a 1936 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Valet Girls is a 1987 American comedy film about three women in L.A. who are working as valet girls while trying to get started in the entertainment industry. The film was directed by Rafal Zielinski written by Clark Carlton produced by Lexyn Productions; and was distributed by Empire International Pictures and Vestron Video.
 Bus 44 (Chinese: 车四十四; pinyin: Chē Sì Shí Sì) written & directed by Chinese-American filmmaker Dayyan Eng in 2001 is a short film starring Chinese actress Gong Beibi and Wu Chao.
 The Santa Clause is a series of comedy films starring Tim Allen. The film series began with The Santa Clause (1994). It was followed by The Santa Clause 2 (2002) and The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause (2006). The series experienced a diminishing critical reception and box office performance with each subsequent film.
 Killer Diller is a 1948 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Josh Binney and released by All American.The movie features The Clark Brothers (tap dancers) Nat King Cole Moms Mabley Dusty Fletcher Butterfly McQueen the Andy Kirk Orchestra and the Four Congaroos (dancing Lindy Hop).
 Zulu Dawn is a 1979 war film about the historical Battle of Isandlwana between British and Zulu forces in 1879 in South Africa. The screenplay was by Cy Endfield from his book and Anthony Story. The film was directed by Douglas Hickox. The score was composed by Elmer Bernstein.Zulu Dawn is a prequel to Zulu released in 1964 which depicts the historical Battle of Rorke's Drift later the same day and was written and co-directed by Cy Endfield.
 Suyunchi or Babushka-general (transliteration of the title of the film in Russian) (Uzbek: Suyunchi Суюнчи; Russian: Бабушка-генерал) is a 1982 Uzbek drama film directed by Melis Abzalov.
 Punch and Jody (1974) is a NBC TV movie starring Glenn Ford and directed by Barry Shear
 Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary is a 1916 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 House of Angels (Swedish: Änglagård) is a 1992 Swedish drama film about a little village in Västergötland Sweden where an aging recluse lives in a mansion on a large wooded property. One day he is accidentally killed and an unknown relative by the name of Fanny Zander inherits the mansion and land. When she and her friend Zac arrive they turn life in the staid village upside down. The film was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Gambler is a series of American revisionist western TV movies starring Kenny Rogers as Brady Hawkes a fictional old-west gambler. The character was inspired by Rogers' hit song The Gambler. There are five movies in the series. The first four are directed by Dick Lowry while the last was directed by Jack Bender.
 Let's Go Native is a 1930 American black-and-white musical comedy film directed by Leo McCarey and released by Paramount Pictures.A very memorable witty quote is when Jerry comments on being the only man on an island populated by women. Jerry: It was one of the Virgin Islands but it drifted.The tagline was: Paramount's wild merry mad hilarious farce!
 The Wrong Arm of the Law is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Peter Sellers Bernard Cribbins Lionel Jeffries John Le Mesurier and Bill Kerr. It was written in part by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson and made by Romulus Films.
 Camille (2008) is a film starring James Franco and Sienna Miller.
 Follow the Lady is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Marguerite Allan William Hartnell and D. A. Clarke-Smith. A Frenchwoman attempts to blackmail a wealthy man. The film was a quota quickie produced on commission from the Fox Film Corporation to allow them to meet their yearly quota.
 The Sisters is a 2005 film starring Maria Bello Mary Stuart Masterson and Erika Christensen as the title characters; it also stars Alessandro Nivola Rip Torn Eric McCormack Steven Culp Tony Goldwyn and Chris O'Donnell. The film was written by Richard Alfieri (based on his own play) and directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman.The Sisters is inspired by Anton Chekhov's play Three Sisters .
 Santa vs. the Snowman 3D (also known as Santa vs. The Snowman) is a half-hour computer-animated short created by O Entertainment and produced by Steve Oedekerk. Originally made as a television special the film was later presented in IMAX 3D theaters during the holiday seasons of 2002–2006. It was released on DVD by Universal Studios. The package included 3D glasses and the program offered optional 2D or 3D viewing.
 Just One Night is a 2000 American comedy film written and directed by Alan Jacobs.
 Thadaiyara Thaakka (English: Breaking all Barriers) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film directed by Magizh Thirumeni who earlier directed Mundhinam Paartheney. The film stars Arun Vijay and Mamta Mohandas. The film released on 1 June 2012 to positive reviews from critics.
 Robinson Crusoe is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by M.A. Wetherell and starring M.A. Wetherell Fay Compton and Herbert Waithe. It is an adaptation of the 1719 novel Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe. A shipwrecked man becomes stranded on a desert island. It was made at Cricklewood Studios and Lime Grove Studios in London.
 An Empress and the Warriors is a 2008 Chinese historical drama film directed by Ching Siu-tung and starring Donnie Yen Kelly Chen Leon Lai and Kou Zhenhai.
 The Great Rupert is a 1950 comedy family film produced by George Pal directed by Irving Pichel and starring Jimmy Durante Tom Drake and Terry Moore. It is based on a story written by Ted Allan which has also been published as a children's book under the title Willie the Squowse.
 Mąż swojej żony (English: Husband of His Wife) is a Polish comedy from 1960 directed by Stanisław Bareja.
 StreetDance 2 is the sequel to StreetDance 3D which was released on 21 May 2010. The film has been released in RealD 3D XpanD 3D and Dolby 3D with Max Giwa and Dania Pasquini returning to directing. Britain's Got Talent stars George Sampson and Flawless return along with Hip-hop dancer Sofia Boutella (backing dancer for Madonna and face of Nike) and Falk Hentschel.
 No Other Woman is a 2011 Filipino romantic drama film starring Anne Curtis Derek Ramsay and Cristine Reyes. The film is notable for breaking box office records in the Philippines. It currently holds the title of third highest grossing Filipino film of all time having grossed P278 million but was dethroned by the 2012 Metro Manila Film Fest entry Sisterakas. The film was also screened in select cities internationally.
 Teeny Little Super Guy was an animated short featured on PBS's Sesame Street. The shorts featured a small animated man the Teeny Little Super Guy who resides in a live-action regular-sized kitchen. Robert W. Morrow described the shorts as including parables of childhood conflict and striving.
 Cavite is a 2005 film in English and Tagalog written and directed by Filipino American filmmakers Neill Dela Llana and Ian Gamazon which also stars them as the film's leads.
 White Night Wedding (Icelandic: Brúðguminn) is a 2008 Icelandic film directed by Baltasar Kormákur. The bittersweet comedy about the never-ending search for love and happiness takes place in Flatey Breiðafjörður western Iceland. The film is loosely based on the play Ivanov by Anton Chekhov.
 Kanasugara (Kannada: ಕನಸುಗಾರ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romance-drama film starring V. Ravichandran Prema and Shashikumar in the lead roles. The film a remake of Tamil blockbuster film Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen (1998) is directed by Karan and features soundtrack from Rajesh Ramanath. The original version was directed by Vikraman and featured Karthik and Roja in lead roles.Released on 3 August 2001 the film met with very good positive response at the box-office.
 Nelly et Monsieur Arnaud (English: Nelly and Mr. Arnaud) is a 1995 French movie directed by Claude Sautet and starring Michel Serrault Emmanuelle Béart and Jean-Hugues Anglade. It won the César Award for Best Director and Best Actor from Michel Serrault.
 Höllentour (literally meaning Hell Tour) is a 2004 German film. The US release (with English subtitles) was titled Hell on Wheels. The film is a record of the 100th anniversary Tour de France in 2003 from the perspective of Germany's Team Telekom focusing on rider Erik Zabel. The film is directed by Pepe Danquart who won an Academy Award for Live Action Short Film in 1993 for Black Rider (Schwarzfahrer).In 2004 Mona Bräuer won a German Film Critics Award for Best Editing (Bester Schnitt).
 The Blackguard (1925) is a British-German drama film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Jane Novak Walter Rilla and Frank Stanmore. Its German title is Die Prinzessin und der Geiger. Against the backdrop of the Russian Revolution a violinist saves a princess from execution.
 Outing Riley is a 2004 comedy film written directed and starring Pete Jones about a gay man coming out to his three brothers. It was screened at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival and released on video in 2007.
 Zeppelin is a 1971 British World War I action-drama film of a fictitious German attempt to raid Great Britain in a giant Zeppelin and steal the Magna Carta from its hiding place in one of Scotland's castles. The film stars Michael York Elke Sommer and Anton Diffring and was directed by Etienne Perrier.The airship seen in the film is a 40-foot (12 m) model based on the plans of the R33 class of British Rigid Airship which was itself based on the German LZ76 captured intact in September 1916.
 In the Realms of the Unreal is a 2004 documentary about outsider artist Henry Darger. An obscure janitor during his life Darger is known for the posthumous discovery of his elaborate 15143-page fantasy manuscript entitled The Story of the Vivian Girls in What is Known as the Realms of the Unreal of the Glandeco-Angelinnian War Storm Caused by the Child Slave Rebellion along with several hundred watercolor paintings and other drawings illustrating the story.
 Uncensored is a 1942 British World War II drama directed by Anthony Asquith for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Eric Portman and Phyllis Calvert. The film was produced by Edward Black with cinematography from Arthur Crabtree and screenplay by Rodney Ackland and Terence Rattigan from a novel by Oscar Millard. Uncensored is set in occupied Belgium and shares the propagandistic tone of many British films of its era.
 Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee. She performs a social experiment where she by cutting her hair and changing her wardrobe to men’s clothes transforming her appearance from an established woman into a “man” and takes a step into the masculine world. The documentary is a mix of raw documentary footage and a live presentation and was presented at SDAFF and DC APA in 2010.
 Doomwatch (US title: Island of the Ghouls) is a 1972 science fiction/thriller film directed by Peter Sasdy. The film is based on the BBC series Doomwatch. The screenplay was written by Clive Exton.
 Furious Slaughter is a 1972 Hong Kong film. It stars Jimmy Wang Yu.
 John and Mary is a 1969 American romantic drama film directed by Peter Yates. It stars Dustin Hoffman and Mia Farrow in the title roles directly on the heels of Rosemary's Baby and Midnight Cowboy respectively (as well as Bullitt for Yates). The screenplay was adapted by John Mortimer from the Mervyn Jones novel. It was released theatrically in North America on December 14 1969. It received an R rating upon its original release which was later downgraded to a PG rating.
 Hombisilu (Kannada: ಹೊಂಬಿಸಿಲು) is a 1978 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Geethapriya. It is based on the novel of the same name by Usha Navarathnaram. The film starred Vishnuvardhan Aarathi and Leelavathi in the lead roles. Vishnuvardhan was awarded with Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor for his performance in this film.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 Bari Theke Paliye (English-language title: Runaway or The Runaway) is a 1958 Bengali film by director Ritwik Ghatak. It stars Parambhattarak Lahiri Kali Bannerjee Nripati Chatterjee Padma Devi Gyanesh Mukherjee.This film was directed by alternative Indian filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak in Kolkata (then Calcutta) in 1958. The plot is about a misbehaving boy who runs away from his village and goes to Calcutta.
 My Queen Karo is a 2009 drama film. It was directed by Dorothée Van Den Berghe produced by Frank Van Passel and starring Matthias Schoenaerts Déborah François and Anna Franziska Jaeger. The film tells the story of Karo a ten year-old girl who witnesses the moral dilemmas of free love when her parents join a squatter community in 1970s Amsterdam. The film received three nominations at the 1st Magritte Awards.
 Boy (少年 Shōnen) is a 1969 Japanese film directed by Nagisa Oshima starring Tetsuo Abe Akiko Koyama and Fumio Watanabe.
 Slackistan is an independent film directed by London-based filmmaker Hammad Khan. The film stars Shahbaz Hamid Shigri Aisha Linnea Akhtar Ali Rehman Khan Shahana Khan Khalil Osman Khalid Butt Khalid Saeed and Rafey Alam. The film is distributed by Big Upstairs Films. Slackistan was released in the UK in 2010 and has also played at a number of festivals in such locations as London Abu Dhabi New York San Francisco and Goa. It has been banned in Pakistan.
 Private Izzy Murphy is a 1926 silent film starring George Jessel and Patsy Ruth Miller the film was released by Warner Brothers. It is unknown if a copy survives meaning it could be a lost film.
 Jonathan is a 1970 West German horror film directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer. The film stars Jürgen Jung Hans-Dieter Jendreyko and Paul Albert Krumm. The film takes place in the 16th century where vampires who are immune to sunlight have taken over the world. Human rebels band together for a battle of life and the control of the civilization.
 Psique y sexo is a 1965 Argentine film.
 I Monster is a 1971 British horror film directed by Stephen Weeks (his feature debut) for Amicus Productions. It is an adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde with the main characters' names changed to Dr. Charles Marlowe and Mr. Edward Blake.
 Love Comes Softly is a 2003 Christian drama television movie set in the 19th century based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It originally aired on Hallmark Channel in 2003. It was directed by Michael Landon Jr. and stars Katherine Heigl as a young woman named Marty Claridge. It is the first in a series of television movies made for Hallmark Channel based on the books and produced for Hallmark by Larry Levinson Productions.
 Kidnapping! Paga o uccidiamo tuo figlio (also known as 20.000 dollari sporchi di sangue) is an Italian Spaghetti Western film starring Brett Halsey. It was released in 1969.
 The Man From Home is a 1922 British drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice. The story had been filmed before in 1914 by Cecil B. DeMille as The Man From Home. Alfred Hitchcock was credited as a title designer on the 1922 production. The film is now considered a lost film.
 My Sucky Teen Romance is a 2011 supernatural comedy by American director Emily Hagins and her third feature length film. It first released on March 15 2011 at the South by Southwest film festival and stars Elaine Hurt as a young teenager that falls in love with a teen vampire at a sci-fi convention. My Sucky Teen Romance was partially funded through Indiegogo.
 48 Hours of Hallucinatory Sex (original title: 48 Horas de Sexo Alucinante) is a 1987 Brazilian trash/sexploitation film by Brazilian film director José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe). The film is the third of several sexploitation films Marins released in the 1980s.
 How to Eat Fried Worms is a 2006 American film based on the 1973 children's book of the same name by Thomas Rockwell. It was produced by New Line Cinema with Walden Media. Development began in 1998 and theatrical release for the U.S. and Canada was August 25 2006. The DVD for the film was released on December 5 2006. The film stars Luke Benward Adam Hicks Hallie Kate Eisenberg Austin Rogers Andrew Gillingham Alexander Gould Blake Garrett and Philip Daniel Bolden.
 The Marrying Kind (1952) is a film directed by George Cukor starring Aldo Ray and Judy Holliday. Other cast members include John Alexander Charles Bronson Peggy Cass Barry Curtis Tom Farrell Frank Ferguson Ruth Gordon (who co-wrote the screenplay with Garson Kanin) Gordon Jones Madge Kennedy Nancy Kulp Mickey Shaughnessy and Joan Shawlee.
 Estate violenta (U.S. title: Violent Summer) is a 1959 Italian award-winning black-and-white drama film directed by Valerio Zurlini depicting a love affair between a prominent Fascist's young draft-dodging son portrayed by Jean Louis Trintignant and a naval officer's widow older than he portrayed by Eleonora Rossi Drago.
 The Hard Ride is a 1971 action film about a U.S. Marine who promises to take care of a dead buddy's motorcycle and is threatened by a rival biker gang in the process.
 Betaaj Badshah is a 1994 film directed by Iqbal Durrani. The film stars Raaj Kumar Shatrughan Sinha Mamta Kulkarni Jay Mehta and Prem Chopra. Audio cassette of dialogues was released it was very popular at that time.
 Zordaar is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap. It stars Govinda Aditya Pancholi Mandikini and Neelam Kothari in pivotal roles.
 Prisoner of the Mountains (Russian: Кавказский пленник Kavkazskiy plennik) also known as Prisoner of the Caucasus is a 1996 Russian war drama film directed by Sergei Bodrov and written by Bodrov Arif Aliyev and Boris Giller.
 The Holy Office (Spanish: El santo oficio) is a 1974 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Ripstein. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival and won the Silver Goddess for Best Film in 1974 awarded by the Mexican Cinema Journalists.
 Taxi No 9211 is a 2006 Bollywood slice-of-life drama film directed by Milan Luthria and produced by Ramesh Sippy. The film stars John Abraham along with Nana Patekar in lead roles. It released on 24 February 2006 and received positive response from critics and was a moderate success at the box office. The film is a loose remake of the Hollywood film Changing Lanes.
 Rufus Jones for President (1933) is a satirical musical-comedy short subject directed by Roy Mack and starring Ethel Waters. The film also stars Sammy Davis Jr. in his first onscreen appearance.Despite its tone that appears to today's audience as racist it is still considered an important musical short.
 The Door in the Floor is a 2004 American drama film written and directed by Tod Williams. The screenplay is based on the first third of the 1998 novel A Widow for One Year by John Irving.
 Sadgati (The Deliverance) is a 1981 Hindi film primarily made for TV by Satyajit Ray based on a short story of same name by Munshi Premchand. It is Ray's second Hindi film after Shatranj Ke Khilari (The Chess Players) (1977).The film won the National Film Award - Special Jury Award / Special Mention (Feature Film).
 Sami swoi (variously translated as All Friends Here or Our Folks; literally Only ours) (1967) is the first part of a Polish comedic trilogy of movies by Sylwester Chęciński. Its two follow-ups are Nie ma mocnych (a Polish idiom meaning no can do) (1974) and Kochaj albo rzuć (Love It or Leave It) (1977).
 The Palace of Angels (Portuguese: O Palácio dos Anjos) is a 1970 Brazilian drama film directed by Walter Hugo Khouri. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mr. Bones 2: Back from the Past is a 2008 comedy film directed by Gray Hofmeyr co-written by Gray Hofmeyr and Leon Schuster and starring Leon Schuster Tongayi Chirisa Leeanda Reddy Kaseran Pillay Meren Reddy. It is the second in the Mr Bones series.Released by Videovision Entertainment Mr. Bones 2 was a blockbuster surpassing Mr Bones to become the most financially successful film released in South Africa.
 The Princess (Swedish: Prinsessan) is a 1966 Swedish drama film directed by Åke Falck. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival where Grynet Molvig won the award for Best Actress.
 Busted is a 1997 comedy film starring Corey Feldman Corey Haim Dominick Brascia and Ava Fabian.
 The Hunt (Danish: Jagten) is a 2012 Danish drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Mads Mikkelsen. The story is set in a small Danish village around Christmas and follows a man who becomes the target of mass hysteria after being wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a child.The film was screened at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and competed at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where Mikkelsen won the Best Actor Award for his role.
 Ramanan is a 1967 Malayalam romance film written directed and produced by D. M. Pottekkat. It is a screen adaptation of Ramanan (1936) a poem by Changampuzha Krishna Pillai. The film stars Prem Nazir and Sheela the renowned on-screen pair in the lead roles. Madhu Kottayam Chellappan KamaladeviMeenakumari Ramu Kariat Adoor Bhasi Usha Kumari and Manavalan Joseph play other important roles.
 The Blocked Trail is a 1943 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Elmer Clifton.
 Ginger Snaps Back: The Beginning is a 2004 Canadian horror film and a prequel to Ginger Snaps and Ginger Snaps II: Unleashed. The third film in the Ginger Snaps trilogy takes place in 19th century Canada following the exploits of the antecedents of the Fitzgerald sisters of the two previous movies: Ginger (Katharine Isabelle) and Brigitte (Emily Perkins) who are identical in all respects to their modern-day counterparts.
 The Temple Mount is Mine is a 2003 two-part documentary by Emmy Award-winning director Willy Lindwer that looks at why Muslims Christians and Jews all lay claim to one of the holiest sites in the world.
 Revenge of the Petites is a 2012 American pornographic film written and directed by Harry Sparks and produced by AMKingdom.com a division of Amateur Teen Kingdom.The film was released direct to DVD on May 9 2012 after a theatrical debut in Westwood Los Angeles California on April 24 2012.
 Midnight at Madame Tussaud's is a 1936 British thriller film directed by George Pearson and starring Lucille Lisle James Carew and Charles Oliver. A daring explorer bets his friends he can spend a night in Madame Tussaud's chamber of horrors. Meanwhile on the outside his young female ward is in danger from an unscrupulous gang.
 The Weak and the Wicked is a 1954 British drama film directed by J. Lee Thompson based on the book by his wife Joan Henry starring Glynis Johns and Diana Dors.Based on a best-selling book and prison experiences of author Joan Henry director J. Lee Thompson’s prison saga explores the life of inmates behind bars where innocence is lost in the world of vice. Despite its pulpy pot-boiler title the film settles for earnest social drama over melodrama.
 The Blind Owl (French: La chouette aveugle) is a 1987 film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Al marido hay que seguirlo (English language:The Husband that is Necessary to Follow) is a 1948 Mexican - Argentine film directed by Augusto Cesar Vatteone and written by Tito Insausti. The film starred Francisco Álvarez Ana Arneodo Mapy Cortés and Pedro Quartucci.
 Righting Wrongs (Chinese: 執法先鋒 aka Above the Law) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen who also co-stars in the film and starring Yuen Biao and Cynthia Rothrock. This is the one of Yuen Biao's better known films that he made without film industry compatriots Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan.
 Krakatoa East of Java (1969) is a disaster film starring Maximilian Schell and Brian Keith. The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
 Heart Beat is a 1980 film written and directed by John Byrum based on the autobiography by Carolyn Cassady. The film is about seminal figures in the Beat Generation. The character of Ira played by Ray Sharkey is based on Allen Ginsberg. The film stars Nick Nolte Sissy Spacek and John Heard.
 The Last Adventurers is a 1937 British drama film directed by Roy Kellino and starring Niall MacGinnis Roy Emerton Linden Travers and Peter Gawthorne.
 No Evidence of Disease is a feature-length documentary film about N.E.D. a rock band of six gynecologic oncologists who seek to bring more attention and awareness to women's cancers.
 Bloodshed is a 2005 USA horror film by Jim McMahon based on a script by Jim McMahon and Michael Victor Roy featuring Íce Mrozek Christopher Childs and Shana Lee Klisanin. In this movie two mentally unbalanced brothers become the prime suspects in a murder.
 Jolly Life (Turkish: Neşeli Hayat) is a 2009 Turkish comedy film written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan about a working class Turkish man who accepts a job as a Mall Santa. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on November 27 2009 (2009-11-27) was screened in competition at the 29th International Istanbul Film Festival and was nominated in several categories at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards.
 Ezhumalai is an Indian Tamil film released in 2002. The Film is the remake of Telugu Blockbuster Narasimha Naidu starring Balakrishna Mukesh Rishi. This movie was later dubbed in Telugu again as Simhabaludu.
 Enigma is a 2009 science-fiction short film. It is written and directed by the Shumway Brothers .
 Onnorokom Bhalobasha (Bengali: অন্যরকম ভালোবাসা) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Shahin Shomon. Onnorokom Bhalobasa is the second film of Jaaz Multimedia. After the success of 1st movie Bhalobasar Rong this time we are presenting a far better romantic movie named Onnorokom Bhalobasa. Stars Mahiya Mahi Sara Zerin Bappy Chowdhury Amit Hasan (Villain) Nayok Raj Razzak and many more.
 Hollywood Chaos is American film that was released in 1989. The film starred Tricia Leigh Fisher and was directed by Sean McNamara marking his directorial debut.
 Empire of the Wolves (French: L'Empire des loups) is a 2005 movie directed by Chris Nahon written by Christian Clavier Jean-Christophe Grangé Chris Nahon and Franck Ollivier and starring Jean Reno Arly Jover and Jocelyn Quivrin.
 The Hook is a 1963 Korean War war film directed by George Seaton based on the 1957 novel L'Hamecon by Vahé Katcha. The film's title comes from the translation of the title of the original novel rather than the Battle of the Hook. The film was shot off Santa Catalina Island California.
 Aik Aur Love Story (Urdu: ایک اور لو سٹوری English: One more love story) is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by the Pakistani pop singer Sajjad Ali. It was also the soundtrack to his music album. It was released during 1999.
 The Spider is a 1945 American crime film noir directed by Robert D. Webb. The drama features Richard Conte Faye Marlowe and Kurt Kreuger.
 Toto le Héros (Toto the Hero) is a 1991 Belgian film (coproduced with France and Germany) by Belgian film director and screenwriter Jaco Van Dormael.
 These Dangerous Years is a 1957 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring George Baker Frankie Vaughan Carole Lesley Thora Hird Kenneth Cope David Lodge and John Le Mesurier.The army sequences were filmed in the Inglis Barracks Mill Hill London NW7.
 The Class of '92 is a 2013 British documentary film released on 1 December 2013. The film centres on the rise of six young Manchester United footballers – David Beckham Nicky Butt Ryan Giggs Gary Neville Phil Neville and Paul Scholes – and details their careers for Manchester United starting in 1992.
 My Hero is a 1912 American Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Dorothy Gish.
 The Exorcist is an American horror film series consisting of five installments based on the fictional story from the novel The Exorcist created by William Blatty. The films have been distributed by Warner Bros. and 20th Century Fox.The films have grossed over $661 million at the worldwide box office. Critics have given the films mixed reviews. In 2004 a prequel (Exorcist: The Beginning) was released.
 Seniman Bujang Lapok (The Three Worn Out Actor Bachelors) is a 1961 Malay comedy film directed by P. Ramlee. It is the fourth installment in the Bujang Lapok series of films but the last to feature P. Ramlee S. Shamsudin and Aziz Sattar as the main trio of actors. However it is not a direct sequel to the previous Bujang Lapok films as there are no references to the events of the previous films.The film is a self-referential spoof of the Malay film industry of the late 1950s/early 1960s.
 Native Son (1951) also known as Sangre negra is a black-and-white Argentine film directed by the French filmmaker Pierre Chenal.The film is based on the novel Native Son by American author Richard Wright who also starred in the film. Actor Canada Lee was originally scheduled to play the role but had difficulties with his visa while filming Cry the Beloved Country in South Africa and had to decline the role.
 On the Road: A Document (ドキュメント 路上 Dokyumento rojō) is a Japanese documentary from 1964 directed by Noriaki Tsuchimoto.
 American Outlaws is a 2001 Western film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Colin Farrell Scott Caan and Ali Larter.
 Steve is a 2010 short film written and directed by Rupert Friend and starring Keira Knightley Tom Mison and Colin Firth. It screened at the 2010 BFI London Film Festival.The film was released theatrically as a section of the compilation film Stars in Shorts in 2012.
 The Nut Farm is a 1935 American film directed by Melville W. Brown.
 Loves Me Loves Me Not is a short film created by Aardman Animations. It is known as Me quiere... no me quiere in Spanish.
 Irene in Time is a 2009 American independent film directed by Henry Jaglom. It marked the second collaboration between director Jaglom and actress Tanna Frederick who also starred in Hollywood Dreams Jaglom's 2006 film. Irene also starred Victoria Tennant Lanre Idewu and Andrea Marcovicci.
 Dhol (Hindi: ढोल; English: Drum) is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film directed by Priyadarshan and produced under the Percept Picture Company. The film stars Sharman Joshi Tusshar Kapoor Kunal Khemu Rajpal Yadav Arbaaz Khan and Tanushree Dutta in lead roles. The story borrows subplots from 1990 Malayalam film In Harihar Nagar written by Siddique-Lal.
 The Mod Squad is a 1999 film directed by Scott Silver and starring Claire Danes Omar Epps and Giovanni Ribisi. It is based on the popular television show of the same name.
 Jūdai no yūwaku (十代の誘惑 Teenage seduction) is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Seiji Hisamatsu.
 Mammalian is a 2010 documentary film that follows Frank Wolf and Taku Hokoyama as they take on a 2000 km canoe journey through the largest wilderness area in North America. Their route travels from Yellowknife YT to Rankin Inlet NT through a region with one of the highest concentrations of land mammals on earth.
 Pengabdi Setan is a 1980 Indonesian horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra the title translates into Satan's Slave which is also the name of the US DVD release. It is notable for being one of the few films to substitute Christian or Buddhist-based horror themes for Muslim beliefs. The film bears a resemblance in plot to Don Coscarelli's 1979 film Phantasm.
 Adventures of a Plumber's Mate is a 1978 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil as Sid South. Following on from Adventures of a Taxi Driver and Adventures of a Private Eye this was the final of the trilogy which attempted to occupy the same market position as the better-known and more successful Confessions series starring Robin Askwith.
 Dhan Daulat is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Harish Shah and produced by Vinod Shah. It stars Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh in pivotal roles.
 Forty Thousand Horsemen (aka 40000 Horsemen) is a 1940 Australian war film directed by Charles Chauvel. The film tells the story of the Australian Light Horse cavalry which operated in the desert at the Sinai and Palestine Campaign during World War I. It follows the adventures of three rowdy heroes in fighting and romance. The film culminates at the Battle of Beersheba which is reputedly the last successful cavalry charge in history.
 The Silver Lining is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Roland West. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 The Crowd is a 1928 American silent film directed by King Vidor and starring Eleanor Boardman and James Murray.The picture is an influential and acclaimed feature and was nominated for the Academy Award for Unique and Artistic Production. In 1989 this film was one of the first 25 films to be selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Stranger In The House is a 1967 crime drama directed and written by Pierre Rouve (from the novel by Georges Simenon) produced by Anatole de Grunwald and starring James Mason Geraldine Chaplin and Bobby Darin. The movie is also known as Cop-Out and is a remake of the 1942 French film Strangers in the House (Les inconnus dans la maison). The film was remade in 1997. Eric Burdon & The Animals wrote and recorded the song Ain't That So for the film.
 A Serious Man is a 2009 dark comedy produced edited written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Michael Stuhlbarg as a Minnesota Jewish man whose life crumbles both professionally and personally leading him to questions about his faith.
 Amari Gann Jhia (1953) (Oriya: ଆମରି ଗାଁ ଝିଅ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Binaya Banarjee
 Mercy is a 1995 English-language independent thriller starring John Rubinstein and Sam Rockwell and written and directed by Richard Shepard. It was filmed in Queens New York City. The film received an R rating by the MPAA for violence adult situations adult language sexual situations.
 The Woman in the Case is a 1916 Australian silent film based on a popular play by Clyde Fitch.It is considered a lost film.
 Las Campanas de Teresa is a 1957 Argentine film.
 Caroline and Jackie is a 2012 arthouse drama film written and directed by Adam Christian Clark. Set in Los Angeles over the course of one night the script focuses on the emotionally complex relationship between two sisters and their close group of friends.
 Two Days in the Smoke is an upcoming English crime thriller film directed by Ben Pickering.
 Rocky Mountain Mystery is a 1935 American Western mystery film directed by Charles Barton and starring Randolph Scott Mrs. Leslie Carter and Ann Sheridan. Based on an unpublished novel Golden Dreams by Zane Grey the film is about a mining engineer who teams up with a crusty deputy sheriff to solve a series of mystery killings at an old radium mine where the owner's family waits for his death for their inheritance. The film was re-released under the title The Fighting Westerner.
 All for a Girl is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 China Clipper is a 1936 dramatic film written by Frank Spig Wead produced by First National Pictures distributed by parent company Warner Brothers and starring Pat O'Brien Ross Alexander Humphrey Bogart and in his last motion picture appearance the venerable Henry B. Walthall as Dad. Walthall was gravely ill during production and his illness is incorporated into his character's role; he died during production.
 Story of a Love Story also known as Impossible Object is a 1973 drama film starring Alan Bates and Dominique Sanda. It was directed by John Frankenheimer and based on a novel by Nicholas Mosley. It was screened at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.
 Private Worlds (1935) is a drama film which tells the story of the staff and patients at a mental hospital and the chief of the hospital who has problems dealing with a female psychiatrist. The film stars Claudette Colbert Charles Boyer Joel McCrea Joan Bennett and Helen Vinson.The movie was written by Phyllis Bottome Gregory La Cava and Lynn Starling and was directed by La Cava.
 Round Midnight is a 1986 American-French musical drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and written by Tavernier and David Rayfiel. It stars Dexter Gordon François Cluzet and Herbie Hancock. Martin Scorsese Philippe Noiret and Wayne Shorter appear in cameos.The protagonist jazzman Dale Turner was based on a composite of real-life jazz legends Lester Young (tenor sax) and Bud Powell (piano).
 The Clown and the Kid is a 1961 film.
 Otogirisou (弟切草 Otogirisō lit. St John's wort) is a Japanese horror movie directed by Ten Shimoyama and released in 2001. It is based on the visual novel Otogirisō by Chunsoft featured on the SNES gaming console.
 Nizhal Thedum Nenjangal is a 1982 Kollywood film directed by P. S. Nivas starring Rajeev Vijayashanti Vadivukkarasi Subhadra Banuchankar Goundamani Master Suresh Moorthi and Sreekanth.
 The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink. The film was written by David Hare and directed by Stephen Daldry. Ralph Fiennes and Kate Winslet star along with the young actor David Kross. It was the last film for producers Anthony Minghella and Sydney Pollack both of whom had died before it was released.
 Jew Suss: Rise and Fall (German: Jud Süss – Film ohne Gewissen) is a 2010 German drama film directed by Oskar Roehler dramatising the creation process of the 1940 antisemitic Nazi propaganda film Jud Süß. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.In Germany the film received poor reviews reproached with factual inaccuracies clichés and stereotypical characters.
 Airlock or How To Say Goodbye In Space is a short British science fiction film.This film was nominated for the Shine Award at the Bradford International Film Festival 2008.
 The Girl in the Kremlin is a 1957 American thriller which puts forth the premise that Joseph Stalin (played by Maurice Manson) faked his own death in 1953 and then moved to Greece with a fortune in Soviet currency. Zsa Zsa Gabor plays a dual role Stalin’s nurse and lover as well as her twin sister who unaware of Stalin’s plot hires an ex O.S.S. agent (Lex Barker) to find her sister.This was the last of five films directed by Russell Birdwell a well-known publicist.
 The Orchid Gardener is a 1977 experimental film with a mysterious and symbolic plot directed by Lars von Trier.
 The Bride Wore Boots is a 1946 romantic comedy film with Barbara Stanwyck in the title role playing opposite Robert Cummings. A very young Natalie Wood is seen in the film directed by Irving Pichel.This was Stanwyck's last feature comedy. Some years later she complained to columnist Hedda Hopper I've always got my eye out for a good comedy. Remember Ball of Fire and The Lady Eve? But they don't seem to write that kind of comedy anymore -- just a series of gags.
 Parama Veera Chakra is a 2011 Tollywood patriotic film directed by veteran Dasari Narayana Rao and produced by C. Kalyan under the Teja Cinema banner. It was the 150th film directed by Dasari. The film had an ensemble cast starring Nandamuri Balakrishna Ameesha Patel Sheela Neha Dhupia Jayasudha Roja and Murali Mohan. The music was composed by Mani Sharma.The film released during the 2011 Sankranthi weekend to poor reviews and was a box-office failure.
 The Lost World is a 1998 film based on the book of the same title by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 New Police Story is also an alternate title for the 1993 Hong Kong film Crime Story.New Police Story (Chinese: 新警察故事; Mandarin Pinyin: Xīn Jǐngchá Gùshì; Jyutping: San1 ging5 chaat3 gu3 si6) is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan and also produced by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 24 September 2004.The film is a reboot of the Police Story series.
 Kaks' tavallista Lahtista is a 1960 Finnish drama film directed by Ville Salminen. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Caffeine is a 2006 comedy starring Marsha Thomason Mena Suvari Breckin Meyer Katherine Heigl and Mike Vogel. It revolves around relationships of the staff and patrons of the quirky Black Cat Cafe in London one day. Rated R for mild violence adult language and adult content.
 Neelakuyil (English: The Blue Cuckoo; Malayalam: നീലക്കുയിൽ) is a 1954 Malayalam film jointly directed by P. Bhaskaran and Ramu Kariat. It is a neo-realistic melodrama and was based on a story written by Uroob. Uroob co-wrote the screenplay and dialogues along with P. Bhaskaran. Neelakuyil tells the story of the love affair of a Dalit girl and an educated high caste school teacher. It stars Sathyan Miss Kumari Prema P. Bhaskaran and Master Vipin.
 Reach for the Sky is a 2001 Israeli documentary film which follows a group of young Israelis as they struggle to become pilots in their nation's army. But after all that they go through only some will enjoy the honor of wearing those wings. The rest will be ordinary soldiers. After the six days are over they sit the young soldiers down and in a frank tone the leading officer reads off everyone’s names telling them bluntly whether they passed or failed.
 Devil Fetus (魔胎) is a 1983 Hong Kong film directed by Lau Hung Chuen.
 Pixie Hollow Games is a half-hour television special broadcast on November 19 2011 based on the Disney Fairies franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios. It features the voices of Mae Whitman Lucy Liu Raven-Symoné Megan Hilty Angela Bartys and others as Tinker Bell and the other fairies of Pixie Hollow in Never Land taking part in an Olympic-style competition. It is based loosely on J. M.
 Cheerful Weather for the Wedding is a 2012 British comedy drama film directed by Donald Rice and starring Felicity Jones Luke Treadaway and Elizabeth McGovern. Adapted from the 1932 novella Cheerful Weather for the Wedding by Julia Strachey of the Bloomsbury Group the film is about a young woman on her wedding day who worries that she's about to marry the wrong man while both her fiancé and her former lover grow increasingly anxious about the event.
 The Phantoms is a 2012 Canadian film based on the true story of the tragic Bathurst bus crash in Northern New Brunswick in 2008. The film aired on CBC Television on November 18 2012.
 All is at Stake (German:Es geht um alles) is a 1932 German comedy thriller film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Luciano Albertini Claire Rommer and Ernö Verebes.
 Texas Lady is a 1955 film made by RKO Radio Pictures directed by Tim Whelan and starring Claudette Colbert Barry Sullivan and Ray Collins. It tells the story of a female publisher who encounters injustice and violence in a Texas town.
 Sunday 7 PM is a 1990 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Shaji Kailas for producer Basheer Changanassery starring Saikumar Lalu Alex Silk Smitha Sulakshana and Nimmy Daniels. Shaji Kailas started News simultaneously with Sunday 7 PM but News became his debut release followed by Sunday 7 PM.
 Bart Got a Room is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by Brian Hecker and stars Steven Kaplan Alia Shawkat William H. Macy and Cheryl Hines. Also appearing in the film are Ashley Benson Brandon Hardesty Kate Micucci Jennifer Tilly Dinah Manoff and Chad Jamian Williams as Bart. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25 2008. It had a limited US release in select theaters on April 3 2009 and was released on DVD on July 28 2009.
 The Vanishing is a 1993 thriller starring Jeff Bridges Kiefer Sutherland and Nancy Travis. It is an American remake of a 1988 Franco-Dutch film also called The Vanishing and also directed by George Sluizer.
 Putih Abu-Abu dan Sepatu Kets is an Indonesian drama film released on October 29 2009 directed by Nayato Fio Nuala and produced by Firman Bintang. It starring by Arumi Bachsin Adipati Koesmadji Michella Putri Rendy Septino Rana Audi Marissa Fildha Elishandi and Steven William.
 Yellowknife is a 2002 film by Canadian director Rodrigue Jean his second long feature after Full Blast.
 Marianel is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Julio Porter.
 Place de la Concorde is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Georges Méliès. The film is now classified as lost and no surviving footage is known to exist.
 Tired Theodore (originally Der müde Theodor) is a 1957 West German film directed by Géza von Cziffra.
 Pokiri Raja (Telugu: 	పోకిరి రాజా) is a 1995 Tollywood Action- Drama film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and produced by A.Venkat Rami Reddy. Venkatesh Roja and Prathibha Sinha played the lead roles. The film was a remake of Hindi film Aankhen.
 Arabeem Ottakom P. Madhavan Nayarum in Oru Marubhoomikkadha ( English: The Arab the Camel and P. Madhavan Nair in a Desert Tale also titled as Oru Marubhoomikkadha abbreviated AOPM) is a 2011 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Mohanlal Mukesh Lakshmi Rai and Bhavana in pivotal roles. The film was one of the biggest grossers among the 2011 releases.
 This article is about the 2000 drama film Net Worth. For the 1995 hockey film also called Net Worth see Net Worth (TV film).Net Worth is a 2000 drama film that starred Todd Field Craig Sheffer Daniel Baldwin Michael T. Weiss Tara Wood Ernie Garrett and Alix Koromzay. It was directed by Kenny Griswold from a script writtern by Kenny Griswold and Bill Kerig.
 The Lady with the Dog (Russian: Дама с собачкой translit. Dama s sobachkoy) is a 1960 Soviet drama film directed by Iosif Kheifits. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mansfield Park is a 1999 British romantic comedy-drama film loosely based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name written and directed by Patricia Rozema. The film differs sharply from the original novel in many respects. For example the life of Jane Austen is incorporated into the film and the issues of slavery and plantations as well. The majority of the film was made at Kirby Hall in Northamptonshire.
 Yo tengo fe is a 1974 Argentine film.
 A House A Home is a 2012 American short film/narrative music video scored by Alialujah Choir and features Portland Cello Project. Based on the song of the same name by Adam Shearer and Adam Selzer the film adaptation was directed by Daniel Fickle produced by Mark Smith and written by Daniel Fickle and Mark Smith.
 Vendetta is an action film written and directed by Stephen Reynolds and starring Roxanne McKee Danny Dyer Vincent Regan and Bruce Payne.
 I Don't Luv U is a 2013 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Ruslaan Mumtaz and Chetna Pande in the lead roles. The film is produced by Amit Kasaria under the banner of Amrapali Media Vision. The film was released on 17 May 2013 in India.
 The Missing is a 2003 American Revisionist Western thriller film directed by Ron Howard based on Thomas Eidson's 1996 novel The Last Ride. The film is set in 1885 New Mexico Territory is notable for the authentic use of the Apache language by various actors some of whom spent long hours studying it. The film was produced by Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 The Outcome (Spanish: El desenlace) is a 2005 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Pinzás. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival. It is the 31st Dogme 95 film.
 Almost a Woman is a 2001 made-for-television film directed by Betty Kaplan and based on the autobiographical book of the same name by Puerto Rican writer Esmeralda Santiago. This captivating movie is about a young woman named Esmeralda and her family move to New York from a rural area of Puerto Rico. The transition is difficult due to the many challenges she and her family face. Esmeralda Santiago (Ana Maria Lagasca) takes on the life roles of daughter student and translator for her family.
 →Soorya Kireedam is a horror Malayalam language film. It was released in 2007.
 The Young Girls of Rochefort (French: Les Demoiselles de Rochefort; literally The Young Ladies of Rochefort) is a 1967 French musical film written and directed by Jacques Demy starring Catherine Deneuve her sister Françoise Dorléac Jacques Perrin Michel Piccoli Danielle Darrieux George Chakiris Grover Dale and Gene Kelly. The choreography was by Norman Maen.Michel Legrand composed the score to Demy's lyrics.
 Billy the Kid's Gun Justice is a 1940 American western directed by Sam Newfield for Producers Releasing Corporation and 3rd in PRC's Billy the Kid series.
 Sri Kanaka Mahalaxmi Recording Dance Troupe is a 1988 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Vamsy starring Naresh and Madhuri in lead role.
 O Maria is a Konkani language film released in 2010 in Goa India. It is the fourth film by Rajendra Talak after the National Award winning Aleesha in 2004 Antarnad in 2006 and Sawariya.com in 2008.
 Love is Colder Than Death (German: Liebe ist kälter als der Tod) is a 1969 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder his first feature film. The cinematographer Dietrich Lohmann and the cast as an ensemble won an award at the German Film Awards in 1970.Fassbinder features as the petty hood Franz who at the start of the movie refuses to join the Syndicate.
 The Land That Time Forgot (promotionally titled Edgar Rice Burrough's The Land That Time Forgot release in other countries as Dinosaur Island) is a 2009 science fiction film by independent American film studio The Asylum. The film is an adaptation of the 1918 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel of the same name and a re-make of the 1975 film starring Doug McClure.
 Pensionat Paradiset is a 1937 Swedish film directed by Weyler Hildebrand.
 Yuma is a 1971 western TV-film starring Clint Walker directed by Ted Post and shot in Old Tucson. The film was originally a television pilot that appeared on the ABC Movie of the Week.
 Chelsea Walls is a 2001 independent film directed by Ethan Hawke and released by Lions Gate Entertainment. It stars Kris Kristofferson Uma Thurman Rosario Dawson and Robert Sean Leonard among others with original score by Jeff Tweedy of Wilco. The story takes place in the historic Chelsea Hotel in New York City.
 Ajantha is an Indian film directed and produced by Rajppa Ravishankar which was shot in Tamil Telugu Kannada and Malayalam with different casts. The lead role was played by Vinu Mohan in Malayalam Ramana in Tamil Sai Kiran in Telugu and Venkatesh in the Kannada version.
 Three Sisters is a 1970 film starring Alan Bates Laurence Olivier and Joan Plowright based on the 1900 play by Anton Chekhov. Olivier also directed with co-director John Sichel. The film was based on a theatre production that Olivier directed at the Royal National Theatre in 1967. It had its U.S. release as part of the American Film Theatre series in 1974.
 Love & Basketball is a 2000 American romantic drama film starring Omar Epps and Sanaa Lathan. The film tells the story of Quincy McCall (Epps) and Monica Wright (Lathan) two next-door neighbors in Los Angeles California who are pursuing their basketball careers before eventually falling for each other. The film was produced by 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks and marks the directing debut of screenwriter Gina Prince-Bythewood.
 The Vigilantes Return is a 1947 western film produced by Universal Pictures in Cinecolor. The film was shot in Iverson Ranch in Chatsworth Los Angeles California.
 God's Thunder or Le Tonnerre de Dieu is a 1965 French Italian and West German produced comedy film directed by Denys de La Patellière. The film is set in Nantes.
 Mean Guns is a 1997 action film starring Ice-T Christopher Lambert Michael Halsey Deborah Van Valkenburgh and Hunter Doughty; directed by Albert Pyun.
 Dante's Inferno is a 2007 comedy film performed with hand-drawn paper puppets on a toy theater stage. The film was adapted from the book Dante's Inferno by Sandow Birk and Marcus Sanders (Chronicle Books 2004) which is a modern update of the canticle Inferno from Dante Alighieri's epic poem The Divine Comedy. The film chronicles Dante's (voiced by Dermot Mulroney) journeys through the underworld guided by Virgil (voiced by James Cromwell).
 Just a Gigolo (1931) is a romantic comedy film released by MGM. It was directed by Jack Conway produced by Irving Thalberg and starred William Haines Irene Purcell C. Aubrey Smith and Ray Milland. It was adapted from the 1930 play of the same name which also starred Irene Purcell in the role of Roxana 'Roxy' Hartley. The film features the song Just a Gigolo.
 The African Queen is a 1951 adventure film adapted from the 1935 novel of the same name by C. S. Forester. The film was directed by John Huston and produced by Sam Spiegel and John Woolf. The screenplay was adapted by James Agee John Huston John Collier and Peter Viertel. It was photographed in Technicolor by Jack Cardiff and had a music score by Allan Gray.
 Video Clip or VDO Clip (Thai: วิดีโอคลิป) is a 2007 Thai horror film directed by Pakphum Wonjinda.
 Pete & Cleo is a 2010 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Holt Hamilton.
 Joseph's Gift is a 1998 feature film. It is a modern-day retelling of the Biblical story of Joseph son of Jacob.
 a/k/a Tommy Chong written produced and directed by Josh Gilbert is a documentary film that chronicles the Drug Enforcement Administration raid on comedian Tommy Chong's house and his subsequent jail sentence for trafficking in illegal drug paraphernalia. He was sentenced to nine months in federal prison. DEA agents raided Chong's Pacific Palisades California home on the morning of February 24 2003.
 Great Mazinger vs. Getter Robo G: Kuchu Daigekitotsu (グレートマジンガー対ゲッターロボG 空中大激突 Gurēto Majingā tai Gettā Robo Jī Kūchū Daigekitotsu Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robot G: The Great Clash in the Sky) is an animated film produced by Toei Doga. It is a crossover anime between Great Mazinger and Getter Robo G. It was originally shown in theaters along with Uchu Enban Daisenso. They both premiered in July 26 1975 (1975-07-26) in Japan.As with the rest of Toei's Mazinger Vs.
 Jack is a 2014 German drama film directed by Edward Berger. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 ...denn die Musik und die Liebe in Tirol is a 1963 West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Vivi Bach Claus Biederstaedt and Hannelore Auer.
 Pals in Paradise is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz. The film was shot in Europe.
 Con el diablo en el cuerpo is a 1947 Argentine film.
 Sabse Badkar Hum is an action Hindi film made in 2002. A revenge drama with Mithun Manik Bedi and Samrat Mukherjee in the lead role.
 La Tulipe noire (The Black Tulip) is a French-Italian-Spanish film loosely based on the novel of the same name by Alexandre Dumas. It is essentially a star vehicle for the popular French actor Alain Delon.
 Ali G Innit is a VHS release (later re-issued on DVD) of Ali G interview segments from The 11 O'Clock Show as well as footage not broadcast. It is hosted by Ali G himself.
 La Cómplice is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Do Chehere is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Dharmendra and Prem Nath.
 Mania (Greek: Μανία) is a 1985 Greek adventure film directed by Giorgos Panousopoulos. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Flat (Hebrew: הדירה) is a 2011 Israeli feature documentary film written and directed by Arnon Goldfinger. It was theatrically released in Israel in September 2011. It played continuously for thirteen months and has received good reviews. Time Out Tel Aviv chose to place the film at the top of its recommended films for 49 weeks under the headline: “not to be missed” and chose it as one of the 25 most important art works from around the world for 2011.
 Half a Sinner is a 1940 American film directed by Al Christie. It stars Heather Angel as a schoolteacher who in one day becomes Public Enemy Number One in Pennsylvania. The film is based on Dalton Trumbo's short story Lady Takes a Chance. The working titles of this film were Everything Happens to Ann and The Lady Takes a Chance.
 Four Sided Triangle is a 1953 British science-fiction film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Stephen Murray Barbara Payton and James Hayter. It was made by Hammer Film Productions at Bray Studios.The film dealt with the moral and scientific themes (not to mention mad lab scenes) that were soon to put Hammer Films on the map with the same director's The Curse of Frankenstein. Four Sided Triangle has most in common with Fisher's Frankenstein Created Woman (1967).
 Ureme 8: Esperman and Ureme 8 (1993) is the eighth in the Ureme series of Korean children's science-fiction films. After separating in the previous two entries director Kim Cheong-gi and star Shim Hyung-rae were reunited in this film. This is the eighth installment in the Ureme saga.
 Kranti (English: Revolution) is a 1981 Indian Hindi film produced and directed by Manoj Kumar. It stars Manoj Kumar along with a very large cast consisting of Dilip Kumar Shashi Kapoor Hema Malini Shatrughan Sinha Parveen Babi Sarika Prem Chopra Madan Puri and Paintal. The story was written by Javed Akhtar. The film marked the return of Dilip Kumar after a five year hiatus.
 The White Girl is a 1990 dramatic film written produced and directed by Tony Brown.
 The Territory of White Deer (Czech: Území bílých králů German: Das Geheimnis der weißen Hirsche) is a Czech TV series. The story centers around a group of children led by Leontinka (Zuzana Vejvodová) and Olda (Lukáš Jenčík). Father of Leontinka (Jan Kanyza) manages the local Deer Park with an invaluable breed of white deer. A series of mysterious events unfolds threatening the deer. Leontinka and Olda who is in turn a son of a local police officer (Pavel Zedníček) search for the villain.
 The Voter is an upcoming Malayalam film starring Salim Kumar and directed by Priyanandanan.
 The Way of the Strong is a silent crime drama film directed by Frank Capra. It was produced by Harry Cohn for Columbia Pictures.
 Urgh! A Music War is a British film released in 1982 featuring performances by punk rock New Wave and post-punk acts filmed in 1980. Among the artists featured in the movie are Magazine The Go-Go's The Fleshtones Joan Jett and the Blackhearts XTC Devo The Cramps Oingo Boingo Dead Kennedys Gary Numan Klaus Nomi Wall of Voodoo Pere Ubu Steel Pulse Surf Punks 999 UB40 Echo & the Bunnymen and The Police.
 Vrindavanam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006.
 Fire Sale is a 1977 comedy film starring Alan Arkin (who also directed) as Ezra Fikus; Rob Reiner as his brother Russel; Vincent Gardenia as their father Benny; Sid Caesar as Benny's brother Sherman; Anjanette Comer as Marion (Ezra's wife); and Kay Medford as Ruth (Benny's wife).
 Good Cider is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 My Neighbors the Yamadas (ホーホケキョとなりの山田くん Hōhokekyo Tonari no Yamada-kun) is a 1999 Japanese anime comedy film directed by Isao Takahata and released by Studio Ghibli on 17 July 1999. The film is a family comedy that is presented in a comic strip style which is unusual since all the other Studio Ghibli movies are presented in the traditional anime style of Studio Ghibli. It was produced by Toshio Suzuki.
 Danger by My Side is a 1962 British crime thriller directed by Charles Saunders and starring Anthony Oliver.
 Fear of a Brown Planet Returns is a 2011 Australian concert film directed by Danielle Karalus featuring Australian comedy duo Fear of a Brown Planet (Aamer Rahman and Nazeem Hussain).
 Hawayein (Punjabi: ਹਵਾਏਂ) (Hindi: हवायें) is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by Ammtoje Mann. The movie stars Babbu Mann Ammtoje Mann and Sunny Mann. The film's tagline is Some winds don’t blow… Yet take away everything. The film set against the backdrop to the anti-Sikh riots of 1984 is banned in the Indian states of Delhi and Punjab.
 Monkey Business (1952) is a screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and written by Ben Hecht which stars Cary Grant Ginger Rogers Charles Coburn and Marilyn Monroe. To avoid confusion with the famous 1931 Marx Brothers movie of the same name this film is sometimes referred to as Howard Hawks' Monkey Business.
 Niagara Falls is a 1932 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle. It was the final film that Arbuckle directed.
 Closed Curtain (Persian: Pardé – پرده‎) is a 2013 Iranian drama film by Jafar Panahi and Kambuzia Partovi. It premiered at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival on February 12 2013 where Panahi won the Silver Bear for Best Script. It was shot secretly at Panahi's own beachfront villa on the Caspian Sea. Panahi stated that he began shooting the film in a state of melancholy but managed to recover by the film's completion.
 Kidnapper (绑匪 Bangfei) is a 2010 Singaporean thriller film about a kidnap set in Singapore. The first action-thriller film made by Kelvin Tong it was a joint venture between Scorpio East Pictures of Singapore and RAM Pictures and PMP Entertainment from Malaysia. Tong opted for a thriller film as opposed to an full-fledged action film as he felt this was more realistic in Singapore saying people here (in Singapore) don't run around with machine guns.
 Kevvu Keka (Telugu: కెవ్వు కేక) is a 2013 Telugu comedy film written and directed by Devi Prasad produced by Boppana Chandrasekhar under Jahnavi Productions banner and starring Allari Naresh and Sharmiela Mandre in lead roles. Cinematography is handled by Adusumilli Vijay Kumar and editing will be done by Hari Nandamuri. Soundtrack for the film will be composed by Bheems and Chinni Charan. The film is scheduled to release in July 19 2013.
 Anbe Aaruyire (2005) (Tamil: அன்பே ஆருயிரே English: Darling) is a Tamil language romantic drama film directed by S.J. Suryah. The film stars him Nila Urvasi Santhana Bharathy and Santhanam. The score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman. The movie was met with controversy even before release due to its original name of B.F. which according to the director stood for best friend but is also a common acronym for blue film in India.
 The Wings of the Kirin (麒麟の翼 〜劇場版・新参者〜 Kirin no Tsubasa: Gekijōban Shinzanmono) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Nobuhiro Doi.
 Anmol Tasveer is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Satyen Bose.
 Control is a 2007 biographical film about the life of Ian Curtis singer of the late-1970s English post-punk band Joy Division. It is the first feature film directed by Anton Corbijn who had worked with Joy Division as a photographer. The screenplay by Matt Greenhalgh was based on the biography Touching from a Distance by Curtis' widow Deborah who served as a co-producer on the film.
 A Million Bid is a 1927 silent drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Dolores Costello. It is based on a play Agnes by Gladys Rankin Drew aka George Cameron. An incomplete print of this film with Italian intertitles is housed at the Library of Congress.Previously filmed in 1914 as A Million Bid (1914). The author of the play Gladys Rankin who died in 1914 was the wife of Sidney Drew and thereby was an aunt by marriage of John Barrymore Dolores Costello's future husband.
 Apartheid Did Not Die is a 1998 Carlton Television documentary written and presented by John Pilger which was directed and produced by Alan Lowery which provides analysis of South Africa's then new democratic government.
 Air Diary (simplified Chinese: 飞行日志; traditional Chinese: 飛行日誌; pinyin: Fēixíng rìzhì) released in September 2007 is a Chinese semi-autobiographical film based on pop singer Xu Fei's early musical career. It is the first movie produced by Jackie Chan under his Chinese New Movie Supporting Scheme (Chinese: 中国新电影扶植计划).
 Svegliati e uccidi (internationally released as Wake Up and Die and Too Soon to Die) is a 1966 Italian crime drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the real life of Luciano Lutring an Italian criminal known as the machine-gun soloist (il solista del mitra).For this film Lisa Gastoni was awarded with a Silver Ribbon for Best Actress.
 Say Hi to Pencil! (Vietnamese : Xin chào Bút Chì !) is a 2011 Vietnamese clay animation comedy film produced by the group SleepingCatFilm.
 The Mexican Dream is a tragic comedy film written and directed by Gustavo Hernández Pérez inspired by true events.
 Rasputin the Mad Monk is a 1966 Hammer film directed by Don Sharp. It stars Christopher Lee as Grigori Rasputin the Russian peasant-mystic notable for gaining great influence with the Tsars prior to the Russian Revolution. It also features Barbara Shelley Francis Matthews Suzan Farmer Richard Pasco Dinsdale Landen and Renée Asherson.
 Without Honor is a 1949 film noir directed by Irving Pichel and featuring Laraine Day and Dane Clark.
 Ekhrajiha (Persian: اخراجی‌ها‎ The Outcasts) is a 2007 Iranian film written and directed by Masoud Dehnamaki narrating a story during Iran–Iraq War.The film is Dehnamaki's first feature film after he directed two documentaries about social problems in Iran.
 Ray is a 2004 biographical film focusing on 30 years of the life of rhythm and blues musician Ray Charles. The independently produced film was directed by Taylor Hackford and stars Jamie Foxx in the title role; Foxx received an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance.Charles was set to attend an opening of the completed film but he died of liver disease in June several months before its premiere.
 Dormant Beauty (Italian: Bella addormentata) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio and starring Toni Servillo and Isabelle Huppert. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.For this film Maya Sansa won the David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actress.
 La Calle grita is a 1948 Argentine film.
 Marupuram (Template:The Other Side) is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thamp1 and jointly written by Renjith and Kaloor Dennis . The film stars Jayaram Mukesh Urvashi Sukumaran Ashokan M. G. Soman Mahesh and Devan in the lead roles. The movie was a flop at box office.
 No Place to Hide a.k.a. Rebel is a 1970 film starring Sylvester Stallone. The film is about New York in the late 1960s; a politically motivated group of students plans bombings of company offices who do business with dictators in Central American countries. But when they contact a known terrorist and bombing specialist the FBI gets on their track.
 Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers is a 2006 documentary film made by Robert Greenwald and Brave New Films. Produced while the Iraq War was in full swing the film deals with the alleged war profiteering and negligence of private contractors and consultants who went to Iraq as part of the US war effort.Specifically the film claims four major contractors - Blackwater K.B.R.-Halliburton CACI and Titan - were over-billing the U.S.
 Gokarna is a 2003 Kannada film starring Upendra and Rakshita. The film was directed by Naganna and was produced under Upendra's banner of Anegudda Vinayaka Productions. Music for the film was scored by Gurukiran. It is the second among a series of films by Upendra and Naganna. The film also starred Madhu Bangarappa Tennis Krishna S.Ramesh Satyajit Dr.Nagesh and Indhudhar in supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 1992 Tamil film Annamalai starring Rajinikanth.
 Superman (Malayalam: സൂപ്പർമാൻ) is 1997 Malayalam film by Rafi Mecartin starring Jayaram and Shobana in lead roles. The film was produced and distributed by Siddique Lal and Azeez under the banner of Kavyachandrika Release.
 Captain Kishore is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 'Lone Wolf McQuade' is a 1983 action film starring Chuck Norris David Carradine Barbara Carrera L.Q. Jones R.G. Armstrong Leon Isaac Kennedy and Robert Beltran and is directed by Steve Carver. The film score was written by Francesco De Masi and borrows heavily from Ennio Morricone's score for Once Upon a Time in the West.
 Phir Wohi Raat (Hindi: फ़िर वही रात; transliteration: Same night again) is a 1980 suspense film of horror genre starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead role as a psychologist doctor opposite Kim Yashpal. Danny later on married Kim Yashpal. The music is by R.D.Burman. This is the first and the only film directed by Danny Denzongpa. It fetched 2.4 crore in 1980 and became a hit.
 Savage Dawn is a 1985 action and drama film. The film was directed by Simon Nuchtern the film stars Lance Henriksen George Kennedy Karen Black and William Forsythe
 Ambara (Kannada: ಅಂಬರ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada language romance film written and directed by Sen Prakash. The film stars Yogesh and Bhama in the lead roles. Anand Raj has produced the film under Aura Cinemas banner. Abhiman Roy has scored the music and Soori is the cinematographer.
 Love Me Deadly is a 1973 film starring Mary Charlotte Wilcox Lyle Waggoner and Christopher Stone.
 Anything for Her (French: Pour elle) is a 2008 French thriller film starring Diane Kruger and Vincent Lindon and is the directorial debut of Fred Cavayé. The film was remade in the United States in 2010 as The Next Three Days.
 Screaming Eagles is a 1956 black-and-white World War II film directed by Charles F. Haas and released by Allied Artists. It stars Tom Tryon Jan Merlin and was the film debut of Jacqueline Beer a French Miss Universe 1954 runner up. The story is set during the night of the Normandy Invasion where the 101st Airborne Division jumps into France. The title of the film refers to the nickname of the Division based on its shoulder sleeve insignia.
 My Six Loves is a 1963 comedy film starring Debbie Reynolds as a Broadway star who takes a vacation and finds herself responsible for six abandoned children in Gower Champion's directorial debut. It is based on the novel of the same name by Peter Funk.
 Specimens of Beauty is a documentary about the rock band Phish recording their 2004 album Undermind.
 Bombil & Beatrice is a movie by Kaizad Gustad released at the Cannes film festival in 2007.
 Love Me Tender is a 1956 American black-and-white CinemaScope motion picture directed by Robert D. Webb and released by 20th Century Fox on November 15 1956. The film named after the song stars Richard Egan Debra Paget and finally Elvis Presley in his acting debut. It is in the Western genre with musical numbers. As Presley's movie debut it was the only time in his acting career that he did not receive top billing.
 The Burning of the Red Lotus Temple is a Chinese silent film serial directed by Zhang Shichuan. The film adapted from the novel The Tale of the Extraordinary Swordsman focuses on the rescue of a commander held captive in a temple full of traps.The Burning of the Red Lotus Temple is among the longest films ever produced and the longest major release running 27 hours in total. The Mingxing Film Company production was released in 19 feature-length parts between 1928 and 1931.
 The Hour of the Pig is a 1993 British/French film by writer/director Leslie Megahey produced by the BBC. The film stars Colin Firth Ian Holm Donald Pleasence Nicol Williamson Jim Carter and Amina Annabi. It was released in the United States as The Advocate.
 Strictly Business is an 1991 American comedy film directed by Kevin Hooks and starring Tommy Davidson Joseph C. Phillips and Halle Berry. The supporting cast includes Anne-Marie Johnson David Marshall Grant Jon Cypher and Samuel L. Jackson. The film follows the ways of a mail clerk as he tries to hook his executive friend up with his clubbing girl pal and plays on comedy business romance and ethics.
 Bandhobi (Hangul: 반두비; RR: Bandubi) is a 2009 South Korean indie film about a frustrated and rebellious high school student who ends up becoming a friend of a migrant worker from Bangladesh who is desperate to receive his unpaid back wages. The title means female friend in Bengali.Lead actor Mahbub Alam is a longtime resident of Korea who entered the country as a migrant worker.
 Sparsh (Devnagari: स्पर्श in English: Touch) is a 1980 Indian Hindi feature film directed by Sai Paranjpye. It stars Naseeruddin Shah and Shabana Azmi playing the characters of a visually impaired principal and a sighted teacher in a school for the blind where they fall in love though soon their complexes tag along and they struggle to get past them to reconnect with the touch of love.
 Grounding - Die letzten Tage der Swissair (en:Grounding - The last days of Swissair) is a film about the collapse in 2001 of Swissair Switzerland's national airline by Michael Steiner and Tobias Fueter presented in January 2006. Producers: Peter-Christian Fueter & Pascal Najadi.
 Love '47 (German: Liebe 47) is a 1949 German drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Dieter Horn Hilde Krahl and Sylvia Schwarz. It was part of the cycle of rubble films made in post-war Germany. A young man and a woman about to commit suicide by jumping into a river recount to each other their experiences of the Second World War and the struggles of the immediate post-war situation.
 This England is a 1941 British historical drama film directed by David MacDonald and starring John Clements Constance Cummings and Emlyn Williams. The film follows the small English village of Cleveley and its historic resistance against tyrannical invaders recounted by one of the inhabitants to a visiting American journalist.
 Do Numbri is a 1998 Hindi-language action film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Sneha Suvarna Mathew Sadashiv Amrapurkar Johnny Lever and Manoj Joshi
 Armored Car Robbery is a 1950 American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Charles McGraw. The movie was filmed on location in Los Angeles California.Armored Car Robbery is a heist movie a sub-genre of crime-based films. It tells the story of a well-planned robbery of cash from an armored car when it stops at a sports stadium. The heist goes awry and a tough Los Angeles cop sets off in hot pursuit of the culprits.
 Children of the Dragon is a 1992 Australian mini series set against the background of the 1989 Tiananmen Square uprising.It was shot at the ABC Frenchs Forest Studios and at the Sydney Showground.
 This Ain't Glee XXX is a 2010 American pornographic musical comedy film written by Marc Star and directed by Axel Braun. Based on the television series Glee the film stars Andy San Dimas as Rachel Berry and features parody songs written by Star.
 Vi arme syndere (English: Us Petty Sinners) is a 1952 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and Ole Palsbo.
 Der Mann im Pyjama is a German comedy film starring Otto Sander and Elke Sommer. The film won the Ernst Lubitsch Award for best actor (Sander).
 Domingo de carnaval is a 1945 Spanish crime film written directed and produced by Edgar Neville.
 Quicksilver is an American drama film released in 1986 on Columbia Pictures starring Kevin Bacon. The film was written and directed by Thomas Michael Donnelly the film also includes Jami Gertz Paul Rodriguez Louie Anderson Laurence Fishburne and Rudy Ramos.
 The Human Face is a 4 part BBC series that examines the science behind facial beauty expression and fame. Actor and comedian John Cleese investigated identity perception creativity and sexuality and their relation to the human face combining art technology and human interest stories. Paul Ekman served as scientific adviser.
 Ponnu Mani (Tamil: பொண்ணுமணி) is a 1993 Tamil-language film directed by R. V. Udayakumar starring Karthik Soundarya and Sivakumar. It was a commercial success at the box office and received positive recognition. The movie completed 100 day run in Chennai Kovai Madurai and got similar response in other parts of Kongu region. It was the second victory for RV.Udayakumar-Karthik duo.
 Tales of a Golden Geisha (also known as あげまん and Ageman) is a 1990 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami.The film stars two of Itami's regular actors Nobuko Miyamoto as a geisha who brings luck to the men with whom she sleeps and Masahiko Tsugawa as her unfaithful sometimes partner.
 Just Around the Corner is a 1938 American musical film directed by Irving Cummings. The screenplay by Ethel Hill Darrell Ware and J. P. McEvoy was based on the novel Lucky Penny by Paul Girard Smith. The film focuses on the tribulations of little Penny Hale (Temple) and her architect father (Farrell) after he is forced by circumstances to accept a job as janitor. The film was the fourth and last cinematic song and dance pairing of Shirley Temple and Bill Robinson.
 Hoodwink is a 1981 Australian thriller film directed by Claude Whatham and written by Ken Quinnell. It stars John Hargreaves and Judy Davis. The film is based on the true story of a well-publicized Australian con artist. It was nominated for eight Australian Film Institute Awards with Davis winning the Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
 City Under the Sea (released as War-Gods of the Deep in USA) is a 1965 science fiction film. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur (his final film) and starred Vincent Price Tab Hunter and David Tomlinson.The plot concerns the discovery of a lost city beneath the sea off the coast of Cornwall.
 Panic (Originally Bakterion also released as Zombi 4 in Greece) is a 1982 Italian / Spanish film directed by Tonino Ricci.
 The Particular Cowboys is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Three Is a Family is a 1944 comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Sound Recording (W. V. Wolfe).
 Her Moment is a 1918 American silent drama directed by Frank Beal and starring William Garwood and Anne Luther.
 Hipólito el de Santa (Hippolytis the Saint) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes and written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Hope is a 2006 Telugu film directed by Satish Kasetty. The film was showcased at International Film Festival of India in 2008. As director he has won the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues. He was the jury member for South Region II at the 59th National Film Awards.
 Stranger by Night is a 1994 action film starring Steven Bauer Jennifer Rubin and William Katt. It was directed by Gregory Dark. The film was released on November 23 1994.
 Tamara Drewe is a 2010 comedy feature film directed by Stephen Frears.The screenplay was written by Moira Buffini based on the newspaper comic strip of the same name (which was then re-published as a graphic novel) written by Posy Simmonds. The comic strip which serves as source material was a modern reworking of Thomas Hardy's nineteenth century novel Far from the Madding Crowd.The film premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival in May and was released nationwide in France on 14 July 2010.
 Cello (Korean: 첼로) is a 2005 South Korean horror film.
 Home on the Range is a 1935 American drama film directed by Arthur Jacobson and starring Jackie Coogan.
 Home is a 2008 Swiss drama film directed by Ursula Meier and starring Isabelle Huppert. The film was the official Swiss submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 82nd Academy Awards.
 Orikkal Oridathu (Malayalam: ഒരിക്കൽ ഒരിടത്ത്) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Jeassy starring Rahman in the lead role.
 The Woman Chaser is a 1999 film by director Robinson Devor starring Patrick Warburton. The screenplay is based on the novel of the same name by Charles Willeford.
 Crumb is a 1994 documentary film about the noted underground cartoonist Robert Crumb (R. Crumb) and his family. Directed by Terry Zwigoff and produced by Lynn O'Donnell it won widespread acclaim. It was released in the USA on April 28 1995 having been screened at film festivals the previous year. Jeffery M. Anderson (later critic for the San Francisco Examiner) placed the film on his list of the ten greatest films of all time labeling it the greatest documentary ever made.
 Downstairs is a 1932 dramatic film. It stars John Gilbert as a charming but self-serving chauffeur who wreaks havoc on his new employer's household romancing and fleecing the women on the staff and blackmailing the employer's wife. Gilbert had written the story in 1928 for a proposed silent film that was never made. Producer Irving Thalberg revived the project in 1932 as a special Gilbert production.
 Tomie (富江) is a Japanese horror film series based on Junji Ito's manga of the same name. It is the longest running Japanese horror film series to date consisting of nine installments.
 Nameless (German: Namenlos) is a 1923 Austrian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Fifty/Fifty is a 1992 film directed by Charles Martin Smith.
 Mohre is a 1987 Indian Hindi movie directed by Raghuvir Kul. The film starred Madhuri Dixit opposite Nana Patekar an art cinema veteran. The pair later worked together in Vinod Chopra's Parinda and his own directorial debut Prahaar. This film also starred Sadashiv Amrapurkar Anupam Kher among others.
 Kilerów 2-óch (Two Kilers) is a continuation of Kiler movie directed in 1997. The film premiered 8 January 1999 in Poland and like the first part it has received financial and critical success.
 Stärker als die Nacht is an East German film directed by Slátan Dudow. It was released in January 1954.
 The Plunderer is a 1924 silent American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Evelyn Brent. An earlier version starred William Farnum in 1920. The film is considered to be lost.
 La Région centrale is a 1971 experimental Canadian film directed by Michael Snow. The film is 180 minutes long and was shot in Canadian mountains (in Quebec) over a period of 24 hours using a robotic arm and consists entirely of preprogrammed movements. The robotic arm never moves in exactly the same way twice so that each camera movement is slightly different.
 Talashe Haq is a 1935 Indian film directed by C. M. Luhar.
 The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing is a 1955 film directed by Richard Fleischer from a screenplay by Walter Reisch and Charles Brackett and starring Joan Collins Ray Milland and Farley Granger. The film was released by Twentieth Century-Fox which had originally planned to put Marilyn Monroe in the title role and then suspended her when she refused to do the film.
 One Foot Under (Finnish: Toinen jalka haudasta) is a 2009 Finnish film produced by Dionysos Films and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.
 The Tillman Story is a 2010 documentary film directed by Amir Bar-Lev. The film is about the 2004 death of U.S. Army Ranger Pat Tillman in the war in Afghanistan the cover-up of the true circumstances of his death and his family's struggle to unearth the truth. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. The film is narrated by Josh Brolin.
 The Racket (1928) is an American crime film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Thomas Meighan Marie Prevost Louis Wolheim and George E. Stone. The film was produced by Howard Hughes written by Bartlett Cormack and Tom Miranda and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was adapted from Cormack's 1927Broadway play The Racket.
 Udhyanapalakan (Malayalam: ഉദ്യാനപാലകൻ translation: The Garden Keeper) is a 1996 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Lohithadas and directed by Harikumar. It stars Mammootty and Kaveri in the lead roles and Rekha Mohan Nedumudi Venu Oduvil Unnikrishnan and Kalabhavan Mani in other pivotal roles.
 Obsession is a 1954 French language motion picture crime drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Antoine Blondin Roland Laudenbach and Gian Luigi Rondi based on story Silent as the Grave by Cornell Woolrich. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Raf Vallone.It tells the story of a couple forming a circus trapeze and they are involved in a murder case.
 Music and Lyrics is a 2007 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Marc Lawrence. It focuses on the relationship that evolves between a former pop music idol (of the fictional band PoP! which is inspired by Wham! and Duran Duran) and an aspiring writer as they struggle to compose a song for a reigning pop diva.
 Great Moments in Aviation is a 1994 British romantic drama film set on a 1950s passenger liner. The film follows Gabriel Angel (Rakie Ayola) a young Caribbean aviator who falls in love with the forger Duncan Stewart (Jonathan Pryce) on her journey to England. Stewart is pursued by his nemesis Rex Goodyear (John Hurt) and the group are supported by Dr Angela Bead (Vanessa Redgrave) and Miss Gwendolyn Quim (Dorothy Tutin) retired missionaries who become lovers during the voyage.
 Open Heart is a 2012 short documentary film directed by Kief Davidson about eight Rwandan children who leave their families to receive heart surgery. The film was nominated for the 2013 Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject).After being nominated for an Academy Award the film was released along with all the other 15 Oscar-nominated short films in theaters by ShortsHD.
 Horrors of the Black Museum (1959) is a British horror film starring Michael Gough and directed by Arthur Crabtree.It was the first film in what film critic David Pirie dubbed Anglo-Amalgamated's Sadian trilogy (the other two being Circus of Horrors and Peeping Tom) with an emphasis on sadism cruelty and violence (with sexual undertones) in contrast to the supernatural horror of the Hammer films of the same era.
 Flying Fish (Sinhala: ඉගිල්ලෙන මලුවො) is a 2011 anthology film directed by Sri Lankan filmmaker Sanjeewa Pushpakumara. It was produced with the financial support of the Hubert Bals Fund of the International Film Festival Rotterdam (IFFR).
 Some More of Samoa is the 59th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Midnight Madness is a 1980 comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and starring David Naughton Stephen Furst and Maggie Roswell. The film is about a group of college students who participate in an all night puzzle solving race. It is Michael J. Fox's film debut.
 Lock Charmer (Spanish: El cerrajero) is a 2014 Argentine drama film written and directed by Natalia Smirnoff. The film premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 21 2014.The film later premiered at the 2014 Fribourg International Film Festival on March 29 2014.
 Thelma & Louise is a 1991 adventure buddy film co-produced and directed by Ridley Scott and written by Callie Khouri. It stars Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise with Harvey Keitel Michael Madsen and Brad Pitt in supporting roles.The film became a critical and commercial success receiving six Academy Award nominations and winning one for Best Original Screenplay (Khouri). Both Sarandon and Davis were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
 Phhir (English: Again) is an Indian romance and thriller film starring Rajneesh Duggal Adah Sharma and Roshni Chopra. The film was produced by ASA Productions and Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. and was released on August 12 2011.
 Springsteen & I is a 2013 documentary-biographical film directed by Baillie Walsh documenting the life and career of Bruce Springsteen through the eyes and insights of his fans throughout the world.
 American Dreamz is a 2006 comedy/parody film that satirizes both American politics and popular entertainment.Director/producer/writer Paul Weitz has stated that the movie is meant to satirize both the TV show American Idol and the Bush Administration. Reviews were lukewarm and business was disappointing.The roman à clef movie boasts characters who are parody versions of President George W.
 Marmalade Revolution (Swedish: Marmeladupproret) is a 1980 Swedish drama film directed by and starring Erland Josephson. It was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Jodorowsky's Dune is a 2013 American documentary film directed by Frank Pavich. The film explores Chilean-French director Alejandro Jodorowsky's unsuccessful attempt to adapt and film Frank Herbert's 1965 science fiction novel Dune in the mid-1970s.
 Brief Heaven (Spanish: Breve cielo) is a 1969 Argentine film directed by David José Kohon. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where Ana María Picchio won the award for Best Actress.
 Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights is a 1992 feature film adaptation of Emily Brontë's novel Wuthering Heights directed by Peter Kosminsky.Paramount Pictures was forced to use the author's name in the title of the film as Samuel Goldwyn Studio (later sold to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer) owned the rights to the simple title Wuthering Heights due to the copyright on their 1939 film version of the novel.
 Iron Invader (also called Metal Shifters) is a 2011 science fiction television film directed by Paul Ziller. The drama features Kavan Smith and Nicole de Boer. The film premiered on the Syfy channel on February 12 2011.
 The Rabbit Is Me (German: Das Kaninchen bin ich) is an East German dramatic film directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was filmed in 1965 and based on the novel by Manfred Bieler.
 The Rage: Carrie 2 is the 1999 sequel to the 1976 horror film Carrie. Directed by Katt Shea the film starred Emily Bergl Jason London and Amy Irving.
 Daku Aur Mahatma is a 1977 Bollywood action film directed by Ravigant Nagaich.
 Chacko Randaaman(Malayalam:ചാക്കോ രണ്ടാമൻ  English Translation: Chacko the second) is a Malayalam film directed by Sunil Karayattukara starring Kalabhavan Mani and Jyotirmayi in lead roles. Other cast includes Jagathy Sreekumar Vijayaraghavan Srividya Mohini Baburaj Bheeman RaghuNarayanankutty etc. The film is produced by Saji Nanthiyattu. Music is scored by Jofy Tharakan and Sundar C Babu and lyrics by Vayalar Sharath Chandra Varma.Chacko Randaaman is a Malayalam language film.
 Puddle Cruiser is a 1996 comedy film the first full-length film created by the Broken Lizard comedy group.It was screened at the Sundance Film Festival. The movie was filmed entirely on the campus of Colgate University. It was released on DVD in December 2005; the disc also features a 17-minute documentary called Rodeo Clowns on the marketing of Puddle Cruiser and Super Troopers by shilling free previews on college campuses and using specially-painted tour buses.
 Daughter of the Dragon is a 1931 American film directed by Lloyd Corrigan released by Paramount Pictures and starring Anna May Wong as Princess Ling Moy Sessue Hayakawa as Ah Kee and Warner Oland as Dr. Fu Manchu (for his third and final feature appearance in the role excluding a gag cameo in Paramount on Parade). The film was made to capitalize on Sax Rohmer's then current book The Daughter of Fu Manchu which Paramount did not own rights to adapt.
 Léon: The Professional (French: Léon; original US title: The Professional) is a 1994 English-language French thriller film written and directed by Luc Besson.
 Waltz with Bashir (Hebrew: ואלס עם באשיר‎ translit. Vals Im Bashir) is a 2008 Israeli animated documentary film written and directed by Ari Folman. It depicts Folman in search of his lost memories of his experience as a soldier in the 1982 Lebanon War.This film and $9.99 also released in 2008 are the first Israeli animated feature-length films released in movie theaters since Alina and Yoram Gross's Ba'al Hahalomot (1962).
 The Consul of Sodom (Spanish: El Cónsul de Sodoma) is a 2009 Spanish film directed by Sigfrid Monleón and starring Jordi Mollà. It is a biopic of the Catalan poet Jaime Gil de Biedma based on a biography written by Miguel Dalmau.
 Welcome to Me is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Shira Piven and written by Eliot Laurence. The film stars Will Ferrell Kristen Wiig James Marsden Linda Cardellini and Wes Bentley.
 Intent to Kill is a 1992 film (released in 1993) directed by Charles T. Kanganis. The film is about drug trafficking. This film is rated NC-17 due to extreme violence.
 Kill Baby Kill (Italian: Operazione paura) is a 1966 Italian horror film by director Mario Bava. It is known under many titles including Curse of the Dead Curse of the Living Dead Don't Walk in the Park Kill Baby... Kill! and Operation Fear.
 Kanna is a 2007 Tamil film starring Raja and Sheela directed by Anand.
 Gold is Where You Find It is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring George Brent Olivia de Havilland and Claude Rains. Based on a story by Clements Ripley with a screenplay by Warren Duff and Robert Buckner the film is about the rivalry between farmers and miners in the Sacramento valley during the years following the California Gold Rush. The feud between two families is complicated when a man from one family and a woman from the other fall in love.
 Smilin' Through is a 1932 MGM film based on the play by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin also named Smilin' Through.The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for 1932. It was adapted from Cowl and Murfin's play by James Bernard Fagan Donald Ogden Stewart Ernest Vajda and Claudine West. The movie was directed by Sidney Franklin (who also directed an earlier version in 1922) and starred Norma Shearer Fredric March Leslie Howard and Ralph Forbes.
 One Survivor Remembers is a 1995 documentary short film by Kary Antholis in which Holocaust survivor Gerda Weissmann Klein recounts her six-year ordeal as a victim of Nazi cruelty including the loss of her parents brother friends home possessions and community.A production of HBO and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum the film won the 1995 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject and the Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Informational Special.
 A Taste of Money is a 1960 British film.
 Watchers Reborn is the 1998 sequel to the horror film Watchers. Starring Mark Hamill the film is loosely based on the novel Watchers by Dean Koontz.
 Wishmaster 3: Beyond The Gates Of Hell otherwise known as Wishmaster 3: Devil Stone in the United Kingdom is the second sequel to the film Wishmaster. The film stars Jason Connery and A.J. Cook in the lead roles. It was the second direct-to-video sequel in the franchise. The film was released throughout 2001 and in the US carried an R rating for Violence/Gore some sexuality and language
 The Remains of the Day is a 1993 Merchant Ivory film adapted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala from the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant Mike Nichols and John Calley. It starred Anthony Hopkins as Stevens and Emma Thompson as Miss Kenton with James Fox Christopher Reeve Hugh Grant and Ben Chaplin. The film was nominated for eight Academy Awards.
 Love's Christmas Journey is a 2011 American TV film focused on Ellie King and Aaron Davis whose parents are Clark and Marty Davis. Ellie King (Natalie Hall) has recently lost her husband and daughter. She visits her brother Aaron Davis (Greg Vaughan) and agrees to watch his children while he goes and purchases some land. After a suspicious fire Ellie finds herself playing detective and with the help of a handsome deputy (Dylan Bruce) she tries to clear the name of a family friend.
 A Perfect Murder is a 1998 American thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Michael Douglas Gwyneth Paltrow and Viggo Mortensen. It is a modern remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 film Dial M for Murder though the characters' names are all changed and over half the plot is completely rewritten and altered. Loosely based on the play by Frederick Knott the screenplay was written by Patrick Smith Kelly.
 Embryo is a 1976 science fiction / horror film directed by Ralph Nelson. Starring Rock Hudson and Barbara Carrera.
 Azadi-e-Watan is a 1940 Bollywood action film directed by and starring Dinshaw Billimoria Gulam Mohd Abdul Kader and Wazir Mohammad Khan.The Encyclopedia of Hindi Cinema notes that the film was advertised as directed by him [Billimoria] [but] is probably a dubbed version of an American import. The film was produced by the Anglo American Film Corporation.
 Lady of the Pavements (1929; UK title: Lady of the Night) is a silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lupe Vélez William Boyd and Jetta Goudal. Griffith reshot the film to include a couple of musical numbers making it a part-talkie.
 Strange Planet is a 1999 Australian comedy starring Claudia Karvan. It was Emma-Kate Croghan's follow up to Love and Other Catastrophes and used many of the same cast and crew.
 The Outlaw and His Wife (Swedish: Berg-Ejvind och hans hustru) is a 1918 Swedish silent film directed by Victor Sjöström based on a play from 1911 by Jóhann Sigurjónsson. It tells the story of Eyvind of the Hills an 18th-century Icelandic outlaw.The film was groundbreaking for its portrayal of wild nature. It was shot in two sessions in the spring and late summer 1917 with Åre and Abisko in northern Sweden acting as the highlands of Iceland.
 Paris je t'aime (French pronunciation: ​[paʁi ʒə tɛm]; Paris I love you) is a 2006 anthology film starring an ensemble cast of actors of various nationalities. The two-hour film consists of eighteen short films set in different arrondissements. The 22 directors include Gurinder Chadha Sylvain Chomet Joel and Ethan Coen Gérard Depardieu Wes Craven Alfonso Cuarón Nobuhiro Suwa Alexander Payne Tom Tykwer Walter Salles Yolande Moreau and Gus Van Sant.
 Hey Good Lookin' is a 1982 American animated film written directed and produced by Ralph Bakshi. The film takes place in Brooklyn New York during the 1950s and focuses on Vinnie the leader of a gang named the Stompers his friend Crazy Shapiro and their girls Roz and Eva. It features the voices of Richard Romanus David Proval Tina Bowman and Jesse Welles.
 The Fighting Line is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Goodbye Columbus is a 1969 American romantic comedy drama film starring Richard Benjamin and Ali MacGraw directed by Larry Peerce and based on the novella of the same name by Philip Roth. The screenplay was written by Arnold Schulman who was awarded the Writers Guild of America Award.This was essentially MacGraw's film debut as she had previously played a bit part in 1968's A Lovely Way to Die.
 Mazha Peyyunnu Maddalam Kottunnu is a 1986 Malayalam comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. Starring Mohanlal Mukesh Lizy Sreenivasan Jagathi Sreekumar Maniyanpilla Raju and Kuthiravattam Pappu in the main roles. This film was a huge hit in theaters and is considered as one of the best comedy films in Malayalam cinema.
 Lakeeren is a 1954 Hindi Bollywood film starring Nalini Jaywant playback by Geeta Dutt and Shamshad Begum music by Hafiz Khan & Lyrics by Shevan Rizvi.
 Chattam is a 2011 action Telugu film directed by P.A. Arun Prasad. Natti Kumar and Rama Satyanarayana are jointly producing this movie. Jagapathi Babu acts in the lead role along with Vimala Raman in the opposite lead role. M. M. Sreelekha is the music composer for this film.
 Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Nora Ephron. Based on a story by Jeff Arch it stars Tom Hanks as Sam Baldwin and Meg Ryan as Annie Reed.The film was inspired by the 1957 film An Affair to Remember and used both its theme song and clips from the film in critical scenes.
 Welcome to Hard Times is a 1967 Western film based upon a novel by E. L. Doctorow. The movie was directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars Henry Fonda as the leader of a dying town who is too weak to stand up to a brute terrorizing the few remaining residents.
 Crisis at Central High is a 1981 made-for-television movie about the Little Rock Integration Crisis of 1957 based on a draft of the memoir by the same name by former assistant principal Elizabeth Huckaby.William Link and Richard Levinson wrote the screenplay and were executive producers together with David Susskind of Time-Life Productions.
 Sainyam is a 1994 Malayalam film written by S. N. Swamy and directed by Joshi. Mammootty Mukesh Vikram Sukumaran Mohini Priya Raman and Dileep appeared in lead roles. It was produced at a huge budget and was a superhit at the box office. It is noted that one of the film's songs Baggy Jeansum which was largely inspired by the Ace Of Base song All That She Wants loosely inspired the Tamil song Kallai Mattum from the 2008 blockbuster Dasavathaaram
 Rose-Marie was a 1928 American drama film directed by Lucien Hubbard. It is the first of three MGM adaptations of the 1924 Broadway musical Rose-Marie. The best-known film adaptation was released in 1936; another film was released in 1954. All three versions are set in the Canadian wilderness. Portions of Rudolf Friml and Herbert Stothart's original score for the Broadway musical are utilized in the 1936 and 1954 films but not for the silent version.
 Straight A's is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by James Cox and produced by Jamie Adamic. It stars Anna Paquin Ryan Phillippe and Luke Wilson in the lead role. The film was released on January 13 2013 in Brazil on March 19 2013 in the USA and on June 5 2013 in the Netherlands. The film was distributed by Millennium Entertainment.
 Ao Oni (青鬼) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese horror film based on the game of the same name. It is scheduled to be released on 5 July 2014 in Japan.
 Mad Dog Time (a.k.a. Trigger Happy) is a 1996 ensemble cast crime film written and directed by Larry Bishop released through United Artists. The film is notable for the various cameo appearances including the first and final film appearance by Christopher Jones in over a quarter-century.
 The Blue Hills (Estonian: Sinimäed) is a 2006 Estonian film directed by Raimo Jõerand. It is a documentary film about the 1944 Battle of Tannenberg Line. Based upon the war diaries of Paul Maitla the film tells the story of this epic battle and the young Estonian men who had to choose between two totalitarian powers. The film received special mention at the 10th Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival.
 Kaadu or The Jungle is a 1952 Tamil-American Sci-Fi film directed by William Berke. It stars Rod Cameron Cesar Romero Marie Windsor and M.N. Nambiar in lead roles. The film was the first Sci-Fi movie in India. Kaadu released on 1 August 1952.
 Riding to Win is an Australian comedy drama film starring Australian gangster Squizzy Taylor and his girlfriend Ida Pender. Made in 1922 it was banned by the Victorian censor but obtained release in Sydney and Brisbane under the title Bound to Win.It is considered a lost film.
 The Cove is a 2009 documentary film that analyzes and questions dolphin hunting practices in Japan. It was awarded the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2010. The film is a call to action to halt mass dolphin kills change Japanese fishing practices and to inform and educate the public about the risks and increasing hazard of mercury poisoning from dolphin meat. The film is told from an ocean conservationist's point of view.
 Bears and Man (French title: L'Ours Mon Frère) is a 1978 Canadian educational film by Bill Schmalz. It was produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and Parks Canada. The film documents human-bear interactions in Canada's National Parks. It was narrated by Chief Dan George and Patricia Best and was co-written and edited by Adbusters founder Kalle Lasn.
 En defensa Propia (In Self Defence) is a 1917 Mexican film directed by Joaquín Coss. It stars Mimí Derba María Caballé and Julio Taboada.
 Surprised Parties is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 206th Our Gang short (207th episode 118th talking short 119th talking episode and 38th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Killing Winston Jones is an upcoming American dark comedy film produced and distributed by RadioactiveGiant.
 Colossus and the Amazon Queen (Italian: La regina delle Amazzoni) is a 1960 Italian sword and sandal satirical comedy film directed by Vittorio Sala. The film is also known as Colossus and the Amazons (International English title).
 The Crime Patrol is a 1936 American film directed by Eugene Cummings.
 The Mozart Bird or De Mozart Bird is a 1993 Dutch romantic drama film directed by Aryan Kaganof.
 The Minority is a 2007 American film written and directed by Dwayne Buckle and starring Billoah Greene as Jake Jackson. The Minority was Dwayne Buckle's first feature length film which was shot in New York City. The movie had its theatrical motion picture release in 2007 and debuted at the 15th Annual Pan African Film Festival in Los Angeles where it won an Honorable Mention Award. The film had its DVD release in 2009.
 Move On is an international film project from 2012 directed by Asger Leth in collaboration with Deutsche Telekom AG. The leading actor is Mads Mikkelsen who is supported by German actress Alexandra Maria Lara and newly discovered Slovak actress Gabriela Marcinkova. At www.move-on-film.com a new episode of the movie appeared each week and since its world premiere on 6 November 2012 in Berlin all eight episodes can be viewed there.
 How to Train a Dog is a 1936 short film released through MGM Studios starring Robert Benchley. The short film demonstrates how not to train a dog following Benchley's character getting the dog from a pet store.
 One Piece The Movie: Dead End no Bōken (ONE PIECE THE MOVIE デッドエンドの冒険 Wan Pīsu Za Mūbī Deddo Endo no Bōken lit. One Piece The Movie: Dead End Adventure) is a 2003 Japanese animated film directed by Konosuke Uda and written by Yoshiyuki Suga. It is the fourth animated movie in the anime/manga series One Piece. It was released on March 3 2003. Desperate for cash the Straw Hat Pirates enter a secret race between pirate crews known as the Dead End Competition.
 Asterix and the Big Fight is a 1989 animated movie directed by Philippe Grimond as a French-German co-production which was produced by Yannick Piel as Astérix et le coup du menhir. It is based on the Asterix comic book series. The movie has a different plot from the book of the same name. It combines plot elements from Asterix and the Big Fight and Asterix and the Soothsayer.
 O Casamento de Romeu e Julieta is a 2005 Brazilian film directed by Bruno Barreto and starring Luana Piovani and Marco Ricca. The film is loosely based on the William Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet set in São Paulo amid two feuding soccer clubs Palmeiras and Corinthians. The film was titled Romeo and Juliet Get Married for English-language release.
 Ilam Jodigal is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by Ramanarayanan starring Karthik and Radha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 1982.
 I Want to Live! is a 1958 film noir written by Nelson Gidding and Don Mankiewicz produced by Walter Wanger and directed by Robert Wise which tells the heavily fictionalized story of a woman Barbara Graham convicted of murder and facing execution. It stars Susan Hayward as Graham and also features Simon Oakland Stafford Repp and Theodore Bikel.
 The Mothman Prophecies is a 2002 psychological thriller film directed by Mark Pellington based on the 1975 book of the same name by parapsychologist and Fortean author John Keel. The screenplay was written by Richard Hatem. The film stars Richard Gere as John Klein a reporter who researches the legend of the Mothman. The film claims to be based on actual events that occurred between November 1966 and December 1967 in Point Pleasant West Virginia.
 Para Fuera: A Portrait of Dr. Richard J. Bing is a 2010 short documentary film about Dr. Richard J. Bing on his hundredth birthday. The film was written and directed by award winning director Nicholas Jasenovec and executive producers Sean Carver Eric Hadley Loretta Jeneski and Michael Degan.The film was conceptualized when Dr. Richard Bing learned of Microsoft's new search engine Bing and wrote a letter to Microsoft about his life and upcoming 100th birthday.
 The Fixer Uppers is a 1935 short film starring Laurel and Hardy directed by Charles Rogers and produced by Hal Roach.
 Kamen Rider × Super Sentai: Super Hero Taisen (仮面ライダー×スーパー戦隊 スーパーヒーロー大戦 Kamen Raidā × Supā Sentai Supā Hīrō Taisen) is a 2012 film which features a crossover between the Super Sentai and Kamen Rider Series. The catchphrases for the movie are All Riders vs.
 I've Been Waiting for You is a 1998 made-for-TV horror/slasher film directed by Christopher Leitch. The film is based on the 1997 novel Gallows Hill written by Lois Duncan.
 Standing in the Shadows of Motown is a 2002 documentary film directed by Paul Justman. It recounts the story of The Funk Brothers the uncredited and largely unheralded studio musicians who were the hand picked house band by Berry Gordy in 1959. They were the band who recorded and performed on Motowns' recordings from 1959 to 1972.
 The Reef is a 2010 Australian horror film. The film was written and directed by Andrew Traucki his second feature film (the first being Black Water) and is about a group of friends who capsize while sailing to Indonesia. The group decides that their best bet for survival is to swim to a nearby island but find themselves stalked by a great white shark.
 Hatred (in Persian: بغض; transliterated: boqz) is a 2012 Iranian drama film directed by Reza Dormishian. It is set in Istanbul Turkey and deals with Iranian youth immigration.
 Brown of Harvard is a 1926 American silent film directed by Jack Conway and starring William Haines Jack Pickford and Mary Brian. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer the film is based on the successful 1906 Broadway play Brown of Harvard by Rida Johnson Young who also co-wrote the popular music for the play along with Melvin Ellis. The film is the best known of the three Brown of Harvard films presenting the screen debut of John Wayne. Uncredited Wayne played a Yale football player.
 Lebbra bianca is a 1951 Italian film.
 The Silences of the Palace (Arabic: صمت القصور Samt el qusur‎) is a 1994 Tunisian film written and directed by Moufida Tlatli.
 Spectre is a 1977 made-for-television movie produced by Gene Roddenberry. It was co-written by Roddenberry and Samuel A. Peeples and directed by Clive Donner.
 Impulse is a 1984 science fiction thriller film about the residents of a small rural town that after a small earthquake ruptures the seal on a toxic waste burial site start to exhibit strange and violent behavior. The toxic material has migrated into the towns local dairy milk supply. Stuart played by Tim Matheson and his wife Jennifer played by Meg Tilly come to the town to visit Stuart's hospitalized mother.
 In Old Amarillo is a 1951 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Missing in Action 2: The Beginning is a 1985 action/adventure film and a prequel to Missing in Action both of which star Chuck Norris. It was directed by Lance Hool and written by Steve Bing Larry Levinson and Arthur Silver.Missing in Action 2 was filmed at the same time as the first Missing in Action film and was actually set to be released first before the producers changed their minds. It was followed by a sequel of its own Braddock: Missing in Action III.
 Sheeba is a family film that was released on January 19 2011. It was directed by Michael J. Jacobs and stars Edward Asner Judge Reinhold and Ruby Handler. During production the film's working title was Crab Orchard.
 Buenos Aires verano 1912 (English language: Buenos Aires Summer 1912) is a 1966 Argentine black-and-white drama film comedy directed and written by Oscar Kantor with Pablo Palant. The film premiered on 1966 in Buenos Aires.
 Golfo is a 1914 Greek silent film directed by Konstadinos Bahatoris. It is the first Greek feature film. It was basen on a popular Greek bucolic play written by Spyridon Peresiadis.
 Chef's Special (Spanish: Fuera de carta) is a Spanish film directed by Nacho García Velilla that centers on homosexuality and the decision to come out. It focuses on men who have had relationships with women to hide their own sexuality to the point of even having kids. The film also deals with the theme of single parents. It stars Javier Cámara Benjamín Vicuña Lola Dueñas and Fernando Tejero.
 They Killed Sister Dorothy is a 2008 documentary film about American-born Brazilian nun Dorothy Stang who was murdered on February 12 2005 in Anapu a city located in the Amazon Rainforest. Directed by Daniel Junge the film is narrated by Martin Sheen in the English version and by Wagner Moura in the Portuguese version.
 A Christmas Carol is a 1938 American film adaptation of Charles Dickens's 1843 novelette A Christmas Carol where Ebenezer Scrooge (Reginald Owen) an elderly miser learns the error of his ways on Christmas Eve when he reflects on his past present and future collectively whereupon the mean old miser undergoes a radical change of heart and is awakened on Christmas morning a changed man.
 Otan leipei i gata (Greek: Όταν λείπει η γάτα) is a 1962 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films. It was directed by Alekos Sakellarios and stars Vasilis Avlonitis Rena Vlachopoulou and Niki Linardou.
 Io sto con gli ippopotami (English: I'm with the Hippos) is a 1979 Italian adventure-comedy film directed by Italo Zingarelli and starring Terence Hill and Bud Spencer.The film is also known as I'm for the Hippopotamus.
 Buffalo Boys is a drama inspired by a true story set in Buffalo New York. It is about a teen and his best friend who become involved in a plot to murder an old woman to collect her life insurance as a means to escape their troubled family lives.
 Ham & Cheese is a 2004 Canadian film directed by Warren P. Sonoda. The story written by Mike Beaver and Jason Jones and starring Mike Beaver and Jason Jones is about two talentless actors who attempt to make it in showbiz with persistence ready to do anything to reach their dreams without letting go.
 Una Mujer en venta (A Woman for Sale) is a 1934 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Hajde da se volimo (English: Let's Fall in Love) film series is a Yugoslavian musical comedy film series consisting of three feature-length films released between 1987 and 1990.
 Nambugun: North Korean Partisan in South Korea is a 1990 South Korean war drama film directed by Chung Ji-young. It is based upon the experiences of Lee Tae a war correspondent during the Korean War.
 Dotonbori River (Dotonborigawa 道頓堀川) is a 1982 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 Three Acts of Murder is a 2009 Australian TV movie. It is based on the true life story of how author Arthur Upfield inadvertently inspired The Murchison Murders.
 Rule #1 is a 2008 Hong Kong horror film directed by Kelvin Tong and starring Shawn Yue Ekin Cheng Stephanie Che and Fiona Xie.
 Captain Philippines at Boy Pinoy (Captain Philippines and Boy Pinoy) is a 1965 Tagalog-language film produced by movie producer and actor Fernando Poe Jr. through D'Lanor Productions. The film featuring Filipino superheroes Captain Philippines and Boy Pinoy was directed by Paquito Toledo. The movie starred Filipino actors Bob Soler (the first actor who acted as Captain Barbell) as Captain Philippines and Lou Salvador Jr. as Boy Pinoy.
 The Road of Life (Spanish: El camino de la vida) is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Alfonso Corona Blake. At the 6th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Honourable Mention (Director) award.The film is about three young criminal boys who await sentencing in Mexico City's Juvenile Court. One boy murdered his stepfather to protect his mother; the second boy blinded his chief tormentor; and the third resorts to stealing to support his family.
 This article is written about the 1960 film; for the 1937 film or the 1944 film see Parakh (1937 film) or Parakh (1944 film).Parakh is a 1960 Hindi film based on a story by famed music director Salil Chowdhury that portrays Bimal Roy's lighter side and is in a satirical look at Indian democracy in its early years. Roy received the Filmfare Best Director Award for the film.The film became a semi-hit at the box office.
 After Dark My Sweet is a 1990 neo-noir film directed by James Foley starring Jason Patric Bruce Dern and Rachel Ward. It is based on the 1955 Jim Thompson novel of the same name.
 American Mary is a 2012 Canadian horror film starring Katharine Isabelle and written and directed by The Soska Sisters. The film was produced and is distributed by Canadian production and distribution company IndustryWorks Pictures. Isabelle plays a medical student who begins taking clients from the extreme body modification community.
 I Remember Mama is a play by John Van Druten based on Kathryn Forbes' fictionalized memoir Mama's Bank Account. The play focuses on the Hanson family a loving family of Norwegian immigrants living at 115 Steiner Street (identified as Larkin Hill in the 1948 film) in San Francisco in the 1910s.
 Old Partner (Hangul: 워낭 소리; RR: Wonang Sori literally Cowbell Sound) is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Lee Chung-ryoul regarding a relationship between a 40-year-old cow and an old farmer in his 80s. The film is set in the small rural town of Hanul-ri in Sangun-myeon Bonghwa County North Gyeongsang Province.
 Scarred is a 1984 independent film
 My Grandparents Had a Hotel is a 1991 documentary film by Karen Shopsowitz that takes a nostalgic look at the Montieth Inn a popular Jewish resort operated in the Canadian Catskills from 1935-1949.
 Barnaby and Me is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a girl and her talking koala who are pursued by criminals.Australian singer Sally Boyden turned down the chance to tour with Liberace to make the movie. John Newcombe has a cameo where he plays a game of tennis against Caesar.
 Honeybaby Honeybaby is a 1974 film directed by Michael Schultz. It was also known as Diana Sands final film and was released posthumously.
 Abel's Island is a 30-minute animated film created in 1988 directed by Michael Sporn. It is based on the children's novel Abel's Island by William Steig. It was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1989 for Most Outstanding Program (For Programming less than one hour).
 A Sailor's Heart is a 1912 American short silent comedy film directed by Wilfred Lucas and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Clownhouse is a 1989 American horror film written and directed by Victor Salva. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize in the dramatic category at the 1989 Sundance Film Festival and is also Sam Rockwell's film debut.
 Chala Murari Hero Banne is a 1977 Bollywood comedy film directed by and starring G. Asrani.
 Karthik is a 2011 Kannada action film starring Karthik Shetty and Archana Gupta in the lead roles.
 L'ultima chance (internationally released as Last Chance Motel of Fear Stateline Motel and Last Chance for a Born Loser) is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Maurizio Lucidi. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Franco Enna.
 The World Is Hot Enough is a Canadian animated comedy film based on the television series Chilly Beach and produced by March Entertainment. The title is a parody of the James Bond film The World Is Not Enough. An early version of the film had its premiere at Sudbury Ontario's Cinéfest in 2005. It was released February 5 2008 on DVD in Canada. A second film The Canadian President was also later released.
 The Big Bonanza is a 1944 American film starring Jane Frazee Richard Arlen Gabby Hayes and Bobby Driscoll.
 I Love You Da is a 2002 Tamil film directed by Raajadurai. The film featured Raju Sundaram and Simran in the lead roles with Raghuvaran and Prakash Raj in supporting roles. The film which had music composed by Bharathwaj released in November 2002 to poor reviews.
 Home in Oklahoma is a 1946 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 The Pool Boys also known as American Summer is a 2011 comedy film directed by James B. Rogers. It stars Matthew Lillard Brett Davern Rachelle Lefèvre Efren Ramirez and Tom Arnold.Principal photography began in late April 2007 with filming taking place throughout the New Orleans Metropolitan Area. Since wrapping at the end of the following month the film struggled to find a wide release. The film was later released to home media on December 27 2011.
 Maya Miriga (1984(Oriya: ମାୟା ମିରିଗ English The Mirage ) is an award-winning Oriya film film directed by Nirad N. Mohapatra.
 Frieda is a 1947 British film directed by Basil Dearden screenplay by Angus MacPhail and Ronald Millar and was produced by Michael Balcon.
 Moonu Pookkal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Ruby and Oswald was a 1978 made for television film starring Michael Lerner and Frederic Forrest.
 Deep Freeze (also known as Ice Crawlers) is a 2003 horror film directed by John Carl Buechler. Written by Robert Boris Dennis A. Pratt and Matthew Jason Walsh the film was shot in Germany in 2001. The film was retitled Ice Crawlers for USA release.
 The War is Over (French: La Guerre est Finie) is a French drama film about a leftist in Franco's Spain directed by Alain Resnais and starring Yves Montand Ingrid Thulin and Geneviève Bujold.
 Jeevitha Nouka (English: The Boat of Life) is a 1951 Malayalam film directed by K. Vembu and jointly produced by K. V. Koshi and Kunchako. It was the first super hit film in Malayalam cinema with a theatrical run of 284 days. Made at a budget of 5 lakhs the film did extremely well at the box office that very few films could surpass it later. It was simultaneously shot in Tamil and Telugu and was dubbed and released in Hindi.
 Oh! My God (Hangul: 구세주; RR: Guseju) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 The Nazis Strike was the second film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight propaganda film series. It introduces Germany as a nation whose aggressive ambitions began in 1863 with Otto von Bismarck and with the Nazis as their latest incarnation.
 De Pijnbank is a 1998 Dutch drama film directed by Theo van Gogh.
 On the Way Home is a 33-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It portrays the comfort that comes from understanding the Plan of Salvation.
 Santa Maradona is a 2001 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Ponti.
 La Flor de la mafia is a 1974 Argentine film.
 The Education of Little Tree is a 1997 American film written and directed by Richard Friedenberg based on the controversial 1976 fictional memoir of the same title by Asa Earl Carter (writing under the pseudonym Forrest Carter) about an orphaned boy raised by his paternal Scottish-descent grandfather and Cherokee grandmother in the Great Smoky Mountains.
 The Fever (Italian: La febbre) is a 2005 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alessandro D'Alatri.
 Women Seeking Women is a pornographic film series from Girlfriends Films. The series won the AVN Award four years in a row for Best All-Girl Series and is about lesbian sex.
 The Romance of Rosy Ridge is a 1947 drama film about a rural community still bitterly divided in the aftermath of the American Civil War. It stars Van Johnson Thomas Mitchell and Janet Leigh in her film debut. It was adapted from the novel of the same name by MacKinlay Kantor.
 Hong Kong Will Be Destroyed After 33 Years (Chinese: 香港將於33年後毀滅) is a Hong Kong science fiction short film produced by a studio called GVA Creative. It was released on YouTube in March 2014 and quickly went viral.
 Hatyara is a 1977 Hindi movie. Produced by Sunil Sharma and directed by Surendra Mohan the film stars Pran Moushumi Chatterjee Vinod Khanna Pradeep Kumar Rakesh Roshan and Nirupa Roy. The films music is by Kalyanji Anandji
 Insaaf is a 1997 Indian Bollywood action film directed and written by Dayal Nihalani. Starring Akshay Kumar Shilpa Shetty and Paresh Rawal. It released on 30 May 1997. The film was shot in Mumbai.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Super-Dimension! The Storm Called My Bride (クレヨンしんちゃん 超時空！嵐を呼ぶオラの花嫁 Kureyon Shinchan: Chōjikū! Arashi o Yobu Ora no Hanayome) is a 2010 Japanese anime film. This movie was released in India on 28 September 2013 at 12 p.m. on Hungama TV as Shin Chan The Movie Villain aur Dulhan.
 Mukhsin is a 2006 Malaysian film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It is the third installment in the Orked trilogy. Shot in just 12 days it won one award and one special mention at the 57th Berlin International Film Festival (2007) under the children's film category: International Jury of Generation Kplus - Grand Prix of the Deutsches Kinderhilfswerk for Best Feature Film and the Generation Kplus Children’s Jury Awards - Special Mention.
 Harvest (German: Ernte) is a 1936 Austrian romance film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Paula Wessely Attila Hörbiger and Artúr Somlay. It is also known by the alternative title Die Julika.
 Aakhri Mujra is a 1981 Bollywood film directed by Hiren Nag and starring Ajit Jagdeep Shreeram Lagoo and Vikram.
 After the Sunset is a 2004 action comedy film starring Pierce Brosnan as Max Burdett a master thief caught in a cat-and-mouse game with FBI agent Stan Lloyd played by Woody Harrelson. The film was directed by Brett Ratner and shot in the Bahamas.
 Goal II: Living the Dream is the second part of the football film trilogy Goal! and it was released on 9 February 2007 in the United Kingdom and 29 August 2008 in the United States.
 92 in the Shade is a 1975 film written and directed by Thomas McGuane based on his 1973 novel of the same name. It stars Peter Fonda Warren Oates Elizabeth Ashley and Margot Kidder.
 A Kitten for Hitler also known as Ein Kitten fur Hitler is a 2007 short film directed by British director Ken Russell. It was created by Russell with the intention of it being offensive and due to the nature of the film there was some issues with casting resulting in a dwarf actor appearing as a child. It was released on Comedybox.tv on 1 July 2007.
 Offside is a Swedish film from 2006 directed by Mårten Klingberg and starring Jonas Karlsson Torkel Petersson Ingvar Hirdwall Göran Ragnerstam and Brendan Coyle.
 Big Hero 6 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated superhero film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. The film will be directed by Don Hall and Chris Williams and will be the 54th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Big Hero 6 will be the first Disney animated feature to feature Marvel characters since The Walt Disney Company's acquisition of Marvel Entertainment in 2009.
 To Die in Paris is a 1968 TV film.
 Hachikō Monogatari (ハチ公物語 Hachikō monogatari) is a Japanese language film starring Tatsuya Nakadai Kaoru Yachigusa Mako Ishino and Masumi Harukawa. The film directed by Seijirō Kōyama is a tragic true story about Hachikō an Akita dog who was loyal to his master Professor Ueno even after his (Ueno's) death.
 Ask Dad is a 1929 American film directed by Hugh Faulcon and starring Edward Everett Horton Winston Miller and Ruth Renick.
 Inch'Allah is a Canadian drama film released in 2012. Written and directed by Anaïs Barbeau-Lavalette the film stars Évelyne Brochu as Chloé a Canadian medical doctor with the Red Crescent.
 Le Solitaire is a French crime film directed and partly written by Jacques Deray.
 8mm 2 is a 2005 direct-to-video It stars Johnathon Schaech and Lori Heuring. The film was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.When the film was in production it was titled The Velvet Side of Hell. When Sony picked up the rights to distribute it it was re-titled 8mm 2.
 The Eye of Vichy (French: L'Œil de Vichy) is a 1993 film directed by Claude Chabrol. The documentary is about propaganda produced by Nazi-occupied France during World War II from 1940 to 1944. The film documents the pro-Nazi sentiments of Philippe Pétain's Vichy regime and its efforts to spread propaganda against both the Allied Forces and the Jews. It contains authentic newsreels advertisements and feature-film footage produced by the Nazis and their collaborators.
 Padayottam (Malayalam: പടയോട്ടം) is a 1982 Malayalam film directed by Jijo Punnoose produced by Navodaya Appachan and starring Prem Nazir Madhu Mammootty Mohanlal and Shankar. It was the first movie in South India to be indigenously shot in the 70 mm film format. The story was inspired by the famous novel The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas. The total cost was 50 Lakhs that time.
 X - The Film is an upcoming Indian experimental film directed by a team of eleven filmmakers including Abhinav Tiwari Anu Menon Nalan Kumarasamy Hemant Gaba Pratim D. Gupta Q Raja Sen Rajshree Ojha Sandeep Mohan Sudhish Kamath and Suparn Verma. It will feature actor-director Rajat Kapoor in the lead. X - The Film is not an anthology but one whole story with the eleven directors making sections of it.
 For Singles Only is a 1968 comedy film directed by Arthur Dreifuss written by Hal Collins starring John Saxon and Molly Bee.
 Man in the Wilderness is a 1971 American action film about a scout for a group of mountain men who are traversing the Northwestern United States during the 1820s. The scout is mauled by a bear and left to die by his companions. He survives and recuperates sufficiently to track his former comrades forcing a confrontation over his abandonment. The story is loosely based on the life of Hugh Glass.
 Great Transport (Serbo-Croatian: Veliki transport) is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Veljko Bulajić. The film was selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Marlene also known in Germany as Marlene Dietrich - Porträt eines Mythos is a 1984 documentary film made by Maximilian Schell about the legendary film star Marlene Dietrich. It was made by Bayerischer Rundfunk (BR) and OKO-Film and released by Futura Film Munich and Alive Films (USA).
 Rakht (English: Blood) is a 2004 Indian supernatural horror film directed and written by Mahesh Manjrekar. The film features Bipasha Basu in the lead playing a tarot card reader. It also stars Sanjay Dutt Suniel Shetty Dino Morea Amrita Arora and Neha Dhupia in pivotal roles. Abhishek Bachchan appears in a special appearance.The storyline was lifted from the 2000 Hollywood thriller film The Gift. Furthermore the song Kya Maine Socha was a remake of the Blue song One Love.
 Only You is a 1994 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison and starring Marisa Tomei Robert Downey Jr. and Bonnie Hunt. Written by Diane Drake the film is about a young woman whose search for the man she believes to be her soulmate leads her to Italy where she meets her destiny. The Hindi film Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya is loosely based on this film.
 The Wig (Korean: 가발; Gabal) is 2005 South Korean horror film directed by Won Shin-yeon and starring Chae Min-seo and Yoo Sun. It was first released on August 12 2005 in South Korea and was released onto DVD in the United States in 2008.
 Jack and the Beanstalk (ジャックと豆の木 Jakku to Mame no Ki) is a 1974 Japanese animated feature film produced by Group TAC and Nippon Herald Films and directed by Gisaburō Sugii. Styled after classical Western animation it is a musical fantasy based on the fairy tale of the same name with the screenplay by Shūji Hirami music organization by Yū Aku and songs and score composed and arranged by Takashi Miki with Shun'ichi Tokura and Tadao Inōe.
 Failures is a 2003 film directed by Tim Hunter. It stars Ashley Johnson and Chad Lindberg. It won three awards in 2003 and 2004.
 Desi Boyz (Hindi: देसी बोयज़) is a Hindi comedy drama film directed by debutant Rohit Dhawan son of director David Dhawan. The film stars Akshay Kumar John Abraham Deepika Padukone and Chitrangada Singh in lead roles whilst Sanjay Dutt features in a cameo. The film released on 25 November 2011 and received mixed response from critics leading to average business at the box office.
 The List of Adrian Messenger is a 1963 black and white crime thriller about a retired British intelligence officer (George C. Scott) investigating a series of apparently unrelated deaths. It was directed by John Huston from a screenplay by Anthony Veiller based on the 1959 novel of the same title by Philip MacDonald.
 Tarzan (also marketed as Tarzan 3D) is a German and French animated motion capture film directed by German producer Reinhard Klooss which was released on 17 October 2013 in Russia. The film will be released across early 2014 in other countries. The film stars Kellan Lutz Spencer Locke Anton Zetterholm and Jaime Ray Newman. The screenplay was written by Reinhard Klooss Jessica Postigo and Yoni Brenner.
 The Hills Have Eyes is a 1977 American exploitation-horror film written and directed by Wes Craven and starring Susan Lanier Michael Berryman and Dee Wallace. It is about a family on a road trip stranded in the Nevada desert who become hunted by a clan of deformed cannibals in the surrounding hills. The film was released in cinemas on 22 July 1977 and has since become a cult classic.
 Murmur of the Heart (French: Le souffle au cœur) is a 1971 French film by French director Louis Malle that tells a coming of age story about a 14-year-old boy growing up in bourgeois surroundings in post-World War II Dijon France. The film proved to be a box office success across Europe gaining 2652870 admissions in France and even 62172 admissions in Hungary. The film was also a modest hit in the United States grossing US$1160784.
 The Deadly Mantis is a 1957 science fiction film produced by William Alland for Universal-International Pictures. It was directed by Nathan Juran from a screenplay by Martin Berkeley and starred Craig Stevens William Hopper Alix Talton and Pat Conway. It was filmed in black and white and runs for 1 hour and 19 minutes.In February 1997 The Deadly Mantis was featured as an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 La Vie est belle is a 1987 film directed by Mweze Ngangura and Benoît Lamy.
 Captain Corelli's Mandolin is a 2001 film directed by John Madden and based on the novel of the same name by Louis de Bernières. It stars Nicolas Cage and Penélope Cruz.
 The White Pearl was a 1915 American silent adventure/romantic drama film directed by Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford. Produced by the Famous Players Film Company the film starred Marie Doro in her second leading role. The film is now considered lost.
 Derailed is a 2005 British-American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by James Siegel. The film is directed by Mikael Håfström and stars Clive Owen Jennifer Aniston Vincent Cassel Melissa George Addison Timlin Giancarlo Esposito RZA and Xzibit. This was also the first film to be released by The Weinstein Company in the United States. The film is set in Chicago.
 Cinemania is a 2002 German / American documentary about five obsessed cinemaphiles who throughout the year each see two to five films a day.
 The Seeker titled The Dark Is Rising in the United Kingdom and The Seeker: The Dark is Rising in Canada is a 2007 American film adaptation of the second book in the five-book young adult fantasy series The Dark Is Rising by Susan Cooper. The film is directed by David L. Cunningham and stars Ian McShane Alexander Ludwig Frances Conroy Gregory Smith and Christopher Eccleston as the Rider.
 Den siste revejakta is a Norwegian film from 2008 based on the novel by the same name. The movie is a comedy/drama. It was filmed in 2007 and premiered on 29 August 2008. The movie is directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen.The title Den siste revejakta literally means 'The Last Fox Hunt' but the title is a play on words since the Norwegian word 'rev' can mean reefer. According to the Imdb the international title is The Last Joint Venture.
 The Drummer is a 2007 Hong Kong-Taiwanese film written and directed by Kenneth Bi. It is Kenneth Bi's second film as a director.The film was released in Hong Kong on October 11 2007. It features the Chinese Zen drumming group U-Theatre. The movie is available in the United States on DVD from filmmovement.com.
 Treasure of the Golden Condor is a 1953 adventure Technicolor film directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Cornel Wilde and Constance Smith. It is a remake of the 1942 film Son of Fury: The Story of Benjamin Blake which starred Tyrone Power. Both films were based on a novel by Edison Marshall.
 Aadu Puli Aattam (translated in English ‘The Goat and Tiger Game’) is a 1977 black and white Tamil language film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Kamal Haasan Rajinikanth Sangeetha and Sripriya. The film was a flop at the Box office.This is one of Rajinikanth's early appearance in Tamil in which he plays main villain. The movie is noted for Rajinikanth's famous phrase This is Rajini Style which he says to Kamal several times throughout the movie.
 It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse But the Society in Which He Lives (German: Nicht der Homosexuelle ist pervers sondern die Situation in der er lebt) is a 1971 German camp film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The plot follows the adventures of a young gay man from the province that arrives to Berlin. He gradually leaves behind his innocence lead by his increasing appetite for excitement in the big-city gay scene.
 Murali Krishna (Telugu: మురళీకృష్ణ) is a 1964 Telugu drama film directed by P. Pullayya and produced by Padmasree pictures.It is a musical hit film with some memorable songs popular even today. The music is scored by Master Venu and lyrics written by Acharya Atreya and Dr. C. Narayana Reddy in the voices of Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao P. Susheela and S. Janaki.
 Faces of Death IV is the final real sequel to Faces of Death in that it is the last sequel to include any original footage. It was directed by John Alan Schwartz (again as Conan le Cilaire) Susumu Saegusa and Andrew Theopolis. John Alan Schwartz's brother James B. Schwartz is credited as writer.
 En el gran circo is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Change of Mind (1969) is a science fiction/drama film starring Raymond St. Jacques Susan Oliver Janet MacLachlan and Leslie Nielsen.
 Satya In Love (Kannada: ಸತ್ಯ ಇನ್ ಲವ್ ) is a Kannada film directed by Raghav Loki. The film was released on 28 March 2008 and stars popular Kannada actor Shivrajkumar in the lead role and Genelia the female lead. Produced by T.N. Ramesh under Ananya Enterprises with music composed by top seeding Kannada music director Gurukiran. The movie was released in 100 theatres.
 Devil's Playground is a British horror film directed by Mark McQueen and starring Craig Fairbrass. Intandem Films has the worldwide rights to the film which was produced by Freddie Hutton-Mills Bart Ruspoli and Jonathan Sothcott.
 The Lifeguard is a 2013 American comedy-drama film produced written and directed by Liz W. Garcia and starring Kristen Bell and David Lambert. The film was released via video on demand on July 30 2013 and received a limited release in theaters on August 30.
 Days of Glory is a 1944 American film which tells the story of a group of Soviet guerrillas fighting back during the 1941 Nazi invasion of Russia. It starred Tamara Toumanova and Gregory Peck (in their feature film debuts). It was also the first film produced by screen writer Casey Robinson who in early January 1943 had been contracted by RKO Radio Pictures to write and produce the film under the working title This Is Russia. Robinson and Toumanova married in 1944 and divorced in 1955.
 Uyarangalil (At the Top) is a 1984 Malayalam thriller film directed by I. V. Sasi written by M.T. Vasudevan Nair and produced by S. Pavamani; starring Mohanlal Nedumudi Venu Rahman Kajal Kiran Swapna and Ratheesh in the lead roles.
 Ikaw ang Pag-ibig (You Are Love) is a religious family-drama film released by Star Cinema with Archdiocese of Caceres and Marilou Diaz-Abaya Film Institute and Arts Center. It commemorates the tercentenary of the devotion to Our Lady of Peñafrancia the patroness of the Bicol Region in the Philippines. The film was released on September 14 2011.
 Vampires Suck is a 2010 vampire spoof film based on the Twilight film series and directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. It stars Jenn Proske Matt Lanter Christopher N. Riggi Ken Jeong Anneliese van der Pol and Arielle Kebbel.
 Cinema Verite is a 2011 HBO drama film directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini. The film's main ensemble cast starred Diane Lane Tim Robbins James Gandolfini and Kathleen Quinlan. The film follows a fictionalized account of the production of An American Family a 1973 PBS documentary television series that is said to be one of the earliest examples of the reality television genre. Principal photography was completed in Southern California. The film premiered on April 23 2011.
 The Crimson Curtain (French: Le Rideau cramoisi) is a 1953 French short film directed by Alexandre Astruc. It was screened at the 1952 Cannes Film Festival but not entered into the competition.
 Pescadores de perlas (English: Pearl Fishers) also known as Sol de gloria is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.
 Crime in the Streets is a 1956 film about juvenile delinquency directed by Don Siegel and based on a television play written by Reginald Rose. The play first appeared on the Elgin Hour and was directed by Sidney Lumet. The film starring James Whitmore and John Cassavetes also featured actor Sal Mineo who had previously appeared in Rebel Without A Cause.
 Oryu's Passion: Bondage Skin (お柳情炎　縛り肌 Oryū jōen: shibari hada) is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Naomi Tani and Terumi Azuma.
 The Thief (Lighthouse Pictures 2005)
 Sólo con tu pareja (literally Only with your partner released in English-speaking markets as Love in the Time of Hysteria) is a 1991 Mexican film by Alfonso Cuarón.This was the first full-feature film for Cuarón who had previously worked at Televisa a Mexican television company.
 19 Red Roses (Danish: Nitten røde roser) is a 1974 Danish crime film directed by Esben Høilund Carlsen and starring Henning Jensen.
 Cowgirls 'N Angels is a 2012 American family film starring Young Artist Award winner Bailee Madison Oscar nominee James Cromwell and Jackson Rathbone. The film was directed by Timothy Armstrong from a script by Armstrong and Stephen Blinn.
 Peepers is a 2010 film directed by Seth W. Owen and co-written with Daniel Perlmutter and Mark Slutsky.
 The Unkissed Bride is a 1966 comedy starring Tommy Kirk.It was also known as Mother Goose-A-Go-Go.
 Ecstasy of Order: The Tetris Masters is a 2011 American documentary film that follows the lives of several gamers from around the country as they prepare to compete in the 2010 Classic Tetris World Championship held in Los Angeles California.
 Lavender (Chinese: 薰衣草; Jyutping: Fan Yi Cho) is a 2000 Hong Kong romantic film written and directed by Riley Yip Kam-Hung. The film stars Taiwanese actor singer Takeshi Kaneshiro Hong Kong actress singer Kelly Chen and actor singer Eason Chan. The title of the film is deprived from Kelly Chen's character Athena's deceased boyfriend favorite scent which was lavender.
 Push is a 2009 American science fiction superhero thriller film directed by Paul McGuigan. The film stars Chris Evans Dakota Fanning Camilla Belle Cliff Curtis Joel Gretsch Djimon Hounsou and Ming-Na Wen. The film centers on a group of people born with various superhuman abilities who band together in order to take down a government agency that is using a dangerous drug to enhance their powers in hopes of creating an army of super soldiers.
 French Twist (French: Gazon maudit) is a cult 1995 French comedy film. It was written and directed by Josiane Balasko. The film was one of very few French films to have a dubbed version for English audiences. Its title in French is untranslatable but 'Cursed Lawn' is a close approximation.
 Kermit's Swamp Years is a 2002 direct-to-video film directed by David Gumpel featuring Jim Henson's Muppets including a 12-year-old Kermit and best friends Goggles and Croaker who travel outside their homes in the swamps of the Deep South to do something extraordinary with their lives. The film which tells the story of Kermit the Frog's early life is a prequel to The Muppet Movie.
 Bulldog Courage is a 1935 American western directed by Sam Newfield and produced by Sigmund Neufeld for Puritan Pictures.
 Muzhiki! (Russian: Мужики!) is a 1981 Soviet drama film directed by Iskra Babich. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Bon Voyage Charlie Brown (and Don't Come Back!!) is a 1980 animated film produced by United Feature Syndicate and distributed by Paramount Pictures directed by Bill Meléndez.
 Meera (Hindi: मीरा) is a 1979 Hindi language film by Gulzar. The film is based on the life of Meera a Hindu saint-poet who renounced princely comforts in pursuit of her love for Lord Krishna. The film portrays the life and times of Meera from a historical perspective rather than a mythological one.
 Neapolitan Carousel (Italian: Carosello napoletano) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Ettore Giannini. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Saagar (Hindi: सागर Urdu: ساگر) is a 1985 Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Sippy. The film stars Rishi Kapoor and Dimple Kapadia along with Kamal Hassan.Saagar was a comeback film for Kapadia and contained a fleeting topless shot of her.
 Begaana is a 1963 Hindi movie. Produced and directed by Sadashiv Rao Kavi the film stars Dharmendra and Supriya Chaudhury. The music is by Sapan Jagmohan.
 Lola Montès (1955) is an historical film and the last completed film by Max Ophüls. The film is based loosely on the life of the 19th century dancer and actress Lola Montez—portrayed by Martine Carol—and tells the story of her numerous affairs most notably with Franz Liszt and Ludwig I of Bavaria. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in North America by The Criterion Collection in February 2010.
 New Delhi is a 1987 Malayalam thriller film written by Dennis Joseph and directed by Joshiystarring Mammootty Sumalatha Urvashi Suresh Gopi B.Thiagarajan Siddique Vijayaraghavan Mohan Jose Devan and Jagannatha Varma. The film is about a Delhi-based journalist who is imprisoned in a mental asylum after exposing the wrongdoings of two corrupted politicians and his subsequent attempts at revenge.
 Madesha is an Indian Kannada-language film starring Shivaraj Kumar and Sonu Bhatia. It is directed by Ravi Srivatsa and produced by B M Govardhan Murthy. The movie is slated for an August Release. Audio was launched on 24 Jun 2008.
 Explosion is an upcoming American film. The film centers on a seventeen-year-old Logan Miller whose plan to come out to his parents during a family reunion goes horribly wrong when his 9-year-old cousin accuses him of molesting her.
 Mala gente is a 1952 Argentine film.
 The Black Cobra (German: Die Schwarze Kobra) is a 1963 Austrian comedy film directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and starring Adrian Hoven.
 Successive Slidings of Pleasure (French: Glissements progressifs du plaisir) is a 1974 French fantasy film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet.
 Rakshabandham is a 2007 Telugu film directed by V Pratap starring Arjun Sarja and Meera Jasmine. It is the remake of a Kannada film Anna Thangi.[1]
 May Madham (English: The Month of May) is a 1994 Tamil romance film loosely based on the Hollywood romantic film Roman Holiday directed by Venus Balu and music by A. R. Rahman. The film features Vineeth and Sonali Kulkarni in the lead roles and has art direction by Thotta Tharani. The film was later remade in Hindi as Love You Hamesha.
 Simon Birch is a 1998 American comedy-drama film loosely based on A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving and was directed and written for the screen by Mark Steven Johnson. The film stars Ian Michael Smith Joseph Mazzello Jim Carrey Ashley Judd and Oliver Platt.
 The Desired Woman is a lost 1927 silent drama film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Bosom Friends is a 1934 American short film produced by E. W. Hammons. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 7th Academy Awards in 1934 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 Dostana (Hindi: दोस्ताना translation: Friendship) is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Tarun Mansukhani and starring Abhishek Bachchan John Abraham and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles. Dostana was filmed entirely in Miami Florida. The movie is seemed to be inspired by the Hollywood movie I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry . Filming began in March 2008 and the film was released on 14 November 2008.
 Hilary and Jackie is a 1998 British supposedly biographical film directed by Anand Tucker. The screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce is based on the memoir A Genius in the Family by Piers and Hilary du Pré which chronicles the life and career of their late sister cellist Jacqueline du Pré. The film attracted controversy and criticism for allegedly distorting details in Jacqueline's life although Hilary du Pré publicly defended her version of the story.
 Ritmo sal y pimienta is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Yamraaj is a 1998 released Indian action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Jackie Shroff as thieves and their conflict between each other on their Goal.
 Dada's Dance (simplified Chinese: 达达; traditional Chinese: 達達; pinyin: Dádá) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by the leading sixth generation director Zhang Yuan. Unlike earlier films in his career Dada's Dance successfully negotiated the Chinese censorship apparatus and emerged unedited and unchanged from Zhang's original cut.
 Ring of Steel (1942) is an Army recruiting film narrated by Spencer Tracy. The film was produced at the Long Island studio of the Army Signal Corps by Warner Brothers for the U.S. Office for Emergency Management.The film uses stock footage with Tracy's voice-over narrating the story of America's military history from the perspective of the personification of the American soldier.
 Dirty Linen (Italian: Panni sporchi) is a 1999 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Holidays is 2010 Malayalam film directed by M M Ramachandran (Atlas Ramachandran) starring Vinu Mohan Ranjith Menon Muktha and Priya Lal in the lead roles. The film is about a few IT professionals who arrive at Kochi and get entangled in a web of problems.
 Rustlers is a 1949 American Western directed by Lesley Selander. The film is a Tim Holt B Western about a group of Arizona ranchers intent on stopping a gang of cattle rustlers.
 Casanova's Big Night (1954) is a comedy film starring Bob Hope and Joan Fontaine which is a spoof of swashbuckling historical adventure films. It was directed by Norman Z. McLeod.Hope plays a tailor who impersonates Giacomo Casanova the great lover. The film also stars Audrey Dalton Basil Rathbone Hugh Marlowe John Carradine Hope Emerson Lon Chaney Jr. Raymond Burr Natalie Schafer and Vincent Price (in a cameo appearance as the real Casanova).
 Buzz (Hebrew: באזז‎) is a 1998 Israeli film directed by Eli Cohen based on a real murder story. It is known for being frequently used and taught in the Israeli education system as well as the Israel Defense Forces and Israel Prison Service.
 Ruggles of Red Gap is a 1935 comedy film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Charles Laughton Mary Boland Charlie Ruggles and ZaSu Pitts and featuring Roland Young and Leila Hyams. It was based on the best selling 1915 novel by Harry Leon Wilson adapted by Humphrey Pearson and with a screenplay by Walter DeLeon and Harlan Thompson. It is the story of a newly rich American couple from the West who win a British gentleman's gentleman in a poker game.
 Colosseum an Juicy Lucy is a 1970 British concert film featuring performances of the bands Colesseum and Juicy Lucy.
 Engaeyum Eppothum (Anywhere Anytime) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by newcomer M. Saravanan. Starring Jai Anjali Sharvanand and Ananya it is produced by A. R. Murugadoss in association with Fox Star Studios marking the studio's entry into Tamil cinema. Engeyum Eppodhum illustrates two love stories—one set against the backdrop of Chennai and the other in Tiruchi—which join together in the climax.
 The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca. It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name and stars Monica Potter Tony Goldwyn Garret Dillahunt and Sara Paxton. The film follows the parents (Goldwyn and Potter) of Mari Collingwood (Paxton) who attempt to get revenge on a group of strangers led by a man named Krug (Dillahunt) that have taken shelter at their home during a thunderstorm.
 Koshish is a 1972 Hindi movie directed by Gulzar.Koshish is considered a landmark movie in the history of Indian cinema. It stars Sanjeev Kumar and Jaya Bhaduri. The movie depicts a deaf and mute couple and their conflicts pain and struggle to carve out a niche for themselves in a desensitized society. The film was remade in Tamil as Uyarndhavargal in 1977 with Kamal Haasan and Sujatha.
 Jönssonligan och Dynamit-Harry (1982) (The Johnson Gang & Dynamite-Harry - International: English title) is a Swedish film about the gang Jönssonligan.
 Hoodwinked! (alternatively styled Hoodwinked) is a 2005 American computer-animated family comedy film. It retells the folktale Little Red Riding Hood as a police investigation using flashbacks to show multiple characters' points of view. It was produced independently by Blue Yonder Films with Kanbar Entertainment directed and written by Cory Edwards Todd Edwards and Tony Leech and produced by Katie Hooten Maurice Kanbar David K. Lovegren Sue Bea Montgomery and Preston Stutzman.
 Not Quite a Lady is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mabel Poulton Janet Alexander and Barbara Gott. Unhappy with her son's choice of fiancee a wealthy woman holds a boring house party to try to put her off marrying into the family.
 The Mars Canon (火星のカノン Kasei no Kanon) is a 2002 Japanese film directed by Shiori Kazama. Themes of the film include adultery and homosexuality as Mars connotes both fighting and sexual intercourse.
 Ditte Child of Man (Danish: Ditte Menneskebarn) is a 1946 socio-realistic Danish drama directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen based on the novel by Martin Andersen Nexø. The film stars Tove Maës in the tragic story of an impoverished young girl who becomes the victim of harsh social conditions. The film has been noted as the first example of the more realistic and serious Danish film in the post-World War II era.
 Graveyard of Honor (仁義の墓場 Jingi no hakaba) is a 1975 yakuza film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. It is based on the life of real-life yakuza member Rikio Ishikawa who is played by Tetsuya Watari. Noboru Ando who plays Ryunosuke Nozu was actually a yakuza member before becoming an actor.It won Fukasaku the 1976 Blue Ribbon Award for Best Director. Takashi Miike directed a remake of it in 2002.
 In the Mix (working title: Dying for Dolly) is a 2005 American crime-comedy film starring R&B/pop singer Usher. It was released in the United States on November 23 2005 the film being targeted at the traditionally large Thanksgiving weekend audience.
 Tokyo File 212 is a 1951 American film directed by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan. It was credited as Hollywood's first feature film totally filmed in Japan.
 The Red Flute (Russian: Mest) and also released as Revenge is a 1989 Soviet drama film directed by Yermek Shinarbayev. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival. The film was restored in 2010 by the World Cinema Foundation at Cineteca di Bologna /L’Immagine Ritrovata Laboratory and released as Revenge.
 Dracula is a 1958 British horror film. It is the first in the series of Hammer Horror films inspired by the Bram Stoker novel Dracula. It was directed by Terence Fisher and stars Peter Cushing Michael Gough Carol Marsh Melissa Stribling and Christopher Lee. In the United States the film was retitled Horror of Dracula to avoid confusion with the 1931 film Dracula starring Bela Lugosi.Production began at Bray Studios on 17 November 1957 with an investment of £81000.
 Trucks is a 1997 Canadian and American television Horror film directed by Chris Thomson. It is based on Stephen King's short story Trucks which also serves as the source material for the earlier film Maximum Overdrive the only film directed by King.
 Looking for Eric is a 2009 French/Belgian/British/Spanish film about the escape from the trials of modern life that football and its heroes can bring for its fans. It was written by screen writer Paul Laverty and directed by English director Ken Loach. The film's cast includes former professional footballer Eric Cantona and former bassist with The Fall Steve Evets.Director Ken Loach said of the film We wanted to deflate the idea of celebrities as more than human.
 Tart is a 2001 coming of age film starring Dominique Swain Bijou Phillips and Brad Renfro.
 Nobody's Perfekt [sic] is a 1981 comedy film adapted from Tony Kenrick's novel Two for the Price of One; Kenrick wrote the screenplay for this film.
 Police Academy is a 1984 comedy film directed by Hugh Wilson and starring Steve Guttenberg Kim Cattrall and G.W. Bailey. It grossed approximately $146 million worldwide and spawned six more films in the Police Academy series.
 Horns and Halos (2002) a documentary film directed by Suki Hawley and Michael Galinsky is primarily about the difficult road the author (James Hatfield) and publisher (Sander Hicks at Soft Skull Press) travelled to bring Fortunate Son a controversial biography of George W. Bush to bookshelves again.
 Staying Together is a 1989 American comedy-drama film directed by Lee Grant and produced by Joseph Feury (Grant's husband) and Milton Justice. The film stars Sean Astin Stockard Channing Melinda Dillon Levon Helm (of The Band) Dermot Mulroney Tim Quill and Daphne Zuniga.
 When the Circus Came to Town is an American television movie that originally aired on CBS as a movie of the week on January 20 1981. Directed by Boris Sagal the film stars Elizabeth Montgomery Christopher Plummer and Eileen Brennan.
 The Sin of Madelon Claudet is a 1931 American drama film directed by Edgar Selwyn and starring Helen Hayes. The screenplay by Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht was adapted from the play The Lullaby by Edward Knoblock. It tells the story of a wrongly imprisoned woman who turns to theft and prostitution in order to support her son.
 Metrosexual (Thai: แก๊งชะนีกับอีแอบ or Gaeng chanee gup ee-aep) is a 2006 Thai romantic comedy film about four women who believe their best friend is about to marry a man who is gay. The film was directed by Yongyooth Thongkongtoon who also directed The Iron Ladies. The five female leads all co-host a daytime talk show on Thai TV Channel 3.
 Kraftprobe is a 1982 West German drama film directed by Heidi Genée. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tres Romeos y una Julieta (Three Romeos and One Juliet) is a 1961 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Mighty Times: The Children's March is a 2004 American short documentary film about the Birmingham civil rights marches. It was directed by Robert Houston and produced by Robert Hudson. The film won an Academy Award in 2005 for Documentary Short Subject. The film was co-produced by the Southern Poverty Law Center and HBO.
 Stronger Than Death is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is notable for featuring two expatriate Australian actors together in the cast Louise Lovely and Arthur Shirley. This was Lovely's first American film - indeed it was the first time the actor whose real name was Louise Carbasse was credited as Louise Lovely. The name was given to her by Carl Laemmle.The film is now considered to be lost.
 Hana - the Tale of a Reluctant Samurai known in Japan as Hana yori mo Naho (花よりもなほ) is a 2006 Japanese jidaigeki by director Hirokazu Koreeda. The film was released in the United States by Funimation who also gave it an English-language dub.
 Tarzan's Revenge (1938) is an adventure film starring Glenn Morris in his only outing as Tarzan. Eleanor Holm a popular swimming star co-starred as Eleanor Reed. The movie was produced by Sol Lesser written by R. Lee Johnson and Jay Vann (based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by D. Ross Lederman. Sol Lesser cast two Olympic athletes in Tarzan's Revenge: 1936 decathlon champion Glenn Morris as Tarzan and aquatic medal-winner Eleanor Holm as Eleanor.
 Suddenly Naked is a 2001 drama film directed by Anne Wheeler and written by Elyse Friedman.
 Carbide and Sorrel (German: Karbid und Sauerampfer) is a 1963 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck.
 Computer Dreams is an award-winning 1988 film created by Digital Vision Entertainment and released by MPI Home Video. Written produced and directed by Geoffrey de Valois and hosted by Amanda Pays it consists primarily of clips and behind-the-scenes work of early computer graphics animation. Notably included are Luxo Jr. and Red's Dream the first two short films from Pixar Animation Studios. The film is an hour long and features a haunting electronic score by Music Fantastic.
 Chinatown After Dark is a 1931 American film directed by Stuart Paton.
 Fleur bleue is a 1971 Quebec-made comedy/drama film starring Susan Sarandon and Steve Fiset. Although the title literally translates to English as Blue Flower it is better known in English as The Apprentice which is a better translation of the idiom used in the title. It is one of the very few Canadian films that is functionally bilingual shot in both English and French with the appropriate dialogue dubbed for the appropriate audience.
 A sequel to the fan films Pink Five and Pink Five Strikes Back Return of Pink Five continues the adventures of Stacey (Pink Five) around the edges of the original Star Wars trilogy. The film was directed by series creator Trey Stokes who co-wrote the film with Chris Hanel (The Formula). The film has been released in multiple parts. Volume One debuted online at Atomfilms on April 25 2006.
 Charly (stylized as CHAЯLY) is a 1968 American film directed by Ralph Nelson. The drama stars Cliff Robertson (in an Academy Award-winning performance) Claire Bloom Lilia Skala Leon Janney and Dick Van Patten and tells the story of a intellectually disabled bakery worker who is the subject of an experiment to increase human intelligence. Stirling Silliphant adapted the movie from the novel Flowers for Algernon by Daniel Keyes.
 Dust Be My Destiny is a drama film released in 1939. John Garfield stars as a man who gets into trouble after being sentenced to a work farm.
 Caravaggio (Italian:Caravaggio il pittore maledetto) is a 1941 Italian historical drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Amedeo Nazzari Clara Calamai and Lamberto Picasso. Nazzari portrays the painter Caravaggio as a wayward genius. It was one of his favourite screen roles.
 Kampeeravonturen is a 1952 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
 My Pal Trigger is a 1946 American western musical film directed by Frank McDonald. The screenplay by Jack Townley and John K. Butler was based upon a story by Paul Gangelin. The film stars Roy Rogers Dale Evans George “Gabby” Hayes Jack Holt and Trigger in a story about the origin of Rogers's mount and their deep and faithful bond. The film features several musical numbers for Rogers Evans and Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers.
 Cold weather redirects here. For the atmospheric phenomenon see WeatherCold Weather is an American mystery film written by Aaron Katz Ben Stambler and Brendan McFadden and directed by Katz with Stambler and McFadden producing. The film stars Cris Lankenau as a former forensic science student investigating the mysterious disappearance of his ex-girlfriend. The film was shot and set in Portland Oregon which was also the setting of Katz's debut feature Dance Party USA.
 La Zizanie is a 1978 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi written by Zidi and Michel Fabre and starring Louis de Funès and Annie Girardot. The English title is The Spat.
 Fitna (Arabic: فِتْنَة‎) is a 2008 short film by Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders. Approximately 17 minutes in length the film attempts to demonstrate that the Qur'an motivates its followers to hate all who violate Islamic teachings.
 Shikari is a black-and-white Hindi film released in 1964. The main characters of the film are Ajit and Ragini. It has a few good songs. But was not a success in the box office.
 Guys and Dolls is a 1955 musical film starring Marlon Brando Jean Simmons Frank Sinatra and Vivian Blaine. The film was made by Samuel Goldwyn Productions and distributed by MGM. It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz who also wrote the screenplay. It was based on the 1950 Broadway musical by composer and lyricist Frank Loesser with a book by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows based on The Idyll Of Miss Sarah Brown and Blood Pressure two short stories by Damon Runyon.
 Ganges: River to Heaven is a 2003 American documentary film by Boston filmmaker Gayle Ferraro. The film document the culture and beliefs of the Hindu religion across the Ganges River which has been considered holy in India.
 Social Genocide (Spanish: Memoria del saqueo) is a 2004 Argentine documentary film directed by Fernando Solanas. The film highlights numerous political financial social and judicial aspects that mark out Argentina's road to ruin.
 Love Happens is a 2009 romance drama film written and directed by Brandon Camp and starring Aaron Eckhart and Jennifer Aniston. It was released on September 18 2009.
 Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me is a 1992 American psychological horror film directed by David Lynch and written by Lynch and Robert Engels.
 Kannupada Poguthaiya (Tamil: கண்ணுபடப்போகுதைய்யா; English: People Will Get Jealous Sir) is a 1999 Tamil film starring Vijayakanth Simran Karan and directed by Barathi Ganesh. The score and soundtrack were composed by S. A. Rajkumar. It was produced by Super Good Films. The film was one among 1999 Deepavali releases and became a commercial successful film and received positive reviews.
 Father is a 1990 film about a retired German immigrant living in Australia Joe Muller (Max von Sydow) who is accused of being a former Nazi who committed war crimes in the Second World War by a strange woman called Iya Zetnick (Julia Blake). His daughter Anne Winton (Carol Drinkwater) is not sure whom to believe. The film was directed by John Power written by Tony Cavanaugh and Graham Hartley and produced by Barron Entertainment and Film Victoria.
 Der Spiegel des großen Magus is an East German film directed by Dieter Scharfenberg. It was released in 1980.
 The Women is a 2008 American comedy film written produced and directed by Diane English. The screenplay is an updated version of the George Cukor-directed 1939 film of the same name based on a 1936 play by Clare Boothe Luce.In the original film most of the characters were Manhattan socialites whose primary interest was idle gossip.
 La Vida Robot is an upcoming American film directed by Sean McNamara and produced by David Alpert Rick Jacobs Leslie Kolins Small George Lopez and Ben Odell. It is based on the true story of a group of high school students that compete in an underwater robotics competition first reported in a Wired Magazine story by Joshua Davis.
 A Faithful Soldier of Pancho Villa (Spanish: Un dorado de Pancho Villa) is a 1967 Mexican drama film written directed by and starring Emilio Fernández. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mutham (English: Kiss) is a 2002 Tamil slasher film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film features Arun Vijay Sathyan Nagendra Prasad Ajayan Charulatha Jenifer and Anjali in lead roles. The film produced by M. Arul Moorthy had musical score by Bharani and was released on 6 December 2002 to negative reviews.
 The Pool is a 2007 drama film co-written and directed by Chris Smith. The film stars non-professional actors Venkatesh Chavan and Jhangir Badshah as well as Bollywood veteran Nana Patekar and newcomer Ayesha Mohan.The story revolves around a young janitor working at a hotel in the port city of Panjim India who sees from his perch in a mango tree a luxuriant garden and shimmering pool hidden behind a wall.
 She's All That is a 1999 American teen romantic comedy film directed by Robert Iscove starring Freddie Prinze Jr. and Rachael Leigh Cook. It is a modern adaptation of George Bernard Shaw's play Pygmalion and George Cukor's 1964 film My Fair Lady. It was one of the most popular teen films of the 1990s and reached No. 1 at the box office in its first week of release.
 Bank Shot is a 1974 film directed by Gower Champion and written by Wendell Mayes. It was loosely based upon Donald E. Westlake's novel of the same name and was the second book of his Dortmunder series. The film stars George C. Scott Joanna Cassidy Sorrell Booke and G. Wood.
 Tracks is a 2013 Australian drama film directed by John Curran and starring Mia Wasikowska and Adam Driver. It is an adaptation of Robyn Davidson's memoir of the same name chronicling the author's nine-month journey on camels across the Australian desert. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival (Special Presentation) and the 70th Venice International Film Festival 2013 (in Official Competition). It was the opening film at the Adelaide Film Festival on 10 October 2013.
 King Uncle is a Hindi movie which was directed by Rakesh Roshan and released in India in 1993. The film stars Jackie Shroff Shahrukh Khan Anu Agarwal Paresh Rawal Pooja Ruparel Deven Verma and Nagma in pivotal roles.
 Joseph: King of Dreams is a 2000 American animated biblical musical family film and the only direct-to-video release from DreamWorks Animation. The film is an adaptation of the story of Joseph from the Book of Genesis in the Bible and also serves as a prequel to the 1998 film The Prince of Egypt.
 His Woman is a 1931 American romance drama film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Gary Cooper and Claudette Colbert. Based on the novel His Woman by Dale Collins the film is about a tough sea captain who discovers a baby aboard his freighter and hires a tramp masquerading as a missionary's daughter to care for the infant on their passage to New York. The film is a remake of the 1928 film Sal of Singapore.
 From Sky and Soil is a short film created as part of the Corus Young Filmmakers Initiative for broadcast on the W Network in Canada. Written and directed in 2004 by Royce Vavrek the film has undergone two major cuts one in 2005 by Evie Farmer for documentation at the Canadian Film and Television Production Association and another in 2007 by Adam James Beck for subsequent release.
 Disorder in the Court is the 15th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 A Reason to Believe is an American 1995 drama independent film directed by Douglas Tirola. The film is set in Cincinnati Ohio and was released on October 27 1995.
 Conrack is a 1974 film based on the 1972 autobiographical book The Water Is Wide by Pat Conroy directed by Martin Ritt and starring Jon Voight in the title role alongside Paul Winfield Madge Sinclair Hume Cronyn and Antonio Fargas. The film was released by 20th Century Fox on March 27 1974.
 Nee Nalla Varuvada (Tamil: நீ நல்லா வருவடா English: You will come good) is an upcoming Tamil romantic comedy film directed by debutant director Chandra Mohan. The film stars Jiiva and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles. The film was launched in April 2014.
 The Dark Hour is a 1936 American film directed by Charles Lamont.
 Dizengoff 99 (Hebrew: דיזנגוף 99‎) is a 1979 Israeli film starring Gali Atari Gidi Gov Meir Suissa and Anat Atzmon. The film considered a cult classic describes the way of life around Dizengoff Street and how it changed over the years. Filmed in Tel Aviv it was released in Israel and the United States as Dizengoff 99 and in West Germany as Three Under the Roof (German: Drei unter'm Dach).
 Cannot Live Without You (Chinese: 不能没有你) is a 2009 Taiwanese film directed by Leon Dai a professional Taiwanese actor. It was his second film as a director. This film was also selected as the official entry for 82nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. Dai also acted as the co-screenwriter and editor of the film.Cannot Live Without You was filmed entirely in black and white in digital format then transferred to film for distribution.
 A Última Vez Que Vi Macau is a 2012 Portuguese film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues and João Rui Guerra da Mata. It will be in competition for the Golden Leopard at the 2012 Locarno International Film Festival. It was shot in Macau.
 Me Me Me... and the Others (Italian: Io io io... e gli altri) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.
 El Pez que Fuma is a 1977 Venezuelan film. Considered by many to represent a peak in Venezuelan film-making El Pez que Fuma is the name of a brothel in La Guaira where the story takes place.
 Madame Butterfly is a 1932 Paramount dramatic film. It is based on the play by David Belasco which is based on the story by John Luther Long and is adapted by Josephine Lovett and Joseph Moncure March. It stars Cary Grant and Sylvia Sidney. Music is credited to W. Franke Harling (although much of it is an adaptation of Puccini's opera Madama Butterfly) cinematography by David Abel art direction by Ward Ihnen. It premiered on December 30 1932.
 My Baby is a 1912 American short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith and Frank Powell. Prints of the film exist in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and the Library of Congress.
 The Man Without Nerves (German:Der Mann ohne Nerven) is a 1924 French-German silent crime film directed by Gérard Bourgeois and Harry Piel and starring Piel Dary Holm and Albert Paulig. It premiered in Berlin on 5 December 1924.
 The Mirror is a 1999 Hong Kong horror film directed by Siu Wing produced and written by Raymond Wong.
 House of the Dead 2 (alternately titled House of the Dead II: Dead Aim) is the 2005 sequel to Brightlight Pictures' 2003's House of the Dead. The movie is directed by Michael Hurst and premiered at the Sitges Film Festival in Spain on October 14 2005 and premiered in the United States on the SciFi Channel on February 11 2006.
 Portrait of Chieko (智恵子抄 Chieko-sho) is a 1967 Japanese drama film directed by Noboru Nakamura and based on a poem by the Japanese poet and sculptor Kōtarō Takamura. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Black Day Blue Night is an American crime/thriller film. Released in both 1995 and 1996.
 Hyderabad Blues (1998) is a Bollywood movie directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. The film is about a NRI vacationing back home in Hyderabad India and finding himself a foreigner in his own land.
 The Power and the Prize is a 1956 drama film directed by Henry Koster starring Robert Taylor and Burl Ives. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1957 for costume design.
 Zelda is a 1993 American television movie based on the lives of author F. Scott Fitzgerald and his wife Zelda Fitzgerald artist and fellow author.
 The Vengeful Beauty (血芙蓉) is a 1978 Shaw Brothers film directed by Meng Hua Ho starring Lo Lieh Chen Ping and Norman Chu.
 The Long Good Friday is a British gangster film starring Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren. It was completed in 1979 but because of release delays it is generally credited as a 1980 film. It was voted at number 21 in the British Film Institute's list of the top 100 British films of the 20th century and provided Bob Hoskins with his breakthrough film role.
 Man of the Century is a 1999 comedy film directed by Adam Abraham and written by Abraham and Gibson Frazier. The film stars Frazier Cara Buono Susan Egan Dwight Ewell and Anthony Rapp. It is a farce about the attitudes values and slang displayed in the popular culture of the 1920s (and to some extent the early 1930s). Man of the Century was filmed in black and white. Its working title was Johnny Twennies.
 Hard to Be a God (German: Es ist nicht leicht ein Gott zu sein Russian: Трудно быть богом) is a joint USSR-Germany science fiction film directed by Peter Fleischmann released in 1989. Based on the novel with the same name by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.The Strugatsky brothers' main request was for the director to be of Soviet origin possibly Aleksei German. Still against their will Fleischmann became the director of this project.
 Poslední propadne peklu is a Czech adventure film directed by Ludvík Ráža. It was released in 1982.
 Smokey Bites the Dust is a 1981 car chase film from New World Pictures directed by Charles B. Griffith. Despite the title it is not an official sequel to Smokey and the Bandit (1977).
 Naked Fame a documentary that follows Colton Ford's transition from the world of gay porn to that of a mainstream singer. It opened on February 18 2005 in the United States to mixed critical reviews.
 301 302 or 301/302 is a 1995 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo. It tells the story of two South Korean women neighbors in the same apartment building who take very different approaches to the difficulties of modern life; one indulges in food sex and spending while the other lives in self-imposed austerity. Compulsion a 2013 Canadian psychological thriller directed by Egidio Coccimiglio is based on this movie.
 Safed Jhoot is a 1977 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by Basu Chatterjee.
 Tora-san the Go-Between (男はつらいよ 寅次郎恋愛塾 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Ren'aijuku) is a 1985 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kanako Higuchi as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san the Go-Between is the thirty-fifth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 ...Y mañana serán mujeres (English: ...And Tomorrow Will Be Women) is a 1955 Mexican drama film directed by Alejandro Galindo. It was written by Luis Alcoriza. The film credited for being one of the earliest films in Mexican cinema to exploit emerging popular music in the 1950s.
 Imitation General is a 1958 war comedy film starring Glenn Ford Red Buttons and Taina Elg.
 Be-Shaque is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Kashinath starring Mithun Chakraborty Yogeeta Bali Amrish Puri and Jalal Agha
 Apparitional also known as Haunting of Cellblock 11 is a 2013 American horror film about a reality TV ghost hunting crew that investigates an abandoned prison. It was directed and written by Andrew P. Jones. The film was first shown on July 20 2013 at the Goodrich Capital 8 Theaters in Jefferson City Missouri where most of the movie was filmed.
 Miley Naa Miley Hum is a Bollywood film marking the debut of Chirag Paswan who is son of Ram Vilas Paswan. The film stars Kangna Ranaut Neeru Bajwa and Sagarika Ghatge. The film released on November 4 2011.[citation needed]. The film has an item number by Shweta Tiwari. The film went unnoticed and considered a box office flop.
 Oru Vidukadhai Oru Thodarkadhai is a Tamil film directed by M.A. Kaja released in 1979.
 Hell's Highway is a 2002 horror film written and directed by Jeff Leroy.
 Lloyd's of London is a 1936 American drama film directed by Henry King. It stars Tyrone Power Madeleine Carroll and Guy Standing. The supporting cast includes Freddie Bartholomew George Sanders Virginia Field and C. Aubrey Smith. Loosely based on historical events the film follows the dealings of a man who works for Lloyd's of London during the Napoleonic Wars.
 Ittefaq is a 2001 Indian Bollywood action film directed by Sanjay Khanna. It stars Sunil Shetty Pooja Batra and Mukul Dev in pivotal roles. Pop musician Remo Fernandes also makes a special appearance in this film.
 Where the Pavement Ends (1923) is a silent tropical romance drama directed by Rex Ingram on location in Cuba and starring his wife Alice Terry and Ramón Novarro. The film was produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It is now considered a lost film. Another source says the film was shot in Coconut Grove Florida.
 Vera is a Brazilian film written and directed by Sérgio Toledo (1987) and starring Ana Beatriz Nogueira Norma Blum Raul Cortez and Carlos Kroeber.The film is based on the short and troubled life of Anderson Bigode Herzer a transsexual and the author of the book A queda para o alto.
 Alien Express (formerly known as Dead Rail) is a 2005 film directed by Turi Meyer and stars Lou Diamond Phillips Amy Locane Barry Corbin and Todd Bridges. The film was released direct-to-video on August 13 2005.
 The Schemers is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Dawn of a Tomorrow is a 1915 silent film starring Mary Pickford produced by Adolph Zukor's Famous Players Film Company and directed by James Kirkwood. It is based on a 1909 stage play starring Eleanor Robson Belmont her last stage role. This film was rereleased by Paramount in 1919 under their Success-Series banner and a copy survives in Sweden today. The story was remade in 1924 again as The Dawn of a Tomorrow with Jacqueline Logan in the lead.
 The Headsman (aka Shadow of the Sword Au. Henker) is a 2005 film directed by Simon Aeby. Set in early 16th century Tyrol it is set before the background of the turmoils of the Lutheran Reformation. It was filmed in Austria and Hungary.The film was nominated for the Grand Prix des Amériques at the Montréal World Film Festival in 2005.
 La Bohème (aka:La vie de Bohème) is a 1916 silent historical film directed by Albert Capellani and distributed by World Pictures. The star of this version is Alice Brady whose father William A. Brady was the founder of World Pictures. This film is one of many silent versions actually the third or fourth. Later silent versions appeared in 1917 and 1926 starring Lillian Gish.
 Mai meaning mother in Marathi is a 2013 Hindi film which marks the debut of veteran singer Asha Bhosle as a lead actress. The film is a family drama of how children abandon their ailing old parents. The film is also debut directorial venture of Mahesh Kodiyal.
 Choices of the Heart is an award-winning television movie based on the lives of Jean Donovan Archbishop Oscar Romero and the three other churchwomen who were killed in El Salvador during their Civil War.
 Desire (German: Sehnsucht) is a 1921 silent film directed by F. W. Murnau and starring Conrad Veidt. It tells the story of a male dancer who falls in love with a grand duchess only to be arrested and his subsequent attempt to find the duchess.As of 2005 it is believed to be a lost film as no prints are known to exist. Robert Neppach worked as the film's art director.
 Purani Jeans is a 2014 Bollywood coming-of-age drama directed by Tanushri Chattrji Bassu the film stars Tanuj Virwani Aditya Seal and Izabelle Leite in lead roles The film is based on the belief that – “friendship is like a pair of old jeans- the older it gets the better it becomes” and tells the story of young boy who returns to his hometown and reconnects with his old friends. Ram Sampath has scored the film’s music.
 Turri il bandito is a 1950 Italian film directed by Enzo Trapani.
 Khatarnak (Telugu: ఖతర్నాక్) is a Telugu film directed by choreographer-turned-director Amma Rajasekhar. Ravi Teja and Ileana D'Cruz play the lead roles. B. V. S. N. Prasad has produced this film. This film released on December 14 2006. This film was dubbed in hindi as Main hoon khatarnak. And this film has a lot of resemblance with south-korean movie Mr. Socrates which was released in November 2005. The film was a big flop.
 The Big Gay Musical is a 2009 gay-themed musical-comedy film written by Fred M. Caruso and co-directed by Caruso and Casper Andreas. The film follows a brief period in the lives of two young actors one who is openly gay the other closeted to his parents.
 The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia is a 1981 film starring Kristy McNichol Dennis Quaid Mark Hamill and Don Stroud directed by Ronald F. Maxwell.It was very loosely inspired by the 1973 Vicki Lawrence song of the same name (it shares almost no plot elements with the original song). In 1981 Tanya Tucker recorded a different version for the film's soundtrack and new lyrics related to the plot of the film were written.
 Cell 211 (Spanish: Celda 211) is a 2009 Spanish prison film directed by Daniel Monzón starring Luis Tosar Alberto Ammann and Antonio Resines.
 Zakhmi Dil is an Indian Punjabi movie released 1981.
 Matando Cabos (Killing Cabos) is a 2004 Mexican film directed by Alejandro Lozano in close partnership with long-time friend Tony Dalton. The film was one of the most highly anticipated Mexican movies of all time mainly due to its high budget and the amount of money put into the action scenes such as the car chase through the Estadio Azteca.
 Smith's Wives is a 1935 British comedy film directed by H. Manning Haynes and starring Ernie Lotinga Beryl de Querton and Tyrell Davis. A farcial situation occurs when a vicar and a bookmaker with the same surname are mistaken for each other. It was based on the play Facing the Music by James Darnley. It was Lotinga's only film in which he didn't play his trademark character Jimmy Josser.
 Artistenrevue is a 1926 Dutch silent comedy film directed by Alex Benno.
 Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules (Maciste l'uomo più forte del mondo) is a 1961 Italian film directed by Antonio Leonviola.The film is also known as Maciste and the Night Queen (informal English title) Mole Men vs. the Son of Hercules (American TV title) and The Strongest Man in the World (in the United Kingdom). It is one of several films in a series shown in the USA as The Sons of Hercules.
 Baby is a 2000 made-for-television drama film starring Farrah Fawcett Keith Carradine and an early performance from Alison Pill.
 Exiles is a 2004 French film by Tony Gatlif. The film follows two young bohemians Zano and Naima. After having sex the two spontaneously decide that they will travel to Algeria where Naima's parents come from and where Zano's (Romain Duris) pied-noir parents were once exiled. Their adventurous journey to Algiers is full of character exploration relationship hiccups and imagery. The film was also a homecoming for Gatlif himself seeing him return to Algeria 43 years after he left.
 Equalizer 2000 also known as Defender 2000 is a 1987 action movie filmed in the Philippines featuring an appearance by Robert Patrick. The film is best described as one of the many Mad Max ripoffs which were prevalent in the mid-1980s.
 Life (Chinese: 人生; pinyin: Ren Sheng) is a 1984 Chinese drama film directed by Wu Tianming. The film was selected as the Chinese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts is a 2006 documentary film directed by Spike Lee about the devastation of New Orleans Louisiana due to the failure of the levees during Hurricane Katrina. It was filmed in late August and early September 2005 and premiered at the New Orleans Arena on August 16 2006 and was first aired on HBO the following week. The television premiere aired in two parts on August 21 and 22 2006 on HBO.
 Fack ju Göhte (intentional misspelling of Fuck you Goethe) is a 2013 German comedy by Bora Dagtekin. Elyas M'Barek and Karoline Herfurth play the main roles while upcoming actors Max von der Groeben and Jella Haase play the supporting roles. The film was produced by Rat Pack Filmproduktion in coproduction with Constantin Film.Fack ju Göthe premiered on the 29th of October 2013 in Munich and was subsequently released in cinemas on the 7th of November 2013.
 American Casino is a 2009 documentary film about the American subprime mortgage crisis. It is directed and produced by Leslie Cockburn with Andrew Cockburn as co-producer.The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on May 2 2009 and opened at the Roxie Theater in San Francisco on August 21 and at the Film Forum in New York City on September 2.
 The Vows (Portuguese: A Promessa) is a 1973 Portuguese drama film directed by António de Macedo. It was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Habit of Happiness is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and filmed by cinematographer Victor Fleming. The film was written by Allan Dwan and Shannon Fife from a suggestion by D. W. Griffith and stars Douglas Fairbanks. A 16mm print of the film is preserved in a private collection.
 Crippled Avengers is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and starring four members of the Venom Mob. It has been released in North America as Mortal Combat and Return of the 5 Deadly Venoms.The film follows a group of martial artists seeking revenge after being crippled by Tu Tin-To (Chen Kuan Tai) a martial arts master and his son (Lu Feng).Return of the 5 Deadly Venoms sets the tone of vengeance from the opening scene.
 Holidays by the Sea (French: Ni à vendre ni à louer) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Pascal Rabaté.
 The Mummy's Hand is a 1940 black-and-white horror film produced by Ben Pivar for Universal Studios. Although it is sometimes claimed by fans as a sequel or follow-up to the 1932 film The Mummy it does not continue the 1932 film's storyline or feature any of the same characters and its plot suggests rather an unacknowledged remake of the earlier mummy film.
 Mamma Gógó is a 2010 Icelandic drama film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Chinna Poove Mella Pesu is a 1987 Tamil drama film directed by the duo Robert - Rajasekhar. The film features Prabhu Ramki Narmadha Sudha Chandran and Sabitha Anand in lead roles. The film produced by S. K. Rajagopal had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 17 April 1987. The film became highly successful at the box office. The film also marked the debut of S. A. Rajkumar Ramki and Narmadha.
 Schizoid (also known as Murder by Mail) is a 1980 horror film directed and written by David Paulsen.
 The Oranges is an American romantic comedy directed by Julian Farino starring Hugh Laurie Leighton Meester Catherine Keener Oliver Platt Allison Janney Alia Shawkat and Adam Brody. The film chronicles how two families deal with a scandal involving a married man and his friends' daughter. Set in The Oranges area of Essex County New Jersey The Oranges was primarily filmed in New Rochelle New York.
 KQ is an 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy written by S. Valath and directed by Baiju Johnson starring Anson PaulBaiju EzhupunnaParvathy Omanakuttan Salim Kumar. The film is produced by Reeni Baiju and features music composed by Stephen Devassy. It is the first Malayalam film of Anson Paul And Parvathy Omanakkuttan Miss world runner up 2008.
 The Teacher is a 1974 American coming-of-age suspense film written produced and directed by Hickmet Avedis (aka: Howard Avedis) and released by Crown International Pictures. The film stars Angel Tompkins Jay North and Anthony James and tells the story of an 18-year-old's first relationship with his alluring teacher and the hidden danger awaiting them in the shadows.
 Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American crime film directed by Quentin Tarantino who also co-wrote the screenplay along with Roger Avary. The film is known for its eclectic dialogue ironic mix of humor and violence nonlinear storyline and a host of cinematic allusions and pop culture references. The film was nominated for seven Oscars including Best Picture; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay. It was also awarded the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ekspedisi Madewa (Madewa's Expedition) is a 2006 Indonesian adventure film directed by Franklin Darmadi
 Clerks II is a 2006 American comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith sequel to his 1994 film Clerks and his sixth and latest feature film to be set in the View Askewniverse. The film stars Brian O'Halloran Jeff Anderson Rosario Dawson Trevor Fehrman Jennifer Schwalbach Smith Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith and picks up with the original characters from Clerks: Dante Hicks Randal Graves and Jay and Silent Bob 10 years after the events of the first film.
 Poltergeist is an upcoming horror thriller film directed by Gil Kenan and written by David Lindsay-Abaire. It is the reboot of the 1982 film of the same name. The film stars Sam Rockwell Jared Harris Rosemarie DeWitt Saxon Sharbino Kyle Catlett Kennedi Clements and Jane Adams.
 The Verdict (Dutch: Het vonnis) is a 2013 Belgian drama film directed by Jan Verheyen that premiered at the Montreal International Film Festival.
 This Film is Not Yet Rated is a 2006 independent documentary film about the Motion Picture Association of America's rating system and its effect on American culture directed by Kirby Dick and produced by Eddie Schmidt. It premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and was released limited on September 1 2006. The Independent Film Channel the film's producer aired the film later that year.
 Lankeswarudu is released on 27 Oct 1989 Tollywood film starring Chiranjeevi Radha Revathi Kaikala Satyanarayana Mohan Babu and Raghuvaran. This film was directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.The action scenes in climax were inspired from Die Hard movie.
 Delhi Safari is a 2012 Indian bilingual stereoscopic 3D animation film directed by Nikhil Advani. It has been produced by Krayon Pictures (a Pune based 3D animation studio). The film features the voices of Akshaye Khanna Govinda Suniel Shetty Boman Irani and Urmila Matondkar. The screenplay of the film is written by Girish Dhamija and Suresh Nair. The film traces the journey of five animals and birds from Mumbai to Delhi.
 Children of the Dark (闇の子供たち Yami no Kodomotachi) also known as Children of Darkness is a 2008 Japanese crime film written and directed by Junji Sakamoto based upon the book by the same name by Yang Sok-il. The film premiered on August 2 2008 in Japan and stars Yosuke Eguchi Aoi Miyazaki and Satoshi Tsumabuki. Due to its content Bangkok International Film Festival pulled Children of the Dark from its 2008 film lineup stating that it was “not appropriate for Thai society.”
 Hridoyer Katha (Bengali: হৃদয়ের কথা) is a 18 October 2006 released Bangladeshi movie directed by S.A. Haque Alik. Riaz acted as producer for the first time in his career. Notable songs in the film are Bhalobasbo Basbore Bondhu (Habib Wahid) and Jay Din Jay Ekaki (S.I. Tutul).
 Private Lessons is the title of an American comedy film released in 1981. The film starred Sylvia Kristel Howard Hesseman Eric Brown and Ed Begley Jr.The screenplay was written by Dan Greenburg who wrote the original source novel Philly.
 Pirates Island is a 1990 Australian movie about a group of children who are swept away in a balloon to an island where pirates run amok.
 I Love You Love (Slovak: Ja milujem ty miluješ) is a 1989 Czech drama film directed by Dušan Hanák. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival where Hanák won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 The Wheel of Life is a 1929 film starring Richard Dix.
 El Gran secreto is a 1942 Argentine film.
 The Angry Silence is a 1960 British drama film directed by Guy Green and starring Richard Attenborough. Screenwriter Bryan Forbes won a BAFTA Award and an Oscar nomination for his contribution (shared with Michael Craig and Richard Gregson). It was also entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.The theme for this film is every man's right to his own individuality.
 Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short losing to another film by Guggenheim Nine from Little Rock.
 The Mist (also known as Stephen King's The Mist) is a 2007 American science fiction horror film based on the 1980 novella of the same name by Stephen King. The film was written and directed by Frank Darabont who had previously adapted Stephen King's works The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile. Darabont had been interested in adapting The Mist for the big screen since the 1980s.
 Trouble at Melody Mesa is a 1949 American film directed by W. Merle Connell.
 Choker is a 2005 American sci-fi/action/horror film written and directed by Nick Vallelonga and starring Paul Sloan Colleen Porch Hayley DuMond Anthony John Denison Robert R. Shafer Katrina Law and Jesse Corti. The film premiered March 19 2005 at the Other Venice Film Festival and was released under the title Disturbance on DVD by MTI Home Video in October 2006.
 Living with the Enemy is a 2005 film starring Sarah Lancaster as Allison Conner a young woman who meets a handsome software billionaire Phillip Lauder (Mark Humphrey) while attending a technology conference with her boss. A romance quickly develops between the two Phillip proposes and they quickly marry.
 Rabindranath Tagore is a 1961 black-and-white short film directed by an Indian director Satyajit Ray on the life and works of noted Bengali author Rabindranath Tagore. Ray started working on the documentary in the beginning of 1958 and it was released during the birth centenary year of Rabindranath Tagore who was born on May 7 1861. Ray avoided the controversial aspects of Tagore's life in order to make it as an official portrait of the poet.
 Salvate mia figlia is a 1951 Italian film.
 Wedding Days (Galician: Días de voda Spanish: Días de boda) is a 2002 dogma film directed by Juan Pinzás.
 Kiss of the Spider Woman (Portuguese: O Beijo da Mulher-Aranha) is a 1985 Brazilian-American drama film directed by Argentine-born Brazilian director Héctor Babenco and adapted by Leonard Schrader from the Manuel Puig novel of the same name. William Hurt Raúl Juliá Sonia Braga José Lewgoy and Milton Gonçalves star in the leading roles.
 Nel sole is a 1967 Italian musicarello film directed by Aldo Grimaldi. The title is a reference to the Al Bano's hit song with the same name.
 In the Land of the Head Hunters (also called In the Land of the War Canoes) is a 1914 silent film fictionalizing the world of the Kwakwaka'wakw (Kwakiutl) peoples of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia Canada written and directed by Edward S.
 Vacanze col gangster is a 1951 Italian film directed by Dino Risi.
 The Fog is a 1923 silent film starring Mildred Harris; the poster for this movie was featured in Sherlock Jr.. This movie still survives. The exact release date for this movie was January 18th 1923.
 The Curse of Quon Gwon: When the Far East Mingles with the West is a black-and-white silent film. Filmed circa 1916 or 17 it was apparently never released and long thought lost.
 First Prize for the Cello is a French made comedy Silent film from 1907.
 La vie promise is a 2002 French film directed by Olivier Dahan written by Olivier Dahan and Agnès Fustier-Dahan and starring by Isabelle Huppert Pascal Greggory and Maud Forget.
 Jigarwala is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Swaroop Kumar and produced by Surinder Kaur Jerath. It stars Anil Kapoor and Tina Munim in pivotal roles.
 Unnai Vaazhthi Paadugiren is a 1992 Tamil romantic film directed by Shridev. The film features Parthiban Suman Ranganathan and Mohini in lead roles. The film produced by T. P. Kovai Thambi had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 February 1992.
 Mighty Fine is a 2012 American film.
 Never Mind the Horrocks was a one-off television show built around the talents of British television comedian Jane Horrocks. It was broadcast on Channel 4 on Thursday 19 September 1996 at 10:00pm and also starred Martin Clunes Mel Giedroyc Rebecca Front David Haig Alexander Armstrong Philip Pope with a special guest appearance by Angela Rippon. Its name is a pun on the Sex Pistols album Never Mind the Bollocks.
 The Cape Town Affair is director Robert D. Webb's 1967 glamorized spy film produced by 20th Century Fox at Killarney Film Studios in South Africa. The film stars Claire Trevor James Brolin and Jacqueline Bisset. The film is a remake of the 1953 picture Pickup on South Street.
 Akka is a 1976 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Madurai Thirumaran and produced by Mathura Films. It stars K. R. Vijaya and Jaiganesh in the lead roles.
 Ahen senso (阿片戦争) (or 阿片戰争) aka The Opium War is a 1943 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Masahiro Makino.Ahen senso in Japan refers to the First Opium War. The story of the film concerns this war.
 Blood Song (also known Dream Slayer) is a 1982 horror film directed by Robert Angus and Alan J. Levi produced by Frank Avianca and Lenny Montana and starring Frankie Avalon.
 Letters to Juliet is a 2010 American romantic drama film starring Amanda Seyfried Christopher Egan Vanessa Redgrave Gael García Bernal and Franco Nero. This was the final film of director Gary Winick. The film was released theatrically in North America and other countries on May 14 2010.
 Andari Bandhuvaya (English:Friend to all) is an award winning moral Telugu movie released in 2010.It received Akkineni Award for best home-viewing feature film for the year 2010.It was directed by Chandra Siddarth. The story and dialogues was written by popular Telugu novelist Balabhadrapatruni Ramani. The movie is based on a novel called Andari Banduvaya. It is a low budget movie which did well in overseas. At box office it couldn't get good collections at initial but it meet slow success.
 I Am Twenty (Russian: Мне двадцать лет translit. Mne dvadtsat let) is a 1965 film directed by Marlen Khutsiev. It is Khutsiev's most famous film and considered a landmark of 1960s Soviet cinema.The film was originally entitled Zastava Iliycha (known in English alternately as Ilyich's Gate or Lenin's Guard) but it was heavily censored upon completion trimmed to half its original length retitled and withheld from release until 1965.
 Black Sheep is a New Zealand made comedy horror film written and directed by Jonathan King. The film's splatstick-style was inspired by New Zealand director Peter Jackson's movies like Braindead and Bad Taste.
 The Great McGinty is a 1940 political satire comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges starring Brian Donlevy and Akim Tamiroff and featuring William Demarest and Muriel Angelus. It was Sturges's first film as a director; he sold the story to Paramount Pictures for just $1 on condition he direct the film. Sturges went on to win the Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay.In the U.K. the film was retitled Down Went McGinty.
 Delitto al luna park is a 1952 Italian film.
 Deadmeat is a 2007 British urban crime drama thriller film written directed produced by and starring Q. The film is about a man who has just been released from prison and sets out to exact violent revenge against the gang who murdered his brother.
 Athaimadi Methaiadi is a 1989 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan for C.R.Productions. The film stars K.S.G. Venkatesh Pallavi and Ilavarasi in the lead roles.
 As described in the WVPT website: This spectacular cosmic journey has been specially filmed in June 2013 at Elstree Studios just outside of London.
 Midnight Rider is a planned American biographical drama film directed by Randall Miller which he co-wrote with Jody Savin based on the autobiography My Cross to Bear by the singer Gregg Allman. The film features Tyson Ritter Zoey Deutch and Eliza Dushku.On February 20 2014 while shooting on a trestle bridge in Wayne County Georgia second camera assistant Sarah Jones was struck and killed by a passing train and seven others injured.
 Ennodishtam Koodamo is a 1992 Malayalam film by Kamal made in India starring Mukesh Madhoo Suvarna Mathew and Telugu actor J. D. Chakravarthy. It is the debut movie of Malayalam actor Dileep who played a small part. Dileep and Lal Jose assisted Kamal for direction and both became successful later as an actor and an independent director respectively.
 Abar Byomkesh is an Indian adventure film on Bengali fictional detective Byomkesh Bakshi released on 23 March 2012. The film is directed by Anjan Dutt. Dutt made another film Byomkesh Bakshi which was released on 13 August 2010.
 Dead Air is a 2009 horror/science fiction film. Dead Air focuses on a radio station that warns its listeners after an explosion unleashes zombies into Los Angeles. Writer Kenny Yakkel explains that the zombies are not actual zombies It's like a PCP zombie movie that's my take on it 'cause they're not really dead.
 Gefährliche Fracht is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 I Am a King (Hangul: 나는 왕이로소이다; hanja: 나는 王이로소이다; RR: Naneun Wangirosoida; MR: Nanŭn wangirosoida also known as I Am the King) is a 2012 South Korean historical comedy film starring Joo Ji-hoon Park Yeong-gyu Baek Yoon-sik Byun Hee-bong and Kim Soo-ro. The film is inspired by The Prince and the Pauper and is set in the Joseon Dynasty with Joo playing the dual roles of king and beggar. It was released on August 8 2012 and ran for 120 minutes.
 The Fifth Wheel (Italian: L'ultima ruota del carro) is a 2013 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Giovanni Veronesi. It was the opening film at the 2013 Rome Film Festival.
 Ravagers is a 1979 film directed by Richard Compton and based on the novel by Robert Edmond Alter. In the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust survivors do what they can to protect themselves against ravagers a mutated group of vicious marauders who terrorize the few remaining civilized inhabitants.
 Chi-hwa-seon or Chwi-hwa-seon (also known as Painted Fire Strokes of Fire or Drunk on Women and Poetry) is a 2002 South Korean drama film directed by Im Kwon-taek about Jang Seung-up (Oh-won) a nineteenth-century Korean painter who changed the direction of Korean art.
 Fun with Dick and Jane is a 2005 remake of the 1977 American comedy film of the same name directed by Dean Parisot and written by Judd Apatow and Nicholas Stoller. It stars Jim Carrey and Téa Leoni as Dick and Jane Harper an upper-middle-class couple who resort to robbery after the company for which Dick works goes bankrupt. Alec Baldwin Richard Jenkins Angie Harmon John Michael Higgins Richard Burgi Carlos Jacott Gloria Garayua and Stephnie Weir also star.
 Shabhash Daddy is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Kishore Kumar.
 Crimen (also known as ...And Suddenly It's Murder! and Killing in Monte Carlo) is a 1960 Italian whodunit-comedy movie by Mario Camerini.The movie had two remakes: the first Io non vedo tu non parli lui non sente was directed by the same Camerini in 1971 and was starred by Gastone Moschin Enrico Montesano and Alighiero Noschese the second Once Upon a Crime was filmed in 1992 by Eugene Levy and has John Candy and James Belushi in the main roles.
 De Dans van de Reiger is a 1966 Dutch film directed by Fons Rademakers.
 Miffo is a 2003 Swedish film directed by Daniel Lind Lagerlöf.
 Men in Hope (Czech: Muži v naději) is a 2011 Czech drama film written and directed by Jiří Vejdělek.
 December 7th (1943) is a propaganda film produced by the US Navy and directed by John Ford and Gregg Toland about the December 7 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor the event which sparked the Pacific War and American involvement in World War II.
 Around the World Under the Sea is a 1966 science fiction film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Lloyd Bridges with Marshall Thompson Shirley Eaton Gary Merrill and David McCallum. It follows the adventures of a crew of the deep-diving nuclear-powered civilian research submarine Hydronaut making a submerged circumnavigation of the world to plant monitoring sensors on the ocean floor that will help scientists better predict impending earthquakes.
 Il Futuro is a 2013 drama film directed by Alicia Scherson. Based on Roberto Bolaño's novel Una novelita lumpen the film stars Manuela Martelli and Rutger Hauer. The film was shot in Italy Chile and Germany and is an Italian-Chilean-German-Spanish production.
 Aaj Ka Goonda Raj is a Hindi film starring Chiranjeevi and Meenakshi Seshadri in the lead roles. Its a remake of Telugu film Gang Leader and gave the second hit for Chiranjeevi in Bollywood.
 La Fiaca is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Fernando Ayala.
 Coals of Fire is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film was written by Theodosia Harris and stars Harry von Meter and Louise Lester.
 Final Voyage is an action/drama film released in 1999. The film stars Dylan Walsh Ice-T Erika Eleniak and Claudia Christian.Tagline: 2500 passengers 1 sinking ship no escape.
 Anyay Abichar is a 1985 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Shakti Samanta starring Mithun Chakraborty Rozina and Utpal Dutt
 Me and Charly (Danish: Mig og Charly) is a 1978 Danish drama film directed by Morten Arnfred and Henning Kristiansen. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Cleopatra Jones is a 1973 blaxploitation action film starring Tamara Dobson.
 The Family Stone is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Thomas Bezucha. Produced by Michael London and distributed by 20th Century Fox it stars an ensemble cast including Diane Keaton Craig T. Nelson Dermot Mulroney Sarah Jessica Parker Luke Wilson Claire Danes Rachel McAdams Tyrone Giordano Brian J.
 Tortilla Flat is a 1942 film with Spencer Tracy Hedy Lamarr John Garfield Frank Morgan Akim Tamiroff and Sheldon Leonard based on the novel by John Steinbeck. It was directed by Victor Fleming.
 Edge of Tomorrow is an upcoming 2014 British-American science fiction film directed by Doug Liman from a screenplay adapted by Dante Harper. Based on the Japanese light novel All You Need Is Kill by Hiroshi Sakurazaka the film stars Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt. It is scheduled to be released in 3D and IMAX 3D on June 6 2014.
 Buddy is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Raaj Prabavathy Menon. The film has been produced by Augustin Jackson and it will feature Anoop Menon Srikanth Bhumika Chawla Balachandra Menon Babu Antony Asha Sarath Arun Midhun and Mithun Murali. Balachandra Menon is making a comeback after a long time through this film. The film was a flop at the box office.
 The New Adventures of Pinocchio is a 1999 direct-to-video film that is a sequel to the 1996 film The Adventures of Pinocchio. The film was directed by Michael Anderson and featured Martin Landau reprising his role as Geppetto with Udo Kier reprising his role as Lorenzini but also playing Lorenzini's widow Madame Flambeau. The film also featured Sarah Alexander Simon Schatzberger Warwick Davis and Ben Ridgeway and introduced Gabriel Thomson as Pinocchio.
 Cloudstreet is an Australian television drama miniseries for the Showcase subscription television channel which first screened from 22 May 2011 in three parts. It is an adaptation of Cloudstreet an award-winning novel by Australian author Tim Winton. It was filmed in 2010 in Perth with Matthew Saville as the director and script written by Tim Winton and Ellen Fontana.
 Luther is a 2003 biopic about the life of Martin Luther (1483–1546) starring Joseph Fiennes. It was an independent film partially funded by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. The film covers Luther's life from his becoming a monk in 1505 to the Diet of Augsburg in 1530.
 Patrik Age 1.5 (Swedish: Patrik 15) is a 2008 Swedish comedy–drama film in which a gay Swedish couple adopt what they at first believe to be a baby Patrik only to have him turn out to be a homophobic teenager.
 Darwin's Nightmare is a 2004 Austrian-French-Belgian documentary film written and directed by Hubert Sauper dealing with the environmental and social effects of the fishing industry around Lake Victoria in Tanzania. It premiered at the 2004 Venice Film Festival and was nominated for the 2006 Academy Award for Documentary Feature at the 78th Academy Awards. The Boston Globe called it the year's best documentary about the animal world.
 Somebody Up There Likes Me is a 1956 American drama film based on the life of middleweight boxing legend Rocky Graziano. Joseph Ruttenberg was awarded a 1956 Oscar in the category of Best Cinematography (Black and White). The film also won the Oscar for Best Art Direction (Cedric Gibbons Malcolm F. Brown Edwin B. Willis F. Keogh Gleason). It was directed by Robert Wise.
 Crimen Ferpecto (Ferpect Crime) is a 2004 Spanish black comedy film co-written produced and directed by Álex de la Iglesia.
 What Dreams May Come is a 1998 American drama film starring Robin Williams Cuba Gooding Jr. Annabella Sciorra and Max von Sydow. The film is based on the 1978 novel of the same name by Richard Matheson and was directed by Vincent Ward. It won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects and the Art Directors Guild Award for Excellence in Production Design.
 The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan is a 2010 documentary film by Afghan journalist Najibullah Quraishi about the practice of Bacha bazi in Afghanistan. The 52-minutes documentary premiered in the UK at the Royal Society of Arts on March 29 2010. It aired on PBS Frontline in the United States on April 20 2010.
 Aradhana (Telugu: ఆరాధన)(English Meaning : ADMIRATION) is a 1962 Telugu movie directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Savitri under the banner of Jagapati Art productions. It is a love story involving four characters based on Bengali film Sagarika. Savitri played the main character Anuradha in the movie. Her character is a mixture of love sacrifice responsibility and service.
 Easan (Tamil: ஈசன்) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written directed and produced by M. Sasikumar directing his second film after the blockbuster Subramaniapuram. It stars Samudrakani Vaibhav producer A. L. Alagappan and Abhinaya in lead roles alongside several newcomers. The film was known and referred to as Nagaram and Aaga Chiranthavan before the official title was confirmed. It released on 17 December 2010.
 The Island on Bird Street (Danish: Øen i Fuglegaden) is a 1997 Danish produced drama film directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen. It is based on the novel of the same name.
 Alice in Wonderland is a 1951 British-American animated fantasy comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and based primarily on Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with a few additional elements from Through the Looking-Glass. The 13th in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series the film was released in New York City and London on July 26 1951.
 Aroused is a 2013 feature length documentary film directed by the photographer Deborah Anderson in her directorial debut. The film profiles the life of 16 notable adult film actresses. The film was generally badly received by critics; it was referred by the Village Voice as a tack better suited to Anderson's famed photo collections than a narrative medium in which the interviews are cut into such narrow snippets it's impossible to piece together anyone here into a coherent personality.
 Nachtvlinder is a 1999 Dutch family film directed by Herman van Veen.
 Quartermaine's Terms is a play by Simon Gray which won The Cheltenham Prize in 1982.
 Pancho Tequila is a 1970 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 A Florida Enchantment (1914) is a silent film directed by and starring Sidney Drew and released by Vitagraph Studios. The film is based on the 1891 novel and 1896 play (now lost) of the same name written by Fergus Redmond and Archibald Clavering Gunter.
 Take Me Home Tonight is a 2011 American retro comedy film directed by Michael Dowse and starring an ensemble cast including Topher Grace and Anna Faris. The screenplay was written by Jackie and Jeff Filgo formerly writers of the television sitcom That '70s Show which Grace was a cast member of. The title comes from the 1986 Eddie Money song of the same name also played in the theatrical trailer. Shooting began on the week starting February 19 2007 in Phoenix Arizona.
 I Met Him in Paris is a 1937 film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Claudette Colbert Melvyn Douglas and Robert Young.
 A Night of Thrills is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Chicken of Tomorrow is a 1948 documentary short film about advances in chicken and egg farming. This mini-documentary was narrated by Lowell Thomas and is in the public domain.The film was mocked in a seventh-season episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 Gallants (Da lui toi 打擂台) is a 2010 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Derek Kwok and Clement Cheng and stars Leung Siu-lung Chen Kuan-tai and Teddy Robin. The film is set in modern times but is in the style of Hong Kong action comedy films from the 1960s and 1970s. The film premiered at the Hong Kong Film Festival on March 26 2010. The film has received favorable reviews on its festival shows in North America.
 The Last Lieutenant is a Norwegian movie from 1993 directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Espen Skjønberg. It was released in the USA with English subtitles.
 Mehbooba is a Bollywood Romance film written produced and directed by Afzal Khan. The story of the movie is based on a love-triangle lead protagonists being Ajay Devgn Sanjay Dutt and Manisha Koirala. Music of the film was composed by Ismail Darbar. The film was released in India on July 11 2008. The film was shot in 2000 but got delayed and released in 2008 8 years after it was shot.
 Shaolin Mantis (螳螂) (Orig. Tang lang) is a 1978 Shaw Brothers film directed by Lau Kar-leung starring David Chiang and Liu Chia Hui.
 Forces occultes (Occult Forces - subtitled The mysteries of Freemasonry unveiled for the first time on the screen) is a French film of 1943 notable as the last film to be directed by Paul Riche (the pseudonym of Jean Mamy).
 The Convict from Istanbul (German:Der Sträfling aus Stanbul) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Heinrich George Betty Amann and Paul Hörbiger.The film's art direction is by Heinz Fenchel and Jacek Rotmil.
 Detroit Rock City is a 1999 American comedy film about four teenagers in a Kiss cover band who try to see their idols in Detroit in 1978. Comparable to Rock 'n' Roll High School Dazed and Confused The Stöned Age and I Wanna Hold Your Hand Detroit Rock City tells a coming of age story through a filter of 1970s music and culture in the United States. The movie ultimately took its title from the Kiss song of the same name.
 Purgatory is a 1999 western fantasy film directed by Uli Edel.
 Reel Zombies is a 2008 Canadian zombie film the movie is the third movie from David J. Francis.
 The Land Before Time IX: Journey to Big Water is a 2002 direct-to-video animated adventure musical film and the ninth film in The Land Before Time series. It was produced and directed by Charles Grosvenor. This is also the last film to use the soundtrack composed by James Horner.
 My Black Mini Dress (Hangul: 마이 블랙 미니드레스; RR: Mai Beulraek Minideureseu; also known as Little Black Dress) is a 2011 South Korean film starring Yoon Eun-hye Park Han-byul Cha Ye-ryun and Yoo In-na. Based on the 2009 chick lit novel of the same title by Kim Min-seo the film revolves around the dreams failures and friendship of four 24-year-old women still looking for a direction in life.
 Dies rigorose Leben is a 1983 West German drama film directed by Vadim Glowna. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Lucky Pierre (French: La moutarde me monte au nez) is a 1974 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi.
 Dead Man's Folly is a 1986 British-American television film featuring Agatha Christie's Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. It is based on Christie's novel Dead Man's Folly. The film was directed by Clive Donner and starred Peter Ustinov as Poirot.The cast included Jean Stapleton Jonathan Cecil Constance Cummings and Nicollette Sheridan. It was shot largely on location at West Wycombe Park in Buckinghamshire England.
 The Cruel Sea is a 1953 British film from Ealing Studios starring Jack Hawkins and Donald Sinden with Denholm Elliott Stanley Baker Liam Redmond Virginia McKenna and Moira Lister. It was directed by Charles Frend and produced by Leslie Norman.It was based on the best selling novel The Cruel Sea by Nicholas Monsarrat.
 The Last Casino is a 2004 Canadian television film on the subject of card counting. This movie draws heavily from the ideas espoused in the book Bringing Down the House.
 The Dancing Town (1928) is a two-reeler sound short and was Humphrey Bogart's first film appearance. The film also featured Helen Hayes and Hal Skelly.
 For Better or Worse is a 1995 American feature film. Written by Jeff Nathanson it starred Jason Alexander Lolita Davidovich and James Woods. Alexander also directed the film which saw a limited theatrical release. After the film's brief theatrical run the film aired on TNT in 1996.
 Between Love and Hate is a 1993 American television movie directed by Ron Hardy.
 The Old Guard (Italian:Vecchia guardia) is a 1934 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Gianfranco Giachetti Mino Doro and Franco Brambilla. It was one several pro-Fascist films made by Blasetti during the era. The film is set in a small Italian town in 1922 where a local group of Fascist blackshirts battle against rival socialists who have called a strike at the hospital. Mario the young son of Doctor Cardini is killed in the fighting.
 Gone with the West is a 1975 American film starring James Caan and Stefanie Powers directed by Bernard Girard.The film is also known as Little Moon & Jud McGraw in Australia and Little Moon and Jud McGraw (American reissue title). It was filmed in 1969 under the title Man Without Mercy but did not find a cinema release.
 I'm Not There is a 2007 biographical musical film directed by Todd Haynes inspired by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. Six actors depict different facets of Dylan's life and public persona: Christian Bale Cate Blanchett Marcus Carl Franklin Richard Gere Heath Ledger and Ben Whishaw. At the start of the film a caption reads: Inspired by the music and the many lives of Bob Dylan.
 Savera is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Delta Heat is a 1992 film directed by Michael Fischa and written by Sam A. Scribner. The buddy police film was shot in New Orleans Louisiana.The screenplay was originally written by Bruce Akiyama to be a television pilot commissioned by Sawmill Entertainment but after producer Richard L. Albert made The Forbidden Dance he decided to hire writer Sam Scribner to expand the script to feature film length.
 Prison on Fire (Chinese: 監獄風雲; pinyin: Jiān yù fēng yún; Cantonese Yale: Gaam yuk fung wan) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Chow Yun-fat Roy Cheung and Tony Leung Ka-Fai. The film was followed by a sequel in the 1991's Prison on Fire II.
 Nothing Else Matters is a 1920 British film written by Hugh E. Wright and directed by George Pearson. This was the screen debut of Mabel Poulton and Betty Balfour who went on to become leading British stars of the 1920s.
 Hell Morgan's Girl is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 Keane of Kalgoorlie is a 1911 Australian silent film set in the racing and gambling circles of Sydney based on a popular play by Edward William O'Sullivan adapted from the novel by Arthur Wright. It was made by the husband and wife team of John and Agnes Gavin and is considered a lost film.
 Sparrow (Italian: Storia di una capinera) is a 1993 Italian drama film directed by Franco Zeffirelli. It is an adaptation of Giovanni Verga's novel Storia di una capinera and was filmed in Sicily in 1993. It stars Angela Bettis and premiered at the Tokyo International Film Festival in October 1993.
 Fever Pitch is a 1997 film starring Colin Firth based loosely on the book of the same name by Nick Hornby.
 Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel and starring Tom Hanks Daryl Hannah John Candy Eugene Levy and Dody Goodman. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The original music score was composed by Lee Holdridge. It was the first film released by Touchstone Films.
 Fist of Fury II (Chinese: 精武門續集 aka Chinese Connection 2 and Fist of Fury Part II) is a 1977 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Iksan Lahardi and Tso-nam Lee and starring Bruce Li and Lo Lieh. It is the sequel to the Bruce Lee’s 1972's Fist of Fury.The lead role of Chen Shan played by Bruce Li who goes to Shanghai to mourn his brother's death who was killed at the hands of the Japanese.
 Midsummer's Equation (真夏の方程式 Manatsu no Hōteishiki) is a 2013 Japanese police procedural film directed by Hiroshi Nishitani.
 Zevar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Fly My Kite is a 1931 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 107th Our Gang short that was released.
 Shooter is a Canadian short film.
 The Story of a Mother (Danish: Historien om en moder) is a 1979 Danish drama film directed by Claus Weeke and starring Anna Karina. It is an adaptation of the Hans Christian Andersen short story of the same name.
 The Desert Hawk (1944) is a Columbia film serial. It was the 23rd serial produced by Columbia.
 Wild by Law: The Rise of Environmentalism and the Creation of the Wilderness Act is a 1991 documentary film produced by Lawrence Hott and Diane Garey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.The film is about the work of Aldo Leopold Bob Marshall founder of The Wilderness Society and Howard Zahniser.The film gives the philosophical and political underpinnings of the Wilderness Act of 1964. It was narrated by Linda Hunt.
 Elephant is a 1989 British drama film directed by Alan Clarke and produced by Danny Boyle. The film is set in Northern Ireland during the Troubles. The film's title comes from Bernard MacLaverty's description[citation needed] of the Troubles as the elephant in our living room — a reference to the collective denial of the underlying social problems of Northern Ireland. Produced by BBC Northern Ireland it first screened on BBC2 in 1989.
 Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Sam Weisman and starring David Spade (who also co-wrote the film) and Mary McCormack. Spade portrays a child actor who fell into obscurity as an adult and who attempts to revive his career. The film was a financial success but critical reviews were mostly negative.
 Sher Khan is a Pakistani Punjabi film starring Sultan Rahi Anjuman and Mustafa Qureshi. It is the highest grossing film in the history of Pakistani cinema.
 Mr. Wong Detective is a 1938 American crime film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff in his first appearance as Mr. Wong.
 Le confort et l'indifférence is a 1981 documentary film by Denys Arcand offering an analysis of the 1980 Quebec referendum in which sovereignty-association was defeated as a first step to eventual secession from Canada. The film takes the position that the referendum result was a failure of courage and that the Québécois were numbed by prosperity and the explicitly Machiavellian manipulations of federalist leaders.
 Tareeq al-Amal About this sound listen (Arabic: طريق الأمل‎ English: The Road of Hope) is a 1957 Egyptian romance/drama film directed by the Egyptian film director Ezzel Dine Zulficar. It starred Rushdy Abaza Shukry Sarhan and Faten Hamama.
 The Brotherhood V: Alumni is the fifth of the Brotherhood series of homoerotic horror films that started with The Brotherhood directed by David DeCoteau and was released in 2009.
 War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave is a 2008 direct-to-DVD science fiction film starring and directed by C. Thomas Howell. The film was produced and distributed independently by low-budget film studio The Asylum.War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave is an indirect sequel to the 2005 science fiction horror film H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds (titled internationally as Invasion) which is a modernized adaptation of H. G.
 Monsieur Klein (Mr. Klein) is a 1976 French film directed by Joseph Losey with Alain Delon starring in the title role.
 The Garden Was Full of Moon (Russian: Lunoy byl polon sad) is a 2000 Russian romance film directed by Vitali Melnikov. It was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George.
 Rush Hour is a 1998 American action comedy film and the first installment in the Rush Hour series. Directed by Brett Ratner and starring Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker. It was followed by two sequels Rush Hour 2 (2001) and Rush Hour 3 (2007) with a 4th film in the works. Ranked at number 26 on Thatfilmguy.com's list of top 30 classic action films of all time. Ranked 48 on Totalfilm.com's 50 greatest kung fu movies of all time.
 Tres citas con el destino (Three Dates With Destiny) is a 1954 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Dr. Dolittle is a 1998 American family comedy film starring Sandra Bullock as a doctor who discovers that he has the ability to talk to (and understand) animals. The film was inspired by the series of children's stories of the same name but used no material from any of the novels; the main connection is the name and a doctor who can speak to animals although the pushmi-pullyu a much-loved feature of the books notably makes a very brief appearance in a couple of scenes.
 Eternity is a 1990 American drama film directed by Steven Paul and written by Jon Voight with Paul and his mother Dorothy Koster Paul. The theme of the movie is reincarnation.
 People Not as Bad as They Seem (Finnish: Aika hyvä ihmiseksi) is a 1977 Finnish historical film directed by Rauni Mollberg based on the novels by Aapeli.The film premiered on 7 October 1977 in Finland and Sweden on 17 March 1978. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1978 Cannes Film Festival. The film was re-released again in 2003 and premiered in the Czech Republic on 27 January 2003.
 Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten is a 1962 Danish animated film directed by Poul Ilsøe and starring Dirch Passer. It is based on the tales by Hans Christian Andersen.
 Baby: Secret of the Lost Legend is a 1985 American adventure fantasy film directed by Bill L. Norton and starring William Katt Sean Young Patrick McGoohan and Julian Fellowes. The story is based on rumors about dinosaur-like creatures (called Mokele-mbembe) purported to exist in Africa.
 Tumbokis a 2011 Filipino Horror Film starring Cristine Reyes and Carlo Aquino produced by Viva Films.
 Balika Badhu (Hindi: बालिका बधू; translation: The Young Wife) is a 1976 Hindi film produced by Shakti Samanta and directed by Tarun Majumdar. The film is based on the Bengali novel by the same name by Bimal Kar about a young girl who is married before she is old enough to understand what marriage is all about against the backdrop of Indian freedom struggle. Gradually she and her school-going husband grow as a couple and begin to love one another.
 Poramboku is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Krishna Reddy. Navdeep plays the lead roles while Ekta Khosla plays the female lead. The film was released on 26 January 2007.
 WiseGirls is a 2002 film starring Mira Sorvino Mariah Carey and Melora Walters as waitresses working at a restaurant run by mobsters. It was directed by David Anspaugh and premiered at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival. The film was released straight to video and did not receive a theatrical release.
 Shakma (also known as Panic in the Tower and Nemesis) is a 1990 American horror movie directed by Tom Logan and starring Christopher Atkins Amanda Wyss Ari Meyers and Roddy McDowall. The film is about a baboon effected by an experimental drug escaping and killing medical students (who are playing a fantasy role-playing game) in a large state building.
 Bye June (Hangul: 바이 준; RR: Bai Jun) is a 1998 South Korean film by Choi Ho. Four youngsters struggle with sex and drugs after their friend June's death.This film marked the acting debuts of Kim Ha-neul and Yoo Ji-tae.
 The Pied Piper is a 1972 British film directed by Jacques Demy and starring Jack Wild Donald Pleasence and John Hurt and featuring Donovan and Diana Dors. It is loosely based on the legend of the Pied Piper.
 Fast Charlie... the Moonbeam Rider is a 1979 comedy film starring David Carradine and Brenda Vaccaro and directed by Steve Carver.
 La cambiale is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque.
 Tito (Arabic: تيتو‎) is an Egyptian action movie produced in 2004 starring Ahmed El Sakka Hanan Tork Amr Waked Ashraf Dwedar and Khaled Saleh. It was directed by Tarek Al Eryan. The movie is about a criminal who as a young boy didn't find anyone or anything to help or guide turning into a vicious yet kind hearted criminal.
 Love is a 2008 Indonesian romance film directed by Kabir Bhatia as a remake of the 2006 film Cinta. The film marked the last appearance of actor Sophan Sophiaan before his death in 2008. Sophiaan appeared opposite his real-life wife Widyawati.
 After... is a 2006 supernatural thriller film about the exploits of a group of urban explorers. It was written by Kevin Miller and David L. Cunningham who also directed the film. It stars Daniel Caltagirone Flora Montgomery and Nicholas Aaron.
 Love Breakups Zindagi (Eng: Love Breakups Life) is an Hindi romantic film directed by Sahil Sangha and produced by Zayed Khan under the banner of Sahara Motion Pictures and Born Free Entertainment. It stars Zayed Khan and Dia Mirza in the lead roles. The music is composed by the duo Salim-Sulaiman and the lyrics are penned by Javed Akhtar. The movie released on 7 October 2011.
 Water on the Table is a Canadian documentary film directed produced and written by filmmaker Liz Marshall. The film explores Canada’s relationship to its freshwater resources and features Canadian activist Maude Barlow in her pursuit to protect water from privatization. Counterbalancing Barlow’s views are those of policy and economic experts who assert that water is a resource and a commodity like any other.
 Wombling Free was a 1977 film adaption of the children's television series The Wombles.
 We Won't Grow Old Together (French: Nous ne vieillirons pas ensemble) is a 1972 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival where Jean Yanne won the award for Best Actor.
 The Golf Specialist is a 1930 comedy short subject from RKO Pictures starring W. C. Fields. It was his first talkie. The film was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there in the early part of the 20th century.The film features lines such as I would never hit a woman not even my own mother and Stand clear and keep your eye on the ball (a line Fields also used in the golf scene in The Dentist (1932)).
 Rail is a short 13.5 minute documentary film made by Geoffrey Jones for British Transport Films between 1963 and 1967 prompted by the success of Snow.
 I Never Sang for My Father is a 1970 American film based on a play by the same name which tells the story of a widowed college professor who wants to get out from under the thumb of his aging father yet still has regrets about his plan to leave him behind when he re-marries and moves to California.
 Mighty Like a Moose (1926) is a Charley Chase short silent film that was directed by Leo McCarey. It was released on July 18 1926.In this short silent comedy a homely husband and his equally unsightly wife improve their looks with plastic surgery without telling each other. The two later meet and not recognizing each other begin to flirt both thinking they are cheating on their spouse.
 Mr. Boggs Steps Out is a 1938 American romantic comedy film directed by Gordon Wiles.
 Ways to Live Forever is a 2010 drama film by director Gustavo Ron based on the award winning novel of the same name written by Sally Nicholls. The film stars Robbie Kay Alex Etel Ben Chaplin Emilia Fox and Greta Scacchi. The film is produced by Life&Soul Productions El Capitan Pictures and Formato Producciones. It will be distributed via Karma in Spain World Wide Motion Pictures Corporation for North America and InTandem for the rest of the world.
 Cool Jazz and Coconuts (Icelandic: Kókóstré og Hvítir Mávar) is a 1985 Icelandic drama film directed by Jakob Frímann Magnússon. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Jai Santoshi Maa (Devnagari: जय संतोषी माँ) is a 1975 low-budget Hindi film that became one of the top blockbusters of all time. Santoshī Mā (also called Santoshi Mata or Santoshi Maa) is a goddess of satisfaction. Usha Mangeshkar sister of Lata Mangeshkar sang the devotional songs for the film along with Mahendra Kapoor and the famous poet Pradeep (who wrote the lyrics of the songs).
 THX 1138 is a 1971 science fiction film directed by George Lucas in his feature directorial debut. The film was written by Lucas and Walter Murch.
 The Girl is a 1987 British-Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Franco Nero Bernice Stegers and Christopher Lee.
 The Enforcer is a 1976 American police action film and the third in the Dirty Harry film series. Directed by James Fargo it stars Clint Eastwood as Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan Tyne Daly as Inspector Kate Moore and DeVeren Bookwalter as terrorist leader/main antagonist Bobby Maxwell.
 Symphony in Black: A Rhapsody of Negro Life is a nine-and-a-half minute musical short produced in 1935 that features Duke Ellington’s early extended piece A Rhapsody of Negro Life. The film Billie Holiday’s screen debut was directed by Fred Waller and distributed by Paramount Pictures.Symphony in Black represents a landmark in musical cultural and entertainment history as well as significant progress in Ellington’s own biography.
 21 & Over is a 2013 American comedy film. It was written by and served as the directorial debut of Jon Lucas and Scott Moore. The film stars Skylar Astin Justin Chon and Miles Teller.
 Street Mobster (現代やくざ　人斬り与太 Gendai Yakuza: Hitokiri Yota) is a 1972 yakuza film directed by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Bunta Sugawara and Noboru Ando.The plot centres around a Yakuza troublemaker released from prison only to discover that the crime underworld in which he used to operate and the socio-political landscape of Japan has changed dramatically.
 Lady Snowblood (original Japanese title 修羅雪姫 Shurayukihime) is a 1973 Japanese film directed by Toshiya Fujita and starring Meiko Kaji. It is based on a manga called Shurayukihime. It is the story of Yuki a woman who seeks vengeance upon three people who raped her mother and killed her mother's husband and son.
 Shararat (Urdu: شرارت‎) is a Pakistani Urdu film which was released in early 2003 across theaters in Pakistan. The movie was Samina Peerzada's sophomore directorial venture but unlike her hit debut Inteha it was met with a rather mixed reaction at the theaters.[citation needed] The film is a romantic comedy which deals with the story of a Pakistani-American who returns to her native village in Punjab in Pakistan and the subsequent twist and turns in her love life.
 A Life Less Ordinary is a 1997 British-American black comedy film directed by Danny Boyle written by John Hodge. It stars Ewan McGregor Cameron Diaz Holly Hunter Delroy Lindo and Ian Holm.
 Terminal Exposure is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Nico Mastorakis. It involves two amateur beach photographers who accidentally capture a murder on film.
 Agam Puram is an Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Thirumalai in his second venture after Thee Nagar. The long-delayed film started production in early 2008 and film features Shaam and Meenakshi in the lead roles. It released to negative reviews on 10 December 2010.
 71 Fragments of a Chronology of Chance (German: 71 Fragmente einer Chronologie des Zufalls) is a 1994 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Haneke. It has a fragmented storyline as the title suggests and chronicles several unrelated stories in parallel. Separate narrative lines intersect in an incident at the last of the film: a mass killing at an Austrian bank. The film is set in Vienna October to December 1993.
 Balala Little Fairy (Chinese: 巴啦啦小魔仙; pinyin: Ba lā lā xiǎo mó xian) is a 2013 Chinese adventure film produced by Guangdong Alpha Animation and Culture Co.Ltd. It is a live-action film adaptation of an animated magical girl series of the same name created by Guangzhou Toy company Auldey.
 I Woke Up Early The Day I Died is 1998 American camp comedy film written by Edward D. Wood Jr.. The film directed by Aris Iliopulos stars Billy Zane Tippi Hedren Ron Perlman and Christina Ricci among many others. The film has no dialogue only atmospheric sounds alternating bursts of laughter and screams.
 Deveeri is a 1999 Kannada language film based on the novel Akka by noted Kannada writer P. Lankesh. The novel was adapted for the movie by his daughter Kavita Lankesh.The film won the 1999–2000 Karnataka State Award for best film.
 Anatomy 2 (German: Anatomie 2) is a 2003 German thriller film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky that stars Franka Potente. It's the sequel to the 2000 film Anatomy. The story moves to Berlin for this film.
 The White Lilac is a 1935 British mystery film directed by Albert Parker and starring Basil Sydney Judy Gunn Claude Dampier and Percy Marmont.
 The Hidden II is the 1993 direct-to-video sequel to the 1987 film The Hidden.
 Invasion of the Body Snatchers is a 1978 science fiction thriller directed by Philip Kaufman and starring Donald Sutherland Brooke Adams Veronica Cartwright and Leonard Nimoy. Released December 20 1978 it is a remake of the 1956 film of the same name which was based on the novel The Body Snatchers by Jack Finney. The plot involves a San Francisco health inspector and his colleague who discover that human beings are being replaced by aliens.
 The Dhamma Brothers is a documentary film released in 2007 about a prison meditation program at Donaldson Correctional Facility near Bessemer Alabama. The film features four inmates all convicted of murder and includes interviews with guards prison officials local residents and other inmates and reenactments of their crimes.
 Lone Star is a 1952 Western film starring Clark Gable Ava Gardner Broderick Crawford Ed Begley and Lionel Barrymore (in his final role) as President Andrew Jackson. The film also marks the first (uncredited) screen appearance by then-thirteen-year-old George Hamilton playing beside Barrymore in the role of Jackson's servant.The movie is considered both a Western and a romance set in Texas shortly before statehood.
 Anokha Pyar is a 1948 Indian Bollywood film starring Dilip Kumar and Nargis.
 Genghis Khan (成吉思汗) is a 1998 Chinese film directed by Fu Sai and Mai Lisi produced by Inner Mongolia Film Studio.
 George White's Scandals is a 1945 American film starring Joan Davis and Jack Haley. The film included music by Edwin Finckel.
 Bringing Up Father is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Jack Conway and starring Marie Dressler Polly Moran and J. Farrell MacDonald. The film was based on the newspaper cartoons Bringing Up Father by George McManus. It was remade in 1946 as a sound film proving popular enough for a spin off of four Jiggs and Maggie films to be made.
 House of Bamboo is a 1955 American color film noir shot in CinemaScope format. The film was directed by Samuel Fuller.The film is a loose remake of The Street with No Name (1948) by the same screenwriter (Harry Kleiner) and cinematographer (Joseph MacDonald) as in the original.
 You Can Never Tell is 1951 American black and white comedy film directed by Lou Breslow.
 Kaude Shah (Punjabi: ਕੌਡੇ ਸ਼ਾਹ) also spelled as Koday Shah or Kode Shah is a 1953 Punjabi blockbuster directed by S.P. Bakshi (Shanti Prakash Bakshi) starring Daljit Shyama Miss Manju Thakur Ramesh Nagpal Chand Burqe Rajni Jaswant Khraiti Bhainga and Mohan. Sardul Kwatra composed the music with playback singers Mohammad Rafi Shamshad Begum Talat Mahmood and Rajkumari. The songs of the movie became very popular.
 The Quiet Room is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Rolf de Heer. It was entered into the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 Suddenly (Swedish: Underbara älskade) is a Swedish film from 2006 directed by Johan Brisinger. The film was shot on the island Härmanö in Orust Municipality.
 Fast and Loose is a 1930 romantic comedy film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Miriam Hopkins Carole Lombard and Frank Morgan. The film was written by Doris Anderson Jack Kirkland and Preston Sturges based on the 1924 play The Best People by David Gray and Avery Hopwood.
 Everything's Gone Green is a 2006 Canadian comedy film directed by Paul Fox and written by Douglas Coupland. It was produced by Radke Films and True West Films. The distributor is ThinkFilm in Canada and Shoreline Entertainment elsewhere and won the award for best Canadian feature film at the 2006 Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Meet Me After the Show is a 1951 musical film starring Betty Grable and released through 20th Century Fox. The film was one of Grable's last musical films for Fox during her box office reign of the past decade.
 Manny & Lo is a 1996 comedy-drama film directed by Lisa Krueger starring Scarlett Johansson Aleksa Palladino and Mary Kay Place.
 Saadi Love Story is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill Diljit Dosanjh Surveen Chawla and Neetu Singh. Jimmy Shergill is the co-producer and Dheeraj Rattan is the director as well as the screenplay writer. This is Dheeraj Rattan's debut movie as a director.Music for the film is given by Jaidev Kumar. Earlier Dheeraj Kumar had been involved in screenplay and dialogues for many Punjabi movies the first being Jiney Mera Dil Luteya.
 A Scene at the Sea (あの夏、いちばん静かな海 Ano natsu ichiban shizukana umi That summer the calmest ocean) is a 1991 Japanese film written and directed by Takeshi Kitano.
 Karumadikkuttan is a 2001 Malayalam-language drama film directed by Vinayan and starring Kalabhavan Mani and Nandini in the lead. The film also has Bharathi Janardhanan Saikumar Suresh Krishna Ganesh Rajan P. Dev Athira Shivaji Augustine Ponnamma Babu Priyanka and Meena Ganesh in the cast.Written by J. Pallasserry the film features a successful soundtrack by Mohan Sithara cinematography by Azhagappan and editing by G. Murali. It is produced and distributed by Samson J.
 King Kelly is a 2012 independent film that follows a young woman (the eponymous Kelly played by Louisa Krause) who is obsessed with gaining celebrity through her webcam stripteases and her best friend Jordan (Libby Woodbridge) as they try to reclaim her car after it is stolen by her ex-boyfriend on the 4th of July.
 A Soldier's Prayer (人間の條件 完結篇) is a 1961 Japanese film directed by Masaki Kobayashi. It is the third part of The Human Condition trilogy.
 The Luck of Ginger Coffey is a 1964 film directed by Irvin Kershner. It was filmed in Montreal by Crawley Films. It is based on the Governor General's Award winning novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore.Co-stars Robert Shaw and Mary Ure were real-life husband and wife.
 Randam Bhavam (Malayalam: രണ്ടാം ഭാവം English: The Second Persona) is a 2001 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose written by Ranjan Pramod. It stars Suresh Gopi in dual role along with Biju Menon Thilakan Poornima Mohan Lena Narendra Prasad Lal (actor) and Srividya. The movie was an average grosser at the box office.
 In the World Tonight is a 1997 documentary about the making of Paul McCartney's Flaming Pie album.
 Ossessione (English: Obsession) is a 1943 film based on the novel The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain. Luchino Visconti’s first feature film it is considered by many to be the first Italian neorealist film though there is some debate about whether such a categorization is accurate.
 Scotland Yard vs. Dr Mabuse (German: Scotland Yard jagt Dr. Mabuse and also known as Scotland Yard Hunts Dr. Mabuse) is a 1963 German crime film directed by Paul May and starring Peter van Eyck.
 House on Fire (火宅の人 Kataku no hito) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony. The film grossed ¥1.010 billion in Japan.
 Bingo is a 1998 computer-animated short film directed by Chris Landreth. The short is based on the stage play Disregard This Play by the theater troupe The Neo Futurists. It uses surrealistic imagery and dialogue to tell the story of an ordinary man who is surrounded by characters who insist that he is someone named Bingo the Clown even though he is not.
 Norm of the North is an upcoming 2015 American 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film produced by Lionsgate and Crest Animation Productions the film is directed by Anthony Bell (director of Alpha and Omega) and the script is written by Daniel Altiere & Steven Altiere based on a story by Bell. The film stars Rob Schneider Zachary Gordon Ken Jeong and Loretta Devine. The film is set for a January 16 2015 release.
 Pagale Vennela is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by C.V.Reddi. Siva Balaji plays the lead role. The film released on 26 January 2007.
 Who Never Lived (Polish: Kto nigdy nie żył...) is a 2006 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Seweryn. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Yasukuni (靖国) is the title of a 2007 film made by Japan-resident Chinese director Li Ying (simplified Chinese: 李缨; traditional Chinese: 李纓; pinyin: Lĭ Yīng). It took ten years to complete and had been screened at the Pusan International Film Festival 2007 World Cinema Competition Sundance Film Festival 2008 and Berlin Film Festival 2008.
 Parthen Rasithen (English: Saw Admired) is a 2000 Indian Tamil movie starring Simran  Prashanth and Laila in the lead roles and directed by Saran. The film music was composed by Bharadwaj. Much of the plot and plot elements have been lifted from the 1971 American thriller Play Misty for Me directed by Clint Eastwood. The film was remade in Telugu as Naa Manasistha Raa with Meka Srikanth Soundarya and Richa Pallod.
 The Killer Eye 2: Halloween Haunt is a 2011 comedy horror film by Full Moon Features and is a sequel to the 1999 The Killer Eye.The film is unrated but contains strong language sexuality sexual content nudity violence and some gore.
 Life of Villa is a 1912 silent war documentary set during the Mexican Revolution. Though some scenes are re-enacted after it happened the movie is a real documentary on the struggle of Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa to overthrow dictator Porfirio Díaz.
 Fall from Grace is a made-for-TV movie about the lives of Jim Bakker and his then-wife Tammy Faye Bakker during the 1980s and starred Kevin Spacey and Bernadette Peters as the respective lead roles. The movie aired on NBC on April 29 1990 as well as occasional reruns in later years on the Lifetime Movie Network. The movie depicts the events that led to the PTL scandal and the Bakkers' subsequent downfall.
 Ocana an Intermittent Portrait (Catalan: Ocaña retrat intermitent) is a 1978 Spanish documentary film directed by Ventura Pons. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Street of Chance is a 1930 film directed by John Cromwell and starring William Powell Jean Arthur Kay Francis and Regis Toomey.
 Vampir-Cuadecuc is a 1970 experimental feature film by Catalan filmmaker Pere Portabella.The entire film is photographed on high contrast black & white film stock which gives it the appearance of a degraded film print evoking early Expressionist horror films such as F. W. Murnau's Nosferatu or Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. It was shot on the set of Jesus Franco's Count Dracula starring Christopher Lee and Herbert Lom.
 The Passion Fruit (Dutch: De Passievrucht) is a 2003 Dutch drama film.It received a Golden Film award for 100000 visitors and a Golden Calf award for Best Sound.
 Manasariyathe is a 1984 Malayalam film written by Velliman Vijayan and directed by Soman Ambatt starring Mohanlal Zarina Wahab Nedumudi Venu.Film's Songs are composed by Raghu Kumar.
 The Coolangatta Gold is a 1984 Australian film which led to the establishment of the iron man race The Coolangatta Gold.
 Jungle Man is a 1941 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser and starring Buster Crabbe in his first of many films for Producers Releasing Corporation. He is reunited with Charles B. Middleton from the Flash Gordon serials. Cinematographer and associate proudcer Mervyn Freeman (1890–1965) was an experienced newsreel cameraman.
 Romance on the Range is a 1942 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers George Gabby Hayes Sally Payne Linda Hayes and Sons of the Pioneers.
 Kings is a 2007 Irish film written & directed by Tom Collins and based on Jimmy Murphy's play The Kings of the Kilburn High Road. The film is bilingual having both Irish and English dialogues. It premiered at the Taormina Film Festival (Italy) in June 2007 and was selected as Ireland's official entry for the 2008 Academy Awards in the best foreign-language film category.
 Irish Tour '74 is a film directed by Tony Palmer. It documents Rory Gallagher's tour of Northern Ireland in 1974. Gallagher toured at a time of great political turmoil and violence. Gallagher's band at the time was Gerry McAvoy on bass guitar Lou Martin on keyboards and Rod de'Ath on drums.
 Transported is an Australian convict melodrama film directed by W.J. Lincoln. It is considered a lost film.
 Forgetting to Know You (Chinese: 陌生) is a 2013 Chinese drama film directed by Quan Ling.
 Living on Velvet is a 1935 American film directed by Frank Borzage starring Kay Francis Warren William and George Brent.
 Sing a Song of Six Pants is the 102nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 This article is about the Steven Seagal film. For the Roland Emmerich film about the American Revolutionary War starring Mel Gibson see The Patriot (2000 film)The Patriot is a 1998 action film loosely based on the novel The Last Canadian by William C. Heine. The film is starred by Steven Seagal and directed by Dean Semler. The plot involves an American patriot who has to foil the plot of a militia to release a deadly virus. The film is rated R by the MPAA.
 52 Tuesdays is a 2013 Australian drama film directed by Sophie Hyde. It focuses on the story of how a teenage girl deals with her mother transitioning gender to become a trans man.
 Loving Couples (Swedish: Älskande par) is a 1964 Swedish drama film directed by Mai Zetterling. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 Wehe wenn er losgelassen (lit. Woe if He is Let Loose) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Martin Frič and Karel Lamač.
 Coming Out is a 1989 feature film made by the East German film monopoly DEFA. Directed by Heiner Carow and starring Matthias Freihof Dagmar Manzel and Dirk Kummer the film deals with the process of the protagonist's coming out and admitting to himself and others that he is a gay man. The film was shot entirely on location in East Berlin and includes scenes shot with amateurs in some of the city's gay bars and clubs.
 Take the Money and Run is a 1969 American comedic mockumentary directed by Woody Allen and starring Allen and Janet Margolin (with Louise Lasser in a cameo role). Written by Allen and Mickey Rose the film chronicles the life of Virgil Starkwell (Woody Allen) an inept bank robber.
 Mysore Mallige (Kannada: ಮೈಸೂರ ಮಲ್ಲಿಗೆ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada drama film directed and co-written by T. S. Nagabharana and produced by Srihari Khoday. The story is based on acclaimed poet K. S. Narasimha Swamy's 1942 literature work of the same name.
 The Seventh Bandit is a 1926 Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Buffalo Dance is an 1894 American 16-second black-and-white silent film shot in Thomas Edison's Black Maria studio. The film was made at the same time as Edison's Sioux Ghost Dance. It is one of the earliest films made featuring Native Americans. In this film produced by William K. L. Dickson with William Heise as cinematographer three Sioux warriors named Hair Coat Parts His Hair and Last Horse dance in a circle and two other Native Americans sit behind them and accompany them with drums.
 Madirasi is a 2012 Malayalam action comedy film directed by Shaji Kailas and starring Jayaram Meera Nandan Meghana Raj Kailash Kalabhavan Mani and Tini Tom. The film is based on a series of true incidents that took place in Madirasi the Malayalam name for the city of Madras. Madirasi is however described as a part of Coimbatore in the film.
 Cristo in India is a 1965 Italian film directed by Rinaldo Dal Fabbro.
 Suburban Commando is a 1991 American science fiction/comedy film (with some action adventure elements) starring Hulk Hogan Christopher Lloyd and Shelley Duvall. Burt Kennedy directed the film based on a screenplay by Frank Cappello. It was the veteran director's final film.The film was originally titled Urban Commando and was intended for Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 King of the Children (Chinese: 孩子王; pinyin: Háizǐ Wáng) is a 1987 drama film directed by Chen Kaige and starring Chen Shaohua. The film was based on a novella of the same name by Ah Cheng. The film was entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American crime epic produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo starring Al Pacino Robert Duvall Diane Keaton and Robert De Niro.
 Tom Sawyer is a 2000 direct-to-video animated film from MGM Animation and was released in the year 2000. It is an adaptation of Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer with a cast of anthropomorphic animals instead of humans. The characters' voices are generally performed by country music singers.
 Come Spy with Me is a 1967 American spy film produced by Arnold Kaiser directed by Marshall Stone and released by 20th Century Fox.
 The Count is Charlie Chaplin's fifth film for Mutual Film Corporation in 1916. Released on September 4 it co-starred Eric Campbell and Edna Purviance.
 Gunah Aur Kanoon is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar and Prithviraj Kapoor.
 Bed & Breakfast is a 2006 short fantasy drama film written and directed by Martin Beilby and Loïc Moreau starring Ellen Feiss and Brian Quinn. The film is set in Dordogne France and was released on 7 July 2006 in Paris. The narrative focuses on an American couple Nathan and Laura who travel to France in search of a friend of Nathan's who has inherited a castle there.
 Klondike Annie is a 1936 black-and-white comedy film starring Mae West and Victor McLaglen. The film was co-written by West from her play Frisco Kate which she wrote in 1921. The film was directed by Raoul Walsh.Mae West portrays a kept woman by the name of Rose Carlton The Frisco Doll. She accidentally murders her keeper Chan Lo while he is trying to kill her and escapes on a steamer to Nome Alaska. The Frisco Doll is now wanted for murder.
 Jolly Fellows (Russian: Весёлые ребята Vesyolye rebyata) also translated Happy-Go-Lucky Guys and Moscow Laughs is a 1934 Soviet musical film directed by Grigori Aleksandrov and starring his wife Lyubov Orlova a gifted singer and the first recognized star of Soviet cinema.The script was written by Aleksandrov Vladimir Mass and Nikolai Erdman (whose father briefly appears on screen as a German music teacher). It features several songs which instantly became classics across the Soviet Union.
 The Accidental Gangster and the Mistaken Courtesan (Hangul: 1724 기방난동사건; RR: 1724 Gibang-nandong sageon; literally Gibang riot in 1724) is a 2008 South Korean film. Described as a comic action film The Accidental Gangster and the Mistaken Courtesan depicts the gangster culture of Joseon Dynasty Korea and is based on an actual fight that occurred at a kisaeng house in 1724.
 Bride of Frankenstein (advertised as The Bride of Frankenstein) is a 1935 American horror film the first sequel to Frankenstein (1931).
 The Creature Walks Among Us is the third and final installment of the Creature from the Black Lagoon horror film series from Universal Pictures following 1955's Revenge of the Creature. The film was released April 26 1956 in the United States.
 That Eye the Sky is a 1986 novel by award-winning Australian author Tim Winton. It follows a 13 year old boy (Ort) coping with life in a small country town after his father has a serious car-related incident involving the smashing of two large bodies of steel. Ort struggles with understanding the world that surrounds him and he experiences life's challenges which helps him grow with atheism and knowledge.
 Half Marriage is an American melodramatic film directed by William J. Cohen from a script by Jane Murfin based on the short story of the same name by George Kibbe Turner. The film starred Olive Borden and Morgan Farley while the later-famed gossip columnist Hedda Hopper played Borden's mother.
 Deceived Slumming Party is a 1908 American comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. Several scenes of tours being conducted in New York. At the end of each scene it becomes obvious that the events of the tours have been set up to shock and defraud the tourists.
 Parwane is a Bollywood action film released in 1993 starring Avinash Wadhavan Siddharth Shilpa Shirodkar and Paresh Rawal.The story is written by Tanveer Khan and music is composed by Anand-Milind
 Land of Hope (希望の国 Kibō no Kuni) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Sion Sono.
 The Inhabited Island (Russian: Обитаемый остров) is a science fiction film directed by Fyodor Bondarchuk. The film was adapted by Marina and Sergey Dyachenko from the 1969 novel by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky of the same Russian name published in English as Prisoners of Power; a part of Noon Universe series. It is a dystopian story set on post-apocalyptic planet Saraksh ruled by totalitarian regime that brainwashes its citizens.
 Anpadh (Hindi: अन्पढ Urdu: اَنپد translation: illiterate) is a 1962 Hindi film. The film stars Dharmendra Mala Sinha Shashi Kala and Balraj Sahni. The music is by Madan Mohan and the lyrics by Raja Mehdi Ali Khan. The film focuses on the importance of education for girls. This movie also has hit songs like the evergreen song Aap ki nazron nay samjha sung by Lata Mangeshkar
 Terra Nova is a 1998 Australian film.
 The Men I Wanted is a gay pornographic film directed by Lucas Kazan in 2007. Kazan knows how to photograph men like no other writes TLAvideo. And Maleflixxx Tribe:  He uses light and location in a way that the performers glow and come to life on screen. His 16th feature film garnered a Grabby Award nomination (Best International Video) and six GayVN Award nominations (including Best Director Best Picture Best Videography). It won for Best Actor in a Foreign Release.
 Merrily We Go to Hell is a 1932 Pre-Code film starring Academy Award winning actor Fredric March and Sylvia Sidney. The film was directed by Dorothy Arzner. The film's title is an example of the sensationalistic titles that were common in the Pre-Code era. Many newspapers refused to publicize the film because of its racy title. March plays a man undone by alcoholism. The title is a line his character says while making a toast.March plays an adulterous husband.
 Radio Cab Murder is a 1954 British crime film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Jimmy Hanley Lana Morris and Sonia Holm.
 Antha 7 Naatkal (read as Antha Ezhu Naatkal; English: Those Seven Days) is a 1981 Tamil language film. Directed & starred by K. Bhagyaraj the movie follows the life and ambitions of the hero Palakkad Madhavan played by K. Bhagyaraj himself and his sidekick Gopi (child actor Khaja Sharif). The movie was a great hit and very well received by the public. The movie was a remake of Telugu movie Radha Kalyanam and then made in Hindi as Woh Saat Din.
 Ducks and Drakes is an extant 1921 American silent comedy film produced and released by Realart Pictures an offshoot of Paramount Pictures. It was directed by stage producer/director Maurice Campbell and starred Bebe Daniels (also a producer on this film) and Jack Holt. Elmer Harris provided the story and screenplay. A copy is held at the Library of Congress.
 Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo. (ヱヴァンゲリヲン新劇場版：Q Evangerion Shin Gekijōban: Kyū Evangelion: The New Movie: Q where the Q stands for Quickening) is a Japanese animated film directed by Hideaki Anno and the third of four films released in the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy a remake of the original anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was produced and co-distributed by Anno's Studio Khara and released in Japanese theaters on November 17 2012.
 Love in the City (Nan cai nu mao) is a 2007 Hong Kong film directed by Jingle Ma. It stars Gao Yuanyuan Shawn Yue Takuya Suzuki and Jaycee Chan
 The Blade Spares None (Chinese: 刀不留人; Dao bu liu ren ) is a 1971 Hong Kong action film with sword fighting directed by Teddy Yip Wing Cho.
 Octopus is a 1998 Japanese horror film directed by Gou Suzuki about a serial killer.
 Wandering Detective: Black Wind in the Harbor (風来坊探偵　岬を渡る黒い風 Fūraibō tantei: Misaki o wataru kuroi kaze) is the second film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The film is a follow up to Wandering Detective: Tragedy in Red Valley.
 The Shanghai Cobra is a 1945 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.
 Mother and Child is an American drama film directed and written by Rodrigo García and stars Naomi Watts Annette Bening Kerry Washington Shareeka Epps and Samuel L. Jackson. It premiered on September 14 2009 at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23 2010 and was the closing night selection within Maryland Film Festival 2010. It was given a limited release in the United States beginning May 7 2010.
 The Independent is an Australian independent mockumentary film released in 2007 produced by Apocalypse Films. It chronicles the story of Marty Browning (Lee Mason) a man who runs for state parliament in a Victorian by-election to save his family farm backed by a shady businessman (Tony Nikolakopoulos).
 The Demon (also known as Midnight Caller) is a 1979 slasher film starring Cameron Mitchell and Jennifer Holmes and directed by Percival Rubens.
 Una palabra tuya (English: One Word from You) is a Spanish 2008 movie based on the novel of the same name by Elvira Lindo.
 Death Nurse is a 1987 horror film written and directed by Nick Millard. It was followed by a 1988 sequel entitled Death Nurse 2.
 You Know What Sailors Are is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin from a screenplay by Peter Rogers. It starred Donald Sinden Michael Hordern Bill Kerr Dora Bryan and Akim Tamiroff.
 Just Suppose is a surviving 1926 film produced by and starring Richard Barthelmess with distribution through First National Pictures. Kenneth Webb directed Barthelmess and young Lois Moran star. The film is based on a 1920 Broadway play Just Suppose by Albert E. Thomas.
 Playing God is a 1997 film directed by Andy Wilson. It stars David Duchovny (in his first starring role after achieving success with The X-Files) Timothy Hutton and Angelina Jolie.
 Andreas Hofer is a 1929 German silent historical film directed by Hans Prechtl and starring Fritz Greiner Maly Delschaft and Carl de Vogt. It is based on the story of the Tyrolean innkeeper and patriot Andreas Hofer who led an Austrian uprising against Bavarian and French troops during the Napoleonic Wars.
 The Boss of Big Town is a 1942 American film directed by Arthur Dreifuss.
 Kuku 3D is the first Slovak stereoscopic ( 3D ) movie. Released in December 2013.
 I Cesar (French: 	Moi César 10 ans 1/2 1m39) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Richard Berry.
 Hansel and Gretel: An Opera Fantasy is a stop motion animated film that was created in 1954 and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on Engelbert Humperdinck's opera Hänsel und Gretel and contains many musical numbers. It was the first American feature length animated film not made by Disney since 1941's Mr. Bug Goes to Town.
 Lange Flate Ballær II is a 2008 Norwegian comedy film directed by Harald Zwart. It is the sequel of the 2006 film Lange Flate Ballær. The main actors from the first film reprised their roles starring along with Don Johnson as the US Navy Admiral Burnett. The title translates as Long Flat Balls II.
 The White Ship (Italian:La nave bianca) is a 1941 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini. Its cast was made up entirely of amateur actors many of them the real crew of a hospital ship of the Italian navy. The production was a work of propaganda intended to support the war aims of the Fascist Italian regime during the Second World War. It was made with the close co-operation of the Italian Navy particularly Francesco De Robertis.
 The Guantanamo Trap is a documentary film about four individuals whose lives were changed by their association with the Guantanamo Bay detention camps. The film was directed by Thomas Wallner and won the special jury prize at the 2011 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival.The four individuals profiled in the film are Murat Kurnaz a Turkish citizen raised in Germany who was arrested in Pakistan and sold for a bounty to the US army.
 Just Go with It is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Adam Sandler who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Jennifer Aniston Nicole Kidman Nick Swardson and Brooklyn Decker. The film was released on February 11 2011 by Columbia Pictures. The film is based on the 1969 film Cactus Flower which was adapted from an earlier Broadway stage play written by Abe Burrows which in turn was based upon the French play Fleur de cactus.
 Good Bad Boys is a 1940 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 192nd Our Gang short (193rd episode 104th talking short 105th talking episode and 24th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 João da Mata is a 1923 Brazilian silent political drama film directed by Amilar Alves. The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on October 9 1923
 Angels with Dirty Faces is a 1938 American gangster film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring James Cagney Pat O'Brien the Dead End Kids and Humphrey Bogart along with Ann Sheridan and George Bancroft. The film was written by Rowland Brown John Wexley and Warren Duff with uncredited assistance from Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur.
 Unakkaga Naan (Translation: I'm there for you) is a 1976 Indian Tamil film produced by K Balaji and directed by C. V. Rajendran. Starring Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan in the lead it is a remake of the 1973 Bollywood film Namak Haraam that starred Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh Bachchan which itself was inspired by the 1964 Paramount Pictures production Becket.
 The Three Musketeers is a 1933 film serial produced by Mascot Pictures which updates Dumas' The Three Musketeers by setting the story in contemporary North Africa. The Musketeers are soldiers in the French Foreign Legion and D'Artagnan (renamed Lt. Tom Wayne and played by John Wayne) is a pilot in the United States military. The supporting cast features Raymond Hatton Francis X. Bushman Jr. Lon Chaney Jr.
 Stage Fright is a 2014 horror musical directed by Jerome Sable and is his feature-film directorial debut. The film had its world release on March 10 2014 at South by Southwest and will have a VOD release on April 3 2014 and a theatrical release on May 9. It stars Allie MacDonald as a hopeful young singer terrorized by a killer at a musical theater camp.
 Percy is a British comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas starring Hywel Bennett Denholm Elliott Elke Sommer and Britt Ekland. Edwin (Bennett) an innocent and shy young man is hit by a nude man falling from a high-rise building while carrying a chandelier. Edwin's penis is mutilated in the accident and has to be amputated; the falling man is killed. Edwin becomes the recipient of the world's first penis transplant: he receives the very large penis of the womanizer killed in the same accident.
 Slackers is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Dewey Nicks and stars Jason Schwartzman Devon Sawa Jason Segel and Michael Maronna.
 The Thief of Bagdad (Italian: Il Ladro di Bagdad) a 1961 film starring Steve Reeves.
 Sadie Love is a 1919 American silent comedy film distributed by Paramount Pictures (as Famous Players-Lasky Corporation) and directed by John S. Robertson. It is based on a 1915 stage play of the same name by Avery Hopwood and stars Billie Burke in the title role.
 The Beast with a Million Eyes is a science-fiction movie about an alien able to see through the eyes of the many creatures he takes control of. It was produced and directed by David Kramarsky although some sources say that it was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff. The movie was released in 1955 by American Releasing Corporation that later became American International Pictures.
 A Brooklyn State of Mind is a 1997 American crime drama film written and directed by Frank Rainone.
 Sarah's Choice is a 2009 Christian direct-to-video pro-life film directed by Chad Kapper. The film was the first lead film role for contemporary Christian singer-songwriter Rebecca St. James as the title character along with Logan White and Dick Van Patten. Christian comedian Brad Stine also appears in the film along with Charlene Tilton and Staci Keanan. It was released to DVD on November 1 2009 and was aired on February 27 2010 on the Trinity Broadcasting Network.
 Anametri(s)i (Greek: Αναμέτρηση Unmeasured accented form: Anamétris(s)i also under the name Epikindoni Pehnidi (Επικίνδυνο Παιχνίδι)) is a 1982 Greek mystery film directed by Giorgos Karypidis and starring Zoi Laskari Aris Retsos Stefanos Stratigos and Spyros Fokas.
 Moving Out is a 1982 film about a young Italo-Australian adolescent in Melbourne directed by Michael Pattinson.Pattinson met Jan Sardi who was a school teacher wanting to move into writing. They discussed making the movie as a 50-minute film and it evolved into a feature. Most of the money was raised privately except for $50000 from the Australian Film Commission.The movie was shot over six weeks in various schools in inner Melbourne. It was shot on 16 mm and blown up to 35mm.
 Rich Girl is a 1991 film that starred Jill Schoelen as 21-year-old Courtney a wealthy girl from Bel-Air California who wants to make it on her own. She finally settles for being a waitress at a nightclub called Rocco's where she meets and falls for a singer from Skid Row Don Michael Paul. The cast also includes Cherie Currie as a cocaine using singer Sean Kanan as Courtney's ex-fiance and Paul Gleason as Courtney's rich father.
 Gerry is a 2002 film directed by Gus Van Sant starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck who also co-wrote the film with Van Sant. It is the first film of Van Sant's Death Trilogy three films based on deaths that occurred in real life and is succeeded by Elephant and Last Days. The theatrical version of film was rated R by the MPAA and the edited version was rated PG-13.
 The Haunted House of Horror also titled Horror House and The Dark was an early type of teen slasher film set in late 60's England. It starred Frankie Avalon and Jill Haworth as young adults looking for a thrill by spending the night in an old mansion in the English countryside. Although portraying a teenager Avalon was nearly 30 years old at the time of filming. It was directed by Michael Armstrong who would go on to direct Mark of the Devil.
 Hansel and Gretel (Hangul: 헨젤과 그레텔) is a 2007 South Korean horror film directed by Yim Pil-sung.
 Today We Live is a 1933 American romance drama film produced and directed by Howard Hawks and starring Joan Crawford Gary Cooper Robert Young and Franchot Tone.Based on the story Turnabout by William Faulkner which appeared in the Saturday Evening Post on March 5 1932 the film is about two officers during World War I who compete for the same beautiful young woman.
 The Bluejackets (Dutch: De jantjes) is a 1922 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Les Amours de la reine Élisabeth (The Loves of Queen Elizabeth) Les Amours d'Elisabeth Reine d'Angleterre (The Loves of Elizabeth Queen of England) or La reine Élisabeth (Queen Elizabeth) is a 1912 short 4-reel French silent film based on the love affair between Elizabeth I of England and the Earl of Essex. It was condensed from a play of the same name and directed by Louis Mercanton and Henri Desfontaines.
 The Chase is a 1966 American drama film directed by Arthur Penn and starring Marlon Brando Jane Fonda and Robert Redford about a series of events set into motion by a prison break. Because one of the two escapees is Charlie Bubber Reeves (Redford) wrongly assumed to be responsible for a murder the escape causes a stir in a nearby town where Bubber is a well-known figure. The supporting cast features E.G.
 When You Come Home is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Frank Randle Leslie Sarony and Leslie Holmes. When the music hall where he works is threatened with closure a handyman organises an effort to save it. It had a larger production budget than Randle's previous films made in Manchester.
 Our Happy Lives (French: Nos vies heureuses) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Jacques Maillot. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bon Voyage! is a 1962 Walt Disney film directed by James Neilson and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company. Following their practice of the time it was also issued as a comic book and an adaptation appeared in the comic strip Walt Disney's Treasury of Classic Tales. It stars Fred MacMurray Jane Wyman Deborah Walley Tommy Kirk and Kevin Corcoran as the Willard family on a European holiday.
 Strawberry is an upcoming Pakistani Urdu-Language art movie film directed by Abdul Majid Abbasi and Raza Haider who are also the producers and writers of the film. The film stars popular TV drama artist and VJ Urwa in the female lead along with Sohail Haider as a male lead. The music of the film is composed Sohail Keys. The film is set to release in 2013.
 Paandi Nattu Thangam is a 1989 Indian Tamil drama film directed by T. P. Gajendran. The film features Karthik and Nirosha in lead roles. The film produced by Kalyani Murugan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 19 May 1989.
 The Fly is a 1958 American science-fiction horror film directed by Kurt Neumann. The screenplay was written by James Clavell (his first) from the short story of the same name by George Langelaan. It was followed by two sequels Return of the Fly and Curse of the Fly. It was remade in 1986 as a film of the same name by director David Cronenberg.
 Doppelganger (ドッペルゲンガー Dopperugengā) is a 2003 Japanese black comedy film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa starring Koji Yakusho Hiromi Nagasaku and Yusuke Santamaria.
 Housefull 2 (also known as Housefull 2: The Dirty Dozen) is a 2012 Indian comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It is the sequel to the 2010 film Housefull and stars Akshay Kumar Asin Thottumkal John Abraham Jacqueline Fernandez in lead roles while Ritesh Deshmuk Shreyas Talpade Zarine Khan Shazahn Padamsee Randhir Kapoor Rishi Kapoor Mithun Chakraborty and Boman Irani play supporting roles. The music is composed by Sajid-Wajid.
 Crossroads is a 1937 Chinese seriocomedy film directed by Shen Xiling starring Bai Yang and Zhao Dan. The film exemplified the growing trend of Chinese films by the mid-1930s of incorporating references (both veiled and explicit) to the war with Japan. In this way Crossroads joins films like Blood on Wolf Mountain by Fei Mu and The Big Road by Sun Yu. Crossroads has its background in the Great Depression of the 1930s.
 Attack of the Helping Hand is a 1979 short film written and directed by Scott Spiegel and starring Linda Quiroz and Sam Raimi.
 Melvin is an American independent film to be released in 2011. Produced and directed by Chris Ohlson the film is a road movie about a desperate young man beginning to unravel. Melvin was 1 of 10 projects selected for the 2010 IFP Narrative Labs in New York City in June 2010.
 Caravan of Death (German: Die Todeskarawane) is a 1920 silent German film directed by Josef Stein and featuring Carl de Vogt as Kara Ben Nemsi. Béla Lugosi played a supporting role. The film was an adaptation of the Karl May novel of the same name and is now considered to be lost.
 The Value Of Ignorance is the name of a VHS released by singer/songwriter Sinéad O'Connor in 1989. The concert was recorded live at the Dominion Theatre in London on June 3 1988. The concert was re-released in 2004 in DVD format as Live: The Year of the Horse/The Value of Ignorance.
 Overheard 3 (Chinese: 竊聽風雲3) is a 2014 Hong Kong-Chinese crime-thriller film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong and starring Sean Lau Louis Koo Daniel Wu and Zhou Xun. It is the sequel to the 2011's film Overheard 2 where Lau Koo and Wu play different roles with a different storyline but the key elements of the previous two films are kept. The film is slated for release on May 30 2014 in China and June 5 2014 in Hong Kong.
 Mofturi 1900 is a 1964 Romanian comedic film directed by Jean Georgescu and based on Ion Luca Caragiale's many Moments and Sketches. The sketches used are Diplomatie (Diplomacy) Amicii (Pals) O lacuna (A gap) Bubico C.F.R. (abbreviation of Romanian Railways) and Din statiune (From resort). The film stars Grigore Vasiliu Birlic Iurie Darie and Ion Dichiseanu; and features Ioana Bulcă Alexandru Giugaru Mircea Crisan Geo Barton and others.
 Two Men of the Desert (also known as Two Men on the Desert and Two Men in a Desert) was a 1913 American silent Western short film written and directed by D. W. Griffith. Based on a story by Jack London the film was shot on location in Death Valley. Two Men of the Desert is now presumed lost.
 Juan Moreira is a 1973 Argentine dramatic historical film directed by Leonardo Favio and starring Rodolfo Bebán. It is based on the homonymous novel by Eduardo Gutiérrez which narrates the life of the famous Argentine outlaw gaucho and folk hero Juan Moreira.
 Freakdog is a 2008 horror film by Paddy Breathnach that originally went under the title Red Mist.
 Schatten – Eine nächtliche Halluzination (Shadows - a Nocturnal Hallucination also known in English as Warning Shadows) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Arthur Robison. It is considered part of German Expressionism.
 The Young Mr Pitt is a 1942 British biographical film directed by Carol Reed and starring Robert Donat Robert Morley and John Mills. Made in black-and-white it was produced by Edward Black and Maurice Ostrer for the British subsidiary of 20th Century Fox.
 Cumbres de hidalguía is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Julio Saraceni and the story was written by Luis Olivo Gallo. It was recorded in black and white and mono.
 Les Sept péchés capitaux is a 1962 film composed of seven different segments one for each of the seven deadly sins.
 Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos is a 2006 documentary film about the New York Cosmos one of the most famous soccer clubs in the history of the United States.
 Aloft is a 2014 drama film written and directed by Claudia Llosa starring Jennifer Connelly Cillian Murphy and Mélanie Laurent. The film premiered in competition at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Blue Eyed is a 1996 documentary film by Bertram Verhaag in which Jane Elliott is teaching a workshop on racism.She separates people regarding their eye color. The brown or green eye color people are considered to be superior to the blue eye color people.
 Predator is a 1987 American action horror film directed by John McTiernan starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Carl Weathers Jesse Ventura and Kevin Peter Hall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The story follows an elite special forces team led by 'Dutch' (Arnold Schwarzenegger) on a mission to rescue hostages from guerrilla territory in Central America. Unbeknownst to the group they are being stalked and hunted by a technologically advanced form of extraterrestrial life the Predator.
 City by the Sea is a 2002 film starring Robert De Niro James Franco Eliza Dushku Frances McDormand and William Forsythe. It deals with the family problems of a wayward youth and is set against a man trying to break free of his past. It was directed by Michael Caton-Jones. It is based on the story of Vincent LaMarca.
 The Girl Next Door is a 1953 musical comedy film directed by Richard Sale released by 20th Century Fox and starring June Haver Dan Dailey and Dennis Day.The Girl Next Door was June Haver's last film appearance. Haver had gained fame in the mid-to-late 1940s as a musical star for Fox; she starred in films like Irish Eyes Are Smiling Where Do We Go from Here? I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now Look for the Silver Lining and I'll Get By.
 Grimm Love (original German title Rohtenburg) is a 2006 psychological horror film inspired by the Armin Meiwes cannibal murder case.
 Crisis in Mid-air is a 1979 US made for TV movie. Unlike other airport disaster movies popular in the 1970s it concentrates on the stresses at Air Traffic Control. The film was shot partially on location at the LA Terminal Area/Approach Radar Control (TRACON).
 Straight-Jacket is a 2004 comedy film written and directed by Richard Day based on his play. Done as a pastiche of the Rock Hudson-Doris Day romantic comedy films Straight-Jacket tells the story of Guy Stone a closeted gay actor in the 1950s who is modeled on Hudson.
 Please Murder Me is a 1956 American film directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr.The film is in the public domain and is available for free download at the Internet Archive.
 La Noche del hurto is a 1976 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Sofovich.
 Prototype is a 1983 made-for-television film starring Christopher Plummer.
 Just William is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and starring Richard Lupino Fred Emney and Basil Radford. It is based on the Just William series of books by Richmal Crompton.
 Good Times Bed Times (戀上你的床 Luen seung ngei dik chong) is a 2003 Hong Kong film starring Sean Lau and Sammi Cheng.
 Stuart Little 2 is a 2002 American live action and CGI animated film directed by Rob Minkoff and starring Geena Davis Hugh Laurie and Jonathan Lipnicki and the voices of Michael J. Fox Nathan Lane Melanie Griffith James Woods (who previously starred alongside Fox in 1991's The Hard Way) and Steve Zahn. The film is a sequel to the 1999 film and includes characters from the children's book by E. B. White such as Margalo.
 Awara Paagal Deewana (Hindi: आवारा पागल दीवाना English: Wayward Crazy Insane) is a 2002 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Vikram Bhatt. The film's music was composed by Anu Malik and the lyrics by Sameer. It is a remake of The Whole Nine Yards (film).
 Apocalypse II: Revelation is a 1999 Christian/thriller and sequel to Apocalypse by Cloud Ten Pictures.Three months have passed since the events of the previous film. Franco Macalousso (Nick Mancuso) has convinced many of those left behind that he is the true Messiah. But is he?Counter-terrorism expert Thorold Stone (Jeff Fahey) tries to put the pieces of his life together. His wife and daughter were among the millions who vanished in the Rapture.
 Yo soy Boricua pa'que tu lo sepas! is a documentary film on New York City's Puerto Rican Day Parade. Director Rosie Perez shows her activism and discusses her Pureto Rican heritage.
 Traveller was recorded for Linde Nijland's album A Musical Journey in 2010. The story of the video is based on her lyrics which portrait a traveller who asks herself questions along the road. Symbolically the questions are about the meaning of life. The video is intended to convey the astral sense of the song. A 2D computer animation with watercolour paintings were designated for the background to carry over the softness and pureness of Nijland's voice and music into the video.
 Moscow Zero is a 2006 film directed by María Lidón.
 Wings of the Navy is a 1939 Warner Bros. drama directed by Lloyd Bacon starring Olivia de Havilland and John Payne. Like many of the Warner Bros. features in the pre-World War II era it was intended to serve as propaganda for the U.S. military and received heavy support from the US Navy which also considered the film as a recruiting tool.
 Loving You is a melodramatic love story produced and distributed by Regal Films.It was released on 20 August 2008.
 Blondie Meets the Boss is a 1939 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer. Based on the Chic Young's comic strip of the same name the film is the second in the Blondie series which would eventually grow to 28 films.
 Three Loves in Rio (Portuguese: Meus Amores no Rio Spanish: Mis amores en Río) is a 1959 Brazilian-Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Les Liaisons dangereuses (English title: Dangerous Liaisons) is a 2003 French television mini-series directed by Josée Dayan starring Catherine Deneuve Rupert Everett Nastassja Kinski and Leelee Sobieski. It is based on the classic eighteenth-century novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.
 Siluri umani (internationally released as Human Torpedoes) is a 1954 Italian war film directed by Antonio Leonviola with the advisory of the former Admiral Marc-Antonio Bragadin. Leonviola left the set of the almost finished film for conflicts with the production and was replaced by Carlo Lizzani.
 The Carpenter is a 1988 horror film directed by David Wellington and written by Doug Taylor.
 Such a Long Journey (1998) is a film based on the novel of the same name written by Rohinton Mistry. It is directed by Sturla Gunnarsson from a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala.
 Freetime Machos is a Finnish documentary film about the world's most northerly rugby club called OYUS Rugby based in Oulu Finland. The film is directed by Mika Ronkainen and it was premiered at IDFA in November 2009. The film got its North American premiere at Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010. It was also part of the Edinburgh International Film Festival in June 2010.
 Goodnight for Justice: Queen of Hearts is a 2013 television film directed by Martin Wood and starring Luke Perry Katharine Isabelle and Ricky Schroder. Written by Neal and Tippi Dobrofsky based on characters created by Luke Perry the film is about a circuit judge who rescues a beautiful woman from a vengeful colonel.
 Next of Kin is an Australian horror film directed by Tony Williams from a screenplay by Williams and Michael Heath and starring Jacki Kerin and John Jarratt.The movie featured in the documentary Not Quite Hollywood where it was praised by Quentin Tarantino.
 Garden State is a 2004 comedy-drama film written and directed by Zach Braff and starring Natalie Portman Peter Sarsgaard Ian Holm and Braff himself. The film centers on Andrew Largeman (Braff) a 26-year-old actor/waiter who returns to his hometown in New Jersey after his mother dies. Braff based the film on his real life experiences.It was filmed in April and May 2003 and released on July 28 2004.
 Triple Justice is a 1940 film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien Virginia Vale and Peggy Shannon. The supporting cast includes Paul Fix and Glenn Strange. The picture recorded a loss of $5000.
 Saigo no Yakusoku (最後の約束 The Last Promise) was a Japanese drama special starring the members of Japanese boy band Arashi in their first drama together in nearly ten years.
 The Plainsman is a 1936 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur. The film presents a highly fictionalized account of the adventures and relationships between Wild Bill Hickok Calamity Jane Buffalo Bill Cody and General George Custer with a gun-runner named Lattimer (Charles Bickford) as the main villain. The film is notorious for mixing timelines and even has an opening scene with Abraham Lincoln setting the stage for Hickok's adventures.
 Thee Nagar is a Tamil language film. The film released in July 2007 became a flop.
 Atlantis: The Lost Empire is a 2001 American traditionally animated action-adventure film created by Walt Disney Feature Animation—the first science fiction film in Disney's animated features canon and the 41st overall. Written by Tab Murphy directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise and produced by Don Hahn the film features an ensemble cast with the voices of Michael J. Fox Cree Summer James Garner Leonard Nimoy Don Novello and Jim Varney in his final role before his death.
 Copkiller or Copkiller (l'assassino dei poliziotti) also known as Corrupt and The Order of Death is a 1983 Italian crime thriller film directed by Roberto Faenza and starring Harvey Keitel and musician John Lydon the singer for the bands Sex Pistols and Public Image Ltd.. It is based on Hugh Fleetwood's novel The Order of Death which was set to be the original title of the production. Fleetwood also adapted and wrote the screenplay with Faenza and Ennio de Concini.
 The Best Two Years is a 2003 dramedy film written and directed by Scott S. Anderson. It is based on the stage play The Best Two Years of My Life also by Anderson. It portrays the experience of four LDS missionaries living in an apartment in the Holland region of the Netherlands. The stage play had one setting the apartment of the missionaries.
 His Buddy is a 1919 short Western film directed by George Holt and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Outside the Gates is a 1915 silent fantasy film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Sound of Music is a 1965 American musical film directed and produced by Robert Wise and starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The film is derived from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music with songs written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II the musical book written by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse and the screenplay written by Ernest Lehman.
 Drifting Clouds (Finnish: Kauas pilvet karkaavat) is a 1996 Finnish film directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Kati Outinen Kari Väänänen and Markku Peltola. The film is the first in Kaurismäki's Finland trilogy the other 2 films being The Man Without a Past and Lights in the Dusk.
 6-18-67 is a short quasi-documentary film by George Lucas regarding the making of the 1969 Columbia film Mackenna's Gold. This nonstory noncharacter visual tone poem is made up of nature imagery time-lapse photography and the subtle sounds of the Arizona desert. Shooting was completed on June 18 1967.
 Bonjour Timothy is a 1995 Canadian-New Zealand romantic comedy film about a New Zealand teenager who falls in love with the French Canadian exchange student his family is hosting.
 The Women on the 6th Floor (French: Les Femmes du 6ème étage; also known as Service Entrance) is a 2010 French film directed by Philippe le Guay. It was written by Le Guay and Jérôme Tonnerre. The film premièred at the Montpellier International Festival of Mediterranean Film on 23 October 2010. Its cinematic run in France began on 16 February 2011. First shown in the USA in March 2011 at Rendezvous with French Cinema it began its release on 7 October 2011.
 A Soldier Speaks after Death (병사는 죽어서 말한다 - Byeonsaneun jukeoseo malhanda) is a 1966 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Barefoot Savage (Italian: Sensualità) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Clemente Fracassi.
 If You Could See What I Hear is a 1982 biography/drama movie about blind musician Tom Sullivan starring Marc Singer and Shari Belafonte directed by Eric Till.Tagline: The true story of a born winner!
 Tumbling Doll of Flesh (Niku daruma) is a 1998 pornographic horror film written and directed by Tamakichi Anaru.
 Peekaboo is a 2011 Australian short film written and directed by Damien Power and produced by Joe Weatherstone. The film was a finalist in the Dendy Awards for Australian Short Films at the 2011 Sydney Film Festival.
 Summer's Blood (also known as Summer and Summer's Moon) is a Canadian horror film starring Ashley Greene. It was released directly to DVD on November 10 2009.
 And You Don't Stop: 30 Years of Hip-Hop is a 2004 film directed by Richard Lowe and Dana Heinz Perry and written by Bill Adler. The film documents the development of hip hop culture since its inception in the 1970s. It was nominated for an IDA award in 2005.
 Murph the Surf is a 1975 film based on a jewel burglary involving the surfer Jack Roland Murphy who had the nickname Murph the Surf. Starring Robert Conrad and Don Stroud it was directed by Marvin J. Chomsky.
 Dhinarathrangal (English: Days and Nights) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by Dennis Joseph directed by Joshi and starring Mammootty in the title role. The film is highly regarded as one of the best family entertainers of eighties and was a box-office blockbuster. Sumalatha and Mukesh played the other pivotal roles. The score and soundtrack were composed by Shyam.
 The Viking (1928) was the first feature-length Technicolor film that featured a soundtrack and the first film made in Technicolor's Process 3. It stars Pauline Starke Donald Crisp and LeRoy Mason. The film is based on the novel The Thrall of Leif the Lucky.
 Guns and Guitars is a 1936 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Dorothy Dix. Written by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a singing cowboy who helps protect a county from fever-ridden cattle and after being framed for murdering the sheriff proves his innocence gets elected sheriff and then goes after the bad guy.
 Dear Wife is a 1949 comedy film starring Joan Caulfield and William Holden. It is the sequel to Dear Ruth which was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Norman Krasna.J. D. Salinger the author of Catcher in the Rye has stated that he conjured the name of the book's protagonist Holden Caulfield when he saw a movie theatre marquee in his community displaying the names of the lead actors.
 Mirrors 2 is a 2010 American horror film. It is a sequel to the 2008 film Mirrors. Released by 20th Century Fox in direct-to-video format the film is written by Matt Venne and is directed by Víctor García. It is available on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
 Killer at Large is a 1947 American crime film directed by William Beaudine and starring Robert Lowery Anabel Shaw and Charles Evans.
 So Young So Bright (ジャンケン娘 Janken musume) is a 1955 color (Eastmancolor) Japanese film directed by Toshio Sugie. It is a musical film.Production design was made by Shinobu Muraki and the sound recordist was Masanobu Miyazaki.
 Phera (Bengali: ফেরা Retern) is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by Partha Sarathi Jowardar.
 Grand Central Murder is a comedy/mystery film released in 1942. It was based on Sue MacVeigh's 1939 novel of the same name and stars Van Heflin as a private investigator who is one of the suspects in a murder on a private train car in Grand Central Terminal. The film was directed by S. Sylvan Simon.
 The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel is a 1928 British silent costume drama film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Matheson Lang Juliette Compton and Nelson Keys. It was based on the novel The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel by Baroness Emma Orczy. It was made at Cricklewood Studios with art direction by Clifford Pember..
 Navakoti Narayana (Kannada: ನವಕೋಟಿ ನಾರಾಯಣ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film directed by S. K. Ananthachari starring Rajkumar and Sowcar Janaki in lead roles. The film is based on the life of Purandara Dasa a prominent composer of Carnatic music who lived from 1484-1564. In the film Rajkumar plays the role of Purandara Dasa. The music of the film was composed by Shivaprasad.
 Rojo Amanecer (Red Dawn) is a 1989 Silver Ariel Award-winning Mexican film directed by Jorge Fons. It is a film about the Tlatelolco Massacre in the section of Tlatelolco in Mexico City in the evening of October 2 1968. It focuses on the day of a middle-class Mexican family living in one of the apartment buildings surrounding the Plaza de Tlatelolco and is based on testimonials from witnesses and victims. It stars Héctor Bonilla María Rojo the Bichir Brothers Eduardo Palomo and others.
 Barabbas is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg. It is based on the novel Barabbas by Pär Lagerkvist. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.Being one of the biggest Swedish productions of its time it is today unknown to the big masses both internationally and in its native Sweden. In 1961 an American adaption of the same novel was released starring Anthony Quinn in the leading part.
 Arya (Telugu: ఆర్య) is a Telugu film which released on 7 May 2004 and was directed by Sukumar. This film has Allu Arjun in the main lead. The film was dubbed in Malayalam as Arya Proud of Youth. It was remade into Oriya as Pagala Premi with actor Sabyasachi Mishra in Tamil as Kutty and Bengali (Bangladesh) as Badha. The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Arya Ki Prem Pratigya. The film was followed by the sequel Arya 2 in 2009.
 La Aventura de los paraguas asesinos is a 1979 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos Galettini.
 Herakles (Heracles) is a 1962 short film and the first film by the German director Werner Herzog then 20 years old. The film relates to six of the twelve labours of Heracles. The film starts with shots of young male bodybuilders working out in a gym posing on a stage and flexing their muscles. Each of the labours are then announced by on-screen text in the form of a question followed by related scenes of modern challenges intercut with the bodybuilders.
 Animal Crackers is a 1930 Marx Brothers comedy film in which mayhem and zaniness ensue when a valuable painting goes missing during a party in honor of famed African explorer Captain Spaulding. A critical and commercial success on its initial release filming took place at Astoria Studios in Astoria Queens; it was the second of two films the Brothers would make in New York.
 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a Malayalam crime film released on 24 September 2009. The film is directed by Joshiy. Prithviraj Sukumaran Narain and Bhavana Balachandran play the lead roles. The film had actor Jayasurya in an extended cameo as an assistant police commissioner; others in the cast include Biju Menon and Samvrutha Sunil. A dubbed version of the film was released in Telugu as ATM and in Tamil as Naan Ninaithathai Mudippavan.
 Happiness Is is a 2009 documentary film that the examines the different interpretations of the pursuit of happiness in America. The film features interviews with notable personalities such as His Holiness The Dalai Lama Willie Nelson and John Mellencamp as well has happiness authors Daniel Gilbert Gretchen Rubin and Darrin McMahon. It's the second film from director and writer Andrew Shapter.
 The Day Time Ended is an independent science fiction film released in 1980. The film starred Jim Davis Christopher Mitchum and Dorothy Malone and was directed by John 'Bud' Carlos. It was nominated for the Saturn Award for best supporting actress Marcy Lafferty.The film was originally titled Earth's Final Fury; this was changed to Vortex which was considered more likely to sell tickets. The final title became The Day Time Ended for unknown reasons. The film is 80 minutes long.
 Hindustan Ki Kasam is a 1999 Indian film directed by Veeru Devgan and starring his son Ajay Devgan (in a dual role) Amitabh Bachchan Manisha Koirala and Sushmita Sen. The movie was a super hit grosser despite taking a bumper opening.
 Kushti (English translation: Wrestling)is a Bollywood comedy film directed by T.K. Rajeev Kumar. The film stars Rajpal Yadav in the lead role along with the WWE wrestler The Great Khali (Dalap Singh Rana) making his Bollywood debut. The film also stars Manoj Joshi Om Puri and Sharat Saxena in supporting roles. The movie is inspired by the 1985 Malayalam film Mutharamkunnu P.O..
 The Calling is a 2009 British drama film directed by Jan Dunn. Dunn's third feature film it tells the story of Joanna played by Emily Beecham who after graduating from university goes against her family and friends when she decides to join the closed order of Benedictine nuns.
 Bits of Life is a 1921 American film produced written and directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is notable as the first anthology film. The cast included Lon Chaney and Noah Beery Sr.. For her performance in this film Anna May Wong received her first screen credit. Bits of Life is now considered lost.
 Play the Game is a 2009 romantic comedy film starring Andy Griffith Paul Campbell Liz Sheridan Doris Roberts and Marla Sokoloff written and directed by Marc Fienberg. This was Andy Griffith's last film credit; he died on July 3 2012.
 The Phantom Fortune is a 1923 American film serial directed by Robert F. Hill. It is thought to be lost.
 Song at Eventide is a 1934 British musical film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Fay Compton Lester Matthews and Nancy Burne. A top cabaret singer is blackmailed in a scandal that threatens to ruin her and her family.
 Air Force Incorporated (Spanish: Fuerza aérea sociedad anónima) is a 2006 Argentine documentary written and directed by Enrique Piñeyro. The picture was executive produced by Aqua Films' Verónica Cura and produced by Enrique Piñeyro.
 Godzilla (ゴジラ Gojira) is a 1954 Japanese science fiction kaiju film produced by Toho directed by Ishirō Honda and featuring special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya. The film stars Akira Takarada Momoko Kōchi Akihiko Hirata and Takashi Shimura. The plot tells the story of Godzilla a giant monster mutated by nuclear radiation who ravages Japan and brings back the horrors of World War II's nuclear devastation to the very nation that experienced it first-hand.
 Zapatos Viejos (English: Old Shoes) is a spanish-language 1993 film directed by Sergio Andrade.
 A Bullet for Sandoval (also known as Those Desperate Men Who Smell of Dirt and Death and Desperate Men) is a 1969 spaghetti western film. It is a co-production between Spain (where it was released as Los Desperados) and Italy (where is known as Quei disperati che puzzano di sudore e di morte). The film was generally well received by critics.
 Jacaré (also called Jacaré Killer of the Amazon) was a film made in 1942 of James Dannaldson’s expedition to the Amazon.Clyde E. Elliott Charles E. Ford and James Dannaldson led the film crew which shot some 260000 feet of film on the lower reaches of the Amazon River in Spring 1942.
 Die Arche (aka The Ark) is a 1919 silent science fiction film starring Leo Connard and directed by Richard Oswald. It is a two-part German epic based upon a novel by Werner Scheff. It follows the story of a near future in which civilization has been destroyed.
 Aasai is a 1995 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam The film featured Ajith Kumar and Suvalakshmi making her debut in the leading roles with Prakash Raj in a pivotal role. The film has camera work by Jeeva and a popular soundtrack by Deva. Upon release the film won positive reviews and went on to become a blockbuster completing a 285-day run at the box office.
 Edwurd Fudwupper Fibbed Big is a 2000 film starring Emily Osment. The film also stars Justin Brinsfield John Cleese Catherine O'Hara and Haley Joel Osment. It is based on the book by Berkeley Breathed.
 Over the Hedge is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy film based on the characters from United Media comic strip of the same name. Directed by Tim Johnson and Karey Kirkpatrick and produced by Bonnie Arnold it was released in the United States on May 19 2006.The film was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film features the voices of Bruce Willis Garry Shandling Steve Carell William Shatner Wanda Sykes and Nick Nolte.
 The Doll is a 2008 film based on a short story of the same name written by author Charles W. Chesnutt. It was directed by Dante J. James from a screenplay written by James and Joy Kecken. It stars Clayton LeBouef Monique Brown Jan Forbes and Carter Jahncke. Filmed in Annapolis Maryland the story is believed to have been set in Cincinnati Ohio in the early 1900s. The film dramatizes an episode in the life of Tom Taylor an African-American proprietor of the Wyandot Hotel barber shop.
 The Darling of Paris is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara and Glen White. It was a very loose film adaptation of the 1831 novel The Hunchback of Notre-Dame by Victor Hugo. It was produced by William Fox. The Darling of Paris was later re-edited from six to five reels and re-released by Fox on February 16 1919. The film is now considered lost.
 An Autumn Afternoon (秋刀魚の味 Sanma no aji The Taste of Mackerel Pike) is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu. It stars Ozu regular Chishu Ryu as the patriarch of the Hirayama family who oversees the wedding of his daughter played by Shima Iwashita. It was Ozu's last film; he died in the following year.
 The Outsider is a 1939 British drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring George Sanders Mary Maguire and Barbara Blair. An osteopath cures one of his patients with whom he has fallen in love. It is a remake of the 1931 film The Outsider and was based on a play by Dorothy Brandon.
 Tilt is a 1979 Drama film starring Brooke Shields as the protagonist Tilt a young pinball wizard.
 Hi Fidelity is a 2011 Hong Kong romance film written and directed by Calvin Poon. The film stars Pat Ha Michelle Ye Carrie Ng and William Chan.
 Saw V is a 2008 Canadian-American horror film directed by David Hackl and written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan and stars Tobin Bell Costas Mandylor Scott Patterson Betsy Russell Mark Rolston Julie Benz Carlo Rota and Meagan Good. This film is the fifth installment of the Saw franchise and was released on October 23 2008 in Australia and October 24 2008 in North America.
 Here Comes the Devil is a 2012 film directed by Adrian Garcia Bogliano whose cast is Francisco Barreiro Laura Caro Alan Martinez Michele Garcia and David Arturo Cabezud. Shot in Tijuana Baja California Mexico but financed with equity from the United States. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and at Fantastic Fest 2012 it swept the awards for Best Horror Film Best Screenplay and Best Director.
 Crying Ladies is a 2003 Filipino film directed by Mark Meily and winner of Best Picture in the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival. It was the Philippines' submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Yogi's Ark Lark is an animated Hanna-Barbera television movie intended to raise ecological awareness. Broadcast in 1972 it was part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie and served as the pilot for Yogi's Gang.Aside from its environmental message the film marked a milestone in Hanna-Barbera's history: a wide range of the studio’s characters were united in one story for the first time.
 The Love Wager is a 1933 British comedy film directed by A. Cyran and starring Pat Paterson Frank Stanmore and Wallace Douglas. Before he can receive her father's consent a young man works to try and earn £1500 in a year to marry his girlfriend.
 Las mil y una noches (The Thousand and One Nights) is a 1958 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Kumkum the Dancer is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Modhu Bose. It was released in both Bengali and Hindi.
 Fong Sai-yuk II (aka The Legend II and The Legend of Fong Sai-yuk II) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Corey Yuen and starring Jet Li as a Chinese folk hero Fong Sai-yuk the film is a sequel to Fong Sai-yuk which released in 1993. Two former of Miss Hong Kong Pageant winner Michele Monique Reis (1988) and Amy Kwok (1991) plays Fong Sai-yuk wives respectively
 Sidetracked is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Monty Python's The Meaning of Life also known as The Meaning of Life is a 1983 British musical-sketch comedy film written and performed by the Monty Python team and directed by one of its members Terry Jones.
 Adélaïde is a French drama film directed by Jean-Daniel Simon and starring Ingrid Thulin Jean Sorel and Sylvie Fennec. In English it is sometimes known as The Depraved. It was based on a novella by Joseph-Arthur de Gobineau and produced by Pierre Kalfon.
 Blazing Justice is a 1936 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 The Outsider is an American action crime drama film directed by Brian A. Miller and written by Craig Fairbrass. The film stars Craig Fairbrass James Caan Shannon Elizabeth Jason Patric Melissa Ordway and Johnny Messner.
 In the Name Of (Polish: W imię...) is a 2013 Polish drama film directed by Małgorzata Szumowska. The film won the Teddy Award for Best Feature Film on LGBT topics at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival and was screened at the Frameline Film Festival at the Castro Theater in San Francisco on 25 June 2013.
 Prisoners of Love is a lost 1921 silent produced by and starring Betty Compson and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. It was directed by Arthur Rosson and was Compson's first film after a year's hiatus from film making.
 The Imitation Game is an upcoming historical drama film about British wartime cryptographer Alan Turing a key figure in cracking Nazi Germany's Enigma code during World War II who was later criminally prosecuted for his homosexuality. It stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing and is directed by Morten Tyldum with a screenplay by Graham Moore based on the biography Alan Turing: The Enigma by Andrew Hodges.
 Doc Schoko: Oktopus im Pentagramm is the title of the second film within the play loud! (live) music series. It features Berlin-based singer and songwriter Doc Schoko and his band . The band performs Oktopus im Pentagramm at Berlin Volksbühne in 2007. Filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios captured the group in the style of Direct Cinema.
 Amanda Knox: Murder on Trial in Italy (also known as The Amanda Knox Story) is a 2011 American true crime television film.
 A Man Betrayed (UK title Citadel of Crime TV title Wheel of Fortune) is a 1941 American film starring John Wayne.
 Bits and Pieces is a 1985 horror drama film directed by Leland Thomas and starring S.E. Zygmont Suzanna Smith Sheila Lussier Tally Chanel and Brian Burt.
 Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen (1934) is an American comedy-drama film starring Dorothea Wieck Alice Brady and Baby LeRoy written by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Jane Storm from a novel and story by Rupert Hughes and directed by Alexander Hall. The events depicted in the film were allegedly based on the Lindbergh kidnapping.
 Come un uomo sulla terra is an Italian 2008 documentary film.
 Houen zo! is a 1953 Dutch short documentary film directed by Herman van der Horst.
 Shanghai Express is a 1932 American film directed by Josef von Sternberg. The pre-Code picture stars Marlene Dietrich Clive Brook Anna May Wong and Warner Oland. It was written by Jules Furthman based on a 1931 story by Harry Hervey. It was the fourth of seven teamings of Sternberg and Dietrich.Hervey's story was in turn loosely based on the May 6 1923 incident in which a Shengdong warlord captured the Shanghai to Beijing express train taking 25 westerners and 300 Chinese hostage.
 Mard Ki Zabaan is a 1987 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Jackie Shroff Poonam Dhillon and Kimi Katkar.
 Gunslinger is a 1956 American western film starring Beverly Garland as Rose Hood the widow of a slain town sheriff who inherits his job. Directed by Roger Corman from a screenplay by Mark Hanna and Charles B.
 Alai (English: Wave) is a 2003 Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Vikram Kumar. The film stars Silambarasan and Trisha Krishnan in the lead role while Raghuvaran Nizhalgal Ravi and Vivek played supporting roles. The score and soundtrack were composed by Vidyasagar and the film released in September 2003and was an declared as an average.
 Priya Amar Jaan (Bengali: প্রিয়া আমার জান)(earlier titled 'Tomari Chilam Tomari Achi') is a Bangladeshi romance film directed by Razo Chowdhury and starring are Shakib Khan Apu Ali Raaz Misha Sawdagar Asif Iqbal and Joli. release on Eid al Adha of 7 November 2011. and become one of the top grossing film of 2011.
 The Millionaire is a 1931 all-talking pre-code comedy film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and starring George Arliss in the title role. The film is a remake of the 1922 film called The Ruling Passion which also starred Arliss. The film was based on the short story Idle Hands by Earl Derr Biggers. In one of his earliest film roles James Cagney had a brief but key appearance.
 Sivamani is a 2003 Telugu romance film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film was Jagannadh's first time working with actor Akkineni Nagarjuna. Asin Thottumkal and Rakshitha play the female leads while Prakash Raj plays the villain. This film is inspired by Message in a Bottle - the Nicolas Sparks novel and film. It was dubbed into Hindi as Main Balwaan.
 Lagda Ishq Ho Gaya is a Punjabi film starring Roshan Prince(making his acting debut) Shaveta & Rana RanbirMusic for the film will be given by Gurmeet Singh & Film directed by Sukhminder Dhanjal.
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Blanche Sweet and Conrad Nagel. It was directed by Sweet's husband Marshall Neilan. The film is the second motion picture adaptation of the novel by Thomas Hardy which had been turned into a very successful 1897 play starring Mrs. Fiske. In 1913 Adolph Zukor enticed Mrs. Fiske to reprise her role in a film version which is now considered lost. The 1923 version is also considered lost.
 Afterwards is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Lawson Butt and starring Marjorie Hume Julie Suedo and Joseph R. Tozer. It was made at Bushey Studios and based on a novel by Kathlyn Rhodes.
 The Balcony is a 1963 cinematic adaptation of Jean Genet's play The Balcony directed by Joseph Strick. It starred Shelley Winters Peter Falk Lee Grant and Leonard Nimoy. George J. Folsey was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography. Ben Maddow was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award award. The film also credits the photographer Helen Levitt as an assistant director and Verna Fields who subsequently won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing as the sound editor.
 The Big Bust Out is the US title of an Italian women in prison film The Crucified Girls of San Ramon. The US rights were bought by Roger Corman for New World Pictures who cut out 20 minutes for the US release.Roger Corman later said the film was not very good but he managed to make money from it.
 Arasiyal (English: Politics) is an Indian 1997 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Mammootty Shilpa Shirodkar and Roja in lead roles. The film produced by Motherland Movies Internationals had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 12 December 1997 to mixed reviews.
 Paper Marriage (Chinese: Gwoh Bo San Neung) is a 1988 Hong Kong film directed by Alfred Cheung and starring Sammo Hung and Maggie Cheung.
 The Brotherhood III: Young Demons is the third of the Brotherhood series of homoerotic horror films that started with The Brotherhood directed by David DeCoteau and was released in 2003.
 Drumsticks (Marathi: Shevagyachya Shenga) is a 1955 Indian film directed by Shantaram Athavale. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Intruder (Spanish: Intruso) is a 1993 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda. It stars Victoria Abril Imanol Arias and Antonio Valero. The film is a psychological thriller. A middle class woman torn between her love for her spouse and her ill ex-husband both of them were her childhood friends. Intruso received five nominations to the Goya Awards in 1994 including Best picture.
 The Conjugal Bed (Italian: L'ape regina) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Ferreri. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival where Marina Vlady won the award for Best Actress.
 Manushya Mrugam (Malayalam: മനുഷ്യമൃഗം) is a 2011 Malayalam mystery film written directed by and starring Baburaj. It is not an adaptation of the 1980 Malayalam film with the same title starring Jayan. The story is about sexual exploitation of young girls. The cast also includes Kiran Oviya and Prithviraj. The film has been scripted by the director himself. Music is by Sayan Anwar while the lyrics have been penned by Vayalar Sarath Chandra Varma.
 The Loveless is a 1982 drama outlaw biker film written and directed by Kathryn Bigelow and Monty Montgomery. It is an independent film and stars Willem Dafoe and musician Robert Gordon who also did the music for the film.
 The Net (U.S. Project M7) is a 1953 British film made by Two Cities Films directed by Anthony Asquith and starring James Donald Phyllis Calvert Robert Beatty and Herbert Lom. The film is set in the world of aviation research and was based on the novel of the same name by John Pudney.
 MVP: Most Valuable Primate is a 2000 feature film that sparked the MVP franchise. The film's title character Jack is a chimpanzee.
 From Russia with Love is the second James Bond film made by Eon Productions and the second to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Released in 1963 the film was produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman and directed by Terence Young. It is based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. In the film James Bond is sent to assist in the defection of Soviet consulate clerk Tatiana Romanova in Turkey where SPECTRE plans to avenge Bond's killing of Dr.
 En carne vive is a 1954 Argentine film directed by Enrique Cahen Salaberry and starring Alberto Closas and Ana Mariscal.
 Out West is the 99th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Let's Do It Again is a 1975 film starring Sidney Poitier Bill Cosby and Jimmie Walker plus an all star black cast. The film directed by Poitier is about blue-collar workers who decide to rig a boxing match to raise money for their fraternal lodge.
 La Guita is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Mon Je Kore Uru Uru(English: My Heart wants to fly away) is a 2010 Bengali romantic comedy film directed by Sujit Guha. It was produced under the banner of Surinder Films. This film stars Hiran Chatterjee and Koel Mallick in lead roles and Biswajit Chakraborty Supriyo Dutta Laboni Sarkar Saurav Nandi and N.K Shalil in supporting ones.
 I Am Cuba (Spanish: Soy Cuba; Russian: Я Куба Ya Kuba) is a 1964 Soviet-Cuban film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov at Mosfilm. The film was not received well by either the Russian or Cuban public and was almost completely forgotten until it was re-discovered by filmmakers in the United States thirty years later.
 Amityville: It's About Time (originally Amityville 1992: It's About Time) is the sixth installment to the Amityville Horror saga. It was released direct-to-video in 1992 by Republic Pictures Home Video. Lionsgate Home Entertainment and FremantleMedia North America released the film to DVD with the 1992 removed from the title in July 2005.
 Bad Bush is a 2009 Australian psychological thriller film. Starring Chris Sadrinna from television soap Home and Away and Jeremy Lindsay Taylor from Sea Patrol and featuring Viva Bianca from Spartacus: Blood and Sand in her debut feature film the film is based on the real-life story centred on a young woman with her baby alone with a crazed man on a property.The film was mostly made at Mangrove Mountain and Somersby on the Central Coast New South Wales.
 Jack & Diane is a 2012 American romantic horror film written and directed by Bradley Rust Gray and starring Riley Keough and Juno Temple. Olivia Thirlby and Ellen Page were originally cast for the lead roles in 2008 before the project was postponed.
 An Inconvenient Truth 2 is a 3-episode TV series that was first transmitted on the Community Channel in the UK on December 7 14 and 21 2011.In March 2012 a 71 minute edit of the TV series was distributed digitally as a pay per view event worldwide by Gaiam TV under the name 'A Green Truth' across a number of online platforms.In September 2012 a 52 minute theatrical cut was screened in two UK cinemas The Bacon Theatre in Cheltenham UK and York Picturehouse Citiscreen in York UK.
 Detachment is a 2011 American drama film about the high school education system directed by Tony Kaye starring Adrien Brody with an ensemble supporting cast.
 Der Herr im Haus is a 1940 German film directed by Heinz Helbig.The film is also known as A Man in the House (Belgian English title) and The Landlord in Australia.
 Amaravathi (Tamil: அமராவதி) is a 1993 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film featured debutants Ajith Kumar and Sanghavi in the lead role and released in May 1993 to a positive response at the box office.
 The Executioner (Hangul: 망나니; RR: Mangnani) is a 1975 South Korean film directed by Byun Jang-ho later remade as I Will Survive.
 Silandhi (English: Spider) is a 2008 Tamil film.While thriller as a genre finds few takers in Tamil cinema (remember Akku?) Silandhi is an attempt to reopen the topic. The movie defies the rules of Tamil cinema running only to 100 minutes (although not without songs). A commendable attempt though. However there are no excuses for trying an overused and tawdry storyline.
 Onnu Muthal Poojyam Vare (1986) is a Malayalam language drama film written and directed by Reghunath Paleri and starring Asha Jayaram Geethu Mohandas and Mohanlal. The film explores the loneliness of a widow and the need of a father figure for her daughter.
 Moving Day is a Canadian comedy film released in 2012.
 Here's Your Life (Swedish: Här har du ditt liv) is a 1966 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Troell based on the second of Eyvind Johnson's semi-autobiographical series of four novels Romanen om Olof about a working-class boy growing up in northern Sweden.
 Uppi Dada M.B.B.S. is a 2006 Kannada film directed by D. Rajendra Babu. The film is the official remake of the Hindi film Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.. The film starred Upendra Uma and Ananth Nag in lead roles. The music is composed by R. P. Patnaik.
 The Eagle and the Hawk (1933) is an aerial war film starring Fredric March and Cary Grant as World War I Royal Air Force fighter pilots. The supporting cast includes Jack Oakie and Carole Lombard. March gave an outstanding performance as a pilot who cracks under the strain of war. Aerial scenes are brief but realistic.
 The Garden of Sinners: A Study in Murder – Part 2 (空の境界 第七章 殺人考察（後） Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Nanashō: Satsujin Kōsatsu (Go)) is a 2009 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the seventh installment in the series preceded by Oblivion Recording (2008) and followed by a sequel Future Gospel (2013).
 Civilisées (A Civilized People or Al Mutahaddirat) is a 1999 French- and Arabic-language film directed and written by Randa Chahal Sabag a renowned Lebanese film maker and screen writer.
 A Tale of Two Worlds is a 1921 silent film drama produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures and directed by Frank Lloyd. The film stars several well-known actors including Leatrice Joy Wallace Beery Edythe Chapman and J. Frank Glendon. The film has been preserved at the Library of Congress.
 On_Line is a 2002 American drama film directed by Jed Weintrob and executive produced by Richard D. Titus and Tavin Marin Titus. The film was selected to world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival and was released theatrically on DVD and television worldwide.
 The Last Mercenary is a 1968 Spanish/West German/Italian international co-production of a modern day Western. It was directed by Mel Welles who was uncredited for financial funding reasons. The film was shot in Rio de Janeiro and Spain.
 Action Man: X-Missions - The Movie (also simply known as Action Man: X-Missions) is a 2005 direct-to-video CGI film distributed by Paramount Home Entertainment and based on the Hasbro toy line; Action Man. It is the sequel to the 2004 film Action Man: Robot Atak. The film was directed by Dale Carman and Keith Lango.
 Rest Stop: Dead Ahead is the first direct-to-video horror film released by Warner Studios' Raw Feed imprint on October 17 2006. It was written and directed by John Shiban.The plot involves a girl who is terrorized by a deranged serial killer while on a cross country road trip to California.
 The Wicker Man is a 2006 American horror film written and directed by Neil LaBute and starring Nicolas Cage. The film is primarily a remake of the 1973 British cult classic The Wicker Man but also draws from its source material David Pinner's 1967 novel Ritual. Cage dedicated this film to his friend Johnny Ramone the guitarist of the band The Ramones who died 2 years earlier.
 Yugant (English: What the Sea Said) is a 1995 Bengali movie directed by Aparna Sen. The movie featured Anjan Dutt and Rupa Ganguly.
 The Small One is a 1978 animated Christmas short film created by Walt Disney Productions and was originally released to theaters in the United States by Buena Vista Distribution Company before the 1978 re-release of Pinocchio.
 Bitter Rice (Italian: Riso Amaro) is a 1949 Italian film made by Lux Film written and directed by Giuseppe De Santis. Produced by Dino De Laurentiis starring Silvana Mangano Raf Vallone Doris Dowling and Vittorio Gassman Bitter Rice was a commercial success in Europe and America. It was a product of the Italian neorealism style.The film was nominated for the 1950 Academy Award for Best Story. It was also entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 My Left Breast is a 2002 Canadian documentary film produced by Pope Productions and directed and filmed by filmmaker Gerry Rogers and her partner Peg Norman. The film documents Rogers' experience being diagnosed with and treated for breast cancer.The film screened in 2001 at the Dallas OUT TAKES Lesbian and Gay Film Festivall and received a 2001 Gemini Award for 'Best History/Biography Documentary Program'.
 The Devil Horse (1932) is a Mascot movie serial starring Harry Carey and Noah Beery Sr.
 Zotz! is a 1962 fantasy/comedy film produced and directed by William Castle about a man obtaining magical powers from a god of an ancient civilization. The film is based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Walter Karig.
 Gimme Shelter is a 1970 documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin chronicling the last weeks of The Rolling Stones' 1969 US tour which culminated in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert. The film is named after Gimme Shelter the lead track from the group's 1969 album Let It Bleed. The film was screened at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Majboor is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. It stars Jeetendra Sunny Deol Jaya Prada and Farha Naaz in pivotal roles.
 Pudhukottaiyilirundhu Saravanan (English: Saravanan from Pudukottai) is a 2004 Tamil action romance film written and directed by S. S. Stanley. The film featured Dhanush and newcomer Aparna Pillai in lead roles while Karunas played a supporting role. The music for the film was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja while Krishnakanth produced the venture. The film was released on 14 January 2004 coinciding with Thai Pongal and received an average response commercially and critically.
 Hum Saath-Saath Hain (Hindi: हम साथ साथ हैं; Translated: We Stand United) is a 1999 Indian film written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya. The film was distributed by the home production of Sooraj Barjatya Rajshri Productions. The film stars Salman Khan Karisma Kapoor Saif Ali Khan Tabu Sonali Bendre Mohnish Behl Neelam Kothari and Mahesh Thakur.
 Banaz A Love Story is a 2012 documentary film directed and produced by Deeyah Khan. The film chronicles the life and death of Banaz Mahmod a young British Kurdish woman killed in 2006 in South London on the orders of her family in a so-called honour killing. The film received its UK premiere at the Raindance Film Festival in London September 2012.
 Nee Thodu Kavali (Telugu: నీ తోడు కావాలి) is a 2002 Telugu Love film directed and produced by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao.Under Sampada Creation. Deepak Charmi and Rimi Sen played the lead roles.
 The Brat is a 1919 silent film drama produced by and starring Alla Nazimova and directed by Herbert Blache. The film was released by Metro Pictures who had Nazimova under contract and is based on Maude Fulton's 1917 Broadway play in which she starred. Remade in 1931 in sound with Sally O'Neil. The film is lost.
 10000 Hours is a 2013 Filipino action film directed by Joyce Bernal. The film stars Robin Padilla as a Philippine senator forced to go on the run.
 Spook is a 1988 Australian film about a family who goes on a getaway and is attached by something dangerous in the forest.
 The Internecine Project is a 1974 British espionage thriller film written by Mort W. Elkind Barry Levinson and Jonathan Lynn directed by Ken Hughes and starring James Coburn and Lee Grant. Set in London in the early 1970s it tells the story of former secret agent Robert Elliot who is being promoted to a government advisor.
 Simone (stylised as S1m0ne) is a 2002 science-fiction romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Andrew Niccol. It stars Al Pacino Catherine Keener Rachel Roberts Evan Rachel Wood Winona Ryder and Rebecca Romijn.
 Jao Sok Jao Sanh is a 2006 Cambodian legendary film starring Sovann Makura and Duch Sophea.
 Teddy at the Throttle (1917) is a silent film starring Bobby Vernon and Gloria Swanson.
 Iqbal (Hindi: इक़्बाल) is a 2005 Hindi Bollywood film written by Vipul K Rawal and directed by Nagesh Kukunoor and was released under Subhash Ghai's new banner Mukta Searchlight Films.The story follows a cricket-obsessed boy from a remote Indian village as he aims to overcome his difficulties and become a cricketer and fulfil his dream of playing for the Indian national cricket team.
 The Man Who Came Back is a 1931 American drama film directed by Raoul Walsh starring Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell. The movie was adapted to screen by Edwin J. Burke from the play by Jules Eckert Goodman. Gaynor and Farrell made almost a dozen films together including Frank Borzage's classics Seventh Heaven (1927) Street Angel (1928) and Lucky Star (1929); Gaynor won the first Academy Award for Best Actress for the first two and F. W. Murnau's Sunrise (1927).
 Gods of the Plague (German: Götter der Pest) is a 1970 West German black-and-white drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
 Caught Inside is a 2010 Australian thriller directed by Adam Blaiklock and produced by Paul S. Freidman. The film stars Peter Phelps Harry Cook Ben Oxenbould & Daisy Betts; Damien Wyvill as the cinematographer. Caught Inside was also produced under the names Locked In and The Hedonist.
 Il Grido (English: The Cry) is a 1957 Italian black-and-white drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Steve Cochran Alida Valli Betsy Blair and Dorian Gray. Based on a story by Antonioni the film is about a man who wanders aimlessly away from his town away from the woman he loved and becomes emotionally and socially inactive.
 The Isle of Lost Ships is a 1929 talking film released in an alternative silent version with a prerecorded track of effects and music. It was produced by Richard A. Rowland and First National Pictures and distributed by First National. Irvin Willat was the director with Jason Robards Sr. and Virginia Valli in the leads. It is based on The Isle of Dead Ships by Crittenden Marriott and is also a remake of Maurice Tourneur's now lost 1923 classic. This film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Dobrynya Nikitich and Dragon Gorynych (Russian: Добрыня Никитич и Змей Горыныч Dobrynya Nikitich i Zmey Gorynych) is a Russian traditionally-animated feature film directed by Ilya Maksimov made by Melnitsa Animation Studio. It opened in Russia on March 15 2006. It is the second film in Melnitsa's 3 bogatyrs series (the first was Alyosha Popovich and Tugarin Zmey).The film opened at #2 in the box office in Russia and the CIS and grossed around $3500000.[1]
 Crime of the Century is a 1946 American crime drama directed by Philip Ford.
 Princess Arete (アリーテ姫 Arīte Hime) (also Princess Arite) is a 2001 animated film released by Japanese animation studio Studio 4°C based on Diana Coles's 1983 story The Clever Princess. The film is a non-traditional approach to the standard tales of fairy tale princesses and it is known in Japan as one of the most successful animated feminist works.
 Parting Glances is an American film shot in 1984 and released in 1986. With its realistic look at urban gay life in the Ronald Reagan era and at the height of the AIDS crisis many film critics consider it an important movie in the history of gay cinema. It was also one of the first American films to address the AIDS/HIV pandemic. First-time director Bill Sherwood died of complications due to AIDS in 1990 without ever completing another film.
 Go Goa Gone is a 2013 Hindi zombie comedy film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. It is a landmark film in the sense that it was the first zombie film and the first slacker comedy in Bollywood. The film features Saif Ali Khan Kunal Khemu Vir Das Puja Gupta and Anand Tiwari. It was released on 10 May 2013 generating a lot of buzz because of the freshness of the subject and was declared a Flop at the box office.
 Spirit is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by Ranjith. The film primarily focuses on the increasing habits of alcoholism in Kerala. It stars Mohanlal Kaniha and Shankar Ramakrishnan in the lead roles while Madhu Lena Abhilash Nandu Kalpana and Thilakan play notable supporting roles. The film released on 14 June to mixed to positive critical reviews.
 Bindhaast (Devnagari: बिनधास्त English:Carefree) is a 1999 thriller Marathi film directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni and produced by Machindra Chate of Chate Coaching Classes.The film is known for its all-women cast.
 Professori Uuno D.G. Turhapuro is a Finnish 1975 comedy film written by Spede Pasanen and directed by Ere Kokkonen. It is the second film in the Uuno Turhapuro series.
 Decision Before Dawn is a 1951 American war film directed by Anatole Litvak starring Richard Basehart Oskar Werner and Hans Christian Blech. It tells the story of the American Army using potentially unreliable German prisoners of war to gather intelligence in the closing days of World War II. The film was adapted by Jack Rollens (uncredited) and Peter Viertel from the novel Call It Treason by George Howe.It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Film Editing and Best Picture.
 'Chintoo (Marathi Film) is the feature film version of the comic character Chintoo and his gang which was released on 18 May 2012 produced by Indian Magic Eye Motion Pictures Pvt. Ltd.. The film opened to a delightful critical and commercial response and was widely appreciated by the younger audiences. The film directed by Shrirang Godbole has Shubhankar Atre playing the lead character of Chintoo. Actors like Subodh Bhave Vibhawari Deshpande and others played the supporting characters.
 Orders (original title: Les Ordres known in the United States as: Orderers) is a 1974 Quebec historical drama film about the incarceration of innocent civilians during the 1970 October Crisis and the War Measures Act enacted by the Canadian government of Pierre Trudeau. It is the second film by director Michel Brault. It features entertainer and Senator Jean Lapointe.The film tells the story of five of those incarcerated civilians.
 Grave of the Fireflies is a live-action TV drama of Grave of the Fireflies made by NTV in Japan. It was produced in commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the end of World War II. The drama aired on November 1 2005. Like the anime the live-action version of Grave of the Fireflies focuses on two siblings struggling to survive the final days of the war in Kobe Japan.
 Mull Kireedom is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Slingshot Hip Hop is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jackie Reem Salloum which traces the history and development of Palestinian hip hop in the Palestinian territories from the time DAM pioneered the art form in the late 1990s. It braids together the stories of young Palestinian artists living in Gaza the West Bank and inside Israel as they discover Hip Hop and employ it as a tool to surmount divisions imposed by occupation and poverty.
 The Sound of One Hand Clapping is a 1998 Australian drama film directed by Richard Flanagan based on the novel of the same name. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival. The film was shot in Hobart Tasmania.
 Free Samples is a 2012 American independent comedy starring Jess Weixler and Jesse Eisenberg. The film was the directorial debut of Jay Gammill and the writing debut of Jim Beggarly.
 American Pie Presents: Beta House is a 2007 American teen comedy film released by Universal Pictures. It is the third spin-off to American Pie film series franchise and a sequel to the second spin-off American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile (2006). John White stars as Erik Stifler a college freshman who pledges the Beta House fraternity led by his cousin Dwight Stifler (Steve Talley).
 Plan 10 from Outer Space (1994) is a low budget science fiction film starring Karen Black and written and directed by Trent Harris. The film is a surreal satire of Mormon theology. The film has no connection to Plan 9 from Outer Space other than its title.This film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 1994 in the midnight madness category. It also received the jury prize at the Raindance Film Festival in London in 1994.
 Do Qaidi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap starring Govinda Sanjay Dutt Farah and Neelam Kothari.
 Involuntary (Swedish: De ofrivilliga) is a 2008 Swedish film directed by Ruben Östlund described as a tragic comedy or comic tragedy. It features five parallel stories with human group behaviour as the common theme. The film is notable for its long takes with no cuts within the scenes. This is related to Östlund's background as a skiing film director where a cut would only indicate failure. The longest scene lasts for seven minutes.The film received mainly positive reviews.
 American Girl is a 2002 American film directed by Jordan Brady starring Jena Malone Michelle Forbes Brad Renfro Alicia Witt and Erik von Detten. The film premiered on October 16 2002 at the Austin Film Festival. It was later released to DVD on January 11 2005 under the title Confessions of an American Girl.
 The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army (ウルトラ6兄弟VS怪獣軍団 Urutora Roku Kyōdai tai Kaijū Gundan) known in Thailand as Hanuman vs. 7 Ultraman (หนุมาน พบ 7 ยอดมนุษย์ - Hanuman pob Jed Yodmanud) is a tokusatsu SF/kaiju/superhero film produced in 1974 by Tsuburaya Productions of Japan and Chaiyo Productions of Thailand. It was released theatrically in Japan on March 17 1979.
 Iron Earth Copper Sky (Turkish: Yer Demir Gök Bakır) is a 1987 German-Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Zülfü Livaneli based on the novel of the same name by Yaşar Kemal featuring Rutkay Aziz as a simple villager elevated to sainthood status while still alive.
 Here Comes the Groom is a 1951 musical romantic comedy film produced and directed by Frank Capra and starring Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman. Based on a story by Robert Riskin and Liam O'Brien the film is about a foreign correspondent who has five days to win back his former fiancée or he'll lose the orphans he adopted. The film was released in the United States by Paramount Pictures on September 20 1951.
 Pink Sweat is a 2009 American music video directed by Lara Everly written by Lara Everly and Jonny K. The short film was nominated for Best Original Song at the DC Shorts Film Festival won Best Editing in the 2010 Mockfest Awards and was featured on the home page of funny or die. The original music of the video was recorded by Makio Haywood and the vocals were recorded by AlanBernhoft.
 El Negro que tenía el alma blanca is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Fukrey (meaning 'slacker' or 'worthless' in north Indian/Punjabi dialect) is a 2013 Indian coming of age comedy film directed by Mrighdeep Singh Lamba and starring Pulkit Samrat Varun Sharma Ali Fazal Manjot Singh Richa Chadda Vishakha Singh and Priya Anand in the lead roles. The story and dialogues are written by Vipul Vig and the screenplay was written by Vig and Lamba. Produced under the Excel Entertainment banner the film was released on 14 June 2013.
 Graveyard Shift (also titled Central Park Drifter) is a 1987 Canadian horror film written and directed by Jerry Ciccoritti and starring Michael A. Miranda (billed as Silvio Oliviero) and Helen Papas. The film was originally entitled Graveyard Shift but when the film was released to video the title was changed to Central Park Drifter (IMDB info).
 The Wings of Eagles is a 1957 Metrocolor film starring John Wayne based on the true story of Frank Spig Wead and the history of U.S. Naval aviation from its inception through World War II.
 Chudiyan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Blood & Orchids is a 1986 made-for-TV crime-drama film. Written for the screen by Norman Katkov it was an adaptation of Katkov's own novel which in turn was inspired by the 1932 Massie Trial in Honolulu Hawaii. It was typical of many crime dramas produced during the period.
 Broken Path/Broken Fist/Attack Of The Yakuza is a Martial Arts Action film starring Power Rangers alumni Johnny Yong Bosch and Daniel Southworth. The film is directed by Koichi Sakamoto with the help of his Alpha Stunts Team.
 Song of Freedom is a 1936 British film starring Paul Robeson.One of two elements pivotal to the plot is an opera composer named Gabriel Donizetti presumably suggested by the historical opera composer Gaetano Donizetti. The other is a medallion that serves to identify Robeson's character as a descendant of an African monarch.Song of Freedom may best represent the opportunity Robeson was looking for to give a true picture of many aspects of the life of the coloured man in the West.
 Struck by Lightning is a 2012 coming-of-age comedy-drama film written by and starring Chris Colfer also based on his novel and directed by Brian Dannelly. After high school senior Carson Phillips is struck by lightning and killed in his high-school parking lot he recounts the way he blackmailed his classmates into contributing to his literary magazine.The film had its world premiere at the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival on April 21 2012.
 In This Tricky Life (Spanish: En la puta vida) is a 2001 Uruguayan film directed by Beatriz Flores Silva. It was Uruguay's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. The film was awarded the Colón de Oro at the Festival de Cine Iberoamericano de Huelva.
 Tarzan and the Slave Girl is a 1950 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan Vanessa Brown as Jane and Robert Alda as big game hunter Neil. It was directed by Lee Sholem. The plot involves a lost civilization in Africa a strange illness and an evil counselor manipulating a prince into kidnapping large numbers of local women.The film was Barker's second portrayal of Tarzan and Vanessa Brown's only outing as Jane.
 Greenkeeping is a 1992 Australian film directed by David Caesar.
 Los reyes del volante is a 1965 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina.
 The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday (Italy:La famiglia Brambilla in vacanza) is a 1941 Italian comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Cesco Baseggio Massimo Girotti and Elena Luber. A middle-class Milanese family go on holiday.
 Running Free is a 2000 film about a horse born into slavery in 1914. The film began production in 1999 and was released in the US in 2000. It was directed by Sergei Bodrov written and produced by Jean-Jacques Annaud and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 The Color of Friendship is a 2000 television film based on actual events about the friendship between two girls; Mahree & Piper one from the United States and the other from apartheid South Africa who learn about tolerance and friendship. The film was directed by Kevin Hooks based on a script by Paris Qualles and stars Lindsey Haun and Shadia Simmons.
 The Storm Riders is a 1998 Hong Kong film based on the manhua series Fung Wan by artist Ma Wing-shing. Directed by Andrew Lau it starred Ekin Cheng as Wind and Aaron Kwok as Cloud. The plot involves two children Whispering Wind and Striding Cloud who become powerful warriors under the evil Lord Conqueror's tutelage. The sequel to the film titled The Storm Warriors and directed by the Pang brothers was released in 2009.
 The Emperor's New Clothes is a 1966 Florida short film directed by Bob Clark and based on the fairy tale of the same name and featured John Carradine.
 One True Love is a 2008 Philippine romantic film directed by Mac Alejandre starring Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera with Iza Calzado. The film was released in the Philippines on November 19 2008.
 Police Academy 3: Back in Training is a 1986 comedy film directed by Jerry Paris. It is the third film and the second of the six sequels of the Police Academy film series.
 The Hawk's Nest was a 1928 American film directed by Benjamin Christensen. It is believed to be lost. It was released by First National Pictures and stars husband and wife Milton Sills and Doris Kenyon.
 Léto s kovbojem Summer With a Cowboy in English is a 1976 Czechoslovak film directed by Ivo Novák. It starred Daniela Kolářová Jaromír Hanzlík and Oldřich Vízner.
 Melevaryathe Malakhakkuttikal (Malayalam: മേലേവാര്യത്തെ മാലാഖക്കുട്ടികൾ) is a 2000 Malayalam language film directed by Thulasidas starring Balachandra Menon Geetha Abhirami and Jomol in major roles.
 The Feud and the Turkey is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Bond is a propaganda film created by Charlie Chaplin at his own expense for the Liberty Loan Committee for theatrical release to help sell U.S. Liberty Bonds during World War I. Made in 1918 with Edna Purviance Albert Austin and Sydney Chaplin the film has a distinctive visual motif set in a simple plain black set with starkly lit simple props and arrangements.
 His Majesty's Lieutenant (German:Der Leutnant Ihrer Majestät) is a 1929 German silent romance film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Iván Petrovich Agnes Esterhazy and Georg Alexander.
 The Eleven Schill Officers (German: Die elf Schillschen Offiziere) is a 1932 German historical film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Friedrich Kayßler Hertha Thiele and Heinz Klingenberg. It was a remake of a 1926 silent film of the same name which had also been directed by Meinert. The film depicts the failed 1809 uprising of Prussian soldiers led by Ferdinand von Schill against the occupying French.
 Neelambari is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Harinarayanan starring Vineeth Anoop Menon. and Bhama.The story revolves around the lives of two bosom friends Parvathy and Lekshmi. Their friendship a love triangle and subsequent traumas form the crux of the movie.
 Upaharam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Kaamyab is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Yesh Chauhaan starring Jeetendra Shabana Azmi and south actress Radha in lead roles.
 Dream Slashers is a low-budget horror movie that was a straight to DVD release in 2007. Filmed under the title Choppers Dream Slashers was filmed in Los Angeles Palm Springs and the Salton Sea.
 The Art of the Steal is a 2009 documentary film about the alleged theft of what is generally considered to be the world's best collection of post-Impressionist art (valued in 2009 at least $25-billion) theft by the second and later generations of the foundation's board after the Pew Trust Annenberg Foundation and Philadelphia politicians including Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell violated the clear intent of the written will of the collector and owner Doctor Albert C. Barnes.
 Air Bud: Spikes Back is the fifth and final film in the original Air Bud series. The film series itself was followed by a spin-off series: the Air Buddies franchise. It was released on June 24 2003 as a direct to video sequel.
 A Further Gesture is a 1997 film directed by Robert Dornhelm. It stars Stephen Rea and Alfred Molina and had its première at the 12th Dublin Film Festival on 4 March 1997. It is also known as The Break.
 Orson Welles' Magic Show is an unfinished television special by Orson Welles filmed between 1976 and 1985. In it Welles performs various magic tricks for the camera promising that no trick photography is used.Welles had a lifelong interest in magic having been taught his first magic tricks by Harry Houdini in the 1920s when Welles was still a boy.
 Sandy the Reluctant Nudist is a nudist film from England which was produced by Michael Deeley. His girlfriend wrote the script and his mother did continuity.It is also known as The Reluctant Nudist or Sandy the Reluctant Nature Girl.
 Papam Pasivadu (Telugu: పాపం పసివాడు) is a 1972 Telugu film directed by V. Ramachandra Rao. It is remake of South African film Lost in the Desert (Dirkie) (1969) directed by Jamie Uys.
 Suryakanthi is a 2010 Indian Kannada language movie directed by K.M. Chaitanya of Aa Dinagalu fame. It stars Chetan Kumar Regina Cassandra Nassar. The music is scored by maestro Illayaraja.
 Ultimo mondo cannibale (1977; English: Last Cannibal World also known as Jungle Holocaust) is a cannibal exploitation film directed by Ruggero Deodato which stars Massimo Foschi Me Me Lai and Ivan Rassimov.
 Once Were Warriors is a 1994 film based on New Zealand author Alan Duff's bestselling 1990 first novel. The film tells the story of an urban Māori family the Hekes and their problems with poverty alcoholism and domestic violence mostly brought on by family patriarch Jake. It was directed by Lee Tamahori and stars Rena Owen and Temuera Morrison.
 Dream with the Fishes is a 1997 film directed by Finn Taylor. The film is Taylor's directorial debut.
 Strangerland is an upcoming Australian-Irish drama thriller film directed by Kim Farrant and written by Michael Kinirons and Fiona Seres. The film stars Nicole Kidman Joseph Fiennes and Hugo Weaving.
 The Final Kiss also known as Blood on the Guitar is a 2005 drama film that was directed by Scott Shaw.
 The Sorrows of Satan (1926) is a silent film by D. W. Griffith based on the novel The Sorrows of Satan by Marie Corelli. At this point in his career Griffith had given up his independent filmmaker status by joining Paramount Pictures.A previous version of Corelli's story had been filmed in England during World War I. Reportedly Griffith did not want to do this project but as his first Paramount assignment he was not given a choice.
 Ip Man 2 is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun. A sequel to the 2008 film Ip Man Ip Man 2 was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen who reprises the leading role. Continuing after the events of the earlier film the sequel centers on Ip's movements in Hong Kong which is under British colonial rule.
 Turn the Key Softly is a 1953 British drama film directed by Jack Lee and starring Yvonne Mitchell Joan Collins Kathleen Harrison and Terence Morgan. Lee and producer Maurice Cowan also wrote the screenplay based on the novel of the same name by John Brophy dealing with the first 24 hours of freedom for three women released on probation from prison on the same morning.
 Shadow Dancer is a 2012 British-Irish drama film directed by James Marsh and based on the novel of the same name by Tom Bradby who also wrote the film's script. The film premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and was screened out of competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2012.
 Uthiripookkal is a 1979 Tamil drama film directed by J. Mahendran based on Pudhumaipithan's short story Chitrannai. It stars Vijayan Ashwini Mathumalini and Sarath Babu. The film's soundtrack and background score was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Cinematography was handled by Ashok Kumar while B. Lenin made his debut as an independent editor through this film. The film has been critically acclaimed and considered a landmark film in Tamil cinema.
 How Green Was My Valley is a 1941 drama film directed by John Ford. The film based on the 1939 Richard Llewellyn novel was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and scripted by Philip Dunne. The film features Walter Pidgeon Maureen O'Hara Anna Lee Donald Crisp and Roddy McDowall.
 Almanya – Welcome to Germany (German: Almanya – Willkommen in Deutschland) (Almanya is Turkish for Germany) is a 2011 German comedy film directed by Yasemin Şamdereli. The film premiered at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival in the section competition and won the Deutscher Filmpreis 2011 in the categories Best Script and Best Film.
 The Secret of The Purple Reef is a 1960 - 20th Century Fox film based on a novel by Dorothy Cottrell entitled The Silent Reefs. It starred soon-to-be-famous actors Richard Chamberlain and Peter Falk.
 Storm over Mont Blanc (German: Stürme über dem Mont Blanc) is a 1930 German film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Leni Riefenstahl Sepp Rist and Ernst Udet. The film is about a man who works alone at the Mont Blanc weather station gathering data. His only contact with the world below is via Morse code signals. He is joined by a woman friend who helps him survive a terrible storm over the mountain.
 Alyah is a 2012 French drama film directed by Elie Wajeman.
 Protected is a 1975 documentary film narrated by Don Brady and Sydney born producer Robert Hughes. The film was directed by Alessandro Cavadini. It was an exposé of the ill-treatment of Aboriginal workers by white men.
 Flight from Folly is a 1945 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Mason (in his last directorial credit before moving into production) and starring Patricia Kirkwood and Hugh Sinclair with music from Edmundo Ros and his famous Rumba Band. Kirkwood had appeared in minor roles in four films between 1938 and 1940 before focussing her career on the West End stage where she had become a major star during the war years.
 The School for Scandal is a 1923 British silent comedy film directed by Bertram Phillips and starring Queenie Thomas Frank Stanmore and Basil Rathbone. It is an adaptation of the play The School for Scandal by Richard Brinsley Sheridan.
 I Live My Life is a 1935 American comedy-drama film starring Joan Crawford Brian Aherne and Frank Morgan and is based on the story Claustrophobia by A. Carter Goodloe.
 Opernball (Opera Ball) is a 1998 made-for-TV movie by Urs Egger based on a 1995 novel by Austrian writer Josef Haslinger in which thousands of people are killed in a Neo-Nazi terrorist attack taking place during the Vienna Opera Ball. The film starred Heiner Lauterbach Franka Potente Frank Giering Caroline Goodall Gudrun Landgrebe and Désirée Nosbusch.
 Bharatham (Malayalam: ഭരതം) is a 1991 musical-drama Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Mohanlal under the banner of Pranavam Arts. It stars Mohanlal Urvashi Nedumudi Venu Lakshmi and Murali in the main roles. The film is especially known for its music that is largely Carnatic Classical and Semi Classical. The songs were composed by M. Raveendran.Bharatham is interpreted as a modern day adaptation of the Ramayana from Bharath's perspective.
 Unnai Ninaithu (English: Thinking About You) is a film starring Surya Laila and Sneha. This film was later remade in Telugu as Cheppave Chirugali in 2004.
 Carmen: A Hip Hopera is a 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend. The film stars Beyoncé Knowles in her debut acting role (though erroneously Austin Powers in Goldmember is often credited as such) Mos Def Rah Digga Wyclef Jean Mekhi Phifer Da Brat Joy Bryant Jermaine Dupri and Lil' Bow Wow.
 Hey Boy! Hey Girl! is a 1959 film directed by David Lowell Rich. It stars Louis Prima and Keely Smith.
 The Red Kebaya is a 2006 Malaysian period drama film released by Golden Screen Cinemas directed by Oliver Knott and produced by Andre Berly and Ramli Hassan. The film premiered in Malaysian cinemas on November 23 2006 and is rated PG13.
 Seacoal (1985) is a British docudrama film about the harsh industrialised beach of Lynemouth Northumberland and the local residents of the Lynemouth traveller camp. The film stars many of the local travellers as themselves and many well known north-east actors such as Sammy Johnson.
 Sardar is a 1955 Indian film directed by Gyan Mukherjee.
 Waiting for Fidel is a documentary film from the National Film Board of Canada in which Joey Smallwood former Premier of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador; Newfoundland media mogul Geoff Stirling; and director Michael Rubbo document their visit to Cuba in an unsuccessful attempt to interview Fidel Castro.
 The Day the Clown Cried is an unreleased 1972 film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It is based on a script of the same name by Joan O'Brien who had co-written the original script with Charles Denton ten years previously. The film was met with controversy regarding its premise and content which features a circus clown who is imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp.
 Heat is a 1996 Australian TV movie about a solicitor who heads to the bush.
 Specter is the first Tokusatsu short film created by Konami. The film itself made its appearance in conventions and shows to promote the film of 2005. The movie itself never made international release but found its way through the internet. During display shows the Specter motorbike as well as the Specter Turbo Suit was featured. The effects of the film were done by Buildup Co. the same effects company that did the 1998 mecha tokusatsu Dark Soldier D.
 Get Hep to Love is a 1942 musical film starring Gloria Jean Donald O'Connor Jane Frazee Robert Paige and Peggy Ryan. The film was directed by Charles Lamont.
 Beautiful Lesbian Sisters: On the Day of Mourning... (美姉妹レズ　忌中の日に… Bishimai Rezu: Kichū no Hi ni....) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Daisuke Yamanouchi. It won the Best Film 4th Place at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and for her performance in this film Yuria Hidaka was given the Best New Actress award. The noted pink film director Tetsuya Takehora served as Assistant Director on this film.
 Never Been Thawed (sometimes referred to as NBT: Never Been Thawed) is an independent film released in 2005 to a modest amount of media attention. It takes its name from the best condition a frozen entree can be in according to the film's fictional Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast's Club. Never Been Thawed was filmed entirely in the Phoenix Arizona metropolitan area by director Sean Anders on a budget of approximately $35000.
 No Place on Earth is a 2012 Docudrama directed by Janet Tobias. The film was released theatrically in the United States on April 5 2013.In 1993 NYPD officer and caving enthusiast Chris Nicola visited Ukraine to explore the Verteba and Priest's Grotto caves and found evidence that they had recently been inhabited by humans. After discovering that the caves were used by Jews escaping The Holocaust he embarked on a decade-long quest to find survivors.
 Single-Handed is a 1953 war film based on the novel Brown on Resolution by C. S. Forester and (despite being largely set in the Pacific) filmed in the Mediterranean Sea. Jeffrey Hunter stars as a Canadian sailor serving on a British warship who battles single-handedly to delay a German World War II warship long enough for the Royal Navy to bring it to battle. The film was released in the United States as Sailor of the King.
 Modern Virgin (Italian: Vergine moderna) is a 1954 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Ano hata o ute (あの旗を撃て−コレヒドールの最後−) aka Fire on that Flag: The End of Corregidoraka Dawn of Freedom is a 1944 black and white Japanese film directed by Yutaka Abe.
 Murderball is a 2005 American documentary film about tetraplegic (quadriplegic) athletes who play wheelchair rugby. It centers on the rivalry between the Canadian and U.S. teams leading up to the 2004 Paralympic Games. It was directed by Henry Alex Rubin and Dana Adam Shapiro and produced by Jeffrey V. Mandel and Shapiro. It was nominated for Best Documentary Feature for the 78th Academy Awards. Murderball was the first MTV film released through ThinkFilm as well as Participant Media.
 The Predator film series is a science fiction horror film franchise. Produced by 20th Century Fox the series started in 1987 with the film Predator which led to two sequels and novel comic book and video game spin-offs. Related to the franchise are the Alien vs. Predator films which combine the titular Predator with the creatures from the Alien film series.
 Duet for One (1986) is a film adapted from an award-winning British play a two-hander by Tom Kempinski about a world-famous concert violinist named Stephanie Anderson who is suddenly struck with multiple sclerosis. It is set in London and directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. The story is based on the life of cellist Jacqueline du Pré who was diagnosed with MS and her husband conductor Daniel Barenboim and only marginally fictionalized.
 Undercover is a major 1943 war film produced by Ealing Studios in London originally titled Chetnik. It was filmed in Wales and released on July 27 1943. The subject was the Yugoslav guerrilla movement in German-occupied Yugoslavia loosely based on the Draza Mihailovich resistance movement. The movie was produced by Sir Michael Balcon and directed by Sergei Nolbandov.
 Galloping Hoofs is a 1924 American Western film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The film is now considered to be lost.
 33⅓ Revolutions Per Monkee was a television special starring The Monkees that aired on NBC on April 14 1969. Produced by Jack Good (creator of the television series Shindig!) the musical guests on the show included Jerry Lee Lewis Fats Domino Little Richard The Clara Ward Singers The Buddy Miles Express Paul Arnold and The Moon Express and We Three in musical performances.
 Dil Rangeela (Kannada: ದಿಲ್ ರಂಗೀಲ) is an 2014 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film directed and scripted by Preetham Gubbi. The film stars Ganesh Rachita Ram and Priyanka Rao in the lead roles. K. Manju produced the film under his production banner K. Manju Cinemaas. The film marks the return of Ganesh and Gubbi together after their previous film Maleyali Jotheyali (2009).
 For other films with the same name see Sahara.Sahara a 2005 action–comedy adventure film directed by Breck Eisner is based on the best-selling book of the same name by Clive Cussler. It stars Matthew McConaughey Steve Zahn and Penélope Cruz.It opened at number one in the US box office grossing $18 million on its first weekend. From a financial perspective Sahara was unusual because it performed reasonably well generating $122 million in gross box-office sales.
 Zero Focus (ゼロの焦点 Zero no shoten) is a 1961 Japanese mystery film directed by Yoshitaro Nomura and is based on a novel by Seicho Matsumoto.
 Hocus Pocus is a 1993 American horror comedy film directed by Kenny Ortega. It stars Bette Midler Sarah Jessica Parker and Kathy Najimy as a family of witches known as the Sanderson Sisters who are inadvertently resurrected by a cynical teenager named Max (Omri Katz) along with his sister Dani (Thora Birch) and classmate Allison (Vinessa Shaw). Despite receiving negative reviews from critics during its theatrical release the film gained a cult following on home video.
 The Hole (穴 Ana) aka Hole in One aka The Pit is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kon Ichikawa. The genres of the film are comedy and mystery.
 Ma and Pa Kettle Back on the Farm is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick. It is the third installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride.
 Suck is a 2009 rock-and-roll vampire black comedy film starring written and directed by Rob Stefaniuk. Stefaniuk stars alongside Canadian actress Jessica Paré Nicole de Boer (his castmate from the TV series Catwalk) Malcolm McDowell and rock legends Alice Cooper Iggy Pop Henry Rollins and Alex Lifeson of Rush. Production took place in and around Toronto in late 2008.
 Fast Life is a 1932 romantic comedy film starring William Haines and Madge Evans directed by Harry A. Pollard and is based upon the story Let's Go by E.J. Rath.
 Voyage with Jacob (Hungarian: Utazás Jakabbal) is a Hungarian film directed by Pál Gábor. It was released in 1972.
 The Young Doctors is a 1961 film directed by Phil Karlson and starring Ben Gazzara Fredric March Dick Clark Ina Balin Eddie Albert Phyllis Love Aline MacMahon George Segal and Dolph Sweet. The film is based on the 1959 novel The Final Diagnosis by Arthur Hailey. Ronald Reagan was the narrator in the film.
 Cloaca is a 2003 Dutch film directed by Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen. It is a film adaptation of the 2002 theatre play Cloaca written by Maria Goos who wrote the scenario for the film as well. The leading roles celebrate men in their 40s who were formerly student friends but since then have let their relationship go stale. They are played by: Goos's husband Peter Blok (Tom) Pierre Bokma (Pieter) Gijs Scholten van Aschat (Joep) and Jaap Spijkers (Maarten).
 Knocked Up is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama co-produced written and directed by Judd Apatow. The films stars Seth Rogen Katherine Heigl Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann. It follows the repercussions of a drunken one-night stand between Rogen's slacker character and Heigl's just-promoted media personality that results in an unintended pregnancy. A spin-off sequel This Is 40 was released in 2012.
 Amelia is a 2009 biographical film of the life of Amelia Earhart directed by Mira Nair and starring Hilary Swank as Earhart and Richard Gere as husband George Putnam along with Christopher Eccleston and Ewan McGregor. It was written by Ronald Bass and Anna Hamilton Phelan using research from sources including East to the Dawn by Susan Butler and The Sound of Wings by Mary S. Lovell. The film has garnered predominantly negative reviews.
 Imar the Servitor is a 1914 American silent drama film written by Daniel Carson Goodman. The film stars William Garwood.
 Early Spring Story (早春物語 Sōshun Monogatari) is a 1985 Japanese film directed by Shinichirō Sawai.
 History Is Made at Night is a 1937 romantic drama with elements of comedy and spectacle.It deals with a love triangle among a possessive shipping magnate his beautiful wife and a French headwaiter with a spectacular ocean liner as a backdrop.Colin Clive plays the insanely jealous and homicidal husband Bruce Vail. Jean Arthur is his wife Irene and Charles Boyer is Paul the headwaiter with whom she falls in love.The film was produced by Walter Wanger and directed by Frank Borzage.
 In the Wake of the Flood is a 2010 documentary film produced in Canada by director Ron Mann and featuring author Margaret Atwood. The film follows Atwood on her unusual book tour for her novel The Year of the Flood.The film premiered in Canada in October 2010 and will have its U.S. West Coast premiere at the San Francisco Green Film Festival in March 2011.
 Two Yanks in Trinidad is a 1942 American comedy spy film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Pat O'Brien Brian Donlevy and Janet Blair. Two gangsters have a fight over a woman and separately decided to join the US Army. While stationed in Trinidad they join forces to thwart a plan by Nazi agents to smuggle oil out of the island.The film was in production when Pearl Harbour was attacked by the Japanese leading to America's entry into World War II.
 Caterina va in città (English title: Caterina in the Big City) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Paolo Virzì and written by Virzì and Francesco Bruni.
 Odd Obsession (鍵 Kagi lit. The Key) is a 1959 Japanese drama film directed by Kon Ichikawa. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Jury Prize. It was based on the novel The Key by Japanese novelist Junichirō Tanizaki.
 Mr. Reckless is a 1948 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 Fury at Furnace Creek is a 1948 American Western film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Victor Mature Coleen Gray Glenn Langan and Reginald Gardiner.
 The Girl Who Came Late aka Daydream Believer is a 1991 Australian romantic comedy film starring Miranda Otto Martin Kemp and Gia Carides; and directed by Kathy Mueller. Otto was nominated for an Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress in a Lead Role. Otto was later Éowyn in The Lord of the Rings and starred in War of the Worlds.
 The Attic Expeditions (also known as Horror in the Attic) is a 2001 horror film starring Andras Jones and Seth Green with appearances by Alice Cooper and Ted Raimi.
 Black Sunday (Italian: La maschera del demonio; also known as The Mask of Satan and Revenge of the Vampire) is a 1960 Italian gothic horror film directed by Mario Bava from a screenplay by Ennio de Concini Mario Serandrei and Marcello Coscia (who was uncredited). The film stars Barbara Steele John Richardson Arturo Dominici and Ivo Garrani. It was Bava's directorial debut although he had completed several previous feature films without credit.
 El faro (English: The Lighthouse) is a 1998 Argentine and Spanish drama film directed by Eduardo Mignogna. The film is also known in Spain as El faro del Sur.The screenplay was a collaborative effort of Graciela Aguirre José Antonio Félez Eduardo Mignogna and Santiago Carlos Oves. It features Ingrid Rubio Jimena Barón among others. The film won numerous awards including the Goya Awards for Best Foreign Film.
 Think of Me First as a Person is a documentary film and home movie about Dwight Core Jr. a boy with Down syndrome. The footage was originally shot throughout the 1960s and '70s by Core's father Dwight Core Sr. The footage was later discovered and completed by the filmmaker's grandson George Ingmire.The film was first shown at New Orleans' 2006 Home Movie Day.
 The Bastard (悪太郎 Akutarō aka The Young Rebel The Incorrigible One and Bad Boy) is a 1963 Japanese youth film directed by Seijun Suzuki for the Nikkatsu Corporation. It is based on the loosely autobiographical novel of the same name by Toko Kon. Ken Yamanouchi stars as Togo Konno the titular bastard. The film marked Suzuki's first collaboration with production designer Takeo Kimura.
 The Nutty Professor is a 1963 Paramount Pictures comic science fiction feature film produced directed co-written (with Bill Richmond) and starring Jerry Lewis. The score was composed by Walter Scharf. The film is a parody of Robert Louis Stevenson's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.In 2004 The Nutty Professor was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 My Friend Kolka! (Russian: Друг мой Колька; translit. Drug moy Kolka!) is a Soviet 1961 film directed by Aleksei Saltykov and Aleksander Mitta.
 Some Girl is a 1998 American romantic comedy drama film directed by Rory Kelly and written by actress Marissa Ribisi who also appeared in the film.
 Acid Factory is a paranoid thriller Hindi film directed by Suparn Verma under the banner of White Feather Films. The film released on 9 October 2009.
 Fiorenzo il terzo uomo is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Stefano Canzio.
 Kaliyuga Pandavulu(Telugu: కలియుగ పాండవులు) is a 1986 Tollywood film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by D. Ramanaidu. Venkatesh and Khushboo played lead roles in this film.
 Barbary Sheep is a 1917 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Artcraft Pictures an affiliate of Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by Maurice Tourneur and stars Elsie Ferguson in her motion picture debut. This picture is said to have George M. Cohan in his film debut as well. It is a lost film.
 Mansquito also known as Mosquitoman is a 2005 Syfy Pictures original film directed by Tibor Takács and stars Corin Nemec Musetta Vander and Matt Jordon. It shares many similarities with the 1986 adaptation of The Fly and was conceived by Ray Cannella Manager of Program Acquisition for the Syfy Channel. He and other two colleagues began producing films for the channel feeling that they could do better than the films they bought from independent producers.
 Eat and Run is a 1986 American comedy film/science fiction film directed by Christopher Hart with the script by Christopher Hart and Stan Hart. The film starred Ron Silver Sharon Schlarth and R. L. Ryan.
 Wiebo's War is a 2011 Canadian documentary about accused eco-terrorist Wiebo Ludwig directed by David York.Ludwig was first approached by York in 2008. Filming began in late 2008 and continued into 2010 with York living as a guest in the isolated Ludwig family compound in the community of Trickle Creek approximately 450 kilometres northwest of Edmonton.
 Hired redirects here. For the term when entering employment see RecruitmentHired! is a 1940 short film that was made by the Jam Handy production house for Chevrolet as a training film for sales managers. It was shown in two parts during Mystery Science Theater 3000 episodes #423 (Bride of the Monster) and #424 (Manos: The Hands of Fate).
 La grande strada is a 1948 Italian drama film and the last film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.
 Omar the Tentmaker is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by James Young and featuring Boris Karloff. Its survival status is classified as unknown suggesting that it is a lost film.
 Frozen Justice is a 1929 American partially sound drama film with a synchronized soundtrack featuring music and sound effects directed by Allan Dwan. The picture starred Lenore Ulric in her first sound film and is based the 1920 novel Norden For Lov og Ret by Ejnar Mikkelsen. A shorter silent version of the film was also released. The film was set in Nome Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush in 1898 and 1899.Both versions are now presumed lost.
 The Star of Valencia (German: Der Stern von Valencia) is a 1933 German drama film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Liane Haid Peter Erkelenz and Ossi Oswalda. It was made in Mallorca at the same time as a French-language version L'étoile de Valencia directed by Serge de Poligny.
 Hans Christian Andersen is a 1952 Hollywood musical film directed by Charles Vidor with lyrics and music by Frank Loesser. The story was by Myles Connolly screenplay written by Moss Hart and Ben Hecht (uncredited) and Samuel Goldwyn Productions were the producers. It is a fictional romantic story revolving around the life of the famous Danish poet and story-teller Hans Christian Andersen.The film was an international success at the time.
 The Pleasure Seekers is a lost 1920 silent film produced by Selznick Pictures and distributed by the Select Company. It was directed by George Archainbaud and stars Elaine Hammerstein.
 Unbeatable (激戰) is a 2013 Hong Kong–Chinese sports drama film directed by Dante Lam. The film had its premiere at the Shanghai International Film Festival on June 18 2013.
 Loopy De Loop was the only theatrical cartoon short series produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera after leaving MGM and opening their new Hanna-Barbera Studios. The series distributed to theatres by Columbia Pictures ran in theaters from November 5 1959 (1959-11-05) to June 17 1965 (1965-06-17).
 Last Holiday is a 1950 British film featuring Alec Guinness in his sixth starring role. The low-key dark comedy was written and co-produced by J. B. Priestley and directed by Henry Cass featuring irony and wit often associated with Priestley.
 Stop Thief! is a 1901 British short silent drama film directed by James Williamson showing tramp getting his come-uppance after stealing some meat from a butcher and his dogs. One of the first true 'chase' films made not just in Britain but anywhere else according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline.
 Noo Hin: The Movie (Thai: หนูหิ่น เดอะ มูฟวี่) is a 2006 comedy film based on a popular Thai comic book and graphic novel series about a plucky domestic worker from Isan who's working for an upper class family in Bangkok. It was directed by Komgrit Triwimol and co-produced by Nonzee Nimibutr with a screenplay by Kongdej Jaturanarasamee.
 Mission: Impossible vs. the Mob (1968) is the first film based on the television series Mission: Impossible. Released in 1968 it is the merger of two consecutive chapters of the original series which were issued in 1967 and called The Council.The film was only released in parts of Europe.
 Pellaindi Kaani is a Telugu film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana. The film was released in August 2007.
 Les Enfants du Paradis released as Children of Paradise in North America is a 1945 French film directed by Marcel Carné. It was made during the German occupation of France during World War II.
 Kakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal (Malayalam: കാക്കോത്തിക്കാവിലെ അപ്പൂപ്പൻ താടികൾ) is a 1988 Malayalam film directed by Kamal. The film is heroine-oriented in which Revathi and Ambika play the lead roles.
 The Guitar is a 2008 drama film about a woman who decides to pursue her dreams after being diagnosed with a terminal illness. The film was directed by Amy Redford and stars Saffron Burrows Isaach De Bankolé Paz de la Huerta and Richard Short.
 Intensity is a 1997 made-for-TV mini-series based on the novel by Dean Koontz starring John C. McGinley Molly Parker Piper Laurie and Tori Paul. It originally aired in the United States on the Fox Network.
 Day on Fire is an American film which was produced by Lodestar Entertainment and filmed in New York City and Israel in 2006. It is written and directed by Jay Anania stars Academy Award winner Olympia Dukakis Carmen Chaplin Alyssa Sutherland and Martin Donovan and is produced by William Fisch and Larry Rattner.
 Charleen may also refer to Charleen a song by Terminaator.Charleen is an observational documentary film directed and shot by Ross McElwee about his friend and former poetry teacher Charleen Swansea.
 The Idol of Bonanza Camp is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring Harry Van Meter Alexander Gaden and Edna Maison.
 Sadak Chhap is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Anil Ganguly. It stars Jackie Shroff Padmini Kolhapure and Richa Sharma in pivotal roles.
 The Waterfall (Turkish: Şellale) is a 2001 Turkish comedy-drama film written and directed by Semir Aslanyürek about a famous painter returning to his hometown to remember his childhood in a politically divided home just before the 1960 military coup d'état. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on November 16 2001 (2001-11-16) was described by author Rekin Teksoy as a lively fresh look at the director's childhood.
 The Story of Marie and Julien (French: Histoire de Marie et Julien) is a 2003 French drama film directed by Nouvelle Vague film maker Jacques Rivette. The film slowly develops from a drama about blackmail into a dark yet tender supernatural love story between Marie and Julien played by Emmanuelle Béart and Jerzy Radziwiłowicz. Anne Brochet plays the blackmailed Madame X. Béart had previously worked with Rivette in La Belle Noiseuse as had Radziwiłowicz in Secret défense.
 Suddilage Kathaawa (English: The Story of Suddi) is a 1984 Sri Lankan film directed by Dharmasiri Bandaranayake. The film was based on the novel by reputed writer Simon Navagattegama who later adapted the novel for the movie.
 Her Bridal Nightmare is a 1920 silent film comedy from Christie Film Company. It was one of Colleen Moore's first comedy films. She made for Christie studios shot in and around Los Angeles. Her films with Christie included Her Bridal Nightmare A Roman Scandal So Long Letty and His Nibs. The film still exists and can be found on DVD.
 Play Straight or Fight is a 1918 short Western film directed by Paul Hurst.
 The Crimebusters is a 1961 film directed by Boris Sagal. It stars Peter Mark Richman and Martin Gabel.
 A Miner's Romance is a 1914 silent Western film featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Twelve Months (Russian: Двенадцать месяцев; Dvenadtsat mesyatsev) is a 1956 Soviet traditionally-animated feature film directed by the patriarch of Russian animation Ivan Ivanov-Vano. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow and is based on the fairy-tale play of the same name by Samuil Marshak.The film's sound and image were restored in 2003 by Krupnyy Plan who released it on video and DVD in Russia in 2004.
 Adhipan is a 1989 Malayalam film written by Jagadeesh and directed by K. Madhu with Mohanlal and Parvathy in the lead roles.
 Boris Godounov (aka Boris Godunov) is a 1989 musical film based on the opera of the same name by Modest Mussorgsky.The film features the original 1872 Mussorgsky's score although with significant cuts.
 Jalwa is a 1987 action thriller Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar and produced by Gul Anand. The film stars Naseeruddin Shah and Archana Puran Singh in the title roles. The film is set in Goa where it was mostly shot.
 Shaolin Vs. Evil Dead (Shao Lin jiang shi) is a kung fu vampire movie starring Gordon Liu. The work is one of Liu's most recent and was released between the time of Kill Bill volumes 1 & 2 and exploited his acting in the two films on the North American DVD cover. The movie title itself exploits the film Evil Dead however there is actually no relationship between two films. The film also heavily references the style of Mr.
 Warriors for Freedom (Indonesian: Pedjuang) is a 1960 Indonesian drama film directed by Usmar Ismail. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where Bambang Hermanto won the Silver Prize for Best Actor.
 Shrunken Heads is a 1994 English language film directed by Richard Elfman and written by Matthew Bright. It is Full Moon Entertainment's first theatrical feature and the last film in which Julius Harris appeared.Director Richard Elfman's brother Danny Elfman provided the main theme music for the film while the rest of the score was created by Richard Band. Richard's son Bodhi Elfman appeared in the film as Booger Martin.
 Lucignolo is a 1999 Italian movie directed by and starring Massimo Ceccherini with the inseparable Alessandro Paci and Claudia Gerini.
 For the Arizona politician please see Kyrsten SinemaSinema is a concert DVD by the Dallas-based American heavy metal group Drowning Pool. It was released in 2002 and contained more than 2-and-a-half hours of concert footage including their appearances at the 2001 and 2002 Ozzfest summer music festivals. The DVD title is a word play in correspondence with the name of Drowning Pool's debut album Sinner.
 The House in Dragon Street (German: Das Haus in der Dragonerstrasse ) is a 1921 German silent crime film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Edmund Löwe Werner Krauss and Lilly Flohr. The film premiered in Berlin on 24 June 1921.
 The Saint in Palm Springs is a crime melodrama released by RKO Pictures in early 1941. The film continued the screen adventures of the Robin Hood-inspired anti-hero Simon Templar alias The Saint created by Leslie Charteris.This sequel was based upon a story by Charteris; however many changes to his concept were made. Charteris later novelised his version of the film story as the novella Palm Springs contained within the collection The Saint Goes West.
 Shikari is a 2012 Indian bilingual film in Kannada and Malayalam. The film is written and directed by Abhaya Simha. It stars Mammootty and Poonam Bajwa in the lead with Aditya Mohan and Innocent doing other major roles. The film is the Kannada debut of Megastar Mammootty and also the Malayalam debut of director Abhay Simha and music director V. Harikrishna. Both Mammooty and Poonam Bajwa play double roles set in two different timelines.
 Kattalai (1993) is a Tamil film starring Sathyaraj and Bhanupriya. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Illayaraja. The film was one of the front runners in 1993 and was directed by Liaquat Ali Khan. It was released after Sathyaraj's blockbuster Walter Vetrivel.
 Son of Ali Baba is a 1952 film starring Tony Curtis. In it he has a line about the palace of his father which an urban legend has transferred to his better known film The Black Shield of Falworth. The film paired Curtis again with Piper Laurie who starred with him in the 1951 film The Prince Who Was a Thief.
 The Quick Gun is a 1964 Western film starring Audie Murphy. It was one of a series of low-budget films he made in the 1960s.
 A Busy Day is a 1914 short film starring Charlie Chaplin and Mack Swain.
 The Oath of Tsuru San is a 1913 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood and Japanese actress Tsuru Aoki.
 Grizzly Falls is a film from 1999 about a boy and a bear set in British Columbia in the early 20th century.
 La Banda J.S.: Cronaca criminale del Far West (also known as Sonny and Jed ) is a 1972 Italian Spaghetti Western about a sheriff's (Sheriff Franciscus played by Savalas) relentless effort to stop a robber (Jed played by Tomás Milián) and his girlfriend (Sonny played by Susan George). The film was directed by Sergio Corbucci and is noted for its music scored by Ennio Morricone.
 The Raid is a 1954 Technicolor American film set during the American Civil War. It stars Van Heflin Anne Bancroft Richard Boone and Lee Marvin. It is loosely based on a true incident the St. Albans Raid as well as the book by Herbert Ravenal Sass. However the film made a significant change moving the action from 1864 to 1865 turning the raid into an act of revenge for William Tecumseh Sherman's burning of Atlanta.
 Bulletproof is a 1988 movie directed by Steve Carver.
 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days is a 2012 comedy film directed by David Bowers from a screenplay by Wallace Wolodarsky and Maya Forbes. It stars Zachary Gordon and Steve Zahn. Robert Capron Devon Bostick Rachael Harris Peyton List Grayson Russell and Karan Brar also have prominent roles. It is the third installment in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid film series and is based on the fourth book in the series Dog Days with several elements taken from the third book in the series The Last Straw.
 Space (1965) is an underground film directed by Andy Warhol written by Ronald Tavel and starring Edie Sedgwick Gino Piserchio Dorothy Dean Ed Hennessey singer-songwriter Eric Andersen and Norman Levine. Unlike many of Warhol's other films made at The Factory this film involved a moving camera moving around the actors as they stood still.
 Fame is the Spur is a 1947 British drama film directed by Roy Boulting. It stars Michael Redgrave Rosamund John Bernard Miles David Tomlinson Maurice Denham and Kenneth Griffith. Its plot involves a British politician who rises to power abandoning on the way his radical views for more conservative ones. It is based on the novel Fame is the Spur by Howard Spring which was believed to be based on the career of the Labour Party politician Ramsay MacDonald.
 The Little Girl Next Door is a 1912 American silent short drama directed by Lucius Henderson and written by Philip Lonergan. The film starred William Garwood and Marguerite Snow in the lead roles.
 Støv for alle pengene is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Søren Elung Jensen.
 A Dinner for Them to Meet (Italian: La cena per farli conoscere) is a 2007 Italian comedy film directed by Pupi Avati.
 Los Celos de Cándida is a 1940 Argentine comedy film.
 Fruit and Nut is a 2009 Bollywood comedy film directed by well-known comedian Kunal Vijaykar and starring Boman Irani Cyrus Broacha Dia Mirza and Mahesh Manjrekar in pivotal roles. The film was produced and distributed by Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and was released on October 23 2009.
 Buenas noches mi amor is a 1961 Argentine film.
 The Prospector's Vengeance is a 1920 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Modern Romance is a 1981 comedy film directed by and starring Albert Brooks who also co-wrote the script with Monica Mcgowan Johnson. It co-stars Kathryn Harrold and Bruno Kirby.
 How Poets Are Enjoying Their Lives (Czech: Jak básníkům chutná život) is a Czech comedy film directed by Dusan Klein. It was released in 1988.
 Infidelity is a 1987 television film directed by David Lowell Rich and starring Kirstie Alley and Lee Horsley.
 A South Sea Bubble is a 1928 British silent comedy adventure film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Ivor Novello Benita Hume and Alma Taylor. A group of adventurers head to the Pacific Ocean to hunt for buried treasure. It was made at Islington Studios.
 Tight Quarters (Hungarian: Könnyű testi sértés) is a 1983 Hungarian drama film directed by György Szomjas. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Anthiveyilile Ponnu (English: The Gold in the Dusk) is a 1982 Malayalam language film starring Kamal Haasan and Lakshmi in the lead roles. It is written by Perumpadavom Sreedharan and directed by Radhakrishnan.
 Jai Bangladesh (meaning:Hail Bangladesh) is a 1971 Bollywood military drama film directed by I.S. Johar. The film stars Kabari Choudhury and Dilip Dutt .
 The Mating Habits of the Earthbound Human is a 1999 American mockumentary directed and written by Jeff Abugov and starring David Hyde Pierce Carmen Electra Lucy Liu and Mackenzie Astin.
 Novio marido y amante (English: Boyfriend husband and lover) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario C. Lugones and based upon Louis Verneuil's novel Mademoiselle Ma Mere. It premiered on January 22 1948.The film centers on a young beautiful woman that was forced to marry with an elderly man but now it falls in love with his son.
 No Worries on the Recruit Front (就職戦線異状なし shūshokusensen ijō nashi) is a Japanese film directed by Shūsuke Kaneko. The film gives a description of the life of students struggling to find a job at the end of college in Japan at the end of the 1980s a time when companies would fight to get the best students to join their ranks. The title would be best translated in English by All Quiet on the Recruit Front as it is a pun on the book by Erich Maria Remarque (seibusensen ijo nashi).
 Taste of Cherry (Persian: ... طعم گيلاس‎ Ta’m-e gīlās...) is a 1997 film by the Iranian filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami. It is a minimalist film about a man who drives through a city suburb looking for someone who can carry out the task to bury him after he has died. It was awarded the Palme d'Or at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Arrival ll is a 1998 American Science Fiction Direct-to-Video movie. It is the Sequel to the 1996 movie The Arrival with Charlie Sheen.
 Atayalangal (Malayalam: അടയാളങ്ങള്‍ English: The Imprints) is a 2008 Malayalam-language biographical drama film directed by M. G. Sasi and produced by Aravind Venugopal under the banner Valluvanadan Talkies. Govind Padmasoorya plays the lead role of autobiographical character of Nandanar (1926–1974) well known for his child literature and philosophical army stories. The film is particularly based on Nandanar's autobiography Anubhavangal.
 The White Planet or in French La Planète Blanche is a 2006 documentary about the wildlife of the Arctic.It shows interactions between marine animals birds and land animals especially the polar bear over a one year period. The fragility of the Arctic is hinted at as a reason to prevent climate change. It was nominated for the Documentary category in the 27th Genie Awards in 2007.
 Finian's Rainbow is a 1968 American musical film directed by Francis Ford Coppola that stars Fred Astaire and Petula Clark. The screenplay by E. Y. Harburg and Fred Saidy is based on their 1947 stage musical of the same name.
 White Pongo is a 1945 American film directed by Sam Newfield. The film is also known as Adventure Unlimited in the United Kingdom.
 House of Wax (also titled Wax House Baby) is a 2005 Australian-American horror film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra and stars Elisha Cuthbert Chad Michael Murray Brian Van Holt Paris Hilton Jared Padalecki Jon Abrahams and Robert Ri'chard. It is sometimes called a remake of the 1953 film of the same name which was itself a remake of the 1933 film Mystery of the Wax Museum but the 2005 film's plot is completely different from the story told by the two earlier films.
 The Eyes of Mystery is a 1918 American silent mystery film directed by Tod Browning.
 King of the Corner is a 2004 film featured at the Newport Film Festival. It stars Peter Riegert and Isabella Rossellini and includes Eric Bogosian Dominic Chianese Beverly D'Angelo and Rita Moreno. It was released in 2004. Peter Riegert also co-wrote and directed the film.It is a story of a middle-age man going through family and work issues.
 Mahatma Vidur is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 A mãe dos netos is a 2008 Spanish film.
 Dance Star is a 2010 British dance musical film set in Essex UK. It was written and directed by Steven M. Smith. The cast includes Bruce Payne Megan Little Vivien Creegor and Jon-Paul Gates.
 Twilight of the Cockroaches (ゴキブリたちの黄昏 Gokiburi-tachi no Tasogare) is a 1987 anime/live-action film written and directed by Hiroaki Yoshida that combines live-action footage with animation. The plot concerns a society of cockroaches who live peacefully in the apartment of a bachelor named Seito until a woman moves in and the humans begin to exterminate the cockroaches. The cockroaches are depicted through animation and the humans are depicted through live-action footage.
 Monster Camp is a 2007 documentary film that chronicles a live action role-playing game organization. Monster Camp looks at the lives of the participants and considers the pro and cons of escapism through fantastical outlets. Freedom State director Cullen Hoback documents the fantasy world following several participants over the course of one year.
 The Red Spot (original German: Der Rote Punkt original Japanese: 赤い点) is a German-Japanese film marking the feature film debut of writer and director Marie Miyayama who is the first Japanese student at the University of Television and Film Munich. The shooting took place in August and September 2007 in Allgaeu and in October 2007 in Tokyo.
 Nirmala is a 1948 Indian Malayalam film directed by P. V. Krishna Iyer and produced by P. J. Cherian. The fourth talkie in Malayalam Nirmala introduced playback singing to Malayalam cinema. It was also the first film produced by a Malayali.The songs were composed by saxophone player P. S. Divakar and E. I. Warrier. Lyrics were by poet G. Sankara Kurup. There were 15 songs in the film sung by P. Leela P. K. Raghavan Sarojini Menon T. K. Govindarao Vasudeva Kurup and Vimala B Varma.
 Black Coffee is a 1931 British detective film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and based on the play Black Coffee by Agatha Christie featuring her famous private detective Hercule Poirot. It starred Austin Trevor as Poirot with Richard Cooper playing his companion Captain Hastings.This was one of three appearances that Trevor made as Poirot having also appeared in Alibi (1931) and Lord Edgware Dies (1934).
 Meherbaan is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K.Ravishankar starring Mithun Chakraborty Ayesha Jhulka Shantipriya Anupam Kher and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 Assassination in Rome (Italian: Assassinio made in Italy) is a 1965 Italian thriller film of the giallo genre directed by Silvio Amadio.
 Alien 3 (stylized as Alien³) is a 1992 science-fiction thriller film and the debut feature film of director David Fincher. The film is the third installment of the Alien film series. The film takes place right after the events of Aliens (1986) an escape pod from the Colonial Marine spaceship Sulaco crash-lands on a prison-run refinery planet killing everyone aboard except Lieutenant Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver).
 Valley of Eagles (US release title Valley of the Eagles) is a 1951 British thriller film written and directed by Terence Young and starring Jack Warner Nadia Gray and John McCallum. A Swedish scientist's crucial new invention is stolen by his wife who tries to take it to the Soviet Union.
 Nga mesi i errësirës is a 1978 Albanian drama film directed by Kristaq Dhamo and written by Vath Koreshi.
 Street Kings is a 2008 American action-crime-thriller film directed by David Ayer starring Keanu Reeves Forest Whitaker Hugh Laurie Chris Evans Common and The Game. It was released in theaters on April 11 2008.The initial screenplay drafts were written by James Ellroy in the late 1990s under the title The Night Watchman.
 Daag: A Poem of Love is a 1973 Bollywood film produced and directed by Yash Chopra in his debut as a producer which laid the foundation of Yash Raj Films. It is an adaptation of the novel The Mayor of Casterbridge.The film stars Sharmila Tagore Rajesh Khanna Raakhee (who won her first Filmfare award) Madan Puri Kader Khan Prem Chopra and A.K. Hangal.The film was made at the height of the Rajesh Khanna craze and became a super hit at the box office.
 Galate Aliyandru (Kannada: ಗಲಾಟೆ ಅಳಿಯಂದ್ರು) is a 2000 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by S. Narayan and produced by Anitha Kumaraswamy. This film stars Shivrajkumar Sakshi Shivanand S. Narayan and Tara in the lead roles whilst Doddanna and Mukhyamantri Chandru play other pivotal roles.The original score and soundtrack was composed by Deva for the lyrics of K. Kalyan and S. Narayan.
 The Love Race is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Stanley Lupino Jack Hobbs and Dorothy Boyd. It was made by British International Pictures. Two car firms have a bitter rivalry.
 Heavy Metal 2000 (also known as Heavy Metal: F.A.K.K.² outside North America) is a 2000 animated science-fiction film produced by Jacques Pettigrew and Michel Lemire and directed by Michael Coldewey and Lemire. It stars the voices of Julie Strain Michael Ironside and Billy Idol. It is the follow-up to the 1981 animated cult film Heavy Metal which is based on the fantasy magazine of the same name.
 Family Ties (Hangul: 가족의 탄생; RR: Gajokeui tansaeng; lit. Birth of a Family) is the second film by South Korean director Kim Tae-yong. Mismarketed as a slapstick comedy through its promotional posters the film is actually a generation-to-generation view of two families through love and life.
 Six Ways to Sunday is a 1997 comedy film directed by Adam Bernstein. It is based on Charles Perry's novel Portrait of a Young Man Drowning.
 French Roast is a 2008 French computer-animated short created by Fabrice O. Joubert. The short received ANIMA award and was nominated for Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 2009.French Roast is the first short film by Fabrice O. Joubert an animator who worked from 1997-2006 at DreamWorks Animation and later worked as the animation director of A Monster in Paris (2011).
 The Six of Us - a made for television movie that eventually served as a pilot movie to a short-lived television series The Family Tree. The soon released series was recast though (except from deaf Jonathan Hall Kovacs) and some names of the characters were changed.
 The Psychumentary is a documentary about rapper Tech N9ne. It charted at number seven on the Billboard Top Music Videos chart. It was directed by Soren Baker and Steven Reissner Baker also served as writer and producer. The film includes appearances by Kottonmouth Kings and fellow Strange Music artists Krizz Kaliko Kutt Calhoun Skatterman & Snug Brim and Prozak. Other commentators on the DVD include Tech N9ne's ex-wife mother of his two daughters and Strange Music President Travis O'Guin.
 Targets is a 1968 American thriller written produced and directed by Peter Bogdanovich and filmed in color by László Kovács.
 Alles auf Zucker! (English: Go for Zucker) is a German comedy film released internationally in 2004. It can be seen as part of the Ossi-Wessi confrontation within Germany. Directed by Dani Levy the cast includes Henry Hübchen Hannelore Elsner Udo Samel Gołda Tencer and Steffen Groth.Director Dani Levy himself Jewish has made an ironic comedy about modern Jewish identity in present-day Germany. Henry Hübchen stars as Jaecki Zucker.
 Faces of Death V released in 1995 is a direct-to-video release consisting of highlights from the earlier films. It begins with the intro and opening credits from Faces of Death before moving into more archive footage lifted whole from the earlier films primarily from parts one and four.
 Muscle Beach Party (1964) is the second of seven beach party films produced by American International Pictures. It stars Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello and was directed by William Asher who also directed four other films in this series.Dick Dale and the Del-Tones and Stevie Wonder appear in musical numbers the latter aged thirteen and making his film debut billed as Little Stevie Wonder.
 Belowars is a 2009 Brazilian animated film directed by Paulo Munhoz based on the book Guerra Dentro da Gente by Paulo Leminski.
 Sama (English title: The Trace) is a 1988 Tunisian feature film directed by Néjia Ben Mabrouk.
 Howling VI: The Freaks is a 1991 direct-to-video horror sequel to The Howling. It was directed by Hope Perello from the screenplay by Kevin Rock.As with most of The Howling films it is only very loosely based on the novels by Gary Brandner and not a direct adaptation of any of them.
 Labor Pains (also known as Almost Pregnant in Mexico and Labour Pains in Australia) is a 2009 romantic comedy film written by Stacy Kramer and starring Lindsay Lohan Bridgit Mendler Luke Kirby Cheryl Hines Chris Parnell and Kevin Covais. The film received a television premiere on ABC Family on July 19 2009. It was originally scheduled to be released in theatres.
 Enamorada (Enamoured) is a 1946 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring María Félix and Pedro Armendáriz.
 Thalavattam (Malayalam: താളവട്ടം) is a 1986 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Priyadarshan and starring Mohanlal M. G. Soman and Karthika. The story is very loosely based on the American novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Thalavattam was remade in Hindi as Kyon Ki in 2005 by Priyadarshan himself. The film was also remade in Tamil in 1988 by another director as Manasukkul Mathappu with Prabu and Saranya playing the lead. The film was a huge blockbuster in Kerala.[citation needed]
 Top Cat and the Beverly Hills Cats is a 1988 animated movie for television and it is part of the Hanna-Barbera Superstars 10 series. The TV film's plot is essentially an extended remake of the original show's episode The Missing Heir.
 Scrambled Eggs (French: Les Œufs brouillés) is a 1976 French comedy film directed by Joël Santoni and starring Jean Carmet.
 Zwischenfall in Benderath is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 Jyothi (Telugu: జ్యోతి) is a 1976 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. It is based on the story of an innocent girl Jyothi. Jayasudha won the Nandi award as Best Actress for her performance in the title role. She later credited the film's success for making her a famous actress in Telugu films. It is a remake of the Hindi film Mili (1975) starring Jaya Bhaduri. though the storyline is completely different from the original except for the heroine suffering from a deadly disease.
 Calcutta is a 1969 French documentary film about Calcutta directed by Louis Malle. It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival.
 Art School Confidential is a 2006 comedy-drama film directed by Terry Zwigoff loosely based on the comic of the same name by Daniel Clowes. The film is Zwigoff's second collaboration with Clowes the first being 2001's Ghost World (which was also released by United Artists).
 The Show Off (1926) is a silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures directed by Mal St. Clair and starring Ford Sterling Lois Wilson and Louise Brooks.
 Sant Ravidas Ki Amar Kahani is 1983 Indian devotional movie based on renown saint Ravidas directed by Babubhai Mistri and music was by Chitragupt. Ravidas (also Raidas Rohidas[1] and Ruhidas in eastern India) was a North Indian Sant mystic of the bhakti movement who was active in the 15th century CE. Venerated in the region of Uttar Pradesh as well as the Indian state of Maharashtra his devotional songs and verses made a lasting impact upon the bhakti movement.
 Spring Breakdown is a comedy film starring Amy Poehler Parker Posey and Rachel Dratch. Three years after principal photography and after the film's owner Warner Independent Pictures was shut down by its parent company it was released direct-to-video in 2009.
 Shikaar is a 2004 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Darshan Bagga. The film stars Jas Pandher and Kanishka Kapoor in lead roles with Raj Babbar Danny Denzongpa Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor Ashish Vidyarthi Tej Sapru Shweta Menon and Saadhika Randhawa in supporting roles.
 My Way to Olympia is a 2013 feature documentary produced and directed by Niko von Glasow which follows disabled athletes preparing to compete at the London 2012 Paralympics. The film focuses on Matt Stutzman an armless American archer; Norwegian table tennis player Aida Dahlen; the Rwandan sitting volleyball team; one-legged German swimmer Christiane Reppe and the tetraplegic Greek boccia player Greg Polychronidis. The film was produced by Palladio Film.
 Nootrukku Nooru is a 1971 Tamil-language film directed and written by K. Balachander. It stars Jaishankar and Lakshmi in the lead with Nagesh Vijayalalitha and Srividya in other pivotal roles. The story is about a college professor who is accused by three girls for sexual harassment just before the his marriage.
 The Reenactment (Romanian: 'Reconstituirea') is a 1968 black-and-white film by Romanian director Lucian Pintilie. It is based on a novel by Horia Pătraşcu which in turn reflects real-life events witnessed by the author. Produced under the communist regime which it indirectly criticizes it is a tragicomedy about incompetence indifference and misuse of power.
 Thway (Burmese: သွေး) is a 2003 film and the first Japan/Myanmar collaboration. It was directed by Mr. Koji Chino. The film is based on a bestselling novel Thway written by Journal Gyaw Ma Ma Lay. The Burmese name of the movie is Thway. English name is The Bonds of Blood and Japan name is Chi no Kizuna.
 I gabestokken is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Mad Max 2 (also known as The Road Warrior and Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior) is a 1981 Australian post-apocalyptic action film directed by George Miller. The film is the second installment in the Mad Max film series with Mel Gibson starring as Max Rockatansky.
 The Terrorist (Arabic: الإرهابي‎ transliterated: Al-Erhabi) is a popular 1994 Egyptian film starring Adel Imam.
 Sassi Punno is a Pakistani film in the language of Urdu. It is directed by the senior director Hassan Askari.
 The River Why is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Matthew Leutwyler. It is an adaptation of the 1983 Sierra Club novel of the same name by David James Duncan and stars Zach Gilford William Hurt and Amber Heard. Showtime broadcast the film in August 2011 and was later screened in the United States as benefit for fish and river conservation groups. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on November 8 2011.
 Ratko: The Dictator's Son also known as National Lampoon's Ratko: The Dictator's Son is a 2009 teen comedy directed by Savage Steve Holland. The film was produced by Intermedia Films and Cinetel Films and was distributed by National Lampoon Inc. It was filmed in Vancouver B.C. Canada.
 Never Touched Me is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Jab Yaad Kisi Ki Aati Hai is a 1967 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Mala Sinha in a double role Abhibhattacharya and M. Rajan. It is a love story with little suspense. The title song 'jab yaad kisi ki aati hai' is nicely composed.
 My Babysitter's a Vampire is a Canadian vampire adventure comedy horror television film starring Vanessa Morgan and Matthew Knight. The film's plot centers around a group of teenagers one of them a vampire unwittingly hired by a couple to babysit their daughter in lieu of their somewhat untrustworthy son and their efforts to foil a plot to resurrect a cult group of deceased vampires.The film aired on October 9 2010 on the Canadian television channel Teletoon.
 Men in Black 3 (previously titled Men in Black III-D stylized as MIB³ and alternatively spelled Men in Black III) is a 2012 American 3D science fiction action comedy spy film released into theaters on May 25 2012 starring Will Smith Tommy Lee Jones and Josh Brolin. Principal photography began in New York City on November 16 2010 taking place ten years after its predecessor Men in Black II and fifteen years after the release of the original Men in Black.
 Vidhi (English: The Fate) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film starring Mohan and Poornima Jayaram in the lead roles. It is a remake of the Telugu film Nyayam Kavali which was also remade in Hindi as Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye.
 Mrs. Delafield Wants to Marry is a 1986 American television movie directed by George Schaefer and starring Katharine Hepburn and Harold Gould. It tells the story of a widow who shocks her upper-class Anglo-American family when she announces that she has fallen in love with her Jewish doctor.
 Benkiya Bale (Kannada: ಬೆಂಕಿಯ ಬಲೆ) is a 1983 Kannada film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ta. Ra. Su. The film starred Ananth Nag Lakshmi and K. S. Ashwath in lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Rajan-Nagendra considered evergreen hits.
 The Cyclone Rider is a 1924 American silent adventure film directed by Tom Buckingham. Prints of the film survive in the Czech Film Archive.
 The Case of the Howling Dog is a 1934 American mystery film directed by Alan Crosland based on the novel of the same name by Erle Stanley Gardner. The film stars Warren William and Mary Astor. This was the first in a series of four films in which William played Perry Mason.
 Mingus: Charlie Mingus 1968 is an American documentary film directed by Thomas Reichman that follows the later life of jazz musician Charles Mingus and his five year-old daughter as they are being evicted from his New York apartment in 1966 for not paying the rent. Reichman talks with Mingus in a very personal setting as the film documents Mingus’ outlook on society women music his daughter politics and the country as a whole.
 Los gringos is an animated short created by Anders J.L. Beer and written/directed by Rob Letterman. It was an official selection for the 2000 Sundance Film Festival.
 Caín is a 1984 Colombian drama film directed by Gustavo Nieto Roa. The film is based on the eponymous novel written by Eduardo Caballero Calderón. The plot sets the biblical story of Cain and Abel in 1960’s rural Colombia. It follows the bitter rivalry between two brothers over the love of one woman.
 The Act of Killing (Indonesian: Jagal meaning Butcher) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Joshua Oppenheimer and co-directed by Christine Cynn and an anonymous Indonesian. It is a Danish-British-Norwegian co-production presented by Final Cut for Real in Denmark and produced by Signe Byrge Sørensen. The executive producers were Werner Herzog Errol Morris Joram ten Brink and Andre Singer. It is a Docwest project of the University of Westminster.
 Satisfaction (also titled Girls of Summer) is a 1988 drama starring Justine Bateman and Liam Neeson. It is one of the few theatrical productions by both Aaron Spelling and NBC.
 Qaidi is a 1984 Hindi Action film directed by S S Ravichandra and produced by G Hanumantha Rao. The film features JeetendraShatrughan SinhaMadhvi as main characters.Apart from roleKader Khan had also written the dialogues for the film while Veeru Devgan was an action director.
 No Small Affair is a 1984 comedy-drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Jon Cryer and Demi Moore. Cryer Jennifer Tilly and Tim Robbins make their film debuts.
 Death Dimension (also known as Death Dimensions Freeze Bomb Icy Death The Kill Factor and Black Eliminator) is a 1978 American B-list action and martial arts film by Al Adamson starring Jim Kelly Harold Sakata George Lazenby Terry Moore and Aldo Ray.
 Back to God's Country is a 1919 Canadian drama film directed by David Hartford. It is one of the earliest Canadian feature films. The film starred Canadian actress Nell Shipman. With an estimated budget of over $67000 it became one of the first major Canadian pictures.The film is noteworthy as it starred Nell Shipman and was produced by her husband Ernest Shipman. It was the most successful silent film in Canadian history.
 Semana santa (also known as Angel of Death) is a 2002 European mystery thriller film directed by Pepe Danquart. It is notable for its international cast.
 Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring is a 2002 animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry. This was the first made-for-video attempt to recapture the style of Hanna and Barbera's original film shorts. Also it was the final project and the last Tom and Jerry production to be executive produced by both William Hanna and Joseph Barbera as Hanna died on March 22 2001. This is also the first Tom and Jerry production produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
 Chakkikotha Chankaran is 1989 Malayalam comedy film made in India starring Jayaram and Urvashi. This is also the last film of Adoor Bhasi.
 Behind the Green Door: the Sequel (1986) is the sequel to the American pornographic film Behind the Green Door. It was produced by the Mitchell brothers and starred Missy Manners (the nom de film of Elisa Florez). It was created as a response to the AIDS crisis and all sexual contact between performers featured the use of condoms dental dams and medical exam gloves.
 Sunset in Wyoming is a 1941 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette George Cleveland and Maris Wrixon. Based on a story by Joe Blair the film is about a singing cowboy who goes up against a lumber company clearcutting the timber from a local mountain causing catastrophic flooding and endangering the lives of valley ranchers. The film features the songs There's a Home in Wyomin' and Sing Me a Song of the Saddle.
 Into Eternity is a feature documentary film directed by Danish director Michael Madsen released in 2010. It follows the construction of the Onkalo waste repository at the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant on the island of Olkiluoto Finland.
 Captin Himais an Arabic film starring Tamer Hosny.
 Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector is a 2006 comedy film starring American stand-up comedian Larry the Cable Guy. Larry a municipal restaurant health inspector is assigned a new rookie partner after recklessly closing restaurants for code violations Amy Butlin (Iris Bahr) by his boss Bart Tatlock (Tom Wilson). Together Larry and Amy work to solve a series of food poisonings at four-star restaurants.
 The Devil to Pay! is a 1930 American drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Ronald Colman Loretta Young and Frederick Kerr. It was written by Frederick Lonsdale and Benjamin Glazer.
 Abhimanyu (Tamil: அபிமன்யு) is a 1948 Tamil film produced by Jupiter Pictures and starring M. G. Ramachandran (MGR) in a supporting role. It was based on the Mahabharatha story of Abhimanyu. The screenplay was written by A. S. A. Sami and M. Karunanidhi. This was the second film for Karunanidhi as scriptwriter. The film also starred M. N. Nambiar in a supporting role.
 Buddha in a Traffic Jam is a 2011 Bollywood film conceptualized and produced by Friday Night Productions (a venture of ISB alumni) and co-produced by Phoenix Multidimensions and Vivek Agnihotri creates. Buddha in a Traffic Jam is directed by Vivek Agnihotri and stars Arunoday Singh and Mahi Gill while the other members from the cast include Anupam Kher Pallavi Joshi Vivek Vaswani and introducing Anchal Dwivedi.
 The Tempest is a 2010 American fantasy film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare featuring Helen Mirren in the principal role of Prospera. The film is directed by Julie Taymor and premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 2010.Sandy Powell received her ninth Academy Award nomination for Best Costume Design.
 Flaming Star is a 1960 Western film starring Elvis Presley and Barbara Eden based on the book Flaming Lance (1958) by Clair Huffaker. Critics agreed that Presley gave one of his best acting performances as the mixed-blood Pacer Burton a dramatic role. The film was directed by Don Siegel and had a working title of Black Star. The movie reached No. 12 on the box office charts.
 Buddha Collapsed Out of Shame (Persian:بودا از شرم فرو ریخت : Buda az sharm foru rikht) is a 2007 Iranian film directed by Hana Makhmalbaf. The story takes place in modern Afghanistan following the removal of the Taliban and revolves around a 5-year-old Afghan girl who wants to attend a newly opened school. The girl Bakhtay portrayed by Nikbakht Noruz lives in the caves under the remains of the Buddhas of Bamiyan which were destroyed by the Taliban in 2001.
 Damn Yankees is a 1958 musical film made by Warner Bros. a modern version of the Faust story involving the New York Yankees and Washington Senators baseball teams. The film is based on the 1955 Broadway musical of the same name.The film version was directed by George Abbott as was the earlier stage version with assistance from Stanley Donen.
 Die Glückspuppe is a short 1911 Austrian film directed by Jakob and Luise Fleck.
 Perfect Mismatch (formerly known as It's a Mismatch) is a Bollywood film directed by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad.
 Derrière les murs is a French supernatural-thriller film written and directed by Julien Lacombe and Pascal Sid.
 Shanghai Grand also known as Shanghai Grand 1996 to differentiate this film from the more illustrious 1980 television series of the same Chinese title is a 1996 Hong Kong action crime drama film directed by Poon Man-kit and starring Andy Lau Leslie Cheung and Ning Jing.This film was directed by Poon Man-kit and produced by Tsui Hark and his production company Film Workshop.
 Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! (Spanish: ¡Átame! pronounced: [ˈa.ta.me] Tie Me!) is a 1990 Spanish dark romantic comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Antonio Banderas and Victoria Abril. The plot follows a recently released psychiatric patient who kidnaps an actress in order to make her fall in love with him. He believes his destiny is to marry her and father her children.The film was highly successful with both critics and audiences in Spain.
 Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy-comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and directed by John Lasseter released by Walt Disney Pictures Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first film produced by Pixar.
 Sabriya is a 1997 film.Sabriya is part of the project Africa Dreaming a chronicle of Africa in six acts six contemporary stories which share the theme of love. They are psychological of social dramas presented in the specific cultural and traditional contexts of each of the six countries represented: South Africa Zimbabwe Namibia Mozambique Mauritania and Senegal.
 Sing Boy Sing is a 1958 musical-drama film released by 20th Century Fox. The film starred two newcomers Tommy Sands and Lili Gentle.The film was an expansion of the January 1957 Kraft Television Theatre episode The Singin' Idol also starring Sands. Sands billed by the studio as a potential new teen idol played an Elvis Presley-type singer. The film was Gentle's only starring role and her penultimate film appearance.
 Babes in Bagdad is a 1952 film.
 Hanky Panky is a 1982 comedy film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring Gene Wilder and Gilda Radner. Wilder and Radner met during filming and later married.
 Killer is a 1992 Telugu Action thriller film directed by Fazil. The film stars Nagarjuna Akkineni Nagma Sharada in important roles. The film was also dubbed into Tamil as Easwar.
 Arjunan Kadhali (Eng:Arjunan's Lover) is an upcoming Tamil language film directed by Parthy Baskar nephew of composer Ilayaraja who earlier directed Bambara Kannaley. It stars Jai in the lead role with Poorna playing the lead female role. The film has been under production since 2008.
 Araya is a 1959 Venezuelan-French documentary film directed by Margot Benacerraf and co-written by Benacerraf and Pierre Seghers. It depicts the lives of laborers who extract salt from the sea off the Araya peninsula in Venezuela. Their method for extracting salt virtually unchanged for centuries depends on grueling physical labor but provides a dependable if meager living for the men and their families.
 The Unchanging Sea is a 1910 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives in the Library of Congress film archive.
 Naani (Telugu: నాని) is a Telugu film released in 2004. It was directed by S. J. Suryaah and film stars Mahesh Babu Amisha Patel Devayani and Raghuvaran. The film was simultaneously released in Tamil as New.
 The Raging Tide is a 1951 American crime film noir directed by George Sherman and written by Ernest K. Gann based on his novel Fiddler's Green. The drama features Shelley Winters Richard Conte among others.
 Music in High Places: Live in Alaska is a live DVD by the Goo Goo Dolls. It features live acoustic performances of some of the band's biggest hits.
 The Kids Are Alright is a 1979 rockumentary film about the English rock band The Who including live performances promotional films and interviews from 1964 to 1978.
 Shake Rattle & Roll II is the second installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll franchise. It was distributed by Regal Films. It is directed by Peque Gallaga & Lore Reyes. This film is an entry of the 1990 Metro Manila Film Festival. It is the first starring role of Manilyn Reynes before the following sequels.
 Streak is a 2008 American coming-of-age short film directed by Demi Moore written by Kelly Fremon and Allan Loeb and starring Brittany Snow and Rumer Willis. The film was actress Demi Moore's first film. The plot focuses on a young woman stuck in a life she no longer wants with gym-rat friends and obsessive behavior. To break free she reaches for fun in an interesting form of expression.
 The Death of the White Stallion (German: Der Tod des weißen Pferdes) is a 1985 German drama film directed by Christian Ziewer. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dressed to Kill is a 1941 crime mystery starring Lloyd Nolan Mary Beth Hughes & Sheila Ryan. The film was based on Death Takes No Bows a mystery novel by Richard Burke.
 Airport is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Anubhav Sinha and produced by Anubhav Sinha and Anupam Sinha. It will star Sunny Deol Bobby Deol Sunil Shetty and Arjun Rampal.
 Autumn Ball (Estonian: Sügisball) is a 2007 Estonian drama film directed by Veiko Õunpuu adapted from Mati Unt's 1979 novel of the same name. The film depicts six desolate people of different yet similar fates in characteristically Soviet pre-fabricated housing units (khruschevka).
 Basilicata Coast to Coast is a 2010 Italian comedy film directed by Rocco Papaleo.
 Nuovo Cinema Paradiso (Italian pronunciation: [ˈnwɔːvo ˈtʃiːnema paraˈdiːzo] New Paradise Cinema) internationally released as Cinema Paradiso is a 1988 Italian drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Tornatore. The film stars Jacques Perrin Philippe Noiret Leopoldo Trieste Marco Leonardi Agnese Nano and Salvatore Cascio and was produced by Franco Cristaldi and Giovanna Romagnoli while the music score was composed by Ennio Morricone along with his son Andrea.
 Khoon Bhari Maang is an Indian Bollywood movie released on 12 August 1988 directed and produced by Rakesh Roshan. It is a remake of the Australian mini-series Return to Eden (1983) and is about a wealthy widow who is almost killed by her lover and sets out for revenge. The film was a comeback venture for Rekha and was a critical and commercial success.
 Artists and Orphans: A True Drama is a 2001 documentary about an American theatre troupe visiting the country of Georgia. The film was nominated for an Oscar at the 74th Academy Awards in 2002 for Best Documentary Short Subject.The film also won the Best Short Film audience award at the 2001 Florida Film Festival and the Best Documentary audience choice award at the 2001 Santa Barbara International Film Festival.Rosie O'Donnell narrated the film and Sharon Gans starred as herself.
 A Difficult Life (Italian: Una vita difficile) is a Commedia all'italiana or Italian-style comedy film directed by Dino Risi in 1961.
 Ozzfest: 10th Anniversary is a DVD/CD set covering Ozzfest 2005.
 Men Women & Children is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Jason Reitman co-written with Erin Cressida Wilson based on a novel of same name written by Chad Kultgen. The film stars Adam Sandler Rosemarie DeWitt Emma Thompson and Jennifer Garner.
 Alphabet of Fear (Croatian: Abeceda straha) is a Croatian film directed by Fadil Hadžić. It was released in 1961.
 Enemy Mine is a 1985 science fiction drama film directed by Wolfgang Petersen based on the story of the same name by Barry B. Longyear. It starred Dennis Quaid and Louis Gossett Jr.. The film began production in Budapest in April 1984 under the direction of Richard Loncraine who quickly ran into creative differences with producer Stephen J. Friedman and executives at 20th Century Fox; the project was shut down after a week of shooting.
 Obaltan (Korean: 오발탄) also known as The Aimless Bullet and Stray Bullet is a 1960 Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. The plot is based on the same titled short novel written by Yi Beomseon. It has often been called the best Korean movie ever made.
 Devil's Pass (originally titled The Dyatlov Pass Incident) is a 2013 UK-Russian horror film directed by Renny Harlin written by Vikram Weet and starring Holly Goss Matt Stokoe Luke Albright Ryan Hawley and Gemma Atkinson as Americans who investigate the Dyatlov Pass incident. It is shot in the style of found footage.
 Officers of French Army Leaving Service (French: Départ des Officiers) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 68 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Breaking the News is a 1912 melodrama Australian film directed by W.J. Lincoln based on John Longstaff's 1887 painting of the same name.It is considered a lost film.
 Headhunters (Norwegian: Hodejegerne) is a 2011 Norwegian action thriller film based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Jo Nesbø. The film was directed by Morten Tyldum and stars Aksel Hennie Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Synnøve Macody Lund. Hennie portrays the successful but insecure corporate recruiter Roger Brown who lives a double life as an art thief to fund his lavish lifestyle.
 Deilig er fjorden! (English: The fjord is lovely!) is a 1985 Norwegian comedy film directed by Jan Erik Düring starring Rolv Wesenlund Elsa Lystad and Sverre Holm. Terje Svahberg (Wesenlund) has been saving money for years to buy a summer house but suddenly decides he wants a boat instead. As he and his family prepare for their summer vacation they encounter several problems both practical and financial.The film title is a pun on the psalm Deilig er jorden (Fairest Lord Jesus).
 The Trap is a 1985 erotic thriller starring Tony Musante Laura Antonelli and Florinda Bolkan.The film has been released under several titles over the years. The original Italian title is La Gabbia though it is also known as Collector's Item Dead Fright and La Jaula.
 Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar is a Bollywood film directed by K. S. Adhiyaman best known for directing Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam (2002). Salman Khan and Shilpa Shetty star in the lead roles as husband and wife. Reema Lagoo Mohnish Behl and Shakti Kapoor also star in the film. The film kept getting delayed but finally released on 4 August 2006 it was a box office failure. The film is a remake of the Tamil Madhavan starrer Priyasakhi.Shooting took place in London United Kingdom and in India.
 It's in the Bag! is a 1945 comedy film featuring Fred Allen in his only starring film role. The film was released by United Artists at a time when Allen was at the peak of his fame as one of the most popular radio comedians.
 Come Early Morning is a 2006 film starring Ashley Judd and Jeffrey Donovan. It marked the directorial debut of Joey Lauren Adams. The movie was shot throughout the metropolitan Little Rock Arkansas area including Pulaski Heights and Adams' hometown of North Little Rock. It premiered for wide release in Little Rock on December 14 2006.
 Indrudu Chandrudu (Telugu: ఇంద్రుడు చంద్రుడు) is a 1989 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Suresh Krishna and produced by D.Rama Naidu starring Kamal Haasan Vijayashanti and Charan Raj in lead roles.The story of the film is inspired by Richard Dreyfuss's 1988 film Moon Over Parador which was based on a short story by Charles G. Booth called Caviar for His Excellency. It was later dubbed in Tamil as Indran Chandran and in Hindi as Mayor Sahab.
 Intimidad de los parques is a 1965 Argentine film directed by Manuel Antín. Like Antín's film Circe it is based on a short story by Antín's compatriot Julio Cortázar. Cortázar was bitterly disappointed in the film and expressed his sentiments in a pair of letters to Antín written in March and April 1965.
 Un mundo maravilloso (A Wonderful World) is a 2006 Mexican comedy fairy tale film produced by Bandidos Films directed by Luis Estrada and considered a spiritual sequel to La ley de Herodes; it's a political satire about Vicente Fox Quesada's government and its neo-liberal doctrine.Contrary to La ley de Herodes this film was released without interference from Fox's government even was partly sponsored by Imcine.
 Winners Take All is a 1987 film directed by Fritz Kiersch. It stars Don Michael Paul and Geoffrey Wigdor.
 The Private Life of Don Juan is a 1934 British historical comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Douglas Fairbanks Merle Oberon and Benita Hume. It was Fairbanks' final film role. The film is about the life of the aging Don Juan based on the 1920 play L'homme à la Rose by Henry Bataille. It was made by Korda's London Film Productions at Elstree Studios and distributed by United Artists under an agreement Korda had recently signed with them.
 Partners is a 1932 Western starring Tom Keene.It made a profit of $30000.
 Friend is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Satabdi Roy. The film is starring Satabdi Roy Soumitra Chatterjee Supriya Chowdhury Sabyasachi Chakrabarty Biswanath Basu Ridhima Ghosh Shayak & Tapas Paul
 The Gods Must Be Crazy is a 1980 South African comedy film written and directed by Jamie Uys. Originally released in 1980 the film is the first in The Gods Must Be Crazy series. Set in Botswana it tells the story of Xi a Sho of the Kalahari Desert (played by Namibian San farmer Nǃxau) whose tribe has no knowledge of the world beyond. The film is followed by one official sequel and three unofficial sequels produced in Hong Kong.
 Majorens oppasser is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Dirch Passer.
 Deepasthambham Mahascharyam (Malayalam: ദീപസ്തംഭം മഹാശ്ചര്യം) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by K. B. Madhu starring Dileep as an Ottamthullal dancer who is caught in a love triangle with two girls. The film was the biggest flop of 1999.
 Shadow Man is a 2006 American thriller film directed by Michael Keusch and also written and produced by Steven Seagal who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Eva Pope Imelda Staunton and Garrick Hagon. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on June 6 2006.
 Dumkata (English: A Tale of a Tail!) is a Hindi comedy film released in 2007 and directed by Amol Palekar. The film stars Om Puri and Sachin Khedekar in lead roles. Shernaz Patel and Aseen Desai have important supporting roles in the film. The film was only released in India and the UK in 2007 but in the rest of the world it was released in 2010 since it had been postponed.
 Give 'em Hell Harry! is a biographical play and 1975 film written by playwright Samuel Gallu. Both the play and film are a one-man show about former President of the United States Harry S. Truman. Give 'em Hell Harry! stars James Whitmore and was directed by Steve Binder and Peter H. Hunt.The title comes from an incident that took place during the 1948 Presidential election campaign. In Harrisburg Illinois Truman delivered a speech attacking the Republicans.
 Sergeant Swell of the Mounties is a 1972 short film written and directed by Len Janson and Chuck Menville and starring Menville in the title role.The film is a pixilation spoof of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon.
 Beyond Imagining: Margaret Anderson and the 'Little Review' is a 1992 American short documentary film about Margaret Caroline Anderson produced by Wendy L. Weinberg. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 El Fin de la noche (English: End of the Night) is a 1944 Argentine film. The movie is notable for being an anti-Nazi film made in neutral Argentina in the course of World War II and set in occupied France. Shot from August to November 1943 the release was put on hold for more than a year pending authorization by the pro-Axis military government of that time.
 The Boy Who Talked to Badgers is a 1975 film directed by Gary Nelson. It stars Christian Juttner and Carl Betz.
 Cold in July is 2014 American crime drama directed by Jim Mickle written by Mickle and Nick Damici and starring Michael C. Hall Sam Shepard Don Johnson and Nick Damici. It is based on the cult novel of the same name by Joe R. Lansdale. IFC Films will theatrically release it on May 23 2014.
 For the Camp Lo album see Uptown Saturday Night (album)Uptown Saturday Night is a 1974 comedy film written by Richard Wesley and directed by Sidney Poitier who also stars in this film along with Bill Cosby and Harry Belafonte. Cosby and Poitier teamed up again for Let's Do It Again (1975) and A Piece of the Action (1977). Although their characters have different names in each film the three films are considered to be a trilogy.
 Ek Bura Aadmi is an upcoming 2013 Hindi Political Thriller film directed by Ishraq Shah and produced by Surendra Rajiv and Zenaida Mastura. This is a work of fiction inspired by real life stories of well-known criminals turned politicians from the North Indian states of UP and Bihar.
 Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 British-German comedy-drama film starring Parminder Nagra Keira Knightley Jonathan Rhys-Meyers Anupam Kher Shaznay Lewis and Archie Panjabi first released in the United Kingdom. The film was directed by Gurinder Chadha. Its title refers to the football player David Beckham and his skill at scoring from free kicks by bending the ball past a wall of defenders.The movie is about the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs in London.
 Léolo is a 1992 film by Quebecois director Jean-Claude Lauzon.The film tells the story of Léo Lauzon (Maxime Collin) a young boy living in a Montreal tenement with his dysfunctional family. He uses his active fantasy life and the book L'avalée des avalés by Québécois novelist Réjean Ducharme to escape the reality of his life.
 All Tomorrow's Parties (Chinese: 明日天涯; pinyin: Míngrì tiānyá) is a 2003 Chinese science fiction film directed by Yu Lik-wai. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pithamagan (English: Son of Ancestors) is a 2003 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala. The film stars Vikram Suriya Laila and Sangeetha in the lead. Produced by V. A. Durai the film is cinematographed by Balasubramanim lyrics are by Vaali Pazhani Barathi and Na. Muthukumar dance has been choreographed by Brinda editing by Suresh Ars fights by Stunt Siva and art direction by A. C. Pillai. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilayaraaja.
 Davy Crockett Indian Scout is a 1950 Western film starring George Montgomery as nephew of Davy Crockett.It was shot at the Motion Picture Centre with filming commencing June 1948.Much of the footage was used in the 1940 movie Kit Carson starring John Hall Dana Andrews Clayton Moore and produced by Edward Small.Wartime hero Johnny McKee had a small role as did Jim Thorpe.
 Only a Mother (Swedish: Bara en mor) is a 1949 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg. It is the acting debut of Max Von Sydow.
 Traveling Hopefully is a 1982 American short documentary film directed by John G. Avildsen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Me and the Big Guy is a 1999 short film that parodies Nineteen Eighty-Four by way of lampooning the fact that Big Brother is watching everyone even those he'd rather not.
 Humanity and Paper Balloons (人情紙風船 Ninjō Kami Fūsen) is 1937 black-and-white film directed by Sadao Yamanaka his last film.
 Spring Snow (春の雪 Haru no Yuki 2005) is a film adaptation of Yukio Mishima's novel Spring Snow directed by Isao Yukisada.The cast includes Satoshi Tsumabuki as Kiyoaki Matsugae Yūko Takeuchi as Satoko Ayakura and Sosuke Takaoka as Shigekuni Honda.The film was nominated for nine Japanese Academy Awards. Be My Last the main theme song for this film was performed by Utada Hikaru. This was her 14th Japanese-language single release.
 NY77: The Coolest Year in Hell is a 2007 documentary directed by Henry Corra that originally aired on VH1.
 Grin and Bear It is a Disney animated short featuring Donald Duck who appears as a park ranger and Humphrey's third appearance.
 Salaami is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by Shahrukh Sultan and produced by Tess Mirza. It stars Ayub Khan and Samyukta in pivotal roles.
 Merlin's Apprentice (sometimes called Merlin's Apprentice: The Search for the Holy Grail) is a 2006 miniseries. It is a sequel to the hit 1998 television miniseries Merlin with Sam Neill and Miranda Richardson reprising their roles as Merlin and the Lady of the Lake albeit slightly different versions of their characters.While being vaguely based on Arthurian legend its plot is set after the death of King Arthur and completely different from the traditional legends.
 The Body is a 2001 film based on a novel by Richard Sapir and starring Antonio Banderas and Olivia Williams.The movie follows Father Matt Gutierrez (Banderas) a Jesuit priest sent by the Vatican to investigate an archaeologic finding by Dr. Sharon Galban (Williams) which is suspected to be the remains of the body of Jesus Christ.
 Oram Po (Tamil: ஓரம் போ; English: Move Aside) previously titled Auto is a Tamil comedy film starring Arya and Pooja. The film directed by the debutant husband-wife duo Pushkar-Gayatri is produced by V. Palanivel and A.C. Anandan for A.P. Film Garden. G. V. Prakash Kumar of Veyyil fame is the music director.The movie was released after almost a year of waiting. Initial reviews suggest it to be highly entertaining especially for young adults. It's setting in auto racing is a new theme.
 The King's Jester (Italian:Il re si diverte) is a 1941 Italian historical film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Michel Simon María Mercader and Rossano Brazzi. The film is an adaptation of the play Le roi s'amuse by Victor Hugo and uses music from Verdi's later opera Rigoletto. It is set at the court of Francis I of France in the Sixteenth century.
 Torchy Blane in Chinatown is a 1939 American crime comedy film directed by William Beaudine. It stars Glenda Farrell Barton MacLane Tom Kennedy and Henry O'Neill.
 Astra is a 2012 Bengali film produced by Amit Agarwal and directed by Tathagata Bhattacherjee. This is an action film which revolves around the love story of a gangster. In this film DaVinci Resolve — the latest colour grading software was used for the first time in an eastern India film.
 I Love a Man in Uniform is a Canadian film directed by David Wellington and released in 1993.
 Fruit Fly is a 2009 musical film with gay and Asian-American themes directed by H.P. Mendoza who wrote the screenplay for Colma The Musical (2007). The film made entirely in San Francisco premiered on March 15 2009 at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco. It had a limited one-week run in New York on September 24 2010.
 Main Azaad Hoon is a 1989 Hindi film an Indian adaptation of 1941 Frank Capra film Meet John Doe by Javed Akhtar about an opportunistic journalist who concocts a fictitious man in a fictitious article to boost newspaper sales but when the article gets huge response she finds an unemployed man to sit in as Azaad man of the masses.
 The Greatest is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Shana Feste in her directorial debut and starring Pierce Brosnan (also an executive producer) Susan Sarandon Carey Mulligan and Michael Shannon.
 Van Gogh is a 1991 film written and directed by Maurice Pialat. It stars Jacques Dutronc in the role of Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh for which he won the 1992 César Award for Best Actor. Set in 1890 the film follows the last 67 days of Van Gogh's life and explores his relationships with his brother Theo his physician Paul Gachet (most famous as the subject of Van Gogh's painting Portrait of Dr. Gachet) and the women in his life including Gachet's daughter Marguerite.
 Josephine and Men is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Glynis Johns Jack Buchanan Donald Sinden and Peter Finch. It also features William Hartnell Gerald Sim Thorley Walters Victor Maddern and John Le Mesurier in supporting roles.
 L' Amore di Norma is a 1950 Italian musical film drama directed and written by Giuseppe De Martino. The film stars Lori Landi and Gino Mattera.
 Making It Pleasant for Him is a 1909 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle. It was Arbuckle's third onscreen appearance.
 The Lords of Flatbush is a 1974 American drama film about street teenagers in leather jackets from the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York.Directed by Martin Davidson and Stephen Verona The Lords of Flatbush is a low-budget film starring Perry King Henry Winkler and Sylvester Stallone. Stallone was also credited with writing additional dialogue.A portion of this film was shot in Stamford Connecticut. The wedding scenes were filmed in an area of town called Cove on Dale Street.
 Thanga Meenkal (English: Golden Fishes) is a National Award winning 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Ram directing his second film after Kattradhu Thamizh. Ram besides plays the lead role as well alongside several newcomers. A joint production of Gautham Menon's Photon Kathaas and R. S. Infotainment the film features score and soundtrack composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film's shooting commenced in mid-January 2011 and was completed by late 2011.
 Castle Freak is a 1995 American horror film directed by Stuart Gordon slightly based upon the short story The Outsider by H. P. Lovecraft. It was released direct to video on 14 November 1995. The film contains elements of splatter and slasher films.[citation needed]
 Wild Side is a 1995 film co-written and directed by Donald Cammell. It went straight to video and stars Christopher Walken Joan Chen Anne Heche and Steven Bauer.There are three different versions of the film. Cammell committed suicide shortly after seeing it drastically re-edited by its producers.[citation needed] A director's cut version by Cammell's wife and co-screenwriter China Kong and his editor and sometime producer Frank Mazzola was released in 2000 and was noted by critics.
 The Inner Shrine is a 1917 silent produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first of only two films that starred Margaret Illington a noted Broadway actress. The story is from a 1909 novel The Inner Shrine by Basil King an author popular with actresses. The film is now lost.
 Nowhere to Hide is a 1987 thriller directed by Mario Azzopardi. It stars Amy Madigan Daniel Hugh Kelly and Robin MacEachern as a family on the run from corrupt Marine officers. It also stars Michael Ironside John Colicos Maury Chaykin and Clark Johnson.
 The Idiot (Russian: Идиот) is a 1959 Soviet film directed by Ivan Pyryev. It is based on the eponymous novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.
 Barbagia (also known as The Tough and the Mighty) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It is based on the real life events of Italian bandit Graziano Mesina.
 Repossessed is a 1990 comedy film that belatedly spoofs the 1973 horror film The Exorcist. It was written and directed by Bob Logan. The film features the original star of The Exorcist Linda Blair as well as Leslie Nielsen and Anthony Starke. Many gags were based around events in The Exorcist such as the green-vomit and head-spinning scenes.
 Forbidden Relations (Hungarian: Visszaesők) is a 1983 Hungarian drama film directed by Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács. It was entered into the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Groom Wore Spurs is a 1951 American film directed by Richard Whorf.
 How to Survive a Plague is a 2012 American documentary film about the early years of the AIDS epidemic and the efforts of ACT UP and TAG. It was directed by David France a journalist who covered AIDS from its beginnings. For France it was his first film. He dedicated it to his partner who died of AIDS-related pneumonia in 1992.
 Freaky Friday is a 1976 American fantasy comedy film directed by Gary Nelson and starring Barbara Harris as Ellen Andrews Jodie Foster as her daughter Annabel and John Astin as her husband Bill Andrews.The film is based on the novel of the same name by Mary Rodgers in which mother and daughter switch their bodies and they get a taste of each other's lives.
 Limelight is a 1936 British black-and-white drama musical romance film directed by Herbert Wilcox starring Anna Neagle Arthur Tracy Jean Winton and Ronald Shiner as the Assistant State Manager. It was produced by Herbert Wilcox Productions and British and Dominions Film Corporation.
 A Touch of Grey is a 2009 Canadian dramatic narrative film. A Touch of Grey won Best Canadian Film at the 2010 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival and lead Maria del Mar received a Canadian Comedy Award for her performance in the film. Written by Sandra Feldman and directed by herself and Ian D. Mah A Touch of Grey is a coming of middle age film as 4 high school friends reuniting after 25 years each facing a crossroads in their life as they ask themselves Is that all there is?
 Janam Janam Na Saath is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Mehul Kumar.
 Under Fire is a 1983 political film set during the last days of the Nicaraguan revolution that ended the Somoza regime in 1979 Nicaragua. It stars Nick Nolte Gene Hackman and Joanna Cassidy. The musical score by Jerry Goldsmith which featured well-known jazz guitarist Pat Metheny was nominated for an Academy Award. The editing by Mark Conte and John Bloom was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
 Het geheim van het slot Arco is a 1915 Dutch silent drama film horror directed by Maurits Binger and Jan van Dommelen.The English title is: The secret of castle Arco the film consist of a Dutch cast while the production site was shot in Austria. The film is considered missing.The storyline is about a man without a head that haunts the castle Arco in the 16th century.
 Bachelor Bait is a 1934 film. It lost $3000.
 Busters verden (Buster's World) is a Danish children's television series and movie from 1984. Based on a play by Bjarne Reuter Buster's verden deals with the experiences of young Buster Oregon Mortensen. The television series was a break-through for director Bille August and the soundtrack also provided a hit for the young singer Nanna Lüders Jensen.
 Illicit is a 1931 American pre-code drama film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Barbara Stanwyck James Rennie Ricardo Cortez and Natalie Moorhead. Based on a play by Edith Fitzgerald and Robert Riskin the film is about a young couple living together out of wedlock because the woman does not believe in marriage. When they finally get married both become unfaithful to each other. Illicit was produced and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Les Scélérats (English title: The Wretches) is a 1960 French drama film directed by Robert Hossein who co-stars with Michèle Morgan Olivier Hussenot and Jacqueline Morane. It is also known as The Blackguards.
 Jimmy P: Psychotherapy of a Plains Indian is a 2013 Franco-American drama film directed by French film director Arnaud Desplechin. Jimmy P. stars Benicio del Toro as the titular character Jimmy Picard a Blackfoot Indian who has returned from war with debilitating symptoms. Mathieu Amalric who has appeared in most of Arnaud Desplechin’s films plays George Devereux a French doctor of Hungarian Jewish background who specializes in ethnology and psycho analysis. Jimmy P.
 Reversal of Fortune is a 2005 Showtime documentary that asks the question What would a homeless person do if they were given $100000?
 JCVD is a 2008 Belgian crime drama film directed by French Tunisian film director Mabrouk El Mechri and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme as a semi-fictionalized version of himself a down and out action star whose family and career are crumbling around him as he is caught in the middle of a post office heist in his hometown of Brussels Belgium.
 Exit Marrakech is an 2013 German drama film written and directed by Caroline Link. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Pink Prison (1999) is an erotic film for women directed by Lisbeth Lynghøft and produced by Puzzy Power a division of Lars von Trier's film company Zentropa.As the follow-up to Constance (1998) it was the second hardcore pornographic film ever to have been produced by an established mainstream film production company.Pink Prison is based on the Puzzy Power Manifesto developed by Zentropa in 1997 as were Zentropa's two other sex films for women: Constance (1998) and All About Anna (2005).
 Johnny Allegro is a black and white 1949 American film noir starring George Raft Nina Foch Will Geer and George Macready. An ex-gangster (Raft) working as a federal agent runs afoul of a crime lord (Macready) who enjoys hunting humans for sport. It was directed by Ted Tetzlaff and produced by Columbia Pictures.
 The Story of Wish You Were Here is a direct-to-video documentary about the making of Wish You Were Here album by Pink Floyd. After being shown on a few television channels such as BBC Four it was released on 26 June 2012 on DVD and Blu-ray. The film gives an extensive insight of concept recording the songs and designing the album cover. It includes exclusive interviews with almost every key person who participated in producing the album.
 Laggies is an upcoming American comedy-drama film directed by Lynn Shelton and written by Andrea Seigel. The film stars Chloë Grace Moretz Keira Knightley Sam Rockwell Mark Webber and Kaitlyn Dever.
 Cult of the Cobra (1955) is a horror film released by Universal Pictures and starring Faith Domergue Richard Long Jack Kelly William Reynolds and David Janssen.
 The Journey of August King is a 1996 American drama film directed by John Duigan. It stars Jason Patric and Thandie Newton
 A Feast at Midnight is a 1995 British comedy family film directed by Justin Hardy and starring Freddie Findlay Samuel West Robert Hardy Christopher Lee and Edward Fox.It is notable for featuring a cameo by future Education Secretary Michael Gove.
 Holiday is a 1938 film directed by George Cukor a remake of the 1930 film of the same name. The film is a romantic comedy which tells the story of a man who has risen from humble beginnings only to be torn between his free-thinking lifestyle and the tradition of his wealthy fiancée's family.
 La muerte en este jardín (The Death in the Garden) is a 1956 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Trente tableaux is a 2011 autobiographical feature documentary by Quebec film director Paule Baillargeon made during her two-year film residency with the National Film Board of Canada.
 Talk of a Million is a 1951 British film directed by John Paddy Carstairs starring Jack Warner with an early appearance from Sid James.
 Spendthrift is a 1936 American Paramount Pictures romance film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Henry Fonda Pat Paterson and Mary Brian.
 Liberty Belle is a 1983 film set in Paris in 1959 and 1960. The film premiered at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival. Today the film is mostly remembered as being the first to feature Juliette Binoche.
 Golu Hadawatha (Translation: Silence of the Heart) was a popular 1969 Sinhalese language romance film directed by maestro Lester James Peiris. The film stars Wickrema Bogoda and Anula Karunathilake in the lead roles. Based on a novel by Karunasena Jayalath its screenplay was written by Regi Siriwardena. Music was by Premasiri Khemadasa. The film is far in advance of its time and shows the touch of a master in the cinematography.
 Elvis Meets Nixon is 1997 film directed by Allan Arkush and starring Rick Peters Bob Gunton and Alyson Court. It is an embellished account of the true story of American singer Elvis Presley meeting President Richard Nixon on December 21 1970.
 30 Nights of Paranormal Activity with the Devil Inside the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2013 American comedy film. The film parodies several films and generally follows the plots of Paranormal Activity and The Devil Inside.
 Les mains libres is a 2010 French drama film directed by Brigitte Sy. It stars Ronit Elkabetz Carlo Brandt and Noémie Lvovsky. It was released theatrically in France on 16 June 2010. It is a feature-length prequel to Sy's 2008 short film L'endroit idéal.
 Varnajalam is a 2004 Tamil film starring Srikanth and Sadha in the lead roles later dubbed into Hindi as Aankhein. It was remade in Malayalam as Aagathan.
 The Almost Good Man is a 1917 Western film directed by Fred Kelsey released by Universal Pictures and starring Harry Carey.
 Bad Family (Finnish: Paha perhe) is a 2010 Finnish drama/black comedy film written and directed by Aleksi Salmenperä and produced by Aki Kaurismäki. The film tells the story of an overly protective and controlling father who suspects incest is taking place between his own son and daughter.
 Bawyrym (Kazakh/Russian: Бауырым) is a 2008 Kazakh film released in 2008.
 The Traveler (Persian: مسافر‎ Mosāfer) is a 1974 Iranian drama film directed by Abbas Kiarostami. The film depicts a troubled but resourceful boy's quest to attend a football match at any cost and his indifference to the effects of his actions on other people even those closest to him. Thematically the film explores childhood societal conventions and the origins of moral and amoral behavior. Visually it affords a candid glimpse of Iranian life in the early 1970s.
 Chattakaari (English: The Anglo Indian Girl) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Thoppil Bhasi based on Pamman's famous novel of the same name and directed by Santosh Sethumadhavan. It is the remake of the 1974 film of the same name directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan. The film was produced by Suresh Kumar under the banner of Revathy Kalamandir. It stars Shamna Kasim in the title roles.
 Caltiki – The Immortal Monster (Italian: Caltiki – il mostro immortale) is a 1959 Italian science fiction horror film directed by Riccardo Freda. The plot concerns a team of archaeologists investigating Mayan ruins who come across a blob-like monster. They manage to destroy it with fire while keeping a sample of the monster. Meanwhile a comet is due to pass close to Earth the same comet which passed near the Earth at the time the Mayan civilization mysteriously collapsed.
 Man About Town is a 1939 musical comedy film starring Jack Benny and Dorothy Lamour. A producer tries to get his leading lady take him seriously romantically by pursuing other women.
 Brother John is a 1971 drama film about an enigmatic African-American man who shows up every time a relative is about to die. In this story he returns to his Alabama hometown as his sister is dying of cancer.
 First Blood (unofficially referred to as Rambo: First Blood Part I) is a 1982 American action film directed by Ted Kotcheff co-written by and starring Sylvester Stallone as John Rambo a troubled and misunderstood veteran. Brian Dennehy and Richard Crenna appeared in supporting roles. It was released on October 22 1982. Based on David Morrell's 1972 novel of the same name it was the first of the Rambo series.Despite initial mixed reviews the film was a commercial success.
 Guns in the Heather is a 1969 Walt Disney family film directed by Robert Butler. It stars Kurt Russell Glenn Corbett and Alfred Burke.
 Fog Warning is a 2008 independent physiological thriller horror film written and directed by Christopher Ward in New Haven Connecticut.
 Kavalukku Kettikaran is a 1990 Indian Tamil film directed by Santhana Bharathi starring Prabhu and Nirosha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 January 1990.
 Sahkanaga is a 2011 feature film written and directed by American filmmaker John Henry Summerour. The film uses the true events of the Tri-State Crematory incident as its setting and backdrop though the central characters are fictional.
 El Hombre invisible ataca is a 1967 Argentine film.
 El zurdo (English: The Left-Handed) is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Martínez and starring Rodolfo de Anda with Germán Robles Andrés Soler Noé Murayama and special performances by Ofelia Montesco Francisco Avitia and Irma Serrano.
 Totò cerca casa is a 1949 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno. The film is stylistically related to Italian neorealism though it can be seen as a parody.
 Three Blondes in His Life is a 1961 American film directed by Leon Chooluck.
 The Reivers (also known as The Yellow Winton Flyer in the UK) is a 1969 film starring Steve McQueen and directed by Mark Rydell based on the William Faulkner novel of the same name. The supporting cast includes Sharon Farrell Rupert Crosse Mitch Vogel and Burgess Meredith as the narrator.
 The Private Secretary (Italian:La segretaria privata) is a 1931 Italian musical film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Elsa Merlini Nino Besozzi and Sergio Tofano. It was the Italian-language version of the German film Die Privatsekretärin.
 Uski Roti (English titles: Our Daily Bread A Day's Bread) is a 1969 Hindi film directed by Mani Kaul. It was Kaul's first feature film based on a short story of the same name by Mohan Rakesh who also wrote the dialogue for the film. The film won the 1970 Filmfare Critics Award for Best Movie and is considered a seminal work of the Indian New Wave.
 Father of a Soldier (Georgian: ჯარისკაცის მამა translit. Jariskatsis mama Russian: Отец солдата translit. Otets soldata) is a 1964 Georgian black-and-white drama film directed by Revaz Chkheidze based on a script by Suliko Jghenti. The leading role was played by Sergo Zakariadze. The film was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Matir Moina (Bengali: মাটির ময়না; also spelled Matir Moyna and known in English as The Clay Bird) is a Bengali film directed by Tareque Masud a Bangladeshi film director. The film was released in 2002.
 La Torre de los Siete Jorobados is a 1944 Spanish mystery film directed by Edgar Neville. It is based on a novel by Emilio Carrere.
 I predatori delle Antille released in the USA as Sexy Pirates on DVD is a 1998 pirate film directed by Joe D'Amato. The film is the last theatrical release by the director and was screened in 1999.
 Historia del tango is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Rajadhi Raja is a Tamil film directed y R. Sundarrajan. The movie was released on March 4 1989 with music by Ilaiyaraaja. Rajinikanth played a double role in the movie. The film was a Tremandous Mega Hit Box office blockbuster and completed a 200-day run at the box office. It grossed over INR 60000000 at the Box Office. The success of Rajadhi Raja re-established Rajinikanth as the king of Kollywood box office.All the credits goes to Superb Mass Style acting of Superstar Rajinikanth.
 Mudhal Kadhal Mazhai is a 2010 Indian Tamil language drama film written and directed by K.R.Mathivaanan. It stars debutants Mahendran and Swathika in the lead roles and also stars Nizhalgal Ravi. Chanakya has composed the music.
 Sahara Jaluchi is a 1998 Oriya-language Indian feature film directed by Sudhanshu Sahu starring Uttam Mohanty Siddhanta Mahapatra Jyoti Misra Mihir Das Aparajita Mohanty and Mithun Chakraborty
 Every Sunday (sometimes incorrectly listed as Every Sunday Afternoon or Opera vs. Jazz) is a 1936 American short musical film. It tells the story of two young girls and their efforts to save a public concert series which was being threatened by poor attendance.Directed by Felix E. Feist the film served as a screen test for and is the first significant screen appearance of two young actresses who would go on to become major stars Judy Garland and Deanna Durbin.
 Jeremy is a 1973 film written and directed by Arthur Barron and starring Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor. They play two high school students who share a tentative monthlong romance.Benson was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his performance in the film in 1974. It also won the prize for Best First Work in the 1973 Cannes Film Festival. The two stars dated each other in real life and appeared together again in Ode To Billy Joe.
 Deedar is a 1951 Bollywood Hindi language film directed by Nitin Bose and starring Ashok Kumar Dilip Kumar Nargis and Nimmi in lead roles. A story of unfulfilled love when hero's childhood love is separated from him due to class inequalities. It is one of noted tragedies made in early Hindi cinema. Upon its release it became popular film of the Golden era and further established Dilip Kumar as King of Tragedy.
 Arabesque is a 2005 gay pornographic film released by Raging Stallion Studios. The film stars Raging Stallion exclusive models Huessein François Sagat Manuel Torres Sarib Ivan Andros Joey Milano and J.C.In March 2006 it was nominated for 9 GayVN Awards of which it won 2 (best group scene and best music). It was also nominated for 8 Grabby Award of which it won 3 (best all-sex video best DVD extras and best group-sex scene).
 The Plank is a 1967 British slapstick comedy short film made by Associated London Films. It follows the misadventures of two builders who require a floorboard. It was written and directed by Eric Sykes and produced by Jon Penington. The story was based on an episode of Eric Sykes' BBC comedy series Sykes and A...
 Courier Boy Kalyan is an upcoming Indian Telugu romantic action film directed by Prem Sai who had earlier assisted Prabhu Deva The Movie is produced by Gautham Menon Banner: Photon Kothas and Gurufilms. It stars Nitin and Yami Gautam in the lead roles. The film featuring film score and soundtrack composed by Karthik is also being simultaneously shot in Tamil as Tamilselvanum Thaniyar Anjalum with Jai in the lead role. This film is expected to be released on 18th may 2014.
 Shikar Is an unreleased Bollywood film starring Shahrukh Khan Aishwarya Rai and Juhi Chawla. The film was never released.
 N.Y. N.Y. is a 1957 film by director Francis Thompson. The film is a collection of scenes from New York City recorded through special kaleidoscope lenses (it is rumored that their development took over 20 years). Despite a similar name it is unrelated to the 1977 film New York New York.N.Y. N.Y. is mentioned in Aldous Huxley's essay Heaven and Hell:And then there is what may be called the Distorted Documentary a new form of visionary art admirably exemplified by Mr.
 Backlash is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by Eugene Forde. The drama features Jean Rogers Larry J. Blake John Eldredge and Richard Travis.
 Django the Bastard (Italian: Django il bastardo also known as The Stranger's Gundown) is a 1969 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone produced by Herman Cohen. This Gothic-themed Spaghetti Western took advantage of the success of Sergio Corbucci's film Django hence its title. A similar spaghetti western is the 1967 film Django Kill.
 Forsaking All Others is a 1922 American dramatic film starring actress Colleen Moore and directed by Emile Chautard for Universal Studios. It was made before Colleen became famous as a flapper but did visit some of the same subjects her later films would.
 Invités Surprises (English: Guests surprised) is a comic film of Côte d'Ivoire issued in 2008 directed by Mike Yoboué.
 Donga Kollu (Telugu: దొంగ కోళ్ళు) is a 1988 Telugu comedy film starring Rajendra Prasad Sumalatha. It was directed by Vijaya Baapineedu. The movie is a remake of Malayalam movie Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam (1986) and was remade in Hindi as Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar.
 The Graduates of Malibu High is a low budget American action film starring James Van Patten Mike Norris Ernest Borgnine Richard Roundtree and Lynda Day George. It is known as Young Warriors in the United Kingdom. It was released theatrically by Cannon Films on August 28 1983. It has only been released on VHS and on Laserdisc in the United Kingdom.
 Queen of the Road is a 1984 Australian TV movie about two female truckies.
 Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford is a 1921 silent comedy film directed by Frank Borzage. The film's script was adapted by writer Luther Reed from the novel Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford by George Randolph Chester and George M. Cohan which expanded in turn on a series of short stories by Chester.
 Nak (Thai: นาค) is a Thai animated fantasy film that was released on April 3 2008.The story is based on ghosts of the folklore of Thailand who in this movie shed their sinister reputation and are the heroes. Nak its central character is based on the figure of Mae Nak a Thai female spirit that has a baby and can stretch her arms. Nak's striking fuchsia-colored hair and eyes in this movie are a departure from her alleged looks in traditional lore though.
 Liberty Stands Still is a 2002 film starring Wesley Snipes and Linda Fiorentino. Directed by Kari Skogland it is a thriller about a man seeking revenge for his daughter's death. Following its screening at the Palm Springs International Film Festival the film failed to get a proper theatrical release and was released straight to DVD on October 22 2002.
 Three Wise Fools is a 1946 film adaptation of Austin Strong's Broadway play of the same name. A young Irish orphan girl (portrayed by Margaret O'Brien) softens the hearts of three hardened old bachelors (played by Lionel Barrymore Lewis Stone and Edward Arnold) who were once unsuccessful suitors of her grandmother many years before.
 Sigaram (English: Peak) is a 1991 Tamil drama film directed by Ananthu. The film features S. P. Balasubrahmanyam Rekha and Radha in lead roles. The film produced by Rajam Balachander and Pushpa Kandaswamy had musical score by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and was released on 11 January 1991.
 Aspiring Home Tutor: Soiled Pure Whiteness (憧れの家庭教師　汚された純白 Akogare no Kateikyōshi: Yogosareta Junbaku) is a 2004 Japanese pink film written and directed by Yumi Yoshiyuki who also acted in a leading role. Yoshiyuki filmed Aspiring Home Tutor: Soiled Pure Whiteness for her own Office Yoshiyuki production company and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on February 10 2004. The film was shown at the Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival.
 Captain Magal (Captain's daughter) is a Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja.
 Political Asylum is a short film created by Giacomo Mantovani in 2011. The production was completed in 12 days by a cast and crew of 7 people on location in the central London. The short garnered its first award at the 242 Movie TV contest Creativi per Costituzione which was about the Constitution of Italy.
 Asthram is a Malaylam film directed by P. N. Menon Starring Bharath Gopi Mammootty Nedumudi Venu & Mohanlal.
 Dattha (Kannada: ದತ್ತ) is a 2006 Kannada action film directed by Chi Guru Dutt and written by Janardhan Maharshi. The film features Darshan and Ramya in the lead roles whilst Keerthi Chawla Srinath and Vinaya Prasad play other pivotal roles.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by R. P. Patnaik. The film upon release received average response from both critics and audience.
 Produced by Andres Barahona (Filigrana Films) and Co-Produced by Susana Hornil (Hornil Brothers Productions) The Boarder is a feature film written by Jane E. Ryan and based on real life events. The film tells the story of the Williams family who after adopting an 11-year-old homeless boy named Carl have to deal with his reactive attachment disorder (RAD). It is based on the novel The Boarder by Jane E.
 The Wrong Road is a 1937 American film directed by James Cruze. The film is now in the public domain.
 Dharma Patni or Dharmapatni (Telugu: ధర్మపత్ని Tamil: தர்மபத்தினி English: Married wife) is a 1941 Telugu/Tamil film. It is the debut film for famous writer-cum-producer Alur Chakrapani and veteran actor-cum-producer Akkineni Nageswara Rao. Akkineni played a minor child role and was aged 15 years.
 Indescribable is a 2013 film produced by Thorncrown Project in association with Crystal Creek Media which previously created films such as Eternal Theater and Creed of Gold. Filming took place during June and July 2011 in Bryan Texas. The story is based on the historical events surrounding the writing of the hymn The Love of God. It was released to home video on April 6 2013.
 In Secret previously titled Thérèse is a 2013 American erotic thriller film written and directed by Charlie Stratton. Based on Émile Zola's 1867 classic novel Thérèse Raquin the film stars Elizabeth Olsen Tom Felton Oscar Isaac and Jessica Lange. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film received a regional release on February 21 2014.
 Le Majordome is a 1965 French and Italian comedy film directed by Jean Delannoy.
 Banglatown Banquet is a 2006 British television drama film directed by Hettie MacDonald written by Tanika Gupta and stars Shabana Azmi Shobu Kapoor and Shelly King. The film is about a middle-aged Bangladeshi woman whose life is turned upside down when her husband returns from Bangladesh with a pregnant teenage bride. It was broadcast by BBC Two on 25 March 2006.
 One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich (French: Une journée d'Andrei Arsenevitch) is a 1999 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker about and an homage to the Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky. The film was an episode of the French documentary film series Cinéastes de notre temps (English: Filmmakers of our time) which in over ninety episodes since 1966 concentrates on individual film directors film people and film movements.
 McCabe & Mrs. Miller is a 1971 American Western film starring Warren Beatty and Julie Christie and directed by Robert Altman. The screenplay is based on Edmund Naughton's 1959 novel McCabe. Altman referred to it as an anti-western film because the film ignores or subverts a number of Western conventions. In 2010 the film was selected for inclusion in the National Film Registry of the United States.
 Vimochanam (English: Salvation) is a 1939 Indian Tamil film dealing with the issue of prohibition. Directed by T. Marconi the film stars Hemalatha Kanthamani Baby Jaya Indira Bhagirathi T. P. Sundari Selva and Suguna in the lead roles. This film received considerable attention because of the values it propagated and since most of the artistes were girl children. No print or stills of this film are known to exist presently and most film historians are hardly aware of this film.
 The Beast of Yucca Flats is a B horror film released in 1961. The film stars Swedish former wrestler Tor Johnson and was both written and directed by Coleman Francis.
 Mythili Ennai Kaathali (Tamil: மைதிலி என்னை காதலி ) (English: Mythili love me) is a 1986 Tamil movie starring T. Rajendar Srividya Amala. Directed and music by T. Rajendar.
 Christopher Strong is a 1933 RKO film directed by Dorothy Arzner and starring Katharine Hepburn in her second screen role. The screenplay by Zoë Akins is adapted from the 1932 novel by Gilbert Frankau.
 Truxton King is a lost silent film drama starring John Gilbert while a player for Fox Film Corporation.
 'It Happened One Christmas' is a 1977 made-for-television movie starring Marlo Thomas and Wayne Rogers.
 Sa Bang-ji (Hangul: 사방지) is a 1988 South Korean film directed by Song Kyung-shik.
 Fatma is a 2009 film.
 Bring It On: Fight to the Finish is a 2009 Direct-to-video teen comedy film starring Christina Milian Cody Longo Vanessa Born Gabrielle Dennis and Rachele Brooke Smith. Directed by Bille Woodruff the film is the fifth in a series of stand-alone films starting with the 2000 film Bring It On. The DVD and Blu-ray editions were both released on September 1 2009.
 Shyama is a 1986 Malayalam–language romantic drama film directed by Joshiy and starring Mammootty and Nadia Moidu in the lead roles. The film was critically well received and was a box office hit. Mammootty's performance is remarkable in this movie.
 High Grass Circus is a 1976 National Film Board of Canada documentary film co-directed by Tony Ianzelo and Torben Schioler exploring 24 hours in the life of the Royal Brothers' traveling circus. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Pranayavarnangal is a Malayalam film released in 1998. Directed by Sibi Malayil the script was written by Jayaraman Kadambaattu and Sachithanandan Puzhangara. Suresh Gopi Manju Warrier Divya Unni Biju Menon Rajendran and Janardanan appeared in leading roles. The film was a big hit at the box office.
 Pieces of Easter is an independent holiday film produced by Kelly's Filmworks. Written and directed by Jefferson Moore it stars Christina Karis.
 His Brother's Wife is a 1936 American romance-drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Robert Taylor. Written by Leon Gordon and John Meehan based on a story by George Auerbach the film is about a scientist preparing to leave for the jungles of South America to work on a cure for spotted fever. Wanting to have some fun before his trip he goes to a gambling club where he meets and falls in love with a beautiful model while falling deep into debt.
 Raw Silk is a 1988 Australian film about two barristers.
 The Spanish Dancer (1923) is a silent costume epic starring Pola Negri as a gypsy fortune teller Antonio Moreno as a romantic count and Wallace Beery as the king of Spain. The movie was directed by Herbert Brenon and also features a five-year-old Anne Shirley appearing under the name Dawn O'Day. This film survives today.Restored by the EYE Film Institute in the Netherlands the movie was shown at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
 Yugpurush is a 1998 Drama Bollywood film directed by Partho Ghosh and produced by Vijay Mehta. The film stars Nana Patekar Jackie Shroff and Manisha Koirala in the title roles. It is an adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky novel Idiot.
 Baabarr (Hindi: बाबर) is a 2009 gangster Hindi film directed by Ashu Trikha. The film stars Sohum Shah Mithun Chakraborty and Urvashi Sharma.
 Sinister Street is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by George Beranger and starring John Stuart Amy Verity and Maudie Dunham. It was adapted from the novel Sinister Street by Compton MacKenzie.
 The Score is a 2001 crime thriller directed by Frank Oz and starring Robert De Niro Edward Norton Angela Bassett and Marlon Brando in his final film role. It was the only time Brando and De Niro appeared in a film together. The screenplay was based on a story by Daniel E. Taylor and Emmy-winner Kario Salem.
 Oh God! Saare Hain Fraud (Hindi: ओह गोद! सारे हैं फ्रौड़; English: Oh God! Everybody is Fraud) is a 2011 Indian comedy film directed by Ashu Trikha. The film stars Shreyas Talpade and Mugdha Godse in the lead roles whilst Johny Lever Sharat Saxena and Om Puri in supporting roles.
 Yeh Lamhe Judaai Ke (Hindi: ये लम्हे जुदाई के translation: The Moments of Separation) is a delayed 2004 Bollywood romance mystery film directed by Birendra Nath Tiwari and produced by Ritesh Nayyar. The film stars Shahrukh Khan Raveena Tandon Navneet Nishan Divya Desai Mohnish Behl and Kiran Kumar. Written by Anirudh Tiwari this film was actually filmed in 1994 but not released until April 9 2004 apparently.
 Touchy Feely is a 2013 film directed by Lynn Shelton. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival.A massage therapist is unable to do her job when stricken with a mysterious and sudden aversion to bodily contact. Meanwhile her uptight brother's floundering dental practice receives new life when clients seek out his healing touch.
 Phool Khile Hain Gulshan Gulshan is a 1978 Hindi movie produced by Surinder Kapoor and directed by Sikandar Khanna. The film stars Rishi Kapoor Moushumi Chatterjee Mithun Chakravorty Ashok Kumar Asrani Amjad Khan Helen Paintal Ranjeet and Asit Sen. The soundtrack is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Thalaivaa (English: Leader) is a 2013 Tamil action thriller film directed and written by A. L. Vijay. The film features Vijay and Amala Paul in the lead roles Abhimanyu Singh as the main antagonist as well as Sathyaraj Santhanam Ponvannan Rajiv Pillai and Ragini Nandwani in supporting roles. The film produced by Chandraprakash Jain features background score and soundtrack composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar with cinematography handled by Nirav Shah.
 Legong: Dance of the Virgins (1935) was one of the last feature films shot using the two-color Technicolor process and one of the last silent films from the silent era.
 Mohiniyaattam(1976) is 1976 Malayalam film.
 Swapna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Married Bachelor is a 1941 film directed by Edward Buzzell. It stars Robert Young and Ruth Hussey.
 Ma femme s'appelle Maurice (English: My Wife's Name Is Maurice) is a 2002 French comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré and starring Alice Evans Régis Laspalès Philippe Chevallier and Götz Otto.
 Laws of Gravity is a 1992 American crime drama film directed by Nick Gomez and starring Peter Greene.
 Guru Shishyaru (Kannada: ಗುರು ಶಿಷ್ಯರು) is a 1981 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by H.R. Bhargava and produced by Dwarakish under his Dwarkish Chitra production house. The film is a remake of Telugu hit film Paramanandayya Sishyula Katha (1966) scripted by Vempati Sadasivabrahmam and starred N. T. Rama Rao in the lead.The story followed a fiction with a Guru and his 12 disciples being cursed by the Angels to behave stupid until the angel gets married.
 Lovers' Kiss (ラヴァーズ・キス) is a 2003 Japanese romance movie based on a manga by Akimi Yoshida. This is a youth movie of six teenagers (three boys and three girls) whom it is focused on taking place in Kamakura.The themes of homosexuality and sexual trauma are the main focus of the story.
 Bonanza: Under Attack is a 1995 TV-movie sequel to the 1959-1973 television series Bonanza and television films Bonanza: The Next Generation (1988) and Bonanza: The Return (1993). The movie was directed by Mark Tinker and features noted character actors Ben Johnson Jack Elam Dennis Farina and Richard Roundtree as well as Leonard Nimoy.None of the characters from the original series appears since the entire cast with the exception of Pernell Roberts was dead.
 Manikya Kottaram is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Bongwater is a 1997 comedy film based on the book of the same name set in Portland Oregon and stars Luke Wilson Alicia Witt Amy Locane Brittany Murphy Jack Black and Andy Dick.
 Sri Venkateswara Mahatyam (Telugu: శ్రీ వెంకటేశ్వర మహత్యం) is a 1960 Magnum opus Telugu mythological film produced and directed by P. Pullaiah and starring N. T. Rama Rao. The story is based on the story of Lord Venkateswara (Balaji).
 La polizia ringrazia (internationally released as Execution Squad and The Enforcers) is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Steno. The film obtained a great commercial success and it is considered as the initiator of the poliziottesco film genre.
 Help Me Eros (traditional Chinese: 幫幫我，愛神) is the second film from director Lee Kang-sheng following his directorial debut in 2003 The Missing.The film centers around the lives of three socially isolated characters – the newly unemployed Ah Jie (Lee) the call center counsellor he depends on for support Chyi (Liao) and Shin (Yin Shin) one of the team of provocatively dressed girls employed in selling betel nuts and cigarettes to passing customers at a street kiosk below his apartment.
 The Bad Man (1930) is an all-talking pre-code western film starring Walter Huston which was produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. The movie is based on Porter Emerson Browne's 1920 play of the same name and is a sound remake of the 1923 silent version of the same name. The film stars Walter Huston Dorothy Revier Sidney Blackmer and James Rennie.
 The Caged Bird is a 1913 American silent short drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company and starring William Garwood and Marguerite Snow.
 Carlito's Way is a 1993 American crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma based on the novels Carlito's Way and After Hours by Judge Edwin Torres. The film adaptation was scripted by David Koepp. It stars Al Pacino and Sean Penn with Penelope Ann Miller Luis Guzmán John Leguizamo and Viggo Mortensen in supporting roles.
 Bury the Hatchet is a documentary film directed by Aaron Walker. The film is a portrait of the Mardi Gras Indians of New Orleans.
 Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner & Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks is a DVD containing 15 Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner cartoons which was released on October 4 2011. It was released earlier in Czech Republic on September 8 2011 and on October 3 2011 it was available early in the US at Walmart stores.The DVD contains 15 shorts all of which star Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote. Some of them have previously been released on DVD in some fashion with an asterisk denoting those shorts.
 Catfish in Black Bean Sauce is a 1999 comedy-drama film about a Vietnamese brother and sister raised by an African American couple. The film stars Chi Muoi Lo Paul Winfield Sanaa Lathan and Mary Alice.
 The Trout (French: La Truite) is a 1982 French drama film directed by Joseph Losey based on the novel by Roger Vailland and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Il mondo perduto (The lost world) is a DVD release of ten short documentaries films directed byVittorio De Seta between 1954 and 1959.The series was restored by the Bologna Cinematheque in 2008.
 A Genius Two Partners and a Dupe (Italian: Un genio due compari un pollo also known as Nobody's the Greatest) is a 1975 spaghetti western comedy film directed by Damiano Damiani and in the opening scene Sergio Leone. It is notable for being the last western that Leone worked on.
 A Simple Story (French: Une histoire simple) is a 1978 French drama film directed by Claude Sautet. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards.
 Cuci (Malay for Wash) is a Malaysian comedy film released on 28 January 2008.
 The Campaign (formerly known as Dog Fight and Rivals) is a 2012 American political comedy film starring Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis as two North Carolinians vying for a seat in Congress. The screenplay was written by Shawn Harwell and Chris Henchy and directed by Jay Roach.
 Forbidden Love: The Unashamed Stories of Lesbian Lives is a 1992 Canadian documentary film about the lives of lesbian women and their experiences of lesbian pulp fiction. It was written and directed by Lynne Fernie and Aerlyn Weissman and featured author Ann Bannon. It premiered at the 1992 Toronto Film Festival and was released in the United States on 4 August 1993. It was produced by Studio D the women's studio of the National Film Board of Canada.
 Gomti Ke Kinare is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Saawan Kumar Tak. The film stars Meena Kumari and Mumtaz. Amitabh Bachchan was being considered (to play hero opposite Mumtaz) by Saawan Kumar and Meena Kumari. However Mumtaz who was close to the Khan brothers those days recommended Sameer Khan and the audience missed the golden opportunity to see Amitabh along with legendary Meena Kumari.
 The Primal Call is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 Beauty and the Barge is a 1914 British silent comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Cyril Maude Lillian Logan and Gregory Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1905 play Beauty and the Barge by W.W. Jacobs.
 Patthar Aur Payal is a 1974 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra. The film stars Dharmendra Vinod Khanna Hema Malini Ajit Rajendra Nath Iftekhar and Jayshree T.
 Listen Darling is a 1938 musical comedy film starring Judy Garland Freddie Bartholomew Mary Astor and Walter Pidgeon. A girl and her friend go to great lengths to prevent her widowed mother from marrying the wrong person.
 Night Mail is a 1936 documentary film about a London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) mail train from London to Scotland produced by the GPO Film Unit. A poem by W. H. Auden was written for it used in the closing few minutes as was music by Benjamin Britten. The film was directed by Harry Watt and Basil Wright and narrated by John Grierson and Stuart Legg. The Brazilian filmmaker Alberto Cavalcanti was sound director.
 Hotel Angel (Thai: เทพธิดาโรงแรม or Theptida rong ram also known as Angel) is a 1974 Thai drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol about a young woman (Viyada Umarin) who becomes involved in the sex trade in Bangkok.
 La Tía Tula (English: Aunt Tula) is a 1964 film Spanish film directed by Miguel Picazo. The film is based on the Miguel de Unamuno novella of the same title. Highly acclaimed the film is widely considered a classic of Spanish Cinema. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Break Free (Italian: Liberi) is a 2003 Italian romance-comedy drama film directed by Gianluca Maria Tavarelli.For his performance in this film and in The Return of Cagliostro Luigi Maria Burruano received a special mention from the Pasinetti Award jury at the 2003 Venice Film Festival.
 Anantaram (English: Monologue Malayalam: അനന്തരം meaning Thereafter) is a 1987 Malayalam feature film production written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan. Mammootty Ashokan and Shobhana star in the lead. The film is structured like a monologue. It develops through a commentary by the protagonist about himself in the first person. The attempt of the protagonist is to narrate how he became what he is now.
 The Last Word (Bulgarian: Последната дума translit. Poslednata duma) is a 1973 Bulgarian drama film directed by Binka Zhelyazkova. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 Blemished Light (Hindi: Dagh Ujala) is an upcoming English/Hindi socio-political drama film by Raj Amit Kumar currently in post-production. The title of the film is a transliteration of Faiz Ahmad Faiz's poem Ye Dagh Dagh Ujala an inspiration behind the film.The story revolves around a Muslim fundamentalist in New York who kidnaps a liberal Muslim scholar with an intent to kill while a closeted lesbian in New Delhi kidnaps her bisexual lover with the intent to love.
 Pink Tush Girl: Love Attack (桃尻娘　ラブアタック Momojiri Musume: Rabu Atakku) is a 1979 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Kōyū Ohara and starring Kahori Takeda and Ako. It is the middle film in the popular Pink Tush Girl trilogy.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1939 American film starring Charles Laughton as Quasimodo and Maureen O'Hara as Esmeralda. It was directed by William Dieterle and produced by Pandro S. Berman and was a remake of the more famous 1923 silent film version starring Lon Chaney.For this production RKO Radio Pictures built on their movie ranch a massive medieval city of Paris and Notre Dame Cathedral one of the largest and most extravagant sets ever constructed.
 Meeting Se Meeting Tak is a Bollywood film starring Dino Morea and Priyanka Sharma in the lead roles. It is written and directed by Anant Mahadevan and produced by Narendra Bajaj and Shyam Bajaj. The film was shot in Dubai and parts of South Africa.
 Sara dar dah daghigh-eh (2007) (aka Sara in 10 minutes) is an Iranian short documentary film co-produced and directed by Sadaf Foroughi.
 I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus is a 2001 film based on the classic holiday song of the same name. The movie's tagline was Christmas is coming and Santa's a dirty rat. I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus first aired December 9 2001 on the PAX Network where it aired until 2007. As of 2008 it is shown in the 25 Days of Christmas programming block on ABC Family.
 Onmyouji (陰陽師) is a Japanese movie that was released in 2001 and sent to the US in 2004. Directed by Yōjirō Takita it tells of the exploits of Abe no Seimei in Middle Ages the Onmyouji (also known as: The Yin Yang Master) from the court of the Emperor. He befriended bungling court noble Minamoto no Hiromasa who enlists his aid to defend the Heian emperor.
 Date for Hire is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Lee Cummings written by Dimitry Yakoushkin and produced by Lee Cummings and Romus Reece. It stars M. Jennings Romus Reece Scott Fitzgerald and Jennelle Harris and was produced by Full Circle Entertainment distributed by Maverick Entertainment.The film was inspired by the filmmakers' admiration for Arrested Development Seinfield and the Office.
 Quantum Hoops is a 2007 documentary film directed by Rick Greenwald that follows the California Institute of Technology's basketball team—the Caltech Beavers—in their attempts to end a 21-year losing streak during the final week of the 2006 basketball season.The documentary premiered on January 26 2007 at the 2007 Santa Barbara International Film Festival where it won a Top 10 Audience Choice Award.
 The Trap is a (1922) American silent film starring Lon Chaney directed by Robert Thornby and released by Universal Pictures. The movie was released in the United Kingdom as Heart of a Wolf.The film stars Chaney as the leading character Alan Hale as his rival and Irene Rich as the female lead. Chaney had also appeared in an unrelated film of the same name in 1913.
 World Traveller Adventures is a collection of four movies featuring the adventures of new age rave travellers - Spiral Tribe Desert Storm Sound Conspiracy (Facom Okupe and Total Resistance) Teknokrates Tomahawk and IOT. Including 23 Minute Warning Storming Sarajevo Mission to India Africa Expedisound and bonus: Reclaim the Streets.
 The Orphanage (Spanish: El Orfanato) is a 2007 Spanish horror film and the debut feature of Spanish filmmaker J.A. Bayona. The film stars Belén Rueda as Laura Fernando Cayo as her husband Carlos and Roger Príncep as their adopted son Simón. The plot centers on Laura who returns to her childhood home an orphanage.
 Shogun's Joys of Torture (徳川女刑罰史 Tokugawa onna keibatsu-shi) is a 1968 Japanese film in the Ero guro (erotic-grotesque) sub-genre of Toei's style of Pink film. Directed by Teruo Ishii the film is considered a precursor to Toei's ventures into the Pinky violent style in the early 1970s. It was followed by Shogun's Sadism in 1976.
 Right America: Feeling Wronged – Some Voices from the Campaign Trail is a documentary film directed by Alexandra Pelosi. The film premiered on HBO on President's Day 2009. This is the first film to document the birth of the Tea Party Movement.
 Hell Raiders is a 1968 war film directed by Larry Buchanan. It was one of several movies he made for AIP.
 The Last Assyrians (French: Les Derniers Assyriens) is a French documentary film by Robert Alaux.
 I Am a Camera is a British comedy-drama film released in 1955. Based on The Berlin Stories by Christopher Isherwood and the play I Am a Camera by John Van Druten the film is a fictionalized account of Isherwood's time living in Berlin between the World Wars.
 Night Watch is a 1928 American drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Billie Dove Paul Lukas and Donald Reed. It was an adaptation of the dramatic play In the Night Watch written by Michael Morton. The film is set almost entirely on a French warship at the beginning of the First World War. Although largely a silent film Night Watch was the first of Korda's films to feature sound effects and music but no dialogue.A print is preserved at Cineteca Italiana Milan.
 The Girl Who Wouldn't Work is an extant 1925 silent film produced by B. P. Schulberg and starring Lionel Barrymore and Marguerite De La Motte. Preferred Pictures and Al Lichtman handled the distribution of this film directed by one Marcel De Sano. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Row Your Boat is a drama about a recently released ex-convict trying to correct his life written and directed by Sollace Mitchel. It was released in 1998 and in 2001 on home video. The film stars Jon Bon Jovi of rock fame Bai Ling and William Forsythe. Its title is taken from the English nursery rhyme Row Row Row Your Boat.Bon Jovi plays Jamey Meadows a man newly released from prison who has found himself homeless on the crazy streets of New York City.
 Doktór Murek (English: Doctor Murek) is a 1939 Polish drama film directed by Juliusz Gardan. It is based on two novels by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz.
 Yearning (Japanese: Yume no onna) is a 1993 Japanese drama film directed by Bandō Tamasaburō V. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Kun en Tigger is a 1912 Danish silent film directed by Holger-Madsen.
 Pilotos de la muerte (Pilots of Death) is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Pesu (Tamil: பேசு; English: Speak!) is an unreleased Indian Tamil romance film written and directed by debutant Ra. Cyril. It stars newcomers J. Vignesh and Vibha in the lead and Jayaprakash comedian M. S. Baskar Mahadevan and Ajay Ratnam in supporting roles whilst featuring film score and soundtrack by noted composer Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was in its post-production stage before it failed to hit theatres for unknown reasons.
 We Are All Murderers (French: Nous sommes tous des assassins also known as Are We All Murderers?) is a 1952 French film directed by André Cayatte. It tells the story of René a man trained to kill Germans by the French Resistance in World War II who continues to kill long after the war has ended.It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival and won the Special Jury Prize.
 A Woman's Fool is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Invisible Maniac is a 1990 film directed by Adam Rifkin. It stars Noel Peters and Savannah.The film was mentioned in a joking way during an episode of Rifkin's show Look.
 Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna (Also titled Anastasia: The Story of Anna) is a 1986 TV movie starring Amy Irving Rex Harrison (in his last film) Olivia de Havilland Omar Sharif Christian Bale (in his first film) and Jan Niklas. The film was loosely based on the story of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and the book The Riddle of Anna Anderson by Peter Kurth. It was originally broadcast in two parts.
 The Wedding Tackle is a 2000 British comedy film.
 L'Arroseur arrosé (also known as The Waterer Watered and The Sprinkler Sprinkled) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent comedy film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring François Clerc and Benoît Duval. It was first screened on June 10 1895.It has the distinction of being the earliest known instance of film comedy as well as the first use of film to portray a fictional story.
 Crossroads is a 1986 musical drama film starring Ralph Macchio Joe Seneca and Jami Gertz inspired by the legend of blues musician Robert Johnson. The film was written by John Fusco and directed by Walter Hill and featured an original score featuring Ry Cooder and Steve Vai on the soundtrack's guitar and harmonica by Sonny Terry.
 Children of Mata Hari (French: La Peau de Torpedo Italian: Dossier 212 - destinazione morte German: Der Mann mit der Torpedohaut) is a 1970 French/Italian/West German international co-production crime film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Bekaraar is an Indian film directed by Rajendra Prasad V.B. and released in 1983. The movie stars Sanjay Dutt Padmini Kolhapure Mohnish Bahl Supriya Pathak.
 Simhasanam (English:Throne) is a 2012 Malayalam action film written and directed by Shaji Kailas starring Prithviraj Vandana Menon and Aishwarya Devan in lead roles. The music and background score of the film are composed by Roni Raphael and Rajamani respectively. The film depicts an emotional bonding between a father (Sai Kumar) and son (Prithviraj).
 Somewhere I'll Find You is a film released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer in 1942. The film stars Clark Gable and Lana Turner. The film took almost two years to complete. This was the last film Gable starred in before he enlisted in World War II. The next film he starred in was Adventure (1945).
 Pirate of the Black Hawk is a 1958 Italian / French international co-production film Il pirata dello sparviero nero that was bought for release in the USA by Filmgroup. Filmed in colour the film was released in black and white in its US release.
 Amman Koil Thiruvizha is a 1990 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Murugan Kalainjanam and produced by P.R.Somasundar. It stars Nizhalgal Ravi and Kanaka in the lead roles.
 Beat is a 2000 American drama film written and directed by Gary Walkow concerning the period of writer William S. Burroughs's life that he spent with his wife the late Joan Vollmer leading up to her accidental murder in 1951. The film stars Kiefer Sutherland as Burroughs Courtney Love as Joan Norman Reedus as Lucien Carr and Ron Livingston as Allen Ginsberg. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2000 and was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Kill the Umpire is a 1950 baseball comedy film starring William Bendix and Una Merkel directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Frank Tashlin.
 Snuff Bottle Connection (Chinese: 神腿鐵扇功) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Dung Gam-woo and Lau Lap-lap and starring Hwang Jang Lee and John Liu. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 15 September 1977.
 Children of the Corn II: The Final Sacrifice is the sequel to the 1984 movie Children of the Corn. This sequel directed by David F. Price stars Terence Knox Ryan Bollman Ned Romero and Paul Scherrer. The film was released in 1992 in Germany and in theatres by Dimension Films in January 1993 with the video release handled by Paramount Pictures. Several sequels followed this movie all but one of which were released directly to video.
 The Wicked Lady is a 1945 film starring Margaret Lockwood in the title role as a nobleman's wife who secretly becomes a highwayman for the excitement.
 The Story of Joseph and His Brethren (Italian: Giuseppe venduto dai fratelli) is a 1960 Yugoslavian/Italian film directed by Irving Rapper and Luciano Ricci.The film is also known as Joseph Sold by His Brothers Joseph and His Brethren (American DVD box title) and Sold Into Egypt in the United Kingdom.
 Rikki og mændene is a 1962 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Lisbeth Movin and starring Ghita Nørby.
 The Dungeonmaster (originally Ragewar: The Challenges of Excalibrate and Digital Knights) is a 1984 low-budget science fiction/fantasy film rated PG-13 starring Jeffrey Byron Richard Moll and Leslie Wing. The film is produced by Charles Band and is split up into seven distinct story segments each written and directed by a different person: Dave Allen Charles Band John Carl Buechler Steven Ford Peter Manoogian Ted Nicolaou and Rosemarie Turko.
 A Message to Garcia is a 1936 American war film directed by George Marshall and starring Wallace Beery and Barbara Stanwyck John Boles and Alan Hale Sr.. The film is inspired by the 1899 essay A Message to Garcia by Elbert Hubbard loosely based on an incident during the Spanish–American War. The essay had previously been made into a 1916 silent film A Message to Garcia.
 Burlesque is a 2010 drama film directed and written by Dominic Deacon and starring Haydn Evans Christina Hallett and Poppy Cherry. The film was released on 26 August 2010 in Australia. This film was shot in Melbourne Victoria.
 Crime Spree is a 2003 Canadian-British film written and directed by Brad Mirman starring Gérard Depardieu and Harvey Keitel as well as French singers Johnny Hallyday and Renaud.
 I Was a Teenage Frankenstein is a film starring Whit Bissell Phyllis Coates and Gary Conway released by American International Pictures (AIP) in November 1957. It is the follow-up to AIP's box-office hit I Was a Teenage Werewolf released less than five months earlier.
 Bud Abbott and Lou Costello Meet Frankenstein (the film's poster title) or Bud Abbott Lou Costello Meet Frankenstein (the onscreen title)—although the film is often referred to as simply Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein—is a 1948 American horror comedy film directed by Charles Barton and starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. It is the first of several films where the comedy duo meets classic characters from Universal's horror film stable.
 We Were Seven Sisters (Italian: Eravamo sette sorelle) is a 1939 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Antonio Gandusio.
 Ratatouille (/rætəˈtuːiː/; French pronunciation: ​[ʁatatuj]) is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the eighth film produced by Pixar and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005. The title refers to a French dish ratatouille which is served at the end of the film and is also a play on words about the species of the main character.
 In Pursuit is a direct-to-video 2001 American film directed by Peter Pistor and written by John Penney based on a story by Pistor. The film was shot in Encino California.
 Bloomington is a 2010 coming-of-age drama film about a former child actress (Sarah Stouffer) attending college in search of independence and who ends up becoming romantically involved with a female professor played by Allison McAtee. Their relationship thrives until an opportunity to return to acting forces her to make life-altering decisions.
 Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara. The film is based on a novel by Edward Streeter and features a popular singer of the time Fabian.
 Call Center Girl is a 2013 Filipino family comedy drama film directed by Don Cuaresma starring Pokwang Enchong Dee and Jessy Mendiola. The film is produced by Skylight Films and Star Cinema. It premiered on November 27 2013 as part of Star Cinema's 20th Anniversary presentation.The film also marks as Pokwang's 11th film under Star Cinema.
 Sangharsha is a 2006 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Naresh Kumar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Swastika Mukherjee Sayantani Ghosh Rajatava Dutta in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Malay Ganguly.
 Almafuerte is a 1949 Argentine drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and written by Belisario García Villar. The film is a biography of the Argentine poet Pedro Bonifacio Palacios (Almafuerte). The film starred Narciso Ibáñez Menta as Almafuerte and Pola Alonso.It won the Silver Condor for best film and best actor in the 1950 film awards. The film was also entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 One or the Other of Us (German: Einer von uns beiden) is a 1974 West German film directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It was Petersen's first theatrical feature film and was based on the novel of the same name by Horst Bosetzky published anonymously under his pseudonym -ky. The film is a psychological thriller and focuses on the intense conflict between a university professor and a blackmailer.
 Nick of Time starring Johnny Depp Christopher Walken Charles S. Dutton and Courtney Chase is a 1995 thriller film. It was directed by John Badham. It is noteworthy for taking place in real time.
 In Bob We Trust is a feature documentary about Father Bob Maguire directed by Lynn-Maree Milburn and Produced by Ghost Pictures Pty Ltd.
 Désiré is a 1996 French film directed by Bernard Murat. The film is based on the play of the same name by Sacha Guitry.
 Another Face is a 1935 film starring Wallace Ford Brian Donlevy and Phyllis Brooks. A wanted gangster has plastic surgery and becomes an actor.
 Saviour of the Soul (alternative Chinese title 魔宮奇俠) is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts action film. Although the film shares the same Chinese title as Louis Cha's The Return of the Condor Heroes it is unrelated to the novel. Saviour of the Soul II was released in the following year but both films are not related to each other.
 Aada Paduchu or Aadapaduchu (Telugu: ఆడపడుచు) is a 1967 Telugu Drama film produced and directed by K. Hemambaradhara Rao. It is remake of 1959 Hindi film Chhoti Bahen directed by L. V. Prasad.
 Romeo Ranjha is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian action comedy film Starring Jazzy B & Garry Sandhu written by Dheeraj Ratan directed by Navaniat Singh who also directed Singh vs Kaur. Romeo Ranjha is produced by Gunbir Singh Sidhu & Manmord Sidhu with Hansraj Railhan as Co-Producer. The movie will be released on 16 May 2014.
 Mr Ya Miss (English: Mr or Miss) is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film which is written directed by and stars Antara Mali alongside Ritesh Deshmukh Aftab Shivdasani and Divya Dutta.
 Alexander the Great is a 1956 American sword-and-sandal epic film about the life of Macedonian general and king Alexander the Great written directed and produced by Robert Rossen with Gordon S. Griffith as executive producer. It was released by United Artists and stars Richard Burton as Alexander along with a large ensemble cast.
 Wrong Turn is a 2003 American horror film directed by Rob Schmidt and written by Alan B. McElroy. The film was shot in Hamilton Ontario Canada and starring Desmond Harrington Eliza Dushku Emmanuelle Chriqui and Jeremy Sisto. It is the first film in the series which has since grown to include four direct-to-DVD films.
 Young and Dangerous 4 (Chinese: 97古惑仔之戰無不勝; Literal Title 97 Wise Guys: No War Cannot Be Won) is a 1997 Hong Kong triad film directed by Andrew Lau. It is the third sequel to the Young and Dangerous film series.
 Poppy is a 1936 comedy film starring W. C. Fields and Rochelle Hudson.
 A.k.a. Cassius Clay (styled as a.k.a. Cassius Clay) is a 1970 boxing documentary film about the former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali. Directed by Jimmy Jacobs the film was made during Ali's exile from the sport for refusing to be inducted into the US Army on religious grounds. Narrated by Richard Kiley the film gives an overview of Ali's career to that point.
 L'amour fou is a 1969 movie directed by Jacques Rivette who also co-wrote the script with Marilù Parolini.
 The Compleat Beatles released in 1982 is a two-hour documentary chronicling the career of the The Beatles. Though it has since been supplanted by the longer and more in-depth documentary Beatles Anthology The Compleat Beatles was for many years largely regarded as the definitive film about the Beatles.
 Blood Dolls is a 1999 film directed by Charles Band.
 Certified Copy (French: Copie conforme) is a 2010 art film by Iranian writer and director Abbas Kiarostami starring Juliette Binoche and the British opera singer William Shimell in his first film role. The film is set in Tuscany and focuses on a British writer and a French antiques dealer whose relationship undergoes an odd transformation over the course of a day. The film was a French-majority production with co-producers in Italy and Belgium.
 So Dear to My Heart is a 1948 feature film produced by Walt Disney released in Chicago on November 29 1948 and nationwide on January 19 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures. Like 1946's Song of the South the film combines animation and live action. It is based on the Sterling North book Midnight and Jeremiah.
 Supervixens is a 1975 sexploitation film by American filmmaker Russ Meyer. The cast features Meyer regulars Charles Napier Uschi Digard and Haji. The film also features Shari Eubank (in a dual role) in one of her only two film roles ever and Christy Hartburg in her only film role ever.
 A Perfect Getaway is a 2009 American psychological thriller film written and directed by David Twohy and stars Timothy Olyphant Milla Jovovich Kiele Sanchez and Steve Zahn. The film was originally shot in Puerto Rico and Hawaii and was released on August 7 2009 in the United States and on August 12 in the United Kingdom. The film was a minor financial success.
 Shine on Harvest Moon starring Ann Sheridan is a 1944 musical film biography of the vaudeville team of Nora Bayes and Jack Norworth who wrote the popular song Shine On Harvest Moon.
 Cadavres is a Quebec 2009 film directed by Eric Canuel. It is a film adaptation of the 1998 novel Cadavres by François Barcelo a tragicomedy about the deadly feelings that unite a brother and sister who have nothing in common.
 Meet the Wildcat is a 1940 film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 The Personals (also known as The Personals: Improvisations on Romance in the Golden Years) is a 1998 American short documentary film directed by Keiko Ibi about a Jewish senior citizens' theatre group in New York City. It won an Academy Award in 1999 for Documentary Short Subject.
 LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Deborah Dickson Susan Frömke and Albert Maysles. It was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.
 Deadfall is a 1968 film directed by Bryan Forbes and starring Michael Caine Eric Portman and Giovanna Ralli with music by John Barry.It is based on the 1965 thriller from author Desmond Cory.Theme Song My Love Has Two Faces was performed by Shirley Bassey.
 The Cool Surface is a 1994 thriller film starring Robert Patrick Teri Hatcher Cyril O'Reilly Matt McCoy Shannon Dobson and Ian Buchanan. It was written and directed by Erik Anjou.
 Swapno is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Sayantani Ghosh Jishu Sengupta Abhishek Chatterjee Dipankar Dey Anamika Saha Rajesh Sharma in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Hemanta Mukherjee Shyamal Mitra and Madhu Mukherjee.
 Georg is a 2007 biography drama film about Estonian singer Georg Ots. It was directed by Peeter Simm and written by Mati Põldre and Aleksandr Borodyansky. They used interview material from Georg Ots' second wife Asta Ots. The film stars prominent Estonian actor Marko Matvere Russian actress Anastasiya Makeyeva and Latvian singer Renārs Kaupers.The film was released in Estonia on 5 October 2007. Georg was made together by Estonia Russia and Finland and it runs approximately 105 minutes.
 Dead Mine is a 2012 Indonesian horror film directed by Steven Sheil and starring Ario Bayu and Joe Taslim. The Film was produced by Infinite Frameworks the production house before working on the musical animated film Meraih Mimpi (Achieved a dream) in 2009. Filming and production of the film was done in the filming facility integrated in Batam Island.
 The Boat Is Full (German: Das Boot ist voll) is a 1981 German-language Swiss film directed by Markus Imhoof. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film as a Swiss submission. It was also entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 Ananthasayanam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Of Human Bondage is a 1934 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and is widely regarded by critics as the film that made Bette Davis a star. The screenplay by Lester Cohen is based on the 1915 novel of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham. The film was remade in 1946 and again in 1964.
 The High Sign is a 1921 American short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton. It was written and directed by Keaton and Edward F. Cline. The runtime is 21 minutes. Although One Week (1920) was the first of Keaton's independent shorts to be released The High Sign was the first one to be produced. Disappointed with the result Keaton shelved the film.
 Yadana (Burmese: ရတနာ pronounced: [jədənà]; lit. Jewels) is a 2006 Burmese film directed by Ei Ei Khaing.
 Behaving Badly is a 1989 British television serial directed by David Tucker. The teleplay by Catherine Heath and Moira Williams is based on Heath's novel of the same name. It was initially broadcast by Channel 4. The series was released on DVD in 2005.The plot focuses on Bridget Mayor a middle-aged housewife and part-time teacher who is forced to re-evaluate her life when her husband of twenty years abandons her for a younger woman.
 Mati Balidan Ki is a 1986 film based on partiot.star cast Sandhu Raj and Rama Vij.Produced & directed by Shiv Kumar.Music by Ravindra Jain.
 Antoine is an 82-minutes 2008 Canadian documentary film directed by Laura Bari. The film features a young 5-year old blind kid named Antoine Houang.living in Montreal. It tells the real and imaginary life of Antoine a boy detective who runs drives makes decisions hosts radio shows and adores simultaneous telephone conversations. Over the course of two years he uses a mini-boom microphone to discover and capture the sounds surrounding him.
 Palmy Days (1931) is an American musical comedy film written by Eddie Cantor Morrie Ryskind and David Freedman directed by A. Edward Sutherland and choreographed by Busby Berkeley (who makes a cameo appearance as a fortune teller). The film stars Eddie Cantor. The famed Goldwyn Girls make appearances during elaborate production numbers set in a gymnasium and a bakery (Glorifying the American Doughnut).
 Journey to Self is a 2013 Nigerian drama film written and produced by Ashionye Michelle Raccah and directed by Tope Oshin-Ogun starring Nse Ikpe Etim Ashionye Michelle Raccah Dakore Akande Tosin Sido and Katherine Obiang. It received a nomination for the category Achievement In Soundtrack at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 Tangled is a 2001 American thriller film starring Rachael Leigh Cook Shawn Hatosy and Jonathan Rhys Meyers.The plot is told from the end from David (Hatosy) found unable to remember what led him to be in hospital. As he begins to talk to the detective (Lorraine Bracco) the events slowly unfold. The film flicks between present and past with use of flashbacks to describe the friendship and the love triangle between David Jenny (Cook) and Alan (Rhys Meyers).
 Paarthaal Pasi Theerum (Tamil: பார்த்தால் பசி தீரும்) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan Gemini Ganesan K. Savithri Sowcar Janaki and B. Saroja Devi in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1962.
 Not to be confused with the 1998 film The Legend of 19001900 (Italian: Novecento Twentieth Century) is a 1976 Italian epic film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci starring Robert De Niro Gérard Depardieu Dominique Sanda Donald Sutherland Alida Valli and Burt Lancaster. Set in Bertolucci's ancestral region of Emilia the film chronicles the lives of two men during the political turmoils that took place in Italy in the first half of the 20th century.
 What Maisie Knew is a 2012 American drama film directed by Scott McGehee and David Siegel. It stars Julianne Moore Alexander Skarsgård Onata Aprile Joanna Vanderham and Steve Coogan and is an adaptation of the 1897 published Henry James novel What Maisie Knew about a sensitive daughter of a divorced couple who are irresponsible parents. The story is updated to modern-day New York City.The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival on September 7 2012.
 By Dawn’s Early Light (AKA The Grand Tour) is an HBO Original Movie aired in 1990 and set in 1991. It is based on the 1983 novel Trinity's Child written by William Prochnau. The film is one of the last to depict the events of a fictional World War III before the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War.
 The Mikado is a 1939 British musical comedy film based on Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera of the same name. Shot in Technicolor the film stars Martyn Green as Ko-Ko Sydney Granville as Pooh-Bah the American singer Kenny Baker as Nanki-Poo and Jean Colin as Yum-Yum. Many of the other leads and choristers were or had been members of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
 Dog's Heads (Czech: Psohlavci) is a 1955 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič based on the novel of the same name by Alois Jirásek. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sesso e volentieri is a 1982 Italian anthology-comedy film directed by Dino Risi. The film consists in ten segments all starred by Johnny Dorelli and all having sex and sexual perversions as main theme.
 Maowid ala Ashaa (1981)(Arabic: موعد على العشاء‎ English: A Dinner Date) is a 1981 Egyptian romance film starring Souad Hosni and Ahmed Zaki. The life story of a beautiful and pure woman interested of the very little things with a great sensibility.
 The Enchanted Cottage is a 1945 romantic fantasy starring Robert Young Dorothy McGuire and Mildred Natwick.It was based on a play by Arthur Wing Pinero. The Enchanted Cottage was previously adapted for the silent screen in 1924 with Richard Barthelmess and May McAvoy as the newlyweds.
 September Love (German: Septemberliebe) is an East German film directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was released in 1961.
 Plus 2 is a 2010 Malayalam film from the debutant director Shebi Chavakkad. Starring Roshan Basheer Shafna Vishnu Mohan Justine John Deepak Murali and Sajin the film tells a simple tale of youngsters doing their pre-university course.
 30 karatów szczęścia is a 1936 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Remote Control (Icelandic: Sódóma Reykjavík (About this sound pronunciation ) in Icelandic) is an Icelandic film from 1992 directed by Óskar Jónasson. The plot is a farce revolving around the young car mechanic Axel and his adventure in the Reykjavík underworld which starts when his mother insists that he must recover the remote control to her TV.
 Kabzaa is a 1988 Bollywood action/drama film starring Sanjay Dutt Raj Babbar and Paresh Rawal. This movie is a remake of the 1954 American hit On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando.
 Four Days in September (Portuguese: O Que É Isso Companheiro?) is a 1997 Brazilian thriller film directed by Bruno Barreto and produced by his parents Lucy and Luiz Carlos Barreto. It is a fictional version of the 1969 kidnapping of the United States Ambassador to Brazil Charles Burke Elbrick by members of Revolutionary Movement 8th October (MR-8).It was nominated as Best Foreign Language Film at the 1998 Academy Awards.
 I Survived BTK (also released under the titles Feast of the Assumption: BTK and the Otero Family Murders and Feast of the Assumption: the Otero Family Murders) is a feature-length true-crime/horror documentary produced by UNSUB Films and directed by Marc D. Levitz.The film focuses on Charlie Otero as he copes with discovering the truth behind the murders of four of his family members by Dennis Rader a serial killer known as BTK.
 Border Run (earlier title The Mule) is a 2012 film produced by Lucas Jarach and directed by Gabriela Tagliavini. The film is based on true events and was released on DVD in February 2013. Stone portrays journalist Sofie Talbert a hard-hitting journalist against illegal immigration to the United States. Learning that her brother in Mexico has gone missing she goes to find him and uncovers the brutal reality of the desperate people who risk their lives to cross into the States.
 The Unforgettable Year 1919 (Russian: Незабываемый 1919-й)is a 1951 Soviet film directed by Mikheil Chiaureli. It is considered an important representation of Joseph Stalin's cult of personality.
 Hysterical Blindness is a made-for-HBO movie directed by Mira Nair and starring Gena Rowlands Uma Thurman Juliette Lewis and Ben Gazzara. The movie premiered on HBO on August 21 2002 to good reviews. In 2003 Uma Thurman won a Golden Globe Award for her portrayal of Debby Miller. Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands also won Best Supporting Actor/Actress awards for their performances as Virginia Miller and Nick Piccolo at the 2003 Emmy Awards.
 Mumbhaii - The Gangster is an upcoming 2013 Hindi Crime film directed by Rajiv Ranjan. The film is to be released on August 1 2013. The film features Sanjay Kapoor Om Puri Arya Babbar and Mahima Chaudhry as main characters.
 Invasion from Inner Earth (1974) is an apocalyptic science fiction film starring Paul Bentzen and Debbi Pick. The film was directed by Bill Rebane the same director of Monster A Go-Go (1965) and The Giant Spider Invasion (1975). The film also known as Hell Fire and They was inspired by the British film The Strange World of Planet X (1957) and filmed in the style of thrillers directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
 Negro Colleges in War Time is a short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information in 1943. Other than in the title no reference is made to the students' race.The film begins with a shot of the famous statue of Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee and notes that progress and industry has a new meaning for the present -- winning the Second World War.
 The Golden Bird (Hindi: Sonchidi) is a 2011 Indian science fiction film directed by Amit Dutta. It was screened at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
 The Herdsman (simplified Chinese: 牧马人; traditional Chinese: 牧馬人; pinyin: Mù Mǎ Rén) is a 1982 Chinese film about the life of a herdsman in western China from 1950s through the Cultural Revolution and his reunion with his father from America. It was produced by the Shanghai Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin starring Zhu Shimao.
 McDull Prince de la Bun (麥兜菠蘿油王子 McDull the prince of the pineapple bun with butter) is a 2004 animated Hong Kong film directed by Yuen Toe. Telling the story of the life of the fictional pig McDull it is a sequel to My Life as McDull (2001) and it was followed by McDull the Alumni (2006).There was significant word play in this movie some of it is based on the pineapple bun. For example in slang Cantonese a bor lo goi (pineapple cap) is a colloquialism for kneecap.
 The Terrornauts is a 1967 science fiction film produced by Amicus Productions. It went out on a double bill with They Came from Beyond Space. This double bill has been called the two worst films the company ever produced.
 Secuestrados is a 2010 Spanish psychological thriller directed by Miguel Ángel Vivas and was written by Javier García.
 O Xangô de Baker Street (English title: A Samba for Sherlock) is 2001 Brazilian-Portuguese film directed by Miguel Faria Jr. based on the novel of the same by Jô Soares. The film was first announced in 1996 but the filming only started on September 1998 in Porto Portugal lasting untill 1999.
 Let's Pollute! is an animated short created by Geefwee Boedoe. The film is a modern satire decrying pollution waste and consumerism animated in a 1950s educational film style.
 So Young So Bad is a black-and-white 1950 American film. It stars Paul Henreid and was directed by Bernard Vorhaus.It features the film debut of Rita Moreno and the first major screen role for Anne Francis.The film is about a psychiatrist's efforts to help girls at a reform school.
 Signorinette is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Carla Del Poggio.
 Satruvu is a 1991 Telugu crime thriller film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and produced by M.S. Raju. Venkatesh Kota Srinivasa Rao and Vijayashanti played the lead roles. The film was released to positive reviews and emerged as a blockbuster.
 Syndicate Sadists also known as Rambo's Revenge and One Just Man (in original Italian Il giustiziere sfida la città) is a 1975 poliziotteschi film. This film by Umberto Lenzi one of the director's many work in the crime thriller genre. It stars Joseph Cotten and Tomas Milian.
 Born to Gamble (1935) is an American film directed by Phil Rosen and released by Republic Pictures.
 Strawberry Fields (1997) is an independent feature film directed by Japanese American filmmaker Rea Tajiri and co-written by Tajiri and Japanese Canadian author Kerri Sakamoto.
 Aztec Warrior is an upcoming American action comedy film directed by Scott Sanders and written by Diego O'Brien from a story by himself and Javier Chapa starring Nadine Velazquez Terry Crews Luis Da Silva Luis Guzmán Elena Sanchez and Eugenio Derbez.
 Witness to Apartheid is a 1986 American documentary film directed by Sharon I. Sopher. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Written by Sharon I. Sopher and Peter Kinoy the film also won a Cine Golden Eagle. The filmmaker Sharon I. Sopher also won an Emmy Award for its direction.
 Garden of Love is a 2003 German horror film directed and written by Olaf Ittenbach. in this movie a murderous spirit haunts the woman who was his daughter in life.
 Cross Current (Italian: Un omicidio perfetto a termine di legge Spanish: Homicidio al límite de la ley) is a 1971 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Tonino Ricci.
 Mr. Bean's Holiday is a 2007 British comedy film directed by Steve Bendelack and starring Rowan Atkinson Max Baldry Emma de Caunes and Willem Dafoe. It is the second film based on the television series Mr. Bean following the 1997 Bean.
 Rang Birangi is a 1983 Hindi film based on a story by noted Hindi writer Kamleshwar and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. This comedy classic is most remembered for the Utpal Dutt's role of Police Inspector Dhurindhar Bhatawrekar which won him the Filmfare Best Comedian Award for the year.
 He Snoops to Conquer is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby Robertson Hare Elizabeth Allan and Claude Bailey. Its plot involves an odd job man who becomes mixed up in corruption in politics and town planning. Its title is a paronomasia of the famous comedic play She Stoops to Conquer.
 The Desert Within (Spanish: Desierto Adentro) is a 2008 Spanish language religion themed drama film written and directed by Uruguayan-born Mexican film-maker Rodrigo Plá. The film was inspired by the diaries of the Christian existentialist philosopher Søren Kierkegaard. It won seven awards at the 2008 Guadalajara International Film Festival.
 His Private Secretary is a 1933 American comedy film starring Evalyn Knapp and John Wayne.
 Miss Congeniality is a 2000 comedy film directed by Donald Petrie written by Marc Lawrence Katie Ford and Caryn Lucas starring Sandra Bullock Michael Caine Benjamin Bratt and Candice Bergen.
 Thieves Quartet is a 1994 film directed by Joe Chappelle.
 Once Before I Die is a 1966 war drama starring Ursula Andress and her husband John Derek who also directed. The film was based on a 1945 novel Quit for the Next by Lieutenant Anthony March.In this film a band of American soldiers and one woman get trapped behind enemy lines in the Philippines after the attack on Pearl Harbor. In harrowing circumstances they struggle for courage and fight to stay alive.
 Archie's Final Project is a teen comedy-drama film directed by David Lee Miller and starring Gabriel Sunday. It won the best feature film prize for the 2009 Berlin International Film Festival's youth film section Generation 14plus. It is scheduled for limited release in Los Angeles New York City and Santa Fe New Mexico in September 2011 (having been changed from its original title My Suicide) and was released on DVD December 6.
 Sugar Cane Alley (French title: La Rue Cases-Nègres) is a 1983 film directed by Euzhan Palcy. It is set in Martinique in the 1930s where blacks working sugarcane fields were still treated harshly by the white ruling class. It is based on a semi-autobiographical novel by Joseph Zobel of the same name or alternatively titled Black Shack Alley.
 Behind the Screen is a 1916 short silent film written by directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin and also starring Eric Campbell and Edna Purviance.
 King of the Coral Sea is a 1954 film starring Chips Rafferty and Charles Tingwell directed by Lee Robinson and shot on location in Thursday Island. It was one of the most commercially successful Australian films of the 1950s and marked the feature film debut of Rod Taylor.
 La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as Operation Leopard is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.
 K3 en het Magische Medaillon (English: K3 and the Magical Medallion) is a 2004 children's comedy film starring girl band K3 – Kathleen Aerts Karen Damen and Kristel Verbeke – in their first full-length theater film.
 Love's Confusion (German: Verwirrung der Liebe) is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Slátan Dudow. It was released in 1959.
 Carved 2 is a 2008 Japanese horror film. It's the prequel to the movie Carved. It was released on March 22 2008 and was directed by Kotaro Terauchi. It is based on a legend and some actual events that occurred in Japan. It deals with the origins of the Slit-Mouthed Woman.Sixteen-year-old actress Rin Asuka takes the lead as high school girl Mayumi whose face is disfigured by an attack with sulfuric acid.
 Letters in the Wind (Persian: Namehay Bad‎) is a critically acclaimed Iranian film of 2002. It was the directorial debut of Ali Reza-Amini.
 Als in een Roes is a 1986 Dutch film directed by Pim de la Parra.
 Battle of the Year is a 2013 American 3D dance film directed by Benson Lee. The film was released on September 20 2013 through Screen Gems and stars Josh Holloway Chris Brown Laz Alonso Caity Lotz and Josh Peck. Battle of the Year is based upon Lee's documentary about the b-boying competition of the same name. It initially held the working title of Planet B Boy and includes some cinematography by the original doc DP Vasco Nunes.
 When Harry Met Sally… is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written by Nora Ephron and directed by Rob Reiner. It stars Billy Crystal as Harry and Meg Ryan as Sally. The story follows the title characters from the time they meet just before sharing a cross-country drive through twelve years or so of chance encounters in New York City.
 The Fighting Gringo is a 1939 Western film directed by David Howard and featuring William Royle George O'Brien and Lupita Tovar. It was produced under the RKO Pictures banner. Ben Johnson had a small uncredited early role as a Mexican barfly and did some work as a stuntman.
 Sing Your Worries Away is a 1942 musical film.
 Their Own Desire is a 1929 American romantic drama film starring Norma Shearer Belle Bennett Lewis Stone Robert Montgomery and Helene Millard. The film was adapted by James Forbes and Frances Marion from the novel by Sarita Fuller and was directed by E. Mason Hopper.Shearer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress but lost to herself for The Divorcee.
 Al-Tareeq al-Masdood (Arabic: الطريق المسدود‎ English: The Barred Road) is a 1958 Egyptian drama/romance film.Directed by the Egyptian film director Salah Abu Seif this film is based on a novel with the same name written by the Egyptian novelist Ihsan Abdel Quddous. The film was co-written by El Sayed Bedeir and the Nobel Prize-winning writer Naguib Mahfouz. It starred Faten Hamama and Ahmed Mazhar.
 Lilja 4-ever is a 2002 Swedish-Danish drama film directed by Lukas Moodysson. Lilja 4-ever is an unremittingly brutal and realistic story of the downward spiral of Lilja played by Oksana Akinshina a girl in the former Soviet Union whose mother abandons her to move to the United States. The story is loosely based on the true case of Danguolė Rasalaitė and examines the issue of human trafficking and sexual slavery.The film received positive reviews both in Sweden and abroad.
 High School (also known as HIGH school) is a 2010 American stoner black comedy film starring Adrien Brody. It is the feature-length directorial debut of John Stalberg Jr.. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was theatrically distributed by Anchor Bay Films on June 1 2012.
 Disconnect is a 2012 American thriller film directed by Henry Alex Rubin and stars an ensemble cast which includes Jason Bateman Hope Davis Frank Grillo Andrea Riseborough Paula Patton Michael Nyqvist Alexander Skarsgård and Max Thieriot. The film also marks the acting debut of fashion designer Marc Jacobs.
 Claire of the Moon is a 1992 lesbian-themed rhetoric drama film. The film stars Trisha Todd and Karen Trumbo.
 Finding Rin Tin Tin is a 2007 Bulgarian–American drama film directed by Israeli filmmaker Danny Lerner.
 Stop at Nothing is a 1991 television film directed by Chris Thomson. The thriller starring Veronica Hamell and Lindsay Frost premiered on ABC and has since been frequently aired on Lifetime Television.
 Yukon Vengeance is a 1954 American western film directed by William Beaudine and starring Kirby Grant Monte Hale and Mary Ellen Kay. It was the tenth and final film featuring Grant as Mountie Corporal Rod Webb assisted by his dog Chinook.
 St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian: Szent Péter esernyöje) is a 1935 Hungarian drama film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Marica Gervai Lajos Básti and Pál Kalmár. It was based on the 1895 novel St. Peter's Umbrella by Kálmán Mikszáth which had previously been adapted into a silent film in 1917.
 Mulan is a 1998 American animated musical action-comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation based on the Chinese legend of Hua Mulan. The 36th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics it was directed by Tony Bancroft and Barry Cook with story by Robert D. San Souci and screenplay by Rita Hsiao Philip LaZebnik Chris Sanders Eugenia Bostwick-Singer and Raymond Singer.
 Rhyme & Reason is a 1997 documentary film about rap and hip hop. Documentary filmmaker Peter Spirer interviewed over 80 significant artists in rap and hip hop music. This documentary explores the history of hip hop culture how rap evolved to become a major cultural voice (and a multi-billion dollar industry) and what the artists have to say about the music's often controversial images and reputation.
 Runaway is a 1984 science fiction action film starring Tom Selleck Gene Simmons Cynthia Rhodes and features Kirstie Alley in one of her early roles. The film was written and directed by Michael Crichton. Jerry Goldsmith composed the original musical score which was the composer's first all-electronic soundtrack. The film was marketed with the tagline It is the future. Machines intended to do our work are programmed to turn against us.
 Destroyer is a 1943 Columbia Pictures war film starring Edward G. Robinson and Glenn Ford as U. S. Navy sailors in World War II.
 Johanna Enlists is a 1918 silent film comedy-drama produced by and starring Mary Pickford with distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by William Desmond Taylor from a short story by Rupert Hughes The Mobilization of Johanna. Frances Marion a frequent Pickford collaborator wrote the scenario. The film was made at a time during WW1 when sentimental or patriotic film were immensely popular. It's an early starring vehicle for Monte Blue the male lead opposite Pickford here.
 Invisible Agent is a 1942 American science fiction film from Universal. The film was a wartime propaganda production that was part of a Hollywood effort to boost morale at the home front. It loosely echoed a series of formula war-horror films produced during this period that typically featured a mad scientist working in secret to aid the Third Reich.This film was directed by Edwin L.
 Naruto Shippuden the Movie: The Lost Tower (劇場版 NARUTO-ナルト-疾風伝 ザ・ロストタワー Gekijōban Naruto Shippūden: Za Rosuto Tawā) is the seventh overall Naruto film and the fourth Naruto Shippūden film. It was released on July 31 2010 with advance ticket sale events having been scheduled for April 17 and June 19. The DVD version of the movie was released on April 27 2011.
 A Way Out of the Wilderness is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Dan E. Weisburd. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 I predoni del Sahara (Raiders of the Sahara) is a 1965 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta.
 Swing Fever is a 1943 American musical comedy film. Kay Kyser plays an ambitious music composer also gifted with a hypnotic evil eye who gets mixed up with promoting a boxer. The film features Marilyn Maxwell William Gargan Nat Pendleton and Lena Horne and was directed by Tim Whelan. Amid the credited music and boxing-world cameos many other familiar faces can be glimpsed: Tommy Dorsey Harry James Mike Mazurki Mantan Moreland and a young Ava Gardner.
 The Speed Girl is a lost 1921 silent film comedy produced by Realart Pictures and released through Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Maurice Campbell a Broadway director and producer and starred Bebe Daniels then a popular 20 year old veteran film actress.The film was supposedly expanded into a screenplay from Bebe Daniels's real life jail sentence of 10 days for speeding.(See AllMovie below)
 The 7th Day (Spanish: El 7º día) is a 2004 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura. It stars Victoria Abril Yohana Cobo and Juan Diego. The plot based on a true story follows a bitter rivalry between two families that started with an ill-fated love affair and grows over three decades.
 Jailhouse Rock is a 1957 American musical drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Elvis Presley Judy Tyler and Mickey Shaughnessy. Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and dramatized by Guy Trosper from a story written by Nedrick Young the film is about a young man sentenced to prison for manslaughter who is mentored in music by his prison cellmate who realizes his musical abilities.
 Open Up to Me (Finnish: Kerron sinulle kaiken) is a 2013 Finnish film directed and written by Simo Halinen. It tells a story of Maarit (Leea Klemola) a woman who has just gone through a sex reassignment surgery. She wants to rebuild her relationship to her teenage daughter and is also looking for a man to share her life with. The film was nominated for the 2013 Nordic Council Film Prize.
 Kucch Luv Jaisaa (Hindi: कुछ लव जैस) is a 2011 Indian film. Written and directed by Barnali Shukla the film stars Shefali Shah and Rahul Bose. Kucch Luv Jaisaa marks the second film that Bose and Shah have acted in together; they also played a married couple in Aparna Sen's 15 Park Avenue (2005). Model Neetu Chandra and television actor Sumeet Raghavan are also in the film. The music is by Pritam.
 Desyat Negrityat (Russian: Десять негритят) is a 1987 Soviet film adaptation of Agatha Christie's novel And Then There Were None It was directed by Stanislav Govorukhin who also penned the script.This version is unique in that virtually none of the novel is altered.
 The Secret Agent Club is a family oriented action film directed by John Murlowski. The film is about a secret spy (Hulk Hogan) who steals a laser gun and pretends that it is a toy but gets in trouble when the people find out who he stole the gun from.
 Jedara Bale (Kannada: ಜೇಡರ ಬಲೆ) is a 1968 Kannada film directed by Dorai-Bhagavan starring Rajkumar Jayanthi K. S. Ashwath Narasimharaju and Udaykumar. It was the first of a series of movies created along the lines of the James Bond films. The music of the film was composed by G. K. Venkatesh.
 A Christmas Carol is a 1910 silent film directed by J. Searle Dawley for Edison. It runs 10 minutes and is one of the earliest film adaptations of Charles Dickens' famous 1843 novella. It featured Marc McDermott as Ebenezer Scrooge and Charles S. Ogle as Bob Cratchit.
 Bandhan (Bengali: বন্ধন) is a Bengali family Drama movie released in 2004. It was directed by Rabi Kinagi and featured Jeet Koyel Mullick in double role and Victor Banerjee in the lead role. Bandhan was a huge success in Bengal and was a Blockbuster at the Box office. It was also the highest grossing Bengali film of 2004. The film was a remake of Tamil film Unnai Thedi.
 Hotel Chevalier is a short film written and directed by Wes Anderson and released in 2007. Starring Jason Schwartzman and Natalie Portman as former lovers who reunite in a Paris hotel room the 13-minute film acts as a prologue to Anderson's 2007 feature The Darjeeling Limited. It was shot on location in a Parisian hotel by a small crew and self-financed by Anderson who initially intended it to be a stand-alone work.
 1957: Hati Malaya (Malay for 1957: Heart of Malaya) is a Malaysian historical film released on 25 October 2007.
 Lady in Cement is a 1968 detective film directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Frank Sinatra Raquel Welch Dan Blocker Martin Gabel and Richard Conte.A sequel to the 1967 film Tony Rome and based on the novel by Marvin H. Albert Lady In Cement was released on November 20 1968.
 Les Amants du pont Saint-Jean is a 1947 French film directed by Henri Decoin. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dangerous Traffic is a 1926 American dramatic action silent film directed by Bennett Cohen and starring Ralph Bushman and Mildred Harris.
 Hart's War is a 2002 film about a World War II prisoner of war (POW) camp based on the novel by John Katzenbach. It stars Bruce Willis Colin Farrell Terrence Howard and Marcel Iureş. The film directed by Gregory Hoblit was shot at Barrandov Studios in Prague and released on 15 February 2002. The film earned mixed reviews and was a box office failure.
 Más negro que la noche (Blacker Than Night) is a 1975 Mexican horror film written and directed by Carlos Enrique Taboada.
 Long Night in 1943 The Long Night of '43 or It Happened in '43 (original Italian title - La lunga notte del '43) is an Italian film of 1960 set during the Allied invasion of Italy and Italian Social Republic in 1943 during the Second World War. It was directed by Florestano Vancini and adapted by Vancini Ennio De Concini and Pier Paolo Pasolini from a novel by Giorgio Bassani.In 2008 the film was selected to enter the list of the 100 Italian films to be saved.
 Krazzy 4 is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by Jaideep Sen and produced by Rakesh Roshan. The film stars Juhi Chawla Arshad Warsi Irrfan Khan Suresh Menon and Rajpal Yadav in lead roles while Shahrukh Khan and Hrithik Roshan appear in item numbers.
 The Yankee Consul is a 1924 American black-and-white silent comedy film directed by James W. Horne and written by Raymond Cannon. With a screen adaptation by Lewis Milestone and Raymond Griffith the film is based upon the 1904 Broadway play The Yankee Consul; a Musical Comedy by Alfred G. Robyn and Henry Martyn Blossom.The film premiered in New York City on February 10 1924 and had general theatrical release beginning February 24 1924. It has a 1925 release in Austria as Der Wilde Konsul.
 Code Two is a 1953 film about men training to be motorcycle cops.
 The Lady Gambles is a 1949 drama film starring Barbara Stanwyck and Robert Preston. A woman accompanies her husband to Las Vegas and becomes addicted to gambling.
 Love (2008) is a Bengali film by Indian director Riingo Banerjee and based upon Love Story by Erich Segal.
 Watch Horror Films Keep America Strong! is a 2008 documentary about the popular television series Creature Features televised out of Oakland California 1971 to 1984. Produced by independent filmmakers Tom Wyrsch and Robert Napton the film features interviews with Creature Feature hosts Bob Wilkins and John Stanley classic clips as well as interviews with other key figures close to the show. The film premiered in May 2008 at the Grand Lake Theater in Oakland California.
 The Virgin and the Gypsy is a 1970 British drama film directed by Christopher Miles based on the novel of the same name. It was screened at the 1970 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.
 A Bright Shining Lie is an 1998 American television film based on Neil Sheehan's book of the same name and true story of John Paul Vann's experience in the Vietnam War. It stars Bill Paxton Amy Madigan Vivian Wu Donal Logue Eric Bogosian and Kurtwood Smith and is written & directed by Terry George and produced by Greg Ricketson.
 Good Neighbor Sam is a 1964 American comedy film co-written and directed by David Swift and starring Jack Lemmon Dorothy Provine and Romy Schneider.It was based on the novel by Jack Finney. The screenplay was the motion picture debut of James Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum who had written many American television situation comedies[citation needed] including Mr. Peepers (created by David Swift). Greenbaum also created the mobile sculpture featured in the film.
 Women... Oh Women! (日本の夜　女・女・女物語 Nihon no yoru: Onna onna onna monogatari A Night In Japan: Woman Woman Woman Story) is a 1963 Japanese documentary Pink film. The first of these softcore pornographic film directed by Tetsuji Takechi it was released in the United States in 1964.
 Inshallah Kashmir (also known as Inshallah Kashmir: Living Terror) is a 2012 documentary film directed produced and written by Ashvin Kumar. It is the story of contemporary Kashmir. A series of counterpointed testimonies the heartbreaking coming-of-age of ordinary people; warped and brutalised by two decades of militancy and its terrible response.
 Weite Straßen – stille Liebe is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 I Am a Dancer is a 1972 ballet film.
 Absolute Deception (also known as Deception) is a 2013 American thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. and Emmanuelle Vaugier. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on June 11 2013.
 The Bird with the Crystal Plumage (Italian: L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Dario Argento in his directorial debut. The film is considered a landmark in the Italian giallo genre.
 Nirbhoya is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Milan Bhowmik and produced by Sanjib Samaddar under the banner of Sambit Media and Productions. The film is based on the 2012 Delhi gang rape case. Apart from West Bengal the film will also be released in other states like Orissa Assam and Bihar. Another version of the film dubbed in Hindi script treatment done by Sudeshu Shivam will also be released.
 Yamato Takeru (released as Orochi the Eight-Headed Dragon in the US by ADV Films and Section 23 Films) is a 1994 Japanese film. The film was produced by the Japanese film company Toho and released in Japan on July 9 1994.
 Llévame contigo is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Juan Sires.
 Mademoiselle from Armentieres is a 1926 British World War I silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Estelle Brody John Stuart and Alf Goddard. The film was Elvey's first collaboration with screenwriter Victor Saville. It was followed by a 1928 sequel Mademoiselle Parley Voo.
 Circumstance is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by Lawson Harris.
 The Anna Nicole Smith Story (Working Title: Anna Nicole: The Movie) is the title of a biographical movie depicting the life of Anna Nicole Smith released on DVD on September 22 2009.The film has been released by Nasser Entertainment Group and stars Willa Ford in the title role. The film's production was described as fast track by the film's producer Joseph Nasser.
 King of Kings is a 1961 American biblical epic film made by Samuel Bronston Productions and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Directed by Nicholas Ray it is a retelling of the story of Jesus from his birth to his crucifixion and resurrection with some embellishments.
 Open Road is a 2012 American-Brazilian drama film directed by Marcio Garcia. The film follows the story of Angie a young Brazilian artist who travels to the United States in a journey of self-discovery. Arriving in the United States she rents a car and starts running through the streets and meets Chuck a street dweller.
 Spellcaster is a 1992 American film starring Adam Ant.
 Permanent Vacation is a 1980 film directed written and produced by Jim Jarmusch. It was the director's first release and was shot on 16 mm film shortly after he dropped out of film school. This film is often credited as the birth of the director's original style and character schemes. The film won the Josef von Sternberg Award at the 1980 Mannheim-Heidelberg International Filmfestival.
 Sket is a 2011 British urban retribution thriller film set in the inner estates of East London. Released in October 2011 the film comes from the makers of Shank and Anuvahood. Starring Lily Loveless Aimee Kelly Adelayo Adedayo Emma Hartley-Miller Slaine Kelly Varada Sethu and Ashley Walters as the lead stars the film is the feature-length directorial debut of writer Nirpal Bhogal. Sket was filmed on location in London.
 Lucrezia Borgia (Spanish:Lucrecia Borgia) is a 1947 Argentine historical film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and starring Olinda Bozán Héctor Quintanilla and Gogó Andreu. The film portrays the life of Lucrezia Borgia (1480-1519).
 Kill Your Idols is a documentary film about three decades of art punk bands in New York City directed and produced by Scott Crary and executive produced by Dan Braun and Josh Braun. The film debuted at the 2004 Tribeca Film Festival where it won the award for Best Documentary.
 Action in Arabia (AKA Danger in Damascus and International Zone) is a 1944 film starring George Sanders and Virginia Bruce. The film was written by Philip MacDonald and Herbert J. Biberman and directed by Leonide Moguy. The supporting cast includes Gene Lockhart and Robert Armstrong and the plot involves trouble and intrigue with the Nazis in Damascus who scheme to seize control of the Suez Canal.
 A Scream from Silence (French: Mourir à tue-tête) is a 1979 Canadian drama film directed by Anne Claire Poirier. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Old People (Spanish: Los viejos) is a 2011 Bolivian drama film directed by Martín Boulocq.
 Road Movie (Hindi: रोड मूवी) is a 2009 Indian road movie directed by Dev Benegal and starring Abhay Deol Tannishtha Chatterjee and Satish Kaushik. It premiered at the 2009 Toronto Film Festival and opened the section Generation 14plus at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2010. Road Movie was released in India on 5 March 2010.
 The Charge at Feather River is a 1953 Western film directed by Gordon Douglas was originally released in 3D with lots of arrows lances and other weapons flying directly at the audience in several scenes.The movie is most notable for originating the name of the Wilhelm scream a sound effect used in the Star Wars film series as well as countless other movies including Indiana Jones (franchise) Disney cartoons and The Lord of the Rings (film series).
 Il sindacalista (The Trade Unionist) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.
 Los Dos rivales is a 1944 Argentine film.
 Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is a 2009 American action horror film directed by Patrick Tatopoulos. It is the third (chronologically the first) installment and the prequel film to the Underworld series focusing primarily on the origins of the characters and the events that lead up to the Vampire–Lycan war depicted in the previous films Underworld and Underworld: Evolution.
 Gettysburg is a 1993 epic war film written and directed by Ronald F. Maxwell adapted from the novel The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film stars were Tom Berenger Jeff Daniels and Martin Sheen. Randy Edelman composed the score. It was Richard Jordan's last movie.
 Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero (also known as Bose: The Forgotten Hero) is a 2004 film directed by Shyam Benegal and starring Sachin Khedekar Kulbhushan Kharbanda Rajit Kapur Arif Zakaria and Divya Dutta. The movie depicts the life of the Indian independence leader Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
 The V.I.P.s also known as Hotel International is a 1963 British drama film. It was directed by Anthony Asquith produced by Anatole de Grunwald and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Blood Feast 2: All U Can Eat is a 2002 splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It is a sequel to Lewis's 1963 cult classic original Blood Feast. Filmed under a working title of Blood Feast 2: Buffet of Blood and using the same grindhouse style as its predecessor the film continues the story began in the original film where a grandson of Fuad Ramses attempts to restart his uncle's catering business.
 Half of a Yellow Sun is a 2013 Nigerian drama film directed by Biyi Bandele and based on the novel of the same name by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. The film is a love story that follows two sisters who are caught up in the outbreak of the Nigerian Civil War.It stars Chiwetel Ejiofor Thandie Newton Onyeka Onwenu Genevieve Nnaji and OC Ukeje. The film premiered in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 I Do is a 1921 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. This short is notable for having a cartoon wedding in the first scene.
 Promise Me This is a film written and directed by the award-winning Serbian filmmaker Emir Kusturica. The film screened on May 26 2007 at the 60th annual Cannes Film Festival. The international title of the film is Promise Me This but the film is known as Zavet (Завет the testament) in Serbian.
 Piedone lo sbirro (internationally released as Flatfoot The Knock Out Cop A Fistful of Hell and Mad Bad Bud) is a 1973 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Steno. The film obtained a great commercial success generated three sequels and a parody (Piedino il questorino starring Franco Franchi).
 Mystery Monsters is a 1997 film directed by Charles Band.
 Jazzmania is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then-wife Mae Murray. In keeping with Murray's previous films and a few of her succeeding films the movie possesses some of the most provocative attire worn by an actress in film up to that time. As with Fascination Edmund Goulding wrote the original screen story and screenplay. A print of the film located at the George Eastman House.
 Il Figlio di Lagardere is a 1952 Italian film.
 Les Misérables is a 2000 French television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. The miniseries was broadcast in four parts. A three hour English version was also released.
 His Secretary was a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by Hobart Henley. The film starred Norma Shearer and Lew Cody. It is now considered lost.
 Saving My Hubby (Hangul: 굳세어라 금순아; RR: Gudseura Geum-suna; lit. Be Brave Geum-soon!) is a 2002 South Korean film starring Bae Doona and is the directorial debut of Hyun Nam-seop.
 Pedar (Persian:پدر ) is a 1996 Iranian film by director Majid Majidi. It won a number of awards at film festivals both within Iran and internationally. The word pedar means father in English.
 The Ring is a 1927 British silent sports film directed and written by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Carl Brisson Lillian Hall-Davis and Ian Hunter. It is one of Hitchcock's nine surviving silent films. The Ring is Hitchcock's only original screenplay although he worked extensively alongside other writers throughout his career.
 Light of Day is a 1987 American drama film starring Michael J. Fox Gena Rowlands and Joan Jett. It was written and directed by Paul Schrader. The original music score was composed by Thomas Newman and the cinematography is by John Bailey. So far this is Paul Schrader's only film to have a PG-13 rating by the MPAA.
 Super Speedway is a 1997 documentary racing film chronicling one man's quest to get his new Champ Car Lola chassis up to speed and another's goal of rebuilding an old 1964 roadster once driven by the legendary Mario Andretti. The film was directed by renowned IMAX director Stephen Low and produced by Pietro Serapiglia. It was narrated by Paul Newman (who was himself an avid racer and co-owner of Newman/Haas Racing). It first premiered at IMAX theaters nationwide.
 Visions of Ecstasy is a 1989 short film that became the only work to be refused a certification by the British Board of Film Classification on the grounds of blasphemy. The film which was directed by Nigel Wingrove was banned because it featured sexualised scenes of Saint Teresa of Ávila with the body of Jesus on the cross.
 The Rings is a 1985 Iranian horror mystery film written by director Mohsen Makhmalbaf and directed by Mohammad Reza Honarmand. It tells the story of a reporter investigating the sudden inexplicable deaths of a growing number of people who had received phone calls informing them of exactly how long they had to live. The word Zangha is Persian for The Rings (as in telephone rings).
 Busy Buddies is the 78th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Presumed Innocent is a 1990 film adaptation of the best-selling novel of the same name by Scott Turow which tells the story of a prosecutor charged with the murder of his female colleague and mistress.Directed by Alan J. Pakula the film stars Harrison Ford Brian Dennehy Raúl Juliá Bonnie Bedelia Paul Winfield and Greta Scacchi.
 White Paper (Persian: Kaghaz-e Sefid کاغذ سفید) is 2010 Iranian animated short film directed by Seyed Mohsen Pourmohseni Shakib. It is director's debut short animation.
 008: Operation Exterminate (Italian: A 008 operazione Sterminio) is a 1965 Italian Eurospy action film directed and written by Umberto Lenzi and filmed in Egypt.
 Astero (Greek: Αστέρω) is a 1959 Greek drama film directed by Dinos Dimopoulos. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 While I Live is a 1947 British drama film directed by John Harlow. While I Live is best remembered for its musical theme The Dream of Olwen composed by Charles Williams reprised at intervals throughout the film which became hugely popular in its time and is still regularly performed. The film itself became widely known as The Dream of Olwen.
 The Baby and the Battleship is a colour 1956 British comedy film directed by Jay Lewis and starring John Mills Richard Attenborough and André Morell. It is based on the 1956 novel by Anthony Thorne with a screenplay by Richard De Roy Gilbert Hackforth-Jones and Bryan Forbes. The Royal Navy provided a large amount of cooperation with sequences filmed aboard HMS Birmingham and in Malta.
 A Girl of London is a 1925 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Genevieve Townsend Ian Hunter and Nora Swinburne. Its plot concerns the son of a member of parliament who is disowned by his father when he marries a girl who works in a factory. Meanwhile he tries to rescue his new wife from her stepfather who operates a drugs den. It was based on a novel by Douglas Walshe.
 Undeclared War is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Danny Lee Olivia Hussey Peter Lapis Rosamund Kwan and Vernon G. Wells.
 Body and Soul is a 1927 silent film starring Aileen Pringle Norman Kerry and Lionel Barrymore. The film was directed by Reginald Barker.
 Kirayadar is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by B.R Chopra. It stars Raj Babbar and Padmini Kolhapure in pivotal roles.
 Laheri Badmash is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Woman Hater is a 1948 British romantic comedy film directed by Terence Young and starring Stewart Granger Edwige Feuillère and Ronald Squire. Lord Datchett invites a French film star to stay as his house but pretends to be one of his employees while he tries to romance her with the help of his butler. When she discovers his subterfuge she decides to turn the tables on him.
 The Firm is a British 2009 drama film based around football hooliganism written and directed by Nick Love. The film is a remake of the original 1989 version.
 The Bodyguard from Beijing also known as The Defender in the United States and the United Kingdom is a 1994 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen starring Jet Li Christy Chung Collin Chou and Kent Cheng.
 Shilpi (The Artist) is a 1994 Bengali film. The film was directed by Nabyendu Chattopadhyay. The film was produced by National Film Development Corporation of India.
 River's Edge is a 1986 American drama film directed by Tim Hunter written by Neal Jimenez and starring Crispin Glover Keanu Reeves Ione Skye Daniel Roebuck and Dennis Hopper.The movie was awarded Best Picture at the 1986 Independent Spirit Awards.
 Rahasyam (Telugu: రహస్యం) is a 1967 Telugu film produced by A. Shankar Reddy starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles. It was a musical hit with many songs are remembered by Telugu people even today. The movie songs were all-time favorite of Ghantasala.
 Prairie Pioneers is a 1941 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.
 Zindagani is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Prabhat Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty Raakhee Rati Agnihotri Suresh Oberoi Ranjeet Iftekhar and Amjad Khan
 Mondo Cannibale (also known as Cannibals Die Blonde Gottin White Cannibal Queen and Barbarian Goddess) is a 1980 cannibal film by prolific Spanish exploitation director Jesús Franco which starred a 17-year-old Sabrina Siani .
 Akrebin Yolculuğu is a 1997 Turkish romance film directed by Ömer Kavur. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ultrachrist is a 2003 comedy film produced by LeisureSuit Media in which Jesus returns to modern-day New York City to fulfill biblical prophecies and usher in 2000 years of godly peace. When he discovers that he is unable to relate to modern youth he dons a superhero costume and appears to the world as Ultrachrist!The movie stars Jonathan C. Green as Jesus/Ultrachrist was written by Kerry Douglas Dye and Jordan Hoffman and directed by Kerry Douglas Dye.
 I Want Your Love is the title of both a 2010 short film and a 2012 feature-length film. Both films were directed and written by Travis Mathews.
 Onsdagsväninnan is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Sture Lagerwall and Alice O'Fredericks.The film was based on the play Peter den store by Paul Sarauw which premiered in 1930 at Det Ny Theater. In 1943 the play was filmed in a Danish version as Hans onsdagsveninde also directed by O'Fredericks.
 Come Back Charleston Blue is a 1972 film starring Godfrey Cambridge and Raymond St. Jacques loosely based on Chester Himes' novel The Heat's On. It is a sequel to the 1970 film Cotton Comes to Harlem.
 Pattanathil Sundaran is a 2003 Malayalam film directed by Vipin Mohan and starring Dileep and Navya Nair.
 Death from a Distance is a 1935 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.It was the first feature film broadcast on U.S. commercial television on July 2 1941 during the first week of official commercial broadcasts on NBC's New York television station WNBT-TV.
 Through Fire and Water is a 1923 British silent adventure film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Clive Brook Flora le Breton and Lawford Davidson. It was based on the novel Greensea Island by Victor Bridges.
 Count Three and Pray is a 1955 CinemaScope western film starring Van Heflin Joanne Woodward (in her film debut) and Raymond Burr. It was based on the story Calico Pony (also the working title of the film by Herb Meadow). It premiered in Woodward's home town Greenville South Carolina at the Paris Theatre.
 Embodiment of Evil (Portuguese: Encarnação do Demônio) is a 2008 Brazilian horror film by Brazilian film director José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe). It is the third installment of his Coffin Joe trilogy.
 Sebastiane is a 1976 film written and directed by Derek Jarman and Paul Humfress. It portrays the events of the life of Saint Sebastian including his iconic martyrdom by arrows. The film which was aimed at a gay audience was controversial for the homoeroticism portrayed between the soldiers and for being dialogued entirely in Latin.
 Banglar Nayok also (Bengali: বাংলার নায়ক meaning of English: The Hero of Bengal) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language commercial and social action based stories film. The film was directed by Dewan Nazrul. It was released throughout Bangladesh in 1995. It was produced by Jams Bangladesh Pvt. Ltd.The film stars Jashim Shabana Riaz Sonia and many more. Also the story written by hero Jashim. This was Riaz's film debut though he was not the lead and only appears in the supporting hero.
 My Blue Heaven is a 1950 Technicolor musical film directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable and Dan Dailey.
 Loveaholic (Thai: โคตรรักเอ็งเลย or Khoht-rak-eng-loei) is a 2006 Thai romantic comedy film directed by Ping Lumpraploeng and starring Thai comedian Udom Taephanit.
 Earth Made of Glass is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Deborah Scranton about the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. Filming occurred in Rwanda and France. It premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival in the World Documentary Competition on April 26 2010.Earth Made of Glass aired on HBO TV in April 2011 and it was nominated as Best Documentary by the Producer's Guild of America. The film won a Peabody Award in 2012.
 Ooruku Nooruper (sometimes Oorukku Nooruper; A Hundred Voices for a Cause) is a 2001 Tamil film by film editor B. Lenin. The screenplay was based on a 1979 novel of the same name by Jayakanthan.
 Brake Fail is a 2009 Bengali film. The film was directed by Kaushik Ganguly. The film was produced by Mumbai Mantra and the music of the film was composed by Neel Dutt.
 Omen III: The Final Conflict (sometimes known as simply The Final Conflict) is a 1981 American horror film directed by Graham Baker and the third installment in The Omen series. Starring Sam Neill Lisa Harrow and Rossano Brazzi the film tells the progression of the now adult Damien Thorn to position of earthly power set against the countdown to the Second Coming and attempts of a group of priests to kill the Antichrist. The film was released in theatres on March 20 1981.
 The Easter Bunny is Comin' to Town is a stop motion holiday TV special by Rankin/Bass. It originally debuted on the ABC network on April 6 1977 at 8 p.m.
 Gracie's Choice is a 2004 television movie that premiered on Lifetime written by Joyce Eliason and directed by Peter Werner and starring Kristen Bell Anne Heche Diane Ladd and Kristin Fairlie.
 El inquilino (English: The Tenant) is a 1957 Spanish drama film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde about how difficult is to live in a flat in Madrid. It was banned by Spanish censors and when it was re-released two years later it was cut the dialogues were removed and the ending was totally changed. It also failed at the box office.In the 90's an un-cut and uncensored print was discovered and restored by Filmoteca Española (Spanish Cinemateque).
 The County Chairman is a 1935 comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Will Rogers.
 My Fighting Gentleman (also known as A Son of Battle) is a 1917 American silent historical drama film directed by Edward Sloman with the storyline by Doris Schroeder and Nell Shipman. Starring William Russell and Francelia Billington.
 Parked is a 2010 drama film directed by Darragh Byrne.
 The Machinist is a 2004 Spanish psychological thriller film in English language directed by Brad Anderson and written by Scott Kosar. The film stars Christian Bale with Jennifer Jason Leigh John Sharian Aitana Sánchez-Gijón and Michael Ironside.
 Joan of Arc of Mongolia (German: Johanna D'Arc of Mongolia) is a 1989 German drama film directed by Ulrike Ottinger. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Cleaning Time is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Nailbiter is a 2013 horror film directed by Patrick Rea. The movie was first released onto DVD in Japan on January 25 2013 and received its American debut on April 5 2013 at the Phoenix Film Festival. It stars Erin McGrane as a mother that defend herself and her children against a dangerous foe. Rea intends to film a sequel to the film which is tentatively titled Nailbiter 2.
 My House in Umbria is a 2003 HBO made-for-television movie based on the novella of the same name by William Trevor and published along with another novella in the volume Two Lives. The film stars Maggie Smith and was directed by Richard Loncraine.
 The Guilty Man is a 1918 American silent drama directed by Irvin Willat and starring William Garwood Vivian Reed and Gloria Hope. The film was based on a play by Charles Klein.
 Expendable renamed from Gamma Squad for its premiere on June 14 2004 is a film by Catman Do Films that was directed by Nathaniel Barker and Eliot Lash; it is an independent film.
 Ingrid – Die Geschichte eines Fotomodells English: Agonies is a German comedy film from 1955 directed by Géza von Radványi written by Gerda Corbett starring Johanna Matz and Louis de Funès.
 Mao Tse Tung (Albanian: Mao Ce Dun) is a 2007 Albanian comedy film directed by Besnik Bisha. It was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.
 East Lynne on the Western Front is a 1931 British comedy film directed by George Pearson and starring Herbert Mundin Mark Daly and Alf Goddard.
 True Nobility is a 1916 American silent drama directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helene Rosson and Forrest Taylor.
 Chushingura 1/47 is a 2001 Japanese historical movie based on the kabuki tale of the Forty-seven Ronin. The film was made for the Fuji TV Network and was directed by Shunsaku Kawamo.The story tells the true story of Asano Naganori who attacked Lord Kira Kozenosuke with his sword in the Edo Castle after Kira had coaxed the young lord in the late 18th century. Even though the wound was only superficial Asano was ordered to commit suicide.
 Don Camillo (internationally released as The World of Don Camillo) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed produced and starred by Terence Hill. It is the remake of Le Petit Monde de Don Camillo (1952).
 Zoop in India is a 2006 Dutch family film. It is a sequel to Zoop in Africa (2005) and is followed by Zoop in South America (2007).The film received a Golden Film award in 2006 for selling 100000 cinema tickets in the Netherlands.
 The Storm (Dutch: De Storm) is a 2009 Dutch disaster film by Ben Sombogaart.
 Eeswar is a 2002 Telugu film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee and starring Prabhas and Sridevi Vijaykumar. Siva Krishna and Revathi played supporting roles.
 The Woman Who Did (German:Die Frau mit dem schlechten Ruf English: The Woman with the Bad Reputation) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen and starring Lionel Barrymore Gustav Fröhlich and Alexandra Sorina. It was an adaptation of the 1895 British novel The Woman Who Did by Grant Allen. The film's art direction was by Hans Jacoby.
 Bloodsport III is the third film in the Bloodsport franchise. It was released direct-to-video in 1997 and starred Daniel Bernhardt for the second time as Alex Cardo.
 Naked Soldier (絕色武器) is a 2012 Hong Kong action film directed by Marco Mak and starring Jennifer Tse. It is the third installment of the Naked series Naked Killer (1992) and Naked Weapon (2002).
 The Dice Woman is a 1926 silent film action adventure directed by Eddie Dillon and starring Priscilla Dean. No longer a Universal contract star Dean was now at the waning years of her career but is rumored to have given an exceptional performance in this film.Presumed lost.
 Pride & Prejudice: A Latter-Day Comedy is a 2003 independent film adaptation/updating of Jane Austen's novel set in modern-day Provo Utah at Brigham Young University. The characters are Latter-day Saints (LDS). The film received largely negative reviews outside Mormon enclaves such as Utah; some of the humor and plot devices derive from and require an understanding of Mormon social and religious mores.
 Puteri Gunong Ledang (The Princess of Mount Ledang) is a 1961 Malaysian period film directed by S. Roomai Noor and based on the Legend of Puteri Gunung Ledang. The film introduces actress Elaine Edley in her first film role.
 Three Wise Girls is a 1932 romantic drama film featuring Jean Harlow in her first starring role. A young small-town woman heads to New York City where she and her two friends have romantic troubles. The supporting cast features a young and slender Andy Devine.This film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
 Aakasha Ganga is a 1999 Malayalam horror film by Vinayan starring Divya Unni and Mukesh & Produced by Aakash Films.
 Midnight Crossing is a 1988 film drama starring Faye Dunaway.
 Pure Coolness (Kyrgyz: Boz Salkyn) is a 2007 film by Kyrgyz director Ernest Abdyjaparov.
 The Spanish Sword is a 1962 British adventure film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Ronald Howard June Thorburn and Nigel Green. During the reign of Henry III a rebellion breaks out.
 Anna Karenina is a United States 1985 made-for-TV movie version of the famous Leo Tolstoy novel Anna Karenina.
 Prema Tarangalu is a Tollywood film which released on October 24 1980. This film was directed by S. P. Chitti Babu. This film stars Krishnam Raju Jayasudha and Chiranjeevi. It is a remake of famous Hindi movie Muqaddar Ka Sikandar (1978) which starred Amitabh Bachchan and Vinod Khanna.
 Far East is a 1982 Australian drama film directed by John Duigan and starring Bryan Brown Helen Morse and John Bell. Far East is a remake of the 1942 classic Casablanca.
 Mama Bhanja is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Kumar.
 South of Suez is a 1940 American drama film directed by Lewis Seiler and starring George Brent Brenda Marshall and George Tobias. An alleged murder in an African diamond mine haunts a man many years later after he has returned to Britain. The film was made as a programmer by Warner Brothers. It was part of a cycle of British-themed films made by Hollywood studios during the era.
 Molly and Me is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Lewis Seiler and released by 20th Century Fox. The screenplay was based on the novel written by Frances Marion and adapted by Roger Burford. It starred Monty Woolley Gracie Fields Reginald Gardiner and Roddy McDowall.
 Tangled Destinies is a 1932 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.The film is also known as Who Killed Harvey Forbes? in the United Kingdom.
 The Devil Commands is a 1941 American horror film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Boris Karloff. The working title of the film was The Devil Said No. In it a man obsessed with contacting his dead wife falls in with a sinister phony medium. The Devil Commands is one of the many films from the thirties and forties in which Karloff was cast as a mad scientist with a good heart.
 El Profesor erótico is a 1976 Argentine film.
 The Mighty Peking Man (猩猩王 THE MIGHTY PEKING MAN) (Mandarin: Hsing Hsing Wang Cantonese: Sing Sing Wong - literally Orangutan King: THE MIGHTY PEKING MAN) is a 1977 film produced in Hong Kong by Shaw Brothers Studio to capitalize on the craze surrounding the 1976 remake of King Kong.
 Jallikattu (English: Bullfight) is a 1987 Tamil crime film directed by Manivannan. The film features Sivaji Ganesan Sathyaraj and Radha in lead roles. The film produced by Chitra Ramu and Chitra Lakshmanan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 28 August 1987.
 For the 1954 DuMont TV series see Night Editor (TV series).Night Editor is a 1946 B-movie film noir directed by Henry Levin and based on a popular radio program of the same name. The script for the film was based on a previous radio program episode Inside Story.The movie was to be the first in a series of films featuring stories about the graveyard-shift police beat reporters at fictional newspaper the New York Star but no other Night Editor films were made.
 The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain is a 1978 Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novels Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain and Other Tales of the Flying Fox. The series was produced by CTV.
 The Pied Piper is a 1986 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Barta. Its original Czech title is Krysař which means The rat catcher. The story is an adaptation of the Pied Piper of Hamelin a fairy tale originated in medieval Germany. The film was one of Czechoslovakia's most ambitious animation projects of the 1980s notable for its unusual dark art direction innovative animation techniques and use of a fictitious language.
 Bukuwe Bisare (Assamese: বুকুৱে বিচাৰে) is an Assamese language film directed by fashion designer Dipankar Kashyap. It is a debut film of the director produced by his sister Shikha Kashyap and Dipali Chowdhury. The film stars Kapil Bora Jerifa Wahid and Ravi Sarma. The story is about friendship and love shot in exotic locales in Kalimpong and Sikkim. The lyrics are penned by Prasanta Morang.
 Fat Albert is a 2004 live-action/animated comedy film based on the Filmation animated series Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids. The movie was produced by Davis Entertainment for 20th Century Fox and stars Kenan Thompson as the title character.The plot surrounds Fat Albert and the gang leaving the cartoon world and entering the real world in order to help a teenage girl (Kyla Pratt) deal with the challenges of being unpopular and not having any friends except her foster sister.
 Odin: Photon Sailer Starlight (オーディーン 光子帆船スターライト Odin - Koshi Hansen Starlight) also known as Odin: Starlight Mutiny is a 1985 Japanese anime film produced by Yoshinobu Nishizaki's West Cape Corporation which was previously known for Space Battleship Yamato (also known as Star Blazers). It was directed by Toshio Masuda with a music score by Hiroshi Miyagawa both of whom worked on the Yamato series.
 Bombay by Nite is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by A. Shamsheer. The film stars Ramesh Deo Prithviraj Kapoor and Sanjeev Kumar .
 2000 AD (Chinese: 公元2000 released in the Hong Kong as Gong Yuan 2000 AD) is a 2000 Hong Kong science fiction action film written and directed by Gordon Chan and starring Aaron Kwok Phyllis Quek James Lye and Daniel Wu. The film was shot on location in both Hong Kong and Singapore. It was timed to screen during the peak Chinese New Year period.
 The Ramblin' Kid is a 1923 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson and Laura La Plante.
 Hawai Khautala is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Mates of the Murrumbidgee is a 1911 Australian silent movie. It is considered a lost film and was arguably the first Australian war film.
 A Family Thanksgiving is a 2010 Hallmark Channel Original Movie directed by Neill Fearnley.
 Take 'em and Shake 'em (1931) is a comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 A Daughter of the Gods was a 1916 American silent fantasy drama film written and directed by Herbert Brenon. The film was controversial because of the sequences of what was regarded as superfluous nudity by the main character Nydia played by Australian swimming star Annette Kellerman. The scene is regarded as the first complete nude scene by a major star which occurred during a waterfall sequence though most of Kellerman's body is covered by her long hair.
 Bobbie's Girl is a 2002 comedy-drama television movie about two women leading a comfortable quiet life running a pub in Dublin who are suddenly confronted with a series of health and family crises. (PG-13)
 Alias a Gentleman is a 1948 film starring Wallace Beery. The supporting cast includes Gladys George and Sheldon Leonard and the movie was directed by Harry Beaumont.
 Steel Frontier is a 1995 science fiction film set in a post-apocalyptic Weird West.
 Rajadi Rajavan is a Tamil film is directed by T. Rajendar. Silambarasan is also starring in this movie.
 Naughty! Naughty! (Chinese: 綽頭狀元) is a 1974 Cantonese-language comedy film directed by Lo Wei. It stars Sam Hui as a young con-man.The movie features Hui singing lyricist James Wong's song 《一水隔天涯》.
 Tales from the Crypt is a 1972 British horror film directed by Freddie Francis. It is an anthology film consisting of five separate segments based on stories from EC Comics. Only two of the stories however are actually from EC's Tales from the Crypt. The reason for this according to Creepy founding editor Russ Jones is that Amicus producer Milton Subotsky did not own a run of the original EC comic book but instead adapted the movie from the two paperback reprints given to him by Jones.
 Human Trafficking is a television miniseries about an American Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent going undercover to stop an organization from trafficking people and shows the struggles of three trafficked women. It premiered in the United States on Lifetime Television on October 24 and 25 2005 and was broadcast in Canada on Citytv on January 2 and 3 2006. It stars Mira Sorvino Donald Sutherland Rémy Girard and Robert Carlyle.
 Creation is a 2009 British biographical drama film. Produced by Jeremy Thomas the film was directed by Jon Amiel and stars Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly as Charles and Emma Darwin. The film is a partly biographical partly fictionalised account of Charles Darwin's relationship with his eldest daughter Annie (Martha West) as he struggles to write On the Origin of Species. John Collee wrote the script based on Randal Keynes's biography of Darwin titled Annie's Box.
 Waiter Scarper! (Czech: Vrchní prchni!) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Ladislav Smoljak. It is also known in English as 'Run Waiter Run!'.
 The Black Duke (Italian: Il duca nero) is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti.
 Fast Forward is a 1985 dance film directed by Sidney Poitier. In the film a dance troupe from Ohio comes to New York to compete in a national talent competition. The Bollywood film Dance Dance was inspired by this film.
 Karlas Kabale (English: Karla's World) is a 2007 Danish movie based on the 2003 book of the same title written by Renée Simonsen the film is directed by Charlotte Sachs Bostrup.
 Bhale Huchcha (Kannada: ಭಲೇ ಹುಚ್ಚ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by Y.R. Swami and produced by Gopal Lakshman. It stars Rajkumar and Aarathi in lead roles.
 Kuku Mathur Ki Jhand Ho Gayi is an upcoming 2014 Hindi comedy romance drama film directed by Aman Sachdeva and produced by Ekta Kapoor & Bejoy Nambiar.
 Bama Vijayam (Tamil: பாமா விஜயம்; English: Bama's Visit) is a 1967 Tamil film directed by K. Balachander. It is a family story narrated as a full-length comedy. The film features an ensemble cast including Rajasree T. S. Balaiah Nagesh Sowcar Janaki Kanchana Jayanthi Major Sundarrajan R. Muthuraman Srikanth and Kumari Sachu. Music is by M. S. Viswanathan.
 Letti sbagliati is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 The Beautiful Prisoner (French: La Belle captive) is a 1983 French avant-garde horror and mystery film directed by Alain Robbe-Grillet. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Madha Yaanai Koottam (Tamil: மதயானைக் கூட்டம்) is a 2013 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Vikram Sugumaran who was a former assistant of Balu Mahendra and dialogue writer of Aadukalam. The film produced by G. V. Prakash Kumar features newcomer Kathir and Oviya in the lead roles. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by N. R. Raghunanthan.
 Red Riding Hood is a 2003 Italian horror film loosely based on the story of Little Red Riding Hood directed by Giacomo Cimini the film stars Roberto Purvis as Tom Hunter Justine Powell as Arianna and Kathleen Archebald as Rose McKenzie.
 Tiger Fangs (1943) is an American adventure/thriller film starring Frank Buck and June Duprez directed by Sam Newfield for Producers Releasing Corporation.
 Tales from the Vienna Woods (German: Geschichten aus dem Wienerwald) is a 1979 Austrian drama film directed by Maximilian Schell. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Tattered Dress is a 1957 film noir directed by Jack Arnold and featuring Jeff Chandler Jeanne Crain Jack Carson and Gail Russell.
 Ignition is a 2001 action drama written by William Davies and directed by Yves Simoneau.
 The Night of Taneyamagahara (種山ヶ原の夜 Taneyamagahara no Yoru) is a short anime film directed by Kazuo Oga and released by Studio Ghibli. A DVD version was released for Japan on July 7 2006. It is based on a short story of the same name by Kenji Miyazawa.
 Les Tontons flingueurs (English: Crooks in Clover also known as Monsieur Gangster) is a 1963 French-Italian-German film made in the French language directed by Georges Lautner. It is an adaptation of the Albert Simonin book Grisbi or not grisbi.The film was not enormously popular on first release in 1963.
 My Little Chickadee (1940) is a Universal comedy/western motion picture starring Mae West and W. C. Fields with Joseph Calleia Ruth Donnelly Margaret Hamilton Donald Meek Willard Robertson Dick Foran George Moran William B. Davidson and Addison Richards. It was directed by Edward F. Cline. The original music was written by Ben Oakland (song Willie of the Valley) and Frank Skinner.West reportedly wrote the original screenplay with Fields contributing one extended scene set in a bar.
 Da Thadiya (Malayalam: ടാ തടിയാ Hey Fatty) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Aashiq Abu and starring Sekhar Menon Sreenath Bhasi and Ann Augustine in the lead roles. The cast also includes Nivin Pauly Arundathi Nag Maniyanpilla Raju and Edavela Babu. The film was produced by Anto Joseph in association with OPM cinema.
 Lieutenant Kijé (Russian: Поручик Киже; translit. Poruchik Kizhe) is a 1934 Soviet comedy film directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer and promoted by Boris Gusman based on the novella Lieutenant Kijé by Yury Tynyanov. The film was released in the USA as The Czar Wants to Sleep.Sergei Prokofiev composed the score.
 A Soul Astray is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film stars Charlotte Burton William Bertram Edith Borella Ed Coxen Reaves Eason George Field and Winifred Greenwood.
 Nation Estate is a 2013 Palestinian movie directed by Larissa Sansour. It is a sci-fi short film that depicts Palestine as a skyscraper with each floor representing a city in Palestine. The film garnered attention when it was removed from a competition at the Musée de l'Elysée due to its political connotations.
 Night of the Demon is a 1957 British horror film directed by Jacques Tourneur starring Dana Andrews Peggy Cummins and Niall MacGinnis. An adaptation of the M. R. James story Casting the Runes (1911) the plot revolves around an American psychologist investigating a satanic cult suspected of more than one murder.The film's production was turbulent due to clashing ideas between producer Hal E. Chester on one side and Tourneur and writer Charles Bennett on the other.
 The Mean Season is a 1985 American thriller directed by Phillip Borsos. The film stars Kurt Russell Mariel Hemingway Richard Jordan Richard Masur Joe Pantoliano and Andy García. The screenplay was written by Leon Piedmont based on the novel In the Heat of the Summer by John Katzenbach.The film was named after the term of the same name that refers to a pattern of weather that occurs in Florida during the late summer months.
 Je crois que je l'aime (Could This Be Love?) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Pierre Jolivet.
 Turkey Time is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls and starring Walls Ralph Lynn Robertson Hare and Dorothy Hyson. A group of guests come to stay with the Stoatt family in the seaside town of Eden Bay for Christmas. They soon become involved with an impoverished concert performer whose innocent presence in the house leads to a series of misunderstandings. It was adapted from the 1931 play Turkey Time by Ben Travers one of the Aldwych Farces.
 Silent Running is a 1972 environmentally-themed American science fiction film starring Bruce Dern featuring Cliff Potts Ron Rifkin and Jesse Vint. It was directed by Douglas Trumbull who had previously worked as a special effects supervisor on science fiction films including 2001: A Space Odyssey and The Andromeda Strain.
 The Crash is a 1932 drama film directed by William Dieterle. The film is based on the 1932 novel Children of Pleasure written by Larry Barretto and stars Ruth Chatterton as a luxury loving wife devastated by the crash of 1929.Available on DVD from the Warner Archive label paired as a double feature with Registered Nurse.
 Judgment Day is a 1999 direct-to-video science-fiction action film directed by John Terlesky and starring Mario Van Peebles Suzy Amis and Ice-T.
 Big Momma's House 2 is a 2006 American crime comedy film and the sequel to Big Momma's House. The film was directed by John Whitesell based on the characters created by Darryl Quarles from the original film and starring Martin Lawrence reprising his role as FBI agent Malcolm Turner. The film was released theatrically on January 27 2006 and was critically panned as critics felt that a sequel was unnecessary.
 Turtles Can Fly (Persian: لاک پشت ها هم پرواز می کنند Lakposhthâ ham parvaz mikonand Kurdish: Kûsî Jî Dikarin Bifirin Turkish: Kaplumbağalar Da Uçar) is a 2004 Kurdish war drama film written produced and directed by Bahman Ghobadi with notable theme music composed by Hossein Alizadeh. It was the first film to be made in Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
 Fuego is a 2007 action thriller directed by Damian Chapa and starring Damian Chapa David Carradine Elena Talan.
 Melba is a 1988 Australian mini series about Dame Nellie Melba.
 Love in Quarantine is a 1910 short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and starring Mack Sennett.
 Elephant Parts is a collection of comedy and music videos made in 1981 by Michael Nesmith former member of the Monkees. Nesmith produced the video through his company Pacific Arts using money he inherited from his mother the inventor of Liquid Paper. Elephant Parts is one hour long and features five full length music videos including the popular songs Rio and Cruisin' which featured wrestler Steve Strong and Monterey-based comic Chicago Steve Barkley.
 Resurrection is a 1909 American silent short film made by the Biograph Company. It is based on the Leo Tolstoy novel Resurrection. Adapted for the screen by Frank E. Woods it was directed by D. W. Griffith and starred several pioneering legends of American cinema such as Arthur V. Johnson Florence Lawrence Marion Leonard Owen Moore Mack Sennett and Griffith's wife Linda Arvidson.
 Matri Sneha (A Mother's Devotion 1923) is a Bengali film directed by Jyotish Banerjee. The film was made under the banner of Madan Theatres Pvt. Ltd.
 Cardinal Messias (Italian:Abuna Messias) is a 1939 Italian historical drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Camillo Pilotto Enrico Glori and Mario Ferrari. The film was awarded the Mussolini Cup at the 1939 Venice film festival. It portrays the life of Guglielmo Massaia a nineteenth century Italian known for his missionary work in the Ethiopian Empire.
 Lucky to Be a Woman (Italian: La fortuna di essere donna and also known as What a Woman!) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti starring Sophia Loren and Charles Boyer.
 Thaali Pudhusu is a 1997 Indian Tamil film directed by K. R. starring Ramki Suresh and Kushboo Sundar in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and Raj and was released on 10 April 1997. The film is a remake of Telugu film Thaali.
 Manon (French pronunciation: ​[manɔ̃]) is a 1949 French film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot. It is a loose adaptation of the 1731 novel Manon Lescaut by Abbé Prévost. Clouzot updates the setting to World War II making the story about a French Resistance fighter who rescues a woman from villagers convinced she is a Nazi collaborator.The film won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.
 Her Bounty is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Wedding Ringer (formerly known as The Golden Tux) is an upcoming romantic comedy film written and directed by Jeremy Garelick. It will star Kevin Hart Josh Gad and Olivia Thirlby. The film will be produced by Miramax Films and Rainforest Films distributed by Screen Gems and scheduled to be release January 16 2015 during the MLK Holiday weekend.
 Hawke is a television film or telemovie which was produced by The Film Company for Network Ten. The telemovie premiered on 18 July 2010 in the prime-time slot of 8.30pm.
 Rakhe Hari Mare Ke is a 2003 Bengali film directed by Ratan Adhikari and produced by Pritam Jalan. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Rachana Banerjee Raima Sen in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Babul Bose
 Full Moon High is a 1981 horror comedy film written and directed by Larry Cohen centering on a high school werewolf who tries to keep his secret from others. He also ignores his girlfriend's sexual advances because it's his time of the month.
 Bengal Brigade (also known as Bengal Rifles) is a 1954 American action film directed by Laslo Benedek and starring Rock Hudson Arlene Dahl and Ursula Thiess.Set in British India in 1857 at the outbreak of the Indian Mutiny. A British officer Captain Claybourne (Hudson) is cashiered from his regiment over a charge of disobeying orders but finds that his duty to his men is far from over.
 The Son of Thomas Gray is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Lorimer Johnston. The film stars Virginia Fordyce Dolly Beal Sydney Ayres Jacques Jaccard Louise Lester Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Harry Van Meter.
 Curly Sue is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama film. It was the final film of director John Hughes and is also Steve Carell's film debut. Its music was composed by Georges Delerue along with the end title song You Never Know performed by Ringo Starr.
 Il Richiamo nella tempesta is a 1950 Italian film directed by Oreste Palella.
 Without a Clue is a 1988 British comedy film directed by Thom Eberhardt and starring Michael Caine and Ben Kingsley.
 Rendolepsis is a film made in Luxembourg in 2003 directed by Marc Barnig and Philippe Schockweiler and produced by Koler Movies Lëtzebuerg (KML). It stars Vivi Giampaolo and Joëlle Kugener as two friends who embark on an adventure to learn more about a mysterious book which one of them finds in her attic.The film premiered on September 19 or September 20 2003 at the Kinosch cinema in Esch-sur-Alzette. The dialogue is in Luxembourgish the national language of Luxembourg..
 Be With You (いま、会いにゆきます Ima Ai ni Yukimasu) is a 2004 Japanese drama film based on a Japanese novel of the same name written by Takuji Ichikawa. The film was adapted from the novel by Yoshikazu Okada and it was directed by Nobuhiro Doi. It stars actress Yūko Takeuchi as Mio Aio and actor Shido Nakamura as Takumi Aio.Be with You was first released at the 17th Tokyo International Film Festival. It was subsequently released in Japanese cinemas on 30 October 2004.
 The Precious Parcel is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 County Fair is a 1937 American drama film directed by Howard Bretherton and starring John Arledge Mary Lawrence and J. Farrell MacDonald. It was a remake of the 1932 film The County Fair.
 Battle: Los Angeles (also known as Battle: LA and internationally as World Invasion: Battle Los Angeles) is a 2011 military science fiction war film directed by Jonathan Liebesman. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Chris Bertolini based in part on a wartime incident dubbed the Battle of Los Angeles.
 4192: The Crowning of the Hit King a 2010 documentary film follows the exploits and achievements of Pete Rose a baseball player. The film Directed by Terry Lukemire is narrated by J. K. Simmons. The film stars Marty Brennamen Tony Pérez Mike Schmidt and Pete Rose himself who relay the struggle and effort it took to make history through America's favorite past time.
 Behind That Curtain is a 1929 American mystery film directed by Irving Cummings starring Warner Baxter and featuring Boris Karloff. It was the first Charlie Chan film to be made at Fox Studios. It was based on the novel of the same name. Charlie Chan is played by Korean American actor E. L. Park gets one mention early in the film then makes a few momentary appearances after 75 minutes. Producer William Fox chose this film to open the palatial Fox Theatre in San Francisco on June 28 1929.
 Vijayendra Varma is a 2004 Tollywood action film directed by Swarna Subba Rao released on 15 December 2004. The movie stars Nandamuri Balakrishna Laya Ankitha Sangeetha. The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.
 The Silent Twins is a 1986 television film directed by Jon Amiel.
 Chandra Chakori (Kannada: ಚಂದ್ರ ಚಕೋರಿ) is a 2003 Kannada romance- drama film directed and written by S. Narayan. The film features Sri Murali Priya and Naaz all making their debuts in the lead roles along with Srinagar Kitty and Doddanna in other pivotal roles. The film was a musical hit at the box-office which gave a good break for the lead actor Murali.
 Look is a 2007 American found footage film directed by Adam Rifkin. The film is composed entirely of material shot from the perspective of surveillance cameras; though shot using CineAlta movie cameras all were placed in locations where actual surveillance cameras were mounted. The scenes are staged though with actors playing a given script. The film's score was provided by electronic music producer BT.
 The Odyssey is a 1997 British-American fantasy–adventure television miniseries and Emmy Award-winning and Golden Globe-nominated. Directed by Andrei Konchalovsky the miniseries aired in two-parts beginning on May 18 1997 on NBC. The series won the award for Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries or a Special. It is based on the ancient Greek epic poem The Odyssey attributed to Homer.
 Hiraasat is a 1987 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Surendra Mohan starring Shatrughan Sinha Mithun Chakraborty Hema Malini Anita Raj Kalpana Iyer Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor and Deven Verma.
 Les Aventures de Till L'Espiègle is an East German-French film. It was released in 1956.
 Nebo Zovyot (Russian: Небо зовёт) The Sky Calls or The Heavens Beckon is a Soviet science-fiction feature film produced by Alexandr Kozyr and Mikhail Karyukov and filmed at the Dovzhenko Film Studios in 1959.It premiered September 12 1959.
 Amok is a 1983 Moroccan drama film directed by Souheil Ben-Barka. It won the Golden Prize at the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Gigot is an American motion picture; it was released in 1962 by 20th Century Fox. The film starred Jackie Gleason and was directed by Gene Kelly.
 C.S.A.: The Confederate States of America is a 2004 mockumentary directed by Kevin Willmott. It is a fictional tongue-in-cheek account of an alternate history in which the Confederates won the American Civil War establishing the new Confederate States of America (that incorporates the former United States as well). The film primarily details significant political and cultural events of the C.S.A. history from its founding until the early 2000s.
 The Most Distant Course (Chinese: 最遙遠的距離) is a Taiwanese film written and directed by Taiwanese director Lin Ching-chieh (Chinese: 林靖傑) and was released in 2007. It has won the Critics' Week Award in Venice Film Festival in 2007 and was selected as the opening film for 2007 Taipei Film Festival.
 Detective K: Secret of the Virtuous Widow (Hangul: 조선명탐정 : 각시투구꽃의 비밀; RR: Joseon Myungtamjung : Gakshituku Ggotui Bimil) is a 2011 South Korean film based on the novel by Kim Tak-hwan. It stars Kim Myung-min in the lead role as Detective K. The film was the 4th best selling film of 2011.The film was released in 10 cities in the U.S. and Canada in March 2011 including Los Angeles San Francisco Atlanta Seattle Chicago Dallas Hawaii and Vancouver a week later.
 Menculik Miyabi (literally Kidnapping Miyabi) is a 2010 Indonesian comedy film directed by Findo Purwono HW and produced by Ody Mulya Hidayat. Starring Sabrina Pai and Nicky Tirta the film follows a young man who is obsessed with AV idol Maria Ozawa and in an attempt to kidnap her accidentally kidnaps a Taiwanese tourist. After the film was announced it was protested heavily by the Islamic Defenders Front which resulted in Ozawa's role being cut almost entirely.
 Saathi (Hindi: साथी ) is a 1968 Hindi Romantic drama film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film starred Vyjayanthimala and Rajendra Kumar in the lead with Simi Garewal Pahari Sanyal David Abraham Cheulkar Veena and Ram Mohan as the ensemble cast while prominent actors such as Shashi Kapoor Nanda Sanjeev Kumar Shabnam D.K. Sapru and Pratima Devi done a guest appearance. The film was produced by S. Krishnamurthy of Venus Pictures.
 French Leave is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Madeleine Carroll Sydney Howard and Arthur Chesney.
 Whispering Footsteps is a 1943 American crime film noir directed by Howard Bretherton. The drama features John Hubbard Rita Quigley and Joan Blair.
 Carry On Cabby is the seventh in the series of Carry On films to be made. Released in 1963 it was the first one to be written by Talbot Rothwell (although the first screenplay Tolly submitted to Peter Rogers was developed as Carry On Jack) from a story by Dick Hills and Sid Green (script writers for Morecambe and Wise). Regulars Sid James Hattie Jacques Kenneth Connor and Charles Hawtrey are all present.
 Now I'll Tell One is a 1927 silent film starring Charley Chase.
 Mela is a 1971 family drama Indian Hindi movie directed by Prakash Mehra. This was Prakash Mehra's Second directorial venture after Haseena Maan Jayegi(1968) .The movie stars the real life brothers Sanjay Khan and Feroz Khan with Mumtaz as the female lead Sachin and Rajindernath as the then customary comic relief.The music was given by R.D. Burman.
 Haso Haso Ai Duniyawallaon is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 La Madre María is a 1974 Argentine film.
 La più bella serata della mia vita (internationally released as The Most Wonderful Evening of My Life and The Most Exciting Evening in My Life) is a 1972 Italian comedy drama film directed by Ettore Scola. It is based on the novel A Dangerous Game by Friedrich Dürrenmatt. The film was coproduced with France where it was released as La Plus Belle Soirée de ma vie.
 Escapement is a 1958 British film. It was also known as The Electronic Monster.
 Jub Jub Phool Khiley was a Pakistani film released in the Urdu Language on 21 November 1975. It had an outstanding cast consisting of the three greatest actors alive in the film industry at the time Waheed Murad Mohammad Ali and Nadeem. The film went on to be a big hit in the cinemas all over Pakistan and completed 50 weeks on the big screen and became a golden jubilee film.
 Army Surgeon is a 1942 film.It made a loss of $46000.
 Godforsaken (Dutch: Van God Los) is a 2003 Dutch drama film.The film received a Golden Film (100000 visitors) and won three Golden Calves.
 Wondrous Oblivion is a 2003 British film directed and written by Paul Morrison and produced by Jonny Persey.Set in suburban south London in 1960 several themes run through the film though the main storyline concerns the friendship between a young boy David Wiseman (Sam Smith) who is the son of European Jewish immigrants and his new next door neighbours father and Dennis (Delroy Lindo) and young daughter Judy (Leonie Elliott) who are West Indian immigrants.
 Feast 2: Sloppy Seconds is a direct-to-DVD 2008 horror - black comedy film and sequel to the 2005 film Feast. The film was directed by John Gulager and written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton.Jenny Wade stars in the film reprising her role as Honey Pie.The film was followed by another direct-to-DVD sequel Feast 3: The Happy Finish also directed by John Gulager.
 The Bartered Bride (German: Die verkaufte Braut) is a 1932 German film directed by Max Ophüls and based on the comic opera of the same name by Czech composer Bedřich Smetana.
 Planet of the Apes is a 2001 American science fiction film based on Pierre Boulle's novel and a loose remake of the 1968 film of the same name. Tim Burton directed the film which stars Mark Wahlberg Tim Roth Helena Bonham Carter Michael Clarke Duncan Paul Giamatti and Estella Warren. It tells the story of astronaut Leo Davidson crash-landing on a planet inhabited by intelligent apes.
 Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek is a 1920 short Dutch silent film directed by Harry Waghalter.
 Hastey Hastey is a 2008 Hindi comedy film starring Jimmy Shergill Rajpal Yadav newcomers Nisha Rawal and Monishka. It is directed by Tonny and produced by Go Cam Films in association with Inox.
 Thotti Gang is a 2002 Telugu comedy film produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Prabhu Deva Allari Naresh Sunil Gajala and Anita Hassanandani in the lead roles. The movie was released on 6 December 2002 to positive reviews and was declared a super hit at the box office. The movie was inspired from the Hollywood movie Saving Silverman.
 Death of a Centerfold: The Dorothy Stratten Story is a 1981 American television film directed by Gabrielle Beaumont. It is a true dramatization of the life and the murder of Playboy Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten played by Jamie Lee Curtis. The movie was aired on NBC in November 1981. Two years later the same story was developed by director Bob Fosse in his movie Star 80 starring Mariel Hemingway and Eric Roberts.
 F.T.W. (aka Last Ride) is a 1994 film about Frank T. Wells an ex-con rodeo rider who becomes involved with a woman who's a bank robber on the run. The title of the film refers both to the main character's initials and to a tattoo on Clem's hand meaning Fuck The World.
 Stuck on You is a 2003 comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers and starring Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear as conjoined twins whose conflicting aspirations provide both conflict and humorous situations in particular when one of them wishes to move to Hollywood California to pursue a career as an actor.
 Pig is a 1998 experimental psychological horror short silent film directed by underground film maker Nico B. and co-directed by notable deathrock pioneer Rozz Williams. The film stars Rozz Williams and James Hollan and was produced by Nico B. It was distributed by the CAV Distributing company in South San Francisco and produced by the studios Open Eye Productions and Cult Epics. (The latter of which Nico B.
 No soy monedita de oro (I Am Not a Gold Coin) is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Rock'n'Roll is a 1959 Australian documentary from director Lee Robinson. It is a filmed version of a rock concert at Sydney Stadium presented by Lee Gordon Lee Gordon's 1959 Rock'n'Roll Spectacular with some additional scenes such as Fabian arriving at Sydney airport.Only a small portion of footage from the documentary survives today and it is considered a substantially lost film.
 The Grudge 3 is a 2009 American horror film and the third installment in The Grudge franchise. Toby Wilkins who had previously directed the successful film Splinter and the short films Tales from The Grudge took Takashi Shimizu's place as director while Brad Keene replaced Stephen Susco as screenwriter.
 Battles Without Honor and Humanity (仁義なき戦い Jingi naki tatakai) is a 1973 yakuza film by director Kinji Fukasaku. It is adapted from a series of newspaper articles by journalist Kōichi Iiboshi that were rewrites of a manuscript originally written by real-life yakuza Kōzō Minō while he was in prison. It is the first film in a five-part series also known as The Yakuza Papers.It won the 1974 Kinema Junpo Awards for Best Film Best Actor (Bunta Sugawara) and Best Screenplay (Kazuo Kasahara).
 Vara Vikrayam (Telugu: వర విక్రయము) is a 1939 Telugu drama film directed by Chittajallu Pullayya. The film is a reformist social film about the Dowry system prevalent in British India. It is based on the novel and play of the same name by Kallakoori Narayana Rao.This is debut film for Bhanumathi Ramakrishna.
 Panchavadi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 The Sheep Has Five Legs (French: Le Mouton à cinq pattes) is a 1954 French film directed by Henri Verneuil. It won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story.
 Simanaheen (সীমানাহীন; English: Limitless) is 2013 Bengali romance film directed by Kevin Dalvi and Ria Mahtab. The film marks the debuts of Rahsaan Islam and Ismat Alamgir. Simanaheen released in theatres worldwide on Valentine's Day 2013 and in Bangladesh on 1 March 2013.Simanaheen was a critical and commercial success; the film garnered positive reviews from critics and good box office collections. Bengali Kolkata Radio declared it a worldwide 'hit' after its first week in theaters.
 He's a Woman She's a Man (金枝玉葉 or Gam Chi Yuk Yip) is a 1994 film directed by Peter Chan Ho Sun and written by James Yuen and Lee Chi Ngai. It stars Leslie Cheung Kwok Wing Anita Yuen Wing Yee Carina Lau Kar Ling Jordan Chan Siu Chun and Eric Tsang Chi Wai. Its many awards garnered include Best Actress at the 14th Annual HK Film Awards for Anita Yuen and Best Original Song for 'Chase' by Leslie Cheung. It was followed by a sequel: Who's the Woman Who's the Man? in 1996.
 The Old Garden (오래된 정원) is a 2007 South Korean film based on the novel by the same name by the author Hwang Sok-yong. It is directed by Im Sang-soo and stars Yeom Jeong-ah Ji Jin-Hee and Yoon Yeo-jeong. It is adapted from a best-selling novel by Hwang Suk-young. It premiered at the 2006 San Sebastian Film Festival.The plot of the film involves a couple during the turbulent political landscape in early 1980s South Korea and the events surrounding the Gwangju Massacre.
 Astrothrill is an animated short film based on the alternative comics of the same name published by Cheeky Press. The film is directed by its creator Craig Clark an art rock darkwave musician (Chorus of Souls on Fluxus Records) animator (Forrest Gump and The Simpsons) comic book artist (Nemesister and Timbuktu) and album cover artist (The Nymphs).
 The Bedroom Window is a 1924 mystery or who-dunnit silent film directed by William C. deMille and starring May McAvoy. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures.The film still exists and preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Pixar Short Films Collection Volume 1 is a home video compilation released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on October 4 2007.
 Premiere is a 1937 Austrian musical crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Zarah Leander Attila Hörbiger and Karl Martell. The wealthy backer of a Viennese musical revue is murdered on the first night of the show. It was Leander's first German language role after previously appearing in Swedish films. On the basis of her performance in the film Leander was signed by the German Major studio UFA after their major rival Tobis had decided she had insufficient star appeal.
 Pierre Schoendoerffer the Sentinel of Memory (original French title: Pierre Schoendoerffer la sentinelle de la mémoire) is the first feature length documentary about French writer and filmmaker Pierre Schoendoerffer directed by Raphaël Millet and produced by Olivier Bohler for Nocturnes Productions in 2011.
 Pancho Barnes is a 1988 biopic film starring Valerie Bertinelli as Florence Pancho Lowe Barnes.
 The Strange Countess (German: Die seltsame Gräfin) is a 1961 German crime film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Joachim Fuchsberger based on Edgar Wallace's 1925 book of the same title.
 Crazy Couple is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Ricky Lau and starring Dean Shek and Lau Ka Yung.
 And Then There Were None is a 1945 film adaptation of Agatha Christie's best-selling mystery novel of the same name and is directed by René Clair.The film changes certain characters' names and adheres to the ending of the stage play rather than that of the novel.[citation needed]The cast featured Barry Fitzgerald Walter Huston Louis Hayward Roland Young June Duprez Mischa Auer C. Aubrey Smith Judith Anderson Richard Haydn and Queenie Leonard as the people stranded on the island.
 Il burbero (The Gruff) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo.
 The Legend of Billie Jean is a 1985 American drama film directed by Matthew Robbins.
 Love 65 (Swedish: Kärlek 65) is a 1965 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg. It was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival. Bill Evans' Peace Piece featured in the soundtrack.
 Polyester is a 1981 American black comedy film directed produced and written by John Waters and starring Divine Tab Hunter Edith Massey and Mink Stole. It was filmed in Waters' native Baltimore Maryland and features a gimmick called Odorama whereby viewers could smell what they saw on screen through scratch and sniff cards.The film is a satirical look at suburban life involving divorce abortion adultery alcoholism foot fetishism and the Religious Right.
 Two is a 1974 American drama film directed by Charles Trieschmann. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Passengers (French: Les passagers) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Jean-Claude Guiguet. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World is a 1998 straight-to-video sequel to the 1995 Disney film Pocahontas. While the first film dealt with her meeting with John Smith and the arrival of the British settlers in Jamestown the sequel focuses on Pocahontas's journey to England with John Rolfe to negotiate for peace between the two nations although her death is omitted from the film's ending.
 Melting Millions was a 1927 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. It is considered to be lost.
 The Lat Bullet is a 1995 Australian film about a Japanese soldier and Australian soldier who fight in World War Two.
 La storia di un peccato is a 1918 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Chand Chakori is a 1945 Indian Bollywood film. It was the sixth highest grossing Indian film of 1945.
 Parisam Pottachu is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.Shozharajan starring Karthik Pandiyan Madhuri and Ranjini in lead roles.
 Stateside (released as Sinners in Germany) is a 2004 romantic drama film film based on a true story. It is an adventurous love story about a high school rich kid serving in the Marine Corps to avoid jail who eventually falls in love with a schizophrenic actress. Those around them ask them to keep their distance from each other but both refuse.
 Oil Storm is a 2005 television docudrama portraying a future oil-shortage crisis in the United States precipitated by a hurricane destroying key parts of the United States' oil infrastructure. The program was an attempt to depict what would happen if the highly oil-dependent country was suddenly faced with gasoline costing upwards of $7 to $8 per gallon (as opposed to the national average of around $2 per gallon when the show first aired).
 Project A-ko (プロジェクトA子 Purojekuto Eeko) is a 1986 animated fantasy-parody film that had several sequels and a spin-off. This series references a number of other works of anime from the 1970s and 1980s such as Macross Fist of the North Star and Gundam. The title itself is a reference to the 1985 Jackie Chan movie Project A although the film bears no resemblance to Project A; the working title ended up sticking.
 Don't Knock the Twist is a 1962 film starring Lang Jeffries directed by Oscar Rudolph and produced by Sam Katzman for release by Columbia Pictures. It is a sequel to the 1961 film Twist Around the Clock
 Freud's Leaving Home (Swedish: Freud flyttar hemifrån...) is a 1991 Swedish comedy film directed by Susanne Bier. The film won ten awards and was nominated for three.The film follows a girl Freud from Sweden who comes from a Jewish family and it became the first feature film in Sweden to depict Swedish-Jewish culture
 Scarlet Prostitute: Stabbing (赤い娼婦　突き刺す Akai Shōfu: Tsukisasu) is a 1981 Japanese pink film directed by Genji Nakamura. Considered one of the most important pink film makers of the 1980s this is judged to be one of Nakamura's best films as an independent director. Nakamura later made films in Nikkatsu's Roman Porno series and then directed some of the earliest major gay-themed pink films for ENK.
 Nadigai is a 2008 Tamil film released on 28 November 2008. Babu Ganesh and Tejashree are in the lead roles. This Movie was directed by Babu Ganesh. Babu Ganesh scored music for this film.
 House of Cards is a 1993 drama film directed by Michael Lessac and starring Kathleen Turner and Tommy Lee Jones. It follows the struggle of a mother to reconnect with her daughter who has been traumatized by the death of her father. The film premiered at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival before being acquired by Miramax Films for distribution in June of the same year.
 Chori Chori is a 1956 Hindi film directed by Anant Thakur with music by Shankar Jaikishan and lyrics by Hasrat Jaipuri and Shailendra. The film is unofficial remake of the Hollywood movie It Happened One Night and to suit the Indian culture the Hollywood story was modified and presented as Chori Chori. The film stars Raj Kapoor and Nargis. Bhagwan Dada Pran David and Johnny Walker have character parts.
 The Battle of the Somme is a 1916 British documentary and propaganda film shot by two official cinematographers Geoffrey Malins and John McDowell. The film depicts the British Army in the preliminary and early days of the battle of the Somme (1 July – 18 November 1916). The film had its première in London on 10 August 1916 and was released generally on 21 August.
 Family Plan is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Fred Gerber. It stars Leslie Nielsen Judge Reinhold and Eddie Bowz.
 Luke's Double is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is believed to be a lost film.
 Carcerato is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Armando Zorri.
 Sweedie Learns to Swim is a 1914 silent short 1-reel comedy film starring Wallace Beery and Ben Turpin and produced and distributed by the Essanay Company. This short survives in the Library of Congress collection UCLA Film and Television and othe.
 Happiness Is in the Field (French: Le bonheur est dans le pré) is a French comedy directed by Étienne Chatiliez in 1995.
 Ordinary Decent Criminal is a 2000 crime comedy film directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan written by Gerard Stembridge and starring Kevin Spacey and Linda Fiorentino. The film is loosely based on the story of Martin Cahill a famous Irish crime boss.
 Ali Baba Goes to Town is a 1937 film starring Eddie Cantor Tony Martin and Roland Young. Cantor plays a hobo named Aloysius Al Babson who walks into the camp of a movie company that is making the Arabian Nights. He falls asleep and dreams he is in Baghdad as an advisor to the Sultan (Young).
 The Sea Lion is a 1921 American silent film adventure directed by Rowland V. Lee. The same staff on this film produced Rowland Lee's previous directed film Blind Hearts released just before The Sea Lion.
 Kokhono Megh Kokhono Brishti also (Bengali: কখনো মেঘ কখনো বৃষ্টি) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film directed by Bangladeshi famous actress Moushumi. It is also her first directed film. The second one is Meher Negar 2006. Released on 2003 in all over Bangladesh. It stars Moushumi Ferdous Razzak Bobita Humayun Faridi Shahidul Alam Sachchu Shabon Jasmin Parvez and many more.
 Family Plot is a 1976 American dark comedy/thriller film that was the final film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on Victor Canning's novel The Rainbird Pattern which was adapted for the screen by Ernest Lehman. The film stars Karen Black Bruce Dern Barbara Harris and William Devane.
 Madame Curie is a 1943 biographical film made by MGM. The film was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and produced by Sidney Franklin from a screenplay by Paul Osborn Paul H. Rameau and Aldous Huxley (uncredited) adapted from the biography by Eve Curie. It stars Greer Garson Walter Pidgeon with supporting performances by Robert Walker Henry Travers and Albert Bassermann.
 The Name of the Rose (German: Der Name der Rose Italian: Il nome della rosa French: Le nom de la rose) is a 1986 film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud based on the book of the same name by Umberto Eco. Sean Connery is the Franciscan friar William of Baskerville and Christian Slater is his apprentice Adso of Melk who are called upon to solve a deadly mystery in a medieval abbey.
 The Wonderful Adventures of Guerrin Meschino (Italian: Le Meravigliose avventure di Guerrin Meschino) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Pietro Francisci. It is based in part on the 1410 chivalric romance Il Guerrin Meschino.
 Berkeley in the Sixties is a 1990 documentary film by Mark Kitchell. The film highlights the origins of the Free Speech Movement beginning with the May 1960 House Un-American Activities Committee hearings at San Francisco City Hall the development of the counterculture of the 1960s in Berkeley California and ending with People's Park in 1969. The film features 15 student activists and archival footage of Mario Savio Todd Gitlin Joan Baez the Rev. Dr.
 Finger Print is a Malayalam thriller film directed by Satheesh Paul and scripted by Siddique. The film is produced by Sabu Cherian under the banner Anandabhairavi. It stars Jayaram Indrajith and Gopika in lead roles. The film released on 18 February 2005.
 BatfXXX: Dark Night Parody is a 2010 pornographic film from Bluebird Films that parodies The Dark Knight. It was directed by Nicholas Steele. The film was initially titled Batfucks but it was renamed on August 19 2010 prior to its release. Some of the films scenes were shot in London.
 Samundar is an Indian film directed by Rahul Rawail and produced by Mushir-Riaz released in 1986. The movie stars Sunny Deol Poonam Dhillon Amrish Puri Navin Nischol.
 Disengagement (Désengagement) is a film directed by Amos Gitai starring Juliette Binoche with Jeanne Moreau in a supporting role. The film is a French/Italian/Israeli co-production and was shot in France Germany and Israel. It is the third film of Gitai's Border Trilogy.The film premiered at the 2007 Venice Film Festival in an out-of-competition slot. Following this the picture played at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Down to Earth also known as The Optimist is a 1917 comedy romance starring Douglas Fairbanks and Eileen Percy and directed by John Emerson. Most of the principal photography was filmed in Yosemite National Park.
 Il Posto (1961) is an Italian film directed by Ermanno Olmi. An extension of Italian Neorealism it explores many of the dehumanizing practices of the corporation from the viewpoint of an Italian adolescent. The film shot in Milan is in part a satire on Italy's economic miracle.
 On Again-Off Again (1937) is a musical comedy film released by RKO Radio Pictures starring the comedy team Wheeler & Woolsey.
 There Was an Old Couple (Russian: Жили-были старик со старухой translit. Zhili-byli starik so starukhoy) is a 1965 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 Stranger With A Camera is a 2000 documentary film by director Elizabeth Barret investigating the circumstances surrounding the 1967 death of Hugh O'Connor. Barret who was born and raised in the region explores questions concerning public image and the individual's lack of power to define oneself within the American media landscape.
 Quality Street is a 1927 MGM silent film based on the 1901 play by James M. Barrie which starred Barrie favorite Maude Adams. The film starred Marion Davies and Conrad Nagel and was directed by Sidney Franklin. Prints of this film are preserved at the Library of Congress and in the Turner Archive.In 2002 the film saw a release onto DVD by the Milestone Films and Video company releasing through Image Entertainment.There was also a sound film version made in 1937 starring Katharine Hepburn.
 The Honeymooners is a 2005 family comedy film directed by John Schultz. Unlike the original television series of the same name this version stars an African American cast featuring Cedric the Entertainer Gabrielle Union Mike Epps and Regina Hall. The film was panned by critics; Roger Ebert was one of the few to give it a positive review.
 Seven Days in May is an American political thriller motion picture directed by John Frankenheimer starring Burt Lancaster Kirk Douglas Fredric March and Ava Gardner and released in February 1964 with a screenplay by Rod Serling based on the novel of the same name by Fletcher Knebel and Charles W. Bailey II which was published in 1962.The story is said to have been influenced by the right-wing anti-Communist political activities of General Edwin A.
 Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga is a 1976 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Carnies is a 2010 horror film directed by Brian Corder and starring Doug Jones.
 Conspirators of Pleasure (Czech: Spiklenci slasti) is a 1996 film by Jan Švankmajer. His third feature film after Alice and Faust it would go on to be nominated for the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 The House (Chinese: 楼) is a 2013 Chinese thriller film directed by Yuan Li. It is about a web-novelist's experiences in a house that is said to be haunted.
 Full Metal Yakuza is a 1997 Japanese action and satire film directed by Takashi Miike. It was written by Itaru Era and based on a story by Hiroki Yamaguchi.Originally released in Japan's direct-to-video market (V-Cinema) the film has gained more popularity because of the reputation of its controversial director.
 Low Down is a 2014 American biopic directed by Jeff Preiss and based on the memoirs written by Amy-Jo Albany (portrayed by Elle Fanning) about her father famed jazz pianist Joe Albany (portrayed by John Hawkes) and his struggles with drug addiction.The film was executive produced by Anthony Kiedis and Flea (who also co-stars in the film) of the Red Hot Chili Peppers.The film premiered in competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014. It won the Cinematography Award: U.S.
 Aata (translation: Game) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Siddharth Narayan and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles. M. S. Raju produced this film while V. N. Aditya directed the project. This film was released on May 9 2007.
 Bubble is a 2005 film directed by Steven Soderbergh. It was shot on high-definition video.It featured some unusual production aspects. In traditional terms the movie has no script. All lines were improvised according to an outline written by screenwriter Coleman Hough who previously teamed with Soderbergh on Full Frontal.
 Il Leone di San Marco internationally released as The Lion of St. Mark is a 1963 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Khwahish (English: Desire) is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film directed by Govind Menon. The film stars Himanshu Malik and Mallika Sherawat in leading roles. Sherawat made her acting debut in the film. Although the film was quite racy by Indian standards it was known for its naturalistic and realistic topic being a serious film with a tragic end. This is a Hindi remake of Love Story.
 Too Late for Tears is a 1949 American film noir directed by Byron Haskin and starring Lizabeth Scott Don DeFore Dan Duryea and Arthur Kennedy. The screenplay was written by Roy Huggins developed from a serial he wrote for the Saturday Evening Post.The film was reissued as Killer Bait in 1955. Too Late for Tears has been in the public domain for many years; there are several different edits of the film with different running times.
 Black Swans (Dutch: Zwarte zwanen) is a 2005 Dutch drama film.The film won a Golden Calf for best sound at the Netherlands Film Festival in 2005.
 Second Virgin (セカンドバージン) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Hiroshi Kurosaki.
 Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia (Spanish: Tráiganme la cabeza de Alfredo García) is a 1974 American cult action film directed by Sam Peckinpah and featuring Warren Oates.Made in Mexico on a low budget after the commercial failure of Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid (1973) Peckinpah claimed that of all his films Alfredo García was the only one released as he had intended.
 Rancho Notorious is a 1952 Western film shot in Technicolor directed by Fritz Lang and starring Marlene Dietrich as the matron of a criminal hideout called Chuck-a-Luck. Arthur Kennedy and Mel Ferrer play rivals for her attention in this tale of frontier revenge.The film was originally titled The Legend of Chuck-a-Luck but the name was changed at the insistence of Howard Hughes then head of RKO Pictures.
 Children at Work (Irish: Páistí ag obair) is a 1973 Irish short documentary film produced by Louis Marcus. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Waga Koi wa Moenu (わが恋は燃えぬ Flame of My Love) is a 1949 Japanese romance drama film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. The story revolves around one woman's fight for women's rights in 1880s Japan. The woman and her lover are falsely imprisoned for arson but eventually pardoned and together they again take up the cause.
 The Lucky Texan is a 1934 Lonestar Films B-movie Western film featuring John Wayne five years before his breakthrough appearance in Stagecoach Barbara Sheldon Gabby Hayes and legendary stuntman–actor Yakima Canutt. It was directed by Robert N. Bradbury who also wrote it.The plot concerns Wayne finding gold and making the mistake of trusting the local assayer.It also contains a rare (perhaps unique) instance of Gabby Hayes sans beard and in drag.
 Entotsu no mieru basho (Japanese: 煙突の見える場所) is a 1953 Japanese drama film directed by Heinosuke Gosho. It was entered into the 3rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Dervish and Death (Serbo-Croatian: ''Derviš i smrt'') is a 1974 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Velimirović based on a novel by Meša Selimović.
 Kabuto-O Beetle (兜王ビートル Kabuto-Ou Bitoru) translated as Beetle the Horn King is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Minoru Kawasaki. The film from an original story by Go Nagai and a screenplay by Takao Nakano is based on the character of the same name created by Nagai for Osaka Pro-Wrestling (Ōsaka Puroresu).
 S.O.B. is a 1981 American film comedy written and directed by Blake Edwards. It stars Julie Andrews (Edwards' spouse in real life) and Richard Mulligan. Also appearing are Robert Preston Larry Hagman Robert Vaughn Robert Webber Loretta Swit Shelley Winters and in his last movie appearance William Holden.S.O.B. was originally released in the United States by Paramount Pictures on July 1 1981.
 A Thief in the Night is a 1972 Christian end times film produced by Russell S. Doughten. It is the first and best known film in Doughten's four-part series on the Rapture and Second Coming of Christ. The films together are often referred to collectively as the Thief or Rapture series.
 Ramachandra is a 2003 Indian Tamil film directed by Raj Kapoor starring Sathyaraj and Vijayalakshmi in lead roles. The film produced by Singanamala Ramesh had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 January 2003 to mixed reviews.
 The Lost Sermon is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood Harry von Meter Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Louise Lester. It was based on a story written by Eleanor Talbot Kinkead.
 Mahayanam is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Joshy and written by Lohithadas. With Mammootty MukeshVijayarakhavan and Seema appearing in lead roles.This film was a mega hit at the box office.
 Dharma Bandhan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Carnosaur is a 1993 science fiction horror film starring Diane Ladd as a mad scientist who plans to recreate dinosaurs and destroy humanity. The film is loosely based on the novel Carnosaur by John Brosnan (under the pseudonym of Harry Adam Knight) that was released in 1984 but the two have little in common. They share only a few scenes the villain still has the same basic motive and both contain explicit gore and violence.
 Adavadi is a 2007 Tamil psychological thriller film directed by V. S. Bharath Hanna. The film features Sathyaraj and Radha in lead roles. The film produced by G. Saravana and R. Sekar had musical score by Deva and was released on 30 March 2007. The film is a remake of the Kannada film A.
 The Cat Returns (猫の恩返し Neko no Ongaeshi lit. The Cat's Repayment) is a 2002 Japanese animated drama film directed by Hiroyuki Morita of Studio Ghibli. A spin-off of Whisper of the Heart it was theatrically released in Japan on July 19 2002 through the Toho Company and in 2003 in the United States through Walt Disney Pictures.It received an Excellence Prize at the 2002 Japan Media Arts Festival.
 Penetration Angst is a 2003 UK horror film written produced and directed by Wolfgang Büld and starring Fiona Horsey. The film was later released in the United States on DVD as Angst.
 Tōjin Okichi (唐人お吉 Tōjin Okichi) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mitsuo Wakasugi.
 La Pivellina (The Little One) is a 2009 Austrian feature film debut directed by Tizza Covi and Rainer Frimmel. The film premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival in the Directors' Fortnight where it has been awarded the Europa Cinemas Label as Best European Film.
 L'abito nero da sposa is a 1945 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Fosco Giachetti.
 Texas is a 1941 Western film directed by George Marshall and starring Glenn Ford and William Holden.
 Per un pugno nell'occhio is a 1965 Italian film. It is a spaghetti western parody of Fistful of Dollars and was also known as Fistful of Knuckles and For a Fist in the Eye.
 Don't Deliver Us from Evil (original title: Mais ne nous délivrez pas du mal) is a 1971 French film directed by Joël Séria. It is loosely based on the Parker–Hulme murder case of 1954.
 Washington Merry-Go-Round is a 1932 film directed by James Cruze and produced by Walter Wanger.
 Eyewitness is a 1981 thriller film about a television news reporter and a janitor who team up to solve a murder. The film was directed by Peter Yates written by Steve Tesich and stars William Hurt Sigourney Weaver and Christopher Plummer.Hum To Mohabbat Karega a 2000 Bollywood thriller-comedy film starring Karishma Kapoor and Bobby Deol was inspired by Eyewitness.
 Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga is a 1997 Tamil language film directed by Balu and produced by Sivasakthi Pandian. The film featured Murali alongside Kausalya in her debut role while Gemini Ganesan and Manivannan play supporting roles. The film opened in February 1997. It was a blockbuster and completed a 250-day run at the box office.The film was remade in Kannada as Kushalave Kshemave with Ramesh Aravind and Srilakshmi.
 Kumari Pennin Ullathile is a 1980 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Sankaran for Surendra Arts International. The film stars Vijayan K. Bhagyaraj and Radhika in the lead roles.
 Born of Hope: The Ring of Barahir is a 2009 fantasy-adventure fan film directed by Kate Madison and written by Paula DiSante (as Alex K. Aldridge) that is based on the appendices of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. The film centres on the communities affected by Sauron's war; the story of Arathorn II and his relationship with Gilraen and the importance of the Dúnedain bloodline.The bulk of the film was shot at the West Stow Anglo-Saxon Village in Suffolk.
 The Enchanted Boy (Russian: Заколдованный мальчик Zakoldovanyy malchik) is a 1955 Soviet/Russian traditionally-animated feature film directed by Vladimir Polkovnikov and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow.The film's image and sound were recently restored by the Russian company Krupnyy Plan which released it on video and DVD packaged together with Cipollino a 1961 39-minute film directed by Boris Dyozhkin.
 If I Had a Hammer is a 1999 film starring Susan Reno and Kristian Monday and written and directed by Josh Becker.
 Come on Danger! is a 1932 Western film. It made a profit of $30000.It was remade in 1941.
 Silent Raiders is a 1954 low budget American war film directed starring and co-produced by Richard Bartlett. It was the first film of the L&B Production Company consisting of Earle Lyon and Richard Bartlett.
 The Night Train to Kathmandu is a 1988 tv movie that stars Milla Jovovich Eddie Castrodad and Pernell Roberts. It was directed by Robert Wiemer.
 Girls! Girls! Girls! is a 1962 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley as a penniless Hawaiian fisherman who loves his life on the sea and dreams of owning his own boat. Return to Sender which reached #2 on the Billboard pop singles chart is featured in the movie. The movie opened at #6 on the Variety box office chart and finished the year at #31 on the year-end list of the top-grossing movies of 1962.
 Golden Needles (also released under the title The Chase for the Golden Needles) is a 1974 American action/adventure film starring Joe Don Baker Elizabeth Ashley Ann Sothern Jim Kelly Burgess Meredith and Roy Chiao. The film was directed by Robert Clouse and shot on location in Hong Kong.
 Ombre sul Canal Grande is a 1951 Italian film.
 Kandu Kandarinju is a 1985 Malayalam film made in India starring Mammootty Mohanlal and Rahman.
 Speriamo che sia femmina (internationally released as Let's Hope It's a Girl) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. For this film Monicelli was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Director and a Nastro d'Argento in the same category. The film also won the David di Donatello for Best Film Best Supporting Actress Best Supporting Actor Best Producer Best Editing and Best Script.
 Sto dney posle detstva (Russian: Сто дней после детства '100 days after childhood') is a 1975 Soviet romance film directed by Sergei Solovyov. It was entered into the 25th Berlin International Film Festival where Solovyov won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Slaughterhouse-Five is a 1972 film based on Kurt Vonnegut's novel of the same name. The screenplay is by Stephen Geller and the film was directed by George Roy Hill. It stars Michael Sacks Ron Leibman and Valerie Perrine and features Eugene Roche Sharon Gans Holly Near and Perry King. The scenes set in Dresden were filmed in Prague.
 Ee Vazhi Mathram is a 1983 Malayalam Indian feature film directed by Ravi Gupthan. The film stars Sukumaran Shankar and Mano Chitra in the lead roles.
 Satan in Sydney is a 1918 Australian melodrama from director Beaumont Smith. It was his first movie which was not about the rural family the Hayseeds. It is considered a lost film.
 Pray the Devil Back to Hell is a documentary film directed by Gini Reticker and produced by Abigail Disney. The film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival where it won the award for Best Documentary. The film had its theatrical release in New York City on November 7 2008.The film documents a peace movement called Women of Liberia Mass Action for Peace. Organized by social worker Leymah Gbowee the movement started with praying and singing in a fish market.
 Soaked in Bleach is an upcoming American docudrama directed by Benjamin Statler who co-wrote and produced it with Richard Middelton and Donnie Eichar. The film details the events leading up to the death of Kurt Cobain as seen through the perspective of Tom Grant. The film stars Tyler Bryan as Cobain and Daniel Roebuck as Grant with Sarah Scott portraying Courtney Love and August Emerson as Dylan Carlson.
 Apart Together (simplified Chinese: 团圆; traditional Chinese: 團圓; pinyin: Tuán yuán) is a 2010 Chinese drama film directed by Wang Quan'an. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival and won the Best Screenplay award.
 Working Girls is a 2010 Filipino comedy film remake starring Eugene Domingo Jennylyn Mercado Iza Calzado Cristine Reyes Bianca King Eula Valdez and Ruffa Gutierrez. Directed by Jose Javier Reyes from a screenplay by Amado Lacuesta it was produced by GMA Films Viva Films and Unitel Pictures and released to cinemas on April 21 2010 in the Philippines.
 Visit to a Small Planet is a 1960 Paramount Pictures film starring Jerry Lewis based on a play by Gore Vidal. It was released on February 4 1960.
 Antony and Cleopatra is a 1972 film adaptation of the play of the same name by William Shakespeare made by the Rank Organisation. It was directed by Charlton Heston and produced by Peter Snell from a screenplay by Federico De Urrutia and the director.The film stars Charlton Heston and Hildegarde Neil in the title roles with Eric Porter Roger Delgado John Castle Fernando Rey Carmen Sevilla Freddie Jones and Douglas Wilmer.
 Blood on the Highway is an American comedy-horror film that was first released in March 2008 by BOH Productions. The film premiered at the AFI Dallas Film Festival on March 28 2008. The film was directed by Barak Epstein and Blair Rowan and stars Deva George Robin Gierhart Nate Rubin and features Nicholas Brendon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and Tom Towles (House of 1000 Corpses Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer).
 The Island of Doctor Agor is a 1971 American short animated film written and directed by then-thirteen-year-old Tim Burton who also starred in the title role of Doctor Agor. The short is one of Burton's first animated films and was adapted by Burton from the H. G. Wells story The Island of Doctor Moreau.The film starred Burton's friends and classmates and was shot with a Super 8 camera utilizing locations such as the LA Zoo's animal cages and beaches in Malibu.
 Another State of Mind is a documentary film made in the summer of 1982 chronicling the adventure (and misadventure) of two punk bands – Social Distortion and Youth Brigade – as they embark on their first international tour. Along the way they meet up with another progressive punk band Minor Threat whom they hang out with at the Dischord house for about a week near the end of their ill-fated tour.
 The Iron Curtain is a 1948 black-and-white thriller film starring Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney directed by William Wellman. The film was based on the memoirs of Igor Gouzenko. Principal photography was done on location in Ottawa Canada by Charles G. Clarke. The film was later re-released as Behind the Iron Curtain.In Shostakovich v.
 Tickets is a 2005 comedy-drama film directed by Abbas Kiarostami Ken Loach and Ermanno Olmi.
 Tjioeng Wanara ([tʃiˈuŋ waˈnara]; Perfected Spelling: Ciung Wanara) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) directed and produced by Jo Eng Sek. Starring R Sukran Elly Joenara and AB Djoenaedi it featured more than 500 people in supporting roles.
 I've Come About the Suicide is a 1987 Australian comedy about a writer and his man servant who try to convince the world that the writer has gone mad.
 The Last Sentence (Swedish: Dom över död man; Judgement on the dead) is a Swedish film from 2012 directed by Jan Troell and starring Jesper Christensen Pernilla August Björn Granath and Ulla Skoog.
 The Complaint of an Empress (Die Klage der Kaiserin) is a 1990 film directed by Pina Bausch. It is the only film she directed
 Slumber Party Massacre 3 is the second sequel to the original 1982 slasher film The Slumber Party Massacre. It was directed by Sally Mattison written by Bruce Carson and produced by Catherine Cyranthe alongside producer Roger Corman who had produced the first sequel in 1987.
 Of Pups and Puzzles is a 1941 American short documentary film directed by George Sidney. It won an Academy Award in 1942 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Straight Shooting is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. Prints of this film survive in the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House.
 Kissing Darkness is an horror-thriller comedy film directed and written by James Townsend. It stars Kyle Blitch Ronnie Kroell Sean Paul Lockhart Daniel Berilla Griffin Marc and Nick Airus. The film was shot in Southern California in late summer 2012.
 Trail of Robin Hood is a 1950 American Trucolor film starring Roy Rogers and filmed in the San Bernardino Mountains and Big Bear Lake California. It is notable for featuring a large cast of Western stars and the last film that Roy Rogers filmed in Trucolor. There is no reference to Robin Hood in the film.
 Walled In is a 2009 horror-thriller directed and co-written by Gilles Paquet-Brenner. The film is based on the best-selling French novel Les Emmurés by Serge Brussolo. It is the English-language debut of critically acclaimed French director Gilles Paquet-Brenner. The film was shot in Saskatchewan Canada.
 Rolling Vengeance is a 1987 exploitation film directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and starring Don Michael Paul and Ned Beatty. The movie follows a truck driver that builds a special eight-ton truck to help get revenge against the rednecks who killed his family and raped his girlfriend. The film script's initial premise centered around a young boy that created special monster trucks in order to eliminate drunk drivers.
 Voici le temps des assassins (Here is the time of the assassins) is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier released in April 1956. The title is a line of Matinée d'ivresse - part of Illuminations by Arthur Rimbaud.
 Perché uccidi ancora is a 1965 Italian western film adventure directed by José Antonio de la Loma.
 The House on the Edge of the Park (Italian: La casa sperduta nel parco) is a 1980 Italian exploitation film from the Italian director Ruggero Deodato. It stars David Hess from Wes Craven's The Last House on the Left (playing a similar character) and Giovanni Lombardo Radice.The entire film was shot in only three weeks under a very limited budget.
 Verboten! is a 1959 film written produced and directed by Samuel Fuller. It was the last film of the influential but troubled RKO studio which co-produced it with Fuller's own Globe Enterprises. It was filmed at the RKO Forty Acres backlot. Distribution was handled by Columbia Pictures.Verboten! was the first of Samuel Fuller's films to be set during World War II of which he was a veteran.
 Goin' Fishin' is a 1940 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 191st Our Gang short (192nd episode 103rd talking short 104th talking episode and 23rd MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Eyes Without a Face (French: Les yeux sans visage) is a 1960 French-Italian horror film adaptation of Jean Redon's novel directed by Georges Franju and starring Pierre Brasseur and Alida Valli. During the film's production consideration was given to the standards of European censors by setting the right tone minimizing gore and eliminating the mad-scientist character. Although the film passed through the European censors the film's release in Europe caused controversy nevertheless.
 Mirush (Blodsbånd) is a Norwegian movie from 2007 directed by Marius Holst. It tells the story of an Albanian boy Mirush who travels to Norway is search of his father. Italian actor Enrico Lo Verso plays the role of Bekim Mirush's father.
 Reunion Solitaire is an upcoming Independent film written and directed by Ronnie Vogt. Production began in September 2013 and represents the first screen appearance of 101-year old Swiss actor Lukas Ammann since his last in 2005.
 Naug Ma Kja Kyay (Burmese: နောက်မကျကျေး) or Late is a 2004 Burmese musical drama film directed by Mg Myo Min (Yin Twin Phit).
 Reality is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Matteo Garrone and stars Aniello Arena Loredana Simioli and Claudia Gerini. The narrative is set in the world of reality television and follows a Neapolitan fishmonger who participates in Grande Fratello the Italian version of Big Brother. The film won the Grand Prix award at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Last Gangster (aka Another Public Enemy) is a 1937 crime drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Edward G. Robinson James Stewart and Rose Stradner.
 The Manchurian Candidate is a 2004 American thriller film based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Richard Condon and a reimagining of the previous 1962 film.The film stars Denzel Washington as Bennett Marco a tenacious virtuous soldier; Liev Schreiber as Raymond Shaw a U.S. Representative from New York manipulated into becoming a vice-presidential candidate; Jon Voight as Tom Jordan a U.S.
 Lover's Grief over the Yellow River (simplified Chinese: 黄河绝恋; traditional Chinese: 黃河絕戀; pinyin: Húanghé júeliàn) is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Feng Xiaoning. It was China's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not receive a nomination. Feng considers it the second of his War and Peace (战争与和平) trilogy.
 Encuentros muy cercanos con señoras de cualquier tipo is a 1978 Argentine film.
 Flying Saucer Daffy is the 187th short subject that stars American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Inside the Law is a 1942 American film directed by Hamilton MacFadden. It is also known as Rogues in Clover.
 Bilocation (バイロケーション) is a 2013 Japanese science fiction horror film directed by Mari Asato.
 Miss Mary is an Indian film from 1972 directed by Jambu.
 Snowpiercer (Korean: 설국열차; hanja: 雪國列車; RR: Seolgugyeolcha) is a 2013 South Korean-American science fiction action film based on the French graphic novel Le Transperceneige by Jacques Lob Benjamin Legrand and Jean-Marc Rochette. The film is directed by Bong Joon-ho and written by Bong and Kelly Masterson.
 Fetish & Dreams is a 1985 film by Swiss filmmaker Steff Gruber. The film premiered at the Film Festival Locarno 1985.
 Me Bob Robert (French: Moi Robert Bob) is a 2003 documentary film by Quebec films directors Denys Desjardins and Stéphane Thibault. The film follows the final days of a municipal election campaign by Robert Bob Filiatrault.
 Final Verdict (1991) is a TNT Drama movie starring Treat Williams Olivia Burnette and Glenn Ford. It was directed by Jack Fisk.This was the last work of Hollywood legend Glenn Ford.
 The Gambler is a 1974 feature film starring James Caan Lauren Hutton and Paul Sorvino.The film is loosely based on the short novel The Gambler by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and was filmed at a time when leading actor James Caan was battling his own addiction to cocaine. Caan was nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance.
 Just Another Saturday is a Play For Today (BBC) about the Orange walk culture transmitted 7 November 1975 on BBC1. It was directed by John Mackenzie and stars Jon Morrison and Billy Connolly.The film won the Prix Italia for Best Drama.
 Kachcha Chor is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Jambu.
 Summer Rain aka El camino de los ingleses (literally Englishmen's Road) is a 2006 film directed by Spanish actor Antonio Banderas. The film based on the novel of the same name by Antonio Soler who also wrote the script for the film.
 StagKnight is a black comedy horror film by Simon Cathcart and Robert Mercer. The film combines the surreal humour of Cathcart's previous satirical cinematic outing Black Velvet with the thrills and spills of the serial killer genre to create an experience by turns deeply disturbing and outrageously comedic. It was filmed in Effingham Surrey England UK.
 El analfabeto (English: The Illiterate One) is a 1961 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado starring Cantinflas Lilia Prado and Sara García. It is the second Cantinflas film presented by Columbia Pictures.
 The Barefoot Mailman is a comedy-adventure film starring Robert Cummings and distributed by Columbia Pictures in 1951. The film was based on the 1943 novel The Barefoot Mailman by Theodore Pratt. Filmed in Super Cinecolor on location in Florida where the events take place it features many elements of the Western.
 The Sea Wolves is a 1980 war film starring Gregory Peck Roger Moore and David Niven. The film is based on the book Boarding Party by James Leasor which itself is based on a real incident which took place in World War II. The incident involved the Calcutta Light Horse's covert attack on 9 March 1943 against a German merchant ship which had been transmitting information to U-boats from Mormugão Harbour in neutral Portugal's territory of Goa.
 Seenu is a South Indian Telugu film released in 1999. It stars Daggubati Venkatesh and Twinkle Khanna. Directed by Sasi it was produced by Super Good Films. Music composed by Mani Sharma is the highlight of the film. This is the only Telugu film of Twinkle Khanna till date. The film was critically acclaimed and is not a regular commercial entertainer. It was a remake from a Tamil movie Sollamale. This was later remade into Hindi as Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai.
 Full Moon Party (Dutch: Volle maan) is a 2002 Dutch film.It received a Golden Film (75000 tickets sold) and a Platinum Film (200000 tickets sold).
 Timebomb is a 1991 sci-fi action film written and directed by Avi Nesher. Starring Michael Biehn (The Terminator) and Patsy Kensit (Lethal Weapon 2).Producers originally wanted Jean-Claude Van Damme or Chuck Norris to play Kay but Nesher saw Biehn as perfect for the role due to his performance in The Abyss. Biehn himself took a pay cut to show his dedication to the film.[citation needed]
 The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit (Japanese: ギララの逆襲／洞爺湖サミット危機一発 Girara no Gyakushū: Tōyako Samitto Kiki Ippatsu meaning Guilala Strikes Back: the Tōyako Summit Attack Crisis) is a 2008 independent Japanese Kaiju comedy film released by Shochiku and produced by the Guilala Production Committee. It is a satirical sequel to the 1967 film The X from Outer Space.
 Dodsworth is a 1936 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Walter Huston Ruth Chatterton and Mary Astor. Sidney Howard based the screenplay on his 1934 stage adaptation of the 1929 novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis. Huston was likewise recreating his stage role.The center of the film is a study of a marriage in crisis.
 Ich für dich du für mich is a 1934 German film directed by Carl Froelich.
 The Pony Express is a silent 1925 Western film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by James Cruze and starred his wife Betty Compson along with Ricardo Cortez Wallace Beery and George Bancroft. Prints of this film survive but it hasn't seen a DVD release.
 Halloween Night is a 2006 American horror film produced by The Asylum. Despite sharing a similar title with the 1978 film Halloween Halloween Night is itself an original film as opposed to a mockbuster film for which The Asylum are infamous.
 Pete's Meteor is an Irish drama film released in 2002. It was written and directed by Joe O'Byrne and stars Mike Myers in his first dramatic role. Mike Myers plays a drug dealer living in the slums of Dublin. He tries to financially provide for the three children of his dead brother. The children's lives are forever changed when a meteor crashes into their backyard. Alfred Molina plays a wealthly scientist that the children must confront to retrieve their heaven sent gift.
 Crash Course (also known as Driving Academy) is a 1988 made for television teen film directed by Oz Scott.
 Los Acusados (English language:The Accused) is a 1960 Argentine crime drama directed and written by Antonio Cunill Jr.. The film was based on a screen play by Marco Denevi. The film starred Mario Soffici and Silvia Legrand.
 Uthami is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by M. Vellaichami starring Sujatha and Rajesh in lead roles.
 L'homme orchestre is a comedy film from 1969 directed by Serge Korber written by Jean Halain and starring by Louis de Funès.
 Game in the Sand (German: Spiel im Sand) is an unreleased short film written and directed by Werner Herzog in 1964. The plot concerns four children and a rooster in a cardboard box and includes a scene where the chicken is buried in sand up to its neck. Very little information about the film and its production is known.The film has never been published or publicly exhibited and Herzog has stated that he will never give it a release in his lifetime.
 Encrypt is a television movie that premiered June 14 2003 on the Sci-Fi Channel. Set in the year 2068 the Earth's surface is in a cataclysmic upheaval much of it transformed into wasteland by unstoppable storms (the byproduct of the destruction of the ozone layer). It was directed by Oscar Luis Costo.
 The Las Vegas Hillbillys is a 1966 American country music comedy film directed by Arthur C. Pierce. It was featured in an episode of The Canned Film Festival in the summer of 1986.
 Bhairava Dweepam is a very successful Tollywood folk movie that was released by the banner of Chandamama Vijaya Combines in the year 1994. The movie was starred by Nandamuri Balakrishna Roja Selvamani Rambha Kaikala Satyanarayana Manorama K. R. Vijaya Babu Mohan Giri Babu Subhalekha Sudhakar B. Padmanabham Vijayakumar Suthi Velu and many more. Produced by B. Venkatarama Reddy Music by Madhavapeddi Suresh Story Screenplay & Direction by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.
 Hitler's Children is an Israeli-German 2012 documentary film directed by Chanoch Zeevi that portrays the struggle of family members of Hitler’s inner circle with the burden of a family legacy and surname identified with the horrors of the Holocaust. The descendants of the most senior Nazis describe the conflicted feelings of guilt and responsibility they carry with them in their daily lives.
 This is the Life is a 2008 documentary film directed by Ava DuVernay which chronicles the alternative hip hop movement that flourished in 1990's Los Angeles and its legendary center the Good Life Cafe. Interviewees include Myka 9 and P.E.A.C.E. of Freestyle Fellowship Chali 2na and Cut Chemist of Jurassic 5 Medusa Abstract Rude Pigeon John 2Mex Chillin Villian Empire Busdriver and many others.
 Power Games: The Packer-Murdoch War is an Australian drama-miniseries which screened on the Nine Network in 2013. The miniseries is set in the period 1960-75 when the Murdoch and Packer families collided as they battled for control of Australia’s newspaper and television industries.
 Lars and the Real Girl is a 2007 American-Canadian comedy-drama film written by Nancy Oliver and directed by Craig Gillespie. It stars Ryan Gosling Emily Mortimer Paul Schneider Kelli Garner and Patricia Clarkson.
 Joyride is a 2005 adventure mystery film from the Netherlands which featured the music from symphonic metal band Epica.
 Victims of Vice (French: Brigade mondaine) is a 1978 French film directed by Jacques Scandelari based on Michel Brice's novel edited by Gérard de Villiers .
 Corazón salvaje (Wild at Heart) was the second film adaptation of the Caridad Bravo Adams 1957 novel of the same name. It is considered the closest to the original story. The first film was made in 1956 and starred Martha Roth. The 1968 version starred Julio Alemán in the role of Juan del Diablo and Angélica María as Mónica Molnar - this part made her a star in China. She later repeated her role in the 1977 telenovela version.
 The Ambassador's Daughter is a 1956 romantic comedy film starring Olivia de Havilland and John Forsythe.
 The Unholy Garden is a 1931 drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Ronald Colman. It was based on a story by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur.
 1919 is a 1985 British drama film directed by Hugh Brody and written by Michael Ignatieff together with Brody. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Road to Perdition is a 2002 American crime film directed by Sam Mendes. The screenplay was adapted by David Self from the graphic novel of the same name by Max Allan Collins. The film stars Tom Hanks Paul Newman Jude Law and Daniel Craig. The plot takes place in 1931 during the Great Depression following a mob enforcer and his son as they seek vengeance against a mobster who murdered the rest of their family.Filming took place in the Chicago area.
 Tears of Blood (German: Und der Regen verwischt jede Spur) is a 1972 West German-French drama film directed by Alfred Vohrer. It was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Exile is a 1994 Australian drama film directed by Paul Cox. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival. The film was shot entirely on location in Tasmania.
 Hollywood High is a 2003 documentary television film about the depiction of drug addiction in film. It was directed by Bruce Sinofsky and features appearances by Darren Aronofsky Jared Leto and Hubert Selby Jr.
 Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film directed by Jean de Segonzac with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim. The movie was a direct-to-DVD sequel to Mimic (1997) and was followed by Mimic 3: Sentinel (2003).The thriller stars long-time film veteran Edward Albert along with Alix Koromzay (returning from the original film) Bruno Campos and Jon Polito.
 Aadmi is a 1968 Hindi drama film produced by P. S Veerappa and directed by A Bhimsingh. The film stars Dilip Kumar Waheeda Rehman Manoj Kumar Simi Garewal and Pran. The film's music is by Naushad. The film is a remake of the Tamil film Aalayamani starring Sivaji Ganesan. Besides being noted Dilip Kumar's acting as man on wheel chair the film is also known for its dialogues by Akhtar ul Iman and trick work cinematography by Faredoon A. Irani. It was a moderate success at the box office.
 The Wind is a 1928 American silent romantic drama film directed by Victor Sjöström. The movie was adapted by Frances Marion from the novel of the same name written by Dorothy Scarborough. It features Lillian Gish Lars Hanson and Montagu Love. It was one of the last silent films released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Renaldo and Clara is a 1978 American film directed by Bob Dylan and starring Bob Dylan Sara Dylan and Joan Baez.
 The Expulsion from Paradise (German: Die Vertreibung aus dem Paradies) is a 1977 West German comedy film directed by Niklaus Schilling. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Lightning Love is a 1923 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Runaways is a 2010 American drama film about the 1970s all-girl rock band of the same name written and directed by Floria Sigismondi. It is based on the book Neon Angel: A Memoir of a Runaway by the band's original lead vocalist Cherie Currie. The film stars Dakota Fanning as Currie Kristen Stewart as rhythm guitarist and vocalist Joan Jett and Michael Shannon as record producer Kim Fowley.
 Taqdeer (Destiny Fate) is a 1943 Indian Hindi language comedy film. It was directed by Mehboob Khan under his Mehboob Productions banner. The star cast included a young Nargis in her first lead role along with Motilal Chandra Mohan Charlie Jilloobai and Kayam Ali. Written by Ghulam Mohammed the screenplay and dialogue were by Agha Jani Kashmiri. Its music was composed by Rafiq Ghaznavi and the lyrics credited to Meharul Qadri.
 Howard Cantour.com is a 2012 short film directed by actor Shia LaBeouf. The short was shown at the Cannes Film Festival on May 18 2012 followed by an online premiere on December 17 2013. The short film follows the eponymous internet film critic Howard Cantour who was played by Jim Gaffigan. Howard Cantour.com is derived from Justin M. Damiano a comic by Dan Clowes although LaBeouf did not seek permission from Clowes or acknowledge Clowes in the film's credits.
 The Rogue Stallion is a 1990 Australian television film about a wild horse. It was part of the South Pacific Adventure Series.Anna Peterson (Beth Buchanan) loves horses and the fact that her father (Bruno Lawrence) works at a racetrack in Sydney Australia only adds to her enthusiasm.
 Himmatwala is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Jayant Gilatar starring Mithun Chakraborty and Ayesha Jhulka in lead roles. Other important roles were portrayed by Shakti Kapoor Dina Pathak Tiku Talsania and Tinnu Anand. The film introduces Rajesh Sharma and Radhika.
 November Man is an upcoming spy thriller film based on the novel There Are No Spies by Bill Granger which is canonically the seventh installment in The November Man series of books published in 1987. It stars Pierce Brosnan Olga Kurylenko Luke Bracey and Bill Smitrovich with the screenplay written by Michael Finch and Karl Gajdusek. The film is directed by Roger Donaldson known for his most notable works Species The Recruit and The Bank Job.
 The Vanishing Dagger is a 1920 American adventure film serial directed by Edward A. Kull John F. Magowan and Eddie Polo. It is thought to be lost.
 Halloween is a 1978 American independent slasher horror film directed and scored by John Carpenter co-written with producer Debra Hill and starring Donald Pleasence and Jamie Lee Curtis in her film debut. The film was the first installment in what became the Halloween franchise. The plot is set in the fictional Midwestern town of Haddonfield Illinois. On Halloween night in 1963 a six-year-old Michael Myers murders his older sister by stabbing her with a kitchen knife.
 Night lodgers is a documentary directed by Licínio Azevedo.
 For the Churchill biography see The Last Lion: Winston Spencer ChurchillThe Last Lion is a 1972 South African action film directed by Elmo De Witt and starring Jack Hawkins Karen Spies and Dawid Van Der Walt. The screenplay was written by Wilbur Smith one of his rare original screenplays. He used a similar story later on in his novel A Time to Die.
 Boy Meets Boy is a 2008 South Korean short film directed by Kim Jho Kwang-soo.It premiered at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival in 2008. It was theatrically released in South Korea on November 20 2008.
 Dokkan Shehata is an Egyptian drama film produced in 2009. The main actors in this film are Muhammad Hamidah 'Umaru Sa'ad Ghadah 'Abd Al-Raziq Haifa Wehbe 'Umru 'Abd Al-Jalil Tariq 'Abd Al-'Aziz and 'Abd Al-Aziz Makhyoun. The film is produced by Khaled Youssef.
 Anna Nee En Deivam is an unreleased Tamil Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar for Jayaar Movies. The film stars MGR Latha M. N. Nambiar and V. S. Raghavan in the lead roles.
 Without a Trace is a 1983 dramatic film. It is based on the novel Still Missing by Beth Gutcheon. The film stars Kate Nelligan Judd Hirsch David Dukes and Stockard Channing.
 The Moonshiners is a 1916 short comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Tadbir is a 1945 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fifth highest grossing Indian film of 1945.
 Scoop is a 1987 TV film directed by Gavin Millar adapted by William Boyd from the 1938 satirical novel Scoop by Evelyn Waugh. It was produced by Sue Birtwistle with executive producers Nick Elliott and Patrick Garland. Original music was made by Stanley Myers. The story is about a reporter sent to the fictional African state of Ishmaelia by accident.
 Un Baiser Volé is a 2000 Hong Kong romantic comedy film written by Patrick Kong and Manfred Wong and produced by Chiu Fu-Sheng and Manfred Wong. The film stars Christy Chung Stephen Fung Natalie Ng and Crystal Cheung Yee Tung.
 Journey to the South Pacific is a 2013 IMAX Documentary film directed by Greg MacGillivray. It was narrated by Cate Blanchett.
 Once in the Life is a 2000 film written by directed by and starring Laurence Fishburne. Fishburne adapted the script from his own play Riff-Raff.
 The Chance of a Night Time is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Ralph Lynn Winifred Shotter and Kenneth Kove. The screenplay was written by Ben Travers based on his play The Dippers and the cast included cast members from Travers's Aldwych Farces.
 Midnight Movies: From the Margin to the Mainstream is a 2005 documentary written and directed by Stuart Samuels based on his book on the subject.The film chronicles the period between 1970 and 1977 in which six low-budget films shown at midnight transformed the way films are made and watched: El Topo (1970) Night of the Living Dead (1968) The Harder They Come (1973) Pink Flamingos (1972) The Rocky Horror Picture Show (1975) and Eraserhead (1977).Also portrayed in the film are the films Freaks (1932) and Reefer Madness (1936) which gained notoriety and a huge cult following thanks to midnight showings. 
 Buenos Aires ciudad de ensueño (English language:Buenos Aires City of Dreams) is a 1922 Argentine musical film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in Argentina on 26 September 1922.It is a tango-based film one of many directed by José A. Ferreyra.
 Friend (Hangul: 친구; RR: Chin-gu) is a 2001 South Korean film written and directed by Kwak Kyung-taek. Upon its release it became the highest-grossing South Korean movie of all time. Its record was surpassed in 2003 by Silmido.This film is the director's experience about his friends a semi-autobiography set in his hometown Busan and the actors speak with a strongly accented Busan dialect.
 Hell Ship Mutiny is a 1957 American South Seas film directed by Lee Sholem and Elmo Williams starring Jon Hall who also produced and narrated the film. It is a compilation of a 1955 unsold television pilot Knight of the South Seas. Hall's father Felix Locher plays the role of a native chief
 Do Chattane is a 1974 Bollywood action film directed by G. H. Sarin.
 My Wife's Lover (太太的情人) is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Kevin Chu.
 Shōwa Erotic Romance: The Virgin's Bashfulness (昭和エロ浪漫　生娘の恥じらい Shōwa Ero Roman: Kimusume no Hajirai) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by his wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. It won the award for Fifth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Itsuka Harusaki was given a Best New Actress award for her performance in the film.
 Romeo and Juliet is a 1936 American film adapted from the play by Shakespeare directed by George Cukor from a screenplay by Talbot Jennings. The film stars Leslie Howard as Romeo and Norma Shearer as Juliet.The New York Times selected the film as one of the Best 1000 Movies Ever Made calling it a lavish production which is extremely well-produced and acted.
 Cybornetics is a 2012 American science fiction film written and directed by Dwayne Buckle. Cybornetics is Dwayne Buckle's second feature length film which was shot in New York City and New Jersey. The Minority was Dwayne Buckle's first feature length film. Cybornetics had its theatrical motion picture premiere in June 2012 at the Cinema Village Theater in New York City and was officially released on October 23 2012.
 Fun Bar Karaoke (Thai: ฝันบ้าคาราโอเกะ or Fan ba karaoke literally dream crazy karaoke) is a 1997 crime-comedy directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. The film had its world premiere at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival for which Pen-Ek was credited as Tom Pannet. It screened in the festival's Forum section.
 Vice Raid is a 1960 B-movie crime drama starring Mamie Van Doren and Richard Coogan. It was issued on a double bill with Inside the Mafia.
 Paigham is a 1959 Hindi movie produced and directed by S. S. Vasan. The film stars Dilip Kumar Vyjayanthimala Raaj Kumar Saroja Devi Motilal and Johnny Walker. The film's music is by C. Ramachandra. This was the first time Dilip and Raaj Kumar appeared in a film together. (They later appeared together once again over three decades later for the 1991 film Saudagar). The film later remade in Tamil as Irumbu Thirai by S. S.
 Chennai Kadhal is a 2006 Tamil film directed by Vikraman. The film stars Bharath and Genelia. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Joshua Sridhar. The film was released on 8 December 2006.
 The Shoe (Latvian: Kurpe German: Der Schuh) is a 1998 German-Latvian drama film directed by Laila Pakalniņa. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 RocketMan is a 1997 science fiction comedy film directed by Stuart Gillard and starring Harland Williams Jessica Lundy and William Sadler. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Caravan Pictures and was released on October 10 1997.
 Days of Jesse James is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Kusthi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2006. Prabhu and Karthik came together after Agni Natchathiram which was a blockbuster at the box office. Unfortunately this movie failed at the box office even though we have two established actors in the movie.
 Trojan Eddie is a 1996 British-Irish crime drama film directed by Gillies MacKinnon. The film won an award at the San Sebastián International Film Festival in 1996.
 The Amateur Gentleman is a 1920 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Langhorn Burton Madge Stuart and Cecil Humphreys. The film is adapted from the 1913 novel The Amateur Gentleman by Jeffrey Farnol. Story filmed again in 1926 as The Amateur Gentleman starring Richard Barthelmess and in 1936 as The Amateur Gentleman starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr..
 The Shock of the New is a 1980 documentary television series written and presented by Robert Hughes produced by the BBC in association with Time-Life Films and produced by Lorna Pegram. It was broadcast by the BBC in 1980 in the United Kingdom and by PBS in 1981 in the United States. It addressed the development of modern art since the Impressionists and was accompanied by a book of the same name; its combination of insight wit and accessibility are still widely praised.
 Kotlovina is a 2011 Croatian drama film written and directed by Tomislav Radić.
 Royal Bengal Rohosso (Bengali: রয়েল বেঙ্গল রহস্য) (2011) is a thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray. The film was released on 23 December 2011.It is the fifth film of New Feluda Fanchise as wall as the sequel of Gorosthaney Sabdhan.
 Step Down to Terror is a 1958 American film directed by Harry Keller. It is a remake of the 1943 Alfred Hitchcock film Shadow of a Doubt.
 Oseam (Hangul: 오세암) is a 2003 South Korean drama/religious animation directed by Sung Baek-yeop. It is based on a novel by Korean author Jeong Chae-bong who has described it as being a fairy tale for adults. The title means “Five year old temple.”
 Ladies and Gentleman is a Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Siddique and starring Mohanlal Krish. J. Sathaar and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles. The film is produced by Antony Perumbavoor under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas. The film's soundtrack was composed by Ratheesh Vegha with lyrics penned by Rafeeq Ahammed and Salavoodheen Kecheri. Cinematography is handled by Satheesh Kurup and the editing is by K.R.Gowri Shanker.
 Le Dîner de Cons (English: Dinner of Fools ) also known as The Dinner Game in the United States is a 1998 French comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber. It is a film adaptation by Veber of his play Le Dîner de Cons.
 Rhythm on the Range is a 1936 American Western musical film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Bing Crosby Frances Farmer and Bob Burns. Based on a story by Mervin J. Houser the film is about a cowboy who meets a beautiful young woman while returning from a rodeo in the east and invites her to stay at his California ranch to experience his simple honest way of life.
 The Bridesmaid is a 2004 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is La Demoiselle d'honneur. The film is based on the novel The Bridesmaid by Ruth Rendell.
 Odour of Chrysanthemums is a 2002 short film directed by Mark Partridge and based on the short story by D. H. Lawrence.
 Manamagale Vaa is a 1989 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Vinodh starring Radhika and Nirosha in lead roles.
 Yesterday is a 2004 South African movie written and directed by Darrell Roodt.It tells the story of a young mother called Yesterday (played by Leleti Khumalo) who discovers she has AIDS. Her husband a migrant mine laborer who originally gave her the disease rejects her. Her ambition becomes to live long enough to see her daughter Beauty go to school.This film is the first commercial feature-length production in Zulu.
 Canción de cuna is a 1941 Argentine film based on the famous 1911 play by Gregorio Martinez Sierra. It is about a group of nuns who find an abandoned baby girl at the doorstep of their convent and decide to bring her up.
 East of Hope Street is a 1998 award-winning film drama directed and produced by Nate Thomas. It was executive produced by Tim Russ (best known for his role as Lieutenant Commander Tuvok on the Star Trek: Voyager television series) who also stars in the film. East of Hope Street had a limited release in theaters beginning on November 5 1999 by The Cinema Guild. It had a home video street date on September 21 2004.
 Dead to the World is a 1991 Australian film.It premiered at the 1991 Melbourne International Film Festival.
 Hollywood Cavalcade is a 1939 American film featuring Alice Faye as a young performer making her way in the early days of Hollywood from slapstick silent pictures through the transition from silent to sound.Atypical for Faye's 20th Century Fox output this has no musical numbers and the tone is more dramatic than comic. (The alternate title was Falling Stars.) The first part of the film provides a fictionalized look at silent-era performers and their productions.
 Through the Fire is a 2005 documentary film. The film focuses on Sebastian Telfair as he goes through his senior year at Abraham Lincoln High School in New York City. Throughout the film Sebastian is faced with the choice between college in Louisville or making the jump from high school to the NBA.
 Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar is a 1922 Brazilian silent romance film directed by José Medina.The film premiered on April 30 1922 in Rio de Janeiro.
 Lost in Alaska is a 1952 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
 The Black Torment is a 1964 British gothic horror film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring John Turner Heather Sears and Ann Lynn. The film is set in 18th-century Devon and was scripted by brothers Donald and Derek Ford. In terms of plot and setting it shares many similarities with the Hammer Horror productions of the 1960s but was made by a smaller studio Compton Films.
 All in the Game is a 2006 British one-off television drama made by Tightrope Pictures for Channel 4.It is a behind-the-scenes drama based on the power-politics of British football starring Ray Winstone.It was filmed at the Ricoh Arena home of Coventry City football Club. One scene was filmed in front of the fans on a match day against Derby county which involved star Ray Winstone kissing the pitch. Coincidentally Coventry City went on to beat Derby 6-1 on the day that scene was filmed.
 The Magic Pudding is an Australian animated musical family film based on the story by Norman Lindsay.
 Café Elektric (1927) is an Austrian film directed by Gustav Ucicky.
 Kaavalkaaran (Tamil: காவல்காரன் English: Police man) is a 1967 Indian Tamil directed by P. Neelakantan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha M. N. Nambiar S. A. Ashokan Sivakumar Nagesh among others. The first film after the incident of shooting in 1967 by his rival M.R. Radha on his neck. It ran more than 100 days in all the four theatres released in Chennai and other major cities and in Ceylon it ran up to 164 days.
 Desert Moon (月の砂漠 Tsuki no Sabaku) is a 2001 Japanese drama film written directed and edited by Shinji Aoyama starring Hiroshi Mikami. It was in competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Untitled is a 2011 British drama-horror film directed by Shaun Troke. Presented in the style of found footage the film stars Troke alongside Nikki Harrup Leonora Moore and Danny Goldberg.
 The Wolf of Debt is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Jack Harvey. The film stars William Garwood and Violet Mersereau and Fanny Hayes.
 Lila & Eve is an upcoming American drama film directed by Charles Stone III and written by Pat Gilfillan. The film stars Jennifer Lopez and Viola Davis.
 Cappuccino is a 1989 Australian comedy film about out of work actors.
 Uccidete il vitello grasso e arrostitelo (internationally released as Kill the Fatted Calf and Roast It) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Salvatore Samperi.
 The Road to Yesterday is a 1925 American silent film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Prints of the film reportedly survive at George Eastman House and in private collections.
 Mistress of the Apes is a 1979 film from Larry Buchanan.
 Powdersmoke Range is a 1935 black-and-white Western film directed by Wallace Fox starring Harry Carey Hoot Gibson Guinn Williams and Bob Steele. It is based on the 1934 novel of the same name by William Colt MacDonald.
 The Echo of Youth is a 1919 silent film written and directed by Ivan Abramson and featuring Charles Richman Leah Baird Pearl Shepard and Marie Shotwell.
 Agee is a 1980 documentary film directed by Ross Spears about the writer James Agee. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Welcome to 18 (also titled Summer Release) is a 1986 coming of age comedy-drama film starring Mariska Hargitay Courtney Thorne-Smith and JoAnn Willette.
 Hora Proelefsis (Greek: Χώρα Προέλευσης (Homeland) is a 2010 Greek drama film directed by Syllas Tzoumerkas. It narrates the bitter consequences of an adoption on the members of a Greek family in the frame of the political events of the country's post-junta era.Hora Proelefsis had its world premiere at the International Critics' Week of the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Ice is a 2003 Tamil romantic film directed by Raghuraj. The film starred Ashok and Priyanka Trivedi in the lead roles while Vivek and Mouli appeared in other pivotal role. The film produced by had music scored by Devi Sri Prasad. The film released in 2003 to below average collections and reviews.
 Reunion is a 1989 dramatic film based on the 1971 novel of the same name by Fred Uhlman directed by Jerry Schatzberg from a screenplay by Harold Pinter. It stars Jason Robards. The film was released in France under the title L' Ami Retrouvé and in Germany as Der Wiedergefundene Freund.The story is centred on the enchanted friendship of two teenagers in 1933 Germany.
 Starting Over is a 1979 American comedy film starring Burt Reynolds Candice Bergen and Jill Clayburgh which tells the story of a recently divorced man who is torn between his new girlfriend and his ex-wife. It co-stars Charles Durning Frances Sternhagen Austin Pendleton and Mary Kay Place.The movie was adapted by James L. Brooks from a novel by Dan Wakefield. It was directed by Alan J.
 Orson Welles and People was a 1956 pilot for a projected documentary series by Orson Welles which is now believed to be lost.The pilot was a portrait of Alexandre Dumas entitled Camille the Naked Lady and the Musketeers. It was filmed in just one day in October 1956 at a Poverty Row studio in Hollywood using the $5000 fee that Welles had earned from his guest appearance on I Love Lucy. Welles used photo stills and drawings to illustrate the programme.
 Waqt is a 1965 Indian film directed by Yash Chopra. It made it onto the BFI's long list of films in consideration for their top ten of Indian films award. It was produced by B.R. Chopra and starred an ensemble cast including Sunil Dutt Raaj Kumar Shashi Kapoor Sadhana Balraj Sahni Madan Puri Sharmila Tagore Achala Sachdev and Rehman.
 La Vida de Carlos Gardel is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Alberto De Zavalia. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires on May 24 1939 and starred Hugo del Carril and Delia Garces.
 Kabul Express (Hindi: काबुल एक्स्प्रेस Urdu: کابل ایکسپریس) is a Bollywood film that was released on 15 December 2006. The film stars John Abraham Arshad Warsi Pakistani actor Salman Shahid Afghan actor Hanif Hum Ghum and American actress Linda Arsenio.
 Student Bodies is a 1981 comedy film written and directed by Mickey Rose with an uncredited Michael Ritchie co-directing. A spoof of slasher horror films such as Halloween Friday the 13th and Prom Night. Student Bodies was the first movie to satirize the thriving slasher film genre. A prominent feature of the film is a body count that is superimposed onscreen whenever a death occurs.Many of the cast have only appeared in this film including top-billed Kristen Riter and Matthew Goldsby.
 The Killer Inside Me is a 2010 American film adaptation of the 1952 novel of the same name by Jim Thompson. The film is directed by Michael Winterbottom and stars Casey Affleck Kate Hudson and Jessica Alba. At its release it was criticised for its graphic depiction of violence directed toward women.
 Where the Truth Lies is a 2005 Canadian-British erotic thriller film written and directed by Atom Egoyan.
 Le Guérisseur (English: The Faith healer) is a French drama film from 1953 directed by Yves Ciampi written by Jacques-Laurent Bost starring Dieter Borsche and Jean Marais. The film was known under the title Der Arzt und das Mädchen (Austria/Germany) De wonderdokter (Belgium) Flickan och polisen (Sweden).
 La ragazzina (internationally released as Monika) is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Imperoli. It rapresents the film debut of the Italian sexy comedy icon Gloria Guida who later worked again with Imperioli in Blue Jeans.
 Young Sinners was a film released on May 17 1931 directed by John G. Blystone. The screenplay was initially written by Maurine Watkins though the script filmed was William Conselman's not Watkins'. (Watkin's script is in the archives of 20th Century Fox's produced scripts). Conselman scrapped her screenplay in favor of his own (adaptation continuity and dialog according to American Film Institute) based on the play Young Sinners by Elmer Harris (New York November 28 1929).
 Oru Kalluriyin Kathai (English: The story of a college) is a 2005 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer Nandha Periyasamy. It stars Arya and Sonia Agarwal in lead roles whilst Santhanam Mouli Charlie Charuhasan Raja and Nizhalgal Ravi play significant roles. The film released in late 2005 and was deemed a success upon release. The film was later dubbed into Telugu and released as College Days in 2008.
 Sell Out! is a 2008 comedy film set in Malaysia which premiered at the 65th Venice International Film Festival where it also won the Young Cinema Award for Alternative Vision. It was written edited and directed by Yeo Joon Han who is a graduate of the London Film Academy.Described as Malaysia’s first 'Manglish' (Malaysian-English) musical comedy it points fingers at various institutions and people in the country from bureaucrats and CEOs to artists and the media.
 Thazhvaram (English: The Valley) is a 1990 Indian Malayalam revenge-thriller film directed by Bharathan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair starring Mohanlal Salim Ghouse Anju Sumalatha and Sankaradi in the lead roles.
 Agaani is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Jatinga Ityadi (Assamese: জাতিঙ্গা ইত্যাদি) is an Assamese language film directed by Sanjib Sabhapandit. The film was screened in the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) 2007 in the Indian Panorama section. The film depicts the current scenario of militancy in Assam.
 Someone at the Door is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Aileen Marson Billie Martin Noah Beery John Irwin and Edward Chapman. A journalist comes up with a scheme to boost his career by inventing a fake murder but soon becomes embroiled in trouble when a real killing takes place. It is based on a play by Campbell Christie.
 Honeymoon in Bali is a 1939 American romantic comedy film. It is also known by the alternative title Husbands or Lovers and My Love For Yours. Virginia Van Upp's screenplay was based on the short stories Our Miss Keane by Grace Sartwell Mason in The Saturday Evening Post of 24 May 1923 and Free Woman by Katharine Brush in Redbook magazine from Nov-Dec 1936. In 1936 Paramount announced a film of Our Miss Keane to star Merle Oberon to be produced.
 Family of Spies also known as Family of Spies: The Walker Spy Ring is a 1990 TV movie based on the espionage of John A. Walker Jr.. The film was directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal and starred Powers Boothe as John Walker.
 Famine-33 (Ukrainian: Голод-33 Holod-33) is a 1991 film by Oles Yanchuk about the Holodomor famine in Ukraine and based on the novel The Yellow Prince by Vasyl Barka. The film is told through the lives of the Katrannyk family of six. It relies more on images than on words shot in black-and-white.In an early scene the members of an impoverished farming family solemnly take turns dipping their ladles into the single bowl of watery soup that is their only meal of the day.
 The Son of Kong is a 1933 American adventure film/monster movie produced by RKO Pictures. Directed by Ernest Schoedsack and featuring special effects by Buzz Gibson and Willis O'Brien the film starred Robert Armstrong Helen Mack and Frank Reicher. This film is the lesser known sequel to King Kong and was released just nine months after its predecessor.
 Moora Neya or the Message of the Spear is a 1911 Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 Isaac Newton S/O Philipose is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by V. Bosse starring Lal Nedumudi Venu Tini Tom and Abhinaya.
 Beyond Therapy is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Robert Altman based on the play of the same name by Christopher Durang.
 Sujatha is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Vasudevan starring Vijayan Shankar Saritha Sukumari Bhagyalakshmi Vanitha Major Sundarrajan and Raveendran.
 Weekend Wives is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Monty Banks Jameson Thomas and Estelle Brody. It was made at British International Pictures's Elstree Studios. One reviewer described it as being as beautifully photographed gowned and set as the average Paramount picture and as silly.
 The Snows of Kilimanjaro is a 1952 American Technicolor film based on the short story of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. The film version of the short story was directed by Henry King written by Casey Robinson and starred Gregory Peck as Harry Susan Hayward as Helen and Ava Gardner as Cynthia Green (a character invented for the film).
 Tam-Lin also known as The Ballad of Tam-Lin The Devil's Widow and The Devil's Woman is a 1970 British film made by Commonwealth United Entertainment Winkast Film Productions Ltd. and distributed by American International Pictures (AIP). It was directed by Roddy McDowall and produced by Alan Ladd Jr. and Stanley Mann from a screenplay by William Spier based on the traditional Scottish poem The Ballad of Tam Lin.
 The Wrong Mr. Perkins is a 1931 British short comedy film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Herbert Mundin John Stuart and Frederick Volpe. An impoverished man Jimmy Perkins is mistaken by a banker for a wealthy man with a similar name
 After Earth is a 2013 American science fiction action adventure film directed by M. Night Shyamalan which he co-wrote with Gary Whitta based on an original story idea by Will Smith.It is the second film (the first being The Pursuit of Happyness) that stars real-life father and son Will and Jaden Smith; with Will Smith also producing via his company Overbrook Entertainment and the distribution by Columbia Pictures.The film was released in IMAX on May 31 2013.
 Mullamottum Munthiricharum (Malayalam: മുല്ലമൊട്ടും മുന്തിരിച്ചാറും) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Aneesh Anwar starring Indrajith Meghana Raj and Ananya in lead roles. Mohan Sithara is the music director of the film.
 Scene of the Crime (French: Le Lieu du crime) is a 1986 French drama film directed by André Téchiné starring Catherine Deneuve Wadeck Stanczak and Danielle Darrieux. The film tells the story of a crumbling family in rural France disrupted by the appearance of a fugitive.
 Red Quay (赤い波止場 Akai hatoba) is a 1958 black-and-white action Japanese film directed by Toshio Masuda.Red Quay was one of the many successful collaborations between director Toshio Masuda and actor Yujiro Ishihara which defined the Nikkatsu action film genre.
 Naya Din Nai Raat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh.The film is famous as Sanjeev Kumar reprised the nine-role epic performance by Sivaji Ganesan in Navarathri (1964) which was also previously reprised by Akkineni Nageswara Rao in Navarathri (Telugu; 1966). This film had enhanced his status and reputation as an actor in Hindi cinema.
 Seven Dumpsters and a Corpse is a documentary film (2007) by Swiss journalist Thomas Haemmerli.
 Ankush is a 1986 Hindi movie written directed edited and co-produced by N. Chandra starring Nana Patekar. It is a story of four lower middle class unemployed young men in Mumbai (then Bombay) who feel disconnected with society and are wasting their life away when new neighbours a young beautiful girl Nita (Nisha Singh) and her grandmother change their perspective.
 The Red Man's View is a 1909 American Western film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film exist in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and the Library of Congress.
 The Runestone is a 1991 adventure/horror film the first film written and directed by Willard Carroll. The film is an updating of the Ragnarok legend with Fenrir being found in a runestone in Pennsylvania unearthed by archaeologists. The film is based upon the novel by Mark E. Rogers which has never been published.
 Huellas del pasado (Footprints of the House) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Scandalous Eva (German: Skandal um Eva) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
 Black Swarm is a 2008 Canadian suspense film directed by David Winning. Actor Robert Englund plays a mysterious beekeeper who has a secret to hide in the small town of Black Stone.
 Rynox is a 1932 British crime film directed by Michael Powell and starring Stewart Rome and John Longden. Rynox was adapted from a novel by popular thriller writer of the day Philip MacDonald. For many years Rynox was believed to be among the lost films of Powell's 1931–1936 quota quickie period; however an original print was found in 1990 in the vaults of Pinewood Studios and was subsequently transferred and restored by the BFI National Archive.
 Passenger to London is a 1937 British thriller film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring John Warwick Jenny Laird and Paul Neville.
 The Magic Box is a 1951 British Technicolor biographical drama film directed by John Boulting. The film stars Robert Donat as William Friese-Greene with a host of cameo appearances by such actors as Peter Ustinov and Laurence Olivier. It was produced by Ronald Neame and distributed by British Lion Film Corporation. The film was a project of the Festival of Britain and adapted by Eric Ambler from the controversial biography by Ray Allister.
 The Lost Squadron is a 1932 action film starring Richard Dix Mary Astor and Robert Armstrong with Erich von Stroheim and Joel McCrea and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film is about three World War I pilots who find jobs after the war as Hollywood stunt fliers. The much-later The Great Waldo Pepper (1975) employed a similar theme.The Lost Squadron was the first RKO production to carry the screen credit Executive Producer David O. Selznick.
 Mina Wind of Freedom (Spanish: Mina viento de libertad) is a 1975 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Eceiza. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mad Detective (Chinese: 神探) is a 2007 Hong Kong psychological thriller film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai.
 Tingu Rangadu (Telugu: టింగు రంగడు) is a 1982 Telugu film directed by Tatineni Prasad. The film stars Chiranjeevi Geetha Kongara Jaggayya Nutan Prasad and Shaukar Janaki.
 Big Timber is a 1917 American silent film Northwoods/drama produced by the Oliver Morosco Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by William Desmond Taylor and starred Kathlyn Williams and Wallace Reid. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 Jadup and Boel (German: Jadup und boel) is a 1980 East German drama film directed by Rainer Simon. It was entered into the 16th Moscow International Film Festival in 1989.
 Trouble with Sex is a 2005 Irish drama film set in Dublin and co-written and directed by Fintan Connolly. It stars Aidan Gillen and Renée Weldon who won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for her performance.
 Clannad (Japanese: クラナド Hepburn: Kuranado) is 2007 Japanese anime fantasy-drama film directed by Osamu Dezaki and based on the visual novel of the same name developed by Key. Toei Animation announced at the Tokyo Anime Fair on March 23 2006 that an animated film would be produced and was released in Japanese theaters on September 15 2007.
 Mamá cumple cien años is a 1979 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Carlos Saura. The film is a comedy sequel of the drama Ana and the Wolves directed by Saura in 1973. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards.
 Fearless is a 1993 American drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Jeff Bridges Isabella Rossellini Rosie Perez and John Turturro. It was written by Rafael Yglesias from his novel of the same name. It was shot entirely in California.[citation needed]Rosie Perez was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Carla Rodrigo. (She lost to Anna Paquin for The Piano.) The film was also entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Me and Her is a 2006 short film jointly commissioned by the UK Film Council Scottish Screen and Glasgow Media Access Centre. It is written and directed by Sarah Tripp and stars Karl Davies and Jo Hartley. The film follows the lives of two chambermaids working in an inner city hotel and was first screened at the Edinburgh Film Festival.
 El Cura gaucho is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Special People is a 2008 British film that was directed by Justin Edgar for 104 Films.
 Flight North (German: Flucht in den Norden Finnish: Pako pohjoiseen) is a 1986 German-Finnish drama film directed by Ingemo Engström. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rasen (らせん lit. Spiral) is a sequel to the movie Ring. It is directed by Jōji Iida and as with the first movie is based on the novel Spiral by Kōji Suzuki.Ring and its sequel Rasen were released in Japan at the same time. The studio hoped this would increase revenues because the Ring story was already a successful novel and television series.
 Ruslan and Ludmila (Russian: Руслан и Людмила) is a 1972 film directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. Based on the poem of the same name written by Alexander Pushkin in 1820.
 Kaagaz Ki Nao is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by B. R. Ishara.
 Valentine's Night is a 2012 Hindi-language romantic thriller film directed by Krishan Kumar and Baadal featuring Payal Rohatgi Sangram Singh Rahul Minz Neha Thakur in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Astitva-The Band.The film produced by Kirshan Kumar and Sanjeev Malhotra was released on February 10 2012.
 Land of Widows a 21-minute Indian documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava. The film focuses on the unsustainable working conditions of mine workers in the state of Rajasthan India. Set in the Bhilwara district of Rajasthan this film captures the exploitation the workers have to go through on a daily basis to work in illegal mines for a ‘dollar a day’.
 A Calamitous Elopement is a 1908 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Girl the Gold Watch and Dynamite is a 1981 made for television film starring Lee Purcell Philip MacHale Jack Elam Gary Lockwood and directed by Hy Averback. The film is a sequel to the 1980 television film The Girl the Gold Watch and Everything which was based on the John D. MacDonald novel of the same name.
 April Maze is a 1930 short animated cartoon featuring Felix the Cat.It was produced by Pat Sullivan.
 How to Make Love Like an Englishman is an upcoming comedy/romance film written by Matthew Newman and directed by Tom Vaughan of Extraordinary Measures fame. The film stars Pierce Brosnan Jessica Alba and Salma Hayek. The movie will be produced by Brosnan Remington Chase Grant Cramer Mark Fasano and Sriram Das.
 Diamonds of the Night (Czech: Démanty noci) is a Czech 1964 film about two boys on the run from a train taking them to a concentration camp. It was director Jan Němec's first full-length feature film.
 Still Crazy is a 1998 British comedy film about a fictional 1970s rock band named Strange Fruit who after being split up for two decades are persuaded to get back together to perform at a reunion of the same concert venue where they played their last gig. The film focuses on the personal lives of the band members and those closest to them and their individual experiences with approaching middle-age and the success that eluded them.It was nominated for two Golden Globes in 1999.
 Mean Dog Blues is a 1978 drama film directed by Mel Stuart. It stars Gregg Henry and Kay Lenz.
 Children of Darkness is a 1983 American documentary film produced by Ara Chekmayan and Richard Kotuk. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Ukraine in Flames (Russian: Битва за нашу Советскую Украину translit. Bitva za nashu Sovetskuyu Ukrainu lit. Battle for our Soviet Ukraine) is a 1943 Soviet documentary war film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko and Yuliya Solntseva. It is Dovzhenko's second World War II documentary and dealt with the Battle of Kharkov. The film incorporates German footage of the invasion of Ukraine which was later captured by the Soviets.
 George Lucas in Love is an independent live action parodical short film that started attracting notice in June 1999 when it was passed around Hollywood offices as a filmmaker's calling card. The film was directed by Joe Nussbaum a University of Southern California graduate.
 Sharpe's Revenge is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. The adaptation is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 In the Name of the Fatherland (Russian: Во имя Родины Vo imya Rodini) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitriy Vasilyev based on the play Russian People by Konstantin Simonov.
 The Incident (事件 Jiken) is a 1978 Japanese film directed by Yoshitaro Nomura. Among many awards it was chosen as the Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Devi is a 1970 film directed by Madhusudan Rao V..
 Rancid is a 2004 Swedish thriller film in English written by Jesper Ersgård and directed by Jack Ersgard.
 Rocky Mountain Express is a 45-minute IMAX film released in the fall of 2011. Directed by Canadian filmmaker Stephen Low it features the Canadian Pacific Railway’s restored 4-6-4 H1b Hudson steam locomotive 2816. Shooting began in 2006 and continued intermittently over the next five years primarily on the main line between Calgary and Vancouver with the cooperation of the CPR.
 Feet of Clay is a 1960 British crime film directed by Frank Marshall written by Mark Grantham and starring Vincent Ball Wendy Williams and Hilda Fenemore. A newly barred lawyer represents a confessed murderer of a beloved probation officer but all is not as it seems.
 Old School is a 2003 American comedy film released by DreamWorks Pictures and The Montecito Picture Company and directed by Todd Phillips. The story was written by Court Crandall and the film was written by Phillips and Scot Armstrong. The film stars Luke Wilson Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell as three depressed thirty-somethings who seek to re-live their college days by starting a fraternity and the tribulations they encounter in doing so.
 The Farmer's Daughter is a 1947 movie that tells the story of a farmgirl who ends up working as a maid for a Congressman and his politically powerful mother. It stars Loretta Young Joseph Cotten Ethel Barrymore and Charles Bickford and was adapted by Allen Rivkin and Laura Kerr from the play Juurakon Hulda by Hella Wuolijoki using the pen name Juhani Tervapää. It was directed by H.C.
 Ganayogi Panchakshari Gavayi is 1995 a musical film directed by Chindodi Bangaresh with the blessings of shri Puttaraja Gawai. The film starred Girish Karnad and Lokesh as Ganayogi Panchakshari Gawai. It was based on the real life of Shri Panchakshari Gawai who was born blind but made a great difference to the life of many blind people in Indian society.The music was scored by Hamsalekha who won the National Award for Best Music Direction for the movie.S. P.
 So This Is London is a 1930 American comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Will Rogers Irene Rich Frank Albertson and Lumsden Hare. It was based on the 1922 play So This Is London by Arthur Goodrich which was adapted again in 1939. An American and an Englishman clash over which country is the greater while their children have a secret love affair. The plot was relatively similar to They Had to See Paris a previous film starring Rogers.
 Pilnyeo is a South Korean melodrama film directed by Jeong So-yeong in 1970.
 Full Disclosure is a 2005 short film about a man who decides to try dating with a policy of Full Disclosure revealing all his faults big and small to people he dates on the first date.
 Le Jouet criminel (English: The criminal toy) is a French short crime film from 1969. It was directed and written by Adolfo Arrieta starring Jean Marais and Michèle Moretti.
 Jaago (English: Please Wake Up) is a 2004 Bollywood crime drama film. It stars Sanjay Kapoor Raveena Tandon Manoj Bajpai and Hansika Motwani. The film is based on a true incident from August 2002 in which a mentally challenged 10-year-old girl was raped on her local commuting train. The plot deals with the rape and death of a ten-year-old schoolgirl and the dramatic quest for justice by a lone but determined police inspector.
 Sooper Se Ooper is a 2013 Hindi film written & directed by Shekhar Ghosh under the banner of Reliance Entertainment and Jigsaw Entertainment. The trailer of this movie was released on September 27 and the movie on October 25. The movie was a total Washout.
 The Living Sea is a 70mm American documentary film exploring marine locales intended to show the importance of protecting the ocean released to IMAX theaters in 1995. It is narrated by actress Meryl Streep with music by Sting produced by Science World a Vancouver based science education centre and underwater imagery directed by filmmaker Greg MacGillivray.
 Færgekroen is a 1956 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
 River of Darkness is an American horror film by director Bruce Koehler. The film features professional wrestling stars Kurt Angle Kevin Nash and Sid Eudy (credited as Psycho Sid Vicious on the cover art) as well as Ray Lloyd in a minor role.
 He-Man & She-Ra: A Christmas Special is a Christmas television special based on the animated series He-Man and the Masters of the Universe and its spin-off She-Ra: Princess of Power originally broadcast in December 1985. Although that date marked its only broadcast on television (save for some markets that aired it again for the next few years) it was later released on VHS and more recently BCI Eclipse released it on DVD on December 6 2005.
 For the 1931 UK film see Alibi (1931 film).Alibi is a 1929 American crime film directed by Roland West. The screenplay was written by West and C. Gardner Sullivan who adapted the 1927 Broadway stage play Nightstick written by Elaine Sterne Carrington J.C. Nugent Elliott Nugent and John Wray.Alternate titles for the film include The Perfect Alibi and Nightstick.The movie is a crime melodrama starring Chester Morris Harry Stubbs Mae Busch and Eleanore Griffith.
 Bolt is a 2008 American computer-animated adventure/action comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios released by Walt Disney Pictures and the studio's 48th animated feature. It is the first film directed by Chris Williams (who previously worked on Mulan and The Emperor's New Groove) and Byron Howard (who previously worked on Lilo & Stitch and Brother Bear).
 Children Galore is a 1955 comedy film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Eddie Byrne and June Thorburn.
 Blind Justice is a drama television film starring Tim Matheson Mimi Kuzyk and Philip Charles MacKenzie. It was directed by Rod Holcomb and written by Josephine Cummings and Richard Yalem. The film first aired on March 9 1986 on the Columbia Broadcasting System.The film is based on a true story.
 Identification Marks: None (Polish: Rysopis) is a 1964 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. It was the first feature film directed by Skolimowski after the shorts Erotique Little Hamlet The Menacing Eye Boxing and Your Money or Your Life.
 The Naked Heart (French title: Maria Chapdelaine) is a 1950 French language motion picture melodrama directed by Marc Allégret based on the novel Maria Chapdelaine by Louis Hémon. The film stars Michèle Morgan Kieron Moore and Françoise Rosay.It tells the story of a convent girl in a remote Northern Canadian village at the beginning of the 20th century.
 Wheat (simplified Chinese: 麦田; traditional Chinese: 麥田; pinyin: Mài Tián) is a 2009 Chinese historical drama film directed by He Ping starring Fan Bingbing Wang Jue Du Jiayi Wang Xueqi and Wang Zhiwen. The film tells the story of women left behind when their husbands went to war.The film was produced for US$6 million and was funded by He Ping's own Beijing Classic Culture along with Polybona Films and the state-backed Xi'an Film Studio.
 Ehe im Schatten (Marriage in the Shadows) is an East German film melodrama directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was released in 1947 by DEFA. The film was described as an attempt to confront the German people about the morals of the past being the first film to confront the people about the persecution of the Jews and the atrocities conducted during World War II.
 Friends is a 2001 Tamil comedy film directed by Siddique and produced by Appachan. The film featured Vijay Suriya and Ramesh Khanna in the title roles while Devayani Abhinyashree Vijayalakshmi Sriman and Vadivelu amongst others play supporting roles. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja while Anandakuttan handled cinematography. The film is a remake of the Siddique's own Malayalam film by the same name with actors Mukesh Sreenivasan and Jayaram.
 Bobby is a 2002 Telugu film produced by K. Krishna Mohan Rao(brother of K. Raghavendra Rao and directed by Sobhan. The movie stars Mahesh Babu Aarthi Agarwal Raghuvaran Ravi Babu Brahmanandam Meher Ramesh and Prakash Raj. Soundtrack of the movie was scored by Mani Sharma. The film released on 31 October 2002 and was a critical and commercial failure.Bobby was dubbed in Hindi as Daag - The Burning Fire. Shobu Yarlagadda of Arka Media Works was Executive producer for the movie
 Anna-Liisa is a 1922 Finnish film directed by Teuvo Puro and Jussi Snellman.
 1895 or Blue Brave: The Legend of Formosa 1895 (Chinese: 1895乙未) is a Taiwanese Hakka film based on the Japanese Invasion of Taiwan in 1895 with emphasis on the Hakka fighters and their families in the conflict. The film has a limited budget of 60 000 000 TWD (approximately 2 000 000 USD) with roughly half of it provided by the Council for Hakka Affairs of the Executive Yuan. The film was released on November 7 2008.
 Power 98 is a 1996 low-budget thriller film written and directed by Jaime Hellman.
 Nippu (Fire) is a 2012 Telugu-language film directed by Gunasekhar starring Ravi Teja and Deeksha Seth in the lead. The music is scored by S. Thaman. Produced by director YVS Chowdary on his home banner Bommarillu and directed by Gunasekhar; the film received negative reviews. It was later dubbed in Hindi as Main Insaaf Karoonga and in Tamil as Rowdy Raja. The film was a commercial failure at box office.
 Carnival of Souls (also billed as Wes Craven Presents 'Carnival of Souls') is a 1998 horror film a remake of Herk Harvey's 1962 horror film of the same name although it has very little in common with the story of the original. It stars Bobbie Phillips and comedian Larry Miller and was directed by Adam Grossman and Ian Kessner. It was executive produced by Wes Craven. The tagline for the film was: Enter at your own risk! Enter if you dare.
 Mulholland Drive is a 2001 American neo-noir film written and directed by David Lynch and starring Naomi Watts Laura Harring and Justin Theroux. It tells the story of an aspiring actress named Betty Elms (Watts) newly arrived in Los Angeles California who meets and befriends an amnesiac woman (Harring) hiding in an apartment that belongs to Elms's aunt.
 Shirayuki-sensei to kodomo-tachi (白雪先生と子供たち) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Ren Yoshimura (吉村廉).
 The Shadow King is an upcoming film written and directed by Henry Selick. Initially The Walt Disney Company made plans to release the project but eventually backed out of the deal after spending a reported $50 million on it leaving Selick to proceed without Disney but with a plot and voice cast.
 Charlie Wilson's War is a 2007 American biographical-drama film recounting the true story of U.S. Congressman Charlie Wilson who partnered with CIA operative Gust Avrakotos to launch Operation Cyclone a program to organize and support the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet war in Afghanistan.The film was directed by Mike Nichols and written by Aaron Sorkin who adapted George Crile III's 2003 book Charlie Wilson's War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History.
 Parthan Kanda Paralokam is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Anil starring Jayaram Mukesh and Sree Devika in the lead roles.
 The Man With One Red Shoe is a 1985 comedy film directed by Stan Dragoti and starring Tom Hanks and Dabney Coleman. It is a remake of a 1972 French film Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire starring Pierre Richard and Mireille Darc.
 The Cars That Ate Paris is a 1974 Australian horror comedy film. Directed by Peter Weir it was his first feature film. Shot mostly in the rural town of Sofala New South Wales the film is set in the fictional town of Paris in which most of the inhabitants appear to be directly or indirectly involved in profiting from the results of car accidents.
 The Mini-Skirt Mob is a 1968 action film about a female motorcycle gang. The film was directed by Maury Dexter and stars Diane McBain Jeremy Slate Sherry Jackson Patty McCormack Harry Dean Stanton Diane McBain and Sandra Marshall.
 Saving Santa is a 2013 computer-animated comedy film created and written by Tony Nottage and directed by Leon Joosen.
 Prem Poojari (Malayalam : പ്രേം പൂജാരി) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan starring Kunchacko Boban Shalini and Vineeth. Mammootty has a cameo role in the film.
 Nyayam Kaavali (Telugu: న్యాయం కావాలి) is a 1981 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. It is based on the novel by D. Rameswari entitled Kotta Malupu. The film stars Chiranjeevi Radhika Sarathkumar Kongara Jaggayya and Sharada in important roles. It is remade into Hindi as Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye in 1983 and in Tamil as Vidhi in 1984.
 Cleaning Up is a 1925 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 't Was één April is a 1936 Dutch film directed by Douglas Sirk and Jacques van Tol. It is a lost film.
 Kiss Daddy Goodnight is a 1987 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Peter Ily Huemer. It stars Uma Thurman in her film debut and Steve Buscemi in a small role.
 El Paseo is a 2010 Colombian comedy film directed by Harold Trompetero and starring Antonio Sanint and Carolina Gómez. The official Colombian release was on December 25 2010.
 The Angelus is a 1937 British crime film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Anthony Bushell Nancy O'Neil and Garry Marsh. A Nun leaves her convent to hunt down a murderer.
 Night of the Scarecrow is a 1995 American horror film directed by Jeff Burr.
 The Policeman is the international release title of a 1971 Israeli feature film written and directed by satirist Ephraim Kishon. Its Hebrew title is HaShoter Azoulay (השוטר אזולאי; The Policeman Azoulay). The title character is played by Shaike Ophir (credited as Shay K. Ophir) in what is considered one of his finest performances.The film was nominated for the 1972 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and won the Golden Globe in the same category.
 Grosse Fatigue is a 1994 French comedy film directed by Michel Blanc. It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Daphnis and Chloe (Greek: Δάφνις και Χλόη) is a 1931 Greek romance film written and directed by Orestis Laskos based on the namesake novel of the 2nd-century writer Longus. It was the first European film containing nude scenes.
 Tom & Jerry is 1995 Malayalam comedy film.
 Fully Flared is a street skateboarding video by the Lakai footwear company featuring video parts from its team riders. The film is directed by Ty Evans Spike Jonze and Cory Weincheque. In 2007 it won Best Video of the Year at the Transworld Skateboarding Awards while Guy Mariano won both the Best Street and Best Video Part awards at the same event.
 Sonia Nuvu Na Prema is a Telugu film directed by Prasad.
 The Avalanche (1919) is an American silent film about gambling directed by George Fitzmaurice who also served as the film's art director. William Scully was the assistant director to Fitzmaurice. The film stars Elsie Ferguson and Warner Oland. This is the first film that teamed director Fitzmaurice and star Ferguson. Ferguson's gowns were by the designer 'Callot'. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Babilonia is a 1987 Argentine drama film directed and written by Jorge Salvador based on a play by Armando Discépolo.
 Norwood is a 1970 film that reunites True Grit co-stars Glen Campbell and Kim Darby also featuring Joe Namath. It was based on the book of the same title written by Charles Portis (who also wrote True Grit) but updated from the original 1950s setting to 1970.The film marked the next-to-last screen appearance of actor Jack Haley.As of 2013 there has yet to be a DVD or Blu-ray release though Norwood is sometimes available to stream on Netflix in America.
 Jack Brown Genius is a New Zealand romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Tony Hiles produced by Peter Jackson and written by both with Jackson's wife Fran Walsh. Actor Tim Balme who had earlier starred in Jackson's movie Braindead plays the title role.
 The Condemned of Altona (Italian: I sequestrati di Altona) is a 1962 Italian-French drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica. It is based on the play of the same name by Jean-Paul Sartre. For this film Vittorio De Sica won the David di Donatello for Best Director.
 Mystery of Snow (Hlyo-hwat-thaw-hnin;Burmese: လျှို့ဝှက်သောနှင်း) is a 2005 Burmese musical adventure drama film directed by Sin Yaw Mg Mg. The film picked up seven national awards including Best Film Best Director Best Supporting Actor Best Scriptwriter Best Cinematography Best Film Editing and Best Sound
 Kanaka Chilanga is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966. It is an adaptation of Bollywood movie Kismet Starring Ashok Kumar and Mumtaz Shanti
 Not Easily Broken is an 2009 drama film directed by Bill Duke. The film is written by Brian Bird based on T. D. Jakes' 2006 novel of the same name.
 The Castaway Cowboy is a 1974 adventure film released by Walt Disney Productions starring James Garner Vera Miles Eric Shea and Robert Culp about a Texas rancher who gets shanghaied then jumps ship and finds himself washed ashore in Hawaii. Filmed on location in Hawaii the movie was directed by Vincent McEveety and written by Don Tait and Richard M. Bluel.
 Hintertreppe (German: Backstairs) was a 1921 silent film. This was the first movie by German director Leopold Jessner in cooperation with Paul Leni. The film was later criticized for overemphatic acting and contrived poses. Hintertreppe was a precursor of the 1920s German kammerspielfilm style.
 Howl's Moving Castle (ハウルの動く城 Hauru no Ugoku Shiro) is a 2004 Japanese animated fantasy film scripted and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. The film is based on the novel of the same name by English writer Diana Wynne Jones. The film was produced by Toshio Suzuki animated by Studio Ghibli and distributed by Toho.
 Sweet Bird of Youth is a 1962 film starring Paul Newman Geraldine Page Shirley Knight Madeleine Sherwood Ed Begley Rip Torn and Mildred Dunnock. Based on the play by Tennessee Williams it focusses on the relationship between a drifter and a faded movie star.
 Song of the Plough is a 1933 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Stewart Rome Rosalinde Fuller and Allan Jeayes. An English farmer is saved from financial ruin when his dog wins at a sheepdog trials. It was later re-released with the alternative title Country Fair.The film was a quota quickie made for distribution by the American company MGM. It was filmed at Shepperton Studios with location shooting on a Sussex farm. It received a poor review from The Observer critic C. A.
 Kalinga Putra (Oriya: କଳିଂଗ ପୁତ୍ର; English: Son of Soil) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Barada Prasana Tripathy. The film is about an honest police officer for whom duty is God. Akash Dasnayak is playing his debutant role as Kalinga Putra along with Rali Nanda as heroine.
 El Año de la Peste (English: The year of the plague) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as drama thriller and Sci-Fi. It was filmed in 1978 and released in 1979. The production counted with the famous Colombian writer Gabriel García Márquez for the adapted screenplay from the novel of Daniel Defoe A Journal of the Plague Year published in March 1722.
 Secrecy is a 2008 documentary film directed by Harvard University professors Peter Galison and Robb Moss. According to its website it is a film about the vast invisible world of government secrecy and features interviews with a variety of people on all sides of the secrecy issue including Steven Aftergood (of Federation of American Scientists) Tom Blanton (of the National Security Archive) James B.
 The Freshman is a 1990 American crime comedy film starring Marlon Brando and Matthew Broderick in which Brando parodies his portrayal of Vito Corleone in The Godfather. It is written and directed by Andrew Bergman. The plot revolves around a young New York film student's entanglement into an illicit business of offering exotic and endangered animals as specialty food items including his being tasked with delivering a Komodo Dragon for this purpose.
 Out on a Limb is a 1992 comedy film written by Joshua and Daniel Goldin and directed by Francis Veber. It stars Matthew Broderick Jeffrey Jones Heidi Kling Courtney Peldon Michael Monks and John C. Reilly.The film was released by Universal Pictures on September 4 1992. This was the first movie that Broderick and Jones starred in together since Ferris Bueller's Day Off was released six years earlier.
 Afternoon of the Bulls (Spanish: Tarde de toros) is a 1956 Spanish drama film directed by Ladislao Vajda. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards.
 For the 1990 film see King of New YorkA King in New York is a 1957 British comedy film directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin in his last leading role which co-stars among others his young son Michael. The film presents a satirical view of the McCarthy communist-hunt era and certain other aspects of United States politics and society. The film which was produced in Europe after Chaplin's exile from the U.S. in 1952 did not open in the United States until 1973.
 Onna no Koyomi (女の暦) is a 1954 Japanese film directed by Seiji Hisamatsu. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Collaborator is a comedy-drama film written and directed by Martin Donovan. This film held its world premiere on July 4 2011 at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
 Carts of Darkness is a 2008 National Film Board of Canada documentary film by Murray Siple about a group of homeless men in the city of North Vancouver who use shopping carts to collect bottles and cans to return for money and also race down the city's steep slope for thrills.The subjects in the film control the carts using only their weight and one foot during descents that cross intersections with top speeds claimed to be as high as 70 km/h.Siple a former director of extreme sports videos and an avid skateboarder and snowboarder became a quadriplegic after a car accident in 1996. 
 Nine Lives is a 2005 American drama film written and directed by Rodrigo García. The screenplay an example of hyperlink cinema relates nine short loosely intertwined tales with nine different women at their cores. Their themes include parent-child relationships fractured love adultery illness and death.
 Red Ensign (1934) is an early work by noted British filmmaker Michael Powell.
 The Little Prince is an upcoming 3D computer animated fantasy film based on the 1943 novella The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. The film is directed by Mark Osborne and the script is written by Irena Brignull. The film stars Marion Cotillard James Franco Rachel McAdams and Jeff Bridges. The film will be released on 7 October 2015.
 In a Savage Land is a 1999 Australian film set in New Guinea just prior to and during World War Two.It was shot over six weeks in New Guinea and two weeks in Adelaide.
 Annie Oakley is a 1935 American biographical film directed by George Stevens and starring Barbara Stanwyck Preston Foster Melvyn Douglas and Moroni Olsen. The film is based on the life of Annie Oakley.
 Party Line is a 1988 independent slasher film directed by William Webb. The film focuses on a rich female operator of a party line who lures men to her home through her phone sex hotline so her disturbed brother (Leif Garrett) can slit their throats with a straight razor. Richard Hatch is the detective investigating the deaths with Richard Roundtree playing his captain.
 The Road to Hong Kong is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Norman Panama and starring Bing Crosby Bob Hope as well as Joan Collins with a cameo featuring Dorothy Lamour. This was the last in the long-running Road to … series and the only one not produced by Paramount Pictures though references to the others in the series are made in the film and shown in Maurice Binder's opening title sequence.
 For Those in Peril is a 1944 British war film produced by Ealing Studios. The film marked the directorial debut of Charles Crichton and its basic and relatively slight storyline was an end to produce a film with a documentary feel and an element of wartime propaganda. For Those in Peril was developed from a short story by Richard Hillary an RAF pilot killed in action in January 1943.
 Ninnindale is an Indian Kannada film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee a popular Tollywood film director making his debut in Kannada cinema. The film stars Puneeth Rajkumar and Erica Fernandes in the lead roles.The film is produced by Vijay. Kirgandur under the banner of Hombale Films. The soundtrack and original score is composed by Mani Sharma and the cinematography is by P.G.Vindha.
 Yaadgar is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao starring Kamal Haasan Poonam Dhillon and Sanjeev Kumar.
 The Devil and Daniel Mouse is a 1978 animated Halloween television special from Canada's Nelvana animation studio. It is based on the story of The Devil and Daniel Webster.The Nelvana logo made its first appearance at the end of the film.
 Fanchon the Cricket is a 1915 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a novel La Petite Fadette by George Sand. It was directed by James Kirkwood and stars Mary Pickford now working for Adolph Zukor and Daniel Frohman.
 Whisky Romeo Zulu is a 2004 Argentine drama film directed by Enrique Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Emiliano Torres.
 Silent Night Deadly Night 4: Initiation is a 1990 American horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and was written by Brian Yuzna Woody Keith and Arthur Gorson. The film stars Clint Howard Neith Hunter Tommy Hinkley Reggie Banister Allyce Beasley and Maud Adams. The film is the third sequel to the controversial Silent Night Deadly Night (1984) but bears little resemblance to its predecessors since it drops the killer Santa theme completely. It is followed by The Toy Maker (1991).
 Legend is a 2014 Telugu film directed by Boyapati Srinu and produced by Ram AchantaGopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara under 14 Reels Entertainment and Sai Korrapati will be presenting the film on Vaarahi Chalana Chitram. It stars Nandamuri Balakrishna working for the second time with Boyapati Srinu after Simha alongside Radhika Apte Sonal Chauhan and Jagapathi Babu. Devi Sri Prasad composed the music and Ram Prasad handled the cinematography.
 The Higher Law is a 1911 American silent short film drama directed by George Nichols. The film starred William Garwood and James Cruze.
 About Face is a 1952 film directed by Roy Del Ruth. It stars Gordon MacRae and Eddie Bracken.
 Coração do Brasil is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Daniel Solá Santiago and released on April 19 2013.The film takes place fifty years after the shipment of the Villas-Bôas brothers to demarcate the geographical center of Brazil three participants of this journey retake the same path revisiting villages reuniting characters and noting the dramatic evolution of Indigenous status over the years.
 Mugabe's Zimbabwe (2010) is a factual film directed by Shrenik Rao.
 The Spitfire Grill is a 1996 American motion picture that tells a story of a woman who was just released from prison and goes to work in a small-town café known as The Spitfire Grill. A central theme is redemption.The film was written and directed by Lee David Zlotoff and stars Alison Elliott Ellen Burstyn Marcia Gay Harden Will Patton Kieran Mulroney and Gailard Sartain.
 Emergency Landing (Norwegian: Nødlanding) is a 1952 Norwegian war film directed by Arne Skouen. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Madame Racketeer is a 1932 film featuring Alison Skipworth Richard Bennett and George Raft. The movie was directed by Harry Wagstaff Gribble and Alexander Hall.
 Familiar Grounds (French: En terrains connus) is a 2011 Canadian drama film directed by Stéphane Lafleur.
 Naach Uthe Sansaar is a 1976 Bollywood romance film directed by Yakub Hasan Rizvi.
 Murai Maman is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by newcomer Sundar C.. The film features Jayaram and Kushboo in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 19 May 1995.
 Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Steve Martin Michael Caine and Glenne Headly. The screenplay was written by Dale Launer Stanley Shapiro and Paul Henning.It is the story of two men competing to swindle an American heiress out of $50000. Caine plays the suave con man Lawrence Jamieson who believes in conning corrupt rich people out of their money so he can spend it on culture and a lavish lifestyle.
 No Escape is a 1953 American film noir directed by Charles Bennett featuring Lew Ayres Sonny Tufts and Marjorie Steele.
 In Time (previously titled Now and I'm.mortal) is a 2011 American dystopian science fiction action thriller film written directed and produced by Andrew Niccol and starring Amanda Seyfried and Justin Timberlake. The film was released on October 28 2011.
 Hard Core Logo is a 1996 Canadian mockumentary adapted by Noel Baker from the novel of the same name by author Michael Turner. Director Bruce McDonald illustrates the self-destruction of punk rock. Released in 1996 the film documents a once-popular punk band Hard Core Logo which is composed of lead singer Joe Dick (Hugh Dillon) fame-tempted guitarist Billy Tallent (Callum Keith Rennie) schizophrenic bass player John Oxenberger (John Pyper-Ferguson) and drummer Pipefitter (Bernie Coulson).
 Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye released in India on 17 November 2000 is an Indian movie of romantic comedy genre. Bollywood remake of the Hollywood movie The Wedding Singer. It stars Salman Khan and Rani Mukerji.
 Les Enfants Terribles (The terrible children) is a 1950 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville and based on Jean Cocteau's novel of the same name. The first feature film of Melville Le Silence de la Mer (1949) attracted the attention of Jean Cocteau who commissioned him to direct the film version of Les Enfants Terribles.
 Hearth Fires (French: Les Feux de la Chandeleur) is a 1972 French film directed by Serge Korber. The film is also known as La Divorziata (Italy).
 Mazha (Malayalam: മഴ English: The Rain) is a 2000 Malayalam film directed by Lenin Rajendran starring Biju Menon Samyuktha Varma and Lal. The film is based on the novel Nashtappetta Neelambari by Malayalam novelist Madhavikkutty.
 Only the Brave is a 1930 American Civil War drama film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Gary Cooper Mary Brian and Phillips Holmes. Written by Agnes Brand Leahy Edward E. Paramore Jr. Keene Thompson and Richard H. Digges Jr. the film is about a Union Army captain who travels into Confederate territory as a spy with false dispatches hoping to mislead the Confederate forces. His mission is complicated when he falls in love with a southern woman who comes to his aid.
 The Haunted Hat is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Latitude 55° is a 1982 Canadian drama/adventure film.
 Wedding in Galilee (also known as Arabic عرس الجليل trasliteration Urs al-Jalil) is a 1987 film directed by Michel Khleifi. It was awarded the International Critics Prize at Cannes in 1987.
 Fatal Contact (Chinese: 黑拳) is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film written produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Wu Jing Ronald Cheng Miki Yeung Theresa Fu Cheung Siu-fai Ken Lo Andy On Lam Suet and Timmy Hung. Wu Jing played Kong Ko who is trained with the fighting techniques of Sanshou martial arts and lured into the world of illegal martial arts fighting.
 Jamaica Inn is a 1939 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock adapted from Daphne du Maurier's 1936 novel of the same name the first of three of du Maurier's works that Hitchcock adapted (the others were her novel Rebecca and short story The Birds). It stars Charles Laughton and Maureen O'Hara.
 Come Clean is a 1931 short film starring Laurel and Hardy directed by James W. Horne and produced by Hal Roach.
 Woh Chokri (1994) (English: That Girl; Hindi: वो छोकरी) is an Indian movie directed by Subhankar Ghosh and stars Pallavi Joshi Neena Gupta Paresh Rawal and Om Puri. Film won 3 National Film Awards. Pallavi Joshi won National Film Award – Special Jury Award whereas Paresh Rawal won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor and Neena Gupta that of the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress for this movie.
 I've Heard the Mermaids Singing is a 1987 theatrical-release feature film directed by Patricia Rozema. The title is taken from The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock by T. S. Eliot.
 Pride of the Bowery is a black-and-white 1940 film and the fourth installment in the East Side Kids series. It was directed by Joseph H. Lewis and produced by Sam Katzman. It was released by Monogram Pictures on December 15 1940.
 La vida difícil de una mujer fácil (The Difficult Life of an Easy Woman) is a 1977 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Joker is a 2000 Malayalam film directed by Lohithadas starring Dileep Manya and Nishanth Sagar in the lead roles. This was the last film of the Great Actor Bahadoor.
 Getawarayo is a 1964 Sri Lankan drama film starring Gamini Fonseka.The movie won the Best Director and Best Film awards at the 1965 Sarasaviya Film Festival.
 Alles is Liefde (English: Love is All) is a 2007 Dutch romantic comedy film directed by Joram Lürsen and starring Carice van Houten Paul de Leeuw Wendy van Dijk and Daan Schuurmans.
 The Other Woman is a 1954 film noir written directed and produced by Hugo Haas. Haas Cleo Moore and John Qualen starred in the film.
 The Porcelain Doll (Hungarian: A porcelánbaba) is a 2005 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Gárdos. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Great Gatsby (1949) is a feature film released by Paramount Pictures directed by Elliott Nugent and produced by Richard Maibaum from a screenplay by Richard Maibaum and Cyril Hume based on the novel of the same title by F. Scott Fitzgerald and the play by Owen Davis. The music score was by Robert Emmett Dolan and the cinematography by John F. Seitz.
 Bad Company is a 1925 drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith and written by John C. Brownell. It stars Madge Kennedy and Bigelow Cooper.
 Cautiva en la selva is a 1969 Argentine film.
 Creo en Dios (I Believe in God) is a 1941 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Ghostbusters is a 1984 American supernatural comedy film directed and produced by Ivan Reitman and written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis. It stars Bill Murray Aykroyd and Ramis as three eccentric parapsychologists in New York City who start a ghost-catching business. Sigourney Weaver and Rick Moranis co-star as a potential client and her neighbor.
 Xala (pronounced [ˈxala] Wolof for temporary sexual impotence) is a 1975 Senegalese film directed by Ousmane Sembène. It is an adaptation of Sembène's 1973 novel of the same name. The film depicts El Hadji a businessman in Senegal who is cursed with crippling erectile dysfunction upon the day of his marriage to his third wife. The film satirizes the corruption in African post-independence governments; El Hadji's impotence symbolizes the failure of such governments to be useful at all.
 Under Proof is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Roland Gillett and starring Betty Stockfeld Tyrell Davis and Judy Kelly. A man is threatened into joining a gang of smugglers.
 Biohazard 4D-Executer is a Japanese computer-animated 3D horror film based on the Resident Evil series of survival horror video games. It was created by Capcom in cooperation with Visual Science Laboratory and distributed by Digital Amuse. Biohazard 4D-Executer was directed by Koichi Ohata and written by Daisuke Okamoto who was supervised by the game series developers.
 Scratch is a documentary film directed and edited by Doug Pray. The film explores the world of the hip-hop DJ. From the birth of hip-hop when pioneering DJ's began extending breaks on their party records (which helped inspire break dancing and rap) to the invention of scratching and beat-juggling vinyl to its more recent explosion as a musical movement called turntablism. The documentary opens with Grand Wizard Theodore (New York) telling the story of how he first introduced scratching.
 Dead Letters is a 2007 independent feature film written and directed by Garrett Clancy executive produced by Paul Hellweg produced by Josephina Sykes and co-produced by Brad Sykes. It stars C. Thomas Howell Geoffrey Lewis Kim Darby Joe Unger and Duane Whitaker. It was originally entitled Cold Ones and was retitled by Distributor Leo Films for its 2009 DVD release. It won Honorable Mention in the feature film category at the 2007 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival.
 Julai (alternative spelling: Julayi) is a 2012 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The film stars Allu Arjun Ileana D'Cruz and Rajendra Prasad in lead roles. The film was produced by S. Radha Krishna under Haarika & Hassine Creations banner and was presented by D.V.V. Danayya. The soundtrack was composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The film was released worldwide on over 1600 screens on 9 August 2012.
 The Adventures of Quentin Durward known also as Quentin Durward is a 1955 historical film released by MGM. It was directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Pandro S. Berman. The screenplay was by Robert Ardrey adapted by George Froeschel from the novel Quentin Durward by Sir Walter Scott.The film was the third in an unofficial trilogy made by the same director and producer and starring Robert Taylor. The first two were Ivanhoe (1952) and Knights of the Round Table (1953).
 Buckshot John is a 1915 American Western film directed by and starring Hobart Bosworth. Prints of the film survive in the Library of Congress film archive.
 Wrong Side Up (Czech: Příběhy obyčejného šílenství) is a 2005 Czech comedy-drama film written and directed by Petr Zelenka. It is an adaptation of Zelenka's play Tales of Common Insanity. It is a tale of people showing their internal loneliness by their choices in life. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Partners Please is a 1932 British film about an aristocrat who becomes a gigolo.
 Death Is Called Engelchen (Czech: Smrt si říká Engelchen) is a 1963 Czechoslovak war film directed by Ján Kadár and Elmar Klos. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Prize.
 Soylent Green is a 1973 American science fiction film directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Charlton Heston Leigh Taylor-Young and in his final film Edward G. Robinson. The film combines the police procedural and science fiction genres depicting the investigation into the murder of a wealthy businessman in a dystopian future suffering from pollution overpopulation depleted resources poverty dying oceans and a hot climate due to the greenhouse effect.
 Ghost in the Machine (also known as Deadly Terror) is a 1993 American horror/science fiction film directed by Rachel Talalay and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Puthiya Sagaptham (English: New Era) is a 1985 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Visu. The film features Vijayakanth Ambika and Visu in lead roles. The film produced by K. Gopinathan had musical score by Gangai Amaran and was released on 1 January 1985.
 Middle Kingdom's Mark of Blood also known as Red Dot Chivalry is a 1980 film adapted from Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series.
 A Step into the Darkness (Turkish: Büyük Oyun) is a 2009 Turkish drama film directed by Atil Inac starring Suzan Genç as an Iraqi refugee who travels to Turkey in search of her missing brother after losing her entire family when soldiers raid their village. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on September 17 2010 (2010-09-17) has won awards at international film festivals in Ankara Antalya and Tiburon.
 Quiet Killer is a 1992 made-for-TV medical disaster film directed by Sheldon Larry. The thriller based on the 1977 novel The Black Death by Gwyneth Cravens and John S. Marr and adapted by I. C. Rapoport stars Kate Jackson and was originally broadcast on CBS. The film was released on VHS under the title Black Death.
 Acrobacias del corazón (English language: Acrobatics of the Heart) is a 2000 Argentine romantic drama film directed written by and starring María Teresa Constantini. Gabriel Goity and Virginia Innocenti also star.
 Operation Concrete (French: Opération béton) (1955) is a documentary made by French filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard preceding his work in narrative fiction film.
 Insônia is a 2012 Brazilian romantic comedy film directed by Beto Souza based on the book of the same name by Marcelo Carneiro da Cunha.The film was shot in 2007 and was only completed in 2012 premiered at the Festival de Gramado. The film was released theatrically in Brazil in 2014.
 Love and Human Remains is a 1993 Canadian film directed by Denys Arcand and based on Brad Fraser's stage play Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love. Fraser also wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation.
 Prey is a 2009 Australian supernatural horror film directed by George T. Miller written by Miller and John V. Soto and starring former Neighbours actress and Rogue Traders lead singer Natalie Bassingthwaighte and American Jesse Johnson. It grossed $744 at the box office.
 Uncivilised is a 1936 Australian film directed by Charles Chauvel. It was an attempt by Chauvel to make a more obviously commercial film and was clearly influenced by Tarzan.The film is known as Uncivilized in the USA.
 Arya 2 (IPA: [[ɑːrja]-2]; Telugu: ఆర్యా-2 Ārya-2) is a 2009 Telugu romance film directed by Sukumar and is a follow-up to the actor's and the director's previous successful film Arya. Allu Arjun and Kajal Aggarwal play the lead roles while Navdeep and Shraddha Das play supporting rolesSukumar who directed the original directed this film as well. The film's music is by Devi Sri Prasad. Aditya Babu and Bhogavalli Prasad produced the film under the Aditya Arts banner.
 Love's Brother is a 2004 film written and directed by Jan Sardi.
 Elvira's Halloween Special is a 1986 TV special for MTV hosted by Elvira Mistress of the Dark. The special included skits with Elvira as well as music videos.
 Dushmani: A Violent Love Story is a 1995 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bunty Soorma. It stars Sunny Deol Jackie Shroff Manisha Koirala and Deepti Naval in pivotal roles.
 Mutiny is a 1952 American film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It was produced by the King Brothers Productions and based on a story by Hollister Noble; the two parties also collaborating on Drums in the Deep South.
 Mondo Keyhole is a 1966 film directed by Jack Hill. A sexploitation drama it covers themes such as the pornography business drug-taking rape martial arts and revenge.
 Long Day's Journey Into Night is a 1973 videotaped television adaptation of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same name. It was directed by Michael Blakemore and Peter Wood with Cecil Clarke as executive producer. The recording is a version of Royal National Theatre's 1971 staging of the play and features Laurence Olivier (Tyrone) Constance Cummings (Mary) Denis Quilley (Jamie) Ronald Pickup (Edmund) and Maureen Lipman (Cathleen).
 Desert Gold is a 1936 American western directed by James P. Hogan starring Buster Crabbe and Marsha Hunt based on a Zane Grey novel and released by Paramount Pictures.The film is also known as Desert Storm (American reissue title).
 Our School's E.T. (Hangul: 울학교 이티; RR: Ulhakgyo Iti) is a 2008 South Korean comedy-drama film directed by Park Kwang-chun (also known as K.C. Park). It stars Kim Su-ro as an unconventional alien-like high school P.E. teacher whose position is put at stake when the school adopts a new policy to boost English education so he decides that becoming an English teacher (E.T.) overnight is his only hope.
 Anari is 1993 Hindi film directed by K. Muralimohana Rao and starring Karishma Kapoor Venkatesh Suresh Oberoi. This film is a remake of 1991 Tamil film Chinna Thambi. It was also remade in Kannada as Ramachari (1991) in Telugu as Chanti (1992) which were block buster hits.
 Derek and Clive Get the Horn is a 1979 British documentary comedy film that chronicles the recording of Peter Cook and Dudley Moore's 1978 comedy album Derek and Clive Ad Nauseam their third and final outing featuring their controversial alter-egos Derek and Clive two foul-mouthed lavatory attendants who banter at length about their surreal day-to-day existences. The footage was shot in early September 1978.
 Life Returns is a 1935 American film directed by Eugene Frenke and James P. Hogan and released by Universal Pictures.
 Lego: The Adventures of Clutch Powers is a 2010 British/American CGI animated comedy-adventure film. The film is based on the toy series of the same name Lego. It's the first movie in the Clutch Powers series.The actors of the movie are Ryan McPartlin Yvonne Strahovski Roger Rose Jeff Bennett Paul Michael Glaser Gregg Berger Christopher Emerson and Alex Desert.
 The Mouth Agape (French: La gueule ouverte) is a 1974 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat. It depicts in a cinematic realist fashion a woman going through a terminal illness and also dealing with the tumorous lives of her husband and son. It was one of the least commercially successful of Pilat's films. It was Pilat's third film of the ten that he directed before his death in January 2003.
 Simple Agi Ondh Love Story is a 2013 Kannada romantic comedy film written and directed by Suni. This movie is considered as an experiment (concept from the English movie 50FirstDates) in the Kannada film Industry with all the cast and crew being newcomers. The movie is creating box office records though the movie lacks a star cast except Srinagar kitty who has done a cameo.
 Young Donovan's Kid is a 1931 American drama film directed by Fred Niblo starring Richard Dix and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Détour De Seta is a 2004 documentary film directed by Salvo Cuccia about Vittorio De Seta.
 Hurlevent is an adaptation of Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights. Based on the first part of the novel and set in 1930s southern France it starred three unknown actors: Fabienne Babe as Catherine Lucas Belvaux as Roch (Heathcliff) and Oliver Cruveiller as Catherine's brother William. It was released in 1985.
 Lifeboat (1944) is an American film directed by Alfred Hitchcock from a story by John Steinbeck. The film stars Tallulah Bankhead with William Bendix. Also in the cast are Walter Slezak Mary Anderson and John Hodiak. Additional roles in the boat were from Henry Hull Heather Angel Hume Cronyn and Canada Lee.
 The Miracle of P. Tinto (Spanish: El milagro de P. Tinto) is a 1998 Spanish film directed by Javier Fesser.
 Lan Kwai Fong 2 is a 2012 blue comedy film directed by Wilson Chin and produced by Li Guoxing. Lan Kwai Fong 2 is the sequel to Lan Kwai Fong and is the second film in the Lan Kwai Fong theatrical series. It was released in Hong Kong Macao and New Zealand on August 23 2012 and grossed over $11031668 in Hong Kong. It was followed by sequels Lan Kwai Fong 3. The film stars Shiga Lin Shiga Lin Sammy Sum Izumt Liu Avis Chan and Boey Chan.
 The Toast of New York is a 1937 American biopic starring Edward Arnold Cary Grant Frances Farmer and Jack Oakie. The film is a fictionalized account of the lives of financiers James Fisk and Edward S. Stokes. The screenplay was based on the books The Robber Barons by Matthew Josephson and The Book of Daniel Drew by Bouck White.
 Charlie Ve'hetzi (aka - Charlie and a Half; Hebrew צ'ארלי וחצי) is a 1974 Israeli comedy and cult movie. The movie was directed byBoaz Davidson and stars Israeli comedians Yehuda Barkan and Ze'ev Revach.
 7-10 Split is a 2007 American film starring Ross Patterson Tara Reid and Vinnie Jones. It has been released in a few European markets in 2007 and Japan in 2008. It has been renamed as Strike for its U.S. DVD release (through Anchor Bay Entertainment) on June 9 2009.
 Coney Island is a 1943 American Technicolor musical film released by Twentieth Century Fox and starring Betty Grable in one of her biggest hits. A gay nineties musical (set in that time period) it also featured George Montgomery Cesar Romero and Phil Silvers was choreographed by Hermes Pan and was directed by Walter Lang.
 Sadayam (English: With Compassion) (Malayalam: സദയം) is a Malayalam drama thriller film released in 1992 directed by Sibi Malayil written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and featuring Mohanlal Sreenivasan Thilakan Maathu and Nedumudi Venu in the main roles. The movie was produced and distributed by G. P. Vijayakumar under the banner of Seven Arts Films.M. T. Vasudevan Nair won the National Film Award for Best Screenplay for this film.
 Sonatine is a 1984 Canadian drama film written and directed by Micheline Lanctôt. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 1989 science fiction film. It was a nominal sequel to the movie Alien from L.A. both of which are (very) loosely based on the novel Journey to the Center of the Earth by Jules Verne.According to credited director Rusty Lemorande Only the approximately first 8 minutes of the film were written or directed by me.
 Alone in the Dark is a 2005 German-Canadian-American science fiction action horror film very loosely based on Infogrames' popular video game series of the same name. Directed by Uwe Boll the film stars Christian Slater as supernatural detective Edward Carnby and Tara Reid as the scientist assisting him. The film's tagline is Evil Awakens. The film was panned by critics and was a box office failure.
 The Forgotten District is a documentary film directed by Oliver Dickinson.Between the Caribbean Sea and the Maya Mountains lies Toledo known as The Forgotten District of Belize Central America. For the last 20 years the Maya have been promoting their own ecotourism programme in order to protect their rainforest and traditions. Despite constant opposition from the government and the tourist industry Margarita Reyes Chet and their friends remain strong and optimistic.
 The Surprise of a Knight is a gay hardcore pornographic film from the United States. Released probably in 1929 it is notable for being the earliest known American pornographic film to depict exclusively homosexual intercourse.
 Stories from the Kronen (Spanish: Historias del Kronen) is a 1995 Spanish drama film directed by Montxo Armendáriz. Starring Juan Diego Botto and Jordi Mollà the film is an adaptation of José Angel Mañas eponymous novel. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Shanks is a 1974 American horror film about a puppeteer able to manipulate dead bodies like puppets. Mime Marcel Marceau in his first major film role plays the titular Malcolm Shanks. It was the last film directed by producer-director William Castle.
 Lupin the 3rd vs Detective Conan (ルパン三世VS名探偵コナン Rupan Sansei Vāsasu Meitantei Konan) is a crossover work of Lupin III and Case Closed (Detective Conan in Japan). It was broadcast on March 27 2009.
 A Honeymoon Adventure is a 1931 British thriller film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Benita Hume Peter Hannen and Harold Huth. Written in collaboration by Rupert Downing and Basil Dean it follows a brilliant scientist and his wife who go on honeymoon to Scotland where they are nearly kidnapped by agents of a foreign power. The film was shot at Beaconsfield Studios. Location shooting including the railway scenes took place in Scotland.
 Tango with Me is a Nigerian romantic drama film written by Femi Kayode produced and directed by Mahmood Ali-Balogun and starring Genevieve Nnaji Joseph Benjamin and Joke Silva. The film was nominated for 5 awards at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 Shravani Subramanya (Kannada: ಶ್ರಾವಣಿ ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Manju Swaraj and produced by K. A Suresh under his home production banner Suresh Arts Productions. The film features Ganesh and Amulya in lead roles. This is the second collaboration of both stars after the 2007 blockbuster hit Cheluvina Chittara. Amulya makes her comeback after a hiatus through this film.The film features the score and soundtrack composed by V.
 Il piccolo cerinaio is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Field of Honor (Dutch: Het veld van eer) is a 1986 Dutch/South Korean war film set during the Korean war directed by Dae-hie Kim and Hans Scheepmaker.
 Aashayein (Hopes) is a 2010 Hindi film written and directed by Nagesh Kukunoor and produced by Percept Picture Company and T-Series. It stars John Abraham and Sonal Sehgal in the lead roles.
 L'amour braque (English: Mad love) is a 1985 French romantic drama film directed by Andrzej Zulawski and starring Sophie Marceau Francis Huster and Tchéky Karyo. Inspired by Dostoyevsky's novel The Idiot the film is about a bank robber who meets a neurotic dreamer on his way to Paris whom he considers to be an idiot. The dreamer follows him everywhere and soon falls in love with his girlfriend resulting in a tragic ending.
 Sammy Going South (retitled A Boy Ten Feet Tall for its later US release) is a 1963 British adventure film directed by Alexander Mackendrick photographed by Erwin Hillier and starring Edward G. Robinson Fergus McClelland and Constance Cummings. The film was based on a novel by W.H. Canaway and adapted for the screen by Denis Cannan. It was produced by Michael Balcon Productions and Bryanston Films.
 La bohème is a 2009 short film from directed by Werner Herzog. The four-minute film features images of harsh life in Ethiopia set to O Soave Fanciulla from the opera La Bohème. It was part of a series of short films commissioned by Sky Arts and English National Opera.
 Sixteen Decisions is a documentary film directed and produced by Gayle Ferraro exploring the impact of the Grameen Bank on impoverished women in Bangladesh. The bank provides micro loans of about $60 each to the poor as well as promoting a social charter that gave the film its title. The film was Gayle Ferraro's first begun in 1997 and completed in 2000.
 The Rebound is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and Justin Bartha. It was released in theaters in several countries in late 2009. It was originally scheduled to be released in the United States on December 25 2010 but was cancelled due to the film's distributor shutting down. It ended up going direct-to-DVD in the United States on February 7 2012.
 15 Minuten Wahrheit is a German film.
 La Guitarra de Gardel is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Seven Below (US title Seven Below Zero) is a 2012 horror-thriller American film directed by Kevin Carraway starring Val Kilmer Ving Rhames and Luke Goss in lead roles.
 Tropic Holiday is a 1938 American musical film directed by Theodore Reed and starring Bob Burns Dorothy Lamour and Ray Milland.The film was nominated for the Academy Award's Best Original Score.
 Pack up the Plantation Live! is a concert film featuring Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was filmed at two concerts at the Wiltern Theatre in Los Angeles California on August 6 & 7 1985 during their Southern Accents Tour.
 The Show is a 1922 American short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Things of Life (French: Les choses de la vie) is a 1970 French film directed by Claude Sautet. It was nominated for the Golden Palm at the 1970 Cannes Film Festival. The film was a success in France with 2959682 admissions becoming the 8th highest earning film of the year.
 Simon Magus is a 1999 British mystery film directed by Ben Hopkins. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Hälsoresan – En smal film av stor vikt (English: The Health Conduct Tour - A Small Film With Great Importance) is a Swedish comedy film released in 1999 and directed by Lasse Åberg.
 That Darn Cat is a 1997 mystery comedy film starring Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug. It is a remake of the 1965 film That Darn Cat! which in turn was based on the book Undercover Cat by Gordon and Mildred Gordon.A cat has a watch around its neck leading to a kidnapping investigation.
 Spirit of the Marathon II is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jon Dunham and the sequel to the 2008 film Spirit of the Marathon. The film chronicles the journey seven marathon runners experience leading up to competing in the 2012 Rome Marathon. It received a one-night limited release on over 600 screens in the United States on June 12 2013.
 The Naked Edge is a 1961 thriller film starring Gary Cooper and Deborah Kerr. The movie was a British-American co-production distributed by United Artists directed by Michael Anderson and produced by George Glass and Walter Seltzer with Marlon Brando Sr. as executive producer. The screenplay was by Joseph Stefano and Max Ehrlich the music score by William Alwyn and the cinematography by Erwin Hillier and Tony White.
 Bad Blood (US King of Triads) is a 2010 martial arts-crime film written produced and directed by Dennis Law. The film features an ensemble cast that includes Simon Yam Bernice Liu and Andy On. Bad Blood centers on a Triad gang as the members plot and scheme against each other to become the gang's new leader after the death of their boss. The film was released in Hong Kong on 21 January 2010.
 The Princess of Nebraska is a 2007 film directed by Wayne Wang. It stars Li Ling and Brian Danforth. It was adapted from a story by Yiyun Li.
 Murder in Greenwich is a 2002 American television film directed by Tom McLoughlin. The teleplay by Dave Erickson is based on the 1998 book of the same title by Mark Fuhrman.The Columbia TriStar Domestic Television production debuted on the USA Network on November 15 2002 and was released on DVD on May 6 2003.
 Landslide is a 1937 British drama film directed by Donovan Pedelty and starring Jimmy Hanley Dinah Sheridan and Jimmy Mageean. It was made at Wembley Studios as a quota quickie for release by Paramount Pictures.
 Strikebound is a 1984 Australian film directed by Richard Lowenstein and based on the Wendy Lowenstein novel Dead Men Don't Dig Coal. The film got several AFI Award nominations and won in the Best Achievement in Production Design category.Strikebound is the dramatised story of a coal-miners' strike in 1930s Australia in the small south Gippsland town of Korumburra. The story is told through the struggles of Agnes and Wattie Doig two Scottish immigrants who were real people.
 Jönssonligan på Mallorca (The Johnson Gang in Mallorca - International: English title) is a Swedish film made in 1989 and is one of a series about a criminal gang called Jönssonligan.
 The Mystery Road is a 1921 drama film directed by Paul Powell. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. The film is now lost.
 French for Beginners (original title in German: Französisch für Anfänger) is a German-French comedy film made in 2006 and directed by Christian Ditter. The theme of the film is young love during a school exchange in France complicated by language barriers and cultural differences.
 Circle of Deceit is a 1993 television film produced by Yorkshire Television about a former SAS operative who is called to infiltrate the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in Northern Ireland.
 Double Take is a 2009 essay film directed by Johan Grimonprez and written by Tom McCarthy. The plot is set during the Cold War and combines both documentary and fictional elements. The protagonist is a fictionalised version of Alfred Hitchcock who unwittingly gets caught up in a double take.
 The Last Metro (French: Le Dernier Métro) is a 1980 drama film made by Les Films du Carrosse written and directed by the French filmmaker François Truffaut and starring Catherine Deneuve and Gérard Depardieu.The film is set during the time of the French occupation and demonstrates passive resistance through culture in the story of a small Parisian theatre surviving censorship antisemitism and material shortages to emerge triumphant at the war’s end.In 1981 the film won ten Césars for: best film best actor (Depardieu) best actress (Deneuve) best cinematography best director (Truffaut) best editing best music best production design best sound and best writing. 
 Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco is the 1996 sequel to the 1993 film Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey. Directed by David R. Ellis the film features the three animals from the first film Shadow the Golden Retriever (voiced by Ralph Waite replacing Don Ameche who died in 1993) Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field) and Chance the American Bulldog (Michael J. Fox).
 Doctor at Sea is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas produced by Betty E. Box and based on Richard Gordon's novel by the same name. This was the second of seven films in the Doctor series following the hugely popular Doctor in the House from the previous year. Once again Richard Gordon participated in the screenwriting together with Nicholas Phipps and Jack Davies and once again Dirk Bogarde played the lead character Dr Simon Sparrow.
 The Case of the Frightened Lady is a 1940 British black-and-white crime drama mystery thriller directed by George King and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Sergeant Tatty Felix Aylmer Helen Haye and Marius Goring. It was produced by Pennant Picture Productions and presented by British Lion Film Corporation. The film is based on a play by Edgar Wallace.This production was the second time that Wallace’s play had been adapted for the cinema.
 Boyz n the Hood is a 1991 American drama film written and directed by John Singleton in his directorial debut and starring Ice Cube Cuba Gooding Jr. Morris Chestnut Larry Fishburne Nia Long and Angela Bassett depicting life in the South Central Los Angeles. This was Ice Cube and Morris Chestnut's film debut.Boyz n the Hood was filmed from October 1 to November 28 1990 and released on July 12 1991.
 Triumphs of a Man Called Horse is a 1983 American Western film directed by John Hough and starring Richard Harris Michael Beck and Ana De Sade. Harris reprised his role as British aristocrat John Morgan 8th Earl of Kildare who becomes a member of the Lakota Sioux. It was the final film of the trilogy after A Man Called Horse (1970) and The Return of a Man Called Horse (1976).
 Deaf Jam is a 2011 documentary film directed and produced by American filmmaker Judy Lieff. The film centers on the experience of Aneta Brodski a deaf teenager living in Queens New York who becomes immersed in the dynamic and three-dimensional form of American Sign Language poetry.
 Going Shopping is a 2005 American romance film directed by Henry Jaglom and stars Victoria Foyt Rob Morrow and Lee Grant (in her last film role as of 2011).
 Le Halua Le is a 2012 Bengali-language Indian feature comedy film directed by Raja Chanda starring Mithun Chakraborty. The film is the remake of successful Malayalam-language film Poochakkoru Mookkuthi directed by Priyadarshan who again remade the film in Hindi-language as Hungama later.
 Year at Danger is a 2007 independent documentary. Nine days after getting married Steve Metze found out he was being deployed as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Metze a West Point graduate Desert Storm veteran and documentary filmmaker decided to pack a camera and document his year in Iraq.
 White Shadows in the South Seas (1928) is a silent film adventure romance produced by Cosmopolitan Productions in association with MGM and distributed by MGM. The movie was directed by W.S. Van Dyke and starred Monte Blue and Raquel Torres. Based on the novel of the same name by Frederick O'Brien the film is known for being the first MGM picture to be released with a pre-recorded soundtrack and having won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography for Clyde De Vinna.
 Sleepy Lagoon is a 1943 American musical comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and featuring comedienne Judy Canova and singer Dennis Day. The film was written by Prescott Chaplin while Frank Gill Jr. and George Carleton Brow wrote the screenplay. While closely coincident in time the movie was entirely unrelated to the Sleepy Lagoon murder which led to the Zoot Suit Riots nor to the song which lent its name to that incident.
 Murphy's Romance is a 1985 romantic comedy film adapted by Harriet Frank Jr. and Irving Ravetch from a 1980 novel by Max Schott and directed by Martin Ritt. The film stars Sally Field (also executive producer) James Garner Brian Kerwin and Corey Haim.The film's theme song Love for the Last Time is performed by Carole King.
 These Wilder Years is a 1956 drama film directed by Roy Rowland and starring James Cagney and Barbara Stanwyck. It is the story of a businessman who tries to find the illegitimate son he gave up to an orphanage many years ago.These Wilder Years marked the first onscreen pairing of Hollywood stars Cagney and Stanwyck.
 Imitation is a 2007 Canadian film by Federico Hidalgo starring Vanessa Bauche Jesse Aaron Dwyre and Conrad Pla and distributed by Atopia
 The Legend of Seven Cutter (aka Escaping Charisma) is a 2006 South Korean film starring popular Korean singer-turned-actress Yoon Eun Hye.
 Penpattanam (Malayalam: പെൺപട്ടണം) is a 2010 Malayalam film by V. M. Vinu. This films takes a look at the struggle for survival of four women who are Kudumbasree workers portrayed by Revathi KPAC Lalitha Shwetha Menon and Vishnupriya.
 The Return of Navajo Boy (released in 2000) is an award-winning documentary film produced by Jeff Spitz and Bennie Klain about the Cly family Navajo who have suffered health problems due to environmental contamination from uranium mining on tribal land in Monument Valley Utah.
 Fast & Furious 7 is an upcoming 2015 American action film. It is the seventh installment in the Fast and the Furious film series. The film was written by Chris Morgan and directed by James Wan. It stars Vin Diesel Paul Walker Dwayne Johnson Michelle Rodriguez Jordana Brewster and Lucas Black. It is the first film of the series to take place after The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift with the three previous installments being set between 2 Fast 2 Furious and Tokyo Drift.
 Bees in Paradise is a 1944 British musical comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring Arthur Askey Anne Shelton and Peter Graves. It was produced by Edward Black at Gainsborough Pictures.
 Dreyfus is a 1931 British film on the Dreyfus affair translated from the play by Wilhelm Herzog and Hans Rehfisch and the 1930 German film Dreyfus.
 Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father is a 2008 American documentary film conceived and created by Kurt Kuenne. Kuenne's close friend Andrew Bagby was allegedly murdered by Shirley Jane Turner after Bagby ended their tumultuous relationship. Shortly after she was arrested she announced she was pregnant with Bagby's child a boy she named Zachary.
 Ginger is an 2013 Malayalam action-comedy road film directed by Shaji Kailas and starring Jayaram Muktha George Mallika Sudheesh Jagadish Suresh Krishna Lakshmi Gopalaswamy and Kaviyoor Ponnamma.
 Salt is a 2010 American action thriller spy film directed by Phillip Noyce written by Kurt Wimmer and starring Angelina Jolie Liev Schreiber Daniel Olbrychski August Diehl and Chiwetel Ejiofor. Jolie plays Evelyn Salt who is accused of being a Russian sleeper agent and goes on the run to try to clear her name.Originally written with a male protagonist with Tom Cruise initially secured for the lead the script was ultimately rewritten by Brian Helgeland for Jolie.
 The Bride is Much Too Beautiful is a French comedy film directed by Pierre Gaspard-Huit. It was also known as Her Bridal Night and La mariée est trop belle.
 A Song Goes Round the World (German: Ein Lied geht um die Welt) is a 1933 German drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Joseph Schmidt Viktor de Kowa and Charlotte Ander. An English-language version of the film was made My Song Goes Round the World by British International Pictures also directed by Richard Oswald. The film serves as a semi-biopic of Joseph Schmidt who appears in it himself. A 1958 film of the same name was also a biopic of Schmidt who was by then dead.
 The Company You Keep is a 2012 political action thriller produced and directed by and starring Robert Redford. The script was written by Lem Dobbs based on the 2003 novel of the same name by Neil Gordon. The film was produced by Nicolas Chartier (Voltage Pictures) Redford and Bill Holderman.The story centers on recent widower and single father Jim Grant a former Weather Underground anti-Vietnam War militant wanted for a bank robbery and murder.
 A Star Is Born is a 1937 Technicolor romantic drama film produced by David O. Selznick and directed by William A. Wellman with a script by Wellman Robert Carson Dorothy Parker and Alan Campbell. It stars Janet Gaynor as an aspiring Hollywood actress and Fredric March as an aging movie star who helps launch her career. Other members of the cast include Adolphe Menjou May Robson Andy Devine Lionel Stander and Carole Landis.
 The Treatment is an American romantic comedy film released in 2006 starring Chris Eigeman and Famke Janssen and produced and directed by Oren Rudavsky.It is based on a novel with the same title by Daniel Menaker.
 Naked Weapon (赤裸特工) is a 2002 Hong Kong action-thriller film directed by action choreographer Tony Ching and starring Maggie Q Anya Wu and Daniel Wu. Written by prolific film producer Wong Jing Naked Weapon is similar in theme though unrelated to his earlier work Naked Killer (1992).
 Boycott (Persian: Baykot‎) is a 1985 Iranian film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf set in pre-revolutionary Iran. The film tells the story of a young man named Valeh (Majid Majidi) who is sentenced to death for his communist tendencies. It is widely believed that the film is based on Makhmalbaf's own experiences. The actor Ardalan Shoja Kaveh starred in this film.
 Unstoppable Marriage is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film. It stars veteran actors Kim Soo-mi and Im Chae-mu alongside popstar and television actress Eugene and Ha Seok-jin. The film is Eugene's big screen debut and is also the directorial debut of Kim Seong-wook who previously worked as assistant director on other films such as Fun Movie (2002) My Teacher Mr.
 Flic Story is a French crime thriller released on October 1 1975 based on the autobiography of the same name written by French police detective Roger Borniche. Both film and book portray Borniche's nine-year pursuit of French gangster and murderer Emile Buisson who was executed on February 28 1956. Directed by Jacques Deray the film stars Alain Delon and Jean-Louis Trintignant as Borniche and Buisson respectively supported by Claudine Auger and André Pousse.
 Belphegor the Mountebank is a 1921 British silent film directed by Bert Wynne and starring Milton Rosmer Kathleen Vaughan and Warwick Ward. It is based on the play Belphegor the mountebank : or Woman's constancy from the 1850s by Charles Webb. Webb's own play was a translation and adaptation of Adolphe D'Ennery's aillasse.
 Omega (Ωμέγα) is a 2008 Greek small budget-thriller film directed by Vasilis Blioumis. It was named the Best Full Length Greek Picture at the 8th Panorama of Independent Film Makers - T.U.C.TH. The film was accomplished in only 14 days/nights.It was compared to Michael Haneke's Funny Games because of the similarities in the plot.
 Management is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama directed by Stephen Belber and starring Jennifer Aniston and Steve Zahn. It premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and received a limited theatrical release on May 15 2009.
 Detective is a 2007 Malayalam suspense thriller film directed by Jeethu Joseph. The movie features Suresh Gopi in the double role along with Sindhu Menon in the lead role. The film received positive reviews and it was a hit at the box office.
 Grayson is a 2004 fan film made by John Fiorella featuring DC Comics character Dick Grayson along with several other DC Universe characters. Since it is a fan film it was not allowed to be sold at a profit and was thus distributed for free on the internet.The film is a mock trailer for a Grayson movie; however no such movie exists.
 Hunger is a 1986 Australian TV film about a Romanian refugee who settles in Australia.Nowra wrote it for Jan Chapman following their successful collaboration on Displaced Persons. He says the subject matter was close to Chapman's heart and the producer thought it would make a romantic story. However the more research Nowra did the less romantic he felt the story was and he had a deal of trouble writing it as a love story.
 Daughters Who Pay is a 1925 American drama film directed by George Terwilliger starring Marguerite De La Motte and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 La Guerra la gano yo is a 1943 Argentine film.
 The Big Town is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 34th Our Gang short subject released.
 High Society is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 29th Our Gang short subject released.
 My Mother Is a Belly Dancer (師奶唔易做 lit: It's not easy to be a see lai) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Lee Kung-Lok. It is part of Andy Lau's Focus: First Cut series focusing on promising young directors from Asia. Andy Lau makes a cameo in the film.
 Opal Dream (also known as Pobby and Dingan) is a 2006 Australian drama film based on the Ben Rice novella Pobby and Dingan directed by Peter Cattaneo and starring an ensemble cast including Vince Colosimo Jacqueline McKenzie Christian Byers and Sapphire Boyce. It was filmed on location around South Australia in Adelaide Coober Pedy and Woomera. Opal Dream was released in Australia on 28 September 2006 with eventual release around the world.
 The Relentless Four or I quattro inesorabili is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Primo Zeglio.
 New Stage is a webseries that stars Mike The Situation Sorrentino as Angel Adonis a famous hip-hop star and lead judge on a reality television singing competition.
 Major League: Back to the Minors is a 1998 film distributed by Warner Bros. directed and written by John Warren with David S. Ward taking the co-writer duties. It is the third film in the Major League series.
 The Big Fall is a 2005 Lebanese short animation written and directed by the Lebanese director Antoine Waked.
 32A is a 2008 feature film directed by Marian Quinn from her own script. It was shot principally in Dublin with additional footage in Roscommon and Sligo.The script won the inaugural Tiernan McBride Award for screenwriting as well as Best First Feature on its première at the Galway Film Fleadh. In 2009 the film won an Irish Film and Television Award for cinematography by PJ Dillon. It had its international premiere at the Berlinale '08 film festival.
 The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus is a film released in 1996 of an 11 December 1968 event put together by The Rolling Stones. The event comprised two concerts on a circus stage and included such acts as The Who Taj Mahal Marianne Faithfull and Jethro Tull.
 Mera Haque is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap and produced by Bobby Raj. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Anita Raj in pivotal roles.
 The Club of the Big Deed (Russian: Союз Великого дела) is a 1927 Soviet silent film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg about 1825 Decembrist revolt.
 Lora Neeyevide is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Darkness is a 2002 horror film directed by Jaume Balagueró about an American teenage girl who moves into a haunted house with her family in the Spanish countryside. The film stars Anna Paquin Lena Olin Iain Glen Giancarlo Giannini and Fele Martínez. The film premiered in Spain on October 3 2002 and was released in theaters across the country eight days later on October 11 2002.
 Redheads is a 1992 Australian film starring Claudia Karvan.
 Last Days Here is a 2011 American documentary film featuring Bobby Liebling lead singer of the American heavy metal band Pentagram. Directed by Don Argott and Demian Fenton the film had its world premiere at the South by Southwest film festival on March 14 2011. It is distributed by Sundance Selects.
 Sherlock Jr. (1924) is an American silent comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton and written by Clyde Bruckman Jean Havez and Joseph A. Mitchell. It features Kathryn McGuire Joe Keaton and Ward Crane.In 1991 Sherlock Jr. was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant and on June 14 2000 the American Film Institute as part of its AFI 100 Years...
 War Flowers is a 2012 American war film written and directed by Serge Rodnunsky. It is the first feature film having been produced by Unity Studios.
 Switch is a 1991 comedy film written and directed by Blake Edwards. The movie stars Ellen Barkin Jimmy Smits JoBeth Williams and Lorraine Bracco.
 The Killing of Sister George is a 1964 play by Frank Marcus that was adapted as a 1968 film directed by Robert Aldrich.
 Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a dramatic love story releasing in India and other countries on 3 August 2012. Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a story of two young people who are caught between love for each other and the generations old enmity between their respective Rajput families.
 Thunderbirds Are Go is a 1966 British science-fiction film based on Thunderbirds a 1960s television series starring marionette puppets and featuring scale model effects in a filming process dubbed Supermarionation. Written by Thunderbirds creators Gerry and Sylvia Anderson directed by David Lane and produced by AP Films Thunderbirds Are Go develops the franchise with a plot focusing on the futuristic spacecraft Zero-X and its manned mission to Mars.
 Three Can Play That Game is a 2007 romantic comedy film directed by Samad Davis. The film stars Jason George Jazsmin Lewis and Vivica A. Fox and is a sequel to the 2001 film Two Can Play That Game.
 Jabe Babe – A Heightened Life is a 2005 Australian documentary film directed by Janet Merewether.The subject of the film is Jabe Babe a woman diagnosed with marfan syndrome a hereditary disorder which affects organs including the skeleton lungs eyes heart and blood vessels. The disorder has resulted in Jabe Babe growing to 188 centimetres in height.
 High Road is a 2011 American improvised comedy film directed by Matt Walsh who co-wrote it with Josh Weiner. The film surrounds a young man whose loyalties are torn between his band girlfriend and dealing weed. Attempting to elude arrest after a drug bust he is accompanied by his teenage runaway neighbor. It stars James Pumphrey Abby Elliott Dylan O'Brien and Rob Riggle.
 New Waterford Girl is a Canadian drama-comedy film released in 1999. The film was directed by Allan Moyle and written by Tricia Fish.New Waterford Girl stars Liane Balaban as Agnes-Marie Moonie Pottie a teenager in New Waterford Nova Scotia who dreams of life beyond her small-town home. She is inspired and fascinated when a family from New York City with an idiosyncratic daughter her own age Lou Benza (played by Tara Spencer-Nairn) moves into the house next door.
 Pastorale heroica is a 1983 Polish war film directed by Henryk Bielski. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where Wirgiliusz Gryń won the award for Best Actor.
 Talk to Her (Spanish: Hable con ella) is a 2002 Spanish drama written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Javier Cámara Darío Grandinetti Leonor Watling Geraldine Chaplin and Rosario Flores.
 Fatevi vivi la polizia non interverrà is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 The Case of Lady Camber is a 1920 British silent mystery film directed by Walter West and starring Violet Hopson Stewart Rome and Gregory Scott. Lord Camber comes under suspicion of murdering his wife an ex-chorus girl. It was adaptated from a play of the same title by Horace Annesley Vachell. It was made at Walthamstow Studios.
 Notebook (Malayalam: നോട്ട്ബുക്ക്‌) is a 2006 Malayalam teen film directed by Rosshan Andrrews and written by Bobby Sanjay. It is about three students at a boarding school and how they face up to challenges in their lives. The film dealt with the subject of teenage pregnancy. The film was praised for handling a rare and relevant subject but the overall critical and box-office responses were mixed.
 Brave New World is a 1998 television movie loosely based on Aldous Huxley's novel Brave New World. The film stars Peter Gallagher and Leonard Nimoy. It is an abridged version of the original story. The film aired on NBC.
 Power Play is an American action movie directed by Joseph Zito made in 2002 starring Dylan Walsh Alison Eastwood Tobin Bell and Brixton Karnes.
 Love in Limbo is a 1993 Australian comedy film directed by David Elfick.Visually the film was heavily influenced by The Girl Can't Help It (1956).It was nominated for three awards by the Australian Film Institute in 1992.
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 1959 DeLuxe Color in CinemaScope adventure film adapted by Charles Brackett from the novel by Jules Verne. It stars Pat Boone James Mason and Arlene Dahl and was directed by Henry Levin.
 Requiem pour un beau sans-coeur (English: Requiem for a handsome bastard) is a 1992 Canadian film written and directed by Robert Morin. The film depicts the downfall of a Montreal criminal following his escape from prison. It was nominated for four Genie Awards and won Best Canadian Feature at the Toronto International Film Festival. The film is based on the story of Richard Blass.
 Aliens of the Deep is a 2005 documentary film directed in part by James Cameron alongside fellow cameraman and friend Steven Quale who would go on to direct Final Destination 5 six years later and filmed in the IMAX 3D format. It was produced by Walden Media and Walt Disney Pictures. Cameron teams with NASA scientists to explore the Mid-Ocean Ridges submerged chains of mountains in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans that are home to some of the planet's more unusual forms of life.
 247°F is a suspense thriller directed by Levan Bakhia and Beqa Jguburia. Cast members include Scout Taylor-Compton Travis Van Winkle Christina Ulloa Michael Copon and Tyler Mane. It was filmed in Tbilisi Georgia and wrapped in July 2011. It received its first international release date in Georgia on 1 September 2011. The film is about a group of friends who get trapped in a sauna.247°F was released on UK DVD and Blu-ray on the 18th March from Anchor Bay Entertainment.
 Andrei Rublev (Russian: Андрей Рублёв Andrey Rublyov) also known as The Passion According to Andrei (Russian: Страсти по Андрею) is a 1966 Russian film directed by Andrei Tarkovsky from a screenplay written by him and Andrei Konchalovsky. The film is loosely based on the life of Andrei Rublev the great 15th-century Russian icon painter. The film features Anatoly Solonitsyn Nikolai Grinko Ivan Lapikov Nikolai Sergeyev Nikolai Burlyayev and Tarkovsky's wife Irma Raush.
 Sri Sri Sri Maryada Ramanna is a 1967 Telugu film produced by comedian B. Padmanabham and directed by K. Hemambharadhara Rao. This is the debut film for National singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam.
 The Towering Inferno is a 1974 American action drama disaster film produced by Irwin Allen featuring an all-star cast led by Steve McQueen and Paul Newman. The picture was directed by John Guillermin.A co-production between 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. (this was the first film to be a joint venture by two major Hollywood studios) it was adapted by Stirling Silliphant from a pair of novels The Tower by Richard Martin Stern and The Glass Inferno by Thomas N. Scortia and Frank M.
 The Peterville Diamond is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Anne Crawford Donald Stewart and Renee Houston. It is also known by the alternative title Jewel Robbery.
 The Adventures of Picasso (Swedish: Picassos äventyr) is a 1978 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson starring Gösta Ekman as the famous painter. The film had the tag-line Tusen kärleksfulla lögner av Hans Alfredson och Tage Danielsson (A thousand loving lies by Hans Alfredson and Tage Danielsson). At the 14th Guldbagge Awards the film won the award for Best Film.The film uses ten languages: Spanish French Swedish German Finnish Italian English Russian Norwegian and Latin.
 Titli (English: Butterfly) is an upcoming 2014 Bollywood drama film directed by Kanu Behl and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films and Dibakar Banerjee Productions Pvt. Ltd. It features actors Ranvir ShoreyAmit SialShashank AroraLalit Behl and Shivani Raghuvanshi in the lead roles. The International sales partner is Westend Flms The release date is yet undecided.
 The Wizard of Mars is a 1965 low budget science fiction film takeoff of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz co-written and directed by stage magician David L. Hewitt. The title character is portrayed by John Carradine who gives a lengthy monologue as a projection near the end of the film.
 The Thing About Styx (German: Die Sache mit Styx) is a 1942 German comedy crime film directed by Karl Anton and starring Laura Solari Viktor de Kowa and Margit Symo. It was based on the novel Rittmeister Styx by Georg Mühlen-Schulte.
 Heartless (Italian: Cuore cattivo) is a 1995 Italian crime-drama film directed by Umberto Marino.
 Tuna Clipper is a 1949 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Roddy McDowall Elena Verdugo and Roland Winters. The film was reviewed by François Truffaut who described it as A scenario whose charm lies in its modesty and honesty.
 Hollywood & Wine is a 2010 American comedy film.
 Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse is a 1996 documentary film directed by Anne Belle about the ballerina Suzanne Farrell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Tie Xi Qu: West of the Tracks (simplified Chinese: 铁西区; traditional Chinese: 鐵西區; pinyin: Tiěxī Qū) is a Chinese documentary film by Wang Bing. Over 9 hours long the film consists of three parts Rust Remnants and Rails.Tie Xi Qu was filmed over the course of two years between 1999 and 2001 and details the slow decline of Shenyang's industrial Tiexi district an area that was once a vibrant example of China's socialist economy.
 Full Disclosure is a 2001 thriller film starring Fred Ward Christopher Plummer Rachel Ticotin and Penelope Ann Miller. It was directed by John Bradshaw.
 A Date with Judy is a 1948 MGM musical film starring Wallace Beery Jane Powell and Elizabeth Taylor. Directed by Richard Thorpe the movie was based on the radio series of the same name.The film was photographed in Technicolor and largely served to showcase the former child star Elizabeth Taylor age 16 at the time. Taylor was given the full MGM glamor treatment including specially designed gowns.Robert Stack appears in a prominent supporting part.
 Wagner's Dream is a documentary film directed by Susan Froemke. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 25 2012 and was shown in high definition in theaters across the United States and Canada on May 7 2012. The subject of the film is the staging of a new production of Richard Wagner's four-opera cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen at the Metropolitan Opera beginning in 2010.
 Kandavarundo is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Four Nights with Anna (Polish: Cztery noce z Anną) is a 2008 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. The film won Polish Academy Award for Best Director and Best Cinematography. It won also Tokyo International Film Festival Special Jury Prize.
 Ratha Kanneer (English: Tears of Blood) is a 1954 Tamil drama film directed by R. Krishnan and S. Panju. The screenplay was written by Tiruvarur K. Thangaraj and the film features M. R. Radha in the lead role. The film was produced by Perumal Mudaliar of National Pictures. The story revolves around Mohanasundaram a returned-from-abroad westernized rich man who shows arrogance and contempt towards anything part of Indian culture and anyone below his social standards.
 Anthropophagous 2000 is a 1999 horror film directed by Andreas Schnaas and written by Karl-Heinz Geisendorf. It is a remake of the 1980 film Antropophagus.
 Light in the Window (also known as Light in the Window: The Art of Vermeer) is a 1952 short film directed by Jean Oser. It won an Academy Award in 1953 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Gangs of New York is a 2002 American epic historical drama film set in the mid-19th century in the Five Points district of Lower Manhattan. The film was directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks Steven Zaillian and Kenneth Lonergan inspired by Herbert Asbury's 1928 non-fiction book The Gangs of New York.
 2012: Kurse a di Xtabai (Curse of the Xtabai) is an 80 minute Creole-language supernatural thriller and the first major feature length dramatic movie to be entirely made in Belize. It was directed by Matthiew Klinck and selected as the opening night movie of the 2012 Belize International Film Festival. It was then taken on a national tour around the country and projected for audiences on an inflatable screen.
 Gidget is a 1959 Columbia Pictures CinemaScope feature film. It stars Sandra Dee Cliff Robertson and James Darren in a story about a teenager's initiation into the California surf culture and her affiliated romance with a young surfer. The screenplay was written by Gabrielle Upton a nom de plume of Gillian Houghton who was then head writer of the soap opera The Secret Storm. This would be Upton's sole contribution to the Gidget canon.
 Le Dernier tournant (aka The Last Turning) is a 1939 French drama film directed by Pierre Chenal written by Charles Spaak and Henri Torrès based on novel The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain.
 In Old Arizona is a 1929 American Western film directed by Irving Cummings and Raoul Walsh nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Picture. The film which was based on the character of the Cisco Kid in the story The Caballero's Way by O. Henry was a major innovation in Hollywood: it was the first major Western to use the new technology of sound and the first talkie to be filmed outdoors.
 The Adventures of Lucky Pierre is a 1961 nudie cutie film created by exploitation filmmakers Herschell Gordon Lewis and David F. Friedman. The first of its kind to be filmed in color the film starred comedian Billy Falbo. It was unique for its time and genre adding successful comedy to the nudity and sensationalist material.
 Gharonda (Hindi: घरोंदा or The Nest) is a 1977 Hindi film produced and directed by Bhimsain Khurana the film stars Amol Palekar Zarina Wahab Shreeram Lagoo and Jalal Agha. The music is by Jaidev.
 Fore Play is a 1975 comedy film co-directed by future Academy Award-winner John G. Avildsen. It is currently being distributed by Troma Entertainment. The film was originally made up of four segments (hence the title of the film) but the last segment was ultimately cut from the final draft of the script.
 Munyurangabo is a 2007 feature film directed by Lee Isaac Chung. Filmed entirely in Rwanda with local actors it is the first narrative feature film in the Kinyarwanda language. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival on 24 May and won the Grand Prize at the 2007 AFI Fest American critic Roger Ebert calls it in every frame a beautiful and powerful film — a masterpiece.
 The Theatre Bizarre is a 2011 American horror anthology film. The six segments are directed by Douglas Buck Buddy Giovinazzo David Gregory Karim Hussain Tom Savini and Richard Stanley.
 Off and Running is a 1991 American film starring singer and actress Cyndi Lauper as a mermaid-themed lounge singer who gets involved with a caring but troubled man. Because of his involvement with horse racing and breeding (and consequent mafia ties) the man is murdered in front of her and she goes on the lam to escape his killers.
 Salvador is a 1986 war drama film written by Oliver Stone and Richard Boyle and directed by Stone. It stars James Woods James Belushi and Michael Murphy with John Savage Elpidia Carrillo and Cynthia Gibb in supporting roles.The film tells the story of an American journalist covering the Salvadoran Civil War who becomes entangled with both leftist guerrillas and the right wing military.
 Peter and the Penny (French: Pierre et le sou) is a 2005 short fiction film by Quebec films directors Denys Desjardins and Stéphane Thibault.
 Alto Paraná is a 1958 Argentinean drama film directed and written by Catrano Catrani. The film is based on the novel by Velmiro Ayala Gauna “Los casos de Don Frutos Gómez”. It was released on September 18 1958 and rated PG 14.The film starred George Hilton Ariel Absalón María Aurelia Bisutti Carlos Gómez and Iris PortilloAlto Paraná Department is a department of Paraguay.
 Filly Brown is a 2012 film directed by Youssef Delara and Michael D. Olmos. It has a 45% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 11 reviews. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and won Best Feature Film at the 2013 Noor Iranian Film Festival.
 Aap Beati is a 1976 Hindi film. Produced and directed by Mohan Kumar the film stars Shashi Kapoor Hema Malini Ashok Kumar Nirupa Roy Premnath Aruna Irani Helen Asrani Sujit Kumar and Madan Puri. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal
 Banović Strahinja (internationally released as The Falcon) is a 1981 Yugoslavian adventure film written and directed by Vatroslav Mimica based on Strahinja Banović a hero of Serbian epic poetry. It entered the section Officina Veneziana at the 38th Venice International Film Festival.
 Hukkle is an experimental 2002 Hungarian film directed by György Pálfi about the daily life of people in a random village. The story is based on the Angel Makers of Nagyrév.
 Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Samson's Hairbrush is the 20th episode in the VeggieTales animated series. It was released in mid-2005 in both DVD and VHS format. Subtitled A Lesson in Dealing with Bullies it features two stories that advise viewers on how to confront overcome and forgive their tormentors. The first is a pragmatic look at how Junior Asparagus overcomes trouble on the playground.
 The Gene Krupa Story (also known as Drum Crazy) is a 1959 biopic of American drummer and bandleader Gene Krupa. The conflict in the film centers on Krupa's rise to success and his corresponding use of marijuana.
 Less Than Zero is a 1987 American drama film very loosely based on Bret Easton Ellis' novel of the same name. The film stars Andrew McCarthy as Clay a college freshman returning home for Christmas to spend time with his ex-girlfriend Blair (Jami Gertz) and his friend Julian (Robert Downey Jr.) who is also a drug addict. The film presents a look at the culture of wealthy decadent youth in Los Angeles.Less Than Zero received mixed reviews among critics.
 Vater Morgana is a 2010 German comedy film by director Till Endemann with the actors Christian Ulmen Michael Gwisdek and Felicitas Woll in the central characters – produced by the movie Company and Warner Bros. Film Productions Germany released by Warner Bros.
 Journey Among Women is a 1977 film directed by Tom Cowan.
 Eskimo Artist: Kenojuak is a 1964 Canadian short documentary film about Inuit artist Kenojuak Ashevak directed by John Feeney. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Roots: The Gift is a 1988 television film. It is the third installment of the Roots series which traces the maternal family history of African American author Alex Haley starting with his fourth great-grandfather Kunta Kinte. The film premiered on ABC on 11 December 1988 with AT&T as the sole national sponsor for the broadcast. LeVar Burton and Louis Gossett Jr. reprise their respective roles of Kunta Kinte and Fiddler.
 The Black Castle is a mystery film released by Universal Pictures in 1952. It was produced by William Alland who would have better success two years later with Creature from the Black Lagoon. The film was made in the United States but premiered in Sweden.
 Futures vedettes (English: Future stars) is a French drama film from 1955 directed by Marc Allégret written by Marc Allégret starring Brigitte Bardot and Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Vicki Baum. The film was known under the title Joy of Living or School for Love (USA) Sweet Sixteen (UK) Reif auf jungen Blüten (West Germany). It was filmed in locations: Franstudio Saint-Maurice Val-de-Marne.
 Chinese Opium Den (also known as Opium Joint) is an 1894 American short black-and-white silent film. It is an early motion picture produced by Thomas Edison. Very little is known about this film as no print is believed to exist and all that remains is a single still image. It is believed to be the first motion picture to explore the issue of drug usage.
 Se le movió el piso: A portrait of Managua is a documentary film by Anne Aghion about the many layers of destruction that the people in Managua Nicaragua endured: the 1972 Nicaragua earthquake four decades of dictatorship and many years of war. Most of the film was centered on the Salazar theater and the many families that lived there.
 Gypsy Colt is a 1954 film about a horse. It was from the writer of Lassie.
 Ben 10: Destroy All Aliens (originally titled Ben 10: Alien Dimensions) is a computer-animated science fiction action film that premiered on Cartoon Network Asia on March 11 2012 and in the United States on Cartoon Network March 23 2012 as part of Ben 10 Week which ran from March 19 2012 – March 24 2012. It was officially unveiled at San Diego Comic-Con International 2011. This is Cartoon Network Studios Asia's first film.
 The Lone Prairie is a 1942 American film directed by William Berke. It is one of a series of Westerns that Berke directed with the trio of Russell Hayden Dub Taylor and Bob Wills. It was produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 Troublesome Night 11 is a 2001 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Yeung Wan-king. It is the 11th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 International House (1933) is a comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures. The tagline of the film was the Grand Hotel of comedy.
 A Night to Remember is a mystery comedy film starring Loretta Young and Brian Aherne. It was directed by Richard Wallace and is based on the novel The Frightened Stiff by Kelley Roos. A mystery writer and his wife try to solve a murder when a corpse appears in their Gay Street apartment.
 Arrivano i bersaglieri is a 1980 Italian historical-comedy film written and directed by Luigi Magni. The film is set during the days of the capture of Rome (1870) an event that marked the Italian unification and the end of the Papal States and of the temporal power of the Popes.
 Crazy Horse is a 1996 TV film based on the true story of Crazy Horse a Native American war leader of the Oglala Lakota and the Battle of Little Bighorn. It is directed by John Irvin and stars Michael Greyeyes as the titular role Ned Beatty as Dr.
 Muchachos impacientes is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Forty Shades of Blue is a 2005 independent film directed by Ira Sachs. It tells the story of Alan James (Rip Torn) an aging music producer who lives in Memphis Tennessee with his much younger Russian girlfriend Laura (Dina Korzun). Their life together is complicated by the presence of Alan's adult son Michael (Darren E. Burrows) from a previous marriage who forces Laura to reflect on the nature of her impending marriage and her future prospects.
 Evita is a 1996 musical drama film based on Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical of the same name about Eva Perón. It was directed by Alan Parker and written by Parker and Oliver Stone. It starred Madonna Antonio Banderas and Jonathan Pryce. The film was released on December 25 1996 by Hollywood Pictures and Cinergi Pictures. The film received positive to mixed critical response and was a box office success.
 Black Brigade is the DVD release title of the television movie Carter's Army which aired as an ABC Movie of the Week on January 27 1970. The movie is a war drama that stars a host of prominent African-American film actors including Richard Pryor Rosie Grier Robert Hooks Billy Dee Williams and Moses Gunn.
 Alive in the Nineties is the first video released by the American Rock Group the Meat Puppets. The video was released in 2003 while the band was on hiatus. The video is professionally shot and was recorded while the band was touring with the Stone Temple Pilots.
 Darfur Now is a 2007 documentary film examining the genocide in Darfur Sudan. It was written and directed by Ted Braun and produced by Don Cheadle Mark Jonathan Harris and Cathy Schulman. Executive Producers included Jeffrey Skoll Omar Amanat Dean Schramm Diane Weyermann and Matt Palmieri. The film is a call to action for people all over the world to help the ongoing crisis in Darfur.Darfur Now premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Revenge of the Pink Panther is the sixth film in The Pink Panther film series. Released in 1978 it was the last entry released during the lifetime of series star Peter Sellers who died in 1980. It is also the last entry to be distributed solely by United Artists which merged with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1981. The opening credits were animated by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises.
 The Nugget is a 2002 comedy film about three friends who find the world's largest nugget of gold.
 Susanne is a Danish film of 1950 directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Astrid Villaume in the title role.The film won three prizes at the 1950 Bodil Awards: Best Actor (Erik Mørk) Best Actress (Astrid Villaume) and Best (Danish) Film.
 Sleepwalking is a 2008 dramatic film starring Nick Stahl AnnaSophia Robb and Charlize Theron (who also produces the film). It centers around the bonding of a 30-year-old man and his 12-year-old niece after she is abandoned by her mother. The girl is taken in by the state after he loses his job and apartment. The two then depart on a road trip to his father's farm a place he and his sister never intended to go back to.
 La dernière image (Arabic: Al-coura al-akhira‎) is a 1986 Algerian drama film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina. It was entered into the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lost and Won is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and Frank Reicher. Preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Poovarasan is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by Gokula Krishnan starring Karthik and Rachana Banerjee in lead roles. The film produced by M. Gafar had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 9 August 1996.
 Aaahh Belinda is a 1986 Turkish fantastic comedy film directed by Atıf Yılmaz featuring Müjde Ar as a young actress appearing in a TV-commercial for a shampoo who finds herself transported into the role she plays. The film screened in competition at the 23rd Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival where it won Golden Oranges for Best Film Best Director and Best Actress.
 Swarnakamalam (English: The Golden Lotus) is a 1988 Telugu drama film written and directed by K. Viswanath. It stars Venkatesh and Bhanupriya in the lead roles. The original soundtrack was composed by Ilayaraja. The film was showcased among the Indian panorama section at the 1988 International Film Festival of India and central Michigan International film festival. The film received three Andhra Pradesh state Nandi Awards.
 Runway Cop (Hangul: 차형사; hanja: 車警官; RR: Cha Hyungsa literally Detective Cha) is a 2012 South Korean action comedy film starring Kang Ji-hwan and Sung Yu-ri and directed by Shin Tae-ra. It tells the story of an overzealous and overweight detective Cha Cheol-soo who goes undercover as a fashion model in order to solve a case. This reunites the two leads since television series Hong Dil Gong and second film Kang has worked on with Shin since My Girlfriend is an Agent in 2008.
 <---> (American title Back and Forth) is a 1969 experimental Canadian film directed by Michael Snow. The camera continually moves back and forth and eventually up and down at varying speeds. Shots of different lengths are cut together.
 La Piscine (The Swimming Pool) is a 1969 Italian-French film directed by Jacques Deray starring Alain Delon Romy Schneider Maurice Ronet and Jane Birkin. Set in summertime on the Côte d'Azur it is a drama of sexual jealousy and possessiveness. French and English-language version of the film have been made which was unusual at a time when movies were always either dubbed or subtitled. It means that the actors have been filmed speaking English for the international version.
 An Indian’s Loyalty is a 1913 short Western film directed by Christy Cabanne and featuring Lillian Gish.
 An Arcadian Maid is a 1910 American silent film directed by D.W. Griffith.
 Operazione San Pietro (internationally released as Operation St. Peter's) is a 1967 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. Beginning with the title the film consists in a sort of unofficial sequel of Operazione San Gennaro a successful heist-comedy film that Dino Risi had filmed the previous year.The film was coproduced by France where it was released as Au diable les anges and West Germany where is known as Die Abenteuer des Kardinal Braun.
 Norok Lokei is a 1969 Khmer film starring Chea Yuthon Nop Yada and Sak Si Sboung.
 If You Are the One 2 (Chinese: 非诚勿扰2) is a 2010 Chinese film directed by Feng Xiaogang.
 One More Chance is a 1983 film written and directed by Sam Firstenberg. The film marks his directorial debut.
 Mundaasupatti is an upcoming adventure comedy Tamil film starring Vishnu Vishal and Nandita. It is directed by Ram.
 Gang Leader is a 1991 Telugu crime film starring Chiranjeevi and Vijayashanti. Directed by Vijaya Bapineedu with soundtrack by Bappi Lahari and dance choreography by Prabhu Deva the film emerged as a musical blockbuster cult classic. Gang leader surpassed the gross of previous box office movie Jagadeka Veerudu Atiloka Sundari. It later dubbed in Tamil with same title.
 Summer in Tyrol (Danish: Sommer i Tyrol) is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Dirch Passer.
 El Hombre de las sorpresas is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Mr. Music is a 1950 film starring Bing Crosby and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Urban Explorer is a 2011 horror-thriller film directed by Andy Fetscher. The film is about urban exploration in subterranean Berlin.
 Pet Sematary Two (1992) is a horror film directed by Mary Lambert. The screenplay was written by Richard Outten. It is the sequel to the 1989 film Pet Sematary. The film stars Edward Furlong Anthony Edwards and Clancy Brown.
 Metal: A Headbanger's Journey is a 2005 documentary directed by Sam Dunn with Scot McFadyen and Jessica Wise. The film follows 31-year-old Dunn a Canadian anthropologist who has been a heavy metal fan since the age of 12. Dunn sets out across the world to uncover the various opinions on heavy metal music including its origins culture controversy and the reasons it is loved by so many people.
 Our Gang Follies of 1938 (later reissued as simply Follies of 1938) is a 1937 American musical short subject the 161st short subject entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang (Little Rascals) series.
 Streetwise is a 1984 documentary film by director Martin Bell. It followed in the wake of a July 1983 Life magazine article Streets of the Lost by writer Cheryl McCall and photographer Mary Ellen Mark Bell's wife.According to Mark's accompanying 1988 book eponymously titled Streetwise McCall and Mark traveled to Seattle specifically to reveal that even in a town that billed itself as America's most livable city there still existed rampant homelessness and desperation.
 Cafe X is a 1928 Norwegian crime film directed by Walter Fyrst starring Bengt Djurberg and Tove Tellback. It tells the story of journalist Karl Kraft (Djurberg) who uncovers a major weapon smuggling scheme going on in Oslo. Along the way he meets the waitress Lilly (Tellback) who is involved in the affair. He convinces her to abandon the plot and the two end up together.
 La masseria delle allodole (The Lark Farm) is a 2007 Italian film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani about the Armenian Genocide.
 Turtles Forever also known as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles Forever or TMNT: Turtles Forever is a 2009 American television film produced by 4Kids Entertainment and Mirage Studios.
 Varsity Show is a 1937 American musical film released by Warner Brothers Warner Bros.. The film was directed by William Keighley from a script by Jerry Wald Richard Macaulay Warren Duff and Sig Herzig. The movie features songs by Richard A. Whiting and many others. The finale was directed by Busby Berkeley.
 Return to Peyton Place is a 1961 drama film produced by Jerry Wald and directed by José Ferrer. The screenplay by Ronald Alexander is based on the 1959 novel Return to Peyton Place by Grace Metalious. The film is a sequel to Peyton Place. The film centers on the life and loves of bestselling author Allison MacKenzie who follows in the footsteps of her mother Constance by having an affair with a married man her publisher Lewis Jackman.
 Ruletero a toda marcha (Ruletero in Full Swing) is a 1962 Mexican film. It stars Eulalio González María Duval Norma Angélica and Sara García.
 Friday the 13th Part 2 is a 1981 American slasher film directed by Steve Miner who also directed its sequel Friday the 13th Part III. A sequel to the 1980 film Friday the 13th it is the second film in the Friday the 13th film series. It was a moderate box-office hit opening on May 1 1981 in first place. The film was the first to feature Jason Voorhees (Warrington Gillette doubled by Steve Daskawisz) as the main antagonist a trend which would be repeated for the rest of the series.
 Mother (Persian: مادر‎) is a 1991 Iranian drama film directed by Ali Hatami.
 Je te mangerais (literally I could eat you in English; marketed under the title You Will be Mine) is a French movie written and directed by Sophie Laloy.
 Nice People was a 1922 silent drama directed by William C. deMille and starring Wallace Reid and Bebe Daniels. The movie is based on the 1921 Broadway play Nice People by Rachel Crothers that had starred Tallulah Bankhead Francine Larrimore and Katharine Cornell. Vincent Coleman played Reid's part of the Captain. The film is now considered a lost film.
 L'arbitro is a 2013 comedy film directed by Paolo Zucca.The film was chosen as a pre-opener to the 10th edition of the Critic's Week Venice Days at the 70th Venice International Film Festival.
 Between Two Women (2000) is a 1950s set feature film by British writer-director Steven Woodcock. It tells the story of Ellen a factory worker’s wife trapped in an unhappy marriage amidst the grime and industrial noise of north England.
 Anandabhadram (Malayalam: അനന്തഭദ്രം) is a 2005 Malayalam romantic fantasy film based on the novel of the same name by Sunil Parameswaran. The film is the debut Malayalam film venture of director Santosh Sivan and actress Riya Sen. The story concerns ghosts spirits and black magic.The film was inspired by the paintings of Raja Ravi Varma Theyyam and Kathakali dance movements and Kalaripayattu martial art forms.
 Heeralal Pannalal is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy. The film is a Bollywood action comedy released in 1978. The movie starred Shashi Kapoor Randhir Kapoor Zeenat Aman and Neetu Singh in lead roles while Prem Nath Ajit Madan Puri Amjad Khan Asrani Kamini Kaushal Tun tun and Ranjeet also played significant characters in the film.
 Gogoler Kirti is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Pompi Ghosh Mukherjee and produced by Supratik Ghosh under the banner of Ishani Films. Based on the story Royraja Uddhar and Mahishmardini Uddhar by Samaresh Basu the film features child actor Ahijit Ghosh and Indraneil Sengupta in the lead roles. It is the sequel of 2013 film Goyenda Gogol. This film will release in 2014 summer vacation.
 Rites of Spring is a 2011 American horror film written and directed by Padraig Reynolds. It stars A. J. Bowen Sonny Marinelli and Katherine Randolph as kidnappers who encounter Anessa Ramsey an unrelated kidnapping victim who is fleeing a monster.
 Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold is a 1995 science fiction film starring J.J. North Ted Monte Tammy Parks Raelyn Saalman Nikki Fritz John Lazar Michelle Bauer Tim Abell and Jay Richardson. The film is a parody of Attack of the 50 Foot Woman (1958) but contains much nudity. The film was loosely remade in 2012 as Attack of the 50 Foot Cheerleader.
 The Olsen Gang in a Fix (Danish: Olsen-banden på spanden) is a 1969 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.
 Dave is a 1993 comedy-drama film directed by Ivan Reitman written by Gary Ross and starring Kevin Kline and Sigourney Weaver. Frank Langella Kevin Dunn Ving Rhames and Ben Kingsley appear in supporting roles.
 Zen is a 2007 drama-horror film written and directed by Gary Davis. Filmed in Florida it was released and screened at a Boyton Beach Florida cinema on April 12 2007. The DVD was released in North America on April 13 2007.
 La Calle del pecado is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Eazhaiyin Sirippil is a 2000 Tamil drama film.
 Das merkwürdige Verhalten geschlechtsreifer Großstädter zur Paarungszeit (English title – Love Scenes from Planet Earth) is a 1998 German romantic comedy film. It earned director Marc Rothemund a Bavarian Film Award for Best Young Director. It was the second highest grossing domestic film in Germany in 1998. The film is a comedy centering on the lives of eight Germans who long for sexual excitement.
 Pokrajina št. 2 (Landscape No. 2) is a 2008 Slovenian film directed by Vinko Möderndorfer. The film appeared at the 65th Venice International Film Festival. It won the best film award at the 11th Slovenian Film Festival.The film deals with crimes by the Yugoslav Partisans in 1945 in post-World War II Slovenia.
 Semesta Mendukung (The Universe Supports) often abbreviated Mestakung is a 2011 Indonesian children's film directed by John de Rantau. It follows a young Madurese boy as he searches for his mother through the International Physics Olympiad.
 The Black Sleep (1956) is an American black-and-white horror film scripted by John C. Higgins from a story by Gerald Drayson Adams developed for producers Aubrey Schenck and Howard W. Koch who had a four-picture finance-for-distribution arrangement with United Artists. The film was re-released in 1962 as Dr. Cadman's Secret. The film was directed by Reginald LeBorg and included in its starring cast Bela Lugosi in his last true film role.
 Scotland PA is a 2001 film directed and written by Billy Morrissette based on William Shakespeare's Macbeth. The film stars James LeGros Maura Tierney and Christopher Walken. Shakespeare's tragedy originally set in Dunsinane Castle in 11th Century Scotland is reworked as a dark comedy set in 1975 based around Duncan's Cafe a fast-food restaurant in the small town of Scotland Pennsylvania in Greene Township Pennsylvania.
 Kunku or Duniya Na Mane (The Unexpected) is a 1937 Hindi classic social drama film directed by V. Shantaram and based on the Marathi novel Na Patnari Goshta by Narayan Hari Apte who also wrote film’s screenplay.The movie went on to become both a critical and commercial success and was shown at the Venice International Film Festival.
 Hey Boy (Italian: Proibito rubare; also known as No Stealing and Guagilo) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Adolfo Celi.
 The Heart of Humanity is a 1918 American silent war propaganda film produced by Universal Pictures and directed by Allen Holubar. The film stars Dorothy Phillips William Stowell and Eric von Stroheim. A copy of the film is preserved at the EmGee Film Library and in private collections.
 The Band's Visit (Hebrew: ביקור התזמורת - Bikur Ha-Tizmoret) is a 2007 Israeli film directed by Eran Kolirin.The Band's Visit was Israel's original Foreign Language Film submission for the 80th Academy Awards but was rejected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because it contained over 50% English dialogue. Thus Israel sent Beaufort instead; Beaufort was finally included in the five final nominees.
 Tie a Yellow Ribbon is a 2007 award winning film by Korean-American director and writer Joy Dietrich.It portrays the complex emotions for young adult Asian American women through its main character Jenny as a Korean adoptee in America struggling thorough life and difficult relationships. It was filmed and takes place in New York City.It was aired on PBS television in the ITVS series in May 2008.
 To New Shores (German: Zu neuen Ufern) is a 1937 German drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Zarah Leander Willy Birgel and Viktor Staal. It was Leander's first film for the German studio UFA and its success brought her into the front rank of the company's stars. It was shot at the Babelsberg Studio in Berlin.
 Pidichirukku (English: I like it) is a 2008 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Kanagu starring Ashok Vishakha Singh Sampath Raj Ganja Karuppu and Saranya Ponvannan. The cinematography is by Tha. V. Rameswaran and Manu Ramesan scored the music. 'Pidichirukku' was the title which N. Linguswamy was about to use for his Run. Director Kanagu who was working as an assistant director with N. Linguswamy got the title from him. The film released during Pongal 2008 to mixed reviews.
 The Golden Age of Comedy (1957) is a compilation of silent comedy films from the Mack Sennett and Hal Roach studios written and produced by Robert Youngson. Youngson had previously produced several award-winning short documentaries beforehand and this was the first compilation of its kind in feature-length form.
 Haunted Spooks is a 1920 American silent comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and Mildred Davis.
 Machine Gun McCain (Italian: ''Gli intoccabili'' and also known as For a Price) is a 1969 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo based on the 1961 novel Candyleg by Ovid Demaris.
 Bōryoku no Machi (ペン偽らず　暴力の街) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Satsuo Yamamoto.
 For the Korean War battles see Battle of Pork Chop Hill.Pork Chop Hill is a 1959 Korean War film starring Gregory Peck Rip Torn and George Peppard. The film which was the final war film directed by Lewis Milestone is based upon the book by U.S. military historian Brigadier General S. L. A. Marshall. It depicts the first fierce Battle of Pork Chop Hill between the U.S. Army's 7th Infantry Division and Chinese and North Korean forces in April 1953.
 The Physician (German: Der Medicus) is a 2013 German adventure film based on the novel of the same name by Noah Gordon. The movie focuses on an orphan from 11th-century English town whose mother died of a mysterious illness. The boy vows to study medicine and decides to travel to Persia.
 Starman is a 1984 American romantic science fiction film directed by John Carpenter that tells the story of an alien (Jeff Bridges) who has come to Earth in response to the invitation found on the gold phonograph record installed on the Voyager 2 space probe.The original screenplay was written by Bruce A. Evans and Raynold Gideon with Dean Riesner doing uncredited re-writes. Bridges was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role.
 Blood Oath is a 1990 Australian feature film known in some countries as Prisoners of the Sun. The film is based on the real-life trial of Japanese soldiers for war crimes committed against Allied prisoners of war on the island of Ambon in the Netherlands East Indies (Indonesia) such as the Laha massacre of 1942.It was directed by Stephen Wallace and co-written by Denis Whitburn and Brian A. Williams.
 Mobsters and Mormons is a 2005 comedy film. It was written directed and produced by John Moyer who also plays a role in the film. It is also produced by Kurt Hale and Dave Hunter of Halestorm Entertainment.
 La Gota de sangre (The Drop of Blood) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Super Fly is a 1972 Blaxploitation film directed by Gordon Parks Jr. starring Ron O'Neal as Youngblood Priest an African American cocaine dealer who is trying to quit the underworld drug business.This film is known for its soundtrack written and produced by soul singer Curtis Mayfield (see Super Fly (soundtrack)).
 A Short Film About Love (Polish: Krótki film o miłości) is a Polish romantic drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Grażyna Szapołowska and Olaf Lubaszenko. Written by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz the film is about a young post office worker deeply in love with a promiscuous older woman who lives in an adjacent apartment building.
 Poochakkoru Mookkuthi (translation: A Nose-Ring for the Cat) is a 1984 screwball comedy Malayalam film written and directed by Priyadarshan with the story based on Charles Dickens's play The Strange Gentleman. The film features an ensemble cast featuring Mohanlal Shankar Menaka M G Soman Nedumudi Venu C.I. Paul Sukumari Baiju Jagathy Sreekumar Kuthiravattam Pappu and Sreenivasan.The film released in 1984 by Dinny Films was the debut of Indian director Priyadarshan.
 Adventures of Kitty O'Day is a 1945 American comedy mystery film directed by William Beaudine and starring Jean Parker Peter Cookson and Tim Ryan. It was a sequel to the 1944 film Detective Kitty O'Day. The two films were an attempt to create a new detective series but no further films were made. A third film Fashion Model (also directed by Beaudine) was made using a similar formula but with another actress playing a heroine with a different name.
 Tsukigata Hanpeita: Hana no maki; Arashi no maki (月形半平太　花の巻　嵐の巻) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa.
 Better Than Chocolate is a 1999 Canadian romantic comedy movie shot in Vancouver directed by Anne Wheeler.
 Varudu (Telugu: వరుడు) is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar. This film stars Allu Arjun Arya Suhasini Mani Ratnam Ashish Vidyarthi Sayaji Shinde and Brahmanandam. D.V.V. Danayya is the producer of the film. The film was dubbed into Malayalam as Varan and into Hindi as Ek aur Rakshak.
 Ghazal is a 1993 Malayalam film directed by Kamal. Vineeth and Mohini play the lead roles in the film and Thilakan appears in a supporting role. The film was blasted by the critics and was a box office disaster. But director Kamal considers the film close to his heart a film that took him to childhood memories. The film was produced by the famous serial script writer Late Bhasi Mankuzhi.
 Losing Chase is a 1996 American television film directed by Kevin Bacon in his directorial debut. It stars Helen Mirren Kyra Sedgwick and Beau Bridges. It debuted at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival. The film was created for Showtime where it appeared on August 18 though it was later given a limited theatrical release in December following its positive reception. The film is set on the island Martha's Vineyard. It was nominated for three awards at the 54th Golden Globe Awards.
 So Much So Fast is a documentary written and directed by Academy Award nominees Steven Ascher and Jeanne Jordan. This film premiered in competition at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and won the Audience Award at the Boston Independent Film Festival.
 Payback is a 1999 American crime thriller directed by Brian Helgeland and starring Mel Gibson. The film shares the same source material as the 1967 noir-classic Point Blank directed by John Boorman and starring Lee Marvin; both are based on the book The Hunter written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym of Richard Stark.The film was Helgeland's directorial debut after a career as a screenwriter.
 Buddy Boy is a 2000 psychological thriller film written and directed by Mark Hanlon. The film premiered to a standing ovation at the Venice International Film Festival on September 5 1999 in the Cinema del Presente section. It subsequently bowed at the Toronto International Film Festival (World Cinema section) and South by Southwest Film Festival before being released theatrically by Fine Line Features in North America on March 24 2000.
 The Lone Ranger is a 1938 American Republic Movie serial. It was the ninth of the sixty-six serials produced by Republic the fourth western (a third of Republic's serials were westerns) and the first of 1938.
 Tarzan and the Valley of Gold (1966) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his debut as Tarzan. This movie produced by Sy Weintraub written by Clair Huffaker and directed by Robert Day is remembered for its very James Bond-like portrayal of a tropical suited globetrotting Tarzan. It was released in July 1966.The novelisation by Fritz Leiber was the first authorised Tarzan novel by an author other than Edgar Rice Burroughs and was officially the 25th book in the series.
 Aa Raathri is a 1983 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Joshiy starring Mammootty Poornima Jayaram M. G. Soman and Lalu Alex. This was the director's first collaboration with Mammootty.
 The Englishman and the Girl was a 1910 short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film is currently presumed to be lost.
 Unofficially Yours (stylized as ÜnOfficially Yours) is a 2012 Filipino romantic film directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina starring John Lloyd Cruz and Angel Locsin. It was produced and released by Star Cinema. The film was released domestically on February 15 2012. It was third highest grossing Filipino film of 2012 and currently holds the 8th highest grossing Filipino film of all time.
 America's Sweethearts is a 2001 romantic comedy film directed by Joe Roth and written by Crystal and Peter Tolan. It stars Julia Roberts Billy Crystal John Cusack and Catherine Zeta-Jones with Hank Azaria Stanley Tucci Seth Green Alan Arkin and Christopher Walken in smaller roles.
 Les Compagnes de la nuit English: Companions of the Night is a French drama film from 1953 directed by Ralph Habib written by Paul Andréota starring Françoise Arnoul and Louis de Funès.
 The Man in Search of His Murderer (German: Der Mann der seinen Mörder Sucht) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Heinz Rühmann Lien Deyers and Raimund Janitschek.
 On Our Selection is a 1920 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on the Dad and Dave stories by Steele Rudd.
 The Muppet Musicians of Bremen (released on home video as Tales from MuppetLand: The Muppet Musicians of Bremen) is a 1972 television special that is an adaptation of Town Musicians of Bremen featuring The Muppets. It is directed and produced by The Muppet's creator Jim Henson. Kermit the Frog hosts the special.
 Strange Wilderness is a 2008 comedy-adventure film produced by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions for Paramount Pictures and starring Steve Zahn Allen Covert Justin Long Kevin Heffernan and Jonah Hill.
 Touch Me in the Morning is a 1999 Independent film written and directed by Giuseppe Andrews. Andrews who is better known for his roles in films such as Cabin Fever (in which he played the memorably quirky sheriff) and Detroit Rock City made the film with his friends and neighbors from the trailer park community he lives in he has since made numerous films and shorts with this same group of people as his regular cast.
 For other uses see Naked Angels (theater company)Naked Angels is a 1969 outlaw biker film directed by Bruce D. Clark. Starring Michael Greene as Mother Jennifer Gan as Marlene and Richard Rust as Fingers. Later documentary director Penelope Spheeris is a cast member in her first appearance as an actress. Actor Corey Fischer also appears in the cast.The distributor of this film called Favorite Films started out in business in 1913 during the era of silent movies.
 The Timid Young Man is a 1935 short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 TAG: The Assassination Game is a 1982 film directed by Nick Castle and starring Linda Hamilton in one of her first roles. It is based on the game Assassin. It was also released under the title Everybody Gets it in the End.
 President's Day is a 2010 comedy horror film directed by Chris LaMartina. The film follows a group of high school students being hunted by a madman in an Abraham Lincoln disguise. The film was released on President's Day 2010.
 The Super is a 1991 American comedy film starring Joe Pesci as a New York slum landlord sentenced to live in one of his own buildings until it is brought up to code. Screenwriter Nora Ephron co-scripted the story with Sam Simon. This is the last film in which Vincent Gardenia appeared.
 The Parson's Widow (Swedish: Prästänkan) aka The Witch Woman is a 1920 comedy drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer. The film is based on a story Prestekonen by Kristofer Janson.
 Martin Luther is a 1923 German silent historical film directed by Karl Wüstenhagen and starring Wüstenhagen Dary Holm and Anton Walbrook. The film depicts the life of the 16th century Christian reformer Martin Luther. It was shot at historic sites in Erfurt and the Wartburg.The film is still extant but only through copies intended for distribution outside Germany.
 The Great Bank Robbery is a 1969 Western comedy film from Warner Brothers directed by Hy Averback and written by William Peter Blatty based on the novel by Frank O'Rourke. The movie had a soundtrack with songs by Jimmy Van Heusen.
 Crooked Streets is a 1920 silent film drama/spy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is one of star Ethel Clayton's rare surviving silent films with a copy at the Library of Congress. The film is based on a short story Dinner at Eight by Samuel Merwin.
 New Kids Turbo sometimes promoted as New Kids: Turbo! is a Dutch film based on the television series New Kids. The film premiered on 6 December 2010 and was released in all Dutch cinemas on 9 December. It broke the Dutch record for receiving the highest audience figures on the opening evening. It is Comedy Central's first film to be produced outside the United States and also Paramount Pictures' first film to be produced by Comedy Central in the Netherlands.
 A Sainted Devil was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Rudolph Valentino. The film is considered to be lost.
 Buddy is a 1997 film directed by Caroline Thompson and produced by Columbia Pictures with help from Jim Henson Pictures. It starred Rene Russo as Mrs. Gertrude 'Trudy' Lintz and Robbie Coltrane as her husband.The film was based on the life of a gorilla called Massa with elements of Gertrude Lintz's other gorilla Gargantua (who was called Buddy at the time).
 Exposing Homelessness is a 2006 American documentary film created by Kerri Gawryn.
 Submarine is a 2010 British coming-of-age comedy-drama film adapted from the 2008 novel of the same name by Joe Dunthorne. The film was written and directed by Richard Ayoade and starred Craig Roberts Yasmin Paige Sally Hawkins Noah Taylor and Paddy Considine. Submarine is Ayoade's directorial debut.
 Alien Nation is a television show from the Fox Network which lasted a single season. Alien Nation: The Enemy Within (original airdate: November 12 1996) was the fourth television movie produced to continue the story after the premature cancellation of the series.Alien Nation: The Enemy Within was written by Dianne Frolov & Andrew Schneider and directed by Kenneth Johnson.
 Submarine Patrol is a 1938 film starring Richard Greene and Nancy Kelly. The supporting cast includes Preston Foster and George Bancroft. The movie was partly written by William Faulkner and directed by John Ford.
 Sword of the Bushido is a 1990 action film.
 Keep it Quiet is a 1933 British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Bertha Belmore Frank Pettingell Cyril Raymond and Davy Burnaby. Joe Puddlefoot becomes involved with criminals trying to steal valuable jade pieces belonging to the distinguished Sir Charles Goode.
 OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies (OSS 117 : Le Caire nid d'espions 2006) is a French comedy film directed by Michel Hazanavicius. It is a parody of the spy film genre. The film follows the exploits of a French secret agent OSS 117 in Cairo in 1955.
 Race for Your Life Charlie Brown is a 1977 animated film produced by United Feature Syndicate for Paramount Pictures directed by Bill Meléndez and the third in a series of films based on the Peanuts comic strip. It was the first Peanuts feature-length film produced after the death of composer Vince Guaraldi and used the same voice cast from the 1975 TV special You're a Good Sport Charlie Brown.
 Molester's Train: Melody of Wriggling Fingers (痴漢電車　うごめく指のメロディ Chikan Densha: Ugomeku Yubi no Merodi) is a 2008 Japanese pink film directed by Tetsuya Takehora. It won the award for Ninth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Pickup is a 1951 American film noir written and directed by Czech actor and filmmaker Hugo Haas. It was the first American film by Haas a refugee from Nazi Europe who went on to make a series of gloomy noirs about doomed middle-aged men led astray by younger femmes fatales. Haas also starred in the film alongside Beverly Michaels and Allan Nixon.
 Malibu High is a 1979 low budget exploitation film directed by Irvin Berwick and stars Jill Lansing.
 Hangmen Also Die! is a 1943 noir war film directed by the Austrian director Fritz Lang and written by John Wexley from a story by Bertolt Brecht and Lang. The film stars Hans Heinrich von Twardowski Brian Donlevy Walter Brennan Alexander Granach and Anna Lee and features Gene Lockhart and Dennis O'Keefe.
 Bullet is a Malayalam language film directed by Nizar and produced by Nazim Vellila under the banner of Malayil Movie International. It was released in 2008. The film received negative reviews and was a box office bomb.
 Disgrace is an Australian film set in South Africa adapted for the screen by Anna Maria Monticelli from the 1999 J. M. Coetzee novel Disgrace. The film premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival where it was awarded the Prize of the International Critics.The film was directed by Monticelli's husband Steve Jacobs and stars John Malkovich alongside South African actress Jessica Haines.
 Lili (1953) is an American film. An MGM release it stars Leslie Caron as a touchingly naïve French girl whose emotional relationship with a carnival puppeteer is conducted through the medium of four puppets.
 The Ball of Count Orgel (French: Le Bal du comte d'Orgel) is a French film from 1970. It was the last film directed by Marc Allégret who was also the producer of this film. It was screened at the 1970 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.
 Kalloori (English: College) is a Tamil language film by director Balaji Shakthivel. The movie was produced by Shankar's banner S Pictures and the story was based on the college campus featuring Tamannaah and debutant Akil. Audio was released under Shankar's own audio company S Musics; music was scored by Joshua Sridhar and lyrics were penned by Na. Muthukumar. The film was dubbed in Telugu language as Kalasala.
 Raja Nanna Raja (Kannada: ರಾಜ ನನ್ನ ರಾಜ) is a 1976 Kannada romance film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by A. L. Abbaiah Naidu. The film starred Rajkumar Aarathi and Chandrashekar in the lead roles. The songs composed by G. K. Venkatesh were received extremely well and considered as evergreen hits.The film deals with the reincarnation as main subject with the lead actors romancing in both the incarnations. The film was a huge success at the box-office after its release.
 Horror Express also known as Pánico en el Transiberiano/Panic on the Trans-Siberian Express is a 1972 Spanish/British horror film directed by Eugenio Martín and starring Christopher Lee Peter Cushing Alberto de Mendoza and Telly Savalas. It was produced by Bernard Gordon and written by Arnaud d'Usseau and Julian Zimet (credited as Julian Halevy).
 The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action and spy film loosely based on Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name. The film was directed by Paul Greengrass from a screenplay by Tony Gilroy. Universal Pictures released the film to theaters in the United States on July 23 2004. It is the second in the Bourne film series.
 Cooee and the Echo is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It is considered a lost film.
 The Impossible (Arabic: المستحيل‎ translit. El mustahil) is a 1966 Egyptian drama film directed by Hussein Kamal. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Respire is an upcoming French drama film based on the novel of the same name by Anne-Sophie Brasme. The film is directed by Mélanie Laurent and stars Lou de Laâge Joséphine Japy Isabelle Carré Claire Keim Roxane Duran and Alejandro Albarracín. It has been selected to be screened in the Semaine de la Critique section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Osterman Weekend is a 1983 suspense thriller film directed by Sam Peckinpah based on the novel of the same name by Robert Ludlum. The film stars Rutger Hauer John Hurt Burt Lancaster Dennis Hopper Meg Foster and Craig T. Nelson. It was Peckinpah's final film before his death in 1984.
 Napoléon is a 1927 epic silent French film directed by Abel Gance that tells the story of Napoleon's early years. On screen the title is Napoléon vu par Abel Gance meaning Napoleon as seen by Abel Gance. The film is recognised as a masterwork of fluid camera motion produced in a time when most camera shots were static.
 Hombre de la Esquina Rosada is a 1962 Argentine film directed by René Múgica based on the story by Jorge Luis Borges. It was shown at the Cannes and San Sebastián film festivals.Borges viewed the film favourably commenting he did a good job with the possibilities provided by the plot.
 Serenade for Two Spies (German:Serenade für zwei Spione) is a 1965 West German and Italian comedy film directed by Michael Pfleghar.
 Valley of the Wolves: Gladio (Turkish: Kurtlar Vadisi: Gladio) is a 2009 Turkish action film directed by Sadullah Şentürk. It follows the retired security intelligence agent İskender Büyük as he decides to strike back against his one-time employers by revealing all he knows about Gladio. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on November 20 2009 (2009-11-20) was the fifth highest grossing Turkish film of 2009.
 Athadu Aame O Scooter (English: He She and a Scooter) is a 2013 Tollywood Romantic-comedy film directed by Gangarapu Laxman and written by Jagadeesh Bagli. The film stars Vennela Kishore as the main lead for the first time in his career opposite Priyanka Chhabra as the female lead. The films also stars other comedians like Thagubothu Ramesh Prithviraj and Dhanraj. The film is produced by Amarendra Reddy under Pyramid Creations with Chinni Krishna scoring the music.
 Tokei - Adieu l'hiver (時計 Adieu l'Hiver) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Sō Kuramoto.
 Malayali is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by C. S. Sudheesh and starring Kalabhavan Mani.
 For Her Boy's Sake is a 1913 American silent short romantic drama directed by starring William Garwood Victory Bateman James Cruze William Russell and Marguerite Snow.
 Bugs Bunny: Superstar is a 1975 Looney Tunes documentary film narrated by Orson Welles and produced and directed by Larry Jackson. It was the first documentary to examine the history of the Warner Bros. cartoons and includes nine Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies cartoons which were previously released during the 1940s (and thus it can also be considered to be an anthology film): What's Cookin' Doc? (1944) - directed by Bob Clampett The Wild Hare (a.k.a.
 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the 2010/2011 two-part epic finale of the Harry Potter film series. Both Part 1 and Part 2 were directed by David Yates written by Steve Kloves and form the screen adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling.
 Ajantrik (known internationally as The Unmechanical The Mechanical Man or The Pathetic Fallacy) is a 1958 Indian Bengali film written and directed by parallel filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak. The film is adapted from a Bengali short story of the same name written by Subodh Ghosh.A comedy-drama film with science fiction themes it is one of the earliest Indian films to portray an inanimate object in this case an automobile as a character in the story.
 Europe '51 (Italian: Europa '51 Italian pronunciation: [euˈrɔpa tʃinkwanˈtuno] also known as The Greatest Love) is a 1952 Italian neorealist film directed by Roberto Rossellini starring Ingrid Bergman and Alexander Knox.
 Colonel Effingham's Raid (UK title: Man of the Hour) is a 1946 comedy film made by 20th Century Fox directed by Irving Pichel. It is also known as Berry Fleming's Colonel Effingham's Raid Everything's Peaches Down in Georgia and Rebel Yell. The screenplay was written by Kathryn Scola based on a 1943 novel by Berry Fleming. The music score is by Cyril J. Mockridge. The film stars Charles Coburn Joan Bennett William Eythe Allyn Joslyn and Elizabeth Patterson.
 The Reckoning is an upcoming Australian thriller film written and directed by John V. Soto starring Luke Hemsworth Viva Bianca Jonathan LaPaglia Hanna Mangan Lawrence and Alex Williams.
 Troublesome Night 4 is a 1998 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau. It is the fourth of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 The Rocky Road is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Frank Powell. Prints of the film survive in the film archives of the Library of Congress and the Museum of Modern Art.
 Out of the Shadows is a 2012 documentary produced by Sullivan Entertainment. The documentary features Dr. Joris Dik as he works toward re-attributing ‘Portrait of an Old Man with a Beard’ as a Rembrandt painting. The results of the process documented in the film were announced on December 2 2011 as the Rembrandt Research Project classified the ‘Old Man’ as a Rembrandt. The film is narrated by Donald Sutherland.
 Siri Sampadalu is a 1962 Telugu drama film. The ensemble cast film was directed by veteran P. Pullaiah.
 A Killing Affair is a 1986 drama film starring Peter Weller Kathy Baker John Glover Bill Smitrovich and Danny Nelson.This films was based on the novel Monday Tuesday Wednesday by Robert Houston.It was filmed in Juliette Georgia. The movie takes place in West Virginia.
 Go Lala Go! (simplified Chinese: 杜拉拉升职记; traditional Chinese: 杜拉拉陞職記; pinyin: Dù Lālā shēngzhí jì; literally Du Lala's promotion) is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film about a Chinese woman who learns how to balance a relationship and professional work in a work place. It is directed by Xu Jinglei who also plays the titular character and is based on a novel Du Lala's Promotion by Li Ke.
 Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Adam McKay starring Will Ferrell and written by McKay and Ferrell. The film also features John C. Reilly Sacha Baron Cohen Gary Cole Michael Clarke Duncan Leslie Bibb Jane Lynch and Amy Adams. Various Saturday Night Live alumni also make appearances. Real life NASCAR drivers like Jamie McMurray and Dale Earnhardt Jr.
 Has the World Gone Mad! is a 1923 American silent society drama film produced by Daniel Carson Goodman and distributed through Equity Pictures. Goodman also created the story and wrote the screenplay. It was directed by J. Searle Dawley.
 The Eye of the Needle (Italian: La smania addosso) is a 1962 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Marcello Andrei.
 Last Hippie Standing (2001) is a 45 min. documentary by the German filmmaker Marcus Robbin about Goa India. The film compares the sixties and seventies hippie era with the situation in 2000.The film works without commentary and consists of documentation of the ongoing party culture in Goa as well as private and previously unreleased Super 8 footage from the sixties and seventies in Goa filmed by Cleo Odzer.
 Dark Side of the Moon is a French mockumentary by director William Karel which originally aired on Arte in 2002 with the title Opération Lune. The basic premise for the film is the theory that the television footage from the Apollo 11 Moon landing was faked and actually recorded in a studio by the CIA with help from director Stanley Kubrick. It features some surprising guest appearances most notably by Donald Rumsfeld Dr.
 Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name is an animated television special from 1984 produced by Nelvana. This is the fifth to feature American Greetings character Strawberry Shortcake.
 Muppathu Vellikkasu (Mal: മുപ്പത് വെള്ളിക്കാശ് English title: Thirty pieces of silver) is an upcoming Christian film based on the life of Jesus Christ adapted from New Testament in the Bible. It is considered the most big budget Malayalam film ever made and first 3D film about Jesus. The film is intended for worldwide release in both 2D and 3D formats at Easter 2014.
 Along Came Auntie is a 1926 American silent film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Messenger is a 2009 war drama film starring Ben Foster Woody Harrelson Steve Buscemi Jena Malone and Samantha Morton. It is the directorial debut of Oren Moverman who also wrote the screenplay with Alessandro Camon.The film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and was in competition at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for Best Screenplay and the Berlinale Peace Film Award '09.
 Zenne Dancer is a 2012 Turkish drama film directed by Caner Alper.
 Chains of Gold is a 1991 Made-for-TV action film starring and co-written by John Travolta. It was directed by Rod Holcomb and included one of the early performances of Joseph Lawrence who was nominated for Young Artist Award for his role in the movie.The film was released as a direct-to-cable in United States and had theatrical distribution in Germany. Producers released it to the DVD after seven years from release of the film on December 15 1998.The film was shot in Miami Florida USA.
 The Shanghai Drama (French: Le drame de Shanghaï) is a 1938 French drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
 Frog Song (かえるのうた Kaeru no uta) originally released as Paid Companionship Story: Girls Who Want to Do It (援助交際物語　したがるオンナたち Enjo-kōsai monogatari: shitagaru onna-tachi) is a 2005 Japanese Pink film directed by Shinji Imaoka. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Climates (Turkish: İklimler) is a 2006 Turkish drama film directed by Nuri Bilge Ceylan. The film charts the deteriorating relationship between a professional Istanbul couple İsa and Bahar played by Ceylan and his wife Ebru Ceylan. It was Ceylan's first film shot on High-definition video.
 The Boy Who Stopped Talking or De Jongen Die niet meer Praatte is a 1996 Dutch film directed by Ben Sombogaart.
 Hot and Naked also known as Thrill Seekers (French: Quand les filles se déchaînent) is a 1974 French erotic and action film directed by Guy Maria.
 While She Was Out is a 2008 American thriller film starring Kim Basinger and Lukas Haas. Basinger plays a suburban housewife who is forced to fend for herself when she becomes stranded in a desolate forest with four murderous thugs. It was written and directed by film producer Susan Montford based on a short story by Edward Bryant. The film was produced by Mary Aloe and Don Murphy. Its executive producers included Guillermo del Toro and Basinger.
 Codice privato (internationally released as Private Access and Secret Access) is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Maselli. For this film Ornella Muti was awarded with a Silver Ribbon for best actress.
 Loren Cass is a feature-length motion picture directed by 21-year-old independent film-maker Chris Fuller about adolescents coming to terms with their lives in St. Petersburg Florida after the 1996 riots there. The film took ten years to complete.The story follows three central characters (Nicole Jason and Cale) and several secondary ones (The Suicide Kid The Punk Kid and The Fight Kid among others) through the aftermath of the '96 riots and features several notable St.
 Conduct Unbecoming is a 1975 British drama film an adaptation of the Barry England play Conduct Unbecoming first staged in 1969. It was directed by Michael Anderson and starred an ensemble cast of actors including Michael York Richard Attenborough and Trevor Howard.
 The Solitude of Prime Numbers (Italian: La solitudine dei numeri primi) is a 2010 Italian drama film based on the novel of the same name by Paolo Giordano and directed by Saverio Costanzo. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.The title is explained by arguing that Mattia and Alice are like twin primes: both lonely close to each other but separated by an even number.
 Peter schießt den Vogel ab is a 1959 West German film directed by Géza von Cziffra.
 Pledge Night is an independent film-slasher-suspense movie. It was directed by Paul Ziller. The film is notable for the antagonist Sid played in a flashback by Anthrax lead singer Joey Belladonna.
 Night Beat is a 1931 American crime film directed by George B. Seitz.
 The Bengali Night (French: La nuit Bengali) is a 1988 semi-autobiographical film based upon the Mircea Eliade 1933 Romanian novel Bengal Nights directed by Nicolas Klotz and starring Hugh Grant and the Indian actors Soumitra Chatterjee Supriya Pathak and Shabana Azmi.
 Duchacek Will Fix It (Czech: Ducháček to zařídí) is a Czech comedy film directed by Karel Lamač. It was released in 1938.
 Charandas is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by B.S. Thapa.
 Vaaraayo Vennilaave (Tamil: வாராயோ வெண்ணிலாவே ) is an upcoming Indian Tamil romance film written and directed by debutant R. Sashidharan. Produced by Abhishek Films the film has Attakathi Dinesh and Haripriya in the lead.
 Louisiana Story (1948) is a 78-minute black-and-white American film. Although the events and characters depicted are fictional it is often misidentified as a documentary film when in fact it is a docufiction. The script was written by Frances H. Flaherty and Robert J. Flaherty directed by Robert J. Flaherty and was commissioned by the Standard Oil Company.
 The Blackout is an independent film directed by Matt Hish. The film premiered at the Laemmle Theatre in North Hollywood on August 26 2013. The film stars Michael Graziadei Scott Rosa Flood Reed and Autumn Federici.
 And Love Has Vanished (Serbian: Dvoje) is a 1961 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Deceivers is a 1988 adventure film directed by Nicholas Meyer. It stars Pierce Brosnan and Saeed Jaffrey. The film is based on the 1952 John Masters novel of the same name.
 Another Perfect Stranger is a 2007 film sequel to the 2005 Christian film The Perfect Stranger. It stars Jefferson Moore (reprising his role as The Stranger) and Ruby Marie Lewis as Sarah Cominsky the grown daughter of Nikki. It has another sequel The Perfect Gift. It was based largely on David Gregory's novel Day with a Perfect Stranger with a few minor plot changes.
 Merry-Go-Round (1923) is a feature film by Erich von Stroheim and his replacement Rupert Julian starring Norman Kerry and Mary Philbin and released by Universal Pictures.
 King Cat is a 1967 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers martial arts film. The Chinese title is exactly the same as the 19th century wuxia classic The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants which the film was based on. The English title refers to the nickname the protagonist Zhan Zhao was conferred in the film.
 De Big van het Regiment is a 1935 Dutch film directed by Max Nosseck.
 Mekhong Full Moon Party (Thai: 15 ค่ำ เดือน 11; RTGS: Sip Ha Kham Duean Sip Et; literally The 15th Day of the 11th Month) is a 2002 Thai comedy-drama about the Naga fireballs that arise from the Mekong at Nong Khai on the full moon in October.
 Mugavaree (English: Address) is a 2000 Tamil drama film directed by V. Z. Durai and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film features Ajith Kumar in the lead role as a struggling musician with Jyothika Raghuvaran Vivek and K.Vishwanath playing supporting roles. The music is composed by Deva whilst the film featured award-winning cinematrography by P. C.
 The House on Sorority Row (original UK title: House of Evil) is a 1983 American slasher film directed by Mark Rosman. The film has become a cult classic among fans of the genre.
 Ju-on: Beginning of the End (呪怨: 終わりの始まり Ju-on: Owari no Hajimari) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese horror film and the seventh installment of the Ju-on franchise. The film was written and directed by Masayuki Ochiai and produced by Takashige Ichinose.
 Secrets of Nature is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 20000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1997 television film produced by Village Roadshow Pictures based on the novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne.
 For the Crown is a 1913 American silent short film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston. The drama stars Charlotte Burton Helen Armstrong J. Warren Kerrigan Louise Lester George Periolat Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
 Valhalla Rising is a 2009 Danish film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn starring Mads Mikkelsen. The film takes place in 1000 AD and follows a Norse warrior named One-Eye and a boy as they travel with a band of Christian Crusaders in pursuit of a Crusade. Instead they find themselves in an unknown and unfamiliar land. The film was shot entirely in Scotland. Title is derived from the combination of Kenneth Anger's Scorpio Rising and Lucifer Rising with a Viking-theme.
 The First Wives Club is a 1996 comedy film based on the best-selling 1992 novel of the same name by Olivia Goldsmith. Narrated by Diane Keaton it stars Keaton Goldie Hawn and Bette Midler as three divorced women who seek revenge on their ex-husbands who left them for younger women.
 The Convicted (German: Die Vorbestraften) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Eugen Klöpfer Margarete Schlegel and Albert Steinrück. The film portrays a group of former prisoners who struggle to reintegrate into society.
 For the 2010 British film by Peter Mullan see Neds (film).Ned (2003) is an Australian film directed by Abe Forsythe. It is satire of Australian outlaw Ned Kelly and his iconographical status as a hero.The film was released in the same year as Ned Kelly starring Heath Ledger.In November 2006 on Vega FM host Shaun Micallef called Ned The funniest Australian film made in the last ten years.
 Laughology is a 2009 documentary film about the contagiousness of human laughter by Canadian filmmaker and Laughologist Albert Nerenberg. It is the first feature length documentary about laughter. The documentary makes the case that laughter is the original peace signal and the human ability to share and transmit laughter may have been key to the rise of human civilization.
 DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story commonly referred to as DodgeBall is a 2004 American sports comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox and Red Hour Productions written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. The film focuses on a rivalry between the owners of Average Joe's a small gym and Globo-Gym a competing big-budget gym located across the street.
 Yaaga Saalai is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film starring Vadivukkarasi in lead role. The film's music was given by Vijayaramani who is famous as actor TS. Raghavendra who played Revathi' s father in Vaidehi Kathirunthal.
 Citizen Duane is a 2006 Canadian comedy film.
 The Arena (also known as the Naked Warriors) is a 1974 gladiator exploitation film starring Margaret Markov and Pam Grier and directed by Steve Carver and an uncredited Joe D'Amato. Grier and Markov portray female gladiators in ancient Rome who have been enslaved and must fight for their freedom. This marks the second teaming of Grier and Markov; in 1972 they starred together in the women in prison film Black Mama White Mama.
 Skateland is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Anthony Burns. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2010. The film was released in the United States on May 13 2011 with distribution by Freestyle Releasing. The film stars Shiloh Fernandez Ashley Greene Brett Cullen James LeGros Taylor Handley and Haley Ramm.The film is dedicated to the memory of John Hughes who directed teen films throughout the 1980s.
 The Poor & Hungry is a 2000 American independent drama written and directed by Craig Brewer. It stars Eric Tate Lake Latimer Lindsay Roberts John Still T.C. Sharpe and Wanda Wilson.The film shot in Memphis Tennessee launched Brewer's career as a writer and director. Brewer used the experience of making the film as inspiration for the story in the Academy Award-winning Hustle & Flow.
 Live Nude Girls is a 1995 comedy film featuring Dana Delany Kim Cattrall Cynthia Stevenson Laila Robins Olivia d'Abo and others. The film writer and director Julianna Lavin plays the role of a minor character.
 Bram Stoker's Dracula is a 1973 television adaptation of Bram Stoker's 1897 novel Dracula written by Richard Matheson and directed by Dark Shadows creator Dan Curtis with Jack Palance in the title role. It was the second collaboration for both Curtis and Palance since the 1968 TV film Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 My Irish Molly is a 1938 British musical film directed by Alex Bryce and starring Binkie Stuart Tom Burke and Maureen O'Hara. A young orphan runs away from her mean-spirited guardian to live with her aunt. O'Hara appeared in the film under her real name of Maureen FitzSimons.
 Three on a Meathook is a 1972 horror film written and directed by William Girdler and was based loosely on the real-life story of Ed Gein. The film stars Charles Kissinger James Pickett and Sherry Steiner.
 Love Crime (French: Crime d'amour) is a 2010 French psychological suspense thriller starring Ludivine Sagnier and Kristin Scott Thomas. It is the last film directed by Alain Corneau and was released posthumously after the director's death from cancer.
 Ajintha Marathi: अजिन्ठा is a marathi movie directed by acclaimed art filmmaker Nitin Chandrakant Desai. It narrates a love story between a Marathi buddhist tribal Paro (Sonalee Kulkarni) and British artist major (Wallace) while the artist visits India to paint the historical monuments and scriptures. It also showcases the historic Ajanta caves and the beautiful scriptures on the walls of the caves depicting the ancient Buddhist culture.
 Take a Chance is a 1937 British comedy sports film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Claude Hulbert Binnie Hale and Henry Kendall. It depicts farcical events in the horse racing world.
 Pueblerina is a 1949 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 True Blue is a 2001 film written and directed by J.S. Cardone.
 Ugly Dirty and Bad (Brutti sporchi e cattivi) is an Italian grotesque film directed by Ettore Scola and released in 1976.It won the Prix de la Mise en scène at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. Nino Manfredi plays the main protagonist.
 Guni-Guni is a 2012 Filipino horror film under Regal Entertainment. It stars Lovi Poe and Benjamin Alves. The film is directed by Tara Illenberger.
 Star Trek Generations is a 1994 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. Generations is the seventh feature film in the Star Trek franchise.
 The Chasers (Norwegian: Jakten) is a 1959 Norwegian film directed by Erik Løchen. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Saddle the Wind (1958) is a Western film directed by Robert Parrish written by Rod Serling and produced by Armand Deutsch. It was filmed in Metrocolor and CinemaScope.
 Choy Lee Fut known as Fight the Fight in the USA is a 2011 Hong Kong action film directed by Tony Law and Sam Wong starring Sammo Hung Yuen Wah Sammy Hung Kane Kosugi and Stephen Wong with special appearances by Lau Kar-wing and Dennis To.
 Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man is a 1991 action film starring Mickey Rourke and Don Johnson. The film was written by Don Michael Paul and directed by Simon Wincer.The film was a critical and financial failure earning only $7 million at the domestic box office (the budget was estimated at $23 million). It became a cult classic following its release to video. It promoted a male biker stereotype.
 Juárez y Maximiliano (English:Juárez and Maximiliano) is a 1934 Mexican historical drama film directed by Miguel Contreras Torres and Raphael J. Sevilla. The film is set during the French intervention in Mexico during the 1860s and features the battle between Maximilian I of Mexico and Benito Juárez a theme used in the later 1939 American film Juarez.
 Thenmavin Kombath (English: Atop the Sweet Mango Tree) is a 1994 Malayalam musical drama film written and directed by Priyadarshan produced and edited by N. Gopalakrishnan and starring Mohanlal Shobana Nedumudi Venu Kaviyoor Ponnamma KPAC Lalitha Sukumari Sreenivasan Sankaradi and Sharat Saxena. The cinematography was by K. V. Anand and the score was composed by S. P. Venkatesh with Berny-Ignatius doing the songs with lyrics written by Gireesh Puthenchery. K. V.
 All Woman is a 1918 comedy film directed by Hobart Henley starring Mae Marsh and Jere Austin.
 Zakhmee is a 1975 Hindi movie. Produced by Tahir Hussain the film is directed by Raja Thakur. The film stars Sunil Dutt Asha Parekh Rakesh Roshan Reena Roy Tariq Helen Johnny Walker Iftekhar Vijaykanth and Agha. The film's music is by Bappi Lahiri. The film did above average business at the box office.[1]
 All Things Fair (Swedish: Lust och fägring stor literally Great Lust and Beauty) is a 1995 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg about a sexual relationship between a teacher and her 15 year old student in southern Sweden during World War II. Bo Widerberg's son Johan Widerberg stars as the boy and Marika Lagercrantz plays the teacher.
 Operation Crossroads was a series of two nuclear weapon tests conducted by the United States at Bikini Atoll in mid-1946. They were the first nuclear weapon tests since Trinity in July 1945 and the first detonations of nuclear devices since the atomic bombing of Nagasaki on August 9 1945.
 Njangal Santhushtaranu is a 1999 Malayalam film made in India starring Jayaram.
 The Day is a 1960 short film co-written and directed by Peter Finch. It is a fictionalized documentary on a young boy's life on the Spanish island of Ibiza.
 A Mighty Wind is a 2003 American mockumentary comedy-drama film about a folk music reunion concert in which three folk bands must reunite for a television performance for the first time in decades. The film was directed co-written and composed by Christopher Guest.
 Under Siege is a 1992 American action film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Steven Seagal as a former Navy SEAL who must stop a group of mercenaries led by Tommy Lee Jones and Gary Busey on a U.S. Navy battleship. It is Seagal's most successful film in critical and financial terms including two Academy Award nominations.Under Siege was followed by a 1995 sequel Under Siege 2: Dark Territory.
 Garfield Gets Real (also known as Garfield 3D in some regions) is a 2007 CGI movie starring Garfield. It was produced by Paws Inc. in cooperation with Davis Entertainment and The Animation Picture Company and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was written by Garfield's creator Jim Davis who started working on the script in the fall of 1996.
 Aaina (Hindi: आइना; translation: Mirror) is a 1977 Indian Bollywood film starring Mumtaz in the lead roles and A. K. Hangal Nirupa Roy Lalita Pawar Jayasudha and Madan Puri in support roles. The music is given by Naushad.This film has a special appearance by Rajesh Khanna. The 2007 film Laaga Chunari Mein Daag has a similar plot to that of Aaina with Rani Mukerji reprising Mumtaz's role as a prostitute. The film is directed by director K. Balachander.
 Hadh: Life on the Edge of Death is a 2001 Bollywood film directed by Thampi Kannanthanam and produced by Sandeep D. Shinde. It stars Jackie Shroff Sharad Kapoor Ayesha Jhulka and Suman Ranganathan in pivotal roles.
 Bala Gau Kashi Angai is a Marathi movie released on 4 April 1977. The movie has been produced by M.S.Salvi and directed by Kamlakar Torne. The plot is based on love sacrifice and the extent one would go to for a friend.
 Hoffmaniada (Russian: Гофманиа́да; Gofmaniada) is a stop motion-animated feature film from Russian studio Soyuzmultfilm. The concept and all of the art design was done by Mikhail Shemyakin and it is being directed by Stanislav Sokolov.It will be based on the tales of E. T. A. Hoffmann. The film will use puppet animation exclusively and will avoid using computer animation for special effects.
 On the Top of the Cherry Tree (Bulgarian: Горе на черешата / Gore na chereshata) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1984 directed by Mariana Evstatieva — Biolcheva starring Veselin Prahov Todor Trankarov Konstantin Kotsev and Anton Gorchev.The movie is in the scope of the so-called “Childhood genre” featuring children in the main parts.
 Those Happy Years (Italian: Anni felici) is a 2013 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Loved is a 1997 film directed by Erin Dignam and starring Robin Wright Penn and William Hurt
 Amarcord is a 1973 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini a semi-autobiographical coming-of-age tale about Titta an adolescent boy growing up among an eccentric cast of characters in the village of Borgo San Giuliano (situated near the ancient walls of Rimini) in 1930s Fascist Italy.
 It (also referred to as Stephen King's IT) is a 1990 horror/drama miniseries based on Stephen King's novel of the same name. The story revolves around an inter-dimensional predatory life-form which has the ability to transform itself into its prey's worst fears allowing it to exploit the phobias of its victims. It mostly takes the form of a sadistic wisecracking clown called Pennywise the Dancing Clown.
 Caprice Italian Style (Italian: Capriccio all'italiana) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by six different directors including Mario Monicelli and Pier Paolo Pasolini.
 Take It Easy is a 2011 Kannada film in the comedy genre starring Anant Nag Shashi Kumar and Sanjana in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by Anantha Padmanabha and produced by Nargis Babu . The film is released on 25 February 2011.
 The Brotherhood VI: Initiation is the sixth of the Brotherhood series of homoerotic horror films that started with The Brotherhood directed by David DeCoteau and was released in 2010.
 Guilt is a 1931 British romance film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring James Carew Anne Grey Harold Huth and James Fenton. In the film the wife of a playwright has an affair with an actor.
 Bite Me Fanboy is a 2005 movie by filmmaker Mat Nastos. It is a comedic look at the culture of comic book fandom.Originally shot in 2001 on a microbudget the film became known through screenings at comic book conventions. The film's cast and crew was made up of various comic book professionals including Shon Bury Landry Walker and Mat Nastos.The theme song for Bite Me Fanboy was written and performed by Ookla the Mok specifically for the movie.
 Friends (Russian: Друзья) is a 1938 Soviet film directed by Lev Arnshtam.
 Via Castellana Bandiera is a 2013 Italian drama film directed by Emma Dante. It was screened in the main competition section at the 70th Venice International Film Festival. Elena Cotta won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress.
 Adão e Eva is a 1995 Portuguese film directed by Joaquim Leitão.
 Yogoreta Nikutai Seijo (汚れた肉体聖女) is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Michiyoshi Doi.
 Under the Southern Cross (Italian:Sotto la croce del sud) is a 1938 Italian drama film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Antonio Centa Doris Duranti and Enrico Glori. The film is set in Italian-occupied Abyssinia following the recent Italian victory there. It was one of a sequence of eight films set in Italy's African Empire during the Fascist era that were released between 1936 and 1939.
 Un sacco bello internationally released as Fun Is Beautiful is a 1980 Italian comedy film. The film produced by Sergio Leone marked the directorial debut of Carlo Verdone as well his debut as main actor and as screenwriter. For this film Verdone won a special David di Donatello Awards and the Nastro d'Argento for best new actor.
 Civilian Clothes is a surviving 1920 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It stars Thomas Meighan and was directed by Hugh Ford. This film is based on a Broadway play Civilian Clothes by Thompson Buchanan. Thurston Hall played Meighan's part in the play. It is preserved at Gosfilmofond Russian Archives.
 The Stone Killer is a 1973 film starring Charles Bronson directed by Michael Winner. It came out in between The Mechanic and Death Wish all three of which teamed up actor/director Bronson and Winner. Norman Fell and John Ritter appear as cops in this film not too long before the TV series Three's Company. Character actor Stuart Margolin plays a significant role; he also appeared in Death Wish.
 Before the Mountain Was Moved is a 1970 American documentary film produced by Robert K. Sharpe. The film portrays the struggle by the inhabitants of Raleigh County West Virginia to preserve their land from the ravages of strip mining and their efforts to pass state legislation to this end. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Quartet is a 1981 Merchant Ivory Film starring Isabelle Adjani Maggie Smith Anthony Higgins and Alan Bates set in 1927 Paris. It premiered at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival and was an entry for the Selection Officielle (Official Selection). It was adapted from the novel by the same name by Jean Rhys.
 Ira and Abby is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by Robert Cary and released in the US by Magnolia Pictures. The poignant love story stars Chris Messina and Jennifer Westfeldt (who also wrote the screenplay) in the title roles and co-stars Fred Willard Frances Conroy Jason Alexander Robert Klein and Judith Light.
 Wake Up and Live is a 1937 Fox musical film directed by Sidney Lanfield and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. The movie stars Walter Winchell Ben Bernie and Alice Faye and was based upon the self-help bestseller by Dorothea Brande. The film was followed by Love and Hisses (1937).
 Idhayak Kamalam (Tamil: இதயக் கமலம்; English: Heart Lotus) is a 1965 Indian Tamil film directed by Srikanth. Produced by L. V. Prasad under Prasad Productions the film stars Ravichandran and K. R. Vijaya in the lead.
 Bhakta Prahlad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Nagai Go World: Maboroshi Panty VS Henchin Pokoider (永井豪ワールド まぼろしパンティVSへんちんポコイダー nagai gou wa^rudo maboroshi pantei vs henchin pokoida^) is a Japanese tokusatsu erotic-comedy film based in some works of Go Nagai. Directed by Minoru Kawasaki it was produced and distributed by Total Media Corporation (TMC) and released in 2004.
 Stagecoach Kid is a 1949 Western film starring Tim Holt. It was one of a number of B-Westerns Holt made for RKO.
 A Trip to Chinatown is a 1926 silent film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and starring Margaret Livingston. The supporting cast includes Anna May Wong and Charles Farrell. The movie was scripted by Beatrice Van from Charles Hale Hoyt's hit Broadway musical of the same name and directed by Robert P. Kerr.Livingston played the Woman from the City the following year in F. W.
 Mulligans (2008) is a romantic drama film written by actor/writer Charlie David and directed by Chip Hale. The settings and characters of the film were American but all were portrayed by Canadian actors.
 Hot Young Bloods (Hangul: 피끓는 청춘; RR: Pikkeulneun Cheongchun; lit. Blood Boiling Youth) is a 2014 South Korean teen romantic comedy film that depicts the loves rivalries and friendships between four high school students in Hongseong County South Chungcheong Province in the 1980s.
 Bodas de cristal is a 1975 Argentine film. It was released in 1983.
 The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith is a 1978 Australian drama film directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Tom E. Lewis (billed at the time as Tommy Lewis) Freddy Reynolds and Ray Barrett. It is an adaptation of the novel The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith by Thomas Keneally.The story is about an exploited Aborigine who commits murder and goes into hiding.
 Giovanni's Island (ジョバンニの島 Giovanni no Shima) is a 2014 Japanese anime film directed by Mizuho Nishikubo and produced by Production I.G and co-produced and presented by the Japan Association of Music Enterprises (JAME) .
 Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co-written by Berengar Pfahl that is an an account of members of the crew of the SMS Emden making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos. The film was shot in Greece Sri Lanka Tunisia Malta and Germany and appeared as both a miniseries and a feature film
 The Kelly Gang is an Australian feature length film about the Australian bush ranger Ned Kelly. The film was released in 1920 and is the second film to be based on the life of Ned Kelly the first being The Story of the Kelly Gang released in 1906.
 Hard Target is a 1993 American action film directed by Chinese director John Woo. The film stars Jean-Claude Van Damme as Chance Boudreaux an out-of-work Cajun merchant seaman who saves a young woman Natasha Binder (Yancy Butler) from a gang of thugs in New Orleans. Chance learns that Binder is searching for her missing father (Chuck Pfarrer) and agrees to aid Binder in her search.
 The Grotesque (also known as Grave Indescretion and Gentlemen Don't Eat Poets) is a 1995 British film by John-Paul Davidson adapted from the 1989 novel of the same name by Patrick McGrath. It stars Alan Bates Lena Headey Theresa Russell and Sting.Academy Award-winning Costume Designer Colleen Atwood worked on the film and McGrath's wife actress Maria Aitken performed in a supporting role.
 Chung Kuo Cina (original title) is a 1972 Italian documentary directed by Michelangelo Antonioni. It focuses primarily on the lives of contemporary working class Chinese people.
 The Warning is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Reginald Fogwell and starring Percy Marmont Fern Andra and Anne Grey. It is also known by the alternative title Introspection. It was made at Welwyn Studios. It was originally released silent but in 1930 it was re-released with added sound. A mother tries to persuade her daughter from eloping.
 The Lost Language of Cranes is a 1991 British television film directed by Nigel Finch. Made by the BBC for their Screen Two series; it is an adaptation of the 1986 novel of the same name by David Leavitt.Whereas the novel is set in New York with American characters the film takes place in London. Though most of the characters in the film are British the characters of Elliot Geoffrey and Winston are American and the story is essentially that of the novel.
 Alien Lockdown is a television movie that premiered on the Sci-Fi Channel on February 7 2004. The movie was directed by Tim Cox. On SciFi UK the film was shown under the title Creature.
 Due pezzi di pane internationally released as Happy Hobos is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti.
 La Grande rinuncia is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Aldo Vergano.
 Ju-on: The Grudge is a 2002 Japanese horror film written and directed by Takashi Shimizu. This film is the third installment in the Ju-on series and the first film to be theatrically released (the first two entries being direct-to-video productions). Contrary to popular belief the film is not a remake of the first two V-Cinema films but rather a sequel.
 Mundhanai Mudichu (English: Saree Knot) is a 1983 Tamil film directed and acted by K. Bhagyaraj along with Urvasi in the lead roles. The movie marked the debut of Urvashi in Tamil cinema.It was remade in Telugu as Moodu Mullu with Chandramohan and Radhika and the original was dubbed in Telugu as Vaadante Pelli. The film was a blockbuster and was remade in Hindi as Masterji in the year 1985 with Rajesh Khanna and Sridevi in lead roles.
 Majority (Turkish: Çoğunluk) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Seren Yüce which tells the story of a middle class young man rebelling against his father's brutish authority while seeking a rough romance with a woman of ethnic minority.
 The Last Trackers of the Outback is a 2007 documentary film about Aboriginal trackers in Australia.The documentary co-directed by Eric Ellena and Vanessa Escalante won the Public’s Choice Award 2008 FIFO - Pacific International Documentary Film Festival of Tahiti.The films tells the story of the last of the native Aboriginal trackers in Australia and documents their unique tracking capacities and the usefulness of their tracking skills for example in cattle breeding and in police investigations. 
 Super (Telugu: సూపర్) is a 2005 Telugu film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna Ayesha Takia Sonu Sood and Anushka Shetty. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Sandeep Chowta. The film was also dubbed into Hindi and was titled Robbery.
 Carry On Cowboy is the eleventh in the series of Carry On films to be made. It was released in 1965 and was the first film to feature series regulars Peter Butterworth and Bernard Bresslaw. Series regulars Sid James Kenneth Williams Jim Dale Charles Hawtrey and Joan Sims all feature and Angela Douglas makes the first of her four appearances in the series.
 Essex Boys is a 2000 British crime film. It was directed by Terry Winsor and stars Sean Bean Alex Kingston Tom Wilkinson Charlie Creed-Miles and Holly Davidson.
 The Battle of Algiers (Italian: La battaglia di Algeri; Arabic: معركة الجزائر‎; French: La Bataille d'Alger) is a 1966 war film based on occurrences during the Algerian War (1954–62) against The French Government in North Africa the most prominent being the titular Battle of Algiers. An Italo-Algerian production it was directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and shot on location.
 Deadly Friend is a 1986 science fiction-horror cult film directed by Wes Craven. It is based on the novel Friend by Diana Henstell which was adapted for the screen by Bruce Joel Rubin.Originally the movie was a sci-fi thriller without any graphic scenes with a bigger focus on plot and a dark love story which were not typical aspects of Craven's previous films.
 Britannic is a 2000 romantic drama TV film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and produced for cable network Fox Family. It is a fictional account of the sinking of His Majesty's Hospital Ship Britannic off the Greek island of Kea in November 1916 that explores the theory that a German agent sabotaged the ocean liner which then served as a hospital ship for the British Army.
 Valu is a 2008 comedy Marathi film directed by Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni. The film featured in various international film festivals as The Wild Bull. It also became the first Marathi film to be selected in Rotterdam International Film Festival 2008 Holland.
 Sharknado 2: The Second One is an upcoming disaster B movie and a sequel to the 2013 film Sharknado. Anthony C. Ferrante will be returning to direct and actors Tara Reid and Ian Ziering will reprise their roles from the first film. Also joining the cast are Vivica A. Fox Kelly Osbourne Benjy Bronk Judah Friedlander Andy Dick and former WWE superstar Kurt Angle. The film is scheduled for a release on July 31 2014.
 America Abbayi is a 1987 Telugu thriller film produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao. The crossover cinema directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao was entirely shot in New York Hurley Medical Center Detroit and Chicago in theUnited States.
 Peeples is a 2013 American comedy film written and directed by Tina Gordon Chism and co-produced by Tyler Perry. It stars Craig Robinson and Kerry Washington and was released by Lionsgate on May 10 2013. The film closed in theaters on June 13 2013.
 A One Man Show is a long-form music video collection featuring American singer Grace Jones released in 1982. The video mainly consists of music videos with some concert footage filmed when Jones was touring with the eponymous tour.
 Le Premier Cercle (French pronunciation: ​[lə pʁəmje sɛʁkl] The First Circle) also known as Inside Ring and The Dead List in English and as Ultimate Heist on USA video is a 2009 French-language film by Laurent Tuel.It tells the story of Milo Malakian (Jean Reno) a gang leader in France and his son Anton the descendants of Armenian Genocide survivors.Having been co-produced by Thelma Films and Alter Films this thriller formerly called Riviera was co-written by the scriptwriters Laurent Tuel Laurent Turner and Simon Moutaïrou.Production companies include TF1 and Canal+.According to producer Alain Terzian the surname of the film's hero Malakian was chosen in regard of famous film director Henri Verneuil a great friend of Terzian.
 Rebecca's Daughters is a 1992 British and German comedy film directed by Karl Francis.The film was based on a story by Dylan Thomas. The screenplay was originally written in 1948 by Thomas forty four years elapsed before it was finally made into a film which is the longest period of this kind on record.
 Tum Teav (Khmer: ទុំទាវ) is a 2003 Romance-tragedy Cambodian film portrays the tragedy of the star-crossed lovers Tum and Teav. The film inspired a love story which has been told throughout Cambodia since the 19th century revived a Khmer proverb states that The Cake is never bigger than the Basket. Literally daughters (cake) were thought not to be able to find a good family without the help of their mothers (basket).
 Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu (Telugu: ఈ అబ్బాయి చాలా మంచోడు) is a 2003 Telugu film directed by Agathiyan and produced by B. V. S. N. Prasad. The film stars Ravi Teja Sangeetha and Vani in the lead roles.
 Tarmina is a 1954 Indonesian film directed by Lilik Sudjio. It stars Fifi Young A. Hadi and Endang Kusdiningsih. It received five awards at the first Indonesian Film Festival in 1955 including Best Film Best Director for Lilik Sudjio Best Leading Actor for A. Hadi Best Leading Actress for Fifi Young and Supporting Actress for Endang Kusdiningsih.
 Innale (Translation: Yesterday Malayalam: ഇന്നലെ) is a 1990 Malayalam film written and directed by P. Padmarajan with Shobhana Jayaram Srividya and Suresh Gopi in pivotal roles.
 For the Spanish film Planta 4ª see The 4th Floor (2003 film).The 4th Floor is a 1999 film written and directed by Josh Klausner. The film stars Juliette Lewis William Hurt Shelley Duvall and Austin Pendleton. The film was released in 1999 in Germany but didn't get released in the United States until 2000 when it went direct-to-video. It was filmed on location in New York City and Saint John New Brunswick Canada. The original music was written by Brian Tyler.
 I Only Want You To Love Me (German: Ich will doch nur daß ihr mich liebt) is a 1976 West German television movie written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. It stars Vitus Zeplichal and Elke Aberle
 Wasted! or Naar de Klote! is a 1996 Dutch drama film directed by Aryan Kaganof. It is the first movie concerning the Dutch Dance Scene.The film was run in the time the Dutch gabber scene was on its highpoint. The same was true for the recreational use of XTC under Dutch youths.
 Song of the Cornfields (Hungarian: Ének a búzamezökröl) is a 1947 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szöts and starring Alice Szellay János Görbe and József Bihari.
 Tuhog is a 2013 Filipino dark comedy film produced by Skylight Films. It stars Eugene Domingo Leo Martinez Enchong Dee Empress Schuck and Jake Cuenca.Tuhog is one of the film entries sent for the 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival but failed to qualify as an official entry. The film opened in theaters on July 17 2013 as part of Star Cinema's 20th Anniversary presentation.
 High Yellow is a 1965 film about a black girl who tries to pass for white.
 Ratha Sapthami (ರಥಸಪ್ತಮಿ) is 1986 Indian-Kannada romance musical film is about a love story set in collage. the film marks debut of Shivarajkumar and Asharani (who is then girlfriend and later wife of Arjun and mother of Aishwarya Arjun)
 Eadie Was a Lady is a 1945 American musical comedy.
 A Good Woman is a 2004 drama film directed by Mike Barker. The screenplay by Howard Himelstein is based on the 1892 play Lady Windermere's Fan by Oscar Wilde. It is the fourth screen version of the work following a 1916 silent film using Wilde's original title Ernst Lubitsch's 1925 version and Otto Preminger's 1949 adaptation entitled The Fan.
 Metamorphosis is a 2012 feature film adaptation of Franz Kafka's classic novella Die Verwandlung (The Metamorphosis).
 Samsara Sangeetham is a Tamil film released in 1989 directed and produced by T. Rajendar. Rajender himself appeared in the title role with Renu whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's real life children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released on 18 July 1989. The film didn't succeed well at the box office
 When the Boys Meet the Girls is a 1965 American musical film directed by Alvin Ganzer and starring Connie Francis and Harve Presnell. Guy Bolton and Jack McGowan were both uncredited in their roles as the writers for the play the film is based on.
 La patata bollente is a 1979 Commedia all'italiana film directed by Steno. The film discusses a range of issues such as homophobia in the political left Anni di piombo violence working class culture and the sustainability of Eurocommunism.
 A New Wave is a 2006 independently produced comedy film written and directed by Jason Carvey.
 Bah Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas is a 2006 animated direct-to-video comedy film starring the Looney Tunes and directed by Charles Visser and produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The movie is a spoof of the popular Charles Dickens tale A Christmas Carol.
 Hardball is a 2001 American dramedy film directed by Brian Robbins. It stars Keanu Reeves Diane Lane and D. B. Sweeney. The screenplay by John Gatins is based on the book Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Daniel Coyle. The original music score is composed by Mark Isham. The film is known in some parts of the U.S. as Little Sluggers.[citation needed]
 Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger The Movie: Full Blast Action (特捜戦隊デカレンジャー THE MOVIE フルブラスト・アクション Tokusō Sentai Dekarenjā Za Mūbī Furu Burasuto Akushon) is the film adaptation of the 2004 Super Sentai Series Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger. The film was released in Japanese theaters on September 11 2004 as a double-bill with the Kamen Rider Blade film Kamen Rider Blade: Missing Ace. It was released on DVD on February 21 2005.
 Un novio para Yasmina is a 2008 film.
 Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy is a 2010 American four-hour direct-to-DVD documentary film that chronicles the entire Nightmare on Elm Street franchise and the rise of New Line Cinema. Written by Thommy Hutson produced by Daniel Farrands and Thommy Hutson and co-directed by Daniel Farrands and Andrew Kasch. Heather Langenkamp who portrayed Nancy Thompson in three of the Nightmare films served as the project's executive producer and narrator.
 Jackass Number Two is a 2006 American reality film. It is the sequel to Jackass: The Movie (2002) both based upon the MTV series Jackass. Like its predecessor and the original TV show the film is a compilation of stunts pranks and skits. The film stars the regular Jackass cast of Johnny Knoxville Bam Margera Chris Pontius Steve-O Ryan Dunn Dave England Jason Wee Man Acuña Preston Lacy and Ehren McGhehey. Everyone depicted in the film plays as themselves.
 Sang Pencerah (The Enlightener) is a 2010 Indonesian film directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Lukman Sardi Zaskia Adya Mecca and Slamet Rahardjo. It is a biopic of Ahmad Dahlan which describes how he came to found the Islamic organisation Muhammadiyah.Sang Pencerah produced to coincide with Muhammadiyah's centenary was announced in November 2009. It was meant to be historically accurate with much of the Rp. 12 billion (US$ 1.3 million) budget paying for period costumes and sets.
 Kohraa (The Fog) is a 1964 Indian thrillerHorror film directed by Biren Nag starring Waheeda Rehman Biswajeet and Lalita Pawar. The movie is version of Daphne du Maurier's 1938 novel Rebecca which was previously adapted by Alfred Hitchcock' as Academy Award-winning Rebecca (1940) though some supernatural elements were added to it. This version is famous for its twist ending which alters significantly from the original novel.
 The Gypsy Chief (German:Der Zigeunerprimas) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Paul Heidemann Margarete Schlegel and Fritz Schulz. It is an adaptation of the 1912 operetta Der Zigeunerprimas composed by Emmerich Kálmán with a libretto by Julius Wilhelm and Fritz Grünbaum. Robert A. Dietrich worked as the film's art director.
 L'endroit idéal is a 2008 French featurette starring Ronit Elkabetz. It was written and directed by Brigitte Sy. It was later adapted into the 2010 feature-length film Les mains libres.
 Now or Never is a 1921 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Monpura (Bengali: মনপুরা) is a Bangladeshi film directed by Giasuddin Selim. Monpura is a romance film based in a rural setting. As Selim's debut film it received a huge media hype before its release. The shooting of the film started in June 2007. It was shot in different places including Dhunat (Bogra) Kushtia and Dhaka.Chanchal Chowdhury plays the role of Shonai. Farhana Mili plays her debut role as Pori the daughter of a fisherman.
 Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism is a 2004 documentary film by filmmaker Robert Greenwald that criticises the Fox News Channel and its owner Rupert Murdoch claiming that the channel is used to promote and advocate right-wing views.
 Women in the Night is a 1948 American film directed by William Rowland.The film is also known as When Men Are Beasts.
 25 Degrees in Winter is a 2004 international comedy-drama film directed by Stéphane Vuillet.
 Brothers and Sisters of the Toda Family (戸田家の兄妹 Toda-ke no kyōdai) is a 1941 Japanese film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.
 Shot Through the Heart is a 1998 TV film directed by David Attwood shown on the BBC and HBO in 1998 which covers the Siege of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War. The film is based on a true story and an article called Anti-Sniper by John Falk (published in the November 1995 issue of Details magazine).
 Boarding House Blues is a 1948 American race film directed by Josh Binney. It was the penultimate feature film of All-American News a company that made newsreels for black Americans.
 The Quiet Man is a 1952 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by John Ford. It stars John Wayne Maureen O'Hara Barry Fitzgerald Ward Bond and Victor McLaglen. The screenplay by Frank S. Nugent was based on a 1933 Saturday Evening Post short story by Maurice Walsh. The film is notable for Winton Hoch's lush photography of the Irish countryside and a long climactic semi-comic fist fight. It was an official selection of the 1952 Venice Film Festival.
 Hello Stranger (Thai: กวน มึน โฮ RTGS: Kuan Muen Ho) is a 2010 romantic-comedy Thai film produced by Banjong Pisanthanakun starring Chantavit Dhanasevi (Thai: ฉันทวิชช์ ธนะเสวี) and Nuengthida Sophon (Thai: หนึ่งธิดา โสภณ).
 The Lady Escapes is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Gloria Stuart Michael Whalen George Sanders and Cora Witherspoon. A newly married couple argue constantly leading to her fleeing to France in the company of a glamarous French writer where she is pursued by her husband.
 On the Point of Death (Italian: In punto di morte) is a 1971 Italian drama film directed by Mario Garriba. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 Who Dares Wins (U.S. title: The Final Option) is a 1982 British film starring Lewis Collins Judy Davis Richard Widmark and Edward Woodward directed by Ian Sharp. The title is the motto of the elite Special Air Service (SAS).The plot is largely inspired by the Iranian Embassy siege of 1980 during which the SAS stormed the building to rescue those being held hostage inside.
 The Teaser was a 1925 American silent romantic comedy/drama film written by Lewis Milestone Edward T. Lowe Jr. and Jack Wagner based upon the play of the same name by Adelaide Matthews and Martha M. Stanley. The film was directed by William A. Seiter for Universal Pictures and stars Laura La Plante Pat O'Malley Hedda Hopper and Walter McGrail. It is unknown whether any copies of this film exist and it is considered a lost film.
 House of Harmony (German: Das Haus der Harmonie) is a S$7 million German-Singaporean telemovie. Jointly produced by 4 parties - Germany's FFP Media and ZDF Pictures together with Singapore's Oak 3 Films and Media Development Authority (MDA) the telemovie was shot in four languages - Spanish English German and Mandarin.It is based on the novel Perfect Harmony by Barbara Wood.
 Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche is a 1972 Hindi horror film directed by Tulsi Ramsay & Shyam Ramsay.
 Pure is a 2002 British film directed by Gillies MacKinnon. It starred Molly Parker Harry Eden David Wenham and Keira Knightley.
 White of the Eye is a 1987 British thriller film directed by Donald Cammell and starring David Keith and Cathy Moriarty. It was adapted by Cammell and his wife China Kong from the 1983 novel Mrs. White written by Margaret Tracy (pseudonym of the brothers Laurence and Andrew Klavan).
 Shamus is a 1973 American film starring Burt Reynolds and Dyan Cannon directed by Buzz Kulik.
 The Other Side of the Door is a 1916 American silent romantic drama directed by Tom Ricketts. Based on the novel of the same name by Lucia Chamberlain the film stars Harold Lockwood and May Allison.
 Winning is a 1969 American motion picture starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward. A number of racecar drivers and people associated with racing appear in the film including Bobby Unser Tony Hulman Bobby Grim Dan Gurney Roger McCluskey and Bruce Walkup.
 The Arrows of Robin Hood (Russian: Стрелы Робин Гуда alternative translations - Robin Good's Arrows Robin Gud's Arrows) is a Soviet 1975 film about Robin Hood directed by Sergei Tarasov.2 soundtracks exist for the movie. In 1975 Vladimir Vysotsky wrote and performed 7 ballads 6 of them were included in the final version. However a recommendation by Goskino editorial board called them inadequate for a romantic adventure; the real reason being conflicts with Vysotsky.
 The Warrens of Virginia is a 1915 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Prints of the film survive.
 Song of the Sea (Portuguese: O Canto do Mar) is a 1952 Brazilian drama film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns (Russian: Почему́ у ла́сточки хво́стик ро́жками; tr.:Pochemu u lastochki khvostik rozhkami) is the first animated film made in the Kazakh SSR. It was directed by Amen Khaydarov and released in 1967.
 A Lawless Street is a 1955 Western film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Randolph Scott and Angela Lansbury. The film is also known as The Marshal of Medicine Bend in the United States.
 Weary Willie's Rags is a 1914 American silent film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Meri Adalat is a 2001 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Hamid Ali starring Mithun Chakraborty Swarna Meghna Vishal Bakshi Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor and Raza Murad
 Age of Heroes is a war film directed by Adrian Vitoria. The film is based on the real-life events of the formation of Ian Fleming's 30 Commando unit during World War II. The film was released in the United Kingdom in 2011.
 Mabel and Fatty's Married Life is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Lucky Luciano is a 1973 American crime drama film directed by Francesco Rosi. It stars Gian Maria Volonté and Vincent Gardenia. It was shown as part of the Cannes Classics section of the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Harriet Craig is a 1950 American drama film starring Joan Crawford. The screenplay by Anne Froelick and James Gunn was based upon the 1925 Pulitzer Prize-winning play Craig's Wife by George Kelly. The film was directed by Vincent Sherman produced by William Dozier and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Harriet Craig is the second of three cinematic collaborations between Sherman and Crawford the others being The Damned Don't Cry! (1950) and Goodbye My Fancy (1951).[citation needed]
 Layin' Low is a 1996 film directed by Danny Leiner and stars Jeremy Piven.
 Run is a 2002 blockbuster Tamil film directed by N. Linguswamy. The film stars R. Madhavan Meera Jasmine Vivek Atul Kulkarni Raghuvaran and Anuradha Hassan. In 2004 it was remade in Hindi as Run starring Abhishek Bachchan and Bhoomika Chawla.
 The Mountain Eagle is a 1927 British silent film and Alfred Hitchcock's second as director following The Pleasure Garden. The film a romantic melodrama set in Kentucky is about a widower (Bernhard Goetzke) who jealously competes with his crippled son (John F. Hamilton) and a man he loathes (Malcolm Keen) over the affections of a schoolteacher (Nita Naldi).
 Si Agimat si Enteng Kabisote at si Ako is a 2012 fantasy action film starring Vic Sotto Bong Revilla Jr. and Judy Ann Santos. The film is a crossover of Agimat and Enteng Kabisote film franchise. It is a joint production by five movie outfits Octoarts Films M-Zet Productions Imus Productions APT Entertainment and GMA Films. It is one of the 8 official entries for 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival. It was shown in December 25 2012.
 Tales from the Golden Age (Romanian: Amintiri din epoca de aur) is a 2009 Romanian omnibus film. It was screened as part of the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.The film is composed of five whimsical yet blackly comic short stories each one set in the late communist period in Romania and based on urban myths from the time reflecting the perspective of ordinary people.
 Long Time Dead is a 2002 thriller horror film set in the United Kingdom in which a group of college students experiment with an Ouija board and inadvertently summon a djinn - an Arabic spirit of fire. The film stars Joe Absolom Lukas Haas and Tom Bell. It was the directorial debut of Swindon-born Marcus Adams.
 The Yellow Rolls-Royce is a 1964 dramatic composite film written by Terence Rattigan produced by Anatole de Grunwald and directed by Anthony Asquith the trio responsible for The V.I.P.s (1963).Apparently adapting an idea from In Those Days a 1947 German drama by Helmut Käutner that had its US premiere in March 1951 The Yellow Rolls-Royce uses a yellow 1930 Rolls-Royce Phantom II to frame the story of three very different owners: an English aristocrat a Miami gangster and a wealthy American widow. 
 Chariton's Choir (Greek: Η χορωδία του Χαρίτωνα / I horodia tou haritona) is a 2005 Greek film directed by Grigoris Karantinakis. It was Greece's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Jupiter's Darling is a musical romance film released by MGM in 1955 and directed by George Sidney. It starred Esther Williams as the Roman woman Amytis Howard Keel as Hannibal the Carthaginian military commander and George Sanders as Fabius Maximus Amytis's fiance.
 Cristina is a 1946 Argentine comedy-drama film starring Zully Moreno.
 Lost and Found is a 1979 film co-written and directed by Melvin Frank and starring George Segal and Glenda Jackson.Featuring much of the same cast and crew as Frank's 1973 film A Touch of Class this film is about a couple's constant meeting and clashing.Lost and Found also features Martin Short in his film debut.
 Cry_Wolf is a 2005 American horror/slasher murder mystery directed by Jeff Wadlow after he won $1000000 at the 2002 Chrysler Million Dollar Film Festival.[citation needed]
 Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures is a 1986 comedy television film written by Walter Williams and directed by Jim Drake. The film was based on the popular Mr. Bill skits from the television show Saturday Night Live. Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures premiered on the Showtime cable television network in the United States on September 11 1986.
 My Scene: Jammin' in Jamaica is the first My Scene film released in May 2004 in the United States. It was sold together with the My Scene Jammin' in Jamaica dolls and is 56 minutes long. When Madison and Urban Desire go to Jamaica for a contest Barbie Nolee and Chelsea raise money to go there too and support their friends. The film was directed by Eric Fogel who also directed The Barbie Diaries.
 The Dressmaker from Paris is a 1925 silent film romantic comedy/drama film directed by Paul Bern. The story was written by Howard Hawks and Adelaide Heilbron. Heilbron also wrote the screenplay. The film starred Leatrice Joy and was her last film for Paramount Pictures. The film was costume designer Travis Banton's first assignment. The film is now considered lost.
 Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk. The film was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton Brad Pitt and Helena Bonham Carter. Norton plays the unnamed protagonist an everyman who is discontented with his white-collar job. He forms a fight club with soap maker Tyler Durden played by Pitt and they are joined by men who also want to fight recreationally.
 Knockaround Guys is a 2002 comedy crime-drama film starring Barry Pepper Vin Diesel Seth Green John Malkovich and Dennis Hopper.
 The Left Handed Gun is a 1958 American western film and the film directorial debut of Arthur Penn starring Paul Newman as Billy the Kid and John Dehner as Pat Garrett. The screenplay was written by Leslie Stevens from a teleplay by Gore Vidal which he wrote for the television series The Philco-Goodyear Television Playhouse 1955 episode The Death of Billy the Kid in which Newman also played the title character.
 My Beautiful Laundrette is a 1985 British comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Frears from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi. The film was also one of the first films released by Working Title Films.The story is set in London during the contemporary Thatcher era as reflected in the complex—and often comical—relationships between members of the Asian and White communities.
 The Ghost Galleon (El Buque maldito U.S. title Horror of the Zombies) (1974) is a Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio and starring Jack Taylor. It is also known as Horror of the Zombies a title frequently found on public domain DVD copies.
 Transylvania is a 2006 French drama film starring Asia Argento. In 2006 Director Tony Gatlif and composer Delphine Mantoulet won the Georges Delerue Prize at the Flanders International Film Festival for the score and Gatlif was nominated for the Grand Prix award.
 Hello Sister! is a 1933 American drama film directed by Alan Crosland Erich von Stroheim Raoul Walsh and Alfred L. Werker. It is a re-edited version of von Stroheim's now-lost film Walking Down Broadway. Hello Sister! was itself thought to have perished as well until a print was found in the 1970s.
 Swarm and Destroy is a documentary chronicling the Moped Army and moped lifestyle. The documentary was filmed at the Decepticon's 2003 Moped BBQ 6 event in Kalamazoo Michigan.Swarm and Destroy contains numerous interviews with Moped Army members interleaved with animations and footage from the ongoing Moped BBQ rally. The documentary is named after the motto of the Moped Army.Tagline: The Greatest Documentary about a Moped Gang Ever Made
 Way Out West is a Laurel and Hardy comedy film released in 1937. It was directed by James W. Horne produced by Stan Laurel and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Dust Off the Wings is a 1997 Australian film about a young man struggling to come to terms with his impending marriage.
 Gagana (Kannada: ಗಗನ meaning Sky) is a 1989 Kannada movie starring Anant Nag and Kushboo.
 Atomised (German: Elementarteilchen – The Elementary Particles) is a 2006 German film based on the novel Les Particules élémentaires by Michel Houellebecq. The film was written and directed by Oskar Roehler and produced by Oliver Berben and Bernd Eichinger. It stars Moritz Bleibtreu as Bruno Christian Ulmen as Michael Martina Gedeck as Christiane Franka Potente as Annabelle and Nina Hoss as Jane.The film had its premiere at the Berlin Film Festival in Germany in February 2006.
 Fear in the Night is a 1972 British psychological horror film directed by Jimmy Sangster and produced by Hammer Film Productions. It was written by Sangster and Michael Syston produced by Sangster and stars Judy Geeson Joan Collins and Peter Cushing. In the United States it was released as part of a double bill with Demons of the Mind.
 Hats Off is a silent short film starring American comedy double act Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 Life Begins for Andy Hardy is the 11th installment of the popular Andy Hardy movies. Directed by George B. Seitz Life Begins for Andy Hardy was also the last Andy Hardy movie to feature Judy Garland.
 Shaft's Big Score! is a 1972 action film directed by Gordon Parks. It is the second entry in the trilogy starring Richard Roundtree as the private detective John Shaft. Ernest Tidyman once more supplied the screenplay. The first film's composer Isaac Hayes was unavailable so Parks the returning director did the score himself. The film was produced on a budget of $1978000.
 Timber Falls is a 2007 horror-thriller film with elements of a slasher film directed by Tony Giglio it stars Josh Randall and Brianna Brown.It's rated R for strong bloody horror violence torture language and some sexuality.
 Out of the Darkness is a 1985 telefilm about the pursuit of the serial killer David Berkowitz by New York City detective Ed Zigo (played by Martin Sheen).
 For the Noël Coward play see Relative Values (play)Relative Values is a 2000 British comedy film adaptation of the 1950s play of the same name by Noël Coward. It stars Julie Andrews Colin Firth William Baldwin Stephen Fry and Jeanne Tripplehorn and was directed by Eric Styles.It was filmed on location in the Isle of Man mainly at The Nunnery with scenes at Kirk Braddan.
 Canone inverso - Making Love also known as The Inverse Canon is a 2000 Italian drama film directed by Ricky Tognazzi. It is based on the novel Canone Inverso written by Paolo Maurensig.The plot centers on a peculiar violin with a distinctive carved scroll and the tale behind how it changed hands.
 Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison Dodo Watts and Donald Calthrop. It was based on the play Almost a Honeymoon by Walter Ellis. A second adaptation was made in 1938. It was made by British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios. An ambitious young man secures a job in the colonial service the only stipulation being that he needs to be married which he isn't.
 Wild Geese Calling is a 1941 film made by 20th Century-Fox directed by John Brahm and starring Henry Fonda and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Horace McCoy based on a novel by Stewart Edward White. The music score is by Alfred Newman.
 The Last Samurai is a 2003 American epic war film directed and co-produced by Edward Zwick who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Logan. The film stars Tom Cruise who also co-produced as well as Ken Watanabe Shin Koyamada Tony Goldwyn Hiroyuki Sanada Timothy Spall and Billy Connolly. Inspired by a project by Vincent Ward it interested Zwick with Ward later serving as executive producer.
 Cellofan – med døden til følge (English: Cellophan) is a 1998 Norwegian crime film directed by Eva Isaksen starring Andrine Sæther and Sverre Anker Ousdal. The young journalist Marianne Hovden (Sæther) is instructed by her father on his deathbed to burn a box of letters hidden in his attic. Defying his wish she reads the letters where he is accused of the murder of a young woman 25 years ago.
 Dirty Work (1998) is a comedy buddy film starring Norm Macdonald Artie Lange Jack Warden and Traylor Howard and directed by Bob Saget. In the film long-time friends Mitch (Macdonald) and Sam (Lange) start a revenge-for-hire business and work to fund heart surgery for Sam's father Pops (Warden). When they take on work for an unscrupulous businessman (Christopher McDonald) in order to be paid they create a revenge scheme of their own.
 Tuck Everlasting is a 1981 American film based on Natalie Babbitt's 1975 children's book of the same title.
 Anand aur Anand is an Indian film from 1984 which is most famous for being the debut movie of both Dev Anand's son Suneil Anand as well as of Natasha Sinha. It stars Dev Anand along with Suneil Anand Natasha Sinha Raakhee Smita Patil Raj Babbar and Biswajeet.
 Boy and Bicycle is the first film made by Ridley Scott. The black and white short was made on 16mm film while Scott was a photography student at the Royal College of Art in London in 1962.Although a very early work - Scott would not direct his first feature for another 15 years - the film is significant in that it features a number of visual elements that would become motifs of Scott's work.
 Babar: King of the Elephants is a 1998 animated film made by Nelvana Limited and released in theaters in Canada and the U.S. by Alliance Communications and later on home video by HBO Home Video. Based on Jean de Brunhoff's book series it is the second Babar film following Babar: The Movie.
 Tarzan II (also known as Tarzan II: The Legend Begins) is a 2005 direct-to-video adventure comedy midquel to the 1999 Walt Disney Feature Animation film Tarzan. It was released on June 14 2005.The film tells the story of a young Tarzan's adventure to discover who he really is. Alfre Woodard and Hamilton Camp reprise their roles as Kala and Kerchak from the first movie; Harrison Chad Brenda Grate and Harrison Fahn are the new voices for Young Tarzan Terk and Tantor.
 An Old-Fashioned Young Man is a Fine Arts silent film from 1917 starring Robert Harron and featuring Colleen Moore in her second credited film role.
 Dylan Thomas is a 1962 short documentary film directed by Jack Howells. It won an Academy Award at the 35th Academy Awards in 1963 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Begunaah is a 1991 Indian crime drama film directed and produced by Anil Suri. The film follows the life of Jeevanlal J.V (Rajesh Khanna) a man who experiences a personal crisis one after the other after his wife's death. He was jailed then had an increase in the jail sentence due to his attempts to escape and was separated from his only daughter. He subsequently searched for his grown up daughter only to find that she is widower mother to a boy and also a prostitute.
 Bharatamlo Arjunudu (Telugu: భారతంలో అర్జునుడు) is a 1987 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by K S Prakash Rao under Prakash Studios . Venkatesh and Kushboo played the lead roles.
 The Gilt (Filipino: Tubog sa Ginto) is a 1970 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka based on the comic serials created by Mars Ravelo. This is the first film to tackle the then-controversial theme of homosexuality at that time when it was still a very sensitive issue.
 Disney Prep & Landing is a computer animated television special based on an idea by Chris Williams at Walt Disney Animation Studios and developed by Kevin Deters and Stevie Wermers-Skelton into a half-hour Christmas special. It first aired December 8 2009 on ABC.The special was released on-line the next day along with an original one minute short film Tiny's BIG Adventure.
 To Melody a Soul Responds is a 1915 short film produced by American Film Manufacturing Company released by Mutual Film and directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 The Bishop Misbehaves is a 1935 American comedy crime film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Edmund Gwenn Maureen O'Sullivan and Lucile Watson. It was based on the 1934 play of the same title by Frederick J. Jackson. Dupont made the film after signing a one-film contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer having made his first American sound film the year before with Universal Pictures. It is also known by the alternative title The Bishop's Misadventures.
 Ayalum Njanum Thammil (Malayalam: അയാളും ഞാനും തമ്മിൽ Between him and me) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film directed by Lal Jose produced by Prem Prakash and distributed by Century Films.
 The Tribe is an award winning short documentary film directed by Tiffany Shlain and narrated by Peter Coyote. Weaving together archival footage graphics and animation it tells the history of both the Barbie doll and the Jewish people from Biblical times to the present.
 Peau d'Âne (English: Donkey Skin) is a 1970 French musical film directed by Jacques Demy. It is also known by the English titles Once Upon a Time and The Magic Donkey. The film was adapted by Demy from Donkeyskin a fairy tale by Charles Perrault about a king who wishes to marry his daughter. It stars Catherine Deneuve and Jean Marais with music by Michel Legrand.
 Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a 2012 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K. Madhu starring Anoop Menon Meghna Raj Jishnu Kailash in the lead roles.
 Eraserhead is a 1977 surrealist body horror film written and directed by American filmmaker David Lynch. Shot in black-and-white Eraserhead is Lynch's first feature-length film coming after several short works. The film was produced with the assistance of the American Film Institute (AFI) during the director's time studying there.
 Jarhead is a 2005 biographical drama war film based on U.S. Marine Anthony Swofford's 2003 memoir of the same name directed by Sam Mendes starring Jake Gyllenhaal as Swofford with Jamie Foxx Peter Sarsgaard and Chris Cooper. The title comes from the slang term used to refer to U.S. Marines.
 Story of a Discharged Prisoner (英雄本色; lit. True Colors of a Hero) also called Upright Repenter is a 1967 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Lung Kong.The film partially inspired the 1986 John Woo film A Better Tomorrow which has the same Chinese name.
 China is a 1943 film directed by John Farrow. It stars Loretta Young and Alan Ladd. David Jones one of the main characters was an inspiration for Indiana Jones wearing a fedora a brown jacket and khakis.
 La Culpa is a 1969 Argentine film.
 Khoon Pasina(Blood and Sweat) is a 1977 Hindi action crime film. The movie is produced by Baboo Mehra and directed by Rakesh Kumar. The movie stars Amitabh Bachchan Vinod Khanna Rekha Nirupa Roy Helen Asrani Aruna Irani Bharat Bhushan and Kader Khan. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. This was another 'blockbuster' movie of Amitabh Bachchan.It was remade in Tamil by Rajnikant as Siva.
 The Song of Songs (1918) is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and based on a stage play version by Edward Sheldon of a novel by Hermann Sudermann Das Hohelied. This picture was directed by Joseph Kaufman and stars Elsie Ferguson. This was Kaufman's last film before his death from influenza on February 1 1918. This film is now considered a lost film. The story was remade as Lily of the Dust (1924) with Pola Negri and Ben Lyon.
 Duh u močvari (The Ghost in the Swamp) is a movie made by Branko Ištvančić. It is based on the book Duh u močvari by Anto Gardaš.
 Gunaah is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mahesh Bhatt and produced by Paresh Bagbahara. It stars Sunny Deol and Dimple Kapadia in pivotal roles.
 Smouldering Fires is a 1925 Universal silent drama film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Pauline Frederick and Laura La Plante. The movie's plot is similar to the 1933 talking picture Female starring Ruth Chatterton.Copies of this film are archived by UCLA and George Eastman House. In 1953 the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 Maiko Haaaan!!! (舞妓Haaaan!!!) is a Japanese comedy film released in 2007.
 Bobby Deerfield is a 1977 American romantic drama film directed by Sidney Pollack and starring Al Pacino and Marthe Keller. Based on the 1961 novel Heaven Has No Favorites by Erich Maria Remarque the film is about a famous American race car driver on the European circuit who falls in love with an enigmatic Swiss woman who is terminally ill. For his performance in the film Al Pacino was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Actor.
 Crimen en el hotel alojamiento is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Judge Dredd is a 1995 American science fiction action film directed by Danny Cannon and starring Sylvester Stallone Diane Lane Rob Schneider Armand Assante and Max von Sydow. The film is based on the strip of the same name in the British comic 2000 AD. It was a critical and commercial disappointment.
 Shahida was a Pakistani Urdu film released on March 19 1949. The film was directed by Luqman. Shahida was actually the first Pakistani film which was started before partition and released in 1949.
 By og land hand i hand (Norwegian: Town and country hand in hand) is a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Olav Dalgard starring Hans Bille and Lars Tvinde. The film was made by the Norwegian Labour Party for the 1937 local elections.The wealthy landowner Hans Bjørnstad (Bille) is approached by his workers for a raise but is shocked by their radical socialist ideas. Later he talks to another landowner Nils Tveit (Tvinde) who is more sympathetic to the workers' case.
 Sainik is an Indian film directed by Sikander Bharti and released in 1993. It stars Akshay Kumar Ashwini Bhave and Farheen.
 Kansas Pacific is a 1953 U.S. Cinecolor western film released by Allied Artists Pictures and directed by Ray Nazarro. It stars Sterling Hayden and Eve Miller. The movie offers a fictionalized account of the struggle to build the Kansas Pacific Railway in the 1860s just prior to the American Civil War.
 Fires of Rebellion is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Ida May Park and starring Lon Chaney.
 Shanghai Affairs is a 1998 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Donnie Yen. This film is Yen's second directorial feature.
 Sons of Bitches (Russian: Сукины дети translit. Sukiny deti) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Leonid Filatov. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Angel of Broadway was a 1927 American silent drama film produced by Cecil B. DeMille and distributed by Pathé Exchange. It was directed by Lois Weber and starred Leatrice Joy. The film is now considered lost.
 American Yearbook is a 2004 American drama film written produced edited and directed by Brian Ging. While the film itself is finished and has been shown at various film festivals there is currently no public release date.
 Wings (Russian: Крылья tr. Krylya) is a 1966 Soviet black-and-white drama film directed by Larisa Shepitko her first feature film made after graduating from the All-Russian State Institute for Cinematography.
 Scorcher is a 2002 science fiction disaster film directed by James Seale and starring Mark Dacascos John Rhys-Davies Jeffrey Johnson Tamara Davies Mark Rolston and Rutger Hauer. It was first released in the USA in 2002. It concerns a group of scientists who discover after a disastrous nuclear accident the Earth's tectonic plates are shifting and creating immense pressure that will destroy the earth in a fiery global eruption and it's up to a few top scientists to find a way to stop it.
 Joy House (French title: Les Félins) is a 1964 black-and-white mystery/thriller film starring Jane Fonda Alain Delon and Lola Albright. It is based on the 1954 novel by Dan Keene.
 Mojave Phone Booth is an independently produced 2006 film directed by John Putch. The movie is based on a real phone booth in the Mojave Desert that once accepted incoming calls but has since been removed.The film is composed of the intertwined stories of four Las Vegas people whose lives are each connected by the vandalized but functioning Mojave phone booth.
 The True Nature of Bernadette (French: La Vraie Nature de Bernadette) is a 1972 Canadian drama film directed by Gilles Carle. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. In 1984 the Toronto International Film Festival ranked the film tenth in the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time.
 The Blackout is a 1997 American drama film directed by Abel Ferrara. It was screened out of competition at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Record (찍히면 죽는다 Jjikhimyeon jukneunda) is a 2000 South Korean horror film starring Kang Seong-min Park Eun-hye and Han Chae-young.
 Homam is a 2008 Indian thriller film written and directed by J. D. Chakravarthy. Filmed in Telugu the film deals with the story of an undercover policeman. The film stars Jagapathi Babu Mamta Mohandas and Mahesh Manjrekar in the leading roles while director Chakravarthy Madhurima Tuli Pradeep Rawat and Sakshi Sivanand portray the supporting roles.
 Term Life is an upcoming crime-thriller based off the graphic novel of the same name. It is directed by Peter Billingsley and produced by lead actor Vince Vaughn.
 Hi Diddle Diddle is a black-and-white American comedy film made in 1943 directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Adolphe Menjou Martha Scott Dennis O'Keefe June Havoc Billie Burke and (in a rare film appearance) Pola Negri. The title is a play on the nursery rhyme Hey Diddle Diddle and the use of diddle as a word for confidence trick.
 Escanaba in da Moonlight (da is Yooper for the) is a 2001 movie starring Jeff Daniels. It is a comedy about hunting and hunting traditions and is set (and filmed) in the Escanaba Michigan area. The movie is the film adaptation of the play of the same name which premiered at Jeff Daniels' Purple Rose Theatre in Chelsea Michigan.
 River of Gold (Portuguese: O Rio do Ouro) is a 1998 Portuguese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Raketeros is a 2013 Filipino comedy film produced by Heaven's Best Entertainment starring some of 90's comedy icons Herbert Bautista Dennis Padilla Long Mejia Andrew E. and Ogie Alcasid. The film will open in theaters on August 7 2013 as part of Star Cinema's 20th Anniversary presentation.
 The Living Daylights (1987) is the fifteenth entry in the James Bond film series and the first to star Timothy Dalton as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film's title is taken from Ian Fleming's short story The Living Daylights. It was the last film to use the title of an Ian Fleming story until the 2006 instalment Casino Royale.The beginning of the film resembles the short story in which Bond acts as a counter-sniper to protect a Soviet defector Georgi Koskov.
 The Mad Racer was a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director Benjamin Stoloff. The film starred Earle Foxe and Florence Gilbert.
 Hi-Ho Mistahey! is a 2013 National Film Board of Canada feature documentary film by Alanis Obomsawin that profiles Shannen's Dream an activist campaign first launched by Shannen Koostachin a Cree teenager from Attawapiskat to lobby for improved educational opportunities for First Nations youth.The film premiered on September 7 2013 at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Gharana Bullodu is a 1995 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Nagarjuna Akkineni Ramya Krishna Aamani Jayachitra Murali Mohan and Kota Srinivasa Rao. The film was later dubbed in Hindi as Rangeela Raja.Nagarjuna was flying high with consecutive hits before okaying this movie. This too turned out to be yet another profitable venture for him increasing his mass base considerably. Raghavendra Rao and Keeravani together yielded magic again and the songs were huge hits.
 Thirteen Days is a 2000 docudrama directed by Roger Donaldson about the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 seen from the perspective of the US political leadership. Kevin Costner stars with Bruce Greenwood featured as John F. Kennedy.While the movie carries the same name as the book Thirteen Days by former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy it is in fact based on a different book The Kennedy Tapes: Inside the White House During the Cuban Missile Crisis by Ernest May and Philip Zelikow.
 Buruuba is a 1955 adventure film directed by Shigeyoshi Suzuki. The film was a Japanese Tarzan film based on the main character Buruuba. It was supposed to be shot in the jungle but was filmed in Los Angeles. Like Johnny Weissmuller who starred in classic Tarzan films the starring actor Shigeyoshi Suzuki was also an Olympic swimming medalist in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
 Rakhwala is a 1971 Bollywood musical film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. It stars Dharmendra Leena Chandavarkar and Vinod Khanna.
 L'insegnante viene a casa (internationally released as The School Teacher in the House) is a 1978 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. The film is the third chapter in the Schoolteacher film series and the last starred by Edwige Fenech in the title role.
 Phir Bhi is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Shivendra Sinha. The film stars Partap Sharma and Urmila Bhatt. Partap Sharma won the 1971 National Award for the lead role in this feature film which also won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi.
 Tim's Vermeer is a documentary film directed by the performer Teller produced by his stage partner Penn Jillette and Farley Ziegler about inventor Tim Jenison's efforts to duplicate the painting techniques of Johannes Vermeer.The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in limited theatrical release in the United States by Sony Pictures Classics on January 31 2014.
 Incarnate is an upcoming horror film directed by Brad Peyton. The film stars Aaron Eckhart.
 The Bilingual Lover (Spanish: El Amante Bilingüe) is a 1993 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a novel by Juan Marsé. It stars Imanol Arias Ornella Muti and Loles León. The film is a grotesque drama with some elements of comedy. Set in Barcelona El Amante Bilingüe takes an ironic approach to Catalonian linguistic policies nationalism and eroticism with a pattern of double identity.
 I pappagalli (The Parrots) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Bruno Paolinelli.
 Trick or Treat is an unfinished British film.
 Dulhan Banoo Mein Teri is an Indian film released in 1999. It was produced and directed by B. Subhash. The film stars Faraaz Khan and Deepti Bhatnagar in lead roles.
 Buicken – store gutter gråter ikke (English: The Buick – big boys don't cry) is a 1991 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Hans Otto Nicolaysen starring Lasse Lindtner and Helge Jordal.The two brothers Ken (Lindtner) and Bent (Jordal) are separated at an early age when their parents divorce. When they meet again as adults Ken is a successful businessman while Bent is a factory worker and labour leader.
 The Barbarian also known as A Night in Cairo (1933) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film about an American woman tourist in Egypt who has several suitors among them an Arab guide who is more than he seems. The Barbarian stars Ramon Novarro and Myrna Loy. The film was filmed previously by MGM as The Arab (1924) with Novarro and Alice Terry.
 La Vallée is a 1972 French film written and directed by Barbet Schroeder. The film stars Bulle Ogier as Viviane a woman who goes on a strange and accidental voyage of self-discovery through the New Guinea bush. Pink Floyd recorded an album Obscured by Clouds as the soundtrack to the film. After recording had finished the band fell out with the film company prompting them to release the soundtrack album as Obscured by Clouds rather than La Vallée.
 Angel Face (Spanish: La cara del ángel) is a 1998 Argentine film written and directed by Pablo Torre. The film features Virginia Innocenti Mario Pasik Enrique Pinti among others.The director Pablo Torre dedicated the film to the approximately 30000 (the numbers are contested) people who disappeared during Argentina's junta's regime in the mid-1970s.
 Happiness is a 2014 French-Finnish documentary film written directed and produced by Thomas Balmès. The film premiered in-competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014. It won the Documentary World Cinema Cinematography Award at the festival.The film premiered at 2014 Thessaloniki Documentary Festival in Views of the World section on March 16 2014. It will also premiere at 2014 San Francisco International Film Festival on April 27 2014.
 A Snitch in Time is the 128th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Nathan the Wise (German: Nathan der Weise) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Fritz Greiner Carl de Vogt and Lia Eibenschütz. It is based on the 1779 play Nathan the Wise by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. It was made by Bavaria Film at the Emelka Studios. The film provoked protests in Munich from far-right groups who felt it was too pro-Jewish.
 Hare Ram is a 2008 Telugu movie directed by Harshavardhan and produced by Kalyan Ram under N.T.R. Arts. Kalyan Ram plays the lead role while Priyamani Ali Brahmanandam Kota Srinivasa Rao and Raghu Babu play supporting roles. Mickey J Meyer was the music director C. Ram Prasad handled cinematography and was edited by Gowtham Raju. The film was released on 18 July 2008. This movie is the next best hit for Kalyan Ram after Athanokkade which was a blockbuster.
 Río abajo is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Eternity and a Day (Greek: Μια αιωνιότητα και μια μέρα Mia aioniotita kai mia mera) is a 1998 Greek film starring Bruno Ganz and directed by Theo Angelopoulos. The film won the Palme d'Or and the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Windjammer is a 1937 American film directed by Ewing Scott.
 Case Closed: The Time-Bombed Skyscraper known as Detective Conan: The Time-Bombed Skyscraper (名探偵コナン 時計じかけの摩天楼 Meitantei Konan: Tokei Jikake no Matenrō) in Japan is a 1997 Japanese animated feature film based on the Detective Conan (名探偵 コナン Meitantei Conan) manga series and featuring detective Jimmy Kudo. Funimation released the film in North America.
 Tomalio is a 1933 American comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. It was Arbuckle's final film and was released after his death.
 iSteve is a 2013 parody film released on April 17 2013 (delayed from April 15) by producer Funny or Die marking their first full-length movie. It claims to be the first biopic on the life of Steve Jobs after his death. The film stars Justin Long as Jobs and Jorge Garcia as Steve Wozniak. The movie was written in three days and shot in five by Ryan Perez a former Saturday Night Live writer.
 Edge of the Empire is a 2010 Thai historical film directed by Nirattisai Kaljareuk. Set in southern Mongolia over 1000 years ago the story relates the history of the small tribe called Tai at the time a colony ruled by the Great Han. This film shows how the Tai people oppressed by their Han overlords unite to fight for their freedom.
 Jeepers Creepers is a 1939 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Ranadheera Kanteerava (Kannada: ರಣಧೀರ ಕಂಠೀರವ) is a 1960 Kannada historical drama biographical film directed by the editor-turned-director N. C. Rajan and written by G. V. Iyer. It is one of the most popular films of acclaimed Kannada actor Rajkumar who plays the role of an emperor Kanthirava Narasaraja I of the Wodeyar dynasty Mysore who was fondly named as Ranadheera Kanteerava. The film depicts the life of Kanteerava who is known for his immense physical strength through wrestling.
 K-Z is a 1972 Italian short documentary film directed by Giorgio Treves. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Jaani Dushman (English: Arch Rival) is a Hindi supernatural horror film directed and produced by Rajkumar Kohli. The film features a multiple cast; including Raj Kumar Kohli's son Armaan Kohli as the main Villain seeking for revenge against a set of heroes Akshay Kumar Sunny Deol Sunil Shetty Aditya Pancholi Aftab Shivdasani Sharad Kapoor playback singer Sonu Nigam in his acting debut and Arshad Warsi and the only Heroine of film is Manisha Koirala who plays as the lover of the villain.
 The Airship Destroyer (originally titled Der Luftkrieg Der Zukunft also titled The Aerial Torpedo The Battle of the Clouds UK and The Battle in the Clouds US) is a 1909 British silent science fiction film directed by Walter R. Booth.
 Mac is a 1992 film co-written and directed by John Turturro in his directorial debut. The film won the Caméra d'Or award at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award.
 Macbeth is a silent black-and-white 1916 film adaptation of the William Shakespeare play Macbeth. It was directed by John Emerson assisted by Erich von Stroheim and produced by D. W. Griffith with cinematography by Victor Fleming. The film starred Herbert Beerbohm Tree and Constance Collier both famous from the stage and for playing Shakespearean parts.
 Ghosts of Rome (Italian: Fantasmi a Roma) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli.
 The Night They Raided Minsky's is a 1968 musical comedy film directed by William Friedkin and produced by Norman Lear. It is a fictional account of the invention of the striptease at Minsky's Burlesque in 1925. The film is based on the novel by Rowland Barber published in 1960.
 The Return of Bulldog Drummond is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Ralph Richardson Ann Todd and Claud Allister. It was based on the 1932 novel The Return of Bulldog Drummond by H.C. McNeile.
 Ranjhan Mera Yaar is a 1984 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Diary of a Country Priest (original French title: Journal d'un curé de campagne) is a 1951 French film directed by Robert Bresson and starring Claude Laydu. It was closely based on the novel of the same name by Georges Bernanos. Published in 1937 the novel received the Grand prix du roman de l'Académie française. It tells the story of a young sickly priest who has just arrived in his first parish a village in northern France.
 Ilakkangal is a 1982 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Mohan.
 The Fat Boy Chronicles is a film about Jimmy Winterpock an obese high-school student who deals with bullying and trying to lose weight. The film is inspired by a true story about an obese 9th grader in Cincinnati and a novel and film were released in 2010 as a major motion picture and was later released on Netflix. The movie received mixed reviews with users on Rotten Tomatoes giving the movie a 49% Rotten rating.
 Rocky is a 1976 American sports film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone. It tells the rags to riches American Dream story of Rocky Balboa an uneducated but kind-hearted debt collector for a loan shark in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Rocky starts out as a club fighter who later gets a shot at the world heavyweight championship.
 Nutty Professor II: The Klumps is a 2000 science fiction romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal. It is a sequel to the 1996 film The Nutty Professor and stars Eddie Murphy. Like in the first one Murphy plays not only the inept but brilliant scientist Sherman Klump but also (wearing different but equally elaborate makeup) most of Sherman's family as well.
 No Limit is a 1935 British comedy film which was released by Associated Talking Pictures. It starred George Formby and Florence Desmond.
 Lethal Weapon is a 1987 American buddy cop action film directed by Richard Donner starring Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as a mismatched pair of L.A.P.D. detectives and stars Mitchell Ryan and Gary Busey as their primary adversaries.The film was a box office hit and resulted in a series of four films.
 Squealer is a 2005 pornographic horror film directed by Jack the Zipper.
 The Rocketeer is a 1991 American period superhero film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and based on the character of the same name created by comic book writer/artist Dave Stevens. Directed by Joe Johnston the film stars Billy Campbell Jennifer Connelly Alan Arkin Timothy Dalton Paul Sorvino and Tiny Ron Taylor. Set in 1938 Los Angeles California The Rocketeer tells the story of stunt pilot Cliff Secord who discovers a jet pack that enables him to fly.
 Amandus is a 1966 Slovene film directed by France Štiglic. It is based on a novel by Ivan Tavčar and was adapted for the screen by Andrej Hieng. It is set at the end of the 17th century in the area that is now Slovenia at a time of religious intolerance with Amandus a Catholic priest determined to persecute local Protestants.
 Copying Beethoven is a 2006 dramatic film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by Agnieszka Holland which gives a fictional take on the triumphs and heartaches of Ludwig van Beethoven's last years.
 Penitentiary II is a 1982 American drama film directed by Jamaa Fanaka. The film is the sequel to 1979 Penitentiary.
 The Mechanical Man (L'uomo meccanico) is a 1921 Italian science fiction film directed by André Deed. The original film was about 80 minutes in length. However only about 26 minutes of footage remains. The DVD release by Alpha Video uses an incomplete Brazilian print with new English intertitles.
 Cosmic Voyage is a 1996 short documentary film produced in the IMAX format directed by Bayley Silleck produced by Jeffrey Marvin and narrated by Morgan Freeman. The film was presented by the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museumand played in IMAX theaters worldwide. The film is available in the DVD format.
 The Star Reporter is a 1932 British crime drama directed by Michael Powell and starring Harold French and Garry Marsh. The screenplay was adapted from a story by popular thriller writer Philip MacDonald.The Star Reporter is one of eleven quota quickies directed by Powell between 1931 and 1936 of which no print is known to survive.
 The Invisible Monster (1950) is a Republic film serial.
 Kaalam Maari Pochu (English:Times have changed) is a 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by V. Sekar. The film features Pandiarajan Sangita Vadivelu Kovai Sarala R. Sundarrajan and Rekha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 13 April 1996. The movie was a blockbuster and received a fine welcome among the family audiences.
 My Favorite Brunette is a 1947 American romantic comedy film directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour. Written by Edmund Beloin and Jack Rose the film is about a baby photographer on death row in San Quentin State Prison who tells reporters his history.
 Pondatti Rajyam is a 1992 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Saravanan Ranjitha K. S. Ravikumar Raja Raveendar and Chithra in lead roles. The film produced by K. Prabhakaran had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 August 1992.
 XChange (also spelled: Xchange and X Change) is a 2000 Canadian science fiction thriller film directed by Allan Moyle.
 Rangila Jawan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Eva tropí hlouposti (Eva Fools Around) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1939.
 The Argues: The Movie is a 2010 Australian comedy/mockumentary directed by Mark Hembrow and starring David Argue Patricia Argue Steven Tandy and Stuart Thompson. The film was written by David Argue and Hembrow with improvisation by David Argue Patricia Argue and Thompson.
 L'hippopotamours is a 1976 French film.
 Paradise Found is a 2003 biographical film based on the life of Post-Impressionist painter Paul Gauguin.
 To Mee Navhech (Translated as: That's not me (Marathi: तो मी नव्हेच)) is a classic Marathi Play written by Acharya Atre. Though the protagonist role has been played by many actors since its inception in 1962 the role played by Prabhakar Panshikar is the most memorable. To Mee Navech is probably the first play in the world where the same actor has to do five completely different roles not to merely add to novelty value or as a stunt but because the story demands it.
 Double Vision (Chinese: 雙瞳; pinyin: Shuang tong) is a 2002 film directed by Chen Kuo-fu. The plot is about an FBI agent working with a troubled Taiwanese cop to hunt for a serial killer who is embedding a mysterious black fungus in the brains of the victims. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. Part of the film was shot in Arrow Studio.
 Roger & Me is a 1989 American documentary film directed by Michael Moore. Moore portrays the regional negative economic impact of General Motors CEO Roger Smith's summary action of closing several auto plants in Flint Michigan costing 30000 people their jobs at the time (80000 to date). In 2013 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Nešto između is a 1983 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Srdjan Karanovic. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Hands of Orlac (German: Orlac’s Hände) is a 1924 Austrian silent horror film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Conrad Veidt Alexandra Sorina and Fritz Kortner. The film's plot is based on the story Les Mains d'Orlac by Maurice Renard. Wiene had made his name as a director of Expressionist films such as The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and in The Hands of Orlac combined expressionist motifs with more naturalistic visuals. The film has been remade twice.
 Tango Charlie is a 2005 Indian anti-war film written and directed by Mani Shankar. The film stars Bobby Deol Ajay Devgan Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Tanisha Nandana Sen and Sudesh Berry.The film follows military man Tarun Chauhan (Bobby Deol) journey from young army recruit to war-hardened fighter in the Indian army.
 Lovestruck: The Musical is an American romance jukebox musical television film that premiered on April 21 2013 on ABC Family. The film is directed by Sanaa Hamri and produced by Gaylyn Fraiche and Salli Newman. It stars Chelsea Kane as young Harper/Debbie Hayworth Drew Seeley as young Ryan Sara Paxton as Mirabella Alexander Dipersia as Marco Adrienne Bailon as Noelle Jane Seymour as Harper Tom Wopat as Ryan and Sarbo Kamoo as Amanda.
 Sahara is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943. The film is directed by Jagatrai Pesumal Advani.
 Magnificent Ruffians aka “The Destroyers” is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Chen starring the Venom Mob.
 The Spirit of the Beehive (Spanish: El espíritu de la colmena) is a 1973 Spanish drama film directed by Víctor Erice. The film was Erice's debut and is considered a masterpiece of Spanish cinema.The film focuses on the young girl Ana and her fascination with the 1931 American horror film Frankenstein as well as exploring her family life and schooling. The film has been called a bewitching portrait of a child’s haunted inner life.
 Sajan is a 1969 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mohan Segal. It stars Manoj Kumar and Asha Parekh in pivotal roles.
 Miracle Landing is a 1990 television film based on an in-flight accident aboard Aloha Airlines Flight 243 that occurred in April 1988. The Boeing 737-200 was flying from Hilo Hawaii to Honolulu Hawaii when it experienced rapid decompression when a section of the fuselage was torn away. With one person blown from the cabin and dozens injured the aircraft was able to make a successful emergency landing at Kahului Airport on Maui.
 Gold Diggers in Paris is a 1938 Warner Bros. movie musical directed by Ray Enright with musical numbers created and directed by Busby Berkeley starring Rudy Vallee Rosemary Lane Hugh Herbert and Allen Jenkins.
 Sweet and Low is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood Harry von Meter and Vivian Rich directed by Sydney Ayres and released by Mutual Film Corporation.
 Lombardi is a 2010 documentary film surrounding Pro Football Hall of Fame head coach Vince Lombardi produced by NFL Films and HBO. The documentary is one of three productions detailing Lombardi along with a Broadway theatre and ESPN feature film.
 Teesri Kasam (translation: third oath) is a 1966 film based on a short story 'Mare Gaye Gulfam' by Phanishwarnath Renu - a Hindi novelist. The film stars Raj Kapoor and Waheeda Rehman. Music of the film was composed by the famed duo Shankar-Jaikishan.Directed by Basu Bhattacharya Teesri Kasam is an unconventional film that portrays the society of the rural India and simplicity of villagers.
 King for a Day (Bulgarian: Господин за един ден / Gospodin za edin den) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1983 directed by Nikolay Volev starring Todor Kolev and Itzhak Fintzi. The screenplay is written by Nikola Statkov based on his short stories “The Outlander” and “The Mister”.The main character Purko (Todor Kolev) is a poor peasant with many children constantly starting extravagant initiatives to get out of poverty during the hard times between the two world wars.
 Kung Fu Mahjong (Chinese: 雀聖) is a 2005 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Billy Chung. It is about an obsessive gambler Chi Mo Sai (Yuen Wah) and Auntie Fei (Yuen Qiu). The film was followed by two sequels Kung Fu Mahjong 2 which was released the same year as the first film and Kung Fu Mahjong 3: The Final Duel which was released in 2007.
 Martin's Day is a 1985 film directed by Alan Gibson. It stars Richard Harris and Lindsay Wagner.
 Heavenly Slug (Russian: Небесный тихоход - Nebesny Tikhokod) is a 1945 Soviet comedy film directed by Semyon Timoshenko.Major Bulochkin lieutenant Tucha and captain Kaisarov - three friends pilots officers vowed not to love until the end of the war. However military service is introduced from a female aviator squadron. And friends one after another began to take their positions.
 Three Faces of Sin (French: Le Puits aux trois vérités) is a 1961 French language motion picture comedy directed by François Villiers based on novel by Jean-Jaques Gauthier. The music score is by Maurice Jarre. The film stars Michèle Morgan Jean-Claude Brialy Catherine Spaak and Scilla Gabel.It tells the story of a painter who parts from his mistress and marries her daughter.
 OK Baytong (Thai: โอเค เบตง) is a 2003 Thai drama film about Buddhist-Muslim relations in southern Thailand. It is written and directed by Nonzee Nimibutr.
 Pope Dreams also known as Music for My Mother is a 2006 film written and directed by Patrick Hogan. The film won five awards at various film festivals.
 The Candy Trail is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Eagle's Mate is a 1914 silent film produced by the Famous Players film company and released through Paramount Pictures. The film starred Mary Pickford and was her first film working with the actor/director James Kirkwood. The film is based on a novel The Eagle's Mate by Anna Alice Chapin. It is a surviving film.
 Borderline is a 2008 Canadian film directed by Lyne Charlebois and co-written with Marie-Sissi Labrèche based on her novels Borderline and La Brèche. It has won ten awards and one nomination.
 Buffalo Bill in Tomahawk Territory is a 1952 Western starring Clayton Moore.Buffalo Bill is sent by the government to stop the caravans of the Native American chief White Cloud.
 Murder by Numbers is a 2002 psychological thriller film produced and directed by Barbet Schroeder. It stars Sandra Bullock Ben Chaplin Ryan Gosling and Michael Pitt. It is loosely based on the Leopold and Loeb case.The film was screened out of competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Glass Shield is a 1995 crime drama film starring Ice Cube Michael Boatman and Lori Petty directed by Charles Burnett.
 Mynaa (Tamil: மைனா; 'Myna; Telugu: Prema Khaidhi') is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed and written by Prabu Solomon. Jointly distributed by Udhayanidhi Stalin and Kalpathi S. Aghoram it stars Vidharth and Amala Paul in the lead roles. Featuring an acclaimed soundtrack by D.
 Team Batista Final: Kerberos no Shōzō (チーム・バチスタFINAL ケルベロスの肖像) is a 2014 Japanese mystery suspense film.
 Sound of Boot is a 2008 psychological thriller by Shaji Kailas starring Suresh Gopi Bala Honey Rose and Murali. The movie which is basically dubbed as an investigative thriller is shot like a psychological thriller.
 Maro Malupu is a 1982 Telugu film directed by Vejella Satyanarayana. This Nandi Award winning film is based on the Caste system in India and social conditions. Gummadi Venkateswara Rao played keyrole and won Nandi Award for his excellent performance.
 Minotaur and Little Nerkin is a 1999 short film created by Aardman Animations.
 The Magic Shoes is a 1935 Australian short film based on the fairy tale Cinderella. It features the first screen performance by Peter Finch and Helen Hughes daughter of former Prime Minister William Hughes and was the first dramatised movie to be shot at the National Studios built to make The Flying Doctor (1936). Today The Magic Shoes is considered a lost film. However 33 production and publicity stills relating to the film were recently discovered.
 Guru Sishyan (English: Teacher Student) is a Tamil language film released in 2010. It stars Sathyaraj and Sundar C in the lead roles. It is directed by Sakthi Chidambaram
 Raudram is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Renji Panicker. Mammootty plays the lead role of Narendran a dedicated Police officer. Sai Kumar Vijayaraghavan and Rajan P Dev plays other leading roles. It was declared as a hit of 2008. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Narhi and became blockbuster.
 Caged In Paradiso (alternate title Maximum Security) is a 1990 American action film starring Irene Cara Peter Kowanko Paula Bond and directed by Mike Snyder. It was filmed on St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.
 Los Andes no creen en Dios (The Andes do not believe in God) is a 2007 Bolivian film directed by Antonio Eguino. It is a drama set in a mining town in the Andes in the 1920s.
 Thieves' Clothes is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 In the Dough is a 1932 American comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and featuring Shemp Howard of the Three Stooges.
 The Van Nostrand Tiara is a 1913 silent film featuring Harry Carey.
 Love and Bruises is a 2011 French/Chinese drama film directed by Lou Ye. The film premiered at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
 HWY: An American Pastoral is a film by Jim Morrison Frank Lisciandro Paul Ferrara and Babe Hill and stars Morrison as a hitchhiker. It is a 50-minute experimental film in Direct Cinema style. It was shot during the spring and summer of 1969 in the Mojave Desert and in Los Angeles.
 The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo. The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Troy Quane and it stars the voices of George Lopez Jack Angel Melissa Sturm Fred Armisen Gary Basaraba Anton Yelchin and Hank Azaria. The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios.
 Sambhavami Yuge Yuge is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Vibrator (ヴァイブレータ) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Ryūichi Hiroki.
 Il Cammino di una grande amica is a 1951 Italian documentary film directed by Lino Lionello Ghirardini.
 A Time for Dying is a Western film starring Audie Murphy as Jesse James. This was Murphy's last movie as well as the final dramatic feature for director Budd Boetticher.
 The Highest Bid is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by and starring William Russell and Charlotte Burton.
 Tonight or Never is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Gloria Swanson and featuring Boris Karloff.
 The Testament of Dr. Mabuse (German: Das Testament des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1933 German crime film directed by Fritz Lang. The movie is a sequel to Lang's silent film Dr. Mabuse the Gambler (1922) and features many cast and crew members from Lang's previous films. The film features Rudolf Klein-Rogge as Dr. Mabuse who is in an insane asylum where he is found frantically writing his crime plans.
 Life of Crime is a 2014 American crime comedy film based on the novel The Switch by Elmore Leonard. It was directed by Daniel Schechter and was the closing night movie of the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and the opening film of the Abu Dhabi Film Festival.
 The Last of the Blonde Bombshells is a 2000 British-American television film directed by Gillies MacKinnon. The script by Alan Plater focuses on the efforts of a recently widowed woman to reunite the members of the World War II-era swing band with which she played saxophone.It features Carry On actress Joan Sims in her final acting performance before her death in 2001 and Romola Garai in her first professional role.The film was a joint project of BBC Films and HBO.
 Tigger & Pooh and a Musical Too is a 2009 direct-to-video film based on the hit Playhouse Disney series My Friends Tigger & Pooh. It is the second film of the series. It was released on DVD on April 7 2009. It premiered on Playhouse Disney less than a week later on April 11. Unlike the Super Sleuth Christmas Movie it is treated more like a regular film than as part of the series.
 Remarkable Power is a 2008 film directed by Brandon Beckner who also co-wrote the script.The comedy features Tom Arnold Kevin Nealon Evan Peters Nora Zehetner Kip Pardue Dule Hill and Johnny Messner. It was filmed between October 9 and November 4 2006 in Los Angeles.
 Official Officers is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 40th Our Gang short subject released.
 Herr Wichmann aus der dritten Reihe is a documentary film directed by Andreas Dresen. The film was released in 2012 and follows the CDU politician Henryk Wichmann as a member of the Landtag of Brandenburg.
 The General's Daughter is a 1999 murder mystery film directed by Simon West starring John Travolta. The plot concerns the mysterious death of the daughter of a prominent general. The movie is based on the 1992 novel by the same name written by Nelson DeMille. The film grossed $22 million in its opening weekend and $102 million in its total domestic run.
 Dad Made Dirty Movies is a 2011 Bulgarian-German documentary film by Jordan Todorov following Stephen C. Apostolof's life and career. The film premiered at Visions du Réel International Film Festival in April 2011 and consists of archive footage as well as interviews with Apostolof's family friends and associates. The film also includes never before seen archive footage from making of Orgy of the Dead - Apostolof's most well known film.
 Naan Avanillai 2 (English: I am Not Him) is a 2009 Tamil romantic mystery film directed by Selva. It is the sequel to the Naan Avanillai (2007). Jeevan reprises the lead role while the female roles are enacted by Sangeetha Lakshmi Rai Shweta Menon and Sruthi Prakash and Rachana Maurya. D. Imman who did the film score for the first part of the film replaced Vijay Antony as the music director. The film was released on 27 November 2009 to extremely negative reviews.
 The Strength and Agility of Insects is a 1911 British short silent documentary film directed by F. Percy Smith featuring close-ups of a houseflies and other insects secured and juggling various objects with its feet.
 Hamilton: In the Interest of the Nation is a 2012 spy film directed by Danish director Kathrine Windfeld. The film was supported by the Swedish Film Institute. It is the first part of a trilogy. Hamilton: In the Interest of the Nation preceded Agent Hamilton: But Not If It Concerns Your Daughter.
 Shadows of the Heart is a 1990 Australian mini series. It was shot on Kangaroo Island 22 January to 17 March 1990.
 Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet is a 1965 science fiction film directed by Curtis Harrington. The film is an American adapted and edited version of the Soviet science fiction movie Planeta Bur (Planet of the Storms) directed by Pavel Klushantsev with Curtis Harrington filming extra scenes featuring Basil Rathbone and American actors for the US/English speaking market.In the story it is 2020 and the Moon has been colonized.
 Blank is a 2009 French drama written and directed by Cyril de Gasperis. Its original French title is L'absence.
 Der alte und der junge König (The Old and the Young King) is a German historical film by Hans Steinhoff made under Nazi rule in 1935.The film ostensibly deals with the intense conflict between Prussian King Friedrich Wilhelm I and his son and heir Crown Prince Friedrich - the future King Friedrich II The Great.
 Satan's School for Girls (2000) is a dramatic horror film starring Shannen Doherty Julie Benz Daniel Cosgrove and Kate Jackson. It is a remake of a 1973 ABC Movie of the Week of the same name.
 Author! Author! is a 1982 film directed by Arthur Hiller written by Israel Horovitz and is loosely autobiographical. It stars Al Pacino Dyan Cannon and Tuesday Weld.It concerns the familial and relationship troubles of a stressed Armenian-American Broadway writer Ivan Travalian (Pacino) as he struggles to write an original play entitled English with Tears.
 Lyiza is a 2011 Rwandan short film directed by Marie-Clementine Dusabejambo.
 Wrong World is a 1985 Australian film directed by Ian Pringle. It was filmed in Nhill and Melbourne in Victoria Australia.
 The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 drama film directed produced and co-written by George Roy Hill. Set during 1926–1931 the movie stars Robert Redford as a disaffected World War I veteran pilot who missed the opportunity to fly in combat and his sense of dislocation post-war in the America of the early 1920s. The movie questions the concept of heroism essentially by seeing it as a quality rather than a deed. Margot Kidder Bo Svenson Edward Hermann and Susan Sarandon round out the cast.
 Lego Batman: The Movie – DC Super Heroes Unite is a direct-to-video animated film based on the video game Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes. Though the film has cutscenes from the video game the gameplay is replaced by new scenes with the same actors. The plot revolves around Lex Luthor and the Joker teaming up to destroy Gotham City with Batman and Robin teaming up with the Justice League in order to save Gotham. The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on May 21 2013.
 Foxfire Light is a 1982 American film. It stars Leslie Nielsen and Tippi Hedren. It is based on a romance novel by Janet Dailey.
 The Kid from Cleveland is a 1949 sports drama film starring George Brent Lynn Bari and Russ Tamblyn. Directed by Herbert Kline the film was released by Republic Pictures.
 The Stepfather is a 1987 American thriller slasher starring Terry O'Quinn in the title role. It is loosely based on the life of mass murderer John List although the plot is more commonly associated with slasher films of the era than a true story. It was directed by Joseph Ruben and written by Donald E. Westlake from a story by Westlake Carolyn Lefcourt and Brian Garfield.Although the film had filming started and ending in 1985 it was not released until later in 1987.
 Diamonds on Wheels is a 1974 British family comedy film directed by Jerome Courtland and starring Patrick Allen George Sewell and Derek Newark and Barry Jackson.
 Elektra is a 2005 Canadian-American superhero film directed by Rob Bowman. It is a spin-off from the 2003 film Daredevil starring the Marvel Comics character Elektra Natchios (portrayed by Jennifer Garner). The story follows Elektra an assassin whose weapon of choice is a pair of sai.For the screenplay Zak Penn Stuart Zicherman and Raven Metzner received written by credit.
 The Home Song Stories is an Australian film released in 2007. Written and directed by acclaimed Tony Ayres of Walking on Water (2002) The Home Song Stories stars Joan Chen Joel Lok Qi Yu Wu Irene Chen Steven Vidler and Kerry Walker.The film was announced as the Australian entry for the Foreign Language Film category of the Oscars. It received a total of nine nominations at the 2007 Inside Film Awards which were held on 16 November at Crowne Plaza Royal Pines Resort Gold Coast.
 Hand in Hand is a 1960 British dramatic film about the friendship between two young children one a Catholic boy about nine the other a 7-year-old Jewish girl.Hand in Hand was released theatrically in the United States in 1961 by Columbia Pictures but it is perhaps best known by its several airings on the CBS Children's Film Festival between 1968 and 1972.
 In the Bleak Midwinter (also known as A Midwinter's Tale) is a 1995 British romantic comedy written and directed by Kenneth Branagh. Many of the roles in the film were written for specific actors.The film begins with a monologue by out-of-work actor Joe Harper (Michael Maloney) about his slow decline into depression.
 Lady Death: The Movie is a 2004 American animated film based on the comic book character Lady Death. This film was the first animation project produced by now-defunct anime distributor A.D. Vision. It had premiered at the 2004 Comic-Con convention. The film was released on DVD October 9 2004 and had been aired on A.D. Vison's Anime Network. This film has not been rated. A Blu-ray Disc edition of the film was released by AEsir Holdings and Section23 Films on September 20 2011.
 Coming Soon is a 1999 American romantic comedy film and is also Ashton Kutcher's debut role.
 Ultraman: Great Monster Decisive Battle (ウルトラマン怪獣大決戦 Urutoraman Kaijū Daikessen) is a 1979 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film produced by Tsuburaya Productions consisting of re-edited material from the original television series Ultraman.
 Priyathama Neevachata Kusalama (Telugu: ప్రియతమా నీవచట కుశలమా English: Darling are you fine there) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Trinadha Rao Nakkina starring Varun Sandesh Hasika and Komal Jha in the Lead Roles. J. Samba Siva Rao produced this film and Sai Karthik provided the music.
 Leonie (レオニー) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Hisako Matsui and starring Emily Mortimer and Shido Nakamura. The film is based on the life of Léonie Gilmour the American lover and editorial assistant of Japanese writer Yone Noguchi and mother of sculptor Isamu Noguchi and dancer Ailes Gilmour.
 The Caine Mutiny is a 1954 American drama film set during World War II directed by Edward Dmytryk and produced by Stanley Kramer. It stars Humphrey Bogart José Ferrer Van Johnson and Fred MacMurray and is based on the 1951 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Herman Wouk The Caine Mutiny. The film depicts a mutiny aboard a fictitious World War II U.S.
 Hero (1987) is the official documentary film of the 1986 FIFA World Cup held in Mexico.The film was narrated by Michael Caine and the music score was written by Rick Wakeman. Hero found the most success in Argentina since the focal point of the film was Diego Maradona and his role in the quarter-final match against England more specifically the Hand of God goal and the Goal of the Century. The match and the championship were eventually won by Argentina.
 Knucklehead is a comedy film starring Big Show (Paul Wight) Mark Feuerstein Melora Hardin and Dennis Farina. It was released on October 22 2010 in select theaters. The DVD was released on November 9 2010.
 Nightmare is a 1956 psychological thriller film noir starring Edward G. RobinsonThe story is based on a novel by William Irish (aka Cornell Woolrich). The book also became a 1947 film Fear in the Night.
 Nella terra di Don Chisciotte (English-language title In the Land of Don Quixote) is an Italian-language documentary travelogue series about Spain made by Orson Welles. It began filming in 1961 but did not air until 1964. The series follows Welles' travels around Spain and was narrated by Arnoldo Foà. The series was made for Radiotelevisione Italiana (RAI-TV). Co-starring with Welles were his Italian wife Paola Mori and their young daughter Beatrice Welles.
 The Happy Hooker Goes to Hollywood (also called The Happy Hooker Goes Hollywood) is a 1980 film starring two-time Bond girl Martine Beswick Chris Lemmon Adam West and Phil Silvers.The film the last of a trilogy is loosely based on the life of Xaviera Hollander a prostitute from the Netherlands as she attempts to make a film in Hollywood based on her best-selling book about her life.
 Bernie is a 1996 movie from French director and actor Albert Dupontel.
 Kaadhal Mannan (Tamil: காதல் மன்னன்; English: King of Love) is a 1998 Tamil romantic film directed by Saran which features Ajith Kumar and Maanu in the lead roles. The film also saw prominent music composer M. S. Viswanathan make his debut in a supporting role whilst Vivek Karan and Girish Karnad also played other roles. The film which had music composed by Bharathwaj was released in March 1998 to positive reviews.
 Her Benny is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Sydney Wood Babs Reynolds and Charles Buckmaster. It is adapted from the popular Victorian novel Her Benny (1879) by Silas Hocking. It follows a young boy from Liverpool as he grows up in a harsh environment.
 The Wild Stallion is a film released straight to DVD in late 2009. Miranda Cosgrove Danielle Chuchran Robert Wagner Paul Sorvino Connie Sellecca and Fred Ward. It was distributed by Myriad Pictures. In December 2010 the popular Horse Book Club PONY included The Wild Stallion in their package.
 Taurus (Russian: Телец translit. Telets) is a 2001 Russian biographical drama film directed by Alexander Sokurov portraying Vladimir Lenin. It was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dark Water (Japanese: 仄暗い水の底から Honogurai Mizu no soko kara lit. From the bottom of Dark Water) is a 2002 Japanese horror film directed by Hideo Nakata the director of Ring and Ring 2. Dark Water is based on Floating Water a short story by Koji Suzuki. The plot follows a divorced mother who moves into a rundown apartment with her daughter only to experience supernatural occurrences and a mysterious water leak from the floor above which is eventually traced back to the former tenants.
 Private Confessions (Swedish: Enskilda samtal) is a 1996 Swedish drama film directed by Liv Ullmann and written by Ingmar Bergman. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chowkidar is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Shyam Ralham. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Vinod Khanna and Yogeeta Bali in lead roles and Om Prakash in supporting role.
 The Boys from St. Petri (Danish: Drengene fra Sankt Petri) is a 1991 Danish drama film directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen. It was screened out of competition at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.The film is inspired by the activities of the Churchill Club but the actual plot is fiction.
 His New Job is a 1915 American short silent comedy film written by directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin. Gloria Swanson appears as an uncredited extra. The title is an inside reference to this being Chaplin's first film after leaving Keystone Studios for Essanay Studios. It was also the only film Chaplin shot at Essanay's Chicago studio. He found the facilities and climate (His New Job was shot in mid-winter) not to his liking and Chaplin soon relocated back to California.
 Breaking Loose is a 1988 Australian film. It was a sequel to Summer City (1977).The movie was originally announced in 1985 as The End of Innocence when it was to be written and directed by Alan Dickes and to star Christopher Pate.
 Companionate Marriage was a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Erle C. Kenton and starring Betty Bronson and released by First National Pictures. The film is now considered lost. The film was a collaboration between the company of Asher Small Rogers and Sam Sax. It was banned by the New York State Censor.
 Flickan från tredje raden (English: The Girl from the Third Row) is a 1949 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.
 The Pact is the feature length documentary film directed and produced by Andrea Kalin presented by the National Black Programming Consortium and aired on public television about three childhood friends from New Jersey who make a pact to help keep each other in school graduate and all successfully become doctors. The three men now appear as motivational speakers known as The Three Doctors.
 The Groomsmen is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Edward Burns. It opened in New York City and Los Angeles on July 14 2006. Filming took place at many locations on City Island New York.
 Polite People (Icelandic: Kurteist fólk) is a 2011 Icelandic comedy film directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson.
 The Hucksters is a 1947 MGM film directed by Jack Conway and starring Clark Gable that marked the debut of Deborah Kerr in an American film. The supporting cast includes Sydney Greenstreet Adolphe Menjou Keenan Wynn Edward Arnold and Ava Gardner. The movie is based on the novel The Hucksters by Frederic Wakeman Sr.
 Populaire is a 2012 French romantic comedy film directed by Régis Roinsard. It was co-written by Roinsard Daniel Presley and Romain Compingt. Populaire was released in France on 28 November 2012. The film's title is taken from the name of the typewriter (Japy Populaire) used in the film.
 Mi campeón (My Champion) is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Zeitgeist: Moving Forward is the third installment in Peter Joseph's Zeitgeist film trilogy. The film was launched for free on the internet starting January 26 2011. As of August 2013 the film has over 21 million views on YouTube.
 Bride of Glomdal (Norwegian: Glomdalsbruden) is a 1926 film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer. It is based on the stories Glomdalsbruden and Eline Vangen by Jacob Breda Bull.
 A Esperança Está Onde Menos Se Espera is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by Joaquim Leitão.
 The Chapman Report is a 1962 film made by DFZ Productions and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was directed by George Cukor and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and Richard D. Zanuck from a screenplay by Wyatt Cooper and Don Mankiewicz adapted by Gene Allen and Grant Stuart from Irving Wallace's 1961 novel The Chapman Report.
 Babel is a 2006 international drama film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu and written by Guillermo Arriaga starring an ensemble cast. The multi-narrative drama completes Iñárritu's Death Trilogy following Amores perros and 21 Grams.The film portrays multiple stories taking place in Morocco Japan and Mexico/U.S.A. It was an international co-production among companies based in France Mexico and the U.S.
 How to Deal is a 2003 film directed by Clare Kilner and starring Mandy Moore Allison Janney and Trent Ford. It is based on two novels by Sarah Dessen That Summer and Someone like You.
 Public Telephone (French: Téléphone public) is a 1980 French documentary film directed by Jean-Marie Périer. It was screened out of competition at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Face of an Angel is a British psychological thriller film directed by Michael Winterbottom and written by Paul Viragh based on the novel titled Angel Face written by Barbie Latza Nadeau. The film stars Kate Beckinsale Daniel Brühl and Cara Delevingne.The film is based on the real-life story of Amanda Knox who was accused of the murder of Meredith Kercher in 2007.
 Anthasthu is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Thyagarajan for Devar Films. The film stars Murali Ilavarasi and Lakshmi in the lead roles.
 Touchback is a 2012 film written and directed by Don Handfield. It stars Brian Presley Melanie Lynskey and Kurt Russell. Reviews were mixed and it currently has a 38% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 13 reviews.
 Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky is a 2009 French film directed by Jan Kounen. It was chosen as the Closing Film of the 2009 Cannes Film Festival and was shown on 24 May 2009.Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky is based on the 2002 fictional novel Coco and Igor by Chris Greenhalgh and traces a rumoured affair between Coco Chanel and Igor Stravinsky in Paris in 1920 the year that Chanel No. 5 was created. Greenhalgh also wrote the screenplay for the film.
 Sex Guy's Inn: Women's Wiggling Asses (性奴の宿　うごめく女尻 Seiyatsu no Yado: Ugokumeku Mejiri) is a 2000 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima. It won the Best Film 7th Place award at the Pink Grand Prix. For their performances Mayuko Sasaki was given the Best Actress award and Shiori Kawamura was named Best New Actress at the ceremony.
 If I Had to Do It All Over Again (French: Si c'était à refaire) is a film directed by Claude Lelouch released in 1976.
 Wings Over Africa is a 1936 British adventure film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Joan Gardner Ian Colin James Harcourt and James Carew. A British expedition searches for a cache of buried diamonds in Africa.
 A Screaming Man (French: Un homme qui crie) is a 2010 French-Chadian drama film by Mahamat Saleh Haroun starring Youssouf Djaoro and Diouc Koma. It revolves around the current civil war in Chad and tells the story of a man who sends his son to war in order to regain his position at an upscale hotel. Themes of fatherhood and the culture of war are explored. Principal photography took place on location in N'Djamena and Abéché. The film won the Jury Prize at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Prince and the Beggarmaid is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Henry Ainley Kathleen Vaughan and Harvey Braban. It was based on a play by Walter Howard.
 The Pianist is a 1991 film directed by Claude Gagnon. It was based on the novel A Certain Mr. Takahashi by Ann Ireland. Two sisters (Gail Travers and Macha Grenon) relate the story of their infatuation with a neighborhood boy (Eiji Okuda) who has gone on to become a celebrated concert pianist.
 ¡Viva lo imposible! is a 1958 Spanish comedy film adapted from the play ¡Viva lo imposible! o el contable de las estrellas by Miguel Mihura and Joaquín Calvo Sotelo and directed by Rafael Gil. It was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Naku Penta Naku Taka is an upcoming Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty and produced by Gokulam Gopalan starring Indrajith Sukumaran Bhama Murali Gopy and veteran actor Shankar.
 Final Shot: The Hank Gathers Story is an American 1992 sports drama biography television film about the life of Loyola Marymount basketball player Eric Hank Gathers written for Tribune Entertainment by Fred Johnson Don Enright and Ed Fields and directed by Charles Braverman.
 Compañeros de aventuras is a 1948 Argentine film.
 Azazel (2002) (Russian: Азазель) is a Russian made for TV adaptation of Boris Akunin's introductory 'Erast Fandorin' novel The Winter Queen.
 Tarang (English: Wages and Profits) is a 1984 Indian drama film written and directed by Kumar Shahani. The film is Shahani's second feature film after his most famous work Maya Darpan and took him more than 12 years to raise funding for. The movie is considered along with Shahani's other features to be a seminal work of India's Parallel Cinema movement.
 What We Do Is Secret is a 2007 American biographical film about Darby Crash singer of the late-1970s Los Angeles punk rock band The Germs. Rodger Grossman directed the film and wrote the screenplay based on a story he had written with Michelle Baer Ghaffari a friend of Crash's and co-producer of the film.
 Fire Dragon is a 1994 wuxia film with comedy and action elements which features Brigitte Lin.
 Totò Peppino e...la dolce vita is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.It is a parody of Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita and it was filmed in the same sets.
 Forced Entry is a 2002 pornographic film written and directed by Lizzy Borden produced by Rob Zicari and released by Extreme Associates. The film is loosely based on the crimes of California serial killer Richard Ramirez.
 Beauty and the Barge is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Gordon Harker Judy Gunn and Jack Hawkins. It was produced by Julius Hagen's production company Twickenham Film Studios but made at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith rather than at Twickenham. It was based on the 1905 play Beauty and the Barge by W. W. Jacobs.
 Bathing Franky is a 2012 Australian film directed by Owen Elliott. The movie was released on May 26 2012 and centers on a young man struggling to reconnect with his life after being released from prison.
 Maria Mariana II is the 1998 Malaysian drama film and sequel to the 1996's hit film of the same title Maria Mariana. The film was directed by Dato' Yusof Haslam and was released in Malaysia on April 2 1998.
 Prison Ball is a 2004 American documentary film directed by Jason Moriarty and written by Jeff Scheftel. The 90-minute film is narrated by Ice-T.Prison Ball is about prison basketball as practiced by prisoners within prison walls. The documentary interviews various inmates and prison officials and specialists on the matter and tackles as well prison basketball leagues operating within prison systems.
 Kissing Cousins is a film starring Samrat Chakrabarti and Rebecca Hazlewood. It is a romantic comedy about a relationship terminator who falls for his cousin released in 2008.
 The Legend of Bhagat Singh is a 2002 Indian historical biographical film about Bhagat Singh a freedom fighter who fought for Indian independence. It was directed by Rajkumar Santoshi and starred Ajay Devgan Sushant Singh and Ian Davies.
 Armless is a 2010 comedy film directed by Habib Azar and written by Kyle Jarrow starring Daniel London Janel Moloney Matt Walton Zoe Lister-Jones and Laurie Kennedy.It was an official selection of the 2010 Sundance Film Festival as part of the new category 'NEXT' which selects films for their innovative and original work in low- and no-budget filmmaking.
 Chinna Madam is a 1994 Tamil drama film directed by Dilip Kumar. The film features Ramki Vineetha and Nadhiya in lead roles. The film produced by R. B. Choudary had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 15 July 1994.
 The Girl From Outback is a 1911 Australian film. It was called a thrilling story of real Australian bush life. It starred actors and actresses who are experts in their art.It is a lost film.
 Olympus Has Fallen is a 2013 American action thriller film. Directed by Antoine Fuqua it stars Gerard Butler Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman with Angela Bassett Robert Forster Cole Hauser Finley Jacobsen Ashley Judd Melissa Leo Dylan McDermott Radha Mitchell and Rick Yune in supporting roles. The film depicts a North Korean-led guerrilla assault on the White House and focuses on Secret Service agent Mike Banning's efforts to stop them.
 Bahala Chennagide (Kannada: ಬಹಳ ಚೆನ್ನಾಗಿದೆ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar Shashikumar and Jaya Sealin the lead roles. The film is directed by M.S.Rajshekar and based on the Telugu language film Chala Bagundi (2000) directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana.
 Highlander: The Source is the fifth and final installment of the Highlander film series directed by Brett Leonard and was intended to be the first film of a planned trilogy on SciFi Channel though no further direct sequels are currently planned. Adrian Paul reprises his role as Duncan MacLeod from the television series and the fourth film Highlander: Endgame. Highlander: The Source is the first Highlander film in the franchise not to be released in American theatres.
 Ranga SSLC is a 2004 Indian Kannada-language Comedy-dramafilm directed by Yogaraj Bhat and produced by N. Kumar. Music was composed by Sandeep Chowta. The movie starred Sudeep and Ramya in lead roles
 Per amore di Poppea (For the Love of Poppaea) is a 1977 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti and set in the ancient Rome.
 Portrait of Clare is a 1950 British drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Margaret Johnston Richard Todd Robin Bailey and Ronald Howard.
 Chan Is Missing is a 1982 film directed by Wayne Wang which tells the story of two taxi drivers searching the streets of San Francisco's Chinatown for the man who ran off with their money. It stars Wood Moy Marc Hayashi and Laureen Chew.The movie was written by Isaac Cronin and Wayne Wang directed by Wang and dedicated to Wong Cheen (or Wong Ch'ien or Hwang Qian).
 Bronco Bullfrog is a 1970 British black-and-white film directed by Barney Platts-Mills. It was Platts-Mills' first full-length feature film.
 Through an Open Window is a 1993 American short film directed by Eric Mendelsohn. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jaagoo (Bengali: জাগো) is a Bangladeshi sports based romantic Movies. Its writer and director Khijir Hayat Khan. Adnan Karim sponsored youth football game built this film was released in 2010. The film is produced by Sharjeel Karim and Adnan Karim and directed by Khijir Hayat Khan who has written the story screenplay and dialogues of the film. The film features Ferdous Ahmed and Afsana Ara Bindu in lead roles and with supporting Arefin Shuvo Tariq Anam Ronok Hasaan and many more.
 The Combination of the Safe is a 1914 American silent short crime drama directed by Francis J. Grandon and written by William Wing. The film starred Earle Foxe in the main role as a diamond thief.
 Bratz Genie Magic is a 2006 Bratz direct-to-DVD film. It is the third movie based on the Bratz brand following Bratz: Starrin' & Stylin' and Bratz Rock Angelz. It is the second CGI film for the brand. The film acts as a continuation of Bratz Rock Angelz as the Bratz are seen performing as a band in the opening sequence.
 God of Gamblers Returns (Chinese: 賭神2; Cantonese Yale: Du shen xu ji; literally God of Gamblers 2) also known as God of Gamblers' Return and The Return of the God of Gamblers  is a 1994 Hong Kong action-drama-comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing. It starred Chow Yun-fat Tony Leung Ka-fai Sharla Cheung Charles Heung Jacklyn Wu and Chingmy Yau. Not to be confused with the 1991 God of Gamblers II also directed by Wong Jing.
 High Crime (Italian: La polizia incrimina la legge assolve) also known by its UK video title The Marseilles Connection is a 1973 poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. The film stars Franco Nero James Whitmore Delia Boccardo and Fernando Rey.High Crime was a big success at the time of its release and helped popularize the Italian cop thriller genre.
 Los jueves milagro (English: On Thursday miracle) is a 1957 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga about some people in a small village of Spain who decide to fake a miracle in order to increase the tourism but things don't go as planned.Most shots of the film were made in Alhama de Aragón Zaragoza.
 I Frankenstein is a 2014 Australian-American fantasy action film written and directed by Stuart Beattie based on the graphic novel by Kevin Grevioux. It stars Aaron Eckhart Bill Nighy Yvonne Strahovski Miranda Otto Jai Courtney and Kevin Grevioux.
 North of Superior is a 1971 Canadian IMAX film directed by Graeme Ferguson. It is a travelogue of the area of Ontario north of Lake Superior. It was commissioned for the new Ontario Place and was one of the first IMAX films made.Designed to show off the large size screen and detail of IMAX images the film continues to be shown in IMAX festivals and has been exhibited internationally.
 The Day After Tomorrow is a 2004 American science fiction disaster film co-written directed and produced by Roland Emmerich. The film depicts fictional catastrophic climatic effects in a series of extreme weather events that usher in global cooling and leads to a new ice age.
 Jewel Thief is a 1967 Spy thriller Hindi film directed by Vijay Anand. The film stars Dev Anand Vyjayantimala and Ashok Kumar in the lead roles. It also features four bond girl-like actresses portrayed by Tanuja Helen Faryal and Anju Mahendru with other actors appearing in supporting roles. It was produced by Dev Anand's home production Navketan Films following their biggest hit in 1965 - Guide.The film became a box office hit. J.M.
 Yana's Friends (Hebrew: החברים של יאנה HaHaverim shel Yana‎) is a 1999 Israeli film directed by Arik Kaplun. Critically acclaimed it won 10 Israeli Academy Awards including the Ophir Award for Best Picture. It also won the Crystal Globe at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1999. The film has a very rare 100% rating on the film website Rotten Tomatoes based on 30 reviews.
 Pardon My Terror is the short subject starring Richard Lane and Gus Schilling. The supporting cast also includes Christine McIntyre Lynne Lyons Philip Van Zandt Kenneth McDonald Dick Wessel Vernon Dent Emil Sitka and Dudley Dickerson.
 Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal (Malayalam: നമുക്കു പാർക്കാൻ മുന്തിരിത്തോപ്പുകൾ namukku pāṟkkāṉ muntirittōppukaḻ ?; translation: Vineyards for Us to Dwell In) is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Padmarajan. The film is noted for its rich and detailed screenplay expressive cinematography and flowing musical narration. The film is considered as one of the seminal works of the golden age of Malayalam films that lasted from the late 1980s until the early 1990s.
 The Great American Pastime is a 1956 film.
 Lamhaa (Hindi: लम्हा Urdu: لمحا‎ translation: Moment) is a Bollywood action thriller film written and directed by Rahul Dholakia released on 16 July 2010. Set in Kashmir the film is a story about an army officer played by Sanjay Dutt and his love interest played by Bipasha Basu in the midst of the various issues that Kashmir had faced over the years. It also features Anupam Kher and Kunal Kapoor in supporting roles.
 The Virginian (1923) is a silent film based upon the Owen Wister novel The Virginian. It stars Kenneth Harlan as the Virginian and Russell Simpson as Trampas. The film was directed by Tom Forman and has been overshadowed by the 1929 film The Virginain with Gary Cooper and Walter Huston.
 H.O.T.S. is a 1979 sex comedy. The film stars three Playboy Playmates — Susan Kiger (January 1977) Pamela Bryant (April 1978) and Sandy Johnson (June 1974) — as well as former Miss USA of 1972 Lindsay Bloom sexploitation actress Angela Aames and B-movie veteran Lisa London. Danny Bonaduce appears in a supporting role.The cast frequently appear in tight white T-shirts with the H.O.T.S. logo and red-orange shorts. Some reviewers believe this wardrobe inspired the Hooters uniforms.
 The Mutiny of the Elsinore is a 1937 British action film directed by Roy Lockwood and starring Lyn Harding Jiro Soneya and Paul Lukas. Following a mutiny on a ship against a brutal captain a writer who happens to be aboard as a passenger is asked to take over. It was an adaptation of the novel The Mutiny of the Elsinore by Jack London.
 Romper Stomper is a 1992 Australian crime drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Wright starring Russell Crowe Daniel Pollock Jacqueline McKenzie and Tony Lee. The film follows the exploits and downfall of a neo-Nazi group in blue-collar suburban Melbourne.
 Apolinar is a Mexican fantasy drama film directed in 1971 by Julio Castillo and produced by Alejandro Jodorowsky and Robert Viskin. The film was shot on location in and around Atotonilco San Miguel de Allende Guanajuato in Mexico. Art direction was by Octavio Ocampo.
 Artworks is a 2003 crime film.
 Bande Utkala Janani (Oriya: ବନ୍ଦେ ଉତ୍କଳ ଜନନୀ;Salute to Mother Utkala) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Suvendu Swain. The film deals with themes of patriotism and honesty towards profession.That this is the first Oriya film released through satellite using Digital UFO system.
 Days of Glory (French: Indigènes - Natives; Arabic: بلديون‎) is a 2006 French film directed by Rachid Bouchareb. The cast includes Sami Bouajila Jamel Debbouze Samy Naceri Roschdy Zem Mélanie Laurent and Bernard Blancan.The film deals with the discriminatory treatment of North Africa soldiers serving in the Free French Forces during the Second World War.
 Mixed Company is a 1974 comedy-drama film directed by Melville Shavelson and written by Shavelson and Mort Lachman. It stars Barbara Harris Joseph Bologna and Haywood Nelson.
 Jack Frost 2: Revenge of the Mutant Killer Snowman is the 2000 sequel to the 1996 horror/comedy film Jack Frost. It has since attracted cult status for its poor special effects and comical death scenes.
 Rajoo Dada is a 1992 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by D S Azad starring Mithun Chakraborty Vijayendra Ghatge Kajal Kiran and Neeta Metha. Eventhough the film was censored in 1990 it had a theatrical release only in 1992.
 Lord Jim is a 1965 adventure film made by Columbia Pictures. The picture was produced and directed by Richard Brooks with Jules Buck and Peter O'Toole as associate producers from a screenplay by Brooks. The film stars O'Toole James Mason Curt Jürgens Eli Wallach Jack Hawkins Paul Lukas and Daliah Lavi.It is the second film adaptation of the 1900 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad.
 Spymaker: The Secret Life of Ian Fleming is a 1990 TV biographical film of the life of Ian Fleming creator of the popular James Bond spy character retracing his playboy youth his expulsion from various colleges his experiences as a newspaper writer and his tour of duty for the British intelligence agency during World War II. Fleming himself is played by Jason Connery son of Sean Connery the actor who helped make Bond an icon in the films made in the 1960s.
 Bernardine is a 1957 film directed by Henry Levin and starring Pat Boone Terry Moore Dean Jagger Dick Sargent and (in her last film after a 19-year absence) Janet Gaynor. The 1952 play upon which the movie is based was written by Mary Coyle Chase the Denver playwright who also wrote the smash hit Broadway play Harvey. The title song with words and music by Johnny Mercer became a hit record for Boone.
 Adieu Blaireau (Farewell Blaireau) is a 1985 film directed by Bob Decout.The picture stars Philippe Léotard Annie Girardot and Juliette Binoche and premiered at the 1985 Cognac Festival du Film Policier.
 The Beast Within is a 1982 horror film directed by Philippe Mora and starring Ronny Cox Bibi Besch Paul Clemens L. Q. Jones Don Gordon R. G. Armstrong Katherine Moffat and Meshach Taylor.The film is a very loose adaptation of Edward Levy's 1981 novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Tom Holland and an uncredited Danilo Bach; it was Holland's first feature film script though he had previously written for television.
 Visions of Eight is a 1973 American documentary film produced by David L. Wolper and Stan Margulies offering a stylized look at the 1972 Summer Olympics directed by eight different directors. It was screened at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition. It was later shown as part of the Cannes Classics section of the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. Some visuals of the Munich stadium from the documentary were used in Without Limits.
 4.3.2.1 is a 2010 British crime thriller film directed by Noel Clarke and Mark Davis. The film stars Ophelia Lovibond Emma Roberts Shanika-Warren Markland Tamsin Egerton Adam Deacon Ashley 'Bashy' Thomas Gregg Chillin and Noel Clarke who also wrote co-directed and co-produced it. It was released on 2 June 2010.
 The Comedy Garage is a documentary by director Logan Leistikow released in 2011 depicting a day in the life of five rising star comedians who produce a stand up comedy show performed on a self-made stage in their garage in Burbank California.
 Russian Holiday is a 1992 film directed by Greydon Clark. It stars Jeff Altman and Victoria Barrett.
 Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar (French: Astérix & Obélix contre César Asterix & Obelix vs. Caesar in some regions) is a 1999 feature film directed by Claude Zidi the first of what went on to become a series of live-action films based on Goscinny and Uderzo's Astérix comics.
 !Women Art Revolution is a 2010 documentary film directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson and distributed by Zeitgeist Films. It was released theatrically in the United States on June 1 2011.
 The Working Class Goes to Heaven (Italian: La classe operaia va in paradiso) is a 1971 film directed by Elio Petri. It depicts a factory worker's realisation of his own condition as a simple tool in the process of production and implicitly his struggle with the trade unions. The worker in question Lulu is described in the first part of the film as a Stakhanovite.
 The Afghan Alphabet (Persian: الفبای افغان‎ Alefbay-e afghan) is a 2002 documentary by Mohsen Makhmalbaf showing the life of children of the Afghan villages bordering Iran and how their life and culture were affected by the Taliban regime.
 Das Boot (German pronunciation: [das ˈboːt] German meaning The Boat) is a 1981 German epic war film written and directed by Wolfgang Petersen produced by Günter Rohrbach and starring Jürgen Prochnow Herbert Grönemeyer and Klaus Wennemann. It has been exhibited both as a theatrical release and as a TV miniseries and in several different home video versions of various running times.Das Boot is an adaption of the 1973 German novel of the same name by Lothar-Günther Buchheim.
 It's a Long Long Way to Tipperary is a 1914 Australian silent film based on the song It's a Long Way to Tipperary by Jack Judge.
 The Phantom Carriage (Swedish: Körkarlen) is a 1921 Swedish film generally considered to be one of the central works in the history of Swedish cinema. Released on New Year's Day 1921 it was directed by and starred Victor Sjöström alongside Hilda Borgström Tore Svennberg and Astrid Holm.
 Shockproof is a 1949 film noir directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight.
 Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Hot is a 2013 biographical drama film in the Kannada language written and directed by Trishul. The film was produced by Venkatappa and stars Veena Malik making her debut in South India in the lead role. The supporting cast consists of Akshay Sana Anitha Bhat and Srinivasa Murthy.
 The Magic Cloak of Oz is a 1914 film directed by J. Farrell MacDonald. It was written by L. Frank Baum and produced by Baum and composer Louis F. Gottschalk. The film is an adaptation of Baum's novel Queen Zixi of Ix.The film had severe distribution problems owing to the box office failure of The Patchwork Girl of Oz.
 The Sex of the Stars (French: Le Sexe des étoiles) is a 1993 Canadian drama film directed by Paule Baillargeon and written by Monique Proulx.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1977 television series and an adaptation of the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo.
 Ugly Aur Pagli (English: Ugly and Crazy) is a 2008 Bollywood film starring Ranvir Shorey and Mallika Sherawat. It is directed by Sachin Khot and produced by Pritish Nandy. The film tells the story of the strange relationship between a young Mumbai engineering student and a girl he meets on the train. Ugly Aur Pagli is a remake of the Korean film My Sassy Girl with many scenes taken directly from the original film.
 Ghost House is a 2004 South Korean horror-comedy film. It was released in South Korea on September 7 2004 and was the 4th best selling film of the year with 2890000 tickets sold.
 Professor Beware is a 1938 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Elliott Nugent.
 Men Suddenly in Love is a 2011 Hong Kong romantic comedy film produced by written by and directed by Wong Jing. Film stars Eric Tsang Chapman To Jim Chim Wong Jing and Tat Dik.
 Una Mariposa en la noche is a 1977 Argentine film directed by Armando Bo.
 August Rush is a 2007 drama film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Nick Castle James V. Hart and Paul Castro and produced by Richard Barton Lewis.Deciding to run away to New York City musical prodigy Evan Taylor begins to unravel the mystery of who he is. All the while Evan Taylor's mother is searching for him whilst his father is searching for her.
 All I Want (also known as Try Seventeen) is a 2002 coming-of-age dramedy film directed by Jeffrey Porter and written by Charles Kephart. It stars Elijah Wood Franka Potente and Mandy Moore. The film premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on September 10 2002 and Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 12 2003.
 The Road a Year Long (Italian: La strada lunga un anno Serbo-Croatian: Cesta duga godinu dana) is a 1958 film directed by Giuseppe De Santis. A Yugoslavian-Italian co-production it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Zombies Anonymous (originally Last Rites of the Dead) is a horror/comedy zombie film released in 2006 starring Gina Ramsden and Joshua Nelson. It was written and directed by Marc Fratto and produced by New York production company Insane-o-rama productions.
 His Excellency The Shop Assistant (Polish: ''Jego ekscelencja subiekt'') is a 1933 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Hard Hunted is a 1992 action/adventure film starring Dona Speir Roberta Vasquez Cynthia Brimhall Bruce Penhall and Geoffrey Moore. It was directed and written by Andy Sidaris.
 Stray Bullet (Arabic: رصاصة طايشة‎; translit. Rsasa Taysheh) is the first long feature film by Lebanese director Georges Hachem is a 2010 Lebanese film.
 Goats is a 2012 coming of age film directed by Christopher Neil and written by Mark Poirier based on his novel Goats. Fifteen-year-old Ellis is getting ready to leave his luxurious home in the foothills of Tucson for his freshman year at Gates Academy an East Coast prep school. This means leaving behind Wendy his flaky new-age mother and the only real father he has ever known Goat Man. It holds a 20% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 25 reviews.
 All of Me is a 1984 fantasy comedy film directed by Carl Reiner and starring Steve Martin and Lily Tomlin. This film is based on the novel Me Two by Edwin Davis.
 Solar Hero is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed by Matt Keay. The documentary follows Team Alberta (Alberta Solar Decathlon Project) as they journey to in the 2009 US DOE Solar Decathlon Competition in Washington DC in October 2009.
 Flight to Fury is a 1964 film starring Jack Nicholson and Dewey Martin. The film was directed by Monte Hellman and filmed back to back with Back Door to Hell in the Philippines.The film is about an expedition that hunts for a rumored hidden treasure trove of gold in the Philippines.
 Paappi Devataa is a 1995 Indian film.
 Go West – Freiheit um jeden Preis (Go West - Freedom at Any Price) is a 2011 German television miniseries directed by Andreas Linke. Set in the summer of 1984 the story concentrates on three friends trying to escape East Germany.The series originally was broadcast in Germany in two two-hour segments on January 6 and January 7 2011 on ProSieben.
 Somebody Help Me 2 is a 2010 horror film starring Marques Houston and Omarion and is written and directed by their music producer Chris Stokes. As the sequel it follows up the events of the first 2007 film Somebody Help Me. The film also stars Chris Stokes' daughter Chrissy Stokes.
 The Son of the Sheik is a 1926 American silent adventure/drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rudolph Valentino and Vilma Bánky. The film is based on the 1925 romance novel of the same name by Edith Maude Hull and is a sequel to the 1921 hit film The Sheik which also stars Rudolph Valentino.
 Raman Thediya Seethai (English: Raama searched seetha) is a 1972 Indian Tamil directed by P. Neelakantan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha S. A. Ashokan among others.
 Shake Rattle and Roll 9 is a Filipino comedy horror film released in 2007 and the ninth installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll film series. It is also distributed by Regal Films. It was an entry to the 33rd Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Crush and Blush (Hangul: 미쓰 홍당무; RR: Misseu Hongdangmu; lit. Miss Hongdangmu or Miss Carrot) is a 2008 South Korean film. It is the debut feature film of director Lee Kyoung-mi and also the first film to be produced by Park Chan-wook.Crush and Blush premiered at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival and went on general release in South Korea on October 16 2010.
 The Man From Cairo (Italian: Dramma nella Kasbah) is a 1953 British film-noir starring George Raft who plays a man that is mistaken for a detective by the French and is sent to find lost World War II gold in Algiers.It was the last completed film where Raft had top billing.
 Scanners is a 1981 Canadian science-fiction horror action film written and directed by David Cronenberg and starring Jennifer O'Neill Stephen Lack and Patrick McGoohan. In the film scanners are people with unusual telepathic and telekinetic powers. ConSec a purveyor of weaponry and security systems searches out scanners to use them for its own purposes. The film's plot concerns the attempt by Darryl Revok a renegade scanner to wage a war against ConSec.
 Firelight is a 1964 science fiction adventure film written and directed by Steven Spielberg at the age of 17. Made on a budget of $500 the film was in a manner of speaking Spielberg's first commercial success as it was shown at a local cinema and generated a profit of $1. I counted the receipts that night Spielberg has recalled And we charged a dollar a ticket.
 Pig is the 2010 horror film directed by Adam Mason starring Molly Black Guy Burnet and Andrew Howard.
 The Tear That Burned is a 1914 American short drama film directed by Jack O'Brien.
 Spione (English title: Spies under which title it was released in the United States) is a German silent espionage thriller written and directed by Fritz Lang in 1928. Lang's wife Thea von Harbou worked as a co-writer. The film was Lang's penultimate silent film and the first for his own production company; Fritz Lang-film GmbH. As in Lang's Mabuse films such as Dr. Mabuse: The Gambler and The Testament of Dr.
 Broken Strings is a 1940 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray and produced by L.C. Borden.
 Devanthakudu is a 1984 Telugu film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Chiranjeevi Vijayashanti and Narayana Rao in important roles.
 Charlie Chan in City in Darkness also titled City in Darkness is a 1939 mystery film starring Sidney Toler in his fourth performance as detective Charlie Chan.
 Afraid to Dance is a 1988 Australian film. The movie was shot in 1988 and located at Sydney New South Wales but was never released theatrically and went straight to video.
 Granite Hotel is a 1940 American short film directed by Dave Fleischer. Released in April of that year it was the fourth in the Stone Age Cartoons series. The film is now in public domain.
 Det kære legetøj (The Dear Toy also known as Danish Blue) made in 1968 by director Gabriel Axel is a Danish feature film advocating the legalizing of pornography.A campaigning film it mixes interviews reconstructions and fiction in playful fashion seeking to ridicule and undermine Denmark's censorship laws at the time.
 Cheenavala is a 1975 Malayalam language film starring Prem Nazir in the lead role.. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Full Body Massage (1995) is an erotic made-for-cable movie directed by Nicolas Roeg and starring Mimi Rogers getting a nude full body massage while talking about relationships and philosophy with her masseur (Bryan Brown).
 The Census Taker is a 1984 black comedy directed by Bruce R. Cook. It stars Greg Mullavey Meredith MacRae Timothy Bottoms and Garrett Morris. The film was The Residents' first film soundtrack commission when their participation suggested by Penn Jillette to Cook. It was released by Trans World Entertainment on VHS in 1988 under the title Husbands Wives Money & Murder.
 Secret Sunshine (Hangul: 밀양; hanja: 密陽; RR: Miryang) is a 2007 South Korean drama film directed by acclaimed South Korean director novelist and former Minister of Culture Lee Chang-dong. The screenplay based on the short fiction The Story of a Bug by Lee Cheong-jun that focuses on a woman as she wrestles with the questions of grief madness and faith.
 A Cry for Help: The Tracey Thurman Story is a 1989 NBC TV-movie based on the 1985 ruling Thurman v. City of Torrington. The film stars Nancy McKeon as Tracey; Dale Midkiff as Buck; and Bruce Weitz as Tracey's lawyer Burton Weinstein.
 Sodom and Gomorrah — known in the USA as The Last Days of Sodom and Gomorrah — is a 1962 epic film which is loosely based on the Biblical tale of Sodom and Gomorrah. The film was a Franco-Italian-American co-production made by Pathé SGC and Titanus. It was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by Maurizio Lodi-Fe Goffredo Lombardo and Joseph E. Levine. The screenplay was by Giorgio Prosperi and Hugo Butler the cinematography by Alfio Contini Silvano Ippoliti Cyril J.
 La figlia del capitano is a 1947 Italian adventure film directed by Mario Camerini. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fortress is a 1992 science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon and shot at Warner Brothers Movie World in Queensland Australia. The story takes place in a dystopian future. The main character in the movie John Henry Brennick (Christopher Lambert) and his wife Karen B. Brennick (Loryn Locklin) are sent to a maximum security prison because they are expecting a second child which is against strict one-child policies. It was followed by a sequel Fortress 2: Re-Entry in 1999.
 The Man from Earth is a 2007 science fiction film written by Jerome Bixby and directed by Richard Schenkman. The film stars David Lee Smith as John Oldman the protagonist of the story. The screenplay for this movie was conceived by Jerome Bixby in the early 1960s and was completed on his death bed in April 1998 making it his final piece of work.
 Sweeney 2 is a 1978 film made following the success of the 1977 film Sweeney! which was a spin-off from the popular British TV show The Sweeney. Some of the action is transferred from the usual London setting to Malta. Denholm Elliot appears as a corrupt ex-officer who asks his former subordinates to take down a gang of armed bank robbers. Nigel Hawthorne appears as a bureaucratic superior officer taking a role similar to that usually played by Garfield Morgan in the television episodes.
 Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts (German: Armee der Liebenden oder Aufstand der Perverse) is a 1979 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film mainly shot in San Francisco chronicles the rise of gay activism in the United States between 1972 and 1978 in the aftermath of the Stonewall riots and before the arrival of the AIDS epidemic. It explores among other themes the initial unity formed post-Stonewall era splintered into numerous factions.
 Gauri Ganesha is a 1991 Kannada comedy-drama film directed by Phani Ramachandra. It stars Anant Nag Vinaya Prasad Mukhyamantri Chandru Ramesh Bhat among others. Puttur Narasimha Nayak was awarded the best play back singer in Karnataka State Film Awards in 1992 for the song Nimma Maguvu Naguthiruva.
 The Kiss (also known as The May Irwin Kiss The Rice-Irwin Kiss and The Widow Jones) is an 1896 actuality and was one of the first films ever shown commercially to the public. The film is around 47 seconds long and depicts a re-enactment of the kiss between May Irwin and John Rice from the final scene of the stage musical The Widow Jones. The film caused a scandalized uproar and occasioned disapproving newspaper editorials and calls for police action in many places where it was shown.
 Kismat (English: Destiny/Fate) is a 1968 Indian Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai produced by Kamal Mehra and released under the banner of Pride of Asia Films. It stars Biswajeet Babita Helen and Kamal Mehra in prominent roles. Other notable actors in the film are Bhagwan Sinha Murad M. B.
 Suyamvaram (Tamil: சுயம்வரம்) is a 1999 Tamil comedy-drama film starring an ensemble cast from actors in the Tamil film industry and shot by a large technical team from the industry.
 Soul-Fire is a 1925 silent drama starring Richard Barthelmess and Bessie Love; directed by John S. Robertson; and is based on the Broadway production Great Music (1924 play) by Martin Brown. The film was funded by Barthelmess through his Inspiration Pictures and released by the First National Studios. Two cast members from the play appear in the film: Helen Ware and Harriet Sterling the latter AKA on Broadway as Harriet Steeling.
 The Brigand is a 1950s romantic adventure filmed in Technicolor and directed by Phil Karlson. It is the second film that Anthony Dexter made for producer Edward Small for Columbia Pictures after his debut in Valentino. Loosely based on The Brigand by Alexandre Dumas the film is set in the Napoleonic era in 1804 in the mythical Iberian nation of Mandorra.
 Close to My Heart is a 1951 Warner Bros. drama directed by William Keighley written by James R. Webb (based on his novel A Baby for Midge) and starring Ray Milland and Gene Tierney.
 The Stilwell Road was a propaganda film produced by the American Office of War Information and the British and Indian film units in 1945 detailing the creation of the Ledo Road also known as the Stilwell Road after the U.S. General Joseph Stilwell.
 The Graves is a 2009 horror film. Described as a supernatural survival shocker it is written and directed by veteran comic book creator Brian Pulido and produced by Mischief Maker Studios and Ronalds Brothers Productions.
 Swan (Portuguese: Cisne) is a 2011 Portuguese film directed by Teresa Villaverde.
 Waterborne is a 2005 independent film by Indian American film maker Ben Rekhi about the fates of three different groups of people after a terrorist attack pollutes the water supply of Los Angeles resulting in a severe water shortage. It stars Christopher Masterson Ajay Naidu Jake Muxworthy Jon Gries Christopher Berry Shabana Azmi and Mageina Tovah.
 Kolilakkam (English: Shockwave) is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by P.N.Sundaram and starring Jayan.This was Jayan's last film before his death. His death happened during the shooting of this movie in which he was supposed to board a moving helicopter from a bike. The helicopter carrying him hit the ground while he was still hanging on the foot board. Jayan succombed to the injuries sustained leter in the hospital. The film was an uncredited remake of the 1965 Yash Chopra Hindi movie Waqt.
 Holidays with Pay is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle Tessie O'Shea and Dan Young. The film follows the Rogers family as they go on holiday to Blackpool and enjoy a series of adventures.
 The Happening is a 2008 American supernatural thriller film written co-produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan that follows a man his wife his best friend and his friend's daughter as they try to escape from an inexplicable natural disaster.The plot revolves around a cryptic neurotoxin that causes anyone exposed to it to commit suicide.
 High Flight is a CinemaScope 1957 British cold war drama film in Technicolor directed by John Gilling and featuring Ray Milland Bernard Lee and Leslie Phillips. High Flight was filmed with the co-operation of the Royal Air Force (RAF). The title of the film was derived from the poem of the same name by Pilot Officer John Gillespie Magee Jr. an American aviator who flew for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and lost his life in 1941 over RAF Cranwell where much of the film was shot.
 The Basketball Diaries is a 1995 American drama film directed by Scott Kalvert starring Leonardo DiCaprio Lorraine Bracco James Madio and Mark Wahlberg. It is a loose adaptation of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce. The film centres around Jim Carroll (DiCaprio) a promising teenage basketball player who develops an addiction to heroin with his misguided friends.The film was shot in New York City.
 Street Fighter Alpha: The Animation released in Japan as Street Fighter Zero (ストリートファイターZERO) and also known as Street Fighter Alpha: The Movie is a 1999 OVA film based on the Street Fighter Alpha fighting games. It was directed by Shigeyasu Yamauchi with character designs by Yoshihiko Umakoshi. An English adaptation was produced by Manga Entertainment and released in 2000.The film commemorates the tenth anniversary of the arcade release of the original Street Fighter II.
 House of Horror is a 1929 American comedy-horror mystery film directed by Benjamin Christensen. The film stars Louise Fazenda and Chester Conklin and was released in both a silent and sound version which featured a Vitaphone soundtrack with talking sequences music and sound effects. Both the silent and sound version of House of Horror is now presumed lost.
 Cockpit is a 2012 Swedish film directed by Mårten Klingberg.
 They Who Dare is a 1954 Second World War war film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Dirk Bogarde Denholm Elliott and Akim Tamiroff. The story is based on events that took place during World War II in the Dodecanese islands where special forces attempted to disrupt the Luftwaffe from threatening Allied forces in Egypt. The title of the film is a reference to the motto of the Special Air Service: Who Dares Wins.
 A Place at the Table is a 2012 documentary film directed by Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush with appearances by Jeff Bridges Raj Patel and chef Tom Colicchio. The film concerning hunger in the United States was released theatrically in the United States on March 1 2013.
 Closed Circuit is a 2013 British-American crime thriller film directed by John Crowley and written by Steven Knight released on August 28 2013. The film stars Eric Bana Rebecca Hall Ciarán Hinds Jim Broadbent and Riz Ahmed.
 Fetishes is a 1996 documentary by Nick Broomfield filmed at Pandora's Box one of New York City's most luxurious SM/fetish parlours. The film contains interviews with professional dominatrices and their clients including the New York filmmaker Maria Beatty.The documentary opens with black and white footage from an Irving Klaw film depicting models including Bettie Page wearing fetish attire.
 Election Daze is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 213th Our Gang short (214th episode 125th talking short 126th talking episode and 45th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 His Chum the Baron is a 1913 short comedy film. Harold Lloyd is said to have appeared in this film but this is unconfirmed.
 Web Cam is an upcoming Spanish/Canadian 3D-horror film directed by Antoni Solé and starring Amaia Salamanca Robert Englund Michael Madsen and Estella Warren.Webcam is a high-tech thriller setting in the soul of a capital North American city.
 After Lucia (Spanish: Después de Lucía) is a 2012 Mexican drama film directed by Michel Franco and sponsored by Emilio Azcárraga of Televisa. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where it won the top prize. The film was also selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Barnacle Bill (released in the US as All at Sea) is a 1957 Ealing Studios comedy film starring Alec Guinness. He plays an unsuccessful Royal Navy officer and six of his maritime ancestors. This was the last film Guinness made for Ealing Studios. By coincidence his first Ealing success was Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949) in which he also played multiple roles. The film was written by T. E. B. Clarke the screenwriter of Kind Hearts and Coronets.
 Le Grand Akshan is a 2003 documentary film by Ron Goldman about a doomed ship's failed voyage to Mandatory Palestine that happens to uncover shocking family secrets.
 Benvenuti in casa Gori internationally known as Welcome to home Gori is a 1990 comedy-drama film directed by Alessandro Benvenuti. It is based on a comedy play with the same name by Ugo Chiti and the same Benvenuti. For her performance Ilaria Occhini was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actress. The film has a sequel Return to Home Gori.
 Charlotte Löwensköld is a 1930 Swedish drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Pauline Brunius Gertrud Pålsson-Wettergren and Birgit Sergelius. It is an adaptation of the 1925 novel Charlotte Löwensköld by Selma Lagerlöf. The film was not considered a success and no further adaptations of Lagerlöf's woerk were made in her lifetime. The story was the basis for the 1979 film of the same title.
 Iligos or Ilingos (Greek: Ίλιγγος) is a 1963 Greek black and white drama film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis. It stars Zoi Laskari and Alekos Alexandrakis.
 Nalla Pattukare is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by M. S. Sivachandran starring Vijay Madhav in the lead role.The movie is based on the struggles of upcoming artists and was modelled upon the popular Asianet reality TV show called Idea Star Singer. Vijay Madhav was himself a former contestant in this show. Besides Vijay Madhav the film also stars other ISS contestants such as Imran Bitty Arun Gopan and others.
 The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption (previously titled The Scorpion King 3: Book of the Dead and The Scorpion King 3: Rise of the Dead) is a direct-to-video film that was released on January 17 2012. It is the third installment in the Scorpion King series; the sixth film in Universal Studios' The Mummy franchise and stars Victor Webster in the title role.
 Avakai Biryani is a 2008 Telugu film written and directed by Anish Kuruvilla. Filmed in Telugu the film revolves around Akbar Kalam a Muslim auto rickshaw-driver and Lakshmi Jandhyala a traditional Hindu woman with a romantic backdrop. The film stars debutant actors Kamal Kamaraju and Bindu Madhavi in the leading roles.
 Raising Genius (2004) is a comedy starring Justin Long Wendie Malick Ed Begley Jr. Stephen Root Danica McKellar Mark DeCarlo Tippi Hedren Shirley Jones Clint Howard and Sam Huntington about the mother of a teenage genius who locks himself in the bathroom for three months to work out his formulas. She is frantic about her life and her son's choices. When she finally realizes they don't need her she is able to free herself and be happy.
 Insee tong (Thai: อินทรีทอง or Golden Eagle) is a 1970 Thai action film starring Mitr Chaibancha and Petchara Chaowarat. Chaibancha died while filming the stunt for the final scene in the film.
 Kulla Agent 000 (Kannada: ಕುಳ್ಳ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ ೦೦೦) is a 1972 Indian Kannada comedy drama - detective film directed by Ravi and produced and written by Dwaraka Films. The film features Dwarakish Udaykumar and Jyothilakshmi in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and story upon release. The songs tuned by Rajan-Nagendra were huge hits.
 The Order is a 2001 American action film directed by Sheldon Lettich and written by Jean-Claude Van Damme who also starred in the film. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on March 12 2002.
 Ivar Vivahitharayal is a 2009 Malayalam language comedy drama film starring Jayasurya Bhama and Samvrutha Sunil in leading roles. The film is the directorial debut of Saji Surendran who has been a television serial director.
 Some Fools There Were is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood Riley Chamberlin Jean Darnell Florence La Badie and William Russell.
 Han Hun Dirch og Dario (English: He She Dirch and Dario) is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Ghita Nørby.
 Poor Boy's Game is a Canadian feature film directed by Clement Virgo. Co-written with Nova Scotian writer/director Chaz Thorne (Just Buried) it is the story of class struggle racial tensions and boxing set in the Canadian east coast port city of Halifax Nova Scotia. The film premiered on February 11 2007 at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison is a 1951 drama film starring Steve Cochran and David Brian.
 Swingtime in the Movies is a 1938 American short comedy film directed by Crane Wilbur. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1939 for Best Live Action Short Film Two-Reel.
 An Earthly Paradise For The Eyes is an English title for the Czech comedy film Zemský ráj to na pohled directed by Irena Pavláskové and released in 2009. It portrays the adventures of a dissident family and their friends while under observation by pro-Soviet secret police in Prague between 1968 and 1977 during the country's period of normalization—forced revocation of the legislation and customs of the reform period led by Alexander Dubček (1963/1967 – 1968).
 High Road to China is a 1983 adventure-romance film set in the 1920s starring Tom Selleck as a hard-drinking biplane pilot hired by society heiress Eve Evie Tozer (Bess Armstrong) to find her missing father (Wilford Brimley). The supporting cast includes Robert Morley and Brian Blessed. The Golden Harvest film (released by Warner Bros.) was directed by Brian G. Hutton loosely based on a novel of the same name by Australian author Jon Cleary.
 Une Visite (French: A Visit) was the first short film made by 23-year-old François Truffaut. It was filmed in Jacques Doniol-Valcroze’s apartment and its crew included Jacques Rivette Alain Resnais and Truffaut's boyhood friend Robert Lachenay.
 Taxi! is a 1932 film starring James Cagney and Loretta Young. The movie was directed by Roy Del Ruth.
 Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones is a 2002 American epic space opera film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales. It is the fifth film to be released in the Star Wars saga and the second in terms of the series's internal chronology. At 142 minutes it is the longest film in the series.The film is set 10 years after the events in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace when the galaxy is on the brink of civil war.
 Kidco is a 1984 comedy film directed by Ronald F. Maxwell and starring Scott Schwartz Marty Van Hoe Mahlon Richmond Clifton James and Vincent Schiavelli.
 The Rugrats Movie is a series of films based on the popular Nickelodeon animated series Rugrats created by Arlene Klasky Gábor Csupó and Paul Germain.
 The Shadow Between is a 1931 British romantic drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Godfrey Tearle Kathleen O'Regan Olga Lindo and Ann Casson.
 The Angry Hills is a 1959 film directed by Robert Aldrich based on the novel by Leon Uris and starring Robert Mitchum and Stanley Baker.
 Taxi Driver is a 1976 American crime/vigilante film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader. Set in New York City soon after the end of the Vietnam War the film stars Robert De Niro and features Jodie Foster Harvey Keitel Cybill Shepherd Peter Boyle and Albert Brooks.It is regularly cited by critics film directors and audiences alike as one of the greatest films of all time.
 Susanne Brink's Arirang (Hangul: 수잔브링크의 아리랑) is a 1991 South Korean/Swedish film based upon the life and experiences of Susanne Brink an adult Korean adoptee from Sweden who suffered abuse and racism in her adoptive home and country. The real Susanne Brink died of cancer in January 2009 at the age of 45; she was interred in her hometown of Norrköping.
 Kudumbam Oru Kadambam is a 1981 Tamil film about the role of money and working women in 1980s Indian middle-class society.
 The Rise of the Johnsons is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Footlights and Fools (1929) is a sound film billed by Warner Brothers as an all-talking musical film released in Vitaphone with Technicolor sequences.
 Ocean of Pearls is a movie released in 2008. It is the first film directed by Sarab Singh Neelam a Sikh gastroenterologist from Troy Michigan. It was written by Neelam and Veerendra Prasad.
 Grete Minde is a 1977 Austrian-German drama film based on the novel by Theodor Fontane and directed by Heidi Genée. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dis-moi qui tuer (English title: Tell Me Whom to Kill) is a 1965 French drama film directed by Etienne Périer. The screenplay was written by Maurice Fabre and Didier Goulard based on a novel by Henri Lapierre. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Paul Hubschmid.
 The Rogue is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Attila Marcel is a 2013 French comedy film written and directed by Sylvain Chomet. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Valley of the Dolls is a 1967 American drama film based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Jacqueline Susann.
 Divin Enfant (English: Merry Christmess!) is a 2014 French comedy film directed by Olivier Doran and starring Émilie Dequenne Sami Bouajila and Géraldine Pailhas.
 You Are on Indian Land is a 1969 documentary film about the confrontation between police and Mohawk of the St. Regis Reservation on a bridge between Canada and the United States which stands on Mohawk land near Cornwall Ontario. By blocking traffic from the bridge the Mohawk sought to call attention to their grievance that they were prohibited by Canadian authorities from duty-free passage of personal purchases across the border.
 East Lynne is a 1913 British silent drama film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Blanche Forsythe Fred Paul and Fred Morgan. It is based on the 1861 novel East Lynne by Ellen Wood.
 Sappho (English title: Mad Love) is a 1921 German silent film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Pola Negri as the title character. Alfred Abel best known for his role as John Fredersen in Metropolis (1927) appears in the role of Andreas De La Croix the insane brother.
 That Girl Montana is an extant 1921 American silent western film starring Blanche Sweet and distributed by Pathé Exchange. Jesse D. Hampton produced and Robert Thornby directed. The film is based on a 1901 novel That Girl Montana by Marah Ellis Ryan. This is one of Sweet's few 1920s silent films to survive and is available in the DVD format.
 Halaal Ki Kamai is a 1988 Indian film.
 Redemption Maddie is a 2007 short film directed by Aaron King[1] and starring Allison Scagliotti[2]. The film was completed as part of the American Film Institute Conservatory's MFA Program. The film began touring the festival circuit in 2007 premiering at the 22nd Annual Santa Barbara International Film Festival.
 Children of the Night is a 1991 horror film directed by Tony Randel.
 Poor White Trash is a crime-comedy film directed by Michael Addis. The film was released on June 16. 2000 and was distributed by jointly by Hollywood Independents and Xenon Group. The film stars an ensemble cast of actors including Jaime Pressly and others most of them before they became famous.
 Girls in the Sun (Greek: Κοριτσια στον Ηλιο translit. Koritsia ston ilio) is a 1968 Greek drama film directed by Vasilis Georgiadis. The film was selected as the Greek entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. The film was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Patanga is a 1949 Indian Bollywood film. It was the seventh highest grossing Indian film of 1949. A song in the background of WW2 the Indian soldier from Dehradun in Burma is still quite popular Mere Piya Gaye Rangoon
 To see the TV show see Pyaar Mein Twist (TV series).Pyaar Mein Twist is a 2005 Indian Bollywood movie directed by Karan Kapoor.
 Arizona Gunfighter is a 1937 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Heroes Two is a 1974 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and starring Alexander Fu Sheng and Chen Kuan Tai. It is also known as Temple of the Dragon and Blood Brothers.
 The Uninvited is a 2009 American psychological horror film also a remake of the 2003 South Korean K-Horror film A Tale of Two Sisters. It is unrelated to another 2003 Korean horror film and a 1944 American film both of which have the same name.
 Pig is a 2011 American science fiction film written and directed by Henry Barrial and starring Rudolf Martin.
 The Sporting Venus (1925) is a silent romance film directed by Marshall Neilan. The film was the second MGM release of Neilan and starred his wife actress Blanche Sweet who allegedly sported the lowest waistline of 1925. This is the first of two feature films that paired Ronald Colman with Blanche Sweet the second being His Supreme Moment which was released in May 1925. This film is listed as being extant (surviving) at silentera database.
 Good Men Good Women (Chinese: 好男好女; pinyin: Hǎonán hǎonǚ) is a 1995 Taiwanese film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien starring Annie Shizuka Inoh Lim Giong and Jack Kao. It is the last installment in the trilogy that began with A City of Sadness (1989) and continued with The Puppetmaster (1993). Like its predecessors it deals with the complicated issues of Taiwanese history and national identity.
 Ghost Child (Chinese: 鬼仔; formerly called Inside the Urn) is a 2013 Singaporean horror film directed by Gilbert Chan starring Chen Hanwei Jayley Woo and Carmen Soo. The film revolves around a family fighting against the titular Ghost Child (a toyol). It was commercially released in Singapore on March 7 2013.
 Playing With Fire is a lost 1921 silent film comedy directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald and starring Gladys Walton.
 A Guy Thing is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Chris Koch and starring Jason Lee Julia Stiles and Selma Blair.
 Deathdream is a 1972 Canadian horror film directed by Bob Clark and written by Alan Ormsby. It was inspired by the W.W. Jacobs short story The Monkey's Paw.
 Himizu (ヒミズ) is 2011 Japanese drama film based on a manga of the same name by Minoru Furuya and directed by Sion Sono. The word himizu means the species of a mole in Japanese.The film competed in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival in September. At the festival Shota Sometani and Fumi Nikaido received the Marcello Mastroianni Award for Best New Young Actor and Actress for their work in the film.
 Lakshmanrekha is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sunil Sikand. It stars Jackie Shroff Naseeruddin Shah Sangeeta Bijlani and Shilpa Shirodkar in pivotal roles.
 Doktor od jezera hrochů is a Czech-language comedy film directed by Zdenek Troska. It was released in 2010.
 Gallavants is a 1984 animated musical produced by Marvel Productions and released on home video.
 Bloodrage (also known as Never Pick up a Stranger) is a 1979 horror film directed by Joseph Zito (under the pseudonym Joseph Bigwood) and written by Robert Jahn.
 Murder! is a 1930 British drama film co-written and directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Herbert Marshall Norah Baring and Edward Chapman. Written by Hitchcock his wife Alma Reville and Walter C. Mycroft it is based on a novel and play called Enter Sir John by Clemence Dane and Helen Simpson.
 Las tandas del principal (The Batches of the Principal) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Prozac Nation is a 2001 American drama film directed by Erik Skjoldbjærg starring Christina Ricci Jason Biggs and Anne Heche. It is based on an autobiography of the same name by Elizabeth Wurtzel which describes Wurtzel's experiences with major depression. The title is a reference to Prozac the brand name of an antidepressant she was prescribed.
 Don Jon is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Produced by Ram Bergman and Nicolas Chartier the film stars Gordon-Levitt Scarlett Johansson and Julianne Moore with Rob Brown Glenne Headly Brie Larson and Tony Danza in supporting roles. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2013 and had its wide release in the United States on September 27 2013.
 Chakravyuh is a Bollywood political war filmdirected by Prakash Jha starring Arjun Rampal Esha Gupta Manoj Bajpai Kabir Bedi Anjali Patil and Abhay Deol. Chakravyuh is aimed to be a social commentary on the issues of Naxalites. The first theatrical trailer of Chakravyuh was released in midnight on 16–17 August 2012. The film released on Durga Puja 24 October 2012. Chakravyuh released in 1100 cinemas in India.
 Killer Pickton is a 2005 United States production horror film that is loosely based on the crimes of Canadian pig farmer Robert Pickton.The movie was filmed in New Hampshire and was directed by Ulli Lommel. The movie was co-produced and co-written by Ulli Lommel and Jeff Frentzen.
 Reversible Errors is a 2004 television film based on the novel of the same name by Scott Turow. It was directed by Mike Robe who previously directed Scott Turow's The Burden of Proof and stars Tom Selleck and William H. Macy. Filming was done in and around Halifax Nova Scotia and featured shots of Halifax City Hall and Angus L. Macdonald Bridge.The film was first shown by CBS in two parts on May 23 and 25 2004.
 Whistling in the Dark is the first of three comedy films starring Red Skelton as Wally the Fox Benton who writes and acts in radio murder mysteries. Wally is kidnapped by a greedy cult leader (played by Conrad Veidt) who threatens to kill Wally's girlfriend (portrayed in all three films by Ann Rutherford) and another young woman unless he concocts a perfect murder. The film was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Laurence Gross and Edward Childs Carpenter.
 The Silent Partner is a 1923 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. It was based on a series of articles from the Saturday Evening Post by Maximilian Foster and directed by Charles Maigne. Leatrice Joy and Owen Moore star in the feature. The film is a remake of the 1917 film of the same name.
 And Then There Were None (a.k.a.
 Herod's Law (original Spanish title La ley de Herodes) is a 1999 Mexican comedy film produced by Bandidos Films; it's a political satire of corruption in Mexico and the long-ruling PRI party (notably the first Mexican film to criticize PRI explicitly by name [1] and carried some controversy and interference from the Mexican government because of it [2]). The film won the Ariel Award for Best Picture from the Mexican Academy of Film.
 The Big Shakedown is a 1934 American drama film starring Charles Farrell and Bette Davis and directed by John Francis Dillon. The screenplay by Rian James and Niven Busch is based on the story Cut Rate by Busch and Samuel G. Engel. The supporting cast includes Ricardo Cortez and Glenda Farrell.
 Agitator (Araburu tamashii-tachi also known as The Outlaw Souls) is a 2001 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.
 The Monster Club is a 1980 British horror film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Vincent Price and John Carradine. An anthology film it is based on the works of the British horror author R. Chetwynd-Hayes. It was the final film from Milton Subotsky who was best known for his work with Amicus Productions; Amicus were well known for their anthologies but this was not an Amicus film.
 Jim the World's Greatest is a 1976 drama film written and directed by Don Coscarelli and Craig Mitchell. The movie was produced when Coscarelli and Mitchell were 17 year-old teenagers while being financed by their parents.
 Fight Back To School (simplified Chinese: 逃学威龙; traditional Chinese: 逃學威龍) is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Stephen Chow. The cast includes Cheung Man and Ng Man-Tat. Owing to this success the film spawned two successful sequels; Fight Back to School II and Fight Back to School III as well as a spin-off Truant Heroes which retained much of the cast.This movie is set in a school in Hong Kong Shatin College.
 Amor libre (English language:Free Love) is a 1969 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Fernando Siro with a script by Norberto Aroldi.
 Imagine Me & You is a 2005 British-American comedy-romance film written and directed by Ol Parker. It centres on the relationship between Rachel (Piper Perabo) and Luce (Lena Headey) who meet on Rachel's wedding day.The movie takes its title from the first line of the song Happy Together.
 Extra Human Being (잉여인간 Ingyeo ingan) is a 1964 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It was awarded Best Film at the Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony.
 Sathya is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Suresh Krissna and produced by Kamal Haasan starring Kamal Haasan himself along with Amala. The film was remade from the 1985 Hindi film Arjun. This is was the debut directional venture for Suresh Krishna. The film completed a 150-day run at the box office. The cinematography and editing were handled by S. M. Anwar and N. R. Kittu respectively.
 Arna's Children is a 2004 Dutch-Israeli documentary film directed by Juliano Mer Khamis and Danniel Danniel about a children's theater group in Jenin in the Palestinian territories established by Arna Mer-Khamis the director's mother an Israeli Jewish political and human rights activist.The film portrays the lives of Arna Mer-Khamis and the children members of the theater including Ala el-Sabagr Zakaria Zubeidi Daud Zubeidi Majdi Shadi Haifa Esteti Nidal Swetti Yussef Swetti Mahmoud Kaneri Khairia Fakhri and Ashraf Abu-Alheji. 
 To Play or To Die (Dutch: Spelen of Sterven) is a 1990 Dutch psychological drama film directed by Frank Krom.
 Here I Am is a 2011 Australian drama film written and directed by Beck Cole. It is Beck's debut film and was premiered at the BigPond Adelaide Film Festival.
 Watch Out is a 2008 film directed by Steve Balderson (Firecracker) based on the novel by Joseph Suglia and starring Matt Riddlehoover. Though the story is set in Benton Harbor Michigan the film was shot guerilla-style without permits in March and April on location in Wamego Kansas.Watch Out premiered at the Raindance Film Festival in London where it was nominated for Best International Feature.
 Judith is a 1966 drama film made by Command Productions Cumulus Productions and Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Daniel Mann produced by Kurt Unger from a screenplay by John Michael Hayes based on the story by Lawrence Durrell. The music score was by Sol Kaplan and the cinematography by John Wilcox.The film stars Sophia Loren Peter Finch and Jack Hawkins.
 Dark World (1935) is a British film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Tamara Desni Leon Quartermaine and Googie Withers. The film released by Fox Film Corporation is now considered a lost film.
 The Stunt Man is a 1980 American film directed by Richard Rush starring Peter O'Toole Steve Railsback and Barbara Hershey. The movie was adapted by Lawrence B. Marcus and Rush from the novel by Paul Brodeur.
 Jason Becker: Not Dead Yet is a feature-length documentary film directed by Jesse Vile about legendary guitarist Jason Becker and his 22 year-long battle with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.The film includes footage from Becker's childhood and his early days with guitarist Marty Friedman and the rock band Cacophony.The film was screened in various film festivals around the world including Hot Docs Sheffield Doc/Fest Full Frame Documentary Film Festival and the Hamptons International Film Festival.The film's distribution rights were acquired by Dogwoof Pictures in the UK and Kino Lorber in the US and was released theatrically in November 2012.
 Kaiserjäger is a 1956 Austrian film directed by Willi Forst.
 Sister Act 2: Back In The Habit is a 1993 American comedy film loosely based on the life of Crenshaw High School choir instructor Iris Stevenson and starring Whoopi Goldberg. Directed by Bill Duke and released by Columbia Pictures it is the sequel to the successful 1992 film Sister Act. Most of the original cast reprise their roles in the sequel including Kathy Najimy Maggie Smith Wendy Makkena and Mary Wickes.
 The 51st State (also known as Formula 51) is a 2001 Canadian-British action comedy film. The film stars Samuel L. Jackson Robert Carlyle Emily Mortimer Ricky Tomlinson Sean Pertwee Rhys Ifans and Meat Loaf. The film follows the story of an American master chemist (Jackson) who heads to the United Kingdom to sell his formula for a powerful new drug.
 Polly Ann is a lost 1917 silent film comedy drama produced and distributed by the Triangle Film Corporation. It was directed by Charles Miller and stars Bessie Love.
 Ace of Aces (1933) also known as Bird of Prey was a war film based on the story The Bird of Prey by World War I pilot John Monk Saunders that explores how war can turn a man's moral compass from pacifism to warmonger. Starring Richard Dix it was similar to many of the period films that appeared to glorify the knights of the air but was more complex examining the motivations of those who choose to go to war.
 For the painting by Francisco de Goya whose title is often translated as The Naked Maja see La maja desnuda.The Naked Maja (1958) is an Italian-French-American co-production made by S.G.C. Titanus Films and United Artists. This historical film recounting of the romance between the painter Francisco Goya and the Duchess of Alba was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Silvio Clementelli and Goffredo Lombardo.
 Aasiyil Oru Kaditham (English: A Letter With Love) is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film stars Prashanth and Kausalya Vivek in the lead roles along with Chandini(Debut) Vijayakumar Rajan P.Dev (late) Santhana Bharathi Charlie Vaiyapuri Dhamu.The film was a remake of Telugu film Snehitulu.
 Kachchi Sadak is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Sanjay D Singh. The film stars Rahul Singh Parmita Katkar Madhoo Mukesh Tiwari Amrish Puri Rahul Dev and Mithun Chakraborty in a Special appearance.Kachchi Sadak is a slew of masala movies released with rapid succession in the 1970s and 1980s. An ordinary story line of revenge and vengeance with loads of blasts and explosions.
 Crimes of the Heart is a 1986 American black comedy southern gothic film directed by Bruce Beresford. The screenplay by Beth Henley is adapted from her Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name.
 Across the Hall is a 2009 full-length remake of the 2006 American short film also titled Across the Hall.
 The Days (Chinese: 冬春的日子; pinyin: Dōng chūn de rìzǐ) is filmmaker Wang Xiaoshuai's 1993 directorial debut. Filmed entirely in black-and-white The Days follows the life of Dong (played by actor and artist Liu Xiaodong) and Chun (Yu Hong) married artists who have recently graduated from the Beijing Art Institute.
 Jealousy is a lost[citation needed] 1929 sound film produced and released by Paramount Pictures. A 1928 play Jealousy by Louis Verneuil served as the source material. This film marked Jeanne Eagels' second sound film and final motion picture before her death from drug addiction. It was initially shot with British actor Anthony Bushell as Pierre but he was replaced by March at Eagels's insistance. Moore died before the film was released and Eagels shortly afterwards.
 Chilbeontong sosageon (Incident of the 7th Bamboo Flute) is a 1936 Korean film directed by and starring Na Woon-gyu. It premiered at the WooMiKwan theater.
 TASS Is Authorized to Declare... (Russian: ТАСС уполномочен заявить... translit. TASS upolnomochen zayavit...) is a 1984 Soviet spy miniseries directed by Vladimir Fokin. The series is set in Cold War era and portrays the struggle of Soviet and American intelligence agencies. It is based on a novel by the same name by Yulian Semyonov (the author of cult spy series Seventeen Moments of Spring).
 Chehra is an upcoming 2013 Hindi Horror film directed by Amit-Ashish & Deepak K Bajaj and produced by Veena Bajaj & Deepak K Bajaj. The film features Sheetal Pathak Saheem Khan and Quaiser Jamal as main characters.
 Transylvania Twist is a 1989 comedy film that parodies horror movies. Originally released by Concorde Pictures this film is distributed on home video by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In the film Angus Scrimm reprises his role of the Tall Man from the Phantasm movies as a parody. The humor of the film is most often said to be in the style of Airplane! and Mel Brooks comedies.
 Ambleton Delight is a 2009 British independent drama film.
 Them (French: ils) is a 2006 French-Romanian horror film directed by David Moreau and Xavier Palud. According to a title card at the beginning of the film it is based on real events.Olivia Bonamy plays Clementine a young teacher who has recently moved from France to a remote but idyllic country house near Bucharest Romania with her lover Lucas played by Michaël Cohen.
 Escalier de service English: Service Entrance is a French comedy drama film from 1954 directed and written by Carlo Rim starring Etchika Choureau and Louis de Funès.
 Palaivana Paravaigal (English: Desert Birds) is a 1990 Tamil crime film directed by Senthilnathan. The film features Sarath Kumar Anandaraj newcomer Udhayan and newcomer Dharani in lead roles. The film produced by K. S. Srinivasan and K. S. Sivaraman had musical score by newcomer Ilayaganga and was released on 15 September 1990.
 Return to the Land of Wonders is a documentary film made almost single-handedly by Maysoon Pachachi in 2003–04. Pachachi went returned to Iraq after an absence of 30 years when her father Adnan Pachachi was appointed to the Iraqi Governing Council in the aftermath of the invasion of Iraq. She brought a video camera with her to document conditions in Iraq and her father's participation in the drafting of Iraq's interim constitution.
 Seetamalakshmi is a 1978 Telugu film written and directed by K. Viswanath. Talluri Rameswari won Nandi Award in her debut film. It is made into Hindi as Sitara in 1980 starring Mithun Chakraborty and Zarina Wahab.
 Turnout is a British crime drama film written and directed by Lee Sales. The script was also co-written by cast members Francis Pope and George Russo. The film also stars Ophelia Lovibond Neil Maskell and Ben Drew. The film was released on September 16 2011 although filming took place in London during the Autumn of 2010.
 Cat People is a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton and directed by Jacques Tourneur. DeWitt Bodeen wrote the original screenplay which was based on Val Lewton's short story The Bagheeta published in 1930. The film stars Simone Simon Kent Smith Jane Randolph and Tom Conway.Cat People tells the story of a young Serbian woman Irena who believes herself to be a descendant of a race of people who turn into cats when sexually aroused.
 Ordinary is a 2012 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Sugeeth and written by Nishad K. Koya and Manu Prasad. The film stars Kunchacko Boban Biju Menon Asif Ali Jishnu Raghavan Ann Augustine and Shritha Sivadas in the main roles. The cinematography is by Faisal Ali and the music is composed by Vidyasagar.The film follows the adventures of a K.S.R.T.C. bus that travels from Pathanamthitta to the village of Gavi. The film is getting remade in Tamil as Jannal Oram by Karu Pazhaniappan.
 The Canadian Conspiracy is a 1985 HBO/CBC mockumentary co-written and directed by Robert Boyd about the way the Canadian government is subverting the United States by taking over its entertainment industry.
 Hook Line & Sinker is a 1969 American comedy film starring Jerry Lewis. It was shot from April 1-June 20 1968 and released on June 6 1969 by Columbia Pictures. This was the final film for director George Marshall whose career dated back to 1916. This was also Lewis' last movie for Columbia.
 Out of the Inkwell was a major animated series of the silent era produced by Max Fleischer from 1918 to 1929.The series was the result of three short experimental films that Max Fleischer independently produced in the period of 1914–1916 to demonstrate his invention the Rotoscope which was a device consisting of a film projector and easel used as an aid for achieving realistic movement for animated cartoons.
 102 Not Out is a forthcoming Bollywood Drama starring Amitabh Bachchan and Paresh Rawal in the main lead. This film is based on a running Gujrati Play by the same name and is being directed by Umesh Shukla. The film is expected to release in 2015.
 Country Justice (also known as Family Rescue) is a 1997 American made for TV crime drama film.
 Married to It is a 1991 film directed by Arthur Hiller about three New York City couples with disparate careers ages and lifestyles who nonetheless bond through their mutual connection to a local private school. As they help to stage a school pageant with a 1960s theme each couple begins to quarrel and reassess their marriage.
 Deceptions II: Edge of Deception is a 1995 drama film directed by George Mihalka written by Ken Denbow starring Mariel Hemingway Stephen Shellen and Jennifer Rubin.
 The Girl Who Had Everything (1953) is a feature film directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Armande Deutsch for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film features William Powell in his last MGM feature and one of his last film roles before retirement.The screenplay was written by Art Cohn based upon a play by Willard Mack which in turn was based on the novel A Free Soul by Adela Rogers St. Johns. The play and novel were also inspiration for an earlier film adaptation called A Free Soul (1931).
 The Invisible is a 2007 American teen supernatural thriller starring Justin Chatwin Margarita Levieva Chris Marquette Marcia Gay Harden and Callum Keith Rennie. The movie was released in theaters on April 27 2007 and on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 16 2007.The Invisible is a remake of the Swedish film Den Osynlige which was based on the novel of the same name by Mats Wahl. It was filmed mostly in and around the city of Vancouver.
 The Firm is a 1989 English made-for-television drama film directed by Alan Clarke and written by Al Hunter Ashton for the BBC. It stars Gary Oldman Phil Davis Charles Lawson and Steve McFadden in his acting debut.
 Two Mafiosi Against Goldfinger or Due mafiosi contro Goldginger is a 1965 Italian Spanish international co-production Eurospy comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli. It is a spoof of the 1964 James Bond film Goldfinger. It was picked up by American International Pictures and dubbed into English to be shown on their AIP-TV movie package as The Amazing Dr. G.
 The American Mall is an 2008 MTV musical film that debuted on August 11 2008. The movie was received with very low ratings averaging 436000 viewers.
 Amazons and Gladiators is a 2001 drama action adventure film directed and written by Zachary Weintraub starring Patrick Bergin and Jennifer Rubin. The filming location was Vilnius. The film has several historical inaccuracies. The film was poorly received by critics.
 Off White Lies (Hebrew: אורחים לרגע‎) is a 2011 Israeli film directed by Maya Kenig in her feature film debut. It premiered at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival and received seven nominations for Israel’s Ophir Awards including Best Film Best Director and Best Screenplay. Gur Bentwich won a Best Actor award at the Jerusalem Film Festival.
 Flood! is a 1976 American TV film directed by Earl Bellamy.
 The Last Horror Film (also known as Fanatic) is a 1982 American horror comedy film directed by David Winters and starring Joe Spinell and Caroline Munro. The director David Winters filmed on location at the Cannes Film Festival.
 The Box is a 2009 American psychological horror film based on the 1970 short story Button Button by Richard Matheson which was previously adapted into an episode of the 1980s iteration of The Twilight Zone. The film is written and directed by Richard Kelly and stars Cameron Diaz and James Marsden as a couple who receive a box from a mysterious man played by Frank Langella who offers them one million dollars if they press the button sealed within the dome on top of the box.
 Once Upon a Time in America is a 1984 Italian epic crime drama film co-written and directed by Sergio Leone and starring Robert De Niro and James Woods. It chronicles the lives of Jewish ghetto youths who rise to prominence in New York City's world of organized crime.
 Fury in the Pacific is a 1945 American documentary short film about a pair of World War II battles in the Pacific: the Battle of Peleliu and the Battle of Angaur. It was co-produced by the United States Army United States Navy and the United States Marines and directed by a series of combat cameraman — of whom nine became casualties of the battles they were filming.
 Ankahee (Hindi: अनकही Urdu: انکہی English: Untold) is an Indian film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Aftab Shivdasani Ameesha Patel and Esha Deol. The film was originally titled Aakhir. This movie was based upon the life of former Miss Universe Sushmita Sen who was publicly in a relationship with Indian film director Vikram Bhatt. The director later denied the facts but the movie evolves around the same story.
 Cidade Ameaçada is a 1960 Brazilian crime film directed by Roberto Farias. It was submitted into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. The plot follows the story of a São Paulo criminal known as Passarinho which is based on an actual criminal dubbed Promessinha.
 De grens (English:The border) is a 1984 Dutch thriller film directed by Leon de Winter. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.
 My Kontrabida Girl (My Antagonist Girl) is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Jade Castro. It stars Rhian Ramos Aljur Abrenica Bea Binene and Jake Vargas.The film's story centers on the life of a famous soap opera antagonist and her funny and heart-warming quest in finding her one true love.
 Empire of Silver (simplified Chinese: 白银帝国; traditional Chinese: 白銀帝國; Mandarin Pinyin: Báiyín Dìguó; Jyutping: Baak6 Ngan4 Dai3 Gwok3) is a 2009 film written and directed by Christina Yao. The historical epic focuses on a wealthy banking clan in Pingyao Shanxi and its fortunes during the turn-of-the-century Chinese economic and political turmoil. The movie stars Aaron Kwok and Jennifer Tilly.
 9 Songs is a 2004 British art romantic drama film written and directed by Michael Winterbottom. The title refers to the nine songs played by eight different rock bands that complement the story of the film. The film was controversial on its original release because of its sexual content which included unsimulated footage of the two leads having sexual intercourse and performing oral sex as well as a scene of ejaculation. The film was showcased at the Cannes Film Festival.
 The Tell-Tale Heart is a 1941 American drama film directed by Jules Dassin. The screenplay by Doane R. Hoag is based on the 1843 short story of the same title by Edgar Allan Poe.The film marked Dassin's directorial debut after working as an assistant to Alfred Hitchcock and Garson Kanin. It is typical of the short film adaptations of literary classics studios produced to precede the feature film during the 1930s and 1940s.
 The Shoes of the Fisherman is a 1968 American drama film based on the 1963 novel of the same name by the Australian novelist Morris West. Shot in Rome the motion picture was directed by Michael Anderson and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Babiy Yar (also known as Babij Jar) is a 2003 film directed by Jeff Kanew.Filmed in Europe and given a limited theatrical release the film recounts the mass murders in September 1941 of thousands of Jews Soviet POWs communists Gypsies (Romani people) Ukrainian nationalists and civilian hostages by German SS Divisions in the title location a ravine in Kiev (the capital of Ukraine).
 Bled is a 2009 horror film directed by Christopher Hutson and written by Sxv'leithan Essex.
 Vejrhanen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr..
 I cuori infranti is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio Caprioli and Gianni Puccini. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Captain Lash (1929) is a film adventure drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation starring Victor McLaglen and Claire Windsor. The screenplay was written by Daniel Tomlinson.
 Camille Claudel is a 1988 French film about the life of the 19th century female sculptor Camille Claudel. The movie was based on the book by Reine-Marie Paris granddaughter of Camille's brother the poet and diplomat Paul Claudel. It was directed by Bruno Nuytten co-produced by Isabelle Adjani and starred her and Gérard Depardieu. The film had a total of 2717136 admissions in France.
 Swaminath is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Black and White is a 1999 American film directed by James Toback starring Robert Downey Jr. Gaby Hoffmann Allan Houston Jared Leto Scott Caan Claudia Schiffer Brooke Shields and a number of rap musicians namely members of the Wu-Tang Clan (Raekwon Method Man Ghostface Killah Oli Power Grant Masta Killa and Inspectah Deck) and Onyx (Fredro Starr and Sticky Fingaz).The film also features Ben Stiller in a rare dramatic role as a sleazy police detective as well as Mike Tyson playing himself. 
 Ayúdeme usted compadre is a 1968 Chilean musical film directed by Germán Becker. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dark Age is a 1987 Australian film about a killer crocodile.
 Land of Silence and Darkness (Land des Schweigens und der Dunkelheit) is a 1971 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog. Produced by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion.
 Fighting with Kit Carson (1933) is a Mascot Pictures movie serial.
 Pakeezah (Urdu: پاکیزہ‎ Hindi: पाक़ीज़ा; Pākīzah meaning Pure) is a 1972 Indian film written and directed by Kamal Amrohi who was known for his perfectionism. The music is by Ghulam Mohammed and Naushad Ali. The film tells the story of a Lucknow tawaif played by actress Meena Kumari who died shortly after the film was completed.
 The Inspector Wears Skirts (霸王花) is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts-action comedy produced by Jackie Chan directed by Wellson Chin Sing-Wai and starring Sibelle Hu Ellen Chan and Sandra Ng. In common with many other Hong Kong films The Inspector Wears Skirts moves from genre to genre. Technically it is an action film with a high level of kung fu fighting but it is also a comedy that relies on slap-stick and has elements of a love story.
 Bright Lights Big City is a 1988 American drama film directed by James Bridges and starring Michael J. Fox Kiefer Sutherland Phoebe Cates Dianne Wiest and Jason Robards. It was based on the homonymous novel by Jay McInerney who also wrote the screenplay. It was the last film directed by Bridges before his death in 1993.
 Blonde Trouble is a 1937 American film directed by George Archainbaud.Following the plot of the 1929 musical June Moon by George S. Kaufman and Ring Lardner Fred Stevens is an aspiring songwriter from Schenectady who journeys to New York City hoping to make a name for himself. On the train he meets dental assistant Edna Baker and the two embark upon a friendship that evolves into her falling for him.
 The Awakening released on 1 October 2010 is a thriller film written by Brian Schaefer directed by Vince Rotonda and starring Kevin Lowe Luke Gannon and Brian Schaefer.
 Maaf Saya Menghamili Istri Anda (Sorry I've Impregnated Your Wife) is a 2007 Indonesia film written and directed by Monty Tiwa.
 Ann Vickers is a 1933 American romantic drama film starring Irene Dunne and Walter Huston. It is based on the novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis.
 Cord (also released as Hide and Seek) is a 2000 Thriller film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Daryl Hannah Jennifer Tilly Bruce Greenwood and Vincent Gallo.
 Yes Man is a 2008 British-American romantic comedy film directed by Peyton Reed written by Nicholas Stoller Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel and starring Jim Carrey. The film is based loosely on the 2005 book Yes Man by British humorist Danny Wallace who also makes a cameo appearance in the film.The film was a box office success despite receiving mixed reviews from critics. It was released on December 19 2008 opening at No.
 There's a Zulu On My Stoep (in other countries Yankee Zulu) is a 1993 South African comedy film by the comedy filmmaker Gray Hofmeyr starring Leon Schuster and John Matshikiza. It has received considerable popularity and a cult status in South Africa and Eastern Europe.
 T.N.T. Jackson is a 1974 American film directed by Cirio H. Santiago.The film is also known as Dynamite Jackson (French video title) Dynamite Wong and TNT Jackson (Philippine English title).The script was originally written by actor Dick Miller but Roger Corman had it rewritten.
 Roller Boogie is a 1979 musical film starring Linda Blair (child actress from The Exorcist) and introducing Jim Bray (a former competitive artistic skater from California). The film also stars Beverly Garland Mark Goddard and Kimberly Beck and is directed by Mark L. Lester.The film is set in the Venice Los Angeles California area at the height of the quad roller skating fad. Two characters Bobby James (Bray) and Terry Barkley (Blair) fall in love while boogie skating to disco music.
 Knights of the Round Table is a 1953 Cinemascope historical film made by MGM. Directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Pandro S. Berman it was the first film in Cinemascope made by that studio.
 There's Gonna Be a God Damn Riot in Here is a film documenting the last live poetry reading given outside the US by Charles Bukowski even though he lived and wrote for another 14 years. The reading was given at the Viking Inn a small concert hall in Vancouver British Columbia Canada on October 12 1979. It is produced by Dennis Del Torre and directed by Jon Monday for mondayMEDIA distribution.
 Anbulla Malare is a 1984 unreleased Tamil Indian feature film directed by B.R.Ravishankar for V.V.Babu. The film stars Vijay Menon and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles.
 Nadodimannan is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi starring Dileep Ananya Mythili and Archana Kavi in the lead roles.Dileep and Viji Thampi collaborated after 17 years in this movie. This film was average at box office.
 The Lion's Claws is a 1918 American adventure film serial directed by Harry Harvey and Jacques Jaccard. The film is considered to be lost.
 Der Müller und sein Kind a silent film made in 1911 is the oldest Austrian drama film to survive in its entirety. It was produced by the Österreichisch-Ungarische Kinoindustrie which later in 1911 changed its name to become the Wiener Kunstfilm-Industrie.
 Under Burning Skies is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Becoming Traviata is a 2012 French documentary film chronicling rehearsals of the Verdi opera La traviata at the Aix-en-Provence Festival. Directed by Philippe Béziat the film focuses largely on stage director Jean-François Sivadier (fr) working with coloratura soprano Natalie Dessay. The film's French title is Traviata et nous (Traviata and Us).
 Bhaag Bhola Bhaag is an unreleased Bollywood comedy film directed and written by Neeraj Vora with a star cast of Govinda Tusshar Kapoor Upen Patel Ameesha Patel and Celina Jaitley in lead roles. Produced by Dhilin Mehta under Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd the theatrical trailer of the film was released alongside Rohit Shetty's Golmaal 3.Release date is not finalized yet.
 Minsa'y isang gamu-gamo Once a Moth is a 1976 Filipino film. It concerns a Filipino nurse Cora de la Cruz who dreams of moving to America. When her brother is killed her ideas change. The film criticises American military presence in the Philippines. It was entered in the 1976 Metro Manila Film Festival and won five awards at the 25th FAMAS Awards including those for best picture director and screenplay.
 Dek hor (Thai: เด็กหอ also Dorm or My School) is a 2006 Thai horror-drama film.
 Oil on Ice is a 2004 documentary film directed by Bo Boudart and Dale Djerassi. It explores the Arctic Refuge drilling controversy in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) and the impact of oil and gas development on the land wildlife and lives of the Gwich'in Athabascan Indians and Inupiat Eskimos.
 The Mouse That Roared is a 1959 British satirical Eastman Color comedy film based on the 1955 novel The Mouse That Roared by Leonard Wibberley. It stars Peter Sellers in three roles: Duchess Gloriana XII; Count Rupert Mountjoy the Prime Minister; and Tully Bascomb the military leader. It also co-stars Jean Seberg. The film was directed by Jack Arnold and the screenplay was written by Roger MacDougall and Stanley Mann.
 Criminal Court is a 1946 crime drama directed by Robert Wise. It stars Tom Conway and Martha O'Driscoll.
 Dead Heat is a 2002 action comedy drama film starring Kiefer Sutherland and Anthony LaPaglia and directed by Mark Malone.
 The Whales of August is a 1987 film based on a play by David Berry and stars Bette Davis and Lillian Gish as elderly sisters. Also in the cast were Ann Sothern as one of their friends and Vincent Price as a peripheral member of the former Russian aristocracy. The film was shot on location on Maine's Cliff Island. The house still stands and is a popular subject of artists on the island.
 They Went That-A-Way & That-A-Way is a 1978 slapstick comedy film written by and starring Tim Conway. The movie was directed by Stuart E. McGowan (fr) and Edward Montagne.
 Caccia tragica or Tragic Hunt is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe De Santis.Future filmmakers Michelangelo Antonioni and Carlo Lizzani co-wrote the script.
 Upper World is a 1934 drama film starring Warren William as a married railroad tycoon whose friendship with a showgirl played by Ginger Rogers leads to blackmail and murder.
 Murders in the Rue Morgue is a 1932 horror film loosely based on Edgar Allan Poe's short story The Murders in the Rue Morgue. Bela Lugosi (one year after his performance as Dracula) portrays a lunatic scientist who abducts women and injects them with blood from his ill-tempered caged ape. Karl Freund's cinematography and Robert Florey's direction have been praised by critics and characterized as expressionistic by Leonard Maltin.
 Barbie in A Mermaid Tale is a 2010 computer animated direct-to-video movie and part of the Barbie film series. This is the first modern Barbie movie. It was released on March 9 2010. This film is followed by a 2012 sequel Barbie in A Mermaid Tale 2.
 Analog Days is a 2006 film directed and written by Mike Ott. It premiered at the 2006 Los Angeles Film Festival. It was also invited to screen at the Cinequest Film Festival in San Jose California The Viennale Film Festival in Vienna Austria and Film Pop Film Festival in Montreal Canada in October 2006.
 The Court Martial of Major Keller is a 1961 British film directed by Ernest Morris and written by Brian Clemens. It stars Laurence Payne Susan Stephen and Austin Trevor. The film is based around the court martial for murder of Major Keller a British army officer during the Second World War.
 Daari Tappida Maga (Kannada: ದಾರಿ ತಪ್ಪಿದ ಮಗ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film produced and directed by Peketi Sivaram. The film stars Rajkumar Kalpana Aarathi Manjula Jayamala in lead roles with K. S. Ashwath Vajramuni and Thoogudeepa Srinivas playing supporting roles. The music of the film was composed by G. K. Venkatesh.
 Op hoop van zegen is a 1918 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Winds of September (九降風) is a 2008 Taiwanese film set in 1996 in Hsinchu that focuses on a gang of teenage boys who drink smoke and gamble and the relationships between them.
 Hamlet Goes Business (Finnish: Hamlet liikemaailmassa) is a 1987 Finnish comedy film directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Pirkka-Pekka Petelius.
 The Matrix Revisited is a feature-length documentary on the production of the movie The Matrix.The film goes behind the scenes of the 1999 sci-fi movie to give explanations of complicated scenes previews of the then-forthcoming sequels and interviews with the cast and crew including the reclusive Wachowski brothers who rarely give interviews.It was first released as the first and only documentary in the series but was later included as part of a two-disc Collector's Edition of The Matrix.
 David Copperfield is a 1911 American silent short drama film based on the 1850 novel of the same name by Charles Dickens. It is the oldest known film adaptation of the novel.
 The Tourist is a 1921 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Life Mein Kabhi Kabhiee is a 2007 Bollywood film directed by Vikram Bhatt. It was released on 13 April 2007. Produced by Baba Films banner it is a social thriller.
 The Whispering Shadow (1933) is a Serial film starring Béla Lugosi in his first of five serial roles. Lugosi received $10000 the highest known salary of his career for this film. (He also received the same amount for The Mystery of the Marie Celeste aka The Phantom Ship in 1935).[citation needed] The serial was filmed in only 12 days. It was the last film for actor Karl Dane.
 Deiva Magan (English: Divine Son) is a 1969 Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan in a triple role. Sivaji Ganesan enacted three roles for the second time in his career after Bale Pandiya. He acted as a father and two sons. The film has Pandari Bai and Jayalalitha as the female lead. The film was the first ever Tamil film to be submitted by India in contest for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film had a song Deivamae Deivamae sung by T. M.
 Thank Evans is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Max Miller. The film is sequel to Educated Evans (1936) with Miller Hal Walters and Albert Whelan all returning to reprise their roles as the hapless horse racing tipster Evans his pal Nobby and the bungling Sergeant Challoner. The outline of the plot concerns Evans being once again down on his luck and at the racecourse meeting a friendly and sympathetic Lord who helps him out.
 Ostrava (German:Verführung am Meer) is a 1963 German-Yugoslav drama film directed by Jovan Zivanovic and starring Peter Van Eyck Elke Sommer Blazenka Katalinic and Tori Jankovic. A young recently divorced German tourist is hired by a concerned mother to visit her son who is living a hermit life on an island in the Adriatic Sea and persuade him to come home. Instead she falls in love with him and his life in seclusion.
 I Like Your Nerve is a 1931 American romantic comedy film directed by William C. McGann starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Loretta Young. Boris Karloff has a small role.
 Forever Enthralled (simplified Chinese: 梅兰芳; traditional Chinese: 梅蘭芳; pinyin: Méi Lánfāng) is a Chinese biographical film directed by Chen Kaige; the film marks Chen's eleventh feature film as a director. Forever Enthralled follows the life of Mei Lanfang one of China's premiere opera performers.
 Man Accused is a 1959 British film.
 The Maid is a 1991 film in which Anthony Wayne (Martin Sheen) goes to Paris for a new job and has a 30-day period before he starts work to get settled.
 Cannon for Cordoba was a western film that was released in 1970. Filmed in Spain the large part of the movie takes place in Mexico in 1912. Directed by Paul Wendkos it stars George Peppard Pete Duel Giovanna Ralli and Raf Vallone and features a musical score by Elmer Bernstein.
 Racing for Time is a 2008 Lifetime Original Movie starring Charles S. Dutton and Elizabeth Peña. The movie is based on the accomplishment of real life coach and prison guard Sergeant Noel Chestnut (later promoted to lieutenant) and the Ventura Youth Correctional Facility's track team he started.
 What Richard Did is a 2012 Irish film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Malcolm Campbell. The film is loosely based on Kevin Power's Bad Day in Blackrock a fictionalised story based on the assault on Brian Murphy outside the Burlington Hotel in Dublin in 2000.
 The Black Tulip is a 2010 film set in Afghanistan directed by novice filmmaker Sonia Nassery Cole.
 Maniac Cop is a 1988 action/slasher film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen. It was followed by two sequels Maniac Cop 2 in 1990 and Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence in 1993.
 4 Hearts (Portuguese: 4 Copas) is a Portuguese film directed by Manuel Mozos released in 2009 and produced by Rosa Filmes. The cast features Rita Martins Filipe Duarte João Lagarto Margarida Marinho and Diana Costa e Silva.
 Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime drama film based on the life of Frank Abagnale who before his 19th birthday successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot a Georgia doctor and a Louisiana parish prosecutor. His primary crime was check fraud; he became so skillful that the FBI eventually turned to him for help in catching other check forgers.
 This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on a novel of the same name by David Storey which had won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award. It recounts the story of a rugby league footballer Frank Machin in Wakefield a mining area of Yorkshire whose romantic life is not as successful as his sporting life. Storey a former professional rugby league footballer also wrote the adapted screenplay.The film stars Richard Harris Rachel Roberts William Hartnell and Alan Badel.
 Sarafina! is a 1992 South African film starring Leleti Khumalo Whoopi Goldberg Miriam Makeba John Kani and Tertius Meintjies.
 The Cavalier of the Streets is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Harold French and starring Margaret Vyner Patrick Barr and Carl Harbord. An aristocratic lady is blackmailed.
 Last Days of Coney Island is an upcoming project written produced directed and animated by filmmaker Ralph Bakshi about a NYPD detective the prostitute he alternately loves and arrests and the seedy characters that haunt the streets of New York City's run-down amusement district. It is hinted to be an anthology film with segments focusing on each character whose story connects with the other characters.
 Hostel: Part II is a 2007 American horror film written and directed by Eli Roth and the sequel to his 2005 horror film Hostel. This film is the second installment of the Hostel film series and was released on June 8 2007 in the United States. Like its predecessor the film is set in Slovakia and centers on a facility in which rich clients pay to torture and kill kidnapped victims.
 Horse (1965) is an underground film directed by Andy Warhol. written by Ronald Tavel and starring Edie Sedgwick Gregory Battcock Tosh Carillo Ondine Norman Glick Daniel Cassidy Jr. and Larry Latrae (Latreille). Warhol himself makes a cameo appearance in the film.A photo from Horse published in Parker Tyler's book Underground Film (Grove Press 1969; reprint DaCapo Press 1995) shows all the male performers dressed only in jockstraps.
 Glitch! is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Nico Mastorakis. It involves two petty thieves who accidentally become casting directors of a film with a large number of beautiful girls and later they must dodge the Mafia.
 Mr. & Mrs. Bridge is a 1990 Merchant Ivory film based on the novels by Evan S. Connell of the same name. It is directed by James Ivory with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and produced by Ismail Merchant.
 Tropical Nights (German: Tropennächte) is a 1931 American German language drama film directed by Leo Mittler and starring Dita Parlo Robert Thoeren and Fritz Greiner. The film was one of five multi-language versions of the American film Dangerous Paradise (1930) made by Paramount at the Joinville Studios in Paris. These were made in the years following the introduction of sound film before the practice of dubbing became widespread.
 The Range Feud is a 1931 American Western film that stars Buck Jones and John Wayne. It was remade in 1934 as The Red Rider.
 Vadaka Veedu is a 1978 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Mohan.
 Agadbam is a Marathi film released on October 8 2010. This film is directed by Satish Motling and produced by Trupti Bhoir.
 Home of the Brave is a 2006 drama film following the lives of four Army National Guard soldiers in Iraq and their return to the United States. The film was shot in Morocco and in Spokane Washington.
 Fetching Cody is a 2005 drama/science-fiction film written and directed by David Ray. The film takes place in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside and follows the story of Art Frankel (played by Jay Baruchel) as he desperately tries to save his girlfriend Cody Wesson (Sarah Lind) who is in the hospital after an overdose on drugs. Art discovers a time machine and decides to use it to save Cody by attempting to rewrite her past. The film also features local drag queen Robert Kaiser as Sabrina.
 Boy A is a 2007 British film adaptation of Jonathan Trigell's critically acclaimed novel of the same name which shares some similarities with the notorious James Patrick Bulger case. The film premiered at the 2007 Toronto Film Festival.It is directed by John Crowley and stars Andrew Garfield (who won the 2008 Best Actor BAFTA TV Award for his performance) Peter Mullan and Katie Lyons. The North American cinematic release is distributed by The Weinstein Company.
 À ma sœur! is a 2001 French film directed by Catherine Breillat and starring Roxane Mesquida. It was released in some English speaking countries under the alternative titles For My Sister or Fat Girl.Breillat's experience shooting the film inspired her 2002 film Sex Is Comedy which revolves around shooting a sex scene from the film. Mesquida reprised the scene for the later movie.
 Boys Be Ambitious (岸和田少年愚連隊 BOYS BE AMBITIOUS Kishiwada shōnen gurentai) is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Kazuyuki Izutsu. It stars Takashi Okamura and Hiroyuki Yabe from the comedy duo Ninety-nine.
 Baby Blues (also known as Cradle Will Fall) is a 2008 American horror film co-directed by Lars Jacobson and Amar Kaleka based on the 2001 killings of five children by their mother Andrea Yates. The entire film was filmed in Savannah Georgia USA by the company Neverending Light Productions.
 The Decoy Bride is a 2011 British romantic comedy film written by comedian Sally Phillips and Neil Jaworski and starring David Tennant Alice Eve and Kelly Macdonald and set on the fictional island of Hegg supposedly located in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. The film was made by Ecosse Films.
 I Am Number Four is a 2011 American teen action science fiction film directed by D. J. Caruso starring Alex Pettyfer Timothy Olyphant Teresa Palmer Dianna Agron and Callan McAuliffe. The screenplay by Alfred Gough Miles Millar and Marti Noxon is based on the novel I Am Number Four by Pittacus Lore.The film was produced by Michael Bay for DreamWorks Pictures and released through Disney's Touchstone Pictures label.
 Kailashey Kelenkari (Bengali: কৈলাসে কেলেঙ্কারী also spelled Kailase Kelenkari) is a thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the novel of the same name by Satyajit Ray. The Movie was released on 21 December 2007. Satyajit Ray visited the famous Ellora Caves near Aurangabad around 1940−41. Ray was so fascinated with the beauty of the Kailash Temple and the caves that he was inspired by it when he penned his crime thriller Kailashe Kelenkari.
 Pay or Die is a 1960 film starring Ernest Borgnine Zohra Lampert Howard Caine Alan Austin and Robert F. Simon.
 The Tower of Lies was a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström based upon Selma Lagerlöf's novel The Emperor of Portugallia (1914). Released one year after He Who Gets Slapped the film marks the second collaboration between Sjöström Lon Chaney and Norma Shearer. Also starring are William Haines Ian Keith and Lew Cody. The film is now considered lost.
 The Boy from Ipanema (Hangul: 이파네마 소년; RR: Ipanema Sonyeon is a 2010 South Korean independent teen fantasy romance film filmed in Busan and Sapporo.
 Tora-san Plays Cupid (男はつらいよ 寅次郎頑張れ! Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Gambare!) aka Tora-san Hold Out! is a 1977 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Shiho Fujimura as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san Plays Cupid is the twentieth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea is a 2000 Disney animated feature film and direct-to-video sequel to the 1989 animated film The Little Mermaid. Directed by Jim Kammerud and Brian Smith the story takes place over a decade after the original film and focuses on Ariel and Eric's daughter Melody a human princess who longs to swim in the ocean despite her parents' law that the sea is forbidden to her.
 The City of Violence (Hangul: 짝패; RR: Jjakpae; lit. Partner or Pal) is a 2006 South Korean action film co-written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan who stars in the film opposite action director and longtime collaborator Jung Doo-hong. The story re-unites three former childhood friends for their friend's funeral which prompts two vowing to find his murderer.
 Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone (ヱヴァンゲリヲン新劇場版: 序 Evangerion Shin Gekijōban: Jo lit. Evangelion: The New Movie: Prelude) is a 2007 Japanese animated film written and chief directed by Hideaki Anno. It is the first of four films released in the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy based on the original anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion. It was produced and co-distributed by Anno's Studio Khara in partnership with Gainax.
 Being Caribou is a 2005 documentary film that chronicles the travels of husband and wife Karsten Heuer and Leanne Allison following the migration of the Porcupine caribou Herd to explore the Arctic Refuge drilling controversy. The journey lasted 5 months starting from the community of Old Crow Yukon on April 8 2003 and ending September 8. The film is produced by the National Film Board of Canada.
 Apasionados (English: Passionate People) is a 2002 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Juan José Jusid starring Pablo Echarri Nancy Dupláa and Natalia Verbeke.
 Inside the Lines is a 1930 film starring Betty Compson.
 Law of the Rio Grande is a 1931 American film directed by Forrest Sheldon.
 Die schöne Lurette is an East German film. It was released in 1960 and sold 3267070 tickets.
 Campfire Stories (1991) is a horror film written and directed by William Cooke and Paul Talbot. The film is an anthology about a group of teenagers telling ghost stories around a campfire. One of the storytellers is horror legend Gunnar Hansen. The movie also uses many elements from famous horror stories and directors (Lucio Fulci specifically).
 Division 19 is an upcoming American dystopian thriller film directed and written by S.A. Halewood. The film stars Neve Campbell Clarke Peters Dougray Scott and Jamie Draven.
 Chinna Thayee is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by S. Ganesaraj. The film features Vignesh and Padmashri in lead roles. The film produced by M. Vedha had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 1 February 1992.
 Above the Law (also known as Nico) is a 1988 American action film written produced and directed by Andrew Davis and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal in his film debut. The film co-stars Pam Grier Sharon Stone Daniel Faraldo and Henry Silva. This came about after a successful screen test financed by Michael Ovitz led to Seagal being offered a contract by Warner Bros. The film was set and filmed on location in Chicago. The film was released in the United States on April 8 1988.
 The Flash Legs (Chinese title: 太極八蛟; Cantonese: Tài	 jí bā jiǎo. The Ultimate Eight Feet) also released as Shaolin Deadly Kicks is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Ma Wu and starring Tao-liang Tan and Lo Lieh. The film was later remade as Breathing Fire with Tao-liang Tan serving as writer and executive producer under the pseudonym of Delon Tanners.
 Paper (Turkish: Kağıt) is a 2010 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Sinan Çetin which tells the story of a young director trying to make his first film. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 14 2011 (2011-01-14) was premiered in competition at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival (October 9–14 2010).
 Girls at Sea (Danish: Piger til søs) is a 1977 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Helle Merete Sørensen.
 A Mind of Her Own is a British film released in 2006. Based on a true story the film is directed produced and written by Owen Carey Jones and stars Nicky Talacko as Sophie and Amanda Rawnsley as Becky.
 Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man (Romanian: Portretul luptătorului la tinereţe) is a 2010 Romanian drama film directed by Constantin Popescu Jr. It was released at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Berserk! is a 1967 British Technicolor thriller film starring Joan Crawford Ty Hardin and Judy Geeson in a macabre mother-daughter tale about a circus plagued with murders. The screenplay was written by Herman Cohen and Aben Kandel and the film directed by Jim O'Connolly. Berserk! marks Crawford's second-to-last big-screen appearance.
 Pandhayam (Tamil: பந்தயம்; English: Bet) is a Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar starring Nithin Sathya Sindhu Tolani. Vijay did a guest role as himself.
 Cliffhanger is a 1993 American action adventure film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone and John Lithgow. Stallone who co-wrote the screenplay plays a mountain climber who becomes embroiled in a failed heist set in a U.S. Treasury plane flying through the Rocky Mountains. The film was a critical and box office success earning more than $250 million worldwide.
 Empties (known in Czech as Vratné lahve) is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák who also stars in the film. It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007. The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.
 A Brand New Life (Hangul: 여행자; RR: Yeohaengja; MR: Yŏhaengja) is a 2009 film. The film is the debut feature of the director Ounie Lecomte who directed and wrote this film.Loosely based on Lecomte's own life experience A Brand New Life is set in Seoul in 1975 and is about a girl who is left in an all-girls Catholic orphanage by her father and her struggle to adjust to her new lot in life.A Brand New Life was released in South Korea on October 29 2009.
 Quartet is a 2012 British comedy-drama film based on the play of the same title by Ronald Harwood which ran in London's West End from September 1999 until January 2000. It was filmed late in 2011 at Hedsor House Buckinghamshire. The film is actor Dustin Hoffman's directorial debut.
 The Stink of Flesh is a 2005 black comedy and sexploitation film directed by Scott Phillips which depicts a band of survivors in a zombie wasteland.
 The Bonnie Brier Bush is a 1921 British drama film directed by Donald Crisp. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. The film is now lost.
 Hood of the Living Dead is a 2005 direct-to-video zombie movie about a regenerative formula bringing the dead back to life.
 Carnival is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Matheson Lang Ivor Novello and Hilda Bayley. During a production of Shakespeare's Othello in Venice an Italian actor suspects his wife of having an affair and plans to murder her on stage. It was based on a stage play of the year before of which Matheson Lang was one of the writers. The film was a popular success and was re-released the following year.
 The Notorious Lady is a surviving 1927 silent film feature length adventure produced by Sam E. Rork and distributed by First National Pictures. It was directed by veteran actor/director King Baggot and starred Barbara Bedford and Lewis Stone. The film was based on a play The River by Patrick Hastings. Producer Rork's daughter Ann Rork has a leading role in the film. The film is available on home video and DVD.
 Terry Pratchett's The Colour of Magic is a two-part television adaptation of the bestselling novels The Colour of Magic and The Light Fantastic by Terry Pratchett. The fantasy film was produced for Sky One by The Mob a small British studio starring David Jason Sean Astin Tim Curry and Christopher Lee as the voice of Death.
 Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick. The film stars Jesse Eisenberg Woody Harrelson Emma Stone and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse.
 Before Night Falls is a 2000 American drama film directed by Julian Schnabel. The screenplay is based on the autobiography of the same name of Reinaldo Arenas which was published in English in 1993. The screenplay was written by Schnabel Cunningham O'Keefe and Lázaro Gómez Carriles.
 Early Bloomer is a 2003 computer-animated short by Sony Pictures Imageworks. It was written by Guy T. Wiedmann and directed by Kevin Johnson. It was studio's second short film after The ChubbChubbs!.
 Walk All Over Me is a Canadian film released in 2007 written by Robert Cuffley and Jason Long. The film stars Leelee Sobieski as Alberta a small-town girl who assumes the false identity of her former babysitter and current dominatrix roommate Celene played by Tricia Helfer. Lothaire Bluteau Michael Eklund Michael Adamthwaite and Jacob Tierney also star in the film.
 Jealousy is a 1931 British drama film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Lilian Oldland Malcolm Keen Harold French and Frank Pettingell. A man falls madly in love with a woman and stages a robbery in an effort to frame her sweetheart.
 Eagle in a Cage is an British and American historical drama film produced in 1970.
 Johnny Cash! The Man His World His Music is a 1969 American musical documentary film.
 Brewster's Millions is a 1914 American comedy film directed by Oscar Apfel and Cecil B. DeMille and starred Edward Abeles. It is an adaptation of the 1902 novel written by George Barr McCutcheon. The novel had also been turned into a successful 1906 Broadway play that also starred Edward Abeles.
 Codename Coq Rouge (Swedish: Täcknamn Coq Rouge) is a 1989 Swedish thriller film directed by Per Berglund. Stellan Skarsgård won the award for Best Actor and Göran Nilsson won the award for Best Cinematography at the 25th Guldbagge Awards.
 Lapandav is a Marathi film released on April 16 1993. This film is directed by Shraboni Deodhar and produced by Sachin Parekar & Sanjay Parekar.
 East End Hustle is a 1976 drama film directed by Frank Vitale and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The plot concerns a high-priced prostitute who leads a rebellion of hookers against their sadistic pimps.
 Il corpo dell'anima (The body of the soul) is a 1999 Italian erotic drama film directed by Salvatore Piscicelli.
 A Study in Scarlet is a 1914 British silent drama film directed by George Pearson and starring James Bragington. It is based on the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle novel of the same name. It was the first film to feature Sherlock Holmes onscreen and is now considered to be lost.A film of the same name was released in the U.S. on the following day (29 December 1914). It was directed by and starred Francis Ford with his younger brother John Ford playing Dr.
 The Big Hurt is a 1986 low-budget thriller directed by Barry Peak starring David Bradshaw Lian Lunson Simon Chilvers John Ewart Alan Cassell.It was shot over six weeks with money raised via 10BA. It was filmed on Super 16mm but later blown up to 35mm.
 Art Thief Musical! is a 2004 American short musical film by Linus Lau. It stars Autumn Reeser Benjamin Sprunger Matt O'Toole and Sean Smith. It premiered at the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films in September 2004. Based loosely on Jacques Demy's The Umbrellas of Cherbourg all of the dialogue throughout the entire film is sung except for the last two lines.
 The River with No Bridge (橋のない川 Hashi no nai Kawa) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Yōichi Higashi.
 The Man in the Back Seat is a 1961 British B-movie crime film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derren Nesbitt and Keith Faulkner. The film was based on an Edgar Wallace story and was tightly shot with only four name-credited actors (one of whom remains silent throughout the film) and much of the action taking place in a cramped flat and the claustrophobic confines of a car at night.
 Southbound (サウスバウンド Sausubaundo) is a 2007 Japanese movie directed by Yoshimitsu Morita and starring Toyokawa Etsushi and Amami Yūki. Based on the novel of the same name by Hideo Okuda it tells the story of a schoolboy whose family moves from Tokyo to Okinawa.It began filming in May 2007 in Tokyo; the crew went to Okinawa for on-location filming at the end of June. Its theme song is Eien no Uta from the single of the same name by Nakashima Mika.
 Stealing a Nation is a 2004 Granada Television documentary written and directed by John Pilger produced and directed by Christopher Martin and with reconstruction footage directed by Sean Crotty. The documentary is about the expulsion of Chagossians from the Chagos Archipelago chiefly from Diego Garcia Island forcibly removed by the British government between 1967 and 1973 to Mauritius 1000 miles away so that the island could be used as an American and British airbase.
 Menschenwee is a 1921 Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 Ashes and Diamonds (Polish: Popiół i diament) is a 1958 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on the 1948 novel by Polish writer Jerzy Andrzejewski. It completed Wajda's war films trilogy following A Generation (1954) and Kanal (1956). The title comes from a 19th-century poem by Cyprian Norwid and references the manner in which diamonds are formed from heat and pressure acting upon coal.
 The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a 2007 American horror film and the sequel to the 2006 film The Hills Have Eyes which was a remake of the 1977 horror film The Hills Have Eyes. The film follows several heroic but troubled U.S. National Guardsmen as they fight for survival against the mutant people living in a military base in New Mexico.
 Knockin' on Heaven's Door is a 1997 German criminal comedy by Thomas Jahn starring Til Schweiger Moritz Bleibtreu Jan Josef Liefers and Rutger Hauer. Its name derives from the Bob Dylan song which is also on the film's soundtrack. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival where Til Schweiger won the Silver St. George for Best Actor.
 Monster House is a 2006 computer animated motion capture horror/comedy film directed by Gil Kenan produced by ImageMovers and Amblin Entertainment and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 Miyea is a 2003 Khmer comedy film which stars Tep Rundaro and Suos Sotheara.
 Framed is a 1990 Home Box Office (HBO) TV movie directed by Dean Parisot. It was written by Gary Rosen. Jeff Goldblum and Kristin Scott Thomas star.
 Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone originally released theatrically in Japan simply as Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Z: Return my Gohan!! (ドラゴンボールZ オラの悟飯をかえせッ!! Doragon Bōru Zetto Ora no Gohan o Kaese!!) for its Japanese VHS and Laserdisc release is the fourth film in the Dragon Ball franchise and the first one under the Dragon Ball Z moniker.
 Family Gathering is a 1988 American short documentary film by Lise Yasui exploring three generations of her Japanese-American family from their immigration to Oregon in the early 20th century through their imprisonment in internment camps during World War II. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Splendor is a 1989 Italian drama film directed by Ettore Scola.
 Joe is a 1924 Australian silent film comedy directed by Beaumont Smith based on the stories of Henry Lawson about the character Joe Wilson. It is believed to be a lost film.
 Julien Donkey-Boy is a 1999 American drama film written and directed by Harmony Korine. The story concentrates on the schizophrenic Julien played by Scottish actor Ewen Bremner and his dysfunctional family. The film also stars Chloë Sevigny as Julien's sister Pearl and Werner Herzog as his father. Julien Donkey-Boy is the sixth film to be made under the self-imposed rules of the Dogme 95 manifesto and the first non-European film to be made under the Dogme 95 vow of chastity.
 Flesh and Blood (stylized as Flesh+Blood) is a 1985 dramatic adventure film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Rutger Hauer Jennifer Jason Leigh Tom Burlinson and Jack Thompson. The script was written by Verhoeven and Gerard Soeteman.
 The Circus Clown is a 1934 comedy film. It stars Joe E. Brown and Patricia Ellis.
 At the Stroke of Nine is a 1957 British crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Patricia Dainton Stephen Murray Patrick Barr and Dermot Walsh. A high-flying female journalist is kidnapped by a madman who forces her to write articles about him and threatens to kill her.
 The Faithful Heart is a 1932 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Herbert Marshall Edna Best and Mignon O'Doherty. It is based on the 1921 play The Faithful Heart by Monckton Hoffe.
 Six-String Samurai is a 1998 post-apocalyptic action/comedy film directed by Lance Mungia.
 This is Cinerama is a 1952 full-length film designed to introduce the widescreen process Cinerama which broadens the aspect ratio so the viewer's peripheral vision is involved. This is Cinerama premiered on 30 September 1952 at the New York Broadway theatre in New York City.
 Morning Call (U.S. The Strange Case of Dr. Manning) is a 1957 British thriller film directed by Arthur Crabtree and starring Greta Gynt and Ron Randell.
 Danger – Love at Work is a 1937 American screwball comedy film directed by Otto Preminger. The screenplay by James Edward Grant and Ben Markson focuses on an attorney's frustrating efforts to deal with a wildly eccentric family.
 Nazi Hunter: The Beate Klarsfeld Story is a 1986 made-for-TV biographical drama film starring Farrah Fawcett in the title role and Tom Conti. The film also stars Geraldine Page and Catherine Allégret.
 Docking the Boat (Swedish: Att angöra en brygga or sometimes: To Go Ashore) is a Swedish dark comedy film from 1965 directed by Tage Danielsson. The film stars Gösta Ekman Monica Zetterlund Hans Alfredson Lars Ekborg and Birgitta Andersson have acquired a mild cult following in Sweden for their acting in this film. Monica Zetterlund also performed the theme song.
 Bernie is a 2011 black comedy film directed by Richard Linklater and written by Linklater and Skip Hollandsworth. The film stars Jack Black Shirley MacLaine and Matthew McConaughey. It is based on a 1998 Texas Monthly magazine article by Hollandsworth Midnight in the Garden of East Texas that chronicles the 1996 murder of 81-year-old millionaire Marjorie Nugent in Carthage Texas by her 38-year-old companion Bernhardt Bernie Tiede.
 Paradise Isle is a 1937 American film directed by Arthur Greville Collins.
 Naked in New York is a 1993 romantic comedy film starring Eric Stoltz Mary-Louise Parker Ralph Macchio Jill Clayburgh Tony Curtis Timothy Dalton and Kathleen Turner and featuring multiple celebrity cameos including William Styron listing all of his authored penned and film work Whoopi Goldberg as a bas-relief mask and former New York Dolls singer David Johansen as a talking monkey which were arranged by executive producer Martin Scorsese.
 Bhala Manus is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Vishwamitra.
 Emperor is a 2012 American-Japanese post-World War II film directed by Peter Webber marking his first film in five years. Tommy Lee Jones and Matthew Fox star in lead roles as General Douglas MacArthur and Brigadier General Bonner Fellers respectively. It is a joint American and Japanese production.
 Don't Play with Tigers (Italian: Ricchi ricchissimi... praticamente in mutande) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.
 The Human Duplicators is an American science fiction film released in 1965 by independent company Woolner Brothers Pictures Inc. This film was also Hugh Beaumont's final film role before his retirement from acting.
 O Malli is an upcoming Telugu drama film written and directed by Ramya Sri. She is also playing the lead along with Raghu Babu and LB Sriram. This makes the debut of Ramya Sri as a director. Known for playing glamorous through the entire career Ramya herself confirmed that O Malli will be a turning point in her career and the most challenging one she ever had. She even shaved her head for this high octane role.
 Sweet Dreams is a 1985 biographical film which tells the life story of country music singer Patsy Cline.The film was written by Robert Getchell and directed by Karel Reisz. It stars Jessica Lange Ed Harris Ann Wedgeworth David Clennon James Staley Gary Basaraba and John Goodman.The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress (Jessica Lange). For all the musical sequences Lange lip-synced to the original Patsy Cline recordings.
 Ryujin Mabuyer the Movie: Nanatsu no Mabui (琉神マブヤー THE MOVIE　七つのマブイ Ryūjin Mabuyā Zā Mūbī Nanatsu no Mabui lit. The Seven Souls) is a 2012 Japanese tokusatsu film directed by Tomoki Sano.
 South of St Louis is a 1949 Western film directed by Ray Enright. Starring Joel McCrea the film chronicles the friendship between three ranchers after their ranch is destroyed by raiders led by the infamous Luke Cotrell. The movie was originally titled Distant Drums but was later changed to its current title a term that refers to Civil War army deserters.
 Four Men and a Prayer is a 1938 American adventure film directed by John Ford.
 Seigi Choujin vs. Ancient Choujin (正義超人vs古代超人 Seigi Choujin tai Kodai Choujin) is the third theatrical film based on the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on March 16 1985 alongside Gu-Gu Ganmo Dengeki Sentai Changeman and Tongari Boushi no Memoru. It is set after the Golden Mask Arc.This film is the first to feature anime original character Kinkotsu-Obaba.
 View from the Top is a 2003 romantic comedy film about a young woman from a small town who sets out to fulfill her dream of becoming a flight attendant. The film was directed by Bruno Barreto and stars Gwyneth Paltrow Christina Applegate and Mark Ruffalo.
 The Gay Deception is a 1935 romantic comedy film starring Francis Lederer and Frances Dee. Writers Stephen Morehouse Avery and Don Hartman were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story.
 Bedrooms is a 2010 drama film directed and written by Youssef Delara. Starring Julie Benz Moon Bloodgood Sarah Clarke Xander Berkeley Dee Wallace and Barry Bostwick. It premieres August 20 2010 at the Los Angeles Latino Film Festival 2010.
 When You Remember Me is a 1990 fact-based television movie based on the story of Mike Mills a teen with muscular dystrophy who is placed in a state nursing home by his destitute single mother. There he must contend with being a young person in the clinic and with an abusive head nurse. Kevin Spacey plays Wade Blank who started ADAPT a grassroots national disability rights group in Denver in the 80's.
 Vampire Secrets is a 2006 docudrama about the mythology and lifestyle of vampires produced by Indigo Films for the History Channel and narrated by Corey Burton.The documentary features the history of vampires from Indian (Hindu goddess Kali) Greek and Chinese origins and references to the Bible and ancient Mesopotamia.
 Two Weeks Off is a 1929 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Fontamara is a 1980 Italian film directed by Carlo Lizzani based on the novel of the same name by Ignazio Silone.It stars Michele Placido in the role of Berardo Viola and Antonella Murgia as Elvira.Ida Di Benedetto won the Nastro d'Argento (Silver Ribbon) for Best supporting Actress in 1981 for her supporting role as Maria Rosa.
 Al Moraheqat is a 1961 film by Egyptian director Ahmed Diaeddin.
 Twelve Months (世界名作童話 森は生きている Sekai Meisaku Douwa Mori wa Ikiteiru Russian: Двенадцать месяцев Dvenadtsat mesyatsev) is a 1980 animated feature film directed by Kimio Yabuki and Tetsuo Imazawa produced by Toei Animation from Japan in partnership with Soyuzmultfilm from the Soviet Union. It was based on the fairy tale of the same name written by Samuil Marshak.
 Dosti Dushmani is a Hindi film is directed by T. Rama Rao. It starrs Jeetendra Rajinikanth Rishi Kapoor Poonam Dhillon Kimi Katkar BanupriyaPran Kadar Khan Asrani Shakti Kapoor and Amrish Puri.
 Two Stage Sisters (simplified Chinese: 舞台姐妹; traditional Chinese: 舞臺姐妹; pinyin: Wŭtái Jiěmèi) also called Stage Sisters is a 1964 Chinese drama film produced by Shanghai Tianma Film Studio and directed by Xie Jin starring Xie Fang and Cao Yindi. Made just before the Cultural Revolution it tells the story of two female Yue (Shaoxing) Opera practitioners from the same troupe who end up taking very different paths in their lives.
 Zen Noir is a 2004 surrealist Buddhist murder mystery by independent filmmaker Marc Rosenbush starring Kim Chan Duane Sharp Ezra Buzzington Debra Miller Jennifer Siebel and Howard Fong.
 In the Cool of the Day (1963) is an American film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in Metrocolor and Panavision. The film is a romantic drama film directed by Robert Stevens and starring Peter Finch Jane Fonda Angela Lansbury Arthur Hill Nigel Davenport and John Le Mesurier.
 Stock Squad is a 1988 Australian TV movie focusing on the rural crime division.
 Brahmachari is an award-winning 1968 Indian film. Written by Sachin Bhowmick it is a G. P. and Ramesh Sippy production directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Rajshree Pran Mumtaz Jagdeep Sachin and Asit Sen. The music was by Shankar Jaikishan. The film became a box office hit and won several awards including Filmfare Best Movie Award.It was later remade in Telugu as Devudu Mamayya (1981).
 Speedway Junky is a 1999 film written and directed by Nickolas Perry. It stars Jesse Bradford Jordan Brower Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Daryl Hannah.
 All Aboard is a 1917 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 The Head Hunter (Lie tou) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Shing Hon Lau.The film is also known as Long Goodbye (American video title)
 Habermann (Czech: Habermannův mlýn) is a 2010 Czech-German-Austrian drama film directed by Juraj Herz. In the story a German mill owner in the Sudetenland and his family's lives are changed as Europe heats up in 1938.
 Everybody Has Secrets (Hangul: 누구나 비밀은 있다; RR: Nuguna bimireun itda) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film. It stars Lee Byung-hun Choi Ji-woo Kim Hyo-jin and Chu Sang-mi. Because it has several sex-scenes it is generally restricted to viewers under 18 or 21. Although the film wasn't a particularly big hit in South Korea it grossed $4888679 in Japan.
 Bungs and Bunglers is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Sri Krishna Satya (Telugu: శ్రీ కృష్ణ సత్య) is a 1972 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy.
 The Little Hut is a 1957 British-American romantic comedy film made by MGM. It was directed by Mark Robson produced by Mark Robson and F. Hugh Herbert from a screenplay by F. Hugh Herbert adapted by Nancy Mitford from the play La petite hutte by André Roussin.
 Tear This Heart Out (Spanish: Arráncame la vida) is a 2008 Mexican film directed by Roberto Sneider based on the novel of the same name by Ángeles Mastretta. It was Mexico's official submission for the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Looty is a 2001 Tamil comedy film directed by Parameswar. The film features Sathyaraj Roja and Mumtaj in lead roles. The film produced by V. A. Durai had musical score by Deva and was released on 14 January 2001 to negative reviews.
 The Army Nurse is a short documentary propaganda film commissioned by the US military to highlight the role and contributions of army nurses.The film opens with a combat scene in the summer of 1945 when the war becomes a million men old (presumably the Battle of Okinawa) one of the soldiers is show getting wounded and the scene goes woozy.
 61* is a 2001 American sports drama film written by Hank Steinberg and directed by Billy Crystal. It stars Barry Pepper as Roger Maris and Thomas Jane as Mickey Mantle on their quest to break Babe Ruth's 1927 single-season home run record of 60 during the 1961 season of the New York Yankees. The film first aired on HBO on April 28 2001.
 Wakaki hi wa kanashi (若き日は悲し) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Tsuruo Iwama.
 Carrément à l'Ouest is a 2001 French comedy drama directed and written by Jacques Doillon. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Just Watch Me: Trudeau and the '70s Generation is a Canadian documentary film by Catherine Annau produced in 1999 by the National Film Board of Canada.The film explores the social and cultural impact of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau's vision of a bilingual and bicultural nation through interviews with eight Generation Xers whose views of Canada were formed and influenced during the Trudeau era.
 I am Zozo is a 2012 horror thriller film that was directed by Scott Di Lalla. The film first released on February 18 2012 and was picked up officially in 2013 by Image Entertainment. I am Zozo follows a group of people that run afoul of a demon after using a Ouija board.
 I Know That Voice is a documentary about voice acting. It premiered on November 6 2013 at Grauman's Egyptian Theatre. It is narrated by John DiMaggio the voice of Bender on Futurama and stars John DiMaggio and many other voice actors including Billy West Tara Strong Tom Kenny Rachael MacFarlane and Mark Hamill.
 Ehsaan a Pakistani Urdu black & white film was another melodious presentation by Waheed & Malik combination. The film is a melodious love story starring Waheed Murad Zeba Nirala Rozina Azad and Ibrahim Nafees. The film was produced by Waheed Murad and directed by Pervaiz Malik.
 Gopi Gopika Godavari is a Telugu-language film released on 10 July 2009. The film starring Kamalinee Mukherjee Venu Thottempudi Krishna Bhagavan and Sana was directed by Vamsy.
 Haunted (Turkish: Musallat) is a 2007 Turkish horror film directed by Alper Mestçi about a young Turkish guest-worker who it is haunted by dark visionsin Berlin. The film which opened nationwide on November 16 2007 (2007-11-16) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007.
 Vi har det jo dejligt is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Dirch Passer.
 The Diary of a Slumlord is a 2013 docufiction film starring Matt Reaves about a fictional crime lord. It chronicles a struggling college graduate's journey from struggling to pay back his student loans to becoming a rich slumlord. It was screened at the 2013 Short. Sweet. Film Fest.
 The Woodsman is a 2004 drama film directed and co-written (with Steven Fechter) by Nicole Kassell based on Fechter's play of the same name. The movie stars Kevin Bacon as a convicted child molester who must adjust to life after prison.
 Nousukausi a.k.a. Upswing is a 2003 Finland black comedy film. It is directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.
 The Train Robbers is a 1973 Western film starring John Wayne Ann-Margret Rod Taylor and Ben Johnson. The movie was written and directed by Burt Kennedy. Mrs. Lowe (Ann-Margret) wants to retrieve the half million U.S. dollars in gold her late husband stole during an assault on a train and return it to the railroad. Lane (John Wayne) attracted by the $50000 reward decides to help and lines up some old friends to assist him. The comrades of the deceased husband of Mrs.
 De Boezemvriend is a 1982 Dutch film directed by Dimitri Frenkel Frank.
 Pawtucket Rising is a 2008 documentary film directed and produced by Jason Caminiti.The film tells the decade-long story of how the city of Pawtucket Rhode Island revitalized itself and became known as Rhode Island's Creative Community.
 A Student's Song of Heidelberg (German:Ein Burschenlied aus Heidelberg) is a 1930 German musical film directed by Karl Hartl and starring Hans Brausewetter Betty Bird and Willi Forst. It marked Hartl's directoral debut. The film is in the tradition of the nostalgic Old Heidelberg.
 The Perfect Flapper was a 1924 comedy film starring Colleen Moore. This was Colleen's second flapper film after Flaming Youth. It was released after Through the Dark(which had been made before Flaming Youth but did not make it to the theaters until after) and Painted People. The film is preserved at the Library of Congress along with a trailer.
 De Udstillede (English: The Exhibited) is a 2000 Danish documentary film directed by Jesper Jargil. It documents a theatrical experiment devised by Lars von Trier.
 The Searching Wind is a 1946 American feature film based on the play of the same name by Lillian Hellman.
 White Chicks is a 2004 American buddy cop comedy film written produced and directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans and also written and produced by Wayans brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans who also both starred in the lead roles. The film was released in the United States on June 23 2004. The film was produced by Revolution Studios and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The plot revolves around whiteface drag as two African American FBI agents disguise themselves as two Caucasian women.
 Kachehari is a Punjabi movie starring Rama Vij Gurdas Mann Yograj Singh and Vijay Tandon released in 1994. The movie was about a woman's tryst with the Indian judicial system.Kachehari was the costliest movie production it the time with production costs of a whopping 3.5 million rupees. Vijay Tandon the producer was adamant about what he had envisioned and cut no corners in financing his project.
 Bank Holiday is a 1938 British drama film directed by Carol Reed and starring John Lodge Margaret Lockwood Hugh Williams and Kathleen Harrison. On a 1930s Bank Holiday weekend a number of people rush for trains to head to the seaside.
 Let's Make Music is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West. The songs in Let's Make Music include the classic Big Noise from Winnetka.
 My Girl and I is a 2005 South Korean film directed by Jeon Yun-su. It is a remake of the Japanese film Crying Out Love In the Center of the World adapted from the novel Socrates in Love by Kyoichi Katayama.
 Side Street Story (Italian: Napoli milionaria) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Eduardo De Filippo. The film was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Plaguers is a 2008 American science-fiction horror film written and directed by Brad Sykes and featuring Steve Railsback.
 The Venice Project is a 1999 drama film directed by Robert Dornhelm. It stars Lauren Bacall and Dennis Hopper and included a cameo appearance from Steve Martin.
 The Kingdom of Solomon is an Iranian religious/historical film trilogy produced by Mojtaba Faravardeh and directed by Shahriar Bahrani who has made Saint Mary before.The Kingdom of Solomon was going to be released internationally on November 2010 after its screening in Iran but due to some technicalities its global release has been delayed. The film tells the life story of Prophet Solomon the King of Israelites.
 The Market of Vain Desire a 1916 silent film drama directed by Reginald Barker. It starred H. B. Warner and Clara Williams.
 Tora-san's Song of Love (男はつらいよ 旅と女と寅次郎 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Tabi to Onna to Torajirō) aka Torasan's Journey with a Lady is a 1983 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Harumi Miyako as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Song of Love is the thirty-first entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Paramathma is a Kannada romantic-comedy film written directed and co-produced by Yogaraj Bhat. It stars Puneet Rajkumar and Deepa Sannidhi in the lead roles and it was released on 6 October 2011 on the eve of Vijayadashami. Halfway through its production the film's TV rights was procured for a record 3.5 Crore. Even before the release the film grossed a record amount of over 25 Cr inclued broadcasting and distribution rights.
 Kuarup is a 1989 Brazilian drama film directed by Ruy Guerra. It was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anaswaram is a 1991 Malayalam movie directed by Jomon starring Mammootty and Shweta Menon in the lead roles. This was Shweta Menon's first movie in Malayalam. The movie was produced by Maniyanpilla Raju under the banner of Sarawathy Chaithanya and was distributed by Sreeram pictures.
 Mother (Hangul: 에미; RR: Emi or Hangul: 어미; RR: Eomi; also known as Woman Requiem) is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo. It won several awards at the Grand Bell Awards including Best Film.
 Divorce His Divorce Hers is a 1973 film starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton. The film examines the conflicted emotions felt by a couple whose 18-year marriage has frayed beyond repair. The first half of the film details the story from the husband's view and the second half takes the wife's perspective. The film which was directed by Waris Hussein from a script by John Hopkins was originally presented in a two-part broadcast on U.S.
 Charlie the Lonesome Cougar is a 1967 Walt Disney Productions adventure family film released by Buena Vista Distribution Company. It was filmed at the Columbia River Gorge in Washington state.
 The Amateurs originally called The Moguls is a 2005 comedy film written and directed by Michael Traeger and starring Jeff Bridges. The story revolves around six friends in a small town in the US who decide to make a full length amateur adult film.The film was released under the title The Moguls in the United Kingdom on April 28 2006. The film was released under the title The Amateurs and opened in limited release in the United States on December 7 2007.
 A Simple Death (Russian: Простая смерть translit. Prostaya smert) is a 1985 Soviet drama film directed by Alexander Kaidanovsky. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Apoorvaragam (English: Rare Melodies) is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film written by G. S. Anand and Najeem Koya and directed by Sibi Malayil. The film stars Nishan Asif Ali Nithya Menon Vinay Forrt Abhilash and Hima. It released on 16 July 2010 across 42 theaters in Kerala. The film was a sleeper hit at the box office.It is later dubbed into Telugu as 50% Love due to Nithya Menon's fame in Telugu.
 Carry On Nurse is the second in the series of Carry On films with 31 entries. It was released in 1959. Of the regular team it featured Joan Sims (in her Carry On film debut) Kenneth Williams Kenneth Connor and Charles Hawtrey with Hattie Jacques and Leslie Phillips. The film was written by Norman Hudis based on the play Ring for Catty by Patrick Cargill and Jack Beale.
 Banda Paramasivam is a Tamil film released in 2003.The movie is remade from the 1998 Malayalam Movie Mattupetti Machan starring Mukesh BaijuJagathy Sreekumar and Oduvil Unnikrishnan which was a remake of the Tamil film Chinna Mapillai. It is also remade in telugu as Hungama in 2005 and in hindi as Housefull 2 in 2012.
 Los tres García (The Three Garcias) is a 1947 Mexican film. It stars Pedro Infante Abel Salazar and Carlos Orellana. For the film's exterior shots the Delegation or City of Cuajimalpa Mexico was used specially Parroquia San Pedro Apostol which still provides religious services. Pedro Infante fell in love with the town the locals and countryside to the point of building a large mansion just outside of Cuajimalpa. He lived there until his death in 1957.
 Bluebeard's 8th Wife (alternately Bluebeard's Eighth Wife) is a lost 1923 silent romantic comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Sam Wood and stars Gloria Swanson. The film is based on the French play La huitième femme de Barbe-Bleue by Alfred Savoir based on the Bluebeard tales of the 15th century.
 The Crippled Masters (天殘地缺 Hanyu Pinyin: tiān cán dì quē) is a kung fu movie released in 1979. Filmed in Hong Kong it is about two men—one without arms and another with withered legs—who develop kung fu abilities and fight their evil teacher who made them disabled. Two sequels were released but have little to no connection to each other.
 The Great Beauty (Italian: La grande bellezza) is a 2013 Italian film co-written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino. Filming took place in Rome starting on 9 August 2012. It premiered at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it was screened in competition for the Palme d'Or.
 Deep Blue Sea is a 1999 science fiction horror film that stars Saffron Burrows Thomas Jane LL Cool J Michael Rapaport Stellan Skarsgård and Samuel L. Jackson. The film was directed by Renny Harlin and was released in the United States on July 28 1999.
 Cinderella originally released directly to video in 1994 is a 48-minute animated film adapted from the classic fairy tale Cinderella by Charles Perrault. The movie was produced by Jetlag Productions and was distributed to DVD in 2002 by GoodTimes Entertainment as part of their Collectible Classics line.
 Erased (also known as The Expatriate outside of the US) is a 2012 thriller film directed by Philipp Stölzl starring Aaron Eckhart and Olga Kurylenko.The story centers on Ben Logan (Aaron Eckhart) an Ex-CIA agent and Amy (Liana Liberato) his estranged daughter who are forced on the run when his employers erase all records of his existence and mark them both for termination as part of a wide-reaching international conspiracy.The movie was released in the US on May 17 2013 following its acquisition by RaDiUS-TWC the multiplatform distribution label of The Weinstein Company. 
 Rhino Season (Kurdish: وەرزی کەرگەدەن ، Persian: فصل کرگدن‎) is a 2012 Iranian movie by Mij Film largely filmed in Turkey and directed by Bahman Ghobadi.The film has been praised for its cinematography. It is one of the three films produced by Iranian filmmakers outside of Iran the others being Like Someone in Love by Kiarostami and The Gardener by Makhmalbaf.It is described as a love story in context of the political changes from before the Iranian revolution to the present.
 Before I Hang is a 1940 American science fiction horror film released by Columbia Pictures starring Boris Karloff. The film was directed by Nick Grinde (under the working title The Wizard of Death) and was one of several films Karloff starred in contract with Columbia.
 Those Dear Departed is a 1987 Australian black comedy.
 The Man Who Walked Alone is a 1945 American B film comedy-drama film produced by PRC Pictures Inc. directed by Christy Cabanne with top-billed Dave O'Brien Kay Aldridge and Walter Catlett Guinn (Big Boy) Williams.
 Supporting Characters is a film directed by Daniel Schechter. It was written by Schechter and Tarik Lowe.It had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 20 2012.The film follows two New York film editors trying to balance their personal lives while reworking a film.
 Beverly Hills Madam is a 1986 TV movie directed by Harvey Hart.
 Mard (English: Male or Man or Macho) is a 1985 Hindi action film starring Amitabh Bachchan and Amrita Singh and directed by Manmohan Desai. It was the highest earning film of 1985.The film was remade in Tamil with Rajnikanth as Maaveeran and further dubbed in Telugu but they bombed.
 Channelling Baby is a 1999 New Zealand film starring several of the country's well known actors as well as up and coming actress Amber Sainsbury.
 O Friend This Waiting! is a 2012 Indian bilingual documentary film in Telugu and English written and directed by Sandhya Kumar based on the poetry of 17th century Telugu composer Kshetrayya.
 One Wild Ride is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 45th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Turn in the Road is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor.
 Foolproof is a 2003 Canadian heist film directed by William Phillips and starring Ryan Reynolds David Suchet Kristin Booth Joris Jarsky and James Allodi. It was the first attempt by a Canadian studio to create a heist movie in the same vein as Ocean's Eleven.
 Parlor Bedroom and Bath is a comedy film starring Buster Keaton released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer in 1931. It was one of Keaton's early talking pictures released in the aftermath of his silent career. The film was released in the United Kingdom as Romeo in Pyjamas.
 The MatchMaker is a 1997 comedy film set in Ireland.
 The Witman Boys (Hungarian: Witman fiúk) is a 1997 Hungarian drama film directed by János Szász. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival. At the 20th Moscow International Film Festival the film won the FIPRESCI Prize and Szász won the Silver St. George for Best Director.
 Night Time in Nevada is a 1948 American film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers.
 Rendezvous with Dishonour (Italian: Appuntamento col disonore German: Spezialkommando Wildgänse) is a 1970 drama film directed by Adriano Bolzoni and starring Michael Craig.
 Women Must Dress is a 1935 American romantic comedy starring Minna Gombell and Gavin Gordon. It was produced and co-written by the former silent film actress Dorothy Davenport who had been working as a producer since the death of her husband Wallace Reid in 1923. The film was a rare leading role for Gombell and marked the film debut of Jon Hall albeit under his birth name Charles Locher.
 J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings is a 1978 American animated fantasy film directed by Ralph Bakshi. It uses a hybrid of traditional cel animation and rotoscoped live action footage. It is an adaptation of the first half of the high fantasy epic The Lord of the Rings (1954–55) by English novelist J. R. R. Tolkien. Set in Middle-earth the film follows a group of hobbits elves men dwarves and wizards who form a fellowship.
 Faintheart is a 2008 film the first to be created using input from an online site.[citation needed]The film was a result of a collaborative effort from Myspace Vertigo films and Film4.
 Cala My Dog! is a 2003 Chinese comedy film directed by Lu Xuechang. The film had its world premiere at the 2003 Berlin International Film Festival and its Chinese release a week earlier on February 2 2003. The film follows a blue-collar worker (Ge You) in Beijing as he attempts to acquire a dog license in 18 hours for his beloved unlicensed Cala. The film was co-produced by the successful film director Feng Xiaogang.Though a comedy Cala My Dog! moves at a subdued pace.
 Memorandum is a one-hour 1965 documentary co-directed by Donald Brittain and John Spotton following Bernard Laufer a Jewish Holocaust survivor on an emotional pilgrimage back to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. Produced by John Kemeny for the National Film Board of Canada the film received several awards including a Golden Gate Award from the San Francisco International Film Festival.
 Love You Hamesha is a 2001 Hindi musical film directed by Kailash Surendranath with music by A. R. Rahman. The film features Akshaye Khanna and Sonali Bendre in the lead roles. The film was remade from the 1994 Tamil film May Madham.
 Steam of Life (Finnish: Miesten vuoro) is a Finnish documentary film about male saunas directed by Joonas Berghäll and Mika Hotakainen. The movie was produced by Joonas Berghäll. It opened theatrically in New York City on July 30 2010 and opened in Los Angeles on August 6 2010 at the 14th Annual DocuWeeks.It was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 The Golden Touch is a Walt Disney Silly Symphony cartoon made in 1935. The story is based on the Greek myth of King Midas albeit with a medieval setting.
 Promised Land is a 1987 drama film written and directed by Michael Hoffman and it stars Kiefer Sutherland and Meg Ryan. It is set in Utah and is apparently based on a true story. It was the first film to be commissioned by the Sundance Film Festival and uses the drama over economic class and manhood in order to offer a critique of the Reagan Administration.
 Love Guru (Kannada: ಲವ್ ಗುರು) is a 2009 Indian Kannada film directed by Prashant Raj. The film starred Tarun Chandra and Radhika Pandit in leading roles. The music of the film was composed by Joshua Sridhar.
 Melody Time (working title All in Fun) a 1948 film is the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27 1948. Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music the film is like Make Mine Music before it the popular music version of Fantasia (an ambitious film that proved to be a commercial disappointment upon its original theatrical release).
 Seven Psychopaths is a 2012 British crime dark comedy written co-produced and directed by Martin McDonagh. It stars Colin Farrell Sam Rockwell Woody Harrelson and Christopher Walken with Tom Waits Abbie Cornish Olga Kurylenko and Željko Ivanek in supporting roles. The film marks the second collaboration between McDonagh Farrell and Ivanek following 2008's In Bruges.Seven Psychopaths had its world premiere on 7 September 2012 at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 Badha (Bengali: বাধা; English: Barrier) is a Bengali film released on 2005 directed by Shahin Shumon. It features Shakib Khan Purnima and Riaz in the main lead. It is inspired from 2004 Telugu film Arya; it was success at the box-office.
 Ah Boys to Men 2 (simplified Chinese: 新兵正传II; traditional Chinese: 新兵正傳II; pinyin: xīnbīng zhèngzhuàn II; literally Recruits' True Biography) is a 2013 Singaporean comedy film produced and directed by Jack Neo written by Neo Lim Teck and Leonard Lai. It is the second of two cinematic parts. It was released on February 1 2013. It is the highest-grossing Singaporean film of all time and has grossed over four times of its S$3 million budget.
 Pehla Nasha (English: First Intoxication (as in Love)) is a 1993 Indian film directed by Ashutosh Gowariker who made his directorial debut. The movie is a remake of Brian de Palma's 1984 thriller Body Double. Deepak Tijori plays the lead role alongside Pooja Bhatt Raveena Tandon and Paresh Rawal. The film also has cameo appearances by Aamir Khan Shahrukh Khan Juhi Chawla and Saif Ali Khan as themselves. It is the only film to feature Aamir Khan and Shahrukh Khan in a scene together.
 How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving. It is about a young man named Art played by Robert Pattinson who is going through a quarter-life crisis. The film premiered in competition at 2008 Slamdance Film Festival on January 18 2008. The film was also selected to open 2008 Strasbourg International Film Festival and Pattinson received 'Best Actor in a Feature' award for his portrayal of Art at the festival.
 Twist is a 2003 Canadian drama film and a retelling of Charles Dickens' classic Oliver Twist.
 Frontier Rangers is a 1959 film composed of episodes of the TV series Northwest Passage (1959).
 Kung Fu VS Acrobatic is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts fantasy comedy film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Andy Lau Natalis Chan and Joey Wong. The film is a homage to the 1964 martial arts film Buddha's Palm which starred Cho Tat-wah who also acts in a supporting role in this film.
 Armaan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Walking Back is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Rupert Julian and an uncredited Cecil B. DeMille.
 Markova: Comfort Gay is a 2000 Filipino biographical-drama based on the life of Walter Dempster Jr. the last surviving Filipino comfort gay from World War II. The film tells the story of his hardships during his childhood and his travails during the World War II Japanese Occupation. The character was played by actor Dolphy who played the adult Markova while two of his sons Eric Quizon and Jeffrey Quizon played the role of two younger Markovas in two more different phases of his life.
 Behold Homolka (Czech: Ecce homo Homolka) is a Czech comedy film directed by Jaroslav Papousek. It was released in 1970.
 Jaag Utha Insan is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K Vishwanath starring Mithun Chakraborty Rakesh Roshan Sridevi Sujit Kumar and Deven VermaIt is a love story between a Harijan boy and a Brahmin Girl played by Mithun Chakraborty and Sridevi respectively in the lead role supported by Rakesh Roshan Sujit Kumar and Deven Verma.
 Never Look Back is a 1952 British drama film directed by Francis Searle and starring Rosamund John Hugh Sinclair and Guy Middleton. A newly appointed female barrister's career is threatened by a former lover. It was made by Hammer Films at the Mancunian Studios in Manchester.
 The Working Girls is a 1974 American drama film directed by Stephanie Rothman and starring Sarah Kennedy Laurie Rose and Cassandra Peterson. Three woman sharing an apartment in Los Angeles are all endangered by the men in their lives.
 A Chump at Oxford directed in 1939 by Alfred J. Goulding and released in 1940 by United Artists was the penultimate Laurel and Hardy film made at the Hal Roach studios. Originally released as a streamliner featurette at forty minutes long twenty minutes of footage largely unrelated to the main plot were later added for the European distribution. The longer version is the one most often seen today.
 Fate (Hangul: 숙명; RR: Sukmyeong) is a 2008 South Korean action noir film.
 Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus. The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister an eight-year-old boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation. Kevin initially relishes being home alone but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci. The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin's parents.
 Edison (also known as Edison Force in the United States) is a 2005 American thriller film written and directed by David J. Burke starring Morgan Freeman LL Cool J Justin Timberlake and Kevin Spacey.
 The Sucker (French: Le Corniaud French pronunciation: ​[lə kɔʁˈnjo]) is a French Italian and Spanish comedy film by Gérard Oury starring Louis de Funès and Bourvil. It was released in 1965. As of 2013 it is still one of the 20 highest-grossing films in France along with La Grande Vadrouille another Oury-de Funès-Bourvil collaboration.The film was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where the actor Bourvil won a Special Diploma.
 Broken Highway is a 1993 Australian drama film directed by Laurie McInnes. It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kissed by Winter (Norwegian: Vinterkyss) is a Norwegian film that first premiered February 11 2005 starring Kristoffer Joner and Annika Hallin. Vinterkyss is similar to the Danish film Brødre in that it paints a very real picture of what can happen to family members in the event of an unexpected death. The movie is about the pain and sorrow that occurs after a loved one's death as well as how love can appear in the most unexpected of places even if it is not wanted.
 Wanted: A Husband is a 1919 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount-Artcraft. The film is based on the short story Enter D'Arcy by Samuel Hopkins Adams. The relatively unknown and forgotten Lawrence C. Windom directed this currently lost film.
 The Soubrette and the Simp is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Come December (2006) was directed by Faisal Saif. This film won Best Story award at Indianapolis LGBT Film Festival.
 Help! Help! Hydrophobia! is a 1913 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Waramutsého! is a 2008 film.
 Destinées (US title: Daughters of Destiny and UK title: Love Soldiers and Women) is a 1954 Franco-Italian co-production motion picture comedy drama directed by Marcello Pagliero Jean Delannoy and Christian-Jaque. The film stars Claudette Colbert (segment Elisabeth) Michèle Morgan (segment Jeanne) and Martine Carol (segment Lysistrata). It tells three stories unrelated but with a women and war.
 Heaven Can Wait is a 1978 American comedy film directed by Warren Beatty and Buck Henry. It is the second film adaptation of Harry Segall's stageplay of the same name preceded by Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941) and followed by Down to Earth (2001). Beatty stars in the lead role playing a football player who after being killed in a collision accident is sent back to earth in the body of a millionaire.
 Revolución: El cruce de los Andes (English: Revolution: The Crossing of the Andes) is a 2010 Argentine historical epic film directed by Leandro Ipiña and starring Rodrigo de la Serna. It premiered during the bicentennial of Argentina. It was initially named San Martín: El cruce de los Andes (Spanish: San Martín: The Crossing of the Andes).The film follows the life of José de San Martín with special focus on the Crossing of the Andes. Production was done by Channel 7 and Channel Encuentro.
 Ilzaam (English: Accusation) is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda in his film debut alongside Neelam Shatrughan Sinha Shashi Kapoor Prem Chopra and Anita Raj.
 Suee (The Needle) a film directed by Sai Paranjpye explores a number of areas in the lives of injecting drug users including treatment care peer and community support rehabilitation and the workplace.
 Dead Fire is a 1997 made for television Canadian science fiction film starring Colin Cunningham as a soldier on a space station. He is assigned to the freezer for prisoners as a result of a botched operation. When the prisoners escape he must stop them from taking over the space station.
 Conspiracy is a 2008 action/drama film released direct-to-video on March 18 2008. The film is influenced by the classic western film noir thriller Bad Day at Black Rock (1955) which itself was an adaptation of a short story Bad Time at Honda by Howard Breslin.While Bad Day at Black Rock tells the story of wounded WWII vet John J. MacReedy Conspiracy revolves around William Spooky Macpherson a disabled special operations marine wounded during combat operations in Iraq.
 Gumby: The Movie (also referred to as its on-screen title Gumby 1) is a 1995 stop-motion claymation feature film featuring the character Gumby.The movie is rated G by the MPAA.
 Tortoise in Love is an 2012 British romantic comedy film. The story follows a microbiologist turned stately home gardener who enlists the help of his village in an attempt to woo a Polish au pair he has fallen in love with. First shown at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival the film received its world premiere at Odeon West End Leicester Square the first film to premiere at Leicester Square since its official re-opening.
 Preah Toung Neang Neak is a 2004 Khmer film. It stars Yuthara Chany Meas Somavatei and Keo Pisey. The story is based on the highly acclaimed Cambodian legend.
 Around The World is a Bollywood romantic comedy released in 1967 directed by Pachhi.It was India's first film to be released in 70mm and was extensively shot all around the world as the title suggests. A romcom it featured Raj Kapoor as an Indian who travels around the world on 8 dollars.
 Kebab Connection is a 2004 German-Turkish comedy film with some slapstick set in Hamburg.
 The Falconet (in Persian: زنبورک; pronounced: Zænbũræk) is a 1975 film directed by Farrokh Ghaffari. It stars Parviz Sayyad Nozar Azadi Pouri Banayi Jahangir Forouhar Enayat Bakhshi and Shahnaz Tehrani.
 Darah dan Doa ([daˈrah ˈdan doˈa]; Indonesian for Blood and Prayer released internationally as The Long March) is a 1950 Indonesian film directed and produced by Usmar Ismail.
 The Song of Ceylon is a 1934 British documentary film directed by Basil Wright and produced by John Grierson for the Ceylon Tea Propaganda Board.The film was shot on location in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) at the start of 1934 and completed at the GPO film studios in Blackheath London.Digitized versions of the film are available to watch online on YouTube and via the Colonial Film: Moving Images of the British Empire website.
 Mano Po 5: Gua Ai Di (also billed parenthetically as Mano Po 5: Gua Ai Di (I Love You)) is a 2006 Filipino film starring Filipino actors Angel Locsin as Charity and Richard Gutierrez as Nathan. Nathan is a veterinarian with playboy tendencies who falls in love with Charity a full blood Chinese who always follows tradition.
 Echoes of the Rainbow (Chinese: 歲月神偷; Jyutping: Seoi3 Jyut6 San4 Tau1; romanisation: Shui Yuet Sun Tau; literally Time the Thief) is a 2010 Hong Kong drama film directed by Alex Law and starring Simon Yam and Sandra Ng.
 Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade is a Disney direct-to-video animated film released on December 9 2003. The film is based on the Disney television series Recess. It was released simultaneously with another direct-to-video Recess film Recess: All Growed Down. It is considered the series finale to the show.
 Ab Insaf Hoga is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Harish Shah starring Mithun Chakraborty Rekha Rohini Hattangadi Farooq Shaikh and Prem Chopra
 World Cupp 2011 is a 2009 Bollywood sport and crime film directed by debutante Ravi Kapoor. It deals on Match Fixings & involvement of the Underworld. It stars Ravi Kapoor and Manisha Chatterjee in leads.
 Kuro Arirang (Hangul: 구로아리랑; RR: Guro Arirang) is a 1989 South Korean film by Park Jong-won which stars Ok So-ri and Lee Geung-young and marks the debut of Choi Min-sik and Shin Eun-kyung. The film caused a stir over labor issues.
 7½ Phere is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film directed by Ishaan Trivedi and produced by Sonal Malhotra and Nimit Modawal. It stars Juhi Chawla and Irfan Khan in lead roles. The film was released in India on 29 July 2005 with mixed response.
 For the unreleased film by The KLF see The KLF films.White Room is a Canadian drama film released in 1990 written and directed by Patricia Rozema starring Maurice Godin Kate Nelligan and Sheila McCarthy. Ziggy Lorenc and Erika Ritter also have cameo appearances in the film as interviewers.
 Kick the Moon (Hangul: 신라의 달밤; RR: Shinlaui dalbam) is a 2001 South Korean film directed by Kim Sang-jin.
 Sic 'Em Towser is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It is believed to be lost.
 The Buddy System is a 1984 American romantic comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss Susan Sarandon Nancy Allen Wil Wheaton and Jean Stapleton. The film was directed by Glenn A. Jordan who is better known for directing and producing numerous television films and television dramas. The film follows the story of a cautious single mother who forms an unlikely friendship with her son's school security guard.
 The Great Pumpkin (Italian: Il grande cocomero) is a 1993 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.The film focuses on Valentina a young girl sent to a psychiatric clinic.A literal translation of the title would substitute watermelon for pumpkin'; the phrase has pop culture cache from being an intentional mistranslation of The Great Pumpkin in the Peanuts strips.
 I Vicerè is a 2007 Italian historical drama film directed by Roberto Faenza. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Federico De Roberto. For his performance Lando Buzzanca won the Globo d'oro for best actor. The film also won four David di Donatello awards and two Silver Ribbons.
 Mr. Moto’s Last Warning is the sixth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is an original story featuring the character created by John P. Marquand.
 The Love Bug (1968) sometimes referred to as Herbie the Love Bug is the first in a series of comedy films made by Walt Disney Productions that starred an anthropomorphic pearl-white fabric-sunroofed 1963 Volkswagen racing Beetle named Herbie. It was based on the 1961 book Car Boy Girl by Gordon Buford.The movie follows the adventures of Herbie Herbie's driver Jim Douglas (Dean Jones) and Jim's love interest Carole Bennett (Michele Lee).
 Black Widow is a 2007 made-for-television movie produced by RHI Entertainment and starring Elizabeth Berkley Alicia Coppola and Adriana DeMeo. It is loosely based on the 1987 film of the same name starring Debra Winger and Theresa Russell.Black Widow re-unites Elizabeth Berkley and Randall Batinkoff who starred together four years previously in the action thriller The Detonator.
 The Rochdale Pioneers is a British biographical feature film released in 2012 that tells the story of the foundation of the first successful cooperative retail store by working class members of the Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers in 1844. This came at a time of chronic unemployment poverty hunger and social inequality and it was met with prejudice and opposition.A documentary The Making of 'The Rochdale Pioneers' was also created to accompany the film.
 Cluny Brown is a 1946 film made by Twentieth Century-Fox directed and produced by Ernst Lubitsch. The screenplay was written by Samuel Hoffenstein and Elizabeth Reinhardt based on a novel by Margery Sharp. The music score is by Cyril J. Mockridge. The film stars Charles Boyer and Jennifer Jones and is a satire on the smugness of British high society. It is the last film Lubitsch completed.
 Major Chandrakanth is a 1993 Telugu patriotic-drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. N. T. Rama Rao (NTR) and Mohan Babu played the lead roles while Sharada Ramya Krishna Nagma Amrish Puri Srihari Manoj Manchu and Brahmanandam essayed other important roles. It was produced by Mohan Babu under his Sri Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures banner. It had music scored by M. M.
 Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N. (released in the U.S. without the 'R.N.') is a 1951 naval adventure film. It was directed by Raoul Walsh and stars Gregory Peck Virginia Mayo Robert Beatty and Terence Morgan.It was based upon three of C. S. Forester's Horatio Hornblower novels The Happy Return (Beat to Quarters in the United States) A Ship of the Line and Flying Colours.
 Sukumarudu is a 2013 Telugu film with Aadi and Nisha Aggarwal in the lead roles. Veteran actors Ghattamaneni Krishna Chandra Mohan and Sharada play prominent roles in the film. The movie is being directed by G. Ashok of Pilla Zamindar fame and is being produced by K. Venugopal under the banner Sri Soudhamini Creations. Music will be composed by Anoop Rubens. The movie was released worldwide on May 10 2013.
 Die blauen Schwerter is an East German film. It was released in 1949 and sold more than 3299432 tickets.
 A State of Vine is a 2007 American documentary film about winemaking. It is directed by Don Scioli. With insight and commentary from many members of the wine world – including Two Buck Chuck’s Fred Franzia champion racecar driver and winery owner Mario Andretti award winning winemakers Bob Foley of Pride Mountain Vineyards Daniel Barron of Silver Oak Cellars and Randy Pitts of Harvest Moon Estate Winery along with many others.
 The Pigskin Palooka is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 159th Our Gang short (160th episode 70th talking short and 71st talking episode) that was released.
 Joven viuda y estanciera is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Wake of Death is a 2004 American/German action film directed by French director Philippe Martinez and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme. Ringo Lam was the original director but he left the project after a few weeks of filming in Canada. The film was released to the cinema in France but direct to video in America in 2004.
 Tara Road is a film based on the novel of the same name by Maeve Binchy.
 Kaalachakram (Malayalam: കാലചക്രം) is a 1973 Malayalam film directed by K. Narayanan written by Sreekumaran Thampi and starring Prem Nazir and Jayabharathi. This is the second film and the first dialogued appearance of the later superstar Mammootty.
 My Favorite Spy is a 1951 comedy film starring Bob Hope and Hedy Lamarr. The movie was directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 Metamorphoses (星のオルフェウス Hoshi no Orufeusu Orpheus of the Stars) is a 1979 Japanese animated anthology film originally released by Sanrio in the United States on May 3 1979. The film is a retelling of stories from Metamorphoses by the Roman poet Ovid set to rock music by Arthur Simms and Pattie Brooks.
 Maléfique is a 2002 French horror film directed by Éric Valette.
 Miss Tutti Frutti is a 1921 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Cotton Club is a 1984 crime-drama centered on a Harlem jazz club of the 1930s the Cotton Club.The movie was co-written (with William Kennedy) and directed by Francis Ford Coppola choreographed by Henry LeTang and starred Richard Gere Gregory Hines Diane Lane and Lonette McKee.
 Snow Buddies is a 2008 direct to video in the Air Bud series. It was released on DVD on February 5 2008. The movie was shot on location in Canada at Mount Seymour North Vancouver and the town of Ladner British Columbia.
 The Man Outside is a 1933 British crime film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Henry Kendall Gillian Lind and Joan Gardner. A criminal gang search for stolen diamonds stashed in a country house following a major robbery. It is unrelated to the play The Man Outside which was not written until 1946.
 3 Stories About Evil is a 2008 short experimental narrative film directed by Michael Frost and photographed by Andrew K. Sachs. It was written by Walter Reuben and stars Mink Stole Erica Gavin Joe Dallesandro and Billy Drago.
 Ambigai Neril Vanthaal is a 1984 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Manivannan starring Mohan Radha and Ambika in lead roles.
 The Ambition of the Baron is a 1915 silent drama film. Gloria Swanson had a bit-part role.
 His Kind of Woman is a 1951 black-and-white film noir starring Robert Mitchum and Jane Russell. The film features supporting roles by Vincent Price Raymond Burr and Charles McGraw. The movie was directed officially by John Farrow and based on the unpublished story Star Sapphie by Gerald Drayson.Post-production on the film was rife with problems and Howard Hughes was dissatisfied with John Farrow's work and a number of scenes were cut added and re-shot by the uncredited Richard Fleischer.
 Mater the Greater is a 2008 Pixar computer animated short film directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Rob Gibbs and Victor Navone. It is the second short in the Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales series. The short features characters from the Cars films and takes place after the events of Cars. It was first released on Toon Disney on October 28 2008 and was included in the home release of the Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales compilation.
 Snow White is a 1987 American musical/fantasy film based on the classic fairytale and released as part of the Cannon Movie Tales series. The film was released straight to video. In August 2005 it was released on Region 1 DVD by MGM.
 Vacanze in Argentina is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Muthirai (English: Stamp / Mark) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written by Aneez Tanveer Jeeva wife of late director Jeeva who also produces this film and directed by actor Srinathstarring Daniel Balaji Nithin Sathya Lakshmi Rai and newcomer Manjari Phadnis in the lead roles whilst Kishore of Polladhavan and Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu fame and Ponvannan play important supporting roles and Bollywood actress Rakhi Sawant makes a special appearance.
 Fan Chan (Thai: แฟนฉัน English: My Girl) is a 2003 Thai romantic film offering a nostalgic look back at the childhood friendship of a boy and girl growing up in a small town in Thailand in the 1980s. It was the debut film by six young screenwriter-directors Vitcha Gojiew Songyos Sugmakanan Nithiwat Tharathorn Witthaya Thongyooyong Anusorn Trisirikasem and Komgrit Triwimol.
 The Midnight Wedding is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on a popular Ruritanian stage play in which Longford had appeared. It is considered a lost film.
 Si salvi chi vuole is a 1980 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Splatter Farm is a 1987 horror film by the prolific Polonia brothers.
 Padroni di casa (also known as Homeowners and The Landlords) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Edoardo Gabbriellini. It entered the competition at the 2012 Locarno International Film Festival.
 My Name Is Bill W. is a 1989 CBS Hallmark Hall of Fame television movie directed by Daniel Petrie starring James Woods JoBeth Williams and James Garner. William G. Borchert who wrote the film for television based it on the true story of William Griffith Wilson and Dr. Robert Holbrook Smith M.D. (the men respectively called Bill W. and Dr. Bob) the co-founders of Alcoholics Anonymous. James Woods won an Emmy for his portrayal of Wilson.
 Azur & Asmar: The Princes' Quest (French: Azur et Asmar) is a 2006 French-Spanish-Belgium-Italy animated fairytale fantasy film written and directed by Michel Ocelot and animated at the Paris animation and visual effects studio Mac Guff Ligne.
 The Movie is a film directed by Luke Eberl and starring Zaden Alexander Olivia Thirlby Steven Weber Richard Riehle Kris Lemche and Oliver Muirhead.Its plot revolves around a young man living in Los Angeles. The Movie is currently in production and is expected to be released sometime in 2014.
 Más allá de la aventura is a 1980 Argentine film directed by Oscar Barney Finn.
 King Kong is a 2005 adventure film and remake of the 1933 film of the same name. Directed co-written and produced by Peter Jackson it stars Naomi Watts as Ann Darrow Jack Black as Carl Denham Adrien Brody as Jack Driscoll and through motion capture Andy Serkis as the title character. Set in 1932–33 King Kong tells the story of an overly ambitious filmmaker who coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island.
 Marine Raiders is a 1944 RKO war film showing a fictional depiction of the 1st Marine Raider Battalion and 1st Marine Parachute Battalion on Guadalcanal R&R in Australia retraining in Camp Elliott (where much of the film was made) and a fictional attack in the Solomon Islands. Produced by Robert Fellows and directed by Harold D. Schuster it stars Pat O'Brien Robert Ryan and Ruth Hussey.
 Heartbeat also known as Danielle Steel's Heartbeat is a 1993 television film directed by Michael Miller. The film is based upon the 1991 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel. The film was heavily criticized by time of its release often called a 'yuppie love story'.
 Casey at the Bat is a 1927 silent film starring Wallace Beery and featuring Ford Sterling Zasu Pitts and Sterling Holloway. The film was directed by Monte Brice and loosely based on the baseball poem Casey at the Bat written by Ernest Thayer. Surviving period advertisements indicates Eddie Sutherland may have been slated as director before Brice.A copy is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Brothers Till We Die (Italian: La banda del gobbo) is an Italian poliziottesco-action film directed in 1978 by Umberto Lenzi. This film is the last collaboration among Lenzi and Tomas Milian.
 Jesse Stone: No Remorse is a 2010 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates a series of murders in Boston for a state police colleague and uncovers evidence that leads to a notorious mob boss.
 Shotru is a 2011 Bengali action film directed by Raj Chakraborty and starring Jeet Supriyo Dutta and Nusrat Jahan. This film was produced by Ashok Dhanuka in association with Eskay Movies and distributed by Eskay Movies. The movie was released on 3 June 2011 and is a remake of the Tamil film Singam which starred Surya and Anushka Shetty. Singam was written by Tamil director Hari who is known for his movies with rural settings.
 HP Lovecraft's The Tomb is a 2007 United States production horror film that is supposedly based on H.P. Lovecraft's 1917 story The Tomb. However many reviewers have noted that the plot of this film is completely unrelated to the Lovecraft short story.The film in fact has no single element whatsoever in common with the short story save for the title.
 Innisfree is a 1990 Spanish documentary film directed by José Luis Guerín. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival. The film documents the filming of the John Ford film The Quiet Man.
 Jonda Iman Gunda is an Assamese language romantic comedy film starring Vikram Rajkhowa and Angurlata in the lead. The film was directed by Chandra Mudoi released on 7 September 2007.
 Within the Rock is a 1996 science fiction horror film/monster movie/slasher TV-Movie directed by Gary J. Tunnicliffe produced among others; actor Robert Patrick and filmed in the USA. It starred Xander Berkeley Brian Krause Duane Whitaker and a cameo from former U.S. Marine Corps captain and technical advisor Dale Dye.
 Lo squadrone bianco (Italian for The White Squadron) is a 1936 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina. The plot features a cavalry lieutenant unlucky in love who redeems himself by battling the rebels of Tripolitania (modern Libya). The film won the Mussolini Cup at the Venice Film Festival during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War.
 Flightplan is a 2005 thriller film directed by German film director Robert Schwentke and starring Jodie Foster Peter Sarsgaard Erika Christensen Kate Beahan Greta Scacchi and Sean Bean. The movie was loosely based on the 1938 mystery film The Lady Vanishes. It was released in North America on September 23 2005.
 Toomelah is a 2011 Australian drama film written and directed by Ivan Sen. It was shown at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival on 11 May in the Un Certain Regard program. The story is set at the Toomelah Aboriginal Mission in New South Wales.
 Pearl View is a 1970 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Winchester '73 is a 1950 American Western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart Shelley Winters and Stephen McNally. Written by Borden Chase and Robert L. Richards the film is about the journey of a prized rifle from one ill-fated owner to another and a cowboy's search for a murderous fugitive. The movie features early film performances by Rock Hudson as an American Indian Tony Curtis and James Best.
 Flesh and the Spur is a 1957 Western film directed by Edward L. Cahn. The movie stars John Agar as Lucius Random Marla English as Wild Willow and Mike Connors (billed here as Touch Connors) as Stacy Tanner. The film was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with Naked Paradise. The plot is about a young cowboy who searches for the killer of his twin brother.
 Dragon Ball Z: Bardock – The Father of Goku known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: A Lonesome Final Battle - The Father of Z Warrior Son Goku who Challenged Freeza (ドラゴンボールZ たったひとりの最終決戦〜フリーザに挑んだZ戦士 孫悟空の父〜 Doragon Bōru Zetto Tatta Hitori no Saishū Kessen ~Furīza ni Idonda Zetto-senshi Son Gokū no Chichi~) is the first Dragon Ball Z TV special which is based on the popular manga Dragon Ball. It was broadcast on Fuji Television on October 17 1990 between Dragon Ball Z episodes 63 and 64.
 Chiko is a German 2008 film written and directed by Özgür Yıldırım.
 Jim Thorpe – All-American is a 1951 biographical film produced by Warner Bros. and directed by Michael Curtiz honoring Jim Thorpe the great Native American athlete who won medals at the 1912 Olympics and distinguished himself in various sports both in college and on professional teams.The film starred Burt Lancaster as Thorpe and featured some archival footage of both the 1912 and 1932 Summer Olympics as well as other footage of the real Thorpe (seen in long shots).
 La Mer (also known as The Sea) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière. Given its age this short film is available to freely download from the Internet.The film formed part of the first commercial presentation of the Lumière Cinématographe on December 28 1895 at the Salon Indien Grand Café 14 Boulevard des Capuchins Paris.
 Enrai (遠雷) or Distant Thunder is a 1981 Japanese film directed by Kichitaro Negishi.
 Story of Kennedy Town (西環的故事) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Wu Ma.
 The Prowler (also known as Rosemary's Killer) is a 1981 horror film directed by Joseph Zito and written by Neal Barbera and Glenn Leopold.
 Raw Justice also known as Good Cop Bad Cop or Strip Girl is a 1994 film starring Stacy Keach David Keith Airplane! star Robert Hays and Pamela Anderson.
 The Wisdom Tree is a 2013 independent mystery science fiction film. The film weaves science with art music and mysticism.The film was screened to a limited audience in February 2013 at Emory University and to attendees at the Science and Non-Duality Conference (San Jose California) in October 2013. The film's premiere is scheduled for December 7 2013 at AMC Metreon (San Francisco California). The film is slated for release across the United States in January 2014.
 Ernest Goes to Africa is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by John R. Cherry III. It stars Jim Varney and is the ninth film to feature the character of Ernest P. Worrell. It was re-released October 31 2006 by Mill Creek Entertainment as part of the DVD box sets Ultimate Ernest and Essential Ernest Collection with The Ernest Film Festival also known as Ernest's Greatest Hits Volume 1 (1986) and Ernest's Greatest Hits Volume 2 (1992) which were originally released on VHS.
 Out of Bounds is a 1986 American action-thriller feature film directed by Richard Tuggle and starring Anthony Michael Hall. It is currently not available on DVD.
 The Trust That Went Bust (Russian: Трест который лопнул; Trest kotoryy lopnul) is a Soviet 1984 TV miniseries (total runtime 196 min) based on stories by O. Henry. Directed by Aleksandr Pavlovsky. Screenplay by Igor Shevtsov
 The Phantom President is a 1932 film directed by Norman Taurog and starring George M. Cohan Claudette Colbert and Jimmy Durante. According to Richard Rodgers George M. Cohan deeply resented having to work with Rodgers and lyricist Lorenz Hart on the film. Cohan was bitter that the type of musical theatre that he had created was now out of fashion and that it was being supplanted by the more literate and musically sophisticated shows of Rodgers and Hart among others.
 Rebounce (Danish: Frit fald) is a 2011 Danish drama film written and directed by Heidi Maria Faisst.
 ¡Primaria! (English: Primary!) is a 2010 comedy/drama film directed by Iván Noel. The screenplay was cowritten by Noel and Francisco Alfonsin who also stars in the film.
 The Little Ballerina is a 1948 British drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
 Dr. Socrates is a 1935 crime film starring Paul Muni as a doctor forced to treat a wounded gangster played by Barton MacLane.
 Samba (Telugu: సాంబ) is a 2004 Telugu film directed by V.V. Vinayak. The movie stars Jr. NTR Bhoomika Chawla Genelia D'Souza and Prakash Raj. The movie deals with how important education is to kids.
 House Party is a 1990 American comedy film released by New Line Cinema. It stars Kid and Play of the popular hip hop duo Kid 'n Play and also stars Paul Anthony Bow-Legged Lou and B-Fine from Full Force and Robin Harris in his last film appearance (who died of a heart attack nine days after House Party was released). The film also starred Martin Lawrence Tisha Campbell A.J. Johnson Daryl Chill Mitchell and Gene Groove Allen (of Groove B.
 Vexille (ベクシル 2077日本鎖国 Bekushiru 2077 Nihon sakoku full Japanese title literally Vexille: 2077 Japanese Isolation) is a 2007 Japanese CGI anime film written directed and edited by famed Ping Pong director Fumihiko Sori and features the voices of Meisa Kuroki Yasuko Matsuyuki and Shosuke Tanihara.At the 60th Locarno International Film Festival where Vexille made its world premiere the film was sold to 75 countries including the United States-based distributor FUNimation; however since that time the number increased to 129 countries.
 Wedding Night (French: Nuit de noces) is a 2001 Canadian comedy film.
 Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart to Hades (Japanese: 子連れ狼　死に風に向う乳母車 or Kozure Ôkami: Shinikazeni mukau ubaguruma literally Wolf with Child in Tow: Perambulator Against the Winds of Death) is the third in a series of six Japanese martial arts films based on the long-running Lone Wolf and Cub manga series about Ogami Ittō a wandering assassin for hire who is accompanied by his young son Daigoro.The film has also been released under the name Shogun Assassin 2: Lightning Swords of Death as a sequel to Shogun Assassin which was most of the second film Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart at the River Styx and some of the first film Lone Wolf and Cub: Sword of Vengeance edited together for the US market.
 The Fly Cop is a 1917 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 'Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 3/4 (English: Life and Adventures of Four Friends 3/4) (Russian: Жизнь и приключения четырех друзей 3/4) is a 1981 Russian movie for children and family. It is a sequel to Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 1/2 (film) set in Russia. Adapted from the story of the same name by Yusef Printsev and directed by Oleg Yeryshev.
 Smoke is a 1995 American independent film. It was produced by Hisami Kuroiwa Harvey Weinstein and Bob Weinstein and directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster (who also wrote the screenplay). Among others it features Harvey Keitel William Hurt Victor Argo Forest Whitaker Ashley Judd Stockard Channing and Harold Perrineau Jr..
 Talaash: The Hunt Begins... is a Bollywood action film starring Akshay Kumar and Kareena Kapoor in title roles. It is directed by Suneel Darshan and produced by Pahlaj Nihalani.
 The Unborn 2 is a horror sequel to the 1991 film The Unborn. It was directed by Rick Jacobson and written by Rob Kerchner and Daniella Purcell.
 Croc is a 2007 made-for-television natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment that premiered in Canada on the video-on-demand channel Movie Central On Demand in July 2007. It aired in the United States on the Syfy Channel on November 4 2007. It is the 5th film in the Maneater Series produced under an agreement with Syfy.
 The Corpse Vanishes is a 1942 American mystery and horror film starring Bela Lugosi directed by Wallace Fox and written by Harvey Gates. Lugosi portrays a mad scientist who injects his aging wife (played by Elizabeth Russell) with fluids from virginal young brides in order to preserve her beauty. Luana Walters as a journalist and Tristram Coffin as a small town doctor investigate and solve the disappearances of the brides.
 Blue Oranges is a 2009 Bollywood film produced by S M Ferozeuddin Alameer under the Khussro Films banner and directed by Rajesh Ganguly. The film features Rajit Kapur  Rati Agnihotri Harsh Chhaya and Aham Sharma in key roles.
 Ta Kitrina Gantia (Greek: Τα Κίτρινα Γάντια The Yellow Gloves) is a 1960 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films. It was directed by Alekos Sakellarios and stars Nikos Stavridis Mimis Fotopoulos Maro Kontou and Martha Vourtsi.
 Possessed by the Night is a 1994 erotic thriller directed by Fred Olen Ray who also co-wrote and had a brief appearance in the film. It also stars Shannon Tweed.
 Crash Landing (simplified Chinese: 紧急迫降; traditional Chinese: 緊急迫降; pinyin: Jǐnjí pòjiàng; literally emergency forced landing) is a 1999 Chinese thriller film directed by Zhang Jianya. A Shanghai Film Studio production Crash Landing follows the contours of many airplane disaster films such as the Airport series and stars Shao Bing Xu Fan and You Yong.
 We're in the Legion Now is a 1936 American adventure comedy film. The film is also known as The Rest Cure (American reissue title).
 Zeyda and the Hitman (U.S. title Running with the Hitman) is a 2004 Canadian television film comedy. The story is about a grandfather who hires a contract killer to assassinate his allergy-prone son-in-law.
 Seine Hoheit – Genosse Prinz is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 Diary of Korean-Japanese War (Hangul: 난중일기; RR: Nanjung Ilgi) is a 1978 South Korean war drama film directed by Jang Il-ho. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Flow on Mic Skate on Board is a 2008 film about a two friends one who dreams to become a rapper and the other to become a skateboarder. Allen Yung Jay Johnson and Ian Lastie Lil'E Cole two real life rappers doing a movie about Friendship Rhyming and Skate tricks.
 La Calle junto a la luna is a 1951 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Nightbeast is a 1982 science fiction/horror film directed by cult director Don Dohler. It is a remake/sequel of sorts to Dohler's first film The Alien Factor. The story concerns a small town sheriff who must stop a rampaging alien from killing the residents of Perry Hall. Most of the cast of The Alien Factor reprise their roles in Nightbeast.
 Dangerous Years is a 1947 American drama film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel directed by Arthur Pierson starring Billy Halop and Ann E. Todd. Marilyn Monroe makes her second film appearance as Evie the waitress in the restaurant scene.
 Body Business is a 1986 Australian TV mini-series directed by Colin Eggleston set against the background of the world of modelling.
 Baharon Ki Manzil is a 1973 Pakistani film directed by S. Suleman.
 Adhurs (Tremor) is a 2010 Telugu-language film directed by V.V. Vinayak. The film stars NTR Jr. in a dual-role and Nayantara and Sheela as female leads. Music is scored by Devi Sri Prasad. The film was a Hit at the box-office and was the third successful hit with V. V. Vinayak and Jr. NTR combo.This ic NTR's second double acting This movie dubbed in Hindi as Judwaa No.1.
 Northeast of Seoul is a 1972 film directed by David Lowell Rich. It stars Anita Ekberg and John Ireland with music by Alan Heyman.
 4 Romance (Thai: ฝัน-หวาน-อาย-จูบ หรือ or Fan Waan Aai Joop) is a 2008 Thai romantic comedy released in Thailand's cinema on December 25 2008. This film was directed by four directors: Chukiat Sakveerakul Prachya Pinkaew Bandit Thongdee and Rachain Limtrakul.
 Squirm is a 1976 nature-strikes-back horror film starring Don Scardino and Patricia Pearcy. It was the debut of cult horror director Jeff Lieberman and remains the director's most popular film. Squirm also features early makeup work from Oscar-winning makeup artist Rick Baker. The film was shot over the course of 24 days in Port Wentworth Georgia.
 Love Cherish Respect (Kocha lubi szanuje) is a 1934 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 La Discoteca del amor is a 1980 Argentine film written and directed by Adolfo Aristarain.
 Rajadhani is a Kannada movie directed by debutant Sowmya Sathyan N R starring Yash Prakash Rai Mumaith Khan Chetan Chandra Sathya It also stars National Award-winning actress Umashri and Sheena Shahabadi a Mumbai-based model-turned-actress.The movie highlights how youths tend to lose their way in society due to wrong parenting and support of corrupt government officials. As a consequence their contribution to society becomes negative.
 Johnny Steals Europe (German: Jonny stiehlt Europa) is a 1932 German comedy crime film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel Dary Holm and Alfred Abel. The film was based on a novel by Walter Scheff. It premiered on 15 June 1932. A German helps a group of Americans to recover Europa their stolen horse.
 The Devil's Sword (Indonesian: Golok Setan) is a 1984 Indonesian sword and sorcery film directed by Ratno Timoer. The film stars Indonesian action star Barry Prima who appears in such films as Ferocious Female Freedom Fighters and The Warrior. The Devil's Sword crosses over into many different genres of film. The film features martial arts and also elements of fantasy horror sci-fi and also some mild sexual content due to the portrayal of the Alligator Queen.
 Assault in the Ring (formerly Cornered: A Life in the Ring) is a 2008 sports documentary film about a controversial boxing match held at Madison Square Garden on June 16 1983. The fight has drawn comparisons to the Antonio Margarito-Miguel Cotto controversy.
 Vanmala is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It was directed by Mohan Sinha and had Maya Banerji Pravin Kumar and Neela in the lead roles.
 Oottyppattanam is a 1992 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Haridas and starring Jayaram Siddique Jagathy SreekumarAnju Easwari Rao Narendra Prasad and Jayabharathi in pivotal roles.
 Erkak is a 2005 Uzbekistani drama film directed by Yusup Razykov. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu (Telugu: నీ మనసు నాకు తెలుసు) is a 2003 Telugu romantic drama film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna. The film stars Tarun Shriya Saran and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while Sunil and Tanikella Bharani play other pivotal roles. The film was also simultaneously shot and released in Tamil with a slightly different cast as Enakku 20 Unakku 18. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Year of the Comet is a 1992 romantic comedy adventure film about the pursuit of the most valuable bottle of wine in history. The title refers to the year it was bottled 1811 which was known for the Great Comet of 1811 and also as one of the best years in history for European wine.It stars Tim Daly Penelope Ann Miller and Louis Jourdan in his last film role prior to his retirement from film acting. Peter Yates directed William Goldman's original screenplay.
 Hulda from Holland is a 1916 silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Mary Pickford then the biggest movie star in America. The story is an original for the screen called Miss Jinny.
 Diminished Capacity is a comedy film directed by Terry Kinney and starring Matthew Broderick Virginia Madsen and Alan Alda. It was released at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and opened in theaters in July 2008. It was produced by Plum Pictures.
 Maaman Magal (Tamil: மாமன் மகள்) is a 1995 Indian Tamil film starring Sathyaraj Meena Goundamani and Manorama in prominent roles along with Jayachitra in the lead negative role.
 Steamboats on River Seine (French: Bateau-mouche sur la Seine) is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by French magician Georges Méliès. It is presumed to be lost.
 Pelli Sambandham (Telugu: పెళ్ళి సంబంధం ) is a 2000 Telugu film directed and produced by K. Raghavendra Rao . The film stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao Sumanth and Sakshi Shivanand in the lead roles.
 Gone with the Pope (also known as Kiss the Ring) is a 1976 independent film written directed and produced by Italian-American crooner-actor Duke Mitchell that was first released in 2010 by Grindhouse Releasing.
 Brenda of the Barge is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Arthur Rooke and starring Marjorie Villis James Knight and Bernard Dudley.
 The End of the Line is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Alan Baxter Barbara Shelley Ferdy Mayne and Jennifer Jayne. The film was released in the United States in 1959. It was made at Southall Studios in West London.
 Fred Ott's Sneeze (also known as Edison Kinetoscopic Record of a Sneeze) is an 1894 American short black-and-white silent documentary film shot by William K.L. Dickson and starring Fred Ott. It was the first motion picture to be copyrighted in the United States.In the five-second film one of Thomas Edison's assistants Fred Ott takes a pinch of snuff and sneezes.
 Tsuki no Waltz (月のワルツ lit. Waltz of the Moon) is a 2004 Japanese anime music video created for the popular NHK program Minna no Uta by director Atsuko Ishizuka and Studio Madhouse.
 Dangerously Excited (Hangul: 나는 공무원이다; RR: Naneun Kongmuwonida; lit. I'm a Civil Servant) is a 2012 South Korean comedy-drama film starring Yoon Je-moon as a stuffy municipal bureaucrat who learns to embrace life when a budding rock band moves into his basement. The film premiered at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival and also screened at the 2012 Udine Far East Film Festival.
 Life of an American Fireman is a short silent film Edwin S. Porter made for the Edison Manufacturing Company. It was shot late in 1902 and distributed early in 1903. One of the earliest American narrative films it depicts the rescue of a woman and child from a burning building. It bears notable similarities suggesting influence to Fire! made by James Williamson in Hove England in October 1901.
 Where Mountains Float (Danish: Hvor bjergene sejler) is a 1955 documentary film directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Love That Boy is a 2003 Canadian film and romantic comedy directed by Andrea Dorfman and starring Nadia Litz and Adrien Dixon. It is about a woman in love with a younger teenage boy. In French the film is called J'aime ce garçon.
 Englishkaran (Tamil: இங்கிலிஷ்காரன் meaning English Man) is a 2005 Tamil film. It casts Sathyaraj in the lead role. English Karan with the tagline Tamizh Vazhga is a film from the hit combo from Sathyaraj and Shakthi Chidambaram whose earlier ventures Ennama Kannu and Maha Nadigan were hits. Like other Sathyaraj films Englishkaaran also has humor glamour lots of puns and is based on a strong theme paced with whimsy humor.
 Castle in the Sky (天空の城ラピュタ Tenkū no Shiro Rapyuta) (re-titled Laputa: Castle in the Sky for re-release in the United Kingdom and Australia) is a 1986 Japanese animated adventure film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and is also the first film produced and released by Studio Ghibli. The film was distributed by Toei Kabushiki Kaisha. Laputa: Castle in the Sky won the Animage Anime Grand Prix in 1986.
 Hell Below Zero (1954) is a murder mystery film starring Alan Ladd in the second of his films for Warwick Films.The film was directed by Mark Robson and was written by Alec Coppel and Max Trell. The film was produced in color based on the novel The White South by Hammond Innes and presents interesting footage of whaling fleets in action.
 Hanste Khelte is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dayanand starring Mithun Chakraborty Rakesh Roshan Zarina Wahab Raza Murad and Vijayendra Ghatge
 French Without Tears is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Ray Milland. It was based on the play of the same name by Terence Rattigan who also co-wrote the script.An on-off working relationship between Asquith and Rattigan began with this film and continued over the next 15 years.
 A Lady Without Passport is a 1950 American film noir film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Hedy Lamarr and John Hodiak. Written by Howard Dimsdale the film is about a beautiful concentration-camp refugee who takes up residence in Cuba while waiting permission to enter the United States. An immigration agent decides to use her as bait to entrap the leader of an alien-smuggling ring.
 Yo no elegí mi vida is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Fighter Attack is a 1953 American war film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Sterling Hayden. It paired both Hayden and Selander together one more time after they did the film Flat Top.
 No More Orchids is a 1932 drama film starring Carole Lombard and Lyle Talbot as mismatched lovers based on the novel of the same name by Grace Perkins.
 The Teacher (Spanish: El brigadista) is a 1977 Cuban drama film directed by Octavio Cortázar. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 Pinky is a 1949 American drama film starring Jeanne Crain Ethel Barrymore and Ethel Waters. All three actresses were nominated for the Academy Award Crain for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Barrymore and Waters for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.The film was adapted from the Cid Ricketts Sumner novel Quality by Philip Dunne and Dudley Nichols and directed by Elia Kazan.The film is about a light-skinned African-American nursing student played by Crain passing for white.
 Whisky Galore! (released in the US as Tight Little Island) is a 1949 Ealing comedy film based on the novel Whisky Galore by Compton MacKenzie. Both the film and the novel are based on the real-life 1941 shipwreck of the S.S. Politician near the island of Eriskay and the unauthorised taking of its cargo of whisky. The plot deals with the attempts of Scottish islanders to take advantage of an unexpected windfall despite opposition from British authorities.
 The Holy Man (Thai: หลวงพี่เท่ง or Luang Phii Teng) is a 2005 Thai comedy film. One of the top films at the Thai box office that year it starred popular Thai television comedian Pongsak Pongsuwan as a Buddhist monk.
 Man in the Moon is a 1960 comedy film directed by Basil Dearden. It stars Kenneth More and Shirley Anne Field.
 Luna (Russian: Луна́ Moon) — is a soviet popular science and science fiction film directed by Pavel Klushantsev.
 Baap re Baap Dokyala Taap is a Marathi film released on 12 September 2008. The movie has been produced and directed by Kaanchan Adhikkari. The plot of the movie is based on how the presence of a young boy turns two families into a chaotic comedy circus.
 Home Before Dark is a 1958 Warner Brothers film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Jean Simmons Dan O'Herlihy Rhonda Fleming and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.. The screenplay was written by Eileen and Robert Bassing based on the novel by Eileen Bassing. The title song was written by Sammy Cahn with music by Jimmy McHugh. The film and Simmons' performance in particular attracted positive critical comment.
 Private Snuffy Smith is a 1942 American film directed by Edward F. Cline and starring Bud Duncan as Snuffy Smith.
 Prison Town USA is a 2007 documentary film about Susanville California a small rural town that tries to resuscitate its economy by building a prison.
 God on My Side is a documentary directed and produced by Australian agnostic Andrew Denton which follows his trip to the 2006 National Religious Broadcasters Convention in Texas. The 63rd National Religious Broadcasters Convention delegates comprised some 6000 Christian communicators.God On My Side premiered at the 53rd Sydney Film Festival on 15 June 2006 and was released in Australian cinemas on 2 November 2006.
 Ram Teri Ganga Maili (literally translated into English as Ram your Ganges is polluted) is a 1985 Bollywood film directed by actor-director Raj Kapoor. The movie stars Mandakini and Rajiv Kapoor son of Raj Kapoor. It was Raj Kapoor's last film. The film became a Blockbuster at the box office and went on to be the highest grossing Hindi film of 1985.[citation needed] The music director Ravindra Jain received a Filmfare Award for this film.
 Rebecca H. (Return to the Dogs) is a 2010 French-American drama film directed by Lodge Kerrigan. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 Attack on a China Mission is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by James Williamson showing some sailors coming to the rescue of the wife of a missionary killed by Boxers.
 Poikkal Kudhirai is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by Kalaivani. Starring Viji and Raveendran the film had Ramakrishna and lyricist Vaali making their acting debuts. Kamal Haasan appeared in a guest role in the film. Poikkal Kudhirai was a comedy film based on Crazy Mohan's play Marriage Made in Saloon.
 Steel Town (Czech: Zocelení) is a Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1950.
 Robin Hood is a 2010 British-American epic adventure film based on the Robin Hood legend directed by Ridley Scott and starring Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett. It was released in 12 countries on 12 May 2010 including the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland and was also the opening film at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival the same day.
 Anita: Swedish Nymphet is a 1973 erotic drama film directed by Torgny Wickman starring Christina Lindberg and Stellan Skarsgård.
 La venus maldita (English: Love for Spain) is a 1967 Argentine erotic drama film musical directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna.
 Three Times (最好的時光; Zuì hǎo de shí guāng; lit. 'Best of Times') is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Hou Hsiao-Hsien. It features three chronologically separate stories of love between May and Chen set in 1911 1966 and 2005 using the same lead actors Shu Qi and Chang Chen.The film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival it won the Golden Apricot at the 2006 Yerevan International Film Festival Armenia for Best Feature Film and received positive reviews.
 Freckles is a 1960 CinemaScope DeLuxe Color film directed by Andrew McLaglen. It stars Martin West and Carol Christensen.
 Pinocchio is a 2002 Italian live-action family film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni. The film is based on The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi with Benigni portraying Pinocchio. It was shot in Italy and Kalkara Malta. The film was later dubbed in the United States.
 August Evening is a 2007 film following the relationship between an aging undocumented farm worker named Jaime and his young widowed daughter-in-law Lupe. It was written and directed by Chris Eska and released theatrically on September 5 2008. Principal photography on the film took place during five consecutive weeks in the late summer of 2005.
 Eadweard Muybridge Zoopraxographer is a 1975 documentary film directed by Thom Andersen about the English photographer Eadweard Muybridge.
 Because of a Flower (Tagalog: Dahil sa isang bulaklak) is a 1967 Philippine drama film directed by Luis Nepomuceno. The film was selected as the Philippine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 40th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was the first Filipino film to be shot in color by De Luxe.
 Koch is a 2012 documentary film directed by Neil Barsky about former New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Koch premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 8 2012 and is distributed by Zeitgeist Films. It opened theatrically in the United States on February 1 2013 (coincidentally the day of Koch's death).
 Sie nannten ihn Amigo is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Originally released in 1988 Leo the Lion: King of the Jungle is a 46-minute direct-to-video animated film.
 The Isle of Lost Ships is a 1923 silent film adventure/melodrama directed and produced by Maurice Tourneur and distributed by Associated First National Pictures. The film is based on Crittenden Marriott's novel The Isle of Dead Ships c.1909. The story was re-filmed in 1929 by director Irvin Willat.
 Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Kamal Haasan in double role supported by Radha and Sulakshana. It was a blockbuster and completed 263-day run at the box office.
 A Letter to Momo (ももへの手紙 Momo e no Tegami) is a 2011 Japanese anime drama film written and directed by Hiroyuki Okiura. It is produced by the animation studio Production I.G. This film follows the 11-year-old Momo who has a hard time coping with the sudden changes after her father's death.
 La Cama is a 1968 Argentine film.
 Missione mortale Molo 83 is a 1965 Italian film directed by Sergio Bergonzelli.
 Bowery Blitzkrieg is a 1941 film and the sixth installment of the East Side Kids series. The film introduced Huntz Hall in his first of the East Side Kids film series.It was released in the United Kingdom under the title Stand and Deliver.
 Iron Sky is a 2012 Finnish-German-Australian comic science fiction action film directed by Timo Vuorensola and written by Johanna Sinisalo and Michael Kalesniko.
 Vengeance (報仇; original Hong Kong title Bao chou) is a 1970 kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung. The film is set in 1920 Peking and centers on a revenge plight of Chiang.
 Trouble in Paradise is a 1932 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Miriam Hopkins Kay Francis and Herbert Marshall. Based on the 1931 play The Honest Finder (A Becsületes Megtaláló) by Hungarian playwright Aladár László the film is about a gentleman thief and a lady pickpocket who join forces to con a beautiful perfume company owner. In 1932 the film received a National Board of Review award as one of the top ten films of the year.
 Law of Courage (Italian: Il giudice ragazzino) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Di Robilant. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Blue Angel Award. For this film Giulio Scarpati was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actor.
 Threshold is a 2003 Sci-Fi Pictures original film adaptation of the 1958 black and white science fiction film It! The Terror from Beyond Space (directed by Edward L. Cahn). The film stars Nicholas Lea (The X-Files' Alex Krycek) Jamie Luner (Melrose Place's Lexi Sterling) and Steve Bacic (Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda). Other notable cast members include Teryl Rothery television mogul Stephen J. Cannell (as Pacheco Laval) and Gloria Slade.
 Young Hearts or Jonge Harten is a 1936 Dutch film directed by Charles Huguenot van der Linden.
 Vagabond (French: Sans toit ni loi without roof nor law) is a 1985 drama film directed by Agnès Varda featuring Sandrine Bonnaire. It describes the story of a young woman a vagabond who wanders through French wine country one winter. The film was the 36th highest grossing film of the year with a total of 1080143 admissions in France.
 11th Victim is a 1979 American made-for-television crime drama directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Bess Armstrong and Max Gail. The film was based partially on the activities of the Los Angeles Hillside Strangler and was subsequently released on home video under the title The Lakeside Killer. Harry Northup Harold Gould and David Hayward round out the supporting cast of the movie.
 Gulf Stream Under the Iceberg (Latvian: Golfa straume zem ledus kalna) is a 2012 Latvian drama film directed by Jevgeņijs Paškevičs. The film was selected as the Latvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Keep the Lights On is an American drama film which premiered at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival and was released in New York City and Los Angeles on September 7 2012 by Music Box Films.Directed by Ira Sachs and written by Sachs and Mauricio Zacharias the film stars Thure Lindhardt as Erik a Danish filmmaker living in New York City to work on a documentary film about artist Avery Willard; while there he enters into a loving but complicated long-term relationship with Paul (Zachary Booth) a lawyer in the publishing industry who struggles with drug addiction. 
 Green Zone is a 2010 British-French-American war thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Brian Helgeland based on a 2006 non-fiction book Imperial Life in the Emerald City by journalist Rajiv Chandrasekaran. The book documented life within the Green Zone in Baghdad during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 Brussels by Night is a Belgian drama film from 1983 directed by former Humo journalist Marc Didden. The low budget picture was financed partly by Herman Schueremans organizer of the Flemish rock festival Rock Werchter. The film was named after a 1979 song by Raymond van het Groenewoud who also wrote the soundtrack for the movie.
 Malin Kundang (Anak Durhaka) (literally Malin Kundang [Faithless Child]) is a 1971 film directed by D. Djajakusuma and adapted by Asrul Sani from the folktale of the same name. It follows a young boy who forgets his roots after spending much of his childhood at sea. Starring Rano Karno Putu Wijaya and Fifi Young the film was a commercial failure.
 Cash is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Zoltan Korda and starring Edmund Gwenn Wendy Barrie and Robert Donat. It was made by Alexander Korda's London Film Productions.
 Infestation is a 2009 Horror-Comedy feature film by American writer/director Kyle Rankin. It was produced by Mel Gibson's Icon Entertainment and starring Chris Marquette E. Quincy Sloan Brooke Nevin Kinsey Packard Deborah Geffner and Ray Wise. It was filmed in Bulgaria.
 Aaron Loves Angela is a 1975 American Soul Cinema Classic film written by Gerald Sanford and directed by Gordon Parks Jr. This film stars Moses Gunn Kevin Hooks and Irene Cara. Both Cara and Hooks made early film appearances in this piece. This is the final film that Gordon Parks Jr. directed before his death on April 3 1979.
 La Symphonie Pastorale is a 1946 French language film drama directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Michèle Morgan and Pierre Blanchar. The film is based on the novella La Symphonie Pastorale by André Gide and adapted to the screen by Jean Aurenche. The film score was by Georges Auric.
 Band of Angels is a 1957 romantic drama film set in the American South before and during the American Civil War based on the novel of the same name by Robert Penn Warren. It starred Clark Gable Yvonne De Carlo and Sidney Poitier. The movie was directed by Raoul Walsh.
 Barbie: The Princess and the Popstar is a 2012 American musical Comedy fantasy animated film produced by Rainmaker Animation and Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
 Varannan vecka (Every Other Week) is a Swedish comedy/drama film released in 2006 and directed by Måns Herngren Felix Herngren Hannes Holm and Hans Ingemansson. The film also stars Måns and Felix Herngren amongst others.
 Suburbia also known as Rebel Streets and The Wild Side is a 1984 film written and directed by Penelope Spheeris about suburban punks who run away from home. The kids take up a punk lifestyle by squatting in abandoned suburban tract homes.
 Escape from the Dark is a 1976 American drama film directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Alastair Sim and Peter Barkworth. A Walt Disney Productions film it was retitled The Littlest Horse Thieves when released to the US on March 11 1977.This was Alastair Sim's final screen role.
 The Deciding Kiss is a 1918 American comedy film directed by Tod Browning.
 Within the Law is a 1916 Australian silent film based a play of the same name by Bayard Veiller. The leading role was played by American stage star Muriel Starr reprising her stage performance. It is considered a lost film.
 Collector Malathy is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Best Actor is a 2010 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Martin Prakatt. It stars Mammootty Sruthi Krishnan Nedumudi Venu Lal Salim Kumar Vinayakan Master Vivas Sreenivasan K. P. A. C. Lalitha and Sukumari in major roles. The film marks the debut of popular photographer Martin Prakatt as director. It was produced by Naushad under the banner of Big Screen. Several film directors made cameo appearances in the film.
 Bite the Bullet is a 1975 American Western film written and directed by Richard Brooks and starring Gene Hackman James Coburn Candice Bergen Ben Johnson Ian Bannen Jan-Michael Vincent and Dabney Coleman.
 Secret Agent (Russian: Подвиг разведчика translit. Podvig razvedchika) is a 1947 Soviet spy film directed by Boris Barnet based on a novel The deed remains unknown (Russian: Подвиг остается неизвестным) by Mikhail Maklyarsky with Pavel Kadochnikov in the leading role. Film also known as Secret Mission Secrets of Counter-Espionage The Scout's Exploit.It was the first film about the actions of Soviet intelligence officers who made a sweep behind enemy lines in World War II.
 Bemisal (English: unparalleled or unprecedented)is a 1982 movie produced by Debesh Gosh and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Vinod Mehra Raakhee Deven Verma Aruna Irani and Om Shivpuri. The music was by R.D.
 Mexico City is a 2000 film directed by Richard Shepard. The plot revolves around a woman who has to find her brother who has gone missing in Mexico City.
 Escort for Hire is a 1960 thriller film.
 Benji or Benji: The True Story of a Life Cut Short is a 2012 documentary film about the short life and 1984 death of Chicago South Side basketball player Ben Wilson who played for Simeon Career Academy. The film debuted at the Tribeca/ESPN Sports Film Festival on April 20 2012. The Tribeca viewing was a world premier.
 Vampire in Venice (Original title: Nosferatu a Venezia) also known as Nosferatu in Venice is a 1988 Italian horror film directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Klaus Kinski Christopher Plummer Donald Pleasence and Barbara De Rossi.The film is an in-name-only sequel to Werner Herzog's Nosferatu the Vampyre although its almost completely unrelated with Herzog's version of the Nosferatu story only with Kinski returning to reprise his loosely connected role.
 Evolusi KL Drift 2 (Literal translation: KL Drift Evolution 2) is a Malaysian action film. It is the sequel to Evolusi KL Drift. The film was released in Malaysia Singapore and Brunei on 25 March 2010.
 A Lovely Way to Die is a 1968 American drama film directed by David Lowell Rich and starring Kirk Douglas Sylva Koscina Eli Wallach and Kenneth Haigh.A police officer resigns from the force and becomes a bodyguard to the wife of a wealthy man.
 Richelieu is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost. It is based on a play written by Edward George Bulwer-Lytton.
 Sporting Blood is a 1931 American MGM sports drama film directed by Charles Brabin. The film stars Clark Gable (in his first starring role) Ernest Torrence and Madge Evans.
 Once Upon a Time in Seoul (Hangul: 소년은 울지 않는다; RR: Sonyeoneun Oljianneunda; lit. Boys Don't Cry) is a South Korean drama film starring Lee Wan and Song Chang-eui.
 Straße zur Heimat is a 1952 Italian film.
 The Road to Jenin is a 2003 documentary directed by Pierre Rehov a French-Algerian film director of Jewish descent whose documentaries mostly deal with the Middle East conflict. The Road to Jenin was produced to counter the Palestinian narrative in relation to the Battle of Jenin a clash between the Israeli army and Palestinian militants in April 2002 which drew Palestinian accounts of a Jenin Massacre (Arabic: مجزرة جنين‎).
 Donne con le gonne (Women in Skirts) is a 1991 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.
 Swing It Sailor! is a 1938 American film directed by Raymond Cannon.
 Momentum is a July 26 2003 television movie that premiered on the U.S. Sci Fi Channel. The movie was directed by James Seale.
 I Love You (Bengali: আই লাভ ইউ) is an Romantic Dhallywood Bengali film directed and written by Mushfiqur Rahman Gulzar. The film stars Shakib Khan Purnima Nirob Ilius Kanchan Recy Omar Sanny among other. features a successful soundtrack composed by Habib Wahid Hridoy Khan S I Tutol and Imon Shah was released on February 3 2012.
 The Legend of Gator Face is a 1996 Canadian comedy horror feature film written by David Covell Alan Mruvka and Sahara Riley and directed by Vic Sarin. The film first aired as a Showtime Original Pictures for Kids on May 1996. In 1997 it was nominated for a Daytime Emmy. The Legend of Gator Face had a theatrical and television release and is now available on DVD.
 The Ivory Ape is a television action film produced by Rankin/Bass released in 1980. It was entirely filmed in Bermuda.
 5 Sundarikal (English: Five Beautiful Women) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic anthology film. It contains five short stories on love about five types of women. The stories are directed by Shyju Khalid Sameer Thahir Aashiq Abu Amal Neerad and Anwar Rasheed and feature an ensemble cast. The film was produced by Amal Neerad Productions. The music directors are Gopi Sundar Bijibal Prashant Pillai and Yakzan Gary Pereira. The film reached theatres on June 20.
 Something to Talk About is a 1995 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lasse Hallström from a screenplay written by Callie Khouri. It stars Julia Roberts and Dennis Quaid as an estranged couple Kyra Sedgwick as Roberts's sister and Robert Duvall and Gena Rowlands as their parents. The title of the film stems from the Bonnie Raitt song of the same name. The film was shot in various locations around New Orleans Louisiana.
 A Magdalene of the Hills is a 1917 American silent drama directed by John W. Noble and starring William Garwood as Eric Southward Mabel Taliaferro and Frank Montgomery.
 The Woman Haters is a 1913 American short silent comedy film featuring Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle.
 Grand Finale is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ivar Campbell and starring Mary Glynne Guy Newall and Eric Cowley. The film was made at Shepperton Studios as a quota quickie for distribution by Paramount Pictures.
 The Come On is a 1956 American film noir directed by Russell Birdwell starring Anne Baxter and Sterling Hayden.
 Pokhi (Assamese: পখী) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua. It was released in 1998 as is the second instalment of his trilogy — the other two being Xagoroloi Bohu Door (1995) and Konikar Ramdhenu (2003). Pokhi won a National Award as the Best Film in the Regional Category in 2000.
 Sliver is a 1993 film based on the Ira Levin novel of the same name about the mysterious occurrences in a privately owned New York highrise apartment building. Phillip Noyce directed the film from a screenplay by Joe Eszterhas. Because of a major battle with the MPAA (which originally gave the film an NC-17 rating) the filmmakers were forced to make extensive reshoots before release. These reshoots actually necessitated changing the killer's identity.
 Manjil Virinja Pookkal (Malayalam: മഞ്ഞില്‍ വിരിഞ്ഞ പൂക്കള്‍ English: Flowers That Bloomed in the Mist) is a 1980 Malayalam film produced by Navodaya Appachan and directed by Fazil starring Shankar Poornima Jayaram and Mohanlal in the main roles. This film was one of the biggest hits of the year and was a major landmark in the career of director Fazil. The film produced one of the greatest Indian actor ever happened - Mohanlal.
 Sevagan is a 1992 Tamil language crime film directed and produced by Arjun Sarja making his directorial debut. The film features Arjun Sarja and Kushboo in lead roles. The film had musical score by Maragadha Mani and was released on 19 April 1992.
 The White Horse Inn (German:Im weißen Rößl) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Liane Haid Max Hansen and Henry Bender. It is based on the play The White Horse Inn by Oskar Blumenthal and Gustav Kadelburg.
 Iski Topi Uske Sarr is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raju Mavani and produced by Nitin Mavani. It stars Sharad Kapoor Mukul Dev and Divya Dutta in pivotal roles.
 Spectres is a 2004 supernatural drama film directed by Phil Leirness and starring by Marina Sirtis Dean Haglund and Tucker Smallwood.
 The Hired Hand is a 1971 American western film directed by Peter Fonda with a screenplay by Alan Sharp. The film stars Fonda Warren Oates and Verna Bloom. The cinematography was by Vilmos Zsigmond and Bruce Langhorne provided the moody film score. The story is about a man returning to his abandoned wife after seven years of drifting from job to job throughout the southwest.
 Muddat is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Bapaiah starring Mithun Chakraborty Jayapradha Padmini Kolhapure Kader Khan Ashok Saraf and Asrani.
 Capriccio also released with the international titles Love & Passion and Capri Remembered is an Italian erotic drama film directed by Tinto Brass. It is a liberal adaptation of the novel Le lettere da Capri by Mario Soldati.
 Snowball (Italian: Palla di neve) is a 1995 Italian adventure-comedy film written and directed by Maurizio Nichetti.
 A Trip (Slovene: Izlet) is a 2011 Slovenian drama film directed by Nejc Gazvoda. The film was selected as the Slovenian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 At the End of the World is an extant 1921 silent film action drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on the play At the End of the World by Ernest Klein and starred Betty Compson and Milton Sills.A copy is held at Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive.
 Buck Privates is the 1941 comedy/World War II film that turned Bud Abbott and Lou Costello into bona fide movie stars. It was the first service comedy based on the peacetime draft of 1940. The comedy team made two more service comedies before the United States entered the war (In the Navy and Keep 'Em Flying). A sequel to this movie Buck Privates Come Home was released in 1947.
 Variety Girl (1947) is an all-star movie musical produced by Paramount Pictures. Numerous Paramount contract players and directors make cameos or perform songs with particularly large amounts of screen time featuring Bing Crosby. The story revolves around two young girls who exchange identities causing confusion at the Variety Club (show-business charity) and the Paramount studio.
 Be Like Others (also known as Transsexual in Iran) is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Tanaz Eshaghian about transsexuals in Iran. It explores issues of gender and sexual identity while following the personal stories of some of the patients at a Tehran gender reassignment clinic. The film played at the Sundance Film Festival and the Berlin International Film Festival winning three awards.
 Ijaazat (meaning permission) is an 1987 Indian Hindi film directed by Gulzar based on a Bengali story Jatugriha by Subodh Ghosh. Starring Rekha Naseeruddin Shah and Anuradha Patel in leading roles the film followed the story of couple who are separated and who accidentally meet in a railway station waiting room and discover some truths about their lives without each other.
 It Came from Kuchar is a 2009 documentary film about twin underground filmmakers George Kuchar and Mike Kuchar directed by Jennifer Kroot (a former student of George Kuchar at the San Francisco Art Institute) and produced by Tigerlily Films LLC. The film includes commentary by John Waters Christopher Coppola Wayne Wang B.
 Pratidwandi or Pratidandi (literally Adversary Opponent or Competitor in Bengali; known internationally as The Adversary) is a 1970 Indian Bengali drama filmdirected by Satyajit Ray based on the novel by Sunil Gangopadhyay. It is the first part of the Calcutta trilogy. Set during the period of the naxalite movement in Bengal Pratidwandi tells the story of Siddharta an educated middle-class man caught within the turmoils of social unrest.
 The Man in the Background (German: Der Mann im Hintergrund Dutch:De man op den achtergrond) is a 1922 Dutch-German silent film directed by Ernst Winar.
 Goodbye Dear Moon (Spanish: Adiós querida luna) is a 2004 Argentine sci-fi comedy film directed by Fernando Spiner and written by Spiner Sergio Bizzio Valentín Javier Diment Alejandra Flechner Alejandro Urdapilleta and Sergio Bizzio.
 People of Tokyo Goodbye (東京の人さようなら Tōkyō no hito sayōnara) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 The Brain is a 1988 Canadian science fiction horror film depicting a giant brain like alien that terrorizes. The film has developed a small cult following.
 The Black Corsair (Italian:Il corsaro nero) is a 1937 Italian adventure film directed by Amleto Palermi and starring Ciro Verratti Silvana Jachino and Ada Biagini. The film is an adaptation of the 1898 novel The Black Corsair by Emilio Salgari.
 Lines of Wellington (Portuguese: Linhas de Wellington) is a 2012 Franco-Portuguese epic war film and television series prepared by Chilean director Raúl Ruiz and completed by his widow Valeria Sarmiento. Its title refers to the historical Lines of Torres Vedras.The film was in competition for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 Escape Clause is a 1996 made for TV film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. It is a murder mystery about an insurance agent (Andrew McCarthy) accused of his wife's murder.
 Baba Kalyani is a Malayalam action film released in 2006. Directed by Shaji Kailas this film has Mohanlal in the title role supported by Biju Menon Saikumar Indrajith Sukumaran Mamta Mohandas and Jagathy Sreekumar.
 A Diary of Chuji's Travels (忠次旅日記 Chūji tabi nikki) is a silent Japanese jidaigeki made in 1927 starring Denjirō Ōkōchi and directed by Daisuke Itō. It was originally released in three parts all of which were long thought to be lost until portions of the second part and much of the third part were discovered and restored in 1991. Since the film had once been voted in a 1959 Kinema Junpō poll as the best Japanese film of all time its discovery was significant.
 Karm Yudh is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Swaroop Kumar starring Mithun Chakraborty Parveen Babi Asha Sachdev Anita Raj Pran Tej Sapru and Amrish Puri
 Saviour of the Soul II (alternative Chinese title 九二神鵰俠侶) is a 1992 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Corey Yuen and David Lai and starring Andy Lau and Rosamund Kwan. Although the film shares the same Chinese title as Louis Cha's The Return of the Condor Heroes it is unrelated to the novel. It is also unrelated to the 1991 film Saviour of the Soul.
 The Red Menace (reissue title Underground Spy) is a 1949 anti-communist and an anti-Soviet film released by Republic Pictures.An ex-GI named Bill Jones (Robert Rockwell) becomes involved with the Communist Party USA. While in training Jones falls in love with one of his instructors. At first true followers of Communism they realize their mistake when they witness Party leaders murder a member who questions the party's principles.
 Kandahar is a 2010 Malayalam war film directed by Major Ravi. It stars Mohanlal reprising his role from the prequels Kirtichakra (2006) and Kurukshetra (2008) as Major Mahadevan. Amitabh Bachchan and Ganesh Venkatraman also play major roles. The film was released on 16 December 2010 along with its dubbed versions in Tamil and Hindi. The plot is based on the hijacking incident of Indian Airlines Flight 814.
 Gleaming the Cube (also known as A Brother's Justice and Skate or Die) is an American film released in 1989. It featured Christian Slater as Brian Kelly a 16-year-old skateboarder investigating the death of his adopted Vietnamese brother.The Skating Technical Advisor for the film was original Z-Boy Stacy Peralta.
 Mortal Kombat is a 1995 American fantasy martial arts film written by Kevin Droney directed by Paul W. S. Anderson and starring Robin Shou Linden Ashby Bridgette Wilson Christopher Lambert Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa and Talisa Soto. Based on the early Mortal Kombat fighting games the film was the first part of the Mortal Kombat film series.
 Station West is a 1948 black-and-white film directed by Sidney Lanfield and based on a Western novel by Luke Short.The interest of the film lies in the sharp dialogue between Powell and Greer as much as in its plot. Burl Ives plays a small role and sings the following songs on the soundtrack: A Stranger in Town The Sun's Shining Warm and A Man Can't Grow Old.
 Urvashi Bharathi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Catene invisibili is a 1942 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli.
 Breakfast with Scot is a 2007 Canadian comedy film. It is adapted from the novel by Tufts University professor Michael Downing.The screenplay was adapted by Sean Reycraft from the book by Michael Downing and the film was directed by Laurie Lynd. The film attracted significant press attention in 2006 when the National Hockey League and the Toronto Maple Leafs announced that they had approved the use of the team's logo and uniforms in the film.
 Anda Naal Nyabagam is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005.
 Stardust on the Sage is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette William Henry and Edith Fellows. Written by Betty Burbridge based on a story by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a singing cowboy who helps his fellow ranchers against a corrupt mine superintendent looking to steal the mine in which they've invested.
 Apoorva Sagodharargal (Tamil: அபூர்வ சகோதரர்கள்) is a Tamil film that released on 21 October 1949 starring M. K. Radha and P. Bhanumathi directed by Acharya. It is simultaneously produced in Tamil Telugu and Hindi languages by Gemini Studios. The film was made in Telugu as Apoorva Sahodarulu directed by C. Pullaiah and Hindi as Nishaan directed by S. S. Vasan.
 Family Theater is a dramatic anthology radio show which aired on the Mutual Broadcasting System in the United States from February 13 1947 to September 11 1957.
 Goin' Down the Road is a 1970 Canadian film directed by Donald Shebib and released in 1970. It chronicles the lives of two men from the Maritimes who move to Toronto in order to find a better life. It starred Doug McGrath Paul Bradley Jayne Eastwood and Cayle Chernin. Despite a lack of production expense it is generally regarded as one of the best and most influential Canadian films of all time and has received considerable critical acclaim for its true-to-life performances.
 Break Ke Baad (Hindi: ब्रेक के बाद After the Break) is a 2010 romantic coming-of-age dramedy directed by Danish Aslam and starring Deepika Padukone and Imran Khan in lead roles. Shahana Goswami and Yudhishtr Urs play siblings while Sharmila Tagore Navin Nischol (in his last role before his death in 2011) and Lillete Dubey have supporting roles. The major part of the film was shot in Mauritius.
 Bora Bora is a 2011 Danish drama film written and directed by Hans Fabian Wullenweber.
 Beyond the Border is a 1925 American Western film directed by Scott R. Dunlap produced by Hunt Stromberg and starring Harry Carey. It was released by Producers Distributing Corporation.
 Smiling in a War Zone (also known as Flying Down to Kabul) is a partly documentary film by artist Simone Aaberg Kærn about flying from Denmark to Afghanistan to help a young Afghani girl becoming a pilot. It was filmed in 2002 and released on 14 September 2006.
 Point Blank (French: À bout portant) is a 2010 French action-thriller film directed by Fred Cavayé and starring Gilles Lellouche Roschdy Zem Gérard Lanvin and Elena Anaya.
 Kamen Rider J (仮面ライダーJ Kamen Raidā Jei) translated as Masked Rider J is a 1994 Japanese tokusatsu movie produced by Toei Company loosely based on their Kamen Rider Series.As part of the 40th anniversary of the Kamen Rider Series film J was shown on Toei's pay-per-view channel during September 2011. The film's protagonist Kamen Rider J makes appearances in the films of the later Kamen Rider Decade television series most notably in the climactic scene of All Riders vs.
 Carrie is a 1976 American supernatural horror film based on the 1974 novel of the same name by Stephen King. The film was directed by Brian De Palma and written by Lawrence D. Cohen.The film received two Academy Award nominations one for Sissy Spacek in the title role and one for Piper Laurie as her abusive mother. The film featured numerous young actors – including Nancy Allen William Katt Amy Irving and John Travolta – whose careers were launched or escalated by the film.
 Late Marriage (Hebrew: חתונה מאוחרת‎ Hatuna Meuheret) is a 2001 Israeli film directed by Dover Kosashvili. The film centers on Zaza (Lior Ashkenazi in his breakthrough role) the 31-year-old child of tradition-minded Georgian Jewish immigrants who are anxiously trying to arrange a marriage for him. Unbeknownst to them he is secretly dating a 34-year-old divorcée Judith (Ronit Elkabetz).
 The Package is a 2013 direct-to-video action film directed by Jesse V Johnson and starring Stone Cold Steve Austin and Dolph Lundgren.Filming began in February 2012 part of which took place in Abbotsford British Columbia and the film released on February 9 2013.
 Flesh (alternate title: Andy Warhol's Flesh) is a 1968 film directed by American filmmaker Paul Morrissey.Flesh is the first film of the Paul Morrissey Trilogy produced by Andy Warhol. The other films in the trilogy include Trash and Heat. All three have gained a cult following and are noted examples of the ideals and ideology of the time period.The film stars Joe Dallesandro as a hustler working on the streets of New York City.
 Konjiki no Gash Bell!!: Attack of the Mecha-Vulcan is a 2004 Japanese animated film the second based on the anime Konjiki no Gash Bell!!. The first was Konjiki no Gash Bell!! Movie 1: Unlisted Demon 101 also released in 2004.Both were released in Japan but have not been dubbed in any other languages besides Japanese and have not been released outside of Japan.
 Marie and Bruce is a 2004 drama film from Holedigger and New Films. It is directed by Tom Cairns and stars Julianne Moore and Matthew Broderick. It was based on the 1978 play of the same name by Wallace Shawn and premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2004. Although the film was well received and starred many major motion picture stars it failed to receive distribution and remained obscure until it was released on DVD in March 2009.
 ¡Que viva México! (Russian: Да здравствует Мексика!) is a film project begun in 1930 by the Russian avant-garde director Sergei Eisenstein (1898–1948). It would have been an episodic portrayal of Mexican culture and politics from pre-Conquest civilization to the Mexican revolution. Production was beset by difficulties and was eventually abandoned. Jay Leyda and Zina Voynow call it his greatest film plan and his greatest personal tragedy.
 Life Begins at Eight-Thirty is a 1942 drama film starring Monty Woolley as a washed-up alcoholic actor Ida Lupino as his daughter and Cornel Wilde as her boyfriend. It is based on the play The Light of Heart by Emlyn Williams.
 Playing for Keeps is a 2012 American romantic comedy film directed by Gabriele Muccino starring Gerard Butler with Jessica Biel Catherine Zeta-Jones Dennis Quaid Uma Thurman and Judy Greer in supporting roles. The film was released on December 7 2012 in the United States and Canada by FilmDistrict.
 Edi Nijam (English title: What is Truth; Telugu: ఏది నిజం) is a 1956 Telugu film directed by Vainik and film personality Sundaram Balachander and produced by Ghantasala Krishnamurthy of Pratibha Films. The films starring Nagabhushanam of Rakta Kanneeru fame. The story is loosely based on the Italian film Puzitor.
 Uno scandalo perbene (internationally released as A Proper Scandal) is a 1984 Italian drama film. It rapresents the last film written and directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile. It is a true dramatization of the Bruneri-Canella case.The film entered the competition at the 41° Venice International Film Festival.
 Belinda is a 1988 Australian film directed by Pamela Gibbons which stars Deanne Jeffs in the title role. The film was also known as Midnight Dancer.
 Raja Kumarudu (Telugu: రాజకుమారుడు; Translated: Prince) is a 1999 Telugu movie directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. It stars Mahesh Babu and Preity Zinta. In the movie Krishna made a guest appearance as the father of Mahesh Babu. Raja Kumarudu received positive reviews and was commercially successful.
 Cutter's Way (also known as Cutter and Bone) is a 1981 thriller directed by Ivan Passer. The film stars Jeff Bridges John Heard and Lisa Eichhorn. The screenplay was by Jeffrey Alan Fiskin based on the novel Cutter and Bone by Newton Thornburg.
 Track the Man Down is a 1955 British drama film written by Paul Erickson and directed by R.G. Springsteen.The melodramatic crime caper centers on a robbery at a greyhound racetrack that results in the unintentional murder of a guard.
 Flight of Fury is a 2007 American action film directed by Michael Keusch and written by Joe Halpin and Steven Seagal who also starred. The film co-stars Steve Toussaint Angus MacInnes and Mark Bazeley. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on February 20 2007.
 Below the Deadline is a 1936 American film directed by Charles Lamont.
 For other uses see Painted Desert (disambiguation)The Painted Desert (1931) is a film released by RKO Radio Pictures which marks the debut of Clark Gable in a talkie. Gable's performance as Rance Brett an unshaven former criminal who does not feel sorry about the crimes he has committed made him an important supporting actor overnight as the result of an avalanche of unexpected fan mail and opened the door for him to become The King of Hollywood during the 1930s.
 Ehrengard is a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Emidio Greco. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Karen Blixen. It premiered at the 1982 Venice International Film Festival then due to the bankruptcy of the producers it was released theatrically just in 2002.
 Strange Experiment is a 1937 British drama film directed by Albert Parker and starring Donald Gray Ann Wemyss and Mary Newcomb. It was an adaptation of the play Two Worlds by John Golden and Hubert Osborne.
 Kissed by the Wolves (Chinese: 狼吻) is a 1975 Hong Kong adult film directed by famous Shaw Brothers villain actor Chan Hung Lit who also acts in a supporting role. It stars Alan Tang Pan Yin Tze Dean Shek and Lydia Shum. This film won Best Cinematography at the 21st Asia Pacific Film Festival.
 Bruce Lee's Secret (aka Secret of Bruce Lee and Bruce Lee's Deadly Kung Fu) is a 1976 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chan Wa and William Cheung Ki which is also a pseudo biopic of Bruce Lee. It stars Bruce Li as Bob Lee whose life is essentially the same as Lee's and is on two occasions actually referred to as 'Bruce'. The film has been released under the alternate two film titles they were: The Story of the Dragon and Bruce Lee: Master of Jeet Kune Do.
 Bhai is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Veerabhadram Chowdary and produced by Akkineni Nagarjuna under Annapurna Studios in association with Reliance Entertainment. It is a remake of the 2010 Malayalam film Pokkiri Raja[citation needed]. It stars Akkineni Nagarjuna and Richa Gangopadhyay while Prasanna in his Telugu debut and Sonu Sood appear in important roles.
 Bayside Shakedown: The Movie (踊る大捜査線 THE MOVIE 湾岸署史上最悪の3日間! Odoru Daisōsasen Za Mūbī Wangansho Shijōsaiaku No Mikkakan!) was a Japanese police drama / comedy movie released in October 1998. The movie was based on the hit TV series Bayside Shakedown which had just finished airing roughly a year and a half before.
 Here Come the Girls is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 o.k. is a 1970 West German anti-war film directed by Michael Verhoeven. It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 43rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination. The film was also entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival. However the competition was cancelled and no prizes were awarded over controversy surrounding the film.
 The Pagemaster is a 1994 American live-action/animated fantasy adventure film starring Macaulay Culkin Christopher Lloyd Patrick Stewart Whoopi Goldberg Frank Welker and Leonard Nimoy. The film was produced by Turner Pictures and released by 20th Century Fox on November 23 1994.The film was written for the screen by David Casci based on a 6-page pitch by writer Charles Pogue entitled Library Days presented to Casci by producer David Kirschner.
 not to be confused with Hathyar (1989 film)Hathyar (English: Weapon) is a 2002 Bollywood crime drama film. Directed by Mahesh Manjrekar. The film is a sequel to 1999's Vaastav . Starring Sanjay Dutt Shilpa Shetty and Sharad Kapoor Hathyar begins where Vaastav had ended. The movie was an average performer at box office.
 Budtameez (English: Insolent) is a 1966 Bollywood film produced by Jagdish Varma and directed by Manmohan Desai. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Sadhana (actress) and Manorama. The film's music was by Shankar Jaikishan.
 It Was a Wonderful Life is a 1993 documentary film about homeless women in the United States. It won the Gold Award at the WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival. It was also nominated for an award by the International Documentary Association and for Best Documentary at the Hawaii International Film Festival. The film follows six homeless women who were once part of the middle class and explores what caused them to become homeless.
 Menschen im Käfig is a 1930 British drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Conrad Veidt Fritz Kortner and Tala Birell. It was the German-language version of the 1930 British International Pictures film Cape Forlorn. A French-language version Le cap perdu was also produced. It was based on a story by Frank Harvey.
 The Humbling is an upcoming erotic drama film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Buck Henry and Michal Zebede based on the 2009 novel The Humbling written by Philip Roth. The film stars Al Pacino Greta Gerwig Dianne Wiest Charles Grodin and Mandy Patinkin.
 The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse is a feature film spin-off of the popular British television comedy series The League of Gentlemen. Starring Mark Gatiss Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith the film was written by the cast with Jeremy Dyson and directed by Steve Bendelack.
 Together Brothers is a 1974 film directed by William A. Graham. It stars Ahmad Nurradin and Anthony Wilson.
 Free Style is a 2008 coming-of-age film about an 18-year old young man (Corbin Bleu) who is devoted to his family and finds love and himself in his quest to win the Amateur National Motocross Championship. Free Style is directed by William Dear (Angels in the Outfield Harry and the Hendersons).
 Alexander The Last is a 2009 American drama film directed by Joe Swanberg. The film is a drama about a married actress and her sister.
 No My Darling Daughter is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas and featuring Michael Redgrave Michael Craig Roger Livesey James Westmoreland and Juliet Mills. It was based on the play Handful of Tansy by Kay Bannerman and Harold Brooke.
 Mitasareta seikatsu (Japanese: 充たされた生活) is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Susumu Hani. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Undocumented is a 2010 independent suspense thriller directed by Chris Peckover and written by Chris Peckover and Joe Peterson. It stars Scott Mechlowicz Alona Tal Yancey Arias Kevin Weisman and Peter Stormare.
 Le Militaire (The Military Man) is a 2013 Canadian drama film starring Laurent Lucas written and directed by Noël Mitrani.
 Mussorgsky (Russian: Мусоргский translit. Musorgskiy) is a 1950 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Roshal about the emergence of Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Cell 2 is a 2009 direct-to-video Sequel from the 2000 film The Cell.
 Flashbacks of a Fool is a 2008 British drama film about a Hollywood actor who following the death of his childhood best friend reflects upon his life and what might have been had he stayed in England. The film was directed by Baillie Walsh and stars Daniel Craig Harry Eden Claire Forlani Felicity Jones Emilia Fox Eve Jodhi May Helen McCrory and Miriam Karlin.
 Kaivo (The Well) is a 1992 Finnish drama film directed by Pekka Lehto. It was entered into the competition at the 49th Venice International Film Festival. As of 2010 Kaivo is the all-time twelfth most expensive Finnish film.
 De México llegó el amor (English: From Mexico came the love) is a 1940 Argentine black-and-white film directed by Richard Harlan and written by Ariel Cortazzo and Conrado de Keller. It premiered on July 16 1940.
 Mystery Mansion is a 1983 family movie that stars Dal McKennon Greg Wynne and Randi Brown. The movie is rated PG in the USA.
 The Stronger Mind is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Artifacts is a 2007 horror film by Belgian directors Giles Dadust and Emmanuel Jespers. It was released in the United States by Lionsgate films.
 Magane Magane is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by K.N.Lakmanan starring Srikanth and Soukar janaki in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilayaraja and was released on 1982.
 Sukumar Ray is a 1987 Bengali short documentary film made by Satyajit Ray on his father Sukumar Ray. It was released during the birth centenary year of Sukumar Ray who was born on October 30 1887. The thirty minutes documentary features the life and some of the works by Sukumar Ray in the form of paintings photographs and readings. This is the last documentary made by Satyajit Ray as a tribute to his father before he died in 1992.
 The Conspirator is a 2010 historical drama film directed by Robert Redford based on an original screenplay by James D. Solomon. It is the debut film of the American Film Company. The film tells the story of Mary Surratt the only female conspirator charged in the Abraham Lincoln assassination and the first woman to be executed by the United States federal government.
 Jeder stibt für sich allein (1970) is a German television miniseries produced by DEFA in the former German Democratic Republic. The story was adapted from the Hans Fallada novel Every Man Dies Alone known in the UK as Alone in Berlin. It was directed by Hans-Joachim Kasprzik and starred Erwin Geschonneck.
 Here Comes the Bride is a lost 1919 silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. This film is based on the 1917 Broadway play Here Comes the Bride by Max Marcin and Roy Atwell. The play starred Otto Kruger. This film was directed by John S. Robertson and stars John Barrymore in the Kruger role.
 The Death Kiss (1932) is a mystery film starring David Manners as a crusading studio writer Adrienne Ames as an actress Bela Lugosi as a studio manager and Edward Van Sloan as a film director. The comedy thriller features three leading players from the previous year's Dracula (Lugosi Manners and Van Sloan) and was the first film directed by Edwin L. Marin. The movie was produced by KBS Productions at Tiffany Pictures and released by Sono Art-World Wide Pictures.
 Holy Ghost People is a 1967 documentary directed and narrated by Peter Adair. It is about the service of a Pentecostal community in Scrabble Creek West Virginia United States. The church service includes faith healing snake handling speaking in tongues and singing. This documentary has entered the public domain and is available at the Internet Archive.
 The Hawk Is Dying is a 2006 film based on the book by Harry Crews. It was accepted to the 2006 Director's Fortnight Competition at the Cannes Film Festival. It premiered at Cinema Village in New York City on March 30 2007.
 Pearl and Savages is a 1921 documentary from filmmaker Frank Hurley about the people of Papua New Guinea and Torres Strait.
 Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the Die Hard film series. It was produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed Die Hard) written by Jonathan Hensleigh and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver and Jeremy Irons as Simon Peter Gruber.
 The White Diamond is a 2004 documentary film by Werner Herzog. It illustrates the history of aviation and depicts the struggles and triumphs of Graham Dorrington an aeronautical engineer who has designed and built a teardrop-shaped airship which he plans to fly over the forest canopies of Guyana. It features music composed by Ernst Reijseger which was re-used in Herzog's 2005 film The Wild Blue Yonder.Most of the film focuses on Dorrington's flights near Kaieteur Falls in Guyana.
 Parts Per Billion is an upcoming film scheduled for release in 2014. The film tells the story of three couples dealing with a reality-shaking event that threatens to tear them apart. The film is based on a screenplay by Brian Horiouchi who also serves as the director.
 The Wolf Hunters is a 1949 American western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Kirby Grant Jan Clayton and Edward Norris. It was based on the novel of the same title by James Oliver Curwood which had previously been adapted in 1926 as The Wolf Hunters and in 1934 as The Trail Beyond. The film was the second in a series of ten films featuring Kirby Grant as a Canadian Mountie.
 Luz en el páramo is a 1953 Venezuelan film directed by Víctor Urruchúa. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Piranha is a 1972 thriller film.
 Bog is a horror movie about an aquatic creature. The film was shot in 1978 around Harshaw Wisconsin.
 Sun-Up is a 1925 drama film directed by Edmund Goulding based upon a successful 1924 play by Lula Vollmer. The film stars Lucille La Verne replaying her successful New York stage role Pauline Starke and Conrad Nagel.
 Rabun is a 2003 Malaysian drama film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It tells a story about a free-spirited older couple Pak Atan and Mak Inom who decide to spend more time in the country after getting tired of city life. But they find that life in the old village isn't a good thing when they get cheated by a distant relative Yem out of some money. They cut him off and Yem plots revenge. Meanwhile in the city the couple's daughter Orked is being wooed by a young gentleman Yasin.
 Aalayamani (English title: Temple bell) is a Tamil film from the house of P.S. Veerappa released in 1962 starring Sivaji Ganesan B. Sarojadevi S.S.Rajendran M.R. Radha. The film was remade in Telugu as Gudi Gantalu (1964) and in Hindi as Aadmi (1968).
 Caro Gorbaciov (internationally released as Dear Gorbachev) is a 1988 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani.It entered the main competition at the 45th Venice International Film Festival in which it won the President of the Italian Senate's Gold Medal.
 Bangles (Malayalam: ബംഗ്ലെസ്) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam-language thriller film written and directed by debutant Dr. Suvid Wilson who also composed the songs starring Ajmal Ameer Poonam Kaur Archana Kavi and Aparna Bajpai.The film is produced by Dipti Biju Unni under the banner of Citadel Cinema's whilst cinematography is handled by Dileep Raman and is edited by Don Max.The film is about a story of a murderer who leaves a few pieces of bangles at the crime spot.
 The Men's Club is a 1986 drama film directed by Peter Medak based on the novel of the same name by Leonard Michaels. It stars Roy Scheider Harvey Keitel Frank Langella Treat Williams David Dukes and Richard Jordan. It is famed for Keitel's assertive denial of masturbation.
 Rider on the Rain (French: Le Passager de la pluie) is a 1970 French mystery thriller film starring Charles Bronson directed by René Clément produced by Serge Silberman with film music composed by Francis Lai.
 The Birds II: Land's End is the 1994 television movie sequel to Alfred Hitchcock's 1963 classic The Birds. It stars Brad Johnson Chelsea Field James Naughton and Tippi Hedren in a role different from the one she played in the original Hitchcock film. The original music score was composed by Ron Ramin.The plot of the sequel is very similar to the original.
 Desi Kattey is an upcoming 2014 Indian action-drama film directed and produced by Anand Kumar under the banner of Anand Kumar Productions. The story and screenplay is written by Aaryaan Saxena .It features veteran actor Suniel Shetty in the lead role. Music of the film has been composed by Kailash Kher.
 Probably Love (Italian: L'amore probabilmente) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci. It entered the Cinema of the Present section at the 58th Venice International Film Festival. Variety's film critic Deborah Young referred to it as the most experimental fictional films to come out of Italy in many a moon. For his performance in this film Fabrizio Gifuni was appointed EFP Shooting Star at the 52nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dhaam Dhoom (Tamil: தாம் தூம் Tām Tūm ?) is a 2008 Tamil romantic thriller film based on the 1997 American drama Red Corner. Directed and co-written by Jeeva shortly before his death and produced by Sunanda Murali Manohar its stars Jayam Ravi Kangna Ranaut and Lakshmi Rai in the lead roles.
 Salomé is a 2002 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura. The film is told from the perspective of a flamenco dance company that will mount a show devoted to the mythical and biblical figure of Salomé as a story of love and vengeance. The movie is both about the performance and the preparation for it.
 Aakrosh (English: Cry of the Wounded) is a 1980 Hindi arthouse film directed by auteur Govind Nihalani and written by renowned Marathi playwright Vijay Tendulkar.The film starred Naseeruddin Shah Om Puri and Amrish Puri in lead roles and went to win 1980 National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi and several Filmfare Awards.It won the 'Golden Peacock' for the Best Film at the International Film Festival of India.This was the debut film of Nihalani who went on to be known for his dark and frighteningly real depictions of human angst in other landmark alternative movies such as Ardh Satya and Tamas.It is in the list of 60 films that shaped the Indian film industry spanning six decades.
 Book of Swords is a 2002 (the date of release it was actually filmed in 1996 in Chicago) low-budget martial arts film.The film featured four actors from the 1992 video game Mortal Kombat II: Ho Sung Pak as Lang (the role being a nod to and a play on words for his MKII character Liu Kang) Richard Divizio (a nod to Kano) Daniel Pesina (a nod to Johnny Cage) and Katalin Zamiar (a nod to Mileena). It also starred Taimak and Shaun Gayle.
 Jatt & Juliet 2 is a 2013 Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh. The film is a sequel to the 2012 blockbuster Jatt & Juliet however not directly or story-wise. Actors Diljit Dosanjh and Neeru Bajwa reprise their roles from the previous film in the sequel amongst other characters. The film released on 28 June 2013 almost a year after the release of the prequel and received a positive response at the box office.
 Barenaked in America is a 1999 documentary film about the Canadian band Barenaked Ladies filmed during the 1998-1999 Stunt tour. Directed by actor Jason Priestley the film was first shown at the Toronto International Film Festival. The band and director introduced the film at the Winter Garden theatre. Barenaked in America was originally released in the United States through a distribution deal with Blockbuster Video and was available only for rental in VHS format.
 L'insegnante va in collegio (internationally released as The Schoolteacher Goes to Boys' High and The School Teacher in College) is a 1977 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti. The film is the second in the Schoolteacher film series.
 Exorcist: The Beginning is a 2004 prequel to the 1973 film The Exorcist. It is the fourth installment of The Exorcist series. It was adapted by William Wisher Jr. Caleb Carr and Alexi Hawley and was directed by Renny Harlin.
 Marie Antoinette Queen of France (French: Marie-Antoinette reine de France and also known as Shadow of the Guillotine) is a French language motion picture historical drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Pierre Erlanger and Bernard Zimmer. The film stars Michèle Morgan and Richard Todd. It was nominated for the Golden Palm (Jean Delannoy) at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Space Ship Sappy is the 178th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Baxter is a 2005 film written by directed by and starring American comedian Michael Showalter.
 An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 Academy Award winning documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim about former United States Vice President Al Gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that by his own estimate made in the film he has given more than a thousand times.Premiering at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and opening in New York City and Los Angeles on May 24 2006 the documentary was a critical and box-office success winning 2 Academy Awards for Best Documentary Feature and Best Original Song. 
 Won by a Neck is a 1930 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Rope is a 1948 American crime thriller film based on the play Rope (1929) by Patrick Hamilton and adapted by Hume Cronyn (treatment) and Arthur Laurents directed by Alfred Hitchcock and produced by Sidney Bernstein and Hitchcock as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions.
 Our Forbidden Places (original French title:Nos lieux interdits) is a 2008 documentary film.
 A Dangerous Summer is a 1982 Australian crime film drama film directed by Quentin Masters and starring Tom Skerritt Ian Gilmour Guy Doleman and James Mason.
 Hajimari no Michi (はじまりのみち) is a Japanese biographical film directed by Keiichi Hara about Japanese filmmaker Keisuke Kinoshita.
 The File on Thelma Jordon is a 1950 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Ketti Frings. It stars Barbara Stanwyck and Wendell Corey.
 Travel Chronicles of Yaji and Kita (弥次喜多道中記 Yaji-Kita Dōchū-ki) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
 A Woman of the World (1925) is a silent drama comedy film starring Pola Negri directed by Mal St. Clair produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The Law They Forgot (Spanish: La ley que olvidaron) is a 1938 Argentine musical film drama directed by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 A Canção de Lisboa (lit.
 Ariyaatha Veethikal is a 1984 Malayalam film. The film was directed by K.S. Sethumadhavan. It features Madhu Mohanlal Ramachandran and Mammootty. The screenplay was written by John Paul. The soundtrack of this film was composed by M.S. Viswanathan to lyrics penned by lyricist P. Bhaskaran & Poovachal Khader.
 Black Cobra (Cobra nero in Italy) is an Italian Blaxploitation series of four action films. All of its films are centered on Robert 'Bob' Malone (Fred Williamson) a maverick police detective who deals out his own brand of justice.
 Travelling People (German:Fahrendes Volk) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Jacques Feyder and starring Hans Albers Françoise Rosay and Camilla Horn. It is a circus film. It premiered in Hamburg on 1 July 1938. A Separate French-language version People Who Travel (Les gens du voyage) was also released. While it was also directed by Feyder and starred Rosay the rest of the cast were different.
 Singa Laoet (Perfected Spelling: Singa Laut; Indonesian for The Sea Lion or The Merlion) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (today Indonesia). Directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun it starred Tan Tjen Bok Mohamad Mochtar and Hadidjah.
 Deadroom is an award-winning film from 2005 codirected by James M. Johnston David Lowery Nick Prendergast and Yen Tan. Film is divided into 4 sub-plots with each plot taken by a director.
 Allez Oop is a 1934 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton.
 D-Train is an upcoming American comedy film directed and written by Andrew Mogel and Jarrad Paul. The film stars Jack Black and James Marsden.
 Adieu Philippine (French pronunciation: ​[a.djø fɪlɪpin] Farewell Philippine) is a 1962 French film directed by Jacques Rozier. Although obscure and difficult to screen it has been praised as one of the key films of the French New Wave. It premiered at the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Love Stories (Polish: Historie miłosne) is a 1997 Polish film about four men with unresolved romances. Jerzy Stuhr plays all four characters and wrote and directed the film.The film is dedicated to Krzysztof Kieślowski who gave Stuhr important roles in his films.
 Asylum is a 2005 Anglo-Irish drama film directed by David Mackenzie and made by Mace Neufeld Productions Samson Films Seven Arts Productions Zephyr Films Ltd and released by Paramount Classics. It is based on the novel Asylum by Patrick McGrath and was adapted for the screen by Patrick Marber and Chrysanthy Balis.It stars Natasha Richardson Marton Csokas Ian McKellen and Hugh Bonneville with a cast also including Sean Harris Joss Ackland Wanda Ventham Maria Aitken and Judy Parfitt.
 Raspberry Magic is an American independent drama film about a young girl Monica Shah and her belief that she can save her parents' marriage by winning the science fair. Her science project uses touch therapy to grow raspberries in a forest. She explores whether it is nature or nurture that can make them grow. Directed by Leena Pendharkar produced by Megha Kadakia the movie premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival and the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival in 2010.
 Back-Room Boy is a 1942 British comedy film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Arthur Askey Googie Withers Graham Moffatt and Moore Marriott. A man from the Met Office is sent to a lighthouse on a remote Scottish island to monitor the weather. He hopes to escape from women but soon finds the island overrun by them.
 The Pardon is a 2013 drama film directed by Tom Anton. Filmed in Shreveport Louisiana it stars Jaime King as Toni Jo Henry a woman who overcomes a tragic beginning but was executed for murder and John Hawkes as Arkie Burke Henry's partner in the crime. The picture is based on an actual case tried in Louisiana in the 1940s as detailed in the 2005 book Stone Justice published by Sarah Hudson-Pierce's Ritz Publications of Shreveport.
 Parents is a 1989 American black comedy horror film directed by Bob Balaban and written by Christopher Hawthorne. It stars Randy Quaid Mary Beth Hurt Sandy Dennis and Bryan Madorsky.
 Authors Anonymous is a 2014 comedy indie film directed and produced by Ellie Kanner. It stars Kaley Cuoco Chris Klein Tricia Helfer Jonathan Banks Jonathan Bennett Teri Polo and Dennis Farina. It was distributed by Screen Media Films and Starz Digital with a VOD release date of March 18 2014 before its theater release on April 18 2014.
 La Bidonata also known as The Rip-off is a once lost 1977 Italian comedy/crime film. This was the final film directed by giallo specialist Luciano Ercoli.
 Nowhere is a 1997 American black comedy drama film written and directed by Gregg Araki. It stars James Duval and Rachel True as Dark and Mel a bisexual teen couple who are both sexually promiscuous.The film is part of a series of three films by Araki nicknamed the Teenage Apocalypse Trilogy.[citation needed] The other films in that trilogy are Totally Fucked Up (1993) and The Doom Generation (1995) with Nowhere being the third and last.
 Return to Life (French: Retour à la vie) is a 1949 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin André Cayatte Henri-Georges Clouzot and Jean Dréville. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Romance is a 2013 Telugu Adult Comedy film directed by Darling Swamy and produced by G. Srinivasa Rao and SKN Srinivas on Good Cinemas Group which produced Ee Rojullo in the past. The film stars Prince Dimple Chopade Manasa in the lead roles and Saikumar P Bhargavi and others in vital roles. Apart from direction Darling Swamy handled the Story Screenplay and Dialogues while S. B. Uddhav and J. Prabhakar Reddy handled the editing and cinematography respectively.
 Adventures of Gallant Bess is a 1948 American contemporary Western film directed by Lew Landers and filmed in Cinecolor. It has no relation to producer Matthew Rapf's father Harry Rapf's film Gallant Bess.
 Swapnakoodu (English: Dream House) is a 2003 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Kamal. It stars Kunchako Boban Prithviraj Jayasurya Meera Jasmine and Bhavana in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Mohan Sithara. The film was commercially successful and the songs in the film were shot in Austria.
 Pickup on South Street (1953) is a Cold War spy film noir written and directed by Samuel Fuller and released by the 20th Century Fox studio. The film stars Richard Widmark Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter. This movie was screened at Venice Film Festival in 1953.
 They All Laughed is a 1981 film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Audrey Hepburn Ben Gazzara John Ritter Colleen Camp Patti Hansen and Dorothy Stratten. The movie was based on a screenplay by Bogdanovich and Blaine Novak. It takes its name from the George and Ira Gershwin song They All Laughed.
 The Woman from Warren's is a 1915 short drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 F. est un salaud (English title F. Is a Bastard or Fögi Is a Bastard released in German as De Fögi isch en Souhund) is a 1998 French/Swiss film based upon the novel of the same name by Martin Frank. It was filmed in Zürich Switzerland. The setting is the early 1970s Zurich. The film was shown in 1999 at the Locarno Film Festival the Toronto International Film Festival and the 1998 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Nartanasala (Telugu: నర్తనశాల English:dance floor) was a 1963 Indian mythological Telugu film written by Samudrala Raghavacharya and directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. It was produced by Rajyam Pictures in Black and White. The film was a blockbuster and has won the National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film in 1963 at the 11th National Film Awards.The film has won the best art direction award at the Afro Asian film festival in Jakarta.
 The Soul of Buddha was a 1918 American silent romance film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara who also wrote the film's story. The film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and was shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 La Collectionneuse (The Collector) is a 1967 film by Éric Rohmer. It is the fourth movie (third in order of release) in the series of the Six Moral Tales. In 2001 the Guardian critic Philip Norman included it his list of 100 top movies of the 20th century. In his 2003 film The Five Obstructions Danish director Jørgen Leth describes La Collectionneuse as his favourite work by Rohmer and he hired one of its stars Patrick Bauchau to appear in The Five Obstructions.
 A Thin Life is a 1996 Australian film starring Tommy Dysart.The movie was shot on 16mm.
 Voyage to the Beginning of the World (Portuguese: Viagem ao Princípio do Mundo French: Voyage au début du monde) is a 1997 Portuguese-French drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira and starring Marcello Mastroianni. It was Mastroianni's final film.
 The Sin of Harold Diddlebock is a 1947 comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges starring the silent film comic icon Harold Lloyd and featuring Jimmy Conlin Raymond Walburn Rudy Vallee Arline Judge Edgar Kennedy Franklin Pangborn and Lionel Stander.
 The Perfect Woman is a comedy 1949 British film directed by Bernard Knowles and written by George Black Jr and J. B. Boothroyd based upon a play by Wallace Geoffrey and Basil Mitchell. A scientist (Miles Malleson) creates what he considers the perfect woman (Pamela Devis) in his lab. His niece played by Patricia Roc decides to amuse herself by pretending to be this artificial woman. The plot follows a man who takes a job escorting the woman for a night on the town.
 Una chica casi decente is a 1971 Spanish comedy film directed by Germán Lorente and starring Rocío Jurado.
 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery is a 1997 American action comedy film and the first installment of the Austin Powers series. It was directed by Jay Roach and written by Mike Myers who also starred as both Austin Powers and the antagonist Dr. Evil. Powers' arch-enemy. The film co-stars Elizabeth Hurley Robert Wagner Seth Green and Michael York.
 The Iroha Elegy (いろは囃子 Iroha Bayashi) is a 1955 Japanese film directed by Bin Kato.
 The Night of the Scarecrow (Portuguese: A Noite do Espantalho) is a 1974 Brazilian drama film directed by Sérgio Ricardo. It was selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Lou is a 2010 Australian film starring John Hurt. It was shot on location in northern New South Wales.
 Hidden Track (尋找周杰倫) is a film based in Hong Kong with a mixture of Mandarin and Cantonese speakers.
 For the 1914 film of the same name see Hinemoa.Hinemoa was a silent film made in New Zealand by Gaston Méliès in 1913. It is probably the first feature film produced in New Zealand although it is doubtful that it was ever screened in the country.
 Cub Tiger From Kwang Tung (simplified Chinese: 广东小老虎; traditional Chinese: 廣東小老虎; pinyin: Guǎngdōng xiǎo lǎohǔ) is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chu Mu and starring Jackie Chan. Chan was 17 when the film was made in 1971 and it is considered to be his first starring role.
 Naalaaga Endaro (Telugu: నాలాగ ఎందరో) is 1978 Telugu film directed by Eeranki Sharma.
 Rock'n'Roll Wolf (Romanian: Mama Russian: Мама) is a musical film from 1976 and is a Romanian-Soviet-French co-production.The storyline is loosely based on the famous plot about the Goat and her kids published as The Wolf and the Seven Young Kids in Grimm's Fairy Tales and known to Romanian audience as Ion Creangă's Capra cu trei iezi (The Goat and her three kids) and to Russian audience as a folk tale Волк и семеро козлят (The Wolf and the Seven Kids).
 Our Nixon is an all-archival documentary providing a view of the Nixon presidency through the use of home movies filmed by top Nixon aides combined with other historical material.
 The Zoo Gang is a 1985 American teen film.
 Shipwrecked (Norwegian: Haakon Haakonsen) is a 1990 family action-adventure film. The film is a dramatization of Norwegian author Oluf Falck-Ytter's book Haakon Haakonsen: En Norsk Robinson (Haakon Haakonsen: A Norwegian Robinson). In Norway it was titled Haakon Haakonsen. The movie was produced by a consortium of Scandinavian companies and released in the U.S. in an English-language version by Walt Disney Pictures.
 The Loneliest Runner is an autobiographical made-for-television film written and directed by Bonanza star Michael Landon. It first aired on December 20 1976 on NBC and starred Lance Kerwin Brian Keith DeAnn Mears and Landon's Little House on the Prairie daughter Melissa Sue Anderson. The film was nominated for two Emmys.
 James Batman is a 1966 Filipino Batman/James Bond cinematic spoof produced by Jose O. Vera and released by Sampaguita Pictures.It stars the Philippine comedian Dolphy as Batman and James Bond and Boy Alano as Rubin.
 Something New is a 2006 American romantic drama film directed by Sanaa Hamri. The screenplay by Kriss Turner focuses on interracial relationships and traditional African American family values and social customs.
 Jo Hum Chahein (Hindi: जो हम चाहें; What We Want) is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Pawan Gill starring Sunny Gill Simran Mundi Alyy Khan and Achint Kaur. It was a debut film for both the lead actors and the director. The film was released on 16 December 2011 to a mixed response. The official DVD of the film was released on 18 January 2012.
 Gothika is a 2003 supernatural horror film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and written by Sebastian Gutierrez. Halle Berry plays a psychiatrist in a women's mental hospital who wakes up one day to find herself on the other side of the bars accused of having murdered her husband.The film was first released on November 21 2003 in the United States. At the time of its release Gothika was the most successful film from Dark Castle Entertainment with $141.6 million.
 Slither is a 2006 science fiction-horror-comedy film written and directed by James Gunn and starring Nathan Fillion Elizabeth Banks and Michael Rooker. The film was produced by Paul Brooks and Eric Newman. Slither is James Gunn's directorial debut.
 Deadly Betrayal is a 2003 television movie film starring Nicollette Sheridan Andrew Jackson Robert Seeliger and Amanda Tilson. It was directed by Jason Hreno and written by Howard Friedlander and Ken Peragine.
 Suvarilladha Chiththirangal is a 1979 Tamil drama film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj who made his directorial debut with this film. Sudhakar and Sumathi played the lead roles. The film was remade by V. Madhusudhan Rao in Telugu as Pedala Brathukulu with Sudhakar and Sumathi reprising their roles.The Story revolves around a poor girl living with widowed mother and siblings. Poverty and the family situation gets her mother to prostitute herself for the welfare of the family.
 Hoodrush is a 2012 Nigerian Musical thriller film written produced and directed by Dimeji Ajibola. It stars OC Ukeje Bimbo Akintola and Gabriel Afolayan. It received two nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards Gabriel Afolayan eventually won the award for the category Best Actor In A Supporting Role.The film tells a story of the challenges encountered by two brothers who strife to partake in musical talent shows.
 Raaj is a 2011 Telugu film directed by V. N. Aditya and produced under the banner of Kumar Brothers Cinema. Sumanth Priyamani and Vimala Raman played the lead roles. Koti is the music composer for this film. It released in late February 2011 and failed at the box office. It was later dubbed into Tamil and Malayalam under the title Maharani - The Beauty Queen. RKD Studios have bought the sole and exclusive rights of the film in Hindi & all other Northern Indian languages.
 America's Heart and Soul is a 2004 film produced by Blacklight Films and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is a documentary and was directed by Louis Schwartzberg. The film was nominated for two MovieGuide Awards winning one.It was released on July 12 2004 and grossed $314402.
 Evidence (announced as Puthumazhatthullikal) is an unreleased 1988 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by actor Raghavan starring Shankar in lead role.
 The Fatal Hour is a 1940 American thriller/ crime drama film. It was directed by William Nigh and starred Boris Karloff as Mr. Wong Grant Withers and Marjorie Reynolds.The film is also known as Mr. Wong at Headquarters in the United Kingdom. It was followed by the sequel Doomed to Die.
 The Very Edge is a 1962 British drama film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Anne Heywood Richard Todd Jack Hedley Jeremy Brett and Maurice Denham. A young woman is assaulted and stalked by a maniac.
 Deflation (2001) is a micro-budget short film written and directed by Roger Ashton-Griffiths. It stars Del Synnott features Keira Knightley who also worked as part of the crew and Sharman Macdonald her mother who co-edited
 Stolen Kisses (French: Baisers volés) is a 1968 French romantic comedy-drama film directed by François Truffaut. It continues the story of the character Antoine Doinel whom Truffaut had previously depicted in The 400 Blows and the short film Antoine and Colette.
 The Brothers Karamazov (Russian: Братья Карамазовы translit. Bratya Karamazovy) is a 1969 Soviet film directed by Kirill Lavrov Ivan Pyryev and Mikhail Ulyanov. It is based on the eponymous novel by the famous Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It was also entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival winning Pyryev a Special Prize.
 Nauker (Hindi: नौकर Urdu: نوکر) released in 1979 was directed by Ismail Memon. The movie is perhaps best remembered for Jaya Bhaduri's performance as the servant Geeta. This role earned her third Filmfare Best Actress Award.
 No se mande profe (Do Not Send Prof) is a 1967 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Ladro lui ladra lei is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Alberto Sordi.
 Le gendarme de Saint-Tropez (The Policeman from Saint-Tropez) is a 1964 French comedy film with Louis de Funès. The film mostly takes place in Saint-Tropez a fashionable resort on the French Riviera. Louis de Funès plays Ludovic Cruchot the sergeant of gendarmerie of Saint-Tropez. It is the first film in The gendarme series and has spawned five sequels.
 'Mawaali' is a 1983 Bollywood film directed by K. Bapaiah. This film was the remake of Telugu film Chuttalunnaru Jagartha (1980). The movie was also remade into Tamil as Pokkiri Raja (1982). Jeetendra stars in a double role and played with Sridevi and Jaya Pradha.
 Bharathchandran I.P.S is a 2005 action-thriller Malayalam movie directed by Ranji Panicker starring Suresh Gopi Saikumar Rajan P. Dev Mamukkoya Shreya Reddy Lalu Alex etc.
 The Spreading Ground is a 2000 Canadian crime film directed by Derek Vanlint. It was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Deep Blues: A Musical Pilgrimage to the Crossroads is a documentary film released in 1992 and made by David A. Stewart in conjunction with his brother John J. Stewart in collaboration with music critic and author Robert Palmer and documentary film maker Robert Mugge. The film provided insight into the location cast and characteristics of Delta blues and North Mississippi hill country blues. The documentary locations were set in Memphis Tennessee and various North Mississippi counties.
 One Night Stand is a 1984 film directed by John Duigan.
 Na Ghar Ke Na Ghaat Ke is a 2010 Hindi comedy film directed by and starring Rahul Aggarwal as a Uttar Pradesh migrant to Mumbai. The film was released on 12 March 2010.
 The Secret of the Submarine is a 1915 American adventure film serial directed by George L. Sargent. All of the chapters of the film are considered to be lost.
 The Pleasure of His Company (1961) is a comedy film starring Fred Astaire and Debbie Reynolds directed by George Seaton and released by Paramount Pictures. It is based on the 1958 play of the same name by Samuel A. Taylor and Cornelia Otis Skinner.Astaire won a Golden Globe award for his performance.
 The Mark of Cain is a British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award-winning British television film first broadcast in 2007 following three young men as they experience the extremity of war for the first time and the permanent effects of what they have seen and done as they return from their tour of duty.
 The Brothers (aka Cha ren da lao bo ming zai in Mandarin and Cha yan daai liu bok meng chai in Cantonese) is a 1979 Hong Kong film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. Starring Tony Liu Guk Fung Danny Lee Sau-Yin Chau Li Chuan. Directed by Hua Shan.
 Keechaka Vadham (English: The Slaying of Keechaka) alternatively spelt as Keechaka Vatham was a 1918 Tamil silent film produced and directed by R. Nataraja Mudaliar. The film was based on a short story from Mahabharata an Indian epic. It was the first silent film made in South India. The film was shot in five weeks in 1917 and released the following year. Despite being a silent film the cast was filled with Tamil people hence it was considered the first Tamil film.
 Family Viewing is a 1987 Canadian drama film.
 Ragazzi fuori (Boys on the Outside) is an Italian language dramatic film directed by Marco Risi in the neo-neorealistic style and written by Aurelio Grimaldi. Released in 1990 it is the sequel to the 1989 film Mery per sempre. It stars Francesco Benigno Alessandro Di Sanzo and Salvatore Termini.
 The Mountain of the Lord is a 72-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It depicts the story of the building of the Salt Lake Temple in a fictional encounter between a reporter and Wilford Woodruff and was produced for the centennial of its dedication shown during the April 1993 General Conference.
 The Rapture is a 1991 drama film written and directed by Michael Tolkin. It stars Mimi Rogers as a woman who converts from a swinger to a born-again Christian after learning that a true Rapture is upon the world.
 The Romance of Tarzan (1918) is a silent black and white action adventure film directed by Wilfred Lucas starring Elmo Lincoln Enid Markey Thomas Jefferson and Cleo Madison. The movie was the second Tarzan movie ever made and is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' original novel Tarzan of the Apes. It adapts only the second part of the novel the earlier portion having been the basis for the preceding film Tarzan of the Apes.
 Not to be confused with Kaadu (1952 film)Kaadu (Kannada: ಕಾಡು English: Forest) is a 1973 Kannada language black-and-white film directed by Girish Karnad and starring Master G. S. Nataraj Amrish Puri and Nandini Bhaktavatsala in the lead roles. The film three awards at the 21st National Film Awards.
 Young Jewish and Left is an American documentary that presents several US-based leftist Jews grappling with identity politics and culture.
 Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Resnick and co-produced by Tim Burton which starred comedian Chris Elliott. Elliott co-wrote the film with Resnick. Both men worked for Late Night with David Letterman in the 1980s as well as co-creating the short-lived FOX sitcom Get a Life in the early 1990s.The project was originally to be directed by Tim Burton who had contacted Chris Elliott after seeing Get a Life. Resnick took over after Burton was offered the film Ed Wood.
 I Killed My Mother (French: J'ai tué ma mère) is a 2009 Quebec biographical drama film written and directed by Xavier Dolan. It is an exposé on the complexity of the mother and son bond. The film attracted international press attention when it won three awards from the Director's Fortnight program at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. After being shown the film received an eight-minute standing ovation.It was shown in 12 cinemas in Quebec and 60 in France.
 Tarzan and the Great River (1967) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his second of three film appearances as Tarzan. This movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Steve Shagan written by Bob Barbash (from a story by Barbash and Lewis Reed) and directed by Robert Day. It was released in September 1967.
 Easy Riches is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring George Carney Gus McNaughton Marjorie Taylor and Tom Helmore.
 Danny Boy is a 1934 British musical film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Frank Forbes-Robinson Dorothy Dickson Archie Pitt and Ronnie Hepworth. Mitchell made another film also title Danny Boy in 1941.
 The Wind in the Willows is a 1983 British stop motion animated film produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television and aired on the ITV network. The movie is based on Kenneth Grahame's classic story The Wind in the Willows. It won a BAFTA award and an international Emmy award. Subsequently the studio made a 52 episode series The Wind in the Willows based on characters from the Wind in the Willows between 1984 and 1990.
 Aakhri Ghulam is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shibbu Mitra starring Mithun Chakraborty Raj Babbar Sonam Shreedhara Shakti Kapoor Moushmi Chatterjee Anupam Kher and Anu Kapoor.
 The Mirror Crack'd is a 1980 British mystery film based on Agatha Christie's Miss Marple novel The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side (1962). It was directed by Guy Hamilton and featured Angela Lansbury Kim Novak Elizabeth Taylor Geraldine Chaplin Tony Curtis Edward Fox and Rock Hudson.This crime/mystery was adapted by Jonathan Hales and Barry Sandler. Scenes were filmed at Twickenham Film Studios Twickenham London UK and on location in Kent.
 Photographic Memory is a 2011 documentary film by independent filmmaker Ross McElwee about a voyage back to the roots of his involvement with the camera.Photographic Memory premiered at the 2011 Venice Film Festival.
 Boris: The Film (Italian: Boris - Il film) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Giacomo Ciarrapico Mattia Torre and Luca Vendruscolo.
 Gladiatress is a 2004 British comedy film starring Sally Phillips Fiona Allen and Doon Mackichan. It is partly a spoof of 2000's Gladiator.
 Banyu Biru is a 2005 Indonesian film. Panned by the critics in Indonesia on release the surreal theme of this roadtrip movie of self-discovery performed moderately well in cinemas but fared much better on its DVD release probably owing to the bankability of its main star Tora Sudiro. It also received positive reviews in specialist press and online film sites internationally. The film is notable for featuring music tracks by superstar Indonesian rockers Slank.
 Zombie Beach is the third film from Canadian based Asopa Films Incorporation Twinkle Productions and Asopa Films International after Aisha and Rahul and The Taste of Relation.
 The Pink Mirror the Indian release title Gulabi Aaina is an award-winning Indian film drama produced and directed by Sridhar Rangayan. Said to be the first Indian film to comprehensively focus on Indian transsexuals with the entire story revolving around two transsexuals and a gay teenager's attempts to seduce a man - Samir (Rufy Baqal). The film explores the taboo subject of transsexuals in India which is still much misundersood and ridiculed.
 A Barrel Full of Dollars also known as Coffin Full of Dollars (Italian: Per una bara piena di dollari) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Jack Betts.
 Pyaar Ka Saaya (English: The Shadow of love) is a 1991 Bollywood Drama/Thriller film directed by B.Subhash and starring Rahul Roy and Sheeba. It is a remake of the hit 1990 Hollywood film Ghost.
 Spasms is a 1983 Canadian horror film directed by William Fruet.
 Love on the Run (French: L'amour en fuite) is a 1979 French film directed by François Truffaut. It is Truffaut's fifth and final film about the character Antoine Doinel. A lot of the film is made of a clip show of the previous films in the series. It was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Scanner Cop is a 1994 Canadian film. It is the fourth film in the Scanners series and the first film in the Scanner Cop series. It was written produced and directed by Pierre David.
 Patayin Sa Sindak Si Barbara is a 1974 film starring Susan Roces.It became the 1970s Blockbuster Horror-Suspense Film in 1974 with Susan Roces as the Main Title and in 1995 was remade as a 1990s film starring Lorna Tolentino as Barbara directed by Chito S. Roño and Produced by Star Cinema.
 Beau-père is a 1981 French comedy-drama film directed by Bertrand Blier. It is about a 30-year-old pianist who has an affair with his 14-year-old stepdaughter after her mother dies in a car accident. The film was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival and received some positive reviews in spite of its controversial subject.
 The Hot Chick is a 2002 American comedy film about a teenage girl whose mind is magically swapped with that of a 30-year-old criminal. It was directed by Tom Brady and produced by John Schneider and Carr D'Angelo for Happy Madison and Touchstone Pictures and written by Tom Brady and Rob Schneider.
 The Last Outpost is a 1951 Technicolor film Western directed by Lewis R. Foster set in the American Civil War with brothers on opposite sides. The cast includes Ronald Reagan.The film earned an estimated $1225000 at the US box office in 1951. The Last Outpost had the distinction of being the most successful film for the prolific B movie company Pine-Thomas Productions. The film was re-released in 1962 under the title Cavalry Charge.
 Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale is a 2010 Finnish horror-fantasy-thriller film directed by Jalmari Helander about people living near the Korvatunturi mountain who discover the secret behind Santa Claus. The film is based on a 2003 short film Rare Exports Inc. by Jalmari and Juuso Helander.
 Welcome to the Dirt also known as For Us By Us is Texas progressive rock band Fair to Midland's first DVD release. It consists mainly of a collage of fan footage of the band's performances. The DVD was released exclusively through the band's official website in November and was also offered together with re-releases of the band's first two independent albums inter.funda.stifle and The Carbon Copy Silver Lining.
 Backstage is a 2000 documentary film directed by Chris Fiore chronicling the 1999 Hard Knock Life tour that featured several of hip hops top acts including Jay-Z DMX Method Man and Redman. Produced by Damon Dash Backstage featured live performances by several members of Def Jam's roster and gave an in-depth look at what happened backstage.
 I nostri mariti is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Filippo D'Amico Dino Risi and Luigi Zampa.
 Stonewall & Riot: The Ultimate Orgasm is a superhero-pornographic 3D animated film created by Joe Phillips which was released in 2006. It was nominated for a GayVN Award. The film follows the adventures of Stonewall and Riot two gay superheroes living in Eros City who have to investigate a crime and identify the guilty party by interrogating (banging with) every male supervillain in the city.
 A Real Young Girl (French: Une vraie jeune fille) is a 1976 French drama about a 14-year-old girl's sexual awakening written and directed by Catherine Breillat. The film Breillat's first was based on her fourth novel Le Soupirail.This film is notable for its graphic depiction of sexuality which includes Charlotte Alexandra exposing her vulva. This led to it being banned in many countries.
 Pantjawarna (Perfected Spelling: Pancawarna; Indonesian for Five Colours) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).
 Museum Hours is a 2012 Austrian-American drama film written and directed by Jem Cohen. The film is set in and around Vienna's Kunsthistorisches Museum.
 Baby for Sale is a 2004 television film that was premiered on the Lifetime Network on 12 July 2004. It stars Dana Delany and was directed by Peter Svatek. The filming took place in Montréal Québec Canada.
 Vai que Dá Certo is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Mauricio Farias.
 Flirtation Walk is a 1934 romantic musical film written by Delmer Daves and Lou Edelman and directed by Frank Borzage. It focuses on a soldier (Dick Powell) who falls in love with a general's daughter (Ruby Keeler) during the general's brief stop in Hawaii but she leaves with her father for the Philippines before their relationship can blossom.
 Naan (English: Me) is a 2012 Tamil crime thriller film directed by Jeeva Shankar starring composer Vijay Antony in the lead role as a psychopath killer who also produced it and worked as the music director. Siddharth Venugopal and Rupa Manjari appeared in supporting roles. The filming of Naan began in April 2010. The film was released on 15 August 2012 and received positive response. This film was declared a super-hit in the box-office at the end of its run.
 Highlander is a 1986 British-American adventure fantasy film directed by Russell Mulcahy and based on a story by Gregory Widen. It stars Christopher Lambert Sean Connery Clancy Brown and Roxanne Hart. The film depicts the climax of an ages-old battle between immortal warriors depicted through interwoven past and present day storylines.Despite having enjoyed little success in its initial U.S.
 El Intruso is a 1999 Colombian film that was produced written directed by and starred Guillermo Álvarez. The plot revolves around a couple who move to a small village and are then investigated after the discovery of the body of the woman's lover.
 La vendetta di Ercole (literally Revenge of Hercules) better known as Goliath and the Dragon is a 1960 Italian/French international co-production widescreen sword and sandal film starring weight lifter and gymnast Mark Forest in his debut film role and Broderick Crawford. The identity of the title character was changed from Hercules to Goliath for release in North America by American International Pictures to tie in with their previous use of Goliath in Goliath and the Barbarians.
 The Big Swallow (AKA: A Photographic Contortion) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film directed by James Williamson featuring a man irritated by the presence of a photographer who solves his dilemma by swallowing him and his camera whole.
 Thillaanaa Mohanambal (English: The Danseuse Mohanambal) is a 1968 Tamil-language film directed by A. P. Nagarajan starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film is based on the novel of same name written by Kothamangalam Subbu which was published in a popular Tamil Magazine 'Ananda Vikatan' as weekly episodes. Though this movie was based on novel it received good reception especially with higher class audience.
 State's Attorney is a 1932 talking drama film made at RKO and starring John Barrymore. George Archainbaud directed and the film could more or less be considered a warm up for Barrymore when he later went to Universal to film the similar Counsellor at Law. Remade in 1937 and 1951 both titled Criminal Lawyer.
 Project A (Chinese: A計劃; Jyutping: A Gai3 Waak6; also known as Pirate Patrol and Jackie Chan's Project A) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written and directed by Jackie Chan who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao.Set in the 1800s in old Hong Kong Project A blends comedy moments and spectacular stunts including set-pieces reminiscent of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd.
 Thalastaanam (The Capital) is a 1992 Malayalam film by Shaji Kailas starring Suresh Gopi Narendra Prasad Geetha M. G. Soman and Vijayakumar. Vijayakumar made his debut through this movie.
 Aachariyangal (English: Surprises) is a 2012 Tamil film directed by debutant director Harshavardhan starring Taman Kumar Iyshwarya Rajesh Reethu Mangal Mahanadhi Sankar and Narayanan. The film was released on 24 August 2012.
 Someone Special (Hangul: 아는 여자; RR: Aneun yeoja; lit. A Woman I Know) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film about a struggling baseball player and a fan with a long-time crush on him. It was selected to screen at the 2004 Pusan International Film Festival 2005 Udine Far East Film Festival and made its United States premiere at the 2005 New York Asian Film Festival.
 Special Agent is a 1949 American film directed by William C. Thomas.
 One Fine Day is a 1996 American romantic comedy film directed by Michael Hoffman starring Michelle Pfeiffer and George Clooney as two single working parents with Alex D. Linz and Mae Whitman as their children. The title comes from the 1963 song One Fine Day by The Chiffons.Michelle Pfeiffer served as an executive producer on this film which was made in association with her company Via Rosa Productions.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song (For the First Time).
 Wanderlust is a 2012 American comedy film directed by David Wain starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd as a married couple who try to escape modern society by finding themselves on a commune in Georgia after the economy crashes down on their dreams in New York.Grossing only $24 million worldwide on a budget of $35 million Wanderlust received mixed reactions and was a box office disappointment.
 The Cowboys is a 1972 Western motion picture starring John Wayne Roscoe Lee Browne Slim Pickens A Martinez and Bruce Dern. Robert Carradine makes his film debut with fellow child actor Stephen R. Hudis. It was filmed at various locations in New Mexico Colorado and at Warner Brothers Studio in Burbank California. Based on the novel by William Dale Jennings the screenplay was written by Irving Ravetch Harriet Frank Jr. and Jennings and directed by Mark Rydell.
 Shoot to Kill also known as Police Reporter is a 1947 American black-and-white film noir directed by William Berke and stars Robert Kent Luana Walters Edmund MacDonald and Russell Wade.
 Agon is a 2012 Albanian drama film directed by Robert Budina. The film was selected as the Albanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 The Scene of the Crash (Croatian: Putovanje na mjesto nesreće) is a 1971 Yugoslav drama film directed by Zvonimir Berković.
 Desperate Justice (aka A Mother's Revenge) is a 1993 American film starring Lesley Ann Warren Bruce Davison and Shirley Knight. It was based on the novel of the same name by Richard Speight and the teleplay adaptation was written by John Bensink [1].
 Nadia is a 1984 made-for-television biopic of Olympic gymnast Nadia Comăneci. The film was directed by Alan Cooke.
 The Witches is a 1990 comedy and fantasy film based on the book of the same name by Roald Dahl. It was directed by Nicolas Roeg and produced by Jim Henson Productions for Lorimar Film Entertainment and Warner Bros. starring Anjelica Huston Mai Zetterling and Rowan Atkinson.
 The Brahma Diamond is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Blood Brothers (Dutch: Bloedbroeders) is a 2008 Dutch television film directed by Arno Dierickx.The film is based on the Baarn murder case which took place between 1960-1963. The then 17-year old Boudewijn Henny his 15-year old brother Ewout Henny and their 16-year old friend Hennie Werkhoven killed the 14-year old Theo Mastwijk in Soest.
 The Monster of Piedras Blancas is a 1959 science fiction/horror film written and directed by Irvin Berwick and starring Jeanne Carmen Les Tremayne John Harmon Don Sullivan Forrest Lewis and Pete Dunn. Influenced by The Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954) the film was produced by Jack Kevan who had supervised the manufacture of the Creature suit at Universal-International and created the Piedras Blancas monster costume.
 The Line King: The Al Hirschfeld Story is a 1996 American documentary film directed by Susan Warms Dryfoos about the artist Al Hirschfeld. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Stealing Beauty (French: Beauté volée; Italian: Io ballo da sola) is a 1996 drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Liv Tyler Joseph Fiennes Jeremy Irons Sinéad Cusack and Rachel Weisz. Written by Bertolucci and Susan Minot the film is about an American teenage girl who travels to a lush Tuscan villa near Siena to stay with family friends of her poet mother who recently committed suicide. The film was actress Liv Tyler's first leading film role.
 Stealing Home: The Case of Contemporary Cuban Baseball commonly known as Stealing Home is a 2001 documentary about Cuban baseball defectors. The documentary was filmed in the United States Cuba and the Dominican Republic.
 The Nasty Girl (German: Das schreckliche Mädchen) is a 1990 West German drama film based on the true story of Anna Rosmus from Passau Bavaria. The original German title loosely translates as The Terrible Girl.
 Fast Food is a 1989 American comedy film starring Jim Varney Traci Lords Michael J. Pollard Blake Clark and Pamela SpringsteenAuggie Hamilton (Clark Brandon) is always looking for ways to earn a quick buck. When he learns that his friend Samantha Brooks (Tracy Griffith) is going to sell her garage to fast food king Wrangler Bob Bundy (Jim Varney) he comes up with one more scheme to turn the garage into a burger joint.
 All at Sea is a 1977 Australian TV movie about a group of misfits on holiday on an island resort. It used the cast from The Celebrity Game.
 Stray Dogs (Persian: Sag-haye velgard‎) is an Iranian film written and directed by Marzieh Meshkini. It's a story about two orphaned children in post-Taliban Afghanistan.
 Somewhere in the Night is a 1946 psychological thriller directed and co-written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz.
 He Ain't Heavy He's My Father aka. He Ain't Heavy He's My Brother (新難兄難弟) is a 1993 Hong Kong film directed by Peter Chan. The title is a pun of He Ain't Heavy He's My Brother a hit single for The Hollies in 1969 and for Neil Diamond in 1970.
 Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo (also known as The Sensational Six) is a 2003 Indian children's film directed by Sridhar Rangayan and written by Vijay Tendulkar and Sushma Bakshi. The film is based on a short story by Shakuntala Paranjpye and was shot on location over 20 days in Mandangad Bankot and Mumbai.
 Free Ride is a 2013 American crime drama film produced by and starring Anna Paquin. It was written and directed by Shana Betz (aka Shana Sosin) and is based on her childhood in Fort Lauderdale. The film premiered at the 2013 Hamptons International Film Festival.
 Kagerō-za (陽炎座 Heat-Haze Theatre) is a 1981 independent Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and based on a novel by Kyōka Izumi. It forms the middle section of Suzuki's Taishō Roman Trilogy preceded by Zigeunerweisen (1980) and followed by Yumeji (1991) surrealistic psychological dramas and ghost stories linked by style themes and the Taishō period (1912–1926) setting. All were produced by Genjirō Arato.
 Mademoiselle is a French - British drama film directed by Tony Richardson. The dark drama won a BAFTA award and nomination and was featured in the 2007 Brooklyn Academy of Music French film retrospective. Jeanne Moreau plays an undetected sociopath arsonist and poisoner a respected visiting schoolteacher and sécretaire at the Mairie in a small French village.
 Three Crowns of the Sailor (French: Les Trois couronnes du matelot) is a 1983 French fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Mustang! is a 1959 western film directed by Tom Gries. It stars Jack Buetel and Madalyn Trahey.
 The Exam (Turkish: Sınav) is a 2006 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak about five Turkish highschool students preparing to sit for the university entry exam who enlist the services of a professional thief played by Jean-Claude Van Damme to steal the papers. The film went on nationwide general release across Turkey on October 20 2006 (2006-10-20).
 Across the Great Divide is a 1976 film that stars Robert Logan Heather Rattray and George Buck Flower. The film was shot on location in Utah and Canada. The movie is rated G in the USA.
 Radha Gopalam (Telugu: రాధ గోపాలం) is a 2005 Telugu film which stars Srikanth and Sneha. This film was directed by Bapu and music was by Mani Sharma. The performances of Srikanth and Sneha were critically applauded. Sneha won the prestigious Nandi Special Jury Award for her performance in the movie. The movie opened to outstanding reviews by critics and it was a box office hit.
 Rookies is a 1927 comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer starring Karl Dane and George K. Arthur.Set in World War I an entertainer named Greg Lee played by George K. Arthur gets drafted as a private and gets pitted against a tough Drill Seargeant Diggs played by Karl Dane. Private Lee does everything he can to annoy Sergeant Diggs thinking it will get him thrown out of the Army.
 A Touch of Class is a 1973 British romantic comedy film which tells the story of a couple having an affair who find themselves falling in love.
 Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line. The film which combines computer animation with live-action is directed by Michael Bay with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer. It is the first installment of the live-action Transformers film series.
 The Romance of Transportation in Canada is a 1952 animated short directed by Colin Low animated by Wolf Koenig and Robert Verrall and narrated by Guy Glover. Eldon Rathburn composed the film score. Tom Daly was producer for the National Film Board of Canada. The film offers a humorous account of the history of transportation in Canada looking at how Canada's vast distances and obstacles were overcome beginning with Canada's First Nations.
 The Cat and the Canary starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard is a 1939 comedy horror film remake of the 1927 film The Cat and the Canary which was based on the 1922 play of the same name by John Willard. The film was directed by Elliott Nugent.Universal Home Entertainment released the film on DVD in 2010 as part of the Bob Hope: Thanks for the Memories Collection and again in 2011 individually as a part of their Universal Vault Series on Amazon.com.
 Symphony of Living is a 1935 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Hands Up! is a 1917 Western film directed by Tod Browning. This was Colleen Moore's last film for Triangle/Fine Arts. D. W. Griffith had withdrawn from the Triangle arrangement and taken many performers and staff who were under contract specifically with Fine Arts (Griffith) rather than Triangle. Moore's contract was with Fine Arts. However Griffith had gone to Europe where he made Hearts of the World.
 Wacuś is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Su excelencia (English: Your Excellency) is a 1967 Mexican political satire film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas Sonia Infante and Guillermo Zetina. The film is set in a fictional dystopia where Red and Green countries are the political equivalents of the socialist and capitalist countries of the Cold War which the film satirizes.
 Benefit of the Doubt is a 1967 documentary on Peter Brook's anti-Vietnam protest play with the Royal Shakespeare Company known under the title US. It was filmed at London's Aldwych Theatre and features Peter Brook Michael Kustow Michael Williams and Glenda Jackson. It was directed by Peter Whitehead.
 Hong Kong Paradise (香港パラダイス Honkon paradaisu) is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Shūsuke Kaneko. Actress Yuki Saito won the Best Actress award at the Yokohama Film Festival for her performance in this film.
 Cassadaga is a 2011 American independent horror film directed by Anthony DiBlasi. The screenplay is the feature-length debut for co-writers Bruce Wood and Scott Poiley. The film stars Kelen Coleman Kevin Alejandro Louise Fletcher Rus Blackwell Hank Stone J Larose Amy LoCiero and Christina Bach.The story revolves around Lily Morel (Kelen Coleman) trying to recover from her sister’s tragic death. She is haunted by a murdered woman and ends up on a mission to solve her mysterious death.
 Shinchan: The Storm Called The Jungle (クレヨンしんちゃん 嵐を呼ぶジャングル Kureyon Shinchan: Arashi o Yobu Janguru?) is a Japanese animation action film from the superhit series of Crayon Shin-chan packet. It is seventh installment of the Shinchan series. It also released as Shinchan: Bungle in the Jungle in India on April 1 2011 at theaters and its Indian television Premiere was made on May 22 2011 on Hungama TV. Later it was released in DVD in India.
 Cassandra's Dream (2007) is a dramatic thriller film written and directed by Woody Allen. Filmed in the UK it was released in 2007 in Europe and in January 2008 in the U.S. It was developed as a British-French-American co-production.The film was premiered in secret at Avilés Spain on June 18 2007. It was officially premiered at the Venice Film Festival on September 2 2007 and was already in theaters in Spain by November 3.
 Mud and Sand is a silent film starring Stan Laurel that was filmed in 1922. Laurel plays a matador who makes a fool of a famous Spanish dancer. The dancer demands revenge and in the end kills the matador by throwing a concealed brick at him after a fight with the fiercest bull in Spain.
 Romeos (German: Romeos ...anders als du denkst!) is a 2011 German feature film. The film was written and directed by Sabine Bernardi. It was released on December 8 2011. Prior to its release the film's screenplay won the Best Treatment Cologne Screenplay Prize in 2007.
 Kancheepurathe Kalyanam is a 2009 Malayalam comedy film by the debutant pair Fazil and Jayakrishnan. The film stars Mukesh  Suresh Gopi and Muktha George.
 Tsatsiki morsan och polisen is a 1999 Swedish film directed by Ella Lemhagen based on the books about Tsatsiki written by Moni Nilsson-Brännström. It won the 1999 Guldbagge Award for Best Film. The film was followed by the film Tsatsiki – vänner för alltid.
 Venom is a 2005 American voodoo horror-of-the-demonic film starring Agnes Bruckner Jonathan Jackson Laura Ramsey Meagan Good D.J. Cotrona and Method Man. This was the last Dimension Films to be distributed by Disney before the former left Miramax Films to become part of The Weinstein Company in 2005.
 Naked Souls is a 1996 movie starring Brian Krause and Pamela Anderson. It was written by Frank Dietz and directed by Lyndon Chubbuck.While Pamela Anderson plays only a small role in the plot much of the advertising and even the movie tagline (She's about to bare her soul... and all that goes with it) is focused on her.[citation needed]
 Death of a Neapolitan Mathematician (original Italian title: Morte di un matematico napoletano) is a 1992 Italian drama film written and directed by Mario Martone.The film earned nine awards and was nominated for two with director and writer Mario Martone winning seven awards.
 From a Whisper is a Kenyan drama film written and directed by African Movie Academy Award winner Wanuri Kahiu.
 Queen of Hearts is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gracie Fields John Loder and Enid Stamp-Taylor. It was made at Ealing Studios.
 His Grace Gives Notice is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and based on the novel His Grace Gives Notice by Lady Laura Troubridge which had previously been adapted into a 1924 film. It starred Arthur Margetson Viola Keats Charles Groves and Victor Stanley.
 Aragosta a colazione (internationally released as Lobster for Breakfast) is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.For his performance in this film and in Il ladrone Enrico Montesano was awarded with a Special David di Donatello.
 Solla Solla Inikkum (English: Tastes on telling) is a 2009 Tamil film directed by G. Murailappas who earlier directed Raasi with Ajith and Rambha.The film stars Navdeep Madhumitha and Mallika Kapoor in lead roles. The likes of Prakash Raj Suja Sara Alampara Livingston Santhanam and Ashish Vidyarthi play other supporting roles in this film which was launched on 14 May 2008 released Summer 2009.
 Saranggola (international title: The Kite) is a 1999 Filipino drama film directed by Gil Portes starring Ricky Davao Lester Llansang and Jennifer Sevilla and produced by GMA Films and Teamwork Productions. It is a chilling morality tale showing murder and corruption through the eyes of a child.
 Sword Stained with Royal Blood is a 1982 Hong Kong film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venom Mob. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Louis Cha. The film is one of the rarest Venom martial arts film available and has been digitally remastered and released by Celestial Pictures.
 Pyar Kiya Hai Pyar Karenge is an Indian film directed by Vijay Reddy and released in 1986. The movie stars Anil Kapoor Ashok Kumar Padmini Kolhapure Anita Raj.
 A Goat's Tail is a 2006 British-Ghanaian film and is the directorial debut feature of Julius Amedume who also wrote the script. The plot follows a Ghanaian taxi driver who travels to London and encounters an underworld of drug culture.The film won the Best Feature award at the 2007 Los Angeles Pan African Film Festival.[citation needed]
 From a Whisper to a Scream also known as The Offspring is a 1987 American anthology horror film directed by Jeff Burr and starring Vincent Price.
 À bientôt j'espère (literally translates as Until soon I hope) is a 1968 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and Mario Marret. It tells the story of a strike action at a textile factory in Besançon in March 1967. The film was shot in black and white with photography by Pierre Lhomme.
 Little Voice is a 1998 British musical written and directed by Mark Herman and made in Scarborough North Yorkshire. The screenplay is based on Jim Cartwright’s play The Rise and Fall of Little Voice.
 Will to Power is a 2008 American thriller film starring David Rountree Chris Moir Rosie Garcia Jonathan Breck Kiko Ellsworth David Banks Kathy Lamkin and Kenn Woodard as Mr. Conner. The movie was written and directed by David Rountree.
 Crows Zero 2 (クローズZERO II Kurōzu Zero 2) is a 2009 Japanese action film directed by Takashi Miike with a screenplay by Shogo Muto. It is the second film based on the manga Crows by Hiroshi Takahashi and a direct sequel to 2007's Crows Zero. The film stars much of the cast from the first film including Shun Oguri Kyōsuke Yabe Meisa Kuroki and Takayuki Yamada reprising their roles. It was released in Japan on April 11 2009.
 A Romance of the Western Hills is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith starring Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Khiladi (English: Player) is a 1992 Bollywood suspense thriller film directed by Abbas Mustan. The film was Akshay Kumar's breakthrough role and also stars Ayesha Jhulka Deepak Tijori Sabeeha. While Prem Chopra Shakti Kapoor Anant Mahadevan and Johnny Lever played supporting roles. Khiladi was the first installment in the Khiladi (film series) which had Khiladi in the title and Akshay Kumar in the leading role.
 Four in the Morning is a 1965 British film directed by Anthony Simmons Starring Judi Dench.
 American Job is a 1996 independent film directed by Chris Smith.
 The Proud Youth is a 1978 Hong Kong film loosely based on Louis Cha's novel The Smiling Proud Wanderer. It was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio directed by Sun Chung and starred Wong Yue Shih Szu Michael Chan and Ling Yun.
 The Last Debate is a 2000 political film directed by John Badham based on the book by journalist and writer Jim Lehrer with a teleplay by Jon Mass and starring James Garner and Peter Gallagher.
 Canan (2011) is a Turkish television production whose chief executive officer is Bahadır İnce. The production of this serial was supported financially by world renown companionships Koliba Film Yapım and Fox Broadcasting Company.
 Total Corruption (aka Chi Chi LaRue's Total Corruption) is a 1993 gay pornographic feature-length video about a newbie cop and his comrades. The video stars Greg Ross Hank Hightower Zak Spears and Donnie Russo.
 Marhi Da Deeva (Punjabi: ਮੜ੍ਹੀ ਦਾ ਦੀਵਾ) is a 1989 National Award winning Punjabi film directed by Surinder Singh starring Raj Babbar Deepti Naval and Parikshit Sahni in lead roles. It was a critically acclaimed and well-received movie based on a novel of the same name by Gurdial Singh.
 The Cat Creeps (1930) is a crime/mystery film and a sound remake of The Cat and the Canary (1927). Starring Helen Twelvetrees Raymond Hackett Neil Hamilton Lilyan Tashman Jean Hersholt and Montagu Love it is considered a lost film.
 Code of the Sea is a 1924 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Victor Fleming and starred Rod La Rocque and Jacqueline Logan. This film survives in the Library of Congress collection as well as George Eastman House and UCLA Film & Tv.
 Kannukku Mai Ezhuthu is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by J. Mahendran starring Bhanumathi and Sujatha in lead roles.
 Casta e pura (internationally released as Chaste and Pure) is a 1981 Italian erotic-comedy film directed by Salvatore Samperi.
 Kartavya is a 2003 Family Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Pijush Saha and Subrato Saha Ray. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Rachana Banerjee Abhishek Chatterjee Tapas Pal Locket Chatterjee Dulal Lahiri in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra. The film was a remake of Tamil film Samuthiram.
 Thirupaachi is a 2005 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Perarasu. The film stars Vijay and Mallika in the lead roles with Trisha Krishnan Livingston Pasupathy Benjamin Kota Srinivasa Rao Vaiyapuri and Manoj K. Jayan in other roles. Chaya Singh made a guest appearance in a song. The film featured score composed by Dhina and a soundtrack jointly composed by Dhina Devi Sri Prasad and Mani Sharma. It was released on 14 January 2005.
 You Never Know Women is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film from director William Wellman that was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The stars of the picture are Florence Vidor Lowell Sherman and Clive Brook. The Library of Congress houses a 35 mm print of the film .
 Brother to Brother is a film written and directed by Rodney Evans and released in 2004. The film debuted at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival before playing the gay and lesbian film festival circuit with a limited theatrical release in late 2004.
 A Girl Cut in Two (French: La Fille coupée en deux) is a 2007 French drama and thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Ludivine Sagnier François Berléand and Benoît Magimel. The film was released in France on August 8 2007 and a limited release in the United States beginning on August 15 2008.
 One Nation Under God is a 2009 American documentary film. It is directed by Will Bakke produced by Michael B Allen and stars Michael B Allen Lawson Hopkins Austin Meek and Will Bakke. This is Will Bakke's first film. Original Production began in March 2008 in Dallas Texas and completed in March 2009. The film has had limited screening around the US since it premiered on April 11 2009 and was released on DVD August 31 2009.
 Red Wine is a Malayalam nonlinear investigation film directed by Salam Bappu. The film is produced by Gireesh Lal under the banner Gowri Meenakshi Movies and distributed by Reelax Eveents. It stars Mohanlal with Fahad Fazil and Asif Ali in lead roles. The film is scripted by newcomer Mammen K. Rajan based on a story by Noufal Blathoor. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Bijibal with lyrics penned by Rafeeq Ahammed and Santhosh Varma. The film released on 21 March 2013.
 Aya Sawan Jhoom Ke ('Rainy season came dancing') is a 1969 film directed by Raghunath Jhalani. It became a box office hit. The film stars Dharmendra Asha Parekh Balraj Sahni Nazima Bindu Aruna Irani and Rajindernath. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal and the lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The songs were meaningful and also melodious.
 Sette scialli di seta gialla (International title: Crimes of the Black Cat) is a 1972 giallo film. It was directed by Sergio Pastore and written by Pastore Alessandro Continenza and Giovanni Simonelli. Sette scialli di seta gialla stars Anthony Steffen Sylva Koscina Jeannette Len Renato De Carmine Giacomo Rossi-Stuart and Umberto Raho.
 Aar Ya Paar (now or never) is a 1997 Bollywood film produced and directed by Ketan Mehta. The film stars Jackie Shroff Deepa Sahi ( the director's real life muse) Ritu Shivpuri Paresh Rawal and Kamal Sidhu. The music is by Viju Shah.
 Benazir is a Hindi film released in 1964 Starring Ashok Kumar Meena Kumari Shashi Kapoor and Tanuja. Directed by S.Khalil and music by Sachin Dev Burman.
 The Egg is a 1922 American silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Warn London is a 1934 British thriller film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Edmund Gwenn John Loder and Leonora Corbett. A detective goes undercover to infiltrate a gang planning a bullion robbery. It was based on a novel by Denison Clift.
 Aerograd (Russian: Аэроград also referred to as Air City or Frontier) is a 1935 Soviet film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko a coproduction between Mosfilm and VUFKU. It is an adventure story set in the Soviet Far East in the future.
 Hitohada Kujaku (人肌孔雀) English title: The Swishing Sword aka Human Skin Peacock is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Kazuo Mori.
 A Lightning Sketch (French: Dessinateur) was a series of four 1896 French short silent films directed by Georges Méliès and released by his Star Film Company. Each film showed an artist—very probably Méliès himself—drawing a caricature of a notable political figure in less than a minute.Three similar films were also made at about the same time in August 1896 by the Anglo-American filmmaker J.
 Le Journal d'une femme en blanc is a 1965 Italian film directed by Claude Autant-Lara written by Jean Aurenche and André Soubiran.
 Bilat Ferat is a 1921 Bengali silent film directed by N.C. Lahiri and produced by Dhirendra Nath Ganguly. It is one of the earliest Bengali feature film. It is the first Indian feature film having intimate kissing-smooching scenes. It was a silent love-story (comedy included) which became a great hit. This film started a never-ending trail of love and romance stories in Indian movies.
 Chronicle of the Years of Fire (Arabic: وقائع سنين الجمر‎ translit. Chronique des Années de Braise) is a 1975 Algerian film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina. It depicts the Algerian War of Independence as seen through the eyes of a peasant.The film won the Palme d'Or prize at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival. It was also selected as the Algerian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Bring Your Smile Along is a 1955 Technicolor comedy film by Blake Edwards. It was Edwards' directorial debut and the motion picture debut of Constance Towers. Edwards wrote the script for this Frankie Laine musical with his mentor director Richard Quine. Songs Laine sang in the film included his 1951 hit The Gandy Dancers' Ball.
 The Night Nurse is a 1977 Australian TV movie about the relationship between a former opera star and her night nurse.
 A Hazard of Hearts is a made-for-television romantic film starring Helena Bonham Carter in one of her first major roles. Based on a novel by Barbara Cartland it was released in 1987.
 The Return of Sherlock Holmes is a 1987 CBS television movie and pilot created and written by Bob Shayne involving the famous detective Sherlock Holmes finding himself in the modern world.
 Madanolsavam is a Malayalam film written and directed by N. Shankaran Nair starring Kamal Haasan and Zarina Wahab in lead roles. Dialogues are penned by Thoppil Bhasi and comedy scenes by Adoor Bhasi.
 Anne of Green Gables is a 1985 Canadian television drama film based on the novel of the same name by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. The film starred Megan Follows and was produced and directed by Kevin Sullivan for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. It was released theatrically in Iran Israel Europe and Japan.The film aired on CBC Television as a two-part miniseries on December 1 1985.
 La Grande Vadrouille (French pronunciation: ​[la ɡʁɑ̃d vaˈdʁuj]; literally The Great Stroll; originally released in the United States as Don't Look Now... We're Being Shot At!) is a 1966 French comedy film about two ordinary Frenchmen helping the crew of a Royal Air Force bomber shot down over Paris make their way through German-occupied France to escape arrest.
 Khabardar is an 1984 unreleased Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T. Rama Rao and produced by A.Purnachandra Rao starring Amitabh Bachchan and Kamal Haasan.
 The Idolmaker is a 1980 American musical drama starring Ray Sharkey Peter Gallagher Paul Land Tovah Feldshuh and Joe Pantoliano.The film is based on the life of rock promoter and manager Bob Marcucci who discovered and promoted several rock 'n' roll stars including Frankie Avalon and Fabian. Bob Marucci served as a technical advisor for the production. It was directed by Taylor Hackford and written by Edward Di Lorenzo (Miami Vice series).
 Black Out p.s. Red Out is a 1998 Greek drama film directed by Menelaos Karamaghiolis. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Shangoul And Mangoul (Persian: Shangoul O Mangoul‎) is a 2000 Iranian animated film directed by Farkhondeh Torabi and Merteza Ahadi. Its runtime is 18 minutes and it is based on a Persian folktale.The Big Bad Wolf takes advantage of the mother goat being out. But the kids defend themselves.
 Circus (Russian: Цирк; translit. Tsirk) is a 1936 Soviet melodramatic comedy musical film. It was directed by Grigori Aleksandrov and Isidor Simkov (as I. Simkov) at the Mosfilm studios. In his own words it was conceived as an eccentric comedy...a real side splitter.Starring the glamorous and immensely popular Lyubov Orlova (Aleksandrov's wife) the first recognized star of Soviet cinema and a gifted singer the film contains several songs which instantly became Soviet classics.
 Ghost Town is a 2008 American supernatural comedy-drama film directed by David Koepp who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. It stars English comedian Ricky Gervais in his first leading feature-film role as a dentist who can see and talk with ghosts along with Téa Leoni as a young widow and Greg Kinnear as her recently deceased husband. Gavin Palone produced the film for DreamWorks Pictures Spyglass Entertainment and Pariah and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is a 2011 American fantasy adventure film and the fourth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.
 Evargal Indiyargal is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Om Sakthi S. Jagadhesan starring Ramarajan Madhuri Lakshmi in lead roles.
 The Cay is an American drama film based on the book titled The Cay. It was released on October 21 1974.
 Trouble is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard George Curzon and Dorothy Robinson. A pair of stewards on a cruise ship manage to foil the plans of jewel thieves.
 Kinnaripuzhayoram is a 1994 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by K. K. Haridas written by Priyadarshan. It casts Sreenivasan Siddique Devayani Mukesh in main roles.
 Les petites fugues is a 1979 Swiss comedy film directed by Yves Yersin. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. The film was produced by Filmkollektiv Zurich. The film was selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The City Addicted to Crystal Meth is a British documentary by Louis Theroux. It was televised on 9 August 2009. Theroux filmed his documentary in Fresno California which has one of the highest number of crystal meth users in the United States.
 Tyagayya (Telugu: త్యాగయ్య) is a 1981 Telugu film directed by Bapu. The cast included J.V. Somayajulu in the lead role. The film is based on the life of Tyagaraja. Tyagayya was showcased at the Indian Panorama of International Film Festival of India in 1982.Tyagayya was made as film in 1946. It was produced and directed by Chittor V. Nagaiah and considered as masterpiece in Telugu cinema. It is a soul stirring film about the truly extraordinary life of Saint Thyagaraja.
 Said O'Reilly to McNab is a 1937 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Will Mahoney Will Fyffe and Ellis Drake. It was made by Gainsborough Pictures. Leslie Arliss and Marriott Edgar wrote the screenplay.
 Raja Saab is a 1969 Bollywood film directed by Suraj Prakash. It stars Shashi Kapoor and Nanda in pivotal roles.
 Sara (Persian: سارا) is a 1992 motion picture directed by Dariush Mehrjui.
 Skylark (also titled Skylark: The Sequel to Sarah Plain and Tall) is a sequel to the film Sarah Plain and Tall. It was followed by another sequel Sarah Plain and Tall: Winter's End. It aired in 1993 on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie and now is regularly shown on Hallmark Channel. Glenn Close was nominated for the 1993 Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries.
 Quiet Night In is a 2005 New Zealand film written produced and directed by Christopher Banks. It premiered at the Stratford-upon-Avon International Digital Film Festival in the United Kingdom.
 Die Weiße Rose (The White Rose) is a 1982 CCC Film production about the White Rose resistance to the Nazi authorities led by a group of University students in Munich in 1942-1943 whose members were caught and executed in February 1943 shortly after the German capitulation at Stalingrad. The film pre-dates by two decades the film Sophie Scholl: The Final Days.
 Noise is a comedy drama film written and directed by Henry Bean. It stars Tim Robbins and Bridget Moynahan. Robbins plays a successful lawyer in Manhattan named David Owen who is bothered by all the noise in the city and who resorts to vandalism to put a stop to it adopting the identity of The Rectifier. His acts of vandalism provoke the mayor of the city played by William Hurt.The film premiered October 22 2007 at the Rome Film Festival.
 Badou Boy is a 1970 Senegalese short film directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty.The film follows the adventures of Badou Boy a cheeky young man as he travels through the streets of Dakar on the city buses.Badou Boy won the Silver Tanit award at the 1970 Carthage Film Festival in Tunisia. It was shown at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.Badou Boy remained unseen in the UK until 2006. It was instantly hailed as a lost classic.
 Moamba (Vidas vendidas) is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Fantasy Man is a 1984 Australian film about a man who has a mid life crisis and has fantasies.
 The Night Riders is a 1920 British silent western film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Maudie Dunham Albert Ray and Alexander Butler. It was one of several films made by the British producer G.B. Samuelson at Universal City in California. A Cornish emigrant to Canada battles against cattle rustlers in Alberta.
 Heaven's Fire is a 1999 made-for-TV action movie film starring Eric Roberts and Jürgen Prochnow.
 The Seven Pearls is a 1917 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Donald MacKenzie. It is considered to be a lost film though fragmentary prints are held by the Library of Congress.
 Raja Kaliamman (Tamil: ராஜ காளியம்மன்) is a Hindu devotional film in the Tamil language released in 2000. Singers for this soundtrack include Mano K.S. Chitra Swarnalatha Krishnaraj and Actor Vadivelu. This movie has extensive graphics to recreate the mythological story of Hindu Goddess Kali or Amman in Tamil.
 Mama Loves Papa is a 1933 American black-and-white comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod with a story by Nunnally Johnson and Douglas MacLean and a screenplay by MacLean Keene Thompson and Arthur Kober. The film was produced by Paramount Pictures and stars Charles Ruggles and Mary Boland.
 Custer of the West is a 1967 American Western film directed by Robert Siodmak. It tells a highly fictionalised version of the life and death of George Armstrong Custer. It starred Robert Shaw as Custer Robert Ryan Ty Hardin Jeffrey Hunter and Mary Ure. The film was shot entirely in Spain.The plot of the film was very close to that of the 1941 film They Died with Their Boots On in which Errol Flynn played Custer.
 Monte Carlo Nights is a 1934 American film directed by William Nigh.
 The Wedding Planner is a 2001 romantic comedy film directed by Adam Shankman written by Michael Ellis and Pamela Falk and starring Jennifer Lopez and Matthew McConaughey.
 Akhiyon Se Goli Maare (Hindi: अखियों से गोली मारे; Translated: Shoots with eyes) is a 2002 Bollywood comedy film directed by Harmesh Malhotra and starring Govinda Raveena Tandon Kader Khan Shakti Kapoor Asrani and Johnny Lever.
 Pink Smoke over the Vatican is a 2011 documentary film by Jules Hart about women who have been ordained as priests in the Roman Catholic Church despite their status as invalid. The film has won several awards including Best Female Filmmaker and Best Faith-Based Film at the Action On Film International Film Festival; Best Documentary at the Santa Fe Independent Film Festival; and the Emerging Artist Award at Beloit International Film Festival.
 The Return to Homs is a 2013 Syrian-German documentary film written and directed by Talal Derki. The film premiered in-competition at the 2013 International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam on November 20 2013 as the opening film of the festival.The film also premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Documentary Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014.
 Race with the Devil is a 1975 occult thriller and action film starring Peter Fonda Warren Oates Loretta Swit and Lara Parker. This was the second of three films Fonda and Oates would star in together (The Hired Hand was their first and 92 in the Shade was their third). The film was a hybrid of the horror action and car chase genres.
 Happy Face Murders is a 1999 made for TV movie based on a real story.It was shot in 21 days.It is one of director Brian Trenchard-Smith's favourite films.
 Jai Veeru is a Hindi action film directed by Puneet Sira and starring Fardeen Khan Kunal Khemu Dia Mirza Arbaaz Khan and Anjana Sukhani. The film was released on 13 March 2009. It is a remake of the 1996 action Bulletproof. The title of the film is named after the famous characters Jai and Veeru from the film Sholay.
 His Own Law is a 1920 American silent film drama released by Goldwyn Pictures and starring Hobart Bosworth. It survives in the Library of Congress.
 Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American action thriller war film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. Billed as the story of history's greatest manhunt for the world's most dangerous man the film dramatizes the decade-long manhunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden after the September 11 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States.
 OOO Den-O All Riders: Let's Go Kamen Riders (オーズ・電王・オールライダー レッツゴー仮面ライダー Ōzu Den'ō Ōru Raidā: Rettsu Gō Kamen Raidā) is a film released on April 1 2011 to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the Kamen Rider Series. The catchphrase for the movie is The world these are Japan's heroes!! (世界よ、これが日本のヒーローだ!! Sekai yo kore ga nihon no hīrō da!!).
 Pop Carn is a 2003 Indian Tamil film written and directed by actor-cum-director Nassar and starring Mohanlal and Simran Bagga in lead roles and introducing newcomers Kunal Shah and Jyothi Nawal. The film which had music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja was released on 30 January 2003 but flopped at the box office. Nonetheless the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released in 2007 under the same name.
 Lockerbie Revisited is a Dutch 50-minute documentary from the VPRO television documentary series Backlight (Dutch: Tegenlicht) which was broadcast in the Netherlands on the eve of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi's second appeal against conviction that started at the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh on 28 April 2009.
 The Good Life is a 2007 film written and directed by Stephen Berra starring Mark Webber Zooey Deschanel Patrick Fugit Bill Paxton Drea de Matteo Harry Dean Stanton and Chris Klein.
 Faithful is a 1936 British musical drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Jean Muir and Hans Söhnker. The film was a quota quickie production with an original screenplay by Brock Williams and music by Pierre Neuville. The plot deals with two pupils from a provincial music conservatory who elope marry and come to London to try their luck. The husband becomes a singer in a nightclub and is soon targeted by a predatory socialite.
 A Baltic Tragedy (Swedish: Baltutlämningen) is a 1970 Swedish drama film directed by Johan Bergenstråhle. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival. It is based on the Swedish extradition of Baltic soldiers that took place between 1945 and 1946.
 Here is Germany is a 1945 propaganda documentary film directed by Frank Capra. Like its companion film Know Your Enemy: Japan the film is a full-length exploration of why one of the two major Axis countries started World War II and what had to be done to keep them from doing it again.The film opens with scenes of everyday life in Germany described by narrator Walter Huston.
 Higher Than a Kite is the 72nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Hollywood on Trial is a 1976 American documentary film directed by David Helpern. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Samurai I Loved (蝉しぐれ  Semishigure)is a 2005 Japanese drama film directed by Mitsuo Kurotsuchi. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Battle of the Sexes is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith for the Majestic Motion Picture Company. No complete prints of the film are known to exist however a fragment has survived. Griffith remade the film as The Battle of the Sexes in 1928 as a dramedy and this latter version is available on DVD.
 Sex and Death 101 is a 2007 dark comedy science fiction film written and directed by Daniel Waters released in the United States on April 4 2008. This film marks the reunion of writer-director Daniel Waters and Winona Ryder who previously worked on 1989's Heathers written by Waters.
 Death Ship is a 1980 British-Canadian horror film directed by Alvin Rakoff. The cast includes Academy Award winner George Kennedy Richard Crenna Sally Ann Howes and Black Christmas actor Nick Mancuso.
 The Jewel is a 1933 British crime film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Hugh Williams Frances Drake and Jack Hawkins. A family heirloom is stolen and the family attempt to recover it.
 A Fan's Notes is a 1972 Canadian comedy film directed by Eric Till based on the novel of the same name. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
 Orange County is a 2002 American comedy film starring Colin Hanks and Jack Black. It was released on January 11 2002. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by MTV Films and Scott Rudin. The movie was directed by Jake Kasdan and written by Mike White.
 Perfect Strangers is a 2003 New Zealand film directed by Gaylene Preston and starring Sam Neill and Rachael Blake.
 The Defender is a 2004 American action film directed by Dolph Lundgren in his directorial debut who also starred in the film. The film also co-stars Jerry Springer Shakara Ledard Thomas Lockyer and Caroline Lee Johnson. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on October 18 2005.Dolph Lundgren plays Lance Rockford must set aside his values and patriotism to protect the life of the world's greatest terrorist so that he does not become a martyr for his cause.
 With These Hands is a 1950 documentary film directed by Jack Arnold. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Produced by the International Ladies Garment Workers Union the film used actors to recreate the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire and compare working conditions of the early 20th century to that of the 1950s.
 Tribute also known as Nora Roberts' Tribute is a 2009 television film directed by Martha Coolidge which stars Brittany Murphy and Jason Lewis. The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name. And is part of the Nora Roberts 2009 movie collection which also includes; Northern Lights Midnight Bayou and High Noon. The movie debuted April 11 2009 on Lifetime
 The Cost of a Kiss is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Bertram Wallis Marjorie Day and Edward Cooper. It marked the feature film debut of Brunel who went on to become a leading British director of the 1920s. It was the only film produced by Mirror Films a company set up by Brunel and the screenwriter H. Fowler Mear.
 Road to the Big Leagues is a 2008 independent documentary film. This film follows children from the Dominican Republic who rely on baseball as a way out of poverty and struggle. The young boys on this journey are glorified for their persistence perseverance and humor throughout their fight for freedom and a better life. This footage focuses on the triumphs and tribulations from young boys to grown men.
 Skiing Everest is an American adventure documentary directed by Les Guthman and Mike Marolt; written by Les Guthman and featuring high-altitude skiers Mike Marolt Steve Marolt John Callaghan Jim Gile Hans Kammerlander Chris Davenport Laura Bakos Mark Newcomb.
 Un mari à prix fixe is a 1965 French film directed by Claude de Givray and starring Anna Karina.
 La Quinceañera is a documentary film produced and directed by Adam Taub released in 2007. It was shot in Tijuana Mexico and follows Ana Maria and her family as they prepare for and celebrate her Quinceañera. The Quinceañera or Quince Años (sometimes represented XV Años meaning fifteen years) is in some Spanish-speaking regions of the Americas a young woman's celebration of her fifteenth birthday which is celebrated in a unique and different way from her other birthdays.
 Demolition Man is a 1993 American science fiction action film directed by Marco Brambilla in his directorial debut. The film stars Sylvester Stallone and Wesley Snipes. The film was released in the United States on October 8 1993.The film tells the story of two men—one an evil crime lord; the other a risk-taking police officer—who are cryogenically frozen in the year 1996 and reawakened in 2032.
 Militia is a 2000 direct-to-video action film directed by Jim Wynorski. It stars Dean Cain Jennifer Beals and Frederic Forrest.
 Pauline at the Beach (French: Pauline à la plage) is a 1983 French film directed by Éric Rohmer. The film stars Amanda Langlet Arielle Dombasle Pascal Greggory and Féodor Atkine.
 A Cell Phone Movie is a 2011 Bosnian documentary film directed by Nedžad Begović. The film was shot entirely on his mobile phone and won the Best Documentary Award at the 2011 Sarajevo Film Festival and the Jury Award for Best Documentary Film at 2012 Bosnian-Herzegovinian Film Festival in New York.
 A Gentleman of Paris is a 1931 crime drama film directed by Sinclair Hill based on the story His Honour the Judge by Niranjan Pal.
 Couch (1964) is a feature-length underground film directed by Andy Warhol and starring Gerard Malanga Piero Heliczer Naomi Levine Gregory Corso Allen Ginsberg John Palmer Baby Jane Holzer Ivy Nicholson Amy Taubin Ondine Peter Orlovsky Jack Kerouac Taylor Mead Kate Helzicer Rufus Collins Joseph LeSeuer Bingingham Birdie Mark Lancaster Gloria Wood and Billy Name.
 Lady Frankenstein (Italian: La Figlia di Frankenstein) is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Mel Welles. It stars Joseph Cotten Rosalba Neri (under the pseudonym Sara Bey) Mickey Hargitay and Paul Müller. The script was written by cult writer Edward di Lorenzo.
 Siddhu +2 is an Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj starring his son Shanthnoo Bhagyaraj and newcomer Chandini Tamilarasan in lead roles. Bhagyaraj himself comedian Ganja Karuppu Rajesh Seetha and Avinash essay supporting roles. The film is made simultaneously in Telugu as Love in Hyderabad which however stars Kannada actress Aindrita Ray as the female lead and is directed by Mahesh Chandra.
 Postcards from Leningrad (2007 Spanish title: Postales de Leningrado) is a Venezuelan film written and directed by Mariana Rondon. It is a drama about children growing up among guerilla groups in the 1960s in Venezuela.It is Venezuela's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film of the 80th Academy Awards.
 Total Denial is a 2006 documentary film about fifteen Burmese villagers going up against oil giants UNOCAL and Total as they build the Yadana Pipeline.
 Minugurulu is a 2014 Telugu social problem film written and directed by Ayodhya Kumar Krishnamsetty. The film was selected as Best Indian Film at the 9th India International Children's Film Festival held at Bangalore. The film has also garnered the Akkineni Vamsee International Award.
 People Will Talk (1951) is a romantic comedy/drama directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck from a screenplay by Mankiewicz based on the German play by Curt Goetz which had been made into a movie in Germany (Frauenarzt Dr. Prätorius 1950).
 Endrendrum Kadhal (Tamil: என்றென்றும் காதல்; English: Forever Love) is a Tamil film which released in 1999 written directed and co-produced by Manoj Bhatnagar. The film stars Vijay and Rambha in the lead roles with Raghuvaran and Banupriya in other pivotal roles. Veteran actor M. N. Nambiar also played a supporting role while Manoj Bhatnagar also composed the film's music. The film opened to average reviews and fared poorly at the box office.
 Elmo the Fearless is a 1920 Western film serial directed by J. P. McGowan. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Love Wind Love Song (Hangul: 연풍연가; RR: Yeonpung yeonga) is a 1999 South Korean romance film about a Seoul businessman (Jang Dong-gun) who comes to Jeju Island and meets a lonely tour guide (Ko So-young).
 Beyond the Hills (Romanian: După dealuri) is a 2012 Romanian drama film directed by Cristian Mungiu starring Cristina Flutur and Cosmina Stratan. The narrative follows two young women at an Orthodox convent in Romania.The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where Mungiu won the award for Best Screenplay and Flutur and Stratan shared the award for Best Actress.
 Love at Times Square is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dev Anand with Shoib Khan Chaitanya Chaudhary and Heene Kaushik. The film had special appearances from Salman Khan and Rishi Kapoor.
 Hello Moscow! (Russian: Zdravstvuy Moskva! Russian: Здравствуй Москва!) is a 1945 Soviet musical film directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dorian Gray is a 2009 British fantasy-thriller drama film based on Oscar Wilde's 1890 novel The Picture of Dorian Gray.This version is directed by Oliver Parker written by Toby Finlay (his first screenplay) and stars Ben Barnes as Dorian Gray and Colin Firth as Lord Henry Wotton. The film tells the story of the titular character Dorian Gray an attractive Englishman whose image is captured in an enchanted painting that keeps him from aging.
 L'onorevole con l'amante sotto il letto is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.
 In Our Time is a 1944 romantic drama film set in the days leading up to World War II. It stars Ida Lupino and Paul Henreid.
 Ogniomistrz Kaleń (English: The Artillery Sergeant Kalen) is a Polish war movie released in 1961. The movie was directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski. The movie is about the fate of Polish soldier named Kaleń (acted by Wiesław Gołas) who fought with UPA in 1945.
 Mr. Schneider goes to Washington is a 2008 documentary film by Jonathan Neil Schneider about campaign financing in Washington D.C..
 Pepo (Armenian: Պեպո) is a 1935 Soviet film directed by Hamo Beknazarian which is based on Gabriel Sundukyan's 1876 play of the same name. Pepo was the first Armenian language sound film ever created. Music for the film was created by Aram Khachaturian a well-known Armenian composer who was born in Tiflis himself.
 Swimming Upstream is a 2003 Australian film written by Tony Fingleton and directed by Russell Mulcahy. It stars Jesse Spencer Geoffrey Rush and Judy Davis. It shows the life of Fingleton (Spencer) from childhood to adulthood and dealing with a topsy-turvy family. It is based on Fingleton's autobiography of the same name.The film also stars Good Game host Steven O'Donnell in a minor role as a lifeguard.
 The Beast (French: La Bête) is a 1975 French erotic fantasy horror film written edited and directed by Walerian Borowczyk. Although sometimes compared with Beauty and the Beast there are no parallels in the plot except that it features the relationship between a beast and a woman.The film did well in Europe but the run of the film in France and the U.S. ran into controversy due to its erotic nature and show of bestiality.
 Payroll is a 1961 British crime thriller starring Michael Craig and based on the novel by Derek Bickerton. The story is about a gang of villains that stage a wages robbery which turns into a disaster. Most of the film was shot on location in and around Gateshead and Newcastle upon Tyne. In the US the film is known as I Promised to Pay.
 Sunstroke (Danish: Solstik) is a 1953 Danish comedy film directed by Astrid Henning-Jensen and Bjarne Henning-Jensen.
 What on Earth! (French: La Terre est habitée!) is a 1966 National Film Board of Canada animated short co-directed by Les Drew and Kaj Pindal which takes a humorous look at car culture from the point of view of fictional Martians who mistake automobiles for Earth's true inhabitants and people as their parasites. The film is a mockumentary introduced in its opening credits as produced by the National Film Board of Mars.
 L'Alchimiste Parafaragaramus ou la Cornue infernale released in the United States as The Mysterious Retort and in Britain as The Alchemist and the Demon is a 1906 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 874–876 in its catalogues.
 It's a Beautiful Day (クソすばらしいこの世界) is a 2013 Japanese-American horror film directed by Kayoko Asakura. It stars Kim Kkot-bi. It is the debut film by Kayoko Asakura and had its premiere at the Yubari Film Festival in 2013. The film is set in California where A-jung (Kim Kkot-bi) is picked up by her Japanese friend Takako (Amagi Chika). They visit Takako's friends who treat A-jung poorly. That night around a campfire mysterious supernatural events begin to happen involving Takako's friends.
 The Battle Wizard is a 1977 Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils. The film was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and directed by Pao Hsueh-li. The film centers on the story of Duan Yu one of the three protagonists of the novel.
 Die Nibelungen (The Nibelungs) is a series of two silent fantasy films created by Austrian director Fritz Lang in 1924: Die Nibelungen: Siegfried and Die Nibelungen: Kriemhild's Revenge. The screenplays for both films were co-written by Lang's then-wife Thea von Harbou based upon the epic poem Nibelungenlied written around 1200 AD. Siegfried was released in the U.S. on 23 August 1925 premiering at the Century Theatre in New York City in the short-lived Phonofilm sound-on-film process.
 For other films with the same name see Sahara.Sahara is a 1943 war film directed by Zoltán Korda. Humphrey Bogart stars as a U.S. tank commander in Libya during the Western Desert Campaign of World War II. The movie earned three Academy Award nominations: Best Sound (John Livadary) Best Cinematography (Black-and-White) and Best Supporting Actor by J.
 Afinidades (English: Affinities) is the debut long-feature film co-directed by Cuban director-actors Jorge Perugorría and Vladimir Cruz. They also both play the main roles in the film a psychological drama. Cruz was also the screenwriter of the film which is an adaptation of the Reynaldo Montero novel Música de cámara.Afinidades was mostly filmed in Guamá in Cuba's Ciénaga de Zapata region with some parts shot in a studio built in Santa Fe Havana.
 London is a 2005 Tamil action comedy film directed by Sundar C which was a remake of Priyadarshan's Malayalam film Kakkakuyil (2001). The film features Prashanth and Ankitha in the lead roles while Vijaykumar Srividya and Pandiarajan play supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Vidyasagar the film released in March 2005 with mixed reviews.
 Asylum is a 2003 American short documentary film directed by Sandy McLeod. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Zeisters also known as Fat Guy Goes Nutzoid is a 1986 comedy film produced by Troma Entertainment. Troma was originally set to title the film Fat Boy Goes Nutzoid but at the request of the lawyers of the hip-hop group The Fat Boys it was changed to Fat Guy.
 Kamui Gaiden (カムイ外伝) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Yōichi Sai based on Sanpei Shirato's manga series of the same title. The film is written by Sai and Kankurō Kudō starring Kenichi Matsuyama in the titular role. It premiered at Toronto International Film Festival on September 16 2009 to mixed reviews.
 Ena votsalo sti limni (Greek: Ένα βότσαλο στη λίμνη) is a 1955 Greek comedy film directed by Giorgos Tzavelas and stars Vassilis Logothetidis and Ilya Livykou
 Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball is a 2010 action crime film directed by P.J. Pesce and starring Tom Berenger Vinnie Jones Tommy Flanagan Autumn Reeser and Ernie Hudson.The film is a prequel to Joe Carnahan's 2007 film Smokin' Aces. The film centers on an FBI desk jockey who is targeted for murder by various hired assassins. The film was produced by Working Title Films and was released direct-to-video on January 19 2010 by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.
 This article is about the 2001 film. For the actress on which it is based see Zubeida Begum. For the silent film actress see Zubeida.Zubeidaa (Hindi: ज़ुबैदा Urdu: زبیدہ‎) is a 2001 Indian film directed by Shyam Benegal and written by Khalid Mohammed. It stars Karisma Kapoor Rekha Manoj Bajpai Surekha Sikri Rajit Kapoor Lillete Dubey Amrish Puri Farida Jalal and Shakti Kapoor.
 When the Love Is Gone is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film directed by Andoy Ranay starring Cristine Reyes Gabby Concepcion Alice Dixson Andi Eigenmann and Jake Cuenca.
 The Paw Project is a 2013 documentary film that focuses on the declawing of both exotic and domesticated cats in America.
 The Other Woman (original title: Love and Other Impossible Pursuits) is a 2009 drama film written and directed by Don Roos. The film is based on the Ayelet Waldman novel Love and Other Impossible Pursuits and distributed by Incentive Film Distribution in the US. The film stars Natalie Portman Lisa Kudrow Scott Cohen and Charlie Tahan.
 The Russian Triangle (Georgian: რუსული სამკუთხედი Rusuli samkudhedi; Russian: Русский треугольник) is a 2007 Georgian thriller film directed by Aleko Tsabadze. It was Georgia's submission to the 80th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize.
 Also see KshatriyaKshatriya (Warriors) is a 1993 Bollywood film directed by J.P. Dutta. The film features an ensemble star cast including Sunil Dutt Dharmendra Meenakshi Seshadri Vinod Khanna Sunny Deol Sanjay Dutt Raveena Tandon and Divya Bharti. The film has Sunil Dutt and Dharmendra playing fathers to their real-life sons Sanjay Dutt and Sunny Deol respectively. This is Divya Bharti's last film to be released while she was alive; she died 10 days after its release.
 Sieg im Westen (Victory in the West) is a 1941 German propaganda film.It was produced by the Oberkommando des Heeres the German Army High Command rather than the Propaganda Ministry of Joseph Goebbels. Goebbels indeed sabotaged its release in minor ways delaying its premiere and telling propagandists not to promote it.The prologue consists of the Nazi version of European history and the origins of World War II and the rest deals with the Blitzkrieg in Western Europe of May and June 1940.
 Hard Steel is a 1942 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Wilfrid Lawson Betty Stockfeld and John Stuart. It was based on the novel Steel Saraband by Roger Dataller. The film was one of four made by G.H.W. Productions backed by the Rank Organisation. The film follows the rise of an ambitious steel worker as he is appointed to run his local steel mill.
 Kill Me Please is a 2010 French-Belgian comedy film directed by Olias Barco.
 Walls of Fire is a 1971 documentary film directed by Herbert Kline and Edmund Penney. Narrated by Ricardo Montalbán this documentary examines the history of Mexican murals and their artists. Among the works examined are those by José Clemente Orozco Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The documentary was also won a Golden Globe award for Best Documentary film in 1972.
 The Three Stooges also known as The Three Stooges: The Movie is a 2012 slapstick comedy film based on the classic shorts of the mid-20th century comedy trio of the same name. The movie was produced written and directed by the Farrelly brothers and co-written by Mike Cerrone and stars Chris Diamantopoulos Sean Hayes and Will Sasso recreating the eponymous characters played by Moe Howard Larry Fine and Curly Howard.
 La Sorcière is a 1956 drama film directed by André Michel based on a screenplay by Paul Andréota and Jacques Companéez. Adapted from the Alexander Kuprin novel Olesya. At the 6th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Silver Bear award for an Outstanding Artistic Contribution.
 Secuestro Express (English: Express Kidnapping) is a 2005 Venezuelan crime film directed by Jonathan Jakubowicz and starring Mía Maestro Jean Paul Leroux and Rubén Blades. The film premiered in New York in August 2005 and it opened in other countries including Venezuela later that year.
 Take Shelter is a 2011 American drama-thriller film written and directed by Jeff Nichols and starring Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain. Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions a young husband and father (Shannon) questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm or from himself. It was nominated for four Saturn Awards including Best Horror or Thriller Film and Best Actress for Chastain and won Best Writing for Nichols and Best Actor for Shannon.
 The Taking of Flight 847: The Uli Derickson Story also marketed as The Flight on video is a 1988 made-for-TV film based on the actual hijacking of TWA Flight 847 as seen through the eyes of Uli Derickson the chief flight attendant. Derickson herself acted as a consultant for the movie.
 Bulat-Batır or Bulat-batyr (Russian: Була́т-Баты́р Tatar: بولات باتر) is a 1927 silent film believed to be the first Tatar film and probably the only Tatar full-length feature silent film. The film was shot mostly in Kazan and the Kazan Kremlin was one of its stills.
 Female Prisoner Ayaka: Tormenting and Breaking in a Bitch (女囚アヤカ　いたぶり牝調教 Joshū Ayaka: Itaburi Mesu Chōkyō) is a 2008 Japanese pink film directed by Naoyuki Tomomatsu. Tomomatsu shot the film for Gensō Haikyū-sha production company and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on September 19 2008. It was given Honorable Mention for Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony where lead actress Asami was also given a Best Actress award.
 The Lonely Guy is a 1984 romantic comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller and starring Steve Martin. The screenplay is credited to Ed. Weinberger and Stan Daniels (of Taxi) as well as Neil Simon (for adaptation) and is based on the 1978 book The Lonely Guy's Book of Life by Bruce Jay Friedman.Martin portrays a greeting card writer who goes through a period of bad luck with women.
 The Preppie Murder is a TV movie directed by John Herzfeld written by Herzfeld and Irv Roud and starring William Baldwin as Robert Chambers and Lara Flynn Boyle as Jennifer Levin. The film aired on ABC in 1989. It was based on the events of a murder committed by Robert Chambers nicknamed the Preppie Killer. The film co-stars Danny Aiello Joanna Kerns and William Devane.
 Atalia (Hebrew: עתליה) is a 1984 Israeli drama directed by Akiva Tevet. It was adapted from a story by Yitzhak Ben Ner and mostly shot on location at Kibbutz Yakum.
 Avenue Montaigne also known as Fauteuils d'orchestre is a French film released in 2006 directed by Danièle Thompson which she co-scripted with her son Christopher Thompson.
 Mashooq is a 1992 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Mirza Brothers starring Ayub Khan and Ayesha Jhulka in lead roles.
 Crazy Mama is a 1975 American action/comedy film directed by Jonathan Demme and produced by Julie Corman. The film stars Cloris Leachman. Dennis Quaid and Bill Paxton are also seen briefly in two of their earliest roles.
 Movie Movie is a 1978 American double bill directed by Stanley Donen. It consists of two films Dynamite Hands a boxing ring morality play and Baxter's Beauties of 1933 a musical comedy both starring the husband-and-wife team of George C. Scott and Trish Van Devere.
 Spy Game is a 2001 American spy film directed by Tony Scott and starring Robert Redford and Brad Pitt. The film grossed $62 million in the United States and $143 million worldwide and received mostly positive reviews from film critics.
 The County Chairman is a lost 1914 silent film drama directed by Allan Dwan produced by the Famous Players Film Company and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on the 1903 stage play by George Ade that starred Maclyn Arbuckle who reprises his role in this film. Also starring alongside Arbuckle is up-and-coming heartthrob Harold Lockwood. The story is typical of the stage plays (and its star) Adolph Zukor brought to films for his Famous Players Company in its earliest years.
 Say! Young Fellow was a 1918 American silent romantic comedy film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky /Artcraft. The picture was directed by Joseph Henabery. The film is now considered lost.
 Le péril jeune (French pronunciation: ​[ləpeʁil ˈʒœn]) or The Good Old Daze is a 1994 French coming of age comedy-drama directed by Cédric Klapisch. The movie takes place in Paris during the 1970s.
 Point Break is a 1991 American action film directed by Kathryn Bigelow starring Patrick Swayze Keanu Reeves Lori Petty and Gary Busey. The title refers to the surfing term point break where a wave breaks as it hits a point of land jutting out from the coastline.The film was a box office success upon its release and it has since gathered a worldwide cult following in VHS and later DVD and Blu-ray releases.
 Beautiful People is a 1999 satirical comedy written and directed by Jasmin Dizdar. The film won an award for the best film in Un Certain Regard category at the Cannes Film Festival and is listed in The New York Times Guide to The Best 1000 Movies Ever Made. Beautiful People is set in London during the time of the Bosnian War.
 Get to Know Your Rabbit is a 1972 American comedy film written by Jordan Crittenden and directed by Brian De Palma.
 Seedan (Tamil: சீடன்) (English: Disciple) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by Subramaniam Siva. The film stars newcomer Unni Mukundan and Ananya of Naadodigal fame in the lead and features Dhanush in an extended guest appearance while Suhasini Sheela and Vivek appear in supporting roles.The film a remake of the 2002 Malayalam hit film Nandanam released on 25 February 2011 to mixed reviews. The whole film is shot inside a palacial set created by art director Jacki.
 Jawani is a Bollywood film released in 1942.
 Navy Born is a 1936 American film directed by Nate Watt.The film is also known as Mariners of the Sky (American original script title).
 Returning Mickey Stern is a 2002 comedy film written and directed by Michael Prywes. It stars Joseph Bologna Tom Bosley Renée Taylor Connie Stevens and Joshua Fishbein and was shot almost entirely on Fire Island off the coast of Long Island NY. It is the story of a former professional baseball player who discovers a second chance at life and love on the island.
 Havana Rose is a 1951 American musical comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Estelita Rodriguez Bill Williams and Hugh Herbert. It was one of a number of American films set in Havana during the era.
 Stargate (French: Stargate la porte des étoiles) is a 1994 French-American adventure science fiction film released through Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) and Carolco Pictures. Created by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich the film is the first release in the Stargate franchise. Directed by Roland Emmerich the film stars Kurt Russell James Spader and Jaye Davidson.
 The Prince of Thieves is a 1948 film nominally inspired by Alexandre Dumas' 1872 novel Le Prince des voleurs. Produced by Sam Katzman for Columbia Pictures and starring Jon Hall as Robin Hood with stuntwork by Jock Mahoney the film was shot in the Cinecolor process that features an inability to reproduce the colour green. Sequences were shot reusing several of the sets of Columbia's The Bandit of Sherwood Forest and at Corriganville.
 Botë e padukshme is a 1987 Albanian drama film directed and written by Kristaq Dhamo with Vath Koreshi.
 The Hourglass Sanatorium (Polish: Sanatorium pod klepsydrą) is a 1973 Polish film directed by Wojciech Jerzy Has starring Jan Nowicki Tadeusz Kondrat Mieczysław Voit Halina Kowalska and Gustaw Holoubek. It is also known as The Sandglass in English speaking countries. The story follows a man who visits his father in a mystical sanatorium where time does not behave normally. The film is an adaptation of Bruno Schulz's story collection Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass.
 In My Lifetime: A Presentation of the Nuclear World Project is a documentary film about the history of nuclear weapons.
 The Man Who Knew Too Little is a 1997 American comedy espionage film starring Bill Murray directed by Jon Amiel and written by Robert Farrar and Howard Franklin. The film is based on Farrar's novel Watch That Man and the title is a parody of Alfred Hitchcock's 1934 film The Man Who Knew Too Much and its 1956 remake of the same title.
 Encarnación is a 2007 Argentine film directed and written by Anahí Berneri. It premiered on 11 October 2007. The film was produced by Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky. Silvia Pérez was nominated for Best Actress and Best New Actress at the Argentine Film Critics Association Awards in 2008. The film won the best innovation award at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 Yamata no Orochi no Gyakushū (八岐之大蛇の逆襲 Eight-Headed Giant Serpent's Counterattack) is a tokusatsu kaiju fan film shot on 16mm by Daicon Films (now Gainax). It was released on December 1985 and runs at 72 minutes. This was the most heavily promoted of Daicon's fan films. It was so successful that it was released on video by Bandai/Emotion.
 Momo is a 1986 fantasy film directed by Johannes Schaaf and based on the 1973 novel Momo by Michael Ende. It is about the concept of time and how it is used by humans in modern societies. The film features the final acting role of actor/writer/ director John Huston.
 Mob Sister (Chinese: 阿嫂) is a 2005 Hong Kong action film directed by Wong Ching-Po and starring Karena Lam Simon Yam and Eric Tsang.
 Pink Narcissus (1971) is an American arthouse drama film by James Bidgood visualizing the erotic fantasies of a gay male prostitute.
 Pokémon: The First Movie: Mewtwo Strikes Back commonly referred to as Pokémon: The First Movie originally released as Pocket Monsters the Movie: Mewtwo's Counterattack (劇場版ポケットモンスター ミュウツーの逆襲 Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā: Myūtsū no Gyakushū) is a 1998 Japanese anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama the chief director of the Pokémon television series. It is the first theatrical release in the Pokémon franchise.It was released in Japan on July 18 1998.
 Goblin is a 2010 television film directed by Jeffery Scott Lando and written by Raul Inglis. The movie was released on the SyFy channel on July 7 2010. Filming for Goblin took place in Pitt Meadows British Columbia Canada.
 Panik i familien is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Action in the North Atlantic is a 1943 American war film directed by Lloyd Bacon featuring Humphrey Bogart and Raymond Massey as sailors in the U.S. Merchant Marine in World War II.
 Que la fête commence... (English title Let Joy Reign Supreme) is a 1975 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and starring Philippe Noiret. It is a historical drama set during the 18th century French Régence centring on the Breton Pontcallec Conspiracy. It won the French Syndicate of Cinema Critics Prix Méliès and the César Award for Best Director Best Supporting Actor Best Writing and Best Production Design and was nominated for Best Film Best Supporting Actress and Best Music.
 Grumpy is a 1923 silent film drama distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1913 Broadway play Grumpy by Horace Hodges and Thomas Wigney Percyval and starred English actor Cyril Maude. The director of this film is William C. deMille brother of Cecil and the star is Theodore Roberts. This film was remade by Paramount as an early sound film for Cyril Maude reprising his Broadway role.
 The Forbidden Dance (also released as The Forbidden Dance is Lambada) is a 1990 drama film starring former Miss USA Laura Harring. Made to cash in on the Lambada dance craze it opened on the same day (March 16 1990) as its competitor Lambada.
 Liars All is an American psychological thriller film. It was directed and written by Brian Brightly and stars Matt Lanter Sara Paxton Gillian Zinser and Torrance Coombs.
 In Our Nature is a 2012 film starring John Slattery and Zach Gilford directed by Brian Savelson Seth and Andie had the perfect weekend getaway planned until an unexpected visit puts Seth's estranged father and his girlfriend in the same cabin.
 Megalodon is a 2002 American shark film. It takes place out on a deep sea oil rig.
 Flame of the Desert is a 1919 silent film drama starring Geraldine Farrar and Lou Tellegen. It was directed by Reginald Barker and produced by Samuel Goldwyn. Prints exist at the Library of Congress and Cineteca Nazionale Rome.
 Century of the Dragon is a 1999 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Andy Lau Louis Koo and Patrick Tam.
 Alexandra's Project is a 2003 drama/thriller Australian movie.
 The Sleeping Beauty (Russian: Спящая красавица translit. Spyashchaya krasavitsa) is a 1930 Soviet film directed by Georgi Vasilyev and Sergei Vasilyev their first feature film.The main themes of the film are the conflict between old art forms such as ballet and the revolution and the need for creating new proletarian forms of art.
 The Merchant of Venice (Te Tangata Whai Rawa o Wēniti) also known as The Maori Merchant of Venice is a 2002 New Zealand drama film in the Māori language (with English subtitles) directed by Don Selwyn.
 Help! is a 1965 film directed by Richard Lester starring the Beatles–John Lennon Paul McCartney George Harrison and Ringo Starr—and featuring Leo McKern Eleanor Bron Victor Spinetti John Bluthal Roy Kinnear and Patrick Cargill. Help! was the second feature film made by the Beatles and is a comedy adventure which sees the group come up against an evil cult. The soundtrack was released as an album also called Help!.
 Mysterious Island 2 (Chinese: 孤岛惊魂2) is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Rico Chung. The film is set in present day Bangkok where Zhou Qing (Deng Jiajia) tells her psychiatrist (Leung Wan-yi) about recurring nightmares about a female ghost and a killer lorry on a highway.
 Something to Think About is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. The film stars Elliott Dexter and Gloria Swanson.
 Presto is a 2008 American Pixar computer-animated short film shown in theaters before their feature length film WALL-E. The short is about a magician trying to perform a show with his uncooperative rabbit and is a gag-filled homage to classic cartoons such as Tom and Jerry and Looney Tunes. Presto was directed by veteran Pixar animator Doug Sweetland in his directorial debut.The original idea for the short was a magician who incorporated a rabbit into his act who suffered from stage fright.
 The Command is a 1954 CinemaScope Western film directed by David Butler. It stars Guy Madison and Gordon MacRae. It was based on the novel Rear Guard by James Warner Bellah and features a screenplay by Sam Fuller.
 Aparoopa is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua. It is the first feature film of the director and also the first Assamese film produced by National Film Development Corporation of India. It was released in 1982. The film starred Biju Phukan Suhasini Mulay Sushil Goswami and Girish Karnad. This film was also made into Hindi titled Apeksha.
 Primary Colors is a 1998 drama film based on the novel Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics a roman à clef about Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992 which originally had been published anonymously but in 1996 was revealed to have been written by journalist Joe Klein who had been covering Clinton's campaign for Newsweek. It was directed by Mike Nichols and starred John Travolta Emma Thompson Billy Bob Thornton Kathy Bates Maura Tierney Larry Hagman and Adrian Lester.
 The Amazing Adventures of the Living Corpse is a 2012 American animated 3D horror film directed by Justin Paul Ritter written by Ritter and Ryan Plato and starring Michael Villar as an intelligent zombie who seeks to protect his son. It is based on The Living Corpse Exhumed a comic book by Ken Haeser and Buz Hasson.
 Les Petites Vacances is a 2007 French drama film directed by Olivier Peyon.
 The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe (French: Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire) is a 1972 French comedy film directed by Yves Robert written by Francis Veber starring Pierre Richard Jean Rochefort and Bernard Blier. The film's sequel Le Retour du Grand Blond was released in 1974.The film was remade in English as The Man with One Red Shoe.
 The King of the Bla Bla Bla (original title Le Roi du bla bla bla) is a French comedy crime film from 1951 directed by Maurice Labro written by Claude Boissol starring Paul Azaïs and Louis de Funès as gangsters Bébert and Gino.
 Clifford is a 1994 comedy film starring Martin Short Charles Grodin Mary Steenburgen and Dabney Coleman.The film was shot in 1990 and originally planned for release in the summer of 1991 but remained in limbo for several years due to Orion Pictures' bleak financial situation. It wasn't released until 1994.The film's tagline is What's the difference between Clifford and a pit bull? One will tear your heart out scare your friends and wreck your house. The other one is a dog.
 The Tin Flute (French: Bonheur d'occasion) is a 1983 Canadian drama film directed by Claude Fournier and based on the novel of the same name. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.The film was co-produced by the National Film Board of Canada's French-language branch Ciné St-Henri Inc.
 The Storm is a Canadian documentary directed by Ross Birchall.Principal photography took place in rural areas of Eastern Africa with stock footage filmed in other parts of Africa parts of Indonesia in British Columbia Canada and Washington D.C. and Louisiana in the United States of America.
 Admission is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Paul Weitz and starring Tina Fey and Paul Rudd. The film was released in the United States and Canada on March 22 2013. It is an adaptation of a novel by Jean Hanff Korelitz also called Admission.
 Stories of Joy is a compilation of five short films directed by upcoming filmmakers as a contribution to the ‘Joy of Giving Week’ a philanthropic festival widely celebrated across India from 2 October to 8 October every year.
 Great Expectations is a 1934 adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel of the same name. Filmed with mostly American actors it was the first sound version of the novel and was produced in Hollywood by Universal Studios and directed by Stuart Walker. It stars Phillips Holmes as Pip Jane Wyatt as Estella and Florence Reed as Miss Havisham.Critics consider this 1934 version far inferior to the classic 1946 version made in England and directed by David Lean.
 Love Actually is a 2003 British Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis. The screenplay delves into different aspects of love as shown through ten separate stories involving a wide variety of individuals many of whom are shown to be interlinked as their tales progress.Set primarily in London the story begins five weeks before Christmas and is played out in a weekly countdown until the holiday followed by an epilogue that takes place one month later.
 The Last Journey of Ninoy is a documentary film directed by Jun Reyes that premiered on 21 August 2009 in commemoration of Ninoy Aquino Day and on 23 August at ABS-CBN. The film includes the final interview given by Aquino's wife who then became the first woman to Philippine presidency Corazon Aquino. It was produced by Unitel Productions Inc. and the Benigno Aquino Jr. Foundation.
 La Vida es un tango (Life is a Tango) is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Manuel Romero. The tango film starred Tito Lusiardo and Hugo del Carril.
 3 Engel für Ali is a German film directed by Roman Schaible. It was released in 2003.
 Hands Up! is a 2003 Chinese historical comedy film directed and written by Feng Xiaoning and produced by Han Sanping. The film stars Pan Changjiang Guo Da and Liu Wei. It based on the Second Sino-Japanese War.
 The Players (French: Les Infidèles) is a 2012 omnibus comedy film starring Jean Dujardin and Gilles Lellouche who also wrote and directed two of the segments.
 Keerthi Chakra (Malayalam: കീര്‍ത്തിചക്ര) is a 2006 Malayalam war film directed and written by debutant A.K. Ravindran (known as Major Ravi) and starring Mohanlal and Jiiva. The film is based on true events related to insurgency in the Indian controlled region of Kashmir. The political situation of the conflict is portrayed from an Indian perspective in the film.The film the first movie in the Major Mahadevan series was released on 7 August 2006 worldwide.
 Mugam (English: Face) is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by Gnana Rajasekaran. The film features Nassar and Roja in lead roles whilst Manivannan Vivek and Thalaivasal Vijay play supporting roles. The film opened in October 1999 to negative reviews and became a box office failure.
 Golden Mountains (Russian: Златые горы) is a 1931 Soviet silent film directed by Sergei Yutkevich. A re-edited sound version of the film as released in 1936.
 The Shadow is a 1933 British mystery film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Henry Kendall Elizabeth Allan and Felix Aylmer.
 Snap Shot is an upcoming American independent action-thriller film directed and produced by Frankie Latina written by Gilbert Trejo and starring Danny Trejo Cade Carradine and Mark Borchardt. The film revolves around a photographer (Carradine) who is trapped in a chilling situation when his camera is found to contain disturbing images. To help fulfill the film's budget a fundraising campaign was initiated on the website Kickstarter. Snap Shot is scheduled for a 2014 theatrical release.
 Crocodile is a 2000 American horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and released direct-to-video on 26 December 2000. It was followed by a sequel Crocodile 2: Death Swamp released in 2002.
 Fatto su misura is a 1985 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Laudadio.
 Desafío en Río Bravo is a 1965 Italian film directed by Tulio Dimicheli.
 Police Story 4: First Strike (Chinese: 警察故事4之簡單任務 released in the United Kingdom as Jackie Chan's First Strike) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Stanley Tong starring Jackie Chan Jackson Lou Wu Chen-chun and Bill Tung. The film was released in Hong Kong on 10 February 1996.Jackie reprises his role as Chan Ka-kui (also known in some versions as Jackie) yet again as a Hong Kong cop who works with Interpol to track down and arrest an illegal weapons dealer.
 Wedding Night - End of the Song (Luxembourgish: Hochzäitsnuecht) is a 1992 Luxembourgish drama film directed by Pol Cruchten. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 American Mayor is a 2009 documentary film detailing Travis Irvine's 2007 campaign for mayor of Bexley Ohio.
 Gildersleeve on Broadway is a 1943 American film starring Harold Peary as his radio character The Great Gildersleeve. It is the second of four Gildersleeve features.
 Revolution is a documentary film by Jack O'Connell made in San Francisco in 1967. It was subsequently revived with added reminiscences.Although most interviewees are not named some of them have been identified such as Kurt Hirschhorn Frank Jordan Cecil Williams and Herb CaenDaria Halprin appears in the film as herself.The soundtrack features Ace of Cups Country Joe and the Fish Steve Miller Band Quicksilver Messenger Service Mother Earth and Dan Hicks.
 the connected baby is a film by Dr Suzanne Zeedyk co-produced with Jonathan Robertson was funded initially by the British Psychological Society. It demonstrates babies' innate emotional connectedness to other people. The film premiered at the Dundee Contemporary Arts centre on 25 July 2011 and was featured as part of the Scottish Mental Health Arts and Film Festival in October 2011.
 Fear and Trembling (original title Stupeur et tremblements) is a French film based on the novel of the same name by Amélie Nothomb.
 Industrial Symphony No. 1: The Dream of the Broken Hearted is a short avant-garde musical play directed by David Lynch with music by Angelo Badalamenti and Julee Cruise.
 The Russian Singer (Danish: Den russiske sangerinde) is a 1993 Danish thriller film directed by Morten Arnfred. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Venus of the South Seas (1924) also known as Venus of the Southern Seas is a silent feature film starring swimmer Annette Kellerman and one of the last films made in the Prizmacolor process.The 55-minute four-reel film made by an American company and shot in Nelson New Zealand. The final reel in Prizmacolor was restored by the Library of Congress in 2004.
 There Goes My Baby (also released as The Last Days of Paradise) is a 1994 film directed by Stephen Fisher and Floyd Mutrux and starring Dermot Mulroney Rick Schroder Noah Wyle Lucy Deakins Mark Ruffalo and Kelli Williams.Told from the point of view of the class valedictorian Mary Beth the story follows a group of high school seniors during the 1965 Watts Riots.
 Sharing the Secret is a 2000 American television drama film about a teenage girl's struggle with bulimia and its effect on her parents and friends. Originally airing on CBS television networks in the United States the film has also aired on cable television's Lifetime Network. In 2001 the film received a Peabody Award for an impressive moving and candid portrait of a teenager in crisis.
 Thenmerku Paruvakatru (English: Southwest Monsoon) is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac. It stars Vijay Sethupathi and Vasundhra Chiyertra in the lead roles alongside Saranya Ponvannan in her 100th film.
 New York Nights is a 1929 crime film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is based on 1928 play Tin Pan Alley by Hugh Stanislaus Stange. The film is known for being leading actress Norma Talmadge's first sound film.
 A Village Scandal is a 1915 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Aa Nimisham is a 1977 Malayalam-language Indian feature film produced directed by I. V. Sasi starring Ravikumar Madhu Sheela and Sridevi in lead roles.
 Beautiful Darling: The Life and Times of Candy Darling Andy Warhol Superstar is a 2010 feature-length documentary film about Candy Darling the transgender pioneer actress and Andy Warhol Superstar. The film was written and directed by James Rasin and features Chloë Sevigny as the voice of Candy Darling reading from Candy's private diaries and letters. Patton Oswalt voices Andy Warhol and Truman Capote.
 Honrarás a tu madre is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Fishtales is a 2007 family comedy film directed by Alki David and starring Billy Zane and Kelly Brook about a widowed father who falls in love with a mermaid. The film was released theatrically in the UK on 24 August 2007.At the time of filming co-stars Billy Zane and Kelly Brook were engaged to be married but they have since split. This is the second film that the couple have worked on together the previous being 2005's Survival Island where they met.
 Devil's Cavaliers (Italian: I cavalieri del diavolo) is a 1959 Italian film directed by Siro Marcellini.
 The Widowmaker is a 1990 made for television film starring Annabelle Apsion Alun Armstrong David Morrissey and Kenneth Welsh. The film deals with a woman whose husband has been arrested after going on a killing rampage and the reaction of her local community. It was produced In the United Kingdom by Central Independent Television for the ITV Network and aired on 29 December 1990. It received a nomination for Best Single Drama at the 1991 BAFTA Awards.
 T2 or (Tenement 2) is a 2009 Filipino horror-suspense film produced and distributed by Star Cinema. The film stars Diamond Star Maricel Soriano. The movie was directed by Chito Rono director of the critically acclaimed film Sukob.T2 refers to Tenement 2 one of the buildings in FTI located in Taguig City where some of the scenes were shot.
 Ship Ahoy is the title of a 1942 musical-comedy film produced by MGM starring Eleanor Powell and Red Skelton.
 Leafie A Hen into the Wild (Hangul: 마당을 나온 암탉; RR: Madangeul Naon Amtak) is a 2011 South Korean animated film which depicts the freedom will and instinctive motherly love of a hen as she raises an adopted duckling. It made box office history by drawing over 2.2 million viewers the largest audience for a home-grown animated film in South Korea.
 Helicopter Canada is a 1966 Canadian documentary film featuring aerial photography of all of Canada's ten Canadian provinces directed by Eugene Boyko. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 39th Academy Awards.Filmed in CinemaScope the film was made for international distribution during the Canadian centennial.
 My Lover My Son is a 1970 US-American-British coproduction directed by John Newland. It tells the story of a mother played by Romy Schneider clinging to her maturing son. The film is based on Edward Grierson's novel Reputation for a Song.
 Mam'zelle Nitouche English: Oh No Mam'zelle is a French comedy film from 1954 directed by Yves Allégret written by Marcel Achard starring Fernandel and Louis de Funès.
 Closed for Winter is a 2009 Australian drama film starring Natalie Imbruglia.It is based on Georgia Blain's critically acclaimed novel of the same title. The film was produced by Goalpost Pictures.
 A Woman of Independent Means is an 1995 TV mini-series starring Sally Field. Sally Field also producer. Field was nominated for Emmy Award Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Awards. The series was also nominated in the category Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries and Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Casting for a Miniseries Movie or a Special and won Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Costume Design for a Miniseries or a Special in 1995.
 The Other Conquest (Spanish: La Otra Conquista) is a 2000 Mexican feature film (re-released theatrically in 2007) written and directed by Salvador Carrasco and produced by Alvaro Domingo. Plácido Domingo the world-renowned tenor was the executive producer.The film is a drama about the aftermath of the 1520s Spanish Conquest of Mexico told from the perspective of the indigenous Aztec people.
 Gajendra is a 2004 Tamil action film directed by Suresh Krishna. The film features Vijayakanth Flora and Laya in lead roles. The film produced by V. A. Durai had musical score by Deva and was released on 26 August 2004 to negative reviews. The film is remake of Telugu film Simhadri and was later dubbed in Hindi as Return of Khuda Gawah.
 Eran trecento is a 1952 Italian film.
 Due Marines e un Generale (translated: Two Marines and a General internationally released as War Italian Style) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Scattini. The film puts together the famous Italian comedian duo of Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia and the silent cinema icon Buster Keaton. The Keaton role is a mute role except for the words Thank you that he pronounces in the final scene of the film.
 Abraxas Guardian of the Universe is a 1990 science-fiction/action film written and directed by Damian Lee and starring Jesse The Body Ventura and Sven-Ole Thorsen with a cameo by James Belushi. It has become somewhat of a cult movie due to its outlandish plot and other B-movie characteristics.
 Not So Quiet on the Western Front is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller Mona Goya and Wilfred Temple. It was made by British International Pictures. Its title is a reference to All Quiet on the Western Front.
 Three Strings to her Bow is an Australian film directed by George Young. Now considered a lost film it was billed as a fine farcical comedy.
 Symphony of a City (Swedish: Människor i stad) is a 1947 Swedish documentary short film about Stockholm directed by Arne Sucksdorff. It won an Academy Award in 1949 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Red Eye (Korean: 레드아이) is a 2005 South Korean horror film.
 Tida Sok Puos or Snake Hair is a 1973 Khmer film directed by Hui Kung starring Kong Som Eun and Dy Saveth.
 The Cliff of Sin or La Scogliera del peccato is a 1950 Italian film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero.
 The Serpent's Tooth is a 1917 silent film drama starring Gail Kane from the stage and released through the Mutual Film company. A lost film.
 Kindergarten Cop is a 1990 American comedy-thriller film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger as John Kimble a tough police detective who must go undercover as a kindergarten teacher to catch drug dealer Cullen Crisp (Richard Tyson) before Crisp can get to his ex-wife and son while along the way he discovers his passion for teaching. Pamela Reed plays his partner Phoebe O'Hara and Penelope Ann Miller plays Joyce the teacher who becomes Kimble's love interest.
 Suddenly Last Summer is a 1959 American Southern Gothic mystery film based on the play of the same title by Tennessee Williams. The film was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Sam Spiegel from a screenplay by Gore Vidal (though Williams was officially given credit) with cinematography by Jack Hildyard and production design by Oliver Messel.
 Gli onorevoli is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
 Vampire Assassin is a 2005 direct-to-DVD film directed written by and starring martial artist Ron Hall.
 La Mujer de medianoche (The Woman at Midnight) is a 1925 Brazilian mystery film drama directed by Carlo Campogalliani.The film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on September 7 1925.
 Beyond is a 2012 psychological thriller/supernatural drama film starring Jon Voight Teri Polo and Dermot Mulroney. The film directed by Josef Rusnak was shot entirely on location in Anchorage Alaska.
 Adventure in Iraq is a 1943 American adventure film directed by D. Ross Lederman and starring John Loder Ruth Ford Warren Douglas and Paul Cavanagh. The film is based on the play The Green Goddess by William Archer.
 State of Play is a 2009 political thriller film. It is an adaptation of the six-part British television serial of the same name which first aired on BBC One in 2003. The plot of the six-hour serial was condensed to fit a two-hour movie format with the location changed to Washington D.C. The film was directed by Kevin Macdonald from a screenplay written by Matthew Michael Carnahan Tony Gilroy Peter Morgan and Billy Ray.
 Once Upon a Girl is a 1976 X-rated live-action/animated film written produced and directed by Don Jurwich. It was animated by a group of animators who had worked for Disney according to the director in an interview included with the DVD release. The film was released in some theaters and did not lose money.
 Shararat is a 2002 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by debutant Gurudev Bhalla and starring Abhishek Bachchan Hrishitaa Bhatt and Amrish Puri in the lead roles. The film was released on 12 July 2002.
 Scenes of City Life (Chinese: 都市风光; pinyin: Dūshì fēnguāng) is a 1935 Chinese film directed by Yuan Muzhi.The film is also known in English as Cityscape.
 Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a 2004 American pulp adventure science fiction film written and directed by Kerry Conran in his directorial debut. The film is set in an alternative 1939 and follows the adventures of Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) a newspaper reporter and Joseph Joe Sullivan (Jude Law) alias Sky Captain as they track down the mysterious Dr. Totenkopf (Laurence Olivier) who is seeking to build the World of Tomorrow.
 Lewat Djam Malam (shown internationally as After the Curfew) is a 1954 Indonesian film directed by Usmar Ismail and written by Asrul Sani. Widely regarded as a classic of Indonesian cinema the film follows an ex-soldier in his vigilante actions against corruption.
 Sing Sing Nights is a 1934 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins based on the 1927 novel by American Author Harry Stephen Keeler (Hutchinson 1927 Dutton 1928 Ward & Lock 1929).
 Fatso is a 1980 American comedy film written and directed by Anne Bancroft and starring Dom DeLuise Ron Carey and Candice Azzara.
 The Boys Next Door is a 1996 television movie based on a play by Tom Griffin which was published in 1983 under the title Damaged Hearts Broken Flowers and again in 1988 under the title The Boys Next Door. The movie was produced by Hallmark Entertainment as a Hallmark Hall of Fame Movie.
 The Christmas Tree is a 1996 ABC television film directed by Sally Field.
 Disturbed is a 1990 American horror film directed by Charles Winkler starring Malcolm McDowell as a psychiatrist who rapes a young woman in his care then must deal with his vengeance-seeking daughter 10 years later.
 Carmen is a 2003 drama film based on the classic romance of the same name by Prosper Mérimée. Director Vicente Aranda based the plot on Mérimée's original 1847 novella not its famous operatic adaptation by Bizet from 1875 changing some details about the love story between Carmen (Paz Vega) and José (Leonardo Sbaraglia).
 The Clan – Tale of the Frogs (Finnish: Klaani: Tarina Sammakoitten suvusta) is a 1984 Finnish drama film directed by Mika Kaurismäki. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Shree 420 (translation: Mr. 420 also transliterated as Shri 420) is a 1955 Bollywood film directed produced by and starring Raj Kapoor and Nargis. The number 420 refers to Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code which prescribes the punishment for the offence of cheating; hence Mr. 420 is a derogatory term for a cheat. The film centers on Raj a poor but educated orphan who comes to Bombay with dreams of success.
 Ape (stylised as A*P*E and released in South Korea as 킹콩의 대역습 - King Kong eui daeyeokseup; The Great Counterattack of King-Kong) is a 1976 monster movie. It was an American/South Korean co-production produced by Kukje Movies and the Lee Ming Film Co. (South Korea) and Worldwide Entertainment (USA) with 3-D effects. Directed by Paul Leder and featuring special effects by Park Kwang Nam the film stars Rod Arrants Joanna Kerns and Alex Nicol.
 Transit Game is an upcoming short film written and directed by the Iranian-Canadian-American filmmaker Anna Fahr.
 Man in Blues is a 2003 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed by Yip Wai Ying and starring Wayne Lai and Nadia Chan. This film was rated Category III in Hong Kong.
 Dentist in the Chair is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Bob Monkhouse Ronnie Stevens Eric Barker and Vincent Ball. The screenplay was written by Val Guest based on a novel by Matthew Finch. Additional scenes were written by Bob Monkhouse and George Wadmore. This film was followed by a sequel Dentist on the Job.
 Three Hours to Kill is a 1954 Western.It inspired the 1956 Roger Corman film Gunslinger.
 Page 3 is a 2005 Indian film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar and produced by Bobby Pushkarna and Kavita Pushkarna about the Page 3 Culture and media in the city of Mumbai. It stars Konkona Sen Sharma Atul Kulkarni Sandhya Mridul Tara Sharma Anju Mahendru and Boman Irani. The film won three National Film Awards including the Golden Lotus Award for Best Film. The film also features actor Sunil Shetty in a special appearance.This article exposes insight into Page 3 life in cosmopolitan cities.
 Digital Monster X-Evolution (デジタルモンスター ゼヴォリューション Dejitaru Monsutā Zevoryūshon) is the eighth Digimon film and the first to air originally on Japanese television. It aired on 3 January 2005 at 7:15 a.m. UTC+9/JST on the Fuji TV network.Digital Monster X-Evolution is also the first and so far only Digimon movie to be done entirely in CG (CG animation by Imagi Animation Studios) as well as the only Digimon movie not related to one of the Digimon anime series.
 To Rob a Thief (Spanish: Ladrón que Roba a Ladrón) is a 2007 Spanish-language film in which two thieves reunite to rob a television mogul.
 The Rift is a 2012 science fiction thriller short film directed by Robert Kouba and written by Robert Kouba Tasha Lowe-Newsome Yuell Newsome and Jonathan Peace.
 King Solomon's Mines is a 1950 adventure film the second of five film adaptations of the 1885 novel by the same name by Henry Rider Haggard. It stars Deborah Kerr Stewart Granger and Richard Carlson. It was adapted by Helen Deutsch directed by Compton Bennett and Andrew Marton and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Nzambi Mpungu is a 1928 Belgian film directed by Ernest Genval and made as part of the Genval Cinematographic Mission. The goal of the Genval Cinematographic Mission in Belgian Congo was to show the work of the Catholic missions and local customs. In Zugulu a village in the Kwango region a sorcerer warns N’Goma and his wife about the dangers of the priests of the white man’s God. Joseph a member of the same ethnic group encourages them to convert.
 When the Ham Turned is a 1914 film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Cavalleria rusticana is a 1982 Italian film directed by Franco Zeffirelli.
 The Glass Slipper (1955) is a musical film adaptation of Cinderella made by MGM directed by Charles Walters and produced by Edwin H. Knopf from a screenplay by Helen Deutsch. The music score is by Bronislau Kaper the cinematography by Arthur E. Arling the art direction by Daniel B.
 Scott Joplin is a 1977 biographical film directed by Jeremy Kagan and based on the life of American composer and pianist Scott Joplin. It stars Billy Dee Williams and Clifton Davis. It won an award from the Writers Guild of America in 1979.
 Panam Padaithavan (Tamil: பணம் படைத்தவன்)is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in 1965. The film ran successfully at many centres for more than 100 days and declared a box office hit.
 Kallu Kondoru Pennu is a 1998 Malayalam film by Shyamaprasad starring Suresh Gopi Dileep and Vijayashanti. This movie is about an unnmaried nurse from Kuwait City who adopts a young kid.
 College Coach (UK title Football Coach) is a 1933 American drama film starring Dick Powell and Ann Dvorak. The film features John Wayne in his last bit-part role.
 Ong Bak 2: The Beginning (องค์บาก 2) is a 2008 Thai martial arts film co-directed by and starring Tony Jaa. It is a follow-up to Jaa's 2003 breakout film Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior. Initially claimed to be a sequel to Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior Ong Bak 2 was then announced to be a prequel to its predecessor.
 Spring (1969) Estonian: Kevade directed by Arvo Kruusement is a film adaptation of Oskar Luts' popular novel of the same name. The movie placed first place in the Estonian feature films Top Ten Poll in 2002 held by Estonian film critics and journalists. In 1970 the movie sold 558000 tickets in Estonia (Total population 1.36 million) and 8100000 in the Soviet Union in 1971.
 Babes in Toyland is a 1997 American animated musical film based on the original story. The animated feature stars Joseph Ashton Lacey Chabert Raphael Sbarge Cathy Cavadini Christopher Plummer and Charles Nelson Reilly.
 The Devil's Daughter (Italian title: La Setta) also known as The Sect and Demons 4 is a 1991 Italian horror film co-written and produced by Dario Argento and directed by Michele Soavi. The film stars Kelly Curtis and Herbert Lom.
 The Man in the Silk Hat (French: L'homme au chapeau de soie) is a 1983 French documentary film about the films of the French silent film star Max Linder directed by his daughter Maud Linder. It was screened out of competition at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Easter Bunny Kill! Kill! is a 2006 horror film written and directed by Chad Ferrin.
 The House That Jack Built is a 1900 British short silent drama film directed by George Albert Smith featuring a boy who knocks over a house made of bricks built by his sister and then rebuilds it when the original sequence is shown in reverse.
 The Purge: Anarchy is an upcoming American horror-thriller film directed and written by James DeMonaco. It is the sequel to 2013 film The Purge and stars Frank Grillo Zach Gilford Kiele Sanchez Michael K. Williams Carmen Ejogo and Billy Parker. It is set for a July 18 2014 release date worldwide.
 Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania is a 1971–72 documentary film by Jonas Mekas. It revolves around Mekas' trip back to Semeniškiai the village of his birth. In 2006 the film was selected to the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for its cultural aesthetic or historical significance.
 Hamam (Italian: Il bagno turco also known as Steam: The Turkish Bath) is a 1997 Italian-Turkish-Spanish film directed by Ferzan Özpetek about the powerful transformations certain places can cause in people.
 Priya O Priya is a 1997 Tollywood film starring Abbas Simran and Naveen in lead roles. It was dubbed in Tamil as Ithuthan Kadhal. It is a remake of the 1994 Bollywood film Yeh Dillagi.
 First Offenders is a 1939 film starring Walter Abel Beverly Roberts and Iris Meredith.
 Like Minds is a feature film written and directed by Gregory J. Read. The film was produced by the South Australian Film Corporation. It debuted in Australia on 9 November 2006. The psychological thriller is the first Australian/UK co-production to be set in the UK in over a decade.[citation needed] Like Minds was retitled Murderous Intent for its 2007 U.S. DVD release. Ryan Brown of SESKU also revealed via Twitter in mid-2013 that he starred as an extra in this film.
 Bond Girls Are Forever is a 2002 James Bond documentary film hosted by actress Maryam d'Abo who had played the role of Kara Milovy in the 15th James Bond film The Living Daylights. It was accompanied by a 2003 book written by John Cork and d'Abo. The book is subtitled The Women of James Bond.
 Ulzana's Raid is a 1972 revisionist Western starring Burt Lancaster Richard Jaeckel Bruce Davison and Joaquin Martinez. The film which was filmed on location in Arizona was directed by Robert Aldrich based on a script by Alan Sharp.
 The Children of Sanchez is a 1978 American drama film based on the book and with the same title by Oscar Lewis. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford is a 1916 Australian silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo. It was Niblo's debut film as a director and is considered a lost film.
 The Kansan is a 1943 American film directed by George Archainbaud. The film is also known as Wagon Wheels in the United Kingdom.
 The Leather Saint is a 1956 film about a priest who boxes.
 Les Accords de Bella is a 2007 anthropological documentary film directed by David Constantin. It was selected by the African Film Festival of Cordoba - FCAT.
 The Dancers is a 1930 American talking film melodrama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and directed by Chandler Sprague. It is based on a 1923 Broadway play by Viola Tree and Gerald du Maurier.
 Tritiya Paksha (1931) is a Bengali short film directed by Amar Chowdhury. The film was made under Madan Theatres Ltd. banner.
 The Watcher Self is an upcoming British psychological thriller film written produced and directed by Matt Cruse about one woman's descent into hell.
 Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm is a 1938 American musical film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Shirley Temple Randolph Scott and Bill Robinson. The screenplay by Don Ettlinger and Karl Tunberg is loosely based on Kate Douglas Wiggin's novel Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm. The film tells the story of a talented orphan's trials and tribulations after winning a radio audition to represent a breakfast cereal.
 Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland known in Japan as simply Nemo is a 1989 Japanese/American animated feature film directed by Masami Hata and William T. Hurtz. Loosely based on the comic strip Little Nemo in Slumberland by Winsor McCay the film went through a lengthy development process with a number of screenwriters. Ultimately the screenplay was credited to Chris Columbus and Richard Outten; the storyline and art style differed from the original version.
 Bhairav is a 2001 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Om Puri Rituparna Sengupta and Puneet Issar
 Noi uomini duri is a 1987 Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.
 Jack and the Beanstalk is a 1902 American short film directed by George S. Fleming and Edwin S. Porter.
 Whisper of the Heart (耳をすませば Mimi o Sumaseba lit. If you listen closely) is a 1995 Japanese animated drama film directed by Yoshifumi Kondō and written by Hayao Miyazaki based on the 1989 manga of the same name by Aoi Hiiragi. The film stars Yoko Honna Issei Takahashi Takashi Tachibana Shigeru Muroi Shigeru Tsuyuguchi and Keiju Kobayashi.
 Horny House of Horror (ファッション·ヘル（ス） Fasshon heru(su)) is a 2010 Japanese horror parody film directed and written by Jun Tsugita. The film is about three men Nakazu (Yuya Ishikawa) Toshida (Wani Kansai) and Uno (Toushi Yanagi) who enter a brothel in Japan to allow Nakazu to have the experience paying for sex before his upcoming marriage.
 Kalyana Parisu (English: Wedding Gift) is a 1959 Indian Tamil romantic drama film produced and directed by C. V. Sridhar in his debut. The film stars Gemini Ganesan B. Saroja Devi and C. R. Vijaykumari in the lead roles while K. A. Thangavelu M. Saroja Akkineni Nageshwara Rao and M. N. Nambiar play supporting roles. A triangular love story the film is about a young man who rents a house near his girlfriend but the girl's elder sister is not aware of their romance.
 Heer Raanjha (Hindi: हीर रांझा Punjabi: ਹੀਰ ਰਾਂਝਾ Urdu: ہیر رانجھا‎) is a 1970 Hindi film produced by son Ketan Anand and directed by father Chetan Anand. The film stars Raaj Kumar Priya Rajvansh Pran Prithviraj Kapoor Ajit Jayant Sonia Sahni Kamini Kaushal Indrani Mukherjee Achla Sachdev and Tun Tun. The film's music is by Madan Mohan.The film is based on the legend of Heer Ranjha the epic poem or Heer by Punjabi poet Waris Shah written in 1766.
 Toʻylar muborak (Happy Wedding Day!) (Uzbek: Toʻylar muborak Тўйлар муборак) is a 1978 Uzbek comedy film directed by Edward Khachaturoff. The film stars the People's Artist of Uzbekistan Obid Yunusov and tells the story of a bridegroom who ends up helping many people in trouble on his wedding day and because of this barely makes it to his own wedding.
 Good Little Girls (French: Les Petites Filles modèles) is a 1971 French film directed by Jean-Claude Roy.The movie is a pastiche of Countess of Ségur's novel Les Petites Filles modèles matching comedy and erotism.
 Te Quiero (English: I love you) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as drama and romance. It was filmed in 1978 and released in 1979.
 Zeiten ändern dich (English: Times change you) is a German biographical film directed by Uli Edel and starring the German rapper Bushido Elyas M'Barek Moritz Bleibtreu Karoline Schuch Fler Kay One and Nyze. The film is based on Bushido's 2008 autobiography. The film premiered in Berlin on 3 February 2010.
 La Chinoise is a 1967 French political film directed by Jean-Luc Godard about young revolutionaries in Paris.
 Weekend (French: Week-end) is a 1967 black comedy film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard and starring Mireille Darc and Jean Yanne both of whom were mainstream French TV stars. Jean-Pierre Léaud iconic comic star of numerous French New Wave films including Truffaut's Les Quatre Cent Coups (The Four Hundred Blows) and Godard's earlier Masculin féminin also appears in two roles.
 Atman is a 1997 documentary film by Finnish director Pirjo Honkasalo about two Indian brothers on a pilgrimage. It is the final installment of Honkasalo's Trilogy of the Sacred and the Satanic preceded by Mysterion (1991) and Tanjuska and the 7 Devils (1993). Atman received the Joris Ivens Award at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam.
 James Tont operazione U.N.O. or Operation Goldsinger is a 1965 Italian spy film spoof based on James Bond directed by Bruno Corbucci. It was followed by James Tont operazione D.U.E..
 Virus is a 2007 unreleased Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Shankar starring Abhinay Sajitha Beti and Shankar himself. The film was critically acclaimed and had a premiere held at Kalabhavan theatre Thiruvananthapuram.
 Grandma Threading her Needle is a 1900 British short silent comedy film directed by George Albert Smith featuring a grandma trying to get a thread though a needle. The sole purpose of the single-shot film like the director's earlier Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer (1898) according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline is to record changing facial expressions for the purposes of entertainment.
 Across the Universe is a 2007 American musical romantic drama film directed by Julie Taymor produced by Revolution Studios and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The film's plot is centered on songs by The Beatles. The script is based on an original story credited to Taymor Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. It incorporates 34 compositions originally written by members of The Beatles.The film stars Jim Sturgess Evan Rachel Wood Joe Anderson and T.V.
 Burn Notice: The Fall of Sam Axe is a 2011 American television film based on the USA Network television series Burn Notice. It was the first official Burn Notice spin-off and was directed by Jeffrey Donovan. The show was broadcast in the United States on April 17 2011 on the U.S. television network USA Network. The film while not an episode of the show introduced plot elements for the show's fifth season.
 Road to Paloma is an upcoming American drama thriller film directed procuced co-written by and starring Jason Momoa.. It co-stars Sarah Shahi Lisa Bonet Michael Raymond-James and Wes Studi. The film will be released on July 11 2014.
 The Unfrocked One (French: Le Défroqué) is a 1954 French drama film directed by Léo Joannon. At the 4th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Bronze Berlin Bear award.
 Red Dragonflies is a Singapore film directed by Liao Jiekai. It was released in Singapore cinemas on 5 May 2011.
 Universal Soldier II: Brothers in Arms is a 1998 direct-to-video science fiction film sequel to the 1992 film Universal Soldier. Despite featuring the same characters as the original the film features none of the original cast or crew. It was followed the same year with by Universal Soldier III: Unfinished Business. They were actually made as a miniseries meant as for a potential TV series.
 Painful Maturity (Hangul: 아픈 성숙; RR: Ap'eun seongsuk) is 1980 South Korean melodrama film directed by Park Chul-soo.
 American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile is a 2006 American teen comedy film released by Universal Pictures. The film is the second spin-off to the American Pie film series and begins a story arc that continues and concludes with American Pie Presents: Beta House (2007).
 In Shifting Sands: The Truth About Unscom and the Disarming of Iraq is a 2001 documentary by Scott Ritter that discusses the UNSCOM inspections in Iraq. Ritter was a chief United Nations weapons inspector in Iraq from 1991 to 1998. These inspections were in search of weapons of mass destruction during the later years of the regime of Saddam Hussein.The film was completed and distributed for theatrical release prior to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is a 1967 British film directed by Jeremy Summers starring Christopher Lee Tony Ferrer Douglas Wilmer and Tsai Chin. It was the third British/German Constantin Film co-production of the Fu Manchu series and the first to be filmed in Hong Kong.
 Bhai Ho To Aisa is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Manmohan Desai. The film stars Jeetendra Hema Malini Shatrughan Sinha. The film had music by the composer duo Sonik-Omi and lyrics by Sahir Ludhiyanvi. The film was a hit at the box office.
 Home Fries is a 1998 film directed by Dean Parisot starring Drew Barrymore Luke Wilson and Jake Busey. The script was originally penned by writer Vince Gilligan for a film class at New York University. It was filmed in Lockhart Taylor Texas and Bastrop Texas.
 The Vanishing Shadow (1934) is a Universal film serial.
 Sapoot (English: Worthy Son) is 1996 Hindi action movie directed by Jagdish A. Sharma and starring Akshay Kumar Karishma Kapoor Suniel Shetty Sonali Bendre. Other cast members include Kader Khan Prem Chopra Johnny Lever Kiran Kumar Avtar Gill Mukesh Rishi Shalini Kapoor Jeetu Verma Mahavir Shah.
 Meenaxi: A Tale of Three Cities (or Meenaxi) is a 2005 Hindi film directed by M.F. Husain and starring Tabu Kunal Kapoor and Raghuvir Yadav. The film centers on Hyderabad novelist Nawab (Yadav) who is suffering from writer's block. After five years and no stories Nawab comes across an unconventional muse Meenaxi (Tabu). The three cities referred to in the title are Hyderabad Jaisalmer and Prague.
 My Eye for a Camera (French: Mon oeil pour une caméra) is a 2001 autofiction movie by Quebec film director Denys Desjardins. This length feature is produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
 Red Dust (Croatian: Crvena prašina) is a 1999 Croatian film directed by Zrinko Ogresta. It was Croatia's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Takhan Teish (2010) is the second feature film of Atanu Ghosh which was premiered at the 6th Osaka International Film Festival Japan.
 Devdas is a 1935 Bengali film directed by Pramathesh Barua and based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novella Devdas. It stars Barua himself as Devdas and Jamuna Barua as Parvati (Paro) and Chandrabati Devi as Chandramukhi.
 La Vie à deux French: Life for two is a French comedy film from 1958 directed by Clément Duhour written by Clément Duhour starring Pierre Brasseur and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles: Life As a Couple (international English title) Life Together (UK) Das Leben zu zweit (West Germany).
 Lovers and Luggers is a 1937 adventure melodrama about a pianist (Lloyd Hughes) who goes to Thursday Island to retrieve a valuable pearl. It was retitled Vengeance of the Deep in the USA and United Kingdom.
 No End in Sight is a 2007 documentary film about the American occupation of Iraq. The film marks the directorial debut of Academy Award-winning documentary film producer Charles H. Ferguson. The film premiered January 22 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. The film opened in limited release in the United States on July 27 2007 playing in two theaters. As of December 2007 the film had grossed $1.4 million and had been released on DVD.
 Oily to Bed Oily to Rise is the 42nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Cazuza – O Tempo Não Pára (Cazuza - Time Doesn't Stop) is a 2004 Brazilian movie about the life of singer Cazuza. The film is directed by Walter Carvalho and Sandra Werneck. It stars Daniel de Oliveira as Cazuza. The film is based on the book by Cazuza's mother Lucia Araujo. Cazuza - O Tempo Não Pára won a best actor award from the São Paulo Association of Art Critics Awards.The movie was one of the most successful of the year in Brazil.
 Yeh Dil Aap ka Huwa (Urdu: یہ دِل آپ کا ہوا‎) is a 2002 Lollywood Urdu film starring Sana Moammar Rana and Saleem Sheikh among others. It was directed by Javed Sheikh and ran successfully in theaters across Pakistan. The film's soundtrack composed by Amjad Bobby was also released. The film won 8 Nigar Awards in 2002.
 Men of the Sea (Baltiytsy) is a 1938 Soviet film directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer.
 Kiss Me Deadly is a 1955 film noir drama produced and directed by Robert Aldrich starring Ralph Meeker. The screenplay was written by A.I. Bezzerides based on the Mickey Spillane Mike Hammer mystery novel Kiss Me Deadly. Kiss Me Deadly is often considered a classic of the noir genre. The film grossed $726000 in the United States and a total of $226000 overseas.
 Swing High Swing Low is a 1937 American romantic drama starring Carole Lombard and Fred MacMurray.This is the second film adaptation after The Dance of Life (1929) and before When My Baby Smiles at Me (1948) of the popular Broadway play Burlesque by George Manker Watters and Arthur Hopkins.
 A Woman of No Importance is a 1921 British drama film directed by Denison Clift. It is based on the play A Woman of No Importance by Oscar Wilde.
 The Call of Cthulhu is a 2005 independent silent film adaptation of the H. P. Lovecraft short story The Call of Cthulhu produced by Sean Branney and Andrew Leman and distributed by the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society. It is the first film adaptation of the famous Lovecraft story and uses Mythoscope a blend of vintage and modern filming techniques intended to produce the look of a 1920s-era film. The film has a length of a featurette.
 Little Boy Lost is a 1978 Australian drama film starring Nathan Dawes as Stephen Walls John Hargreaves as Jacko Walls Lorna Lesley as Dorrie Walls Tony Barry as Constable O'Dea and Steve Dodd as William Stanley the Aboriginal tracker.Johnny Ashcroft and Gay Kayler performed the vocals on the movie sound track also a specially recorded version of the Little Boy Lost hit song which is played at the end of the film.Scenes were shot on location in Guyra Tubbumurra and Narrabeen New South Wales Australia.The World Premiere was held in Armidale New South Wales. 
 Sweedie Goes to College is a 1915 silent comedy film directed by Richard Foster Baker and featuring Gloria Swanson.
 T-Rex: Back to the Cretaceous is a 1998 edu-tainment feature filmed for the IMAX 3D format. The film is directed by Brett Leonard renowned for his computer-generated imagery special effects productions. Executive producer/co-writer Andrew Gellis and producers Antoine Compin and Charis Horton also make up the production team. Actors Liz Stauber and Peter Horton star alongside Kari Coleman Tuck Milligan and Laurie Murdoch.
 Los Chicos crecen is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Thank You Mr. Moto (1937) is the second in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. It was based on the novel of the same name by the detective's creator John P. Marquand. Mr. Moto battles murderous treasure hunters for priceless ancient scrolls which reveal the location of the long-lost tomb of Genghis Khan.
 Modern Female Ninja: Flesh Hell (現代くノ一肉地獄 Gendai Kunoichi Niku Jigoku) aka Inferno of the Flesh is a 1968 Japanese pink film directed by Kan Mukai. It is in the part-color format which was used in pink films in the late 1960s and early 1970s before full-color was made standard with the introduction of Nikkatsu's Roman porno series.
 Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer is a 2007 American documentary film about the jazz singer Anita O'Day. The documentary was directed and produced by Robbie Cavolina and Ian McCrudden. The documentary premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2007 and had a limited release on August 15 2008. It was nominated for Best Long Form Music Video at 52nd Grammy Awards.
 Still Breathing is a 1998 drama feature film starring Brendan Fraser and Joanna Going. Con artist Rosalyn Willoughby (Going) in Hollywood and puppeteer Fletcher McBracken (Fraser) in San Antonio have the same dream which links them to each other. He travels to L.A. to find her but at first she resists him. The film is set in Los Angeles California San Antonio and San Marcos Texas.
 Bade Miyan Chote Miyan (Hindi: बड़े मियाँ छोटे मियाँ; literally translated to Big Brother Small Brother in English) is a 1998 Bollywood action comedy film starring Amitabh Bachchan in a double role Govinda in a double role Anupam Kher Ramya Krishnan and Raveena Tandon. Directed by David Dhawan it was released in the Diwali of 1998 along with Kuch Kuch Hota Hai.
 Torino nera (internationally released as Black Turin) is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Carlo Lizzani. The film received mixed reviews but was commercially successful.
 Adventures Into Digital Comics is a documentary by Sébastien Dumesnil about the fall of the comic book industry in the 1990s and the emergence of webcomics since then. The film features interviews with various comic book and webcomic artists and authors.
 At the Bar (Turkish: Barda) is a 2007 Turkish horror film written and directed by Serdar Akar based on a real life event that happened in Ankara Turkey in 1997 featuring Nejat İşler as the head of a gang which brutalises murders and rapes a group of young friends. The film which went on general release across the country on February 2 2007 (2007-02-02) was shown in competition at the 26th Istanbul International Film Festival and marketed as the most violent Turkish film ever made.
 Street Angel is a 1928 silent film directed by Frank Borzage about a spirited young woman (Janet Gaynor) who finds herself involved in illegal ways of gaining money to help pay for her ill mother's medicine. She is caught in the act runs away from punishment and finds her mother dead. Destitute and on the streets she joins a traveling carnival where she meets a vagabond painter (Charles Farrell). Though they fall in love her past won't leave her alone... The movie was adapted by H.H.
 U 47 – Kapitänleutnant Prien (English: U 47 – Lieutenant Commander Prien) is a 1958 black-and-white German war film portraying the combat career of Kriegsmarine World War II U-boat captain Günther Prien commander of German submarine U-47. It stars Dieter Eppler and Sabine Sesselmann and was directed by Harald Reinl.
 She Gods of Shark Reef is a 1958 B-adventure film directed by Roger Corman that was filmed on location in Kaua'i back to back with Thunder over Hawaii.
 Daniele Cortis (also known as Elena) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Vittorio Gassman Sarah Churchill and Gino Cervi. The film depicts the breakdown of an unhappy marriage in Nineteenth century Italy. It is an adaptation of the 1885 novel of the same title by Antonio Fogazzaro
 Telstar: The Joe Meek Story is a 2008 film adaptation of James Hicks' and Nick Moran's play Telstar about record producer Joe Meek which opened at the New Ambassadors Theatre in London’s West End in June 2005. The film is directed by Nick Moran and stars Con O'Neill who also played Joe Meek in the original play while Kevin Spacey plays Meek's business partner Major Wilfred Banks.
 Ultraman Saga (ウルトラマンサーガ Urutoraman Sāga) is a Japanese tokusatsu film and Kaiju film in the Ultra Series to celebrate the franchise's 45th anniversary. It serves as a sequel to Ultraman Zero: The Revenge of Belial. The catchphrase for the movie is We Still Have Glittering Hope!! (僕らにはまだ、輝く希望がある!! Bokura ni wa Mada Kagayaku Kibō ga Aru!!).
 Tyrannens fald is a 1942 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Bad Boys is a 1983 American crime drama film primarily set in a juvenile detention center starring Sean Penn Esai Morales Clancy Brown and Ally Sheedy in her film debut. The film is directed by Rick Rosenthal. The original music score was composed by Bill Conti.
 Foxcatcher is an upcoming American drama film directed by Bennett Miller and starring Steve Carell Channing Tatum and Mark Ruffalo. The screenplay was written by E. Max Frye and Dan Futterman based on Olympic wrestling gold medalist Mark Schultz's autobiography. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Inheritance is a Scottish road movie following 2 brothers journeying north to find their late father’s inheritance. Made by Lyre Productions the film was shot for just £5000 and filmed over the course of 11 days in February 2007. It is the debut feature film from director Charles-Henri Belleville and stars Fraser Sivewright Tim Barrow Tom Hardy and Imogen Toner.
 Beck – Mannen utan ansikte is a 2001 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell.
 Down on the Farm is a 1920 silent film feature length rural comedy produced by Mack Sennett and starring Louise Fazenda and Harry Gribbon. Copies survive at both the Library of Congress and reputedly Gosfilmofond Russian State Archive.
 Find the Lady is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Roland Grillette and starring Jack Melford Althea Henley and George Sanders. Its plot involves an American confidence trickster who pretends to be a spiritual healer. The film was made at Wembley Studios by the British subsidiary of 20th Century Fox. The sets were designed by art director William Hemsley.
 Anna Karamazoff is a 1991 Soviet drama film directed by Rustam Khamdamov. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Wonders of Aladdin (Italian: Le meraviglie di Aladino) is a 1961 Italian fantasy film directed by Mario Bava and Henry Levin and presented by Joseph E. Levine for MGM. The film stars Donald O'Connor as the title character. At this time O'Connor was reaching the decline of his career after many years of fame.
 The Call of the Traumerei is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Jacques Jaccard and Lorimer Johnston. The film stars Charlotte Burton Sydney Ayres Caroline Cooke Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Harry Van Meter.
 The Legacy is a 1978 British-American horror film directed by Richard Marquand and starring Katharine Ross Sam Elliott and The Who's Roger Daltrey.
 You'll Like My Mother is a 1972 film based on the Naomi A. Hintze novel and directed by Lamont Johnson. It stars Patty Duke Rosemary Murphy and Richard Thomas and was filmed in Duluth Minnesota at the Glensheen Historic Estate. In 1977 the Glensheen Mansion became the site of the infamous murders of mansion owner and prominent heiress Elisabeth Congdon and her nurse.
 Jane Eyre is an American film adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name released by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by William Goetz Kenneth Macgowan and Orson Welles (uncredited). The film stars Welles and Joan Fontaine.
 Tokyo Species (TOKYOスピーシーズ) is a 2012 Japanese erotic horror V-cinema release directed by Nozomu Kasagi and starring AV Idol Maria Ozawa. It was described by critics as a low-budget version of the 1995 American film Species.
 Won in a Closet (1914) is a black-and-white one-reel comedy film notable as the first film directed by Mabel Normand.
 The Four Diamonds is a fantasy themed allegorical short story written by Chris Millard in 1972 shortly before succumbing to cancer at the age of 14. After returning from summer vacation his teacher told Chris' class to write a story about what they did during their vacation. Chris had spent the summer being treated for his illness and asked his teacher if he could write something else to which she agreed.
 L'amour à mort (English: Love Unto Death) is a 1984 film directed by Alain Resnais.The film was shot in Uzès Gard in the south of France.
 The Lineup is a 1958 American film version of the police procedural series that ran on CBS radio from 1950-1953 and on CBS television from 1954-1960 directed by Don Siegel. The film has a number of scenes shot on location in San Francisco during the late 1950s including shots of the Embarcadero Freeway (then still under construction) and the Sutro Baths.
 Jaguar Lives! is a 1979 Spanish-American action film directed by Ernest Pintoff and starring Joe Lewis Christopher Lee Donald Pleasence and Barbara Bach. A secret agent battles an international drugs ring.
 The Void is a 2001 American direct-to-DVD science-fiction thriller film which follows a scientist who has discovered that a man who's been attempting to solve an energy crisis has inadvertently created a black hole which unless stopped will swallow the world.The film features Amanda Tapping as Prof. Eva Soderstrom Adrian Paul as Prof. Steven Price and Malcolm McDowell as Dr. Thomas Abernathy. Principal photography was completed in British Columbia Canada.
 Speaking of Animals and Their Families is a 1942 American short comedy film directed by Robert Carlisle and Jerry Fairbanks. It won an Academy Award in 1943 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 The Gay Deceiver was a 1926 film directed by John M. Stahl. The film stars Lew Cody and Carmel Myers. The film is considered lost.
 Made in Ash (Slovak: Až do mesta Aš) is a 2012 Slovak drama film directed by Iveta Grófová. The film was selected as the Slovak entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Libby Montana is a 2004 documentary film about the biggest case of community-wide exposure to a toxic substance in U.S. history. The film details the story of the iconic mountainside town of Libby Montana and the hundreds of residents who have been exposed to asbestos raising questions of the role of corporate power in American politics.Libby Montana was directed produced and edited by Drury Gunn Carr and Doug Hawes-Davis and was aired as part of PBS's Point of View series in 2007.
 Martha & Ethel is a 1994 documentary film directed by Jyll Johnstone. It premiered at the 1994 Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. It was subsequently nominated for a Directors Guild of America award losing to Steve James for Hoop Dreams. The film was distributed in theaters by Sony Pictures Classics and on home video by Columbia TriStar Home Video.
 Jassy was a 1947 British film melodrama based on a novel by Norah Lofts. It was a Gainsborough melodrama the only one to be made in Technicolor.
 Heart of the Wilds is a lost 1918 silent film drama directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Elsie Ferguson. The story is from Gilbert Parker which Edgar Selwyn based his play Pierre of the Plains on. Ferguson had become a star in 1908 in Selwyn's Broadway play.
 Eyewitness is a 1999 American short documentary film directed by Bert Van Bork. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. The explored the lives of three artists forced to work in secret while living in Nazi death camps: Jan Komski Dinah Gottliebova and Felix Nussbaum and who witnessed and painted the horrors of the Holocaust.
 Woman on the Run is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Norman Foster and featuring Ann Sheridan Dennis O'Keefe Robert Keith and Ross Elliott.
 Angry Guest or E ke is a 1972 Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh from Hong Kong starring David Chiang and Ti Lung it is a sequel to Duel of Fists.
 Gli occhiali d'oro (internationally released as The Gold Rimmed Glasses) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Montaldo starring Philippe Noiret Rupert Everett and Valeria Golino. Set in Ferrara and in a nearby seaside resort in 1938 the plot follows a Jewish student and a homosexual doctor who suffer persecution in Fascist Italy.
 Take Out is a 2007 short film (thriller) written by Screenwriter and Producer Bill Hall with Jonathan Budine as the Director Producer and Editor. The short introduces Mary Ann Emerson appearing in her first lead role and includes veteran New York City actor Alexis Suarez. Scream Queen Debbie Rochon also appears in a cameo role. Take Out features the cinematography of Bud Hayman and Production Design of Jim Welsh who also co-produced as well as original music composed by Ray Nissen.
 The Last Days of Dolwyn (renamed Women of Dolwyn for the American market) is a 1949 British drama film directed by Russell Lloyd and Emlyn Williams and starring Edith Evans Emlyn Williams Richard Burton and Anthony James. A Welshman who has done well in London returns home planning to flood the village he grew up in—setting up a conflict between residents who are spiritually attached to the place and the values of the majority for whom money is a more persuasive force.
 Once More My Darling is a 1949 American comedy film directed by and starring Robert Montgomery. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Sound Recording (Leslie I. Carey).
 Zomerhitte (Summer Heat) is a 2008 film directed by Monique van de Ven. Her first feature-length film it is based on the 2005 book-week giveaway novella by Jan Wolkers. Wolkers who died while the film was in post-production also authored the story for van de Ven's first film as an actress Turkish Delight (1973).
 Vanna Thamizh Paatu (English: Colourful Tamil song) is a 2000 Tamil romantic drama film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Prabhu débutantes Vaijayanthi and Manichandhana in lead roles. The film produced by M. Krishnaswamy had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 17 November 2000. The film received mixed reviews
 Purple Hearts is a 1984 war film directed by Sidney J. Furie starring Ken Wahl and Cheryl Ladd. A Navy surgeon and a Navy nurse fall in love while serving in Vietnam during the war. Their affection for one another provides a striking contrast to the violence of warfare.
 Pyaas is a Bollywood film directed by Ram Daryani and released in 1941.
 The Missionary is an upcoming American drama television film directed by Baltasar Kormákur and written by Charles Randolph and Malcolm Gladwell. The film stars Benjamin Walker Jesse Plemons Anna Rust Saskia Rosendahl Lior Ashkenazi and Gayle Rankin.
 This page is about the Indian Bollywood film. You may be looking for the popular Indian drama Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai  also commonly referred to as simply Bidaai .Bidaai is a 1974 Bollywood film produced and directed by L. V. Prasad. It stars Jeetendra Leena Chandavarkar Madan Puri A. K. Hangal Asrani Durga Khote and Jagdeep. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Vyabari is a 2007 Tamil drama film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram. Produced by Shakti Chidambaram the film S. J. Suryah Tamanna Bhatia and Vadivelu. This film is based on the film Multiplicity.
 Dragon Boys (Chinese: 龍在他鄉) is a CBC Television (CBC) miniseries starring Eric Tsang Byron Mann Lawrence Chou Tzi Ma Lauren Lee Smith Steph Song Darryl Quon Christina Ma Jean Yoon Simon Wong and Chang Tseng. It aired on CBC on January 7 and 8 of 2007.
 Het Mysterie van de Mondscheinsonate is a 1935 Dutch mystery film directed by Kurt Gerron.
 Krishnan Love Story (Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣನ್ ಲವ್ ಸ್ಟೋರಿ) is a 2010 Kannada Action Drama film directed by Shashank and starring Ajay Rao Radhika Pandit Umashri Achuth Kumar Sharan Pradeep Harsha Chandra. The music of this film is composed by Sridhar V Sambhram.
 Annamayya is a 1997 Telugu devotional biographical film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao starring Akkineni Nagarjuna Ramya Krishnan Mohan Babu and Roja. It is the cinematic of life of 15th century composer Annamacharya. This film was critically acclaimed and bagged eight Nandi Awards and two National Film Awards.
 The Owl vs Bombo (Chinese: 貓頭鷹與小飛象) is a 1984 Hong Kong action comedy directed by Sammo Hung and starring Hung George Lam and Deannie Ip.It is known in some releases as The Owl vs Bumbo and The Owl and Dumbo.
 Kiki is a 1931 romantic comedy starring Mary Pickford and Reginald Denny directed by Sam Taylor. The film is a remake of the 1926 version starring Norma Talmadge.
 Moonwalker also known as Michael Jackson: Moonwalker is an American anthology film released in 1988 by singer Michael Jackson.Rather than featuring one continuous narrative the film is a collection of short films about Jackson several of which are long-form music videos from Jackson's Bad album. The film is named after the dance technique known as the moonwalk which was one of his trademark moves.
 The Last Supper is a 2012 Chinese historical film directed by Lu Chuan. The plot is based on events in the Chu–Han Contention an interregnum between the fall of the Qin Dynasty and the founding of the Han Dynasty. The film was originally scheduled to be released on 5 July 2012 but was delayed. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on 8 September 2012.
 I Do Bidoo Bidoo: Heto nAPO Sila! is a 2012 Filipino musical romantic-comedy film starring singers Sam Concepcion Ogie Alcasid Gary Valenciano Zsa Zsa Padilla comedienne Eugene Domingo and introducing new actress Tippy Dos Santos. The film is produced by Unitel in partnership with Studio 5 and had a regular showing on August 29 2012.
 Saadhanai (English: Achievement) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film directed by A. S. Pragasam starring Sivaji Ganesan his son Prabhu Ganesan K. R. Vijaya and Nalini in primary roles.
 Ko Ante Koti (Telugu: కో అంటే కోటి ) is a 2012 released Telugu film Starring Sharwanand Priya Anand and Sri Hari in the lead roles. Directed by Anish Kuruvilla and produced by Sharwanand himself under Sarvaa Arts.
 Arrête ton char... bidasse! is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Michel Gérard.
 Alive in the Deep is a 1941 American short documentary film directed by Stacy Woodard and Horace Woodard. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Nanda Loves Nanditha (Kannada: ನಂದ ಲವ್ಸ್ ನಂದಿತ) is a Kannada film directed by B. N. Vijayakumar and released on 14 March 2008. Yogesh played the lead role while Swetha played the female lead. This movie was produced by Ramesh Kashyap under Simadhri Productions with music composed by Emil.
 Hunting Elephants (Hebrew: לצוד פילים‎ Latzud Pilim lit. To Hunt Elephants) is a 2013 Israeli crime comedy film directed by Reshef Levi. It stars among others Sasson Gabai Moni Moshonov and Patrick Stewart. It was released to theaters in Israel on July 4 2013.The plot centers around Jonathan (Gil Blank) a 12 year old boy who with his grandfather and two others attempts to rob the bank where his deceased father had worked. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
 Juha is a 1999 Finnish film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki. The film is loosely based on a famous 1911 novel by the Finnish author Juhani Aho marking this as the fourth time the novel was adapted for the screen. The original story takes place in the 18th century but Kaurismäki's remake is set in the 1970s. It tells the story of a love triangle where a simple peasant woman leaves her husband after falling in love with a modern city slicker.
 The Gold Diggers (1923) is a Warner Bros. silent film directed by Harry Beaumont with screenplay by Grant Carpenter based on the play of the same name by Avery Hopwood which ran for 282 performances on Broadway in 1919 and 1920. Both the play and the film were produced by David Belasco. The film stars Hope Hampton Wyndham Standing and Louise Fazenda.
 The Subject Was Roses is a 1968 American drama film directed by Ulu Grosbard. The screenplay by Frank D. Gilroy is based on his 1964 Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same title.The film stars Patricia Neal Martin Sheen and Jack Albertson. Albertson won an Academy Award for his performance.
 The Quiet American is a 1958 American film and the first film adaptation of Graham Greene's bestselling novel of the same name and the first major American attempt to deal with the geo-politics of Indochina. It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and stars Audie Murphy Michael Redgrave and Giorgia Moll.
 Agneekaal is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed by Abbas-Mustan and produced by Ranjit Harma. The film stars Raj Babbar Jeetendra Madhavi and Sonu Walia.
 Rani Maharani is a Kannada language film directed by B Ramamurthy. The film was released in 1990. The music and lyrics was composed by Hamsalekha. The film was a romantic comedy which was a remake of Hindi film Seeta Aur Geeta and was successful at the box-office.
 Witchblade is a made-for-television live-action superhero film adapted from the cult comic book by Marc Silvestri and Top Cow Productions. Set in contemporary New York City the occult police drama centers on Sara Pezzini (Yancy Butler) a brooding and willful homicide detective who is the reluctant inheritor of an ancient symbiotic weapon that grants her superhuman powers. Witchblade was produced by Top Cow Productions Inc. and Halsted Pictures in association with Warner Bros. Television.
 Maxed Out: Hard Times Easy Credit and the Era of Predatory Lenders (2006) is an independent feature-length documentary film and (2007) book that chronicles abusive practices in the credit card industry.Written and directed by James Scurlock the film and book use interviews with creditors debtors academics and others to illustrate its story.
 The Newer Way is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 White Eagle is a 1922 American Western film serial directed by Fred Jackman and W. S. Van Dyke. The film is considered to be lost.
 Red Lion (赤毛 Akage) is a 1969 Japanese film directed by Kihachi Okamoto and starring Toshirō Mifune and Shima Iwashita.
 Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life is a 2010 live-action/animated short film about the fictional adventures of Maurice Sendak's pet dog Jennie based on his 1967 children's book of the same name. It is directed by Chris Lavis and Maciek Szczerbowski collectively known as Clyde Henry Productions and features the voices of Meryl Streep Forest Whitaker and Spike Jonze. Jonze also served as producer along with Vincent Landay and Marcy Page.
 First Invasion: The War of 1812 was a documentary produced by the History Channel which aired on September 11 2004. As the name suggests the documentary was about the American War of 1812 when the American's fought the British for the first time since the American Revolutionary War.
 Revolution '67 is a 2007 documentary film about the black rebellions of the 1960s. With the philosophy of nonviolence giving way to the Black Power Movement race riots were breaking out in Jersey City Harlem and Watts Los Angeles. In 1967 black Newark taxi driver John Smith was arrested for a traffic violation and allegedly beaten and killed.
 Taxi! Taxi! (simplified Chinese: 德士当家; traditional Chinese: 德士當家; pinyin: dé shì dāngjiā) is a 2013 Singaporean comedy film based on the 2010 work Diary Of A Taxi Driver by Cai Mingjie said to be Singapore's most well-educated taxi-driver. Directed by Kelvin Sng and produced by Chan Pui Yin for SIMF Management the film stars Mark Lee Gurmit Singh and YouTube personality Chua Jin Sen better known by his online handle Dr. Jia Jia. It is Chua's professional film debut.
 Hawking is a BBC television film about Stephen Hawking's early years as a PhD student at Cambridge University following his search for the beginning of time and his courageous struggle against motor neuron disease. It stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Hawking and was premiered in the UK in April 2004.The film received acclaim with critics particularly lauding Cumberbatch's performance as Hawking. It was nominated for Best Single Drama in the BAFTA TV Award in 2005.
 Half Moon (Kurdish: Nîwe Mang/Nîvê Heyvê) is a 2006 film written and directed by the Iranian Kurdish filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi. Half Moon is a joint production of Iran Austria France and Iraq. This movie was commissioned by the New Crowned Hope festival a celebration of the 250th birthday of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the story plot has been inspired in part by Mozart's Requiem.
 Jolly Roger: Massacre at Cutter's Cove is a 2005 horror film by The Asylum written by Gary Jones and Jeffrey Miller and directed by Jones and starring Rhett Giles as Jolly Roger.
 Annigoni: Portrait of an Artist is a 1995 documentary film about the life and times of Italian portrait painter Pietro Annigoni.
 Green Fire is a 1954 MGM movie directed by Andrew Marton and produced by Armand Deutsch with original music by Miklós Rózsa. It stars Grace Kelly Stewart Granger Paul Douglas and John Ericson.
 Casey of the Coast Guard was a 1926 American silent action film serial released in ten chapters. Directed by William Nigh and written by Lewis Allen Browne. The film is now presumed lost.
 Listen to the Lion is a 1977 short feature from Australia.
 Marion Bridge is a 2002 Canadian film directed by Wiebke von Carolsfeld. It was selected as the Best Canadian First Feature Film at the 2002 Toronto International Film Festival. Based on a play by Daniel MacIvor.
 The Leg Fighters (Chinese title: 南北腿王) also released as The Invincible Kung Fu Legs is an independently released 1980 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Lee Tso-Nam and starring Tao-liang Tan and Ha Kwong-Li.
 Crips and Bloods: Made in America is a documentary by Stacy Peralta discussing the unique circumstances and factors that led to the creation of Crips and Bloods two of the most violent[citation needed] gangs in all of United States history. The documentary goes beyond the general background of and discusses the external factors that fueled the African American youth to turn to gangs. It also raises many questions regarding the government responses/lack thereof to such minority conflict.
 Singaporenalli Raja Kulla (Kannada: ಸಿಂಗಾಪೂರ್‌ನಲ್ಲಿ ರಾಜಾ ಕುಳ್ಳ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada language full-scale action-suspense-drama film directed by C. V. Rajendran starring Vishnuvardhan Manjula Dwarkish Lokanath and Thoogudeepa Srinivas in pivotal roles. It was the first Kannada film film to be filmed outside India.
 The Edge (Russian: Край translit. Kray) is a 2010 Russian drama film directed by Alexei Uchitel. The film was nominated for the 2010 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film and was also selected as the Russian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.Samuel Goldwyn Films has acquired all U.S. rights to The Edge which was negotiated with Sergei Bespalov president of Sunrise Films.
 A view from the Eiffel tower (Montenegrin: Pogled sa Ajfelovog tornja) is a Montenegrin 2005 drama film directed by Nikola Vukčević in 2005.
 Do or Die is a 1921 American film serial directed by J. P. McGowan. The film is considered to be lost.
 Guilty of Treason is a 1950 American drama film directed by Felix E. Feist and starring Charles Bickford Bonita Granville and Paul Kelly. Also known by the alternative title Treason it is an anti-communist and anti-Soviet film about the story of József Mindszenty a Roman Catholic cardinal from Hungary. Mindszenty spoke out against the Nazi occupation of his country during World War II as well as the later Communist regime.
 My Friend from Faro (German: Mein Freund aus Faro) is 2008 German film. It marks the directorial debut of Nana Neul and stars the relatively unknown Anjorka Strechel.
 Las Dos culpas de Bettina is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Baboo Band Baaja is a Marathi film directed by debutante Rajesh Pinjani and produced by Nita Jadhav. The film tells the riveting tale of a father reluctant to educate his son a mother who fiercely believes in its liberatory value and the son who is caught in the crossfire. It stars Milind Shinde Mitalee Jagtap Varadkar and Vivek Chabukswar in the lead roles.
 Ghosthouse (Italian: La Casa 3) is the unofficial Italian sequel to Evil Dead II (released as La Casa 2 in Italy). The film was produced in 1988 by exploitation auteur Joe D'Amato and directed by veteran Umberto Lenzi. In Italy The Evil Dead was released under the title La Casa and Evil Dead II became La Casa II. These were followed by three films: La Casa 3 La Casa 4 and La Casa 5.
 The Last Knights is an upcoming action film starring Clive Owen and Morgan Freeman in the lead roles. It centers on a band of warriors who seek to avenge the loss of their master at the hands of a corrupt emperor.
 Quiet Please Murder is a 1943 drama directed by John Larkin starring George Sanders Gail Patrick and Richard Denning. Based on the short story Death Walks in Marble Halls by Lawrence G. Blochman that appeared in American Magazine (Sep 1942). The film is also known under the title Death from the Sanskrit.
 Acharya is an upcoming documentary film about A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami the founder of the Hare Krishna movement scheduled for release in September 2015 in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of Bhaktivedanta Swami's arrival in the United States. It is directed and produced by Yadubara Das and co-directed by Mukunda Michael Dewil.
 Sorcerer is a 1977 American existential thriller film directed and produced by William Friedkin and starring Roy Scheider Bruno Cremer Francisco Rabal and Amidou. The second adaptation of Georges Arnaud's 1950 French novel Le Salaire de la peur it has been widely considered a remake of the first adaptation; the 1953 film The Wages of Fear; however Friedkin himself has disagreed with this notion.
 Loosies (also known as Love Is Not a Crime) is a 2012 romantic comedy-drama film written and produced by Peter Facinelli and directed by Michael Corrente. The film stars Peter Facinelli Jaimie Alexander Michael Madsen Joe Pantoliano William Forsythe Christy Carlson Romano Glenn Ciano Vincent Gallo and Chad A. Verdi.
 Planet Terror is a 2007 American action horror science-fiction film written cinematographied scored co-edited produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez about a group of people attempting to survive an onslaught of zombie-like creatures as they feud with a military unit including a go-go dancer searching for a way to use her useless talents. The film a tribute to the zombie film genre stars Rose McGowan Freddy Rodriguez Josh Brolin Marley Shelton Naveen Andrews Michael Biehn Jeff Fahey Stacy Ferguson and Bruce Willis. 
 Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnula Pelli (Telugu: ఒక రాధ ఇద్దరు కృష్ణుల పెళ్ళి ) is a 2003 Telugu film directed by G.Nageswara Reddy and produced by DVV Danayya and J Bhagavan under Sri Balaji Creations. The film stars Srikanth Prabhu Deva and Namitha in the lead roles.
 Domenica (also known as Sunday) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Wilma Labate. It entered the Panorama section at the 51st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Valencia also known as The Love Song is a 1926 American silent romance film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki who came over from Paramount to direct and starring Mae Murray and featuring Boris Karloff in an uncredited role. Rumors of a surviving print persist. The film was a box office hit and the title song Valencia was the top song in the U.S. for the year.
 Blotto (1930) is a comedy film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 Child's Play 2 is a 1990 American horror film the sequel to Child's Play written by Don Mancini and directed by John Lafia (one of the original film's writers). It was released on November 9 1990 exactly two years after the first film was released. Veteran actors Gerrit Graham and BAFTA-winner Jenny Agutter star as Andy's foster parents. The film also stars Alex Vincent who returns as Andy Barclay; Christine Elise as Kyle; and Brad Dourif as the voice of Chucky.
 The Last Polka is a 1985 comedy television film and one of the first mockumentaries. It was written by and starred John Candy and Eugene Levy and directed by John Blanchard.The Last Polka follows the life careers and the final concert of Yosh (Candy) and Stan (Levy) Shmenge two brothers from the fictional country of Leutonia who become the biggest polka duo the world has ever seen.
 Roald Dahl's Esio Trot is a British comedy television film that is expected to be broadcast on BBC One in 2014. It is an adaptation of Roald Dahl's children's novel Esio Trot.
 From Prada to Nada is an American romantic comedy film directed by Angel Gracia and produced by Gary Gilbert Linda McDonough Gigi Pritzker and Chris Ranta. The plot was conceived from Jane Austen's Sense and Sensibility.
 The Passion of Darkly Noon is a 1995 film written and directed by Philip Ridley starring Brendan Fraser in the title role and co-starring Ashley Judd and Viggo Mortensen.
 Kaviratna Kalidasa (Kannada: ಕವಿರತ್ನ ಕಾಳಿದಾಸ) is a 1983 Kannada historical drama film based on the life of Kalidasa a renowned Classical Sanskrit writer of 4th Century A.D. whose name was extremely popular across Indian sub-continent. The film was written and directed by Renuka Sharma and produced by V. S. Govinda. The film starred Rajkumar portraying the title role of Kalidasa along with Jaya Pradha in the role of Vidyadhare and Srinivasa Murthy as Raja Bhoja.
 Tom and Jerry: Festival of Fun is a Warner Brothers video based on the TV series Tom and Jerry. It contains six episodes from the series and was released in 1992. It was one of the first videos that contained Tom and Jerry episodes that was released.
 The Ashes (Polish: Popioły) is a 1965 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival.
 Camille Rewinds (French: Camille redouble) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Noémie Lvovsky. The film was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Prix SACD. Moreau received a Magritte Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role.
 Midnight Special is an upcoming American science fiction film written and directed by Jeff Nichols. The film stars Adam Driver Michael Shannon Kirsten Dunst and Joel Edgerton. It is Nichols' fourth feature film and his first studio production.Nichols has described Midnight Special as a sci-fi chase film. He stated However absurd that sounds it’s more grounded than Mud. I really wanted to make a 1980s John Carpenter film like Starman. I love the way those films look.
 Lakeboat is a 2000 American drama film written by David Mamet and directed by Joe Mantegna and starring Charles Durning Peter Falk Denis Leary and Andy García.
 Death at a Funeral is a 2007 British comedy film directed by Frank Oz. The screenplay by Dean Craig focuses on a family attempting to resolve a variety of problems while attending the funeral of the patriarch.
 Westfront 1918 (German: Vier von der Infanterie) is a German film set mostly in the trenches of the Western Front during World War I. It was directed in 1930 by Georg Wilhelm Pabst from the novel Vier von der Infanterie by Ernst Johannsen and deals with the impact of the war on a group of infantrymen.
 Bendita seas is a 1956 Argentine film.A drama directed by Luis Mottura script by Eliseo Montaine and María Luz Regás based on the theater play by Alberto Novión. The movie was released on March 8 1956.
 The Man Who Came to Port (港へ来た男 Minato e kita otoko) is a 1952 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Game (Hindi: गेम) is a 2011 Hindi action thriller film directed by Abhinay Deo and produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani of Excel Entertainment. It stars Abhishek Bachchan Kangna Ranaut Sarah-Jane Dias Shahana Goswami Boman Irani and Jimmy Shergill among others.The film is a stylish action thriller and is shot at locations in Mumbai Samos Greece Istanbul London and Bangkok. It is said to be in the same type of genre as The Bourne Identity trilogy.
 Rififi in Amsterdam is a 1966 Dutch film directed by Giovanni Korporaal.
 Cover Story is an Hindi thriller film directed by Laurence Postma starring Anjum Nayar and Jackie Shroff. It is an official remake of the acclaimed Dutch film Interview directed by Theo Van Gogh in 2003 and second of remake first being Interview by Steve Buscemi in 2007.
 Khilaaf is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rajeev Nagpal and produced by Anil Tarika. It stars Madhuri Dixit and Chunkey Pandey in pivotal roles.
 The Other Side of Bonnie and Clyde is a 1968 docudrama film from Larry Buchanan.
 Sister Mary Explains It All is a 2001 satirical dark comedy film written by Christopher Durang and directed by Marshall Brickman. The film based upon Durang's 1979 play Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All For You and starring Diane Keaton in the title role premiered on the Showtime network.
 Virruddh... Family Comes First (English: Opposites) is a Hindi film released in 2005 directed by Mahesh Manjrekar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Sharmila Tagore Sanjay Dutt and John Abraham. Viruddh is one among relatively few Hindi films that is not a musical instead the soundtrack is primarily used as background.
 The Big Cage is a 1933 circus film released by Universal Pictures starring Clyde Beatty and Anita Page and featuring Raymond Hatton Wallace Ford Andy Devine and Mickey Rooney with Walter Brennan and Louise Beavers in bit roles.The movie was the film debut of Beatty whose skills as a lion tamer in circuses had brought him fame since his late teens and made him a national celebrity. Beatty as in his three subsequent films plays a fictionalized version of himself also named Clyde Beatty.
 Scream of the Demon Lover is a Spanish-Italian horror film. Roger Corman bought it for his New World Pictures to put on a double bill with The Velvet Vampire. The original title was Ivanna.
 Lab Rats is a 2009 romantic comedy short film directed by Sam Washington. The film won the Starfish Award at the Moondance International Film Festival in 2011.In 2013 Lab Rats was licensed by Frostbite Pictures for development as an internet web-series. After completion but before distribution the series won a Best Series award at LA Web Series Festival in 2014 and is scheduled for distribution later this year.
 A Cosmic Christmas is the first television special produced by the Canadian animation company Nelvana. It premiered on December 4 1977 in Canada on CBC Television a Canadian television network owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation the national English-language public broadcaster. (Its French-language counterpart is Télévision de Radio-Canada headquartered in Montreal.)
 Porca Miseria is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
 Happy Camp is a 2014 found footage horror movie directed by Josh Anthony and is his directorial debut. It was released on video on demand on March 25 2014 through Gravitas Ventures and was produced through Drew Barrymore's production company Flower Films. The movie stars Michael Barbuto as a man trying to discover the truth behind his brother's disappearance years ago.
 Gli occhi freddi della paura (internationally released as Cold Eyes of Fear and Desperate Moments) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
 Love Birds is a 1996 Tamil romantic film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Prabhu Deva and Nagma in the lead roles with Raja Vadivelu and Sarath Babu playing other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack composed by A. R. Rahman was highly successful. Love Birds opened in January 1996 to a mixed response critically and an average performance commercially.
 The Brass Bullet is a 1918 adventure film serial directed by Ben F. Wilson. It is now considered to be lost.
 Albergo Roma (Hotel Rome) is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Ugo Chiti. It was screened at the 53rd Venice International Film Festival in which Chiti won the Kodak Award.For her performance Lucia Poli won a Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actress.
 The Man Who Saved Christmas is a film based on the true story about the efforts of toymaker Alfred Carlton Gilbert (portrayed by Jason Alexander) of the A. C. Gilbert Company to continue making toys during World War I. First broadcast on CBS television in 2002 it was released on DVD and Blu-ray in 2008 by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment in the US.
 Runaway also called Runaway Killer is a 1964 New Zealand made thriller film and a road movie. John O’Shea of Pacific Films produced directed and co-wrote it. Shot in black & white and released on 35 mm and also 16 mm it was cut to 80 minutes and renamed Runaway Killer for release in Britain although this lost continuity between scenes. The film starred Colin Broadley in the lead and several New Zealanders who became famous in other fields; Kiri Te Kanawa Barry Crump and Ray Columbus.
 The Mystery of the Black Pearl is a 1912 Australian silent film. A detective drama It is now considered a lost film
 Yves Saint Laurent is a 2014 French biography drama film directed by Jalil Lespert and co-written with Jacques Fieschi Jérémie Guez and Marie-Pierre Huster. The film is based on the life of Yves Saint Laurent from 1958. The film stars Pierre Niney Guillaume Gallienne Charlotte Le Bon Laura Smet Marie de Villepin Xavier Lafitte and Nikolai Kinski.
 Water Flower (水の花 Mizu no Hana) is a Japanese film which was released on 5 August 2005.
 Shredderman Rules is a 2007 television film based on Wendelin Van Draanen's Shredderman book series. It originally aired on Nickelodeon along with the series finale episode of Ned's Declassified on June 9 2007 and had 3.9 million viewers. The film is also the first film to be aired under the Nickelodeon Original Movie banner.The film stars Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide's Devon Werkheiser as Nolan Byrd (also known as Shredderman).
 X: The Man with the X-ray Eyes is a 1963 science fiction/horror film. Directed by Roger Corman from a script by Ray Russell and Robert Dillon the film stars Ray Milland as Dr. James Xavier. A world renowned scientist Dr. Xavier experiments with X-ray vision and things go horribly wrong. While most of the cast are relatively unknown Don Rickles is notable in an uncharacteristically dramatic role.
 Don Winslow of the Coast Guard (1943) is a Universal Pictures film serial based on the comic strip by Frank V. Martinbek.
 Giallo a Venezia is a 1979 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Landi. The film released on December 31 1979 in Italy and starred Leonora Fani. It is known primarily for its extremely graphic scenes of gore including a woman's leg being slowly sawed off with a long knife.
 The Wild Party is a 1975 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory produced by Ismail Merchant and starring James Coco and Raquel Welch.An aging silent movie comic star of the 1920s named Jolly Grimm attempts a comeback by staging a party to show his new film.
 Virgin Witch is a 1971 British horror exploitation film about a prospective model who ends up joining a coven of witches. The film was directed by Ray Austin and stars Ann Michelle and Vicki Michelle.
 Naach (Hindi: नाच Urdu: ناچ Dance) is a 2004 Bollywood film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and starring Abhishek Bachchan Antara Mali and Ritesh Deshmukh.
 In Bed with Santa (Swedish: Tomten är far till alla barnen) is a 1999 Swedish comedy film directed by Kjell Sundvall. A German remake was made in 2007 under the title Meine schöne Bescherung.
 Drug Wars: The Camarena Story is a 1990 TV mini-series based on Elaine Shannon’s book Desperados and the Time magazine article of the same name. It was directed by Brian Gibson and starred Steven Bauer Miguel Ferrer Benicio del Toro Treat Williams and Craig T. Nelson. It was the second most watched NBC mini-series of the year following The Kennedys and followed up in 1992 with Drug Wars: The Cocaine Cartel starring Dennis Farina.
 Big Man on Campus (also known as The Hunchback of UCLA and The Hunchback Hairball of L.A. in the United Kingdom) is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jeremy Kagan. It was written by and stars Allan Katz. It co-stars Corey Parker.
 Before Winter Comes is a 1969 British film directed by J. Lee Thompson from a screenplay by Andrew Sinclair.
 Kal Manja is a 2011 India Kannada film starring Komal and Udhayathara in the lead roles alongside Aishwarya Nag. The film is a remake of the Malayalam hit Chathikkatha Chanthu. The film has been directed and written by Ramesh Prabhakaran and produced by Komal's wife Anasuya under his home banner. Emil Mohammed has composed the music.
 Desert and Wilderness (Polish: W pustyni i w puszczy) is a 1973 Polish film directed by Władysław Ślesicki. Adapted from the 1911 novel In Desert and Wilderness by Henryk Sienkiewicz it tells the story of two kids Staś Tarkowski and Nel Rawlison kidnapped by the rebels during Mahdi's rebellion in Sudan..The film lasts about 3 hours and is composed of 2 parts which were shown separately in theaters. Work on it started in 1971.
 A Man About the House is a black-and-white British film directed by Leslie Arliss and released in 1947. The film is a melodrama adapted for the screen by J.B. Williams from the 1942 novel of the same name by Francis Brett Young. It was produced by Edward Black and edited by Russell Lloyd with cinematography by Georges Périnal and music by Nicholas Brodszky.
 The Face at the Window is a 1913 American short silent film drama. The film starred Earle Foxe Irene Boyle and Stuart Holmes in the lead roles.
 Forest of the Hanged (Romanian: Pădurea spânzuraţilor) is a 1964 Romanian drama film directed by Liviu Ciulei and based on the eponymous novel by Liviu Rebreanu. Ciulei won the award for Best Director at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival. In 2010 the World Cinema Foundation released a restored version as part of their restoration projects.Forest of the Hanged became the first Romanian film to achieve wide international recognition.
 Marie Antoinette is a 2006 historical comedy-drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It is very loosely based on the life of the Queen in the years leading up to the French Revolution. It won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design. It was released in the United States on October 20 2006 by Columbia Pictures. The film has since gained a cult following.[citation needed]
 Edhirum Pudhirum எதிரும் புதிரும் is a Tamil movie starring Mammootty Sangeetha Napoleon Manorama and Simran Bagga directed by Dharani under his real name V.C. Ramani.
 The Magician is a 1900 American silent film produced by Thomas A. Edison's Edison Manufacturing Company. According to the Edison film catalog the film originally was sold to theaters for $9.00. This film exemplifies the strong links between early film and magic; the 1900 Edison film catalog alone contained several trick films including Ching Ling Foo Outdone The Clown and the Alchemist Congress of Nations and Hooligan Assists the Magician.
 Pel Dael Trov Yum is a 1972 Khmer film directed by Ung Kantuok starring Kong Som Eun and Vichara Dany. The plot like other Ung Kantuok films involves a triangular relationship between a man Kong Som Eun and 2 women Vichara Dany and Kim Nova. The film consist of 5 hit songs including the all time famous Pel Dael Tron Yum (The Time to Cry).
 White Sun of the Desert (Russian: Белое солнце пустыни; Beloye solntse pustyni) (1970) is a classic 'Eastern' or Ostern film of the Soviet Union.The film is one of the most popular Russian films of all time. Its blend of action comedy music and drama as well as memorable quotes made it wildly successful and it has since achieved the status of a top cult film in Soviet and Russian culture.
 Red Hill is a 2010 Australian neo-western/thriller film written and directed by Patrick Hughes. The film stars Ryan Kwanten Steve Bisley and Tom E. Lewis.
 The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines (aka Clash of Empires: The Battle for Asia in the United Kingdom) is a 2011 Malaysian epic action film loosely based on the 16th century document Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa. Released in Malaysia under the Malaysian language title Hikayat Merong Mahawangsa the film is directed co-written and co-produced by Yusry Abdul Halim.
 Last Holiday is a 2006 American comedy film starring Queen Latifah and directed by Wayne Wang.Latifah plays a humble store assistant Georgia who is told that she has a rare brain condition and only a few weeks to live. She decides to spend her last funds on a luxury holiday in Europe before she dies. At the hotel she mixes in rich circles including by coincidence her employer.
 Sentimental Journey is a 1946 film directed by Walter Lang. It stars John Payne and Maureen O'Hara.
 Seductio is a 1987 art house film written produced and directed by Bashar Shbib.
 Fotonovela is a 2008 comedy Spanish language movie directed by Robert Kubilos that was released in the autumn of 2008 (September 16). Its budget is estimated to $150000. The movie was released on DVD at the same time. It lasts 90 minutes and it is produced under Maya Entertainment.It stars Rafael Amaya Elizabeth Gutiérrez and Veronica Diaz.
 Viduthalai is a Tamil film is directed by K. Vijayan. It stars Sivaji Ganesan Rajinikanth Vishnuvardhan and Madhavi. This movie is a remake of Bollywood blockbuster movie Qurbani
 Capture of Boer Battery by British is a black-and-white silent film produced by James H. White for Edison Manufacturing Company in 1900. It is one minute in length and depicts the resistance of the Gordon Highlanders to the oncoming fire of the Boer's advance during the Boer War. It was filmed in West Orange New Jersey USA and released January 14 1900.
 The Frozen Ground is a 2013 American thriller film written and directed by Scott Walker his first feature film based on the real-life 1980s Alaskan hunt for serial killer Robert Hansen. Hansen stalked and murdered between 17 and 21 young women kidnapping them and taking them out to the Alaskan wilderness where he shot and buried them. The film stars Nicolas Cage John Cusack Vanessa Hudgens Katherine LaNasa Radha Mitchell and 50 Cent.
 Fiebre de primavera is a 1965 Argentine film.
 The Mandrake Root is a 2008 comedy drama film adapted and directed by Malachi Bogdanov as his first feature film. The film was produced by Simon M. Woods as the first film release of European Drama Network.Based on the play La Mandragola (The Mandrake) written by Niccolò Machiavelli in 1518 the film was nominated for the Best Drama 2008 by the Royal Television Society Awards Midland.
 Hard to Die (also known as Tower of Terror) is a 1990 action comedy film written by Mark Thomas McGee and James B. Rogers directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Gail Harris and Melissa Moore. The film features a similar storyline and many of the same actresses from Wynorski's previous film Sorority House Massacre II: Nighty Nightmare.The film was released as a direct-to-video film in 1990 but it was released theatrically in 1992 under the name Tower of Terror and received an NC-17 rating.
 Confessions of a Pit Fighter is a 2005 American martial arts action film directed by Art Camacho and starring Hector Echavarria Armand Assante Flavor Flav James Russo and John Savage. It was filmed in Los Angeles California and produced by Alliance Group Entertainment. It was distributed in by Lions Gate Entertainment.
 Venus Talk (Hangul: 관능의 법칙; RR: Gwanneungui Bubchik; lit. The Laws of Pleasures) is a 2014 South Korean film about the sex and love lives of three women in their forties played by Uhm Jung-hwa Moon So-ri and Jo Min-su. The romantic dramedy is directed by Kwon Chil-in and the screenplay by Lee Soo-ah won the Grand Prize at the 1st Lotte Entertainment Script Contest. It was released in theaters on February 13 2014.
 The Nutt House is a 1992 film directed by Adam Rifkin. It stars Stephen Kearney Traci Lords and Amy Yasbeck. It was also the last film for Emil Sitka Sandra Gould and King Moody.
 La Feria de Jalisco (The Fair of Jalisco) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Super Giant (スーパージャイアンツ Sūpā Jaiantsu literally translated as Super Giants) is a fictional Japanese superhero featured in a successful series of serial-like tokusatsu short feature films produced between 1957 and 1959 by Shintoho Company Ltd. (the non-union branch of Toho). He is also known in Japan as Giant of Steel (鋼鉄の巨人 Kōtetsu no Kyojin) is known in America as Starman and known in France and Italy as Spaceman.
 Ghost Sweepers (Hangul: 점쟁이들; RR: Jeomjaengyideul; MR: Chŏmjaengidŭl; also known as The Fortune Tellers) is a 2012 South Korean comedy horror film about a group of shamans from across the nation who gather together for a grand exorcism at a small village notorious for dark spirits as a young journalist gets sent to cover the story.
 The Rose of San Juan is a 1913 silent era short drama motion picture starring Sydney Ayres Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester.Directed by Sydney Ayres for the American Film Manufacturing Company The Rose of San Juan was distributed by Mutual Film.
 Embrace Your Shadow (Chinese: 摯愛; Jyutping: Dzi oi) is a 2005 Hong Kong romance drama starring Fiona Sit Dylan Kuo Cheung Kwok-Keung Chung Ching-Yu and Samuel Pang . Directed and written by Joe Ma.This is Taiwanese actor model singer Dylan Kuo's first feature film. In the behind the scenes footage he is seen taking a crash course in Cantonese pronunciation from the director Joe Ma and other production crew members in order to know how to say his lines in Cantonese.
 The Story of Seabiscuit is a 1949 American drama film directed by David Butler and starring Shirley Temple. The screenplay was written by John Taintor Foote.Though shot in Technicolor the film incorporates actual black-and-white footage of Seabiscuit in races including the 1940 Santa Anita Handicap and the 1938 match race against rival War Admiral which is still considered by many to be the greatest horse race of all time.
 Meet Nero Wolfe is a 1936 mystery film based on the 1934 novel Fer-de-Lance written by Rex Stout. Set in New York the story introduced the detective genius Nero Wolfe (Edward Arnold) and his assistant Archie Goodwin (Lionel Stander).
 Highlander: The Search for Vengeance is an animated film and an installment of the cult Highlander franchise. The film was directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri (Ninja Scroll Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust) and was written by David Abramowitz also the writer for Highlander: The Series Highlander: The Raven and Highlander: The Source.
 Paradise: Faith (German: Paradies: Glaube) is a 2012 Austrian drama film directed by Ulrich Seidl the second in his Paradise trilogy. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival and won the Special Jury Prize. It won the award for best sound design at the 26th European Film Awards.The film has been named as a favourite of director John Waters who presented the film as his annual pick within the Maryland Film Festival 2013.
 Watchers of the Sky is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Edet Belzberg. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014. It won the two awards at the festival.After its premiere at Sundance Film Festival Music Box Films acquired distribution rights of the film. The film is scheduled to be released in late 2014.
 Ninì Tirabusciò: la donna che inventò la mossa is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Marcello Fondato. It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Raavanaprabhu (Malayalam: രാവണപ്രഭു English: Ravana the Lord) is a 2001 Malayalam action drama film written and directed by Ranjith. It is a sequel to the 1993 film Devaasuram which was scripted by Ranjith. The film is the directorial debut of Ranjith who had previously worked as a screenwriter. Mohanlal plays the dual role of father (Mangalassery Neelakandan) and son (Mangalassery Karthikeyan). Napoleon reprises the role of Mundackal Shekharan the archenemy of Neelakandan.
 Manonmani (Tamil: மனோன்மணி) is a 1942 Tamil-language film directed by T. R. Sundaram. It starred P. U. Chinnappa T. R. Rajakumari Serukalathur Sama T. S. Balaiah T. R. Mahalingam K. K. Perumal A. Sakunthala N. S. Krishnan T. A. Madhuram Kali N. Ratnam L. Narayana Rao S. S. Kokko C. T. Rajakantham P. R. Mangalam P. G. Venkatesan T. R. B. Rao M. E. Madhavan Buffoon Shanmugham J. M. G. Sarada and G. Saraswathi. Music by Kalyanam-Mahadevan.
 Torn from the Flag is the most successful documentary in Hungarian film history based on data by the Motion Picture Public Foundation of Hungary Hungarian Filmunio (numbers of viewers festival invitations DVD sales awards; distribution Oscar competition and amount of international publicity). According to several film critics (Stephen Farber The Hollywood Reporter) and historians (István Deak Columbia University) Torn from the Flag is the best documentary ever made about this topic.
 The Only Son is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Oscar Apfel and Cecil B. DeMille. The film is based on the play of the same name by Winchell Smith and stars James Blackwell.
 Little Wildcat is a 1922 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Bush Pilot is a 1947 Canadian / American film directed by Sterling Campbell. The film produced by Campbell's Dominion Productions was noted for being one of the first full-length feature films in which a Canadian production company held the primary role.The movie was filmed predominantly in Toronto Ontario with outdoor and flight sequences filmed in the Muskoka region of Ontario.
 The Best Man is a 1964 film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner with a screenplay by Gore Vidal based on his play of the same title. Starring Henry Fonda Cliff Robertson and Lee Tracy the film details the seamy political maneuverings behind the nomination of a presidential candidate.Tracy was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for this his final film.
 Again Kasargod Khader Bhai is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas starring Jagadish Radha Varma and Innocent in the lead roles. The film is a sequel to the films Mimics Parade (1991) and Kasargod Khader Bhai (1992).
 The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia is a 2009 documentary film directed by Julien Nitzberg chronicling the White Family of Boone County West Virginia.
 The Hills Have Eyes is a 2006 horror film and remake of Wes Craven's 1977 film The Hills Have Eyes. Written by filmmaking partners Alexandre Aja and Grégory Levasseur of the French horror film Haute Tension and directed by Aja the film follows a family which becomes the target of a group of murderous mutants after their car breaks down in the desert.The film was released theatrically in the United States and United Kingdom on March 10 2006.
 Unbreakable is a 2000 American superhero thriller film written produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan. The film stars Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson. Unbreakable tells the story of Philadelphia security guard David Dunn who slowly discovers that he is a superhero. The film explores analogies between the real world and the mythology of superheroes.Shyamalan planned Unbreakable to parallel a comic book's traditional three-part story structure.
 The Adolescents (Spanish: Los adolescentes) is a 1968 Mexican drama film directed by Abel Salazar. The film was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 40th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Moon for Sale is a 2007 British documentary film directed and produced by Nick Davidson. The film premiered on BBC Two on April 10 2007 and has played worldwide since. The primary focus of the documentary is on the value of the Moon to scientists and collectors. Dr. Harrison Schmitt an Apollo 17 astronaut is seen discussing harvesting Helium 3 on the moon to meet Earth's energy needs.
 Neem Annapurna (English language:Bitter Morsel) is a 1979 Bengali film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta and starring Sunil Mukherjee.
 Naked Massacre is a 1976 West German / Canadian / French / Italian film directed by Denis Héroux.
 Joe Versus the Volcano is a 1990 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John Patrick Shanley and starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan. The film is about a man who after being told he is dying of a rare disease accepts a financial offer to travel to a tropical island and throw himself passionately into a volcano.
 The New Adventures of Tarzan is a 1935 American film serial in 12 chapters starring Herman Brix. The serial is a more authentic version of the character than most other adaptations with Tarzan as a cultured and well educated gentleman as in the original Edgar Rice Burroughs novels. It was filmed during the same period as the Johnny Weissmuller/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Tarzan films.
 The Snows of Kilimanjaro (French: Les Neiges du Kilimandjaro) is a 2011 French drama film directed by Robert Guédiguian. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival. It won the audience award and the Silver Spike at the Valladolid International Film Festival.
 South of Tana River (Danish: Syd for Tana River) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Hombres de esta tierra is a 1922 Chilean silent film the debut film of Carlos F. Borcosque. It features boxer Luis Vicentini Jorge Infante Ketty Zambelli and Alfredo Rondanelli.
 Su íntimo secreto (English: Her deep secret) is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed by Julio Irigoyen. It was premiered on May 15 1948.
 Zarkorr! The Invader is a 1996 low-budget monster movie produced by Full Moon Entertainment.It was planned for a limited theatrical release but was instead was made a direct-to-video film.
 Brand New World also called Woundings a UK movie filmed in Cregneash Isle of Man based on Jeff Noon's play Woundings and released in 1998.The director Roberta Hanley won the Grand Jury Prize for Best Feature Film at the 2001 New York International Independent Film & Video Festival for this movie.
 Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's (French: Maman est chez le coiffeur) is a 2008 drama directed by Léa Pool.
 Athadu (English: He) is a 2005 action thriller Telugu film directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The movie stars Mahesh Babu Trisha Krishnan Sonu Sood Nassar and Prakash Raj. The movie's soundtrack was scored by Mani Sharma. This movie features Mahesh Babu in a negative role that later transforms into a positive one.The film went on to become one of the highest grossing films in Tollywood. The movie was dubbed into Tamil and Malayalam languages as Nandhu and Target respectively.
 Repati Pourulu (Template:Lang-Íte) is a 1986 Telugu language film directed by T. Krishna starring Rajasekhar Vijayashanti Anuradha. It was Krishna's final film before his death in 1987.This film is dedicated to Jawaharlal Nehru who said Neti Balale Repati Pourulu (నేటి బాలలే రేపటి పౌరులు).
 Thottupaar (English: Try Touch Me!) is an Indian Tamil action film written and directed by newcomer K. V. Nandhu and produced by Janaki Sivakumar. The film which starred Vidharth Ramana and Lakshana in leading roles released on 15 October 2010.
 My Father (Hangul: 마이 파더; RR: Mai Padeo) is a 2007 South Korean film. The film which is based on a true story is about an adopted son who is searching for his biological parents in South Korea. During his search he meets his real father a condemned murderer on death row. Daniel Henney plays the lead role of James who works as a volunteer in the United States armed forces in Korea. He asks questions of why his father is on death row and finds out things that he always wanted to know.
 Hors Saison is a 1992 comedy film by Daniel Schmid who also co-wrote the screenplay with Martin Suter. The film is semi-autobiographical for Schmid who reimagines the hotel he grew up in the Swiss Alps. The French-Swiss-German co-production premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival in August 1992 followed by a screening at the Toronto International Film Festival on 12 September 1992. The film was the Swiss submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 For the 1992 film of the same name starring Corey Haim and Corey Feldman see Blown Away (1992 film). For the Carrie Underwood album see Blown Away (album). For the single by Carrie Underwood see Blown Away (song).Blown Away is a 1994 action thriller film starring Jeff Bridges and Tommy Lee Jones. It was directed by Stephen Hopkins.
 3 Chains o' Gold is a 1994 direct-to-video film produced and directed by Prince and starring Prince and The New Power Generation. It is a video collection tied together with a loose plotline. The film was the 69th best-selling video of 1994.
 Allari Priyudu is a 1993 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Rajasekhar Ramya Krishnan and Madhu Bala in lead roles. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Yaarukku Mappillai Yaaro. It was remade in Kannada as Chora Chitta Chora with V. Ravichandran.
 Ek Mutho Chabi or Ek Mutho Chhobi (Bengali: এক মুঠো ছবি A Fistful Of Films) is a Bengali feature-film released in September 2005. As the name suggests the movie does not tell one continuous story over 90 minutes; rather it's a compilation of six different stories combined together all of around 20–25 minutes duration. All directed by different directors.
 The Deadly Spawn is a 1983 science fiction horror film directed by Douglas McKeown and starring Charles George Hildebrandt.
 The Rose Technique also known as Deranged is a direct-to-DVD American film starring Sally Kirkland JoBeth Williams Kari Wuhrer Jason Brooks and Sage Kirkpatrick.
 Fighting Back (UK title: Death Vengeance) is a 1982 vigilante film written by Thomas Hedley Jr and David Zelag Goodman. The film was directed by Lewis Teague and takes place on the streets of Philadelphia starring Tom Skerritt Patti LuPone and Michael Sarrazin.
 La Ilegítima (The Illegitimate) is a 1956 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Dirties is a Canadian independent comedy-drama directed and co-written by Matt Johnson. The debut feature-length film has received numerous awards including the Grand Jury Prize for Best Narrative at the 2013 Slamdance Film Festival. This film was co-produced by Matthew Miller. Director Kevin Smith who sponsored the film through his movie club has called The Dirties the most important movie you will see all year.
 Dena Paona (Bengali: দেনা পাওনা) is a 1931 Bengali film directed by Premankur Atorthy starring Amar Mullick Durga Das Bannerjee Jahar Ganguly Nibhanani Devi and Bhanu Bandyopadhyay. Based on a novel by Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay and produced by New Theatres it is credited as the one of first Bengali talkies and along with Alam Ara was one of the first sound films produced in India.
 Nenapirali is a 2005 Kannada movie starring Prem Vidya Venkatesh and Varsha in the lead roles . The film deals with four young people with different strengths and attitudes.We would see them in our day-to-day life. You don't find any character in the film who is unusual and there is hardly any dramatic moments in the film to create an unwanted twist in the story. It is a neat film with neat narration and neat performances.
 I'll Be Home for Christmas is a 1998 Christmas family film comedy film. It stars Jonathan Taylor Thomas Jessica Biel Adam LaVorgna Gary Cole and Andrew Lauer.
 Le Temps d'un film is a 2007 film.
 The Perfect Clown is a 1925 silent slapstick comedy motion picture starring Larry Semon and Kate Price. It features an early screen appearance by Oliver Hardy. Directed by Fred C. Newmeyer the screenplay was written by Thomas J. Crizer who also wrote the subtitles along with Charlie Saxton.
 Vampires (also known as Abandon) is a 1986 horror film directed by Len Anthony. The film stars Orly Benyar John Bly Jackie James Duane Jones Kit Jones and Robin Michaels. The plot revolves around mysterious events at a private girls' school in which the students' life-energy is drained by a mad scientist's machine. the film was retitled Abadon and is the second half of Fright House.
 The Adorable Cheat is a 1928 silent film starring Lila Lee and distributed by an independent film company Chesterfield Motion Pictures. It was directed by Burton L. King with a copy being long held by The Library of Congress.
 Koodevide? (English: Where's the Nest?) is a 1983 Malayalam drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan starring Mammootty Suhasini and Rahman who makes his debut. The plot of the film is loosely based on a Tamil novel by Vasanthi.
 I Dream of Jeanie is a 1952 musical film based on the songs and life of Stephen Foster who wrote the song Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair from which the title is taken. The film was directed by Allan Dwan fer Republic Pictures and was shot in Trucolor.The film is also known as I Dream of Jeanie (with the Light Brown Hair).
 Daytime Drinking (Hangul: 낮술; RR: Najsul; MR: Natsul) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Noh Young-seok.On July 20 2009 Funimation announced that it had acquired a license to distribute this film in North America.
 Les Maîtres du temps (lit. The Masters of Time a.k.a. Time Masters Az idő urai in Hungarian) is a 1982 Franco-Hungarian animated science fiction feature film directed by René Laloux and designed by Mœbius. It is based on the 1958 science fiction novel L'Orphelin de Perdide (The Orphan of Perdide) by Stefan Wul.The film centres around a boy Piel who is stranded on Perdide a desert planet where giant killer hornets live.
 For the 2000 film see Hera Pheri (2000 film)Hera Pheri is a 1976 Hindi crime film directed by Prakash Mehra and starring Amitabh Bachchan Saira Banu Vinod Khanna Sulakshana Pandit Shreeram Lagoo and Asrani. The film's music is by Kalyanji Anandji and the lyrics by Anjaan.This movie was a 'superhit' at the box office.Vinod Khanna received a Filmfare nomination for Best Supporting Actor the only nomination for the film.
 The Valley of Hell is a 1927 Western film directed by Clifford Smith. Only 2 reels survive of this film at George Eastman House.
 The Colony is a 1996 TV film directed by Tim Hunter.
 RoboCop: Prime Directives is a Canadian TV miniseries released in 2001 spun off from the cyberpunk action film RoboCop franchise. The series consists of four feature-length episodes: Dark Justice Meltdown Resurrection and Crash and Burn. All four episodes have been released on DVD.
 Vamsa Vruksham (The genalogy tree) is a 1980 Telugu film directed by Bapu based on S. L. Bhyrappa's novel. The film marked Anil Kapoor's debut as an actor in a lead role.
 The Magic Bow is a 1946 British musical film based on the life of the Italian violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini. It was directed by Bernard Knowles. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gaayam (Telugu: గాయం) is a 1993 Telugu crime film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and written by Mani Ratnam. The film's lyrics were written by Sirivennela and its music was composed by Sri. It starred Jagapathi Babu Revathi Urmila and Kota Srinivasa Rao. with Vijayawada mafia of the time as a backdrop. The movie was declared a hit at the box office.
 Quai des Orfèvres is a 1947 French police procedural drama based on the book Légitime défense by Stanislas-Andre Steeman. Directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot the film stars Suzy Delair as Jenny Lamour Bernard Blier as Maurice Martineau Louis Jouvet as Inspector Antoine and Simone Renant as Dora.The film was Clouzot's third directorial effort and the first after the controversy of Le corbeau.
 Donatella is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. At the 6th Berlin International Film Festival Elsa Martinelli won the Silver Bear for Best Actress.
 American Mystic is a 2010 American documentary film by Cuban American director Alex Mar. It premiered in the documentary competition at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival.
 Nagaram Marupakkam (English: The Other Side Of Town) is a 2010 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Sundar C. who himself essays the lead role. Co-produced by his wife Kushboo the film also stars Anuya Bhagvath and Vadivelu in pivotal roles and features music by Thaman. Sundar's first directorial after five years Nagaram released on 19 November 2010 it is based on the 1993 American movie Carlito's Way .
 Jakob the Liar is a 1999 American film directed by Peter Kassovitz and starring Robin Williams Alan Arkin Liev Schreiber Hannah Taylor-Gordon and Bob Balaban. The movie is set in 1944 in a ghetto in German-occupied Poland during the Holocaust and is based on the book by Jurek Becker about World War II Jewish ghetto life. It is a remake of the East German DEFA film Jakob der Lügner from 1975.
 Seasons of Our Love (Italian: Le stagioni del nostro amore) is a 1966 Italian drama film directed by Florestano Vancini. It was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.
 All's Faire in Love is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Scott Marshall and written by R. A. White and Jeffrey Ray Wine. The film stars Owen Benjamin as Will a college student who is assigned to work at a renaissance fair by his professor (Cedric the Entertainer) after missing several classes and Christina Ricci as Kate an investment banker who leaves her job to work at the fair.The film was shot primarily at the Michigan Renaissance Festival.
 Orders Is Orders is a 1934 British comedy film starring Charlotte Greenwood James Gleason and Cyril Maude about an American film crew who move into a British army barracks to start making a film much to the commander's horror. Much of the film concerns the interaction between the American crew and the British officers.It was remade in 1954 as Orders Are Orders starring Peter Sellers Sid James and Tony Hancock.
 Passport to Nowhere is a 1947 American short documentary film produced by Frederic Ullman Jr.. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Bichhoo (literally Scorpion) is a 2000 Bollywood film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. It is a suspense film and the lead roles are played by Bobby Deol and Rani Mukerji. This film is heavily copied from the Luc Besson 1994 film Léon starring Jean Reno and Natalie Portman.
 Dil Ka Kya Kasoor (translation: What is the crime of heart) is a 1992 Bollywood film starring Divya Bharti and Prithvi. The film din't do well at the box office but the music from duo Nadeem-Shravan was an instant hit due to its catchy melody.
 Stormbreaker is a 2006 spy film based on Anthony Horowitz's novel of the same name the first novel in the Alex Rider series. It stars newcomer Alex Pettyfer as the teenage spy alongside actors Mickey Rourke and Bill Nighy. In the U.S. the film was promotionally named Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker. The film was intended to be the first of a series of Alex Rider films but no further films have been made since due to poor box office returns.
 The Paleface is a 1948 Technicolor comedy Western directed by Norman Z. McLeod starring Bob Hope as Painless Potter and Jane Russell as Calamity Jane. In the film Hope sings the song Buttons and Bows (by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans) which became his greatest hit by far when it came to record sales. The song also won the Academy Award for Best Song that year.The film had a sequel Son of Paleface in 1952. In 1968 Don Knotts remade the film as The Shakiest Gun in the West.
 Pittsburgh is a 1942 American drama film directed by Lewis Seiler and starring Marlene Dietrich Randolph Scott and John Wayne. Based on a story by George Owen and Tom Reed the film is about an ambitious coal miner who values wealth and power in the Pittsburgh steel industry over his friends lovers and ideals only to find himself deserted and alone at the top. When his fortune crumbles around him he discovers that fate offers him an unexpected second chance.
 Tazza 2 (Hangul: 타짜2; RR: Tajja2) is an upcoming South Korean gambling film directed by Kang Hyung-Chul and based on Huh Young-man and Kim Se-yeong's manhwa of the same name.
 Mr. Wu is a 1927 silent movie starring Lon Chaney as a Chinese patriarch who tries to exact revenge on the Englishman who seduced his daughter. The supporting cast includes Anna May Wong.
 Los Amigos (Punto e Capo also known as Deaf Smith & Johnny Ears) is a 1973 spaghetti western film starring Anthony Quinn and Franco Nero in 1973. The film is loosely based on the life of Deaf Smith with direction of Paolo Cavara.
 Les têtes interverties (also known as La Cravate The Transposed Heads and The Severed Heads) is a 1957 French short film written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky. Shot between 1953 and 1957 the film is a mime adaptation of Thomas Mann's 1940 novella The Transposed Heads (Die vertauschten Köpfe). The film stars surreal humorist Raymond Devos as well as Jodorowsky himself.
 Colour Blossoms (桃色 Toh sik) is a 2004 Hong Kong art film written and directed by Yonfan and the third in an informal trilogy of films inspired by Tang Xianzu's The Peony Pavilion. The original Chinese title of Colour Blossoms literally translates as Peach Colour a euphemism for sexual desire one of the central themes in the film.
 Food for the Gods (often referred to online as FFTG) is a 2007 Canadian short science fiction romance film from award-winning writer/filmmaker H. Scott Hughes. The film stars Yvette Lu and Danny Dorosh as two star-crossed lovers in a plot reminiscent of stories of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith. The film is based on a short story by Patricia C. Hughes. It is set in the year 2057.
 The Honey Pot also known as The Honeypot is a 1967 crime comedy-drama film written for the screen and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. It stars Rex Harrison Susan Hayward Cliff Robertson Capucine Edie Adams and Maggie Smith. The film was based on the play Mr. Fox of Venice by Frederick Knott the novel The Evil of the Day by Thomas Sterling and loosely on the 1606 play Volpone by Ben Jonson.
 FBI Girl is a 1951 crime film about a female FBI employee who becomes involved in government plot involving corruption and murder. The film was directed by William A. Berke and stars Cesar Romero Margia Dean and George Brent. It was made by Lippert Pictures.
 Between Us Girls is a 1942 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Diana Barrymore Kay Francis Robert Cummings John Boles Andy Devine and Scotty Beckett.
 Port Djema is a 1997 French drama film directed by Eric Heumann. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival where Heumann won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Last Run is a 2001 British-German action film directed by Anthony Hickox starring Armand Assante and Jürgen Prochnow.
 Street of Shadows (French: Mademoiselle Docteur) is a 1937 French drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. An English-language version was made under the title Under Secret Orders.
 .That Certain Thing is a 1928 silent film comedy directed by Frank Capra. It was Capra's first film for Harry Cohn's Columbia Pictures.
 The Big Gamble is a 1961 adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer. It stars Stephen Boyd.
 Mann Vasanai is a 1983 Indian Tamil language film starring RevathiPandiyan Vinu Chakravarthy Kantimathi and Y. Vijaya. It is remade as Mangammagari Manavadu in 1984 directed by Kodi Ramakrishna in Telugu language. It is also highly successful.
 Hold That Lion! is the 100th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust (吸血鬼(バンパイア)ハンターD ブラッドラスト Banpaia Hantā Dī Buraddorasuto) is a 2000 anime film written and directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri. The film is based on the third novel of Hideyuki Kikuchi's Vampire Hunter D series Demon Deathchase.The film began production in 1997 and was completed with the intention of being shown in American theaters. It was shown in six theaters across the United States and received generally positive reception from American critics.
 Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild Untold Story of Ozploitation! is a 2008 Australian documentary film about the Australian New Wave of 1970s and '80s low-budget cinema.
 The Spy Who Came in from the Cold is a 1965 British Cold War spy film directed by Martin Ritt and starring Richard Burton Claire Bloom and Oskar Werner.Based on the 1963 novel of the same name by John le Carré the film is about a British agent who is sent to East Germany in order to sow disinformation about a powerful East German intelligence officer.
 At Close Range is a 1986 crime drama film directed by James Foley based on the real life rural Pennsylvania crime family led by Bruce Johnston Sr. which operated during the 1960s and 1970s. It stars Sean Penn and Christopher Walken with Chris Penn Mary Stuart Masterson and Crispin Glover in supporting roles.
 Christmas Lilies of the Field is a 1979 made-for-TV sequel to the classic film Lilies of the Field. In this sequel directed by Ralph Nelson Homer Smith returns to the Arizona desert where he had built the chapel for the nuns. This time Smith is played by Billy Dee Williams instead of Sidney Poitier. This time Mother Maria played by Maria Schell convinces Homer Smith into building a kindergarten as well as an orphanage. The TV special was released on VHS in 1989.
 Zazie in the Metro (original French title: Zazie dans le métro sometimes called Zazie) is a 1960 French film directed by Louis Malle based on the novel by Raymond Queneau.
 Love Letters of a Portuguese Nun (German: Die Liebesbriefe einer portugesischen Nonne) is a 1977 West German-Swiss movie directed by Jess Franco. It tells the story of Maria a girl in Inquisition-era Portugal whom a priest sees cavorting with a boy. He orders her to become a nun as penance. In the convent Maria gets subjected to all sorts of torture and humiliation at the hands of the priest and the mother superior.The movie is part of a genre known as nunsploitation.
 Hello is a Uganda drama short film directed by John Martyn Ntabazi and written by Usama Mukwaya. The movie was made under the MNFPAC workshop and won the overall best shortfilm. It debuted its screening at the 2011 Pearl International Film Festival.
 Mondi Ghatam (Telugu: మొండి ఘటం) is a Telugu film which was released on November 6 1982. It was directed by Raja Chandra. The film stars Chiranjeevi Radhika Kaikala Satyanarayana and Gummadi Venkateswara Rao.
 588 rue paradis is a 1992 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil. The film's principal cast includes Richard Berry Claudia Cardinale and Omar Sharif. It was preceded by Mayrig the first autobiographical movie of Henri Verneuil.
 Kahl is a 1961 West German short documentary film about the Kahl Nuclear Power Plant. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Kathantara (Oriya: କଥାନ୍ତର English Another Story) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Himansu Khatua a story of tribulations of 1999 Orissa cyclone. Much before the Tsunami became a household name all over the world the coastal belts of Orissa were hit by what has come to be known as the Super Cyclone that killed more than 10000 people and rendered still more homeless.
 Always Kabhi Kabhi (meaning 'Always Sometimes') is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Roshan Abbas and produced by Shahrukh Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment. It introduced Ali Fazal along with Giselli Monteiro while Zoa Morani Satish Shah Lilette Dubey Vijay Raaz Mukesh Tiwari and Manoj Joshi play supporting roles. The film released on 17 June 2011. It focuses on four teenagers embarking on a dramatic journey during their incident-packed final year at school.
 Slaughter Hotel (Italian: La bestia uccide a sangue freddo and also known as Asylum Erotica and The Beast Kills in Cold Blood) is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Shout is a 1991 American musical romance film directed by Jeffrey Hornaday and starring John Travolta as a music teacher who introduces rock and roll to a west Texas home for boys in 1955.The film also features James Walters Scott Coffey Heather Graham Charles Taylor and Glenn Quinn as well as a first role for Gwyneth Paltrow.
 Knights is a 1993 science fiction movie starring kickboxing champion Kathy Long in her debut Hollywood movie.
 Kalyana Kalam is a 1982 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Robert-Rajasekhar and produced by K.R.Kannan starring Suhasini Maniratnam in lead role supported by Janakaraj.
 I.Q. is a 1994 American romantic comedy film directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Tim Robbins Meg Ryan and Walter Matthau. The original music score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith. The film centers on a mechanic and a Princeton doctoral candidate who fall in love thanks to the candidate's uncle Albert Einstein.
 Dark River is a 1990 British film featuring Tom Bell Siân Phillips Kate Buffery Ian McNeice and Tony Haygarth among others. Dark River was an official selection at the 1990 Montreal Film Festival and the Ghent Film Festival of the same year.
 Bad Company is a 1946 drama film directed by Paul Barrelet and written by R. Wakeley. It stars Mabel Constanduros and Diana Dawson.
 Coisa Ruim is a 2006 Portuguese supernatural horror film directed by Tiago Guedes and Frederico Serra.
 Once Upon a Wheel is a 1971 ABC television documentary on the history of auto racing. It was hosted by Paul Newman and was directed and produced by David Winters.A racing enthusiast Newman narrated this hour long documentary on the history of auto racing. Joining Newman was Mario Andretti Kirk Douglas Hugh Downs Dean Martin Cesar Romero Dick Smothers and many others.TV Guide featured an article on the program as well as Newman on the cover in the April 17 1971 issue.
 6:3 Play It Again Tutti (Hungarian: 6:3 avagy Játszd újra Tutti) is a 1999 Hungarian comedy film directed by Péter Tímár set against Hungary's historic 1953 football victory against England.It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Unjustified Absence (Italian:Assenza ingiustificata) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Alida Valli Amedeo Nazzari and Lilia Silvi. A girl leaves school to marry a doctor but becomes annoyed by his constant absences and decides to secretly resume her studies.
 Battletruck (also known as Warlords of the 21st Century in New Zealand and Destructors in Italy) is a 1982 New Zealand science fiction film directed by Harley Cokeliss and starring Michael Beck.Battletruck is a post-World War III (known in-film as The Oil Wars) futuristic tale of collapsed governments and bankrupt countries heralding a new lawless age.
 Payal Ki Jhankaar (Hindi: पायल की झंकार) is a 1980 Indian romance film directed by Satyen Bose. The film was selected as the Indian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Merlin: The Return is a 2000 film that chronicles the story of Merlin and King Arthur. The film was directed by Paul Matthews and starred Rik Mayall Patrick Bergin Craig Sheffer Adrian Paul Julie Hartley and Tia Carrere.
 Onibi Kago (鬼火駕籠 Onibi Kago) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mitsuo Hirotsu (弘津三男).
 Ajnabee (Hindi: अजनबी; English: Stranger) is a 1974 Bollywood film produced by Girija Samanta and directed by Shakti Samanta. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Zeenat Aman in the lead supported by Prem Chopra Asrani Madan Puri Yogeeta Bali and Asit Sen. The film's music is by R.D. Burman.
 Pennies From Heaven is a 1936 American musical comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Bing Crosby Madge Evans and Edith Fellows.Based on the novel The Peacock Feather by Katherine Leslie Moore and a screenplay by Jo Swerling the film is about a singer wrongly imprisoned who promises a condemned fellow inmate that he will help the family of his victim when he is released.
 Joey Breaker is a 1993 American romance film starring Richard Edson and Cedella Marley. Philip Seymour Hoffman and Erik King also appear in the movie. The movie contains some autobiographical elements of its writer and director Steven Starr.
 Assassin is a 1973 British thriller film directed by Peter Crane and starring Ian Hendry Edward Judd and Frank Windsor. The British government hires an assassin to kill a Ministry of Defence official suspected of leaking secrets.
 La Mujer de mi padre is a 1968 Argentine film.
 Mark il poliziotto spara per primo (internationally released as Mark Shoots First) is an Italian poliziottesco film directed in 1975 by Stelvio Massi. It is the sequel of Mark il poliziotto.
 Yellow is an 2014 Marathi film directed by Mahesh Limaye and produced by Riteish Deshmukh and Uttung Thakur. The story explores a mother daughter relationship and developmental disability and behaviour of a child. The directorial debut film is based on a true story of Gauri Gadgil a special needs child who also plays herself in the film. The film was released on 4 April 2014 to critical accalim. The film second film of actor Riteish Deshmukh as producer after Balak-Palak (2013).
 Priscilla's April Fool Joke is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet.
 Namets! is a 2008 Filipino independent film directed by Jay Abello. The film was a finalist in the full-length feature category of the 2008 Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival. The film's title is a play on the Hiligaynon word namit which means yummy or delicious.
 Samurai Vampire Bikers From Hell is a 1992 martial art based vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.
 Above the Rim is a 1994 American drama directed by Jeff Pollack. The screenplay was written by Pollack and screenwriter Barry Michael Cooper from a story by Pollack and Benny Medina.Starring Duane Martin Tupac Shakur Leon Robinson and Marlon Wayans the film tells the story of a promising New York City high school basketball star and his relationships with two people; one a drug dealer and the other a basketball star now employed as a security guard at his former high school.
 Everybody Wins is a play written by Arthur Miller who also wrote the screenplay for the film of the same name directed by Karel Reisz released in 1990 and starring Debra Winger and Nick Nolte.
 Wolves of the Range is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Jennifer Lopez Presents: Como Ama una Mujer simply referred to as Como Ama una Mujer is an American five-part miniseries based on the lyrics from the Jennifer Lopez album of the same name. It aired on the Univision Television Network in the fall of 2007. At the end of each episode Lopez performs the theme song that inspired that episode. The five episodes were released as a two disc DVD set on December 18 2007 in the United States.
 Stars In My Crown is a 1950 western film starring Joel McCrea as a preacher who tames an unruly town. It was based on the novel of the same name by Joe David Brown.
 Hercules in the Haunted World (Italian: Ercole al centro della terra) is a 1961 Italian sword-and-sandal film directed by Mario Bava. It stars British bodybuilder Reg Park as Hercules and legendary British actor Christopher Lee as his nemesis Lico. It is the sequel to Hercules and the Captive Women. It is one of the most appreciated films of its genre with Bava's direction and atmospheric sets elevating the film above the usual cheap standards.[citation needed]
 The Really Big Family is a 1966 American documentary film directed by Alexander Grasshoff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Zip the Dodger is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Assassination of a High School President is a 2008 American neo noir comedy film directed by Brett Simon written by Tim Calpin and Kevin Jakubowski and starring Reece Thompson Bruce Willis Mischa Barton and Michael Rapaport. It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.The film had been scheduled for limited theatrical release on February 27 2009 but that release was postponed indefinitely following the bankruptcy of its distributor Yari Film Group's releasing division.
 Camp de Thiaroye (also known as The Camp at Thiaroye) is a 1988 Senegalese war-drama film written and directed by Ousmane Sembene and Thierno Faty Sow.The film entered the competition at the 45th Venice International Film Festival in which it won the Special Jury Prize. The film depicts the Thiaroye Massacre happened in Thiaroye Dakar in 1944.The film is about the mutiny by and mass killing of French West African troops by French forces on the night of November 30 to December 1 1944.
 Badnam Basti is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Prem Kapoor. The film stars Nitin Sethi and Nadita Thakur.
 A Dream of Passion (Greek: Κραυγή Γυναικών translit. Kravgi gynaikon) is a 1978 Greek drama film directed by Jules Dassin. The story follows Melina Mercouri as an actress playing Medea who seeks out a mother portrayed by Ellen Burstyn in jail for murdering her own children.
 From Hell is a 2001 American horror mystery film directed by the Hughes brothers and loosely based on the graphic novel From Hell by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell about the Jack the Ripper murders.
 The Bamboo Saucer is a 1968 science fiction film about competing American and Russian teams that discover a flying saucer in Communist China.This was the final film of actor Dan Duryea. An alternate title for this film was Collision Course.
 The Other End of the Tunnel or De Andere Kant van de Tunnel is a 1994 Dutch film directed by Bob Entrop.
 Visitors is a 2003 thriller film dealing with the experiences of a young woman sailing solo on a yacht around the world. The loneliness makes her start to lose her sanity. The movie was directed by Richard Franklin and was produced by Jennifer Hadden. This film in some ways is close to the theme of The Shining by Stanley Kubrick. Director Richard Franklin attempts to create an atmosphere of isloation and cabin-fever phenomena in the lonely girl on the water.
 Last Summer is a 1969 coming-of-age movie about adolescent sexuality based on the Last Summer by Evan Hunter. Director Frank Perry filmed at Fire Island locations. The stars of the film are Catherine Burns Barbara Hershey Bruce Davison and Richard Thomas. The memorable performance by Burns brought her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and she won a Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award.
 Inquiring Nuns is 1968 Kartemquin Films production directed by Gordon Quinn and Gerald Temaner. In the film two young nuns visit a variety of locales in the city of Chicago asking people the question Are you happy? They meet a variety of individuals ranging from hippie musicians to intellectuals whose responses are everything from the mundane to the spiritual.
 Millionnaires d'un jour (English: Millionaires for one day) is a French comedy film from 1949 directed by André Hunebelle written by Alex Joffé and starring by Gaby Morlay. The film features Louis de Funès as solicitor.
 Que sera sera (Portuguese: Seja o que Deus Quiser!) is a 2002 Brazilian comedy film directed by Murilo Salles. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Road to Ruin is an Australian melodrama film directed by W.J. Lincoln. It was one of the first movies from Lincoln-Cass Films and is considered a lost film.
 Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation is a 1992 American direct-to-video animated film from Warner Bros. Animation and Amblin Entertainment. Plans for the film began as early as 1990 and it was released in March 1992.
 Lola and Billy the Kid (German title: Lola und Bilidikid) is a 1999 film scripted and directed by Kutluğ Ataman and produced in Germany. It gained a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 40%
 Secret (Hangul: 시크릿; MR: Sikʻŭrit) is a 2009 South Korean thriller film directed by Yoon Jae-goo.
 Freckles Comes Home is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough based on the novel by Jeannette Stratton-Porter that was a sequel to Freckles by her mother Gene Stratton-Porter.
 Hold-Up is a Franco-Canadian crime comedy from 1985 starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and directed by Alexandre Arcady. The screenplay by Arcady Daniel Saint-Hamont and Francis Veber is based on the novel Quick Change by Jay Cronley. The novel was filmed again as Quick Change in 1990 with Bill Murray starring and co-directing.
 Golden Ivory is a 1954 British adventure film shot in Kenya. It was directed by George P. Breakston and starred Robert Urquhart John Bentley and Susan Stephen. In the 1890s British pioneers settle in Kenya.
 Homeworld is a 2008 low-budget American science-fiction film directed by the Phillip Hudson written by Phillip Hudson and Glen Settle and starring Beau Ballinger Bronston DeLone Vance Harvey and Galen Howard.
 Dialogues with Madwomen is a 1993 documentary by Allie Light focusing on mental illness in women.
 Goke Body Snatcher from Hell (吸血鬼ゴケミドロ Kyuketsuki Gokemidoro) is a 1968 Japanese science fiction/horror film directed by Hajime Sato and released by Shochiku studios.
 The Outriders is a 1950 film.
 Commando – A One Man Army is a 2013 Hindi action thriller film directed by Dilip Ghosh and produced by Vipul Shah. The film features Vidyut Jamwal as the protagonist Pooja Chopra and Jaideep Ahlawat as main characters.The film opened to mixed reviews with major praise directed towards Jamwal's performance and was a moderate box office success.
 Muzikantská Liduška is a 1940 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 Work is a 1915 silent film starring Charlie Chaplin (his eighth film for Essanay Films) and co-starring Edna Purviance Marta Golden and Charles Insley. It was filmed at the Majestic Studio in Los Angeles.
 Carlota Joaquina Princess of Brazil (Portuguese: Carlota Joaquina Princesa do Brasil) is a 1995 Brazilian film directed and written by Carla Camurati. It stars Marieta Severo as Carlota Joaquina Marco Nanini as Dom João VI and Marcos Palmeira as Dom Pedro I.The film shows Carlota's efforts to conquer her enemies and become a queen. It tells a summarized tale mixing history with popular folk traditions from her childhood until her suicide.
 Changing Love is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Let's Live Tonight is a 1935 American musical comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Lilian Harvey Tullio Carminati and Janet Beecher. The film was made as part of an unsuccessful attempt to establish Harvey who was a top box office draw in Germany as a major star in Hollywood. Harvey was under contract to Fox but was loaned out to Columbia for the production.
 Blood Done Sign My Name is a 2010 drama film directed and written by Jeb Stuart.
 Crossed Tracks (French: Roman de gare) is a 2007 French film directed by Claude Lelouch (who appears in credits as Hervé Picard). The film follows a novelist her ghost writer and a wayward young woman as a chance encounter at a rest stop interrupts the delicate balance of their lives. French actor Dominique Pinon received wide praise for his rare turn as the film's leading man.
 According to Mathew is an upcoming 2014 film directed by Chandran Rutnam. It is a romance crime and thriller film based on the crimes of Rev.
 The Proprietor is a 1996 film. It is a U.S.-French co-production Merchant Ivory film directed by Ismail Merchant for Jeanne Moreau's request.
 Sultanat is an upcoming Pakistani action romance film and 30-episode television series created and directed by Syed Faisal Bukhari who had previously directed the top grossing film Bhai Log and produced by Aslam Bhatti who also plays the lead role. The film has a multi-star cast including actors from the Indian television industry. It is said to be most expensive film of Paksitani film industry. Pakistan's top famous writer Pervaiz Kaleem is writing screenplay and dialogue.
 Within the Law is a 1923 silent film drama directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Norma Talmadge. In 2009 the film was released on DVD along with Talmadge's 1926 film Kiki. Jane Cowl had starred in the original 1912 Broadway production of Bayard Veiller's play of the same name about a young woman sent to prison and comes out seeking revenge.
 Union Station is a 1950 crime drama directed by Rudolph Maté. The drama features William Holden Barry Fitzgerald and Nancy Olson among others.
 It's All Happening is a 1963 British musical film directed by Don Sharp and starring Tommy Steele Michael Medwin and Angela Douglas. A talent scout for a record company is frustrated by his lack of progress with his career. It is sometimes known under the alternative title The Dream Maker.
 This Bloody Blundering Business is a half-hour documentary film released in 1971. It examines the American occupation of the Philippines following the Spanish–American War. The film is characterized by its ragtime music combined with dramatically understated revelations of the attitudes of the Americans towards the native Filipinos.
 Marma Veeran (Tamil: மர்ம வீரன்; English: Mysterious Warrior) is a 1956 Tamil film written by A. L. Narayanan and directed by T. R. Raghunath and was produced by actor Sriram. The film starred Sriram and Vyjayanthimala in the lead roles with N. T. Rama Rao Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan in guest appearances with Rajasulochana Chittor V. Nagaiah P. S. Veerappa J. P. Chandrababu K. A. Thangavelu M. N. Rajam and T. S. Balaiah forms an ensemble cast. V.
 Hotel for Dogs is a 2009 American children's comedy film based on the 1971 Lois Duncan novel of the same name. The film directed by Thor Freudenthal and adapted by Jeff Lowell Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle stars Emma Roberts Jake T. Austin Troy Gentile Kyla Pratt Johnny Simmons Lisa Kudrow Kevin Dillon and Don Cheadle.
 Like Water for Chocolate is a 1992 film in the style of magical realism based on the popular novel published in 1989 by first-time Mexican novelist Laura Esquivel. It earned all 11 Ariel awards of the Mexican Academy of Motion Pictures including the Ariel Award for Best Picture and became the highest grossing Spanish-language film ever released in the United States at the time.
 A Night for Crime is a 1943 American film directed by Alexis Thurn-Taxis.
 Whiteout (ホワイトアウト Howaitoauto) is a 2000 Japanese film about a one-man fight against a terrorist attack at a dam in Japan starring Yuji Oda (織田裕二) and Nanako Matsushima (松嶋菜々子). It is a Die Hard-style movie made in Japan.
 Wildcats is a 1986 film starring Goldie Hawn and costarring Jan Hooks and Swoosie Kurtz. It is the film debut of Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson. They also appeared together in White Men Can't Jump and Money Train. LL Cool J made a guest appearance in this film also.
 The Lighthouse by the Sea is a 1924 silent film adventure produced by and distributed through Warner Brothers. The film's star is canine sensation Rin-Tin-Tin the most famous animal actor of the 20s. The film was directed by Malcolm St. Clair and is a surviving film with a print in the Library of Congress and several private collections.
 The Romance of an American Duchess is a 1915 American short silent drama film starring Richard C. Travers. Gloria Swanson had an uncredited role.
 Monseigneur Lefebvre un évêque dans la tempête (released as Marcel Lefebvre – Archbishop in Stormy Times in the US and UK) is a 2012 documentary film by French director Jacques-Régis du Cray primarily based on the biography A biography of Archbishop Lefebvre written by Bishop Bernard Tissier de Mallerais.Marcel Lefebvre (1905 – 1991) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop.
 Yathumaagi is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by S. Balakumar that stars newcomer Sachin and Sunaina in lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack composed by James Vasanthan. The film produced by Sakthi Sangavi and Mohana Sangavi under the Chola Creations banner was released on 12 March 2010 to critical acclaim while becoming a successful box office venture.
 Wide Awake (Hangul: 리턴; RR: Riteon; also known as Return) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 House of Traps is a 1982 Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh starring the Venom Mob. The story is based on the 19th-century novel The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants.
 The Reverse Be My Lot is a 1937 British drama film directed by Raymond Stross and starring Ian Fleming Marjorie Corbett and Mickey Brantford. A physician discovers a medicine to combat a major outbreak of disease. It is based on a novel by Margaret Morrison.
 Great Mazinger vs. Getter Robo (グレートマジンガー対ゲッターロボ Gurēto Majingā tai Gettā Robo) is an animated film produced by Toei based in the works of Go Nagai and Ken Ishikawa. The film premiered originally in March 21 1975 (1975-03-21) in Japan. It is a crossover between the super robot anime Great Mazinger and Getter Robo similar to the previous crossover film Mazinger Z vs. Devilman.
 Split Wide Open is a 1999 Indian film and is Dev Benegal's second feature film after English August. The film primarily deals with the Water conflicts in the slums of Bombay and paedophilia and also looks at the subversive sexuality in modern India and how the notions of morality are challenged when sex and poverty collide. The film came under harsh criticism when released in India and has been one of the most controversial Indian films.
 Dabangg (English: Audacious) is a 2010 Indian action film directed by Abhinav Kashyap and produced by Arbaaz Khan under the Arbaaz Khan Productions. The lead actors include Arbaaz's elder brother Salman Khan and Sonakshi Sinha. The film marks the debut of Sonakshi as an actress Arbaaz as a producer and Kashyap as a director.
 Dark Side Romance (Thai: เกิดอีกที ต้องมีเธอ or Goet iik thii tawng mii theu) is a 1995 Thai romantic fantasy film directed by Prachya Pinkaew.
 Tarzan and the She-Devil is a 1953 American film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan and Joyce MacKenzie as Jane. It also features Raymond Burr Tom Conway and Monique van Vooren who plays the She-Devil. The film was directed by Kurt Neumann. Tarzan is held captive during much of the movie and critics derided it as lacking action. This was Barker's fifth and final appearance as Edgar Rice Burroughs' ape-man.
 Heroína is a 1972 Argentine film.
 Australia Calls is a 1923 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford commissioned by the Australian government to be shown at the British Empire Exhibition in London in 1924. It was a semi-documentary about the adventures of Ernest Idiens a labourer from Staffordshire who moved to New South Wales with his brother in 1912 with only ₤30 between them and by 1923 had assets worth ₤14000.
 Recoil is a 1998 action/thriller film written by Richard Preston Jr. produced by Richard Pepin and Joseph Merhi directed by Art Camacho and starring Gary Daniels Gregory A. McKinney and Robin Curtis.
 Les Mystères du Château de Dé (English: The Mysteries of the Chateau of Dice) is a 1929 film directed by Man Ray. It depicts a pair of travellers setting off from Paris and travelling to the Villa Noailles in Hyères. At 27 minutes the film was the longest that Man Ray directed during his career.
 The Majorettes is a 1986 horror and slasher film. It was filmed at Cornell High School in the Pittsburgh suburb of Coraopolis. It was directed by S. William Hinzman who starred in George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead. It was written and produced by John A.
 Marines in the Making is a 1942 short propaganda film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer about the United States Marine Corps. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Subject One-reel in 1943.
 The Canterville Ghost based on the short story The Canterville Ghost is a 1986 made-for-TV family film directed by Paul Bogart. It was shot at Eastnor Castle. The film stars John Gielgud and Alyssa Milano.
 Tori Black Is Pretty Filthy is a 2009 American pornographic film directed by Mason and produced by Patrick Collins.
 A Night to Dismember is an American 1983 horror film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars pornographic actress Samantha Fox.
 14 Blades is a 2010 wuxia film directed by Daniel Lee starring Donnie Yen Zhao Wei Wu Chun Kate Tsui and Qi Yuwu. The film was released on 4 February 2010 in China and on 11 February 2010 in Hong Kong. It received mixed reviews with critics focusing on their praise on Yen and Zhao.
 Not Angels But Angels is a 1994 documentary film about young men in Prague working as prostitutes. The creator of the documentary Wiktor Grodecki interviews the men some of whom are underage to find out more about their lives and how they came to be making a living by selling sex. The film also explores the hopes and fears of the young men what they hope to be doing in the future and coping with the possibility of being infected with HIV.
 Flesh for the Beast is a 2003 fantasy-horror film directed and written by Terry M. West. The movie was released on September 27 2003 and surrounded a group of parapsychologists that investigate a haunted mansion and end up finding more than they intended. A graphic novel tie-in was released the following year through Media Blasters.
 Linha de Passe is a 2008 Brazilian film directed by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas. Written by Salles Thomas and Bráulio Mantovani the film stars Vinícius de Oliveira and Sandra Corveloni who won the Best Actress Award at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival for her role which was her first in a full-length motion picture.
 Karthik Calling Karthik is a 2010 Indian psychological thriller film written and directed by Vijay Lalwani and produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani under the banner of Excel Entertainment and Reliance Big Pictures. The film stars Farhan Akhtar and Deepika Padukone in lead roles. Ram Kapoor and Shefali Shah play supporting roles in the film. The film's music was composed by the trio of Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy while the background score was composed by MIDIval Punditz and Karsh Kale.
 Elite Squad (Portuguese: Tropa de Elite pronounced: [ˈtɾɔpɐ dʒi eˈlitʃi] lit. Elite Troop) is a 2007 Brazilian crime film directed by José Padilha. The film is a semi-fictional account of the Batalhão de Operações Policiais Especiais (BOPE) the Special Police Operations Squad of the Rio de Janeiro Military Police analogous to the American SWAT teams. It is the second feature film and first fiction film of Padilha who had previously directed the documentary Bus 174.
 Vastadu Naa Raju is a 2011 Indian Telugu-language action film directed by Hemant Madhukar. It stars Vishnu Manchu who has also produced the film and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles. While Gopal Reddy S has handled the camera the music is composed by Mani Sharma. The film released in February 2011.
 Giving Them Fits is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It was the first film to team up Lloyd with Snub Pollard and Bebe Daniels.
 Un drôle de paroissien is a 1963 French comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival. The film has been released under the name Heaven Sent in the English speaking world.
 Velankanni Mathave is a Malayalam language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Invisible Adversaries (German: Unsichtbare Gegner) is a 1977 Austrian experimental drama film directed by Valie Export her debut feature film.
 Our Gang Follies of 1936 is a 1935 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 140th Our Gang short to be released and the first of several musical entries in the series.
 The Opening of Misty Beethoven is an American hardcore pornography film released in 1976. It was produced with a relatively high budget and filmed on elaborate locations in Paris New York City and Rome with a musical score and it owes much to its fastidious director Radley Metzger (directing this film as Henry Paris).
 Conquest of Space is a 1955 Paramount Pictures Technicolor science fiction film produced by George Pal and directed by Byron Haskin which depicts the first voyage to the planet Mars. The science and technology depicted in the film were intended to be as realistic as possible. The movie poster's tagline reads: See how it will happen in your lifetime!
 The Adventures of Mark Twain is a 1944 American biographical film starring Fredric March as Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) and Alexis Smith as his wife Olivia. It was produced at Warner Brothers and directed by Irving Rapper with music by Max Steiner. It resulted in three Academy Award nominations at the 17th Academy Awards: Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration Black-and-White – John Hughes and Fred M.
 Heartaches is a 1981 comedy motion-picture written by Terence Heffman and directed by Donald Shebib. It stars Margot Kidder Annie Potts Winston Rekert and Robert Carradine. The movie is about a young woman Potts married to a stock car racer and carrying his friends' child. As she flees that scene her husband (Carradine) races alongside her bus. On this bus Potts' character meets the free spirited Kidder and the two women move in together planning to raise the baby.
 Last Stand is a film of the final concert appearances by Australian rock band Cold Chisel. It was filmed on 13 and 15 December 1983 and released to cinemas in July 1984. A DVD version featuring extra footage was issued in October 2005.
 Naan Avanillai (English: I'm not him) (2007) is a Tamil film directed by Selva. It is a remake of K. Balachander's classic of the same title starring matinee idol Gemini Ganesan which was a remake of 1962 Marathi language film To Mee Navhech (English: I Am Not Him) written by Pralhad K. Atre and acted by Prabhakar Panashikar. The thriller movie has Jeevan in the lead role and Sneha Namitha Malavika Jyorthirmayi and Keerti Chawla as his five heroines.
 Combat Academy (also known as Combat High) is an American 1986 comedy film by the creator of Police Academy Neal Israel.
 Delinquent Daughters or Accent on Crime is a 1944 exploitation film. Directed by Albert Herman and starring June Carlson the film was about a police investigation into the suicide death of a high school girl and the hard-partying teenagers at a party prior to the incident.
 By Way of the Stars is an action/adventure television mini-series co-produced in 1992 by Sullivan Entertainment and German Beta-Taurus Kirch Group that begins in 19th century Prussia then travels through post-U.S. Civil War Charleston to the ‘Canadas’ and the West. It is a young boy’s version of “Dances with Wolves”.
 Bons Baisers de Hong Kong (From Hong Kong with Love) is a 1975 French film directed by Yvan Chiffre. It is a parody of James Bond movies featuring Les Charlots with scenes shot in Hong Kong. Mickey Rooney featured in the film as well as Bernard Lee and Lois Maxwell stars of the James Bond films who appeared as M and Moneypenny respectively. Filmed at the Shaw Brothers studios in Hong Kong.
 The Projected Man (1967) is a British science fiction film which stars Mary Peach Bryant Haliday Norman Wooland and Ronald Allen. It was released in the United States by Universal Studios as a double bill with Island of Terror. The plot revolves around a scientist Dr. Paul Steiner experimenting with matter teleportation by means of a laser device.
 White Witch Doctor is a 1953 adventure film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Henry Hathaway and produced by Otto Lang from a screenplay by Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts based on the 1950 novel by Louise A. Stinetorf. The music score (notable for its use of the serpent an obsolete instrument) was by Bernard Herrmann and the cinematography by Leon Shamroy.The film stars Susan Hayward and Robert Mitchum also featuring Walter Slezak and was set in the Belgian Congo in 1907.
 Soft Cushions is a 1927 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and featuring Boris Karloff. It is a comic take by actor and producer Douglas MacLean on the 1911 Kismet play and 1920 silent film. It's listed as being lost by Arne Andersen's Lost Film Files website.
 Karz: The Burden of Truth is a 2002 Hindi Action film directed by Harry Baweja and produced by Kaushal Godha. The film features Sunny DeolSuniel Shetty and Shilpa Shetty as main characters.
 Kurt Cobain: About a Son is a documentary about Kurt Cobain that debuted at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It is directed by AJ Schnack. It was produced by Sidetrack Films. It features audio of interviews between Cobain and journalist Michael Azerrad done for the book Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana set over ambient cinematography of the places which Kurt Cobain called his home mainly Aberdeen Olympia and Seattle.
 The Naked Truth is a 1957 British film comedy starring Terry-Thomas Peter Sellers and Dennis Price. Peggy Mount Shirley Eaton and Joan Sims also appear. It was produced and directed by Mario Zampi and written by Michael Pertwee.
 Thanksgiving is a 2006 slasher short film produced by Screen Screams Pictures. The film was written produced cast directed shot edited marketed and released all in less than twenty-one days.
 The Girl from Missouri is a 1934 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Jean Harlow and Franchot Tone. The movie was written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway.
 The Best House in London is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Philip Saville and starring David Hemmings Joanna Pettet George Sanders Warren Mitchell John Bird Maurice Denham and Bill Fraser.
 Som sendt fra himlen (English: As sent from Heaven) is a 1951 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen.
 14 Women is a 2007 documentary film that was directed by Mary Lambert and narrated by Annette Bening. The film released on June 14 2007 and focuses on several female Senators at the 109th United States Congress.
 Yodok Stories is a documentary film directed by Polish documentary screenwriter and director Andrzej Fidyk and produced by Torstein Grude. Today more than 200000 men women and children face torture starvation and murder in North Korea's concentration camps.
 Bombay: Our City (Hamara Sahar) is a 1985 Indian documentary film directed by Anand Patwardhan.
 It Happens Every Spring is a 1949 comedy film starring Ray Milland and directed by Lloyd Bacon. The story of a baseball pitcher is completely fictitious and the main character King Kelly is not based on or related to the actual player.
 Madol Duwa (Sinhala Mangrove Island) is a 1976 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries. The film stars Ajith Jinadasa as Upali a young rebellious youth who travels to a small island to get away from the restrictive society around him.The film is based on Martin Wickremasinghe's novel Madol Doova. It was a commercial success.
 Forbidden Temptations or Italian: Tentazioni proibite is a 1965 Italian documentary film directed by Osvaldo Civirani.
 The Mighty Gorga is an American science fiction film. Released in 1969 by an independent company the film is the brainchild of David L. Hewitt. The storyline concerns a couple hunting for a giant gorilla (The Mighty Gorga) in Africa for financial gain. Filmed on a minuscule budget it has become notorious for its poor special effects.
 Capitales del Fútbol (English: Football Capitals) is a documentary-series produced by ESPN's International Marketing Solutions group in collaboration with Juan José Campanella's Academy Award-winning studio 100Bares. The show which profiles cities where football is a way of life originally premiered across Latin America in April 2011. Entering a third season the show has expanded to include the US.
 Go Go Second Time Virgin (ゆけゆけ二度目の処女 Yuke Yuke Nidome no Shojo) is a 1969 Japanese film by Kōji Wakamatsu.
 La Patrulla chiflada is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Walking and Talking is a 1996 independent film starring Catherine Keener Anne Heche Todd Field Liev Schreiber and Kevin Corrigan.Walking and Talking is a story about two women best friends and how they deal with their changing relationship as one (Heche) prepares to get married and the other (Keener) struggles with single life in New York City. Schreiber and Corrigan play love interests of Keener's while Field plays Heche's fiance.
 Kasam is a Nepali movie(1993) that stars Rajesh Hamal Kristi Mainali Beena Budhathoki Shree Krishna Shresthaand Jagan Shreshtha. It also stars Saroj Khanal and Mausami Malla in a guest appearance role in chart buster song Ban Maa Phoolyo Phool. Rajesh Hamal and Kristi Mainali were together for third time seen in this movie after Yug Dekhi Yug Samma and Deuki.
 Manju (English: The Mist) is a 1983 Malayalam film based on the novel of the same name by M. T. Vasudevan Nair. The film was scripted and directed by M. T. Vasudevan Nair himself and stars Sangeeta Naik Nanditha Bose Indira Sankar Mohan and Desh Maheshwari.
 Bhrashtachar (Corruption) is a Hindi film is directed by Ramesh Sippy and released in 1989. It stars Rekha and Mithun Chakraborty in lead roles. Shilpa Shirodkar makes her debut with this film. Rajinikanth made an extended special appearance.Producer: G.P.Sippy
 Billy: The Early Years is a 2008 American biographical film directed by Robby Benson. The film recounts the story of the world renowned evangelist Billy Graham played by Armie Hammer creating a portrayal of Billy’s life from the mid-1930s to the late 1940s when Billy Graham finds himself speaking in his famous Los Angeles crusade.
 Twinkle Twinkle Lucky Stars (Chinese: 夏日福星) is a 1985 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Jackie Chan and Yuen Biao. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 15 August 1985.It is the third instalment in the Lucky Stars series following Winners and Sinners (1983) and My Lucky Stars (1985). As with its prequel the film features Jackie Chan in a supporting role.
 La grande strada azzurra (English: The Wide Blue Road) is a 1957 Italian romance drama film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and Maleno Malenotti.
 The Wee Man is a 2013 Scottish Gangster film directed by Ray Burdis depicting the true life story of Scottish criminal Paul Ferris. It stars Martin Compston and John Hannah.The film was deemed so controversial that Strathclyde police refused to help the film-makers make the film in Glasgow. (Paul's Home City) Film makers had to film in London instead due to no support from legal authorities in Glasgow
 Pardon is a 2005 Turkish comedy film.
 Vanya on 42nd Street is a 1994 film by Louis Malle and Andre Gregory. The film is an intimate interpretive performance of the play Uncle Vanya by Anton Chekhov as adapted by David Mamet. The film stars Wallace Shawn and Julianne Moore.
 IRL is a Swedish 2013 drama film directed by Erik Leijonborg and starring Valter Skarsgård Happy Jankell and Alba August.
 The Rains of Ranchipur is a 1955 film drama made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Jean Negulesco and produced by Frank Ross from a screenplay by Merle Miller based on the novel The Rains Came by Louis Bromfield. The music score was by Hugo Friedhofer and the cinematography by Milton R.
 The Night Heaven Fell (Les bijoutiers du claire de lune) is a 1958 French-Italian film directed by Roger Vadim. Vadim had already acquired international fame with his daring debut And God Created Woman (1956). Like its predecessor The Night Heaven Fell explored the exuberant sensuality of Brigitte Bardot who was Vadim's wife at the time.
 Anita is a 1967 Indian suspense film directed and written by Raj Khosla and starring Manoj Kumar and Sadhana. The film is the last of the suspense-thriller trilogy of Khosla-Sadhana partnership. Woh Kaun Thi? (1964) and Mera Saaya (1966) were the two previous films in the series.
 Ennai Vittu Pogaathe is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by T.K.Bose starring Ramarajan and Sabitha Anand in lead roles.
 Kodama Simham (English: Majestic Lion) is a 1990 Telugu Cowboy film starring Chiranjeevi in the lead role. Mohan Babu Bollywood actor Pran Sonam and Radha play other important roles. Dubbed in Hindi as Main Hoon Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi.
 Crashin' Thru is a 1923 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 Oliver Twist is a lost 1916 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by James Young. It is based on the famous novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens and the 1912 Broadway stage version of the novel. Marie Doro had played Oliver on Broadway in 1912 to much acclaim and was brought in by Lasky to reprise her role in this film. In fact the main reason this film was made was to showcase Doro rather than Dickens.
 Night of the Juggler is a 1980 action-thriller film starring James Brolin.
 Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi (Hindi: चलती का नाम गाडी; That which runs is a Vehicle) is a 1958 Indian comedy film. The film featured Kishore Kumar his two brothers Anoop Kumar and Ashok Kumar and Madhubala. Kishore Kumar sang many of the songs in the film along with Asha Bhosle. The music was composed by SD Burman and the lyrics were written by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 Das Millionenspiel (The Game of Millions; sometimes translated as Chance for a Million) is a German action/sci-fi television film of 1970 directed by Tom Toelle and starring Jörg Pleva Suzanne Roquette and Dieter Thomas Heck. It was aired on 18 October 1970 by the ARD. Wolfgang Menge wrote the screenplay adapting the short story The Prize of Peril by the American writer Robert Sheckley. Wolfgang Menge and Tom Toelle received the 1971 Prix Italia for best television movie.
 Dakshayagnam (English: (lit.) The fire sacrifice of Daksha) is a 1938 Tamil film directed by Raja Chandrasekhar. It starred V. A. Chellappa N. S. Krishnan T. A. Mathuram in the main roles. M. G. Ramachandran played a minor role in the film as Lord Vishnu. The film was the first talkie version based on Dakshayagnam the story of Daksha. The plot of the movie was based on the story of Daksha.
 Ahir Bhairav is an Assamese language film directed by Siva Prasad Thakur and produced by Dr Ronen Sarma a UK-based Assamese NRI under the banner of Rondeep Productions (UK) Ltd. This is the first ever Assamese movie crossing the budget of Rs 1 crore and entirely shot in the UK. It has been chosen by the British Film Institute London to be preserved in its archive.
 Sheerluck Holmes and the Golden Ruler is the twenty-second episode in the VeggieTales series. It was released in early 2006 in both DVD and VHS format. Subtitled A Lesson in Friendship it features two stories that illustrate what it means to be a good friend. The first is a parody of Don Quixote de la Mancha by Miguel de Cervantes. The second is a parody of the Sherlock Holmes novels and stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 It's the Old Army Game (1926) is a silent film comedy starring W. C. Fields and Louise Brooks.
 Mera ur kärlekens språk (More from the Language of Love a.k.a. More about the Language of Love) is a 1970 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman. It is a sequel to the 1969 film Language of Love and had a sequel in 1971 Kärlekens XYZ.
 Paarvai Ondre Podhume is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2001. The film's soundtrack by Bharani was a surprise success particularly the songs Ye Asainthadum Thirumba thirumba and Thuli Thuliyaai.
 The Distinguished Gentleman (1992) is a comedy starring Eddie Murphy. The film was directed by Jonathan Lynn. In addition to Murphy the film stars Lane Smith Sheryl Lee Ralph Joe Don Baker James Garner Victoria Rowell Grant Shaud Kevin McCarthy Charles S. Dutton Victor Rivers Chi Sonny Jim Gaines and Noble Willingham.The film's plot is centered on politics specifically what members of the Congress and lobbyists do to get what they want in Washington D.C.
 Youngblood is a 1986 drama film directed co-produced and co-written by Peter Markle and starring Rob Lowe Patrick Swayze Cynthia Gibb and is also Keanu Reeves' first film appearance.
 The Twelve Gold Medallions is a 1970 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Cheng Gang and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio starring Yueh Hua Chin Ping Cheng Miu Lisa Chiao Chiao and Fan Mei-sheng.
 For a Moment Freedom (German: Ein Augenblick Freiheit; French: Pour un instant la liberté) is a 2008 film written and directed by Austrian-Iranian filmmaker Arash T. Riahi.
 Daddy's Gone A-Hunting (1925) is a drama film directed by Frank Borzage based upon a play by Zoë Akins with adaptation by Kenneth B. Clarke. The film brought together Vitagraph leading lady Alice Joyce and English actor Percy Marmont after his success with If Winter Comes. This is the only film either of the main stars made for MGM. The film was remade in 1931 as Women Love Once. A print survives in the Narodni Filmovy Archiv.
 Aaghat is a 2010 Marathi film directed by veteran movie and stage actor Vikram Gokhale. Produced by Sprint Arts Creations Pvt. Ltd. and producers Mohan Damle Sanjay Sathaye and Shriram Dandekar the film is based on a story written by Dr Nitin Lavangare. The cast of the film includes actors Vikram Gokhale Mukta Barve Kadambari Kadam and Dr Amol Kolhe.
 Mallammana Pavaada (Kannada: ಮಲ್ಲಮ್ಮನ ಪವಾಡ) is a 1969 Kannada film directed by Puttanna Kanagal. The film is based on the novel Mallammana Pavaada written by B. Puttaswamayya.
 Sleep (1963) is a film by Andy Warhol which consists of long take footage of John Giorno his close friend at the time sleeping for five hours and 20 minutes. The film was one of Warhol's first experiments with filmmaking and was created as an anti-film. Warhol would later extend this technique to his eight-hour-long film Empire.Sleep premiered on January 17 1964 presented by Jonas Mekas at Film-makers' Cooperative.
 Married to a Lie is a Finnish television miniseries (4 x 45 min.) produced by Vertigo Production in 2008.Married to a Lie received the award for Best Miniseries of 2009 at the Venla Finnish Television Awards gala 2010.
 Silent Dust is a 1949 British drama/thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Sally GrayStephen MurrayDerek Farr and Nigel Patrick. The screenplay was by Michael Pertwee adapted from his own play The Paragon. The film was shot in film noir style with dramatic use of light and shadow. A contemporary review in the Australian The Age credited it as first-class screen fare...strong drama...(which) combines a good and arresting story with first class acting.
 Cleopatra is a 2003 Argentine film directed by Eduardo Mignogna and starring Norma Aleandro Natalia Oreiro Leonardo Sbaraglia and Héctor Alterio. The plot of the movie closely follows that of Thelma & Louise.
 Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum (2009) is the retelling of Edgar Allan Poe's classic The Pit and the Pendulum with a new twist. The film is directed by David DeCoteau and stars Lorielle New Stephen Hansen and Bart Viotila.
 Sahara Love is a 1926 British-Spanish silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Marie Colette Jean Dehelly and Sybil Rhoda. It was based on a novel by A.L. Vincent. The production company held a competition the winner of which was given a leading role in the film.
 In the Wee Wee Hours... is a 1987 American short documentary film about homeless people in Los Angeles directed by Izak Ben-Meir. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Petticoat Pirates is a 1961 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Charlie Drake Anne Heywood Cecil Parker John Turner and Thorley Walters.
 Afraid to Die (からっ風野郎 Karakkaze Yarō) is a 1960 Japanese yakuza film directed by Yasuzo Masumura and starring Yukio Mishima.
 Laugh at My Pain is a 2011 stand-up comedy documentary film of comedian Kevin Hart. It includes Kevin Hart reprising his comedic self in a new barrage of jokes. Kevin Hart performed a stand-up special at the Nokia Theater at L.A. Live in Los Angeles.
 The Air Circus is a 1928 American feature film directed by Howard Hawks the first of his aviation films.The plot concerns two students (Arthur Lake and David Rollins) encountering an accomplished aviator (Sue Carol) in flight school and learning to fly. The Air Circus is Hawks' seventh feature and the first with sound dialog. The film was completely finished as a silent when the studio commissioned dialog from screenwriter F.
 Captain America is a 1990 American-Yugoslavian superhero film directed by Albert Pyun. The film is based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name. While the film takes several liberties with the comic's storyline it features Steve Rogers becoming Captain America during World War II to battle the Red Skull being frozen in ice and subsequently being revived to save the President of the United States from a crime family that dislikes his environmentalist policies.
 Mea Yeung is a 2004 Khmer family film. It stars Tep Rundaro and Prum Ratha
 Doppia coppia con Regina is a 1972 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 America Ammayi (Telugu: అమెరికా అమ్మాయి) is a 1976 Telugu film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao. A remake of the 1975 Tamil film Melnaattu Marumagal the cross over film was based on the story of Telugu cultural importance in comparison to the western culture. French dancer Anne Chaymotty later became Devayani acted in the main role. She was learning Kuchipudi dance from Vempati Chinna Satyam. The film was big hit and Ranganath as actor Srinivasa Rao as director got very good name. G. K.
 Little Fockers (known as Meet the Parents: Little Fockers in the United Kingdom and Southeast Asia) is a 2010 American comedy film and sequel to Meet the Parents (2000) and Meet the Fockers (2004). It stars Robert De Niro Ben Stiller Owen Wilson Blythe Danner Teri Polo Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand. The first film in the series not to be directed by Jay Roach it is instead directed by Paul Weitz with Roach as one of the producers.
 The Seventh Victim is a 1943 horror and film noir starring Tom Conway Jean Brooks Isabel Jewell Kim Hunter (in her first film) and Hugh Beaumont directed by Mark Robson and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures. The film focuses on a young woman who stumbles upon an underground cult of Satanists in Greenwich Village while searching for her missing sister.
 The Long Memory is a black and white 1953 film directed by Robert Hamer and based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Howard Clewes. A crime thriller filmed on the North Kent Marshes on the Thames Estuary and the dingy backstreets of Gravesend (now long since demolished) its bleak setting and grim atmosphere have led to its acclaim as a British example of film noir.
 Deal of the Century is a 1983 American comedy film directed by William Friedkin and starring Chevy Chase Gregory Hines and Sigourney Weaver. The film follows the adventures of several arms dealers that compete to sell weapons to a South American dictator.
 Women Love Diamonds is a 1927 black and white silent melodrama directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Pauline Starke Owen Moore and Lionel Barrymore.
 Kampen mod uretten is a 1949 Danish drama film directed by Ole Palsbo and written by Leck Fischer based in the novel by Sven Sabroe. The film starred Karin Nellemose and Mogens Wieth. Both received Bodil Awards for their roles with Nellemose receiving Bodil Award for Best Actress and Wieth winning Bodil Award for Best Actor.
 Robotech: The Movie also called Robotech: The Untold Story is a 1986 American-Japanese science fiction animated film based on the Robotech TV series and Robotech franchise created by Harmony Gold USA. The 1986 theatrical film used footage from part one of Megazone 23 spliced with The Southern Cross and had only a tenuous link to the television series.
 I'm in the Revue (Italian: Botta e risposta) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Prince of Patiala is an upcoming Punjabi film directed by Shafaq Khan and produced by Darshan Singh Grewal starring actor and singer Babbu Maan.
 Something for Joey was a 1977 made-for-TV movie (sports/family/true-life dramatization) about the relationship between college football player John Cappelletti (portrayed by Marc Singer) and his younger brother Joey (Jeff Lynas). Other cast members included Linda Kelsey and Steve Guttenberg. It appeared on the NBC television network later repeating on NBC and CBS.
 Dead Line is an Argentine thriller which also contains horror elements written and directed by Sergio Esquenazi. It stars Andrés Bagg Virginia Lustig Oliver Kolker Chris Longo and Brent Garlock. It was distributed by The Asylum.
 The Rise and Fall of a White Collar Hooligan is a 2012 British crime film directed by Paul Tanter.
 Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi a 2003 Indian film made by director Sudhir Mishra in 2003 but released in 2005. Set against the backdrop of the Indian Emergency the movie tells the story of three youngsters in the 70s when India was undergoing massive social and political changes.
 Inuuvunga: I Am Inuk I Am Alive is a joint 58-minute 2004 documentary about Inuit high school students in Inukjuak Quebec Nunavik (Quebec) documenting their final year in the high school.
 Where There's a Will is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Kathleen Harrison George Cole Leslie Dwyer and Michael Shepley. A family from east London take over a farm in the Devon countryside. The screenplay was written by R.F. Delderfield who adapted one of his own plays.
 The Divorce of Lady X is a 1938 British romantic comedy film made by London Films and distributed by United Artists. It was directed by Tim Whelan and produced by Alexander Korda from a screenplay by Ian Dalrymple and Arthur Wimperis adapted by Lajos Bíró from the play Counsel's Opinion by Gilbert Wakefield.
 Rangeela (Hindi: रंगीला) is a 1995 Indian Hindi romantic comedy drama film directed by Ram Gopal Varma and starring Aamir Khan Jackie Shroff and Urmila Matondkar. The film was A. R. Rahman's debut Hindi film with an original score as the previous ones were dubbed from his Tamil scores. The soundtrack features playback singer Udit Narayan Asha Bhosle Hariharan Kavita Krishnamurthy Suresh Wadkar Chitra Swarnalatha Shweta Shetty young Aditya Narayan and A. R.
 Spartacus is a 1960 American epic historical drama film directed by Stanley Kubrick and starring Kirk Douglas as the rebellious slave of the title. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was based on the novel Spartacus by Howard Fast.
 Official Denial is a 1994 science fiction thriller about a man who is abducted by aliens.The film was shot on the Gold Coast Queensland.
 It's a Big Country is a 1951 anthology film directed by among others Clarence Brown John Sturges Richard Thorpe Charles Vidor Don Weis and William A. Wellman.
 Kshamichu Ennoru Vakku is a 1986 Malayalam film by Joshiy.
 Alien Raiders is a 2008 American science fiction horror film starring Carlos Bernard Rockmond Dunbar and Mathew St. Patrick. The film is Ben Rock's first feature film as a director. The film was produced by Daniel Myrick John Shiban and Tony Krantz and was released by Warner Home Video and Raw Feed in September 2008.
 Millions of Years Ahead of Man is a 1975 West German short documentary film produced by Manfred Baier. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Pournami is a Malayalam language film directed by Alby. It stars Sunny Wayne and Tovino Thomas. This is named as a road movie. This films is being shot in Seven Different states of India and first schedule is which started in The Capital of India New Delhi and closed in Manali. Second Schedule will be in the snowing Himalayas somewhere in Ladak.
 Young Mr. Jazz is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 The Final Destination (also known as Final Destination 4) is a 2009 American horror film written by Eric Bress and directed by David R. Ellis both of whom also worked on Final Destination 2. Released on August 28 2009 it is the fourth installment of the Final Destination film series and the first to be shot in HD 3D. It is currently the highest grossing Final Destination film earning $186 million worldwide but also received the worst critical reception of the franchise.
 La Habanera is a 1937 German melodramatic feature film directed by Detlev Sierck (later Douglas Sirk). Zarah Leander recently signed by UFA is the main star in the lead role of Astrée Sternhjelm and performs its title song La Habanera. Like many of her films of this era it proved an enormous box office success.
 The Black Cat (Italian: Black Cat (Gatto nero)) is a 1981 Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci. The film is based loosely on the story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe and uses the violent style that typified the director's later career following films like Don't Torture a Duckling (1972).
 Little Mister Jim is a 1946 film.
 Talk of the Devil is a 1936 British crime film directed by Carol Reed and starring Ricardo Cortez Sally Eilers and Basil Sydney. A dishonest shipbuilder plans to frame his half-brother for his own criminal activities. It was the first film to be completely made at Pinewood Studios.
 Black Tar Heroin: The Dark End of the Street is a 1999 documentary directed by Steven Okazaki. Filmed from 1995 to 1998 in the Tenderloin San Francisco California the documentary describes the lives of heroin addicts.
 The Call of the Entrepreneur is a 2007 documentary produced by Acton Media part of the Acton Institute along with Cold Water Media. It premiered in Grand Rapids Michigan USA on May 17 2007.
 Evil also known as Το Κακό in Greek is 2005 Greek zombie horror film. The film is notable for being the first Greek zombie movie.
 Evil Brain from Outer Space is a 1964 film edited together for American television from films #7 #8 and #9 of the Japanese short film series Super Giant filmed in 1958.
 Shadows of Paris is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Pola Negri Charles de Rochefort and Huntley Gordon. A young woman rises from an apache dancer to become a wealthy woman in post-World War I Paris. It was based on the play Mon Homme by Francis Carco and André Picard.
 Tess is a 1979 romance film directed by Roman Polanski an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's 1891 novel Tess of the d'Urbervilles. It tells the story of a strong-willed young peasant girl (played by Nastassja Kinski) who finds out she has title connections by way of her old aristocratic surname and who is raped by her wealthy cousin (Leigh Lawson) whose right to the family title may not be as strong as he claims. The screenplay was by Gérard Brach John Brownjohn and Roman Polanski.
 Prabhat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941 starring P. Jairaj.
 The Break-Up Artist is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Steve Woo starring Amanda Crew Ryan Kennedy Moneca Delain Peter Benson Ali Liebert Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and Serinda Swan.
 Vayasu Pilichindi (Telugu: వయసు పిలిచింది) is a 1978 Telugu dubbed film directed by C. V. Sridhar. It is the dubbed version of the Tamil film Ilamai Oonjal Aadukirathu (1978). The film became a big hit due to the music. The director remade the film in Hindi as Dil-E-Nadaan (1982) starring Rajesh Khanna Shatrughan Sinha Smita Patil and Jayapradha which fethched 4.3 crores at the box office.
 Tonio Kröger is a 1964 West German drama film directed by Rolf Thiele based on the short story of the same name. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Mitten (Russian: Варежка Varezhka) is a 1967 Soviet film by Roman Kachanov. The film received international recognition.
 Out of Our Minds (often abbreviated as OOOM) is a 2009 fantasy film written by Melissa Auf der Maur and directed by Tony Stone.
 For other uses see Sherlock Holmes (disambiguation)Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is a 2011 British-American action mystery film directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver Lionel Wigram Susan Downey and Dan Lin. It is a sequel to the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes based on the titular character created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The screenplay is written by Michele Mulroney and Kieran Mulroney. Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law reprise their roles as Sherlock Holmes and Dr.
 The Horror at 37000 Feet is an American horror television movie made for CBS Television by David Lowell Rich. The film first aired in 1973. In the movie demonic forces terrorize the passengers on a Boeing 747 en route from London to New York.William Shatner who 10 years earlier had starred in the Twilight Zone episode Nightmare at 20000 Feet plays the lead role.
 Bienvenue en Suisse is a 2004 French-Swiss comedy film directed by Léa Fazer. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sabaash Mapillai is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1960s.
 A Fantastic Tale of Naruto (鳴門秘帖 Naruto Hichō) is a 1957 Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa.
 Doctor You've Got to Be Kidding! is a 1967 film directed by Peter Tewksbury. It stars Sandra Dee and George Hamilton.
 Légère et court vêtue (English: Light and court dressed) is a French comedy film from 1954 directed by Jean Laviron written by Jean Guitton starring Madeleine Lebeau and Louis de Funès. The scenario was based on the work of Jean Guitton – Un amour fou (A crazy love).
 Corner Store (2010) is a documentary film about Yousef an owner of a corner grocery store in San Francisco produced and directed by Katherine Bruens and Sean Gillane acting as both cinematographer and co-writer. Filming began in December 2009.Yousef Elhaj an owner of a corner grocery store in San Francisco is the focus of Corner Store. The film is structured as a first-person narrative with an informal and intimate tone and shot largely as cinema vérité.
 Grotesque is a 1988 horror film that was directed by Joe Tornatore. Linda Blair who previously starred in The Exorcist starred in the film and was the associate producer. It was filmed at Big Bear Lake.
 Academy Award Review of Walt Disney Cartoons was a Walt Disney animated film released in the United States on May 19 1937 for a limited time to help promote the upcoming release of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. It was a collection of five Oscar-winning Silly Symphonies shorts bridged together with title cards and a narrator. Like The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh each of the cartoons had been released on its own at first before being fused together as one film.
 The Hospital is a 1971 satirical film by Paddy Chayefsky (as per the opening credits). The film was directed by Arthur Hiller and starred George C. Scott as Dr. Herbert Bock. The script was written by Chayefsky who was awarded the 1972 Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. Chayefsky also narrates the film and was one of the producers; he had complete control over the casting and content of the film.
 A Skin A Night is a 2008 documentary film featuring the American indie rock band The National. The film is directed by Vincent Moon and was released simultaneously with the band's compilation The Virginia EP on May 20 2008. The film documents the recording process of the band's fourth studio album Boxer (2007).
 Lost in Thailand (Chinese: 人再囧途之泰囧; pinyin: rén zài jiǒng tú zhī tài jiŏng) is a 2012 Chinese comedy film directed and co-written by Xu Zheng and starring Xu Zheng Wang Baoqiang and Huang Bo. The film is about two businessmen who go searching for their boss in Thailand and then meet up with a tourist eager to explore the country.
 Angel-A directed by Luc Besson is a 2005 French fantasy and romantic drama film featuring Jamel Debbouze and Rie Rasmussen. The film premiered in the United States at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival.
 Pyar Ke Naam Qurbaan is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Babbar Subhash starring Mithun Chakraborty Dimple Kapadia Mandakini and Danny Denzongpa
 The Toth Family (Hungarian: Isten hozta őrnagy úr!) is a 1969 Hungarian comedy-drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Agent Cody Banks is an American Action comedy film directed by Harald Zwart. Its story follows the adventures of the 15-year-old title character played by Frankie Muniz who has to finish his chores avoid getting grounded and save the world by going undercover for the CIA as a James Bond type superspy. Hilary Duff Angie Harmon Keith David Cynthia Stevenson Daniel Roebuck Darrell Hammond Ian McShane and Arnold Vosloo co-star. The film was filmed in British Columbia.
 Hate for Hate (Italian: Odio per odio Spanish: Odio por odio) is a 1967 Italian-Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Les Écuelles is a 1983 Burkinabé film.
 Hero Wanted is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Brian Smrz in his directorial debut and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. Ray Liotta Kim Coates and Norman Reedus. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on April 29 2008.
 Whatever Love Means is a TV movie about Camilla Parker Bowles and Prince Charles. it premiered in December 2005 on ITV1.
 Honganasu is a 2008 Indian Kannada-language romance film written and directed by Rathnaja of Nenapirali fame. The film stars Prem Kumar in lead role whereas debutant Anjali and Anuradha Mehta play the female leads. Ananth Nag plays a very important role in the film.The film is produced by Nenapirali Movies. The film failed to live up to the expectations and eventually became a box-office disaster.
 The Ballad of Uhlans (Уланская баллада) is a 2012 Russian historical adventure film. It is directed by Oleg Fesenko and stars Sergei Bezrukov Anna Chipovskaya Anton Sokolov and Vladimir Gostyukhin. The film premiere is expected in November 1 2012.
 Dear Mr. Gacy is a 2010 Canadian drama thriller film directed by Svetozar Ristovski starring William Forsythe and Jesse Moss. The film is based on Jason Moss's memoir The Last Victim.
 Dead Man on Campus is a 1998 dark comedy film starring Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Tom Everett Scott. It centers on the urban legend that a student gets straight As if his or her roommate commits suicide (see pass by catastrophe). Two friends attempt to find a depressed roommate in order to push him over the edge and receive As. To boost ticket sales in the theater the film's US release was timed with the start of the new college school year in late August 1998.
 Geheimarchiv an der Elbe is an East German war film set in the last days of World War II in Europe and directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen. It was released in 1963.
 The Class of Nuke 'Em High 3: The Good the Bad and the Subhumanoid is a 1994 comedy horror science-fiction film directed by Eric Louzil and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 La dottoressa ci sta col colonnello is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini starring Lino Banfi with Nadia Cassini. The film is a late installment of the genre combining 1970s' soldatessa and dottoressa themes (made popular by Edwige Fenech) with abundant absurd comedy elements a year after Cassini's breakthrough film L'insegnante balla... con tutta la classe.
 Agnee Morcha is a 1993 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Bad Company is a 1972 American Western film directed by Robert Benton who also co-wrote the film with David Newman.
 Say It with Sables (1928) is a silent drama film directed by Frank Capra and produced by Harry Cohn for Columbia Pictures. Columbia no longer has a negative or print of this film so the film is now considered a lost film. Various film festivals have run a surviving trailer for the film during retrospectives of Capra's work.
 The Last Performance (1929) was the last American silent film featuring Conrad Veidt before he returned to Germany. Two versions were made - a silent version and Movietone version complete with music talking sequences and sound effects. The silent version was first played at the Variety at the Little Carnegie Theater in New York in November 1929.
 20000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1985 Australian made-for-television animated film from Burbank Films Australia. The film is based on Jules Verne's classic novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea and was adapted by Stephen MacLean. It was produced by Tim Brooke-Hunt and featured original music by John Stuart. The copyright in this film is now owned by Pulse Distribution and Entertainment and administered by digital rights management firm NuTech Digital.
 Highway To Dhampus is a movie made by producer John de Blas Williams and director Rick McFarland. Along with the American actor Gunner Wright who has previously worked in movies like ‘Love’ and ‘Dead Space” Nepalese movie star Raj Ballav Koirala will also be seen sharing space in the movie.
 Restless Knights is the sixth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Powers That Prey is a 1918 silent comedy-drama film directed by Henry King. The film is based on the story Extra! Extra! by Will M. Ritchey.Though critics were negative about the film director King reported he enjoyed working with actress Mary Miles Minter.
 The Inheritance (Danish: Arven) is a 2003 Danish film directed by Per Fly. It is released as Inheritance in the United Kingdom.The Screenplay was written by Kim Leona Per Fly and Mogens Rukov produced by Ib Tardini and starred Ulrich Thomsen and Lisa Werlinder.
 Good Morning Babylon (Italian: Good morning Babilonia) is an Italian film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani in 1987. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.The film follows the story of two Italian brothers who emigrate to America and find work as set designers for D.W. Griffith's silent film epic Intolerance (1916).
 Everything Will Be OK is a 2006 animated short film by Don Hertzfeldt. It is the first chapter of a three-part story about a man named Bill. Hertzfeldt released the second film in the series titled I Am So Proud of You in 2008. The final chapter It's Such a Beautiful Day was released in 2011.
 Over the Brooklyn Bridge is a 1984 American comedy film directed by Menahem Golan.
 Sharapanjara (Kannada: ಶರಪಂಜರ) (English: Cage of Arrows) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal based on a novel by Triveni of the same name and starring Kalpana and Gangadhar in lead roles. The film won the award for Best Feature Film in Kannada at the 20th National Film Awards in 1972.
 Malicious is a 1996 American thriller film starring Molly Ringwald and Patrick McGaw. The plot follows a star college baseball player (McGaw) who has a fling with a disturbed woman (Ringwald) who begins to stalk him.The film's main character has been discussed by psychiatrists and film experts and has been used as a film illustration for the psychiatric entity known as borderline personality disorder.
 A Girl of Yesterday was a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and distributed by Paramount Pictures and Famous Players-Lasky. The film starred Mary Pickford (who also wrote the scenario) as an older woman who was closer to her real age. Before this film Pickford was mainly cast in little girl roles which were popular with the public.
 Sukhi Jeevan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Sømænd og svigermødre is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Dirch Passer.
 Kasam Paida Karne Wale Ki is a 1984 Indian Hindi feature film produced & directed by Babbar Subhash starring Mithun Chakraborty Smita Patil Salma Agha Karan Razdan Geeta Siddharth and Amrish Puri. It was Super Hit at box office.
 Love at Sea (French: L’Amour à la mer) is a 1965 French film written and directed by Guy Gilles.
 The Trust is a 1915 silent drama film directed by and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Love We Make is a cinéma vérité documentary film by Albert Maysles. The film chronicles Paul McCartney's experiences in New York City after the September 11 2001 attacks following him as he prepared The Concert for New York City October 2001 benefit event.
 The Butterfly from Ural or Far Away from Ural (Finnish: Uralin perhonen) is a Finnish 2008 animated short film directed by Katariina Lillqvist.The film tells a story of former President of Finland Carl Gustav Mannerheim – although his name is not mentioned in the film – on a journey to Central Asia where he meets a young Kyrgyz boy. Mannerheim takes the boy with him back to Finland where he names him Butterfly. The boy becomes Mannerheim's servant and lover.
 Das verurteilte Dorf (The Condemned Village) is an East German propaganda film directed by Martin Hellberg. It was released in 1952.
 Original Sin (死んでもいい Shinde mo ii) is a 1992 film directed by Japanese director Takashi Ishii. Based on a novel by Bo Nishimura the film is about an extramarital affair between the wife of an estate agent and a 22 year old man.The main cast members are Shinobu Otake (Nami Tsuchiya the wife) Masatoshi Nagase (Makoto Hirano the young man) and Hideo Murota (Hideki Tsuchiya the husband).
 Vicky and the Treasure of the Gods (German: Wickie auf großer Fahrt) is a 2011 German 3D adventure film directed by Christian Ditter. It is the sequel to the 2009 film Vicky the Viking.
 Sonny Boy is a 2011 Dutch film directed by Maria Peters after the book by Annejet van der Zijl based on a true story about interracial love during the WW2. The film was produced by Shooting Star Filmcompany. The film was selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Así te deseo is a 1948 Argentine drama film directed and written by Belisario García Villar.
 Ennum Nanmakal is a 1991 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkadu. The movie tells the story of a middle-class man.
 My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American horror film and a remake of the 1981 Canadian slasher film of the same name. The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier and stars Jensen Ackles Jaime King and Kerr Smith. The film had a 3D theatrical release; it was released on January 16 2009 by Lionsgate to generally mixed reviews but nevertheless a box office success. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on May 19 2009.
 Revenge of the Middle-Aged Woman is a 2004 drama film.
 Hadley's Rebellion is a 1987 film directed by Fred Walton.
 Camino al crimen is a 1951 Argentine film.
 No Trifling with Love (French: On ne badine pas avec l'amour) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Caroline Huppert. It is based on the theatrical work of Alfred de Musset of the same name.
 Unhook the Stars is a 1996 drama film starring Gena Rowlands Marisa Tomei and Gérard Depardieu. The movie was directed by Nick Cassavetes son of Gena Rowlands. Rowlands and Tomei both received SAG Award nominations for their performances. Filmed in the Sugarhouse neighborhood of Salt Lake City Utah.Rowlands plays Mildred an older woman whose troubled twentysomething daughter Annie (Moira Kelly) has just left home.
 Leatherstocking is a 1924 American Western film serial directed by George B. Seitz.
 Forget Me Not is a 2009 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Tyler Oliver. Premiering on August 24 2009 the film had a limited theatrical released and stars Carly Schroeder Cody Linley Micah Alberti Brie Gabrielle and Jillian Murray.
 Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan and written by Steven E. de Souza and Jeb Stuart based on the 1979 novel Nothing Lasts Forever by Roderick Thorp.
 Oriana is a 1985 Fina Torres film set in a Venezuelan hacienda or ranch. Written by Antoine Lacomblez and Torres herself this drama tells the story of Maria a woman that returns to the house where she spent a short time as a girl to discover some secrets about her aunt the title character who died and left the property to her.The film won the Caméra d'Or Prize at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival as the best first feature. It was Fina Torres first feature movie and won many awards at the time.
 Love Child is a 1982 biopic based on the life of Terry Jean Moore. The film stars Amy Madigan Beau Bridges and Mackenzie Phillips.
 Mazinger Z vs. The Great General of Darkness (マジンガーＺ対暗黒大将軍 Majingâ Zetto tai Ankoku Daishôgun) is a Japanese animated film from 1974 that served as an alternative link between the Mazinger Z series and the Great Mazinger series.
 Aas Paas is a 1981 Bollywood romantic film directed by J. Om Prakash and starring Dharmendra Hema Malini and Prem Chopra. The music was by Laxmikant-Pyarelal. The film begins with a dedication to the late singer Mohd. Rafi announcing that his last recorded song was for this film.Director-producer J.
 Endendu Ninagagi is a 2014 Kannada drama film directed by Mahesh Rao. A remake of the Tamil film Engaeyum Eppothum it features newcomer Vivek Narasimhan Deepa Sannidhi Anish Tejeshwar and Sindhu Lokanath in the lead roles.
 Games of Love and Chance (French: L'Esquive) is a 2003 French drama film directed by Abdellatif Kechiche and starring Sara Forestier. It won the César Award for Best Film Best Director Best Writing and Most Promising Actress.The film was shot in Seine-Saint-Denis in 6 weeks in October and November 2002.
 Esquiú una luz en el sendero is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Bis fünf nach zwölf – Adolf Hitler und das 3. Reich is a 1953 West German documentary film directed by Gerhard Grindel.The film is also known as Adolf Hitler - Ein Volk ein Reich ein Führer: Dokumente der Zeitgeschichte in West Germany Adolf Hitler und das 3. Reich - Sein Untergang (German DVD box title) and Bis 5 nach 12 (German DVD title).
 The Priest (Russian: Поп) is a 2009 Russian drama film directed by Vladimir Khotinenko.
 Elle: A Modern Cinderella Tale is a 2010 family film directed by John and Sean Dunson and starring Ashlee Hewitt and Sterling Knight. The screenplay was written by Bo Ransdell Ryan Dean and Thomas Martin and produced by Sean Dunson John Dunson and Carlucci Weyant.Hewitt stars as Elle Daniels an intern who dreams of becoming a singer. Hewitt announced to fans she was filming for the movie on June 20 2009 while Knight's involvement was confirmed on March 5 2010.
 Lovers in Quarantine is an extant 1925 silent film comedy starring Bebe Daniels and directed by Frank Tuttle. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. the film is based on a 1924 Broadway play Quarantine by F. Tennyson Jesse. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Parshuramer Kuthar (English: :The Avenger) is an award-winning 1989 Bengali film by Nabyendu Chatterjee.The lead actress Sreelekha Mukherji won the distinguished National Film Award for Best Actress for her role.
 Road Train is an Australian horror film known as Road Kill in the U.S. directed by Dean Francis and written by Clive Hopkins. It stars Xavier Samuel Bob Morley Georgina Haig and Sophie Lowe.
 Aabra Ka Daabra is a 2004 Bollywood film.
 Wolf Totem is an upcoming Chinese-language drama film based on the 2004 Chinese semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by Lu Jiamin. The film is directed by French director Jean-Jacques Annaud. According to Annaud the Chinese government sought to produce a film adaptation of the book but did not want to use a Chinese or American director. They had also wanted a film to be released in time for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Annaud began development of the project in 2009.
 Spontaneous Combustion is a 1990 American science fiction horror film directed by Tobe Hooper. It was written by Tobe Hooper and Howard Goldberg based on a story by Hooper and is a co-production between Henry Bushkin Sanford Hampton Jerrold W. Lambert Jim Rogers and Arthur M. Sarkissian.It was nominated for best film in the 1991 Fantasporto International Fantasy Film Awards.
 Dad is a 1989 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Gary David Goldberg and starring Jack Lemmon Ted Danson Olympia Dukakis Kevin Spacey and Ethan Hawke. It is based on William Wharton's novel of the same name. The original music score was composed by James Horner. The film was produced by Amblin Entertainment and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 The United States of Leland is a 2003 American drama film written and directed by Matthew Ryan Hoge that follows a meek teenage boy the eponymous Leland who has inexplicably committed a shocking murder. In the wake of the killing his teacher in prison tries to understand the senseless crime while the families of the victim and the perpetrator struggle to cope with the aftermath.
 A Question of Taste (French: ''Une affaire de goût'' also known as A Matter of Taste in the United States) is a 2000 French film directed by Bernard Rapp. Rapp and Gilles Taurand wrote the screenplay which was based on the book Affaires de goût by Philippe Balland. The film received 5 César Award nominations including the nomination for Best Film.
 McLaren's Negatives is a 2006 short animated documentary directed by French Canadian filmmaker Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre. The film is a study of the Canadian animator Norman McLaren and his personal view of film making. The short film won several awards including the 2007 Jutra Award for best animated short film.
 Death Song (Hangul: 사의 찬미; hanja: 死의 讚美; RR: Saui Chanmi) is a 1991 South Korean film directed by Kim Ho-sun (김호선). It was chosen as Best Film at the Chunsa Film Art Awards.
 Age 13 is an educational film by Sid Davis released in 1955. It is property of the public domain.The film centers on Andrew a thirteen-year-old boy stricken with grief over the recent death of his mother. On the day of her death her radio stops working and Andrew believes that if he can repair it his mother will return. He is left with a cold emotionally distant stepfather. He is also teased relentlessly in school which leads him to bring a gun with him.
 Used Cars is a 1980 comedy satire film. It stars Kurt Russell Jack Warden (in a dual role) Deborah Harmon and Gerrit Graham.Kurt Russell portrays a devious car salesman working for affable but monumentally unsuccessful used car dealer Luke Fuchs (Jack Warden). Luke's principal rival located directly across the street is his more prosperous brother Roy L. Fuchs (also played by Warden) who is scheming to take over Luke's lot.The supporting cast includes Frank McRae David L.
 Interlude is a 1957 film directed by Douglas Sirk.
 Aida is a 1953 Italian film version of the opera Aida by Giuseppe Verdi. It was directed by Clemente Fracassi and produced by Gregor Rabinovitch and Federico Teti. The screenplay was adapted by Fracassi Carlo Castelli Anna Gobbi and Giorgio Salviucci from the libretto by Antonio Ghislanzoni. The cinematography was by Piero Portalupi the production design by Flavio Mogherini and the costume design by Maria De Matteis.
 My Favorite Wife (released in the U.K. as My Favourite Wife) is a 1940 screwball comedy produced and co-written by Leo McCarey and directed by Garson Kanin. The picture stars Irene Dunne as a woman who returns to her husband and children after being shipwrecked on a tropical island for several years and Cary Grant as her husband. The story is an adaptation of Alfred Lord Tennyson's poem Enoch Arden; in tribute the main characters' last name is Arden.
 Ang Dalubhasa (literally: The Expert) is a 2000 Filipino action comedy film that stars Fernando Poe Jr. Nanette Medved and Maritoni Fernandez. While this was Medved's comeback movie after graduating summa cum laude in Babson College for business studies the movie was considered to the first blockbuster in Philippine film in 2000. This comes after his 1999 film Isusumbong Kita sa Tatay Ko was that year's highest grossing Philippine film.This was also pop star Cris Villonco's film debut.
 Saturday the 14th Strikes Back is a 1988 comic-horror film written and directed by Howard R. Cohen and produced by Julie Corman. It is a sequel to Saturday the 14th.The film is very similar to the original film albeit with a more scatological plot putting it on par with Flesh Gordon Meets the Cosmic Cheerleaders. None of the original cast returned for this film.
 The Man Who Saved the World is feature documentary film about Stanislav Petrov a former lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces.
 Tum Aur Main is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Black Beauty is a 1994 film adaptation of Anna Sewell's novel by the same name directed by Caroline Thompson in her directorial debut. The film stars Andrew Knott Sean Bean and David Thewlis. The film is also treated as an autobiography of the horse Black Beauty as in the original novel and is narrated by Alan Cumming as the voice of the 'Black Beauty'. This is the fifth feature film adaptation of the 1877 classic novel by Anna Sewell.
 Vallamai Tharayo is a Tamil language film released in 2008. It stars Parthiban and Chaya Singh in the lead roles. The story explores the situation of a girl who is forced into a marriage with a man she barely knows and has no intention of getting to know.
 The Glass Wall is a 1953 American black-and-white drama film noir directed by Maxwell Shane and starring Vittorio Gassman and Gloria Grahame. The film was produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures.It and two other films tied for the Golden Leopard the top prize at the Locarno International Film Festival in 1953.
 The Box is a 2007 American crime film starring Gabrielle Union A.J. Buckley RZA Giancarlo Esposito Jason Winston George Brett Donowho and written and directed by A.J. Kparr.
 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a 2009 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling. The film which is the sixth instalment in the Harry Potter film series was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman and David Barron.
 Comfortably Numb is a 1995 film directed by Gavin O'Connor.
 Blue Belle is a 1976 British-Italian drama film directed by Massimo Dallamano and starring Annie Belle Felicity Devonshire and Maria Rohm. A young woman meets up with her older lover after she leaves school. Its Italian title is La fine dell'innocenza.
 Come Out and Play is a 2012 Mexican horror film produced shot edited written and directed by Makinov. The film stars Vinessa Shaw and Ebon Moss-Bachrach.
 Un Momento muy largo is a 1964 Argentine film.
 In Another Country (Hangul: 다른 나라에서; RR: Dareun Naraeseo; MR: Tarŭn Naraesŏ) is a 2012 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo. Set in a seaside town the film consists of three parts that tell the story of three different women all named Anne and all played by French actress Isabelle Huppert. The film competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.The film was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival.
 Johnny Reno is a 1966 American western film made by A.C. Lyles Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by R.G. Springsteen produced by A.C. Lyles with a screenplay by Andrew Craddock Steve Fisher and A.C. Lyles.
 Two-Fisted Law is a 1932 American romantic B-Western film directed by D. Ross Lederman and starring Tim McCoy and John Wayne. The picture also features Walter Brennan Alice Day Wheeler Oakman Tully Marshall and Wallace MacDonald.
 Veer Hamirji - Somnath ni Sakhate is a Gujarati film released on 25 May 2012. The film did not perform well at the Gujarati box office as it stayed in the cinema for just one week. However it was shortlisted for an Oscar nomination in the category of Best Foreign Language Film making it the first ever Gujarati film to do so. Following the shortlisting the movie was re-scheduled for a release in India as well as in United States in December 2012.
 La bottega dell'orefice is a 1989 film based on The Jeweler's Shop a play written by Karol Wojtyla (Pope John Paul II) and scripted by Jeff Andrus starring Burt Lancaster and directed by Michael Anderson.
 Thicker Than Blood: The Larry McLinden Story is a drama television film starring Peter Strauss Rachel Ticotin and Lynn Whitfield. It was directed by Michael Dinner and written by Judson Klinger. The film first aired on March 6 1994 on the Columbia Broadcasting System.The film is based on a true story of a Californian custody battle.
 Firebreather is a 2010 CGI animated made-for-TV film based on the Image Comics comic book series of the same name which premiered on November 24 2010 on Cartoon Network. The film was directed by Peter Chung from a screenplay by James Krieg based on a story by Phil Hester and Andy Kuhn and stars Jesse Head and Dana Delany.
 Temptation is a 1946 American drama film noir directed by Irving Pichel. The drama features Merle Oberon and George Brent. The film was based on Robert Smythe Hichens's novel Bella Donna.The 1923 film Bella Donna starring Pola Negri which was directed by George Fitzmaurice is also based on that novel. Other versions were filmed in 1918 and 1935.
 Dragon Ball Z: Bojack Unbound known in Japan as Dragon Ball Z: The Galaxy's at the Brink!! The Super Incredible Guy (ドラゴンボールZ 銀河ギリギリ!!ぶっちぎりの凄い奴 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Ginga Giri-Giri!! Butchigiri no Sugoi Yatsu) is the ninth Dragon Ball Z feature movie. It was released in Japan on July 10 1993 at the Toei Anime Fair where it was shown alongside the Dr. Slump movie N-cha! Pengin-mura yori Ai wo komete and the first YuYu Hakusho movie.
 Dekha Pyar Tumhara is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Virendra Sharma starring Kamal Haasan and Rati Agnihotri in leading roles.
 Pussyfoot is a 2008 comedy film directed by Dusan Sekulovic.
 Bridesmaids is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Paul Feig written by Annie Mumolo and Kristen Wiig and produced by Judd Apatow Barry Mendel and Clayton Townsend. The plot centers on Annie (Wiig) who suffers a series of misfortunes after being asked to serve as maid of honor for her best friend Lillian played by Maya Rudolph.
 Flowers of Shanghai (Chinese: 海上花; pinyin: Hǎi Shàng Huā) is a 1998 film made in Taiwan directed by Guangdong-born Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien starring Tony Leung Hada Michiko Annie Shizuka Inoh Shuan Fang Jack Kao Carina Lau Rebecca Pan Michelle Reis and Vicky Wei. It was voted the third best film of the 1990s in the 1999 Village Voice Film Poll.
 Kurosawa's Way (French: Kurosawa la voie) is a 2011 French documentary directed and written by Catherine Cadou. The film features 11 major filmmakers from Asia America and Europe as they discuss how the films of Japanese director Akira Kurosawa influenced them.
 Marionettes (Russian: Марионетки) is a 1934 Soviet antifascist film starring Anatoli Ktorov and directed by Yakov Protazanov and Porfiri Podobed.The film combines the features of comedy social drama and political pamphlet.
 Sandhya Raagam (English: Tune of the Twilight) is a 1989 Tamil drama film directed by Balu Mahendra starring Oviyar Veera Santhanam Chokkalinga Bagavathar Archana. The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Family Welfare in 1990. In an interview Balu Mahendra told This film along with Veedu are the two films with the fewest compromises and mistakes.
 Lost Killers is a 2000 German drama film directed by Dito Tsintsadze. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival. At the 10th Cottbus Film Festival the film won the top prize and at the 2000 Thessaloniki International Film Festival Misel Maticevic won the award for Best Actor.
 No Strings Attached is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and starring Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher. Written by Elizabeth Meriwether the film is about two friends who decide to make a pact to have no strings attached casual sex without falling in love with each other. The film was released in the United States and Canada on January 21 2011.
 Aventurera (Adventuress) is a 1950 Mexican drama film directed by Alberto Gout and starring Ninón Sevilla. It's considered a masterpiece of the Rumberas film.
 The Bandit (Turkish: ''Eşkıya'') is an award-winning 1996 Turkish film written and directed by Yavuz Turgul and starring Şener Şen and Uğur Yücel. According to the director the film which is about a bandit who comes to Istanbul after serving a 35-year jail sentence blends fairy tale elements while carrying the notion of reality within a fictional story.The film is highly popular in Turkey where it drew in 2½ million viewers and in Germany where it won a Bogey Award.
 She Wants Me is a 2012 comedy film starring Josh Gad Kristen Ruhlin and Hilary Duff written and directed by Rob Margolies.
 Web of the Spider (Italian: Nella stretta morsa del ragno) is the title of a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti using the pseudonym Anthony M. Dawson. This film is also known as And Comes the Dawn... But Colored Red Dracula im Schloß des Schreckens Dracula in the Castle of Blood E venne l'alba...
 The Confessional (French: Le Confessionnal) is a 1995 mystery / drama film directed by Robert Lepage.The film is set in Quebec City in two distinct time periods. In the present day Pierre Lamontagne (Lothaire Bluteau) searches for his brother Marc (Pierre Goyette) to help unravel a family mystery.
 Pandemonium is a 1982 comedy film spoofing horror movies. It had an ensemble cast including Eileen Brennan Phil Hartman Tab Hunter Carol Kane David Lander Eve Arden Paul Reubens and Tom Smothers.The film went into production under the working title of Thursday the 12th and was the last feature in which Arden appeared.
 A Pizza Tweety-Pie is a 1958 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated cartoon. Written by Warren Foster and directed by Friz Freleng it features Tweety Sylvester and Granny with Mel Blanc providing the voices of Sylvester (speaking in an Italian accent) and Tweety and June Foray (uncredited) providing Granny's voice.
 Lynne Perrie's Alternative Workout was a VHS tape released on May 15 1995. It starred Coronation Street actress Lynne Perrie who had left the programme the year before after a twenty-three year stint as Ivy Tilsley (later Brennan). It was a parody of a fitness programme aimed at the comedy/soft-porn market.
 Postcards from the Edge is a 1990 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Carrie Fisher is based on her 1987 semi-autobiographical novel of the same title. The film starred Meryl Streep Shirley MacLaine and Dennis Quaid.
 The Swinging Cheerleaders is a 1974 comedy-drama film written and directed by Jack Hill (who was credited for writing the film as Jane Witherspoon). The film was also released under the titles Locker Room Girls and H.O.T.S. II.
 Resident Evil: Afterlife is a 2010 Canadian-German 3D science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. It stars Milla Jovovich Ali Larter Kim Coates Shawn Roberts Spencer Locke Boris Kodjoe and Wentworth Miller. The film marks Anderson's second time to direct in the series the first being the first installment.
 Melanie is a 1982 Canadian film starring Glynnis O'Connor Burton Cummings and Don Johnson.
 The Machine That Kills Bad People  or La Macchina ammazzacattivi is a 1952 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
 Rescate de sangre is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Texas Chainsaw 3D is a 2013 American slasher film directed by John Luessenhop and written by Debra Sullivan and Adam Marcus. It is the seventh film in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise and was presented in 3-D. The film stars Alexandra Daddario Dan Yeager Tremaine Neverson Tania Raymonde Thom Barry Paul Rae and Bill Moseley. The story centers on Heather who discovers that she was adopted after learning of an inheritance from a long-lost grandmother.
 When You Wish Upon A Star (ほしのふるまち  Hoshi no Furumachi) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Koji Kawano and based on the manga of the same name. It was debuted at the 3rd Okinawa International Movie Festival and was released in Japanese cinemas on 2 April 2011.
 Love Laughs at Andy Hardy is a 1946 American film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Willis Goldbeck and starring Mickey Rooney and Lewis Stone.The film is also known under its American promotional title Uncle Andy Hardy.This was the next-to-last Andy Hardy film produced.
 Nammal is a blockbuster Malayalam movie released in 2002. It is directed by the notable director Kamal and produced by David Kachapalli. The movie stars Jishnu Siddharth Renuka Menon and Bhavana. It is best known for its award winning song Sukamanee Nilavu sung by Vidhu Prathap and Jyotsana. The movie was shot in the campus of Government Engineering College Thrissur and Holy Trinity School Palakkad.Other members of the cast include Vigeesh and Innocent.
 The Game is a 2010 Ghanaian thriller film directed by Frank Rajah Arase starring Majid Michel Yvonne Okoro and Yvonne Nelson.
 Caught in the Headlights is an action thriller film released in 2005. The film stars Erika Eleniak Kim Coates Brigitta Dau Stacy Keach and Erin Gray.
 Sweet Revenge is a 1921 short Western film directed by Edward Laemmle and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Garjanai is a 1981 Tamil film is directed by C. V. Rajendran. It has Madhavi as Rajini's love interest and Geetha as his sister. Music was scored by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was first made in Malayalam with superstar Jayan. After his death during the filming of Kolilakkam the film was re-shot with Rajinikanth; simultaneously in Malayalam and Tamil owing to Rajin's huge fan base in South India. The movie did not fare well at the box office and was a failure.
 Naan Potta Savaal is a Tamil film is directed by Puratchchi Dasan. In English the title means The challenge I took. The Cowboy style movie did not fare well at the box office and was a failure.
 Abe and the Amazing Promise is the 28th episode in the VeggieTales series and it was released on winter of 2009. It is the first VeggieTales episode released in 2009. It is also the first VeggieTales episode to use the title's new logo. The Silly Song in this episode is Sneeze if You Need To. This is the second episode to feature Junior Asparagus as Bob's co-host since the episode Josh and the Big Wall.
 Sheltered Daughters is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Dillon starring Justine Johnstone Riley Hatch and Warner Baxter. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 A Congregation of Ghosts is a 2009 film directed by Mark Collicott. It is based on the true story of the Reverend Frederick Densham. The film was shot on location in rural Cornwall in the United Kingdom. As of November 2012 the film has yet to be released.
 Blood Brothers (Traditional: 刺馬; Simplified: 刺马; Pinyin: Cì Mǎ) is a 1973 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh with action choreography by Lau Kar Leung and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung. It was released as Chinese Vengeance in the UK and Australia and Dynasty of Blood in North America.The films follows a trio of bandits who join the army to suppress a rebel movement in Qing Dynasty China.
 Black Roses is a 1988 Metalsploitation filmand American horror film directed by John Fasano. The film has become an underground cult classic with heavy metal fans for the all star soundtrack which has become increasingly difficult to find.
 The Art of Love (French: L'Art d'aimer) is a 2011 French comedy film directed and written by Emmanuel Mouret. The film stars Mouret himself Pascale Arbillot Ariane Ascaride Frédérique Bel François Cluzet Julie Depardieu Judith Godrèche Stanislas Merhar Elodie Navarre Laurent Stocker and Gaspard Ulliel and is narrated by Philippe Torreton.The Art of Love premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival on 7 August 2011.
 This article is about the movie For the television show see Pati Patni Aur Woh (TV series)Pati Patni Aur Woh is a 1978 Hindi movie directed by B. R. Chopra. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Vidya Sinha Ranjeeta and in guest appearances Rishi Kapoor Neetu Singh and Parveen Babi.
 Internado is a 1935 Argentine musical film directed by Carlos de la Pua and Héctor Basso.
 Mermaids of Tiburon is a 1962 film about a diver looking for buried treasure who comes across mermaids.The movie was acquired by Filmgroup productions who released it in 1962 mostly to some US military bases.
 The King of Milu Deer (Chinese: 麋鹿王; pinyin: Mílù wáng) also known as Finding the Milu King: The Magic Reel is a 2009 Chinese computer-animated film. It is touted as the first 3-D animated Chinese film. The film was produced by CITV New Media Group a private company and cost 35 million yuan (US $5.1 million to make. It was written by Zhang Zhi Yi and Wang Wei and directed by Guo Weijiao. The film took in 4 million yuan (US $570000) at the box office in its first week.
 A Challenge for Robin Hood is a 1967 British adventure film directed by C.M. Pennington-Richards and starring Barrie Ingham Peter Blythe and John Arnatt.
 Amar Bhoopali (English : The Immortal Song France : Le Chant Immortel) is a 1951 Indian film produced and directed by V. Shantaram written by Vishram Bedekar. It is a true story about a simple cow herder who has an innate gift of poetry set in waning days of Maratha confederacy circa early 1800s (early 19th century). It is an ode to the saffron flag of Marathas calling on people to rise again against the foreign enemy.
 The Girl and the Millionaire (Danish: Pigen og millionæren) is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Ebbe Langberg and starring Dirch Passer.
 Slipstream is a 1989 science fiction film. The plot has an emphasis on aviation and contains many common science-fiction themes such as taking place in a dystopian future in which the landscape of the Earth itself has been changed and is windswept by storms of great power. There are also numerous sub-plots such as free will and humanity amongst artificial intelligence.Slipstream was directed by Steven Lisberger who had previously directed the cult classic 1982 science fiction film Tron.
 Vive le Tour is a 1962 French documentary by filmmaker Louis Malle. It chronicles the Tour de France and focuses on issues such as providing food for the racers dealing with injuries and doping.
 Shadow (Polish: Cień) is a 1956 Polish film directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Three Women (French: Trois femmes) is a 1952 French film directed by André Michel. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tora-san's Promise (男はつらいよ 寅次郎紙風船 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Kamifūsen) aka Torasan and a Paper Balloon is a 1981 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Mikiko Otonashi as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Promise is the twenty-eighth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Dark Mountain is a 1944 American film directed by William Berke. It is also known as Thunderbolt and Thunder Mountain.
 Gambling Gods and LSD is a 2002 Canadian/Swiss experimental documentary film by Canadian film director Peter Mettler.
 For knock-off (counterfeit) products see CounterfeitKnock Off is a 1998 American action film directed by Tsui Hark starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Lela Rochon Michael Fitzgerald Wong Rob Schneider and Paul Sorvino.
 La Flor de Irupé is a 1962 Argentine film.
 Hello Mabel (also known as On a Busy Wire) is a 1914 American short silent comedy film produced and directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mabel Normand. The supporting cast features Charley Chase Al St. John Minta Durfee and Mack Swain.
 Chronicle of an Escape (Spanish: Crónica de una fuga) is a 2006 Argentine film directed by Israel Adrián Caetano. The screenplay is written by Caetano Esteban Student and Julian Loyola based on the autobiographical Pase libre – la fuga de la Mansion Seré written by Claudio Tamburrini. The movie is also known as Buenos Aires 1977.
 The Marriage Price is a 1919 silent film romantic drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures and Artcraft. Emile Chautard directed and Elsie Ferguson stars. This film is lost.
 We Ride: The Story of Snowboarding is a feature-length documentary produced by Burn (energy drink) and filmed and edited by creative production company Grain Media.The film traces snowboarding’s routes back to the very beginning of the sport starting in 1965 with Sherman Poppen’s home-made invention for children chronicling its boom in the 90s up to its present mainstream status as a global cultural phenomenon.
 Dream Boy is a 2008 gay-themed romantic drama film written and directed by James Bolton and based on Jim Grimsley's 1995 novel of the same name about two gay teenagers who fall in love in the rural South during the 1970s.
 The Cat and the Canary is a film released in 1978. It is an adaptation of John Willard's 1922 black comedy play of the same name. The play has previously been filmed several times the first being a 1927 silent film version.
 Kid Dynamite is a 1943 American film directed by Wallace Fox and starring the East Side Kids. It was based on the 1942 short story The Old Gang by Paul Ernst and features additional dialogue by comedian Morey Amsterdam. The working title of this film was Little Mobsters.
 Expiration (2004) is an independent feature film written directed and starring Gavin Heffernan. It was the winner of the Grand Jury Prize and Best Film at the Canadian Filmmakers' Festival.
 Riding Giants is a 2004 documentary film directed and narrated by Stacy Peralta a famous skater/surfer who helped define modern skateboarding. The movie traces the origins of surfing and specifically focuses on the art of big wave riding. Some of the featured surfers are Greg Noll Laird Hamilton and Jeff Clark and surfing pioneers such as Mickey Munoz.
 Jönssonligan dyker upp igen (English: The Johnson Gang Resurface or The Return of the Johnson Gang) is a 1986 Swedish comedy film one of a series of films made about Jönssonligan a gang of criminals.
 Papá se enreda otra vez (Father Gets Tangled Up Again) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Caterpillar is a 1988 short experimental film by Japanese underground filmmaker Shozin Fukui. Fukui made the film at around the same time as when he was working as a crew member for Shinya Tsukamoto's Tetsuo: The Iron Man. Both films utilize similar filmmaking techniques such as hyperactive handheld camerawork and stop-motion photography.
 Gekijou Ban Konjiki no Gash Bell!! 101 Banme no Mamono (劇場版 金色のガッシュベル！！ 「１０１番目の魔物」? lit. Movie Golden Gash Bell!! Unlisted demon #101) is a 2004 Japanese animated film. It is the first movie based on the anime Konjiki no Gash Bell!!. It was released in Japan in July 2004 but has not been dubbed in any other languages besides Japanese and has not been released outside of Japan.
 Life Partner is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy film. It stars Govinda Fardeen Khan Tusshar Kapoor Genelia D'Souza and Prachi Desai in lead roles. The film is written and directed by Rumi Jaffery and produced by Abbas-Mustan under their banner Burmawalla Bros. It released on 14 August 2009 and received positive reviews upon release though it was an average grosser at the Indian Box Office
 Cradle Will Rock is a 1999 drama film which chronicles the process and events that surrounded the production of the original 1937 musical The Cradle Will Rock by Marc Blitzstein.
 Bottoms Up is a 1934 musical comedy film made by Fox Film Corporation and was directed by David Butler who co-wrote original story and screenplay with producer Buddy G. DeSylva and co-star Sid Silvers. The picture stars Spencer Tracy Pat Paterson John Boles and Herbert Mundin and features Thelma Todd in a supporting role.
 Crime Unlimited is a 1935 British crime film that was made as a Quota quickie. It was directed by Ralph Ince. The film marked the English-language debut of Lilli Palmer.
 Alpha Girls is a 2013 horror comedy film directed by Tony Trov & Johnny Zito starring Nikki Bell and featuring Ron Jeremy & Schoolly D
 Falling Leaves is a 1912 American film by Alice Guy Blaché. It was produced by Solax Studios when it was based in Flushing New York at the beginning of the 20th century. The 2004 National Film Preservation Foundation restored print runs 12 minutes.
 Sea Devils (1953) is a British–American historical adventure film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Rock Hudson and Yvonne De Carlo. The story was adapted from the novel Toilers of the Sea (published in 1866) by Victor Hugo. The scenes at sea were shot in the Channel Islands.
 Sleepy Hollow High is a 2000 American horror film specifically a slasher film directed by Chris Arth and Kevin Summerfield.
 The Dying Detective is a 1921 British short film directed by Maurice Elvey.
 Stage Left: A Story of Theater in the Bay Area (2011) is a documentary film about the history of theater in the San Francisco Bay Area from about 1952 until 2010. The film was directed by Austin Forbord and features Robin Williams Peter Coyote Herbert Blau Tony Taccone Oskar Eustis Bill Irwin Joan Holden R. G. Davis Richard Scrumbly Koldewyn and is narrated by Marga Gomez. The film premiered at the Mill Valley Film Festival in October 2011 and aired on KQED-TV on November 11 2012.
 Mattoru Seetha is a 1975 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. Bhaskaran starring Kamal Haasan Roja Ramani Sheela Adoor Bhasi Bahadoor Kaviyoor Ponnamma Sukumari Sreelatha Namboothiri Jose Prakash Prema Menon Vincent and M. G. Soman.
 The Glenrowan Affair is a 1951 movie about Ned Kelly from director Rupert Kathner. It was Kathner's final film and stars VFL star Bob Chitty as Kelly. It was known as one of the worst films ever made in Australia.
 Destination Tokyo is a 1943 submarine war film. It was directed by Delmer Daves and written by Daves former submariner Steve Fisher and Albert Maltz and stars Cary Grant and John Garfield with featured performances by Dane Clark Robert Hutton and Warner Anderson. Production began on June 21 1943 and continued through September 4 1943 and the film premiered in Pittsburgh on December 15 1943. It was released generally in the U.S. on December 31 1943.
 Her Sport (German: Ihr Sport) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten Georg H. Schnell and Hermann Thimig. A man-hating young woman tries to break up a her friend's new marriage but while in the Alps she meets her own ideal man.
 Hotel is a 2001 experimental thriller film directed by Mike Figgis.
 The Sword Identity is a 2011 Chinese film directed by Xu Haofeng.
 A People Uncounted is a 2011 Canadian documentary film directed by Aaron Yeger about the culture and history of the Romani people (commonly known as gypsies) in Europe with special emphasis on their plight during The Holocaust. It was nominated for a Producers Guild of America award in 2012. The film was featured in the New York Gipsy Festival and is part of Vanderbilt University's Holocaust Lecture Series.
 After the Banquet (Hangul: 결혼식 후에; RR: Gyeolhonsik hue; MR: Kyŏrhonsik hue; lit. After the Wedding) is a 2009 South Korean-Japanese film starring Shin Sung-woo Ye Ji-won Bae Soo-bin Kim Bo-kyung Lee Hae-young Seo Yoo-jung Yoon Hee-seok Cha Soo-yeon and Go Ah-sung. A group of college alumni mostly men are reunited at a wedding.
 A Life Begins (French: Une vie qui commence) is a 2010 Canadian French language drama film set in the sixties directed and written by Michel Monty his debut long feature.
 Tomahawk Trail is a 1957 Western film starring Chuck Connors.
 A tu per tu is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
 Strings is an upcoming American drama film directed by Daniel Duran and written by Oscar Orlando Torres. The film stars Josh Duhamel Maria Bello Sunny WinterLucas Till Laura Dern and Tom Everett Scott.
 Masikip sa Dibdib (English: Tight to the Chest also known as Boobita Rose... Masikip sa Dibdib) is a 2004 Filipino comedy film directed by well-known romance/comedy director Joyce E. Bernal. The film was released to Philippine theaters on April 14 2004. It stars Rufa Mae Quinto as Boobita Rose a kind loving lady who faced the struggles in her life which included problems with her family. Quinto produced the film together with Viva Films.
 Immigrants also known as L.A. Dolce Vita or Immigrants: L.A. Dolce Vita (Hungarian title: Immigrants - Jóska menni Amerika) is a Hungarian-American animated film directed by Gábor Csupó. The Hungarian release date was October 30 2008.
 The Blue Angel is a 1959 American drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film is a remake of the Josef von Sternberg 1930 film about the vicious Lola-Lola and the troubled aged Professor Rath who plays into her hands.
 Rockstar is a 2011 Indian musical romantic drama film directed by Imtiaz Ali starring Ranbir Kapoor and debutant Nargis Fakhri with music composed by A. R. Rahman. The film also stars Shammi Kapoor Moufid Aziz Aditi Rao Hydari Piyush Mishra Shernaz Patel and Kumud Mishra with the former making his last silver screen appearance. The film was produced by Eros International Ltd. along with Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd. It follows Janardhan Jakhar a.k.a.
 Silks and Saddles is a 1921 Australian film set in the world of horse racing directed by John K. Wells.The film is also known as Queen o' Turf or Queen of the Turf in the USA.
 The Honeytrap is a 2002 British thriller film featuring Emily Lloyd as Catherine a young woman about to get married to her fiance in London. It was written and directed by Michael G. Gunther and shot in London England. It also stars Anthony Green (actor) Valerie Edmond Stuart McQuarrie and Natalie Walter.
 Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber is an 2008 Swedish animated children's fantasy film directed by Robert Rhodin for the Stockholm based studio White Shark. The movie reached the top ten in box office admissions in three markets (Turkey Sweden and Middle East)[citation needed] while it was only released to DVD in most other markets.
 Maya Lokam or Mayalokam (English title: Magic World; Telugu: మాయలోకం) is a 1945 Telugu film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.It is a debut film for veteran actor and producer B. Padmanabham.
 A Fine and Private Place was a proposed feature film from Paul Watson that was abandoned during filming ostensibly due to poor weather.
 Moana is a 2009 Italian biographical dramatic miniseries directed by Alfredo Peyretti.The miniseries premiered at the 2009 Roma Fiction Fest then it was broadcast in two parts in December 1 and 2 of the same year on Sky Cinema. Moana tells the life of Italian iconic pornographic actress Moana Pozzi. The actress Ilona Staller sued the production of the film for the un-authorizated use of the character Cicciolina of which she owned the rights; the case was finally dismissed by court.
 Thieves Like Us is a 1974 film directed by Robert Altman and starring Keith Carradine and Shelley Duvall. The film was based on the novel Thieves Like Us by Edward Anderson which was also the source material for the 1949 film They Live by Night directed by Nicholas Ray. The supporting cast includes Louise Fletcher and Tom Skerritt.The film was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sakalakala Vallavan is a 1982 Indian Tamil-language masala film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Kamal Haasan and Ambika. The film was a blockbuster and completed 176-day run at the box office.
 Dilber's Eight Days (Turkish: Diber'in Sekiz Günü) is a 2008 Turkish drama film written and directed by Cemal Şan starring Nesrin Cevadzade as a young village woman who leaves with a stranger after being spurned by her lover. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on April 24 2009 (2009-04-24) was shown in competition at the 45th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival (October 10–19 2008) and was nominated at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards (March 23 2010).
 Chandler (also known as Open Shadow) is a 1971 neo noir film directed by Paul Magwood and based on a story of his own creation. The film stars Warren Oates as a man with the single name of Chandler: as in Raymond he says at one point. It co-stars Leslie Caron married at the time to the film's producer Michael Laughlin. Cameo roles feature Gloria Grahame and Scatman Crothers.
 Mindstorm (also known as Project: Human Weapon) is a 2001 Sci Fi Pictures science fiction television film directed by Richard Pepin.
 Story of O is a 1975 Franco-German erotic drama film directed by Just Jaeckin. The screenplay is an adaptation of the erotic novel Story of O published in 1954 by Pauline Réage.
 After Five in the Forest Primeval (German: Nach Fünf im Urwald) sometimes also known as It's a Jungle Out There is a 1995 German romantic comedy film directed by Hans-Christian Schmid and starring Franka Potente in her first film role. The film tells the story of a 17-year old girl Anna who in search of freedom in an urban environment runs away from home with a boy who has a crush on her.
 The Passion of Joan of Arc (French: La Passion de Jeanne d'Arc) is a silent film produced in France in 1928. It is based on the actual record of the trial of Joan of Arc. The film was directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer and stars Renée Jeanne Falconetti.
 Travolto dagli affetti familiari is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Severino.
 Young Man with Ideas (1952) is a romantic-comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1952. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen and stars Ruth Roman and Glenn Ford.A young small-town lawyer played by Ford moves his family from the country to Los Angeles in the hope of passing the bar in California to ensure that his family can have a more prosperous lifestyle.
 The Right Stuff is a 1983 American drama film that was adapted from Tom Wolfe's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base California as well as the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury the first attempt at manned spaceflight by the United States.
 Sour Grapes is a 1998 American comedy film written and directed by Larry David.
 Badha (Marathi: बाधा; translation: Possession) is a Marathi drama film released on January 5 2006. Produced and directed by Sumitra Bhave & Sunil Sukhtankar. The film stars Amruta Subhash Devika Daftardar Rajesh More and Renuka Daftardar.The films is a compassionate story of woman accused of witchcraft.
 Battle of Warsaw 1920 (pol. Bitwa warszawska 1920) is a Polish historical film directed by Jerzy Hoffman depicting the events of the Battle of Warsaw (1920) of the Polish–Soviet War. It was released in September 2011. It was filmed in 3D using the Fusion Camera System and is one of the most expensive movies in the history of cinema in Poland.
 Captive Hearts (aka Fate of a Hunter) is a 1987 romantic-drama movie co-produced between Canada the U.S. and Japan starring Pat Morita and co-written by Morita and John A. Kuri. It was directed by Paul Almond filmed in Canada and released in the United States on June 5 1987.
 Squanto: A Warrior's Tale is a 1994 theatrical live action Disney adventure drama film. It was written by Darlene Craviato. Xavier Koller and Christopher Stoia were the directors. It is very loosely based on the actual historical Native American figure Squanto and his life prior to and including the arrival of the Mayflower in 1620. It stars Adam Beach as the lead role of Squanto. It was originally released theatrically on October 28 1994 and was shot entirely in Cape Breton Nova Scotia.
 L'Argent (money) is a French silent film directed in 1928 by Marcel L'Herbier. The film was adapted from the novel L'Argent by Émile Zola and it portrays the world of banking and the stock market in Paris in the 1920s.
 Abnormal Excitement: Nao Saejima (冴島奈緒　異常昂奮 / 冴島奈緒　異常昴奮 Saejima Nao: Ijō Kōfun) is a 1989 Japanese pink film in the supernatural thriller genre directed by Masahiro Kasai. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Aashiq is a 1962 Hindi movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Raj Kapoor Nanda Padmini Keshto Mukherjee and Leela Chitnis. The films music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Chor Chor Super Chor is 2013 Hindi Comedy film directed by K. Rajesh and produced by Ved Kataria and Renu Kataria. The film features Deepak Dobriyal Anshul Kataria and Priya Bathija as main characters. The film released on August 2 2013.
 The Summer Guest (Hungarian: A nyaraló) is a 1992 Hungarian drama film directed by Can Togay. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Counter-Espionage is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Edward Dmytryk. Counter-Espionage was the ninth film in Columbia's Lone Wolf series based on characters created by Louis Joseph Vance. It is also known as The Lone Wolf in Scotland Yard.
 Konga Yo is a 1962 French adventure film directed by Yves Allégret. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bad Girl is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film. The screenplay was written by Edwin J. Burke from the novel and play by Viña Delmar and directed by Frank Borzage.The movie stars Sally Eilers James Dunn and Minna Gombell and details in realistic fashion the day-to-day lives and loves of ordinary people going about their ordinary lives. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. Borzage won the Academy Award for Directing and Burke won for Best Writing Adaptation.
 Majoor Frans is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Stuart Little is a 1999 American family comedy film directed by Rob Minkoff. It is loosely based on the novel Stuart Little by E. B. White. It combines live-action and computer animation. The screenplay was co-written by M. Night Shyamalan and Greg Brooker. The plot bears little resemblance to that of the book; only some of the characters and one or two minor plot elements are the same. The movie's sequel more closely resembles the original novel.Michael J. Fox is the voice of Stuart Little.
 Cigarette Ki Tarah is a romantic thriller movie featuring Bhoop Yaduvanshi Prashant Narayanan Madhurima Tuli Sudesh Berry and others in their respective roles. Directed by Akashaditya Lama the film is being produced under the banner of P. Y. Films Pvt. Ltd. While the music is composed by Sudeep Banerjee Kavita Seth Ankur Mishra and Viraj Sawant the lyrics have been written by Ajay Jhingran Kaushal Kishore and Dev Shukla.
 Ram Aur Shyam (English: Ram And Shyam) is a 1967 Indian Hindi feature film directed by Tapi Chanakya. Its producer was B. Nagi Reddy. It was previously produced as Ramudu Bheemudu by D. Ramanaidu under Suresh Productions Banner a Telugu film starring N.T.
 Lost in Africa is a 1994 film directed by Stewart Raffill. It stars Jennifer McComb and Ashley Hamilton.
 Good Boy Bad Boy is a Bollywood comedy film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary starring Emraan Hashmi Isha Sharvani Tusshar Kapoor Tanushree Dutta and Paresh Rawal. Produced by Raju Farooqui under the banner of Mukta Arts Ltd the film is the remake of 1992 film Class Act starring Kid 'N Play. The film was an average grosser at the box-office.
 The Rose of Blood was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. Based on the story The Red Rose by Ryszard Ordynski the film was written by Bernard McConville. The Rose of Blood is now considered lost.
 Forget Me Not (信さん・炭坑町のセレナーデ Shin-san tankoumachi no serenâde) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama about the people in a small coal mining town in the Fukuoka Prefecture in southern Japan in 1955.
 Blindfold is an American movie from 1965 by Universal Pictures starring Rock Hudson and Claudia Cardinale that was based on Lucille Fletcher's 1960 novel of the same name.This was the last film directed by Philip Dunne who was a successful Hollywood screenwriter of pictures such as How Green Was My Valley and The Robe. Sequences were filmed in Silver Springs Florida.
 Move On is a 1917 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A print survives in the Museum of Modern Art film archive.
 Heeron Ka Chor is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by S K Kapoor starring Mithun Chakraborty Bindiya Goswami Ashok Kumar Vinod Mehra Shakti Kapoor and Madan Puri
 The Artist is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama film in the style of a black-and-white silent film. It was written directed and co-edited by Michel Hazanavicius produced by Thomas Langmann and starred Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo.
 Kinoautomat (1967) was the world's first interactive movie conceived by Radúz Činčera for the Czechoslovak Pavilion at Expo '67 in Montreal. At nine points during the film the action stops and a moderator appears on stage to ask the audience to choose between two scenes; following an audience vote the chosen scene is played.The film is a black comedy opening with a flash-forward to a scene in which Petr Novák (Miroslav Horníček)'s apartment is in flames.
 The Man in the Net is a 1959 American film noir starring Alan Ladd and Carolyn Jones. The taut drama was directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Krodh is a 2000 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Ashok Honda. It stars Sunil Shetty and Rambha in pivotal roles.
 King of the Forest Rangers (1946) is a Republic film serial.
 Miss Rose White is a television film adaptation of the 1985 Barbara Lebow play A Shayna Maidel starring Kyra Sedgwick. It first aired on April 26 1992. The production received five Emmy Awards as well as the Humanitas Prize in the 90 minute category.Rose White (Sedgwick) is a modern young career woman in post-World War II New York City who has largely relegated her Jewish heritage to scrapbooks and memories.
 Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen is a 2010 Hong Kong martial arts film directed and produced by Andrew Lau and starring Donnie Yen as Chen Zhen a role made famous by Bruce Lee in the 1972 film Fist of Fury. The film is a sequel to the 1994 film Fist of Legend which starred Jet Li as Chen Zhen. Principal photography for Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen began in November 2009 and ended in early February 2010; shooting took place in Shanghai China.
 Bad News Bears is the 2005 remake of the 1976 comedy film The Bad News Bears produced by Paramount Pictures. It is directed by Richard Linklater and stars Billy Bob Thornton Greg Kinnear Marcia Gay Harden Sammi Kane Kraft and Jeffrey Tedmori.
 My Run is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Tim VandeSteeg and produced by Mark Castaldo. The film chronicles Terry Hitchcock's journey of completing 75 marathons in 75 consecutive days to raise awareness for single parent families. It first screened at the Austin Film Festival on October 23 2009.
 War Hunt is a 1962 war film starring John Saxon Robert Redford and Charles Aidman. The film was directed by Denis Sanders produced by his brother Terry Sanders for T-D Enterprises and released by United Artists.The movie features the film debuts of Sydney Pollack (then-unknown) Robert Redford and Tom Skerritt. Redford and Pollack met on the set of this film as actors.
 Char Dil Char Rahen (English title: Four Hearts Four Roads) is a 1959 Hindi film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas and starring two big stars of the era Shammi Kapoor and Raj Kapoor. The movie is based on a novel of the same name. It was released simultaneously with other big films Devendra Goel's Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan and V Shantaram's Navrang while Navrang was a hit Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan broke even Char Dil Char Rahen failed at the box office.
 The Recourse to the Method (Spanish: El recurso del método) is a Mexican-Cuban drama film directed by Miguel Littín. It is based on the novel of the same name written by Alejo Carpentier. It was entered into the 1978 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Cuban entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Annarth is a 2002 Hindi language film of action and thriller genres. The film stars Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Ashutosh Rana and Preeti Jhangiani in lead roles as well as Tinnu Anand and Johnny Lever in supporting roles. The film also features the debut of Gautam Rode and the film also stars former cricketer of the Indian cricket team Vinod Kambli.
 Ollathu Mathi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Leaving (Czech: Odcházení) is a 2011 Czech drama film written and directed by Václav Havel based on his play of the same name.
 El Canto del cisne is a 1945 Argentine film.
 Widow Blue! (also known as Sex Psycho and The Demon in Miss Jones) is a 1970 pornographic horror film written and directed by Walt Davis.
 4 is a 2005 Russian drama film directed by Ilya Khrjanovsky after a screenplay by Vladimir Sorokin. Originally it was conceived as a short film but turned into a full-length film after four years of work.
 Moomins on the Riviera is an upcoming French traditional animated comedy film based on Moomin comic strips by Tove Jansson and Lars Jansson. The film has co-production of Finnish Handle Productions and French Pictak Cie. The film is directed by Xavier Picard and produced by Hanna Hemilä.The film is heavily based on the Moomin comic strip story of the same name as Moomins along with Snorkmaiden and Little My sail for the Riviera where many different twists and turns of events take place.
 Bits and Pieces originally Il cielo è sempre più blu is a 1996 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Antonello Grimaldi. The title of the film is a reference to a song by Rino Gaetano. The film depicts several short stories set in a single day in Rome.
 Masquerade in Mexico is a 1945 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen. It stars Dorothy Lamour and Arturo de Córdova.
 Great Riot! Seigi Choujin (大暴れ!正義超人 Ō Abare! Seigi Choujin) is the second theatrical film based on the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on December 22 1984 alongside Dr. Slump and Arale-chan: The Secret Treasure of Nanaba Castle and Uchuu Keiji Shaider: Follow the Shigishigi Kidnapping Gang!.
 Woman in the Dark is an American film based on a 1933 short story by Dashiell Hammett. It was directed by Phil Rosen filmed at Biograph Studios by Select Pictures and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 A Son of Erin is an extant 1916 silent film comedy-drama directed by Julia Crawford Ivers. It was produced by Pallas Pictures and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures. Dustin Farnum and Winifred Kingston(real life husband and wife) star.
 Kalishankar (Bengali: কালিশঙ্কর)is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Prashanta Nanda. The film is starring Prasenjit Chatterjee Anu Chowdhury Anuvab Mohanty Jishu Sengupta Ashish Vidyarthi Swastika Mukherjee and Victor Banerjee. This Bengali-Oriya film is a remake of Rakesh Roshan's blockbuster Karan Arjun on the theme of reincarnation. Director Prashant Nanda has turned the story around.
 Winter Solstice is a 2004 American drama film written and directed by Josh Sternfeld. The screenplay focuses on the efforts of a man to interact with and relate to his sons in the years following the accidental death of his wife.
 The Tuskegee Airmen is a 1995 HBO television movie based on the exploits of an actual groundbreaking unit the first African American combat pilots in the United States Army Air Corps that fought in World War II. The film was directed by Robert Markowitz and stars Laurence Fishburne Cuba Gooding Jr. John Lithgow and Malcolm-Jamal Warner.
 One Track Heart: The Story of Krishna Das is a 2012 documentary film directed by Jeremy Friendel about Krishna Das the U.S. vocalist best known for is performances of Indian devotional music called kirtan. One Track Heart premiered at the Maui Film Festival on June 17 2012 and is distributed by Zeitgeist Films. It opened theatrically in the United States in the spring of 2013.
 The Deal is a 2003 British television film directed by Stephen Frears from a script by Peter Morgan based in part upon The Rivals by James Naughtie. The film stars David Morrissey as Gordon Brown and Michael Sheen as Tony Blair and depicts the Blair-Brown deal—a well-documented pact that Blair and Brown made whereby Brown would not stand in the 1994 Labour leadership election so that Blair could have a clear run at becoming leader of the party and Prime Minister.
 For the SF novel by Olaf Stapledon see Star Maker.The Star Maker (as best known L'Uomo delle stelle in Italy) is a 1995 Italian language motion picture. It was produced by Rita Cecchi Gori Vittorio Cecchi Gori directed by Giuseppe Tornatore while the title role was played by Sergio Castellitto.It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Gone Too Soon is a documentary film about the final year of Michael Jackson's life and career released on June 25 2010 exactly one year after his death. It is produced and directed by author-filmmaker Ian Halperin who wrote Unmasked: The Final Years of Michael Jackson which hit No.
 Antiviral is a 2012 Canadian horror film directed by Brandon Cronenberg. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. Cronenberg re-edited the film after the festival to make it tighter trimming nearly six minutes out of the film. The revised film was first shown at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and was a co-winner alongside Jason Buxton's Blackbird of the festival's Best Canadian First Feature Film award.
 Little Men (1934) is an American feature film based on Louisa May Alcott's novel Little Men (1871). The film stars Ralph Morgan Erin O'Brien-Moore Richard Quine Frankie Darro and Tad Alexander was directed by Phil Rosen and released by Mascot Pictures.
 The Silence of Dean Maitland is a 1914 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Maxwell Gray which was later filmed by Ken G. Hall in 1934. It is considered a lost film.
 Carbine’s Heritage is a 1927 New Zealand film created by Ted Coubray who directed produced and wrote the screenplay etc. It is now lost.
 The Wreck of the Mary Deare is a 1959 Metrocolor (in CinemaScope) British-American thriller film directed by Michael Anderson and starring Gary Cooper Charlton Heston Michael Redgrave Cecil Parker Richard Harris and John Le Mesurier based upon the novel by Hammond Innes.
 Night Alarm is a 1934 American drama film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Bruce Cabot as down on his luck reporter Hal Ashby who tries to make a name for himself by investigating a series of bizarre arson attacks. The film which was a hit in movie theatres at the time is now widely available in public domain.
 Raggedy Ann and Andy in The Pumpkin Who Couldn't Smile a.k.a. simply The Pumpkin Who Couldn't Smile is a 1979 animated television special featuring Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy. It later aired on the Disney Channel every year around the time of Halloween along with Casper's Halloween Special The Canterville Ghost Mr.
 Solaiyamma is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja. The film features Rahul Sukanya and Karikalan in lead roles. The film produced by Jothi Raja had musical score by Deva and was released on 11 December 1992.
 Mon Mane Na (Bengali: মন মানে না) is a 1992 Bengali romance film featuring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Silpa Das. It was Silpa Das first film.
 Enemies of the People is a 2009 British/Cambodian documentary film written and directed by Rob Lemkin and Thet Sambath. The film depicts the ten year quest of co-director Sambath to find truth and closure in the Killing Fields of Cambodia. The film features interviews by former Khmer Rouge officials from the most senior surviving leader to the men and women who slit throats during the regime of Democratic Kampuchea between 1975 and 1979.
 Love is a 2005 independent feature film written directed and edited byVladan Nikolic produced by Jim Stark (Down by Law Night on Earth Factotum) and executive produced by Christoph Thoke (Tropical Malady). The film was made in New York City for $350000 with a cast and crew from over 20 countries with 168 scenes shot at over 60 locations.
 Shriman Prithviraj (Bengali: শ্রীমান পৃথ্বীরাজ) is a 1973 Bengali cinema starring Ayan Banerjee and Mahua Roy Choudhury and directed by Tarun Majumdar featuring teenage love. It has a cult following.
 Man's Lust for Gold is a 1912 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Una gota de sangre para morir amando (English: Murder in a Blue World) is a 1973 Spanish science fiction/crime film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring Sue Lyon Christopher Mitchum and Jean Sorel. Shot in English and set in the near future the film is a crime thriller. The plot follows a respectable nurse who seduces young men take them home to bed listen to the post-coital beating of their hearts and then stab them to death with a surgical scalpel.
 Khaan Dost is a 1976 Bollywood action film directed by Dulal Guha.
 Decoys is a 2004 science fiction and horror film directed by Matthew Hastings and written by Tom Berry and Hastings. The cast included Kim Poirier and Nicole Eggert. It was filmed in Ottawa Ontario and originally broadcast on the Sci Fi Channel. A sequel Decoys 2: Alien Seduction was released in 2007.
 Be Your Age is a 1926 American film starring Charley Chase and features Oliver Hardy in the cast.
 Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1946 comedy film starring Bob Hope as the title character the barber of King Louis XV of France. It is loosely based on the novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington. It is a remake of the 1924 Rudolph Valentino silent film of the same name Monsieur Beaucaire.
 Deep Blue is a 2003 nature documentary film that is a theatrical version of the 2001 BBC nature documentary series The Blue Planet. Alastair Fothergill and Andy Byatt are credited as directors and six cinematographers are also credited. The film premiered at the San Sebastian Film Festival in Spain on September 20 2003. It screened in over 20 territories from 2003 to 2005 and grossed over $30 million at the box office.
 The Boys of Ghost Town is a 2009 American drama film directed and produced by Pablo Véliz and written by Rosalio Martinez and Manuel Garcia. It stars Danny Trejo Marian Zapico and Garcia. The film follows young criminal Danny Ortego rejoining the forces of crime after being released from prison.
 House Calls is 2006 Canadian documentary film about Mark Nowaczynski a Toronto physician and photographer who makes house calls to elderly patients unable to travel to a clinic or doctor's office. Written and directed by Ian McLeod this National Film Board of Canada production received the Donald Brittain Award for Best Social/Political Documentary Program at the 2006 Gemini Awards.In addition to being one of the few doctors who perform house calls Dr.
 Yo soy tu padre (I am Your Father) is a 1927 Mexican silent film. It features Sara García as an extra.
 Totally True Love also known as Jørgen + Anne er Sant is a 2011 Norwegian film based on the 1984 novel Jørgen Anne er Sant by Vigdis Hjorth.
 The Landlord is a 1970 film directed by Hal Ashby based on the novel by Kristin Hunter. The film stars Beau Bridges in the lead role of a well-to-do white man who becomes landlord of an inner-city tenement unaware that the people he is responsible for are low-income streetwise residents. Also in the cast are Diana Sands Lee Grant Pearl Bailey and Louis Gossett Jr.. The film was Ashby's first film as director.
 Jewel is a 2001 television drama film directed by Paul Shapiro based on the book of the same name by Bret Lott.
 Badger's Green is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Valerie Hobson Bruce Lester David Horne and Wally Patch. It was adapted from the 1930 play Badger's Green by R.C. Sheriff. A picturesque village is threatened with redevelopment by a speculative builder leading to widespread protest.
 Mimí metallurgico ferito nell'onore (1972) is an Italian language film directed by Lina Wertmüller starring Giancarlo Giannini and Mariangela Melato. It was released in the United States as The Seduction of Mimi although a literal translation of the title would be Mimi the metalworker wounded in honor. The film was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
 His Lordship Regrets is a 1938 British comedy film durected by Maclean Rogers and starring Claude Hulbert Winifred Shotter Gina Malo and Aubrey Mallalieu.
 Looney Tunes Super Stars' Pepé Le Pew: Zee Best of Zee Best is a DVD featuring all 17 Pepé Le Pew cartoons (14 new-to-DVD and 3 previously-on-DVD) and was released on December 27 2011. The pre-53 shorts are presented in full screen while the post-53 shorts have both widescreen and full screen options (except for Heaven Scent which is only available in full screen). This was also the last Looney Tunes Super Stars series to feature a matted 1:85 widescreen format option for the post-1953 shorts.
 False Witness (also known as The Diplomat in the UK and US) is an Australian television mini-series produced by Screentime Australia for the Australian subscription television channel UK.TV. Commissioned as part of its required drama output UK.TV has previously made Make or Break and Supernova.The two-part mini-series premiered in Australia on both UK.TV and BBC HD on 11 and 12 January 2009.
 Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson. It is the fourth of five films in the original Planet of the Apes series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs. It explores how the apes rebelled from humanity's ill treatment following Escape from the Planet of the Apes (1971). It was followed by Battle for the Planet of the Apes (1973). The series reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes (2011) has a similar premise to Conquest but is not officially a remake.
 She's Funny That Way (also known as Squirrels to the Nuts) is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and co-written with Louise Stratten.
 24 City (Chinese: 二十四城记/二十四城記; literally: The Story of 24 City) is a 2008 film directed and cowritten by Chinese film-maker Jia Zhangke. The film follows three generations of characters in Chengdu (in the 1950s the 1970s and the present) as a state-owned factory gives way to a modern apartment complex.
 The Missing Lynx (Spanish: El Lince Perdido) is a 2008 Spanish-British computer-animated action comedy film produced by Spanish studios Kandor Graphics YaYa! Films and Antonio Banderas. The film is directed by Raul Garcia and Manuel Sicilia and written by them and Jose E. Machuca. It is presented by Banderas himself. With the film released in Spain on December 25 2008 in Spanish it is released in the United States on March 9 2012 in English.
 Operation Bullshine is a 1959 British colour comedy film directed by Gilbert Gunn and starring Donald Sinden Barbara Murray and Carole Lesley. The working title of the film was Girls in Arms that features in the film as a marching song. Gunn had filmed Girls at Sea the previous year. The new title comes from the frenzied activity preparing for their brigadier's surprise inspection. The film features 1956 Olympic swimmer Judy Grinham as a physical training instructor.
 Odds and Evens (Italian: Pari e dispari also known as Trinity: Gambling for High Stakes) is an Italian action-comedy movie directed in 1978 by Sergio Corbucci. In 1979 it was awarded with the Golden Screen Award along with Superman and Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
 A Man of Principle (Spanish: Cóndores no entierran todos los días) is a 1984 Colombian drama film directed by Francisco Norden. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Our Man Flint is a 1966 American action film that parodies the James Bond genre. The film was directed by Daniel Mann written by Hal Fimberg and Ben Starr and starring James Coburn as master spy Derek Flint. The main premise of the film is that a trio of mad scientists attempt to blackmail the world with a weather-control machine.
 Meri Partigya is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad. An revenge story with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 The Human Vapor known in Japan as Gas Human No. 1 (ガス人間第一号 Gasu Ningen dai Ichigo) is a tokusatsu film produced and released by Toho Studios in 1960. The film was made by Toho's legendary Godzilla directing/special effects/producing team of Ishirō Honda Eiji Tsuburaya and Tomoyuki Tanaka. Along with Secret of the Telegian and The H-Man it is often part of Toho's mutant trilogy.A sequel to this film was planned called Frankenstein vs.
 The Loves of Madame Dubarry a.k.a. I Give My Heart is a 1935 British historical film adapted from the stage operetta The DuBarry. Directed by Marcel Varnel and produced by J. H. Hoffberg Company. It is based on the life of Madame Du Barry.
 Arven is a 1979 Norwegian drama film directed by Anja Breien. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 House of Himiko (メゾン・ド・ヒミコ Mezon do himiko) also known internationally as La Maison de Himiko is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Isshin Inudo and starring Kō Shibasaki as Saori Min Tanaka as Saori's father Himiko and Joe Odagiri as Haruhiko Himiko's lover. The film was shown at the Japanese film festival in Sydney in December 2006 (as La Maison de Himiko).
 The Good the Bad and the Ugly (Italian title: Il buono il brutto il cattivo) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Leone starring Clint Eastwood Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach in the title roles respectively. The screenplay was written by Age & Scarpelli Luciano Vincenzoni and Leone based on a story by Vincenzoni and Leone.
 Pelicans London Zoological Gardens (French: Pélicans Jardin zoologique Londres) is a 1896 French short black-and-white silent actuality film produced by Auguste and Louis Lumière and directed by Alexandre Promio featuring pelicans following their keeper around their enclosure at London Zoological Gardens. The film was part of a series including Lion and Pelicans which were one of the earliest examples of animal life on film.
 Mahaveera is a 1988 Bollywood film directed by Naresh Saigal and starring Dharmendra Raaj Kumar Dimple Kapadia Raj Babbar Beena Banerjee.
 Sthanarthi Saramma is a 1966 Malayalam film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by T. E. Vasudevan.
 A Music Fairy is a 44-minute documentary about Nazia Hassan directed and produced by Ahmad Haseeb. The dcoumentary was screened at the Kara Film Festival in 2009. The documentary starts with the Anwar Maqsood's tribute poem on Nazia Hassan and then talks about Nazia's childhood. Ahmad Haseeb uses rare music videos of Nazia and Zoheb like Disco Deewane Boom Boom Mujhay Chahie Telephone Pyar & Hulla Gulla Karien Hum.
 Frankenstein Island is a 1981 American film starring John Carradine. It was the last movie directed by Jerry Warren and the only one of his low-budget films made in color.
 Paglu 2 is a 2012 Tollywood film directed by Sujit Mondal starring dev and Koel Mallick in lead roles. This is sequel to Paglu series but storywise not a sequel of Paglu. A major portion of this movie has been shot in Dubai. This film is a remake of 2011 Telugu film Kandireega directed by Santosh Srinivas and starring Ram and Hansika Motwani.
 Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson is a documentary by filmmaker Ken Burns based on the nonfiction book of the same name by Geoffrey C. Ward (2004).
 Noesa Penida ([nuˈsa pəˈnida]; Perfected Spelling Nusa Penida) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) which was directed by Andjar Asmara and produced by The Teng Chun of Java Industrial FIlm. It tells of a love triangle between two brothers born to a commoner and a noble woman.
 Meleparambil Aanveedu (Malayalam: മേലേപ്പറമ്പിൽ ആൺവീട് English: The All-Male House Of Meleparambil) is a 1993 Malayalam musical-romantic comedy film starring Jayaram and Shobana in the lead roles. It also stars Narendra Prasad Meena Jagathy Sreekumar Janardanan Vijayaraghavan Oduvil Unnikrishnan and Vinu Chakravarthy in other pivotal roles. Its story was conceived by lyricist Gireesh Puthenchery and the screenplay was written by Raghunath Paleri.
 Olympics 40 (Polish: Olimpiada 40) is a 1980 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Kotkowski. The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Divorce Italian Style (Italian: Divorzio all'italiana) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Pietro Germi. The screenplay was written by Ennio De Concini Pietro Germi Alfredo Giannetti and Agenore Incrocci; based on the novel Un delitto d'onore (Crime of Honor) by Giovanni Arpino. It stars Marcello Mastroianni Daniela Rocca Stefania Sandrelli Lando Buzzanca and Leopoldo Trieste.
 Every Little Crook and Nanny is a 1972 comedy film starring Victor Mature. Mature came out of retirement to play the role.
 Sexy Beast is a 2000 British crime film and the directorial debut of Jonathan Glazer. Glazer had previously directed music videos and commercials for companies such as Guinness and Levi's. The film stars Ray Winstone Ben Kingsley and Ian McShane.Kingsley's performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. In 2004 the magazine Total Film named Sexy Beast the 15th greatest British film of all time.
 Lifeu Ishtene (Kannada: ಲೈಫು ಇಷ್ಟೇನೆ) is a dark comedy-drama Kannada film written and directed by Pawan Kumar. It features Diganth Sindhu Lokanath and Samyukta Horanadu in the lead roles.
 When in Rome (1952) is a film starring Van Johnson Paul Douglas and Joseph Calleia. The film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was based on a story by Robert Buckner Dorothy Kingsley and Charles Schnee. When in Rome was one of the last films directed by famed MGM director Clarence Brown[citation needed].
 Monster is a 2003 crime drama film about serial killer Aileen Wuornos a former prostitute who was executed in Florida in 2002 for killing six men (she was not tried for a seventh murder) in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Wuornos was played by Charlize Theron and her fictionalized lover Selby Wall (based on Wuornos' real-life companion Tyria Moore) was played by Christina Ricci.
 Sumangali is a 1940 Telugu film directed by B. N. Reddi. The main concept of the film Widow remarriage is inspired by Kandukuri Veeresalingam. The protagonist role was played by Chittor V. Nagaiah and A. S. Giri.
 Heroine (IPA: [ˈhɛroʊɪn]) is an 2012 Indian drama film directed written and co-produced by Madhur Bhandarkar. Revolving around the life of a once successful film actress whose career is on the decline the film features Kareena Kapoor as the protagonist along with actors Arjun Rampal Randeep Hooda and Rakesh Bapat. Additionally the project also stars Shahana Goswami Divya Dutta Helen Shillpi Sharma Mugdha Godse and Lillete Dubey in supporting roles.
 Bunshinsaba 3 (Chinese: 笔仙III Bi Xian 3) is an upcoming 2014 Chinese horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki.
 City of Fear (1959) is a black-and-white film noir directed by Irving Lerner.
 The Wild Eye (Italian: L'occhio selvaggio) is a 1967 Italian drama film directed by Paolo Cavara. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Whole Shootin' Match is a 1978 American independent film directed and co-written by Eagle Pennell and starring Sonny Carl Davis Lou Perryman and Doris Hargrave. The Black-and-white film was originally shot in 16 mm. The film was restored and distributed on DVD by Watchmaker Films in 2006
 Gayab (English: Disappear or Vanished) (Hindi: गाय़ब) is a Hindi film released in the summer of the year 2004. It stars Tusshar Kapoor and Antara Mali as the lead protagonist. It was remade in Tamil as Githan.
 Gumbasia a 3 minute 10 second short film produced in 1953 and released on September 2 1955 was the first clay animation produced by Art Clokey who went on to create the classic series Gumby and Davey and Goliath using the same technique.Clokey created Gumbasia while studying at the University of Southern California under the direction of Slavko Vorkapić. The film was a surreal short of pulsating shapes and lumps of clay set to music in a parody of Walt Disney's Fantasia.
 Rive droite rive gauche (also known as As Right Bank Left Bank) is a French film directed by Philippe Labro starring Gérard Depardieu and Nathalie Baye. Carole Bouquet received a César nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
 Pearl of the Army is a 1916 American silent film serial directed by Edward José. The Pathé-Astra film was made when many early film studio and film producers in America's first motion picture industry were based in New Jersey's Hudson River towns particularly Fort Lee.
 Happenstance is a 2000 French film starring Audrey Tautou and Faudel. The film is also known as The Beating of the Butterfly's Wings a literal translation of its original French title Le Battement d'ailes du papillon. The title references the Butterfly effect from chaos theory which is quoted at greater length by one of the characters in the film.
 Patolandia nuclear is a 1978 Argentine film.
 Isabel is a 1968 Canadian film written directed and produced by Paul Almond.
 Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon (Hindi: मैं माधुरी दीक्षित बनना चाहती हूँ English: I Want To Become Madhuri Dixit) is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by Chandan Arora and produced by Ram Gopal Verma. The story follows a poor uneducated woman (Antara Mali) who is a huge fan of famous Bollywood actress Madhuri Dixit to the extent that she aspires to become the new Madhuri Dixit by attempting to join the Bollywood film industry. The film was shot in Mumbai India.
 Aa Jaa Sanam is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Yusuf Naqvi. The film stars Feroz Khan Tanuja and Deven Verma. The films music is by Usha Khanna and the lyrcis by Indeevar.
 Unloved is a 2001 Japanese romance film directed by Kunitoshi Manda starring Yoko Moriguchi Shunsuke Matsuoka and Tōru Nakamura. It won the Grand Rail d'Or prize and the Future Talent prize at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Uncle Vanya (Russian: Дядя Ваня translit. Dyadya Vanya) is a 1970[citation needed] film adaptation of the Anton Chekhov play of the same title and directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy.
 2001 Maniacs: Field of Screams is a 2010 comedy-horror film written and directed by Tim Sullivan and is a sequel to his earlier film 2001 Maniacs. The story and characters are based on Herschell Gordon Lewis' original film Two Thousand Maniacs.
 A Son Is Born is a 1946 Australian melodrama.
 Cher menteur (English: Dear liar) is a French TV drama film from 1982. It was directed by Alexandre Tarta written by Jean Cocteau starring Jean Marais and Edwige Feuillère.
 The Rebel (Vietnamese: Dòng Máu Anh Hùng) is a 2007 Vietnamese martial arts film directed by Charlie Nguyen and starring Johnny Tri Nguyen and Dustin Nguyen. It premiered on April 12 2007 at the Vietnamese International Film Festival in Irvine California. It was released on April 27 2007 in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and played as the Closing Night film at the 2007 VC FilmFest in Los Angeles.
 Quax der Bruchpilot is a 1941 German film directed by Kurt Hoffmann.
 Murphy's I.O.U. is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Tante Trude aus Buxtehude is a 1971 West German film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb.
 Chittagong is a 2012 Indian historical war drama film directed by Bedabrata Pain. The film stars Manoj Bajpai in the lead role and is based upon actual events of British India's (now in Bangladesh) Chittagong Uprising. The film features music by trio Shankar Ehsaan Loy and sound by Resul Pookutty. The world premier of film was on 10 April 2012.
 Prunella is a 1918 American silent romantic fantasy film directed by Maurice Tourneur. The film is based on the 1906 play Prunella or Love in a Dutch Garden by Laurence Housman and Harley Granville-Barker and stars Marguerite Clark in the title role. Clark also starred in the 1913 Winthrop Ames produced Broadway stage production on which the film is based. The majority of the film is considered lost with only fragments still in existence.
 The Decalogue - Three (Polish: Dekalog trzy) is the third part of the television series The Decalogue by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski possibly connected to the fourth and seventh imperative of the Ten Commandments: Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy and Thou shalt not commit adultery.
 Santo vs. las Mujeres Vampiro (also known as Samson vs. the Vampire Women) is a 1962 horror film starring the wrestling superhero Santo. The film was featured on a 1995 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. The film was also featured on the television show Cinema Insomnia.
 Babe's School Days is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Compromised (1931) is an all-talking pre-code drama film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by John G. Adolfi. The movie stars Rose Hobart Ben Lyon Claude Gillingwater and Florence Britton. It was based on a play by Edith Fitzgerald.
 Hungama is a comedy Bengali film made in 2006. Mithun Chakraborty played the lead role along with Rituparna Sengupta and Jishu Sengupta.
 Janwar Aur Insaan is a 1972 Hindi movie directed by Tapi Chanakya. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Raakhee Sujit Kumar Jagdeep Nirupa Roy and Madan Puri . The music is by Kalyanji Anandji
 Habitat is a 1997 science fiction film produced for the direct-to-video market and shown on the Sci Fi Channel. The film's message is largely one of ecological warning mixed with science fiction elements of genetic engineering family angst and redemption. It is the only theatrical movie filmed in Sony's early analog High Definition format. Sony donated the equipment and technical support in an attempt to popularize the format.
 Yaaro Ezhuthiya Kavithai is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar starring Sivakumar Jayashree in lead roles.
 The Beetle is a 1919 British silent horror film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Maudie Dunham Hebden Foster and Fred Morgan. It was based on the 1897 novel The Beetle by Richard Marsh.
 Amphetamine (Chinese: 安非他命; Jyutping: on1 fei1 taa1 ming6) is a 2010 Hong Kong film starring Byron Pang and Thomas Price. It revolves around the story of a Chinese fitness trainer Kafka who meets Daniel a business executive. The film is directed by acclaimed Hong Kong Chinese film-maker Scud the stage name of Danny Cheng Wan-Cheung. It was nominated for a Teddy Award at the Berlin International Film Festival of 2010.
 Molester's Bus 2: Heat of the Over Thirty (痴漢バス２　三十路の火照り Chikan Basu 2: Misoji no Hoteri) is a 2002 Japanese pink film directed by Tarō Araki who also performs a role in the film. It won the award for Seventh Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Actress Koharu Yamazaki who performs in the film was named Best Actress at the ceremony.
 The Understudy is a 2008 black comedy from British duo David Conolly and Hannah Davis and is their second feature-length film through their Mansion Pictures flagship which is currently traveling the Film Festival circuit around the world.
 Nine Girls and a Ghost is a 2002 comedy film filmed in Cantonese in which a girl receives a Mini Cooper that is possessed by Marco a ghost.
 The Suicide Shop (French: Le Magasin des Suicides) is a 2012 French animated film written and directed by Patrice Leconte and is based on Jean Teule's novel of the same name.It was released on 16 May in France. As with the source material it centres on an undepressed child born into a proprietarial family that runs a shop that sells suicide adjuncts in a dilapidated near future apocalyptic city ravaged by the vicissitudes of severe climate change.
 Bryan Loves You is a 2008 horror film directed by Seth Landau. The film relates the supposed true story of the Cult of the Bryans who took over a small Arizona town in 1993. It was shot in 17 days with a budget of $25000.
 Exorcist II: The Heretic is a 1977 horror film directed by John Boorman and written by William Goodhart. It stars Linda Blair Richard Burton Louise Fletcher Max von Sydow Kitty Winn Paul Henreid and James Earl Jones. It is a sequel to William Friedkin's 1973 film The Exorcist based on the 1971 novel by William Peter Blatty. The sequel is set four years after The Exorcist and centers on a now 16-year-old Regan MacNeil who is still recovering from her previous demonic possession.
 Rise Above: The Tribe 8 Documentary is a feature film directed and produced by Tracy Flannigan that documents the all women queercore punk band Tribe 8.The film chronicles live performances candid moments of their lives at work and on the road and the controversy at the Michigan Womyn's Music Festival an all women's music festival that landed them in a quagmire of protest and praise from a fiercely divided crowd.
 Eva is a 2011 Spanish science fiction film directed by Kike Maíllo. It was released on 7 September 2011 at the 68th Venice International Film Festival where it was screened out of competition. The film stars Daniel Brühl Marta Etura Lluís Homar and Alberto Ammann.Eva was nominated in twelve categories at the 26th Goya Awards scoring three wins — Best New Director Best Supporting Actor and Best Special Effects.
 The Heart of Steel is a documentary directed by Angelo J. Guglielmo Jr. and had its World Premiere at The Tribeca Film Festival in May 2006. Personally selected by festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal this historical film chronicles a group of ordinary citizens who volunteered in the search and rescue and cleanup efforts after the collapse of the World Trade Center following the September 11 attacks.
 Artificially Speaking is a short film which premiered at Dances with Films 2009 at the Laemmle Sunset 5 June 6 2009. It stars Alan Sues Lou Wagner Karen Rambo and an assorted cast.
 Coach of the Year is a 1980 American TV film about a paraplegic coach starring Robert Conrad Erin Gray Red West and Daphne Reid.
 Antony and Cleopatra is a 1908 film starring Maurice Costello and Florence Lawrence in the title roles based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name. Dramatizing the ill-fated romance between Mark Antony and Cleopatra VII of Egypt it was the earliest Cleopatra-related motion picture ever made.
 Tall in the Saddle is a 1944 American Western film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring John Wayne and Ella Raines.
 Snowbound is a thriller film released in 2001. The film stars Erika Eleniak Monika Schnarre and Peter Dobson.
 Dangan Runner (弾丸ランナー) is a 1996 Japanese comedy film directed by Sabu.
 Rodríguez supernumerario is a 1948 Argentine film.
 This article is about the Quebec film. For the date see February 15 and 1839.February 15 1839 (original title: 15 février 1839) is a 2001 Quebec historical drama film. Directed by Pierre Falardeau it is about the incarceration at the Pied-du-Courant Prison and the execution by hanging there of Patriote participants of the Lower Canada Rebellion.
 The Sacrifice (Swedish: Offret) is a 1986 drama film directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and starring Erland Josephson. It was the final film by Tarkovsky who died shortly after completing it.
 Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam is a 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie and sequel to the 2008 film Camp Rock. The film premiered on September 3 2010 (2010-09-03) on Disney Channel. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 7 2010 in the United States and Canada. The film won the 2011 People's Choice Awards for Favorite Family TV Movie.
 Optimistic Tragedy (Russian: Оптимистическая трагедия translit. Optimisticheskaya tragediya) is a 1963 Soviet film directed by Samson Samsonov. It is based on the eponymous play by Vsevolod Vishnevsky and was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.Optimistic Tragedy was a Soviet blockbuster of 1963 with 46 millions tickets sold.
 Kung Fu Panda 3 is an upcoming 3D American-Chinese computer-animated action comedy martial arts film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson written by Jonathan Aibel & Glenn Berger produced by Melissa Cobb and executive produced by Guillermo del Toro. It is the sequel to the 2011 film Kung Fu Panda 2 and third installment in the Kung Fu Panda franchise.
 The Trollenberg Terror is the title of both a 1956 Saturday Serial ITV UK television programme and a better-known 1958 black-and-white science fiction film. The latter is also known as The Crawling Eye Creature from Another World The Creeping Eye and The Flying Eye. Both versions are directed by Quentin Lawrence and feature Laurence Payne as journalist Philip Truscott who investigates unusual accidents occurring at a Swiss resort.
 Teenage Catgirls in Heat (originally titled Catgirls) is a 1993 comedy film co-written and directed by Scott Perry and distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 The Genius Club is a 2006 film from the United States written and directed by Tim Chey. The film was released on October 27 2006 via the Cinemark Theaters.The film tells the story of seven geniuses who try to solve the world's problems in one night in order to prevent a nuclear bomb from exploding in Washington D.C. The film was produced and distributed by Cloud Ten Pictures and RiverRain Productions.
 For Eyes Only is an East German espionage film. It was released in 1963.
 Hello Jai Hind! is a 2011 Marathi-language Indian film directed by Gajendra Ahire starring Nitin Chandrakant Desai and Trupti Bhoir. The film follows the story of a person and the trouble he faces in the society when he takes on life only through the right path.
 Paranormal Activity 4 is a 2012 American supernatural horror film directed by Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost directors of Paranormal Activity 3 and written by Christopher Landon from a story by Chad Feehan. The film features Katie Featherston who starred in the first film and had cameos in the other two. The film was released in theaters and IMAX on October 17 2012 in the United Kingdom and was released on October 18 2012 in the United States by Paramount Pictures.
 A Brand New Hero is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Tor Villanoand starring Tita Duran Reynaldo Dante and Luningning.
 Vedivazhipadu is a 2013 Malayalam sex comedy film scripted and directed by newcomer Shambu Purushothaman a graduate of Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute. The cast includes Indrajith Sukumaran Murali Gopy Saiju Kurup Anumol Sreejith Ravi Anusree and Mythili. The film was produced by director Arun Kumar Aravind under the banner of Karmayug Movies.
 Yesterday (Hungarian: Tegnap) is a 1959 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
 ''Beethoven's 5th is the fifth installment in the Beethoven film series all sequels to the 1992 film Beethoven. It was a direct-to-video release in December 2003. Daveigh Chase takes over the role of Sara which was originally played by Michaela Gallo in the previous two films. This was the final film of the original Beethoven series. The 2008 film Beethoven's Big Break was a reboot of the film series.
 7 Days (French: Les 7 jours du talion The 7 Days of Retaliation) is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Grou and starring Claude Legault. The screenplay was written by Patrick Senécal and based on his novel Les sept jours du talion.
 The Night Riders is a 1916 American silent Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Rakta Charitra is a cult two-part Indian parallel biographical crime film based on the life of Paritala Ravindra directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film features Vivek Oberoi as Ravindra in the lead role whilst Suriya plays Surya who predominantly appears in the second part which did not repeat the commercial success of first part.
 Not the Bradys XXX is an adult film spoof the popular family television show The Brady Bunch produced by Hustler Video.The producers David & Mullen have made their careers out of lampooning pop culture in an adult entertainment vein. Before Not the Bradys they set their spotlight on Britney Spears when they made the adult film Britney Rears.
 My 20th Century (Hungarian: Az én XX. századom) is a 1989 Hungarian comedy-drama film written and directed by Ildikó Enyedi. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival. Enyedi won the Golden Camera award at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Canyon is a 2009 thriller film written by Steve Allrich and directed by Richard Harrah.
 'Swapner Bashor' also (Bengali: স্বপ্নের বাসর translation: English: The Dream of Love)) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by F i Manik. the film based on triangle love story With All Great Songs. Stars Riaz Shakib Khan Shabnur Rajiv and many more.
 Flicka: Country Pride is a 2012 direct-to-DVD film and sequel to Flicka (2006) and Flicka 2 (2010).
 Concrete Cowboys is a 1979 American TV Movie directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Jerry Reed and Tom Selleck. It was also a short-lived 1981 TV series with Jerry Reed reprising his role as J.D. Reed and Geoffrey Scott taking over Tom Selleck's role as Will Eubanks.The film is also known as Highway Action (in Finland) Nashville detective (in Italy) and Ramblin' Man the latter under which it was released on video by a few companies including Edde Entertainment.
 Nights and Weekends is a 2008 American mumblecore film directed by and starring Joe Swanberg and Greta Gerwig. The film follows a long-distance relationship and its aftermath.It premiered at South by Southwest screened within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on October 10 2008.
 The Violent Enemy is a film about an IRA plot to blow up a British power station.It was originally known as Come the Hero and filming began in Waterford in October 1968.
 Thendral Varum Theru is a 1994 Tamil Indian feature film directed by N. G. Gowri Manohar. The film stars Ramesh Aravind and Kasthuri in the lead roles.
 AKA: Girl Skater is a 2003 documentary about four female professional skateboarders on a skateboarding tour in Australia.The documentary follows Dave Carnie (from Big Brother Skateboard Magazine) as he leads pro skaters Amy Caron Vanessa Torres Monica Shaw and Jaime Reyes on a tour of Australia visiting a variety of skate parks and tourist attractions.
 A Home at the End of the World is a 2004 drama film directed by Michael Mayer. The screenplay by Michael Cunningham was adapted from his 1990 novel of the same title.
 For the short film made in Phonofilm starring Frank McGlynn Sr. as Lincoln see Abraham Lincoln (1924 film).The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln is a 1924 feature film directed by Phil Rosen and written by Frances Marion.
 Student No.1 is a Telugu movie starring Jr NTR and Gajala. This was the debut film of current Tollywood director S.S. Rajamouli. This film turned out to be a hit for both the actor and the director as well. The film was dubbed in Hindi as Aaj Ka Mujrim. The film was remade into Tamil as Student Number 1.
 Hollywood Outlaw The Unmaking of a Bitter Jester is the director’s cut of the controversial documentary Bitter Jester which was buried in 2004 amidst much scandal never to be seen again. Directed by written by and starring Maija DiGiorgio this film follows her through the construction and subsequent deconstruction of Bitter Jester including all of the footage that sparked the scandal leading to blackmail and censorship.
 Flying Leathernecks is a 1951 action war film directed by Nicholas Ray produced by Edmund Grainger (who had produced Sands of Iwo Jima) and starring John Wayne and Robert Ryan. The movie details the exploits and personal battles of United States Marine Corps aviators during World War II. Marines have long had the nickname leatherneck hence the title.
 Blade is a 1998 American vampire-superhero action film starring Wesley Snipes and Stephen Dorff loosely based on the Marvel Comics character Blade. Snipes plays Blade a human-vampire hybrid who protects humans from vampires.The film was directed by Stephen Norrington and written by David S. Goyer. Blade grossed $70 million at the U.S. box office and $131.2 million worldwide. It was followed by two sequels Blade II and Blade: Trinity both written by Goyer.
 Reasonable Doubt is a 1936 British comedy film produced by Gabriel Pascal starring John Stuart and Nancy Burne.The story follows a lawyer (Stuart) whose love for a young girl (Burne) causes him to defend the man he thinks to be her lover. During the trial the lawyer finds out that the man is his own son.
 Avane Nanna Ganda (Kannada: ಅವನೇ ನನ್ನ ಗಂಡ) is a 1989 Kannada film starring Kashinath and Sudharani in the lead roles. The film was directed by S. Umesh and K. Prabhakar for Vijay Films banner.Most of the film's cast and crew reprises from the 1988 film Avale Nanna Hendthi.
 50/50 is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Levine from a screenplay written by Will Reiser starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen with Anna Kendrick Bryce Dallas Howard Serge Houde Philip Baker Hall Matt Frewer and Anjelica Huston in supporting roles. The film is loosely inspired by Reiser's own experience with cancer. The film received positive feedback from critics and was a success at the box office earning $39.1 million against an $8 million budget.
 The Student Boarder (하숙생 - Hasuksaeng) is a 1966 South Korean film. It was presented at the 27th Venice International Film Festival.
 Gunaah is a 2002 Bollywood thriller written by Mahesh Bhatt directed by Amol Shetge and starring Bipasha Basu and Dino Morea in the lead roles. The film was released on 16 September 2002.
 The Incredible Petrified World is a 1958 science fiction film directed by Jerry Warren and starring John Carradine. It was only theatrically released on April 16 1960 on a double bill with Teenage Zombies.
 Always Faithful (also known as Blanche Sweet in Always Faithful) is a 1929 American short produced by The Vitaphone Corporation in conjunction with Warner Bros.. The short was distributed through Warner Bros.The film marks the sound film debut of veteran film actress Blanche Sweet who began her screen career in 1909 as a teenager working for D. W. Griffith. It is preserved at the Library of Congress who recently restored it for showing at the National Gallery of Art.
 Appooppan (also known as Charitram Aavarthikkunnilla before release) is a 1976 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. Bhaskaran starring Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair Jayabharathi Sumithra and Kamal Haasan.
 Faith Happens is a 2009 Christian film directed by Rick Garside. Garside who has created many successful films over the last 20+ years collaborated with singer Pat Boone to make the film after noticing a growing debate regarding the need for churches. Many of Faith Happens' scenes were shot in a Kenyan refugee camp town and National Park.
 Won't Last A Day Without You is a 2011 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Sarah Geronimo and Gerald Anderson with a special participation of Joey de Leon. The film was produced and released by Star Cinema and Viva Films and directed by Raz dela Torre. It was released on November 30 2011 in the Philippines.
 Dimboola is a 1979 Australian independent film about a country wedding reception. It is based on the 1969 play of the same name by Jack Hibberd and was principally filmed on location in Dimboola Victoria.
 Chilika Teerey (Oriya: ଚିଲିକା ତୀରେ) is a 1977 Indian Oriya film directed by Biplab Roy Choudhury story of an oppressed illiterate fisher-folk being swindled and kept in check by the business sharks and how they revolt back.
 Clancy in Wall Street is a 1930 comedy film. it stars Charles Murray who had made a number of films for Edward Small.It was also known as Clancy Caught Short and was described as the first comedy about the stock market crash.
 Chimmie Fadden is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed written and edited Cecil B. DeMille. The film starred Victor Moore in the title role and is based on the play and short story of the same name by Edward W. Townsend. The film is now considered lost.
 Luces de candilejas is a 1956 Argentine film.
 Copycat is a 1995 American psychological thriller starring Sigourney Weaver Holly Hunter and Dermot Mulroney. The film was directed by Jon Amiel with a score composed by Christopher Young.
 Drones is a 2010 office comedy film directed by Amber Benson and Adam Busch who describe it as The Office meets Close Encounters.
 Boulevard is a 2014 film directed by Dito Montiel. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival.
 Godsend is a 2004 American/Canadian thriller film and is directed by Nick Hamm. The score is by Brian Tyler.
 The Rainbow Thief is a 1990 film directed by cult film-maker Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Berta Domínguez D.. It reunites Lawrence of Arabia co-stars Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif in a fable of friendship. Christopher Lee also plays a cameo.
 A Soldier's Tale is a 1988 romantic drama film directed and produced by Larry Parr starring Gabriel Byrne and Marianne Basler. It is based on a novel by M. K. Joseph.
 Do Your Duty is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Ayyavazhi is a Tamil language film directed by P.C.N. Anbazhagan; it was released on 27 June 2008.
 Narsi Bhagat is a Bollywood film directed by Vijay Bhatt released in 1940.
 The Pink Panther Strikes Again is the fifth film in The Pink Panther series and picks up where The Return of the Pink Panther leaves off. Released in 1976 Strikes Again is the third entry to include the words Pink Panther in its title despite the fact the story does not involve the Pink Panther diamond.Unused footage from the film was later included in Trail of the Pink Panther.
 The Lost Missile is a 1958 science fiction film which was originally slated to be directed by William A. Berke who also executive produced the film. The screenplay was co-written by John McPartland and the longtime science-fiction writer Jerome Bixby and starred a young Robert Loggia. When William Berke suddenly died as filming was set to begin his son Lester Wm. Berke (who had come up with the original story) took over the direction.
 Moordwijven (Murdering Babes) is a 2007 black comedy about millionaire wives who get revenge on their cheating husbands by having them killed. The film is directed by Dick Maas. This film marks the first film in 6 years he has directed and the first Dutch language film in 12 years the last previous film being Flodder 3. It was first to be called 'De Botox Methode' (in English: The Botox Method) but this title was dropped because of legal matters.
 To Catch a Dollar: Muhammad Yunus Banks on America is an 2010 documentary film directed and produced by Gayle Ferraro about the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner's ongoing campaign against poverty around the world. It touches on the beginnings of the original Grameen Bank in the 1970s then focuses primarily on the beginnings of Grameen America's work in the US especially the launch of its first programs in Queens New York in 2008.
 The Houseguest and My Mother (Hangul: 사랑방 손님과 어머니; RR: Sarangbang sonnimgwa eomeoni) is a 1961 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It is based on a best-selling novel by Chu Yo-Sup it was given the Best Film award at the 1961 Asia Pacific Film Festival. The film was also selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 35th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.Not to be confused with the 2007 Korean film of the same name.
 Admirals All (1935) is a British comedy film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring Wynne Gibson Gordon Harker Anthony Bushell and George Curzon. It was based on a play by Ian Hay.
 Don Lorenzo is a 1952 Italian musical drama film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia.
 Anne Devlin is a 1984 Irish drama film directed by Pat Murphy. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Devalokam (Malayalam: ദേവലോകം English Translation: Abode of Gods) is a 1979 unfinished Malayalam film directed by well known writer M. T. Vasudevan Nair. Actor Mammootty appeared in his first lead role in this film. The film was produced by Janasakthi Films.
 Six Bullets is an independent short western film written and directed by Graham Killeen. The film's narrative centers around a family torn apart by the work of an evil demon. It was Killeen's directorial debut and is credited with earning him the Best Local Filmmaker award from the Milwaukee Newspaper Shepherd Express in 2006. Signal Fire Films funded the film and is currently submitting it to the American film festival circuit.[citation needed]
 Forgotten Women is a 1949 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Elyse Knox Edward Norris and Robert Shayne. The film follows the lives and romantic entanglements of three women who frequent a bar.
 Days of Dreams (Serbian: Дани од снова translit. Dani od snova) is a 1980 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Vlatko Gilic. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Koochie Koochie Hota Hai is a delayed-release computer-animated Bollywood film directed by Vishal Sonawane and Tarun Mansukhani and co-produced by Dharma Productions and Prana Studios. The voice-over for the lead anthropomorphic characters has been given by Shahrukh Khan Kajol Rani Mukerji Sanjay Dutt and Ritesh Deshmukh. It is an animated remake of the hit 1998 Hindi film Kuch Kuch Hota Hai.Production started in 2010.
 SPEC: Close (劇場版 ＳＰＥＣ～結～　漸ノ篇) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi. It was released on 1 November.
 Der Schinderhannes is a 1959 film. It was also known as Duel in the Forest.
 Europa (1991) is a film directed by Lars von Trier. It is von Trier's third theatrical feature film and was the final film in his Europa trilogy following The Element of Crime (1984) and Epidemic (1987).Europa was released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Europa Europa (1990). Co-written by von Trier and Niels Vørsel it tells the story of a young idealistic American who hopes to show some kindness to the German people soon after the end of World War II.
 The Truth is a 1988 Hong Kong trial film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Andy Lau and Deanie Ip. This film is a sequel to the 1985 film The Unwritten Law. It is followed by a sequel The Truth Final Episode released the following year and is the last film of the film series.
 The Seventh Survivor is a 1941 British black-and-white spy war film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Felix Aylmer Jane Carr Wally Patch Linden Travers Austin Trevor Frank Pettingell Ronald Shiner as Ernie and Martita Hunt. It was produced by British National Films and Shaftesbury Films.
 Badalti Duniya is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 The President (French: Le Président) is a 1961 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil.
 Lost and Found (天涯海角 - Tian ya hai jiao literally the ends of the world) is a 1996 Hong Kong film written and directed by Lee Chi-Ngai. It stars Kelly Chan Takeshi Kaneshiro and Michael Wong.
 The Moises Padilla Story is a 1961 Philippine drama film directed by Gerardo de León. The film was selected as the Philippine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 34th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. The film exists today but is in need of restoration.The film is a biography of a Negros Occidental mayoral candidate who in 1951 was tortured and murdered by the private army of the provincial governor after he had refused to withdraw his candidacy.
 Lost in a Harem is a 1944 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
 Drifters (1929) is silent documentary film by John Grierson his first and only personal film. It tells the story of Britain's North Sea herring fishery. The film's style has been described as being a response to avant-garde Modernist films adopting formal techniques such as montage - constructive editing emphasising the rhythmic juxtaposition of images - but also aimed to make a socially directed commentary on its subject(Tate Gallery: Liverpool 2006).
 El otro (English: The Other) is a 2007 Argentine French and German drama film written and directed by Ariel Rotter his second feature.The film was executive produced by Aqua Films' Verónica Cura and produced by Enrique Piñeyro and Christian Baute.El otro was funded by the Instituto Nacional de Cine y Artes Audiovisuales (Argentina) the Vision Sudest Fund (Switzerland) the World Cinema Fund (Berlin International Film Festival) and the Hubert Bals Fund (Netherlands).The picture features Julio Chávez as Juan Desouza who was awarded the Silver Bear as Best Actor at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival.
 Sunny is a 1930 all-talking pre-code musical comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Brothers. The movie was based on the Broadway stage hit Sunny produced by Charles Dillingham which played from September 22 1925 to December 11 1926. Marilyn Miller who had played the leading part in the Broadway production was hired by Warner Brothers to reprise the role that made her the highest-paid star on Broadway.
 Ladies They Talk About is a 1933 Pre-Code American crime drama directed by Howard Brethertonand William Keighley and starring Barbara Stanwyck Preston Foster and Lyle Talbot. Based on the play Women in Prison by Dorothy Mackaye and Carlton Miles the film is about an attractive woman who is a member of a bank-robbery gang. She confesses her crime to an acquaintance who sends her to prison because he loves her.
 Betsy's Wedding is a 1990 American comedy film written directed by and starring Alan Alda. It co-stars Molly Ringwald Ally Sheedy Madeline Kahn Joey Bishop Joe Pesci Anthony LaPaglia Burt Young and Catherine O'Hara.
 Terra Nova is a 1991 film by Calogero Salvo starring Marisa Laurito Antonio Banderas and Mimí Lazo in lead roles.
 The Seventh Seal (Swedish: Det sjunde inseglet) is a 1957 Swedish drama-fantasy film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. Set in Sweden during the Black Death it tells of the journey of a medieval knight (Max von Sydow) and a game of chess he plays with the personification of Death (Bengt Ekerot) who has come to take his life. Bergman developed the film from his own play Wood Painting.
 Sidewalks of New York is a 1931 American comedy film starring Buster Keaton.
 Sorry for Kung Fu (Croatian: Oprosti za kung fu) is a Croatian drama film directed by Ognjen Svilicic. It was released in 2004. The plot follows a pregnant unmarried woman who returns to her village in Croatia after living in Germany during the Yugoslav wars. Her family labors to find her a husband to avoid local scandal not knowing the father is Asian.
 Bank Chor is an upcoming crime comedy Bollywood film. The film is directed by Bumpy and produced by Ashish Patil.
 Mr. Jones Has a Card Party is a 1909 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists.
 The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D! On Ice! is a documentary special that examined the cultural phenomenon of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It aired on January 10 2010 on Fox. The special was directed by Morgan Spurlock.
 7 Seconds is a 2005 American crime film directed by Simon Fellows starring Wesley Snipes and Tamzin Outhwaite. The film was released on Direct-to-DVD in the United States on June 28 2005. The title refers to the timers at the beginning of the film which are set at 00:07 (7 seconds).
 Jaya Ganga (French: Jaya fille du Gange) is an international film made by Paris-based Indian writer film maker and screenplay writer Vijay Singh.The film stars Asil Rais and Smriti Mishra as leads.The film is based on Vijay Singh's first novel Jaya Ganga In Search Of the River Goddess (French:Jaya Ganga le Gange et son double) (Penguin Delhi/London 1985. Rupa & Co. Delhi 2005. Ramsay Paris 1985; Ginkgo éditeur Paris 2005).
 Days of Waiting (1990) is a documentary short film by Steven Okazaki about Estelle Ishigo a Caucasian artist who went voluntarily to an internment camp for Japanese Americans during World War II. The film was inspired by Ishigo's book Lone Heart Mountain and won an Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject and a Peabody Award.
 MGR Nagaril is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Alleppey Ashraf starring Anand Babu Sukanya Vivek Charle Pandiyan Shankar Napoleon S. S. Chandran and Sumithra.
 Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry (in Chinese 艾未未：道歉你妹; official title in Taiwan 艾未未：草泥馬) is a 2012 documentary film about Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei directed by American filmmaker Alison Klayman.Director Klayman received a special jury prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival for the film which also opened the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival in Toronto on 26 April 2012.
 Doctor Rhythm is a 1938 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby Mary Carlisle Beatrice Lillie and Andy Devine. Based on the short story The Badge of Policeman O'Roon by O. Henry the film is about a doctor who pretends to be a policeman assigned as the bodyguard of a wealthy matron whose beautiful niece becomes the object of his affections. The film features the songs On the Sentimental Side and My Heart is Taking Lessons.
 Parinda (Hindi: परिंदा English: The Bird) is an award-winning 1989 Indian crime drama film directed and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. It is considered by many Template:Whom? to be the turning point in reality in Hindi cinema as the theme of the film discusses the real life of Indian underworld gangsters and the general life of residents in the city of Mumbai. The film stars Jackie Shroff Anil Kapoor Nana Patekar and Madhuri Dixit in the lead roles.
 Stalingrad (Russian: Сталинград) is a 1989 two-part Soviet-East German-Czechoslovak-American co-production directed by Yuri Ozerov who also wrote the script. The film revolves around the Battle of Stalingrad.
 Arthur 2: On the Rocks is the 1988 sequel to the 1981 film Arthur. Lead actors Dudley Moore and Liza Minnelli reprised their roles.John Gielgud who won an Academy Award for his role in the original film reappears briefly in a drunken hallucination on Arthur's part.The film co-stars Kathy Bates as a woman who helps the characters of Arthur and Linda adopt a baby. Stephen Elliott reprises his role from the first film but his daughter Jill Eikenberry originally is now played by Cynthia Sikes.
 Prom Night is a 1980 American/Canadian slasher film directed by Paul Lynch and starring Leslie Nielsen and Jamie Lee Curtis. The original music score was composed by Paul Zaza and Carl Zittrer. The film was given a limited release in the United States on July 18 1980 (eventually going wide on August 15) and was considerably popular especially within the drive-in theater circuit.
 The Drift (ドリフト Dorifuto) film series consist of street racing films produced by Geneon Universal Entertainment released between 2006 to 2008. All the films are set on racing touge roads.
 Escape Velocity is a 1998 Canadian thriller film directed by Lloyd A. Simandl.
 Mazhavilkavadi English: Rainbow Festival) is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Raghunath Paleri. It stars Jayaram Urvashi Sithara Innocent Karamana Janardanan Nair Kaviyoor Ponnamma Philomina Sankaradi Oduvil Unnikrishnan Krishnan Kutty Nair and Mamukkoya.The film is considered one of the evergreen hits of Sathyan Anthikkad.
 Forbidden Fruit (French: Le Fruit défendu) is a 1952 French drama film directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Fernandel.
 The Coast of Folly is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Gloria Swanson in a dual role as mother and daughter. Richard Arlen had a small part in the film but his scenes were cut before release. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Conninsby William Dawson and adapted for the screen by James Ashmore Creelman.The film is one of eight films that Swanson and Dwan worked on together (four of which are now lost).
 A Blueprint for Murder is a 1953 thriller film noir starring Joseph Cotten Jean Peters and Gary Merrill. Andrew L. Stone wrote and directed the film.
 The Everest Peace Project is an organization based in the United States that promotes peace teamwork and cultural understanding by climbing some of the highest peaks in the world by a team of individuals from various faiths and cultures.
 Convicted is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Henry Levin starring Glenn Ford and Broderick Crawford. It was the third Columbia Pictures film adaptation of the 1929 stage play The Criminal Code by Martin Flavin following Howard Hawk's The Criminal Code (1931) and John Brahm's Penitentiary (1938).
 Globalisation is Good is a 2003 documentary film written and presented by Johan Norberg and produced by Freeform Productions for British Channel 4. The film directed by Charlotte Metcalf is based on Norberg's much celebrated book In Defense of Global Capitalism (published in 2001) that shows his view of the impact of globalisation and the consequences of its absence.
 Enga Ooru Kannagi is a 1981 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander starring Saritha Madhavi and Seema in lead roles.
 Boat People (Chinese: 投奔怒海; pinyin: Tóubēn Nù Hăi; Cantonese Yale: Tau ban no hoi; literally Into the Raging Sea) is an award-winning Hong Kong film directed by Ann Hui first shown in theatres in 1982. The film stars George Lam Andy Lau Cora Miao and Season Ma. At the second Hong Kong Film Awards Boat People won awards for Best Picture Best Director Best New Performer Best Screenplay and Best Art Direction. It was also screened out of competition at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Punchy Cowpunchers is the 120th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Wings (Swedish: Vingarne) is a 1916 Swedish silent film.
 Hotel California is a 2008 film that follows three professional criminals in Los Angeles.
 La Tutf'e al-Shams (Arabic: لا تطفئ الشمس‎ English: Don't Set the Sun Off or The Sun Will Never Set) is a 1961 Egyptian romance film. Directed by the Egyptian film director Salah Abu Seif this film is based on a novel with the same name written by the Egyptian novelist Ihsan Abdel Quddous and co-written by Helmy Halim. The film was presented in the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 1962 and was selected as one of the best 150 Egyptian film productions in 1996.
 The Culling is a supernatural thriller based on the adventuresome road trip of five college students who encounter a strange little girl with a secret. It is a post-apocalyptic horror film directed and written by Rustam Branaman and starring Jeremy Sumpter Elizabeth DiPrinzio Brett Davern Chris Coy Linsey Godfrey Virginia Williams Johnathon Schaech and Harley Graham.
 Inspector Pink Dragon is a 1991 Hong Kong action-crime-comedy film produced by and starring Lawrence Cheng and directed by Gordon Chan. This is also one of the earliest Hong Kong films shot in sync sound.
 Rânia is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Roberta Marques. The film premiered in the official competition of the 2012 International Film Festival Rotterdam and was the winner of the Première Brazil - New Paths in the 2011 Festival do Rio.
 Die Tödlichen Träume is a 1951 German drama film directed by Paul Martin. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 House of 9 is a 2004 thriller film directed by Steven R. Monroe and starring Dennis Hopper and Kelly Brook. It premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on 20 May 2004 and had a limited release in the United States in 2005.Nine strangers have been abducted and locked inside a house. A mysterious voice called The Watcher (voiced by Jim Carter) tells them that they are to play a game: the last person alive can leave the house and win five million dollars.
 We're No Angels is a 1989 comedy film directed by Neil Jordan. It stars Robert De Niro Sean Penn and Demi Moore. This was Jordan's last film to receive a PG-13 rating by the MPAA until Ondine in 2009.
 Nothing But Trouble is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 All-American Co-Ed is a 1941 American film directed by LeRoy Prinz.
 A Lucky Day (Spanish: Un día de suerte) is a 2002 Argentine and Italian film directed by Sandra Gugliotta her first feature film and written by Gugliotta and Marcelo Schapces. In Argentina it's also known as Lo que buscas es amor. The executive producer was Marcelo Schapces and produced by Sandra Gugliotta and Fernando Merinero.It features Valentina Bassi as Elsa. The theme of this docudrama is the economic turmoil and unemployment among the young in Argentina that occurred from 1999-2002.
 Fotoamator (released as Photographer internationally) is a 1998 documentary film directed by Dariusz Jablonski examining the life of the Jewish population and their Nazi overseers in the Łódź Ghetto.
 Private Practices: The Story of a Sex Surrogate is a 1985 American documentary film directed by Kirby Dick about the interaction between a sex surrogate and her clients. It is Dick's first documentary film.
 Boku to bokura no natsu (ぼくと、ぼくらの夏) is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Yutaka Kohira. It is based on a novel by Yūsuke Higuchi.
 Miss Mend (also known as The Adventures of the Three Reporters) is a 1926 Soviet spy film originally realised in three parts directed by and starring Boris Barnet and Fyodor Otsep. It is loosely based on the books by Marietta Shaginyan. The story follows the adventures of three reporters who try to stop a biological attack on the USSR by powerful Western businessmen. The surviving print is just over four hours long.
 Candyman 3: Day of the Dead is a 1999 straight-to-DVD horror film directed by Turi Meyer. It is the third film in the Candyman series.
 The Palm Beach Story is a 1942 romantic screwball comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges and starring Claudette Colbert Joel McCrea Mary Astor and Rudy Vallée. Victor Young contributed the lively musical score including a fast-paced variation of the William Tell Overture for the opening scenes. Typical for a Sturges movie the pacing and dialogue of The Palm Beach Story are very fast.
 Sumo Do Sumo Don't (シコふんじゃった。 Shiko funjatta) is a 1992 Japanese film directed by Masayuki Suo. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Final Justice is a 1984 film starring Joe Don Baker and directed by Greydon Clark. It follows the exploits of a Texas sheriff who overturns a Maltese city to find the mobster who killed his partner. The film was lampooned in a 1999 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. It was the lowest rated movie on IMDb but has since been replaced by Gunday.
 The iDol is a 2006 film from independent filmmaker Norman England. A science fiction satire filmed entirely in Japan The iDol tells the story of a Japanese collector who comes into possession of a figure with origins not of this world.The iDol premiered at the Fantasia Festival in Montreal on July 16 2006 and has subsequently played at various festivals around the world. It was first broadcast on Japan's SKY Perfect satellite channel on March 3 2008.
 Where the Boys Are (1960) is an Metrocolor and CinemaScope American coming-of-age comedy film written by George Wells based on the novel of the same name by Glendon Swarthout about four Midwestern college co-eds who spend spring break in Fort Lauderdale Florida. The title song Where the Boys Are was sung by Connie Francis who also co-starred in a supporting role. The film was aimed at the teen market featuring sun sand and romance.
 Too Much Sun is a 1990 film directed by Robert Downey Sr.. It was filmed in Beverly Hills and Los Angeles California USA.Robert Downey Jr. Eric Idle Andrea Martin and Allan Arbus star. This was the final screen appearance of actor Howard Duff.
 Three Little Pirates is the 96th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Tata Birla is a 1996 Tamil language comedy film directed by C. Ranganathan. The film features Parthiban Rachana Banerjee and Goundamani in lead roles. The film produced by M. S. V. Murali had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 4 October 1996. The film's plot bears similarities with Chiranjeevi starrer Telugu film Raja Vikramarka.
 Beowulf is a 1999 science fiction fantasy action film loosely based on the Old English epic poem Beowulf. Unlike most film adaptations of the poem this version is a science-fiction/fantasy film that according to one film critic takes place in a post-apocalyptic techno-feudal future that owes more to Mad Max than Beowulf. The film was directed by Graham Baker and written by Mark Leahy and David Chappe and comes from the same producer as Mortal Kombat which also starred Lambert.
 Devi Putrudu is a 2001 Telugu film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna. The film stars Daggubati Venkatesh Anjala Zaveri and Soundarya in important roles. The film was dubbed in Tamil as Paapa and in Hindi as Aaj Ka Deviputra.It is a commercial hit at box office. It starred Venkatesh in dual role a thief and an archaeologist.
 Champagne Charlie is a 1936 Drama directed by James Tinling starring Paul Cavanagh and Helen Wood.
 New Wave Hookers is a popular 1985 pornographic film featuring a cast of established performers from the era and followed by several sequels and a remake. The movie starred Ginger Lynn Desiree Lane Kristara Barrington Kimberly Carson Brooke Fields Gina Carrera Jamie Gillis Jack Baker Tom Byron Steve Powers Peter North Rick Cassidy Greg Rome and Steve Drake.
 Chill Out Scooby-Doo! is the eleventh Scooby-Doo direct-to-video film series produced by Warner Bros. Animation (though it used a Hanna-Barbera logo and copyright at the end of the movie) which began in late 2006. It was dedicated to Iwao Takamoto who died during the making of the film.
 Dragon in Jail is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Kent Cheng and starring Andy Lau Kenny Ho and Gigi Lai.
 Somers Town is a 2008 film directed by Shane Meadows written by Paul Fraser and produced by Barnaby Spurrier. It stars Thomas Turgoose Piotr Jagiello Kate Dickie Perry Benson and Elisa Lasowski. It was entirely funded by Eurostar.The film is a study of social environment in the Somers Town area of London largely shot in black and white.
 Mod Fuck Explosion is a film by Jon Moritsugu about a young girl named London who is trying to find meaning in the world or a leather jacket of her very own. Unaccepted by the Mods or the bikers she tries to find her own path through life. Meanwhile the Mods and the bikers have a vendetta against each other that is sure to erupt in a smorgasbord of violence. The film was written by Moritsugu and stars his wife Amy Davis as the angst ridden London.
 Quiz Show is a 1994 American historical drama film produced and directed by Robert Redford and written by Paul Attanasio based on Richard N. Goodwin's memoir Remembering America.
 Remember Me is a 2010 American romantic coming of age drama film directed by Allen Coulter and screenplay by Will Fetters. It stars Robert Pattinson Emilie de Ravin Chris Cooper Lena Olin and Pierce Brosnan.
 Goliath Against the Giants (Italian: Goliath contro i giganti also known as Goliath and the Giants) is a 1961 Italian peplum film directed by Guido Malatesta.
 Golddigger (Hungarian: Az aranyásó) is a 1914 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.Goldigger is about the California Gold Rush. Xarkrow the lead character leaves his home in Fortanska a fictional city in Hungary to go to California to dig for gold in the hills of the Sierra Nevada. While there he strikes it rich with great gold.
 Tangier is a 1946 black-and-white thriller film set in the city of Tangier Morocco that was directed by George Waggner and filmed on Universal's backlot.
 Fietje Peters Poste Restante is a 1935 Dutch comedy film drama directed by Victor Janson.
 Alegres vacaciones (English: Happy Holidays) is a 1948 Spanish animated film by José María Blay and Arturo Moreno.
 Baaghi: A Rebel for Love is a Bollywood Action romantic drama film starring Salman Khan Nagma and Shakti Kapoor which was released in 11 December 1990. It was Nagma's first role in Bollywood; as the opening credits note she was 15 years old when the film was released. The DVD cover has a warning noting that the movie is suitable only for persons of 15 years and older presumably because the plot revolves around prostitution.
 Pumpkinhead is a 1988 American supernatural horror film. It was the directorial debut of special effects artist Stan Winston. While Pumpkinhead received mixed reviews the film has built up a cult following in the years since its release.
 The Phantom Stage was a 1939 B movie directed by George Waggner starring Bob Baker as a singing cowboy.
 The Inner Circle is a 1946 American film directed by Philip Ford.Before he can finish placing his help-wanted ad over the phone the perfect candidate shows up at the office of Johnny Strange and fills the position of secretary without even giving Johnny a chance to say yes. She immediately takes the call from a new client a mysterious woman with a Spanish accent. When Johnny meets her the client is dressed all in black and wearing a heavy veil that conceals her face.
 American Bellydancer is a 2005 documentary film directed by Jonathan Brandeis. It features Bellydancers including Ansuya Rachel Galoob-Ortega Suhaila Salimpour Rachel Brice and Sonia.
 The Road to Glory is a 1936 dramatic film depiction of World War I trench warfare in France directed by Howard Hawks starring Fredric March Warner Baxter Lionel Barrymore and June Lang and produced by Twentieth Century Fox.
 Death Line is a 1972 British horror film distributed as Raw Meat in the United States. The film stars Donald Pleasence as Inspector Calhoun and was directed by the American filmmaker Gary Sherman.
 London Calling: Live in Hyde Park is a concert video of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band's performance during the Hard Rock Calling music festival in Hyde Park London on June 28 2009. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray formats by Columbia Records on June 22 2010.The work takes its name from the rendition of The Clash's London Calling that began the concert.
 Words in Blue (Les Mots bleus in French) is a French movie adapted from the novel Leur histoire by French author Dominique Mainard. The movie was adapted and directed by Alain Corneau and released in 2005
 Loafer is a 1973 Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh. The film stars Dharmendra Mumtaz Padma Khanna K.N. Singh. The film was a Hit at the box office and ranked 7th in top grossers on 1973.
 Water (Великая тайна воды) is a 2006 documentary television film directed by Anastaysia Popova about the memory of water. The film was part of television channel Rossiya 1's project Great mystery of water.
 Miracle in Lane 2 is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Frankie Muniz Rick Rossovich Molly Hagan and Patrick Levis.
 Make-Out with Violence is the first feature-length film directed by the Deagol Brothers.
 The Mapmaker is a 2012 English drama film. Jenny Agutter and Rachel Hurd-Wood play the role of Isabel. Charles Dance and Harry Eden play the role of Rowan.
 Chemman Chaalai (The Gravel Road) is a 2005 Malaysian feature film production directed by Deepak Kumaran Menon. The film is in Tamil with English subtitles.
 Oggi sposi (Just Married) is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Lucini.
 The Lady Vanishes is a 1979 British comedy mystery film directed by Anthony Page. Its screenplay by George Axelrod was based on the novel The Wheel Spins by Ethel Lina White (1876–1944). It stars Elliott Gould as Robert Cybill Shepherd as Amanda (Iris) Angela Lansbury as Miss Froy Herbert Lom Arthur Lowe and Ian Carmichael as Charters and Caldicott.The film is a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1938 film of the same name. The film follows two Americans travelling by train across 1938 Germany.
 The Hound That Thought He Was a Raccoon is a 1960 Walt Disney film directed by Tom McGowan.Mala a female raccoon lives with her cubs inside an old tree in the South. During a flood caused by an intense storm the tree collapses and Mala is able to save only one of her cubs Weecha. Nearby Jeff Emory a backwoods Mr. Fix It owns a pack of coonhounds and recently Lulubelle his prime female has had a litter of pups. Nubbin is the most active pup and frequently explores the farmyard.
 Varasudochhadu (Telugu: వారసుడొచ్చాడు) is a 1988 Tollywood Action - Family film. Directed by A. Mohan Gandhi and produced by K.Ravikishore under Sravanthi Movies. Venkatesh and Suhasini played the lead roles.
 Duniya Ek Tamasha is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Echoes From a Somber Empire (German: Echos aus einem düsteren Reich) is a documentary film by Werner Herzog about Jean-Bédel Bokassa.Unlike most of Herzog's documentaries the main body of the film does not provide any narration or commentary by Herzog himself. Instead the film follows journalist Michael Goldsmith as he revisits the Central African Republic where he was imprisoned and tortured by Bokassa's regime.
 Leprechaun 4: In Space is a 1997 direct-to-video horror comedy/science fiction film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. It is the fourth film in the Leprechaun series.
 Chasing the Deer is a 1994 British war film directed by Graham Holloway and starring Brian Blessed Iain Cuthbertson and Mathew Zajac. It depicts the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion in which Bonnie Prince Charlie landed in Scotland trying to claim the British throne. Chasing The Deer was filmed on location in Scotland including the site of the Battle of Culloden.
 Mossane is a 1996 Senegalese drama film directed by Safi Faye. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. Unlike some of Faye's earlier films which use a documentary style Mossane is purely fictional.
 The Tiger Woman was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and George Bellamy and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered lost.
 There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic drama film written co-produced and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. The film is loosely based on Upton Sinclair's 1927 novel Oil!. It tells the story of a silver miner-turned-oilman on a ruthless quest for wealth during Southern California's oil boom of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It stars Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano.The film received significant critical praise and numerous award nominations and victories.
 3 Days to Kill is a 2014 French-American action thriller film directed by McG and written by Luc Besson and Adi Hasak. The film stars Kevin Costner Amber Heard Hailee Steinfeld Connie Nielsen Richard Sammel and Eriq Ebouaney. The film was released on February 21 2014.The film although a modest box office success has received negative reviews.
 Ebb Tide is a 1932 British drama film directed by Arthur Rosson and starring Chili Bouchier Joan Barry George Barraud and Merle Oberon.
 Heart o' the Hills is a 1919 silent film directed by Joseph De Grasse and Sidney Franklin written by Bernard McConville and based on a John Fox Jr.'s novel.
 Golden Chicken 3 also known as Golden Chickensss (Chinese: 金雞SSS) is a 2014 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Matt Chow and starring Sandra Ng.
 Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated mockumentary family comedy film directed by Ash Brannon and Chris Buck. It features the voices of Shia LaBeouf Jeff Bridges Zooey Deschanel James Woods and Jon Heder among others.In production since 2002 at Sony Pictures Animation it was the studio's second theatrical feature.
 A Song to Remember is a 1945 Columbia Pictures biographical film which tells a fictionalised life story of Polish pianist and composer Frédéric Chopin. Directed by Charles Vidor the film starred Cornel Wilde (as Chopin) Merle Oberon (as George Sand) Paul Muni (as Józef Elsner) Stephen Bekassy (as Franz Liszt) and Nina Foch.
 Blind Boxer (Chinese: 盲拳) is a 1972 Hong Kong kung fu film.
 Sexy Battle Girls (狙われた学園、制服を襲う Nerawareta gakuen: seifuku o osou) AKA Target Campus: Attack the Uniform is a Japanese Pink film directed by Mototsugu Watanabe and starring Kyōko Hashimoto Hotaru Yukijiro and Yutaka Ikejima. The film was released in Japan in June 1986. The film first appeared in the United States as Sexy Battle Girls at the San Francisco Independent film festival on February 14 2009. The film was released on DVD in the United States on February 23 2009.
 The U.S. vs. John Lennon is a 2006 documentary film about English musician John Lennon's transformation from a member of The Beatles to a rallying anti-war activist striving for world peace during the late 1960s and early 1970s. The film also details the attempts by the United States government under President Richard Nixon to silence him. The film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival and its North American premiere at the Toronto Film Festival.
 The Vegas Job is a concert film of The Who's performance on October 29 1999 in Las Vegas Nevada at the infamous Pixelon launch event. The performance was supposed to be viewed over the Internet by millions of viewers but instead was only seen by the people in the theater until released on DVD. It was certified Gold in Canada after selling 5000 units.
 Así es el tango (English: Therefore it is The Tango) is a 1937 Argentine romantic drama film musical directed and written by Eduardo Morera based on a play by Florencio Chiarello. Starring Tita Merello and Tito Lusiardo. The film is an Argentine tango film a hugely popular genre of the period and Argentine culture.
 Blackout (German: 380.000 Volt – Der große Stromausfall) is a German film directed by Sebastian Vigg. It was released in 2010.
 School Days with a Pig (ブタがいた教室 Buta ga ita Kyōshitsu) is a 2008 Japanese drama film that is based on a true event that took place in an elementary school in Osaka Prefecture. The film is directed by Tetsu Maeda and its story is based on a novel about the event by Yasushi Kuroda. Actor Satoshi Tsumabuki will play the lead role of the class teacher in this film.
 When the Clock Strikes is a 1961 gangster film.
 Twenty Days Without War (Russian: Двадцать дней без войны Dvadtsat dney bez Voyny) is a 1976 Soviet film based on a story by Konstantin Simonov directed by Aleksey German and starring Yuri Nikulin and Lyudmila Gurchenko.
 La maleta is a 1963 Chilean short film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It was Ruiz's first film as a director.
 Atorrante is a 1939 Argentine film directed and written by Enrique de Rosas with Vicente Martínez Cuitiño.The film starred Enrique DeRosas and Irma Córdoba.
 Happy Ending is an upcoming Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.. The film features Govinda Saif Ali Khan Ranvir Shorey Ileana D'Cruz Kalki Koechlin as main characters and Preity ZintaKareena Kapoor Khan in Cameo.
 Shabri is 2011 Hindi film directed by Lalit Marathe and produced by Ram Gopal Varma. It is about a woman played by Ishaa Koppikar who becomes the first female crime lady in Mumbai. The film was completed in 2005 and was showcased as the opening film at International Rome Film Festival and was also premièred at the New York Asian Film Festival. The film was officially released worldwide on August 26 2011.
 Bundle of Joy (1956) is a musical remake of the comedy film Bachelor Mother (1939). It stars Eddie Fisher Debbie Reynolds and Adolphe Menjou. An unmarried salesgirl at a department store finds and takes care of an abandoned baby.
 Casa de Mi Padre (English: House of My Father or simply My Father's House) is a 2012 Spanish-language American comedy film. The film stars Will Ferrell Gael García Bernal Diego Luna and Génesis Rodríguez with Matt Piedmont directing a screenplay written by Andrew Steele. The film has been described to be in the style of an overly dramatic telenovela and tells the story of Armando Álvarez who must save his father's ranch from a powerful drug lord.
 'Historias de la radio' is a 1955 Spanish comedy film composed by three episodes directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia.
 Eight Ranger (エイトレンジャー Eito Renjā) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi starring the members of Japanese boy band Kanjani Eight.
 The Lie is a 1918 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Artcraft Pictures an affiliate of Paramount. J. Searle Dawley directed and stage star Elsie Ferguson starred in a story based on a 1914 play by Henry Arthur Jones and starring Margaret Illington. The film is now lost.
 Chow Ken (秋瑾) is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Nerupukkul Eeram is a 1984 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.Krishnamoorthy. It stars Thyagarajan and Ambika in the lead roles.
 King of California is a 2007 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Cahill. It is his debut as a screenwriter and director. The film premiered on January 24 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and opened in limited release in North America on September 14 2007. The film stars Michael Douglas as a mentally ill man who believes he has discovered buried treasure and Evan Rachel Wood as his weary daughter.
 Stranded: I've Come from a Plane that Crashed on the Mountains is a 2007 documentary film which tells the story of a rugby team from Uruguay who boarded Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571. The film features interviews with the survivors who recount their struggle to survive after the plane crashed in the Andes Mountains and were forced to consume the flesh of the deceased.
 Red Rover (also known as The Haunting Within) is a 2003 horror / thriller film directed by Marc S. Grenier. It is about two siblings played by William Baldwin and Jodi Lyn O'Keefe who travel to their families old ancestral estate upon the death of their father. They soon find out the hard way about their family's ancient secret of witchcraft and the occult.
 One Man Show is a 2002 Malayalam-language comedy-drama film that marks the directorial debut of Shafi with screenplay by the Rafi Mecartin duo. It stars Jayaram Samyuktha Varma Lal Manya Kalabhavan Mani and Narendra Prasad in pivotal roles. The story unfurls itself in the course of a TV game show. The film turned out to be hit in the box office and gave a good opening for director Shafi.
 Visitor Q (ビジターＱ Bizhitā Kyū) is a 2001 film directed by Japanese director Takashi Miike. It was filmed as the sixth and final part of the Love Cinema series consisting of six straight-to-video releases by independent filmmakers via a brief but exclusive run at the minuscule Shimokitazawa cinema in Tokyo.
 Ultraman (長篇怪獣映画ウルトラマン Chōhen Kaijū Eiga Urutoraman) is a 1967 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film consisting of re-edited material from the original television series Ultraman directed by Hajime and Eiji Tsuburaya and produced by Tsuburaya Productions and Toho.
 A Summer in St. Tropez or Un été à Saint-Tropez (original French title) is a 1983 French film directed by photographer David Hamilton.
 Pandanti Kapuram is a 1972 Telugu family drama film. The ensemble cast film was directed by Lakshmi Deepak.
 Wildness of Youth is a 1922 silent film directed by Ivan Abramson starring Virginia Pearson Harry T. Morey and Mary Anderson.
 Hell's Wind Staff (released in the United Kingdom as Hell'z Windstaff) is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lu Chin-ku and also written produced storied and directed by Tony Wong starring Hwang Jang Lee Meng Yuen-man Mang Hoi and Kwan Yung-moon.
 The Killer Eye is a 1999 American horror film starring Jacqueline Lovell and Dave Oren Ward and directed by David DeCoteau
 Koukan Kourcia is a 2010 documentary film.
 Perumal (English: Perumal) is a drama Tamil film starring Sundar C Namitha and Meenakshi. It is directed by Vincent Selva and one of the biggest flop in Sundar C.'s Career
 The Pearls of the Crown (French: Les Perles de la couronne) is a 1937 partially historical film by Sacha Guitry who plays four roles in it. Guitry's Jean Martin is investigate the history of seven pearls four of which end up on the crown of England the other three end up missing.
 The Paul Street Boys (Italian: I ragazzi della via Paal) is a 1935 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli and Alberto Mondadori. It is based on the novel by Ferenc Molnár and was entered into the 3rd Venice International Film Festival.
 Les Misérables is a 1935 American drama film starring Fredric March and Charles Laughton based upon the famous Victor Hugo novel of the same name. The movie was adapted by W. P. Lipscomb and directed by Richard Boleslawski. This was the last film for 20th Century Pictures before it merged with Fox Film Corporation to form 20th Century Fox.
 Artificial Paradise (Slovene: Umetni raj) is a 1990 Yugoslav film directed by Karpo Acimovic-Godina. It was screened out of competition at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Let's Try Again is a 1934 melodramatic film starring Clive Brook. It was known in Britain as Marriage Symphony.It earned $183000 at the box office at a time when a film of its budget was expected to earn $250000.
 Mother is a 1996 comedy-drama film directed by Albert Brooks and was co-written by Brooks with Monica Johnson. The film stars Brooks and Debbie Reynolds.
 Slightly Static is a 1935 American short comedy film directed by William H. Terhune. It was the debut film of Roy Rogers who performed with the Sons of the Pioneers although his name was uncredited.
 Bluebeard's Seven Wives was a 1926 American silent comedy film produced and released by First National Pictures. It was directed by Alfred Santell and starred Ben Lyon Lois Wilson and Blanche Sweet. The film is now considered lost.
 Good Luck Miss Wyckoff is a 1979 American drama film directed by Marvin J. Chomsky.The screenplay by Polly Platt is based on the 1970 novel of the same title by William Inge. Inge wrote two novels both set in the fictional town of Freedom Kansas. In Good Luck Miss Wyckoff (Atlantic-Little Brown 1970) high-school Latin teacher Evelyn Wyckoff loses her job because she has an affair with the school's black janitor.
 Blackout is a 2008 Finnish film written and directed by JP Siili.
 Wanted – $5000 is a 1919 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 One Two Ka One is a Pakistani Urdu comedy film directed by musician-director Ronaq Ali.
 Laheri Jeewan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.It starred Husn Banu Gope and W.M. Khan
 Dattuputhran is a 1970 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 The Ogre (aka Demons III: The Ogre The Ogre: Demons 3 House of the Ogre and La casa dell'orco) is a 1988 Italian horror-made for TV film directed by Lamberto Bava and written by Dardano Sacchetti. It was the last of four films made for the TV series Brivido Giallo; other films include Graveyard Disturbance Until Death and Dinner with a Vampire.
 Taana is an upcoming Indian Tamil action film directed by Durai Senthilkumar and produced by Dhanush collaborating for a second venture after Ethir Neechal (2013). The film features Sivakarthikeyan and Sri Divya in the leading roles. The venture which has music composed by Anirudh Ravichander will release in late 2014.
 El cantor del pueblo (English: The town's singer) is a 1948 Argentine musical film directed by Antonio Ber Ciani and written by Carlos Goicoechea and Rogelio cordone. It was premiered on January 23 1948.The film is about a trio of tango singers that are dreaming to be famous.
 Yaar Annmulle is a 2011 Indian Punjabi language film based on three friends and their college life. It stars Arya Babbar Yuvraj Hans (son of Hans Raj Hans) Harish Verma Jividha Ashta Kajal Jain Jenny Ghottra in lead roles and directed by Anurag Singh. The film was released on 7 October 2011. The film featured the song Tera Ishq Soniye by Lehmber Hussainpuri
 Art of Seduction (Hangul: 작업의 정석; RR: Jageobui Jeongseok) is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Son Ye-jin Song Il-gook and directed by Oh Ki-hwan. It was released on 21 December 2005 distributed by Chungeorahm Film and ran at 100 minutes.
 1969 is a 1988 drama film starring Robert Downey Jr. Kiefer Sutherland and Winona Ryder. It was written and directed by Ernest Thompson. The original music score is composed by Michael Small. The film deals with the Vietnam War and the resulting social tensions between those who support and oppose the war in small-town America.
 El chevrolé is a 1999 Uruguayan film.
 Black Dynamite is a 2009 American action comedy film starring Michael Jai White Salli Richardson Arsenio Hall Kevin Chapman and Tommy Davidson. The film was directed by Scott Sanders and co-written by White Sanders and Byron Minns who also co-stars.The plot centers on former CIA agent Black Dynamite who must avenge his brother's death while cleaning the streets of a new drug that is ravaging the community.
 Women in the Mirror (Japanese: 鏡の女たち translit. Kagami no onnatachi) is a 2002 Japanese drama film directed by Yoshishige Yoshida. It was screened out of competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Shock to the System (1990) is a U.S. crime thriller film directed by Jan Egleson starring Michael Caine Swoosie Kurtz Elizabeth McGovern and Peter Riegert. It is based on the 1984 novel A Shock to the System by British author Simon Brett.
 The First Turn-On! is a 1983 comedy film directed by Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz of Troma Entertainment. It was the last in a series of four sexy comedies that helped establish Troma as a film studio starting with 1979's Squeeze Play! 1981's Waitress! and 1982's Stuck on You!.The First Turn-On! is usually considered by Troma fans to be the best of the company's sexy comedies.
 Hyde Park is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Randall Faye and starring George Carney Barry Clifton and Eve Lister. It follows a socialist who refuses to give permission for his daughter to marry an aristocrat but changes his mind when he himself comes into money.
 The Shrink Is In is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Richard Benjamin starring Courteney Cox Arquette and David Arquette.
 Playing Soldiers (Serbo-Croatian: Mali vojnici) is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Bahrudin Čengić. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
 Post No Bills (French: Défense d'afficher) is a 1896 French short black-and-white silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès featuring two bill posters squabbling over a poorly guarded wall. The film long thought lost was recovered in 2004. It is number 15 on the Star Films catalog.
 Up The Sandbox is a 1972 American comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner starring Barbra Streisand.Paul Zindel's screenplay based on the novel by Anne Roiphe focuses on Margaret Reynolds a bored young New York City wife and mother who slips into increasingly bizarre fantasies.The cast includes David Selby Paul Benedict George S. Irving Conrad Bain Isabel Sanford Lois Smith and Stockard Channing in her film debut.
 Paradesi (Tamil: பரதேசி; English: Vagabond) is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala starring Adharvaa Vedhicka and Dhansika in the lead. The film's music was scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film is based on real life incidents that took place before independence in the 1930s. It released on 15 March 2013. The dubbed version of Telugu was released with the same name. The film opened mostly to positive reviews.
 Wings is a 1927 American silent film set during the First World War produced by Lucien Hubbard directed by William A. Wellman and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Clara Bow Charles Buddy Rogers and Richard Arlen and Gary Cooper appears in a role which helped launch his career in Hollywood.The film a romantic action-war picture was rewritten by scriptwriters Hope Loring and Louis D.
 Fireman Save My Child is a 1918 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Love Everlasting (Italian:Ma l'amor mio non muore more literally translated as But My Love Will Never Die) is a 1913 Italian silent drama film directed by Mario Caserini and starring Lyda Borelli Mario Bonnard and Gianpaolo Rosmino. With the possible expection of Cabiria (1914) it is the most famous of early Italian silent films. It was made in Turin by Gloria Film. Borelli's appearance in the film led to her being considered the first diva of the cinema.
 Straight is a 2007 German film by director Nicolas Flessa.
 Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu is a 1958 Telugu film directed by L. V. Prasad. Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu is a well-known proverb in Telugu language forewarning about the ill-effects of debt (Appu means debt). This message is presented as a comedy melodrama. This film has some excellent songs penned by Pingali Nagendra Rao. The film is made simultaneously in Tamil as Kadan Vaangi Kalyanam.
 Block Busters is a 1944 American film directed by Wallace Fox.
 The Bridge to Nowhere is an independent 2009 crime drama written by Christopher Gutierrez directed by Blair Underwood in his directorial debut.
 Glory Sky (Greek: Ouranos) is a 1962 Greek war film directed by Takis Kanellopoulos. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 Die Jagd nach dem Stiefel is an East German film. It was released in 1962.
 Bloomfield (released in the United States as The Hero) is a 1971 British-Israeli drama film directed by Richard Harris and Uri Zohar. It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.The soundtrack of this film composed and produced by Johnny Harris includes a short version of The Loner a song co-written by Maurice Gibb and Lulu's brother Billy Lawrie. Johnny Harris was MD for Lulu at the time this song was composed and recorded in 1969.
 Gas is a 1981 Canadian comedy film released by Paramount Pictures the plot of which was inspired by the 1979 energy crisis.
 Lemmy is a 2010 documentary film profile of British rock musician Ian Lemmy Kilmister bass guitarist and lead vocalist of the British heavy metal band Motörhead.
 Flame (불꽃 - Bulggot) is a 1975 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It was awarded Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards ceremony.
 Babbage is a short film made in 2008 about the Victorian computing pioneer Charles Babbage. It was shown at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.The film is set at a dinner party in early Victorian times with Charles Babbage introducing each of the guests who discuss Babbage's life and work. Babbage then reveals that these are just fragmented memories and many of the guests never actually met.The film was directed by Claire Barker.
 Zizek! sometimes written as Žižek! is a 2005 American/Canadian documentary film directed by Astra Taylor. Its subject is philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek a prolific author and former candidate for the Presidency of Slovenia.Zizek! premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 2005 and opened in one theatre in New York City on November 17. It eventually grossed $20177 in the US and $20154 in foreign markets for a total worldwide box office of $40331.
 Jesus – The Film (aka: Jesusfilm) is a 1986 experimental feature film by German filmmaker Michael Brynntrup. This “Monumental Film” on Super 8 contains 35 episodes made by 22 filmmakers and collectives from East and West Germany. Each episode is a very loose interpretation of the stories parables and stations of the life of Jesus.
 Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain is an upcoming historical-drama film set amidst the real-life Bhopal disaster that had occurred in India on December 2–3 1984. Martin Sheen Mischa Barton Kal Penn Fagun Thakrar Tannishtha Chatterjee and Rajpal Yadav have been cast in the lead roles. The director Ravi Kumar described it as a dramatisation inspired by real events. It was originally slated for a late 2010 release.
 Janice Meredith also known as The Beautiful Rebel is a silent film released in 1924 that is based on the book and play of the same name written by Paul Leicester Ford and Edward Everett Rose. The play opened at the end of 1900 and was the first starring vehicle for stage actress Mary Mannering. As with Pickford's early career at Famous Players-Lasky this story is deliberately derivative of a successful Broadway play as a showcase for Pickford's talent.
 Kiltro is a Chilean martial arts film released in 2006. Directed and written by Ernesto Díaz Espinoza and starring the martial artist Marko Zaror.
 Sweet Revenge (also released as Dandy the All American Girl) is a 1976 American comedy film directed by Jerry Schatzberg. It was entered into the 1976 Cannes Film Festival.This was the second leading role for actress Stockard Channing in a film following the previous year's The Fortune in which she co-starred opposite Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty.
 Aversion is a horror film about a private investigator who discovers too late that the woman he is hired to follow is often possessed by a demon. Alex Stokes (Andrew Roth) is a self-destructive down-on-his-luck investigator who takes cases wherever he can. When a mysterious man offers him a healthy sum to follow his beautiful wife Claire (Melantha Blackthorne) Alex can't resist. Her seemingly mundane day-to-day activities take a strange turn when she tries to kill herself.
 Vishwanatha Nayakudu (Telugu: విశ్వనాథ నాయకుడు) is a Telugu historical film of 1987 directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.
 So Much for So Little is a 1949 American short documentary film directed by Chuck Jones. It won an Academy Award in 1950 for Documentary Short Subject tying with A Chance to Live. As a work of the United States Government the film is in the public domain.
 Presidential Reunion is an American comedy Web short directed by Ron Howard and stars Saturday Night Live cast members who parodied Presidents Ford to Obama. The skit was released onto the Funny or Die website on March 3 2010 and received mixed to negative reviews.
 Molly & Mobarak is a 2003 Australian documentary directed by Tom Zubrycki. It follows a Hazara asylum seeker 22-year-old Mobarak Tahiri as he falls in love with 25-year-old Molly Rule and faces possible deportation as his temporary visa nears expiration. In 2003 it was nominated for best documentary at the IF Awards.
 Sex and Blood in the Trail of the Treasure (Portuguese: Sexo e Sangue na Trilha do Tesouro) is a 1972 Brazilian exploitation/adventure film directed by José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe).Producer Nélson Teixeira Mendes recruited Marins to make a low budget adventure film with a likely high financial return. The director used surplus segments of Mirko Glauco Laurelli's 1966 film Bloody Inheritance.
 Nine Lives Are Not Enough is a 1941 film directed by A. Edward Sutherland. It stars Ronald Reagan and Joan Perry.
 Tales That Witness Madness is a 1973 British horror film produced by Norman Priggen directed by veteran horror director Freddie Francis and written by actress Jennifer Jayne.It was one of several in a series of anthology films made during the 1960s and 1970s which included Dr.
 Tony is a 2009 British horror film written and directed by Gerard Johnson and starring Peter Ferdinando. The film has the alternative title of Tony: London Serial Killer.
 Love Comes Quietly is a 1973 Belgian-Dutch drama film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival. Barbara Hershey (AKA Barbara Seagull) won a Gold Medal at the Atlanta Film Festival for her role in this film.
 Heights is a 2005 Merchant Ivory Productions film that follows a pivotal twenty-four hours in the interconnected lives of five New Yorkers. It stars Elizabeth Banks as Isabel a photographer James Marsden as Jonathan a Jewish lawyer and Isabel's fiance Glenn Close as Diana Isabel's mother Jesse Bradford as Alec an actor and John Light as Peter a journalist.
 Sawako Decides (川の底からこんにちは Kawa no Soko kara Konnichiwa Hello from the bottom of the river) is a 2009 Japanese comedy-drama film directed by Yuya Ishii. The film stars Hikari Mitsushima as Sawako who has gone through five different part-time jobs and boyfriends in the past five years.
 Oh! My Three Guys is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy drama film directed by Derek Chiu and starring Eric Kot Lau Ching Wan and Dayo Wong. The film tells the story of three gay young men portrayed by Kot Lau and Wong.
 Agence matrimoniale (original title Matrimonial Agency) is a French comedy drama film from 1952 directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois written by Jean-Paul Le Chanois starring Bernard Blier and Louis de Funès.
 Star in the Night is a 1945 American short drama film directed by Don Siegel. The film was Siegel's debut film and won an Academy Award in 1946 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel). The film is a modern-day retelling of the Nativity story set on Christmas Eve at a desert motel in the Southwestern United States.
 The Last Tightrope Dancer in Armenia is a documentary that tells the story of Zhora 78 years-old and Knyaz 77 years-old who were once the most celebrated tightrope dancers in Armenia.
 Revenge of the Pirates is a 1951 Italian movie starring Maria Montez. It was her last movie.It was also known as La vendetta del corsair.
 Pals of the Saddle is a 1938 Three Mesquiteers Western film starring John Wayne and directed by George Sherman. This is the first of eight films in which Wayne played the lead in the popular series of fifty-one Three Mesquiteers films.
 Without Compassion (Spanish: Sin compasión) is a 1994 Peruvian drama film directed by Francisco José Lombardi and based on Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 La Colmena (tr. The Beehive or The Hive) is a 1982 Spanish film directed by Mario Camus. Based on the novel The Hive by Camilo José Cela it depicts the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War and its impact on several characters. Cela has a small role as Matías.
 A Night in the Woods is a 2011 British found footage horror film written and directed by Richard Parry. The film premiered at the United Kingdom film festival Fright Fest in August 2011. A Night in the Woods was produced by Vertigo Films and stars Anna Skellern Scoot McNairy and Andrew Hawley.
 Jilmil Jonak (Assamese: জিলমিল জোনাক English: Glittering Moonlight) is an upcoming Assamese language film starring Jatin Bora and Nishita Goswami in the lead roles. The film is directed by Sibanan Boruah and produced under the banner of Daijee Cine Productions by Daijee Gogoi. It is scheduled to release on 23 May 2014.
 Innocent Steps (Hangul: 댄서의 순정; hanja: 댄서의 純情; RR: Daenseoui sunjeong) is a 2005 South Korean film written and directed by Park Young-hoon.
 The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe (1991) is the filmed version of the one-woman stage show written by Jane Wagner and starring Lily Tomlin which won the Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.Directed by John Bailey and edited by Sally Menke the film stays true to the original stage performance earning it the Golden Space Needle Award at the Seattle International Film Festival.
 Rebecca is a 1963 Malayalam film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Vinayaka Chaviti (Telugu: వినాయక చవితి) is a 1957 Telugu musical film written and directed by Samudrala Raghavacharya. The story is of Syamantakopakhyanam annually read during Ganesh Chathurthi festival day celebrations of Lord Vinayaka.The song Dinakara Subhakara Deva Deenadhara Timira Samhara is a memorable number sung by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao on Hindu God Surya.
 Agni Sanskaram is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Amazonia for Sale is a documentary film about the struggle of the Peruvian indigenous peoples Awajún for the preservation of their lands and the survival of their people and culture. The documentary was produced by Ore Media the International Work Group for Indigenous Affairs (IWGIA) and the Organization for the Development of Border Communities of the Cenepa River (ODECOFROC) a group made up of 56 Awajun and Wampis communities.
 The Day of the Triffids is a BBC miniseries adaptation of John Wyndham's novel of the same name. The novel had previously been adapted in 1962 as a theatrical film and by the BBC in a 1981 miniseries.
 Flipper's New Adventure (known in some countries as Flipper and the Pirates) is an American feature film released on June 24 1964 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer written by Art Arthur and directed by Leon Benson. It was a sequel to the 1963 film Flipper and was based on characters created by Ricou Browning and Jack Cowden.
 Louisiana Hayride is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Charles Barton and starring Judy Canova Ross Hunter and Richard Lane. It was made by Columbia Pictures rather than Republic with whom Canova mostly worked during the decade. The film's art direction was by Lionel Banks and Walter Holscher.
 A Menina da Rádio is a 1944 Portuguese musical film comedy directed by Arthur Duarte.
 Chu-Chin-Chow is a 1925 British-German silent adventure film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Betty Blythe Herbert Langley and Randle Ayrton.It was produced and directed in 1923 in Germany by Wilcox with financial assistance from the German UFA company. Wilcox may have had Erich Pommer also as a financier on the production.
 Fine Dead Girls (Croatian: Fine mrtve djevojke) sometimes also Nice Dead Girls is a 2002 film introduced on Pula Film Festival. The film has been named one of the best Croatian movies of the last decade. It caught much attention due to its controversial provocative themes.
 Infanzia vocazione e prime esperienze di Giacomo Casanova veneziano (literally Childhood Vocation and First Experience of Giacomo Casanova Venetian internationally released as Giacomo Casanova: Childhood and Adolescence and Casanova: His Youthful Years) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.
 Sway (ゆれる Yureru) is a 2006 mystery-drama film directed by Japanese director Miwa Nishikawa which features sibling rivalry and a possible murder.
 Man About Town is a 2006 comedy-drama film produced by Sunlight Productions and independently presented by Media 8 Entertainment. It was written and directed by Mike Binder and stars Ben Affleck Rebecca Romijn John Cleese Bai Ling and Jerry O'Connell in the Los Angeles area where the film was set.In the United States it was released direct-to-DVD on February 13 2007; however from Israel to Spain the film was theatrically released in many countries around the world.
 He... The Only One is an upcoming Bollywood Action film directed by Tejas Dhanraj.
 Adam is a 1983 American television film which aired on October 10 1983 on NBC. On its original air date it was seen by an audience of 38 million people. It was rebroadcast on April 30 1984 and again on April 29 1985. At the end of each broadcast of the film a series of missing children's photographs and descriptions were displayed on the screen for viewers and a number was given to call if a viewer had information about them.
 A Dispatch from Reuter's is a 1940 biographical film about Paul Reuter the man who built the famous news service that bears his name.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Roar! Kasukabe Animal Kingdom (クレヨンしんちゃん オタケベ!カスカベ野生王国 Kureyon Shinchan: Otakebe! Kasukabe Yasei Ōkoku) is a 2009 anime film. It is the 17th film based on the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan. The film was released to theatres on April 18 2009 in Japan.The film was produced by Shin-Ei Animation the studio behind the TV anime.
 North Star is a 1996 action-Western film starring James Caan Christopher Lambert and Catherine McCormack. Directed by Nils Gaup it was written by Sergio Donati and loosely based on Henry Wilson Allen's 1956 Western novel The North Star. Although set in the U.S. state of Alaska the movie was shot entirely in Norway. Lambert executive produced the film.
 House of Fools (Russian: Дом дураков Dom durakov) is a 2002 Russian film by Andrei Konchalovsky about psychiatric patients and combatants during the First Chechen War.
 Proceso a la infamia aka Los Años Infames is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Doria.
 The Toronto Rap Project is a documentary directed by Richard Budman and produced by John Bortolotti for D.C.R. Productions.The Toronto Rap Project premiered April 20 2006 at the ReelWorld Film Festival going on to capture several major film awards including the StarTV audience choice award for best film and the best director award at the festival while selling out both of the screenings of the film.
 The Disappeared is a British film directed by Johnny Kevorkian and starring Harry Treadaway Greg Wise Tom Felton and Ros Leeming.
 The Fantasy Film Worlds of George Pal is a documentary film about Academy Award winning producer/director George Pal. It was written directed and produced by Arnold Leibovit and released in 1985.
 Suzanne is a 2013 French drama film directed by Katell Quillévéré. In January 2014 the film received five nominations at the 39th César Awards with Adèle Haenel winning the award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Big Business is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 22nd Our Gang short subject released.
 The Devonsville Terror is a 1983 horror film directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Suzanna Love Donald Pleasence and Robert Walker.
 Jalpari: The Desert Mermaid is an 2012 Indian film directed by Nila Madhab Panda. Like I Am Kalam it is also a children's cinema where Lehar Khan Krishang Trivedi and Harsh Mayar (who won the National Film Awards for the best child artist in 2011) are on lead as child artists and Parvin Dabas Tannishtha Chatterjee Rahul Singh Suhasini Mulay and V.M.
 In The Next Room (1930) is an all-talking mystery film released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Edward F. Cline. The movie stars Jack Mulhall and Alice Day. The film was based on the play by Eleanor Belmont and Harriet Ford which itself was derived from the book The Mystery of the Boule Cabinet by Burton E. Stevenson.
 Lakshadhikari (Telugu: లక్షాధికారి) is a 1963 Telugu drama film directed by D. Madhusudana Rao and produced by Tammareddy Krishna Murthy.
 Zombie Undead is a 2010 British horror film directed by Rhys Davies written by Kris Tearse and starring Ruth King Kris Tearse Rod Duncan Barry Thomas Sandra Wildbore and Christopher J. Herbert. After a terrorist attack in Leicester survivors take cover from zombies.
 Treason is a 1933 American Western film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Bhoomi Thayiya Chochchala Maga (Kannada: ಭೂಮಿತಾಯಿಯ ಚೊಚ್ಚಲಮಗ) is a 1998 Kannada action- drama film directed and written by Rajendra Singh Babu. The film features Shivarajkumar and Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles along with Vijayalakshmi and Shilpa in other pivotal roles. The film won several laurels and awards upon release including the Karnataka State awards.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed and written by V. Manohar.
 Meri Adalat is a Hindi film is directed by A.T.Raghu. The film released in 1984 was a revenge drama featuring Rajinikanth in the lead supported by Zeenat Aman Mohnish Behl Sonia Sahni and Komal Mahuakar.
 The Holcroft Covenant is a 1985 film based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same name. The film starred Michael Caine and was directed by John Frankenheimer. The script was written by Edward Anhalt George Axelrod and John Hopkins.The story concerns Noel Holcroft's late father (a former associate of Adolf Hitler) who left behind a fortune supposedly to make amends for his wrongdoings.
 Nuummioq is a 2009 Greenlandic drama film directed by Otto Rosing and Torben Bech and produced by Mikisoq H. Lynge. Nuummioq means a man from Nuuk in the Greenlandic language. Nuummioq premiered in Nuuk on 31 October 2009.
 Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger is a 1977 British fantasy film the third and final Sinbad film that Ray Harryhausen made for Columbia Pictures after The 7th Voyage of Sinbad and The Golden Voyage of Sinbad. The film stars Patrick Wayne Taryn Power Margaret Whiting Jane Seymour and Patrick Troughton. It was directed by Sam Wanamaker.
 Java Heat is an American action film. Directed by Conor Allyn the film stars Kellan Lutz Mickey Rourke Ario Bayu and Atiqah Hasiholan.
 Call of the Sea is a 1930 British adventure film directed by Leslie S Hiscott.
 The Return of the Vampire is a horror film released in 1944 by Columbia Pictures. It is in black and white and describes an Englishwoman's two encounters with a vampire. The first encounter takes place during World War One and the second during World War Two.The film stars Bela Lugosi as the vampire Armand Tesla.
 Looking for Angelina was a 2005 Canadian drama film based on the murder case involving Angelina Napolitano. Napolitano allegedly murdered her husband with an axe and was sentenced to be executed.In 2003 independent film director Sergio Navarretta began researching Angelina’s life for a documentary but expanded the project into a feature film “once we realized how dramatic the facts were.” The film Looking for Angelina was shot in two weeks in 2004 at Sault Ste.
 Tyler Perry's I Can Do Bad All by Myself is a 2009 romantic musical comedy-drama film which was released on September 11 2009. The film was directed produced and written by Tyler Perry who also makes an appearance in the film as his signature character Madea. Although the film and play share the same title the film is not an adaptation of Perry's play of the same name; the two works have different storylines.
 The Climb is a 2002 film directed by John Schmidt distributed by World Wide Pictures.
 You Don't Like The Truth: Four Days Inside Guantanamo is an award winning 2010 documentary. The film focuses on the recorded interrogations of Canadian child soldier Omar Khadr by Canadian intelligence personnel that took place over four days from February 13–16 2003.
 The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall is a 2011 British film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical The Phantom of the Opera which in turn was based on the French novel Le Fantôme de l'Opéra by Gaston Leroux.To celebrate the 25th anniversary of The Phantom of the Opera three special performances were filmed at the Royal Albert Hall the third of which was screened live worldwide on October 2 2011.
 The Disappearance of Nora is a 1993 thriller television movie starring Veronica Hamel and directed by Joyce Chopra.
 Come Out Fighting is a 1945 American film directed by William Beaudine. It was the last in the Monogram Pictures series of East Side Kids films before the series was reinvented as The Bowery Boys. Film critic Leonard Maltin described the film as grating giving it one and a half out of four stars.
 Mangal Pandey: The Rising (Indian title) or The Rising: Ballad of Mangal Pandey (international title) (released in India on 12 August 2005) is an Indian biographical historical film based on the life of Mangal Pandey an Indian soldier who is known for his role in the Indian Mutiny of 1857. It is directed by Ketan Mehta produced by Bobby Bedi and with a screenplay by Farrukh Dhondy.
 Triplex is a French film directed by Georges Lautner and released in 1991.
 Screwballs is a 1983 teen sex comedy film about four friends at high school who try to see the bare breasts of Purity Bush the most beautiful girl in school. Jim Wynorski designed the poster and said he was inspired by MAD Magazine.The film was highly popular on video and led to two sequels Loose Screws (1985) and Screwball Hotel (1988).
 Back in the USSR is a 1992 American thriller film directed by Deran Sarafian and starring Frank Whaley Natalya Negoda and Roman Polanski. The film is set in Moscow during the last years of the Soviet Union with Gorbachev's glasnost and perestroika in full swing. Archer Sloan a young American student from Chicago arrives hoping to sample the delights of Moscow but runs into a number of people interested in stolen art works.
 Oru Muthassi Katha is a 1988 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan.It is a romantic film with Vineeth and Nirosha playing the lead roles. Tamil actor Thiagarajan played the anti-hero character.
 White Elephant is a 1984 British comedy drama film directed by Werner Grusch and starring Peter Firth Peter Sarpong and Nana Seowg. The plot involves a ruthless white man determined to break through thousands of years of tradition to sell microchips in Africa. A young British businessman goes to Ghana to modernise a furniture factory by introducing computers. Unbeknownst to him the spirits of African tradition are already working against him and are determined to make him pay.
 The Mouthpiece is a 1932 crime drama film starring Warren William and directed by James Flood and Elliott Nugent. It was produced and distributed by Warner Brothers.
 The Lady of Red Butte is a 1919 American Western film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and directed by Victor Schertzinger. Dorothy Dalton stars as a benevolent saloonkeeper in conflict with a fanatical religious zealot played by Thomas Holding.
 Manpeda is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 The Yellow Teddy Bears is a 1963 British drama film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring Jacqueline Ellis Iain Gregory Raymond Huntley and Georgina Patterson. The pupils at a girls' school deal with adult issues such as teen pregnancy.
 Vedam (Chant) is a 2010 Telugu drama film written and directed by Krish starring Allu Arjun Manoj Kumar Manchu Anushka Shetty Manoj Bajpai Saranya Ponvannan Deeksha Seth Lekha Washington and Siya Gautham.
 Kaizokuban Bootleg Film (Japanese: 海賊版) is a 1999 Japanese drama film directed by Kobayashi Masahiro. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Night of Mystery is a 1937 American mystery film directed by E.A. Dupont and starring Grant Richards Roscoe Karns and Helen Burgess. The film was a remake of The Greene Murder Case (1929) adapted from a 1928 novel of the same name. Because of this it is sometimes known by the alternative title The Greene Murder Case.
 Ojos de Fuego (English: Eyes of Fire) is a 1995 Argentine independent short film written and directed by Jorge Gaggero.
 Kakka is a 1982 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. N. Menon starring Ravi Raghuvaran and Rohini.
 Death Walks is an upcoming zero budget horror film directed by Spencer Hawken. The film stars Jessie Williams Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty and Francesca Ciardi and will center around a group of people trying to survive inside a shopping center that is under attack by the dead. Death Walks is Ciardi's first horror film since her role as Faye Daniels in the 1980 film Cannibal Holocaust and her first film role in over 20 years her last film being 1991's Safari.
 Drona 2010 is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Shaji Kailas. Mammotty appears in double role supported by Kanika Navya Nair Manoj K. Jayan Thilakan Jayan Biju Pappan Suraj Venjaramood Bala and K. P. A. C. Lalitha. Scripted by A. K. Sajan the film revolves around a mysterious old mansion believed to be haunted by a ghost. The film was released on January 27 2010. It is dubbed in Hindi as Return Of Chandramukhi.
 Hansel and Gretel (German: Hänsel und Gretel) is a German film directed by Walter Janssen based on the story of Hansel and Gretel by the Brothers Grimm.
 Phil Ochs: There but for Fortune is a documentary film on the life and times of folk singer-songwriter Phil Ochs. The film released theatrically in January 2011 was written and directed by Kenneth Bowser.
 Sonja and the Bull (Croatian: Sonja i bik) is a 2012 Croatian comedy film directed by Vlatka Vorkapić.
 On the Run is a 1982 Australian thriller film.
 Der Rosenkavalier is a 1926 Austrian silent film of the opera of the same name by Richard Strauss (music) and Hugo von Hofmannsthal (libretto). Directed by Robert Wiene it premiered on 10 January 1926 at the Dresden Semperoper which had also hosted the actual opera's premiere 15 years earlier.
 The Homeless One (Italian: Matlosa) is a 1981 Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Irakal (Malayalam: ഇരകള്‍ English: The Victims) is a 1985 Malayalam psychological thriller film written and directed by K. G. George and produced by the then prominent actor Sukumaran. The film is an in-depth exploration of the psychology of violence. Ganesh Kumar plays the film's protagonist.The film met with critical acclaim upon release though not commercially successful. It received several accolades including the state awards of that year.
 Language of Love (Swedish: Ur kärlekens språk) is a 1969 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman.
 Ponthan Mada is a 1994 Malayalam-language Indian feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran. The film stars Mammootty and Naseeruddin Shah.
 Shinshun! Love stories (新春! LOVEストーリーズ) is a 2002 Japanese telefilm starring members of the all-girl J-pop group Morning Musume.Shinshun! Love stories is an anthology film based on three different romantic stories: The Dancing Girl of Izu Haikara-san ga Tōru and Toki o Kakeru Shōjo. The film aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System on January 2 2002. A limited edition DVD was released on October 26 2005.
 Sobreviviré (English: I Will Survive) is a 1999 comedy-drama romance film directed by Alfonso Albacete and David Menkes starred by Emma Suárez and Juan Diego Botto a straight girl and a gay guy who fall in love. The film and especially the soundtrack was very successful in Spain. Paz Vega has a small role as airplane hostess. Famous writer and co-script writer Lucía Etxebarría has a cameo as herself in a Chueca café.
 The Way of the Gun is a 2000 American crime film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie and starring Ryan Phillippe Benicio del Toro Juliette Lewis Taye Diggs Nicky Katt and James Caan. It is considered a cult film.
 Victory is a Telugu film directed by Ravi. C. Kumar released in 2008. The film stars Nitin Kumar Reddy Mamta Mohandas Shashank and Sindhu Tolani in lead roles. The film is produced by Venkat under R.R. Movie Makers. This film was dubbed in Hindi as Kabzaa - The Mafia Raaj.Nitin plays the role of a vibrant energetic youngster who is also a well responsible boy. The film throws light on the dreaded Land Mafia. Nitin who fight against them at last wins over them.
 Mohini Bhasmasur is a 1913 Indian mythological film directed by Dhundiraj Govind Phalke and starring Kamlabai Gokhale and Durgabai Kamat. It is India's and Phalke's second full-length film. Mohini Bhasmasur is the first Indian film to have actresses; in Raja Harischandra (India's and Phalke's first film) males played female roles.
 Compulsion is a 2013 Canadian independent psychological thriller directed by Egidio Coccimiglio and starring Heather Graham Carrie-Anne Moss Kevin Dillon and Joe Mantegna. The movie is based on the South Korean film 301 302 directed by Park Chul-soo. It focuses on two women occupying neighboring apartments each one grappling with psychological disorders that have begun to overtake their lives.The movie opened for limited release on June 21 2013.
 The Forsaken is a 2001 horror-thriller film written and directed by J. S. Cardone. In Australia its promotional title was The Forsaken: Desert Vampires.
 The Masked Gang: Cyprus (Turkish: Maskeli Beşler: Kıbrıs) is a 2008 Turkish comedy film directed by Murat Aslan. The film which is about an incompetent gang of criminals attempting to go straight is a sequel to The Masked Gang (2005) and The Masked Gang: Iraq (2007). It went on general release across Turkey on January 11 2008 (2008-01-11) and was the fifth highest-grossing Turkish film of 2008.
 Hero (released in the UK and Ireland as Accidental Hero) is a 1992 comedy-drama film directed by Stephen Frears and starring Dustin Hoffman Geena Davis Andy García Joan Cusack and an uncredited Chevy Chase. It was released in the United States on October 2 1992.
 Golmaal Radhakrishna (Kannada: ಗೋಲ್‌ಮಾಲ್ ರಾಧಾಕೃಷ್ಣ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada comedy film directed and written by Om Sai Prakash. The film starred Anant Nag in the title role along with Chandrika and Vanitha Vasu in leading roles. The music of the film was composed by M. Ranga Rao.Produced by K. Chidambara Shetty under Chitra Productions banner the film was released in 1990 and met with positive response from critics and audience.
 Isai Paadum Thendral is a 1986 Tamil Indian feature film directed by S.Devaraj and produced by Rani Chakrapani for N.C.Creations. It stars Sivakumar and Ambika in the lead roles.
 The Spirit Awakened is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 Dead Like Me: Life After Death is a 2009 direct-to-video film directed by Stephen Herek. The film is based on the short-lived 2003 television series Dead Like Me created by Bryan Fuller.
 Trois is a 2000 erotic thriller that was directed by Rob Hardy and produced by William Packer. It stars Gary Dourdan Kenya Moore and Gretchen Palmer. The film was given a limited theatrical release and was one of the highest grossing African American films as well as one of the top fifty highest grossing independent films of 2000. The film was followed up with two sequels Pandora's Box and The Escort.
 Porkaalam (Tamil: பொற்காலம் English: Golden Age) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Cheran. The film has Murali Meena Sanghavi Rajeshwari and Vadivelu in key roles. It was later remade in Kannada as Odahuttidavalu with Ravichandran in 2006. Porkaalam was one among 1997 Deepavali releases and became a huge success.
 On Moonlight Bay is a 1951 musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth which tells the story of the Winfield family at the turn of the 20th century. The movie is based loosely on the Penrod stories by Booth Tarkington. There was a 1953 sequel By the Light of the Silvery Moon.
 The New Tale Of Zatoichi (Japanese: Shin Zatōichi monogatari) is a Japanese film the third entry from the popular Zatoichi series completing the trilogy. The film is the first Zatoichi film to be in colour.
 The Bad Sister is a 1931 American drama film directed by Hobart Henley. The screenplay by Edwin H. Knopf Tom Reed and Raymond L. Schrock is based on the 1913 novel The Flirt by Booth Tarkington which previously was filmed in 1916 and 1922. The film marks the screen debut of Bette Davis and features Humphrey Bogart and Zasu Pitts in supporting roles.
 Anandhapurathu Veedu is a 2010 Indian Tamil supernatural mystery film directed by Tamil television director Naga who has directed serials like Marmadesam Vidathu Karuppu and Chidambara Rahasiyam. This film Naga's feature film debut stars Nandha and Chaya Singh in lead roles along with child artist Aryan making his debut. Written by Naga Sharath Haridasan and Indra Soundar Rajan and produced by director S. Shankar's S Pictures Anandhapurathu Veedu was released on 9 July 2010.
 My Lucky Stars (Chinese: 福星高照) is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Jackie Chan and Yuen Biao. It is the second film in the Lucky Stars series. The film is a semi-sequel to Winners and Sinners with many of the same actors returning as the Five Lucky Stars troupe albeit with different character names and slightly different roles.
 Filmmaker or Filmmaker: a diary by george lucas is a 32 minute documentary made in 1968 by George Lucas about the making of Francis Ford Coppola's The Rain People.
 American Jobs is a 2004 independent film documentary written produced and directed by Greg Spotts. The film is about the loss of American jobs to low-wage foreign competition covering the phenomenon of outsourcing in manufacturing and high-paying white-collar jobs. The filmmaker visited 19 cities and towns throughout the United States interviewing recently laid-off workers focusing on three industries: textiles commercial aircraft and information technology.
 Em4Jay is a 2008 Australian drama film directed by Alkinos Tsilimidos. Starring Laura Gordon and Nick Barkla the story follows the lives of two heroin addicts living in Melbourne's inner suburbs.
 Romanzo di un giovane povero is a 1995 Italian drama film directed by Ettore Scola. The film entered the 52nd Venice International Film Festival where Isabella Ferrari was awarded with the Volpi Cup for best supporting actress.
 Bloom in the Moonlight (わが愛の譜 滝廉太郎物語 Waga Ai no Uta Taki Rentarō Monogatari) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Shinichirō Sawai.
 Colegas (English: Pals) is a 1982 Spanish film written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring José Luis Manzano Antonio Flores and Rosario Flores. The plot follows the misadventures of two youngfriends who are forced into street hustling and ever-expanding life of crime when one impregnates the sister of the other and they need to get the money to pay for her to have an abortion.
 Only Clouds Move the Stars (Norwegian: Bare skyer beveger stjernene) is a 1998 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Torun Lian. Based on her novel of the same name the film was Lian's directorial debut. The film was a critical and commercial success. It won the Amanda Award in 1999 in the category Best film and has received more awards internationally than any other Norwegian film. It was the Norwegian submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Naukri is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.This Hrishikesh Mukherjee’s not so famous movie but critically acclaimed classic “Naukri” (1978) featuring Rajesh Khanna and Raj Kapoor together is set in the period 1944-1947.
 The Dungeon Masters is a 2008 documentary film about the role playing game Dungeons & Dragons and its significance in the lives of three dungeon masters (self described as gamemasters): Scott Corum Richard Meeks and Elizabeth Reesman. The film is director Keven McAlester's second feature documentary (his first was You're Gonna Miss Me) and premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Lulu and Jimi is a 2009 drama film directed by Oskar Roehler. It is about the relationship between Lulu a rich German girl and Jimi a black man happened in the German 50's.
 Bhoomiyile Rajakkanmar is a Malayalam movie released meaning Kings of Earth in 1987 directed by Thambi Kannanthanam and featuring Mohanlal Suresh Gopi and Jagathy. The scion of Thekkumkoor royal family wanted to introduce his heir to democracy. For this sole purpose he bribes the Chief Minister. Once in power Mahendra Varma tries to be independent and help his friend Jayan.
 Lost City Raiders is a 2008 made-for-television science fiction film written and directed by Jean de Segonzac. It starred James Brolin Ian Somerhalder Jamie King and Bettina Zimmermann.
 Swapna Lokathe Balabhaskaran is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan starring Jayaram and Annie Shaji Kailas.
 Sweet Smell of Success is an American film noir/drama film from 1957 made by Hill-Hecht-Lancaster Productions and released by United Artists. It was directed by Alexander Mackendrick and stars Burt Lancaster Tony Curtis Susan Harrison and Martin Milner. The screenplay was written by Clifford Odets Ernest Lehman and Mackendrick from the novelette by Lehman. Mary Grant designed the film's costumes.The film tells the story of powerful newspaper columnist J.J.
 The Monitors is a 1969 U.S. satirical science fiction film. Shot in Chicago it was the first film production of the city's Second City comedy troupe and was coproduced and financed by the Bell and Howell film-equipment manufacturing company (then based in nearby Skokie) in an effort to establish Chicago as a film production center. It is based on the novel of the same name by Keith Laumer.
 The Piano Man's Daughter is a television movie adapted in 2003 by Sullivan Entertainment from the 1995 novel by Timothy Findley.Rights to the novel's film adaptation were originally purchased by Whoopi Goldberg. Goldberg acquired the film rights after reading the novel while in Toronto starring in Norman Jewison’s film “Bogus”. Deciding that as a Canadian novel it would be most appropriate to work with a Canadian film studio Goldberg produced the film in collaboration with Kevin Sullivan.
 Psycho is a 2008 Kannada film directed by V. Devadatta. The film was produced by Gurudutt featuring music performed by Raghu Dixit.
 Tammy and the Bachelor is a 1957 romantic comedy film and is the first of the four Tammy films. It stars Debbie Reynolds as Tambrey Tammy Tyree Walter Brennan as Grandpa Dinwitty and Leslie Nielsen as Peter Brent. It was adapted from the book Tammy Out of Time by Cid Ricketts Sumner.
 One Night at McCool's is a 2001 American crime comedy film written by Stan Seidel directed by Harald Zwart and starring Liv Tyler Matt Dillon Paul Reiser John Goodman Michael Douglas and Andrew Silverstein.
 Music Is Magic is a 1935 Fox musical film directed by George Marshall. The movie stars Alice Faye and Bebe Daniels and is based on a play by Jesse Lasky Jr. and Gladys Unger. The movie was Daniels' last American screen appearance.
 La Tour Montparnasse Infernale is a 2000 French comedy film directed by Charles Nemes and written by Kader Aoun Ramzy Bedia Eric Judor and Xavier Matthieu. When it came out in cinemas in Canada it was translated into Don't Die Too Hard in reference to Die Hard starring Bruce Willis.
 Sorority House Massacre is a 1986 slasher film in the same realm as the Slumber Party Massacre series and was marketed as part of the Massacre Collection. It is often criticized for being too similar to Halloween.
 The First Rains of Spring is a 2011 drama film. It is a Kazakhstani-Japanese co-production and is directed by Erlan Nurmuhambetov and Shinju Sano. The film won the Grand Prix at the Eurasia Film Festival.
 Saw 3D (released on home media as Saw: The Final Chapter) is a 2010 American 3D horror film directed by Kevin Greutert written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan and starring Tobin Bell Costas Mandylor Betsy Russell with Sean Patrick Flanery and Cary Elwes. It is the seventh and final installment of the Saw franchise and the only film in the series to be in 3D.
 Maritime Silk Road (Persian: راه آبي ابريشم‎) is a 2011 Iranian film about a man called Soleiman Siraf who according to historical documents was the first sailor to cross the Indian Ocean to China. His route was then called the Maritime Silk Road and many merchants took that route to get their merchandise to China. One of the passengers in this film is a young man named Shazan Ibn Yusof who keeps a log of the voyage.
 The Lawless Breed is a 1953 western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Rock Hudson. The film is based on the life of outlaw John Wesley Hardin.
 Godzilla vs. Megalon (ゴジラ対メガロ Gojira tai Megaro) is a 1973 Japanese science fiction kaiju film produced by Toho. Directed and co-written by Jun Fukuda with special effects by Teruyoshi Nakano the film starred Katsuhiko Sasaki Hiroyuki Kawase Yutaka Hayashi and American actor Robert Dunham. It was the thirteenth film in the Godzilla franchise.
 Midnight Phantom is a 1935 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.
 Aa Gale Lag Jaa (English: Come Embrace me) is a 1973 Hindi romantic film directed by Manmohan Desai based on a story by Smt. Jeevanprabha M. Desai. It stars Shashi Kapoor Sharmila Tagore and Shatrughan Sinha. The film became a box office hit.Sushma Shreshta received a Filmfare nomination as Best Female Playback Singer for the song Tera Mujhse Hai. Her nomination is the only Filmfare nomination for the film. Aa Gale Lag Jaa is noted for its wonderful hit songs which had music by R.D.
 A Sigh (simplified Chinese: 一声叹息; traditional Chinese: 一聲嘆息; pinyin: yīshēng tànxi) is a 2000 Chinese drama film directed by Feng Xiaogang written by Wang Shuo starring Zhang Guoli Liu Pei Xu Fan and Fu Biao. Like most of Feng's films the film is set mostly in Beijing.
 Arthur and Lillie is a 1975 American short documentary film directed by Jon Else. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.This is a biographical documentary about Arthur and Lillie Mayer - their own lives and their adventures in the formation of Hollywood from its earliest days.
 The Dream Girl was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Based on an original story by DeMille writer Jeanie MacPherson the film starred Mae Murray and Theodore Roberts. The film is now considered lost.
 Abel is a 1986 Dutch film directed by Alex van Warmerdam who also scripted and played the lead character. Other lead roles were played by Henri Garcin Annet Malherbe and Olga Zuiderhoek. Supporting roles were played by Loes Luca and Arend Jan Heerma van Voss among others. Its music was written by Vincent van Waterdam and the film was distributed by First Floor Features. Abel was Van Warmerdam's directional debut.
 Lover's Lane is a 1924 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Phil Rosen. It stars Robert Ellis and Gertrude Olmstead.
 Paracelsus is a 1943 German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst based on the life of Paracelsus.
 Billy Budd is a 1962 CinemaScope film produced directed and co-written by Peter Ustinov. Adapted from the stage play version of Herman Melville's short novel Billy Budd it starred Terence Stamp as Billy Budd Robert Ryan as John Claggart and Ustinov as Captain Vere. Stamp was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and received a Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Male Newcomer. The film was nominated for four BAFTAs.
 When A Man Falls in the Forest is a drama film produced in 2007 directed by Ryan Eslinger and starred Timothy Hutton Sharon Stone and Dylan Baker.Smashing Pumpkins leader Billy Corgan contributed three previously unreleased songs to the film's soundtrack: Shangra-La Sky of Blue and Whisper.
 Rampage (Turkish: Korkusuz; Literal: Fearless) is a 1986 Turkish cult action film written and directed by Çetin İnanç featuring bodybuilder Serdar Kebabcilar as a Turkish commando who must infiltrate and capture a group of terrorists living in the mountains. The film is the second of two films along with Wild Blood (Turkish: Vahsi Kan; 1983) also written and directed by Çetin İnanç commonly known as Turkish Rambo because of plot and stylistic similarities copied from George P.
 Sabuj Saathi is a 2003 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Debendra Kuchar. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra
 Andromedia (Japanese name: Andoromedia) is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike featuring the Japanese musical groups Speed and Da Pump.
 Zärtliche Haie (French: Tendres requins) is a 1967 German-French thriller film directed by Michel Deville and starring Anna Karina.
 The Trail Beyond is a 1934 Western film starring John Wayne Noah Beery Sr. and Noah Beery Jr.. It was based on the novel The Wolf Hunters by James Oliver Curwood which was also adapted as a silent film The Wolf Hunters (1926) and a later sound film The Wolf Hunters (1949).This film presents an extremely rare opportunity to see Wallace Beery's brother and nephew appear together in a movie.
 5 Against the House is a 1955 American heist film noir based on a story by Jack Finney starring Guy Madison Brian Keith and Kim Novak in one of her first film appearances. It was directed by Phil Karlson. The movie centers on a fictional robbery of what was a real Nevada casino Harold's Club. The supporting cast includes William Conrad. The screenplay was based on Jack Finney's 1954 novel of the same name which was later serialized by Good Housekeeping magazine.
 For the 2003 film see Qayamat: City Under ThreatQayamat is a 1983 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj N. Sippy. It is an Indian version of the 1962 Hollywood film Cape Fear. The film stars Dharmendra as a man who goes to jail and holds his police officer friend (Shatrughan Sinha) responsible for the jailing. On his return after a long sentence he sets about taking revenge targeting the officer and his family (Smita Patil and Poonam Dhillon). Jaya Prada appears in flashbacks as Dharmendra's wife.
 Stars at Noon (French: Les Étoiles de midi) is a 1959 French mountaineering film directed by Jacques Ertaud and Marcel Ichac. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Déjà Vrooom is a live DVD by the band King Crimson released in 1999 as a double-sided disc and reissued in 2007 as a double-layer disc. It was recorded at Nakano Sun Plaza Tokyo Japan 5-6 October 1995. Video recordings from these performances were first released as the VHS Live in Japan in 1996 and the audio soundtrack was released on CD as The Collectible King Crimson volume 5.
 Scooby-Doo! Mecha Mutt Menace is a Direct-to-DVD special based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons released on September 24 2013 on the 13 Spooky Tales: Ruh Roh Robot DVD.
 Alice (a.k.a. Alicja) is a 1982 musical-fantasy film co-produced by Belgian and Polish film companies. The film is a modern telling of Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland story and stars French actress Sophie Barjac in the title role.
 Ballad of the Little Soldier (German: Ballade vom kleinen Soldaten) is a 1984 documentary film directed by Werner Herzog about children soldiers in Nicaragua.
 The Great White Hype is a 1996 film directed by Reginald Hudlin. It stars Samuel L. Jackson Peter Berg Damon Wayans Jeff Goldblum Jon Lovitz Cheech Marin John Rhys-Davies Salli Richardson and Jamie Foxx.The movie is a satire of racial preferences in boxing. The name is a play on the title of the 1970 film The Great White Hope but it is not based on an actual boxing contest. It was inspired by Larry Holmes's 1982 fight with Gerry Cooney and Mike Tyson's 1995 return fight vs.
 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 Canadian-American romantic comedy film written by and starring Nia Vardalos and directed by Joel Zwick. The film is centered on Fotoula Toula Portokalos a middle class Greek American woman who falls in love with a non-Greek upper middle class White Anglo-Saxon Protestant Ian Miller. At the 75th Academy Awards it was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
 Madea Goes to Jail is a 2009 parodic comedy-drama film written and directed by Tyler Perry which was based on his 2006 play. The play and the film deal with Perry's recurring character Madea going to prison for her uncontrollable anger management problems. The play starred Tyler Perry as Madea Cassi Davis as Ella Kincaid and Cheryl Pepsii Riley as Wanda.
 Sharpe's Regiment is a British television drama part of a series that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. This episode is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell.
 Speed Track is a 2007 Malayalam film by Jayasurya starring Dileep Gajala Riyaz Khan and Madhu Warrier in the lead roles.
 The Twelfth Juror is a 1913 drama film. The silent film directed by George Lessey features an early appearance of Harold Lloyd in an uncredited role.
 Adyaksha is a 2014 Kannada Comedy Movie Directed by Nanda Kishore. It stars Sharan Raksha Ravi Shankar Malavika Avinash Chikanna and Ramesh Bhat. The audio will be released in the first week of May 2014 and film is scheduled to release on May 30 2014.
 Copernicus (Polish: Kopernik) is a 1973 Polish historical film directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski. The film was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize. It was also selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 46th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Romance of a Jewess is a 1908 American silent short drama film written and directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond is a 1960 film directed by Budd Boetticher. It marked the film debut of Dyan Cannon. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for Howard Shoup. The film was nominated for AFI's Top 10 Gangster Films list.
 Veerapandiya Kattabomman (English: The Hero Kattabomman) is a 1959 Tamil feature film written by Sakthi T. K. Krishnasamy and directed by B. R. Panthulu. The cast includes Sivaji Ganesan Gemini Ganesan Padmini S. Varalakshmi and V. K. Ramasamy. Veerapandiya Kattabomman is based on the story of the eponymous Tamil chieftain who rose in rebellion against the East India Company and fought with alien combination.
 Rangers of Fortune is a 1940 American Western directed by Sam Wood. The plot revolves around three heroes Gil Farra Fred MacMurray George Bird Albert Dekker and Antonio Hernandez Sierra Gilbert Roland as they battle Col. Rebstock Joseph Schildkraut a ruthless land barron who is intent on driving out small ranchers and settlers.
 Friends (Kannada: ಫ್ರೆಂಡ್ಸ್) is a 2002 Kannada comedy film directed by M. D. Sridhar and is a remake of Telugu film 6 Teens (2001). The film features newcomers Vasu Ruthika Sharan Anand and Shyam in the lead roles.The film featured original score by Ramesh Krishna and soundtrack composed by G. Krishna who composed the songs in the original version as well. The film upon release received high critical and commercial success and was one of the top grossers of the year 2002.
 Rockers is a 1978 Jamaican film by Theodoros Bafaloukos. Several popular reggae artists star in the movie including Leroy Horsemouth Wallace Burning Spear Gregory Isaacs Big Youth Dillinger and Jacob Miller.Rockers was originally intended to be a documentary but blossomed into a full-length feature showing the reggae culture at its peak. With a budget of JA$500000 the film was completed in two months.In this film the culture characters and mannerisms are authentic.
 Earthbound is a 1940 film directed by Irving Pichel. It stars Warner Baxter and Andrea Leeds. It is a remake of the 1920 silent film of the same name Earthbound. Critical reception to the film was generally negative.
 Johnny Tiger is a 1966 Florida Western film directed by Paul Wendkos. It stars Chad Everett Robert Taylor and Geraldine Brooks. The Universal Studios film was shot in Central Florida in 1965 with the city of Longwood Florida substituting for a fictional town in southern Florida adjacent to a Seminole Indian reservation with additional filming at nearby Sanlando Springs.
 Emmanuelle is a 1974 French softcore pornography film directed by Just Jaeckin. The film's story is based on the novel Emmanuelle. The film stars Sylvia Kristel in the title role about a woman who takes a trip to Bangkok to enhance her sexual experience.
 Nor the Moon by Night is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Craig. It was based on the novel by Joy Packer and filmed in the Kruger National Park South Africa. The title comes from a passage in the Bible; The sun shall not smite thee by day nor the moon by night. Psalm 121:6 The film was released in the United States as Elephant Gun.
 Kahani Kismat Ki is a 1973 Hindi film produced and directed by Arjun Hingorani. The film's success prodded the director to try to recreate its success by continuing with its lead actor and film titles having 3 words starting with the alphabet K. ( i.e. Katilon Ke Kaatil ). The film stars Dharmendra Rekha Ajit Rajindernath Bharat Bhushan Shetty. The movie was released in 1973 under the banner of Kapleshwar Pictures.
 Hindsight is a 2008 American thriller film produced by Ambush Entertainment. It stars Leonor Varela Jeffrey Donovan Waylon Payne Miranda Bailey Richard Riehle Deborah Offner and Arnell Powell and is directed by Paul Holahan.
 Looking for Nicolas Sarkozy is a 2011 French documentary film directed by William Karel. The film records the reactions of 18 non-French Paris-based journalists when Karel asked their opinions of Nicolas Sarkozy the 23rd President of France. It was released on TV network Arte on December 21 2011.
 The Prodigal Planet is a 1983 film by Russell S. Doughten and directed by Donald W. Thompson. It is the fourth in a series of at least five films (one still in production) based on an evangelical interpretation of Bible prophecy and the rise of the Antichrist. Unlike the other films in the series that were filmed in Iowa this one was filmed in New Mexico.During the final years of the Antichrist's reign a nuclear war has devastated the earth.
 Ballad of Carl-Henning (Danish: Balladen om Carl-Henning) is a 1969 Danish comedy film written and directed by Sven and Lene Grønlykke. The film won a Bodil Award for Best Danish Film and Jesper Klein won the award for Best Actor in a Leading Role of 1969.
 Hatsukoi Jigokuhen (初恋・地獄篇) is a 1968 film directed by Susumu Hani and co-scripted by him with Shūji Terayama. It is one of Hani's best known works. In the West it is known as Nanami The Inferno of First Love or as Nanami First Love. The movie focuses on the pain of emerging from adolescence. The film was nominated for the Golden Bear award at the 18th Berlin International Film Festival in 1968.
 Life of Pi is a 2012 American 3D live-action computer-animated adventure drama film based on Yann Martel's 2001 novel of the same name.
 The Dark Knight is a 2008 British-American epic superhero film directed produced and cowritten by Christopher Nolan. Based on the DC Comics character Batman the film is the second part of Nolan's Batman film series and a sequel to 2005's Batman Begins. Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne/Batman with a returning cast of Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth Gary Oldman as James Gordon and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox.
 Dan Morgan is a 1911 Australian film from Charles Cozens Spencer about the bushranger Dan Morgan.It is considered a lost film and little is known about who appeared in it or directed it.
 Counterpoint (also known as The Battle Horns or The General) is an 1968 epic war film starring Charlton Heston Maximilian Schell and Leslie Nielsen. It is based on the novel The General by Alan Sillitoe. In the United States the film was released as a double feature with Sergeant Ryker a 1963 television film starring Lee Marvin.
 Of Human Bondage is a 1946 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding. The second screen adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's 1915 novel the Warner Bros. release was written by Catherine Turney. The central characters are Philip Carey a clubfooted medical student and Mildred Rogers a low-class waitress with whom he becomes obsessed.This second film version of Somerset Maugham's classic novel.
 Sparkle is a 1976 American film directed by Sam O'Steen and released by Warner Bros. Pictures. Inspired by The Supremes Sparkle is a period film set in Harlem New York during the late 1950s and early 1960s which follows the rough lives and careers of singer Sparkle Williams and her family and friends.The film stars Philip Michael Thomas Irene Cara Lonette McKee Dwan Smith Mary Alice Dorian Harewood and Tony King.
 Bhavani IPS is a 2011 bilingual Tamil- and Telugu-language action film directed by G. Kicha and starring Sneha in the titular role as the police officer. The film also has Kota Srinivasa Rao Sampath and Manoj K. Jayan. Among others in cast are Ilavarasu Manobala Rajkapur and Vivek. It is the remake of Vyjayanthi IPS played by Vijayashanti. It was released in Tamil on 11 March 2011.
 Rage is a 2009 film written and directed by Sally Potter starring Jude Law and Judi Dench. The filmmakers said that the film created a new genre in filmmaking called “naked cinema”.
 Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight is a 1998 Australian documentary film. It was produced and directed by Wayne Coles-Janess.The film focuses on an indigenous people who fight against a multinational mining company and government forces. The guerrillas believe they are fighting to defend their independence and the local environment on the island of Bougainville. This film is notable for its unique subject matter as most Western media has not reported upon the Bougainville conflict.
 Ain't Nobody Got Time for That is a viral YouTube video of Kimberly Sweet Brown Wilkins speaking to NBC news affiliate KFOR-4 about escaping a fire on the morning of April 7 2012 at an apartment complex in Oklahoma City Oklahoma.
 Lifted is a 2006 Pixar computer-animated short film directed by Gary Rydstrom. This is the first film directed by Rydstrom a seven-time Academy Award winning sound editor and mixer and the first produced by Katherine Sarafian who went on to produce Pixar's Brave.The film was released theatrically and on home media with Pixar's Ratatouille (June 29 2007). The short also received a sneak peek at The 42nd Chicago International Film Festival.
 Video Collection is a DVD released by Good Charlotte in 2003 about a year after The Young and the Hopeless album was released. This DVD features the band's music video's from their self-titled debut album Good Charlotte and their second studio album The Young and the Hopeless although that album's final single (Hold On) is not on the DVD. The DVD also has commentary with the band and directors where they talk about the making of each video. It has been certified Platinum in the U.S.
 Chandramukhi Pranasakhi is an Indian Kannada movie released in 1999 directed by Seetharam Karant that stars Ramesh Aravind Prema and Bhavana in the lead roles. Music and lyrics were by K. Kalyan.This movie was later remade in Telugu Naalo Unna Prema starring Laya and Jagapathi Babu.
 Tarantella is a five-minute color avant-garde short film created by Mary Ellen Bute a pioneer of visual music and electronic art in experimental cinema. With piano accompaniment by Edwin Gerschefski Tarantella features rich reds and blues that Bute uses to signify a lighter mood while her syncopated spirals shards lines and squiggles dance exuberantly to Gerschefski’s modern beat.
 Sollamale (English: Without Saying) is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Sasi who made his directorial debut with the film. The film featured Livingston and Kausalya in lead roles whilst Anand Prakash Raj and Karan play supporting roles. The film opened in July 1998 to positive reviews and became a box office success. It was later remade Telugu as Seenu (1998) with Venkatesh and Twinkle Khanna and in Hindi as Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai (2002) with Govinda and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles.
 Middle Men is a 2009 comedy-drama film directed by George Gallo and written by Gallo and Andy Weiss. It stars Luke Wilson Giovanni Ribisi Gabriel Macht and James Caan.The movie is based on the experiences of Christopher Mallick who was previously associated with the internet billing companies Paycom and ePassporte. Christopher Mallick has been accused of stealing millions of dollars from his customers at e Passport to fund the creation of the film.
 Food of Love is a 1997 film directed by Stephen Poliakoff. It stars Richard E. Grant and Nathalie Baye.
 Talk of the Town was a short lived comedy and talk show performed at the Imperial Palace Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas Nevada in 1982 and aired on cable television. Directed by Doug Raymond and hosted by comedienne Jaye P. Morgan Talk of the Town was primarily a talk-show in which some guests performed short stand-up comedy routines before joining a panel. Other guests simply joined the panel for discussion of their personal lives and careers.
 Conan the Barbarian is a 2011 American-Bulgarian sword and sorcery film based on the character Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard. The film is a new interpretation of the Conan mythology and is not related to the films featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger. It stars Jason Momoa in the title role alongside Rachel Nichols Rose McGowan Stephen Lang Ron Perlman and Bob Sapp with Marcus Nispel directing.The film had spent seven years in development at Warner Bros.
 Main Street is a 2010 drama film about several residents of Durham North Carolina a city in the Southern U.S. whose lives are changed by the arrival of a stranger with a controversial plan to save their decaying hometown.
 Bhakta Vidur (Hindi: भक्त विदुर Devotion of Vidura) is a 1921 silent Indian Hindi film directed by Kanjibhai Rathod and made under Kohinoor Film Company banner. In this film the Hindu mythological character Vidura was moulded on the personality of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. This was the first Indian film to face a ban.
 Pirates of Treasure Island is a 2006 American comedy-drama film produced by The Asylum loosely adaptated from Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island. The film was criticized as an imitation of the Pirates of the Caribbean film series particularly as was released just before and shares several similarities with Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest.
 Quick Gun Murugun is a 2009 Indian comedy film directed by Shashanka Ghosh and written by Rajesh Devraj. It is a spoof on Indian western movies featuring songs melodrama and action sequences including a duel in a traffic jam. The film is based on a character created for television promos at the time of the launch of the music network Channel [V] in 1994. The character had a cult following and made catchphrases like 'Mind it' and 'We are like this only' popular.
 Sound of the Desert (Polish: Głos pustyni) is a 1932 Polish romantic film adventure directed by Michał Waszyński.
 The Last House on the Left is a 1972 American exploitation-horror film written edited and directed by Wes Craven and produced by Sean S. Cunningham. The story is inspired by the 1960 Swedish film The Virgin Spring directed by Ingmar Bergman which in turn is based on the 13th-century Swedish ballad Töres döttrar i Wänge. It is the directorial debut from Craven.The film was remade into a 2009 film of the same name.
 Vishwaroopam II விஸ்வரூபம் II ('Vishwaroop II' in Hindi) is an upcoming Indian spy thriller film simultaneously being made in Tamil and Hindi languages written and directed by Kamal Haasan. It is the sequel to Vishwaroopam (2013) and stars Kamal Haasan Rahul Bose Pooja Kumar and Andrea Jeremiah reprising their roles from the original. While the first film was set in the United States Vishwaroopam II will take place in India.
 American Radical: The Trials of Norman Finkelstein is a 2009 documentary film about the life of the American academic Norman Finkelstein directed and produced by David Ridgen and Nicolas Rossier. The documentary features Finkelstein and several of his supporters and opponents including Noam Chomsky and Alan Dershowitz.
 Invisible Children: Rough Cut is a 2006 American documentary film which depicts the human rights abuses by the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda.
 A Deadly Secret is a 1980 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The film was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio directed by Mou Tun-fei and starred Ng Yuen-chun Liu Lai-ling Jason Pai Shih Szu and Yueh Hua.
 Where the Lilies Bloom is a 1974 film adaptation of the novel by the same name written by Bill and Vera Cleaver. The film was produced by Robert B. Radnitz and directed by William A. Graham in Watauga County (towns of Boone and Blowing Rock) Ashe County (towns of West Jefferson and Lansing) and in Avery County (towns of Elk Park and Banner Elk) North Carolina.It was based on the novel by Vera and Bill Cleaver. Children from local elementary schools were recruited to act in the film.
 Gnabagangal (English: Memories) is a 2009 Tamil-language drama film. It stars Pa. Vijay and Sridevika in the lead roles.This is a remake of the Hindi film Raincoat with only difference in the purpose of protagonist's visit to his ex-love.
 Mōjū Tsukai no Shōjo (猛獣使いの少女) is a 1952 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kōzō Saeki.
 Krishnarjuna (Telugu: కృష్ణార్జున) is a 2008 Telugu language film starring Vishnu Vardhan Babu Dev Gill and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles. The film directed by P. Vasu features prominent actor Nagarjuna in a guest role. The film was released on 1 February 2008.
 Meraa Dost Meraa Dushman (Hindi: मेरा दोस्त मेरा दुश्मन; English: My friend my foe) is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla and produced by Johny Bakshi. It stars Shatrughan Sinha Sanjeev Kumar Smita Patil and Geeta Behl in pivotal roles.
 Tuba Atlantic is a Norwegian live action short film directed by Hallvar Witzø. The film follows a 70-year-old man who has six days to live and wants to reconcile with his brother after a lifetime of disagreement. When Inger his local Angel of Death comes to help him reach happiness in his final days he is given his opportunity.The film was nominated for the 2012 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film.
 Cheenti Cheenti Bang Bang (Hindi: चींटी चींटी बैंग बैंग) is a 2008 Indian animated comedy film directed by R D Mallik.
 The Merry Widow (originally Die lustige Witwe) is a 1962 Austrian / French musical film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander Karin Hübner and Gunther Philipp. It is based on the operetta The Merry Widow by Franz Lehár.
 Bizalom (English: Confidence) is a 1980 Hungarian film directed by István Szabó. The film is set in World War II involving a couple escaping from the Nazis. Critically acclaimed it won Szabó the Silver Bear for Best Director at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards.
 Ragalaipuram is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Mano which is a remake of the 1991 Malayalam film Aanaval Mothiram. The film features Karunas Angana Roy and Sanjana Singh in the lead roles with Kovai Sarala and Delhi Ganesh playing other pivotal characters. The film opened to mixed reviews upon release on October 18 2013.
 Rangle River is a 1936 Australian western directed by Clarence G. Badger. It was released in the United States under the title Men with Whips.
 Sisters of '77 is a documentary film that chronicles an unprecedented event in women's history the first National Women's Conference in Houston Texas in November 1977. The purpose of the National Women's Conference was to end discrimination against women and promote their equal rights.
 Quicksands is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan. The film stars J. Warren Kerrigan Charlotte Burton Vivian Rich George Periolat Jack Richardson Louise Lester and Charles Morrison
 The Woman in White (1997) is a BBC television adaptation of the 1859 novel of the same name by Wilkie Collins. Unlike the epistolary style of the novel the 2-hour dramatisation uses Marian as the main character. She bookends the film with her narration.
 The Greatest Game Ever Played is a 2005 biographical sports film based on the early life of golf champion Francis Ouimet. The film was directed by Bill Paxton; Shia LaBeouf plays the role of Ouimet. The film's screenplay was adapted by Mark Frost from his book The Greatest Game Ever Played: Harry Vardon Francis Ouimet and the Birth of Modern Golf. It was shot in Montreal Quebec with the Kanawaki Golf Club in Kahnawake Quebec being the site of golf sequences.
 Omar Killed Me (French: Omar m'a tuer) is a 2011 drama film directed by Roschdy Zem. The film has been selected as the Moroccan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards. On January 18 2012 the film was named as one of the nine shortlisted entries for the Oscars. Zem Olivier Gorce Rachid Bouchareb and Olivier Lorelle were collectively nominated for the 2012 Best Writing (Adaptation) César Award and Sami Bouajila was nominated as Best Actor.
 The Bourne Ultimatum is a 2007 American-German action spy thriller film directed by Paul Greengrass loosely based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same title. The screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi. The Bourne Ultimatum is the third in the Bourne film series being preceded by The Bourne Identity (2002) and The Bourne Supremacy (2004).
 The Man Outside is a 1913 Comedy film
 Crack-Up is a 1936 American film starring Peter Lorre. Lorre appears as a harmless half-addled airplane enthusiast actually a ruthless spy desperate to get his hands on the blueprints for an experimental aircraft piloted by Ace Martin (Donlevy).
 Red Angel (Japanese title: 赤い天使 Akai Tenshi) is a 1966 Japanese film directed by Yasuzo Masumura. It tells the story of a young Japanese nurse on the front lines in China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. It is based on a 1966 novel of the same name by Yorichika Arima (ja).
 A Sailor-Made Man is a 1921 comedy film directed by Fred Newmeyer and starring Harold Lloyd.
 Mohawk is a 1956 Pathécolor drama directed by Kurt Neumann starring Scott Brady and Rita Gam. Jonathan Adams (Scott Brady) is an 18th century Boston artist sent to Mohawk Valley to paint landscapes and portraits of Native Americans. The film reuses many sequences from the 1939 film Drums Along the Mohawk.
 Butter is an ensemble comedy film directed by Jim Field Smith from a screenplay by Jason Micallef starring Jennifer Garner Ty Burrell Olivia Wilde Rob Corddry Ashley Greene Alicia Silverstone and Hugh Jackman. It was released on October 5 2012 in the United States and Canada by The Weinstein Company. The film is said to be a satire of the 2008 Democratic presidential primary. It is partially narrated by both a young foster child Destiny and the antagonist Laura Pickler.
 Koodum Thedi is a 1985 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal Radhika Rahman Nadia Moidu Soman Thilakan Sankaradi etc. Written by S. N. Swamy and Rajmohan the film is directed by Paul Babu and features music by Jerry Amaldev. The cinematography has been handled by P. C. Sreeram.
 Baaz (Hindi: बाज़ Urdu: باز) is an Hindi film released in 1953 directed by Guru Dutt. This film is Guru Dutt's first starring film an action film packed with adventure staged mainly on a ship.
 Anumodhanam is a 1978 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring Kamal Haasan M. G. Soman Vidhubala Raghavan and Seema in lead roles.
 Looking for Langston is a 1989 British black-and-white film directed by Isaac Julien and produced by Sankofa Film & Video Productions. It combines authentic archival newsreel footage of Harlem in the 1920s with scripted scenes to produce a non-linear impressionistic story line celebrating black gay identity and desire during the artistic and cultural period known as the Harlem Renaissance in New York. The film is a short running about 42 minutes.
 The Prisoner of St. Petersburg is a 1989 Australian drama film directed by Ian Pringle. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.The film was the first Australian-West German co-production. It was shot over 22 days in Germany.David Stratton wrote that the film appeared to be commercially doomed from the beginning.
 David and Jonathan is a 1920 British silent adventure film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge Geoffrey Webb and Dick Ryan. It was based on a novel by E. Temple Thurston. It was made at Universal City in California. Two men David and Jonathan are shipwrecked on a desert island together with a girl they are both in love with.
 Teenmaar (Celebration of Love) is a 2011 Telugu film directed by Jayanth C. Paranjee. The film is a remake of the successful hindi film Love Aaj Kal with Pawan Kalyan Trisha Krishnan and Kriti Kharbanda playing the lead roles. The film's music is composed by Mani Sharma. The film portrays the feeling of pure love which never changes although the perspective of realising one's soulmate has changed over time.
 One Chance is a 2013 British comedy film about Britain's Got Talent winner Paul Potts directed by David Frankel and written by Justin Zackham. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was shot in Italy and the United Kingdom. The soundtrack is scored by Theodore Shapiro and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song - motion picture.
 Latin Quarter is a 1945 British thriller directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derrick De Marney Joan Greenwood and Beresford Egan. The film is an adaptation of the play L'Angoisse by Pierre Mills and C. Vylars. It was Sewell's second film version of the story following The Medium in 1934. It was made by British National Films at Elstree Studios.
 Come on Marines is a 1934 film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars Richard Arlen and Ida Lupino.
 Dr. Strange is a television film based on the Marvel Comics fictional character Dr. Strange created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. It was both directed and written by Philip DeGuere. Stan Lee served as a consultant on the film which was created as a pilot for a proposed TV series. The movie aired on September 6 1978 in a two-hour block from 8pm to 10pm on CBS the same network that at that time aired The Amazing Spider-Man (which aired its second season premiere the day before Dr.
 Borderland is a 2007 horror film written and directed by Zev Berman. It is very loosely based on the true story of Adolfo de Jesús Constanzo the leader of a religious cult that practiced human sacrifice. Costanzo and his followers kidnapped and murdered University of Texas junior Mark Kilroy in the spring of 1989.
 The Belle of New York (MGM) is a 1952 Hollywood musical comedy film set in New York circa 1900 and stars Fred Astaire Vera-Ellen Alice Pearce Marjorie Main and Keenan Wynn with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
 Pokkiri Raja (Malayalam: പോക്കിരിരാജ Pōkkirirāja ?; English: The Rogue King) is a 2010 Malayalam action masala film starring Mammootty in the title role along with Prithviraj and Shriya Saran in Supporting roles. The film is written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas directed by debutante Vyshakh and the music is composed by Jassie Gift. The film was released on 7 May 2010 in Kerala. This was Shriya Saran's debut Malayalam film.
 Hamlet (Russian: Гамлет tr. Gamlet) is a 1964 film adaptation in Russian of William Shakespeare's play of the same title based on a translation by Boris Pasternak. It was directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Iosif Shapiro and stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky as Prince Hamlet.
 Upside is a 2010 American dramatic film written and directed by Ken Horstmann and set in Atlanta Georgia. It stars Randall Bentley.
 Girl in Progress is a 2012 American drama film directed by Patricia Riggen. The film received a limited release on May 11 2012. Originally the film was scheduled for release on April 27 2012 but was postponed until May 11 2012 to avoid competition with The Pirates! Band of Misfits. The film received the Favorite Movie Award at the 2012 ALMA Awards which honors the accomplishments made by Hispanics in film television and music.
 So Dark the Night is a 1946 American crime film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis and written by Dwight V. Babcock Martin Berkeley based on a story written by Aubrey Wisberg. The drama features Steven Geray Micheline Cheirel Eugene Borden among others.
 Der Bockerer is a 1981 Austrian drama film directed by Franz Antel. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where Karl Merkatz won the award for Best Actor. The film was also selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Up in Arms (1944) is a film directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Danny Kaye and Dinah Shore. It was nominated for two Academy Awards in 1945.
 A Stranger in My Arms is a 1959 film starring Jeff Chandler June Allyson Sandra Dee and Peter Graves.
 The Love That Lives is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film stars Pauline Frederick and was directed by Robert G. Vignola. The film is based on the story Flames of Sacrifice by Scudder Middleton.A copy of this film is preserved at the George Eastman House in New York.
 Magma: Volcanic Disaster is a 2006 television film by Sci Fi Pictures. Written by Rebecca Rian and directed by Ian Gilmour the film stars Xander Berkeley and Amy Jo Johnson. It was filmed in Bulgaria.
 Anne of the Thousand Days is a 1969 British costume drama made by Hal Wallis Productions and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Charles Jarrott and produced by Hal B. Wallis. The film tells the story of Anne Boleyn.
 El Cid: The Legend (Spanish: El Cid: La leyenda) is a Spanish animated movie released on December 19 2003 written by José Pozo and based on the historical legend of Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar also known as El Cid.
 Gerry is a 2011 biographical film shot in Quebec about rock singer Gerry Boulet (1946-1990) from Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec written by Natalie Petrowski and directed by Alain Desrochers. The lead role of Boulet was played by Mario Saint-Amand.Gerry was filmed in Montréal and other places in Québec starting 19 April 2010.
 Sons of the Anzacs is a 1945 Australian documentary about the exploits of Australian soldiers during World War II. It covered nine campaigns up until the fall of Lae. It was later re-made and updated in 1968 to cover the entire war.
 Virginia's Husband is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Mabel Poulton Lilian Oldland and Patrick Aherne. It was based on the play Virginia's Husband by Florence Kilpatrick. A woman enlists a man to pose as her husband to trick her aunt.
 Yeti: A Love Story is a 2006 comedy horror movie produced by Troma Entertainment. A sequel was announced via Kickstarter on February 11 2014.
 The Ladies Man is a 1961 American comedy film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It was released on June 28 1961 by Paramount.
 The Sweet Hereafter is a 1997 Canadian film written and directed by Atom Egoyan. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Russell Banks.
 Jonny Vang is a Norwegian film from 2003. It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Ståle Stein Berg. The music was composed by the band Calexico. The plot is a drama-comedy from the Norwegian countryside where the protagonist Jonny Vang is frustrated in his efforts to prosper as a breeder of earthworms. The film was reasonably well received by critics and was awarded an Amanda Award for Best Actor in 2003.
 The Rough House is a 1917 American short comedy film written and directed by and starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and Buster Keaton. The Rough House was Keaton's first film as a director.
 Hanste Khelte is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by Bharat Rangachary and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala. It stars Rahul Roy Nandini Singh (who made her debut with this film) Asrani Rakesh Bedi Anant Mahadevan and Ishrat Ali in pivotal roles. Amitabh Bachchan gives his voice as a God in this film.
 Andala Ramudu is a 1973 film directed by Bapu. The story is based on the Janata Express story of Mullapudi Venkata Ramana. The film won Nandi Award for Best Feature Film in 1973. Recent film Godavari by Sekhar Kammula enthusiastically made on this classic family entertainment film. This is debut film for Latha Sethupathi and Nutan Prasad.The film has an excellent soundtrack by K. V. Mahadevan and most of the songs are sung by V. Ramakrishna.
 Enthiran is a 2010 Indian Tamil science fiction techno thriller co-written and directed by Shankar. The film features Rajinikanth in dual roles as a scientist and an andro humanoid robot alongside Aishwarya Rai while Danny Denzongpa Santhanam Karunas Kalabhavan Mani Devadarshini and Cochin Haneefa play supporting roles.
 Bluebeard is a 1972 thriller starring Richard Burton Raquel Welch Joey Heatherton and Sybil Danning filmed in Budapest and Hungary by Edward Dmytryk and based on the classic story Bluebeard by Charles Perrault about a wealthy aristocrat (Burton) who murders his wives.Set in Austria in the 1930s Bluebeard is a World War I pilot with a reputation as a ladykiller and a frightening blue tinged beard.
 Scream 3 is a 2000 American slasher film and the third installment in the Scream franchise. Directed by Wes Craven and written by Ehren Kruger the film stars Neve Campbell Courteney Cox and David Arquette and was released on February 4 2000.
 Palo Alto is a 2014 film based on James Franco's short story collection Palo Alto (2010). Gia Coppola directed the film and wrote the screenplay while James Franco stars in it.Palo Alto debuted at the Telluride Film Festival in August 2013 and at the Venice Film Festival in September 2013. The film is scheduled to be shown at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 24 2014 and at the San Francisco International Film Festival on May 3 2014.
 Twin Sisters (Dutch: De Tweeling) is a 2002 Dutch film directed by Ben Sombogaart based on the novel The Twins by Tessa de Loo with a screenplay by Dutch actress and writer Marieke van der Pol.
 The Other Side of Immigration is a 2009 documentary film directed by Roy Germano that explores why so many people leave the Mexican countryside to work in the United States and what happens to the families and communities they leave behind. The film is based on Germano’s interviews with over 700 households in Mexico which he carried out while doing Ph.D. research on remittances at the University of Texas at Austin.
 Halftime in America (alternately It's Halftime in America) is an American television commercial aired in February 2012 during halftime of Super Bowl XLVI.
 Ascensor is a 1978 short Spanish film directed by Tomás Muñoz. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear.
 Real is a 2013 Japanese science fiction drama film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa starring Takeru Satoh and Haruka Ayase. It is Kurosawa's first feature film since Tokyo Sonata (2008). It is based on Rokuro Inui's novel A Perfect Day for Plesiosaur. The film was released on June 1 2013 in Japan. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and at the 2013 New York Film Festival.
 Kalava is a 1932 Tamil language film directed by P. P. Rangachari. It was the first Full-length Talkie made entirely in Tamil. The film was based on a play about Arjuna one of the Pandavas.
 Kohram is a 1999 Hindi action film directed by Mehul Kumar it starred Amitabh Bachchan Nana Patekar Danny Denzongpa and Tabu as its main cast with Jayapradha Jackie Shroff and other supporting actors.
 The Day Shall Dawn (Urdu: Jago Hua Savera‎) is a 1959 Pakistani drama film directed by A. J. Kardar. The film was selected as the Pakistani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 32nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Medal. The film was screened at the 2008 New York Film Festival to celebrate its 50th anniversary.
 Lakshmi Putrudu (translation: Lakshmi's Son) is a 2008 Telugu drama film directed by Tamil director Raj Kapoor and is produced by Polisetty Rambabu known for Gopi – Goda Meedha Pilli of the RS Films banner. The films stars Uday Kiran Diya Brahmanandam and Mumaith Khan.
 Mundadugu (Telugu: ముందడుగు) is a 1983 Telugu Drama film produced by D. Rama Naidu of Suresh Productions and directed by K. Bapaiah.It is remade in Hindi language in 1984 as Maqsad starring Rajesh Khanna Jeetendra Jayapradha Sridevi.
 Le dernier homme (Arabic: اطلال‎ (Atlal) English: The Last Man) is a 2006 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Ghassan Salhab.
 Macbeth is a German 1913 silent film version of the William Shakespeare play Macbeth and the fifth film adaptation of that work. Arthur Bourchier plays Macbeth and Violet Vanbrugh Lady Macbeth. It was released on November 17 1913 in the UK. It is 47 minutes long.[citation needed]It is considered to be a lost film though silentera.com states that the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House may have a print.
 There Lived Kozyavin (Russian: Жил-был Козявин) is a short-story animation directed by Andrey Khrzhanovsky and wrote by Lazar Lagin and Gennadi Shpalikov.
 Northfork is a 2003 film directed by Michael Polish and written by Michael and Mark Polish. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21 2003 and later received a limited release in the United States on July 11 2003. The film stars James Woods Nick Nolte Daryl Hannah Anthony Edwards and Peter Coyote. This is the brothers' third film collaboration after Twin Falls Idaho (1999) and Jackpot (2001).
 A Short Film About John Bolton is a 2003 film written and directed by Neil Gaiman. The film takes the form of a fictional television piece on real-life artist John Bolton (but played in the film by actor John O'Mahony). It was released direct to video along with several bonus features.
 Simplon-Tunnel is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Naked Amazon (Portuguese: Feitiço do Amazonas) is a 1954 Brazilian adventure film directed by Zygmunt Sulistrowski. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 American Hardcore is a documentary directed by Paul Rachman and written by Steven Blush. It is based on the book American Hardcore: A Tribal History also written by Blush. It was released on September 22 2006 on a limited basis. The film features some early pioneers of the hardcore punk music scene including Bad Brains Black Flag D.O.A. Minor Threat The Minutemen SS Decontrol and others. It was released on DVD by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on February 20 2007.
 Midnight Lace is a 1960 American mystery-thriller film starring Doris Day and Rex Harrison directed by David Miller. The screenplay by Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts is based on the play Matilda Shouted Fire by Janet Green.The film was remade as a television movie by Universal Television for NBC in 1981.
 Fujian Blue (simplified Chinese: 金壁辉煌; traditional Chinese: 金壁輝煌; pinyin: Jīn Bì Hūihúang; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kim-piah-hui-hông) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Weng Shouming (Robin Weng).
 Rome-Paris-Rome (Italian: Signori in carrozza!) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Aldo Fabrizi.
 The Night of the Generals is a 1967 Franco-British World War II crime mystery film directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel. It stars Peter O'Toole Omar Sharif Tom Courtenay Donald Pleasence Joanna Pettet and Philippe Noiret. The screenplay by Joseph Kessel and Paul Dehn was loosely based on the beginning of the novel of the same name by German author Hans Hellmut Kirst. The writing credits also include the line based on an incident written by James Hadley Chase.
 Reform School Girls is a 1986 American film directed by Tom DeSimone starring Wendy O. Williams Pat Ast and Sybil Danning. It depicts a reform school for girls that is operated by a sadistic and evil warden Sutter and her henchwoman Edna.
 Fisher's Ghost is a 1924 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on the legend of Fisher's Ghost. It is considered a lost film.
 Hellzapoppin' is a 1941 Universal Pictures adaptation of the musical of the same name directed by H.C. Potter. The cast includes Ole Olsen and Chic Johnson (who produced and starred in it on Broadway) Martha Raye Mischa Auer Shemp Howard and The Six Hits.The credits for the film assert that any resemblance between Hellzapoppin' and a motion picture are coincidental—a truth that is perhaps responsible for it being less successful than the stage show which engendered it.
 Easy Years (Italian: Anni facili) is a 1953 drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Nino Taranto.
 10 Minutes is a 2002 short film contrasting ten minutes in the life of a Japanese tourist in Rome with the bloody drama of a Bosnian family taking place at the same time less than an hour away in the besieged city of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War. It was directed by Ahmed Imamovic who also directed Go West.
 LarryBoy and the Bad Apple is the 29th episode in the VeggieTales animated series and the third installment of the LarryBoy adventures. The video was released in 2006 and is the first VeggieTales episode to be available only on DVD format. It is also the first series to be released on Blu-ray in High Definition.
 Sword in the Moon (Cheongpung myeongwol) is a 2003 South Korean film. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Strange Door (1951) is a period drama cross horror film released by Universal Pictures. The film starred Charles Laughton Boris Karloff Sally Forrest and Richard Stapley. Karloff's role is actually a support one but his name carried significant weight in the billing. It was directed by Joseph Pevney and was based on the short story The Sire de Maletroit's Door by Robert Louis Stevenson. Its alternative title was Robert Louis Stevenson's The Strange Door.
 Karin Daughter of Ingmar (Swedish: Karin Ingmarsdotter) is a 1920 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström. It is the second part in Sjöström's large-scale adaption of Selma Lagerlöf's novel Jerusalem following Sons of Ingmar from the year before and depicting chapter three and four from the novel. The critical reception was however unenthusiastic and Sjöström decided to not direct any more parts. Eventually the suite was finished by Gustaf Molander in 1926.
 Ghost Chasers is a 1951 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on April 29 1951 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-second film in the series.
 Bullseye is an Australian comedy adventure film directed by Carl Schultz.The movie is also known as The Trailblazer Trailblazer Outback and Birdsville.
 Doom is a 2005 action science-fiction horror film written by David Callaham and Wesley Strick and directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak. It is loosely based on the video game series of the same name created by id Software. The film follows a group of Rapid Response Tactical Squad Marines called on an emergency to Mars on a rescue and retrieval mission after communications with the Olduvai Research Facility on Mars ceased hours earlier.
 Growing Pains (also known as Bad Manners) is a 1984 American black comedy teen film released by New World Pictures. Written and directed by Robert Houston and produced by Kim Jorgensen the film follows a group of teenage delinquents who escape the oppressive Catholic orphanage where they live in order to rescue one of their fellow inmates.
 Public Not Admitted (Czech: S vyloučením veřejnosti) is a 1933 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Snake Woman is a 1961 British horror film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Susan Travers John McCarthy.
 An Evening with the Dixie Chicks is a 2002 live music documentary featuring the Dixie Chicks and directed by Joel Gallen. As of March 2003 An Evening with the Dixie Chicks has sold 2 million copies in the United States and has been certified 2x Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Mohitham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2008.
 Scummy Man is a short film written and directed by Paul Fraser and produced by Mark Herbert and Diarmid Scrimshaw based on the song When the Sun Goes Down by the Arctic Monkeys and released on DVD on 10 April 2006 by Domino Records.
 That Kind of Girl is a British cult film and the directorial debut of Gerry O'Hara. Produced by Robert Hartford-Davis with a script by Jan Read it was released in 1963.The film's subject is premartial sexual relationships and sexually transmitted diseases in an English 1960s millieu.
 Barrenvento (English: The Turning Wind) is a 1962 Brazilian film and the feature debut of film director Glauber Rocha. The movie stars Antonio Pitanga Lucy de Carvalho and Aldo Teixeira. It belongs to the Cinema Novo movement addressing the socio-political problems of 1960s Brazil.
 Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1990 French comedy drama film directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau and based on the 1897 play of the same name by Edmond Rostand adapted by Jean-Claude Carrière and Rappeneau. It stars Gérard Depardieu Anne Brochet and Vincent Pérez. The film was a co-production between companies in France and Hungary.The film is the first theatrical film version of Rostand's original play in color and the second theatrical film version of the play in the original French.
 All of Me is a 1934 drama film starring Fredric March Miriam Hopkins and George Raft. The film was written by actor Thomas Mitchell and Sidney Buchman from Rose Porter's play Chrysalis and directed by James Flood.
 Foreign Correspondent is a 1940 American spy thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which tells the story of an American reporter who tries to expose enemy spies in Britain a series of events involving a continent-wide conspiracy that eventually leads to the events of a fictionalized World War II.
 Joh's Jury is a 1993 Australian TV movie about the perjury trial of Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen.
 Paris Is Burning is a 1990 American documentary film directed by Jennie Livingston. Filmed in the mid-to-late 1980s it chronicles the ball culture of New York City and the African-American Latino gay and transgender communities involved in it. Many members of the ball culture community consider Paris Is Burning to be an invaluable documentary of the end of the Golden Age of New York City drag balls as well as a thoughtful exploration of race class gender and sexuality in America.
 Grass Labyrinth (草迷宮 Kusa meikyū) is a Japanese film directed by Shūji Terayama which was released in France in 1979 and in Japan in 1983.
 The Toy Tiger is a 1956 American comedy film starring Laraine Day and Jeff Chandler. It is a remake of Mad About Music (1938).
 Don is a 2007 Telugu film directed by Raghava Lawrence. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna in the lead role and Anushka Shetty Lawrence Kelly Dorjee and Nikita Thukral in other prominent roles. Lawrence also made his debut music director for the film. The film released on 20 December 2007. This film has also been dubbed into Malayalam on release as Bhai and dubbed into Hindi as Don No. 1.
 Ace Attorney (逆転裁判 Gyakuten Saiban lit. Turnabout Trial) is a 2012 Japanese comedy courtroom drama film directed by Takashi Miike and based on the Capcom video game Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney. The film stars Hiroki Narimiya Mirei Kiritani and Takumi Saito. It made its premiere at the International Film Festival Rotterdam on 1 February 2012 and was released in Japanese cinemas on 11 February 2012. The US premiere was made at the Hawaii International Film Festival in April 2012.
 Twisted Desire is a 1996 television drama/thriller film directed by Craig R. Baxley. The film is based on the 1990 murders of the parents of 14-year-old Jessica Wiseman. Jessica had her 17-year-old boyfriend Douglas Christopher Thomas shoot and kill her parents. Thomas was executed in 2000.
 World Without End is an eight episode television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by Ken Follett. It is the follow up to the 2010 miniseries The Pillars of the Earth also based on a Follett novel. World Without End is set 150 years after The Pillars of the Earth and chronicles the experiences of the fictional English town of Kingsbridge during the start of the Hundred Years' War and the outbreak of the Black Death.
 The Spell of the Sand Painting (砂絵呪縛 第二篇 Sunae Shibari Dai-nihen) is a 1927 black-and-white silent Japanese film directed by Jukō Takahashi.
 Maul- und Klauenseuche is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Gong Gam Gong Geo is a 1964 Khmer film directed by Biv Chai Leang starring Chea Yuthon and rising actress Y Kim Sua.
 The Way Home (집으로 – Jibeuro) is a 2002 film written and directed by Lee Jeong-hyang. It tells the heart-warming story about a grandmother and her city-born grandson who comes to live with her in a rural village. The film which reminds the younger generation of the unconditional love and care that old people selflessly give won South Korea's equivalent of the Oscars for best picture and screenplay.The Way Home was the second-highest grossing homegrown film in South Korea in 2002.
 Il diavolo (The Devil) is a 1963 black-and-white Italian film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro. It tells the story of an Italian merchant and his experiences during a visit to Sweden.
 Watermelon Man is a 1970 American comedy-drama film directed by Melvin Van Peebles. Written by Herman Raucher it tells the story of an extremely bigoted 1960s white insurance salesman named Jeff Gerber who wakes up one morning to find that he has become black.
 My Way (also known as The Winners) is a 1973 South African drama film directed by Emil Nofal and Roy Sargent and starring Joe Stewardson Richard Loring Marie Du Toit and Tony Jay. It was followed by a sequel My Way II in 1977.
 Dragon Ball: Ssawora Son Goku Igyeora Son Goku (Hangul: 드래곤볼 싸워라 손오공 이겨라 손오공; RR: Deuraegon Bor Ssawora Son o gong Igyeora Son o gong) (lit. Dragon Ball: Fight Son Goku Win Son Goku) is an unofficial unlicensed live-action Korean film adaptation of the manga series Dragon Ball by Akira Toriyama. It was directed by Ryong Wang and was released on December 12 1990.The movie follows the original Dragon Ball story and does so more closely than The Magic Begins.
 Women in the Wind is a 1939 film directed by John Farrow.
 Op een Avond in Mei is a 1937 Dutch comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer.
 The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll is a music-themed drama film starring Kevin Zegers and Jason Ritter and directed by Scott Rosenbaum. The screenplay was written by Scott Rosenbaum and Jasin Cadic. The film is set to be released On-Demand & in limited theatrical release on August 5 2011.
 Mephisto is the title of a 1981 film adaptation of Klaus Mann's novel Mephisto directed by István Szabó and starring Klaus Maria Brandauer as Hendrik Höfgen.
 Believe In Me is a 2006 American drama film directed by Robert Collector. The film stars Jeffrey Donovan Samantha Mathis and Bruce Dern. The film was shot in various locations in New Mexico. The film is based on the novel Brief Garland by Harold Keith. The novel is about Keith's real life nephew Jim Keith.
 Maid's Night Out is a 1938 American romantic comedy film made by RKO Radio Pictures and starring Joan Fontaine and Allan Lane. It was directed by Ben Holmes from a screenplay by Bert Granet adapted by from the radio play Certified (also produced by RKO) by Willoughby Speyers.
 Lon of Lone Mountain is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Lissi und der wilde Kaiser (Lissi and the Wild Emperor) is a German animated film released in 2007. It is a comedy parody of the Sissi films.The plot concerns a yeti who makes a pact with the devil to kidnap the most beautiful girl in the world. This turns out to be the Princess Lissi who is clearly the Austrian Princess and later Empress Elisabeth of Bavaria and much of the film is taken up with subplots related to the court and to the romantic relationship between Elisabeth and her husband.
 La Marseillaise is a (1938) film about the early part of the French Revolution. The film was directed by Jean Renoir. La Marseillaise is shown from the eyes of the citizens of Marseille counts in German exile and of course the king Louis XVI each showing their own small problems.
 The Wives He Forgot is a 2006 film starring Molly Ringwald as Charlotte Saint John a small town attorney who comes to the aid of Gabriel (Mark Humphrey) a handsome stranger who's suffering from amnesia. Charlotte can't help but fall in love with this seemingly perfect man. Their romance soon hits a snag when two women come into Charlotte's office claiming that they are married to Gabriel/Jay.
 Korkoro (Alone in the Romani language) is a 2009 French drama film written and directed by Tony Gatlif starring French actors Marc Lavoine Marie-Josée Croze and James Thiérrée.
 The Shriner's Daughter is a 1913 American silent short film starring Charlotte Burton Violet Neitz Helen Armstrong William Bertram Edith Borella Ed Coxen Reaves Eason George Field Winifred Greenwood Ida Lewis Nina Richdale and William Tedmarsh.
 Testament of Orpheus (French: Le testament d'Orphée) is a 1960 film directed by and starring Jean Cocteau. It is considered the final part of the Orphic Trilogy following The Blood of a Poet (1930) and Orphée (1950). In the cast are Charles Aznavour Lucia Bosé María Casares Nicole Courcel Luis Miguel Dominguín Daniel Gélin Jean-Pierre Léaud Serge Lifar Jean Marais François Périer and Françoise Sagan.It also includes cameo appearances by Pablo Picasso and Yul Brynner.
 Moor (Urdu: ماں‎ meaning Mother) is an upcoming Pakistani family/drama film written & directed by Jamshed Mahmood (a.k.a Jami) based on decline of the railways system in Pakistan. Moor is Pushto word meaning mother. Moor was previously named as Morqaye.
 Shahjehan is a 1946 Indian Bollywood film. It was the second highest grossing Indian film of 1946.
 Viol à la tire (2001) is a 12 minutes short film written and directed by Noël Mitrani.
 La schiava io ce l'ho e tu no is a 1972 Italian film directed by Giorgio Capitani. It stars Lando Buzzanca Catherine Spaak and Adriana Asti.
 Josh and the Big Wall! is the twenty-eighth episode of the VeggieTales animated series. It was released in November 28 2006 on DVD. It is also the ninth episode to talk about obedience because it is subtitled A Lesson in Obedience. The story follows the plight of the Israelites and the Battle of Jericho.
 Jeevitha Yaathra is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Tsukue no Nakami (机のなかみ) (The Contents of the Desk) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida.
 Hyménée is a 1947 French drama film directed by Émile Couzinet(fr). Starring Gaby Morlay Maurice Escande and Pierre Magnier the film was shot in Bordeaux at the Studios de la Côte d'Argent in Gironde.
 Robot Wrecks is a 1941 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 200th Our Gang short (201st episode 112th talking short 113th talking episode and 32nd MGM produced episode) that was released.
 El Ratón (The Mouse) is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Intrigue is a 1947 film directed by Edwin L. Marin. It stars George Raft and June Havoc.
 The Three Musketeers (1948) is a Technicolor adventure film adaptation of the classic novel The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas père which starred Gene Kelly and Lana Turner. The film is today best remembered by many movie fans for its outstanding fight choreography in the combat sequences which has been used as inspiration for movie fight scenes ever since.[citation needed]
 The Fairy Tale Killer (追凶 Pupil in Chinese) is a 2012 Hong Kong horror film directed by Danny Pang Phat. The film was released on 11 May 2012 and stars Lau Ching-wan Wang Baoqiang and Elanne Kwong. The Fairy Tale Killer follows police detective Han as he investigates a series of brutal murders.
 Loca juventud is a 1965 Spanish and Italian film directed by Manuel Mur Oti.
 An Outcast Among Outcasts is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Wilfred Lucas. It was Lucas' debut film as a director. The film starred Blanche Sweet.
 Entry is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Rajesh Amanakara and starring Baburaj Ranjini Haridas Bhagath Manuel and Sija Rose in the lead roles.
 The Phantom of the Opera (Italian: Il fantasma dell'opera) is a 1998 Italian horror film directed by Dario Argento adapted from the novel Le Fantôme de l'Opéra by Gaston Leroux. However there are many differences between the book and the film (the biggest being that the Phantom is not disfigured).
 Death from Above is a 2011 horror film by director Bruce Koehler. The film features professional wrestling stars Kurt Angle Sid Eudy James Storm Matt Morgan Terry Gerin and Jessica Kresa.
 Solomon & Sheba is a 1995 film directed by Robert M. Young. It stars Halle Berry and Miguel Brown. It was nominated for an Image Award in 1996.
 Three For the Road is a 1987 road trip themed comedy starring Charlie Sheen Alan Ruck Kerri Green Sally Kellerman and Blair Tefkin.
 Ilaaka is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Aziz Sejawal starring Dharmendra Raakhee Mithun Chakraborty Sanjay Dutt Madhuri Dixit Amrita Singh Amrish Puri and Om Puri.
 No Time for Love is a 1943 film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction-Interior Decoration Black-and-White (Hans Dreier Robert Usher Sam Comer). Robert Usher spent the last twenty years of his life as a 'family brother' at New Clairvaux Abbey in Vina California. He designed some of the monastery's buildings and the cemetery gardens.
 Meat Market is a 2000 Canadian horror film directed and written by Brian Clement based on a story by Nick Sheehan and Tania Willard. It stars Claire Westby and Paul Pedrosa as survivors of a zombie apocalypse who team up with a masked Mexican wrestler and a trio of vampires. The film was followed by two sequels Meat Market 2 and Meat Market 3.
 Saajan Ki Baahon Mein is a 1995 Indian Bollywood film directed by Jay Prakash and produced by Dinesh B. Patel. It stars Rishi Kapoor Sumeet Saigal Raveena Tandon and Tabu in pivotal roles.
 Questo pazzo pazzo mondo della canzone is a 1965 Italian musicarello film directed and written by Bruno Corbucci and Giovanni Grimaldi.
 Syntoniser Amani is a 2008 documentary film.
 Aadmi is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Arshad Khan starring Mithun Chakraborty Gauthami Harish and Ajit Khan.
 Lolita is a 1997 French-American drama film directed by Adrian Lyne. It is the second screen adaptation of Vladimir Nabokov's novel of the same name and stars Jeremy Irons as Humbert Humbert and Dominique Swain as Dolores Lolita Haze with supporting roles by Melanie Griffith as Charlotte Haze and Frank Langella as Clare Quilty.The film had considerable difficulty finding an American distributor and premiered in Europe before being released in America where it was met with much controversy.
 Oleanna is a 1994 drama film written and directed by David Mamet based on his play Oleanna and starring William H. Macy and Debra Eisenstadt. The film was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead.
 Fotógrafo de señoras is a 1978 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Moser.
 Directed by Raja Nawathe Basant Bahar is an Indian classic of the mid-fifties. In 1956 this musical had nine outstanding songs with lyrics written by Shailendra and Hasrat Jaipuri; and music composition by Shankar-Jaikishan. The story is based on the Kannada novel Hamsageethe by legendary novelist Tarasu. Hamasa means swan and Geethe means song. It is believed that before a swan diesit will sing without opening its mouth.
 Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home is a 1995 family film directed Dwight H. Little and released by Warner Bros. under its Family Entertainment banner. It is a sequel to the 1993 film Free Willy also starring Jason James Richter and August Schellenberg. Free Willy 3: The Rescue was subsequently released in 1997 making a trilogy. A fourth nonconsecutive film Free Willy: Escape from Pirate's Cove was released on DVD in Spring 2010.
 Hum Tum (translation: Me and You) is a Bollywood romantic comedy movie released in India on 28 May 2004 directed by Kunal Kohli and produced by Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra under the Yash Raj Films banner. The movie stars Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles. Hum Tum follows the encounters of the two main characters until they after several years and various meetings become friends and finally fall in love at the end of the movie.
 Ji (Tamil: ஜி) is a 2005 Tamil action film directed by Linguswamy and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film stars Ajith Kumar and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while the score and soundtrack are composed by Vidyasagar. The film was released in February 2005 following a series of delays and received mixed reviews.
 The Hobart Shakespeareans of Hobart Boulevard Elementary School is a 2005 documentary film that tells the story of the inspirational inner-city Los Angeles school teacher Rafe Esquith whose rigorous fifth-grade curriculum includes English mathematics geography and literature.
 'Amar Shopno Tumi' is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film released was 2005 in all over Bangladesh. Directed and written by Hasibul Islam Mizan. its all about love with Comedy story based film. Stars Shakib Khan Ferdous Shabnur A.T.M. Shamsuzzaman Abul Hayat Sormili Ahmed. this film is one of the highest-grossing film of 2005 in Bangladesh.
 Phantom is a 2013 American film about a Soviet submarine during the Cold War in the 1960s. Todd Robinson wrote and directed the film. It stars Ed Harris David Duchovny and William Fichtner.The film tells the story of a Soviet Navy submarine captain attempting to prevent a war. It is loosely based on the real-life events involving the K-129 crisis of 1968.
 Do Yaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Kewal Misra. The film stars Vinod Khanna Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. The film was later remade in Telugu as Iddaru Iddare (1976) starring Shobhan Babu Krishnam Raju Manjula and Chandrakala. It was also remade in Tamil as Kuppathu Raja (1979) with Rajinikanth Vijayakumar and Manjula.
 Tea and Sympathy (1956) is an adaptation of Robert Anderson's 1953 stage play directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by Pandro S. Berman for MGM in Metrocolor. The music score was by Adolph Deutsch and the cinematography by John Alton. Deborah Kerr Leif Erickson and John Kerr re-created their original stage roles. Also in the cast were Edward Andrews Darryl Hickman Norma Crane Tom Laughlin and Dean Jones.
 Eda Rae (Sinhala That Night) is a 1953 Sri Lankan film that achieved some popularity in the country. The musician Latha Walpola debuted as a playback singer in this film.
 Souten: The Other Woman is a 2006 Bollywood film written and directed by Karan Razdan starring Gulshan Grover Mahima Chaudhry Vikram Singh Kiran Rathod and Shakti Kapoor in the lead roles. The film was released on 24 March 2006.
 H Story is a 2001 Japanese drama film by writer-director Nobuhiro Suwa. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. It is an autobiographical docudrama about an attempt to remake Alain Resnais' 1959 film Hiroshima Mon Amour.
 The Princess and the Warrior (German: Der Krieger und die Kaiserin literally The Warrior and the Empress) is a 2000 German drama film written and directed by Tom Tykwer with Franka Potente star of his previous movie Run Lola Run (Lola rennt) in a leading role.
 Semi-Pro is a 2008 American sports comedy film from New Line Cinema. The film was directed by Kent Alterman and stars Will Ferrell Woody Harrelson André Benjamin and Maura Tierney. The film was shot in Los Angeles near Dodger Stadium (in the gym of the Los Angeles City Fire Department Training Center) in Detroit and in Flint Michigan. It was released in theaters on February 29 2008 and was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on June 3 2008.
 Nan of Music Mountain is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by George Melford and Cecil B. DeMille (who receives no screen credit). The film is based on Frank H. Spearman's novel of the same name and stars Wallace Reid and Anna Little.
 Barbora Hlavsová is a 1942 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.
 It's Happening Tomorrow (Italian: Domani accadrà) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Distant Thunder is a 1978 evangelical fundamentalist Christian film by Russell S. Doughten and directed by Donald W. Thompson. The film is a sequel to the 1972 film A Thief in the Night which portrayed the event in Christian eschatology sometimes called the Rapture. These films are part of a four-part series; the story is continued in Image of the Beast (1980) and The Prodigal Planet (1983).
 Pretty When You Cry is 2001 erotic thriller directed by Jack N. Green a longtime Oscar-nominated cinematographer who frequently collaborates with Clint Eastwood.
 The Undefeated is a 1969 American Western film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and John Wayne (uncredited) and starring John Wayne and Rock Hudson. The film portrays events surrounding the French Intervention in Mexico and is also loosely based on General J. O. Shelby's escape to Mexico after the Civil War and his attempt to join with Maximilian's forces.
 Road Kill is a 1999 film directed by Matthew Leutwyler. It stars Jennifer Rubin and Erik Palladino. It won two awards in 1999.
 Bristol Boys is a 2006 film written and directed by Brandon David. Shot in Bristol Connecticut and Springfield Massachusetts the film is based on one of biggest drug busts of Connecticut's Statewide Narcotics Task Force including the arrest of David's longtime friend Kevin Toolen in 2001. Will Janowitz and Max Casella of The Sopranos fame star in the film as do Dean Winters and David Zayas from Oz.
 Father of the Bride is a 1991 American comedy film starring Steve Martin Diane Keaton Kimberly Williams George Newbern Martin Short B.D. Wong and Kieran Culkin. It is a remake of the 1950 film of the same name. In 1995 a sequel Father of the Bride Part II was released.The film inspired a series of Hallmark commercials that featured the smiling faces of the happy couple and sneak-peeks at the backs of numerous greeting cards. This film is number 92 on Bravo's 100 Funniest Movies.
 The Recruit is a 2003 American-German spy thriller film directed by Roger Donaldson and starring Al Pacino Colin Farrell and Bridget Moynahan. It was produced by Epsilon Motion Pictures and released in North America by Buena Vista Pictures on January 31 2003. The film received mixed reviews from critics.
 The Bigamist (Italian: Il bigamo) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Emmer.
 The Zombie King is a British horror comedy film starring Edward Furlong and Corey Feldman. The film is directed by Aidan Belizaire and is based on a story by Jennifer Chippindale and Rebecca-Clare Evans. The film is the first project from Northern Girl Productions and was scheduled for release in summer 2012.[citation needed]
 Till Dad Do Us Part is a made-for-TV movie released in 2001. It starred John Larroquette Markie Post and Jeffrey Jones; was written by Douglas Soesbe and directed by Randall Miller. It was originally televised on the Fox Family Channel on June 17 2001.
 Amma Pillai is a 1990 Tamil Indian feature film directed by R.C.Shakthi and produced by M.K.Raju. It stars Ramki and Seetha in the lead roles.
 Choron Ki Baaraat is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra. It stars Shatrughan Sinha and Neetu Singh in pivotal roles.
 Breath Control: The History of the Human Beat Box (2002) is a documentary exploring the world of beatboxing a form of music using the human mouth throat and diaphragm to generate sounds that are usually produced by machines. Over 30 practitioners of this art form discuss their techniques and the evolution of their craft. The human beat box is one of the key elements in the development of Hip Hop culture alongside Dj-ing Graffiti Breakdancing and MC-ing.
 Citizen Cohn is a 1992 cable film covering the life of Joseph McCarthy's controversial chief counsel Roy Cohn. James Woods who starred as Cohn was nominated for both an Emmy and a Golden Globe for his performance. Citizen Cohn also stars Joe Don Baker (as McCarthy) Ed Flanders (as Cohn's courtroom nemesis Joseph Welch) Frederic Forrest (as writer Dashiell Hammett) and Pat Hingle (as Cohn's onetime mentor J. Edgar Hoover). It was directed by Frank Pierson.
 Brides (Greek: Νύφες translit. Nyfes) is a 2004 Greek film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris. The film stars Victoria Haralabidou and Damian Lewis and the photography is by Giorgos Arvanitis. Set in 1922 is the story of a mail order bride one of 700 aboard the SS King Alexander who falls in love with an American photographer. She is bound for her new husband in Chicago he is on his way home to a failed marriage.
 Bagong Buwan also known as New Moon is a 2001 Filipino film directed by Marilou Diaz-Abaya starring Filipino actors Cesar Montano Amy Austria Jericho Rosales Caridad Sanchez Carlo Aquino Noni Buencamino Jiro Manio Ronnie Lazaro Jhong Hilario and Jodi Santamaria.This movie is about the Muslim rebellion in Mindanao Philippines and its effect on civilians.
 Mrugaya (Malayalam: മൃഗയ meaning The Hunt) is a 1989 Malayalam action drama film written by AK Lohithadas and directed by IV Sasi. The film stars Mammootty in the lead role with Thilakan Jagathy Sreekumar Lalu Alex Urvashi and Sunitha in supporting roles.Mrugaya is tells the story of Varunni (Mammootty) the uncultured and drunkard hunter arrived in the village to kill a man-eating leopard.
 Don't Look Up known as Joyû-rei (女優霊 lit. Ghost Actress) in Japan is a 1996 Japanese horror film directed by Hideo Nakata. The film received a Hollywood remake in 2009 directed by Fruit Chan and starring Rachael Murphy Reshad Strik and Eli Roth.
 The Power and the Glory is a 1933 film starring Spencer Tracy and Colleen Moore written by Preston Sturges and directed by William K. Howard. The picture's screenplay was Sturges' first script which he delivered complete in the form of a finished shooting script for which he received $17500 and a percentage of the profits.
 Storm Over the Nile is a 1955 film adaptation of the novel The Four Feathers directed by Terence Young. The film not only extensively used footage of the action scenes from the 1939 film version stretched into CinemaScope but exactly the same screenplay almost line-for-line also then directed by Zoltan Korda as well as several pieces of music by the original composer Miklos Rozsa.
 Annakili Sonna Kathai is a 1989 Tamil Indian feature film directed by S.Devaraj for Sri Ananda Lakshmi Fim Combines. The film stars Sathyaraj and Shaloo in the lead roles.
 Black Widow is an 2010 thriller movie directed by Mark Roemmich and starring Janine Turner Jack Scalia and Jennifer O'Dell.
 Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear (promoted simply as The House of Fear) is a 1945 crime film directed by Roy William Neill. It is loosely based on The Five Orange Pips by Arthur Conan Doyle and features the characters Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. It is the 10th film of the Rathbone/Bruce series.
 Cama adentro (English: Live-in Maid) is a 2004 Argentine and Spanish drama film written and directed by Jorge Gaggero. In Spain it is also known as Señora Beba. It was executive produced by Aqua Films' Verónica Cura. The picture features Norma Aleandro Norma Argentina among others.The drama is set in Buenos Aires during the early 2000s economic crisis.
 Bit Part is a 1975 Australian TV film about a struggling actor who is cast alongside Britain's most famous actor.
 The Tree of Knowledge is a lost 1920 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by William C. deMille and starred Robert Warwick. It is based on an 1898 play The Tree of Knowledge by R.C. Carton.
 Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Nanette Burstein and written by Geoff LaTulippe. It stars Drew Barrymore and Justin Long as a young couple Erin (Barrymore) and Garrett (Long) who fall in love one summer in New York City and try to keep their long-distance relationship alive when Erin heads home to San Francisco.
 Black Water Transit is a 2009 crime drama film based on the novel of the same name by Carsten Stroud. It is directed by Tony Kaye and stars an ensemble cast including Laurence Fishburne and Karl Urban.
 Hendes store aften is a 1954 Danish romance film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Helle Virkner.
 The Last Rites of Ransom Pride is a 2010 action-western film starring Lizzy Caplan and Scott Speedman in the title role.
 Misti Cheler Dustu Buddhi (sometimes Mishti Cheler Dustu Buddhi) (Bengali: মিষ্টি ছেলের দুষ্টু বুদ্ধি) is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Parthasarathi Manna and Sudarhan Basu and produced by Bidyut Chakraborty under the banner of Nupur Creations. Music of the film has been composed by Dodo and Tamal. The film was released on January 4 2013.
 Dost (Hindi: दोस्त; English: Friend) is a 1944 Bollywood film produced under banner Navin Pictures directed by Shaukat Hussain Rizvi. Kanhaiyalal and Maya Banerjee play the lead with Agha Himalaya Dasani Husn Banu Mirza Musharraf Motilal Noor Jehan Ram Pyari Shaukat Hussain Rizvi Sherali and Varmala Kumthekar in the support cast. The lyrics were written by Shams Lakhnavi with music composed by Sajjad Hussain.
 Hong Kong Godfather is a 1991 Hong Kong action crime film directed by Ho Cheuk Wing starring Andy Lau.
 Unfaithfully Yours is a 1948 American screwball comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges and starring Rex Harrison Linda Darnell Rudy Vallee and Barbara Lawrence. The film is a black comedy about a man's failed attempt to murder his wife whom he believes has been unfaithful to him. Although the film which was the first of two Sturges made for Twentieth Century-Fox received mostly positive reviews it was not successful at the box office.
 Rupkatha Noy is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Atanu Ghosh and produced by Firdausal Hassan and Probal Halder for Friends Communication. The music was composed by Joy Sarkar.
 Life After Beth is a 2014 American zombie comedy film directed and written by Jeff Baena. The film stars Anna Kendrick Aubrey Plaza Matthew Gray Gubler Dane DeHaan and John C. Reilly. The film premiered in competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014.
 Liquid Sky is an independent American science fiction film. It debuted at the Montreal Film festival in August 1982 and was well received at several film festivals thereafter. It was produced with a budget of $500000. It became the most successful independent film of 1983 grossing $1.7 million in the first several months of release.The film is seen as heavily influencing a club scene that emerged in the early 2000s in Brooklyn Berlin and London called electroclash.
 Smile Orange is a 1976 satirical film set in Jamaica. It follows the day-to-day life of Ringo (Carl Bradshaw) a smooth-talking waiter and con-man. The film explores the tourism industry in the Caribbean and seems to suggest there are similarities to slavery in that industry.The film was directed by Trevor D. Rhone who also wrote the play on which it is based and was produced by Edward Knight. The movie stars Bradshaw Glenn Morrison and Stanley Irons.
 San Ferry Ann is a 1966 British sound effect comedy. Wordlessly with soundtrack and sound effects it tells the story of a holiday crossing from Dover to Calais.
 The Hitch-Hiker is a 1953 film noir directed by Ida Lupino about two fishing buddies who pick up a mysterious hitchhiker during a trip to Mexico.The movie was written by Robert L. Joseph Lupino and her husband Collier Young based on a story by blacklisted Out of the Past screenwriter Daniel Mainwaring (who did not receive screen credit). The film is based on the true story of psychopathic murderer Billy Cook.It is regarded as the first American mainstream film noir directed by a woman.
 Arang (아랑 Arang) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 Examined Life is a 2008 documentary film directed by Astra Taylor.
 Nayakan is a 2010 Malayalam crime film directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery and written by P. S. Rafeeq. It stars Indrajith Thilakan Jagathy Sreekumar Dhanya Mary Varghese and Siddique. The film revolves around a Kathakali artist Vardanunni (Indrajith) who joins the underworld to take revenge on those who killed his family and destroyed his life.
 Early Abstractions is a collection of seven short animated films created by Harry Everett Smith between 1939 and 1956. Each film is between two and six minutes long and is named according to the chronological order in which it was made.
 Women of Twilight is a 1951 play by Sylvia Rayman that became a 1952 film directed by Gordon Parry. The latter starred Freda Jackson René Ray and Lois Maxwell with a screenplay by Anatole de Grunwald. It was the first British film to receive the recently introduced X certificate.
 Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe! (映画! たまごっち うちゅーいちハッピーな物語!? Ēga! Tamagotchi Uchū Ichi Happy na Monogatari!?) is the second Tamagotchi feature film. It was released into Japanese theaters on December 20 2008 and on DVD on June 26 2009. Tamagotchi was later released in France on February 17 2010. The film was a follow up to the movie Tamagotchi: The Movie.
 Rebirth (八日目の蝉 Youkame no Semi) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Izuru Narushima based on author Mitsuyo Kakuta's novel. The film was a critical success winning 11 awards at the 35th Japan Academy Prize including Best Picture Best Director Best Starring Actress Best Supporting Actress and Best Script.
 Pelle viva (Scorched Skin) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Fina.The film entered the 23rd Venice International Film Festival in which it had a special mention. In 2008 it was restored and shown as part of the retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 Karmayogi is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash starring Indrajith Nithya Menon Padmini Kolhapure Saiju Kurup Ashokan Thalaivasal Vijay and Manikuttan. The film is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet. Indrajith plays the protagonist in the film.
 Love and Duty is a 1931 silent film from China directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu and Jin Yan.
 The Grissom Gang is a 1971 American period gangster film directed and produced by Robert Aldrich. The screenplay was by Leon Griffiths based on the novel No Orchids for Miss Blandish by James Hadley Chase. The cinematographer was Joseph Biroc. The cast includes Kim Darby Scott Wilson Tony Musante Robert Lansing Irene Dailey Connie Stevens Wesley Addy Joey Faye and Ralph Waite.
 Big Man Japan (大日本人 Dai Nipponjin) is a 2007 Japanese film written and directed by and starring Hitoshi Matsumoto. It was well received by critics in the U.S. after many months of showings at various festivals and film events.
 Art Deco Detective is a 1994 film directed by Philippe Mora. While investigating the murder of a movie star a detective finds that he himself is being set up for the crime. The detective's full name is Arthur Decowitz but he is known to all as Art Deco - hence the title.
 Happy Ghost (also known as The Happy Ghost) is a 1984 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko. Produced and written by Raymond Wong the film stars Wong and May Lo.
 The Drifter is a 1917 Western film released by Universal Pictures starring Harry Carey.
 Time is the thirteenth feature film by South Korean director Kim Ki-duk. It premiered at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival on June 30 2006.
 Legal Eagles is a 1986 legal thriller written and directed by Ivan Reitman and starring Robert Redford Debra Winger and Daryl Hannah.
 Africa segreta is an Italian documentary film released in 1969.
 Mr. Belvedere Goes to College is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Elliott Nugent. The screenplay written by Mary Loos Mary C. McCall Jr. and Richard Sale was based on characters created by Gwen Davenport. The film focuses on prickly genius Lynn Belvedere (Clifton Webb) who enrolls in a major university with the intention of obtaining a four year degree in only one year.
 Neti Siddhartha is a 1990 Telugu action film directed by Kranthi Kumar. The film stars Nagarjuna and Shobana.
 Aftershock is a 2010 Chinese drama film directed by Feng Xiaogang and produced by Huayi Brothers starring Xu Fan Zhang Jingchu Chen Daoming Lu Yi Zhang Guoqiang and Li Chen. The film depicts the aftermath of the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. It was released in China on 22 July 2010 and is the first big commercial film IMAX film created outside the United States. The film was a major box office success and has grossed more than US$100 million at the Chinese box office.
 The Lonedale Operator is a 1911 short American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and written by Mack Sennett for the Biograph Company. The plot of the film involves a girl who takes over a telegraph station after her father takes ill. After the payroll for the town's mine is delivered two drifters try to steal the money. Their robbery is foiled because the girl is able to telegraph for help and then hold the would be robbers off until help arrives.
 La Vispa Teresa(English: Lively Teresa) is a 1939 Italian black and white short film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
 Vincent is a 1982 stop-motion short horror film written designed and directed by Tim Burton and produced by Rick Heinrichs. At approximately six minutes in length there is currently no individual release of the film except for a few bootleg releases.
 Missile X – Geheimauftrag Neutronenbombe is a 1978 German/Italian/Spanish international co-production Eurospyadventure film directed by Leslie H. Martinson. It stars Peter Graves and Curd Jürgens. The translated title is Missile X: The Neutron Bomb Incident. It is also known in the USA as Teheran Incident. It was released on home video in the early 1980s as Cruise Missile.
 Killer Condom (original title Kondom des Grauens (English: Condom of Horror)) is a 1996 German horror comedy directed by Martin Walz. It is based on the comic book of the same name by Ralf König.It was distributed in the United States by Troma Entertainment.Tagline: The rubber that rubs YOU out!
 One Law for Both is a 1917 silent film directed by Ivan Abramson.
 Donga Dongadi is a 2004 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Subramaniam Siva produced by NV Prasad and Sanam Naga Ashok Kumar under Sri Saideva Productions banner and starring Manoj Manchu and Sadha in lead roles. The film soundtrack was composed by Dhina and Cinematography was handled by Ajay Vincent. Dialogues of the movie were written by popular writer Chintapalli Ramana. This film marks the debut of Manoj Manchu as a leading actor.
 72 Heroes is a 2011 Chinese historical drama film directed by Hong Kong film director Derek Chiu based on the story of the 72 Martyrs who sacrificed their lives in the Second Guangzhou Uprising.
 Tora-san's Dear Old Home (男はつらいよ 柴又慕情 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Shibamata Bōjō) aka Tora-san's New Romance is a 1972 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Sayuri Yoshinaga as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Dear Old Home is the ninth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series and the first to employ an opening dream-sequence which became a standard feature of the series.
 Theater of Life (人生劇場 Jinsei Gekijō) is a 1983 film directed by Kinji Fukasaku Sadao Nakajima and Junya Satō.
 Storytelling is a 2001 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz. It features original music by Belle & Sebastian later compiled on an album of the same name. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anche gli angeli tirano di destro (also known as Charleston) is a 1974 Italian action comedy film written and directed by Enzo Barboni. The film is the sequel of Even Angels Eat Beans with Ricky Bruch (at his debut) who replaced Bud Spencer as Giuliano Gemma's support.
 The Crystal Ball is a 1943 film directed by Elliott Nugent. It stars Ray Milland and Paulette Goddard.
 The Vintage is a 1957 crime drama film made by MGM and directed by Jeffrey Hayden. The screenplay was written by Michael Blankfort based on a novel by Ursula Keir. The film stars Pier Angeli Mel Ferrer John Kerr Michèle Morgan and Theodore Bikel.
 The Feathered Serpent (also titled Charlie Chan in the Feathered Serpent) is a 1948 mystery film the fifth of six in which Roland Winters portrayed Charlie Chan. It is the only Chan film which featured both Keye Luke and Victor Sen Yung together. Luke had been popular in the Warner Oland Chan films while Yung appeared primarily in the Sidney Toler Chan movies. This was Yung's last Chan movie. Luke appeared in one more with Roland Winters the last of the Chan films Sky Dragon.
 Linnaisten vihreä kamari is a Finnish film from 1945 directed by Valentin Vaala. Mixed with elements of horror and romance it is based on an 1880 novel Linnaisten kartanon viheriä kamari by Zachris Topelius.The film represents the style of pure escapism with its mansion settings filled with romances wrong identities and centuries-old secrets.
 Spooks: The Greater Good is an upcoming British spy film continuing from the British spy series Spooks (known as MI-5 in some countries) which aired on BBC One from 2002 to 2011. Jonathan Brackley and Sam Vincent wrote the script for the film with Bharat Nalluri directing the film. Peter Firth reprises his role as Harry Pearce who appeared in all ten series of the programme. Kit Harington and Jennifer Ehle also star.
 Laila Majnu is a 1976 Hindi movie based on the legendary story of Layla and Majnun. This film version is directed by Harnam Singh Rawail ( H.S. Rawail) and stars Rishi Kapoor Ranjeeta Danny Denzongpa Aruna Irani Asrani Iftekhar Tom Alter and Ranjeet.
 Madhouse is a 1990 comedy film starring Kirstie Alley and John Larroquette.
 Tokyo Lullaby (東京夜曲) is a 1997 Japanese film directed by Jun Ichikawa.
 Delusion is a 1991 American film noir directed by Carl Colpaert.
 Adhikar is a 1986 film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead opposite Tina Munim. This film was the last film of the pair of Rajesh Khanna and Tina Munim. The film had box office collection of 9.25 crores in 1986.In 1992 Ram Awatar Agnihotri wrote that it was in the films Alag Alag and Adhikar both opposite Rajesh Khanna that Tina Munim showed the first sparks of the dedicated actress she would become. Tina regards her performance in this film as her best performance in her career.
 Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Robert Luketic written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith and produced by Marc E. Platt.
 La donna delle meraviglie (Women of wonder in English) is a 1985 Italian film directed by Alberto Bevilacqua and based on a novel with the same name by him.It entered the competition at the 1985 Venice International Film Festival.
 Convoy is a 1940 British war film directed by Pen Tennyson and starring Clive Brook John Clements and Edward Chapman. It was made by Ealing Studios. It was Tennyson's last film before being killed in a plane crash.
 La Orquídea is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Circle of the Sun is a 1960 short documentary film on Kainai Nation or Blood Tribe of Southern Alberta which captured their Sun Dance ritual on film for the first time. Tribal leaders who worried the traditional ceremony might be dying out had permitted filming as a visual record.The film was directed by Colin Low who was from the area. Low's father had been a foreman of the Cochrane Church Ranch in the area southern Alberta and had known many Blood Tribe people since childhood.
 Descendents (also Solos in Chile) is a 2008 Chilean experimental horror film directed by Jorge Olguín written by Carolina García and Olguín and starring Camille Lynch. Lynch plays a young child who attempts to cross a land divided by brutal fights between the military and roving zombies.
 American Psycho 2 is a stand-alone 2002 direct-to-video sequel-spin-off of Mary Harron's 2000 film adaptation of American Psycho. It is directed by Morgan J. Freeman and stars Mila Kunis as Rachael Newman a driven criminology student who is drawn to murder. The film also features William Shatner as a professor.The film was adapted from a script titled The Girl Who Wouldn't Die.
 Cooking with Stella is a film written by siblings Deepa Mehta and Dilip Mehta. The film is a light comedy about a Canadian diplomat (played by Lisa Ray) and her husband (Don McKellar) living in New Delhi and their cook Stella (Seema Biswas). Tamil actress Shriya Saran and Tamil/Telugu Trisha Krishnan make a special appearance.Cooking with Stella was shot on location in New Delhi and entered post-production in May 2008.
 A Woman Between Two Worlds (Italian:Una donna tra due mondi) is a 1936 Italian drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Isa Miranda Assia Noris and Giulio Donadio. The film's sets were designed by art director Hans Ledersteger. It is the Italian version of the German film Die Liebe des Maharadscha. The film larfely takes place in a grand hotel setting.
 Married Flirts was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick Mae Busch and Conrad Nagel directed by Robert Vignola. Julia Ivers wrote the screenplay based on a Louis Joseph Vance best seller Mrs. Paramor. The 'sophisticated' drama was considered quite daring at the time as the story centered around husbands being lured away from wives. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Voice of Silence (Italian: La voce del silenzio French: La Conciencia acusa) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst written by Giuseppe Berto starring Aldo Fabrizi and Jean Marais.
 The Woman in the Rumor (噂の女 Uwasa no onna aka The Crucified Woman also released as Her Mother's Profession) is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi.
 Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty (translation: From Across the Seas Came Along a Certain Matthew) is a 2013 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Ranjith and starring Mammootty in the lead role of an Achayan from Kozhencherry Central Travancore. The cast includes Nedumudi Venu and Balachandra Menon Siddique Harisree Asokan Suresh Krishna P. Balachandran Balachandran Chullikad Prem Prakash Meera Nandan Muthumani Krishna Prabha and Kaviyoor Ponnamma.
 The Champ is a 1979 remake directed by Franco Zeffirelli of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor. It stars Jon Voight Faye Dunaway and Ricky Schroder. It is also the final film for actress Joan Blondell who died from leukemia on Christmas Day eight months later.
 Ace in the Hole is a 1951 American film noir starring Kirk Douglas as a cynical disgraced reporter who stops at nothing to try to regain a job on a major newspaper.It marked a series of firsts for auteur Billy Wilder: it was the first time he was involved in a project as a writer producer and director; his first film following his breakup with long-time writing partner Charles Brackett with whom he had collaborated on The Lost Weekend and Sunset Boulevard among others; and his first film to be a critical and commercial failure.The story is a biting examination of the seedy relationship between the press the news it reports and the manner in which it reports it. 
 Maleyali Jotheyali (Kannada: ಮಳೆಯಲಿ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada-language film that stars Ganesh Anjana Sukhani and Yuvika Chaudhary. It is directed by Preetham Gubbi who also co-wrote the script. Shilpa Ganesh wife of Ganesh produced the film under their production house Golden Movies.
 Life is a 1996 Australian film about life in a section of a prison reserved for those infected with HIV.
 Seda Sulang is a 1955 Sri Lankan romantic musical starring Florida Jayalath and Prem Jayanth.
 A Cry in the Night is a 1956 dramatic thriller film starring Edmond O'Brien Natalie Wood and Raymond Burr.
 Mere Genie Uncle (Hindi:मेरे जिनी अंकल ) is an upcoming Bollywood 3D movie directed by Ashish Bhavsar and produced by Raju Gada. The film stars Tiku Talsania Swati Kapoor Shakti Kapoor Ehsaan Qureshi among many others. The film shoot is complete and is slated to release early next year.
 House of the Living Dead is a British horror and science fiction film made in 1973 by director Ray Austin. Set on a plantation in Apartheid-era South Africa it deals heavily with the occult. Its tagline is It drives you mad before it kills!
 The Dark Stairway is a 1953 British short film about Scotland Yard.
 The Believers is a horror/neo-noir film directed by John Schlesinger released in 1987 and starring Martin Sheen Robert Loggia and Helen Shaver. It is based on the 1982 novel The Religion by Nicholas Conde.
 In the Loop is a 2009 British satirical black comedy directed by Armando Iannucci as a spin-off from the highly successful award-winning BBC Television series The Thick of It. The film satirizes Anglo-American politics in the 21st century and the Invasion of Iraq. It was nominated for the 2010 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. In the film the UK and the U.S. are both on the verge of possibly launching a war in the Middle East.
 L'Entraîneuse (English title: Nightclub Hostess) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Albert Valentin. The screenplay was written by Charles Spaak. The film stars Michèle Morgan Gilbert Gil Gisèle Préville Jeanne Lion and Fréhel.It tells the story of a hostess/call-girl who falls in love with a rich friend whose father had tried to pick her up at the club.
 Vietnam War Story II is a 1988 film that was released direct-to-video. The film consists of three 30 minute segments each filmed by a different director. The first segment stars Wesley Snipes as a young soldier in the Vietnam War. The film was based on the television series Vietnam War Story. The films directors are David Burton Morris Jack Sholder and Michael Toshiyuki Uno.
 John Lurie and the Lounge Lizards Live in Berlin 1991 is a 1992 documentary concert film directed and shot by Garret Linn. It was the director's first feature and was filmed in Super16. It was shown at The Water Reade Theater in New York City and was part of the Berlin Film Festival in 1992 (nytimes cit and BFF cite)
 3 Hari Untuk Selamanya (Three Days to Forever) is a 2007 Indonesian comedy-drama film directed by Riri Riza. The story is about a young man and a woman who drive from Jakarta to Jogjakarta.
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1920 horror silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount/Artcraft. The film is based upon Robert Louis Stevenson's novella The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and starring actor John Barrymore.The film was directed by John S. Robertson and co-starred Nita Naldi. The scenario was by Clara Beranger and the film is now in the public domain.This story of split personality has Dr.
 Days of Wine and Roses is a 1962 film directed by Blake Edwards with a screenplay by JP Miller adapted from his own 1958 Playhouse 90 teleplay of the same name.The movie was produced by Martin Manulis with music by Henry Mancini and features Jack Lemmon Lee Remick Charles Bickford and Jack Klugman.
 Rhodes of Africa is a 1936 British biographical film charting the life of Cecil Rhodes. It was directed by Berthold Viertel and starred Walter Huston Oskar Homolka Basil Sydney and Bernard Lee.
 Infobox Film name = After This Our Exile director = Patrick Tam producer = Li-kuang ChiuEric TsangYu Dong written = Patrick Tam[[Kai-Leong Tian] screenplay] starring = Aaron KwokCharlie YeungGouw Ian Iskandar music = Robert Ellis-Geiger editing = Patrick Tam cinematography = Pin Bing Lee budget = HKD 20000000 (estimated)After This Our Exile (父子 literally Father-Son) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Tam.
 D-War (Korean: 디워) is a 2007 South Korean fantasy action film released in North America as Dragon Wars: D-War and D-War: Dragon Wars in Malaysia as War of the Dragons and sometimes referred to colloquially and in some marketing materials as Dragon Wars. It is written and directed by Shim Hyung-rae. This was Korea's largest-budgeted film as of 2007.
 The Ballad of G.I. Joe is a musical comedy parody short film released in 2009 on the website Funny or Die. Written by Daniel Strange and Kevin Umbricht it spoofs several characters from G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero by showing what they do in their spare time.
 Divergence (Chinese: 三岔口; pinyin: San cha kou; Cantonese Yale: Saam cha hau) is a 2005 Hong Kong action-crime film produced and directed by Benny Chan from a screenplay by Ivy Ho. The film stars Aaron Kwok Ekin Cheng and Daniel Wu.
 Anandache Jhaad is a Marathi film released on 13 October 2006. The film has been directed by Sanjay Surkar and produced by Smita Talwalkar. The plot of the film revolves around a family who live in their dreams and their daughter in law who steps up when the family needs a realist the most.
 The First Circle (Russian: В круге первом V kruge pervom) is a 2006 Russian miniseries directed by Gleb Panfilov with ten 44-minute episodes. It is based on The First Circle the novel written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn based on his experiences in Joseph Stalin's gulags.The series was first broadcast in the Russia on RTR-Russia on January 29 2006.
 Subway Stories: Tales from the Underground was a film made in 1997 and produced by Home Box Office for television. It began as a contest among New Yorkers who submitted stories about their experiences within the New York City Subway. HBO picked ten of the stories and cast mostly well-known or accomplished actors (such as Denis Leary George T.
 Mile Post 398 is a 2007 independent drama film written directed and produced by Shonie and Andee De La Rosa it is also the first featured film in cinema history that an all-Navajo team wrote produced directed filmed and starred in.Filmed almost entirely in Kayenta Arizona as well as in several other locations in the surrounding region (Black Mesa Chinle Many Farms and Tsegi). It was an official selection of the American Indian Film Festival and Monument Valley Film Festival.
 Wolves of the North is a 1924 Northern drama film serial directed by and starring William Duncan. This serial is considered to be a lost film.
 Kan Simittum Neram (English: Eye blink's time) is a 1988 Tamil language thriller film directed by Kalaivanan Kannadasan. The film features Karthik Ambika and R. Sarathkumar in lead roles and was released on 13 April 1988. The film marks R. Sarathkumar debut in Tamil cinema.This film was remade in Hindi as Sailaab starring Aditya Pancholi and Madhuri Dixit.
 Exit Speed is an action-drama film by Sabbatical Pictures. The film was directed by Scott Ziehl and stars Desmond Harrington Julie Mond Lea Thompson Alice Greczyn David Rees Snell and Fred Ward. This 90 minute action film was shown in Cannes in 2008. The film was made in the Dallas Texas area where it premiered. It was released to theaters in the Southwest in September 2008.
 Killer Fish is an Italian-Brazilian horror movie directed by Antonio Margheriti in 1978. The film like many monster movies of the 1970s and 1980s is very similar to Jaws.[citation needed]
 Dreamz is a Malayalam film released in the year 2000. The film stars Suresh Gopi Meena Abbas Rahman and others. The movie is directed by Shajoon Kariyal and produced by Kerala Pictures. The music is by Vidyasagar.
 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes; or Held for Ransom was a 1905 American silent film directed by J. Stuart Blackton for Vitagraph Studios. It was the second film based on Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes stories following the 1900 Mutoscope trick film Sherlock Holmes Baffled and is usually regarded as the first attempt to film a serious Holmes adaptation.
 The Image of Bruce Lee was originally released in Hong Kong as Meng nan da zei yan zhi hu (International English title: Storming Attacks) although the Bruceploitation title was added for its American release. [1]It is a contemporary (1970s) action film about Bruce Li as a special agent who teams with a Hong Kong police officer to crack a smuggling ring (among the smugglers: Bolo Yeung).
 Hum Tum Shabana is a 2011 Indian comedy and romance film. It stars Tusshar Kapoor Shreyas Talpade and Minissha Lamba in lead roles.
 Every Blessed Day (Italian: Tutti i santi giorni) is a 2012 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Paolo Virzì.
 Faith Fraud & Minimum Wage is a 2010 comedy film adaption of Canadian playwright Josh MacDonald's play Halo. The film is directed by George Mihalka and stars Callum Keith Rennie and Martha MacIsaac.
 A Man Apart is a 2003 U.S. vigilante film directed by F. Gary Gray and released by New Line Cinema. The film stars Vin Diesel and Larenz Tate. The story follows undercover DEA agent Sean Vetter who is on a vendetta to take down a mysterious drug lord named Diablo after his wife is murdered. The film was released in the United States on April 4 2003.
 The Window to Luna Park (Italian: La finestra sul Luna Park) is a 1957 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Kitchen (Chinese: 我愛廚房; pinyin: Wo ai chu fang) is a 1997 Hong Kong drama film directed by Yim Ho. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rag Doll released in the US as Young Willing and Eager is a 1961 British B-movie crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring actor and singer Jess Conrad. The film gained a new audience in the 2000s in response to Conrad's elevation to cult status as a purveyor of late-1950s and early-1960s pre-Beatles British kitsch and received a Region 2 DVD release in 2009 in a double bill with Comfort's 1962 film The Painted Smile.
 Classe Tous Risques (Consider All Risks first released in the U.S. as The Big Risk) is a 1960 French Italian International co-production black-and-white gangster film directed by Claude Sautet and starring Lino Ventura Jean-Paul Belmondo and Sandra Milo. Now widely considered a masterpiece at the time of its release it was somewhat overshadowed by the French New Wave. It did however influence the French cinema especially Jean-Pierre Melville's work.
 Devil Dog Dawson is a 1921 silent film American western directed by Karl R. Coolidge and starring Jack Hoxie Helene Rosson and Evelyn Selbie. It was produced by Unity Photoplays and released on the states-rights market by Arrow Film Corp.The film is considered lost. The only surviving footage from this film - 38 seconds worth - was found in a mislabeled tin by a collector in Ohio. The title marked on the tin was Dangerous Hour - Eddie Polo.
 Chehre Pe Chehra is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Raj Tilak. It stars Sanjeev Kumar Vinod Mehra Shatrughan Sinha Rekha and Sulakshana Pandit in pivotal roles.
 Partly Cloudy is a Pixar CGI animated short film written and directed by Peter Sohn and produced by Kevin Reher. It was shown in theaters before Pixar's feature film Up and is a special feature on its DVD and Blu-ray release. It was included in the Animation Show of Shows in 2009.In a CGSociety article Sohn says his idea for the film came from watching Dumbo as a child: in the movie a stork delivers Dumbo leading a young Sohn to wonder where the birds got their babies from.
 Mr. Mom is a 1983 American comedy-drama film directed by Stan Dragoti and written by John Hughes about a stay-at-home dad. The film stars Michael Keaton Teri Garr Jeffrey Tambor Christopher Lloyd and Martin Mull.
 Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 drama thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King starring Kathy Bates and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It was directed by Taylor Hackford.
 Beauty and the Beast (French: La Belle et la Bête) is a 1946 French romantic fantasy film adaptation of the traditional fairy tale of the same name written by Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont and published in 1757 as part of a fairy tale anthology (Le Magasin des Enfants ou Dialogues entre une sage gouvernante et ses élèves London 1757).
 Aishwarya (Kannada: ಐಶ್ವರ್ಯ) is a 2006 Kannada movie starring Upendra Daisy Bopanna and introducing Deepika Padukone. The movie was directed by Indrajit Lankesh. It was a remake of hit Telugu movie Manmadhudu. The film featured Upendra as a rich advertisement executive and changed his mass image into a classy one. The film was a commercial success and was among the top 5 hit films of 2006.
 Haseena Maan Jayegi is a 1968 Hindi movie directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Babita Ameeta Yunus Parvez and Johnny Walker. The film's music composed by Kalyanji Anandji has songs which are quite memorable with the melodious Lata-Rafi duet 'Bekhudi Mein Sanam' being the most popular of them all. Prakash Mehra made his debut with this film.
 Anokhi Raat (Strange Night) is a 1968 Hindi film produced by L. B. Lachman and L. B. Thakur and directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Zaheeda Hussain Aruna Irani Keshto Mukherjee and Parikshat Sahni. It has music by Salil Choudhary and Roshan. The film has some outstanding songs that include Oh re taal mile Mahalon ka raja mila Mile na phool to and Dulhan se tumhara milan hoga.
 King of Beggars is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film directed by Gordon Chan starring Stephen Chow Sharla Cheung Ng Man-tat and Norman Tsui. The story is loosely based on legends about the martial artist Su Can (better known as Beggar So) who lived in the late Qing Dynasty and was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.
 Antha is a 1981 Indian Kannada film directed by S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu. The film stars Ambareesh Lakshmi and Latha in lead roles. The film went on become a huge success and is viewed as a milestone in Ambareesh's career.
 Le cave se rebiffe French: The Counterfeiters of Paris is a French comedy film from 1961 directed by Gilles Grangier written by Michel Audiard starring Jean Gabin Bernard Blier and Martine Carol. The Counterfeiters of Paris
 Memento Mori (Hangul: 여고괴담 두번째 이야기; RR: Yeogogoedam dubeonchae iyagi; also known as Whispering Corridors 2: Memento Mori) is a 1999 South Korean horror film and the second installment of the Whispering Corridors film series. It is a sequel to 1998's Whispering Corridors and is also set in an all-girls high school but the films are otherwise unrelated. Memento Mori was one of the first Korean commercial films to depict lesbian characters.
 Beqabu is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by N. Chandra and starring Sanjay Kapoor and Mamta Kulkarni.
 Yamanam is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Bharath Gopi and starring Archana Santha Devi Syama and Nedumudi Venu.
 Vasanthakala Paravai is a 1991 Tamil language drama film directed by Pavithran. The film features Ramesh Aravind Shali and Sarath Kumar in lead roles. The film produced by K. T. Kunjumon had musical score by Deva and was released on 19 September 1991.
 Tokyo-Ga is a 1985 documentary film (shot in spring 1983) directed by Wim Wenders ostensibly about filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu. The film ranges from explicit focus on Ozu's filmmaking—Wenders interviews Ozu’s regular cinematographer Yuharu Atsuta and one of Ozu’s favorite actors Chishu Ryu—to scenes of contemporary Tokyo such as pachinko and plastic food displays. Wenders introduces the film as a diary on film. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ente Veedu Appuvinteyum is 2003 family drama film in Malayalam language directed by Sibi Malayil and starring Jayaram Jyothirmayi and Kalidasan. The film was remade in Tamil as Kannadi Pookal.
 Mayan Renaissance is a 2012 American documentary film by director Dawn Engle about the Maya peoples of Guatemala and Central America.
 Amistad is a 1997 historical drama film directed by Steven Spielberg based on the notable mutiny in 1839 by newly captured Mende slaves who took control of the ship La Amistad off the coast of Cuba and the international legal battle that followed their capture by a U.S. revenue cutter. It became a United States Supreme Court case of 1841.Morgan Freeman Nigel Hawthorne Anthony Hopkins Djimon Hounsou and Matthew McConaughey had starring roles.
 Blue Gold: World Water Wars is a 2008 documentary film by Sam Bozzo based on the book Blue Gold: The Fight to Stop the Corporate Theft of the World’s Water by Maude Barlow and Tony Clarke.It was produced by Mark Achbar and Si Litvinoff and was narrated by Malcolm McDowell. The film was first screened on October 9 2008 at the Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Chatrapathy is a Tamil language film directed by Srimahesh. The film features R. Sarathkumar and Nikita Thukral in lead roles whilst Vadivelu Mahadevan and Rajesh play supporting roles. The film was released in February 2004 and later re-released in Hindi under the dubbed title of The Great Chatrapathy.
 The Hit List (2012) is an Indian action film written directed and produced by Bala. The film simultaneously made in Kannada and Malayalam languages marks the directorial debut of actor-producer Bala. Dhruv and Aishwarya Devan play the lead roles in Kannada while Aiswarya Devan pairs with Bala himself in the Malayalam version. Unni Mukundan appears in a guest role.
 SING*ularity (also known as OperaWorks) is an independent documentary film produced and directed by Brad Mays and co-produced by Lorenda Starfelt at LightSong Films in North Hollywood.Deriving its title from Shakespeare's Twelfth Night - put thyself into the trick of singularity - SING*ularity portrays the unique training approach of OperaWorks an intense training program in Northridge California for opera singers founded by Ann Baltz in which the entire body is engaged.
 Mixed and Fixed is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Halliday Brand is a 1957 American Western film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Joseph Cotten.
 Three Roses is a 2003 Tamil action film directed by Parameswar featuring Rambha who produced the film along with Jyothika and Laila in the lead roles. The film also featured Vivek Urvashi and Rekha Vedavyas in supporting roles while Karthik Raja composed the music and Rajarajan handled the camera. The film took two years to complete production and the eventual delayed release was met with a poor response from critics and at the box office.
 Exotica is a 1994 Canadian film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club in Toronto Canada. It was written and directed by Atom Egoyan. Music used includes Montagues and Capulets.
 Laserblast is a 1978 American science fiction film about an unhappy teenage loner who discovers an alien laser cannon and goes on a murderous rampage seeking revenge against those who he feels have wronged him. The low-budget film was directed by Michael Rae and produced by Charles Band who is widely known for producing B movies.
 De Londres llegó un tutor is a 1958 Argentine film.
 In the Bedroom is a 2001 American crime drama film directed by Todd Field and dedicated to Andre Dubus whose short story Killings is the source material on which the screenplay by Field and Robert Festinger is based. The film stars Tom Wilkinson Sissy Spacek Nick Stahl Marisa Tomei and William Mapother.The title refers to the rear compartment of a lobster trap known as the bedroom and the fact that it can only hold up to two lobsters before they begin to turn on each other.
 The Man in Half Moon Street (1945) (remade in 1959 by Hammer Films as The Man Who Could Cheat Death) is a fantasy film dealing with a man who retains his youth and cannot die living throughout the ages. It bears some comparison to Oscar Wilde's Picture of Dorian Gray except that there are more logical explanations for the eternal youth of the main character. The film is based on a play by Barré Lyndon and stars Nils Asther and Helen Walker with direction by Ralph Murphy.
 Matzor (Hebrew: מצור‎ translit. Siege) is a 1969 Israeli film directed by Italian director Gilberto Tofano. It involves the theme of a widowed mother (actress Gila Almagor) her lover (actor Dahn Ben Amotz) and ex-husband friend (actor Yehoram Gaon). It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Kingdom Chums: Little David's Adventure (onscreen title: Kingdom Chums) is a 1986 television special inspired by the Biblical tale of David and Goliath and originally broadcast on the ABC network in the United States. In the special three schoolchildren from the real world are transported into the world of the Bible with the help of three magical stuffed animals.
 A Fistful of Death (Italian: Giù la testa... hombre ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Klaus Kinski.
 Strastnoy Boulevard (Russian: Strastnoy bulvar) is a 1999 Russian drama film directed by Vladimir Khotinenko. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Mention.
 Del suelo no paso is a 1959 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 New Jersey: The Movie is a 2009 American award-winningdocumentary film written and directed by Steve Chernoski. The film examines the cultural divide that exists in the state of New Jersey between North and South.It was released on DVD in February 2010.The film was produced by Alena Kruchkova and edited by Andrei Litvinov.
 The Corsican Brothers is a 1941 swashbuckler film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. in a dual role as the title Siamese twins separated at birth and raised in completely different circumstances. Both thirst for revenge against the man who killed their parents (played by Akim Tamiroff) both fall in love with the same woman (portrayed by Ruth Warrick).
 The Killing is a 1956 film noir produced by James B. Harris and directed by Stanley Kubrick. It was written by Kubrick and Jim Thompson and based on the novel Clean Break by Lionel White. The drama features Sterling Hayden Coleen Gray Vince Edwards Marie Windsor and Elisha Cook Jr.
 Gumshoe is a 1971 film and was the directorial debut of British director Stephen Frears.Written by local author Neville Smith who appears as Arthur the film is set in Liverpool with Albert Finney playing the role of Eddie Ginley. Ginley is a bingo-caller and occasional club comedian who dreams of being a private eye of the kind he knows from films and pulp novels.
 Ek Din Achanak (Hindi: एक दिन अचानक English: Suddenly One Day) is a 1989 art film directed by Mrinal Sen based on a Bengali novel Beej by Ramapada Chowdhury.
 Heliopolis is a 2009 Egyptian independent musical documentary film by Ahmad Abdalla that tells the story of a group of young people during a winter day in the Cairo suburb of Heliopolis. Heliopolis is Ahmad Abdalla's debut feature film and starring Khaled Abol Naga.
 Life Is Beautiful is a 2012 Telugu film written produced and directed by Sekhar Kammula. The film stars six newcomers with Shriya Saran Anjala Zaveri and Amala Akkineni in key roles. The movie was jointly produced by Sekhar Kammula and Chandrasekhar Kammula under Amigos Creations banner. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer and the cinematography was handled by Vijay C. Kumar.
 Three Young Texans is a 1954 Western starring Jeffrey Hunter.
 Adharvam (Malayalam: അഥര്‍വം) is a 1989 Malayalam drama film directed by Dennis Joseph and written by Shibu Chakravarthy; starring Mammootty Ganesh Kumar Charuhasan Silk Smitha Thilakan and Parvathy in the main roles. Mammootty played the role of Anantha Padmanabhan an expert in mystic tantric rituals. The songs and background score of the movie was by Ilaiyaraaja.
 Antz is a 1998 American computer animated adventure comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by DreamWorks Pictures. It features the voices of well-known actors such as Woody Allen Sharon Stone Jennifer Lopez Sylvester Stallone Dan Aykroyd Anne Bancroft Gene Hackman Christopher Walken and Danny Glover as various members of an ant society.
 The Daring Years is 1923 American silent melodrama directed by Kenneth Webb and produced by Daniel Carson Goodman. The film starred Mildred Harris Clara Bow Charles Emmett Mack and Tyrone Power Sr.. The film is now considered lost.
 Stepping Out is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo. The survival status of the film is not known suggesting that it may be a lost film.
 Not to be confused with John Wayne's 1935 film The New FrontierNew Frontier is a 1939 American film starring John Wayne Ray Crash Corrigan Raymond Hatton and Jennifer Jones. This was the last of eight Three Mesquiteers Western B-movies with Wayne (there were fifty-one altogether).
 Ureme 7: The Return of Ureme is the seventh in the Ureme series of Korean children's science-fiction films.After his break from the series in The Third Generation Uremae 6 Shim Hyung-rae returned to star in this installment of the saga. Usual director Kim Cheong-gi did not direct this time however but did serve as producer and writer.
 L'Enfer (Hell) is a 1994 French film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was adapted by Chabrol from the screenplay by Henri-Georges Clouzot for the unfinished film L'Enfer which Clouzot began shooting in 1964 but was unable to complete. The producer of Chabrol's film was Marin Karmitz and the leading actors were Emmanuelle Béart and François Cluzet.
 Hope (Polish: Nadzieja German: Hoffnung) is a 2007 German-Polish drama film directed by Stanisław Mucha. It was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Kinatay (English: Butchered) is a 2009 Filipino independent drama film directed by Brillante Mendoza and stars Coco Martin as a criminology student who accidentally joined a syndicate to make enough money for his family. The film competed in the main competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival. It is the second film of Mendoza to make it to Cannes the first one is Serbis (2008)This film was included in the 2009 Cinemalaya Film Festival.
 Kitchen Stories (Norwegian: Salmer fra Kjøkkenet) is a 2003 Norwegian film by Bent Hamer.
 Louis and the Nazis is a British documentary that was televised on 21 December 2003. It was directed by Stuart Cabb and written by Louis Theroux. The documentary ran for 80 minutes.Louis travels to California to meet the man dubbed the most dangerous racist in America Tom Metzger. Louis meets him his family and his publicity manager as well as following him to skinhead rallies and on a visit to Mexico.
 Turn Left Turn Right (Chinese: 向左走·向右走; pinyin: Xiàng zuǒ zǒu xiàng yòu zǒu; Cantonese Yale: Heung joh chow heung yau chow) is a 2003 joint Hong Kong-Singaporean romance film filmed in Taipei Taiwan. Produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai the film stars Takeshi Kaneshiro and Gigi Leung. The story is based on the illustrated book A Chance of Sunshine by Taiwanese author Jimmy Liao who makes a cameo appearance with his wife and daughter in the film.
 Tricky Dicks is the 147th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Come Blow Your Horn is a 1963 American comedy film starring Frank Sinatra directed by Bud Yorkin with a screenplay by Norman Lear and based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon.
 Carla's Song (1996) is a British movie directed by Ken Loach with screenplay by Paul Laverty.Set in 1987 it tells the story of the relationship between a Scottish bus driver George Lennox (Robert Carlyle) and Carla (Oyanka Cabezas) a Nicaraguan woman living in exile in Glasgow. Searching for her past (her family and boyfriend) Carla returns to war-torn Nicaragua with George into the thick of the U.S. sponsored Contra insurgency against the Sandinistas.
 The Three Sisters is a 1966 film directed by Paul Bogart. It stars Geraldine Page and Shelley Winters and is based on the play by Anton Chekhov.
 Dolemite is a 1975 blaxploitation feature film and is also the name of its principal character played by Rudy Ray Moore who co-wrote the film and its soundtrack.
 American Faust: From Condi to Neo-Condi is a documentary film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart that portrays the life and career of former US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
 Adikkurippu is a 1989 Malayalam-language legal thriller film written by S. N. Swamy and directed by K. Madhu. It stars Mammootty in the lead role who plays the role of an advocate.
 For the 1915 film version of the Hall Caine novel see The Eternal City (1915 film).The Eternal City (1923) is a silent film directed by George Fitzmaurice from a script by Ouida Bergère based on a Hall Caine novel starring Barbara La Marr Lionel Barrymore and Bert Lytell.The film was produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions distributed by Associated First National and was a remake of The Eternal City (1915) starring Pauline Frederick.
 Purab Aur Paschim (English: East and West) is a 1970 Indian film. The movie was produced and directed by Manoj Kumar and it stars Manoj Kumar Saira Banu Ashok Kumar Pran and Prem Chopra in the lead roles. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. The 2007 film Namastey London is inspired from this film.This was the second film by Manoj Kumar where he stars as Bharat (first being Upkar) and his fourth film on patriotism (Shaheed was his first to be followed by Roti Kapda Aur Makaan and Kranti.)
 She Was the Other is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Girl the Gold Watch and Dynamite is a 1981 made for television film starring Philip MacHale and Lee Purcell. The film is a sequel to the 1980 telefilm The Girl the Gold Watch & Everything which was an adaptation of the John D. MacDonald novel The Girl the Gold Watch & Everything.
 Vandae Maatharam is a 2010 Indian bilingual action film directed by Tamil director T. Aravind. The film features Mammootty in the lead role and Arjun Sneha in supporting roles along with Shraddha Arya Rajkapoor Nassar Jai Akash Jagadish Deepak J. D. and Rajan P. Dev. The film was simultaneously made and released in Malayalam and Tamil and was later dubbed in Telugu.
 Outpost in Morocco is a 1949 drama directed by Robert Florey starring George Raft and Marie Windsor. Paul Gerard (George Raft) a Moroccan Spahi officer and his French Foreign Legion garrison holds off attacks from the native tribes of the Emir of Bel-Rashad (Eduard Franz) the father of Cara (Marie Windsor) the woman he loves. As a rarity amongst American films of the Foreign Legion genre the Legion cooperated with the producers. A second unit led by Robert Rossen filmed scenes in Morocco.
 The Sentimental Swordsman is a 1977 Hong Kong wuxia film written and directed by Chor Yuen and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. It stars Ti Lung Derek Yee Ching Li Yueh Hua Fan Mei-sheng and Ku Feng. The film is based on Duoqing Jianke Wuqing Jian of Gu Long's Xiaoli Feidao Series of novels.It was one of Shaw Brothers' highest grossing films in the studio's history and it was followed by a sequel Return of the Sentimental Swordsman in 1981.
 Empress Wu Tse-Tien (Chinese: 武則天 translit. Wu Ze Tian) is a 1963 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han Hsiang about the life of Empress Wu Zetian. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jiraiya the Hero is a 1921 Japanese silent short film directed by Shōzō Makino. The film is also known as Gōketsu Jiraiya (豪傑児雷也 original title).
 Suraj (Hindi: सूरज; Urdu: سورج‎; translation: sun) is a 1997 Hindi movie produced by Narottam V. Purohit and directed by T L V Prasad. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty Ayesha Jhulka Puneet Issar Mohan Joshi Rakesh Bedi Reema Lagoo Hemant Birje and Suresh Oberoi.
 The Spanish Prisoner is a 1997 American suspense film written and directed by David Mamet and starring Campbell Scott Steve Martin Rebecca Pidgeon Ben Gazzara Felicity Huffman and Ricky Jay. The film tells the story of an elaborate confidence game known as the Spanish Prisoner.In 1999 the film was nominated by the Mystery Writers of America for the Edgar Award for Best Motion Picture Screenplay but lost out to Steven Soderbergh's Out of Sight.
 Embrujada is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Armando Bó.
 Chitralekha is a 1964 historical-philosophical Hindi film directed by Kidar Sharma starring Ashok Kumar Meena Kumari and Pradeep Kumar. It was based on 1934 Hindi novel by the same name by Bhagwati Charan Verma about Bijgupta serving under the Maurya Empire and the king Chandragupta Maurya (340 BCE – 298 BCE) and his love for courtesan Chitralekha.
 Village of Dreams (絵の中のぼくの村 E no naka no boku no mura) is a 1996 Japanese drama film directed by Yoichi Higashi. It is the story of two Japanese twin brothers growing up in post-war rural Japan. The film won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Orange Winter is a 2007 feature documentary by an independent Ukrainian-American filmmaker Andrei Zagdansky. The documentary deals with the fraudulent presidential election in Ukraine in November 2004 and ensuing days of mass protest known as the Orange Revolution. In the center of the film are not the political figures but the Maidan literally square or forum in Ukrainian the impromptu community of orange clad protesters.
 To Trap a Kidnapper (誘拐報道) is a 1982 Japanese film directed by Shunya Itō.
 Nearly a King is a 1916 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. John Barrymore stars in a story written for the screen. Barrymore's first wife Katherine Corri Harris makes her screen debut with him in this picture. Frederick Thomson directed and this is now a lost film.One of the earliest screen appearances of a young Adolphe Menjou just 25 years old.
 Gamers: The Movie (or simply Gamers) is an independent 2006 mockumentary film written directed and produced by Chris Folino.
 The Center of the World is an American film directed by Wayne Wang which was digitally shot and released in 2001. It stars Peter Sarsgaard as a Dot-com millionaire who hires a drummer/stripper (Molly Parker) to stay with him in Las Vegas for three days for US$10000. The film was screened out of competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Keep Not Silent (Hebrew: את שאהבה נפשי‎ Et Sheaava Nafshi) is a 2004 documentary film by Israeli director Ilil Alexander about three lesbians in Jerusalem.Lesbianism is generally viewed as forbidden in Orthodox Judaism (see Homosexuality and Judaism). In Jerusalem a number of Orthodox Jewish lesbians formed a group called OrthoDykes for mutual support and to learn the relevant issues in Jewish law. The film describes lives of three of them.
 The Master (Turkish: Usta) is a 2009 Turkish drama film directed by Bahadır Karataş starring Yetkin Dikinciler as a small town car mechanic in who builds a small biplane in his backyard. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on May 8 2009 (2009-05-08) won a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Hasibe Eren at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards.
 Bionicle 2: Legends of Metru Nui is the second film in the Bionicle series and is a prequel to Bionicle: Mask of Light. This movie follows the 2004 storyline and was created using Lego elements from the Bionicle series and was released as a direct-to-DVD. It is also the last film in the franchise to be given a rating by the MPAA.
 Sirens is a 1999 crime-drama TV film starring Dana Delany. Premiered September 26 1999 on Showtime Networks.
 I giorni più belli (Italian: The Best Days or The Most Beautiful Days) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Franco Interlenghi.
 For the general given name see Candida (given name).Cándida is a 1939 Argentine musical film drama directed by Luis Bayon Herrera. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Juan Carlos Thorry.
 The Tree in a Test Tube (1942) is a short film produced by the U. S. Department of Agriculture and distributed by the U.S. Forest Service featuring Laurel and Hardy with narration read by MGM announcer and producer Pete Smith.
 Pao Chouk Saw is the story of a girl who was once an angel and later became a human for a particular reason. In order to return to her sisters as an angel again she has to live in the human world with regular human beings for 17 whole months. She then ends up falling in love with a regular guy.
 Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble is a 1944 romantic comedy the fourteenth starring Mickey Rooney as Andy Hardy. Andy goes to college but soon gets in trouble with some pretty co-eds.
 King of Thieves is a 2004 movie directed by Ivan Fíla starring Lazar Ristovski Jakov Kultiasov Katharina Thalbach Paulus Manker Birol Ünel and Werner Daehn.
 Queer China ‘Comrade’ China (Chinese: 誌同志; pinyin: zhi tong zhi) directed by Cui Zi’en is a 2008 independent Chinese documentary about homosexuality in China.
 Uproar in Damascus (German: Aufruhr in Damaskus) is a 1939 German thriller film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Brigitte Horney Joachim Gottschalk and Hans Nielsen. It is set during the First World War with German troops battling an Arab uprising led by Lawrence of Arabia and the British. The film was officially honored as artistically valuable (künstlerisch wertvoll)) and having special political value (staatspolitisch wertvoll).
 Kanchhi (Nepali: कान्छी) is a 1984 Nepali film directed by B.S. Thapa and produced by Bhagawan Das Shrestha. The film was a major hit in Nepal.
 Counsel for Crime is a 1937 American crime film directed by John Brahm starring Otto Kruger Douglass Montgomery and Jacqueline Wells.
 Les Lions sont lâchés (US title: The Lions Are Loose) is a 1961 French comedy film directed by Henri Verneuil and written by France Roche and Michel Audiard (dialogue). The music score was by Georges Garvarentz and the cinematography by Christian Matras.It tells the story of three women living in Paris.
 One for the Money is a 2012 American crime comedy film based on Janet Evanovich's 1994 novel of the same name. Directed by Julie Anne Robinson the screenplay was written by Liz Brixius Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith. It stars Katherine Heigl Jason O'Mara Debbie Reynolds Daniel Sunjata and Sherri Shepherd.
 Evan Almighty is a 2007 American religious comedy film and the stand-alone sequel to Bruce Almighty (2003). The film was directed by Tom Shadyac based on the characters created by Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe from the original film and starring Steve Carell as the title character. Morgan Freeman reprised his role as God from the original film. Production of the film began in January 2006.
 Symptomology of a Rock Band: The Case of Crash Test Dummies (1994 Arista/BMG) is a 45-minute video directed by Kris Lefcoe about the band Crash Test Dummies done in the style of a medically oriented rockumentary. It contains the band's music videos interspersed with footage of the band and commentary by various pseudo-professionals.The video is currently out of print.
 Ripley's Game is a 2002 thriller film directed by Liliana Cavani. It is adapted from the 1974 novel of the same name the third in Patricia Highsmith's Ripliad a series of books chronicling the murderous adventures of con artist Tom Ripley. John Malkovich stars as Ripley opposite Dougray Scott and Ray Winstone. Highsmith's novel was previously adapted in 1977 as The American Friend by director Wim Wenders starring Dennis Hopper and Bruno Ganz.
 2012: Supernova is a 2009 direct-to-video science fiction disaster film by The Asylum. The film is a mockbuster of the Columbia Pictures film 2012 which was released a month later. It is the second film in the Asylum's 2012 Trilogy[citation needed] though the films have nothing to do with one-another. The other two films are titled 2012: Doomsday and 2012: Ice Age.
 Dacii (The Dacians) is a 1967 historical drama film about Domitian's Dacian War fought between the Roman empire and the Dacians in AD 87-88. This film was directed by Romanian director Sergiu Nicolaescu. It was released on 31 May 1967 in France. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 La poliziotta (internationally released as Policewoman) is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. For this film Mariangela Melato was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress.
 Bachelor in Paradise is a 1961 Metrocolor romantic comedy film starring Bob Hope and Lana Turner. Directed by Jack Arnold it was written by Valentine Davies and Hal Kanter based on a story by Vera Caspary.It co-stars Paula Prentiss Jim Hutton and Janis Paige.The film won three Laurel awards for Best Comedy Best Comedy Actor (Hope) and song (Bachelor in Paradise music: Henry Mancini and lyrics: Mack David) which was also nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 Death Takes a Holiday is a 1934 romantic drama starring Fredric March Evelyn Venable and Guy Standing based on the Italian play La Morte in Vacanza by Alberto Casella.
 Morel's Invention (Italian: L'invenzione di Morel) is a 1974 Italian science fiction film directed by Emidio Greco and starring Anna Karina. It is based on the novel The Invention of Morel by Adolfo Bioy Casares.
 U2 3D is a 2008 American-produced 3D concert film featuring rock band U2 performing during the Vertigo Tour in 2006. The film contains performances of 14 songs including tracks from How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb (2004) the album supported by the tour. The concert footage includes political and social statements made during the shows. It is the band's second feature film following their 1988 rockumentary Rattle and Hum.
 Al sur de Granada (English title: South from Granada) is a 2003 film written and directed by Fernando Colomo based on the book by Gerald Brenan. Goode stars as Brenan a demobilized soldier who in 1919 rents a house for a year in a village in Alpujarra.Colomo was inspired to make the film after seeing the character of Brenan appear in another film: Carrington about Dora Carrington.
 The Mistress and her Servant (German:Die Herrin und ihr Knecht) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Henny Porten Mary Kid and Fritz Kampers. It was based on the novel of the same title by Georg Engel. The film's art direction was by Franz Schroedter.
 Lafange is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra.
 Speedway is a 1929 silent film about a car racer who clashes with his father also a driver at the Indianapolis Speedway.
 Devdas (Bengali: দেবদাস Debdash) is a 1979 film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novella Devdas. The movie is starred by Soumitra Chatterjee Santu Mukhopadhyay Sumitra Mukherjee and Supriya Choudhury.
 The Pioneers is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. The film is based on the debut novel by Katherine Susannah Prichard which won £250 in a 1915 literary competition. It is considered a lost film.It was later filmed by Raymond Longford as The Pioneers (1926).
 Cherry is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Jeffrey Fine.
 Nick Carter le roi des détectives (1908) is a French silent serial film based on the popular American novels featuring the master-detective Nick Carter. It was directed by Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset for the Éclair company. It was released in six episodes each of which told a complete story but their release was timed at approximately fortnightly intervals to create a sense of continuity with the audience.
 Na Bhuto Na Bhavishyati is an upcoming Hindi language film.The story revolves around Sunder a simple street smart boy who comes from a remote village in UP to Mumbai in search for a job. In Mumbai he is attracted to the glamorous lifestyle of celebrities politicians and the so-called Spiritual Gurus. He gets inspired by these gurus and wants to earn the quick buck and live life king-size which he knows is not possible in a low paying. 9 to 5 job.
 Ethir Kaatru is a 1990 Tamil thriller film directed by Mukta S. Sundar. The film features Karthik and Kanaka in lead roles. The film produced by Muktha Srinivasan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 7 December 1990.
 The Rage (Italian: La Rabbia) is a 2008 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
 Childstar is a 2004 comedy film directed and written (with the help of Michael Goldbach) by Don McKellar. It was screened at several film festivals between September 2004 and July 2005.
 Reloaded is a 2009 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen & Ikechukwu Onyeka starringRamsey Nouah Rita Dominic Desmond Elliot Stephanie Okereke Ini Edo and Nse Ikpe Etim. It received 3 nominations at the 5th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
 Exhibit A is a 2007 British independent film directed by Dom Rotheroe and produced by Darren Bender for Warp Films. The film is an example of the Found footage genre and stars Bradley Cole Brittany Ashworth Angela Forrest and Oliver Lee. It was filmed on location in Yorkshire and Suffolk and released on 1 October 2007 at the Raindance Film Festival. It was the last film that stuntman Roy Alon the world's most prolific stuntman worked on
 Into the Blue is a 2005 American action film starring Paul Walker Jessica Alba Josh Brolin and Scott Caan. The film was directed by Top Gun actor John Stockwell and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures.
 Robot & Frank is a 2012 American film directed by Jake Schreier and written by Christopher Ford. Set in the near future it focuses on Frank Weld an aging jewel thief played by Frank Langella whose son buys him a domestic robot. Resistant at first Frank warms up to the robot when he realizes he can use it to restart his career as a cat burglar. It was the first feature film for both Ford and Schreier and received critical acclaim for its writing production and acting. It won the Alfred P.
 Amrutham Gamaya is a 1987 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by T.Hariharan and produced by P.K.R.Pillai for Shirdhi Sai Creations starring Mohanlal Parvathy Thilakan and Geetha. The film is written by acclaimed Malayalam writer M. T. Vasudevan Nair.
 The Grudge is a 2004 American horror film and the first installment in The Grudge franchise. It is a remake of the Japanese film Ju-on: The Grudge. The film was released in North America on October 22 2004 by Columbia Pictures and was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of the Ju-on series) while Stephen Susco scripted the film. The plot is told through a non-linear sequence of events and includes several intersecting subplots.
 Sundance and the Kid is the American release title of Vivi o preferibilmente morti a 1969 Spaghetti Western comedy directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Giuliano Gemma Nino Benvenuti and Sydne Rome. The film is also known as Sundance Cassidy and Butch the Kid.
 Kameleon 2 is a 2005 Dutch family film with as main characters identical twins Koen van der Donk (Hielke Klinkhamer) and Jos van der Donk (Sietse Klinkhamer) also identical twins born 6 March 1988.It is a sequel of De Schippers van de Kameleon with these same characters and actors.
 The Duty to Remain Silent (German:Die Pflicht zu schweigen) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Marcella Albani Vivian Gibson Angelo Ferrari. It was based on a novel by Fr. W. von Oestéren. The film's art direction was by Max Heilbronner. It premiered on 8 February 1928.
 Abudasse kale is a 1968 Sri Lankan film directed by Kumar Wickremasooriya.
 Children of Jerusalem: Gesho follows a thirteen-year-old Ethiopian boy who was one of 14000 refugees to flee the warring African nation in hopes of finding a better life in the Jewish State of Israel. This 1996 documentary short is one of a five-part series directed by Beverly Shaffer. She explores Israel’s holiest city through the eyes of its children.
 5 Days of War (also known as 5 Days of August) is a 2011 action film by Finnish director Renny Harlin. The story is about the Russia–Georgia war over the Russian-backed breakaway republic of South Ossetia in Georgia including the events leading up to the conflict.The film was released in Georgia as 5 Days of August and in other countries as 5 Days of War and also City on Fire.The film received generally mixed to negative reviews from critics.
 Futurama: Bender's Game is the third of the four direct-to-DVD Futurama films that make up the show's fifth season. It was released on November 4 2008 on DVD and Blu-ray.According to the Beast with a Billion Backs DVD commentary the film which spoofs Dungeons & Dragons was in production when Dungeons & Dragons creator Gary Gygax died. The film contains a post-credits tribute to Gygax in the form of a title card and a clip of him from the episode Anthology of Interest I. Elements of J.
 Sadomania – Hölle der Lust is a 1981 German-Spanish women in prison film directed by Jesús Franco starring Ajita Wilson. It was also released as Hellhole Women Prisoners of the Flesh or Sadomania: The Hell of Passion.
 None but the Lonely Heart is a 1944 film which tells the story of a Cockney teenager who returns home with no ambitions but finds that his family needs him. Adapted by Clifford Odets from the novel by Richard Llewellyn and directed by Odets the movie stars Cary Grant Ethel Barrymore and Barry Fitzgerald. The title of the film is taken from one of Tchaikovsky's best-known songs which is featured in the background music.
 Chuzhi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Christmas In Boston is a 2005 TV film starring Marla Sokoloff and Patrick J. Adams. It first aired in the United States on December 14 2005 on the ABC Family channel's 25 Days of Christmas programming block. It is known in some countries as Instant Message.
 Shaurya (Hindi: शौर्य;English: Valor) is a 2008 Bollywood film directed by Samar Khan starring Rahul Bose Kay Kay Menon Javed Jaffrey and Minissha Lamba. Music in the film is by pop singer Adnan Sami. Indian actor Shahrukh Khan is the narrator in this film.The film revolves around the court-martial of a Muslim officer Javed Khan in the Indian army for shooting his commanding officer and is set against the backdrop of the Kashmir Conflict in Northern India.
 Aatish: Feel the Fire is 1994 Hindi action movie directed by Sanjay Gupta and starring Sanjay Dutt Aditya Pancholi Karishma Kapoor and Raveena Tandon in lead roles. Other cast include Atul Agnihotri Shakti Kapoor Gulshan Grover Kader Khan Ajit Tanuja Ram Mohan Vishwajeet Pradhan Dinesh Hingoo Tiku Talsania Mushtaq Khan. The film is an unofficial remake of John Woo's A Better Tomorrow
 Flodder is a 1986 Dutch comedy film written and directed by Dick Maas and distributed by First Floor Features. It is the first film in the Flodder franchise and is followed by two more films and a spin-off series.
 The Awakening (1928) is a feature film directed by Victor Fleming.
 The Life of Nephi is a 1915 lost film financed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The three-reel film was the first attempt to create a cinematic adaptation of the Book of Mormon. The Life of Nephi was produced by the brothers Chet and Shirl Lawson and was shot in Salt Lake City with a non-professional cast.The Life of Nephi had its theatrical premiere in Salt Lake City on October 25 1915; it is unclear if the film had additional screenings outside of Utah.
 Eyeborgs is a 2009 American science fiction film. It was released direct-to-video on July 6 2010.
 Masquerade is a 1988 American romance mystery thriller film directed by Bob Swaim and starring Rob Lowe Meg Tilly Kim Cattrall and Doug Savant. Written by Dick Wolf the film is about a recently orphaned millionairess who falls in love with a young yacht racing captain who isn't completely truthful with her about his past. The film was nominated for the Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best (Mystery) Motion Picture in 1989.
 Seema is a 1955 Hindi film directed by Amiya Chakravarty.
 Art Trouble (1934) is a comedy short starring Harry Gribbon and Shemp Howard. The film is notable for featuring James Stewart in his first screen role. The short was directed by Ralph Staub. Gribbon was one of a several comedy team partners that Shemp Howard an original member of the Three Stooges and brother of Stooges Curly Howard and Moe Howard worked with. Shemp began making his own shorts prior to having to return to the Stooges in the wake of Curly's strokes in the mid-1940s.
 ¡Ay qué rechulo es Puebla! is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Disco is a French film directed by Fabien Onteniente which was released on 2 April 2008 with Franck Dubosc as Didier Travolta in the main role.The main subject of this movie is the rebirth of disco music at the mid-2000s in a town of France. The film is at first humorous with a lot of clichés about Saturday Night Fever but it doesn't disparage the disco culture at any time.
 Procesado 1040 is a 1958 Argentine thriller film directed by Rubén W. Cavalloti. The film is an honest man wrongly imprisoned and explores the horror of within the cold walls of the prison.
 Bloodstone is a 1988 American mystery-adventure film produced by Ashok Amritraj and Sunanda Murali Manohar directed by Dwight H. Little and written by Nico Mastorakis; starring Brett Stimely Rajinikanth and Anna Nicholas. It was filmed in southern India the story revolving around a mythical ruby called the Bloodstone. Released with a big hype the movie did not live up to the expectations and turned out to be a disaster at the box office.
 Dracula: Dead and Loving It is a 1995 satirical comedy horror film directed by Mel Brooks and starring Leslie Nielsen. It is a parody of Bram Stoker's novel Dracula and of some of the films it inspired. As of 2014 this is the last film Brooks directed.Brooks co-authored the screenplay with Steve Haberman and Rudy De Luca. He also appears as Dr. Van Helsing.
 Purple Rain is a 1984 American rock musical drama film directed by Albert Magnoli and written by Magnoli and William Blinn. Prince makes his film debut which was developed to showcase his particular talents hence the film contains several extended concert sequences. The film grossed more than US$80 million at the box office and became a cult classic. This film was the only feature film starring Prince that he did not direct.
 The Return of the Musketeers or The Treasures of Cardinal Mazarin (Russian: Возвращение мушкетёров или Сокровища кардинала Мазарини; translit. Vozvrashenie mushketerov ili Sokrovischa kardinala Mazarini) is a 2009 Russian musical film directed by Georgi Yungvald-Khilkevich. The Russian audience has high hopes for the new nostalgic film.
 Babagwa (English: The Spider's Lair) is a 2013 Filipino drama film written and directed by Jason Laxamana. The film stars Alex Medina as Greg an internet scammer falls in love with a wealthy old maid while trying to swindle her using a fake Facebook profile. The film competed under the New Breed section of Cinemalaya 2013.
 The Wild Affair is a 1963 British comedy film directed by John Krish and starring Nancy Kwan Gladys Morgan and Betty Marsden.
 The Whole Nine Yards is a 2000 American adventure crime comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn starring Bruce Willis Matthew Perry Amanda Peet Michael Clarke Duncan and Natasha Henstridge. The title derives from a popular expression of uncertain origin. The Whole Nine Yards was followed by the 2004 film The Whole Ten Yards.
 The High Cost Of Living is a 2010 indie drama film set in Montreal Canada starring Zach Braff Isabelle Blais and Aimee Lee. Written and directed by Deborah Chow and set in Montreal the film centers on a young pregnant woman whose world falls apart when she loses her child in a hit and run accident.The film made its debut at the Toronto International Film Festival 2010 and was released theatrically in April 2011.
 Goodnight Miss Ann is a 1978 American short documentary film directed by August Cinquegrana. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Kanooru Heggadithi (Mistress of the House of Kanooru) is a 1999 Indian film based on the 1936 novel Kanooru Subbamma Heggadithi by Kannada writer Kuvempu and directed by playwright and film director Girish Karnad. Set in the Malnad region the film narrates a story of the land and life of a feudal family in pre-independence Malnad. The film marked Karnad's return to directing after a lapse of over a decade.
 The Amityville Curse is the fifth installment to the Amityville Horror saga and was directed by Tom Berry it stars Kim Coates Cassandra Gava and Jan Rubes.
 Una spina nel cuore (internationally released as A Thorn in the Heart) is a 1986 Italian romance-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is loosely based on the novel with the same title by Piero Chiara.
 The Last Hurrah is a 1958 film adaptation of the novel The Last Hurrah by Edwin O'Connor. The picture was directed by John Ford and stars Spencer Tracy as a veteran mayor preparing for yet another election campaign.
 Bad Company is a 1931 gangster film directed and co-written by Tay Garnett with Tom Buckingham based on Jack Lait's 1930 novel Put on the Spot. It stars Helen Twelvetrees and Ricardo Cortez. Told from the view of a woman the working titles of this film were The Gangster's Wife and The Mad Marriage. Unlike many static early sound films Garnett includes several scenes using a moving camera climaxing in a gigantic assault on an office building with both sides using heavy machine guns.
 Blood Wedding (Italian:Nozze di sangue) is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Fosco Giachetti Luisa Ferida and Beatrice Mancini. It is set in South America during the nineteenth century and features an arranged marriage.
 Bad Luck Love is a 2000 Finnish crime drama film directed by Olli Saarela.
 The Petrified Forest is a 1936 American film starring Leslie Howard Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart. A precursor of film noir it was adapted from Robert E. Sherwood's stage play of the same name. The screenplay was written by Delmer Daves and Charles Kenyon and adaptations were later performed on radio and television as well.
 Creature from the Black Lagoon is a 1954 monster horror 3-D film in black-and-white directed by Jack Arnold and starring Richard Carlson Julia Adams Richard Denning Antonio Moreno and Whit Bissell. The Creature was played by Ben Chapman on land and by Ricou Browning underwater. It premiered in Detroit on February 12 and was released on a regional basis opening on various dates.Creature from the Black Lagoon was filmed in 3-D and originally projected by the polarized light method.
 Ark is a 2005 computer-generated imagery film directed by Kenny Hwang animated by Digital Rim. It is the flagship project for both the director and the studio.Attempting to address the failures of Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within the film is an attempt to merge anime-style visuals with a faster action-oriented plot more palatable to Western audiences.
 Melenita de oro (English language: Hair of Gold) is a 1923 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered on 4 June 1923 in Buenos Aires.
 Mr. Hex is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the fifth film in the series.
 Waco: A New Revelation is a 1999 documentary directed by Jason Van Vleet about the conflict in 1993 between the Branch Davidians a religious apocalyptic group and the FBI.It is based on further research by the roll behind Waco: The Rules of Engagement. In this documentary interviews with new people are conducted and more evidence is presented one of which is a hole in the roof of the bunker allegedly made with an explosive charge.
 Billa (Telugu: బిల్లా) is a 2009 Telugu gangster-thriller film film directed by Meher Ramesh a remake of the 2007 Tamil Film of the same name. But some scenes were changed to suit the Telugu audience. It also drew inspirations from the NTR-starring Telugu film Yugandhar (1979) which drew inspirations from another Hindi film titled Don and one of Rajinikanth's 1980 Tamil film with the same title.
 Donga Ramudu (Telugu: దొంగ రాముడు) is a 1955 Telugu Drama film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy and produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao. Lyrics are penned by Samudrala Raghavacharya including the Bhale Tatha Mana Bapuji song on Mahatma Gandhi. The film was archived in the curriculum of the Film and Television Institute of India
 Mad Bastards is a 2011 Australian drama film written and directed by Brendan Fletcher. It is Fletcher's debut film and it premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
 Wrecked is a thriller film directed by Michael Greenspan written by Christopher Dodd produced by Kyle Mann and starring Adrien Brody. It was released by IFC Midnight Films on April 1 2011.
 The Immaculate Conception of Little Dizzle is a 2009 American film starring Marshall Allman.
 The Undead is a 1957 horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Pamela Duncan Richard Garland Allison Hayes and Val Dufour. It follows the story of prostitute Diana Love (Duncan) who is put into a hypnotic trance by psychic Quintis (Dufour) thus causing her to regress back to a previous life. Star Allison Hayes also starred in Attack of the 50 Foot Woman (1958).
 Crazy Lips (発狂する唇 Hakkyōsuru kuchibiru) is a Japanese comedy horror film directed by Hirohisa Sasaki from 2000. It follows a young woman who after her brother is accused of decapitating four schoolgirls goes to a psychic in an effort to prove his innocence only to find things spiraling out of control.
 La cena internationally released as The Dinner is a 1998 Italian commedia all'italiana film directed by Ettore Scola.For their performance the male ensamble cast won the Nastro d'Argento for Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actor while Stefania Sandrelli won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Supporting Actress.
 Mandingo is an American motion picture released by Paramount Pictures in 1975. It is based on the novel Mandingo by Kyle Onstott and on the play Mandingo by Jack Kirkland (which is derived from the novel). The film was directed by Richard Fleischer and starred James Mason Susan George Perry King and boxer-turned-actor Ken Norton. It was widely derided when released although some reviews are positive.
 To Find a Man is a 1972 American drama film directed by Buzz Kulik. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. The film introduced actress Pamela Sue Martin.
 Dakshayagnam (Telugu: దక్షయజ్ఞం) is a 1962 Telugu film directed by Kadaru Nagabhushanam and starring N. T. Rama Rao as Lord Shiva and S. V. Ranga Rao as Daksha.
 Pape Naa Pranam is a 2000 Telugu film starring J. D. Chakravarthy. The film was dubbed into Hindi as Aaj Ka Baadshah.
 Suzanna is a 1923 American silent comedy-drama film starring Mabel Normand and directed F. Richard Jones. The picture was produced by Mack Sennett who also adapted the screenplay from a story by Linton Wells.The cinematographers were Fred W. Jackman Homer Scott and Robert Walters and the supporting cast features George Nichols Walter McGrail Léon Bary Winifred Bryson and Minnie Devereaux.
 Vestire gli ignudi is a 1953 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Chitrasutram (The Image Threads) is a 2010 Malayalam film written & directed by Vipin Vijay produced by Altaf Mazid Zubeen Ahmad Sushanta Roy under the banner of Unknown Films. The film was also supported by Hubert Bals Film Fund Rotterdam Goteborg Film Fund Goteborg Sweden and the Global Film Initiative US.
 Under Jakob's Ladder is an independent drama film by CubeCity Entertainment. Based on a true story it tells how a teacher named Jakob is arrested and thrown into a Soviet prison in the early 1940s. Mann Munoz directed the film and Roberto Munoz produced. Jeff Stewart plays the lead role of Jakob Seel. The film also stars were Christopher Elliott Sal Rendino Quentin McCuiston Sean Patrick Folster Matthew R.
 Sun Valley (Chinese: 日光峡谷; pinyin: Rì guāng xiá gǔ) is a 1996 Chinese film directed by He Ping. Along with his film Swordsmen in Double Flag Town Sun Valley is considered one of He Ping's Chinese westerns. The film stars Zhang Fengyi as The Avenger a mysterious hero who arrives at the eponymous valley to await his enemies.Sun Valley was a Chinese-Hong Kong co-production between the China Film Co-Production Corporation Xi'an Film Studio Media Asia and Huanya Film Corporation.
 I kongens klæ'r is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
 Balyakalasakhi is a 2014 Malayalam romantic musical drama film written and directed by debutant Pramod Payyannur based on the 1944 novel of the same name by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer. The film stars Mammootty Isha Talwar Meena Seema Biswas KPAC Lalitha and Mamukkoya in lead roles.The story revolves around childhood sweethearts Majeed (Mammootty) and Suhra (Isha Talwar). Born to rich parents Majeed falls in love with his not-so-affluent neighbour Suhra.
 Sipayi Ramu (Kannada: ಸಿಪಾಯಿ ರಾಮು) is 1972 Indian Kannada language film directed by Y. R. Swamy starring Rajkumar Leelavathi Aarathi in lead roles. The supporting cast includes K. S. Ashwath Shivaram Vajramuni and Thoogudeepa Srinivas. At the 1971-72 Karnataka State Film Awards the film was awarded the Third Best Film and Best Actress (Leelavathi).
 Exit Dying (also referred to at Exit Dying) is a 1976 made for TV film that was written directed produced and edited by University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh professor Bob Jacobs. The film starred Henry Darrow and centered upon a man caught up in supernatural happenings at an opera house. Exit Dying was filmed in Oshkosh Wisconsin at the Grand Opera House.The film premiered on October 31 1976 at the Oshkosh Grand Opera House and received a positive review from the Daily Northwestern.
 Chasing 3000 is a 2008 American independent film chronicling the cross-country travel of two brothers to see the 3000th base hit of Major League Baseball legend Roberto Clemente. It stars Trevor Morgan Rory Culkin Ray Liotta and Lauren Holly.
 Life During Wartime is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz which premiered at the 2009 Venice Film Festival. It is a direct but loose sequel to his 1998 film Happiness with new actors playing the same characters.
 Pelicans at the Zoo is an 1898 British short black-and-white silent actuality film produced by British Mutoscope & Biograph Company featuring pelicans being released for feeding into their enclosure at London Zoological Gardens. The film was part of a series with Elephants at the Zoo which were one of the earliest examples of animal life on film.
 Kalyanaraman is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 140-day run at the box office. Six years later a sequel was made titled Japanil Kalyanaraman. The film was remade in Hindi as Ghazab with Dharmendra and in Kannada as Sriramachandra with V Ravichandran.
 Billy and Percy is a 1974 Australian TV movie based on journals kept by Percy Dean private secretary to Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes.John Power won Best Director at the AFIs.
 Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (English: A few pages are missing in between) is a 2012 Indian Tamil Black Comedy film directorial debut for Balaji Tharaneetharan. Featuring Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathrie Shankar in the lead roles The plot revolves around a young man who forgets a full year of his life even as he is about to get married. The music and background score of the film are composed by Ved Shankar and Siddarth Vippin respectively.
 Learn How to Read and Write Son (Greek: Μάθε παιδί μου γράμματα Mathe paidi mou grammata) is a 1981 Greek comedy film directed by Theodoros Maragkos and starring Vasilis Diamantopoulos Nikos Kalogeropoulos Kostas Tsakonas and Anna Mantzourani. It is about a public crisis during the Metapolitefsi with its ideological curviness and oppositely from the powerless and deficient ruling by the Greek government for making worthy of human strength.
 The Island (Bulgarian: Островът Ostrovat) is the second film from Bulgarian director Kamen Kalev. It is a Bulgarian-Swedish production telling the story of a young Parisian couple spending their vacation on a small island off the Bulgarian Black Sea coast. The film premiered 16 May 2011 at the Directors’ Fortnight in Cannes 2011.
 Fixed Bayonets! (1951) is a war film written and directed by Samuel Fuller and produced by Twentieth Century-Fox during the Korean War. It is Fuller's second film about the Korean War. In his motion picture debut James Dean appears briefly at the conclusion of the film.
 Little Old New York is a 1940 black-and-white 20th Century Fox historical drama produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and directed by Henry King.
 Happy Gilmore is a 1996 sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Robert Simonds. It stars Adam Sandler as the title character an unsuccessful ice hockey player who discovers a talent for golf. The screenplay was written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy. This film was the first of multiple collaborations between Sandler and Dugan. The film has received mixed reviews since its release.
 Tutta la vita davanti (English title: Your Whole Life Ahead of You) is an Italian movie directed by Paolo Virzì and written by Virzì and Francesco Bruni.
 Les Diables is a 2002 French language drama film from director Christophe Ruggia starring Adele Haenel and Vincent Rottiers.
 An Egyptian Story (Arabic: حدوتة مصرية‎ translit. Hadduta misrija) is a 1982 Egyptian drama film directed by Youssef Chahine.
 Kaalam Marindi (Telugu: కాలం మారింది; English Translation: Changed Times) is a 1972 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath and produced by Vasiraju Prakasam. The story is based on the concept of Untouchability and Casteism and is dedicated to Mahatma Gandhi.
 La Casa del Terror (House of Terror) is a 1960 Mexican monster horror/comedy film.
 Warren Beatty is writing and directing an upcoming American biographical romantic-drama film. The film stars Alden Ehrenreich Lily Collins Warren Beatty Matthew Broderick and Chace Crawford.
 The Jack of Diamonds is a 1949 British adventure film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Nigel Patrick Cyril Raymond and Joan Carroll. An ex-soldier persuades some yacht owners to help recover some jewels he hid off the Belgian coast in 1940 during the Second World War.
 Kirathakudu (Telugu: కిరాతకుడు) is a 1986 Telugu Crime film based on the novel write by Yandamuri Veerendranath. The film was directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi Suhasini Mani Ratnam Silk Smitha and Kongara Jaggayya in important roles.S.V.Krishna Reddy plays an unusual role of an eunuch who later made many movies as a director.
 Summer Catch is a 2001 romantic comedy film starring Freddie Prinze Jr. Jessica Biel and Matthew Lillard. The film was directed by Mike Tollin marking his feature film directorial debut. The story takes place on Cape Cod but the majority of the film was shot in Southport North Carolina.
 His Parisian Wife is a lost 1919 silent film romantic drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Emile Chautard and starred Elsie Ferguson. The source for this picture was a novel by Andrew Soutar.
 The Three Musketeers is a 1939 musical comedy film adaptation of Alexandre Dumas père's novel of the same name. Don Ameche stars as D'Artagnan with the Ritz Brothers as his cowardly helpers.
 Alice Adams is a 1935 romantic film made by RKO. It was directed by George Stevens and produced by Pandro S. Berman. The screenplay was by Dorothy Yost Mortimer Offner and Jane Murfin. The film was adapted from the novel Alice Adams by Booth Tarkington.
 Status: It's Complicated (stylized as Status: It's Complicated!) is a 2013 Filipino comedy film directed by Chris Martinez starring Jake Cuenca Maja Salvador Paulo Avelino Solenn Heussaff and Eugene Domingo.
 Adarsa Kutumbam is a 1969 Telugu drama film. The ensemble cast film was directed by N. Trivikrama Rao.
 Elopement is a 1951 comedy film directed by Henry Koster.
 Letter from an Unknown Woman is a 1948 film directed by Max Ophüls. It was based on the novella of the same name by Stefan Zweig. The film stars Joan Fontaine Louis Jourdan Mady Christians and Marcel Journet.In 1992 Letter from an Unknown Woman was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 The Descendants is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Payne. The screenplay by Payne Nat Faxon and Jim Rash is based on the novel of the same name by Kaui Hart Hemmings.
 Beauty No. 2 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick Gino Piserchio and Chuck Wein.
 Black XXX-Mas is a 1999 short film by Belgian filmmaker Pieter Van Hees about a poor family on Christmas Eve in a story that loosely follows Little Red Riding Hood. It stars Rochelle Gadd Don Warrington and Manou Kersting.
 The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On (ゆきゆきて、神軍 Yuki Yukite Shingun) is an award-winning 1987 documentary by director Kazuo Hara. The documentary centers on 62-year-old veteran of Japan's Second World War campaign in New Guinea Kenzo Okuzaki and follows him around as he searches out those responsible for the unexplained deaths of two soldiers in his old unit.
 39 East is a 1920 American silent comedy film produced by the Realart Picture Company (headed by Paramount's Adolph Zukor) and starring Constance Binney reprising her role from the Broadway play. The film was directed by John S. Robertson.The film is based on the play of the same name by Rachel Crothers which was a hit on Broadway with Binney starring.
 Yennamo Yedho (English: Something Random) is a 2014 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Ravi Thyagarajan starring Gautham Karthik and Rakul Preet Singh. A remake of the Telugu film Ala Modalaindi the film was produced by Ravi Prasad Productions and has music by D. Imman. Gopi Jagadeeswaran was the cinematographer while Vishwaroopam fame Lalgudi N Illayaraja was the art director. The film released on 25 April 2014 to mixed reviews.
 Nam Iruvar is a 1947 Tamil film directed and produced by A. V. Meiyappan.
 Nagaravadhu is a 2001 Malayalam film directed by Kaladharan and starring Vani Viswanath Saikumar Rajan P. Dev Janardhanan Baiju N. F. Varghese Spadikam George Harishree Ashokan Jayakrishnan Premachandran and Indrans.
 The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin (Russian: Гиперболоид инженера Гарина translit. Giperboloid inzhenera Garina) also abberivated as Engineer Garin is a black-and-white 1965 Soviet science fiction film based on Aleksey Tolstoy's novel The Garin Death Ray.
 Lunatics and Lovers (Italian: Culastrisce nobile veneziano) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini.
 The First Year was a 1920 play that originally ran on Broadway at the Little Theatre. The play was written by Frank Craven and produced by John Golden. It closed in 1922 after 760 performances.In 1932 a film adapted from the Craven play was written by Lynn Starling. The film starred Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell and was directed by William K.
 Those Were the Days (French: Le plus bel âge...) is a 1995 French drama film directed by Didier Haudepin. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 For other meanings see Purple Heart (disambiguation).The Purple Heart is a 1944 American war film directed by Lewis Milestone.It is a dramatization of the trial of a number of US airmen by the Japanese during the Second World War. It is loosely based on the trial of eight airmen who took part in the April 18 1942 Doolittle Raid. Three were executed and one died as a POW.It starred Dana Andrews as the leader of the downed crew and was directed by Lewis Milestone.
 Ladies’ Night is a 2003 Mexican film directed by Gabriela Tagliavini. The film is a romantic comedy about two girls who find love in modern-day Mexico City.
 Sanjog is a 1985 Hindi-language film directed by K. Vishwanath.
 The Drums of Jeopardy is a 1923 American film directed by Edward Dillon and featuring Wallace Beery.
 Spy for Napoleon is a 1936 British historical drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Richard Barthelmess Dolly Haas Frank Vosper Henry Oscar and James Carew. It is based on the 1934 novel A Spy of Napoleon by Baroness Emmuska Orczy best known for writing The Scarlet Pimpernel.An illegitimate daughter of Louis Napoleon is taken on as an agent by Napoleon III ruler of France who wishes her to spy on the aristocracy who he suspects of wanting to overthrow him.
 18 Days (Arabic: 18 يوم‎) is an Egyptian film composed of ten short films by ten directors focusing on the 18 days of the 2011 Egyptian revolution.
 You and I (Russian: Ты и я; also known by its working title Finding t.A.T.u.) is a 2011 drama-film directed by Roland Joffé an English-French film director who is known for his Oscar nominated movies The Killing Fields and The Mission depicting a fictionalised version of real events adapted from the novel t.A.T.u. Come Back. The film features Mischa Barton Anton Yelchin Charlie Creed-Miles Helena Mattsson Alexander Kaluzhsky Bronson Pinchot and Shantel VanSanten.
 I Love Trouble (1948) is a film noir written by Roy Huggins from his first novel The Double Take directed by S. Sylvan Simon and starring Franchot Tone as Stuart Bailey. The character of Stuart Bailey was later portrayed by Efrem Zimbalist Jr. in the television series 77 Sunset Strip.
 An Unreasonable Man is a 2006 documentary film that traces the life and career of political activist Ralph Nader the founder of modern consumer protection in America and perennial presidential candidate. The film was created to defend Nader and restore his reputation after his controversial role in the 2000 U.S.
 Thamizh Padam (Tamil: தமிழ்ப் படம்; English: Tamil Film) is a 2010 Indian Tamil language spoof film written and directed by debutant C. S. Amudhan. The film stars Shiva and Disha Pandey in the lead roles. The film's plot parodies contemporary commercial films in Tamil cinema mocking the stereotypical scenes. The film was distributed by Dhayanidhi Alagiri's Cloud Nine Movies and it was released on 29 January 2010 and won critical acclaim and commercial success at the box office.
 Khalass (Arabic: خلص‎ English: Enough) is a 2007 Lebanese film by the Lebanese director Borhane Alaouié.
 Chatroom is a 2010 British thriller film directed by Hideo Nakata about five teenagers who meet on the internet and encourage each other's bad behaviour. The film is based on the play Chatroom by Enda Walsh.
 Vai Pandal is a 1984 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan starring Mohan and Urvashi in lead roles.
 I Want You is an 1998 English crime film directed by Michael Winterbottom.
 Mr. Wrong is a 1996 American romantic/black comedy film starring Ellen DeGeneres and Bill Pullman. Ellen DeGeneres still mentions this film occasionally in her talk show The Ellen DeGeneres Show. The film was a critical and commercial failure.
 Sir Arne's Treasure (Swedish: Herr Arnes pengar) is a 1919 Swedish crime-drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller starring Richard Lund Hjalmar Selander Concordia Selander and Mary Johnson. It is based on the novel The Treasure by Selma Lagerlöf originally published in 1903.
 Scene of the Crime (also known by the title Ladykiller) is a 1996 American independent thriller/mystery/suspense film.
 Harry Brown is a 2009 British vigilante film directed by Daniel Barber and starring Michael Caine Emily Mortimer Jack O'Connell and Liam Cunningham.
 The Country Kid is a 1923 American Warner Bros. silent comedy drama film directed by William Beaudine. It stars Wesley Barry Spec O'Donnell and Bruce Guerin.
 Tarzan and the Leopard Woman was a 1946 action film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs and portrayed by Johnny Weissmuller. Directed by Kurt Neumann the premise of the movie is Tarzan encounters a tribe of leopard-worshippers. It was shot in the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden. Its plot has nothing in common with the 1935 novel Tarzan and the Leopard Men.
 La Gorda is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Bhadram Koduko (Telugu: భద్రం కొడుకో) was a 1992 Telugu film. It is directed by Akkineni Kutumba Rao. Santhosh Reddy played the leadrole. Laya was starring in the cast. The story is based on the various problems faced by the street children and child labour in India particularly urban areas.
 Copperhead is a 2008 Horror Western film directed by Todor Chapkanov. It stars Brad Johnson Keith Scaduto Brad Greenquist Wendy Carter Gabriel Womack and Billy Drago.
 No Place for Love (German: Kein Platz für Liebe) is an East German film. It was released in 1947.
 Terminal City Ricochet is a 1990 film by director Zale Dalen. The name was taken from a hockey team called the Terminal City Ricochets.Starring Jello Biafra (of The Dead Kennedys) Terminal City Ricochet is a dystopian comedy critical of television and its collusion with government and consumerism.
 Little Black Book is a 2004 satirical comedy film directed by Nick Hurran and starring Brittany Murphy and Ron Livingston in the main roles. Holly Hunter Julianne Nicholson Josie Maran Rashida Jones and Kathy Bates all serve in supporting roles. Carly Simon makes a cameo appearance at the end of the film.
 Hungarian Rhapsody: Queen Live In Budapest ’86 is a concert film of English rock band Queen's performance at the concert in Budapest on 27 July 1986 starring Freddie Mercury Brian May Roger Taylor and John Deacon the film was released in theatres worldwide on 20 September 2012. The concert was released on DVD Blu-ray and Deluxe Editions for the first time on 5 November 2012 worldwide except in the United States where it was released a day later.
 Ong-Bak 3 (Thai: องค์บาก 3) is a 2010 Thai martial arts film directed produced and written by Tony Jaa and Panna Rittikrai. The film's story is a follow-up to Ong Bak 2 where Tien (Tony Jaa) is brutally beaten before being put to death by Lord Rajasena (Sarunyu Wongkrajang)'s men. His body is recovered by his Master Bua (Nirut Sirijanya) who revives him. When Tien returns to his village he finds it taken over by Bhuti Sangkha (Dan Chupong).
 The Guard is a 2011 Irish dark comedy film written and directed by John Michael McDonagh starring Brendan Gleeson Don Cheadle Mark Strong and Liam Cunningham.It is the most successful Irish film of all time in terms of Irish box-office receipts overtaking The Wind that Shakes the Barley (2006) which previously held this status.
 The City of Your Final Destination is a novel by American writer Peter Cameron. Most of the story takes place in a small town in Uruguay. However the Uruguay of the novel bears little relation to the geography or culture of the real country this is why it was actually filmed near Punta Indio Buenos Aires Argentina. The novel's beginning and ending chapters taking place in Lawrence Kansas where the protagonist is a graduate student at the University of Kansas.
 Agaya Gangai is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by Manobala starring Karthik and Suhasini in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilayaraja and was released on 1982.
 Allpakallpa is a 1975 Peruvian drama film directed by Bernardo Arias. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 Refining Fires is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film stars Harry Van Meter Charlotte Burton Jean Durrell Louise Lester Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
 Marupadiyum Oru Kadhal is a 2012 Tamil romance film written and directed by Vasu Baskar starring Anirudh Jyoshna Suman and Vadivelu. It was released on 15 June and received negative reviews.The film however has been appreciated for its comedy scenes by Vadivelu as Dr. Singaram MBBS.
 Ants in the Pantry is the 12th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Freaky Chakra is a 2003 Bollywood comedy-drama film directed by V. K. Prakash and Ziba Bhagwagar. The film stars Deepti Naval and Sachin Khedekar. The film was India's official entry for Toronto Reel Asian International Film Festival and received recognition by the International Federation of Film Critics at the at 2003 Mumbai International Film Festival.
 Maa Inti Mahalakshmi is a 1959 Telugu family drama film directed by Gutha Ramineedu.
 Varushamellam Vasantham is a 2002 Tamil language film directed by Ravi Shankar and produced by R. B. Choudary. The film featured the Manoj Kunal and Anita Hassanandani in the lead roles while M. N. Nambiar plays a supporting role. The film which had music composed by Sirpi opened in May 2002.
 Kanmazha Peyyum Munpe ( Malayalam: കന്മഴ പെയ്യും മുമ്പേ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Roy starring Arun and Shafna is main roles.
 Minsara Kanavu (Electrifying Dreams) is a 1997 Tamil romance film written and directed by Rajiv Menon. The film features Arvind Swamy Prabhu Deva and Kajol in the lead roles with Girish Karnad S. P. Balasubrahmanyam V. K. Ramasamy and Nassar in other pivotal roles. The soundtrack and background score for the film was composed by A. R. Rahman while the cinematography was handled by Venu and Ravi K. Chandran. The film was shot in Lawrence School Lovedale Ooty St.
 The Search for Animal Chin is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Bones Brigade. It is one of the first skateboarding films to have a plot.
 L'Arbre le maire et la médiathèque ou les sept hasards is a French film directed by Éric Rohmer. It was shown at the 1993 Montreal World Film Festival where it received the FIPRESCI prize. It is known variously by the alternate title Les Sept hasards and in English translation as The Tree the Mayor and the Mediatheque.
 Scooby Goes Hollywood (later released on video as Scooby-Doo Goes Hollywood) was a prime-time hour-long television special starring the cast of Hanna-Barbera's Saturday-morning cartoon series Scooby-Doo.
 Gundaraj is a 1995 Bollywood action film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. It stars Ajay Devgan Kajol and Amrish Puri. The film premiered on 7 September 1995 in Mumbai.
 Dr. Dolittle: Tail to the Chief (also known as Dr. Dolittle 4) is a 2008 American comedy film starring Kyla Pratt. Like its predecessor Dr. Dolittle 3 in 2006 it was released direct to DVD on March 4 2008.As in the previous film Eddie Murphy does not appear but his character is mentioned several times.
 Satanás (Spanish for Satan) is a 2007 Colombian film directed by Andi Baiz. It is adapted from the novel of the same title by Mario Mendoza Zambrano. It was Colombia's submission to the 80th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.The story is framed in a context of urban solitude in the modern world and sheds some light on the events that surrounded a spree killing that took place in Bogotá Colombia in 1986.
 Een dagje naar het strand is a 1984 Dutch film directed by Theo van Gogh based on a 1962 book by Dutch author Heere Heeresma. The soundtrack was made by Willem van Eekeren. The 1970 movie A Day at the Beach is also based on the book by Heeresma in cooperation with Roman Polanski.
 Purani Haveli is a 1989 Hindi horror film presented by the Ramsay brothers.The soundtracks were composed by Ajit Singh.
 Emergency Act 19 (Hangul: 긴급조치 19호; RR: Gimgeubjochi 19ho) is a satirical 2002 South Korean film about a government act that prohibits popular music passed in response to a number of musicians being elected to government elsewhere in the world. It is notable for the numerous K-pop stars that make appearances in the film. The film's English title is sometimes given as Emergency Measure 19 or Emergency 19.
 King Cool: Ah! History of Donnie Iris and the Cruisers is a 2004 documentary of American rock singer Donnie Iris and his backing band the Cruisers. The documentary was released on DVD to coincide with the 25th anniversary of Iris' solo career.
 Back to Roots (Gui tu) is a 1994 Hong Kong drama film directed by Raymond Leung. It was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Escape From Taliban is a 2003 Indian film that is directed by Ujjal Chattopadhyaya. The film is based on the story A Kabuliwala's Bengali Wife by Sushmita Banerjee who fled Afghanistan in 1995 after six years of living there with her Afghan husband. During that time the Taliban issued a death sentence for her because she refused to abide by their rule on converting to Islam.
 Deliverance is a 1919 silent film which tells the story of the life of Helen Keller and her teacher Annie Sullivan. It stars Etna Ross Tula Belle Edith Lyle Betty Schade Sarah Lind Ann Mason and Jenny Lind.The film also features appearances by Helen Keller Anne Sullivan Kate Adams Keller and Phillips Brooks Keller as themselves. The movie was directed by George Foster Platt and written by Francis Trevelyan Miller.
 Love Matters (Chinese: 幸福万岁) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and Gilbert Chan and produced by Neo Studios mm Studios and Grand Billiance.
 Child In The Night is a motion picture made for television broadcast during the 1990 May Sweeps. It aired on the CBS Network before a subsequent release to home video and syndication. The psychological thriller stars JoBeth Williams as a child psychologist Tom Skerritt as a local police chief and introduced nine-year-old Elijah Wood as a troubled witness to a brutal slaying. Darren McGavin co-starred.
 Day of the wacko (Polish: Dzień świra) is a 2002 comedy-drama from Poland about a day in the life of Adaś Miauczyński a teacher suffering from OCD and trying to write a verse. It stars Marek Kondrat Piotr Machalica Andrzej Grabowski and Janina Traczykówna. It was directed by Marek Koterski and is distributed by Vision.The film picked up several awards at the 2003 Polish Film Awards: Marek Kondrat won best actor in a leading role and Marek Koterski best screenplay.
 Insaan Aur Shaitan is a 1970 Bollywood action film directed by Aspi Irani. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar and Aruna Irani.
 Julio Sumiu is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Berliner based on the novel of the same name by Beto Silva.
 Into the Dark also known as I Will Follow You into the Dark is a 2012 supernatural romance thriller written and directed by Mark Edwin Robinson. The film stars Mischa Barton and Ryan Eggold as lovers separated by supernatural elements. The project went into production in January 2012. The film's original title derives from the Death Cab for Cutie song of the same name. On 14 May 2012 Epic Pictures Group released an international trailer for the film.
 Sparkle is a 2012 American musical film directed by Salim Akil and produced by Stage 6 Films It was released on August 17 2012 by TriStar Pictures. Inspired by The Supremes Sparkle is a remake of the 1976 film of the same name which centered on three singing teenage sisters from Harlem who form a girl group in the late 1950s.
 The Magistrate (Italian: Il magistrato) is a 1959 Italian-language drama film directed by Luigi Zampa. It was a co-production with Spain and France. Spaniard José Suárez stars in the film which was shot in Madrid (exterior locations Plaza de España Plaza Mayor Parque del Oeste) with a French Italian and Spanish cast. The name of the Italian city where the action takes place is never mentioned.A 21-year-old Claudia Cardinale played the role of Orlando's wife in the film.
 Condemned (1929) is an American black and white melodrama film directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Ronald Colman Ann Harding Dudley Digges Louis Wolheim William Elmer and Wilhelm von Brincken. The movie was adapted by Sidney Howard from the novel by Blair Niles. The tagline was A kiss that cannot be forgotten!
 Casa de Mujeres (House of Women) is a 1966 Mexican drama film directed by Julián Soler and starring Dolores del Río. In some countries the film was named El Hijo de Todas (The Son of All).
 Eskimo (also known as Mala the Magnificent and Eskimo Wife-Traders) is a 1933 American drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM). It is based on the books Der Eskimo and Die Flucht ins weisse Land by Danish explorer and author Peter Freuchen. The film stars Ray Mala as Mala Lulu Wong Wing as Mala's first wife Aba Lotus Long as Mala's second wife Iva Peter Freuchen as the Ship Captain W. S.
 Bossa Nova is a 2000 romantic comedy film directed by Bruno Barreto dealing with several interwoven stories about people finding and losing love in Rio de Janeiro. The film stars Amy Irving (Barreto's wife and star of his earlier films A Show of Force Carried Away and One Tough Cop) as an English language teacher named Mary Ann.
 The Marauders is a 1955 Western film.
 Diep is a 2005 Dutch drama film about the 14-year-old girl Heleen (played by 15-year-old Melody Klaver).Many scenes are in extreme close-up.
 Parasuram is a 2003 Tamil language film starring Arjun Sarja Abbas Goundamani Kiran Rathod Gayathri Raguram and others. The film entails the efforts of Officer Parasuram (Arjun) against Akash a terrorist who converts the youth of India into suicide bombers.
 Waco is a 1966 western film starring Howard Keel and Jane Russell directed by R. G. Springsteen written by Max Lamb Steve Fisher and Harry Sanford and released by Paramount Pictures.This was the last leading screen role for Russell who did only bit parts in a pair of later films The Born Losers and Darker than Amber.The supporting cast features Brian Donlevy Wendell Corey Terry Moore John Agar Richard Arlen DeForest Kelley and Robert Lowery.
 I Vitelloni (Italian pronunciation: [i vitelˈloni]) is a 1953 Italian comedy-drama directed by Federico Fellini from a screenplay by Fellini Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli. The film launched the career of Alberto Sordi one of post-war Italy's most significant and popular comedians who stars with Franco Fabrizi and Franco Interlenghi in a story of five young Italian men at crucial turning points in their small town lives.
 Anbudan is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 Mahanagar (Bengali: মহানগর Mahānagar; English: The Big City) is a 1963 Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray and starring Madhabi Mukherjee in the leading role of Arati. Based on a short story Abataranika by Narendranath Mitra it narrates the story of a housewife who disconcerts her traditionalist family by getting a job as a saleswoman.
 American Son is a drama film directed by Neil Abramson and starring Nick Cannon Melonie Diaz and Matt O'Leary. The film follows a young man Mike (Cannon) as he returns home to Bakersfield California following United States Marine Corps Recruit Training. Mike faces telling his friends and family of his deployment to Iraq while dealing with a troublesome home life.It competed in the Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival.
 Eva Perón is a 1996 Argentine drama-historical film based on the life of Eva Perón. It was directed by Juan Carlos Desanzo and starred Esther Goris and Víctor Laplace. It was released on October 24 1996. It was awarded 3 Cóndor awards by the Argentine Film Critics Association in 1997.
 Lucky to Me is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Stanley Lupino Phyllis Brooks and Barbara Blair. It was based on Lupino's own 1928 stage show So This is Love which he had co-written with Arthur Rigby. The film was made by ABPC at its Elstree Studios. It was the last film of Lupino who had made a string of successful musical comedies during the Thirties.
 Alimony is a 1949 American crime film starring Martha Vickers directed by Alfred Zeisler.
 Koisuru Onnatachi (恋する女たち) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Kazuki Ōmori.
 The Most Wonderful Time of the Year is a 2008 Christmas television film directed by Michael Scott.
 Vikramadthiyan is an upcoming Malayalam movie directing by Lal Jose where Dulquar Salmaan Unni Mukundan and Namitha Pramod play the lead roles.
 Toy Story Toons: Partysaurus Rex is a 2012 Pixar computer animated short film directed by Mark Walsh. It was first screened in theaters ahead of Finding Nemo 3D. Partysaurus Rex is the third short in the Toy Story Toons series based on the characters from the Toy Story feature films. The other two films are Small Fry and Hawaiian Vacation. The short involves Rex getting left in the bathroom and making friends with bath toys.
 Sasneham Sumithra is a 2004 Malayalam film by Ambadi Krishnan starring Suresh Gopi.
 Nosotros los pobres (We the Poor Ones) is a 1948 Mexican drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez.
 Kanchana Sita (Malayalam: കാഞ്ചനസീത English: Golden Sita) is a 1977 Indian Malayalam feature-length film scripted and directed by G. Aravindan. A mythological film its story was adapted from C. N. Sreekantan Nair's play of the same name which is a reworking of Valmiki's Ramayana.The film interprets a story from the Uttara Kanda of the epic poem Ramayana where Rama sends his wife Sita to the jungle to satisfy his subjects.
 Aik Aur Ghazi is a Punjabi-language film directed by Syed Noor. It is based on a man named Yusuf Kazzab from Lahore who claimed to be a Prophet. He was sentenced to death by a lower court of Pakistan and was murdered by a man named Tariq in jail.
 Death Ring is a 1993 action film starring Billy Drago Chad McQueen Elizabeth Sung Don Swayze Ron Thompson and directed by R.J. Kizer.
 Epidemic is a 1987 film directed by Lars von Trier. It is the second of Trier's films known collectively as the Europa trilogy. The other two films in the trilogy are The Element of Crime (1984) and Europa (1991).Co-written by Niels Vørsel focuses on the screenwriting process. Vørsel and von Trier play themselves coming up with a last-minute script for a producer.
 Les Nanas (The Chicks) is a 1985 French comedy with an entirely female cast directed by Annick Lanoe.
 The Champ is a 1931 American film directed by King Vidor from a screenplay by Frances Marion Leonard Praskins and Wanda Tuchock and starring Wallace Beery and Jackie Cooper that tells the story of a washed up alcoholic boxer who tries to put his life together for the sake of his young son.The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. Beery won the Oscar for Best Actor (sharing the prize with Fredric March for Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde) and Marion won for Best Story.
 Since the premiere of the series on television Toei Animation has also produced twelve One Piece feature films traditionally released during the Japanese school spring break since 2000. The first three films were less than an hour long and played as part of a double-bill with other anime films. In typical fashion for films based on serialized manga the films feature self-contained completely original plots with animation of higher quality than what the weekly anime allows for.
 A Resurrection (also titled The Sibling) is an American horror-thriller film written and directed by Matt Orlando. The film stars Mischa Barton Michael Clarke Duncan (in his last film) and Devon Sawa. On 12 November 2012 a trailer was released. The film premiered in Sherman Oaks Los Angeles on 19 March 2013. This was followed by a limited theatrical release in the United States on 22 March 2013.
 My Dearest Senorita (Spanish: Mi querida señorita) is a 1972 Spanish film directed by Jaime de Armiñán. A black comedy on the subject of sex change it was the first Spanish film that talked about sexual orientation which was a taboo subject in Spain during Franco's regime.
 Once Upon a Time Was I Verônica (Portuguese: Era Uma Vez Eu Verônica) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed and written by Marcelo Gomes.
 Jackpot is a 2006 Kannada romantic-drama film directed by Niranjan featuring Dyan Harsha and Shubha Poonja in the lead roles. The film released on 14 July 2006.
 Visitors is a 2013 American documentary film written and directed by Godfrey Reggio. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks is a 2013 American independent documentary film about the organization started by Julian Assange and people involved in the collection and distribution of secret information and media by whistleblowers. It covers a period of several decades and includes considerable background material.
 The Ghosts of Hanley House is a 1968 American film directed by Louise Sherrill.
 Down the Drain is a 1990 American comedy film. It was directed by Robert C. Hughes and starred Andrew Stevens Teri Copley and John Matuszak in his last film. Jerry Mathers and Stella Stevens also appeared in the film. It was released on video April 25 1990.
 Khouya is a 2010 film.
 A Thousand Clowns is a 1965 film adaptation from a 1962 play by Herb Gardner and directed by Fred Coe. It tells the story of an eccentric comic who is forced to conform to society to retain legal custody of his orphaned nephew.
 Mayrig (Mother) is a 1991 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil. The film's principal cast includes Claudia Cardinale and Omar Sharif. It is about the struggles of an Armenian family that emigrates to France from Turkey after the Armenian Genocide of 1915.Following the film's success Verneuil edited the movie into a television series.
 See also Silsilay for a 2005 film with a similar titleSilsila is a 1981 Hindi romantic drama filmdirected by Yash Chopra. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Jaya Bachchan Sanjeev Kumar Rekha and Kulbhushan Kharbanda with Shashi Kapoor in a special appearance. It is said to be loosely inspired by the alleged real life love triangle of Amitabh-Jaya-Rekha which was the most talked about affair back then.
 Sepet is a 2004 Malaysian romantic comedy drama film set in Ipoh Malaysia. Directed by Yasmin Ahmad it tells a tale of a love that blooms between a Chinese boy and a Malay girl. Sepet is a Malay word which in this context refers to the 'slit eyes' of the Chinese.
 11 listopada (English: The 11th of November) is a 2008 Polish war film directed by Kamil Kulczycki and Urszula Szałata. The film presents a series of events which led to the first execution of civilians in occupied Poland.
 The Gospel of Us is a 2012 Welsh drama based on the Owen Sheers novel of the same name and the three-day Passion play that Michael Sheen acted in in his home town of Port Talbot in April 2011. Directed by Dave McKean the film stars Sheen as The Teacher a man who has lost all memory of who he is and of the danger his town is facing from a company ICU.
 Bhadrachitta is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Nazeer and produced by Khaleel starring Shankar Sukumaran Devan and Geetha
 Antenna (film) is a 1969 Dutch film directed by Adriaan Ditvoorst.
 Calendar Girl is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by Allan Dwan. The film is also known as Star Dust and Sweet Music (American reissue title). The movie was written by Lee Loeb Mary Loos and Richard Sale.
 Pirates in Callao (Spanish: Piratas en el Callao) is a 2005 Peruvian CGI animated film directed by Eduardo Schuldt based on the children's book of the same name written by Hernán Garrido Lecca. It tells the story of Alberto a Peruvian kid who gets lost during a school trip to the Real Felipe Fortress in the seaport of Callao.
 Forever and Ever or Impetuous Fire (Original title: Jin sheng jin shi) is a 1977 Hong Kong romantic drama film directed by John Law (Mar Lo). Its Chinese title “Jin Shung Jin Shi” literally means “This Life This World.” The film stars Alan Tang (Tang Kwon-Wing) one of the notable actors in Hong Kong romantic and martial arts films during the 1970s. It co-stars a young Candice Yu (Yu On-On)in one of the earliest projects in her career.
 Teo el pelirrojo is a 1985 Spanish drama film directed by Paco Lucio. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Cool Blue is a 1990 English language romantic comedy starring Woody Harrelson Ely Pouget and Hank Azaria and directed by Mark Mullin and Richard Shepard. The film received an R rating by the MPAA.
 Olympic Garage (Spanish: Garage Olimpo) is a 1999 Argentine drama film directed by Marco Bechis.The film was produced by Marco Bechis Enrique Piñeyro (from Argentina) Amedeo Pagani (Italy) and Eric Heumann (France). Executive producers Daniel Burman and Diego Dubcovsky.The picture is about a young politically active Argentine woman who is kidnapped by the military during Argentina's Dirty War in the late 1970s.
 Flame Top (Finnish: Tulipää) is a 1980 Finnish drama film directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and Pekka Lehto. It was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival. The film depicts the life of the writer Algot Untola. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Skin Game (1931) is a British feature film by Alfred Hitchcock based on a play by John Galsworthy and produced by British International Pictures (BIP). The story revolves around two rival families the Hillcrists and the Hornblowers and the disastrous results of the feud between them.After being thought to be in the public domain for decades the film's rights were obtained by French media company Canal+ in 2005.
 Breaker! Breaker! is a 1977 action film starring Chuck Norris.
 The Reflecting Skin is a 1990 British horror film written and directed by Philip Ridley and stars Jeremy Cooper Viggo Mortensen and Lindsay Duncan. The film follows a young child growing up in rural Idaho in the 1950s.
 The Man In White (許されざる者 Yurusarezaru Mono) is a 2003 Japanese yakuza film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Sneh Bandhan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 The Lustful Sister-in-Law 2: Erotic Games (したがる兄嫁２　淫らな戯れ Shitagaru aniyome 2: midara na tawamure) aka 兄嫁　背徳の戯れ (video release title) and Sky Blue Crayon vol. 2 (空色のクレヨンvol.2 Sora-iro no Kureyon vol. 2) is a 1999 Japanese pink film directed by Toshiya Ueno. It won the Bronze Prize at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and lead actress Hotaru Hazuki was given a Best Actress award for her performance in the film.
 The Garden of Words (言の葉の庭 Kotonoha no Niwa) is a 2013 Japanese anime film produced by CoMix Wave Films and directed by Makoto Shinkai. The film focuses on Takao an aspiring shoemaker who keeps meeting a mysterious woman whenever it rains.The film premiered at the Gold Coast Film Festival in Australia on the 28th of April ahead of the Japanese theatrical release on the 31st of May. The film was screened with an animated short called Someone's Gaze (だれかのまなざし Dareka no Manazashi).
 Night Terrors is a 1995 American-Canadian-Egyptian horror film directed by Tobe Hooper. The plot involves a young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father but becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier a descendant of Marquis de Sade. Horror star Robert Englund plays both Chevalier and de Sade.
 Outward Bound (1930) is an all-talking dramatic film based on the hit 1923 play of the same name by Sutton Vane. The film stars Leslie Howard Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Helen Chandler Beryl Mercer Montagu Love Alison Skipworth Alec B. Francis and Dudley Digges. The film was later remade with some changes as Between Two Worlds (1944).
 Hidden Lives (Dutch: Het verborgen leven) is a 1920 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Sanaadi Appanna (Kannada: ಸನಾದಿ ಅಪ್ಪಣ್ಣ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film directed by Vijay based on a novel of the same name by Krishnamoorthy Puranik and starring Rajkumar and Jaya Prada in lead roles. The supporting cast features Ashok Balakrishna R. Sampath Thoogudeepa Srinivas Papamma and Madhavi (credited as Baby Madhavi).The film is considered a landmark in Kannada cinema. It is notable for the shehnai played for Rajkumar's character by Bismillah Khan.
 Adutha Varisu is an Indian Tamil language film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Rajanikanth Sridevi and Silk Smitha released in 1983. It was a remake of Hindi film Raja Rani. It was also dubbed into Hindi.
 Don't Move (Italian: Non ti muovere) is a 2004 Italian film directed by Sergio Castellitto. It stars Penélope Cruz Claudia Gerini Elena Perino and the director himself. Both Castellitto and Cruz received critical praise for their performances as well as several awards including the prestigious David di Donatello. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sweet Rosie O'Grady is a 1943 musical film about an American singer who attempts to better herself by marrying an English duke but is harassed by a reporter. It stars Betty Grable and Robert Young.
 Tonbo kaeri dōchū (とんぼ返り道中) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
 Vinyan is a 2008 drama film with horror themes directed and co-written by Fabrice du Welz. The film was du Welz's second as a director. The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival on 30 August 2008.Reviews towards the film were slightly positive receiving an aggregated score of 56% from Rotten Tomatoes.
 Charley and the Angel is a 1973 Disney family/comedy film set in an unidentified small city in the 1930s Depression-era Midwestern United States and starring Fred MacMurray in one of his final film appearances and his last movie for Disney. The film directed by Vincent McEveety is based on The Golden Evenings of Summer a 1971 novel written by Will Stanton.
 Women of Valor is a 1986 CBS-TV movie about World War II starring Susan Sarandon and Kristy McNichol and directed by Buzz Kulik. It premièred on November 23 1986 and was released on DVD on March 10 1998.
 Charlotte Sophie Bentinck is a 1996 Dutch historical drama film directed by Ben Verbong.
 Blackhawk is a 1952 Columbia movie serial based on the comic book Blackhawk published at the time by Quality Comics. The serial carried the subtitle Fearless Champion of Freedom; it was Columbia's 49th serial.It stars Kirk Alyn as Blackhawk and Carol Forman as the foreign spy that must be stopped from stealing the experimental super-fuel Element-X; Alyn and Forman were also the hero and villain of Columbia's earlier Superman.
 Oorukku Uzhaippavan (Tamil: ஊருக்கு உழைப்பவன் English: Worker for the country) is a 1976 Indian Tamil written and directed by M. Krishnan Nair starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with Vanisri Venniradai Nirmala enacting supporting roles. This film is remade from Hindi film Humshakal starring Rajesh Khanna.
 Aerial Gunner is a 1943 American war film directed by William H. Pine and starring Chester Morris Richard Arlen and Jimmy Lydon. Robert Mitchum Kirk Alyn and Jeff Corey make uncredited appearances. The film was shot at the air gunner training school at Harlingen Air Force Base Texas.
 Bruce Lee: The Man The Myth (Chinese: 李小龍傳奇 also known as Bruce Lee: The True Story) is a 1976 Hong Kong semi biographical martial arts film starring Ho Chung-tao and directed by Ng See-yuen. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 28 October 1976.The film chronicles his life beginning with Lee leaving China to go to University in Seattle.
 Mannan is a 1992 Indian Tamil language film starring Rajinikanth Vijayashanti Kushboo Manorama Pandari Bai Goundamani and Visu. The film is a remake of the 1986 hit Kannada film Anuraga Aralithu starring Rajkumar.
 Tramp Tramp Tramp (1926) is an American comedy silent film directed by Harry Edwards. It features Harry Langdon and Joan Crawford.
 How Funny (This Country Is) (Indonesian: Alangkah Lucunya (Negeri Ini)) is a 2010 Indonesian comedy film directed by Deddy Mizwar. The film was selected as the Indonesian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Women In Revolt also known as Andy Warhol's Women in Revolt is a 1971 satire film produced by Andy Warhol and directed by American filmmaker Paul Morrissey.The stars of the film are Jackie Curtis Candy Darling and Holly Woodlawn three transgender superstars of Andy Warhol's Factory scene. Jackie and Candy had previously appeared in Flesh and Holly had starred in Trash. Also appearing in the film are Jane Forth and Penny Arcade.
 Boy on a Dolphin is a 1957 20th Century Fox romantic film set in Greece and shot in CinemaScope. It was directed by Jean Negulesco and produced by Samuel G. Engel from a screenplay by Ivan Moffat and Dwight Taylor based on the novel by David Divine.The film is noteworthy as Sophia Loren's English language debut although it is also notable for her singing T'in'afto pou to lene agapi (What is this they call love) in Modern Greek.
 Melati van Agam (Indonesian for Jasmine of Agam) is a 1940 romance film directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun. Starring S. Soekarti and A.B. Rachman the film follows young lovers named Norma and Idrus. The film may be lost.
 Death Racers is an American B movie directed by Roy Knyrim. Released direct-to-video on September 16 2008 the film stars the hip hop group Insane Clown Posse and wrestler Scott Raven Levy.
 When Knighthood Was in Flower is a 1922 silent historical film based on the novel When Knighthood Was in Flower by Charles Major and play by Paul Kester. The film was produced by William Randolph Hearst (or his Cosmopolitan Productions) for his 'live-in companion' Marion Davies and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The director was veteran Robert G. Vignola who helmed several of Davies costume romances. This was William Powell's second film.
 Ben 10: Alien Swarm is a 2009 science fiction action television film directed by Alex Winter. It is based on the Cartoon Network animated series Ben 10: Alien Force and a sequel to 2007's Ben 10: Race Against Time. The film stars Ryan Kelley Galadriel Stineman Nathan Keyes Alyssa Diaz Herbert Siguenza and Barry Corbin. The film premiered on Cartoon Network on November 25 2009.
 Dil Mera Dhadkan Teri is 2013 Pakistani romantic drama telefilm directed by Mehreen Jabbar. Film is a remake of the same name released in 1968 starred by Waheed Murad and Rani. The film is produced by Humayun Saeed and Tarang Housefull. Film stars Sanam Saeed Ahsan Khan and Sarwat Gilani.
 Return to Green Acres is a 1990 American television movie based on the CBS situation comedy Green Acres (1965-1971). It stars all the then-surviving original cast. (Hank Patterson (Fred) and Barbara Pepper (Doris Ziffel) who died in 1975 and 1969 respectively.) The movie starts with the original opening credit sequence from the series but in a sepiatone color to tell you that it's been a while since the TV show ended.
 Blood Mania is a 1970 film written by Peter Carpenter (who also stars as Dr. Cooper) and Tony Crechales and directed by Robert Vincent O'Neil.
 Turtle Beach (aka The Killing Beach) is a 1992 Australian film directed by Stephen Wallace and starring Greta Scacchi and Joan Chen. The screenplay was written by Ann Turner based on the novel of the same name by Blanche d'Alpuget. It caused controversy in Malaysia where the Government took exception to scenes of Malays executing refugees.
 La sombra del otro (The Shadow of the Other) is a 1957 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Murderous Maids (French: Les blessures assassines) is a French film directed by Jean-Pierre Denis released in 2000 which tells the true story of two French maids Christine and Lea Papin. The screenplay by Jean-Pierre Denis with Michèle Pétin was based on the book L'Affaire Papin by Paulette Houdyer which told the story of the double murder committed by the maids which made sensational headlines in France in 1933. The film had 360846 admissions in France.
 Omung Kumar is directing and Sanjay Leela Bhansali is producing an untitled Mary Kom Bollywood biopic.
 'n Beetje Verliefd (English: Happy Family) is a 2006 Dutch comedy film directed by Martin Koolhoven. The film received a Golden Film award since the film sold 100000 tickets. For Koolhoven the film meant his third hit movie within two years.
 I Do I Die! Dyos Ko Day is 1997 Filipino Comedy Film.
 Babylon 5: The Lost Tales is an anthology show set in the Babylon 5 universe. It was announced by J. Michael Straczynski creator of Babylon 5 at the San Diego Comic Con in July 2006. Straczynski has described the stories as ones he had for the Babylon 5 television series but never had the time to produce.
 Sitting on the Moon (1936) is an American musical film directed by Ralph Staub and released by Republic Pictures.
 Nancy Goes to Rio is a musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1950. It was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and produced by Joe Pasternak from a screenplay by Sidney Sheldon based on a story by Ralph Block Frederick Kohner and Jane Hall.
 The Woman in Green is a 1945 American Sherlock Holmes film starring Basil Rathbone as Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson with Hillary Brooke as the woman of the title and Henry Daniell as Professor Moriarty. The film is not credited as an adaptation of any of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Holmes tales but several of its scenes are taken from The Final Problem and The Adventure of the Empty House. The Woman in Green is the eleventh film of the Rathbone/Bruce series.
 Hexing a Hurricane is a 2006 documentary film about the effect of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans. It has been billed as the First Katrina documentary released by a New Orleanian. The film is directed by Jeremy Campbell and distributed by the National Film Network. The film's score was orchestrated by New Orleans artist Eric Laws.The film begins back when life was normal in New Orleans- six weeks before Hurricane Katrina and the associated levee failures devastated the city.
 Shattered Image is a thriller drama film written by Duane Poole and directed by Raoul Ruiz. It starred William Baldwin Anne Parillaud and Lisanne Falk.
 Bellary Naga (Kannada: ಬಳ್ಳಾರಿ ನಾಗ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language romantic action film starring Vishnuvardhan Manasi and Avinash in the lead roles. The film is directed by Dinesh Babu and based on the Malayalam language film Rajamanikyam (2005) starring Mammootty.
 The Skulls II is the 2002 American thriller film sequel to The Skulls and was released direct-to-video. It is directed by Joe Chappelle and it stars Robin Dunne Ashley Cafagna-Tesoro Nathan West Lindy Booth and James Gallenders.
 The Bride of the Colorado is a 1928 film starring John Boles.
 Abelay Garam Bhaat (Bengali: অবেলায় গরম ভাত) is a Bengali film directed by Subhendu Ghosh the movie featured Abhishek Chattopadhyay Paran Bandyopadhyay Biplab Chattopadhyay Chinmoy Ray and Bibhu Bhattacharya.
 Midnight Delight is an upcoming American comedy film consisting of 9 short stories directed by Rohit Gupta. The film has an unknown release date of 2015.
 Let's Get Tough! is a 1942 film and the ninth film in the East Side Kids series starring Leo Gorcey (as Muggs) Huntz Hall (as Glimpy) Bobby Jordan (as Danny) and Robert Armstrong (as Pops the Cop). Released in early 1942 it was directed by Wallace Fox and features the gang caught up in World War II and fighting the Black Dragon Society an enemy sabotage ring.
 Knightquest is a fan film that made its debut on the internet in October 2001 created by fans of the Star Wars franchise. It is a live-action drama set in the Star Wars universe taking place a few weeks before the events in A New Hope. It depicts Darth Vader's ongoing quest to seek out and destroy any Jedi who may have escaped the great purge years ago.Knightquest is notable among fanfilms for having been shot on film as opposed to the more common digital video.
 College Kumaran is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas starring Mohanlal and Vimala Raman.
 Cuadrilátero (English: Boxing ring) is a 1970 Spanish film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring José María Prada Deane Selmier and Rosana Yanny.
 The Brotherhood is a 2001 horror film directed by David DeCoteau. It stars Samuel Page Josh Hammond and Bradley Stryker. It is the first in the Brotherhood series of homoerotic horror films.
 Matilda is a 1996 American fantasy children's film directed narrated by and starring Danny DeVito. The screenplay by Nicholas Kazan and Robin Swicord is based on Roald Dahl's novel of the same name. The film was released by TriStar Pictures. on August 2 1996 and stars Mara Wilson Danny DeVito Rhea Perlman Embeth Davidtz and Pam Ferris.
 Encounter with the Unknown is a 1973 American film directed by Harry Thomason.
 Andha Bichar is an action Bengali film made in 1990. A revenge drama with Mithun in the lead role.
 Quiéreme porque me muero (Love Me Because I Die) is a 1953 Mexican film directed by Chano Urueta and produced by Julio Valdovinos.
 Campbell's Kingdom is a 1957 British adventure film directed by Ralph Thomas based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Hammond Innes. The film stars Dirk Bogarde and Stanley Baker with Michael Craig Barbara Murray James Robertson Justice and Sid James in support. The story is set in Alberta Canada and largely follows the principles of the Northwestern genre of film-making.
 Seetharamaiah Gari Manavaralu (English: Seetharamaiah's Granddaughter) is a 1991 Telugu Drama film directed by Kranthi Kumar. Akkineni Nageswara Rao played the role of Seetharamaiah and Meena played his granddaughter Seeta.The film was show cased among the Indian panorama section at the 1991 International Film Festival of India. The film was made under the banner VMC Productions.It is remade in Hindi language as Udhaar Ki Zindagi in 1994. Kajol played the title role.
 Kalimannu is a Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy and starring Swetha Menon in the lead role and Biju Menon Suhasini in Major Supporting roles. Inspired by the Puranic story of Abhimanyu and his mother Subhadra the film portrays the relationship of the protagonist with her baby before and after it is born. Swetha Menon's real-life delivery was shot live on camera for the film.It is being dubbed in telugu as MalleTeega
 McFarland is an upcoming sports drama film based on the true story of a Latino high school track team from McFarland California. The film stars Kevin Costner as the school's coach who leads the team through several social issues of the 1980s to win a championship. Directed by Niki Caro and produced by Walt Disney Pictures the film will be released on November 21 2014.
 Torment is a 1924 silent film crime-drama produced and directed by Maurice Tourneur and distributed by Associated First National later First National Pictures. This film stars Bessie Love Owen Moore and Jean Hersholt. The film is based on a story by William Pelley with script by Fred Myton and titles by Marion Fairfax. It is a lost film.
 Thaai Naadu (Tamil: Thaai Naadu)(English: Mother Land) is a 1989 Tamil film produced by Madhampatti Sivakumar and directed by Aravindaraj. The film casts Sathyaraj in dual role along with Radhika. The film with an intuitive story line was released to moderate reviews.
 The Accusation (Italian: Atto d'accusa) is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Giacomo Gentilomo.
 Lovedolls Superstar is a 1986 low budget underground film shot on super-8 film.It is the direct sequel to 1984's Desperate Teenage Lovedolls. It was made on a budget of approximately $10000. The film was reissued on DVD in 2006 as Lovedolls Superstar Fully Realized (a certified directors cut).It was described (in 1991) as one of the greatest music industry movies of the last decade.
 Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie is a 2009 American made-for-television comedy-drama fantasy film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Wizards of Waverly Place. It was directed by Lev L. Spiro and filmed primarily in San Juan Puerto Rico in February and March 2009. The full cast of the series starred in the film although Jennifer Stone only had a small role at the beginning of the film.
 Otra Película de Huevos y un Pollo (Spanish for Another Egg Movie and a Chicken) is a Mexican traditionally animated adventure comedy film film produced by a Mexican animation company Huevocartoon Producciones (Eggcartoon Productions). It is a sequel to Una Película de Huevos. This film along with its processor were released direct-to-video in the United States which is available in some Walmart locations.
 The Courage of Marge O'Doone is a 1920 American drama film directed by David Smith and featuring Boris Karloff. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 £100 Reward is a 1908 British short silent film directed by James Williamson.
 Ferari Fauj is a 2002 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Prasanta Bal starring Mithun Chakraborty Deboshree Roy Indrani Haldar and Soumitra Chatterjee.
 The Blue Peter is a 1955 British film (copyright 1954). The film was retitled Navy Heroes and released in the United States in December 1957. The film is about youth seamanship at the original Outward Bound in Aberdovey Wales a program similar to Sea Scouting or Sea Cadets.
 Hail the Judge (Chinese: 九品芝麻官) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing starring Stephen Chow Cheung Man and Ng Man Tat.
 The Fifth Season (French: La cinquième saison) is a 2012 Belgian drama film directed by Peter Brosens and Jessica Woodworth. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. The film received four nominations at the 4th Magritte Awards.
 Goopy Bagha Phirey Elo (Bengali: গুপী বাঘা ফিরে এলো) (1992) is the third sequel of Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne series. It was directed by Sandip Ray and written by his father Satyajit Ray. This film was released eleven years after its predecessor Hirak Rajar Deshe.
 Icons of Horror Collection - Sam Katzman is a quadruple feature DVD distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment; it is the most famous of the Icons of Horror DVDs the others including Icons of Horror Collection - Boris Karloff and Icons of Horror Collection - Hammer Films. It became a moderately popular DVD due to the exaggeration of Sam Katzman being an icon of horror since the films included on the DVD itself could be considered mediocre.
 Topsy and Bunker: The Cat Killers is a 1992 mystery/drama film released by Top Bunk Films the first feature film directed by underground cine-video artist Thomas Massengale.
 The Man from Kangaroo is a 1920 Australian silent film starring renowned Australian sportsman Snowy Baker. It was the first of several films he made with the husband and wife team of director Wilfred Lucas and writer Bess Meredyth both of whom had been imported from Hollywood by E.J. Carroll.
 Skirts Ahoy! is a 1952 MGM musical film shot in Technicolor and directed by Sidney Lanfield. It stars Esther Williams and Joan Evans.The films follows the adventures of several women who join the WAVES with sequences filmed on location at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. The film also features the film debut of Billy Eckstein.
 Albhutha Dweepu (Malayalam: അത്ഭുതദ്വീപ്) is a 2005 Malayalam-language Indian movie directed by Vinayan. The movie created history by becoming the first Indian movie whose remake rights have been bought by Hollywood. Ajaykumar Prithviraj and Mallika Kapoor appear in lead roles in the movie.
 Children of Divorce is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Clara Bow Esther Ralston and Gary Cooper. Adapted from the 1927 novel of the same name by Owen Johnson and written by Louis D. Lighton Hope Loring Alfred Hustwick and Adela Rogers St. Johns the film is about a young flapper who tricks her wealthy friend into marrying her during a night of drunken revelry.
 Back to God's Country is a 1927 silent film Northwoods adventure based on James Oliver Curwood's story Wapi the Walrus. The film was directed by Irvin Willat and stars Renée Adorée usually an MGM actress. The film is a remake of the 1919 film Back to God's Country which starred Nell Shipman.
 Accident is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film directed by Shankar Nag. The film stars his elder brother Anant Nag and wife Arundhati Nag in lead roles. It was considered a landmark film in Kannada cinema.The film won the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues at the 32nd National Film Awards in 1985. It also won multiple awards at the 1984-85 Karnataka State Film Awards including the award for First Best Film.
 Les maîtres fous (The Mad Masters – 1955) is a short film directed by Jean Rouch a well-known French film director and ethnologist. It is a docufiction his first ethnofiction a genre he is considered to have created.
 Outpost is a 2008 British horror film directed by Steve Barker and written by Rae Brunton about a rough group of experienced mercenaries who find themselves fighting for their lives after being hired to take a mysterious businessman into the woods to locate a WWII-era military bunker.
 Anbe Sivam (English: Love Is God) is a 2003 Tamil drama film written by Kamal Haasan and directed by Sundar C. The film follows the events of an unexpected journey from Bhubaneswar to Chennai which is undertaken by two men who are polar opposites portrayed by Kamal Haasan and R. Madhavan. Kiran Rathod Nassar and Santhana Bharathi also feature in the film while Vidyasagar and Arthur A.
 The Man from M.A.R.S. is a 1922 silent U.S. science fiction film. It is notable for using the 3-D process called Teleview similar to today's alternating frame 3-D systems. Shown in 3-D only at the Selwyn theater in New York City it was previewed as Mars Calling at a trade and press screening on 13 October 1922 premiered as M.A.R.S. on 27 December 1922 and ran through 20 January 1923. A 2-D version was distributed as Radio-Mania in 1923-1924.
 The Black Reel Awards began in 2000 and were designed to annually recognize and celebrate the achievements of black people in feature independent and television films. Awards range from the art of character portrayals to the artistry displayed behind the camera.The FAAAF/Black Reel Awards benefit The Foundation for the Advancement of African Americans in Film (FAAAF) a non-profit arts organization whose mission is to provide educational opportunities to future minority film executives.
 So Long Letty is a 1929 musical comedy directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Charlotte Greenwood reprising her role from the 1916 Broadway stage play.The story had been filmed as a silent So Long Letty in 1920 with Colleen Moore.At 34:53 into the Warners On Demand dvd Charlotte Greenwood uses the word 'damn'.
 Kshanbhar Vishranti is a Marathi film released on 9 April 2010. The movie has been produced by Sandeep S. Shinde along with Maulik Bhatt and directed by Sachit Patil. The movie is a thought provoking film with a philosophy of its own and a sheer poetry on celluloid.
 La comadrita (The Child's Godmother) is a 1975 Mexican film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco Fernando Soler and Sara García. The film is about an indigenous woman who baptizes nearly all the animals on the day of the blessing of animals in the town. That is why she is nicknamed La comadrita for being the godmother of the townspeoples' animals.
 Customs Diary is a 1993 Malayalam film by T. S. Suresh Babu starring Jayaram and Mukesh in the lead roles.
 Rice (Korean: 쌀 translit. Ssal) is a 1963 South Korean drama film directed by Shin Sang-ok. The film was selected as the South Korean entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 39th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Thelomeris is the first mainstream science fiction movie shot in Hungary. It was produced by Trickorn Productions an independent Hungarian production company.
 Heaven & Earth is a 1993 Vietnam war film directed and written by Oliver Stone and starring Tommy Lee Jones Haing S. Ngor Joan Chen and Hiep Thi Le. It is the third and final film in Stone's Vietnam War trilogy which also includes Platoon (1986) and Born on the Fourth of July (1989).The film was based on the books When Heaven and Earth Changed Places and Child of War Woman of Peace which Le Ly Hayslip wrote about her experiences during and after the Vietnam War.
 Swimmers is a 2005 American independent drama about a waterman's family on Chesapeake Bay's eastern shore. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22 2005 and won the Grand Jury Prize for Best New American Film from the Seattle International Film Festival. The title and theme of the film were inspired by the Latin name for the Chesapeake Bay's indigenous Maryland blue crab – Callinectes sapidus – Callinectes translates as beautiful swimmers.
 A Lesson in Love is a 1931 American comedy film starring Helen Kane.
 Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1968 British film made based on the novel of the same name by Hunter Davies. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.The film starred Barry Evans Judy Geeson and Angela Scoular and was directed by Clive Donner.The film was released on DVD officially for the first time by the BFI in September 2010 as part of its Flipside strand.
 Ace High (Italian: I quattro dell'Ave Maria literally translated as The Four of the Hail Mary) is an Italian spaghetti Western by Giuseppe Colizzi from 1968. The film is the second in a trilogy started with God Forgives... I Don't! and ended with Boot Hill.
 Lost in the Stratosphere is a 1934 American film directed by Melville W. Brown.
 Dark Victory is a 1939 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Bette Davis George Brent Humphrey Bogart Geraldine Fitzgerald and Ronald Reagan. The screenplay by Casey Robinson was based on the unsuccessful 1934 play of the same title by George Brewer and Bertram Bloch.
 Mannar Mathai Speaking (Malayalam: മാന്നാര്‍ മത്തായി സ്പീക്കിംഗ്) is a 1995 Malayalam comedy film written by Siddique-Lal produced and directed by Mani. C. Kappan and starring Mukesh Saikumar Innocent Vani Viswanath and Biju Menon in the main roles. It is the sequel to Ramji Rao Speaking (1989) and prequel to Mannar Mathai Speaking 2 have released on 24th of January 2014.
 Lord of Illusions is a 1995 American horror film written and directed by Clive Barker based on his earlier short story The Last Illusion (from Books of Blood Vol. 6). The film presents Barker's signature character Harry D'Amour onscreen for the first time. It stars Scott Bakula as D'Amour alongside Kevin J. O'Connor Famke Janssen and Daniel von Bargen.Barker asserts that the director's cut of this film is his definitive version as the theatrical release does not represent his true vision.
 The Tiger of Eschnapur (originally Der Tiger von Eschnapur) is a 1938 German film directed by Richard Eichberg.
 A Feud in the Kentucky Hills is a 1912 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film by the Biograph Company was shot on the Hudson Palisades near Fort Lee New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.
 The Spell of the Yukon is a 1916 American silent American drama film directed by Burton L. King.
 Downfall (Hangul: 창; RR: Chang) is a 1997 South Korean film by Im Kwon-taek. The story revolves around an orphan girl who became a prostitute to survive and finds love with one of her clients.
 Chamada a Cobrar is a 2012 Brazilian thriller film written and directed by Anna Muylaert. The film is an offshoot of the television film Para Aceitá-la Continue na Linha produced for TV Cultura in 2010. It was selected as hours-concours for the Première Brasil of the 2012 Festival do Rio.
 Uuno Epsanjassa (Uuno in Spain) is a Finnish 1985 comedy film directed by Ere Kokkonen. It is the tenth film in the Uuno Turhapuro series. It was seen by more than 600000 people in the theatres.
 The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is a 1992 American psychological thriller about a vengeful psychopathic nanny out to destroy a naive woman and steal her family. The film was directed by Curtis Hanson starring Annabella Sciorra and Rebecca De Mornay. The original music score was composed by Graeme Revell.
 Hayate the Combat Butler! Heaven Is a Place on Earth (劇場版 ハヤテのごとく! HEAVEN IS A PLACE ON EARTH) is a 2011 Japanese animated film in the Hayate the Combat Butler anime and manga franchise. The film was released in theaters on August 27 2011 as a double-bill with Mahou Sensei Negima! Anime Final.
 Mask of Dust  released in the United States as A Race for Life is a 1954 British film noir directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Richard Conte and Mari Aldon.
 Lady General Hua Mulan is a 1964 Hong Kong Huangmei opera musical film directed by Yueh Feng depicting the story of Hua Mulan.
 Tulpa is a 2012 Italian giallo-horror film directed by Federico Zampaglione. It premiered at the 2012 London FrightFest Film Festival. It was referred as more than a tribute to the masters of the genre of the Seventies an attempt to resurrect an imaginary a disenchanted and passionate way of making films.
 True Confession is a 1937 screwball comedy film starring Carole Lombard Fred MacMurray and John Barrymore. It was directed by Wesley Ruggles and based on the play Mon Crime written by Georges Berr and Louis Verneuil. In 1946 it was remade as Cross My Heart.
 Brokedown Palace is a 1999 American drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Claire Danes Kate Beckinsale and Bill Pullman. It deals with two American friends imprisoned in Thailand for drug smuggling. Because it presents a critical view of the Thai legal system most scenes were filmed in the Philippines; however some panoramas and views were filmed in Bangkok.
 Dangerous Game is a 1987 Australian film directed by Stephen Hopkins.
 Freedom (Spanish: La libertad) is a 2001 Argentine drama film directed by Lisandro Alonso. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sweetie is an 1989 Australian drama film directed by Jane Campion and starring Genevieve Lemon Karen Colston Tom Lycos and Jon Darling. Co-written by Campion and Gerard Lee the film documents the contentious relationship between a twenty-something year old her family and her emotionally unstable sister. It was Jane Campion's first feature film. It was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fíaskó (English title: Fiasco) is an Icelandic film written and directed by Ragnar Bragason.
 Mercury Man (Thai: มนุษย์เหล็กไหล or Ma noot lhek lai) is a 2006 Thai superhero martial arts action film. It is directed by Bhandit Thongdee with martial arts choreography by Panna Rittikrai of Ong-Bak Tom-Yum-Goong and Born to Fight.
 This article is about the 1981 Bollywood film Rocky. For the Sylvester Stallone films see Rocky.Rocky is a 1981 Bollywood film produced and directed by Sunil Dutt who also has a cameo role. The film marks the debut of Sunil's son Sanjay Dutt and stars Reena Roy Tina Munim Amjad Khan Raakhee and Shakti Kapoor.
 Oh! Heavenly Dog is a 1980 comedy film written by Rod Browning. The film stars Benjean billed here as Benji (she was the daughter of Higgins who originated the role of Benji) Chevy Chase Jane Seymour and Omar Sharif. The film was directed by Joe Camp and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Fuse Teppō Musume no Torimonochō (伏 鉄砲娘の捕物帳) is a 2012 Japanese animated film directed by Masayuki Miyaji based on Kazuki Sakuraba's book Fuse Gansaku: Satomi Hakkenden. Both novel and film are an adaptation of Kyokutei Bakin's Nansō Satomi Hakkenden focusing on a female hunter named Hamaji.A special Blu-ray and DVD set was released featuring cover art by graphic designer Wakamatsu Kaori. It also included a booklet and postcard set by the same designer.
 The Yellow Ticket is a 1931 Pre-Code American drama film based on a play by Michael Morton produced by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Raoul Walsh. The film starred Elissa Landi Lionel Barrymore and featured Boris Karloff. The film is also noted for its brief glimpse of nudity.The play was produced in 1914 on Broadway; it starred John Barrymore and Florence Reed. The stage version played between 20 January and June 1914.
 Powwow Highway is a 1989 comedy-drama road movie based on a novel of the same name by David Seals. It features A Martinez Gary Farmer Joanelle Romero and Amanda Wyss. Wes Studi and Graham Greene who were relatively unknown actors at the time have small supporting roles.
 Up the River (1938) is a prison comedy film starring Preston Foster and Arthur Treacher and featuring Bill Bojangles Robinson. The movie was directed by Alfred L. Werker and is a remake of a 1930 film with the same title directed by John Ford and starring Spencer Tracy and Humphrey Bogart in the roles subsequently played by Foster and Tony Martin.
 La Bestia in Calore (also known as SS Hell Camp SS Experiment Part 2 The Beast in Heat and Horrifying Experiments of the S.S. Last Days) is an Italian exploitation film released in 1977. Directed by Luigi Batzella and written by Batzella and Lorenzo Artale it gained notoriety when it was banned in the UK as a video nasty. This is one of many so-called video nasties about fictionalized World War II Nazi POW camp atrocities.
 Lower City (Portuguese: Cidade Baixa) is a dramatic film by the Brazilian director Sérgio Machado. It was released in Brazil and to international film festivals in 2005 including being screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival. Its general release in the United States was in 2006 in New York.
 The Fortunes of Fifi was a 1917 silent American historical romance film directed by Robert G. Vignola and stars Marguerite Clark. Based on the novel of the same name by Molly Elliot Seawell the film is set in France and takes place during the era of Napoleon Bonaparte. The film is now presumed lost.
 Teheran 43 is a 1981 USSR-France-Switzerland drama film made by Mosfilm Mediterraneo Cine and Pro Dis Film directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov.The film was the leader of Soviet distribution in 1981 and had 47.5 million viewers. It won the Golden Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival in 1981.
 In Nacht und Eis (English: In Night and Ice) also called Der Untergang der Titanic (The Sinking of the Titanic) is a 1912 German film about the sinking of Titanic. The filming began during the summer of 1912 and the film premiered that winter. The film's special effects are primitive by modern standards but were impressive for that time. In the film a small model ship hits an ice block in a small pond and sinks. The film starts out by the passengers boarding at Southampton.
 For the movie of a similar name released in 2006 starring Mahima Chaudhry see Souten: The Other Woman.Souten is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sawan Kumar Tak starring Rajesh Khanna Padmini Kolhapure Tina Munim Prem Chopra and Pran. The film is a family drama. It was written by Kamleshwar with music by Usha Khanna. The song Shayad Meri Shaadi became especially memorable.
 What Scoundrels Men Are! (Italian: Gli uomini che mascalzoni!) is a 1932 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Camerini.The film was a great success De Sica and Lia Franca became stars and the song Parlami d'amore Mariù was a hit. Rare in Italian film history it was filmed on real Milan locations nowadays it is a sort of documentary how was Milan in the '30s. The film was remade in 1953 by Glauco Pellegrini.
 Maaran is a 2002 Indian Tamil film directed by A. Jawahar starring Sathyaraj Seetha and Manivannan's son Raguvannan in lead roles. The film produced by J. S. Pankaj Mehta had musical score by Deva and was released on 20 September 2002. The film enjoyed a moderate recognition at the box office.
 The Riddle is a Brendan Foley film released in 2007.
 Carmen was a 1915 American silent drama film written and directed by Raoul Walsh which starred Theda Bara. It is based on the 1845 novella Carmen the film was shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 It Can't Last Forever is a 1937 black and white American film. The film stars Ralph Bellamy Betty Furness and Robert Armstrong. It is also the debut film for an unbilled 11 year old Donald O'Connor who would later go on to be famous for his acrobatic tap dancing.
 The Yellow Claw is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by René Plaissetty and starring Sydney Seaward Arthur M. Cullin and Harvey Braban. The film was shot partly at Cricklewood Studios. It was based on the 1915 novel The Yellow Claw by Sax Rohmer. A French detective battles against a notorious master criminal.
 A Private Enterprise is a 1974 British film directed by Peter K Smith. It stars Salmaan Peerzada as Shiv Verma an Indian immigrant in Birmingham who attempts to start his own business. It is regarded as the first British Asian film.
 Dream (Telugu: డ్రీమ్ ) is a 2012 Telugu psychological thriller film directed by Bhavani Shankar K under the banner of Kaipa Film Production House and produced by Satish Mynam and Vijaya Mynam. The film features Rajendra Prasad Pavani Reddy and Jayashree in the lead roles. Dream is scripted and directed by Bhavani Shankar K and is his first feature film as director.
 Kanthaswamy (Tamil: கந்தசாமி Kantacāmi ?) is a 2009 Tamil language feature film written and directed by Susi Ganesan starring Vikram in the titular role. Shriya Saran Prabhu Ganesan Krishna Ashish Vidyarthi Mukesh Tiwari Mansoor Ali Khan Vadivelu and Y. G. Mahendran form the supporting cast. The film's soundtrack and background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
 Annakili is a 1976 Tamil language film. It was directed by Devaraj Mohan. It was also notable for being Isaignani Ilaiyaraaja's first film. The soundtrack to the film was a major success. The film reportedly had a South Indian rural theme shot in a village and like later films many of Ilayaraja's songs fused Tamil folk music with Western classical and South Indian Carnatic music.The film was a blockbuster and completed a 196-day run at the box office.
 The Expropriation (Spanish: La expropiación) is a 1972 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Irréversible (French pronunciation: ​[iʁevɛʁˈsiblə]) is a 2002 French mystery thriller film written and directed by Gaspar Noé starring Monica Bellucci Vincent Cassel and Albert Dupontel. The film employs a non-linear narrative and follows two men as they try to avenge a brutally raped girlfriend.
 The Kings of Summer (originally Toy's House) is a 2013 American independent coming-of-age comedy-drama film that premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and received a limited U.S. release in May 2013.
 Climax (Norwegian: Klimaks) is a 1965 Norwegian drama film directed by Rolf Clemens starring Per Jansen and Rut Tellefsen. The film deals with the death of a man's mistress and the love/hate relationship she had with his son.
 29th and Gay is a 2005 comedy film from Daisy 3 Pictures directed by Carrie Preston and starring James Vasquez Nicole Marcks David McBean Mike Doyle and Annie Hinton. It was Vasquez's first experience as a writer actor and editor.
 O Bobo is a 1987 Portuguese film directed by José Álvaro Morais.
 Wild Flowers (Czech: Kytice) is a Czech drama film released in 2000. It was directed by F. A. Brabec based on 7 best-known most epic poems of Kytice a collection of ballads by Karel Jaromír Erben. While relatively successful commercially it was deplored by critics for its crude literalism of depiction.
 The Last Mitterrand (French title: Le Promeneur du Champ de Mars) is a 2005 film directed by Robert Guédiguian depicting the final period in the life of an unnamed French President (but the English title suggests the president is François Mitterrand).
 Three Men in a Tub is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Nate Watt. It was the 164th Our Gang short (165th episode 76th talking short and 77th talking episode) that was released.
 Volver a la vida is a 1951 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.
 Bulldog Drummond in Africa is a 1938 American crime thriller film.
 Keïta! l'Héritage du griot (English title: Keita! Voice of the Griot ) is a 1995 Burkinabé drama film directed by Dani Kouyaté and starring Sotigui Kouyaté.
 Agni Gundam (Telugu: అగ్ని గుండం) is a 1984 Telugu film directed by Kranthi Kumar. The film stars Chiranjeevi Sumalatha and Silk Smitha in important roles.
 Sunshine State is a 2002 American comedy–drama film written and directed by John Sayles. The picture stars an ensemble cast that features Angela Bassett Edie Falco Jane Alexander Alan King Timothy Hutton Mary Steenburgen Bill Cobbs and others. The movie was filmed on Amelia Island Florida which includes settings in historic Fernandina Beach.
 The Guilty Ones is a 1916 American comedy film directed by and starring Oliver Hardy. It was the first film to be directed by Hardy.
 The Korean Wedding Chest is a 2009 documentary film about Korean wedding traditions directed by Ulrike Ottinger. The German language film was described as capturing the collision of ancient tradition and modern culture on the subject of love and marriage in Korea in a film that echoes the beauty precision and care of the rituals she examines by the Los Angeles Times.
 Mrs. Jones Entertains is a 1909 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. The Internet Movie Database lists Mary Pickford as appearing in this short. However Pickford did not begin with Biograph until the end of April 1909.
 In Little Italy is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Little Athens is a 2005 American independent film directed by Tom Zuber which stars John Patrick Amedori Erica Leerhsen DJ Qualls Rachel Miner Eric Szmanda Michael Peña and more. Despite premiering at Toronto Film Festival in 2005 it wasn't released on DVD until November 21 2006.
 The Time Guardian is a 1987 Australian science fiction film.
 Bohaterowie Sybiru is a 1936 Polish drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Robbery is a 1985 Australian TV movie about the Great Bookie Robbery.
 The Reef (also known as Passion's Way) is a 1999 historical drama film directed by Robert Allan Ackerman based on the book by Edith Wharton. It starred Sela Ward Timothy Dalton Alicia Witt Jamie Glover. It was filmed in Prague Czech Republic in 1996 but did not premiere on CBS until July 1999.
 Lady Urmia (Persian: بانوی ارومیه‎) is an Iranian documentary film by Mohammad Ehsani. It was released in 2012 in Iran distributed by EhsaniPictures.
 Valley of Hunted Men is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Saheb Biwi aur Gangster (English: The Master The Wife and The Gangster) is a 2011 Bollywood romantic thriller drama film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia and starring Jimmy Shergill Mahi Gill and Randeep Hooda in lead roles. The film released on 30 September 2011 and received an extremely positive response from critics and was a moderate success at the box office. The film tells story about a royal family of U.P. but the film was shot at Devgadh Baria a princely town situated in Gujarat.
 Wild Rebels is a 1967 film directed by William Grefe. It was featured as an episode of the Comedy Central movie-mocking television series Mystery Science Theater 3000 and was released on the Collection Volume 9 box set. The tag line for the movie was They live for kicks... love for kicks... kill for kicks.The film starred Steve Alaimo as Rod Tillman a stock car driver that goes undercover as the wheel man for a motorcycle gang.
 Too Many Millions (1934) is a British comedy drama film directed by Harold Young and starring Betty Compton John Garrick and Viola Keats. In an attempt to attract the attention of the artist she loves a wealthy woman assumes the disguise of a maid.
 Back to Stay (Spanish: Abrir puertas y ventanas) is a 2011 Argentine-Swiss comedy-drama film written and directed by Milagros Mumenthaler and is her first full-length feature film. The film won the Golden Leopard at the 2011 Locarno International Film Festival and the Golden Astor at the Mar del Plata International Film Festival.
 The Greaser's Gauntlet is a 1908 American silent short adventure film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Apple Trees (German: Apfelbäume) is a 1992 German drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Bicycle Racer (Spanish: El escarabajo) is a 1983 Colombian drama film directed by Lisandro Duque Naranjo. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Fortunat (English: Fortunate) is a 1960 Franco-Italian co-production motion picture comedy directed and written by Alex Joffé based on novel by Michel Breitman. The film stars Bourvil and Michèle Morgan.It tells the story of a lazy man who helps sociable lady and her children from the Nazis.
 The Jimmy Show is a 2001 drama written and directed by Frank Whaley based on the Off-Broadway play Veins and Thumbtacks by Jonathan Marc Sherman. The film stars Whaley Carla Gugino and Ethan Hawke.
 Islam: Empire of Faith is a documentary series made in 2000 that details the history of Islam from the birth of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad to the Ottoman Empire. It is narrated by Ben Kingsley and is available as three DVDs or two video volumes in NTSC format.The first episode deals with the life of Muhammad the second with the early Caliphates Crusades and Mongol invasion and the third with the Ottoman Empire and Safavid dynasty.
 Mr. Imperium (UK title: You Belong to My Heart) is a 1951 romantic musical drama film made by MGM starring Lana Turner and singer Ezio Pinza. It was directed by Don Hartman who co-wrote the screenplay with Edwin H. Knopf based on a play by Edwin H. Knopf. The music score is by Bronisław Kaper.
 Closing the Ring is a film directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Shirley MacLaine Christopher Plummer Mischa Barton Stephen Amell Neve Campbell Pete Postlethwaite and Brenda Fricker.The film was released in both Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom on 28 December 2007.Closing The Ring is also the title of the fifth volume of Winston Churchill's six-volume memoir The Second World War.
 The Woman I Love is a 1937 American film about a romantic triangle involving two World War I fighter pilots and the wife of one of them. It stars Paul Muni Miriam Hopkins and Louis Hayward. Anatole Litvak's Hollywood directorial debut was a remake of his French film L'Equipage which was in turn based on Joseph Kessel's novel of the same name. This was the last film for actor Colin Clive and was released after his death in 1937.
 Kusum Kusum Prem (Bengali: কুসুম কুসুম প্রেম) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. It was released 2011. The film directed by Mushfiqur Rahman Gulzar who also wrote the story. The film produced by Impress Telefilm Limited. Film stars Moushumi Ferdous and Riaz in lead roles along with ATM Shamsuzzaman Prabir Mitra Khaleda Akter Kalpana Amol Bose and Nasima Khan.
 El revólver sangriento (English: The Bloody Revolver) is a 1964 Mexican western-drama film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Luis Aguilar Lola Beltrán Flor Silvestre Emilio Fernández Manuel Capetillo Antonio Aguilar and Irma Dorantes as credited in the film's theatrical posters. The lead actors were credited in an unusual rigorous appearance on the screen style where the film's main characters are not ordered by importance but by on-screen appearance.
 The Tune is an animated film by American filmmaker Bill Plympton.
 Palais de danse is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Mabel Poulton John Longden and Robin Irvine.
 Captivity is a 2007 horror thriller film directed by Roland Joffé based on a screenplay by Larry Cohen and Joseph Tura and starring Elisha Cuthbert. The film centers on two people who have been abducted and driven mad.
 Under Suspicion is a 2000 American film directed by Stephen Hopkins. It stars Gene Hackman Morgan Freeman Monica Bellucci and Thomas Jane. The film is based on the 1981 French film Garde à vue and the 1970s British novel Brainwash written by John Wainwright. It was screened out of competition at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Not to be confused with the 1918 film Huck and Tom.Tom and Huck is a 1995 American adventure film based on Mark Twain's novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas Brad Renfro Mike McShane and Amy Wright. The film was directed by Peter Hewitt and produced/co-written by Stephen Sommers (who also worked on another Disney adaptation of Twain's work 1993's The Adventures of Huck Finn). The movie was released in the U.S.
 Namus (Armenian: Նամուս meaning honor) is a 1925 silent film by Hamo Beknazarian based on Alexander Shirvanzade's 1885 novel of the same name which denounces the despotic rites and customs of Caucasian families. It is widely recognized as the first Armenian feature film.
 DC Showcase: Jonah Hex is a 2010 short animated film directed by Joaquim Dos Santos and written by noted Western comics writer Joe R. Lansdale featuring Thomas Jane as disfigured bounty hunter Jonah Hex on the trail of a ruthless brothel madame who has murdered his latest quarry.
 The Birds is a 1963 suspense/horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock loosely based on the 1952 story The Birds by Daphne du Maurier. It depicts Bodega Bay California which is suddenly and for unexplained reasons the subject of a series of widespread and violent bird attacks over the course of a few days.The film features the screen debut of Tippi Hedren. It also starred Rod Taylor Jessica Tandy Suzanne Pleshette and Veronica Cartwright.The screenplay was written by Evan Hunter.
 Documentary on Nripen Ganguly is a documentary film directed by Arin Paul.
 Father of Invention is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Trent Cooper and starring Kevin Spacey Camilla Belle and Johnny Knoxville.
 Stranger Than Paradise is a 1984 American absurdist/deadpan comedy film. It was written and directed by Jim Jarmusch and stars jazz musician John Lurie former Sonic Youth drummer-turned-actor Richard Edson and Hungarian-born actress Eszter Balint. The film features a minimalist plot in which the main character Willie has a cousin from Hungary Eva stay with him for ten days before going to Cleveland. Willie and his friend Eddie eventually go to Cleveland to visit Eva.
 Finishing the Game is a 2007 mockumentary which focuses on Bruce Lee's final movie Game of Death. Lee died prior to finishing that movie having shot only a few of the final fight scenes. However the rest of the film was finished using a Bruce Lee double and a new script. Finishing the Game is a comedy which satirizes the production of Lee's final film while dealing with racial stereotypes on the Asian community. It was shot in a mere 18 days.
 Salvation! (also known as Salvation!: Have You Said Your Prayers Today?) is a 1987 film by Beth B starring Viggo Mortensen Exene Cervenka and Stephen McHattie. The film is a parody of televangelism released right after the real-life Jim Bakker and Jimmy Swaggart scandals.The film was released on VHS but not as yet on DVD.The film tagline was SEX. POWER. MONEY. All in the name of God.
 Talk Of Angels is a film directed in 1996 by Nick Hamm but not released by its production company Miramax until 1998. The film received mostly unfavorable comparisons to Casablanca Dr.
 They Flew Alone (released in the US as Wings and the Woman) is a 1942 British biopic about aviator Amy Johnson directed and produced by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Robert Newton and Edward Chapman. It was distributed in the UK and the US by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Anu (Kannada: ಅನು) is a 2009 Kannada language film starring Pooja Gandhi in the lead role. It is directed by Shivaganapathi and produced by Balu. Background music is composed by music director Shekar Chandra. This is a remake of the Telugu film Anasuya which was directed by Ravi Babu with Bhoomika Chawla in the lead. The film was released on 9 January 2009.
 Kalla Kulla (Kannada: ಕಳ್ಳ ಕುಳ್ಳ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Shastry Associates. The story is written by M. D. Sundar. The film features Vishnuvardhan Dwarakish Bhavani and Jayalakshmi in the lead roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and story upon release. The songs tuned by Rajan-Nagendra were huge hits.
 Fire and Ice is a 1983 American animated adventure-fantasy film directed by Ralph Bakshi. The film a collaboration between Bakshi and Frank Frazetta was distributed by 20th Century Fox which also distributed Bakshi's 1977 release Wizards.
 The Toy Wife is a 1938 drama film directed by Richard Thorpe. The period film was produced by Merian C. Cooper written by Zoë Akins and had Luise Rainer and Melvyn Douglas in the leading roles.
 Audrey was a 1916 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players Film Company and released through Paramount Pictures. The film stars Pauline Frederick and was directed by Robert G. Vignola. It is based on a novel of the same name about an orphan by Mary Johnston. The film is now considered lost.
 Skylark is a 1941 film directed by Mark Sandrich and starring Claudette Colbert Ray Milland and Brian Aherne. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Recording (Loren L. Ryder Paramount SSD).
 Bleak Moments is a 1971 British film the first film of Mike Leigh. It began as a 75-minute stage play in March 1970 at the Open Space Theatre. Leigh and Les Blair had formed their own company Autumn Productions and Leigh wanted to make a film of Bleak Moments. He was able to when Albert Finney and Michael Medwin's Memorial Films who had recently made If.... and were about to produce Gumshoe delivered the main financial backing as well as unused spare bits of film rolls.
 Oh My God !! is an Indian film released on 5 December 2008. The film is aboout an employee who puts more time trying to get people to invest in a money-making scheme.
 Mad City is a 1997 hostage thriller film written by Tom Matthews and Eric Williams directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Dustin Hoffman John Travolta Mia Kirshner Alan Alda Blythe Danner Ted Levine Raymond J. Barry and Larry King.
 The Two-Headed Spy is a 1958 British spy thriller set in World War II. It starred Jack Hawkins and was directed by Andre De Toth. It also starred Gia Scala Erik Schumann and Alexander Knox.
 Red Dragon is a 2002 American crime thriller film based on Thomas Harris' novel of the same name featuring psychiatrist and serial killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter. It is a prequel to both The Silence of the Lambs (1991) and Hannibal (2001).
 Bus Stop is a 1956 film directed by Joshua Logan for 20th Century Fox starring Marilyn Monroe Don Murray Arthur O'Connell Betty Field Eileen Heckart Robert Bray and Hope Lange. The film was released on August 31 1956.Unlike most of Marilyn Monroe's movies Bus Stop is neither a full-fledged comedy nor a musical but rather a dramatic piece; it was the first film Marilyn appeared in after studying at the Actors Studio in New York.
 Don Carmelo il capo is a 1976 Argentine film.
 The Fighting Eagle is a 1927 silent film adventure and romance drama starring Rod La Rocque. It was directed by Donald Crisp and produced by Cecil B. DeMille. A surviving film in several collections and out on dvd.
 Autumn Trip (Hangul: 가을여행; RR: Ga-eul-yeohaeng) is a 1991 South Korean film by Kwak Jae-yong. It revolves around a journey of five people went on different paths to discover their wounds.
 Pantalones cortos (English: Short pants) is a 1949 Argentine black-and-white film directed by Leopoldo Torres Ríos and written by him and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson. It was premiered on June 22 1949.
 Canción de cuna (Lullaby) is a 1953 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Theodore Rex also known as T. Rex is a 1995 buddy cop/science fiction/family film written and directed by Jonathan Betuel and starring Whoopi Goldberg. Though originally intended for theatrical release the film went direct-to-video and consequently became the most expensive direct-to-video film ever made at the time of its release.The film was not well received and saw Whoopi Goldberg being nominated for Worst Actress at the 1996 Golden Raspberry Awards (as well as for Bogus and Eddie).
 The Mistress of Spices (2005) is a film by Paul Mayeda Berges with a screenplay by Gurinder Chadha and Berges. It is based upon the novel The Mistress of Spices by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni. The film stars Aishwarya Rai. The soundtrack was created by Craig Pruess who also contributed to the Bend It Like Beckham soundtrack.
 Ushpizin (Hebrew האושפיזין) (lit. the Sukkot guests from Aramaic ushpizin אושפיזין guests) is a 2004 Israeli film directed by Gidi Dar and written by Shuli Rand. It starred Rand and his wife Michal who had never acted before.
 Agente Segreto 070: Thunderbay Missione Grasshopper is a 1966 Italian spy film directed by Burton van Hooven a possible alias of Cesare Canevari. It is a spoof of James Bond's Thunderball and a sequel to Un tango dalla Russia (1965) with Dan Christian repeating his role as Agente 070.
 The Magician of Lublin is a 1979 film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan. The film is based on The Magician of Lublin by Isaac Bashevis Singer. The title song The Magician was performed by Kate Bush.
 The Fascinating Mrs. Francis is a 1909 American silent short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith. The Internet Movie Database lists Mary Pickford as appearing in this short. However Pickford did not begin with Biograph until the end of April 1909.
 While There is Still Time is a 1943 short Australian dramatised documentary directed by Charles Chauvel about Australian soldiers during World War II. It was the second in a series of films produced by the Austerity Loan Campaign.
 A Thief Catcher is a one-reel 1914 American-made motion picture produced by Mack Sennett for his Keystone film company directed by Ford Sterling and starring Sterling Mack Swain Edgar Kennedy and Charles Chaplin as a policeman. Chaplin had claimed in interviews that he'd played a bit-role as a policeman while at Keystone Studios.
 The Biggest Fan is a film based around the band Dream Street (Chris Trousdale Jesse McCartney Matt Ballinger Frankie J. Galasso and Greg Raposo). The main characters are Chris Trousdale (playing himself) and his Biggest Fan Debbie Worden (played by newcomer Kaila Amariah). It was made in 2002 just before the band split; however the film's release was postponed pending the outcome of a lawsuit between some of the band members and the band's management.
 Shoulder Arms is Charlie Chaplin's second film for First National Pictures. Released in 1918 it is a silent comedy set in France during World War I. The main part of the film actually occurs in a dream. It co-starred Edna Purviance and Sydney Chaplin Chaplin's brother. It is Chaplin's shortest feature film.
 Template:UnrefencedWhere Eskimos Live (AKA Tam gdzie żyją Eskimosi) is a feature film released in 2002 under Polish-American-British and Germany co-operation.Sharkey posing as a UNICEF rescuer of war orphans but really part of the sinister world of child trade picks up Vlado an orphan of war dreaming of freedom and a better life. They embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war-torn Bosnia.
 Ragini MMS is a 2011 Bollywood found footage horror film directed by Pawan Kripalani and produced by Jeetendra and Shobha Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms. It was released on 13 May 2011 (Friday the 13th). The film is inspired by the 2007 American supernatural horror film Paranormal Activity and is partly based on the real story of a girl from Delhi named Deepika.
 The Lower Depths (French: Les Bas-fonds) is a 1936 French drama film directed by Jean Renoir based on a play of the same title by Maxim Gorky. The film is an example of the poetic realism. It received the first Louis Delluc Prize in 1937.Akira Kurosawa also directed a Japanese film version of Gorky's play Donzoko (1957). Both are available on one DVD from the The Criterion Collection.
 Flor silvestre (Wildflower) is a 1943 Mexican film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz. Is the first Mexican movie of Dolores del Río after her career in Silent and Golden Age's Hollywood films. It's the first movie of an extended collaboration between Fernández-Del Rio-Armendáriz Gabriel Figueroa (cinematography) and Mauricio Magdaleno (writer). It also marked the debut of Emilia Guiú in a small role as an extra.
 Cash stylized as Ca$h is a 2008 film directed by Eric Besnard.
 Casi Casi (English Translation: Almost Nearly) is a 2006 Puerto Rican film written and directed by brothers Jaime and Tony Vallés. It received a theatrical release in Puerto Rico in early 2007.The film takes place in a Catholic school in Puerto Rico where the main character Emilio is infatuated with Jacklynne the most popular girl in his school.
 The Intelligence Men is a 1965 comedy film starring the British comic duo Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise.The film is subtitled M.I.5 plus 2 equals 0. In the US the film was retitled as The Spylarks.The film was successful enough to enable Morecambe and Wise to make two further films - That Riviera Touch and The Magnificent Two.
 The Ghoul is a 1975 British Tyburn Film Productions horror film starring Peter Cushing Veronica Carlson John Hurt and Alexandra Bastedo. In the United States the film was released as Night Of The Ghoul and The Thing In The Attic.
 Not One Less (Chinese: 一个都不能少; pinyin: yíge dōu bùnéng shǎo) is a 1999 drama film by Chinese director Zhang Yimou adapted from Shi Xiangsheng's 1997 story A Sun in the Sky (Chinese: 天上有个太阳; pinyin: tiān shàng yǒu ge tàiyáng).
 The Column (Romanian: Columna) is a 1968 Romanian historical film directed by Mircea Drăgan. The film was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. The action starts near the end of the Trajan's Dacian Wars (106 AD) when south western Dacia was transformed into a Roman province: Roman Dacia.
 Bigger Than the Sky is a 2005 film directed by Al Corley.
 Ajeyo (Assamese: অজেয় English: Invincible) is a 2014 Assamese language drama film directed by Jahnu Barua; based on the Sahitya Akademi Award winner 1997 Assamese novel Ashirbador Rong written by Arun Sharma and adapted as screenplay by the director himself. It was produced by Shankar Lall Goenka and stars Rupam Chetia and Jupitora Bhuyan in the lead roles.
 Cupid Angling (1918) is a silent film only feature film photographed in Douglass Natural Color process.The film was produced by Leon F. Douglass's National Color Film Company in the Lake Lagunitas area of Marin County California and was made in the Douglass Natural Color process the only feature film made in this process. Douglass was also a partner in the founding of the Victor Talking Machine Company.
 The Concorde ... Airport '79 is a 1979 American disaster film (in the UK it was released a year later as Airport '80: The Concorde). The film was the fourth and final installment of the Airport series. Panned by critics the film also flopped at the box office. Produced on a then high budget of $14 million it earned a little over $13 million thus ending the enormous financial success of the Airport franchise.
 Birdman is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu. The film stars Michael Keaton Emma Stone Edward Norton Andrea Riseborough Zach Galifianakis Naomi Watts and Amy Ryan. The film will be released on October 17 2014.
 Poppoya (鉄道員 Poppoya or Tetsudōin lit. Railroad Man) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Yasuo Furuhata. It was Japan's submission to the 72nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony. The film was the 3rd highest grossing film of the year in Japan.
 The Aryan (1916) is an American silent era western motion picture starring William S. Hart Gertrude Claire Charles K. French Louise Glaum and Bessie Love.Directed by William S. Hart and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was written by C. Gardner Sullivan.Although Hart was assisted by Reginald Barker and Clifford Smith he mostly directed the movie by himself.
 Chitchat on the Nile (Arabic: ثرثرة فوق النيل‎) (Adrift on the Nile) is a 1971 film based on the novel by Egyptian Nobel Laureate Naguib Mahfouz.
 Goya's Ghosts is a 2006 Spanish-American film directed by Miloš Forman and written by him and Jean-Claude Carrière. The film stars Natalie Portman Javier Bardem and Stellan Skarsgård and was filmed on location in Spain during late 2005.
 Ek Mon Ek Pran (Bengali: এক মন এক প্রাণ) is an Dhallywood romance drama film directed by Sohanoor Rahman Sohan. The film stars Shakib Khan and Apu Biswas & Toma Mirza in lead roles. the film is based on a love triangle with Toma Mirza also starring opposite Khan as the second female lead. also features Misha Shadoger Afzal Sharif and Ali raz in supporting roles. and was released on April 20 2012 it opened very well at the box office and was declared a super hit.
 Kajraare is a Bollywood film that released on 15 October 2010. The film was directed by Pooja Bhatt and starred Indian singer and music composer Himesh Reshammiya and the Pakistani-born actress Sara Loren. Himesh plays a singer who falls in love with a bar dancer and the film is centred on how they find true love. It is the first Hindi film to be shot in Petra often called the eighth wonder of the world.
 To Grandmother's House We Go is a 1992 Christmas television film starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. The film's title is one of the first lines of Lydia Maria Child's Thanksgiving song Over the River and through the Woods. It debuted on ABC with unexpected success mostly because of the already-growing popularity of the Olsen Twins.
 Go West (1925) is a silent movie starring Buster Keaton.Keaton portrays Friendless who travels west to try to make his fortune.
 Northwest Trail is a 1945 American contemporary Northwestern film directed by Derwin Abrahams shot in Cinecolor at Lake Hemet California. It stars Bob Steele Joan Woodbury and Madge Bellamy making a comeback appearance in her final film.
 Porkkalam (Tamil: போர்க்களம்; English: Battlefield) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by debutant Bandi saroj kumar. Starring Kishore of Polladhavan and Vennila Kabaddi Kuzhu fame Tinnu Anand who starred in Mani Ratnam's Nayagan and Bombay comedy actor Sathyan and Smitha a newcomer from Karnataka in lead roles and seven artists as Villains the film has musical score by Rohit Kulkarni and cinematography by Devaraj D.Deva and Mahendran.
 Godfather is a 2012 Indian Kannada-language drama film directed by cinematographer-turned- director Sethu Sriram starring Upendra and Soundarya Jayamala in the lead roles. Catherine Tresa also plays a prominent role and Bhumika Chawla makes a special appearance.The film is remake of the 2006 Tamil blockbuster Varalaru that starred Ajith Kumar Asin Thottumkal and Kanika Subramaniam in the lead roles. Internationally acclaimed composer A. R.
 The Body Stealers also known as Thin Air is a 1969 British science fiction film directed by Gerry Levy about the disappearance of British military paratroopers in mid-air whilst on a routine jump. Two investigators try to figure out what happened and uncover an alien plot to steal bodies of earthlings by snatching them out of the air.
 Lucky is a 2012 Kannada romantic film starring Yash and Ramya in the lead roles. The film is directed by Dr. Soori a Veterinarian doctor by profession who makes his debut in film direction. Arjun Janya is the music director of the film. Actress turned producer Radhika Kumaraswamy has produced the venture under Shamika Enterprises along with the assistance of H. D. Kumaraswamy and v Raghavendra Bunty. The film released across Karnataka cinema halls on 24 February 2012.
 Bhanvara is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Lotta på Bråkmakargatan is a 1992 Swedish film based on the books by Astrid Lindgren. It's followed by Lotta flyttar hemifrån.
 The Monastery of Sendomir (Swedish: Klostret i Sendomir) is a 1920 Swedish drama directed by Victor Sjöström based on a 1828 short story by Franz Grillparzer. It has also been released in the UK as The Secret of the Monastery. A German adaptation of the story The Monastery of Sendomir directed by Rudolf Meinert had been released the previous year.
 Lakhan is a 1979 Hindi film starring Ranjeeta Kaur Padma Khanna Navin Nischol and Amrish Puri.
 The Song of Sparrows (Âvâz-e gonjeshk-hâ) (Persian: آواز گنجشک‌ها ‎) is a 2008 Iranian movie directed by Majid Majidi. It tells the story of Karim a man who works at an ostrich farm until he is fired because one of the ostriches escaped. He finds a new job in Tehran but he faces new problems in his personal life.This film opened to critical acclaim.
 The 10 Commandments of Chloe is a 2012 American drama film directed by Princeton Holt and starring Naama Kates. The film was also co-written and co-produced by Holt and Kates.
 Double Crossbones is a 1951 American Technicolor film starring Donald O'Connor Helena Carter and Will Geer.
 In the kingdom of oil and millions (Azerbaijani: Neft və milyolnar səltənətində) – is an art film of 1916 shot by film-director Boris Svetlov basing on the motifs of I.Musabeyov’s narrative of the same name. It is considered the first art film in the history of Azerbaijan.
 Full Contact (Chinese: 俠盜高飛) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Ringo Lam and starring Chow Yun-fat Simon Yam Anthony Wong and Ann Bridgewater.
 Three Modern Women (Chinese: 三个摩登女性; pinyin: Sāngè Módēng Nǚxìng) is a 1932 Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and written by Tian Han. The film tells a story about the romantic relationships between a movie star and three women representing three archetypes of contemporary women. Released by the Lianhua Film Company it was highly popular and won praise from left-wing critics.
 Crime or Punishment ?!? (罪とか罰とか Tsumitoka batsutoka) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Keralino Sandorovich.
 The Medium (also known as Medium Rare) is Singapore's first full-length English language film. It was released in local cinemas in late 1991 and produced by Singaporean Errol Pang. It was initially supposed to be directed by a Singaporean Tony Yeow then by an American Stan Barret and finally by Arthur Smith who was British. The Medium was initially seen as a revival of the local film industry. Starring Brenda Bakke Margaret Chan and Dore Kraus.
 Bangkok Haunted (Thai: ผีสามบาท) is a 2001 Thai horror film compilation directed by Oxide Pang and Pisut Praesangeam. It is a trio of ghost stories as told by three people sitting around in a darkened Bangkok bar.
 The lesson (Russian: Урок Urok Armenian: Դաս) is a Soviet/Armenian science fiction short film directed by Armenian animator Robert Sahakyants produced by the Armenfilm studio.
 America the Beautiful is an American documentary film directed by Darryl Roberts about self-image in the United States. The film had a limited release on August 1 2008.
 The Old Man and the Sea is a 1958 film starring Spencer Tracy in a portrayal for which he was nominated for a best actor Oscar. The screenplay (the most literal word-for-word rendition of a written story ever filmed) was adapted by Peter Viertel from the novella of the same name by Ernest Hemingway and the film was directed by John Sturges.
 God Forbid a Worse Thing Should Happen (Ne dao Bog većeg zla) is a 2002 Croatian film directed by Snježana Tribuson. It is based on a novel of the same name by Goran Tribuson.
 Vettai Mannan (English: Hunting King) is an upcoming Tamil action-thriller film written and directed by debutante director Nelson. The film will feature Jai Silambarasan Hansika Motwani and Deeksha Seth in lead roles. It is produced by S. S. Chakravarthy and features background score and soundtrack composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 You Are the Apple of My Eye (Chinese: 那些年，我們一起追的女孩 literally In Those Years The Girl We All Went After) is a 2011 Taiwanese Romance film. It is based on the semi-autobiographical novel of the same name by Taiwanese author Giddens Ko who also made his directorial debut with the film. The film stars Ko Chen-tung as Ko Ching-teng a prankster and a mischievous student who eventually becomes a writer.
 Ja saapuu oikea yö is a 2012 Finnish thriller film directed by Jyri Kähönen. The story evolves around two young lovers who are planning to murder the girl's father.
 Everybody Go Home (Italian: Tutti a casa) is a 1960 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Luigi Comencini. It features an international cast including the U.S. actors Martin Balsam Alex Nicol and the Franco-Italian Serge Reggiani. Nino Manfredi was rejected for the starring role because Alberto Sordi wanted it.The film is one of the most famous films of the Commedia all'italiana genre and is set during the Allied invasion of Italy in 1943.
 Tarzan's Secret Treasure is a 1941 Tarzan film based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the fifth in the MGM Tarzan series to star Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan.
 I Robot is a 2004 American dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas. The screenplay was written by Jeff Vintar and Akiva Goldsman and is inspired by (suggested by according to the end credits) Isaac Asimov's short-story collection of the same name. Will Smith stars in the lead role of the film as Detective Del Spooner.
 Admissions is a 2011 American short film written by John Viscount and directed by Harry Kakatsakis. The film revolves around an Israeli couple and a Palestinian man that killed them in a suicide bombing. The three are placed in an admissions room for the afterlife and must plead their case before the clerk (James Cromwell). The film received funds from a successful Kickstarter campaign.
 The Tricky Master (千王之王2000) is a 1999 Hong Kong crime comedy gambling film directed by Wong Jing.
 Du rififi chez les femmes (Strife Among the Women) is a French-Italian film directed by Alex Joffé and released in 1959.
 The Naked Island (Japanese: 裸の島 Hadaka no shima) is a 1960 Japanese art film directed by Kaneto Shindō. The film was made in black-and-white and is notable for having no spoken dialogue.
 Angoroj (1964; Esperanto for Agonies) was the first feature film to be produced entirely in Esperanto. It was directed and produced by Jacques-Louis Mahé a friend of Raymond Schwartz who under the pseudonym 'Lorjak' had previously produced a silent Esperanto publicity film before World War II titled Antaŭen! (Onwards!).At the start of the 1960s Mahé a professional photographic and cinematic expert invested in the production of the first fictional film in Esperanto.
 Leadbelly is a 1976 film chronicling the life of folk singer Huddie William Ledbetter (better known as Lead Belly). The film was directed by Gordon Parks and starred Roger E. Mosley in the title role. The film focuses on the troubles of Lead Belly's youth in the segregated South including his time in prison and his efforts to use his music to gain release.
 Delhi-6 (Hindi: दिल्ली 6) is a 2009 Hindi-language Indian drama film directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra and starring Abhishek Bachchan Sonam Kapoor Om Puri Waheeda Rahman Rishi Kapoor Atul Kulkarni Deepak Dobriyal and Divya Dutta. The story is reportedly based on Mehra's growing up years in Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi. The number 6 refers to the Postal Index Number (PIN) code of Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi a shortened form of 110006.
 A Short History of Decay is a film written and directed by Michael Maren. It stars Bryan Greenberg Linda Lavin Harris Yulin Emmanuelle Chriqui Benjamin King and Kathleen Rose Perkins. Though its title is taken from the work of philosophy by Emil Cioran it is not an adaptation of the book.The film was shot in October and November 2012 in Wilmington NC Wrightsville Beach NC and New York City. It premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 12 2013.
 The Culpepper Cattle Co. is a 1972 Revisionist Western film produced by Twentieth Century Fox. It was directed by Dick Richards and starred Billy Green Bush as Frank Culpepper and Gary Grimes as Ben Mockridge. This was the first credited film for Jerry Bruckheimer for which he received an associate producer credit.
 Tom Dick & Harry is a Bollywood comedy film released on May 12 2006. It stars Dino Morea Jimmy Shergill Anuj Sawhney Celina Jaitley Kim Sharma Gulshan Grover and Shakti Kapoor. It had music by Himesh Reshammiya who made a special appearance in the film.It pays a small tribute to Bollywood as it contains multiple references to older films and has a number of unforgettable Bollywood characters from earlier movies.
 Coastlines is an independent 2002 dramatic film written and directed by Victor Nunez.
 Health Warning (alternate titles: Da Lei Tai Da Lui Toi Future Flash Kung Fu Digital Master) is a 1983 Hong Kong film directed by Kirk Wong. It is a dystopian sci-fi kung fu film set in the future.
 The Railroad (Hangul: 경의선; RR: Gyeongui-seon) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Kang-woo and Son Tae-young. The second feature film of writer and director Park Heung-sik it was also co-produced and co-edited by his wife Park Gok-ji. The Railroad won the FIPRESCI award and Best Actor for Kim Kang-woo at the 25th Torino Film Festival. The name is taken from the Gyeongui Line.
 The Haverstraw Tunnel is an early black and white silent film released in 1897 by the American Mutoscope Company. It is considered to be the first example of a phantom ride and features a train travelling along the West Shore Railroad in Rockland County New York and then through the eponymous tunnel.
 A Game Chicken is a lost 1922 silent film romantic-comedy produced by Realart and distributed by Paramount Pictures. This film starred Bebe Daniels and was directed by Chester Franklin.
 Jude is a 1996 British period drama film directed by Michael Winterbottom and written by Hossein Amini based on Thomas Hardy's novel Jude the Obscure. The original music score was composed by Adrian Johnston.The film was shot in late 1995 in Edinburgh and locations in County Durham including Durham Cathedral Durham City Ushaw College Blanchland village and Beamish museum.
 Suburban Virgin (Finnish: Espoon viimeinen neitsyt) is a 2003 Finnish television drama film directed by Hanna Maylett. The film was made for Yle TV1 using amateur actors. Suburban Virgin follows a hitchhiking journey of two 16-year-old girls.The literal translation of the original title Espoon viimeinen neitsyt would be the last virgin of Espoo.
 Teen Thay Bhai is a 2011 Hindi comedy film directed by Mrighdeep Lamba produced by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra Productions and PVR Pictures. The film stars Om Puri Shreyas Talpade Deepak Dobriyal Ragini Khanna and Yograj Singh.
 The Tamale Vendor is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Applause is a 2009 Danish film starring Paprika Steen from director/co-writer Martin Peter Zandvliet and Koncern Film. The story relates actress Thea Barfoed’s (Paprika Steen) journey to reclaim her life and her family from the ravages of alcoholism and divorce.
 Red Alert: The War Within is an Indian film that released theatrically in India on 9 July 2010. The drama is based on the true story of Narasimha who gets caught up in a clash between police and Naxalites and is then forced to work with the latter.Red Alert premiered at the 6th Stuttgart Film Festival in 2009.
 Doctor Zhivago is a British 1965 epic drama–romance film directed by David Lean starring Omar Sharif and Julie Christie. The film is loosely based on the famous novel of the same name by Boris Pasternak. It has remained popular for decades and as of 2014 is the eighth highest-grossing film of all time adjusted for inflation.
 Oru Thalai Raagam is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film produced and directed by E.M.Ibrahim starring Shankar Roopa Chandrasekhar Usha Rajendar and Ravindran. Even though the title card shows E.M.Ibrahim as the director the film has been actually ghost directed by Vijaya T. Rajendar. E.M.Ibrahim has been credited as director for the 1981 film Thaniyatha Thagam as well.
 Do Aankhen Barah Haath (Hindi: दो आँखें बारह हाथ English: Two Eyes Twelve Hands) is a 1957 Hindi film directed by V. Shantaram who also starred in the film. It is considered one of the classics of Hindi cinema and is based on humanistic psychology. It won a Silver Bear at the 8th Berlin International Film Festival and was the first Indian film to win Golden Globe Award in the category Samuel Goldwyn Award.
 The Shooter also known as Hidden Assassin is a 1995 American action drama directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Dolph Lundgren as a United States Marshall who gets caught up in politics when he is hired to solve the assassination of a Cuban ambassador.There are two versions released for this film: the international cut running 104 minutes and the shorter cut running 89 minutes released in the U.S.
 Case for a Rookie Hangman (Czech: Případ pro začínajícího kata) is a Czech drama film directed by Pavel Juráček. It was released in 1970. The movie belongs to the Czech New Wave.The movie can be classified as a surrealist or absurdist satire and it is based loosely on the third book of Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift but the story is transferred to an early 20th-century world in decay.
 The One Percent is a 2006 documentary about the growing wealth gap between America's wealthy elite compared to the overall citizenry. It was created by Jamie Johnson an heir to the Johnson & Johnson fortune and produced by Jamie Johnson and Nick Kurzon. The film's title refers to the top one percent of Americans in terms of wealth who controlled 42.2 percent of total financial wealth in 2004.The film premiered on April 29 2006 at the Tribeca Film Festival.
 The Seduction is a 1982 thriller film starring Morgan Fairchild and Andrew Stevens written and directed by David Schmoeller. The original music score was composed by Lalo Schifrin. The film was marketed with the tagline Alone... terrified...
 Skibet er ladet med is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Kjeld Petersen.
 Rumor Has It... (Rumour Has It... in the United Kingdom Australia and Canada) is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Rob Reiner starring Jennifer Aniston Kevin Costner Shirley MacLaine and Mark Ruffalo. The screenplay by Ted Griffin derives from a real-life rumor[citation needed] about the family in the 1963 novel The Graduate by Charles Webb.
 Model Shop is a 1969 film by French writer-director Jacques Demy starring Gary Lockwood Alexandra Hay and Anouk Aimée and featuring a guest appearance by Spirit who also recorded the soundtrack. Demy made Model Shop which was his first English-language film following the international success of his film The Umbrellas of Cherbourg.Aimée reprises the title role from Demy's 1960 French-language film Lola.Watched by Don Draper in the opening scene of Mad Men Season 7 Ep. 3.
 Trishulam (translation: Trident)is a 1982 Telugu drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and starring Krishnam Raju Sridevi Jayasudha Raadhika Prabhakar Reddy Gollapudi Maruti Rao and Rao Gopal Rao in the main lead. It is remade in Hindi as Naya Kadam (1984).
 Los Doctores las prefieren desnudas is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Ginrin (or Silver Ring 銀輪) is Toshio Matsumoto's debut film. He made it in 1955 as an English Language PR film although a relatively avant-garde one. The film score was the first by Toru Takemitsu. It was believed lost for many many years however a copy has been recently found. It is believed that a DVD of this lost film is forthcoming.
 The Human Experience (2008) is a documentary produced by Grassroots Films. The film tells the story of Jeffrey Azize and his travels as he searches for answers to the question What does it mean to be human?. The film is divided into the three experiences which take Jeffrey and his friends to New York Peru and Ghana. The Human Experience is rated PG-13.
 Running Out of Time (Chinese: 暗戰; pinyin: Àn zhàn; Cantonese Yale: Am3 jin3; literal title: Hidden War) is a 1999 Hong Kong action thriller film produced and directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau and Lau Ching-Wan. It was followed by a sequel Running Out of Time 2 which was released in 2001.
 Bomma Borusa (Telugu: బొమ్మా బొరుసా) (English title Heads or Tails?) is a 1971 Indian Telugu language Comedy / Drama film directed by Padma Shri awardee K. Balachander.Its remake of the Tamil film Poova Thalaiya directed by K.Balachander himself. The film stars Chandra Mohan S. Varalakshmi Chalam Vennirade Nirmala Allu Ramalingaiah Mukkamala Raja Babu and Ramaprabha.It was produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar and distributed by AVM Productions. The film music was composed by R.
 Black and Blue is a 1999 American made for TV movie. Based on the novel by Anna Quindlen.
 Don Frutos Gómez is a 1961 Argentine film directed by Rubén W. Cavallotti.
 Canaris is a 1954 West German drama film directed by Alfred Weidenmann and starring O.E. Hasse Barbara Rütting and Adrian Hoven. It portrays real events during the Second World War when Wilhelm Canaris the head of German military intelligence was arrested and executed for his involvement with the 20 July Plot to overthrow Adolf Hitler. The film was a major success at the German box office possibly because it allowed audiences to identify with a heroic German figure disassociated from Nazism.
 Target: The Final Mission is a 2010 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Raja Chanda starring Mithun Chakraborty in the leading role.
 Pete 'n' Tillie is a 1972 American comedy-drama film starring Walter Matthau and Carol Burnett in the title roles. Its advertising tagline was Honeymoon's over. It's time to get married.Martin Ritt directed. Screenwriter Julius J. Epstein was nominated for an Academy Award for adapting the story from two novels by Peter De Vries: The Blood of the Lamb and Witch's Milk. Epstein later adapted another De Vries novel for the film Reuben Reuben.
 The Te Kooti Trail is a 1927 New Zealand film. It premiered at the Strand Theatre Auckland on 17 November 1927 and was billed as New Zealand’s greatest production.Adapted from a newspaper serial written by Frank Bodle The Te Kooti Trail was based on the account of the sacking of Mill Farm at Te Poronu related in volume 2 of James Cowan’s The New Zealand Wars.
 Dus (Hindi: दस translation: Ten) is a 2005 Bollywood action spy thriller film directed by Anubhav Sinha and produced by Nitin Manmohan. It stars Sanjay Dutt Sunil Shetty Abhishek Bachchan Shilpa Shetty Zayed Khan and Esha Deol in lead roles.The film is a tribute to celebrated director Mukul S. Anand who had died while filming the 1997 incomplete film of the same name and which had also starred Sanjay Dutt in the lead role.
 The Chinese Bungalow is a 1926 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Matheson Lang Genevieve Townsend and Juliette Compton. It was based on the play The Chinese Bungalow which was adapted for further films in 1930 and 1940.It was made by Stoll Pictures whose principal star throughout the 1920s was Lang.
 Lettere di una novizia (internationally released as Letters by a Novice and Rita) is a 1960 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is loosely based on the novel with the same title by Guido Piovene. The film was coproduced by France where it was released with the title La novice.
 For the 1930 film starring Jack Benny see The Medicine Man (1930 film).The Medicine Man (1933) is a British comedy film directed by Redd Davis and starring Claud Allister Frank Pettingell Pat Paterson and Ben Welden. A young man impersonates a doctor.
 The Sadist (also known as Profile of Terror and Sweet Baby Charlie) is a 1963 black-and-white exploitation film written and directed by James Landis and stars Arch Hall Jr. The film was distributed by Fairway International Pictures of the United States and Prima Film of Canada.The film is loosely based on the killings of Charles Starkweather upon which the films Badlands and Natural Born Killers were also based.
 Sahasram (Malayalam: സഹസ്രം) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by director Dr. Janardhanan starring Suresh Gopi Lakshmi Gopalaswamy Bala Sarayu and Sandhya in the lead roles. Later in 2013 the film was dubbed in Tamil as Ruthravathy.
 Chitrangada: The Crowning Wish is a 2012 Bengali-language film written and directed by Rituparno Ghosh. The film premiered on 25 May 2012 at the New York Indian Film Festival. The film is based on the story of Chitrāngadā from the Mahābhārata. It tells the story of a choreographer who is struggling with his gender identity.
 Man's Fate was an abandoned 1969 film to have been directed by Fred Zinnemann and produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).
 Sofia's Last Ambulance (a co-production of Germany Bulgaria and Croatia) is a feature-length observational documentary film by Bulgarian director Ilian Metev. The film premiered at the 51st Semaine de la Critique (International Critics' Week) at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where it won the inaugural France 4 Visionary Award (France 4 Prix Revelation). It was the second documentary ever to compete in the section's 51 year history.
 Histoire(s) du cinéma (pronounced: [is.twaʁ dy si.ne.ma]) is an 8-part video project begun by Jean-Luc Godard in the late 1980s and completed in 1998. The densest at 266 minutes the longest and one of the most difficult of Godard's films Histoire(s) du cinéma is an examination of the history of the concept of cinema and how it relates to the 20th century; in this sense it can also be considered a critique of the 20th century and how it perceives itself.
 Lost for Words is a 2013 romantic drama starring Sean Faris Grace Huang Will Yun Lee and Terence Yin. It was theatrically released in North America on October 18 2013.
 The Resurrection Tomb Mystery is a television documentary program produced and first broadcast on the Discovery Channel and Vision TV in Canada on Thursday April 12 at 10pm e/p during Easter week 2012.
 Code of the Cactus is a 1939 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 12 Horas (in English 12 Hours) is a 2001 Puerto Rican movie. It was written and directed by Raúl Marchand Sánchez and marked his both his screenwriting and directorial debut.The movie follows the lives of several characters during the course of a night in Santurce Puerto Rico (hence the title referring to the time from dusk to dawn).It had a six-week run in cinemas in Puerto Rico.
 Her Better Self was a 1917 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick and Thomas Meighan and directed by Robert G. Vignola. It was produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is now considered lost.
 Schrammeln is a 1944 German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Bolváry.
 The Love Nest is a 1923 American short comedy silent film written and directed by and starring Buster Keaton.
 The Lion Has Wings is a 1939 British black-and-white documentary-style propaganda war film. The film was directed by Adrian Brunel Brian Desmond Hurst Alexander Korda and Michael Powell. It was produced by London Film Productions and Alexander Korda Film Productions.The film was made at the outbreak of the Second World War released to cinemas very quickly and helped convince the government of the value of film in both the propaganda battle and the dissemination of information.
 Picnic is a 1996 Japanese film directed by Shunji Iwai. The film was shot in 1994 but not released until 1996. Coco Tsumuji and Satoru three mental asylum patients want to see the world being not allowed behind the border of the asylum. Therefore they start to explore the world by walking on the wall soon finding themselves in the outside ambience. But they still believe its right what they are doing because they are staying on the wall.
 Amorosa is a 2012 Filipino psychological horror drama film directed by Topel Lee starring Angel Aquino Enrique Gil and Martin del Rosario. This film was produced by Skylight Films and released last August 29 2012 by Star Cinema.
 The Honorable Mr. Buggs is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Anna May Wong and Oliver Hardy. This film is held by a private owner.
 Kings of South Beach is a film written by Nicholas Pileggi about an infamous operator of nightclubs in the South Beach section of Miami Beach Florida. The lead character is portrayed by Jason Gedrick and his best friend is portrayed by Donnie Wahlberg. The film premiered on March 12 2007 on the A&E Network.
 Pavalakkodi (Tamil: பவளக்கொடி) is a 1934 Tamil Film starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and directed by K. Subramanyam. It was the first film for both of them. The film's music was composed by Papanasam Sivan.
 Aadhaaram is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by George Kithu written by Lohithadas and starring Murali Suresh Gopi Geetha and Sudheesh. The film was well received in the box office.[citation needed] Murali received a Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for this film and after this success he was offered more lead roles in films.
 Harry's War is a feature length independent film (98 minutes) from American Film Consortium and Taft International Pictures released in 1981. Starring Edward Herrmann Geraldine Page Karen Grassle David Ogden Stiers Elisha Cook Salome Jens and Noble Willingham. It was written and directed by Kieth Merrill.
 Manasina Maathu is a 2011 Kannada film starring Ajay Rao and Aindrita Ray in the lead roles paired for the first time. The film is a remake of the Tamil hit Roja Kootam starring Srikanth and Bhoomika Chawla. The film has been directed by Anantha Raju and produced by Praveen. Neel has composed the music.
 The Giant of the Dolomites (Italian:Il gigante delle Dolomiti) is a 1927 Italian silent adventure film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano Aldo Marus and Elena Lunda. It was the last in a series of silent films featuring the peplum hero Maciste but the character was later revived in the 1960s.
 More Than a Secretary (1936) is an American romantic comedy film made by Columbia Pictures directed by Alfred E. Green and written by Dale Van Every and Lynn Starling. The story was adapted by Ethel Hill and Aben Kandel based on the magazine story Safari in Manhattan by Matt Taylor. It tells the story of a health magazine secretary who is in love with her boss.
 Fatwa is a 2006 American drama/thriller film starring Lauren Holly.
 Motorwali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Boccaccio is a 1936 German musical film directed by Herbert Maisch and starring Albrecht Schoenhals Gina Falckenberg and Willy Fritsch.
 Hot Summer Days (simplified Chinese: 全城热恋热辣辣; traditional Chinese: 全城熱戀熱辣辣; Mandarin Pinyin: Chuán Chéng Rè Liàn Rè Là Là; Jyutping: Cyun4 Sing4 Jit6 Lyun2 Jit6 Lat6 Lat6) is a 2010 Hong Kong romantic comedy film featuring an ensemble cast including Nicholas Tse Jacky Cheung Daniel Wu Vivian Hsu Barbie Hsu René Liu Angelababy and William Chan and also featuring a guest appearance by Maggie Cheung. It was released to celebrate both Chinese New Year and Valentine's Day.
 Manjupeyyum Munpe is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2005.
 Ummachu is a 1971 Malayalam film directed by P. Bhaskaran and written by Uroob. It is an adaptation of Uroob's highly acclaimed and popular novel of the same name (1954). The cast includes Sheela as Ummachu Madhu as Mayan and Nellikode Bhaskaran as Beeran. Uroob won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Story.
 Man to Man is a 1922 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 Valley of Wanted Men is a 1935 American film directed by Alan James.The film is also known as Wanted Men in the United Kingdom.
 Jaguar is a 1979 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 My Ex 2 : Haunted Lover (แฟนใหม่) is a 2010 Thai Horror film a sequel to My Ex.
 No basta ser madre (Not Enough to be Mother) is a 1937 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Edith's Shopping Bag (1976) is an American short documentary about the life of Edith Massey.
 Kicking the Moon Around is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Bert Ambrose Evelyn Dall and Harry Richman. In an effort to discover whether his fiancee is a golddigger a millionaire's son pretends to have lost all his money. The film marked Maureen O'Hara's screen debut as she made a cameo appearance speaking one line.
 Crimetime is an Australian film directed by Marc Gracie. It was the tenth movie of Boulevard Films and the first not written by Frank Howson. It was never completed due to the financial problems faced by Boulevard but was screened at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival in 2006 in rough cut form.
 Mama Ji (Punjabi: ਮਾਮਾ ਜੀ) also spelled incorrectly as Mamaji is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Roshan Bhardwaj produced by Gopal Saigal and S. P. Malhotra starring Gopal Saigal Indira Billi in lead roles.
 Bowery Buckaroos is a 1947 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the eighth film in the series and the last Bowery Boys film that Bobby Jordan appeared in.
 Shiva is a 2012 Kannada action film starring Shivarajkumar directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced by K. P. Srikanth under Company films banner. The film also stars Ragini Dwivedi in the female lead role. This venture marks the 101st feature film for the actor Shivarajkumar.
 Bholi Lutaran is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Run! Bitch Run! is a 2009 American rape and revenge film emulating the style of grindhouse-era productions. It follows two Catholic schoolgirls who selling religious paraphernalia door-to-door to fund their education are brutally raped and left for dead. One of them surviving the affair returns with a shotgun to exact revenge on her tormentors.
 Detective Lloyd (1932) is a Universal movie serial. The serial was a co-production between the American company Universal and the British company General Films - it was filmed in Britain with British and Commonwealth actors.It is also known by the titles Lloyd of the C.I.D. and In the Hands of the Hinfu. Material from this serial was edited into a movie called The Green Spot Mystery (1932). It is considered to be lost.
 Alleluia is an upcoming Belgian-French drama film directed by Fabrice Du Welz. It has been selected to be screened as part of the Directors' Fortnight section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Raasi (Tamil: ராசி ) (English: Luck) is a 1997 Tamil film directed by Murali-Abbas and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film features Ajith Kumar and Rambha in the lead roles with Prakash Raj and Vadivelu playing supporting roles. The film was released on 14 April 1997 to negative reviews and reception.
 Fear X is a 2003 psychological thriller film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The first film to be produced from one of Hubert Selby Jr.'s original screenplays its eventual box-office failure would force Refn's film company Jang Go Star into bankruptcy.
 Approved for Adoption (French: Couleur de peau: miel) is a 2012 French-Belgian animated film based on a comic by Jung and directed by Laurent Boileau and Jung. It was released on 6 June in France. It received a Magritte Award nomination for Best Editing.
 Gundagardi is a 1997 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 Sabrina is a 1995 romantic comedy-drama film adapted by Barbara Benedek and David Rayfiel. It is a remake of the 1954 film of the same name co-written and directed by Billy Wilder that starred Humphrey Bogart Audrey Hepburn and William Holden which in turn was based upon a play titled Sabrina Fair.It was directed by Sydney Pollack and stars Harrison Ford as Linus Larrabee Julia Ormond as Sabrina and Greg Kinnear (in his first starring film role) as David Larrabee.
 Whitewash is a 1994 television special and animated short film that was based on a true story[citation needed]. The program was produced and directed by Michael Sporn with a screenplay by Ntozake Shange. Ruby Dee and Linda Lavin provide voices for the animated characters.
 Bajo el signo de la patria is a 1971 Argentine drama film directed by René Múgica and written by Isaac Aisemberg. The film premiered in Argentina on 20 May 1971.
 The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie (French: Le Charme discret de la bourgeoisie) is a 1972 surrealist film directed by Luis Buñuel and written by Jean-Claude Carrière in collaboration with the director. The film was made in France and is mainly in French with some dialogue in Spanish.The narrative concerns a group of upper-middle-class people attempting — despite continual interruptions — to dine together.
 The Heist is a quirky crime-drama about two first-time jewel thieves who stage a bizarre diamond heist with seemingly disastrous results written and directed by short-film director Campbell Cooley and presented in 2008.With The Heist Campbell Cooley wanted to tell a character-driven story without dialogue and to add to the complexity of the challenge he also underscored the entire story to a minuet by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart writing the story to the music.
 Extreme Justice is a 1993 action-thriller film. The film was directed by Mark L. Lester and stars Lou Diamond Phillips Scott Glenn and Chelsea Field.
 National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2 (2006) is the mystery/farce sequel to the 2003 comedy National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze. Chris Owen and Danielle Fishel reprised their roles from the original along with Tony Denman James DeBello Patrick Cavanaugh Marieh Delfino Jennifer Lyons and Gable Carr. Added to the ensemble are Vida Guerra Charles Shaughnessy Richard Riehle Jasmin St.
 Birdie & Bogey is a 2009 Christian drama film directed by Mike Norris. It was released on November 17 2009 by Pure Flix Entertainment. The DVD which contains The Making Of Trailers and Commentary bonus features is now available at national retailers from EMI CMG Distribution. The film stars Janine Turner Mike Norris Sheree Wilson Carey Scott and Amanda Alch.
 The Dante Quartet is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage completed in 1987. The film was inspired by Dante's The Divine Comedy and took six years to produce.
 Liefdesoffer is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 The Gay Diplomat is a 1931 American film. The film was released in September 19 1931.
 Two for Tonight is a 1935 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby Joan Bennett and Mary Boland. Based on the play Two for Tonight by J. O. Lief and Max Lief the film is about a songwriter who composes a full-length theatrical piece within a few days.
 La Tosca (also known as Tosca) is a 1973 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni. It is loosely based on the drama with the same name by Victorien Sardou reinterpreted in an ironic-grotesque style.
 Philips and the Monkey Pen is a 2013 Malayalam children's film written by Rojin Thomas and directed by Thomas and Shanil Muhammed. The film stars Sanoop Santhosh Jayasurya Remya Nambeesan Vijay Babu Mukesh and Joy Mathew.The film revolves around an ten-year-old called Ryan Philip (Sanoop Santhosh) and his adventures with a magical pen called the Monkey Pen. The film was co-produced by actress Sandra Thomas under Friday Film House banner.
 Dead Body is a 2002 short film by Kaz Rahman.
 The Impossible Woman is a 1919 British silent comedy film directed by Meyrick Milton and starring Constance Collier Langhorn Burton and Christine Rayner. It was based on the novel Tante by Anne Douglas Sedgwick.
 Burning Rubber is a 1981 feature film starring musician Alan Longmuir (of the Bay City Rollers) and Olivia Pascal. Longmuir plays Henry Carsten a race car driver. The picture was filmed in South Africa. Three other former members of the Bay City Rollers are also in the cast.
 On the Front Page is a 1926 film featuring Stan Laurel.
 Hummingbird (released as Redemption in the U.S.) is a 2013 British thriller film written and directed by Steven Knight and starring Jason Statham.
 Brannen (English: the fire) is a 1973 Norwegian drama film directed by Haakon Sandøy starring Jan Grønli and Bonne Gauguin and music composed by Eyvind Solås. The script was also written by Sandøy based on a play by Tarjei Vesaas. The film follows a young boy over the course of a couple of days and the various bizarre experiences he has.
 The Volunteer (1944) is a short black-and-white British film by the filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger for the U.K. Ministry of Information. Made during World War II as recruitment propaganda for the Fleet Air Arm volunteer numbers rose after its release.The films features actor Ralph Richardson starring in a West End production of Othello. Pat McGrath plays his dresser who joins the Fleet Air Arm and becomes a war hero – as famous as Richardson himself.
 On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969) is the sixth spy film in the James Bond series based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. Following the decision of Sean Connery to retire from the role after You Only Live Twice Eon Productions selected an unknown actor and model George Lazenby to play the part of James Bond.
 Love Object is a 2003 film written and directed by Robert Parigi. Kenneth (played by Desmond Harrington) is an efficient but socially awkward technical writer who develops an obsessive relationship with Nikki a realistic sex doll he purchases.
 Amour (also known as Ways of Women) is a 1970 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Svend Johansen.
 Flight from Glory is a 1937 B movie about a run-down air cargo company in South America during the golden age of aviation. Directed by capable veteran Lew Landers Flight from Glory was one of a series of aircraft-themed adventure films for RKO Radio Pictures such as Without Orders (1936) The Man Who Found Himself (1937) Sky Giant (1938) and Pacific Liner (1939).
 The Claws of Light (Filipino: Maynila... sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag; literal English: Manila at the Claw of Brightness; practical translation: Manila at the Verge of Dawn) is a 1975 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka based on the novel In the Claws of Brightness by Edgardo M. Reyes. It is considered as one of the classics of Filipino cinema.It stars Hilda Koronel Lou Salvador Jr. Tommy Abuel and in his film debut Bembol Roco (credited as Rafael Roco Jr.).
 Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II (Hindi: वैसा भी होता है English: It Happens That Way Too) is a 2003 Indian movie starring Arshad Warsi. Shashanka Ghosh the creative driver behind the launch of MTV and Channel V in India marks his debut as a director with this film. Running in many parallel threads it is in equal parts a comedy satire crime and a Hindi masala film.
 No Way Back is a 1996 American crime drama and action film directed by Frank Cappello and starring Russell Crowe and Helen Slater.
 Mates and Models is a 1919 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Kappal is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Karthik G. Krish a former assistant of Shankar. Produced by I Studios Entertainment The film features Vaibhav and Sonam Bajwa in the lead roles while Arjunan and Karunakaran appear in supporting roles. The film will be released in late 2014.
 The Princess of New York is a 1921 British crime film directed by Donald Crisp. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. The film is now lost.
 The Ballad of the Windshield Washers (Italian: La ballata dei lavavetri) is a 1998 Italian drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. It was screened out of competition at the 59th Venice International Film Festival.
 Big B is a 2007 Malayalam action-thriller film co-written and directed by Amal Neerad starring Mammootty in the title role. The cinematography was done by Samir Thahir and the Songs were composed by Alphons Joseph and background score was composed by Gopi Sundar. The movie is an unofficial remake of the American film Four Brothers which in turn was loosely based on the American western The Sons of Katie Elder with revised screenplay and action sequences.
 The Black Rose is a 1950 20th Century-Fox Technicolor film starring Tyrone Power and Orson Welles loosely based on Thomas B. Costain's book. It was filmed partly on location in England and Morocco which substitutes for the Gobi Desert of China. The film was partly conceived as a follow-up to the movie Prince of Foxes and reunited the earlier film's two stars.Talbot Jennings' screenplay was based on a popular novel of the same name by Canadian author Thomas B.
 Koi... Mil Gaya (English: I... Found Someone) is a 2003 Bollywood science fiction film directed by Rakesh Roshan (who also has a cameo role) starring Hrithik Roshan Rekha and Preity Zinta. The film's theme is largely inspired by the 1982 Hollywood hit E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. E.T. itself was accused of being primarily inspired by the cancelled movie The Alien written by Indian director Satyajit Ray although director Roshan has claimed that Koi...
 Slumber Party Massacre II is a 1987 rock 'n roll slasher film. It was directed by Deborah Brock.It is preceded by The Slumber Party Massacre and succeeded by Slumber Party Massacre III Cheerleader Massacre and Cheerleader Massacre 2.
 Barbed Wire is a 1952 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Gene Autry Anne James and William Fawcett. Written by Gerald Geraghty the film is about a cattle buyer who goes to Texas to investigate why the cattle trails to Kansas are blocked.
 Addio Alexandra is an Italian romantic drama film released in 1969. It stars Pier Angeli Glenn Saxson and Colette Descombes. The film premiered out of competition at the 30th Venice International Film Festival.
 Wishmaster 4: The Prophecy Fulfilled is a 2002 American horror film. It is the third sequel to the 1997 film Wishmaster.
 All'onorevole piacciono le donne (internationally released as The Senator Likes Women The Senator Likes Women... Despite Appearances and Provided the Nation Doesn't Know and The Eroticist) is an Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. It had censorship problems and was banned shortly after its release. Later it was released in a heavily cut version and prohibited for persons under 18 years
 Running Scared is a 2006 American crime thriller film written and directed by Wayne Kramer and starring Paul Walker. It was released in the United States on February 24 2006. It received mixed reviews and was not a box office success but the film has earned a small cult following.[citation needed]
 William S. Burroughs: A Man Within is a 2010 independent American documentary film directed by Yony Leyser about William S. Burroughs featuring previously unreleased footage and interviews with his friends and colleagues.The film uses archival footage and interviews with John Waters Patti Smith Iggy Pop Gus Van Sant Genesis Breyer P-Orridge Sonic Youth Laurie Anderson Amiri Baraka Jello Biafra and David Cronenberg.
 Madeleine is a 1950 film directed by David Lean based on a true story about Madeleine Smith a young Glasgow woman from a wealthy family who was tried in 1857 for the murder of her lover Emile L'Angelier. The trial was much publicized in the newspapers of the day and was labelled the trial of the century. Lean's adaptation of the story stars his then wife Ann Todd with Ivan Desny as her French lover.
 Down Three Dark Streets is a 1954 documentary-style film starring Broderick Crawford and directed by Arnold Laven. The screenplay was written by Gordon and Mildred Gordon based on their novel Case File FBI.
 Aces Go Places 3 (Chinese: 最佳拍檔女皇密令) also known in the United States as Mad Mission 3: Our Man from Bond Street is a 1984 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Tsui Hark and starring Sam Hui and Karl Maka.
 Perfect is a 1985 American film drama directed by James Bridges and starring John Travolta and Jamie Lee Curtis.The film was based on a series of articles that appeared in Rolling Stone magazine in the late 1970s chronicling the popularity of Los Angeles health clubs amongst single people.
 Mary is a 2005 drama thriller film written and directed by American director Abel Ferrara. The film stars Juliette Binoche Forest Whitaker Marion Cotillard Matthew Modine and Heather Graham.The film premiered at the 2005 Venice Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize as well as 3 smaller awards. The film also played at the 2005 Toronto Film Festival Deauville Film Festival and San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 The Return of the Living Dead is a 1985 American black comedy/zombie horror film written and directed by Dan O'Bannon and starring Clu Gulager James Karen and Don Calfa.The film tells the story of how three men accompanied by a group of teenage punks deal with the accidental release of a horde of brain hungry zombies onto an unsuspecting town.
 Bimbo's Express is a 1931 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short film starring Bimbo and Betty Boop.
 Dharam Sankat is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by N.D. Kothari and produced by Umesh N. Kothari. It stars Vinod Khanna and Amrita Singh in pivotal roles.
 Pink Floyd – The Wall is a 1982 British live-action/animated musical film directed by Alan Parker based on the 1979 Pink Floyd album The Wall. The screenplay was written by Pink Floyd vocalist and bassist Roger Waters. The film is highly metaphorical and is rich in symbolic imagery and sound. It features very little dialogue and is mainly driven by the music of Pink Floyd.The film contains fifteen minutes of elaborate animation sequences by the political cartoonist and illustrator Gerald Scarfe.
 In Search of a Midnight Kiss is a 2007 American independent romantic comedy film written and directed by Alex Holdridge. It is listed on the National Board of Review's Top 10 Independent Films of 2008 won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award in 2009 as well as having earned awards at festivals around the world. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2007 and since has played at festivals around the world from Mill Valley Chicago and Los Angeles in the U.S.
 The Good Life is a 1997 film starring Frank Stallone. The film is about three men who move from New Jersey to Miami; two of them end up killing the third. The film was never released on any format due to legal action instigated by Sylvester Stallone. He claims that a promotional reel of the film used his scene excessively therefore was promoting him as the star instead of the cameo that he had agreed upon. He sued for $20 million; his average salary at the time.
 Mandala (Hangul: 만다라) is a 1981 South Korean film about Buddhist monks in Korea. This is considered by many critics to be director Im Kwon-taek's breakthrough film as a cinematic artist.
 Frederick Douglass and the White Negro is a documentary film originally released in 2008 (Irish language version entitled Frederick Douglass agus na Negroes Bána).
 Kunguma Pottu Gounder is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2001.
 For the 1935 sound film of the same name see Red Hot Tires (1935 film).Red Hot Tires (1925) is a silent film comedy produced and released by Warner Brothers. The film was based on a novel Red Hot Tires by Darryl Zanuck under the name Gregory Rogers and directed by Erle C. Kenton. The film stars Monte Blue and Patsy Ruth Miller. A copy is preserved in the Library of Congress collection. A Warner Brothers film with the same title was made in 1935 but appears to be unrelated in story.
 Wasabi is a 2001 French action-comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and written and produced by Luc Besson. The film stars Jean Reno Michel Muller and Ryōko Hirosue. In France it was released as Wasabi la petite moutarde qui monte au nez (Wasabi the little mustard that gets right up your nose).
 Sankham is a Telugu feature film starring Gopichand Trisha Krishnan Sathyaraj amongst others directed by Siva. Produced by J Bhagavan J Pulla Rao and music composed by Taman. It was an average grosser in 2009.The film was dubbed in Hindi as Phir Ek Most Wanted and in Tamil as Sivappu Saamy.
 Night Riders is a 1981 Slovak film.
 Kimmy Dora is a Filipino comedy film series originally from Spring Films with a co-production and distributor by Star Cinema and Solar Films. The film stars mainly Eugene Domingo Ariel Ureta Moi Bien Miriam Quiambao and Mura. The leading actors of Eugene Domingo is Dingdong Dantes and Zanjoe Marudo for the first two films and Sam Milby for the final installment of the film. The series has grossed over PHP 200 Million worldwide (not including the last film).
 The Harry Potter film series is a British–American feature film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling. The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (2001) and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 (2011). It is the highest-grossing film series in inflation unadjusted dollars with $7.7 billion in worldwide receipts.
 Mykonos: LKP Casting 03 is a gay pornographic film directed by Ettore Tosi for Lucas Kazan Productions in 2003. Third in the LKP Casting series that began years earlier with The Road to Naples Mykonos was photographed on location in Italy and the Greek isles and went on to win the 2004 GayVN Award for Best Amateur Video.
 Rurouni Kenshin (るろうに剣心 Rurōni Kenshin) is a 2012 Japanese film adaptation of the manga of the same name originally written by Nobuhiro Watsuki. Directed by Keishi Ōtomo the film stars Takeru Satoh and Emi Takei. The film focuses on fictional events that take place during the early Meiji period in Japan telling the story of a wanderer named Himura Kenshin formerly known as the assassin Hitokiri Battōsai.
 Topless Women Talk About Their Lives is a 1997 New Zealand film about a group of twenty something friends. It was based on a TV series.
 Burning Man is a 2011 Australian drama film written and directed by Jonathan Teplitzky.
 Whole Lotta Sole (known as Stand Off in North America) is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed by Terry George and starring Brendan Fraser David O'Hara Colm Meaney Yaya DaCosta and Martin McCann.
 Hombres de mar (Seamen) is a 1938 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Handel's Last Chance is a 1996 Devine Entertainment film created by David Devine and Richard Mozer for HBO Original Films of New York. The film was directed by Milan Cheylov.It stars Leon Pownall as George Frideric Handel Tod Fennell as Jamie Gerard Parkes as Jonathan Swift Seana McKenna as Mary and Cody Jones as Wee Hugh Brannigan.Devine Entertainment's Handel's Last Chance is set in 1742 Dublin where 10 year old Jamie O'Flaherty and the brilliant composer George Frideric Handel live.
 Junkers Come Here (ユンカース・カム・ヒア Yunkāsu Kamu Hia) is an anime movie about a girl Hiromi Nozawa (野沢ひろみ) and her miniature Schnauzer Junkers (pronounced Yoon-kers).Hiromi appears on the outside to be a mature resilient girl but on the inside she feels like she's falling apart. She hardly sees her parents at all as they are always busy with work.
 Black Light is a 1999 Canadian film.
 Pensavo fosse amore invece era un calesse (I thought it was love but it was a barouche) is a 1991 Italian romance-comedy drama film. It is the last film directed by Massimo Troisi.For his performance Angelo Orlando won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor.
 Avoir 20 ans dans les Aurès (English: To Be Twenty in the Aures) is a 1972 film.
 Bianchi cavalli d'Agosto (internationally known as White Horses of Summer) is a 1975 Italian drama film written and directed by Raimondo Del Balzo.The film is part of the genre of Italian melodramatic films known as tearjerker movies or lacrima movies.It also is together with The Last Snows of Spring the best known and successful film of child actor Renato Cestiè.
 Geethanjali (Malayalam: ഗീതാഞ്ജലി) is a 2013 Malayalam psychological horror thriller film written by Abhilash Nair and directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Mohanlal Nishan Keerthi Suresh Swapna Menon Siddique Madhu Innocent and KB Ganesh Kumar in lead roles.The film is a spin-off of the 1993 blockbuster Manichitrathazhu.
 12-12-12 is a documentary film that premiered on October 29 2013 at the Directors Guild of America theater on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood.Filmed from 23 different camera angles the documentary was originally to have been two separate movies made by two separate production groups one headed by Beatle legend Sir Paul McCartney and one from the Robin Hood Foundation's film team.
 Grandma's Boy is a 1922 family comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. The film was highly influential helping to pioneer feature-length comedies which combined gags with character development.
 Ultramarines: A Warhammer 40000 Movie is a science fiction CGI film set in Games Workshop's fictional Warhammer 40000 universe and based around the Ultramarines Chapter of the Space Marines. Terence Stamp Sean Pertwee and John Hurt head the cast of voice actors. and the screenplay was written by Black Library author Dan Abnett.
 Rank is a 2002 fourteen minute short film directed by David Yates. It was nominated for the British Academy Film Award for Best Short Film at the BAFTAs.
 Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins (original title: Maldito - O Estranho Mundo de José Mojica Marins) is a 2001 Brazilian documentary film about the life and works of Brazilian filmmaker director screenwriter film and television actor and media personality José Mojica Marins.
 Sundays at Tiffany's is a 2010 made-for-TV romance film directed by Mark Piznarski. Originally airing on Lifetime the film based on the novel of the same name by James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet and stars Alyssa Milano Eric Winter Ivan Sergei and Stockard Channing.
 Tintorettor Jishu (Bengali: টিনটোরেটোর যীশু) (2008) is a thriller film directed by Sandip Ray based on the story of the same name by Satyajit Ray. It is the third film of New Feluda Franchise as well as the sequel of Kailashey Kelenkari
 Son in Law is a 1993 American comedy film starring Pauly Shore Carla Gugino Lane Smith Cindy Pickett Tiffani Thiessen Patrick Renna Dan Gauthier and Dennis Burkley.
 Brahma Rudrulu is a 1986 Tollywood Action - Drama film directed by K Murali Mohan Rao and produced by Ashwini Dutt under Vyjayanthi Movies. Akkineni Nageswara Rao Lakshmi Daggubati Venkatesh and Rajani played the lead roles.
 Raja Rani is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Hank and Mike is a 2008 comedy film directed by Matthiew Klinck from a screenplay written by Paolo Mancini and Thomas Michael. The film tells the story of two blue-collar Easter Bunnies who get fired and try their hand at an assortment of odd jobs.The film premiered in 2007 at the Vancouver International Film Festival and was slated for general audience release on October 24 2008 in the United States. The film was released in Canada on March 27 2009.
 Arme syndige menneske (English: Poor sinful man) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film directed by Egil Kolstø starring Svein Scharffenberg and Anne Marie Ottersen. Journalist Erik Mogensen (Scharffenberg) from Oslo travels to Copenhagen to report on drug abuse in the city. Mogensen himself struggles with alcoholism and has previously been committed to a mental institution. During his stay in Copenhagen his drinking problem gets worse.
 The Wallop is a 1921 American western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Jóia Maldita is a 1920 Brazilian silent drama film directed by and starring Luiz de Barros. The film premiered on June 7 1920 in Rio de Janeiro.
 What a Beautiful Day (Italian: Che bella giornata) is a 2011 Italian film directed by Gennaro Nunziante starring Checco Zalone Luigi Luciano and Rocco Papaleo.
 Saving Face is a 2012 Academy and Emmy winning documentary film directed by Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy and Daniel Junge about acid attacks on women in Pakistan. The film won the 2012 Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) making its director Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy Pakistan's first Oscar winner.
 The Monastery: Mr. Vig and the Nun is a 2006 Danish documentary film directed by Pernille Rose Grønkjær.
 Castle of Sand (砂の器 Suna no utsuwa) is a 1974 Japanese police procedural directed by Yoshitarō Nomura based on the novel Inspector Imanishi Investigates by Seicho Matsumoto.
 María Magdalena is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Red Terror on the Amber Coast is an American documentary film about the Lithuanian resistance to the Soviet occupation from the signing of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact in 1939 to the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.Two Dominican Order priests David O'Rourke and Ken Gumbert collaborated on the project with the intent to have it reach millions of American viewers through public broadcasting.During a year teaching at Vilnius University O'Rourke was inspired by an accidental visit to the former KGB headquarters in Vilnius calling it one of the most chilling experiences of my life. He teamed up with Gumbert who had been making a documentary about the Czechoslovak coup d'état of 1948. 
 Gingerclown 3D is a 2013 horror comedy film.
 The House of Bernarda Alba (Spanish: La casa de Bernarda Alba) is a 1987 Spanish drama film directed by Mario Camus. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival and in the main competition at the 15th Moscow International Film Festival. It is based on the play of the same name.
 Robinson in Ruins is a 2010 British documentary film by Patrick Keiller and narrated by Vanessa Redgrave. It is a sequel to Keiller's previous films London (1994) and Robinson in Space (1997). It documents the journey of the fictional titular character around the south of England. It premiered at the 67th Venice International Film Festival in September 2010.
 Loser's End is a 1935 American western produced by Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures and directed by Bernard B. Ray.
 The Man Who Changed His Name is a 1928 British silent mystery film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Stewart Rome Betty Faire and James Raglan. It is an adaptation of the play of the same title by Edgar Wallace. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios. A young woman comes to suspect that her husband may in face be a Canadian fugitive from justice who murdered his last wife.
 Animal Farm is a made-for-TV film released in 1999 by Hallmark Films. It is an adaptation of the 1945 George Orwell novel of the same name. The film tells the story of farm animals successfully revolting against their human owner only to slide into a more brutal tyranny among themselves.
 Winnie the Pooh and Christmas Too is a Christmas television special based on the Disney television series The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh originally broadcast on Saturday December 14 1991 on ABC.TV Guide ranked the special number 6 on its 10 Best Family Holiday Specials list.
 Always & Forever (German: Immer & ewig) is a 1991 Swiss drama film directed by Samir. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Luther Metke at 94 is a 1979 short documentary film directed by Jorge Preloran and Steve Raymen at the Ethnographic Film Program University of California Los Angeles. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short in 1980.The film presents a portrait of Luther Metke a veteran of the Spanish-American war. Even in his advanced age Metke continues his work of building log cabins by hand in the Cascade Mountains of Oregon.
 The Satanic Rites of Dracula is a 1973 horror film directed by Alan Gibson and produced by Hammer Film Productions. It is the eighth film in Hammer's Dracula series and the seventh and final to feature Christopher Lee as Dracula. The film was also the third to unite Peter Cushing as Van Helsing with Lee following Dracula (1958) and Dracula A.D. 1972 (1972).
 Taken 3 is an upcoming American action thriller film directed by Olivier Megaton and written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen. It is the sequel to the 2012 film Taken 2 and the third and final installment in the Taken film series. The film stars Liam Neeson Maggie Grace and Famke Janssen.Principal photography began on March 29 2014 in Los Angeles. 20th Century Fox will release the film on January 9 2015.
 Phish 3D is a 2010 concert film in 3D featuring the rock band Phish. It was filmed at Phish's Festival 8 a three-day eight-set 16-hour concert performed in October 2009 at the Empire Polo Field in Indio California. The film opened with a sneak preview on April 20 2010 followed by a limited one week engagement which began on April 30 2010.
 Drømmen (English: We Shall Overcome) is a Danish film from 2006 based on a true story about a young boy's crusade against a dictatorial headmaster of the old school. The story opens in the Danish countryside of 1969. Denmark and the rest of the world are changing rapidly but the headmaster hasn't noticed. The young boy spends his summer holidays watching the family's first television and is influenced by the American Civil Rights movement.
 Gugu and Andile is a 2008 South African drama film directed by Minky Schlesinger and starring Daphney Hlomuka Neil McCarthy & Lungelo Dhladhla. The film received 10 nominations and won 3 awards at the 2009 Africa Movie Academy Awards including the awards for Best film in an African language Most Promising Actor and Most Promising Actress.
 Troublesome Creek: A Midwestern is a 1995 documentary by filmmakers Jeanne Jordan and Steven Ascher. The film explores the family farm crisis through the story of Jordan's own family as they take extraordinary measures to save their Iowa farm. The film received the Grand Jury Prize and Audience Award for best documentary at the Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for best documentary feature among many other awards.
 Vicki is a 1953 film noir directed by Harry Horner and based on the novel I Wake Up Screaming written by Steve Fisher. The film features Jeanne Crain Jean Peters Elliott Reid and Richard Boone.
 Foster Child is a 1987 documentary film by Gil Cardinal exploring the filmmaker's search at age thirty-five for biological family. Cardinal often meets with frustration during his search but eventually finds his natural family and discovers his Métis roots.This National Film Board of Canada production received over 10 awards including four Golden Sheaf Awards a Special Jury Prize at the Banff Television Festival and a Gemini Award for best direction for a documentary program.
 Mr. Vampire IV also known as Mr. Vampire Saga Four is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau and produced by Sammo Hung and Jessica Chan. The film is the fourth of a series of five films directed by Ricky Lau in the Mr. Vampire franchise. Mr. Vampire and its sequels were released as part of the jiangshi cinematic boom in Hong Kong during the 1980s. The Chinese title of the film literally translates to Uncle Vampire.
 Saint Seiya (聖闘士星矢 Seinto Seiya) retitled Saint Seiya: Evil Goddess Eris (聖闘士星矢 邪神エリス Seinto Seiya: Jashin Erisu) on its home video release is the first in a series of anime films produced by Toei Animation based on the manga Saint Seiya by Masami Kurumada.
 Après la vie is a 2002 Lucas Belvaux film with his own script.
 Dharti is a 2011 Punjabi film directed by Navaniat Singh with story screenplay and dialogues by Manoj Jha. Dharti was produced by Darshan Singh Grewal J.S. Kataria and Jimmy Shergill and stars Jimmy Shergill Surveen Chawla Rannvijay Singh Japji Khera Prem Chopra Rahul Dev Binnu Dhillon and Shavinder Mahal. It was released on 21 April in Australia and on 22 April 2011 globally.
 Jeena Hai Toh Thok Daal (English: Shoot or Die) is a 2012 Bollywood film directed by Manish Vatsalya starring Ravi Kishen Manish Vatsalya Yashpal Sharma Rahul Kumar and Hazel Crowney. The movie's storyline is a hard hitting gangster movie which shows horrid realities of the underworld crime as well as the changing times of Bihar state. The film was released on September 14 2012 and was written off as a box office disaster in the very first week.
 Amityville Dollhouse is the eighth installment in the Amityville Horror saga released directly to video in 1996. Lionsgate Home Entertainment released the film on DVD in 2004. It received poor reviews and was not a success on home video.
 Login is a 2012 Indian suspense thriller film directed by Sanjeev Reddy. The project is produced by Cocktail Pictures and stars Himanshu Bhatt Radhika Roy Akkash Basnet Rashmi Gautam Nandini Rai Siddarth Chopra KK Binojee. The soundtrack is composed by Sunil Kashyap along with lyrics by KK Binojee. Login released on 12 October 2012.
 The Big Broadcast of 1938 is a Paramount Pictures film featuring W.C. Fields and Bob Hope. Directed by Mitchell Leisen the film is the last in a series of Big Broadcast movies that were variety show anthologies. This film featured the debut of Hope's signature song Thanks for the Memory by Ralph Rainger.
 1977 is a Tamil language film released in 2009. It stars Sarath Kumar and Farzana.
 Bílá spona is a 1960 Czech crime film written and directed by Martin Frič.
 Miquette (French:Miquette et sa mère) is a 1950 French comedy film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot and starring Louis Jouvet Bourvil and Saturnin Fabre. The film was an adaptation of the play Miquette et sa mere by Robert de Flers and Gaston Arman de Cavaillet which had previously been adapted into 1934 (Miquette and 1940 (Miquette) films.Clouzot was reluctant to make the film but was contractually obliged to. It was not a commercial or critical success.
 Disciples Of The 36th Chamber (霹靂十傑 Pi li shi jie Disciples of the Master Killer or Master Killer III) is a 1985 Shaw Brothers Studio Hong Kong martial arts film comedy written directed and choreographed Lau Kar-leung. It is the third in a loose trilogy of films that began with The 36th Chamber of Shaolin (1978) and was followed by Return to the 36th Chamber (1980). In Disciples the action is focused on Hsiao Ho who portrays legendary martial artist Fong Sai-Yuk.
 Everest is an upcoming American 3D adventure thriller film directed by Baltasar Kormákur and written by Justin Isbell and William Nicholson. The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal Josh Brolin Jason Clarke John Hawkes and Sam Worthington.The film is set for a September 18 2015 release date. It is based on the real events of 1996 Mount Everest disaster in which several climbers died and survived.
 A Bullet Is Waiting is a 1954 film directed by John Farrow.
 'Something for a Lonely Man' is a made-for-television western movie. It was first broadcast in 1968; NBC aired it a second time on December 9 1969.
 Vixen! is a 1968 satiric softcore sexploitation film directed by American motion picture director Russ Meyer. It was the first film to be given an X rating for its sex scenes and was a breakthrough success for Meyer. The film was developed from a script by Meyer and Anthony James Ryan and starred Erica Gavin.The film concerns the misadventures of the oversexed Vixen (Gavin) as she sexually manipulates everyone she meets.
 Il nido di falasco is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Guido Brignone.
 Female Convict Scorpion: Grudge Song (女囚さそり　７０１号怨み節 Joshū Sasori - 701 Gō Urami Bushi) is a Women in prison film made by Toei Company in 1973. The fourth and last in the first Female Convict Scorpion series Meiko Kaji returned to play the title role but director Shunya Ito was replaced by Yasuharu Hasebe.
 Deep Shock is a 2003 American science-fiction-horror film that debuted as a Sci Fi Pictures TV-movie on the Sci Fi Channel. Its plot concerns an unknown underwater object that disables an American nuclear-powered submarine and attacks a submerged Arctic research complex.The monsters of the movie are giant intelligent electric eels.
 The Passenger (Italian: Professione: reporter) is a 1975 film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni. Written by Antonioni and Peter Wollen the film is about a British-American journalist David Locke (Jack Nicholson) who assumes the identity of a dead businessman while working on a documentary in Chad unaware that he is impersonating an arms dealer with connections to the rebels in the current civil war.
 The Etruscan Mask is a supernatural horror movie written and directed by Ted Nicolaou. Shot in Italy in 2006 the film was released in 2007.
 Attention is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Simmarasi is a 1998 Tamil language film directed and written by Erode Soundar. The film features Sarathkumar and Kushboo in lead roles whilst Anandaraj Kanaka and Manivannan play supporting roles. The film was one among 1998 Deepavali releases.
 India Mein Lahore is an upcoming Bollywood movie directed by Ikram Akhtar produced by Rajesh R. Tripathi dialogues by Sanjay Masoomm and starring Mohammad Asif Moosa Khan. India Mein Lahore is a romantic comedy story spanning across two countries India and Pakistan. Asian Fox Developments - (IT Company) is IT & Online Media Partner and will promote India Mein Lahore.
 Rollo and the Spirit of the Woods (also titled Rolli Finnish: Rölli ja metsänhenki) is a 2001 Finnish fantasy film directed by Olli Saarela. It is the second film based on the television series Rölli the first being Rölli – hirmuisia kertomuksia (1991).
 Duniya Ek Sarai is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Unmarried is a 1939 American film starring Helen Twelvetrees Buck Jones and Donald O'Connor.
 The Secret of the Iron Door (Russian: Тайна железной двери translit. Tayna zheleznoy dveri) is a 1970 Soviet children's film directed by Mikhail Yuzovsky after a screenplay by Aleksandr Rejzhevsky loosely based on a story Wizard walked through the city by Yuri Tomin. Produced by Gorky Film Studio. Runtime - 69 min.Cinematography by Vitaly Grishin. Music by Vadim Gamaleya lyrics by Evgeny Agranovich. Artists - Lyudmila Bezsmertnova Aleksander Vagichev. Editing by Yanina Bogolepova.
 Dysfunctional Friends is a 2012 American drama comedy film starring Stacey Dash Reagan Gomez-Preston Wesley Jonathan Datari TurnerTatyana Ali Meagan Good Jason Weaver Persia White Terrell Owens Stacy Keibler Hosea Chanchez and Christian Keyes. The film was released in theaters February 3 2012.
 Shadows and Fog (1991) is a black-and-white film directed by Woody Allen and based on his one-act play Death. It stars Allen Mia Farrow John Malkovich John Cusack Madonna and Kenneth Mars. It was filmed on a 26000-square-foot (2400 m2) set at Kaufman Astoria Studios which holds the distinction of being the biggest set ever built in New York. It was also his last film for Orion Pictures. Shadows and Fog is an homage to German Expressionist filmmakers Fritz Lang G.W. Pabst and F.W.
 Delta of Venus is a 1994 American erotic drama film—though it was released in 1995—based on the book of the same name by Anaïs Nin about an American who begins an affair with another expatriate American in pre–World War II Paris. The film was directed by Zalman King and stars Audie England Costas Mandylor and Marek Vašut. NC-17 and R-rated versions of the film exist.
 Pure Country is a 1992 American dramatic musical western film directed by Christopher Cain. The film stars George Strait in his acting debut with Lesley Ann Warren Isabel Glasser and Kyle Chandler. The film was considered a box office bomb however the soundtrack was a critical success and to date Strait's best selling album. The film was followed by a sequel in 2010 titled Pure Country 2: The Gift.
 Adventures of Frank and Jesse James is a 1948 Republic film serial.
 Double Suicide (心中天網島 Shinjū: Ten no amijima) is a 1969 film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It is based on the 1721 play The Love Suicides at Amijima by Monzaemon Chikamatsu. This play is often performed in the bunraku style (that is with puppets). In the film the story is performed with live actors but also makes use of Japanese theatrical traditions such as the kuroko (stagehands dressed entirely in black) who invisibly interact with the actors and the set is non-realist.
 For the 1999 Woody Allen film see Sweet and Lowdown. For the Dave Van Ronk album see Sweet & Lowdown.Sweet and Low-Down (1944) is a film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Benny Goodman and Linda Darnell. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1945.
 Sick Abed is a 1920 silent comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures/ Artcraft an affiliate of Paramount. It was directed by Sam Wood and stars matinee idol Wallace Reid. It is based on a 1918 Broadway stage play Sick-a-bed by Ethel Watts Mumford starring Mary Boland. The spelling of the movie varies from the spelling of the play. This film survives at the Library of Congress.
 Glorious Betsy is a 1928 mostly-silent film with talking sequences based on a play of the same name by Rida Johnson Young and starring Dolores Costello. It was produced by Warner Brothers and was nominated for (but did not win) an Academy Award for Best Writing Adaptation in 1929. The film was directed by Alan Crosland with cinematography by Hal Mohr.
 Sunday in August (Italian: Domenica d'agosto) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Emmer. The film was nominated for a BAFTA.
 Nomads of the North is a 1920 American film featuring Lon Chaney and Lewis Stone. A Canadian Mountie allows an innocent fugitive to escape with the woman he loves. The film is based on the 1919 novel of the same name by American author James Oliver Curwood.
 El Veraneo de los Campanelli is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Bawali Unlimited is an upcoming Bengali film. This film is directed by Sujit Mondal and produced by Pankaj Agarwal.
 Alias Jesse James is a 1959 American Western comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod (his last) and starring Bob Hope and Rhonda Fleming. Based on a story by Robert St. Aubrey and Bert Lawrence the film is about an outlaw who tries to kill an insurance agent who has been mistaken for him in order to collect on a big policy.
 Northern Lights was a 1978 independent film which dramatizes the founding of the Nonpartisan League in North Dakota a Populist political movement which took place in the American Midwest in the early 1900s. The film was produced directed written and edited by John Hanson and Rob Nilsson and starred Joe Spano Robert Behlen Sue Lynch and Michel Wagner.
 The Inheritors (original German title Die Siebtelbauern – The Seventh-part Farmer) is a 1998 Austrian-German film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky. It stars Simon Schwarz and Sophie Rois and has won numerous awards.
 Street Fighter (Hangul: 거리의 무법자; RR: Geori-eui Mubeopja) is a 1992 Korean animation directed by Sang Il Sim. The film is notable for being based on the popular Capcom fighting game franchise Street Fighter though made without any involvement or permission from the Japanese video game developer. It has never been released outside of Korea.
 A Time to Love (simplified Chinese: 情人结; traditional Chinese: 情人結; pinyin: Qĺngrén jié) is a 2005 film directed by Huo Jianqi. It stars Zhao Wei and Lu Yi. The film is based on a true story.
 Kattu Pookkal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle is an American biographical musical comedy released in 1939 and directed by H.C. Potter. The film stars Fred Astaire Ginger Rogers Edna May Oliver and Walter Brennan.The movie is based on the stories My Husband and My Memories of Vernon Castle by Irene Castle.
 The Bloody Exorcism of Coffin Joe (Portuguese: Exorcismo Negro) is a 1974 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe).
 Sevarkodi is an upcoming Tamil film directed by R. Subramanian starring new face Arun Balaji and Malayalam Actress Bhama. Music scored by C.Sathya and Maharanth Kamalakar Anand Reddy under Bannari Pictures banner. Lyrics by Vairamuthu. Movie release scheduled on 24 February 2012.
 Trastevere is a 1971 Italian comedy film. This is the first and only film directed by actor and screenwriter Fausto Tozzi. The film was heavily cut by producer Alberto Grimaldi who cut off the roles of Umberto Orsini Martine Brochard and Riccardo Garrone.
 Great White (alternatively called Shark) is a 1998 horror film directed by Zac Reeder and distributed by 4 Corners Entertainment Inc. The film is based off the 1916 shark attacks in New Jersey. The film's title was changed to SHARK for the first United States home video release but was kept the same internationally.
 The Berlin Affair (Italian: Interno Berlinese) is a 1985 Italo-German film directed by Liliana Cavani and starring Gudrun Landgrebe Kevin McNally and Mio Takaki. Set in Berlin 1938 it sees the wife of a rising Nazi diplomat fall in love with Mitsuko Matsugae the daughter of the Japanese Ambassador and an artist. Her husband finds out and moves to break up the affair. However he soon falls in love with Mitsuko himself leading to the intervention of officials higher in the system.
 Un aliado en el tiempo (An ally in time) is a short film (21 minutes) written and directed by Miguel A. Reina. Released in 2008 it stars Juan Luis Orendain as a death-defying escapologist It interweaves nine separate yet connected storylines about the interactions among nineteen people during one day in Mexico City.Filmmaker Carlos Carrera acted as film sponsor.
 Love the Beast is a 2009 documentary film directed by Eric Bana and featuring Bana Jay Leno Jeremy Clarkson and Phil McGraw.
 The Diamond Fleece is a 1992 Canadian made-for-television film directed by Al Waxman and starring Ben Cross Kate Nelligan and Brian Dennehy. The film earned Kate Nelligan the 1993 Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Dramatic Program or Mini-Series.
 Stacked is a 2008 British television film directed by Jennifer Perrot and written and created by Bryony Ive as her first drama commission and the first drama film to be created through 4Talent Scotland's television pilot competition. The film stars Karen Gillan Rebecca Reid and Eleanor Bird.
 Slugterra: Ghoul from Beyond is an 2014 Canadian animated Film produced by the Canadian company Nerd Corps Entertainment and distributed by Disney XD Canada in Canada. It is the first movie of Slugterra It premiered on March 30 2014 on Disney XD in Canada.
 The Housemaid (Hangul: 하녀; hanja: 下女; RR: Hanyeo; MR: Hanyŏ) is a 2010 South Korean melodramatic thriller film directed by Im Sang-soo. The story focuses on Eun-yi played by Jeon Do-yeon who becomes involved in a destructive love triangle while working as a housemaid for an upper-class family. Other cast members include Lee Jung-jae Seo Woo and Yoon Yeo-jeong. The film is a remake of Kim Ki-young's 1960 film The Housemaid. It competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.
 Wife Number Two is a 1917 American silent drama film feature directed and written by William Nigh. The film starred Valeska Suratt vamp rival to Theda Bara on the Fox lot and was Suratt's penultimate silent film performance. The film is now considered lost.
 Two Arabian Knights (1927) is an American comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring William Boyd Mary Astor and Louis Wolheim. A silent film Two Arabian Knights was produced by Howard Hughes and was distributed by United Artists. The screenwriters were James T. O'Donohue Wallace Smith and George Marion Jr. The film won an Academy Award for Best Comedy Direction.
 César and Rosalie (French: César et Rosalie) is a 1972 French romance film starring Yves Montand and Romy Schneider directed by Claude Sautet.
 V.I.P is a 1997 Indian Tamil language film directed and co-written by Sabapthay. The film features Prabhu Deva Abbas Rambha and Simran in the lead roles while Rami Reddy Prakash Raj and Manivannan play other pivotal roles. Ranjit Barot composed the music while Arthur A. Wilson handled the cinematography. This film was opened in July 1997 to above average reviews and collections.
 Paradesi (Poongothai in Tamil) is a 1953 bi-lingual film directed by L. V. Prasad. A remake of the 1950 Hindi film Raj Rani Paradesi was jointly produced by Anjali Devi and her husband P. Adinarayana Rao under the newly formed banner Anjali Pictures. The film starred Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi in the lead. It launched the career of Sivaji Ganesan who along with S. V. Ranga Rao Pandari Bai and Vasantha played a prominent role. The film deals with incest relationship.
 A.D. (1985) is a British/Italian miniseries in six parts which adapts the narrative in the Acts of the Apostles. Considered as the third and final installment in a TV miniseries trilogy which began with Moses the Lawgiver (1974) and Franco Zeffirelli's Jesus of Nazareth (1977) it was adapted from Anthony Burgess's novel The Kingdom of the Wicked which was itself a sequel to Burgess's book Man Of Nazareth on which was based Zeffirelli's movie.
 Chigurida Kanasu (Kannada: ಚಿಗುರಿದ ಕನಸು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada film directed by T. S. Nagabharana starring Shivarajkumar Rekha Unnikrishnan and Avinash in pivotal roles. It is based on a novel of the same name by Shivaram Karanth a Jnanpith Award winner.
 Lure of the Wilderness is a 1952 romantic adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco. The film which was shot in Technicolor is based on the 1941 novel Swamp Water by Vereen Bell and is a remake of the Jean Renoir's 1941 adaption of the novel featuring Walter Brennan in a smaller version of his leading role in the earlier film.
 Two Family House is a 2000 film produced by Alan Klingenstein based on the story of the uncle of the film's writer and director Raymond De Felitta (Café Society). The film won the Audience Award at Sundance 2000. Many of the film's actors later reached national prominence as part of the HBO cable television series The Sopranos including Michael Rispoli Kathrine Narducci Matt Servitto Vincent Pastore Joseph R.
 The Prince and Me 3: A Royal Honeymoon (renamed The Prince and Me 3: Holiday Honeymoon when shown on television) is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Catherine Cyran which was released direct-to-video.
 Child Under a Leaf (released as Love Child in Britain) is a 1974 drama film directed by George Bloomfield and starring Dyan Cannon. The plot follows an abused wife who strikes up an affair with an artist but their relationship is threatened by the presence of her violent husband.
 The Night Hawk is a 1924 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Queen of Hearts (French: La reine des pommes) is a 2009 film directed by Valérie Donzelli. It was presented at the Locarno International Film Festival for the Filmmakers of the Present Competition.
 The Original Sin (German: Der Apfel ist ab) is a 1948 German comedy film directed by Helmut Käutner. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Daybreak (Filipino: Bukang-liwayway English: dawn twilight) is a 2008 Philippine gay indie film written by Charliebebs Gohetia and directed by the Manila-based Filipino director Adolfo Borinaga Alix Jr. who also directed other indie films such as Donsol Kadin and Batanes. The movie features only two characters Paolo Rivero (as William) and Coco Martin (as JP) who are both Filipino actors.
 Año Bisiesto (Leap Year) is a 2010 Mexican film from the Australian-Mexican screenwriter and film director Michael Rowe.
 Day of the Woman (better known by its re-release title I Spit on Your Grave) is a controversial 1978 cult classic rape and revenge film. The film received a limited release with a wider release in 1980. Prominent film critics condemned the film for its graphic violence nudity obscene language and lengthy depictions of gang rape and the motion picture remains controversial to this day; even considered as being among the worst ever made.
 Sound of Horror (Spanish: El sonido de la muerte) is a 1964 Spanish film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde.
 My Name Is Petersen is a 1947 Danish drama film directed by Christen Jul and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 The Thing We Love is a 1918 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Lou Tellegen and starred Wallace Reid Kathlyn Williams and Tully Marshall. It marked Tellegen's second foray into directing as he usually was a leading man in front of the camera like Reid. This film is lost.
 The Terminators is a science fiction film by The Asylum. Though the film's title is deliberately similar to the 1984 film The Terminator the events in the film's storyline are more similar to 1973's Westworld and the 2004 revision of Battlestar Galactica.[citation needed] As a mockbuster it was released one month prior to the premiere of the fourth film in the Terminator franchise Terminator Salvation.
 The Wager is a 2007 Christian drama film directed by Judson Pearce Morgan. It stars Randy Travis Jude Ciccolella and Candace Cameron Bure. It was based on the novel The Wager by Bill Myers. Billy DaMota did casting for the film.
 The Romance of Yushima (婦系図 湯島の白梅 Onna Keizu Yushima no Shiraume) （おんなけいず ゆしまのしらうめ）aka The White Plum of Yushima is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Teinosuke Kinugasa.
 That's Right You're Wrong (1939) is a musical film directed by David Butler and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film starred Kay Kyser and his band with a cast that included Adolphe Menjou Lucille Ball Edward Everett Horton Roscoe Karns and Ginny Simms (as herself).
 A Dog in a Drawer (Bulgarian: Куче в чекмедже / Kuche v chekmedzhe) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1982 directed by Dimitar Petrov starring Veselin Prahov Martin Stoyanov and Ruzha Delcheva. This is the first of a series of hit movies starring the child actor Veselin Prahov which turned him into a star of the Bulgarian cinema from the 1980s.
 Soltane Ghalbha (in Persian: سلطان قلبها; literally: King of the Hearts) is a 1968 melodrama Iranian film directed by Mohammad Ali Fardin. Aref Arefkia and Ahdieh did the singing voices of the film and dubbed the lead performers.
 Cradle Robbers is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 26th Our Gang short subject released.
 Rhapsody in Blue (1945) is a fictionalized screen biography of the American composer and musician George Gershwin (September 26 1898 – July 11 1937) released by Warner Brothers.
 Ningen Gyorai Kaiten (人間魚雷回天 Ningen gyorai kaiten) literally Human-steered torpedo Kaiten is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Shūe Matsubayashi.
 Monte Carlo: C'est La Rose is a documentary from 1968.
 Heavens Fall is an American film based on the Scottsboro Boys incident of 1931.
 Déjà Vu is a 1988 Soviet-Polish comedy thriller that takes place in Soviet Odessa in 1925 and spoofs a lot of gangster films.
 Leviathan is a 1989 science fiction horror film about a hideous creature that stalks and kills a group of people in a sealed environment in a similar vein to such films as Alien (1979) and The Thing (1982). It is one of many underwater-themed movies released around 1989 including The Abyss DeepStar Six The Evil Below Lords of the Deep and The Rift (Endless Descent).
 Moonnam Pakkam (English: The Third day Malayalam: മൂന്നാം പക്കം) is a 1988 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Padmarajan. It stars Jayaram Thilakan Keerthy Jagathi Sreekumar Rahman Ashokan and Ajayan. Keerthy and Ajayan made their debut in this film. The film met with critical acclaim and was also a commercial success.[citation needed]
 Over the Hill to the Poorhouse (1920) also known as Over the Hill is a silent film about a woman who has a lot of children and who never gets the chance to enjoy life. The film starred actress Mary Carr and almost all of her real-life children. The film was directed by Harry Millarde released by Fox Film Corporation and was a box office success in 1920. The film was remade as Over the Hill (1931) starring Mae Marsh and as Tears of a Mother (1937).
 Vambu Sandai is a love thriller Tamil film starring Sathyaraj and Uday Kiran. The film opened to mixed reviews. The film was simultaneously made in Telugu as Lakshmi Putrudu.
 Howard the Duck is a 1986 American science fiction comedy film directed by Willard Huyck and starring Lea Thompson Tim Robbins and Jeffrey Jones. Produced by Gloria Katz and George Lucas the screenplay was originally intended to be an animated film based on the Marvel comic book of the same name but the film adaptation became live action due to a contractual obligation.
 Fourth Commandment is a 1926 silent film drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by Emory Johnson. Johnson was an actor who was primarily in front of the camera in films such as The Sea Lion (1921). The picture stars Belle Bennett Henry Victor June Marlowe and Mary Carr. Print exists incomplete at British Film and Television (BFI) London.
 Evita is a documentary film on the life of Eva Duarte created by Eduardo Montes-Bradley. Conformed in its entirety with previously unseen historical footage and documents the film reconstructs the life of the former Argentine first lady from an unbiased perspective. The film starts with meticulous examination of Evita’s origins her relationship with her parents (particularly her father) and her siblings. Evita goes on to reveal intimate aspects of Ms.
 Little Sister is a 1992 American comedy film written and directed by Jimmy Zeilinger. Starring Jonathan Silverman and Alyssa Milano the film was released in the UK under the title Mister Sister.
 Wandering Souls (German:Irrende Seelen) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Asta Nielsen Alfred Abel and Walter Janssen. It was based on the 1869 novel The Idiot by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. The film was the first of three to be made by Russo Film a small production company set up by Decla-Bioscop to make literary adaptations. It premiered on 3 March 1921 at the Marmorhaus in Berlin.
 Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid is a 1973 American Western drama film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring James Coburn Kris Kristofferson and Bob Dylan. Written by Rudy Wurlitzer the film is about an aging Pat Garrett hired as a lawman by a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid.Dylan composed several songs for the movie's score and soundtrack album Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid which was released the same year.
 Wait till the Sun Shines Nellie is a 1952 film drama directed by Henry King sharing the name of a popular song. It stars Jean Peters and David Wayne.
 For the famous diamond see Florentine Diamond.The Florentine is a 1999 film directed Nick Stagliano and produced by Francis Ford Coppola's American Zoetrope. It stars Jeremy Davies Virginia Madsen Luke Perry Mary Stuart Masterson Michael Madsen Chris Penn Hal Holbrook Tom Sizemore Maeve Quinlan James Belushi and Burt Young. The film was shot in the Lehigh Valley in Pennsylvania in the cities of Bethlehem Allentown Easton as well as nearby Hellertown.
 Redball is a 1999 Australian film.Jon Hewitt wrote the script after seeing Belinda McClory in Janus on TV.Most of the budget came from private sources with $100000 from Film Victoria. The movie was shot on mini-DV.
 Hammett is a 1982 homage to noir films and pulp fiction produced by Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Wim Wenders. The film is a fictionalized story about writer Dashiell Hammett based on the novel of the same name by Joe Gores. The film was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.It stars Frederic Forrest Marilu Henner and Peter Boyle.
 The Waiting Room is a 2012 documentary film and social media project directed by Peter Nicks that follows the life and times of patients doctors and staff at Highland Hospital a safety-net hospital in Oakland California.The project includes a blog which features stories and conversations from the waiting room as well as behind-the-scenes information about the project. Frequent video updates from the project are posted on the blog.
 Chokh (English: The Eyes) is a 1982 Indian Bengali film directed by Utpalendu Chakrabarty with Om Puri Anil Chatterjee Shyamanand Jalan and Sreela Majumdar in lead roles. The film is set in 1975 and the oppression and explotation of Jute mill workers in Kolkata.At the 30th National Film Awards he won the awards for Best Feature Film as well as Best Direction award for the director.
 King of the Mounties (1942) is a Republic film serial.
 Nadi Theke Sagare is a 1978 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Aurobindo Mukherjee starring Mithun Chakraborty and Soumitra Chatterjee in stellar roles.
 Maid in Akihabara (めいどinあきはばら Meido in Akihabara) is a 6 episode series that was produced in Japan in 2005 and released on February 24 2006. Each episode ran about 15 minutes and took place in Akihabara Tokyo - the cyber city of Japan. The story begins when a woman named Saki an ex-bar girl tries to find a job to hide from a group of yakuza. She ends up getting a job at a Maid cafe called Meido no miyage (Maid's gift). She is the third maid to be joining the cafe.
 Honest Man: The Life of R. Budd Dwyer is a 2010 documentary film by James Dirschberger that chronicles the Computer Technology Associates (CTA) scandal that led to Treasurer R. Budd Dwyer's public suicide.The documentary features new interviews with Dwyer's family friends and colleagues. These interviews include Dwyer's widow Joanne (her last before her death in 2009) and William T. Smith the man whose testimony convicted Dwyer.
 Appointment with a Shadow is a 1957 film noir directed by Richard Carlson. It stars George Nader and Brian Keith.
 The Christmas Burglars is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Alai Osai is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Sirumugai Ravi. The film stars Vijayakanth and Nalini in the lead roles.
 Crush is a 2009 Australian thriller film directed by Jeffrey Gerritsen and John V. Soto. It stars Christopher Egan as Julian an American martial arts champ house sitting a luxury home in Perth. Julian's life unravels when he cheats on his girlfriend Clare (Brooke Harman) with Anna (Emma Lung). It was released in Australia in April 2009. It was released on DVD in North America on 14 July 2010.
 Beauty and the Bastard is a 2005 Finnish musical romantic drama film directed by Dome Karukoski and written by Pekko Pesonen. Its original Finnish title is Tyttö sinä olet tähti which means Girl you are a star. It stars Pamela Tola and Samuli Vauramo. Eero Milonoff Joonas Saartamo Mikko Leppilampi and Mikko Kouki play supporting roles. It is the feature-film debut of director Dome Karukoski who had previous experience from commercials and short films.
 Venner for altid Friends Forever in English (literally Friends for All Time) is a Danish film produced in 1986 and released at the beginning of 1987. It was directed by Stefan Henszelman to a script by himself and Alexander Kørschen was shown to large audiences in New York Washington D.C.
 Return to Babylon is a black-and-white silent film about the silent movie era. It was directed by Alex Monty Canawati. It stars an ensemble cast of Jennifer Tilly María Conchita Alonso Ione Skye Debi Mazar Laura Harring and Tippi Hedren.
 Last Resort is a 1986 comedy film directed by Zane Buzby and produced by Julie Corman. It revolves around George Lollar (Charles Grodin) who takes his family on vacation to Club Sand a shoddy and untrustworthy company. On this tropical island they find soldiers everywhere an unhelpful staff inhospitable accommodations and undesirable holiday makers but everyone except for George manages to have fun in the sun.
 Hannie Caulder is a 1971 British Western film directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Raquel Welch Robert Culp and Ernest Borgnine. The screenplay was rewritten by Kennedy who wasn't credited.
 Violet Tendencies is a 2010 romantic comedy film directed by Casper Andreas written by Jesse Archer and starring Mindy Cohn and Marcus Patrick. The film was released in the United States on November 19 2010 and came out on video on demand in March 2011 and DVD on May 24 2011.
 Double Double Toil and Trouble is a 1993 Halloween children's TV movie. It stars Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen as two adventurous little girls who discover that their Great Aunt Sophia has been trapped and cursed by her evil twin sister Agatha. On the 7th year of her imprisonment Sophia will be doomed to the netherworld unless the spell is broken by the magical spell of twins.
 Invisible Mom is a 1997 American comedy film about a mother who becomes invisible.
 This Very Moment (German: Milchwald) is a 2003 film directed by Christoph Hochhäusler.
 Special Delivery (also known as Vom Himmel gefallen (in German)) is a 1955 West German comedy film directed by John Brahm. It stars Joseph Cotten and Eva Bartok.
 Margaret's Museum is a critically acclaimed 1995 British-Canadian dark film drama directed by Mort Ransen and based on Sheldon Currie's novel The Glace Bay Miners' Museum.
 Duplicity is a 2009 American romantic spy film written and directed by Tony Gilroy and starring Clive Owen and Julia Roberts. The plot follows two corporate spies with a romantic history who collaborate to carry out a complicated con. The film was released on March 20 2009.
 Allari Bullodu (Telugu: అల్లరి బూళ్లోడు) is a 2005 medium-budget Telugu movie. The movie stars Nitin and Trisha and Rathi. The film is directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The score and soundtrack was composed by M. M. Kerravani and was released in September 2005 and it was an average movie at the box office. The Hindi Dubbed version of this film is Mawali Ek Play Boy.
 The Flower and the Angry Waves (花と怒濤 Hana to dotō) is a 1964 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki.
 Tirchhi Topiwale is a 1998 Bollywood film directed by Nadeem Khan and produced by Babu Latiwala. It stars Chunky Pandey and Monica Bedi in pivotal roles.
 Grave Encounters 2 is a 2012 Canadian-American horror film directed by John Poliquin written by The Vicious Brothers and the sequel to the 2011 film Grave Encounters. It is shot in found footage style like its predecessor and follows a group of devoted fans who break into the same psychiatric hospital to investigate whether the events of the previous film actually happened quickly becoming the targets of the hospital's malevolent entities.
 I'm Bout It is a 1997 film by rapper Master P. The plot details his life in a New Orleans uptown ghetto and about his brother Kevin Miller played by Anthony Boswell. Master P wrote directed and acted in the film. The movie itself was a huge success for No limit Records and No Limit Films. It was an independent release.
 A Régiséggyüjtö is a 1917 short Hungarian film directed by Alfréd Deésy and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 Black Zoo is a 1963 American horror film produced and co-written by Herman Cohen. It is a violent gore-filled tale directed by Robert Gordon.
 The End of a Mystery (Spanish: La luz prodigiosa) is a 2003 Spanish drama film directed by Miguel Hermoso. It won the Golden St. George at the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Sweet and Sour (French: Dragées au poivre) is a 1963 French-Italian comedy film directed by Jacques Baratier and starring Guy Bedos.
 The Opposite of Sex is a 1998 film written and directed by Don Roos and stars Christina Ricci Martin Donovan and Lisa Kudrow.
 Marmayogi (English: The Mysterious Sage) is a 1951 Tamil film directed by K. Ramnoth and starring M. G. Ramachandran (MGR) and M. N. Nambiar. The screen play was written by A. S. A. Sami based on a Marie Corelli novel. This film cemented the onscreen image of MGR as a social rebel and fighter for justice. It was also made in Hindi (as Ek tha Raja) at the same time. It was the first Tamil film to receive an A (Adults Only) certificate from the film censor board.
 Cruiser Emden (German: Kreuzer Emden) is a 1932 German war film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Ralph Renée Stobrawa Hans Schlenck and Werner Fuetterer. It is a remake of a 1926 silent film Our Emden which had also been directed by Ralph. The film depicts the German First World War cruiser SMS Emden.
 The Outrage (1964) is a remake of the 1950 Japanese film Rashomon reformulated as a Western. It was directed by Martin Ritt and is based on stories by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa. Like the original Akira Kurosawa film four people give contradictory accounts of a rape and murder. Ritt utilizes flashbacks to provide these contradictory accounts. Kurosawa is credited with the screenplay.The Outrage stars Edward G. Robinson Paul Newman Laurence Harvey Claire Bloom and William Shatner.
 Heart to Heart is a 1949 American short documentary film about heart disease directed by Gunther von Fritsch. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Bhole Shankar is a 2008 Bhopuri-language Indian feature film directed by Pankaj Shukla and produced by Gulshan Bhatia starring Mithun Chakraborty and Manoj Tiwari in lead roles. The film took the biggest opening for a Bhojpuri film and is considered as the biggest Bhojpuri hit.
 La moglie in bianco... l'amante al pepe is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.
 Zero Charisma is a 2013 American comedy film written by Andrew Matthews and co-directed by Matthews and Katie Graham. The film premiered at the South By Southwest film festival in 2013 and later screened at multiple North American Film Festivals including the Maryland Film Festival the Fantasia International Film Festival in Montreal and the Newport Beach Film Festival.
 The Bushranger is a 1976 Australian TV movie.
 Frequency is a 2000 American science fiction thriller film. It was co-produced and directed by Gregory Hoblit and written and co-produced by Toby Emmerich. The film stars Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel as father and son Frank and John Sullivan respectively. It was filmed in Toronto and New York City. The film gained mostly favorable reviews following its release via DVD format on October 31 2000.
 The Black Cat is a 1941 film based on the short story by Edgar Allan Poe. The comedy/horror film was directed by Albert S. Rogell starring Basil Rathbone and featuring supporting performances by Bela Lugosi and Alan Ladd in small roles. Lugosi also stars in a 1934 film with the same title.
 The Hare Census (Bulgarian: Преброяване на дивите зайци / Prebroyavane na Divite Zaytsi) is a Bulgarian satiric comedy film released in 1973 directed by Eduard Zahariev starring Itzhak Fintzi Nikola Todev Georgi Rusev Evstati Stratev Philip Trifonov and Todor Kolev.Although the film features one of the most remarkable Bulgarian actors the biting satire of nonsensical activity made the authority keep the film away from the widespread presentation during the totalitarian system in Bulgaria. 
 The Light: Swami Vivekananda (2013) is a bilingual (Bengali and Hindi) film directed by Utpal (Tutu) Sinha and produced by Tri Colour productions private limited. The film is based on the life and teaching of Swami Vivekananda. The film was a tribute to Vivekananda on the 150th anniversary of his birth. The film was dubbed in 18 languages.Deep Bhattacharya played the role of Swami Vivekananda whom director Tutu Sinha first saw in a Bengali drama.
 Tumhare Liye (Hindi: तुम्हारे लिये; translation: For Your Sake) is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar Vidya Sinha and Ashok Kumar as leads with music scored by Jaidev.
 The Return of Jafar (also known as Aladdin: The Return of Jafar) is a 1994 American animated film that is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1992 animated film Aladdin both produced by The Walt Disney Company. The film was released on May 20 1994 and serves as the origin of the Aladdin animated series.
 Amelia Earhart is a 1976 two-part television miniseries starring Susan Clark and John Forsythe. Unlike more recent depictions of Earhart's life this film makes an attempt to cover her entire life from her childhood on a Kansas farm her nursing during World War I an early boyfriend employment at a Boston children's orphanage her interest and exploits in aviation her marriage to publisher G.P. Putnam and her famous disappearance in 1937.
 Monkey Business is a 1931 comedy film. It is the third of the Marx Brothers' released movies and the first not to be an adaptation of one of their Broadway shows. The film stars the four brothers: Groucho Marx Chico Marx Harpo Marx and Zeppo Marx and screen comedienne Thelma Todd. It is directed by Norman Z. McLeod with screenplay by S. J. Perelman and Will B. Johnstone. The story takes place in large part on an ocean liner crossing the Atlantic Ocean.
 A Reasonable Man is a 1999 South African-French crime drama thriller produced written starring and directed by Gavin Hood.
 Muro: Damn the Humanist Inside (Turkish: Muro: Nalet Olsun İçimdeki İnsan Sevgisine) is a 2008 Turkish comedy film directed by Zübeyr Şaşmaz starring Mustafa Üstündağ and Şefik Onatoğlu as two revolutionaries recently released from prison who stumble across an illegal organization run by a former friend. The film which went on general release across Turkey on December 5 2008 (2008-12-05) is the third highest-grossing Turkish film of 2008.
 Black Patch is a 1957 American Western film directed by Allen H. Miner and written by Leo Gordon who also plays a supporting role. The film stars George Montgomery and Diane Brewster (who played Samantha Crawford in the television series Maverick that same year) and is the first film featuring a musical score by Jerry Goldsmith.
 The Ideal Schoolmaster (Czech: Kantor Ideál) is a 1932 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Take Care of Your Scarf Tatiana (Finnish: Pidä huivista kiinni Tatjana) also translated as Take Care of Your Scarf Tatjana is a 1994 Finnish/German film directed produced and co-written by Aki Kaurismäki. The film tells the story of two shy and unaccomplished middle-aged men who run away from their mothers' homes and drive aimlessly on the back roads of Finland.
 Last Train from Gun Hill is a 1959 Western by action director John Sturges. It stars Kirk Douglas Anthony Quinn Carolyn Jones and Earl Holliman. Douglas and Holliman had previously appeared together in Sturges' Gunfight at the O.K. Corral which used much of the same crew.The script is by James Poe based on a story by Les Crutchfield. The film contains elements of High Noon 3:10 to Yuma and Sturges' own Bad Day at Black Rock.
 The Train is a 2007 Bollywood thriller film directed by Hasnain Hyderabadwala and Raksha Mistry. about a married couple caught up in a complex emotional tangle. The film is a thriller that revolves around an extramarital affair. This is the debut for actress Sayali Bhagat. This movie is a remake of 2005 American film Derailed.
 The Lady Outlaw is a 1911 Australian silent film set in Van Diemen's Land during convict days.It is considered a lost film.
 Pieces (original title: Mil gritos tiene la noche translation: 'A Thousand Screams in the Night') is a 1982 exploitation slasher film and drive-in favorite. The film was directed by Spanish filmmaker Juan Piquer Simon. It stars Christopher George Linda Day Frank Braña Edmund Purdom Paul L. Smith Ian Sera and Jack Taylor.
 Lila Lila is a 2009 German film starring Daniel Brühl and Hannah Herzsprung.At various film festivals and international screenings the film was sometimes known under the title My Words My Lies My Love or My Words My Lies – My Love.The American distributor is Corinth Releasing.
 Camping del Terrore (internationally released as Body Count and The Eleventh Commandment) is a 1987 slasher/horror film directed by Ruggero Deodato and filmed in Italy.Camping del Terrore is one of the numerous sub-categorized backwoods slashers that occurred during the eighties made famous by Friday the 13th franchise and The Burning along with such others as The Final Terror The Prey Just Before Dawn Don't Go in the Woods Mother's Day and Madman.
 Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 1979 seven-part drama spy mini-series made by the BBC. Directed by John Irvin and produced by Jonathan Powell it is a television adaptation of the 1974 novel of the same name by John le Carré.
 Mariyadhai (Tamil: மரியாதை; English: Respect) is an Indian Tamil film that stars Vijayakanth who performs two roles while Meena plays the lead heroine. Meera Jasmine plays another heroine character while Ambika also plays a significant role. Directed by Vikraman who earlier directed hits like Poove Unakkaga (1996) and Vanathai Pola (2000) the film released in 2009.
 An Bloem is a 1983 Dutch film directed by Peter Oosthoek. It was his first feature-length film.
 An Elephant Called Slowly (1969) is a Morning Star Productions Ltd. feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna as themselves in a story about the couple's real-life adventures with three young African elephants while house-sitting in Kenya. George Adamson (of Born Free) makes an appearance as himself. The soundtrack features several well-known musical numbers by Bert Kaempfert. The film was written by Travers and director James Hill and has been released to VHS and DVD.
 Driving Force is a 1989 action film directed by A.J. Prowse.
 Chain Jayapal is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan for K.G.Balakrishnan. The film stars Rajkumar Sethupathi Ilavarasi and Rajeev in the lead roles.
 Kanimozhi is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language musical romance film. Directed and written by Sripathi Rangasamy and jointly produced by T. Siva and Sona Heiden it stars Jai and Shazahn Padamsee in the lead roles. The film features music composed by Satish Chakravarthy cinematography by Chidamparam and editing done by duo Praveen K. L. and N. B.
 A Long Way Down is a 2014 British dark comedy film directed by Pascal Chaumeil loosely based on author Nick Hornby's 2005 novel A Long Way Down. It stars Imogen Poots Toni Collette Pierce Brosnan and Aaron Paul as four strangers who happen to meet on the roof of a London building on New Year's Eve each with the intent of committing suicide. Their plans for death in solitude are ruined when they meet as they decide to come down from the roof alive — however temporary that may be.
 Sprawa pilota Maresza is a Polish film directed by Leonard Buczkowski released in 1956. Based on a novel by Janusz Meissner which was inspired by actual events. One of the first Polish features filmed in color.
 Drag (1929) is a drama film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Richard Barthelmess.
 Jay & Silent Bob’s Super Groovy Cartoon Movie is a 2013 American animated comedy film written by Kevin Silent Bob Smith directed by Steve Stark and produced by Jason Jay Mewes. The film's script was adapted from the Bluntman And Chronic comics story originally written by Smith as a companion piece to the film Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
 Faraz Anwar – Documentary is a 2005 documentary film directed and produced by Haroon Sheikh. The documentary film follows the experience of Faraz Anwar lead guitarist and vocalist of the Pakistani progressive rock band Mizraab in the music industry. The documentary was released on November 2005 by Poison Wood Productions.
 Coming Soon (โปรแกรมหน้า วิญญาณอาฆาต) 2008 Thai horror film which stars Singer Worrakarn Punch Rotjanawatchra Sakulrath Thomas and Chantavit Dhanasevi in the directorial debut for Sophon Sakdaphisit co-writer of Thai films Shutter and Alone.
 Straightheads is a 2007 British thriller film which follows a couple who are seeking revenge against a group of men who brutally attacked them. It is written and directed by Dan Reed who made his directorial début.The film features Gillian Anderson as Alice Comfort and Danny Dyer as Adam.
 Tempo di villeggiatura (internationally released as Time of Vacation) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Racioppi at his directorial debut.For this film Marisa Merlini won a Silver Ribbon for Best supporting Actress.
 Red Pearls is a 1930 British silent crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Lillian Rich Frank Perfitt and Arthur Pusey. It was made at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton. It was based on the novel Nearer! Nearer! by J. Randolph James. The film was produced just as the change to sound films was taking place in Britain.
 Divine Food: 100 Years in the Kosher Delicatessen Trade is a 1998 documentary about how immigrant butcher Isaac Oscherwitz became the patriarch of a kosher food mega-corporation that still feeds Jews across America. The film reveals the step-by-step behind-the-scenes process of butchering kosher meat and also looks into the lives of the Oscherwitz family through personal interviews family stories and archival home videos.
 Never a Dull Moment is a 1968 film from Walt Disney Productions. It stars Dick Van Dyke and Edward G. Robinson and was directed by Jerry Paris. The script by AJ Carothers was based on a novel by John Godey.It was re-released to theaters in April 1977 along with the animated featurette The Three Caballeros.
 To Sir with Love II is a 1996 American television film a sequel to the 1967 British film To Sir with Love. Like its first part it deals with social issues in an inner city school. It was directed by Peter Bogdanovich (his first made for TV film) and stars Sidney Poitier in the role of Thackeray the teacher whom he made famous in the original film.
 Death for Five Voices (German: Tod für fünf Stimmen sometimes released as Gesualdo: Death for Five Voices) is a 1995 film by German director Werner Herzog filmed for ZDF television. The film explores the music of Carlo Gesualdo and the legends surrounding Gesualdo's personality his cursed castle and his murder of his wife and her lover. Between narration and interviews several of Gesualdo's madrigals are performed. Herzog calls Death for Five Voices one of the films closest to my heart.
 Kummi Paattu is a 1999 Tamil drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja. The film features Prabhu and Devayani in leading roles with Sivakumar Radhika and Urvashi in other pivotal roles. The film which has music composed by Ilaiyaraaja released in May 1999.
 Scarlet Angel is a 1952 film starring Rock Hudson.
 The Night Brings Charlie is a 1990 horror film directed by Tom Logan and written by Bruce Carson.
 Ao no Honō (青の炎 The Blue Flame internationally known as The Blue Light) is a 2003 Japanese film based on the novel of the same name by Yusuke Kishi directed and co-written by Yukio Ninagawa and starring Kazunari Ninomiya and Aya Matsuura.
 Broken Allegiance is a fan film that made its debut on the internet in April 2002 created by Australian fans of the Star Wars franchise. It is a live-action drama set in the Star Wars universe taking place a few weeks between the events in A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back. It tells the story of two Sith apprentices Ruan and Calis who have escaped the Empire by fleeing Coruscant in a stolen transport.
 Rockin' thru the Rockies is the 45th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Doctor Krishna is a 1989 Indian Kannada drama film directed and written by Phani Ramachandra. The film starred Vishnuvardhan in the title role along with Suman Ranganathan and Tara in leading roles. The music of the film was composed by Rajan-Nagendra.Produced by Vijaya Shankar Bhat under Satya Sai Movies banner the film was released in 1989 and met with positive response from critics and audience.
 Asphalt (아스팔트) is a 1964 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Sarah Maldoror ou la nostalgie de l'utopie is a Togolese short documentary film directed by Anne-Laure Folly.
 A Very Long Engagement (French: Un long dimanche de fiançailles) is a 2004 French romantic war film co-written and directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Audrey Tautou. It is a fictional tale about a young woman's desperate search for her fiancé who might have been killed in the Battle of the Somme during World War I. It was based on a novel of the same name written by Sebastien Japrisot first published in 1991.
 Testament (1983) is a drama film based on The Last Testament by Carol Amen (1934-1987) directed by Lynne Littman and written by John Sacret Young. The film tells the story of how one small suburban town near the San Francisco Bay Area slowly falls apart after a nuclear war destroys outside civilization.Originally produced for the PBS series American Playhouse it was given a theatrical release instead by Paramount Pictures (although PBS did subsequently air it a year later).
 No Man's Land (Danish title: Ingemandsland) is a 2013 British documentary film by Michael Graversen that focuses on Center Jægerspris a facility in Denmark that houses unaccompanied minors who have entered Denmark seeking asylum mainly from conflict zones such as Afghanistan Iran and Ethiopia.The asylum process in Denmark may take years to reach a verdict.
 The Big Mouth is a 1967 comedy film produced directed co-written and starring Jerry Lewis released on July 12 1967 by Columbia Pictures. It was filmed in San Diego and features Frank De Vol as an onscreen narrator.
 D.C. Cab is a 1983 comedy film starring Mr. T Max Gail Adam Baldwin Gary Busey and a special appearance by singer Irene Cara. The film was co-written and directed by Joel Schumacher. The R-rated comedy was controversial upon release due to Mr. T's appeal among children which resulted in the film being mismarketed in many regions.[citation needed]
 Innocent also known as Helix is a 2009 American action drama film directed by Aram Rappaport filmed in downtown Chicago Illinois in one continuous take. There are no cuts in the filming. Innocent is one of the first ever feature length films to be shot in one take and it is a kidnapping thriller that circumnavigates downtown Chicago on foot and by car.
 Eye of the Needle is a 1981 American spy film directed by Richard Marquand and starring Donald Sutherland and Kate Nelligan. Based on the novel of the same title by Ken Follett the film is about a German spy in England during World War II who discovers vital information about the upcoming D-Day invasion.
 Lawless Land is a 1937 American film directed by Albert Ray.
 Dora Nelson is a 1935 French comedy film directed by René Guissart and starring Elvire Popesco André Lefaur and Frédéric Duvallès. The film was based on a play by Louis Verneuil. In 1939 it was remade as an Italian film of the same title.
 The Crimson Rivers (French: Les Rivières Pourpres) is a 2000 French psychological thriller film directed by Mathieu Kassovitz and based on the best-selling novel Les Rivières Pourpres by the film's co-writer Jean-Christophe Grangé.This $14 million-budgeted film went on to gross $60 million in worldwide theatrical release.A sequel Crimson Rivers II: Angels of the Apocalypse (Les Rivières Pourpres II: Les Anges de l'Apocalypse) was released in 2004.
 Metro-Land is a BBC documentary film written and narrated by the then UK Poet Laureate Sir John Betjeman. It was directed by Edward Mirzoeff and first broadcast on 26 February 1973. The film celebrates suburban life in the area to the north-west of London that grew up in the early 20th century around the Metropolitan Railway (later the Metropolitan Line of the Underground).
 Christina is a lost 1929 early sound film starring Janet Gaynor and directed by William K. Howard. The supporting cast includes Charles Morton Rudolph Schildkraut Harry Cording and Lucy Doraine.
 La Révolution française is a two-part film co-produced by France Germany Italy the United Kingdom and Canada. The first part titled La Révolution française: les Années lumière (The Years of Light) was directed by Robert Enrico. The second part La Révolution française: les Années terribles (The Years of Terror) was directed by Richard T. Heffron.
 Zombie Brigade is a 1988 Australian film shot in Toodyay Western Australia.
 Prince is a 2011 Kannada film in the action and romance genre starring Darshan Tugudeep Nikita Thukral and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles. The film has been directed and written by Om Prakash Rao and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj under Sandesh Combines. The music of the film was composed by V. Harikrishna.
 Under the Lash is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson. The film is based on the play The Shulamite by Claude Askew and Edward Knoblock and the novel of the same name by Alice and Claude Askew.The film is lost with no copies of it existing in any archives.
 Christmas at Camp 119 (Italian: Natale al campo 119) is a 1948 Italian comedy film directed by Pietro Francisci and starring Margherita Bagni.
 Gadis jang Terdjoeal is a c. 1937 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). It was directed by The Teng Chun his first film to recognise native interests.
 Vanaja Girija is a 1994 Tamil comedy film directed by Keyaar. The film features Napoleon Ramki Kushboo and Mohini in lead roles. The film produced by Meena Panju Arunachalam had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 16 December 1994.
 Mushkil (Urdu: مشکل lit. difficult) is an Urdu film which was released on 1995 across theaters in Pakistan. The film dealt with the issue of child-camel jockeys illegally trafficked from the third world into the numerous Arab oildoms. The score was composed by Amjad Bobby. Hit tracks included Dil ho gaya hai tera deewana and Mushkil hai barha mushkil hai.
 Un Samayal Arayil (English: In Your Kitchen) (titled Ulavacharu Biryani in Telugu and Oggarane in Kannada) is an upcoming trilingual Indian romantic comedy film directed by Prakash Raj. It stars Prakash Raj and Sneha and features Urvashi Tejus and Samyuktha Hornad in supporting roles. The film features the original score and soundtrack by Ilaiyaraja. It is a remake of Aashiq Abu's Malayalam film Salt N' Pepper. The regular shoot is commencing from September 26 at Mysore.
 Rang De Basanti (Hindi: रंग दे बसंती; Urdu: رنگ دے بسنتى‎; Punjabi: ਰੰਗ ਦੇ ਬਸੰਤੀ; IPA: [ˈrəŋɡ d̪eː bəˈsənt̪i]; English: Colour it Saffron) is a 2006 Indian drama film written and directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra. It features an ensemble cast comprising Aamir Khan Siddharth Narayan Soha Ali Khan Kunal Kapoor Madhavan Sharman Joshi Atul Kulkarni and British actress Alice Patten in the lead roles.
 Psycho is a 1998 American mystery horror thriller film produced and directed by Gus Van Sant for Universal Pictures a remake of the 1960 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
 Kindergymnastik is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Aadivaram Adavallaku Selavu Kavali is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Raja VannemReddy. Sivaji plays the lead role. The film released on 23 February 2007.
 Seeking Justice (also known as Justice and formerly titled The Hungry Rabbit Jumps) is a 2011 action-thriller starring Nicolas Cage January Jones and Guy Pearce. The film was directed by Roger Donaldson and produced by Tobey Maguire Ram Bergman and James D. Stern. Filming took place in New Orleans Louisiana. The first trailer was released in September 2011.
 Noah is a 2014 American epic biblically-inspired film directed by Darren Aronofsky written by Aronofsky and Ari Handel and based on the story of Noah's Ark. The film stars Russell Crowe as Noah along with Jennifer Connelly Ray Winstone Emma Watson Logan Lerman Anthony Hopkins and Douglas Booth. It was released in North American theaters on March 28 2014 in 2-D and IMAX while several countries will also release a version of the film converted to 3-D and IMAX 3D.
 L' Ospedale del delitto is a 1950 Italian short documentary film directed by Luigi Comencini.
 Bummer (Russian title: Бумер (pronounced Boo-me-r) is a 2003 road movie directed by Pyotr Buslov. The plot revolves around four friends who get into trouble with the law and flee Moscow in a black BMW (the eponymous Bummer).As the men drive across the Russian expanse they encounter corruption violence poverty and various situations characterizing the bleakness and challenges of small-town life in post-Soviet Russia.
 Last Call is a 2002 drama film written and directed by Henry Bromell about F. Scott Fitzgerald based on the novel by Frances Kroll Ring. The film stars Jeremy Irons as Fitzgerald Sissy Spacek as Zelda Fitzgerald and Neve Campbell as Frances Kroll.
 All The Rivers Run is an Australian television miniseries from 1983 and 1989 starring Sigrid Thornton and John Waters. The miniseries is based on the Australian historical novel by Nancy Cato first published in 1958. The film is marketed with the tagline A sweeping saga of one woman's struggle for survival.The first series comprises 4 two-hour episodes first broadcast in October 1983 the second series comprises 2 two-hour episodes first broadcast on 18 March 1990.
 Hemşo is a 2000 Turkish film directed and written by Ömer Uğur.
 Uyarndhavargal is a 1977 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by T. N. Balu starring Kamal Haasan and Sujatha in lead roles. The film is the remake of much acclaimed Koshish starring Sanjeev Kumar and Jaya Bhaduri.
 2012: Ice Age is a 2011 disaster film produced by the independent film group The Asylum.
 Devasura is a 2001 Kannada film made in India directed by M. S. Jayaramayya and starring Devraj and B. C. Patil. It is a remake of the 1992 Malayalam film Kauravar starring Mammootty and Vishnuvardhan.
 Kutti (in English meaning Small boy / girl (used as a pet name) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy action film directed by Mithran Jawahar who with the project recombines with the lead actor following the success of their previous venture. The film stars Dhanush Shriya Saran and Sameer Dattani in the lead roles with Radha Ravi playing a pivotal role.
 Il bello il brutto il cretino internationally known as The Handsome the Ugly and the Stupid is a 1967 Italian film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi. It is a spaghetti western parody of The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
 Aty-baty shli soldaty... (Аты-баты шли солдаты...) is a 1977 Soviet film directed by Leonid Bykov.
 Gauchos of El Dorado is a 1941 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Lester Orlebeck.
 The White Peacock (German: Der weisse Pfau) is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont and starring Guido Herzfeld Hans Mierendorff and Karl Platen. An upper-class theatregoer falls in love with a gypsy dancer at a music hall in the East End of London a frequent scenario of Dupont's films at the time.
 Red Sundown is a 1956 film directed by Jack Arnold.
 In the Affirmative (French: L'Amour avec des si) is a 1962 French film by Claude Lelouch. Though Lelouch had experienced failure with his debut feature Le Propre de l'homme he managed to gain favourable exposure when the film was sent to be exhibited in Sweden and earned compliments from Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Supernova is a 2005 made for television movie originally aired on Hallmark Channel. The film is a typical disaster movie and as such it had a large number of special effects. It was filmed on location in Cape Town South Africa and Sydney Australia. The ensemble cast is led by Luke Perry and Peter Fonda.
 Ghost Banana Tree is a 2005 film one of the Khmer success horror films based on a Cambodian haunting ghost story about a vengeful ghost woman that climbs a banana tree to kill her husband. It's the fourth success horror film by Campro production after Neang Neath The Forest and The Haunted House.
 My Brother is a 2006 film directed by Academy Award nominee Anthony Lover. It stars Vanessa L. Williams Tatum O'Neal Nashawn Kearse and Fredro Starr. It also stars two first time actors with Down syndrome Christopher Scott and Donovan Jennings. Two developmentally disabled actors played leading roles and also an African American actor with a developmental disability played a leading role.The movie was produced by Gregory Segal for Angel Baby Entertainment and Liberty Artists.
 The Insomniac is a 2009 Singaporean film noir written and directed by Madhav Mathur. It is the debut feature length film under the Bad Alliteration Films independent production banner. The Insomniac premiered at the Sinema Old School Singapore-based independent distribution house opening in the 100-seater venue on August 13 2009 in Singapore.The film's narrative centers on Ali a workaholic writer who is struggling to complete his latest work of fiction.
 Konchem Koththaga is a 2008 Telugu film directed written by Raju Rajendra Prasad. Venkat plays the lead role while Ali Tulip Joshi Ashish Vidyarthi and Johnny Lever play other roles.
 Midnight Sun is an upcoming Canadian/American film directed by Roger Spottiswoode.
 Back to the Sea is a Chinese 3D traditional animated family comedy film. It was released on January 27 2012 in Canada and November 16 2012 in the United States.
 Comedy of Power (French: L'Ivresse du pouvoir) is a 2006 French drama film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Isabelle Huppert. The French title which sums up the whole story means “drunk with power”.
 Commencement Day is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 25th Our Gang short subject released.
 It's a Wonderful Life (大富之家) is a 1994 Hong Kong film directed by Clifton Ko.
 Mr. Moto Takes a Chance is the fourth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is based on the character of Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand and an original story by Norman Foster and Willis Cooper called Look Out Mr. Moto.
 Absolute Hangover (Norwegian: Absolutt blåmandag) is a 1999 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss starring Ingar Helge Gimle and Brit Elisabeth Haagensli. John and Siri Lill are around forty and have been together for most of their lives without getting married. When John's drinking gets out of hand Siri Lill decides to move back with her parents. John goes on a drunken binge and just as the apartment is in a terrible mess Siri Lill decides to return.
 Long Dark Night (Croatian: Duga mračna noć) is a 2004 Croatian film dealing with World War II in Croatia and its aftermath. It was directed by Antun Vrdoljak and starred Goran Višnjić. It was Croatia's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Great Balls of Fire! is a 1989 American biographical film directed by Jim McBride and starring Dennis Quaid as pioneer rock 'n' roll star Jerry Lee Lewis. Based on a biography by Myra Lewis and Murray M. Silver Jr. the screenplay is written by McBride and Jack Baran.
 Angane Oru Avadhikkalathu is a 1999 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Mohan and stars Sreenivasan Samyuktha Varma and Mukesh in the lead roles. Johnson won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Music Director for his work in the film.
 The Apple (Persian: سیب‎ translit. Sib) is the 1998 film directorial debut by Samira Makhmalbaf daughter of the acclaimed Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf. The film is based on a true story and features the real people that actually lived it. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Aashiq Hoon Baharon Ka ('I am lover of spring season') is a 1977 Indian Bollywood romance film drama directed by J. Om Prakash.
 Orphan of the Wilderness is a 1936 Australian feature film from director Ken G. Hall about the adventures of a boxing kangaroo. It starred Brian Abbot who disappeared at sea not long after filming completed.
 Hello Baby (Swedish: Hallo Baby) is a 1976 Swedish drama film directed by Johan Bergenstråhle. Toivo Pawlo won the award for Best Actor at the 12th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Strangler's Grip is a 1912 Australian silent film shot by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered a lost film.
 The Barretts of Wimpole Street is a 1934 American film depicting the real-life romance between poets Elizabeth Barrett (Norma Shearer) and Robert Browning (Fredric March) despite the opposition of her father Edward Moulton-Barrett (Charles Laughton). The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture and Shearer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. It was written by Ernest Vajda Claudine West and Donald Ogden Stewart from the play by Rudolf Besier.
 With Fire and Sword (Polish: Ogniem i Mieczem; Ukrainian: Вогнем і Мечем Vohnem i Mechem) is a 1999 Polish historical drama film directed by Jerzy Hoffman. The film is based on the novel With Fire and Sword the first part in The Trilogy of Henryk Sienkiewicz.At the time of its filming it was the most expensive Polish film ever made.
 Letters to Father Jacob (Finnish: Postia pappi Jaakobille) is a 2009 Finnish drama film written and directed by Klaus Härö. Set in the early 1970s and based on a story by Jaana Makkonen the film tells the story of Leila a pardoned convict who becomes an assistant to a blind priest Jacob. The film depicts her transformation from a sceptic who grudgingly reads letters aloud to her benefactor into a caring savior of the pastor from his despair after the letters stop coming.
 Dívka v modrém is a 1940 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra.
 The Invisible Children of Love is a multi-lingual (English/Bengali) film by Shubho released in 2003.
 Be a Mother (Chinese: 母語) is a 2011 Chinese drama film directed by Yu Zhong.
 The Buddha of Suburbia is a 1993 British four-part television serial directed by Roger Michell. Based on the novel of the same name by Hanif Kureishi the programme starred Naveen Andrews as the main character Karim Amir. The programme's music was written and performed by David Bowie.Unable to find distribution in America the series was given a limited engagement screening at The Public Theater in Manhattan from December 1994 to January 1995.
 Hopelessly Lost (Russian: Совсем пропащий translit. Sovsem propashchiy) is a 1973 Soviet adventure comedy directed by Georgiy Daneliya based on Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Cinematography by Vadim Yusov. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 Don't Say a Word is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Michael Douglas Brittany Murphy and Sean Bean based on the novel of the same title by Andrew Klavan. Don't Say a Word was directed by Gary Fleder and written by Anthony Peckham and Patrick Smith Kelly.
 Just One of the Guys is a 1985 comedy film directed by Lisa Gottlieb. The film is marketed with the tagline Terry Griffith is about to go where no woman has gone before. This movie ranked number 48 on Entertainment Weekly 's list of the 50 Best High School Movies. The movie is a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
 Graduate First (French: Passe ton bac d'abord) is a 1978 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Sabine Haudepin. The film is set in the north of France in Lens in a region profoundly affected by unemployment - the students from modest backgrounds try to forget their fears of what tomorrow will bring.The film is an unsparing portrait of teenage life in the French suburbs [that] sees a group of schoolfriends adrift at the end of the 1970s.
 Old Men in New Cars (Danish: Gamle Mænd i Nye Biler) (2002) is a Danish action comedy film directed by Lasse Spang Olsen. The movie stars Kim Bodnia Nikolaj Lie Kaas and Tomas Villum Jensen. It is a prequel to Olsen's 1999 comedy In China They Eat Dogs.
 Sharyat (Marathi:शर्यत; Meaning: Race) is a 2011 film directed by Viju Mane which stars Sachin Pilgaonkar Neena Kulkarni Vidyadhar Joshi & Santosh Juvekar in lead roles. The film revolves around how two families fight for Mahadevacha Pujacha Maan which literally translated in English means the privilege to hold the puja of Lord Shiva (Mahadev is another name for Shiva) by taking part in the bullock cart race in their village.
 Yes Boss is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by B. R. Ishara and produced by M. Jayarami Reddy. It stars Raj Babbar and Farah in pivotal roles.
 Down in the Delta is a 1998 drama film directed by Maya Angelou. The film stars Alfre Woodard Al Freeman Jr. Esther Rolle Loretta Devine and Wesley Snipes.
 Nightmare in Badham County (1976) is an ABC TV women-in-prison movie starring Chuck Connors Deborah Raffin and Lynne Moody and directed by John Llewellyn Moxey.
 Laaj (Urdu: لاج‎) is a 2003 Pakistani Urdu film which was directed by Rauf Khalid. The film starred Zara Sheikh and Imran Khan in its lead roles.
 Sam the Man (2000) is an American film directed by Gary Winick.
 Medico condotto is a 1952 Italian documentary film written by Antonio Pietrangeli and Roberto Rossellini and directed by Giuliano Biagetti.
 Asha Nirasha (Kannada: ಆಶಾ ನಿರಾಶಾ ) is a shelved 1954 Kannada film. The film starred Vyjayanthimala in her Kannada cinema debut.
 ¡... Y murió por nosotros! (...He Died for Us!) is a 1951 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Affair in Havana (1957) is a crime film noir directed by Laszlo Benedek and written by Maurice Zimm. It stars Raymond Burr and John Cassavetes.The film is about a piano player who falls in love with a crippled man's wife.
 Akasathinte Niram (English: Colour of Sky) is a 2012 Malayalam film written and directed by Dr. Biju. The film was shot entirely on the Andaman and Nicobar Islands with a cast that includes Indrajith Nedumudi Venu Amala Paul and Prithviraj. The film revolves around a burglar who is trapped on a scarcely populated island and his getting to understand how nature blends with life. It premiered at the Shanghai International Film Festival in June 2012.
 Holiday Heart is a 2000 TV movie starring Ving Rhames Alfre Woodard and Mykelti Williamson. It was directed by Robert Townsend aired on the cable TV channel Showtime and was distributed on DVD by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was based on a play by Cheryl L. West and involves a gay drag queen befriending a single mother and her daughter and trying to protect them from the criminal environment around them.
 There's Only One Sun is a 2007 short film/long form advertisement for Philips Aurea a new LCD technology for their televishon it was written and directed by Wong Kar-Wai.
 His Brother (French: Son frère) is a 2003 French film directed by Patrice Chéreau. The screenplay based on the Philippe Besson 2001 book Son frère (English title His Brother) was written by Chéreau and Anne-Louise Trividic.
 This article is about the film. For the town see Paris Texas.Paris Texas is a 1984 drama film directed by Wim Wenders and starring Harry Dean Stanton Dean Stockwell Nastassja Kinski and Hunter Carson. The screenplay was written by L.M. Kit Carson and playwright Sam Shepard and the distinctive musical score was composed by Ry Cooder. The cinematography was by Robby Müller.
 Liberté I is a 1962 French-Senegalese film directed by Yves Ciampi. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 One Night in One City also known as One Night in a City and One Night in the City (Czech: Jedné noci v jednom městě) is a stop-motion-animated feature-length black comedy horror film from the Czech Republic.
 The Murder of Fred Hampton is a 1971 documentary film which began with the intention of portraying Fred Hampton and the Illinois Black Panther Party. During the film's production Hampton was killed by the Chicago Police Department.
 Being Flynn is a 2012 American drama film starring Robert De Niro Julianne Moore and Paul Dano released in select theatres in the United States on March 2 2012. It was based on Another Bullshit Night in Suck City a memoir by Nick Flynn.
 The Forgotten Frontier (1931) is a documentary film about the Frontier Nursing Service nurses on horseback who traveled the back roads of the Appalachian Mountains of the eastern United States. It was directed by Mary Marvin Breckinridge and featured her cousin Mary Breckinridge who was a nurse-midwife and founded the Frontier Nursing Service.Shot with a hand-cranked camera often in extreme climate. Also documented in stills that are available at the Library of Congress.
 Case of the Full Moon Murders is a 1973 film directed by Sean S. Cunningham.
 Romeo and Juliet is a 1954 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same title.
 Flower In The Rain is a 1972 Hong Kong romantic drama film.
 Thilakkam is a 2003 Malayalam comedy film directed by Jayaraj. Dileep and Kavya Madhavan plays the lead roles in the movie. Bhavana plays a guest role in this film. The rest of the cast include Nedumudi Venu K. P. A. C. Lalitha Nishanth Sagar Thiagarajan Jagathy Sreekumar Cochin Haneefa Harisree Ashokan Salim Kumar and Bindhu Panicker.
 Diggers is a coming-of-age film directed by Katherine Dieckmann. It portrays four working-class friends who grow up in The Hamptons on the South Shore of Long Island New York as clam diggers in 1976. Their fathers were clam diggers as well as their grandfathers before them. They must cope with and learn to face the changing times in both their personal lives and their neighborhood.The movie was written by actor Ken Marino who also stars.
 Intaqam (English: Revenge) is a 1969 Bollywood suspense-thriller film directed by R. K. Nayyar. It starred Sanjay Khan and Sadhana Shivdasani in the lead supported by Ashok Kumar Jeevan Rajendra Nath Rehman Helen and Anju Mahendru.The film also features the first cabaret number sung by Lata Mangeshkar Aa Jaane Jaan also a rarity through her career. The song was picturized on Helen and choreographed by P. L. Raj. It also remains one of most popular dance number of Helen's career.
 Between Strangers is a 2002 film written and directed by Edoardo Ponti son of Sophia Loren the first time they worked together.
 The Fan is a 1996 American thriller film directed by Tony Scott and starring Robert De Niro and Wesley Snipes. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Peter Abrahams. The Fan is a psychological thriller that revolves around the sport of baseball exploring the overt dedication of some of its followers.
 Sensuela is a 1972 Finnish drama film directed and written by Teuvo Tulio. The film is based on Tulio's 1946 film Rakkauden risti which itself was based on Stantsionnij smortritelj a short story written by Alexander Pushkin. Sensuela was Tulio's final film and it was met with harsh criticism. Since its release it has gained a reputation as a campy cult classic and has been called the weirdest Finnish film ever made.
 The Way I Spent the End of the World (Romanian: Cum mi-am petrecut sfârşitul lumii) is the feature-length film debut of Romanian director Cătălin Mitulescu. It was released on September 15 2006.
 Aye Auto (Malayalam: ഏയ്‌ ഓട്ടോ) is a 1990 Malayalam romantic-musical film directed by Venu Nagavalli and starring Mohanlal and Rekha in the lead roles. The film showcases the life of auto drivers in the city of Calicut.
 Anne of Green Gables (1972) is a made-for-television British mini-series directed by Joan Craft based upon the novel Anne of Green Gables by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
 Dope is a 1924 Australian silent film about a respected citizen who is blackmailed by someone from his past. It is considered a lost film.
 A No-Hit No-Run Summer (French:Un été sans point ni coup sûr) is a Canadian 2008 film written and directed by Francis Leclerc. It was nominated for two Jutra Awards.
 The Aggression (released in West Germany as Der Angriff and in France as L'agression) is a 1988 West German television movie. It is a Heimatfilm. The plot centers around the attempted rape of pharmacist Ilse Trapmann portrayed by Pascale Petit. The film takes the controversial stance that many West Germans have a latent desire to exert violence despite the country's appearance to the contrary.
 The White God (German: Der weiße Gott) is a 1932 Danish-German adventure film directed by George Schnéevoigt and starring Paul Richter Mona Mårtenson and Rudolf Klein-Rogge. It premiered on 14 May 1932.
 Theodor Hierneis oder Wie man ehem. Hofkoch wird (Theodor Hierneis or How to become a former royal chef) is a 1972 West German historical drama film directed by Hans-Jürgen Syberberg. The film consists of a monologue performed by Walter Sedlmayr who plays Theodor Hierneis the chef at the court of Ludwig II of Bavaria. The screenplay was written by Syberberg and Sedlmayr and is based on the memoirs of Hierneis.
 Pulse Pounders is a 1988 anthology film directed by Charles Band. The film is composed of three 30 minute films two of which are sequels to The Dungeonmaster and Trancers. The third is an adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's The Evil Clergyman. Pulse Pounders was originally shot during 1987 and 1988 with the intention of being released but was shelved due to the collapse of Empire Pictures.A workprint of Pulse Pounders was discovered in 2011 and was digitally restored.
 Nora is a 2008 documentary film.
 Don't Try This at Home: The Steve-O Video is Steve-O's first DVD. It contains mostly footage that the censors wouldn't allow on MTV.
 Nick Fury: Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. is an American television film based on the Marvel Comics character Nick Fury. It was first broadcast on May 26 1998 on Fox. Directed by Rod Hardy the film stars David Hasselhoff as Fury a retired super spy who is approached to return to duty to take down the terrorist organization HYDRA who threaten to attack Manhattan with a pathogen they have reconstituted known as the Death's Head virus.
 The Little Eagle (Polish:Orle) is a 1927 Polish silent comedy film directed by Wiktor Bieganski and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski Maria Majdrowicz and Nina Wilinska.
 'Pillow to Post is a 1945 romantic comedy film set in World War II. It stars Ida Lupino Sydney Greenstreet and William Prince and is based on the play Pillar to Post by Rose Simon Kohn. A tired traveling saleswoman goes to great lengths to find a place to sleep.
 Life of a Thoroughbred is a 1941 American short documentary film directed by Tom Cummiskey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Danger (Telugu: డేంజర్) is a 2005 Telugu-language thriller film written and directed by Krishna Vamsi produced by Sunkara Madhu Murali under Karthikeya Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh Sairam Shankar Abhishek Swathi and Shireen in lead roles. The film soundtrack and background score were composed by Joshua Sridhar. Dialogues for the film were written by popular actor Uttej. The film was released on October 29 2005.
 Injakkadan Mathai & Sons is a 1993 Malayalam film written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu starring Jagadish Innocent Suresh Gopi and Urvashi.
 Bunny Whipped is a 2007 direct-to-DVD superhero comedy film written and directed by Rafael Riera.
 The Glass Agency (Persian: آژانس شیشه‌ای‎) is a 1999 Iranian drama film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia.
 Niel Lynne is a 1985 Australian film about a young man during the 1960s.
 No Room to Run is a 1976 Australian TV movie about an American businessman who kills a man in Sydney.
 Hush... Hush Sweet Charlotte is a 1964 American thriller film directed and produced by Robert Aldrich and starring Bette Davis Olivia de Havilland Joseph Cotten and Agnes Moorehead as well as Mary Astor in her final film.The movie was adapted for the screen by Henry Farrell and Lukas Heller from Farrell's unpublished short story What Ever Happened to Cousin Charlotte? It received seven Academy Award nominations.
 Life Begins (1932) is a drama film set in a 1930s maternity ward and deals with unwed mothers. It was adapted from the play of the same name by Mary M. Axelson.
 Aval Mella Sirithal is a 1987 Tamil Indian feature film directed by M.N.Jaya Sundar for Sree Kavitha Cine Arts. The film stars Murali Seetha and Madhuri in the lead roles.
 That's Entertainment Part II is a 1976 motion picture by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and a sequel to the 1974 documentary That's Entertainment!. Like the previous film That's Entertainment Part II was a retrospective of famous films released by MGM from the 1930s to the 1950s.
 La escopeta nacional (in English The National Shotgun) is a 1978 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga. The first installment in a critically and commercially successful trilogy the picture is an indictment of the legacy of Francisco Franco and the business classes upon whom he depended for support. The picture was followed in the trilogy by Patrimonio nacional and Nacional III both of which were released in 1981.
 ABCD: American-Born Confused Desi is a 2013 Malayalam comedy film directed by Martin Prakkat produced by Shibu Thameens under the banner of Thammens Films. It stars Dulquer Salmaan Jacob Gregory Aparna Gopinath and Tovino Thomas in the lead roles. The film features music composed by Gopi Sunder whilst cinematography is handled by Jomon T.
 The Humpbacked Horse (Russian: Конёк-Горбунок) is a 1941 Soviet film directed by Alexander Rou and produced at Soyuzdetfilm studios. It is based on a fairy tale by Pyotr Pavlovich Yershov.
 Single White Female 2: The Psycho is a 2005 direct-to-video sequel of the 1992 film Single White Female. The film stars Kristen Miller Allison Lange and Brooke Burns. The movie has also aired on the Lifetime television network.
 Tracks in the Snowy Forest (Chinese: 智取威虎山) is an upcoming Chinese 3D film directed by Tsui Hark and based on a novel by Bo Qu.
 Night of the Lepus also known as Rabbits is a 1972 American science fiction horror film based on the 1964 science fiction novel The Year of the Angry Rabbit.Released theatrically on October 4 1972 it focuses on members of a small Arizona town who battle thousands of mutated carnivorous killer rabbits. The film was the first science fiction work for producer A. C. Lyles and for director William F. Claxton both of whom came from Western film backgrounds.
 Head-On (German: Gegen die Wand literally Against the Wall; Turkish: Duvara Karşı) is a 2004 German-Turkish drama film written and directed by Fatih Akın.
 The Woman Conquers is a 1922 drama film directed by Tom Forman and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Life is All You Get (German: Das Leben ist eine Baustelle) is a 1997 German comedy film directed by Wolfgang Becker. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Shootin' for Love is a 1923 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Love @ First Note is a 2006 Hong Kong teen romance film written produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Alex Fong Justin Lo and Kary Ng. Its title in the original Chinese release was 戀愛初歌.
 A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day is a 2010 musical television film starring the pop band School Gyrls. The movie premiered on Nickelodeon on December 3 2010 and later aired on TeenNick on December 14 2010. The film was poorly received by critics and was the only promotion for the album of the same name by the stars of the film.
 The Fair (German: Kirmes) is a 1960 West German drama film directed by Wolfgang Staudte. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival where Juliette Mayniel won the Silver Bear for Best Actress.
 Vanishing Point is a 1971 American action road movie directed by Richard C. Sarafian and starring Barry Newman Cleavon Little and Dean Jagger. The film is notable for its scenic film locations across the American Southwest and its social commentary on the post-Woodstock mood in the United States.
 Inside Llewyn Davis is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written directed and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Oscar Isaac Carey Mulligan and John Goodman and was produced by Scott Rudin Ethan and Joel Coen. T Bone Burnett was the executive music producer. The film is about one week in the life of a singer who is active in New York's folk music scene in 1961.
 Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez. It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants. Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film. Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years by Culture Clash.In the title AmeriCCa's two big letter CC means Culture Clash.
 The Ways of Fate is an 1913 American silent short romance film directed by and starring Wallace Reid. Lon Chaney also appears in his second onscreen role. The film is now presumed lost.
 Ruby Gentry is a 1952 film directed by King Vidor and starring Jennifer Jones Charlton Heston and Karl Malden.The movie and the name Gentry was the inspiration for the Professional name of one Miss Roberta Lee Streeter better known as Bobbie Gentry.[citation needed]
 Unknown Time or De tussentijd is a 1993 Dutch drama film directed by Marianne Dikker.
 Edakallu Guddada Mele (Kannada: ಎಡಕಲ್ಲು ಗುಡ್ಡದ ಮೇಲೆ English: On top of the Edakallu Hills) is a 1973 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal based on a novel by Bharathisutha of the same name and starring Jayanthi Aarathi Chandrashekar Shivaram.
 War Zone is a 1998 documentary about street harassment written and directed by Maggie Hadleigh-West.
 The Net (German: Das Netz) is a 1975 West German drama film directed by Manfred Purzer and starring Heinz Bennent.
 Our Winning Season is a 1978 film directed by Joseph Ruben from a screenplay by Nicholas Niciphor.
 Surya Putrulu is a 1996 Telugu Indian feature film directed by C.Uma Maheshwar Rao. The film stars Mammootty and Suman in the lead roles.
 Sabaash Meena is a Tamil film directed by B. Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu and starring Sivaji Ganesan and Malini in the lead roles.The film was released in the year 1958.A full length comedy movie in which Mohan(Sivaji Ganesan) a rich man's son is sent to Madras for learning business. Lots of fun and comedy intertwined with romance. Meena (Malini) transforms Mohan into a responsible person and saves him from a murder conviction.
 The Honor of the Press is a 1932 American film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Griffin and Phoenix (sometimes subtitled A Love Story) is a 1976 American television romance film produced by ABC Circle Films starring Peter Falk and Jill Clayburgh as titular characters Geoffrey Griffin and Sarah Phoenix. Written by John Hill and directed by Daryl Duke it first premiered on the ABC television network on February 27 1976 and was also released to theaters in select countries under the title Today Is Forever from 1977 through 1980.
 College Holiday is a 1936 Paramount comedy. The film stars Jack Benny George Burns Gracie Allen and Martha Raye. It was directed by Frank Tuttle.
 The Duke Steps Out is a 1929 silent film starring William Haines and Joan Crawford. The film is lost but the Vitaphone sound discs track survive at UCLA Film and TV Archives.
 La Endemoniada (The Possessed) is a 1968 Mexican horror film directed by Emilio Gómez Muriel and starring Libertad Leblanc.
 Vida Parayum Munpe is a 1981 Malayalam language film written by John Paul directed by Mohan and produced by Innocent. Prem Nazir essays the lead role in the critically acclaimed and commercially successful film. His performance also won great appreciation. Nazir was conferred the Special Jury Award at the 1981 Kerala State Film Awards for his performance. Nedumudi Venu does the other major role.
 The West Point Story (also known as Fine and Dandy) is a 1950 musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring James Cagney Virginia Mayo and Doris Day.
 Heaven's Prisoners is a 1996 American drama crime thriller film directed by Phil Joanou and starring Alec Baldwin Kelly Lynch Mary Stuart Masterson Teri Hatcher and Eric Roberts. It is based on a Dave Robicheaux homonymous novel by James Lee Burke. Harley Peyton and Scott Frank wrote the screenplay.The film was followed by In the Electric Mist (2009) starring Tommy Lee Jones as Dave Robicheaux.
 Cinema of Unease is the New Zealand contribution to the British Film Institutes Century of Cinema Series. Written and directed by Sam Neill the title refers to the dark and brooding nature of many of New Zealand's most notable films which Neill considers a reflection of the nation's struggle to find or form its own identity. It won Best Documentary in the 1996 TV Guide Film and Television awards.
 Just Neighbors is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive in the film archives at George Eastman House the UCLA Film and Television Archive Filmoteca Española and the National Film Television and Sound Archives of Canada.
 Angi Vera is a 1978 Hungarian drama film directed by Pál Gábor. The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.Vera Angi (Vera Pap) is an employee of a hospital in post-WWII Hungary. She complains to her superiors about the unsanitary conditions in the hospital and gets sent to a re-education camp.
 On the Way (Chinese: 我在路上最爱你) (Korean: 길 위에서) is a 2014 Chinese-South Korean drama-romance film directed by Kim Poog-ki and starring Wen Zhang Huang Shengyi Ji Jin-hee and Cha Soo-yeon.
 The Public Woman (French: La femme publique) is a 1984 French drama film inspired by Dostoevsky's novel Demons and directed by Andrzej Żuławski starring Valérie Kaprisky Lambert Wilson and Francis Huster as the lead actors. The film had a total of 1302425 admissions in France where it was the 28th highest grossing film of the year.
 Learning Hebrew also known as Gothsploitation is a British arthouse film written and directed by Louis Joon his first film as a director. It was released in 2012 by The Weird World of Wibbell the home video distribution division of Wibbell Productions Ltd an independent film company based in the UK run by actor Allin Kempthorne and best known for its previous film The Vampires of Bloody Island.
 Rue de l'Estrapade is a 1953 French film.
 Basic is a 2003 American/German mystery-thriller film directed by John McTiernan and starring John Travolta Connie Nielsen and Samuel L. Jackson.The film is McTiernan's final film to date.
 The Tiger's Shadow is a 1928 American drama film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 Count Dracula (German: Nachts wenn Dracula erwacht / Nights When Dracula Wakes) released in Italy as Il conte Dracula in Spain as El Conde Drácula and in France as Les Nuits de Dracula is a 1969 Spanish-Italian-German horror film (released in 1970) directed by Jesús Franco and starring Christopher Lee Herbert Lom and Klaus Kinski.
 The Red is an 8-minute psychological thriller created by Borderline Films (makers of Martha Marcy May Marlene and Simon Killer) and advertising agency SS+K on behalf of SALT a free resource created by the non-profit American Student Assistance.The Red is aimed towards making college students and recent graduates aware of their student loans and the inescapable anxiety and dread that it creates.
 Toorpu Velle Railu (Telugu: తూర్పు వెళ్ళే రైలు) is a 1979 Telugu film directed by Bapu and written by Mullapudi Venkata Ramana. The film starred Mohan and Jyoti. The film was a remake of Tamil film Kizhake Pogum Rail.
 Here Comes Peter Cottontail is a 1971 Easter television special made by Rankin-Bass based on a 1957 novel by Priscilla and Otto Friedrich entitled The Easter Bunny That Overslept. The title of the special is from the Easter song Here Comes Peter Cottontail which is also heard in the special. The name Peter Cottontail comes from a series of books by Thornton W. Burgess (1874–1965) although the special is not based directly on his books.
 The Eddie Cantor Story is a 1953 American film about the life of Eddie Cantor starring Keefe Brasselle as Cantor and released by Warner Brothers.
 Noi the Albino (Icelandic: Nói albinói (About this sound pronunciation )) is an Icelandic film by director Dagur Kári released in 2003. The film explores the life of teenage outsider Nói (played by Tómas Lemarquis) in a remote fishing village in western Iceland. It won multiple awards.Nói albinói was filmed in Bolungarvik (pop.
 Furia infernal known in English-speaking territories as Ardent Summer The Hot Days or in the Carne Sobre Carne: Intimidades de Isabel Sarli documentary rendering The Horny Days is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Destination Hitchcock: The Making of North by Northwest is a 2000 documentary film about the making of Alfred Hitchcock's classic thriller film North by Northwest. It is hosted and narrated by the film's female lead Eva Marie Saint and features interviews with Hitchcock's daughter several of the technical and behind-the-scenes people involved with the production of the film and the main surviving actor Martin Landau.
 Men Are Not Gods is a 1936 British film starring Miriam Hopkins and co-starring Gertrude Lawrence Sebastian Shaw and Rex Harrison. It was a success in the UK when released largely due to the popularity of the two female stars Hopkins and Lawrence. This also brought to attention the talents of Rex Harrison who made his breakthrough into Hollywood not too long after this film.
 My Valentine Girls is a film released in 2011.Richard is a novelist who wants to write the perfect love story. The movie will then tell the trilogy of stories.
 Distant Trumpet is a 1952 drama film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Derek Bond and Jean Patterson.
 Kalyana Agathigal is a 1985 Tamil language drama film directed by K. Balachander. The film features Saritha in lead role. The film was released on April 12 1985.
 Murder on Lenox Avenue is a 1941 American film directed by Arthur Dreifuss.
 Stars and Roses (orig. Ai ren tong zhi)is a 1990 Hong Kong drama film directed by Taylor Wong starring Andy Lau as a photo journalist from Hong Kong and Cherie Chung as a Vietnamese translator.
 Death at a Funeral is a 2010 American black comedy film directed by Neil LaBute and starring an ensemble cast. The film is an American remake of the 2007 British film of the same name. Peter Dinklage is the only actor returning in the remake.
 The Incredible Hulk Returns is a 1988 made-for-television film based on the Marvel comic books that serves as a continuation of the popular Incredible Hulk television series. In it Dr. David Banner has nearly cured himself from being the Hulk. This was also Jack Colvin's last appearance as Jack McGee.This television movie acted as a backdoor pilot for an unproduced television series featuring the Thor comic book character.
 Bluebeard (French: Barbe-bleue) is a 1901 silent French drama directed by Georges Méliès.
 Tumbleweeds is a 1925 American Western film starring and produced by William S. Hart. It depicts the Cherokee Strip land rush of 1893. The film is said to have influenced the Oscar-winning 1931 Western Cimarron which also depicts the land rush. The 1939 Astor Pictures' re-release of Tumbleweeds includes an 8-minute introduction by the then 75 year old Hart as he talks about his career and the glories of the old west. Tumbleweeds was Hart's last movie.
 The Life of Emile Zola is a 1937 American biographical film about French author Émile Zola played by Paul Muni and directed by William Dieterle. It has the distinction of being the second biographical film to win the Oscar for Best Picture. It premiered at the Los Angeles Carthay Circle Theatre to great success both critically and financially. Contemporary reviews cited it the best biographical film made up to that time.
 Varavarankely is a Malagasy 2010 short film.
 Eila is a 2003 Finnish drama film directed by Jarmo Lampela. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Adelheid is a 1969 Czechoslovak drama film directed by František Vláčil and based on a 1967 novel of the same name by Czech writer Vladimír Körner. The film is set in the Lužec castle located in the town of Vroutek (German: Rudig) in Sudetenland (Czech and Slovak: Sudety) shortly after World War II.
 The Stripper (1963) is a drama film about a struggling aging actress turned stripper and the people she knows played by Joanne Woodward. It is based on the play A Loss of Roses by William Inge.This was the feature film debut of director Franklin J. Schaffner and co-starred Carol Lynley Robert Webber and Richard Beymer. Also appearing as Madame Olga was real-life stripper Gypsy Rose Lee.
 Hero: The Superstar is an upcoming Dhallywood film directed by Bodiul Alam Khokon. The film stars Shakib Khan Apu Biswas and Bobby in lead roles. The film marks the debut of Shakib Khan as a producer.
 Shaheed is a 1965 Hindi movie based on Bhagat Singh's life. One of the most prominent Indian patriotic movie based on Indian independence movement it was produced by Kewal Kashyap and directed by S Ram Sharma and stars Manoj Kumar Kamini Kaushal Pran Iftekhar Nirupa Roy Prem Chopra Madan Puri and Anwar Hussain in lead roles. The music is by Prem Dhawan with several songs written by freedom fighter Ram Prasad Bismil.
 Evilspeak (also known as Evilspeaks and Computer Murders) is a 1981 horror film written by Eric Weston and Joseph Garofalo and directed by Weston.
 Boccaccio is a 1920 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Lepel (English translation: Spoon) is a 2005 Dutch children's film. The film received a Golden Film for 100000 visitors.
 Akame 48 Waterfalls (赤目四十八瀧心中未遂) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Genjiro Arato.
 Lahu Ke Do Rang is a 1979 Hindi movie directed by Mahesh Bhatt. The film stars Vinod Khanna Helen Danny Denzongpa Shabana Azmi Ranjeet and Prema Narayan. The music for the film is by Bappi Lahiri. The story screenplay and dialogues of the film are written by Suraj Sanim. The film was shot in Hong Kong and India. The film was rated hit at the Box Office.
 Evil Aliens is a British slapstick horror-comedy film directed by Jake West in the tradition of films such as Braindead House and Evil Dead.It was the first full-length British horror film to be filmed using Sony HD (High Definition) cameras and contains almost 140 digital effects shots and a huge amount of gory conventional special effects.
 Surya is a 2004 action Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Anu Chowdhury in the lead roles.
 The Grey Fox is a 1982 Canadian Biographical-Western film directed by Phillip Borsos and written by John Hunter. It is based on the true story of Bill Miner an American stagecoach robber who staged Canada's first train robbery on September 10 1904. The film stars Richard Farnsworth as Miner. The cast also features Jackie Burroughs Ken Pogue Wayne Robson Gary Reineke and Timothy Webber.
 Alraune (also known as Unnatural) is a 1952 science fiction horror film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Hildegard Knef in which a scientist creates a woman who is beautiful and yet soulless lacking any sense of morality. It is based upon the German myth of Alraune in which a woman is impregnated by a mandrake root. It is the fifth and as of 2007 the final movie to be based upon this myth.The film was produced by Carlton Films and Deutsche Styria Film GmbH.
 Persuasion is a 1960 British television mini-series adaptation of the Jane Austen novel of the same name. It was produced by the BBC and was directed by Campbell Logan. Daphne Slater stars as Anne Elliot and Paul Daneman as Captain Frederick Wentworth. The mini-series has four episodes each about an hour in length.According to shmoop.com this mini-series was possibly destroyed in the BBC clean-out of the 1970s.
 Ridicule (French pronunciation: ​[ʁidikyl]) is a 1996 French film set in the 18th century at the decadent court of Versailles where social status can rise and fall based on one's ability to mete out witty insults and avoid ridicule oneself. The story examines the social injustices of late 18th century France in showing the corruption and callousness of the aristocrats.
 89 Millimeter is a documentary by filmmaker Sebastian Heinzel filmed from 2004 to 2005 in Belarus.
 Billie is a 1965 musical film directed by Don Weis. Based on the 1952 play Time Out For Ginger by Ronald Alexander the film stars Patty Duke in the title role.
 Patriotic Martyr An Jung-gun (의사 안중근 - Uisa Ahn Jung-geun) is a 1972 South Korean film directed by Joo Dong-jin. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 High Lonesome is a 1950 contemporary Western movie written and directed by Alan Le May. The film stars John Drew Barrymore (billed as John Barrymore Jr.) and features Chill Wills and Jack Elam.
 Fat Head is a 2009 American documentary film directed by and starring Tom Naughton. The film seeks to refute both the documentary Super Size Me and the lipid hypothesis a theory of nutrition started in the early 1950s in the United States by Ancel Keys and promoted in much of the Western world.
 The Umbrellas of Cherbourg (French: Les Parapluies de Cherbourg) is a 1964 French musical film directed by Jacques Demy starring Catherine Deneuve and Nino Castelnuovo. The music was written by Michel Legrand.
 American Dreams in China (Chinese: 中国合伙人) is a 2013 Chinese film directed by Peter Chan and starring Huang Xiaoming Deng Chao and Tong Dawei. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Two (French: Deux) is a 2002 French drama film directed by Werner Schroeter and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Manikanda is an Indian film in the Tamil language. Arjun plays a dual role that of father and son. The film was announced in 2002 and was in making for long time it was finally released in 2007 promoting as Jyothika's last release.
 Die Jungen vom Kranichsee is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Song of the Gringo is a 1936 American film directed by John P. McCarthy. The film is also known as The Old Corral in the United Kingdom.
 Ghostwatch is a British reality–horror/mockumentary television movie first broadcast on BBC1 on 31 October (Halloween) 1992.Despite having been recorded weeks in advance the narrative was presented as 'live' television.
 Jungle Ki Pukar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Maman Machan is a Tamil comedy directed by M.Jayarasu.
 Bhram (English: The illusion) is a 2008 Hindi film starring Dino Morea Milind Soman and Sheetal Menon. It was produced by Nari Hira and directed by Pavan Kaul. The film falls in the suspense thriller genre. The music of film was composed by Pritam.
 The Duchess is a 2008 British-American drama film directed by Saul Dibb. It is based on Amanda Foreman's biography of the 18th-century English aristocrat Georgiana Cavendish Duchess of Devonshire. It was released in September 2008 in the UK.
 Dead Space: Downfall is an American animated horror film developed by Film Roman and EA. It is a prequel to the video game Dead Space and takes place during the events of Dead Space: Extraction while the Necromorphs invade the USG Ishimura after it receives the Marker. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on October 28 2008 and broadcast on the Syfy Channel on December 2 2008.
 Bhanwara is a 1944 Indian Bollywood film. It was the third highest grossing Indian film of 1944.
 1 Night in China is a pornographic movie featuring professional wrestling personalities Sean Waltman and Joanie Laurer which was released by Red Light District Video in 2004. While Waltman and Laurer were engaged at the time they filmed the movie they broke up before it was released. Laurer has made several pornographic films since beginning with Another Night in China in 2009 which is considered to be a sequel to 1 Night in China.
 Vaareva is a 2011 Indian Telugu language romance film written and directed by Kalyan Mantena . It stars Goutham the son of famous comedienne Brahmanandam making a re-entry and newcomer Shambhavi in the lead roles. Ashish Vidyarthi plays an important role. The music is composed by Mahesh Shankar. The film release 29 January 2011. RKD Studios owns the film in Hindi & all other Northern Indian languages.
 Silent Storm is an Australian documentary film. The documentary was directed and written by Australian documentary film maker Peter Butt.
 Dandelion Wine is a 1997 Russian TV film based on the book of the same name by Ray Bradbury.It's the last film of Innokenti Smoktunovsky released after his death.
 The Gun Packer is a 1919 American short Western film directed by John Ford.
 It Takes Two is a 1995 film starring Kirstie Alley Steve Guttenberg and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. The movie title was taken from the song It Takes Two song by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston which was featured in the closing credits. It Takes Two boasts some similarities to Walt Disney's The Parent Trap and Mark Twain's The Prince and the Pauper which was pointed out in Leonard Maltin's review of the film.
 Lelam (Malayalam: ലേലം English: The Auction) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Joshiy written by Renji Panicker and starring Suresh Gopi M. G. Soman Siddique N. F. Varghese and Spadikam George. The story revolves around the rivalry between two liquor business groups. The film was a box office success and was among the highest-grossing Malayalam films of the year.[citation needed] It was also the last performance of M. G. Soman.
 Capote is a 2005 biographical film about Truman Capote following the events during the writing of Capote's non-fiction book In Cold Blood. Philip Seymour Hoffman won several awards including the Academy Award for Best Actor for his critically acclaimed portrayal of the title role. The film was based on Gerald Clarke's biography Capote and was directed by Bennett Miller. It was filmed mostly in Manitoba in the autumn of 2004.
 Coming Home is a 1978 drama film directed by Hal Ashby and starring Jane Fonda Jon Voight and Bruce Dern. The screenplay by Waldo Salt and Robert C. Jones was from a story by Nancy Dowd. The plot follows a love triangle among a young woman her Marine husband and the paralyzed Vietnam War veteran she meets while her husband is overseas. Fonda and Voight won Academy Awards for their performances.
 Ezhu Sundara Rathrikal is Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose and starring Dileep Rima KallingalParvathy Nambiar and Murali Gopy in the lead roles. The film narrates the sequence of events that follow a bachelor party.
 The Recording of Mr Beast is the name of a 2006 film starring Scottish post-rock band Mogwai. The film is also known as A Film I Was Pure In.
 Porichoi is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Ms. Rupali Guha. The film is a story of father and daughter played by Prosenjit Chatterjee and Indrani Chakraborty highlighting Bengali-speaking Asians living in the UK who find various means to stay connected with their homeland especially during adversities. Rupali is the daughter of film director Basu Chatterjee and makes her directorial debut in Bengal with this film.
 American Herro is a biographical documentary film about Herro Mustafa and American diplomat and senior adviser on the Middle East to Vice President Joe Biden.The documentary covers Herro's early childhood as a Kurdish-Muslim refugee from Iraq as she fled with her family from Iraqi Kurdistan while under Saddam Hussein's regime to Minot North Dakota as well as her academic success and successful career as a diplomat stationed in Bosnia Turkey Iraq and elsewhere.
 The Real Badlands is a 2009 documentary film produced by Current TV and Rockwood Pictures by British filmmakers Tim Clark and Craig Ford. The film tells the story of a Newark on Trent couple (Simon Burgess and Susan Moran) who fed up with modern day life quit their jobs sell all of their possessions and move into the woods.
 Arizona Bound is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper Betty Jewel and El Brendel. Written by Richard Allen Gates Alfred Hustwick Marion Jackson and John Stone the film is about an Arizona cowboy who spends most of his time caring for his white horse and pursuing a local girl who is unimpressed with his irresponsible ways. After he takes a job as a stagecoach guard to protect a shipment of gold he is attacked by a Texas gang.
 How It Feels to Be Run Over is a one-minute British silent film made in 1900 and directed by Cecil M. Hepworth. As in other instances of the very earliest films the film presents the audience with the images of a shocking experience without further narrative exposition.
 Black and White in Color (French: La Victoire en chantant then Noirs et blancs en couleur for the 1977 re-issue) is a 1976 war film and black comedy directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud in his directorial debut. It depicts French colonists at war with the Germans in West Africa during World War I and is set in one of the then German colonies; either Togoland or Kamerun.
 El Asaltacaminos (The Highway Heist) is a 1962 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Sex and the Single Mom is an American 2003 made for television drama film directed by Don McBrearty.
 Qui comincia l'avventura is a 1975 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Among the Living is a 1941 horror suspense film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Albert Dekker Susan Hayward and Frances Farmer.
 Tehilim (2007) is Raphael Nadjari's fifth feature film. It was shot in Jerusalem in 2006.
 A Robust Romeo is a 1914 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Elvis is a 2005 biographical CBS mini-series written by Patrick Sheane Duncan and directed by James Steven Sadwith.
 Time After Time is a 1979 American science fiction film starring Malcolm McDowell David Warner and Mary Steenburgen. It was the directing debut of screenwriter Nicholas Meyer whose screenplay is based largely on the uncredited novel of the same name by Karl Alexander (which was unfinished during the time the film was made) and a story by the latter and Steve Hayes.The film concerns British author H. G.
 Encadenado is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Poveri ma belli (U.S. title: Poor But Handsome) (U.K. title: A Girl in Bikini) is a successful 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. There are two sequels all directed by Dino Risi and starred by Renato Salvatori and Maurizio Arena: Belle ma povere (1957) (Australia title: Pretty But Poor)Poveri milionari (1959) (Poor Millionaires)
 La edad de piedra is a 1964 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina.
 Faith (also known as The Virtuous Outcast) was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. The film survives and is preserved at George Eastman House Rochester.
 Conflict of Interest is a 1993 independent action film directed by Gary Davis.
 Patriotism (憂国 Yūkoku) is a 1966 Japanese short film directed by Yukio Mishima. The English-language release was originally titled The Rite of Love and Death and the French-language release was originally titled Les Rites de L'Amour et de la Mort. It is based on Mishima's short story Patriotism published in 1961.
 The Black Knight is a 1954 film starring Alan Ladd as the title character and Peter Cushing and Patrick Troughton as two conspirators attempting to overthrow King Arthur. It is the last of Ladd's trilogy with Warwick Films the others being The Red Beret and Hell Below Zero based on Hammond Innes' book The White South.
 Black Fox: The Rise and Fall of Adolf Hitler is a 1962 documentary directed by Louis Clyde Stoumen depicting the rise and fall of Nazi Germany.It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1962.
 Sunehra Sansar is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. It stars Rajendra Kumar with Mala Sinha as his wife and Hema Malini as his past love who has re-entered his life to seek vengeance for abandoning her years ago.The film is a remake of a Telugu film titled Pandanti Kapuram (1972).In the annals of Hindi cinema this movie though not a commercial success is unique for two reasons.
 Dear J is a 2008 Independent Film drama by CubeCity Entertainment. Directed by Roberto Munoz and Mann Munoz. The film is the story of an evangelist who admits himself to a psychiatric institution after the death of his agnostic girlfriend.
 Defence of Sevastopol (Russian: Оборона Севастополя or Воскресший Севастополь) is a 1911 historical war film about the Siege of Sevastopol during the Crimean War and one of the most important films in the history of Russian cinema. It was the first feature film made in the Russian Empire and it premiered on October 26 at the Livadia Palace of Tsar Nicolas II.
 Galpa Holeo Satyi (Bengali: গল্প হলেও সত্যি) is a 1966 comedic Bengali film directed by Tapan Sinha. It stars Bhanu Bannerjee Jogesh Chatterjee Bharati Devi Chaya Devi Ajoy Ganguli Rabi Ghosh Rudraprasad Sengupta. Later the film was remade in Hindi as Bawarchi starring Rajesh Khanna in the title role.
 Watch the Shadows Dance is a 1987 film set fifteen years in the future. It is also known as Nightmaster.
 A Slave of Fashion was a 1925 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Hobart Henley. The film stars Norma Shearer and features Joan Crawford had an early uncredited role as a mannequin. A Slave of Fashion is now considered lost.
 Five Weeks in a Balloon is a 1962 science fiction adventure film loosely based on the novel of the same name by Jules Verne filmed in CinemaScope. It was produced and directed by Irwin Allen; his last feature film in the 1960s before moving to producing several science fiction television series. Though set in Africa it was filmed in California. Balloonist Donald Piccard acted as the film's technical advisor.
 22 Jump Street is an upcoming 2014 American action comedy film produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum scripted by Michael Bacall and Oren Uziel from a story by Jonah Hill and Michael Bacall and directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller. It is the sequel to the 2012 film 21 Jump Street based on the 1987 television series of the same name by Stephen J. Cannell and Patrick Hasburgh. The film is scheduled to be released on June 13 2014 by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 The Law Rides Again is a 1943 American Western film directed by Alan James and starring Ken Maynard and Hoot Gibson.
 The Intruders (also known as Skippy and the Intruders) is a 1969 Australian film directed by Lee Robinson. It is a spin-off of the popular Skippy the Bush Kangaroo TV series.
 Kissing Jessica Stein is a 2001 independent romantic comedy film written and co-produced by the film's stars Jennifer Westfeldt and Heather Juergensen. The film also stars Tovah Feldshuh and is directed by Charles Herman-Wurmfeld. It is also one of the first film appearances of actor Jon Hamm. The film is based on a scene from the 1997 off-Broadway play by Westfeldt and Juergensen called Lipschtick.
 Hitler is a 1998 Hindi language Indian film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Shilpa Shirodkar Dipti Bhatnagar Sadiya Siddiqui Mohnish Bahl Arun Bakshi Hemant Birje Mangal Dhillon Johnny Lever and Raghuvaran.
 Parlons Grand-mère is a Senegalese 1989 short documentary film.Djibril Diop Mambéty followed and filmed the shooting of Yaaba Idrissa Ouédraogo's second feature film. A documentary full of humorous anecdotes regarding the dangers of shooting in Burkina Faso.
 Bhoothnath (Devanagari: भूतनाथ translation: Lord of Ghosts) is a Bollywood supernatural comedy film directed by Vivek Sharma starring Amitabh Bachchan Shah Rukh Khan Juhi Chawla Aman Siddiqui Priyanshu Chatterjee and Rajpal Yadav in lead roles. The film is an adaptation of the Oscar Wilde short story The Canterville Ghost.
 Sophie's Revenge (Chinese: 非常完美; pinyin: Fēicháng Wánměi) is a 2009 Chinese-Korean film starring Zhang Ziyi So Ji-sub Fan Bingbing Ruby Lin Peter Ho and Yao Chen.This movie is a co-production between Beijing Perfect World Co. with South Korean company CJ Entertainment. Sound and effects help also came from South Korea through Seoul-based postproduction houses Blue Cap and HFR.
 While I Run This Race is a 1967 American short documentary film directed by Edmond Levy about poverty in the United States. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Life Itself is an upcoming comedy film directed by Richard Loncraine and written by Charlie Peters. The film is based on the novel Heroic Measures by Jill Ciment. The film stars Morgan Freeman and Diane Keaton.
 The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie is a 2005 children's animated feature film produced by Nelvana Limited and released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment. Directed by Larry Jacobs and Ron Pitts and written by Jeffrey Alan Schechter the film is a follow-up to the Care Bears' previous efforts in 2004's Journey to Joke-a-lot. It was the fifth film to feature the Bears and the second to be computer-animated.The Big Wish Movie centres on Wish Bear a Care Bear who can make and grant wishes.
 The Girl is a 2000 American/French romantic drama film directed by Sande Zeig. It is a love story set in Paris between the Artist (Agathe De La Boulaye) and the Girl (Claire Keim) based on a story by Zeig's partner Monique Wittig. It was negatively received by critics.
 Booker's Place: A Mississippi Story is a 2012 documentary film about Booker Wright an African-American waiter who worked in a restaurant for whites only. In 1965 Wright appeared in Mississippi: A Self Portrait a short NBC television documentary about racism in the American South. During his interview with producer Frank De Felitta he spoke openly about racism and his treatment as a waiter in an all-white restaurant.
 The Local Stigmatic is a film directed by David Wheeler and produced by and starring Al Pacino. It was filmed and edited during the late 1980s. It had a showing at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City in March 1990 but was never released theatrically.
 Namak is a 1996 actionfamily Drama Bollywood film directed and produced by Kawal Sharma. The film stars Raza Murad and Shakti Kapoor in the title roles. The music of the film is composed by Anu Malik.
 The Wild One is a 1953 American outlaw biker film directed by László Benedek and produced by Stanley Kramer. It is famed for Marlon Brando's iconic portrayal of the gang leader Johnny Strabler.
 Ladki (Hindi: लड़की; English: Woman) is a 1953 Hindi Romantic comedy film written by V.S.Venkatasalam and directed by M. V. Raman. The film starred Vyjayanthimala Kishore Kumar Bharat Bhushan and Anjali Devi in the lead while Chittor V. Nagaiah Leela Mishra Om Prakash Raj Mehra and Master Chhotu as the ensemble cast. The film was produced by A. V. Chettiar of AVM Productions. The films score was composed by R. Sudarsanam and Dhaniram edited by K. Shankar and M. V.
 Louis 19 le roi des ondes (English: Louis 19 King of the Airwaves) is a Canadian comedy film released in 1994.The film stars Martin Drainville as Louis Jobin a television fanatic who wins a contest to be on TV.
 The Cowboy and the Blonde is a 1941 western-comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and released by 20th Century Fox.
 Somnambul is a 1929 German silent horror film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Fritz Kortner Erna Morena and Veit Harlan. The film is set against the backdrop of spiritualism. The noted Berlin clairvoyant Elsbeth Guenther-Geffers appeared in the film. The film's art director was August Rinaldi.
 Annavru (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣಾವ್ರು) is a 2003 Kannada Indian feature film directed by Om Prakash Rao for producer M.C. Dyanand starring Ambareesh Darshan Kanika Suhasini and Sumitra.
 The Great Gatsby is a 2000 television film adaptation of the novel of the same title by F. Scott Fitzgerald.It was made in collaboration by the A&E Cable Network in the United States and Granada Productions in Great Britain. It was directed by Robert Markowitz from a teleplay by John J. McLaughlin. The music score was by Carl Davis and the cinematography by Guy Dufaux.
 The Knave of Hearts is a 1919 British silent romance film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring James Knight Evelyn Boucher and Harry Agar Lyons.
 A Man Could Get Killed is a 1966 adventure comedy film directed by Ronald Neame and Cliff Owen shot on various locations in Portugal and starring James Garner Melina Mercouri Sandra Dee Anthony Franciosa and Robert Coote. The fourteen-year-old Jenny Agutter worked on the film but did not appear in the final cut.The screenplay was written by Richard L. Breen and T. E. B. Clarke and David E. Walker based on the Walker's novel Diamonds For Danger.
 Summer Night (Italian: Notte d'estate con profilo greco occhi a mandorla e odore di basilico also known as Summer Night with Greek Profile Almond Eyes and Scent of Basil) is a 1986 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 Can Ellen Be Saved is a 1974 American film. It stars Leslie Nielsen.
 Earth vs. The Radiators: the First 25 is a 2004 concert film by the New Orleans rock band The Radiators. Released in honor of the band's twenty-fifth anniversary the film contains the complete performance from their January 31 2004 concert at Tipitina's nightclub in New Orleans and features guest appearances by a wide variety of other musicians.
 Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man released in 1943 is an American monster horror film produced by Universal Studios starring Lon Chaney Jr. as the Wolf Man and Bela Lugosi as Frankenstein's monster. This was the first of a series of ensemble monster films combining characters from several film series. This film therefore is both the fifth in the series of films based upon Mary Shelley's Frankenstein directly after The Ghost of Frankenstein and a sequel to The Wolf Man.
 Three (German: Drei) is a 2010 German drama film written co-scored and directed by Tom Tykwer. The film was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Through the Fire (also known as The Gates of Hell Part II: Dead Awakening) is a 1988 horror film directed by Gary Marcum (as G.D. Marcum) starring Tamara Hext Tom Campitelli and Randy Strickland.
 Steele Justice is a 1987 film written and directed by Robert Boris.
 Colossal Youth (Portuguese: Juventude em Marcha literally Youth on the March) is a 2006 docufiction feature film directed by Portuguese director Pedro Costa. The film was shot on DV in long static takes and mixes documentary and fiction storytelling.
 Rok Sako To Rok Lo (English: Stop Me if You Can) is a 2004 Bollywood sports drama film produced and directed by Arindam Chaudhuri in his debut. The film stars Yash Pandit Manjari Fadnis Sunny Deol Carran Kapur Aparna Kumar and Ram Menon in the lead roles. The music was scored by Jatin Lalit.
 Codename Cougar (also known as Codename: Cougar Operation Cougar or The Puma Action) is a 1989 Chinese thriller film. It was co-directed by Zhang Yimou and Yang Fengliang.
 Ujwadu is a 2011 Konkani film directed by Kasargod Chinna and produced by KJ Dhananjaya and Anuradha Padiyar as the third film ever produced in the GSB Konkani language and attempts to showcase Konkani Saraswatha tradition and culture.Released October 14 2011 and with music by V Manohar the film stars Shivadhwaj Neethu Sadashiv Brahmavar Sandhya Pai Prameela Nesargi Dr. Ananth Prabhu Sandhya Pai and Umashree.
 Flying High (1931) also known as George White's Flying High is a musical film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer produced by George White with lyrics by B. G. DeSylva and Lew Brown music by Ray Henderson with additional songs by Dorothy Fields (lyrics) and Jimmy McHugh (music).The film opened on November 14 1931.
 Pyasa Shaitan is a 1984 Bollywood language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist. He plays a vamp in the film. This movie was made by re-editing the 1978 released Malayalam movie Vayanadhan Thamban and adding a few other scenes.
 For Better for Worse is a 1954 British comedy film directed by J. Lee Thompson. It was based on Arthur Watkyn's play which had ran for over 500 performances in the West End starring Leslie Phillips and Geraldine McEwan.It was also known as Cocktails in the Kitchen.
 The Perfect Stranger is a 2005 Independent Christian film based on the novel Dinner With a Perfect Stranger by David Gregory. A film sequel was created Another Perfect Stranger . It was featured at the 2005 Western Film and Video Festival and was released on October 28 2005. Directed by Jefferson Moore and Shane Sooter the film starred Pamela Brumley and Jefferson Moore.
 Road Gang is a film released in 1936 showing economic and social injustice due to political corruption.It was directed by Louis King written by Dalton Trumbo produced by Bryan Foy and stars Donald Woods and Kay Linaker.
 The Shadow on the Window is a 1957 film directed by William Asher. It stars Philip Carey and Betty Garrett.
 The Price of Power (Italian: Il prezzo del potere 1969) is a Spaghetti Western directed by Tonino Valerii. The film stars Giuliano Gemma as the hero Bill Willer who tries to get revenge against the killers of his father while at the same time trying to prevent an assassination plot against president James Garfield (played by Van Johnson with José Suárez playing Vice President Chester A. Arthur) in 1881. The score for the film was composed by the prolific Luis Enríquez Bacalov.
 Love Thy Neighbour is a 1973 British comedy film starring Jack Smethurst Rudolph Walker Kate Williams and Nina Baden-Semper spun off from the television series Love Thy Neighbour.
 The Big Show is a 1961 DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope Drama directed by James B. Clark starring Esther Williams and Cliff Robertson. This is the third variation of Jerome Weidman' novel I'll Never Go There Any More. The other two are Broken Lance (1954) a western version starring Spencer Tracy and House of Strangers (1949) set in the big city starring Edward G.
 Code of Scotland Yard is a 1947 British crime film directed by George King and starring Oskar Homolka Muriel Pavlow Derek Farr and Irene Handl. It was also known as The Shop at Sly Corner from the popular stage play of that name by Edward Percy. It features an appearance by the young Diana Dors.
 Broken City is a 2013 American crime thriller film directed by Allen Hughes and written by Brian Tucker. Mark Wahlberg stars as a police officer turned private investigator and Russell Crowe as the mayor of New York City who hires the private detective to investigate his wife.This is Hughes' first solo feature film directing effort; he has collaborated with his twin brother Albert previously.
 Captains of the Clouds is a 1942 Warner Bros. war film in Technicolor directed by Michael Curtiz and starring James Cagney. It was produced by William Cagney (James Cagney's brother) with Hal B. Wallis as executive producer. The screenplay was written by Arthur T. Horman Richard Macaulay and Norman Reilly Raine based on a story by Horman and Roland Gillett. The cinematography was by Wilfred M. Cline Sol Polito and Winton C.
 Frontera is an upcoming American drama film directed by Michael Berry. The film stars Eva Longoria Michael Peña Ed Harris and Amy Madigan.
 The Phantom Empire is a 1935 American Western serial film directed by Otto Brower and B. Reeves Eason and starring Gene Autry Frankie Darro and Betsy King Ross. This 12-chapter Mascot Pictures serial combined the western musical and science fiction genres. The first episode is 30 minutes the rest about 20 minutes.
 The King of the Kickboxers (also known as Karate Tiger V and No Retreat No Surrender 4) is a 1990 martial arts film directed by Lucas Lowe and starring Loren Avedon as Jake Donahue and Billy Blanks as Khan.
 Fighting Norway is a 1943 Canadian documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada and directed by Sydney Newman. Ten minutes in length the film examines the role of the free forces of occupied Norway during the Second World War. The film particularly concentrates on the training of Norwegian air crew in Canada and the relationship formed between servicemen of the two nations.The film was narrated by the actor Lorne Greene.
 Yagnam is a Telugu film released on July 2 2004 and was directed by A.S. Ravi Kumar Chowdary. Gopichand and Sameera Banerjee played the lead roles. After the huge success of this film it was remade into Oriya as Mo Mana Khali tori Pain starring Sidhanta Bijay Mohanty. This film was dubbed in Hindi as Aaj Ka Raavanraaj.
 The Land of Smiles (German:Das Land des Lächelns) is a 1930 German operetta film directed by Max Reichmann and starring Richard Tauber Mara Loseff and Hans Mierendorff. It is an adaptation of the operetta The Land of Smiles composed by Franz Lehár. Lehár himself appeared in the film in a small role.The operetta was again adapted for a 1952 film The Land of Smiles starring Jan Kiepura.
 Abbas in Flower (Turkish: Çiçek Abbas) is a 1982 Turkish comedy film directed by Sinan Çetin.
 Three Steps Above Heaven (Spanish: Tres metros sobre el cielo ‘Three metres above heaven / the sky’) is a 2010 Spanish film based on the novel of the same name by Federico Moccia.
 Main Sunder Hoon is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by R. Krishnan and Nazir Hussain. The film stars Mehmood and Leena Chandavarkar. It is a remake of the 1964 Tamil movie 'Server Sundaram'.
 Where No Vultures Fly is a 1951 British film. It was released under the title Ivory Hunter in the United States. It was directed by Harry Watt and starred Anthony Steel and Dinah Sheridan. The film was inspired by the work of the conservationist Mervyn Cowie.
 La Villa Santo-Sospir (1952) is a 35-minute amateur or home film directed by Jean Cocteau in which Cocteau takes the viewer on a tour of Francine Weisweiller's villa on the French coast a major location later used in his film Testament of Orpheus (1960). The house itself is heavily decorated mostly by Cocteau (and a bit by Picasso) and we are given an extensive tour of the artwork. Cocteau also shows us several dozen paintings most of which cover mythological themes.
 Jolene is a 2008 American drama film directed by Dan Ireland. It stars Jessica Chastain as the titular character. It is based on the short story Jolene: A Life by E. L. Doctorow itself inspired by Dolly Parton's song Jolene. It premiered on 13 June 2008 at the Seattle International Film Festival where Chastain won the Best Actress award. It was later released in the United States on 29 October 2010.
 Her Triumph was a 1915 American silent drama film starring French dancer and actress Gaby Deslys distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was financed by the American film company Famous Players and shot in Paris. Her Triumph is now considered lost.
 Rough Riders' Round-up is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane starring Roy Rogers.
 Una Noche en El Relámpago is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Island in the Sun is a 1957 drama film produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and directed by Robert Rossen. It features an ensemble cast including James Mason Harry Belafonte Joan Fontaine Joan Collins Dorothy Dandridge Michael Rennie Stephen Boyd Patricia Owens John Justin Diana Wynyard and Basil Sydney. The film is about race relations and interracial romance set in the fictitious island of Santa Marta.
 Ma Barker's Killer Brood is a crime film released in 1960. The low-budget film was directed by Bill Karn and starred Lurene Tuttle as the title character Ma Barker.The film is a highly fictionalized account of the life of Ma Barker and her four sons whose Barker-Karpis gang terrorized the South and Midwest in the 1930s with a string of kidnappings robberies and murders.
 Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 American black comedy fantasy film directed by Brad Silberling. It is an adaptation of the The Bad Beginning The Reptile Room and The Wide Window being the first three books in A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket. The film stars Jim Carrey with narration by Jude Law and cameos by Catherine O'Hara and Billy Connolly.
 Devil in the Flesh (French: Le diable au corps is a 1947 French movie directed by Claude Autant-Lara starring Micheline Presle and Gérard Philipe. It is based on a novel by Raymond Radiguet.
 Beyond the Last Frontier is a 1943 American film about an undercover Texas Ranger Johnny Revere within Big Bill Hadley's gang of crooks. Howard Bretherton directed the film and John K. Butler and Morton Grant wrote the screenplay. The film stars Eddie Dew as Johnny Revere Harry Woods as Big Bill Hadley Robert Mitchum as Trigger Dolan Lorraine Miller as Susan Cook and Smiley Burnette as Frog Millhouse.
 Max and His Mother-in-Law (French: Max et sa belle-mère) is a 1911 French film directed by Max Linder Lucien Nonguet.The film is also known as Max and His Ma-in-Law (in the United Kingdom).
 Getting Gotti is a 1994 TV film centered on a Brooklyn Assistant District Attorney named Diane Giacalone and her attempts to build a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) case against John Gotti and the Gambino crime family. It was shot in Toronto Ontario.
 Lembing Awang Pulang Ke Dayang is a 2009 Malaysian film directed by Majed Salleh. The film was produced by Dayang Digital and also stars Farid Kamil Siti Elizad Zul Huzaimy and Lynette Ludi.
 The Bill Collector is a family drama film featuring Danny Trejo and written and directed by Cristobal Krusen.
 Woman in the Moon (German Frau im Mond) is a science fiction silent film that premiered 15 October 1929. It is often considered to be one of the first serious science fiction films. It was written and directed by Fritz Lang based on the novel Die Frau im Mond (1928 translated as The Woman to the Moon in 1930) by his then-wife and collaborator Thea von Harbou. It was released in the USA as By Rocket to the Moon and in the UK as Woman in the Moon.
 Ashwamedham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Gehenna also known as Through Hell or Anguish is a 1938 Polish melodrama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 No One But Me is a 2012 documentary film about Scottish jazz musician Annie Ross directed by Brian Ross and produced by Gill Parry. Filmed over three years the film focuses upon Ross' musical career struggles with heroin addiction and her relationships with both her family and contemporaries Billie Holiday and Lenny Bruce. Regarding the film Ross noted It's very blunt it's very truthful.
 Kon-Tiki is a Norwegian documentary about the Kon-Tiki expedition led by Norwegian explorer and writer Thor Heyerdahl in 1947 released in 1950. The movie which was directed by Thor Heyerdahl and edited by Olle Nordemar received the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 24th Academy Awards in 1951. The Oscar officially went to Olle Nordemar. It is currently the only feature film from Norway to have won an Academy Award.
 The Mystery of Mr. X is a 1934 crime film starring Robert Montgomery as a jewel thief who gets mixed up in a series of murders in 19th century London. It is based on the novel X v. Rex by Philip MacDonald (under the pen name Martin Porlock).
 Growing Up (Chinese: 小畢的故事; pinyin: Xiǎo bì de gùshì) is a 1983 film by Taiwanese filmmaker Chen Kunhou. The screenplay was the first collaboration between Hou Hsiao-hsien and Chu T'ien-wen. The film made the young star Doze Niu a pop icon and tagged him with a rebellious image.Growing Up was the film that first attracted broad critical and popular attention to the movement known as New Taiwan Cinema.
 Pobre diablo (Poor Devil) is a 1940 Mexican film directed by José Benavides hijo. It stars Fernando Soler.
 Chaappa Kurish (Malayalam: ചാപ്പാ കുരിശ് English: Heads or Tails) is a 2011 Malayalam thriller film co-written and directed by Sameer Thahir and starring Vineeth Sreenivasan Fahadh Faasil Roma Asrani Remya Nambeesan and Nivetha Thomas in the lead roles. The film started production in April 2011 at Kochi and released on 14 July. The film is the directorial debut of Thahir. The film was remade in Tamil as Pulivaal with Prasanna and Vimal.
 Quick Pick is a 2006 comedy film directed by Will Vazquez. The movie stars John Bryant as Eddie; Anna Moreno-Nava as Monica; Angelina Assereto as Sonia; Oscar A. Diaz as Chris; Andy Sottilare as Dr. Otto Von Delft; Rafael Diaz-Wagner as Rudy. Quick Pick made its world premiere in 2006 at the Chicago Latino Film Festival and opened the Kansas International Film Festival. This film is scheduled for video release in August 2007.
 Gangster (Hindi: गैंग्स्टर) is a 2006 Hindi crime thriller film that premiered on 28 April. It stars Shiney Ahuja Emraan Hashmi and Kangna Ranaut. The plot is that of a bar girl who falls in love with two people one a layman and the other a gangster. The music is composed by Pritam Chakraborty. The film was rumored to be based on the life of mobster Abu Salem and former actress Monica Bedi but the director Anurag Basu said that it is not based on any real people or incidents.
 Big Bully is a 1996 American comedy-drama film starring Rick Moranis and Tom Arnold. The film was directed by Steve Miner and featured guest stars such as Don Knotts.
 Resurrection of the Little Match Girl (Hangul: 성냥팔이 소녀의 재림; RR: Sungnyangpali sonyeoui jaerim) is a 2002 South Korean action film. It was screened at the 2003 London Film Festival and was the opening film of the Fantasia Festival that same year.The film was inspired by the Hans Christian Andersen tale The Little Match Girl.
 Totally Minnie is a 1988 musical television special on NBC hosted by Suzanne Somers and starring Minnie Mouse And Cameo By Mickey Mouse. It was the first film to feature Minnie Mouse in the lead role and until the premiere of Mickey Mouse Works in 1999 this was the only time Minnie had any starring role.
 Sumurun (aka One Arabian Night) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Ernst Lubitsch.
 The Latin Immigrant (Spanish: El inmigrante latino) is a 1980 Colombia drama film directed by Gustavo Nieto Roa. The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 In Praise of Older Women is George Kaczender’s twelfth feature film. It was written by Stephen Vizinczey (novel) Paul Gottlieb and Barrie Wexler. The story happens in Hungary during and after World War II but the movie was shot in Montreal Canada. The film was premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on September 14 1978.
 Tomb of the Werewolf is the twelfth and last in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky played by Paul Naschy. The film contains a number of adult sex scenes bordering on softcore porn.
 Nai Duniya Naye Log is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R.Ishara. The film stars Reena Roy and Danny Denzongpa in their first film roles.
 Kiki's Delivery Service (魔女の宅急便 Majo no Takkyūbin translated Witch's Delivery Service) is a 1989 Japanese animated fantasy film written produced and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is based on the 1985 novel of the same name by Eiko Kadono an author of children's literature.
 Talaash: The Answer Lies Within is a 2012 Indian neo-noir mystery film directed by Reema Kagti. It was produced by Excel Entertainment and Aamir Khan Productions. The movie stars Aamir Khan Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor in lead roles and Nawazuddin Siddiqui Vivan Bhatena Rajkummar Rao Shernaz Patel and Sheeba Chaddha in supporting roles. The soundtrack of the movie is scored by Ram Sampath with lyrics written by Javed Akhtar.
 Big Drum Under Left Foot (Persian: طبل بزرگ زیر پای چپ‎; also known as Left Foot Forward on the Beat) is an 2004 Iranian film directed by Kazem Masoumi about the Iran Iraq war. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 God Loves Uganda is a documentary film produced and directed by Roger Ross Williams which premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival. It explores connections between evangelicalism in North America and in Uganda suggesting that the North American influence is the reason behind the controversial Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Bill that has been tabled before the Ugandan Parliament which included penalties of death for gays and lesbians.
 Pauly Shore Is Dead is an American comedy/mockumentary motion picture released in 2003 starring actor and comedian Pauly Shore. The cameo-filled movie begins as a semi-autobiographical retelling of Shore's early success and dwindling popularity in the late 1990s after which it documents Shore's (fictional) attempt to fake his own death in order to drum up popularity for his films.
 Bhakta Kumbara is a 1974 Indian Kannada film directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy. The film stars Rajkumar and Leelavathi in lead roles. The music is composed by G. K. Venkatesh.
 Gowri (Telugu: గౌరి) is a 2004 Telugu film that was directed by B.V. Ramana. The action/drama film stars Sumanth and Charmme Kaur. It was produced by Sravanti Ravi Kishore. It is a remake of a Tamil film Thirumalai which starred Joseph Vijay in the main lead alongside with Jyothika. Gowri was a hit at the box office collecting close to 17 (domestic net ) crores Rs. It was later dubbed into Hindi under the title The Gunda.
 Katha (English: Story) (Hindi: कथा ) is a 1983 Hindi film by Sai Paranjpye featuring Naseeruddin Shah Farooq Shaikh and Deepti Naval in the main roles. The film is about the daily lives of people living in a Mumbai chawl.It was shot on location at Salunke Chawl near Churchgate. Jalal Agha and Sarika made guest appearances in the movie. Apparently one of the principal characters played by Faroukh Sheikh was named Basu Bhatt after filmmaker Basu Bhattacharya.
 Ek Baar Phir (Hindi: एक बार फिर; translation: Once Again) is a 1980 film produced and directed by Vinod Pande. This offbeat social drama casts Suresh Oberoi and Deepti Naval as lead pair with Saeed Jaffrey Chitto Chopra Pradeep Verma Vinod Pande in support cast.The story is about the incompatibility between a film star husband and a traditional wife resulting in extra marital relationship.
 The Green Goddess is an American talking motion picture released in 1930 and directed by Alfred E. Green. It was a remake of the 1923 silent film which was in turn based on the play of the same name by William Archer. It was produced by Warner Bros. using their new Vitaphone sound system and adapted by Julien Josephson. It stars George Arliss Alice Joyce (in her final film role) Ralph Forbes and H.B. Warner. Arliss and Ivan F.
 Haathi Mere Saathi (English: Elephant My Partner) a favorite with children in the early 1970s. The movie has a Disneyesque appeal with an Indian twist. Haathi Mere Saathi was the biggest hit of 1971 going by box office collections eclipsing the Raj Khosla-made Mera Gaon Mera Desh and was critical acclaimed film. Rajesh Khanna was the biggest star of that period and Haathi Mere Saathi ranks high among the biggest ever hits of his career.
 Aptha is a 2011 Kannada film in the thriller genre starring Pooja Gandhi Neeraj Sham in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by Sanjeev Kumar and produced by Dharmalingam and Megoti Sanjeev Kumar . The film is released on 25 February 2011.
 Yogi Vemana (Telugu: యోగి వేమన) is a 1947 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy. The story is based on the life of saint poet Vemana. Chittor V. Nagaiah played the role of Vemana and also composed music and sang many poems and songs in this film exposing his multifaceted talents.
 A Gamble with Hearts is a 1923 British silent crime film produced by Master Films directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring Milton Rosmer Madge Stuart and Olaf Hytten. The film was adapted from a novel by Anthony Carlyle.
 Moshi Monsters: The Movie is a British-American flash animated adventure comedy film based on the virtual world of Moshi Monsters. The film stars Katsuma Poppet Diavlo Luvli Furi Zommer Dr. Strangeglove Sweet Tooth Bobbi Singsong Mr and Mrs Snoodle Buster Bumplechops and more monsters along with a load of other monsters and Moshlings.
 The Bad Bunch (aka Tom) is an American 1973 blaxploitation drama film directed by and co-starring Greydon Clark.
 Fatal Fury 2: The New Battle (バトルファイターズ 餓狼伝説2 - Batorufaitāzu garō densetsu 2) is an anime TV Special based on the Neo Geo SNK video game Fatal Fury 2 and is a sequel to the previous TV movie Fatal Fury: Legend of the Hungry Wolf. The movie was directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi and once again features character designs by Masami Ōbari. An English adaptation produced by Viz Communications was released on home video in 1994.
 The Blue Fox is a 1921 American silent adventure film serial directed by Duke Worne. An incomplete print of the film exists at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Puerto nuevo is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Luis César Amadori and Mario Soffici. It is a tango film. The music was performed by Uruguayan musician Francisco Canaro.
 The Money Trap is a 1965 drama film directed by Burt Kennedy written by Walter Bernstein based on the novel of the same name by Lionel White and starring Glenn Ford Elke Sommer and Rita Hayworth. The supporting cast features Ricardo Montalban Joseph Cotten and James Mitchum.
 Siren (Forbidden Siren in the PAL region for the first two PlayStation 2 games) is a survival horror video game series consisting of three installments developed by Project Siren a development team within SCE Japan Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
 White Light/Black Rain: The Destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki is an HBO documentary film that was directed and produced by Steven Okazaki and was released on August 6 2007 on HBO marking the 62nd anniversary of the first atomic bombing. The film features interviews with fourteen Japanese survivors and four Americans involved in the 1945 atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Battling Jane is an American silent melodrama film released in 1918. It was directed by Elmer Clifton as a vehicle for Dorothy Gish and included some patriotic overtones. According to the Progressive Silent Film List at SilentEra.com its survival status is unknown.
 The Swiss Conspiracy is a 1976 action film starring David Janssen Senta Berger and Elke Sommer and directed by Jack Arnold. It was co-produced between Germany and the United States.
 942 Dakar historia de una familia is a Spanish 2008 documentary film.
 Primero soy mexicano (First I am Mexican) is a 1950 Mexican drama-comedy film starring Joaquín Pardavé (who also wrote and directed the film) Luis Aguilar and Flor Silvestre.
 Ishq Hai Tumse is a 2004 Indian musical-romance film starring Dino Morea and Bipasha Basu.
 The Fragile Promise of Choice: Abortion in the United States Today is a documentary film by Dorothy Fadiman which examines abortion rights and access in the U.S. in 1996 which was 23 years after the legislative decision Roe vs. Wade. Dorothy narrated the film which featured interviews with abortion care providers and news clips including one of Dr. George Tiller.
 Victoire Terminus is a French 2008 documentary film about women's boxing in Kinshasa.
 Exodus is a contemporary retelling of the Biblical story of Exodus that was released in 2007. It was directed by Penny Woolcock and was shot on location in Margate Kent England. The film which had a working title 'The Margate Exodus' features the burning of a large sculpture of a man made out of waste by Antony Gormley. The film was shown on Channel 4 on 19 November 2007.
 The Lovemakers (Italian: La Viaccia) is a 1961 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini based on a novel by Mario Pratesi. The film stars Claudia Cardinale and Jean-Paul Belmondo. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben is a 1954 German film. It is based on surgeon Ferdinand Sauerbruch's memoirs Das war mein Leben which were ghostwritten by Hans Rudolf Berndorff and were published in the German magazine Revue shortly before the release of the film. The film was shot from 26 September 1953 to 20 January 1954 in West Berlin Munich Frankfurt and Hamburg. It premiered on 13 July 1954.
 Devil Goddess (1955) is the sixteenth and final Jungle Jim film produced by Columbia Pictures. It features Johnny Weissmuller in his third and last performance as the protagonist adventurer Johnny Weissmuller and Ed Hinton and William Tannen as the film's antagonists Leopold and Nels Comstock respectively. The film was directed by Spencer G.
 The Man from Red Gulch is a 1925 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile (Translation: This Way Students) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by avant-garde filmmaker John Abraham.This was John Abraham's first feature film made during his stay in Madras as a group co-operative effort. After the completion he himself considered it to be a worthless film.
 Black Gold is a 1962 adventure film directed by Leslie H. Martinson. It stars Philip Carey and Diane McBain.
 The Frightened City is a 1961 British film about extortion rackets and gang warfare in the West End of London. It stars Sean Connery who plays a burglar called Paddy Damion. He is lured into a protection racket by oily mobster Harry Foulcher (Alfred Marks) in order to support his partner in crime (Kenneth Griffith) who is injured in a robbery. However Damion has his wits about him.
 The Year of the Yao is a 2004 documentary film telling the first year of basketball player Yao Ming in the United States. The film is narrated by his friend and former interpreter Colin Pine who stayed with Yao during Yao's rookie year and interpreted for him for three years.
 Buck Rogers is a 1939 Universal serial film starring Buster Crabbe (who had previously played the title character in two Flash Gordon serials and would return for a third in 1940) as the eponymous hero Constance Moore Jackie Moran and Anthony Warde. It was based on the Buck Rogers character created by Philip Francis Nowlan which had appeared in magazines and comic strips since 1928.
 Piranha is a 1978 American B movie about a swarm of killer piranhas. It was directed and co-edited by Joe Dante and starred Bradford Dillman Heather Menzies Kevin McCarthy Keenan Wynn Barbara Steele and Dick Miller.
 The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature Anne Aubrey and Anthony Newley. On the British India a bandit goes on a rampage in the mistaken belief that the British have killed his family which later proves to not be the case. It was produced by Albert Broccoli for Warwick Films and features extensive use of footage from Gilling's previous Zarak.
 It Takes a Man and a Woman is a 2013 Filipino romantic comedy drama film directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina. It is the third installment in the film series A Very Special Love. The film was produced by Star Cinema and VIVA Films and released on a Black Saturday March 30 2013. Sarah Geronimo and John Lloyd Cruz reprise their roles as Laida Magtalas and Miggy Montenegro respectively.The film received overwhelming reviews from critics and fans.
 Life of Riley (French: Aimer boire et chanter) is a 2014 French drama film directed by Alain Resnais. It was adapted from the play Life of Riley by Alan Ayckbourn. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival just three weeks before Resnais died where it won the Alfred Bauer Prize.
 Una storia semplice (internationally released as A Simple Story) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Emidio Greco. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Leonardo Sciascia. It premiered at the 1991 Venice International Film Festival in which it entered the main competition. The film was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for best screenplay two Globi d'oro for best film and best screenplay and a Grolla d'oro for best actor to the ensamble cast.
 Venus Peter is a 1989 British drama film directed by Ian Sellar and produced by Christopher Young for Young films. The film is an adaptation of the novel A Twelvemonth and a Day by Christopher Rush. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival. It was filmed on the Orkney Islands in the North of Scotland.
 Anna to the Infinite Power is a 1982 science-fiction thriller film about a young teenager who learns that she was the product of a cloning experiment. The film was based on the novel of the same name by Mildred Ames. It was produced by Ned Kandell Enterprises and Film Gallery previously responsible for the American syndicated children's series Big Blue Marble and many alumni from that program worked on the film.
 Shadowlands is a 1993 British biographical film about the love-relationship between Oxford academic C. S. Lewis and American poet Joy Davidman her tragic death from cancer and how this challenged Lewis' Christian faith. It is directed by Richard Attenborough with a screenplay by William Nicholson based on his 1985 television production and 1989 stage adaptation of the same name.
 Enid is a British dramatic television film first broadcast on 16 November 2009 on BBC Four. Directed by James Hawes it is based on the life of children's writer Enid Blyton portrayed by Helena Bonham Carter. The film introduced the two main lovers of Blyton's life. Her first husband Hugh Pollock who was also her publisher was played by Matthew Macfadyen. Kenneth Darrell Waters a London surgeon who became Blyton's second husband was portrayed by Denis Lawson.
 Down Among the Sheltering Palms is a 1953 musical starring Mitzi Gaynor William Lundigan and Jane Greer.
 Merci pour le chocolat is a 2000 French thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol and starring Isabelle Huppert. The film is based on the novel The Chocolate Cobweb by Charlotte Armstrong.
 Extraña invasión released in English as Stay Tuned for Terror is a 1965 Argentine film.
 Mientras haya un circo is a 1958 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Adrianita andCarlos Borsani.
 Repeated Absences (French: Absences répétées) is a 1972 French drama film directed by Guy Gilles.
 The Hired Gun is a 1957 Western film.
 The Kid from Left Field is a 1953 baseball film starring Dan Dailey Anne Bancroft and Billy Chapin. The film marked the reunion of Dailey and director Harmon Jones who had teamed up at 20th Century Fox a year earlier in another baseball film the biographical The Pride of St. Louis.The film was remade for television in 1979 starring Gary Coleman Gary Collins and Robert Guillaume.
 Tranquilizer Gun or Puška za uspavljivanje is a Croatian film. It was released in 1997.
 The Interrupted Honeymoon is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Jane Carr Helen Haye and Jack Hobbs. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios. Returning home from a honeymoon in Paris a couple find that their flat has been taken over by their friends.
 Appu is a Tamil film released in 2000. The movie stars Prashanth Devayani and Prakash Raj. The film was directed by Vasanth. The music is by Deva.
 Eyes in the Night is a 1942 American mystery film directed by Fred Zinnemann based on Baynard Kendrick's 1941 novel The Odor of Violets and starring Edward Arnold Ann Harding and Donna Reed.The film was followed by a sequel (also starring Arnold) The Hidden Eye.
 Rose of the Rancho is a 1914 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. The film cost $16988 to make and grossed $87028.
 The Whole of the Moon is a 1997 New Zealand film about a teenager who is diagnosed with cancer.
 Skokie is a 1981 television movie directed by Herbert Wise based on the real life NSPA Controversy of Skokie Illinois which involved the National Socialist Party of America. The film premiered in the US on November 17 1981. It was shown on the Israeli Educational television in the 1980s and on German television on March 3 1997.
 Men in Black is the third short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Thomas Muentzer is a 1956 East German film about the life of the 16th century Protestant theologian and peasant leader Thomas Muentzer directed by Martin Hellberg.
 Gunsmoke: The Long Ride is a 1993 western TV series based on the popular series Gunsmoke in which the main character Matt Dillon is again played by James Arness.
 Attack in the Pacific (also known by the American series title: Armed Forces Information Film: A.F.I.F. Number 3) is a 1944 American war documentary film.
 There Was a Crooked Man is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Stuart Burge. It starred Norman Wisdom Alfred Marks Andrew Cruickshank Reginald Beckwith and Susannah York. This is the only Norman Wisdom film that has not had a television viewing or released on video/DVD. However according to this page https://sites.google.com/site/ukchristmastv/itv1965 it was shown in the then ATV region on Christmas Sunday in 1965.
 The Singing Outlaw was a 1938 B movie directed by Joseph H. Lewis starring Bob Baker as a singing cowboy.
 En Aasai Machan is a 1994 Tamil language drama film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film features Vijayakanth Murali Revathi and Ranjitha in lead roles. The film produced by Tamil Fathima had musical score by Deva and was released on 26 August 1994.
 Die Stiere des Hidalgo is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Space Buddies is a 2009 family comedy film. It is the third film in the Air Buddies series. It was released February 3 2009. Like Air Buddies and Snow Buddies this film was released directly on DVD and became the first Air Bud film to be released on Blu-ray.
 Hunter is a two-part BBC One police drama. Hugh Bonneville and Janet McTeer reprised their roles as the dysfunctional detective double-act following on from the 2007 series Five Days.The series aired in the UK on Monday 18 January 2009 on BBC One at 9pm and achieved an average of 5.4m viewers during first episode. It was simulcast on BBC HD.
 Arahan (Hangul: 아라한 장풍 대작전; RR: Arahan jangpung daejakjeon) is a 2004 South Korean film. The film was the third feature film directed by Ryoo Seung-wan and stars the director's brother Ryoo Seung-bum along with Yoon So-yi Ahn Sung-ki and Jung Doo-hong. The film was a relative commercial success selling over 2 million tickets domestically but wasn't as well received by critics as Ryoo Seung-wan's previous films.
 Los Lonely Boys: Cottonfields and Crossroads is a documentary feature film by independent filmmaker Hector Galán. The film had its world premiere at the SXSW Film and Music Festival in Austin Texas in the United States in 2006. It tells the story of the music group Los Lonely Boys from San Angelo Texas. Hector Galán started filming Los Lonely Boys in 2002 while the band was still performing in small venues in Austin and around Texas.
 Reasonable Doubt (also known as The Good Samaritan) is a 2014 Canadian crime thriller film directed by Peter Howitt and written by Peter A. Dowling. The film stars Samuel L. Jackson Dominic Cooper Erin Karpluk Gloria Reuben and Ryan Robbins.
 Badi Panthulu (English title: School Teacher; Telugu: బడిపంతులు) is a 1972 Telugu Drama film directed by P. Chandrasekhara Reddy and starring N. T. Rama Rao (NTR) and Anjali Devi. This is the first film of popular Indian actress Sridevi who played the role of NTR's granddaughter. Sridevi would later go on to star as the lead heroine alongside NTR in his later films.The film is remake of the 1958 Kannada film School Master directed by B. Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu.
 Havana Widows is a 1933 Warner Bros. comedy film directed by Ray Enright and starring Joan Blondell and Glenda Farrell. The picture is the first of an informal series of four movies through the early 1930s where Blondell and Farrell were paired as a fast-talking wisecracking working-class comedy team. The others are Kansas City Princess We're in the Money and Miss Pacific Fleet. All but Kansas City Princess were directed by Enright.
 Footlight Parade is a 1933 American musical film starring James Cagney Joan Blondell Ruby Keeler and Dick Powell and featuring Frank McHugh Guy Kibbee Hugh Herbert and Ruth Donnelly.
 The Affairs of Annabel is a 1938 comedy starring Lucille Ball and Jack Oakie. Oakie plays Lannie Morgan Wonder Pictures publicity man working with film star Annabel Allison (Ball) her first starring comedy role.
 Kid Cop (Hangul: 키드 캅) is a 1993 South Korean children's film directed by Lee Joon-ik starring Kim Min-jung and Jung Tae-woo. Kid Cop is sometimes referred to as the Korean Home Alone due to the bigger emphasis of children's roles in movies.
 The Rivalry: Red V. Blue is a 2013 documentary film directed by Rory Owen Delaney and produced by Wm. Wade Smith. It is the first film to document the famous college basketball's rivalry of the University of Louisville vs. University of Kentucky. The film weaves current events including back-to-back national championships in 2012 and 2013 with the history of a rivalry game that didn't even exist for decades. From 1959 to 1983 the two basketball teams refused to meet on the hard court.Red V.
 Zalim Saudagar is a Bollywood drama film. It was released in 1941.It was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Khalil Kajjan Rani Premlata and Haider Bandi in the pivotal roles. Zalim Saudagar means The Cruel Merchant; this film was a film adaption of Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice and was produced by the Radha Film Company of Calcutta.The film is very difficult to obtain and few copies of it appear to exist.
 Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench is a 2009 American jazz musical film directed by Damien Chazelle that recasts the MGM musical tradition in a gritty vérité style. The film features a unique mixture of live jazz performances and choreographed tap dancing as well as several more traditional musical numbers.
 Moonshine County Express is a 1977 action film from New World Pictures.Roger Corman always thought one of the reasons the film was so popular was because it did not put down Southern people.
 Daughters of Darkness (in France Les Lèvres rouges and in Belgium Le Rouge aux lèvres both literally translated as The Red Lips) is a 1971 Belgian horror film (with dialogue in English) directed by Harry Kümel. It is an erotic vampire film following a style Camille Paglia calls psychological high Gothic.
 27 Dresses is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Aline Brosh McKenna. The film stars Katherine Heigl and James Marsden. The film was released January 10 2008 in Australia and opened in the United States on January 18.
 This is not the 1916 George W. Lederer film by the same name.The Decoy is a 1916 American black and white silent short drama film directed by William Garwood and starring William Garwood Edward Brady Lois Wilson Wadsworth Harris and Frank MacQuarrie. The film premiered on October 19 1916. The film is said to be a story of revenge and intrigue with its scenes set in Paris according to the Moving Picture Exhibitors' Association writing about the film in 1916.
 The Last of Sheila is a 1973 mystery film directed by Herbert Ross written by Anthony Perkins and Stephen Sondheim It stars Richard Benjamin Dyan Cannon James Coburn James Mason Ian McShane Joan Hackett and Raquel Welch.The original music score was composed by Billy Goldenberg. The song Friends sung by Bette Midler can be heard during the final scene of the film and the end credits.
 Vampire Vs Vampire (一眉道人) is a 1989 Hong Kong film directed by and starring Lam Ching-ying. The title references the interaction in the film between a jiangshi child a creature from Chinese hopping corpse fiction and a British vampire based on Western vampire fiction.
 Bull Durham is a 1988 American romantic comedy sports film. It is based upon the minor league experiences of writer/director Ron Shelton and depicts the players and fans of the Durham Bulls a minor league baseball team in Durham North Carolina.The film stars Kevin Costner as Crash Davis a veteran catcher brought in to teach rookie pitcher Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLoosh (Tim Robbins) about the game in preparation for reaching the Major Leagues.
 Negatives is a 1988 independent horror film directed by Tony Smith and starring Duane Jones and Debbie Rochon.This film was shut down halfway through the shooting schedule due to an overwhelming amount of bounced checks from the producer. Some footage was salvaged and integrated into another film called Fright House.Negatives was one of the first movies in which Rochon appeared and helped launch her career as a horror film Scream Queen.
 The Dolly Sisters is a 1945 American biographical film about the Dolly Sisters identical twins who became famous as entertainers on Broadway and in Europe in the early years of the twentieth century. It starred Betty Grable as Jenny June Haver as Rosie and John Payne as Harry Fox.
 Thor and the Amazon Women (Italian: Le gladiatrici) is a 1963 Italian / Yugoslavian film directed by Antonio Leonviola. The film is also known as The Amazon Women (United Kingdom censored version) and Women Gladiators in the United Kingdom.
 Where the Wild Roses Grow is a 2011 Austrian short film directed by Romana Carén about the young woman Yasmina whose solitary life is changed by the mysterious stranger Leon. The screenplay was semi-finalist of the 22nd WriteMovies.com International Writing Competition. The film was screened in the Short Film Corner of the Cannes Film Festival 2012.
 The Smile of the Lamb (Hebrew: חיוך הגדי‎ translit. Hiuch HaGdi) is a 1986 Israeli drama film directed by Shimon Dotan. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival where Tuncel Kurtiz won the Silver Bear for Best Actor.
 G.I. Jane is a 1997 American dramatic action film directed by Ridley Scott produced by Largo Entertainment Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft. The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group.
 Making the Grade is an American film which was released in 1984. It was directed by Dorian Walker and written by Charles Gale and Gene Quintano. It was filmed at Rhodes College in Memphis Tennessee.
 Gandhari is a 1993 Malayalam film directed by Sunil. The film stars Madhavi and Siddique in the lead roles.The film tells the story of a woman who wants to take revenge on the people who has once molested her.
 Down to the Dirt is a 2008 film based upon Newfoundland author Joel Hynes' first novel of the same name. The movie has been shot largely in Newfoundland. The film won two awards at the Atlantic Film Festival one for the best feature film and other for the best screenplay.
 Back Long Ago (Spanish: Allá lejos y hace tiempo) is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Becher and written by Guillermo Enrique Hudson with George Sherry Zabrieskie.The film starred Anna Bradley Rodolfo López and Cihangir Gaffari as John Foster.
 For the Porridge episode see A Day Out (Porridge). A Day Out may also refer to a TV play by Alan Bennett.A Day Out is a short film shot in Wales at the popular seaside resort of Barry Island.It is the story of a troublesome boy who runs away from his family on an adventure to the beach.The 9-minute film was commissioned by the Arts Council of Wales. It stars Nia Roberts Richard Harrington and Liam Donovan.
 Flying Fists is a 1937 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.The film is also known as The Last Comeback (American alternative title).
 Big Sur is a 2013 American adventure drama film directed by Michael Polish. It is an adaptation of the 1962 novel of the same name by Jack Kerouac.The story is based on the time Kerouac spent in Big Sur California and his three brief sojourns to friend Lawrence Ferlinghetti's cabin in Bixby Canyon.
 Memdidi is a 1961 Hindi movie produced by L. B. Lachman and directed by Hrishikesh MukherjeeThe film stars David Jayant Lalita Pawar Asit Sen and Tanuja. The films music is by Salil Choudhury.
 The Black Room is a 1935 mystery-horror film directed by Roy William Neill. The movie stars Boris Karloff in a dual role as twin brothers. The film also features Marian Marsh and Robert (Tex) Allen. The film was released in Great Britain as The Black Room Mystery.
 Maharathi (Telugu: మహారథి) is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by P. Vasu. Balakrishna plays the lead roles while Sneha Meera Jasmine and Jayaprada have other vital roles. The film released on 1 February 2007.The film met with negative reviews from critics and was declared a flop at the box office.Jyothika was the initial cast instead of Sneha.
 Pippi Longstocking (original Swedish title: Pippi Långstrump) is a 1969 Swedish movie based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking. The movie consisted of re-edited footage from the TV series. It was released in the USA in 1973.
 Idiot is a 2012 Tollywood film directed by Rajib Biswas starring Ankush Hazra and Srabanti Chatterjee in lead roles. This is a remake of 2006 Tamil language comedy film Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam.
 Sneakers is a 1992 caper film directed by Phil Alden Robinson written by Robinson Walter F. Parkes and Lawrence Lasker and starring Robert Redford Dan Aykroyd Ben Kingsley Mary McDonnell River Phoenix Sidney Poitier and David Strathairn.
 Hide-Out is a 1934 comedy film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Robert Montgomery and Maureen O'Sullivan. It also features a young Mickey Rooney. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing - Original Story (Mauri Grashin).
 The Narrow Street is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 Solo un padre (also known as The Semi-Serious Adventures of a Single Father Perfect Skin and Just a Father) is a 2008 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Luca Lucini. It is based on the novel Perfect Skin written by Nick Earls.
 Sergeant Deadhead is a 1965 musical comedy film starring Frankie Avalon. It features many cast members who appeared in the Beach Party movies.
 Sex Lies and Videotape (styled as sex lies and videotape) is a 1989 American independent drama film that brought director Steven Soderbergh to prominence. It tells the story of a man who films women discussing their sexuality and his impact on the relationships of a troubled married couple and the wife's younger sister.The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival and was influential in revolutionizing the independent film movement in the early 1990s.
 A Walk in the Sun is a World War II war film released in 1945 based on the novel by Harry Brown who was a writer for Yank the Army Weekly based in England. The book was serialized in Liberty Magazine in October 1944.The film was directed by Lewis Milestone stars Dana Andrews and features Richard Conte George Tyne John Ireland Lloyd Bridges Sterling Holloway Norman Lloyd Herbert Rudley and Richard Benedict with narration by Burgess Meredith.
 Moby Dick is a television miniseries based on Herman Melville's 1851 novel of the same name filmed in Australia in 1997 and first released in the United States in 1998.
 Pixel Perfect is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie. It aired in the United States on January 16 2004 and in the United Kingdom on January 21 2004. This is the 50th Disney Channel Original Movie.
 Sir or Madam (German: Ossi hat die Hosen an) is a 1928 British-German silent comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Margot Armand Percy Marmont and Ossi Oswalda. It was based on the 1923 novel Sir or Madame by Berta Ruck and shot at Elstree Studios near London. The film was a co-production between Germany and Britain with separate versions released in the countries. In Britain it was not released until February 1930.
 Sadaa Mee Sevalo (English translation: Always at Your Service) is a Telugu movie directed by G. Neelakanta Reddy starring Shriya and Venu Thottempudi.
 Nodo jimankyō jidai (のど自慢狂時代) is a 1949 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
 Chicago Heights (alternate title: The Last Soul on a Summer Night) is a 2009 film written and directed by Daniel Nearing. This experimental non-linear film is an ambitious adaptation of Sherwood Anderson’s short story cycle Winesburg Ohio. Noted film critic Roger Ebert included Chicago Heights in his list of the Top Art Films of 2010.
 Running Wild (Hangul: 야수; RR: Yasu) is a 2006 South Korean film.
 The Skin (Italian: La pelle) is a 1981 Italian war film directed by Liliana Cavani and starring Marcello Mastroianni Ken Marshall Claudia Cardinale and Burt Lancaster. It was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival.
 La Nemica is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
 The Archimedes Principle (Spanish: El Principio de Arquímedes) is a 2004 film directed by Gerardo Herrero featuring Marta Belaustegui and Roberto Enríquez.
 The Iron Claw is a 1916 American silent adventure 20 episode film serial starring Pearl White directed by George B. Seitz and Edward José and released by Pathé Exchange. A print of the seventh episode exists in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 A Nice Girl Like Me is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Desmond Davis. The plot revolves around a girl who lives with her shrewd aunts goes on a trip gets pregnant and must lie to her aunts that the baby is not hers.
 10th & Wolf is a 2006 film about the Mafia directed by Robert Moresco. It is based on a true story of a mob war in South Philadelphia.
 Messiah (メサイア) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Shusuke Kaneko.
 Skinning (Serbian: Шишање; Šišanje) is a 2010 Serbian film directed by Stevan Filipović. It premiered on 6 October 2010 in Sava Centar in Belgrade.
 Tjoet Nja' Dhien (pronounced [ˈtʃʊt ˈɲaʔ diˈɛn]) is a 1988 Indonesian film directed by Eros Djarot and starring Piet Burnama Christine Hakim Rudy Wowor and Slamet Rahardjo. Based on the life's story of female Acehnese guerrilla leader Cut Nyak Dhien it focuses on the six-year period between her second husband Teuku Umar's death and her capture by the Dutch colonial army.
 The Decalogue - VIII (Polish: Dekalog osiem) is the eighth part of the television series The Decalogue by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski connected to the ninth imperative of the Ten Commandments Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.A Holocaust survivor (Teresa Marczewska) confronts an ethics professor (Maria Kościałowska) who once refused to help her on the basis of this commandment.
 El ministro y yo (Spanish: The Minister and I) is a 1975 Mexican film.
 All Under the Moon (月はどっちに出ている Tsuki wa Dotchi ni Dete Iru) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Yoichi Sai.
 Grosse Pointe Blank is a 1997 American comedy film directed by George Armitage and starring John Cusack Minnie Driver Alan Arkin and Dan Aykroyd. The film received positive reviews from critics. The soundtrack produced by Joe Strummer features mainly independent music from the 1980s.
 Indian is a 1996 Tamil vigilante film directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam. The film stars Kamal Haasan in dual roles with Manisha Koirala Urmila Matondkar Sukanya and Goundamani appearing in other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman while cinematography was handled by Jeeva. The film tells the story of corruption in India with a former soldier becoming a vigilante to stamp the problem out.
 The Adventures of Barry McKenzie is a 1972 Australian film starring Barry Crocker telling the story of an Australian 'yobbo' on his travels to the United Kingdom. Barry McKenzie was originally a character created by Barry Humphries for a cartoon strip in Private Eye.
 Hannele Chiguridaga (Kannada: ಹಣ್ಣೆಲೆ ಚಿಗುರಿದಾಗ) is a 1968 Kannada film directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Enterprises. The film starred Rajkumar R. Nagendra Rao and Kalpana in lead roles. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Triveni. The story deals with the empowerment of women in education and also issue around widow marriage.The original score and soundtrack were composed by M. Ranga Rao and had lyrics written by R. N. Jayagopal.
 Passer passer piger is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Helle Virkner.
 The Black Marble is a 1980 mystery/comedy film directed by Harold Becker based on a novel by Joseph Wambaugh. It stars Robert Foxworth and Paula Prentiss.
 Faces is a 1968 drama film directed by John Cassavetes and starring John Marley Cassavetes' wife Gena Rowlands Seymour Cassel and Lynn Carlin. Both Cassel and Carlin received Academy-Award nominations for this film. Cassavetes was nominated for the best original screenplay Academy Award for Faces. The film was shot in high contrast 16 mm black and white film stock. In 2011 it was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
 The Detective is a 2007 Hong Kong neo-noir mystery thriller film directed by Oxide Pang and starring Aaron Kwok as a private investigator hired to track down a missing young woman who may be linked to a series of murders in Thailand.
 Ninja Academy is a 1988 Nico Mastorakis' comedy film starring Will Egan Gerald Okamura Kelly Randall Michael David Robert Factor and Jeff Robinson. It is a low-budget B-movie similar to the Police Academy series of movies.
 Hei Tiki also known as Primitive Passions and Hei Tiki: A Saga of the Maoris was a 1935 American film made in New Zealand by the eccentric Alexander Markey and released with sound added in America. The film gained notoriety in America by having scenes of nudity cut in various states.Markey directed and produced the film also writing the screenplay and the “native melodies”. His girlfriend Zoe Varney was credited as Associate Producer.
 Howrah Bridge is a 1958 film directed by Shakti Samanta. Its name is a reference to Howrah Bridge which connects Howrah to Kolkata over the Hooghly River. It features the well known Hindi song Mera Naam Chin Chin Chuwhich was reused in the film Salaam Bombay!. This song was sung by Geeta Dutt and picturised on Helen. Director Samanta also said that the sensuous club number Aaiye Meherbaan picturized on Madhubala was also very memorable. The Music Director is O. P. Nayyar.
 Los Mochileros is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Sunday is a 2008 Bollywood mystery comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty. The film stars Ajay Devgn Ayesha Takia Arshad Warsi and Irfan Khan in lead roles. It is a remake of the 2005 Telugu film Anukokunda Oka Roju.Sunday released on 25 January 2008 and received mixed response from critics. It also managed to do average business at the box office worldwide.
 Night and No Morning (German:Die Nacht ohne Morgen) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Eugen Klöpfer Hans Mierendorff and Hanni Weisse. It premiered in Berlin on 17 August 1921.
 Welcome to Mooseport is a 2004 American comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and starring Ray Romano and Gene Hackman. It was filmed in Jackson's Point Ontario and Port Perry Ontario and was Hackman's final film appearance prior to his 2008 retirement from film.
 Rough Night in Jericho is a 1967 western film starring Dean Martin George Peppard and Jean Simmons directed by Arnold Laven. It was based on the novel The Man in Black written (in 1965) by Marvin H. Albert who also wrote the screenplay. The supporting cast includes John McIntire and Slim Pickens. This is the only film in which Dean Martin portrayed the villain.
 The Four Feathers is a 1921 British silent war film directed by René Plaissetty and starring Harry Ham Mary Massart and Henry Vibart. The film is an adaptation of A. E. W. Mason's 1902 novel of the same name. The film was made by Stoll Pictures at the time the largest British film studio. It was the second film version of the story following a 1915 American film. The film was shot on location in North Africa. It was reasonably successful on its release.
 Neal of the Navy is a 1915 American adventure film serial directed by William Bertram and W. M. Harvey. The film is considered to be lost. Neal of the Navy was the first use of a man's name in the title of a serial.
 October (Spanish: Octubre) is a 2010 Peruvian drama film directed by brothers Daniel Vega Vidal and Diego Vega Vidal. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Peruvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Oliver Twist is a 2007 British television adaptation of Charles Dickens' novel Oliver Twist written by Sarah Phelps and directed by Coky Giedroyc. It consists of five episodes broadcast on BBC One from 18 to 22 December 2007. It aired on PBS' Masterpiece Classic in the United States on 15 and 22 February 2009 in two ninety-minute installments. In Australia ABC1 also opted to air this series as a two-part special each Sunday at 8:30 pm from 20 December 2009.
 Sac de noeuds is a 1985 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 American Drug War: The Last White Hope is a 2007 documentary by writer/director Kevin Booth about the War on Drugs in the United States.
 A Cure for Pokeritis is a 1912 short silent film starring John Bunny and Flora Finch. After Bunny's death a re-release was announced with the alternative title A Sure Cure for Pokeritis. This domestic comedy depicts a woman who stops her husband's gambling habit by having her cousin stage a fake police raid on the weekly poker game. It was one of many similar shorts produced by Vitagraph Studios whose popularity made Bunny and Finch early film stars.
 Dinosaur Wars is a documentary film created by PBS as an episode for American Experience. The video details the rivalry between Edward Cope and O.C. Marsh. Cope and Marsh were paleontologists who uncovered dinosaur fossils in the late 19th century. The episode had been broadcast by PBS in January 2011. PBS later posted the video online in July 2011. The episode has been covered in online articles posted by Technorati and Wired.
 Bambai Raat Ki Bahon Mein (English title: In the Arms of the Bombay Night) was a 1967 suspense crime-triller Hindi film written produced and directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. The film starred Vimal Ahuja Surekha David Irshad Panjatan A.K. Hangal Madhukar Kuljit Pal and debutantes Jalal Agha and Persis Khambata in major roles.At the 1967 National Film Awards the film won the National Film Award for Best Cinematography for its cinematographer Ramachandra
 Wuthering Heights (1954) also called Abismos de pasión or Cumbres borrascosas is a Mexican film directed by Luis Buñuel. In 1931 Buñuel and Pierre Unik wrote a screenplay based on the Emily Brontë novel Wuthering Heights but were never able to get financing. The 1954 film was produced by Óscar Dancigers and Abelardo L. Rodríguez. The movie starred Irasema Dilián and Jorge Mistral as the Cathy and Heathcliff characters.
 For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth (Swedish: För min heta ungdoms skull) is a 1952 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mon Oncle (My Uncle) is a 1958 film comedy by French filmmaker Jacques Tati. The first of Tati's films to be released in colour Mon Oncle won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film a Special Prize at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival and the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Foreign Language Film receiving more honors than any of Tati's other cinematic works.
 The Nun (French: La Religieuse) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Guillaume Nicloux. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival. It received two nominations at the 4th Magritte Awards winning Best Actress for Pauline Étienne and a nomination at the 39th César Awards to be held on 28 February.
 Robotix is a 1985 animated series based on the Milton Bradley toy of the same name. The original toy was of the construction type similar to the Erector Set and K’Nex that included motors wheels and pincers. The series follows the conflict between the peaceful Protectons and the warmongering Terrakors on the alien world of Skalorr and a group of humans who get caught up in the conflict.
 Kiss Me Quick! is a 1964 American film directed by Peter Perry. The film was originally titled Dr Breedlove or Dr Breedlove or How I Stopped Worrying and Love to exploit the title of Stanley Kubrick's Dr Strangelove. It was retitled to exploit Billy Wilder's Kiss Me Stupid.
 Slasher is a 2004 documentary film directed by John Landis for the Independent Film Channel. The film was produced by Chris Kobin Stephen Cantor and Daniel Laikand.Shot over a weekend in Memphis Tennessee the film centers on uber-used car salesman Michael Bennett a traveling master of the Slasher Sale Kevin-the-DJ and Mudd the closer as they put on a tent-style used car sale.
 The Christmas Heart is a 2012 Hallmark Channel Christmas film directed by Gary Yates. The movie first released on the Hallmark Channel on December 2 2012 and stars Teri Polo Paul Essiembre and Ty Wood. The film's premise follows a group of neighbors that come together to help provide emotional support for a teenage boy that needs a heart transplant.
 For the 1937 Tennessee Williams play see Fugitive Kind.The Fugitive Kind is a 1959 American drama film starring Marlon Brando and Anna Magnani and directed by Sidney Lumet. The screenplay by Meade Roberts and Tennessee Williams was based on the latter's 1957 play Orpheus Descending itself a revision of his unproduced 1939 work Battle of Angels.Despite being set in the Deep South the United Artists release was filmed in Milton New York.
 Cocksucker Blues is an unreleased documentary film directed by the still photographer Robert Frank chronicling The Rolling Stones American Tour 1972 in support of their album Exile on Main St.
 Viralukketha Veekkam is a 1999 Tamil comedy film directed by V. Sekhar. The film features Livingston Vadivelu Vivek Kushboo Kovai Sarala and Kanaka in lead roles. The film produced by S. S. Durairaju and K. Parthiban had musical score by Deva and was released on 16 July 1999 to mixed reviews.
 Una Atrevida aventurita is a 1948 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and written by Julio Porter.
 Stolen Women: Captured Hearts is a 1997 made-for-television film directed by Jerry London. The film stars Janine Turner as Anna Morgan a woman living on the plains of Kansas in 1868 who is kidnapped by a band of Lakota Indians. It also stars Patrick Bergin Jean Louisa Kelly Michael Greyeyes and Rodney A. Grant. The story is loosely based on the real Anna Morgan who was taken by Cheyenne Indians for approximately one year before being returned to her husband.
 Kill Your Darlings is a 2006 film directed by Björne Larson and written by Björne Larson and Johan Sandström. In an interview with Svenska Dagbladet Larson said that the film is based on a real event in his life when he met a seemingly nice man at an internet cafe in Los Angeles who ended up leaving Larsson bound and restrained in a desert.
 Kungajakt is a 1944 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg.
 Without Dowry (Russian: Бесприданница) is a 1937 Soviet film directed by Yakov Protazanov based on the eponymous play by Alexander Ostrovsky.
 The Mystery of Bangalore (German:Das Rätsel von Bangalor) is a 1918 German silent film directed by Alexander Antalffy and Paul Leni and starring Conrad Veidt Gilda Langer and Harry Liedtke.
 Siddhartha (1972) is a film based on the novel of the same name by Hermann Hesse directed by Conrad Rooks. It was shot on location in Northern India and features work by noted cinematographer Sven Nykvist.The locations used for the film were the holy city of Rishikesh and the private estates and palaces of the Maharajah of Bharatpur.
 Barbershop is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Tim Story produced by State Street Pictures and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on September 13 2002. Starring Ice Cube Cedric the Entertainer and Anthony Anderson the movie revolves around social life in a barbershop on the South Side of Chicago. Barbershop also proved to be a star-making vehicle for acting newcomers Eve and Michael Ealy.
 Save the Last Dance is a 2001 American film produced by MTV Films directed by Thomas Carter and released by Paramount Pictures on January 12 2001. The film stars Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas as a teenage interracial couple in Chicago who work together to help the main character played by Stiles train for a dance audition. A direct-to-video sequel Save the Last Dance 2 was released in 2006.
 Sitaron Se Aage (Hindi: दुनिया; English: Ahead of the Stars) is a 1958 Hindi Black-and-white Family film written and directed by Satyen Bose. The film starred Ashok Kumar Vyjayanthimala in the lead with Johnny Walker Rajasulochana Shammi Jagdish Sethi Manmohan Krishna and Leela Mishra forms an ensemble cast. The film was produced by K. Balaji. The films score was composed by S. D. Burman with lyrics provided by Majrooh Sultanpuri. Editing was done by Shivaji Awdhut and was filmed by K. H.
 Rape! 13th Hour (レイプ２５時　暴姦 Rape! 25-ji Bōkan) is a 1977 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Yasuharu Hasebe and with Yuri Yamashina. It has homosexual content.
 Escape from Suburbia: Beyond the American Dream is a 2007 Canadian documentary film written and directed by Gregory Greene as a sequel to Greene's film The End of Suburbia and set to address what is termed the upcoming energy crisis. Through interviews with individuals Gregory Greene outlines potential solutions to the coming energy crisis.
 La matiouette ou l'arrière-pays (also known as La matiouette) is a 1983 French 48-minute drama film directed by André Téchiné. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Disciples of Hippocrates (ヒポクラテスたち Hipokuratesu-tachi) is a 1980 Japanese film directed by Kazuki Ōmori.
 What If... is a 2010 Christian/drama film directed by Dallas Jenkins. It stars Kevin Sorbo Kristy Swanson Debby Ryan and John Ratzenberger. The film was released to theaters on August 20 2010. It is the first film in a two-movie partnership between Jenkins Entertainment and Pure Flix Entertainment.
 Main Awara Hoon is an Indian film directed by Ashim S. Samanta and released in 1983. The movie based on a story by late Gulshan Nanda stars Sanjay Dutt Raj Babbar Jayapradha and Rati Agnihotri.
 Slaughter is a 1972 Blaxploitation film which was released during the early 1970s Blaxploitation film era. It was directed by Jack Starrett and it stars Jim Brown as a black Vietnam Veteran and former Green Beret captain who is referred to only by his last name Slaughter. He seeks revenge for the murder of his parents by the mafia which his father had ties to. This film was followed by a sequel the following year Slaughter's Big Rip-Off (1973).
 Young Man with a Horn is a 1950 musical drama film based on a novel of the same name by Dorothy Baker inspired by the life ofBix Beiderbecke the jazz cornetist. The movie stars Kirk Douglas Lauren Bacall Doris Day and Hoagy Carmichael and was directed by Michael Curtiz and produced by Jerry Wald. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman and Edmund H. North.
 What Women Suffer is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It is a Victorian melodrama complete with a climax where a little child is placed on a moving saw bench and is considered a lost film.
 My Mother is Arb (Khmer: កូនអើយ ម្តាយអាប Kon Aeuy Madai Ahp also Krasue Mom) is a Cambodian horror film.
 Parnell is a 1937 biographical film released by MGM starring Clark Gable as Charles Stewart Parnell the famous Irish politician. It is considered Gable's worst film and is classified in The Fifty Worst Films of All Time.
 Lovers Lane is a 2005 pornographic horror film written and directed by Brad Armstrong and co-written by Stormy Daniels.
 Supervoksen (English: Triple Dare) is a Danish comedy-drama from 2006.
 Man from Cocody (French: Le gentleman de Cocody) is a French adventure film from 1965 set in Cocody Ivory Coast. It was directed by Christian-Jaque written by Christian-Jaque and Jacques Emmanuel starring Jean Marais. The film was known under the titles: Ivory Coast Adventure (USA) Donne mitra e diamanti (Italy) Pulverfass und Diamanten (Germany).
 Bad Subject (Italian: Un cattivo soggetto) is a 1933 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 Tarpan (English title: The Absolution) was a 1994 Indian Hindi drama film written and directed by K. Bikram Singh and starring Om Puri Revathy Dina Pathak Manohar Singh and Mita Vashisht in lead roles. This directorial debut film was jointly produced by NFDC and Doordarshan. The film set in the 1940s in a fictitious village in the Shekhavati region in Rajasthan where no girl child survives beyond the age of seven.
 Last Orders is a 2001 British/German drama film written and directed by Fred Schepisi. The screenplay is based on the 1996 Booker Prize-winning novel Last Orders by Graham Swift.
 Dirty Filthy Love is a British single television drama starring Michael Sheen as an architect living with obsessive-compulsive disorder and Tourette syndrome.Directed by Adrian Shergold the film was first broadcast by ITV on 26 September 2004. It was written by Jeff Pope and Ian Puleston-Davies who suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorders himself. In addition to Michael Sheen the cast features Shirley Henderson Anastasia Griffith Adrian Bower and Claudie Blakley.
 Nurse 3D is a 2013 3D horror film directed by Doug Aarniokoski and written by David Loughery. It stars Paz de la Huerta Katrina Bowden Corbin Bleu. The film is inspired by the photography of Lionsgate's chief marketing officer Tim Palen. Production took place from September to October 2011.The film was released on February 7 2014 in selected theaters and on VOD.
 Pakal Nakshatrangal (English: Morning Stars) is a 2008 Malayalam film directed by Rajeev Nath and written by Anoop Menon who made his debut in screenplay writing through this film. The film stars Mohanlal Suresh Gopi Murali Anoop Menon Lakshmi Gopalaswamy and Kalpana. It is about the lives of a group of intellectuals in Kerala in the later half of the 1990s. The film was critically acclaimed but was a commercial failure.
 The Blue Mansion is the second film from director Glen Goei. The film had its world premiere at the 14th Pusan International Film Festival (PIFF) and was released in Singapore on 22 October 2009.
 Midnight Whispers (Chinese: 盡訴心中情; Pinyin: Jin su xin zhong qing; Jyutping: Jun so sam jung ching; literally Cascading Feeling) is a 1986 Hong Kong melodramatic film starring Josephine Koo and Moon Lee. The film reportedly sat on the shelf for over a year before finally being released in 1988.
 The Bleeding is an action-horror film directed by Charlie Picerni and starring Michael Matthias Vinnie Jones DMX and Michael Madsen.
 Mannina Maga (Kannada: ಮಣ್ಣಿನ ಮಗ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Geethapriya marking his debut as a solo in film-direction. The film stars Rajkumar Kalpana and Jayakumari in the lead roles. Produced by Sudarshan Movies banner and written by Geethapriya the film received rave reviews and went on to win National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada and ran for more than 100 days in cinema halls.
 The Crooked Circle is a 1932 American film a comedy-mystery directed by H. Bruce Humberstone.In 1933 it became notable as the first feature film shown on television. In Los Angeles the Don Lee Broadcasting System showed the film on March 10 1933 over their experimental station W6XAO transmitting an 80-line resolution picture to a half-dozen or less receiving sets in the greater Los Angeles area.
 The War Boys is a 2009 American independent drama film directed by Ronald Daniels. Its screenplay was written by Naomi Wallace and Bruce McLeod based on the play of the same name by Naomi Wallace.It stars Peter Gallagher Victor Rasuk Brian J. Smith and Benjamin Walker.
 Colonel Bogey is a 1948 fantasy film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Jack Train and Mary Jerrold.
 The Gentle Gunman is a black-and-white 1952 Ealing Studios drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring John Mills and Dirk Bogarde.
 Waterloo Road is a 1945 British film based on the Waterloo area of South London. It was directed by Sidney Gilliat.
 Shrek the Third (also known as Shrek 3) is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the Shrek franchise. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures which acquired DreamWorks Pictures in 2006 (the former parent of DWA). It was released in U.S. theaters on May 18 2007 (exactly six years after the first film).
 Akrobatisches Potpourri (also known as Gymnastikerfamilie Grunato) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Max and Emil Skladanowsky and starring the Grunato family.
 The Water Cure is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 A Dangerous Life is a 1988 English-language Australian film about the final years of the Philippines under Ferdinand Marcos' rule from the assassination of Benigno Aquino Jr. in 1983 to the People Power EDSA Revolution in 1986 that ousted Marcos. The film focuses on American TV journalist Tony O'Neil (Gary Busey) who finds himself in the middle of key events that lead to the downfall of the Marcos regime.
 Nafrat Ki Aandhi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Mehul Kumar and starring Dharmendra Jeetendra Madhavi Anita Raj.
 Genesis In Concert is a concert film directed and produced by Tony Maylam for the English progressive rock band Genesis. The recording of the film took place during concerts in Glasgow Scotland and Stafford England in 1976. The film was released in 1977.
 Blutzbrüdaz is a 2011 German musical film directed by German-Turkish Özgür Yildirim. The film was nominated at the 2012 New Faces Awards in Germany.
 Two Hands is a 1999 Australian crime film written and directed by Gregor Jordan. The film stars Heath Ledger as Jimmy a young man in debt to Pando a local gangster played by Bryan Brown and also stars Rose Byrne David Field and Susie Porter. It won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Film in 1999. It was filmed in 1998 but was not released in Australia until 29 July 1999.
 Four Nights of a Dreamer (French: Quatre nuits d'un rêveur) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Robert Bresson and starring Isabelle Weingarten. The film was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.Like several other films made in various countries the film is loosely based on the story White Nights written by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
 Ninja Kids!!! (忍たま乱太郎 Nintama Rantarô) is a 2011 Japanese family-oriented comedy film directed by Takashi Miike. The film is live-action adaptation of the Japanese anime series Nintama Rantarō. The film stars Seishiro Kato as Rantaro who is sent to a ninja training school by his parents.
 Pearl Jam Twenty (also known as PJ20) is a 2011 American rockumentary directed by Cameron Crowe about the band Pearl Jam. Preliminary footage was being shot as of June 2010. Crowe completed filming in April 2011 after using 12000 hours of footage of the band for the documentary.
 Perdido por perdido (English: Lost for Lost) is an Argentine 1993 thriller directed by Alberto Lecchi and starring Ricardo Darín Enrique Pinti and Carolina Papaleo.
 Serenity is a 2005 American space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon. It is a continuation of Whedon's short-lived 2002 Fox science fiction television series Firefly and stars the same cast taking place after the events of the final episode. Set in 2517 Serenity is the story of the captain and crew of Serenity a Firefly-class spaceship. The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War having fought on the losing side.
 Devil's Playground is a 2002 documentary film by Stick Figure Productions directed by Lucy Walker about the experiences of several Amish youths deciding whether to remain in or leave their community and faith during the period known as rumspringa (running around in Pennsylvania Dutch). The film follows a few Amish teenagers in LaGrange County Indiana who enter the English (non-Amish) world and experience partying drinking illegal drugs and pre-marital sex.
 Wisconsin Death Trip is a 1999 American black-and-white and color docudrama film written and directed by James Marsh based on the 1973 book of the same name by Michael Lesy.
 The Kid Brother is a 1927 American classic comedy silent film starring Harold Lloyd. It was successful and popular upon release and today is considered by critics and fans to be one of Lloyd's best films integrating elements of comedy romance drama and character development. Its storyline is an homage to a 1921 film called Tol'able David although it is essentially a re-make of a little-known 1924 Hal Roach feature The White Sheep starring Glenn Tryon.
 Across the Atlantic is a 1928 American silent romantic drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros. This film was a silent film but Warner Bros. added the Vitaphone process with musical score and sound effects but no dialogue.
 Guide is a 1965 Romantic Drama film film starring Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman. It was directed by Vijay Anand who also contributed to the screenplay. The film is based on the critically acclaimed novel The Guide by R. K. Narayan and is widely considered to be one of the masterpieces of the Indian film industry.The film was a box office hit upon release. The movie proved memorable for its award-winning performances by the lead actors and memorable music by S. D. Burman.
 Cowboy Bebop: The Movie (also known as Cowboy Bebop the Movie: Knockin' on Heaven's Door (劇場版 カウボーイビバップ 天国の扉 Gekijōban Kaubōi Bibappu: Tengoku no Tobira titled Cowboy Bebop: Heaven's Door in English)) is a 2001 animated film directed by Shinichirō Watanabe. The screenplay was written by Keiko Nobumoto based on the Cowboy Bebop anime series created by Sunrise.
 Ayul Kaithi is a 1991 Tamil drama film directed by K. Subhash starring Prabhu and Revathi in lead roles. The film produced by A. N. Ramasamy had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 29 June 1991.
 Heroic Duo (Chinese: 雙雄) is a 2003 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan and starring Leon Lai Ekin Cheng and Francis Ng.
 Third Base (サード) is a 1978 Japanese sports film directed by Yōichi Higashi.
 Scooby-Doo! Abracadabra-Doo is the fourteenth of a series of direct-to-video animated films based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons. It was produced in 2009 by Warner Bros. Animation and it was released on February 16 1997. It made its television debut on July 10 2010 on Cartoon Network. It features the Mystery Inc. gang. The movie performed well on iTunes reaching the Top 10 on the Kids & Family movie charts and the Top 40 on the iTunes movie charts.
 Super Police (Telugu: సూపర్ పోలీస్) is a 1994 Telugu film directed by K. Murali Mohan Rao. The film stars Daggubati Venkatesh Soundarya and Nagma in important roles. It was dubbed and released in Tamil with the same name it was also dubbed into Hindi as Khel Khaladi Ka and released in 1997. This was the second film that A.R. Rahman composed music for a direct Telugu film and the first time that he composed the entire soundtrack for a Telugu film.
 Harvey is a 1950 film based on Mary Chase's play of the same name directed by Henry Koster and starring James Stewart and Josephine Hull. The story is about a man whose best friend is a pooka named Harvey—in the form of a six-foot three-and-one-half-inch tall invisible rabbit.
 Marjorie Morningstar is a 1958 melodrama film based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Herman Wouk. The film released by Warner Bros. and directed by Irving Rapper tells a fictional coming of age story about a young Jewish girl in New York City in the 1950s. The film's trajectory traces Marjorie Morgenstern's attempts to become an artist - exemplified through her relationship with the actor and playwright Noel Airman.
 Shool (Hindi: शूल English: Thorn) is a 1999 Hindi crime drama film written by Ram Gopal Varma and directed by E. Nivas. The film portrays the politician-criminal nexus and the criminalization of politics in the state of Bihar and its effect on the life of an honest police officer. The film starred Manoj Bajpai as Inspector Samar Pratap Singh and Sayaji Shinde as the borderline psychopath criminal-politician Bachhu Yadav. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi.
 All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace is a 2011 BBC documentary series by filmmaker Adam Curtis. The series argues that computers have failed to liberate humanity and instead have distorted and simplified our view of the world around us. The title is taken from the 1967 poem of the same name by Richard Brautigan. The first of three episodes aired on Monday 23 May 2011 at 9pm on BBC2.
 S.O.S. is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Robert Loraine Bramwell Fletcher and Ursula Jeans. The film takes its title from the morse code distress signal S.O.S.. It was made at Lime Grove Studios.The film marked director Hiscott's first move from comedy films which he had begun his career making into the straight dramatic films that would become best known for.
 The Garden of Sinners: Paradox Spiral (空の境界 第五章 矛盾螺旋 Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Goshō: Mujun Rasen) is a 2008 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the fifth installment in the series preceded by The Hollow Shrine (2008) and followed by Oblivion Recording (2008).
 Against the Wall is a 2010 science fiction short film directed by David Capurso and written/produced by Jeff Haber. It stars Russ Russo Sarah Ahlgren and Tammy McNeill and is inspired by the Breakout style of video game play. The short was accepted into 5 festivals nominated for two Maverick Movie Awards and given multiple online distribution deals including appearances on iTunes and the G4TV website.
 4:44 Last Day on Earth is a 2011 American apocalyptic drama written and directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Willem Dafoe Shanyn Leigh Natasha Lyonne and Paul Hipp.
 Driven by Fate is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by John G. Adolfi and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau. The film also stars Florence Crawford Tammany Young and Conrad Cantzel.
 Swapna Sanchari ( Malayalam: സ്വപ്ന സഞ്ചാരി ; English:Dream Traveller) is a 2011 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Kamal starring Jayaram and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles. It was a success at the box office.
 The Chicken (French: Le Poulet) is a 1965 French short comedy film directed by Claude Berri. It won an Academy Award in 1966 for Best Short Subject.
 Una rosa per tutti (US title A Rose for everyone) is a 1967 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 To Have and to Hold was a 1922 American silent drama film. Based on the 1900 novel of the same name the film was directed by George Fitzmaurice and starred Bert Lytell and Betty Compson.To Have and to Hold is now considered lost.
 Her Crowning Glory is a 1911 American silent short comedy film directed by Laurence Trimble. The film is preserved by the UCLA Film and Television Archive and is included in the DVD Treasures From American Film Archives program #2 50 Preserved Films by the National Film Preservation Foundation.
 Frøken Nitouche is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Lone Hertz. Based on Mam'zelle Nitouche
 Fuego sagrado is a 1950 Argentine film.
 The Beguiled is a 1971 American drama film directed by Don Siegel starring Clint Eastwood and Geraldine Page. The script was written by Albert Maltz and is based on the 1966 Southern Gothic novel written by Thomas P. Cullinan originally titled A Painted Devil. The film marks the third of five collaborations between Siegel and Eastwood following Coogan's Bluff (1968) and Two Mules for Sister Sara (1970) and continuing with Dirty Harry (1971) and Escape from Alcatraz (1979).
 Gopal Krishna is a 1979 Bollywood fantasy film directed by Vijay Sharma.
 Scent of a Woman is a 1992 American drama directed and produced by Martin Brest that tells the story of a preparatory school student who takes a job as an assistant to an irascible blind medically retired Army officer. The film stars Al Pacino Chris O'Donnell James Rebhorn Philip Seymour Hoffman and Gabrielle Anwar.
 Walang Awa Kung Pumatay is 1990 Filipino action film starting Robin Padilla Rita Avila Zandro Zamora Val Iglesias and Conrad Poe and released by Omega Releasing Organization Inc. Followed by the 1998 Filipino action film Neo Films' (Wangbu) starring Jay Manalo Dindi Gallardo Amanda Page Julio Diaz Roy Alvarez and Brando Legaspi Directed by Toto Natividad.
 Missionary is a 2013 horror thriller film by Anthony DiBlasi. It received its world premiere on July 25 2013 at the Fantasia International Film Festival and stars Dawn Olivieri as a beautiful single mother caught up in one man's obsession with her.
 Fate Takes a Hand is a 1961 British film.
 Thunderbirds is a 2004 science-fiction action-adventure film based on the 1960s television series of the same name directed by Jonathan Frakes.The film written by William Osborne and Michael McCullers was released on 24 July 2004 in the United Kingdom and 30 July 2004 in the United States with later opening dates in other countries.
 The Million Dollar Duck (also titled as The $1000000 Duck) is a 1971 Walt Disney Productions comedy film that was directed by Vincent McEveety and stars Dean Jones Sandy Duncan and Joe Flynn.
 I Married a Monster from Outer Space is a 1958 science fiction film directed by Gene Fowler Jr. and starring Tom Tryon and Gloria Talbott.The story centers on freshly married Marge Farrell who finds her husband Bill strangely transformed soon after her marriage: He is losing his affection for his wife and other living beings and drops various earlier habits. Soon she finds out that Bill is not the only man in town changing into a completely different person.
 New Friendship (Spanish: Nuevas amistades) is a 1963 Spanish drama film directed by Ramón Comas. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Bollenti spiriti is a 1981 Italian fantasy-comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.
 Paalai is a 2011 period film written and directed by Senthamizhan who had previously assisted director Ram in Katradhu Thamizh. Based on Sangam literature the film is set in 300 BC years and starred Shammu and debutant Sunil in pivotal roles. The film released with little publicity in November 2011.
 Arrietty titled The Borrower Arrietty (借りぐらしのアリエッティ Kari-gurashi no Arietti) in Japan and The Secret World of Arrietty in North America is a 2010 Japanese animated fantasy film directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi and scripted by Hayao Miyazaki and Keiko Niwa. It is based on The Borrowers by Mary Norton an English author of children's books about a family of tiny people who live secretly in the walls and floors of a typical household borrowing items from humans to survive.
 Mast Kalandar is a 1991 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.The film is known for being the first Bollywood film picturing an open gay character Pinkoo (or Pinku). Pinkoo is played by Anupam Kher.
 The Crooked Trail is a 1936 American film directed by S. Roy Luby.
 Blue Like Jazz is a 2012 American comedy-drama film based on Donald Miller's semi-autobiographical book of the same name directed by Steve Taylor. Miller Taylor and Ben Pearson co-wrote the screenplay. The film stars Marshall Allman Claire Holt and Tania Raymonde.
 The Other Francisco (Spanish: El otro Francisco) is a 1975 Cuban drama film directed by Sergio Giral. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where Miguel Benavides won the award for Best Actor.
 Once Upon a Crime is a 1992 ensemble comedy film starring Richard Lewis John Candy James Belushi Cybill Shepherd Sean Young and Ornella Muti. The film was directed by Eugene Levy. It is the remake of the Mario Camerini comedy Crimen.
 Frontier Marshal is a 1939 western film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Randolph Scott as Wyatt Earp. The movie is the second film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel based on Stuart N. Lake's biography of Earp Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal (later found to be largely fictionalized). An earlier version was Wurtzel's Frontier Marshal filmed in 1934.
 Another Country is a 1984 British romantic historical drama written by Julian Mitchell adapted from his play of the same title. Directed by Marek Kanievska the film stars Rupert Everett and Colin Firth.Another Country is loosely based on the life of the spy and double agent Guy Burgess Guy Bennett in the film. It explores his homosexuality and exposure to Marxism while examining the hypocrisy and snobbery of the English public school system.
 A Kiss in the Dark is a 1949 comedy film directed by Delmer Daves. It stars David Niven and Jane Wyman. The plot revolves around a pianist who inherits an apartment house full of loony tenants.
 Tender is a short comedy which was produced in Brisbane Queensland by independent filmmaker Liz Tomkins and stars Australian stage television and film actor Mark Conaghan.The film was developed and produced under the Screen Australia Raw Nerve Short Film Initiative offered by QPIX in association with Screen Development Australia and Screen Queensland.
 The Tailenders is a 2005 documentary directed produced and narrated by Adele Horne an American independent filmmaker based out of Los Angeles. It is in limited release and has been screened in the U.S. Mexico and Scotland. According to a P.O.V.
 Not Born to Be Gladiators also known as Gladiators of Rome (Italian: Gladiatori di Roma) is a 2012 Italian computer-animated comedy film produced by Rainbow CGI and released by Medusa Film. It is directed by Iginio Straffi in 2011.
 Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya is a 2001 Hindi movie directed by Rajat Rawail. It stars Vinay Anand Pooja Batra Govinda & Tabu .
 Big Girl Little Girl is a 2004 British short film directed by Amelia Hann.
 An American Dream is a 1966 Technicolor drama film directed by Robert Gist starring Stuart Whitman and Janet Leigh. It was adapted from the Norman Mailer novel of the same name.
 As Far as My Feet Will Carry Me (German: So weit die Füße tragen) is a 2001 film about German World War II prisoner of war Clemens Forell's escape from a Siberian Gulag in the Soviet Union back to Germany. It is based on the book of the same name written by Bavarian novellist Josef Martin Bauer. The book is in turn based on the story of Cornelius Rost who used the alias Clemens Forell to avoid retribution from the KGB.
 Escuadron is a 1988 film. It was also known as Counterforce.
 Ruth of the Rockies is a 1920 American Western film serial directed by George Marshall. Two of the 15 episodes survive in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
 Kai Kodukkum Kai is a 1984 Tamil film starring Rajinikanth and Revathy in the lead roles. A partial remake of the 1976 Kannada Portmanteau film Katha Sangama Kai Kodukkum Kai was written and directed by J. Mahendran. The film was produced by Vijayakumar and R. Vijayachandran.
 Slaughter's Big Rip-Off is a 1973 Blaxploitation film which was released during the 1970s Blaxploitation film era. It is directed by Gordon Douglas. From its famous tagline “The mob put the finger on Slaughter …so he gave them the finger right back curled around a tight trigger” the sequel is a crime/drama/action film protagonized by football legend Jim Brown.
 On se calme et on boit frais à Saint-Tropez (Let's calm down and drink fresh in Saint-Tropez) (1987) is the last movie made by French film-maker Max Pécas. It is also the last one of his Saint-Tropez trilogy.Many of the viewers find the movie awful and consider that it is the worst one Pécas has ever done.
 The Serpent was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Theda Bara. The film based on the short story The Wolf's Claw by Philip Bartholomae and its scenario was written by Raoul A. Walsh. Produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation The Serpent was shot on location at Chimney Rock North Carolina and at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. It is now considered lost.
 Such a Little Pirate is a lost 1918 silent film Pirate-adventure starring Lila Lee as a young sea going heroine and Theodore Roberts as her grandfather. George Melford directed the film. It was produced by Adolph Zukor and Jesse Lasky.
 The Drums of Jeopardy is a 1931 American film directed by George B. Seitz.The name Boris Karlov was used from MacGrath's book and for the 1922 Broadway play but by 1923 with actor Boris Karloff using the similar sounding variation the film version renamed the character played by Wallace Beery Gregor Karlov.
 Joshua is a 2002 film based on the novel of the same name by Joseph F. Girzone. The movie was produced by Crusader Entertainment LLC and directed by Joseph Purdy.
 How the West Was Won is a 1962 American Metrocolor epic-Western film. The picture was one of the last old-fashioned epic films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to enjoy great success. Set between 1839 and 1889 it follows four generations of a family (starting as the Prescotts) as they move ever westward from western New York state to the Pacific Ocean.
 Camp is a 2003 independent musical film written and directed by Todd Graff about an upstate New York performing arts summer camp. The film is based on Graff's own experiences at a similar camp called Stagedoor Manor where many scenes of the movie were filmed.
 In the Last Stride is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Martyn Keith based on a popular action novel by Arthur Wright. The film's star Dave Smith was a champion heavyweight boxer who had fought Les Darcy. There was also an appearance from boxer Les O'Donnell.It is considered a lost film.
 The Ultimate Truth 2004 is a British comedy film set in London and Hampshire it is a comedy and tells the tale of Jeda Keir Howeld who after being told to 'get a life' by his girlfriend Stacey Keeley Mills decides to run for political office. along the way he meets various colourful characters that help and hinder him in equal measure.
 Alone Yet Not Alone is a 2013 American historical adventure drama film directed by Ray Bengston and co-directed by George D. Escobar starring Kelly Greyson Racoosin Jenn Gotzon and Clay Walker. Alone Yet Not Alone received an Academy Award Nomination (2013) for Best Song Alone Yet Not Alone and week later rescinded.
 Amudhey is a Tamil film released in 2005. It was directed by Ezhil. Starring Jai Akash Madhumitha and Pranathi in lead roles.
 The Village Blacksmith is a 1922 American drama film directed by John Ford. One of the eight reels survives at the UCLA Film and Television Archive and therefore the film is considered to be lost. It was adapted from the poem of the same name by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
 Spider and Rose is a 1994 Australian film about the relationship between an elderly lady and a young ambulance driver.Although the film was marketed as a comedy Bill Bennett says he never regarded the film as such but a serious look at how we treat the aged.
 Bonnie and Clyde is a 1967 American crime film directed by Arthur Penn and starring Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway as the title characters Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker. The film features Michael J. Pollard Gene Hackman and Estelle Parsons with Denver Pyle Dub Taylor Gene Wilder Evans Evans and Mabel Cavitt in supporting roles. The screenplay was written by David Newman and Robert Benton.
 Jack and Jill is a 2011 American comedy film co-written produced by and starring Adam Sandler and directed by Dennis Dugan who has collaborated with Sandler on many of his films.
 Flor de piolas is a 1969 Argentine film.
 The Thing that Couldn't Die is a 1958 American black-and-white horror film from an original screenplay by David Duncan for Universal-International Pictures produced and directed by Will Cowan.
 Seven Doors to Death is a 1944 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.The film is also known as Vanishing Corpses (American reissue title).
 The Tiger's Trail is a 1919 American adventure film serial starring Ruth Roland directed by Robert Ellis Louis J. Gasnier and Paul Hurst. A fragmentary print survives.
 The Book of Ruth: Journey in Faith is a 2009 Christian film directed by Stephen Patrick Walker. It is based on the Book of Ruth and was aired January 8 2010 on the Trinity Broadcasting Network. The film stars Dan Haggerty Lana Wood Eleese Lester Carman and Sherry Morris as Ruth.
 3 Giant Men (AKA: Captain America and Santo vs. Spider-Man; Turkish: 3 Dev Adam Turkish pronunciation: [yt͡ʃ dev adam]) is a 1973 Turkish cult action film directed by T. Fikret Uçak and written by Doğan Tamer based on the characters created by Steve Ditko Jack Kirby Stan Lee Joe Simon and Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta featuring Aytekin Akkaya as Captain America and Yavuz Selekman as Santo called to Istanbul on a special mission to stop the villainous Spider-Man and his criminal gang.
 She'll Have to Go (released in the United States as Maid for Murder) is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Robert Asher and starring Bob Monkhouse.
 Cake is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Nisha Ganatra.
 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag is a 1997 black comedy film starring Joe Pesci and David Spade. It was the directorial debut of screenwriter Tom Schulman. In 1998 the film won the Brussels International Festival of Fantastic Film's Silver Raven award.
 Mothers (Macedonian: Мајки / Majki) is a 2010 Macedonian drama film directed by Milcho Manchevski. The film was selected as the Macedonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist. It was screened in the Main Programme of the Panorama section at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Point Blank is a direct-to-video film directed by Matt Earl Beesley and starring Mickey Rourke. The film was shot on location in Fort Worth Texas.
 Crossing (also known as Keurosing) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kim Tae-gyun. It has been selected as South Korea's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. The film follows the journey of a North Korean man as he illegally leaves the country to find medicine for his sick wife portraying the many hardships of the average North Korean citizen.
 Maa (Oriya: ମା) is a 1959 Indian Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit.
 Once in a Lifetime is a 1932 Pre-code comedy film based on a play Once in a Lifetime by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart. The film was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures directed by Russell Mack and stars Jack Oakie Sidney Fox and Aline MacMahon.It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 The Tiger's Tail is a 2006 Irish film directed by John Boorman. It stars Brendan Gleeson and Kim Cattrall. The story focuses on the modern Celtic Tiger Irish economy of the late 20th century.
 Murder at Glen Athol is a 1935 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.
 Velli Vizha is a 1972 Tamil film starring Gemini Ganesan in the lead role of a protagonist.
 The Scarlet Car is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is based upon the novel The Scarlet Car by Richard Harding Davis which also was the basis of a 1923 film of the same name.
 Missing Girls is a 1936 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Argentinísima (English language:) is a 1972 Argentine musical documentary film directed by Fernando Ayala and Héctor Olivera written by Félix Luna. The film premiered on 8 July 1972 in Buenos Aires.The film consists of musical performances mostly Argentine folklore many of which are accompanied by dancing. Several sequences were filmed in scenic locations throughout the country.Argentinísima II was released the following year in 1973.
 Harikrishnans (Malayalam: ഹരികൃഷ്ണന്‍സ്) is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by Fazil and starring Mammootty Mohanlal and Juhi Chawla in the lead roles. The film received much pre-release hype due to the combined presence of Mammootty and Mohanlal after a gap of several years.Harikrishnans became a huge blockbuster in Kerala.The story follows the murder investigation of Guptan (Rajiv Menon) by the famous lawyer duo of Hari (Mammootty) and Krishnan (Mohanlal).
 Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen (Hindi: खुल्लम खुल्ला प्यार करें Urdu: کھلم کھلا پیار کریں) is a Bollywood movie starring Govinda and Preity Zinta. Due to complications the film kept on getting delayed therefore it was not released until 2005.
 Eeshwar is an Indian film directed by K. Vishwanath and Rajesh Malik and released in 1989. The movie stars Anil Kapoor Vijayshanti Saeed Jaffrey and Sadashiv Amrapurkar. The film is a remake of the Telugu film Swathi Muthyam which starred Kamal Haasan and Raadhika.
 Man of the Forest is a 1933 United States film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars Randolph Scott and Verna Hillie.The film is also known as Challenge of the Frontier (American reissue title).
 The Shipping News is a 2001 drama film directed by Lasse Hallström based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by E. Annie Proulx. It stars Kevin Spacey as the protagonist Quoyle Judi Dench as Agnis Hamm and Julianne Moore as Wavey Prowse. It also stars Pete Postlethwaite Scott Glenn Rhys Ifans Cate Blanchett Jason Behr and Gordon Pinsent.
 The Secret of the Magic Gourd (Chinese: 宝葫芦的秘密) or The Magic Gourd is a 2007 live-action movie made by Centro in co-operation with China Movie Co Ltd and Disney.The Secret of the Magic Gourd is Disney's first CGI/animation full length feature produced for the Chinese mainland market.The film has been released on DVD in the United States on January 27 2009. The English dub of the film features Corbin Bleu as the voice of the Magic Gourd.
 Choking Hazard is a 2004 Czech Republic comedy-horror film by Marek Dobeš.
 Tengers is a 2007 South African animated film written directed and produced by Michael J. Rix. It is the first full-length animation produced in South Africa and uses the claymation technique.The film is a satirical black comedy about life in post-Apartheid South Africa. Rix has said his intention was to make a film that was: Entertaining but not frivolous. Political but not preachy. Sophisticated but not alienating.
 Smash and Grab is a 1937 British comedy crime film directed by Tim Whelan and starring Jack Buchanan Elsie Randolph Arthur Margetson and Anthony Holles. A private detective is hired by an insurance company to hunt down a criminal gang on a spree of smash and grab raids on London jewellers.
 Sabhash is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000.
 Otello is a 1986 film based on the Giuseppe Verdi opera of the same name based on the Shakespeare play Othello. The film was directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starred Plácido Domingo in the title role Katia Ricciarelli as Desdemona and Justino Díaz as Iago. The Orchestra and Chorus of Teatro alla Scala were conducted by Lorin Maazel.The film premiered in West Germany on August 28 1986 and received a U.S. theatrical release on September 12 1986.
 Sarvadhikari (English title: Dictator) is a Tamil language musical film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and M. N. Nambiar as the villain. The film was released in 1951. It established Nambiar as a major star. It was the 25th film for MGR.
 The Invisible Informer is a 1946 action short film starring Linda Stirling William Henry and Adele Mara. Produced by Republic Pictures it was directed by Philip Ford and written by Gerald Adams and Sherman Lowe.
 Black Beauty was a 1921 silent movie version of Anna Sewell's novel of the same name. Black Beauty is an autobiography of a horse who tells the story of his life and of the people surrounding him. This film exists in an incomplete state with four of seven reels preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Double Impact is a 1991 American action film written and directed by Sheldon Lettich and written produced by and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme in a double role as Chad and Alex Wagner. The film was released in the United States on August 9 1991.
 La ciutat cremada (The Burnt City) is a 1976 Spanish historical film directed by Antoni Ribas.
 Saving Milly is a 2005 American drama television film stars Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood which first aired on CBS on March 13 2005. It is an adaptation of Morton Kondracke's nonfiction book of the same name.
 Perdiamoci di vista (also known as Let's Not Keep in Touch) is a 1993 Italian comedy film written directed and starred by Carlo Verdone.For this film Asia Argento was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress.
 Utah is a 1945 American film directed by John English.
 To the Victor is a 1948 drama film directed by Delmer Daves. It stars Dennis Morgan and Viveca Lindfors. The plot revolves around an American who falls in love with a Nazis wife.
 Baby Take a Bow is a 1934 American comedy drama film directed by Harry Lachman. The screenplay by Philip Klein and Edward E. Paramore Jr. is based on the play Square Crooks by James P. Judge. Shirley Temple plays the child of an ex-convict (James Dunn) trying to make a better life for himself and his family. The film was a commercial success and is critically regarded as pleasant and sentimental. A musical number features Dunn and Temple.
 All Rounder is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Mohan Kumar. It stars Kumar Gaurav and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 November is a 2004 American psychological thriller film first screened at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival. It stars Courteney Cox as Sophie a photographer whose life begins to unravel following a traumatic incident on November 7 that involved her boyfriend played by James LeGros.
 Caesar the Conqueror (Italian: Giulio Cesare il conquistatore delle Gallie) is a 1962 Italian film directed by Tanio Boccia.
 Barricade is a 1939 adventure film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Alice Faye Warner Baxter Charles Winninger Arthur Treacher and Keye Luke.
 Scarecrows is a 1988 horror film directed by William Wesley.
 Sasural is a 1984 Hindi movie produced by Biswanath Prasad Shahabadi and directed by Govind Moonis. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Arun Govil Bharat Bhushan Arvind Deshpande Gulshan Grover Sadhana Singh and Dina Pathak. The music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 The Black Bird is a 1975 film released December 25 1975 starring George Segal and Stéphane Audran. It is a comedy sequel to the well-regarded 1941 film version of The Maltese Falcon with Segal playing Sam Spade's son Sam Spade Jr. and Lee Patrick and Elisha Cook Jr.
 Alien Hunter is a 2003 television science-fiction-thriller film directed by Ron Krauss and stars James Spader Carl Lewis and Leslie Stefanson.
 Clear Skies (Russian: Чистое небо translit. Chistoe nebo) is a 1961 Soviet romance film directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It won the Grand Prix (in a tie with Kaneto Shindo's The Naked Island) at the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever is an American horror film about a high school prom that descends into sheer panic when a deadly flesh-eating virus spreads via a popular brand of bottled water. The film was directed by Ti West and stars Giuseppe Andrews and Noah Segan. It is a sequel to the 2002 movie Cabin Fever.
 Dilwaala is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Murali Mohan Rao starring Mithun Chakraborty Smita Patil Meenakshi Sheshadri Sarika Suresh Oberoi Supriya Pathak Gulshan Grover and Pran.
 For other uses see Devil's Playground (disambiguation).The Devil's Playground is a 1976 semi-autobiographical film by Australian director Fred Schepisi. It tells the story of a boy growing up and going to school in a Catholic seminary. Its focus is on the trials of the flesh and the tensions that arise for both priests and students from the religious injunction to control one's sexuality.
 Hell's House is a 1932 American drama film starring Junior Durkin featuring Bette Davis and directed by Howard Higgin. The screenplay by Paul Gangelin and B. Harrison Orkow set during the waning days of the Prohibition era is based on a story by Higgin.
 See No Evil is a 2006 slasher film directed by Gregory Dark written by Dan Madigan produced by Joel Simon and starring professional wrestler Kane (Glenn Jacobs). It is the first major film produced by WWE Films and was released by Lions Gate Entertainment on May 19 2006.The film went through many different working titles before the final title of See No Evil was chosen.
 Tip Toes is a 1927 British silent film comedy-drama directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Dorothy Gish and Will Rogers. The film is a loose adaptation of the stage musical Tip-Toes with the action transferred from Florida to London.
 You I Love (Russian: Я люблю тебя; Ya lyublyu tebya) is a 2004 Russian comedy melodrama directed by Olga Stolpovskaja and Dmitry Troitsky. It was the first ever film to come from Russia on the subject of homosexuality or bisexuality.
 Charlie Chan's Chance is a 1932 murder mystery film the third to star Warner Oland as detective Charlie Chan. It is based on the novel Behind That Curtain by Earl Derr Biggers who also contributed to the film. The film is considered to be lost.
 La Venere dei pirati internationally released as Queen of the Pirates is a 1960 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 La vie de Jésus (English: The Life of Jesus) is the 1997 debut feature film by director Bruno Dumont. It was the winner of the prestigious BFI Sutherland Trophy Camera d’Or at Cannes the Prix Jean Vigo and European Discovery of the Year at the European Film Awards.Freddy: unemployed with learning difficulties and epilepsy drives around on a motorbike and experiences his first sexual encounters in the rather depressing fields of the countryside of northern France.
 Remember Me is a 1985 Australian TV movie about a women pursued by her ex-husband.
 The Poison Tasters is a 1995 American drama film directed by Ulrik Theer. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a 1941 screwball comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock written by Norman Krasna and starring Carole Lombard and Robert Montgomery. It also features Gene Raymond Jack Carson Philip Merivale and Lucile Watson.While Hitchcock later claimed he directed the film—the only pure comedy he made in America—as a favor to Lombard the files at RKO Radio Pictures show that Hitchcock himself pursued the project.
 The Little Snob is a 1928 part-talkie comedy from Warner Bros. Pictures. It had Vitaphone sound effects and music. Currently this is a lost film.
 Neecha Nagar (Hindi: नीचा नगर; English: Lowly City) is a 1946 Hindi film directed by Chetan Anand. Written by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas it was a pioneering effort in social realism in Indian cinema and paved the way for many such 'parallel cinema' films by other directors many of them written by Abbas.
 Tilt (Bulgarian: Тилт) is a 2011 Bulgarian drama film directed by Viktor Chouchkov. The film was selected as the Bulgarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Sommokadidi Sokokadidi (Telugu: సొమ్మొకడిది సోకొకడిది) is a 1978 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao. Kamal Haasan plays a double role as an honest doctor and a happy go luck youth. He was paired with Jayasudha and Roja Ramani. The film was well supported by Prabhakar Reddy Sarathi Pandari Bai Kanta Rao Ramaprabha and C. S. Rao. This was the first film of Singeetam Srinivasa Rao and Kamal Haasan together.
 Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease (Polish: Życie jako śmiertelna choroba przenoszona drogą płciową) is a 2000 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. It was Poland's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It won the Golden St. George at the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Antaheen (English: The Endless Wait) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury. The film stars Radhika Apte Rahul Bose Mita Vashisth Aparna Sen Kalyan Ray and Sharmila Tagore.
 The Ace of Scotland Yard was a 1929 Universal movie serial. It was the first partial sound serial released by Universal Pictures (although the 69th serial released including the silent serials).Universal announced this as the first talking serial but that title is generally agreed to belong to Mascot Pictures' The King of the Kongo (1929). It was released in both sound and silent versions. The serial is presumed to be lost.
 Four Adventures of Reinette and Mirabelle (French: Quatre aventures de Reinette et Mirabelle) is a 1987 French film directed by Éric Rohmer lasting 102 minutes and starring Joëlle Miquel Jessica Forde Philippe Laudenbach.
 Alkohol (English:Alcohol) is a 1919 German silent drama film directed by Ewald André Dupont and Alfred Lind and starring Wilhelm Diegelmann Ernst Rückert and Georg H. Schnell. The film was begun by Lind but finished by Dupont. It was his first major melodrama and represented a breakthrough in his career. The film's theme and setting foreshadow much of his later work. It was one in a series of Enlightenment films examing social issues which were produced around the time.
 A Rich Man's Plaything was a 1917 American silent drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. The film starred Valeska Suratt in her final film role. A Rich Man's Plaything is now considered lost. It is one of many silent films that were destroyed in a fire at Fox's film storage facility in Little Ferry New Jersey in July 1937.
 Magic Tree House (マジック・ツリーハウス) is a 2011 Japanese anime drama film based on the American children fantasy series of the same name. The film is directed by Hiroshi Nishikiori and the film's screenplay was adapted from the Japanese version of the novel series Magic Tree House by Ichiro Okouchi. The film stars actress Keiko Kitagawa as Jack and also stars child actress Mana Ashida as Annie.Magic Tree House debuted at the 24th Tokyo International Film Festival on 23 October 2011.
 Reverend Billy and the Church of Stop Shopping is the title of the first feature length documentary film about the actor and performance artist Reverend Billy. The film was produced and directed by the filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios. The film debuted on the festival circuit in August 2002 at the Chicago Underground Film Festival.
 Sleuth is a 2007 thriller film directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Jude Law and Michael Caine. The screenplay by Harold Pinter is an adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's Tony Award-winning play Sleuth. Caine had previously starred in a 1972 version where he played Law's role against Laurence Olivier.
 Queen of Hearts is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jon Amiel.
 Slicker Vs. Killers is a 1991 Hong Kong action comedy film produced directed by and starring Sammo Hung.
 The Day the Ponies Come Back is a 2000 film directed by Jerry Schatzberg.
 A Chinese Ghost Story II (倩女幽魂 II：人間道) is a 1990 Hong Kong romantic comedy-horror film directed by Ching Siu-tung and produced by Tsui Hark. It is the sequel to A Chinese Ghost Story and is followed by A Chinese Ghost Story III.
 The Suspicions of Mr Whicher is a 2011 television film made by ITV and starring Paddy Considine in the title rôle of Jack Whicher. It is based on the real-life Constance Kent murder case of 1860 as interpreted by Kate Summerscale in her novel The Suspicions of Mr Whicher or The Murder at Road Hill House (2008). A follow-up the fictional story The Suspicions of Mr Whicher: The Murder In Angel Lane was filmed in early 2013 and was broadcast on 12 May 2013.
 Christine is a 1958 film based on the novel Liebelei by Arthur Schnitzler. The film was directed by Pierre Gaspard-Huit and the title character was played by Romy Schneider. The cast included Alain Delon as a young lieutenant.Schnitzler's play had been filmed in 1933 by Max Ophüls as Liebelei starring Romy Schneider's mother Magda Schneider.
 In the Name of Love: A Texas Tragedy is a 1995 American film loosely based on the tragic story of Mississippi's Delta Prince Ralph Hand III and his ex-wife Olivia Browning.
 Sadanandante Samayam is a 2003 Malayalam film by Akku Akbar starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan.
 For Angela is a 1993 short docudrama co-directed by Daniel Prouty and Nancy Trites Botkin dramatizing the experiences of Rhonda Gordon and her daughter Angela who were the victims of racist harassment on a Winnipeg city bus. This Native mother and daughter were verbally assaulted by three teenage boys at a bus stop with the boys then continuing their racist insults aboard the bus. The following day Gordon went to the boys' school met the principal and confronted the offenders.
 What I Have Written is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by John Hughes. It was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Mrs. Santa Claus is a 1996 television musical starring Angela Lansbury as the wife of Santa Claus. The musical score for Mrs. Santa Claus was written by Jerry Herman the composer of such hit Broadway musicals as Hello Dolly! and La Cage aux Folles.
 Americano is a 2005 American film. The film stars Joshua Jackson Leonor Varela Timm Sharp Ruthanna Hopper and Dennis Hopper. It was written and directed by Kevin Noland.
 Mieskuoro Huutajat (Men's Choir Shouters) is an internationally famous shouting choir from Oulu Finland. They were established in 1987 and originally comprised 20 shouting men since expanded to 30.Led by conductor Petri Sirviö the choir is best known for their loud renditions of Finnish patriotic songs but have also performed foreign tunes such as The Star-Spangled Banner.
 Blood Feast also known as La noche de los mil gatos (Night of a Thousand Cats) is a 1972 horror exploitation film by Mexican writer/director René Cardona Jr.. It was released in the United States in 1974.
 Jayam Manade Raa (Telugu: జయం మనదేరా) is a 2000 Tollywood film which was written and directed by N. Shankar. It starred Venkatesh and Soundarya in the lead roles. The film went on to be a big hit. This film was dubbed in Hindi as 'Dum Man Of Power'.
 Den nye lensmannen (English: The new sheriff) is a 1926 Norwegian drama film directed by Leif Sinding starring Haakon Hjelde. The new sheriff (lensmann) hides a secret: he is actually a gypsy (tater). He tricks money from the locals but he also helps two lovers unite.
 Krishna Aur Kans is a 2012 Hindi computer-animated film produced and distributed by Reliance Entertainment. It was directed by Vikram Veturi. It was tax free in six states at the time of his release and released in HindiTamilTelugu and English.A new mobile game was also launched on the occasion of Janmashtami after being inspired from film.It was the widest ever released animation movie in India.
 Everything Is Illuminated is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Liev Schreiber and starring Elijah Wood and Eugene Hütz. It was adapted from the novel of the same name by Jonathan Safran Foer and was the debut film of Liev Schreiber both as a director and as a screenwriter.
 The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave (Italian: La notte che Evelyn uscì dalla tomba) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Emilio Miraglia. It was released in 1971.
 Screamers is a 2006 documentary by director Carla Garapedian conceived by Peter McAlevey and Garapedian and produced by McAlevey..
 Gallagher's Travels is a 1986 Australian TV movie about an investigative journalist.
 Blood Compact is a 1972 Filipino action film starring former Philippine President Joseph Estrada.
 The Wedding (Russian: Свадьба translit. Svadba French: La noce) is a 2000 French-Russian comedy film directed by Pavel Lungin. It was entered into the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Most Wanted is a 1997 film starring Keenen Ivory Wayans (who also wrote the film) and Jon Voight.
 Heading for England or Richting Engeland is a 1992 Dutch film directed by André van Duren.
 Janma Janmada Anubandha (Kannada: ಜನ್ಮ ಜನ್ಮದ ಅನುಬಂಧ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada Thriller - drama film directed co-produced and scripted by Shankar Nag. The film has an ensemble cast including Ananth Nag Shankar Nag Jayanthi Jayamala and Manjula in the lead roles.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by Ilaiyaraja considered evergreen hits.
 Kaalai (Tamil: காளை; English: Bull) is a 2008 action film directed by Tharun Gopi. The film stars Silambarasan with Vedhika Lal Sangeetha and Seema in supporting roles. Previously the original lead cast Madhavan had dropped out of the project as did Trisha Krishnan. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. Early reports claimed the title were set to be Chennaiyil Irundhu Madhurai Mosamanavan and Agaradhi.
 Dead Heart is a 1996 Australian film. It was written and directed by Nick Parsons and starred Bryan Brown Angie Milliken Ernie Dingo Aaron Pedersen and John Jarratt.
 The Off Season is a 2004 independent horror film directed by James Felix McKenney and produced by Larry Fessenden's Glass Eye Pix. It was filmed in Old Orchard Beach Maine and distributed through Lionsgate Home Entertainment.
 Rodney Steps In is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Guy Newall and starring Richard Cooper Elizabeth Allan Walter Piers and Leo Sheffield. A carefree aristocrat becomes involved with a woman suspected of murder - and assists her in proving her innocence.
 Be My Wife is a 1921 silent comedy film written directed and starring Max Linder.
 Muthalali is a 1965 Malayalam language film directed by M. A. V. Rajendran. It stars Prem Nazir Adoor Bhasi T. S. Muthaiah and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. Muthalali is inspired by the Tamil language film of the same name.The Tamil film Muthalali (1957) produced by M. A. Venu and directed by ‘Muktha’ Sreenivasan made on a small budget was a huge hit. The film won the National Award for the best Feature Film in the regional language category.
 Felice...Felice... is a 1998 Dutch drama film directed by Peter Delpeut.
 Boxboarders! is a 2007 independent comedy film written and directed by Rob Hedden and starring among others Marieh Delfino Melora Hardin Dale Midkiff Michelle Pierce and The Lizardman.
 Ellame En Rasathan is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by Rajkiran. The film features Rajkiran Sangita and Roopa Sri in lead roles. The film produced by Rajkiran had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 April 1995. The film was a hit at the box-office.
 Un Idilio de estación is a 1978 Argentine film.
 The Bay of Love and Sorrows is a 1998 novel by David Adams Richards. It was adapted into a film in 2002.
 Hard to Be a God (Russian: Трудно быть богом translit. Trudno byt' bogom) is a 2013 Russian science fiction film directed by Aleksei German. Based on the novel Hard to Be a God by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.Filming processed since autumn 2000 (Czech Republic) up to 3 August 2006 (Lenfilm studios Saint Petersburg Russia). After the lengthy editing and post-production stage the film was premiered at the 2013 Rome Film Festival (out of competition).
 Paying the Price: Killing the Children of Iraq is a 2000 Carlton Television documentary written and presented by John Pilger which was directed by Alan Lowery. In this documentary Pilger argues that UN sanctions had a devastating effect on the children of Iraq during the 1990s.
 The Phantom Carriage (Swedish: Körkarlen) is a 1958 Swedish horror film directed by Arne Mattsson. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival. It is based on the Selma Lagerlöf novel Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness! and is a remake of the 1921 film.
 The Gentleman Bandit retitled after theatrical release as Gentleman B. is a crime-drama film by producer-director Jordan Alan released in 2002. It was based on the life story of real-life reformed thief Charles Mattera.
 El Profesor Tirabombas is a 1972 Argentine film.
 Looney Tunes Showcase: Volume 1 is a Blu-ray disc announced by Warner Home Video. It was released on January 10 2012. It contains 25 Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies and numerous supplements. It is a separate release of Disc 1 of the Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 1. This will be the series for Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons in standard Blu-ray cases. It is unknown if there will be a volume 2 release.
 Drei Unteroffiziere is a 1939 German film.
 CQ is a 2001 film written and directed by Roman Coppola. It was screened out of competition at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.It is a homage to 1960s European spy/sci-fi spoofs like Barbarella and Danger: Diabolik and the documentary spoof David Holzman's Diary. The cinematography is done by Robert D. Yeoman. The film stars Jeremy Davies Jason Schwartzman Giancarlo Giannini Gérard Depardieu Billy Zane and Angela Lindvall.
 Sin's Pay Day is a 1932 crime film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed is a 2012 war film set during the invasion of Southern France in World War II. It was directed by Ryan Little written by Lamont Gray and Lincoln Hoppe and starring Corbin Allred David Nibley and Jasen Wade. The film's story has no relation to the events or characters portrayed in the 2003 war film Saints and Soldiers although both films feature actor Corbin Allred and share a director.
 East Side Stories is a 2010 Hungarian drama film which was composed of four short films each with a different director.
 Mammo is a film by Shyam Benegal released in 1994. It stars Farida Jalal Surekha Sikri Amit Phalke and Rajit Kapur.The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi in 1995. Farida Jalal won Filmfare Critics Award for Best Performance while Surekha Sikri won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress.
 Dead Easy is a 1982 Australian film set in Kings Cross Sydney about rival Sydney gangs.
 The Plague (also known as Clive Barker's The Plague) is a 2006 horror film directed by Hal Masonberg and written by Masonberg and Teal Minton; it was also co-produced by Clive Barker.
 The Ladies Man is a 2000 American comedy film that stars actor comedian and former Saturday Night Live cast member Tim Meadows. It was directed by Reginald Hudlin. The movie focuses on the exploits of radio host and sex therapy expert Leon Phelps.
 Her Kind of Man is a 1946 American crime film noir directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Dane Clark Janis Paige and Zachary Scott.
 Son of d'Artagnan (Italian:Il figlio di d'Artagnan) is a 1950 Italian historical adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Carlo Ninchi Gianna Maria Canale and Franca Marzi.
 Kaajal is a 1965 Bollywood film produced by Pannalal Maheshwari and directed by Ram Maheshwari. The film stars Meena Kumari Dharmendra Raaj Kumar Padmini Helen Durga Khote Tun Tun Mehmood and Mumtaz. The films music is by Ravi.The film is adapted from Gulshan Nanda's novel Maadhavi by Phani Majumdar with Kidar Sharma writing the dialogues. The film was declared as Hit on the Box office and was enlisted in Top 20 film of 1965.
 Saturday's Millions is a 1933 American film. Alan Ladd has an uncredited role.
 The Courtship of Miles Standish is a 1923 American silent epic historical romantic drama film produced by and starring Charles Ray Enid Bennett and E. Alyn Warren. Directed by Frederick Arthur Sullivan the film is based on the famous Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 1858 poem The Courtship of Miles Standish. No known prints of the film exist and it is now presumed lost.
 Jo Jo Dancer Your Life Is Calling is a 1986 semi-autobiographical film starring Richard Pryor. This was the first and only feature film he directed (although he is credited as such on the screen version of Richard Pryor: Here and Now).
 Bulan tertusuk ilalang is a 1995 award winning Indonesianfilm directed by Garin Nugroho. Nugroho won the FIPRESCI Prize Forum of New Cinema at the Berlin International Film Festival in 1996.
 Satan's Sadists (also known as Nightmare Bloodbath) is a 1969 biker film directed by Al Adamson and starring Russ Tamblyn.
 Bright Young Things is a 2003 British drama film written and directed by Stephen Fry. The screenplay based on the 1930 novel Vile Bodies by Evelyn Waugh provides satirical social commentary about the Bright Young People: young and carefree London aristocrats and bohemians as well as society in general in the late 1920s through to the early 1940s.
 A Bankrupt Honeymoon is a 1926 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Home Alone is a series of family comedy films directed by Chris Columbus (1–2) Raja Gosnell (3) Rod Daniel (4) and Peter Hewitt (5). The first two films Home Alone (1990) and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992) were based on the adventures of a boy named Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) who during the course of the film gets burglars Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) arrested by using booby traps.
 Faat Kiné is a 2000 Senegalese film written and directed by Ousmane Sembène set in present-day Dakar Senegal. It provides a critical look at modern post-colonial Senegal and the place of women in that society. It gives a clear glimpse into life of the Senegalaise middle-class and presents present-day Dakar in all of its contradictions of poverty and wealth tradition and modernity.
 Pori (English: Sparks) is a 2007 Tamil film directed by Subramaniam Siva. Subramaniam Siva who rendered his debut Thiruda Thirudi a 2004 runaway blockbuster. This film has Jiiva in the lead and Pooja as his lady love. It has been dubbed in hindi as Naya Zalzala.The film met with negative reviews and turned out to be a box office bomb.
 Jezioro Bodenskie is a 1986 Polish film directed by Janusz Zaorski. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1986 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Beauty and the Beast (also known as Blood of Beasts) is a 2005 film which is based on the folktale Beauty and the Beast and is set during the time of the Vikings.
 La Parda Flora is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Morgan Stewart's Coming Home is a 1987 comedy film starring Jon Cryer Viveka Davis Paul Gleason Nicholas Pryor and Lynn Redgrave. The screenplay was written by Ken Hixon and David N. Titcher. The film was also released as Home Front and Homefront Riviera in some countries. The film was directed by Paul Aaron/Terry Winsor but upon release the director was listed as Alan Smithee a name often used when directors ask to remove their names from a picture.
 The House of the Devil is a 2009 horror film written directed and edited by Ti West starring Jocelin Donahue Tom Noonan and Mary Woronov. It combines elements of both the slasher film and haunted house subgenres while using the satanic panic of the 1980s as a central plot element.
 It's Never Too Late is a 1956 British comedy film directed by Michael McCarthy and starring Phyllis Calvert Patrick Barr Susan Stephen and Guy Rolfe. It was based on a play by Felicity Douglas.
 Skills Like This is a 2009 comedy film directed by Monty Miranda written by Spencer Berger and distributed by Shadow Distribution released theatrically on March 20 2009. The DVD released on November 17 2009 and the Premium Cable premiere on Starz and Starz On Demand 1.1. 2010. It stars Berger Gabriel Tigerman Kerry Knuppe and Brian D. Phelan.
 Manoranjan is a 1974 Indian Hindi film directed by Shammi Kapoor. It is a remake of Irma La Douce. Sanjeev Kumar plays Jack Lemmon's role Zeenat Aman Shirley MacLaine's and Shammi Kapoor plays Lou Jacobi's. Hotel Casanova is called Hotel Mauj!.
 All the Boys Love Mandy Lane is a 2006 American horror/thriller film directed by Jonathan Levine and starring Amber Heard Michael Welch Whitney Able and Anson Mount.
 The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue is a 1998 direct-to-video animated film produced by MGM Animation and the sequel to the 1982 animated film The Secret of NIMH. In the film Timothy Brisby the youngest son of Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father. Martin is missing and it is up to Timmy and his partner Jenny to confront him and get the rats back.
 My Mighty Princess (Hangul: 무림여대생; RR: Mulim Yeodaesaeng lit. 'The impossible female student') is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kwak Jae-yong.
 The Cord of Life is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 One Thrilling Night is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine. The film is also known as Horace Takes Over (American TV title) with working titles being Do Not Disturb and Army Bride.
 3 Magic Words is a 2010 documentary film about spirituality. The film was written directed and produced by Michael Perlin and co-produced by Maura Hoffman. The film was produced over four years. The lead is played by Gabriella Ethereal and the film is narrated by Cameron Smith. The film premiered in the U.S. at the Harmony Gold Theater in Hollywood and had its European premiere in London on December 21 2012 at the Odeon West End in Leicester Square.
 Notre Paradis (Our Paradise) is a 2011 French film written and directed by Gaël Morel.
 Welcome Home Roxy Carmichael is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Winona Ryder and Jeff Daniels.
 Red Rock West is a 1993 neo-noir film directed by John Dahl. It was written by Dahl and his brother Rick and shot in Montana and Willcox Arizona. The film was well received at the prestigious Toronto Film Festival but deemed a cable and direct-to-video product by Columbia Tri-Star which owned the North American rights.
 ...à la campagne is a French film directed by Manuel Poirier released 5 April 1995.
 Aga Bai Arrecha! is a Marathi film by director Kedar Shinde loosely based on the Hollywood film What Women Want. It was released in 2004. The film highlights the life and the problems of a common man living in a metropolitan city like Mumbai. His greatest difficulty is to answer the question What women want? until he gets blessed by the kuldevi of his village and gets a special ear for women.
 Kathputli (Hindi: कठपुतली; Urdu: کٹھپتلی ‎; translation: Puppet) is a 1957 Pygmalion Black-and-white Social Hindi film produced by Ajit Chakraborty and Amiya Chakrabarty with their Sreerangam Production. The film was the last film of director Amiya Chakrabarty who had earlier directed Basant Daag and Seema. He died during the filming and Nitin Bose took up the mantle of the director in the film.
 Abandon de poste is a 2010 film.
 Ill wind (French: Vent mauvais) is a 2007 French film written and directed by Stéphane Allagnon. Sent to repair the computers at a supermarket in a town hit by a storm a technician discovers some unusual things and is faced with difficult decisions.
 A Final Reckoning is a 1928 American Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor. The film is considered to be lost. It is based on a novel by G. A. Henty.
 The Christmas Toy is a 1986 Emmy Award nominated ABC TV movie directed by Eric Till and produced by The Jim Henson Company featuring Jim Henson's Muppet including Rugby the Tiger who remembers how he was the Christmas Toy last year and thinks he's going to be unwrapped again this year. The film which originally aired on December 6 1986 was sponsored by Kraft Foods.Originally introduced by Kermit The Frog it was released on VHS format in 1993.
 A Friend to Die For (also known as Death of a Cheerleader in the UK) is a 1994 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham. Written by Dan Bronson the film is based on Randall Sullivan's Rolling Stone magazine article concerning the real-life murder of a high school girl by her jealous classmate. Kirsten Costas a fifteen-year-old cheerleader at Miramonte High School was killed by less popular classmate Bernadette Protti in 1984. The film was the highest-rated TV movie of 1994.
 A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge is a 1985 American slasher film and the second film in the Nightmare on Elm Street film series. The film was directed by Jack Sholder and stars Mark Patton Kim Myers Robert Rusler and Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger. It is the sequel to A Nightmare on Elm Street and is followed by A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors.
 The Cannonball Run is a 1981 comedy film starring Burt Reynolds Roger Moore Dom DeLuise Farrah Fawcett and an all-star supporting cast. It was directed by Hal Needham produced by Hong Kong's Golden Harvest films and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. One of 1981's most successful films at the box office it was followed by Cannonball Run II (1984) and Speed Zone! (1989). This and the 1984 sequel were the final film appearances of actor Dean Martin.
 Free Willy: Escape from Pirate's Cove is a 2010 direct-to-video family film and the fourth and final installment in the Free Willy series. It stars Beau Bridges and Bindi Irwin. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 23 March 2010 in the United States. It was released on 2 August in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The film is not connected in any way to the first three movies and is considered to be a reboot of the series.
 Veendum Lisa is 1987 Malayalam horror film. It is a sequel to the 1978 film Lisa.
 Ferocious Planet (released on DVD in some places as The Other Side) is a 2011 television film co-produced by Syfy and MNG films. It was filmed on location in Ireland. It is the 24th film of the Maneater Series.
 Sri Krishna 2006 (Telugu: శ్రీ క్రిష్ణ 2006) is a 2006 Telugu film directed by Vijayendra Prasad and produced by D. Ramanaidu. The film stars Srikanth Venu Thottempudi Ramya Krishna and Gowri Munjal in the lead roles.
 His Jonah Day is a 1920 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Scene No: 001 is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Snehajith starring Saiju Kurup Roopasree Niyas and Priyanandanan in the lead roles.
 Brigade des mœurs (French: Vice Squad) (1985) is a French B movie by Max Pécas. It was released in the United States on DVD as Brigade of Death.
 Andhi Mayakkam is a 1981 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Banudasan for producer A.V.Raja Reddiyar. The film stars Vanitha Krishnachandran in the lead role.
 Doctor Love or Dr. Love is a Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by K. Biju. The film was produced by Joy Thomas Sakthikulangara and stars Kunchacko Boban Bhavana Ananya Manikkuttan Rejith Menon Salim Kumar and others. The music of the film was arranged by Vinu Thomas. Maxlab Studios and Entertainment distributed the film. It was released on September 9 2011.
 Samantha is a 1992 American film starring actress Martha Plimpton. Though at the time already a film actress for nearly ten years this was the first vehicle in which Plimpton was the star. The film co-starred Dermot Mulroney Hector Elizondo Mary Kay Place and Ione Skye. It was a commercial failure with mixed critical review.The film was released in the fall and promoted as a romance blockbuster. A soundtrack/score album was released in anticipation of success that never came.
 The Winning Ticket is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Charles Reisner. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer the film stars Leo Carrillo Louise Fazenda and Ted Healy.
 Loose Shoes (also known as Coming Attractions and Quackers) is a 1980 comedy film directed by Ira Miller and featuring Bill Murray. The film is presented as a series of movie trailers with titles such as The Howard Huge Story Skate-boarders from Hell and The Invasion of the Penis Snatchers. The film was shot around 1977 and only released years later in 1980 probably to capitalize on Bill Murray's success as a box office film star.
 Seven Girlfriends is a 1999 romantic comedy film starring Tim Daly.
 The Battle of Gettysburg is a 1955 American documentary film about the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards.The documentary was filmed in Eastmancolor entirely on location at the Gettysburg National Military Park in south-central Pennsylvania. Leslie Nielsen provides narration while songs from the Civil War era are played in the background with the sound effects of battle.
 Bhai Jaan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1 Jan 1945 in Bombay. Directed by Syed Khalil. The actors were Karan Dewan Noorjahan Anees Khatoon Meena Shah Nawaz Ansari and Nazir. It was a family drama made under a banner of United Films. The print has been lost now. 1945.
 Bandini (Hindi: बन्दिनी Urdu: بندِنی translation: Imprisoned) is a 1963 Hindi drama film directed and produced by Bimal Roy the man who directed classics like Do Bigha Zameen and Devdas.
 Falling overnight is a 2010 American drama film directed by Conrad Jackson and written by Parker Croft Aaron Golden and Conrad Jackson. Falling Overnight stars Parker Croft and Emilia Zoryan
 Panithuli (English: Dew Drops) is a 2012 Tamil action film directed by Natty Kumar and Dr. Jay starring Ganesh Venkatraman Kalpana Pandit and Shobana. The film was released on 10 August 2012. It received a lot of negative reviews. The film was shot in Hindi.
 Detained is a 1924 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 Jawab is a 1942 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fourth highest grossing Indian film of 1942.
 The Hatter's Ghost (French: Les Fantômes du chapelier) is a 1982 film directed by Claude Chabrol. It is based on the 1947 novel Le Petit Tailleur et le Chapelier by Georges Simenon. The film takes place in Brittany and was shot in the towns of Concarneau and Quimper.
 The Smart Set (1928) is a silent film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer directed by Jack Conway and starring William Haines Jack Holt and Alice Day. Haines plays a self-centered polo player who has to redeem himself after he is kicked off the U.S. team.
 Die geheimnisvolle Villa is a 1914 short silent German film directed by Joe May and featuring Werner Krauss.
 Destruction Force (originally titled La banda del trucido also known as Dirty Gang) is a 1977 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Stelvio Massi.
 Deathstalker IV: Match of Titans is a 1991 sword and sorcery fantasy film. It is the fourth and final film in the Deathstalker tetralogy.
 Between Friends is a 1973 Canadian crime film directed by Donald Shebib. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Body of War is a 2007 documentary portraying Iraq War veteran Tomas Young. Bill Moyers Journal featured a one hour special about Body of War including interviews with filmmakers Ellen Spiro and Phil Donahue.
 Dam 999 is a 2011 3-D science fiction disaster film. It is an English language UAE-Indian co-production film produced by BizTV Network UAE and directed by Sohan Roy. The film is based on the award winning short documentary DAMs - The Lethal Water Bombs. and the Banqiao dam disaster of 1975 that claimed the lives of 250000 people in China and anticipated calamity for outdated dams in the world. The film falls in the category of an emotional thriller.
 Mother (Russian: Мать Mat) is a 1926 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin depicting one woman's struggle against Tsarist rule during the Russian Revolution of 1905. The film is based on the 1906 novel The Mother by Maxim Gorky.In this film the mother of Pavel Vlasov is pulled into the revolutionary conflict when her husband and son find themselves on opposite sides during a worker's strike.
 Atlantis is a 1913 Danish silent film directed by August Blom the head of production at the Nordisk Film company and was based upon the 1912 novel by Gerhart Hauptmann. It starred an international cast headlined by Danish matinée actor Olaf Fønss and Austrian opera diva Ida Orloff. The film was the first Danish multi-reeled feature film.
 Loafing and Camouflage (Greek: Λούφα και Παραλλαγή Lufa ke Paralayi/L&C) (1984) is a Greek cult comedy classic motion picture directed by Nikos Perakis. It was followed by the 1987 motion picture Bios kai Politeia (Life and Doings) bringing the characters in a post-20 year reunion. In 2005 Loafing and Camouflage: Sirens in the Aegean was released bearing no relation to the first installment; instead telling the story of a modern-day Army company.
 Golden Soak is a 1979 Australian mini series about an English mining engineer who travels to Australia.
 Amor en el aire (English language:Love in Flight) is a 1967 romantic comedy film a co-production between Spain and Argentina directed and written by Luis César Amadori with Jesús María de Arozamena.
 Heat (Russian: Жара stylized as ЖАRА) is a 2006 Russian teen romantic comedy loosely based on the I Step Through Moscow directed by Rezo Gigineishvili and produced by Fyodor Bondarchuk. Heat along with Wolfhound became one of the most expensive Russian films in 2006. Besides its budget was three times less as compared to the advertising campaign.
 I tembelides tis eforis kiladas is a Greek film directed by Nikos Panayotopoulos. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1978 Locarno International Film Festival.
 NongJungJo (농중조 Nongjungjo) is a 1926 Korean film. Future writing/directing/acting star Na Woon-gyu appeared in this film just before his breakthrough in Arirang (1926).
 Tenderly (internationally released as The Girl Who Couldn't Say No also known as Il suo modo di fare) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Brusati. It was referred as a successful attempt to refresh the American sophisticated comedy with themes and sensibilities of today and its style was paired to Frank Capra's.
 Allari Alludu is a 1993 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and produced by D.Sivaprasad Reddy under Kamakshi Art Movies. The film stars Nagarjuna Nagma and Meena in the lead roles. The film was remade in Kannada as Gadibidi Aliya.
 The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1946 drama-film noir based on the 1934 novel of the same name by James M. Cain. This adaptation of the novel features Lana Turner John Garfield Cecil Kellaway Hume Cronyn Leon Ames and Audrey Totter. It was directed by Tay Garnett with a score written by George Bassman and Erich Zeisl (the latter uncredited).This version was the third filming of The Postman Always Rings Twice but the first under the novel's original title and the first in English.
 The Sun Moon Legend also known as The Young Moon Legend is a 1980 Taiwanese film adapted from Xinyue Chuanqi of Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series. The film was directed by Wang Yu and starred Meng Fei as the lead character.
 Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1986 American comedy-drama film which tells the intertwined stories of an extended family over two years that begins and ends with a family Thanksgiving dinner. The film was written and directed by Woody Allen who stars along with Mia Farrow as Hannah Michael Caine as her husband and Barbara Hershey and Dianne Wiest as her sisters.The film's ensemble cast also includes Carrie Fisher Maureen O'Sullivan Lloyd Nolan Max von Sydow and Julie Kavner.
 Pond Hockey is a 2008 American documentary film directed by Tommy Haines and produced by Northland Films. The film is an examination of the changing culture of pond hockey.
 Stairs of Sand is a 1929 silent film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Otto Brower and written by Agnes Brand Leahy Sam Mintz and J. Walter Ruben based on novel by Zane Grey.
 Stories of Lost Souls is a compilation of eight cinematic stories of lonely souls in unexpected situations starring many of cinema's biggest names including Josh Hartnett Hugh Jackman Keira Knightley Cate Blanchett James Gandolfini Paul Bettany Illeana Douglas and directed by eight different directors including Deborra-Lee Furness and Mark Palansky.Stories of Lost Souls was executive produced by Thomas Bannister.
 Man-Trap is a 1961 American drama film about a Korean War veteran who becomes involved in a scheme to steal $3.5 million from a Central American dictator. The film was directed by Edmond O'Brien and stars Jeffrey Hunter David Janssen Stella Stevens Elaine Devry Arthur Batanides Cortez Perry Lopez and Bernard Fein.
 House of America is a 1997 Welsh film directed by Marc Evans. The film set in a depressed Welsh mining town centres around a dysfunctional family unit of brothers Boyo and Sid their sister Gwenny and their controlling mother.
 Doing Time: Life Inside the Big House is a 1991 documentary film directed by Alan Raymond. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Una Cabaña en la pampa is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Kanmani is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Prashanth and Mohini in lead roles whilst Sujatha Lakshmi and Jaishankar play supporting roles.
 I Like Only You (French: Je n'aime que toi) is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Pierre Montazel written by Jean Montazel and starring by Luis Mariano and Louis de Funès.
 Gimme the Loot is a 2012 American comedy film written and directed by Adam Leon. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. It won the Grand Jury Prize at the SXSW Film Festival in 2012. It was released on March 22 2013 in the U.S.
 Fresno is a 1986 television comedy miniseries that parodied popular prime time soap operas of the day such as Falcon Crest Dallas and Dynasty. Starring Carol Burnett Teri Garr Charles Grodin Gregory Harrison and Dabney Coleman it chronicles the struggle of matriarch Charlotte Kensington (Burnett) to keep control of her dysfunctional family and declining raisin empire.
 Salvation Boulevard is a 2011 comedy-thriller film with religious satire undertones. It is based on the novel of the same name by Larry Beinhart.
 Stoogemania is a 1986 film about a fan of The Three Stooges. It was directed by Chuck Workman and starred Josh Mostel. The film experienced a brief theatrical release and was poorly received by critics. It has been out of print since the 1980s and has been released on VHS and Beta. It has not been released on DVD.
 Molchi grust... molchi (Russian: Молчи грусть...молчи English: Be silent sorrow...be silent) is Russian silent drama film directed by famous director Pyotr Chardynin and starring several big Russian silent film stars as Vera Kholodnaya Ossip Runitsch Vitold Polonsky and Vladimir Maksimov.This film consisted of two parts but survived just a 44 minutes long episode from the first part. However the film is very famous now due to star cast.
 For the Pearl Jam song see Around the Bend (song). For the Randy Travis album see Around the Bend (album).Around the Bend is a 2004 road movie written and directed by Jordan Roberts (VI). The film is inspired by the relationship between Roberts and the absentee criminally insane substance-abusing father he barely knew Robert Stone Jordan (born: Robert Samuel Jordan) a self-styled indie film director/producer in his later years.
 Laura's Star (German: Lauras Stern) is a 2004 German animated film produced and directed by Thilo Rothkirch. It is based on the children's book Lauras Stern by Klaus Baumgart. It was released by Warner Bros. Family Entertainment.
 Psychos in Love is a 1987 American black comedy horror film directed by Gorman Bechard.
 Beauty and the Breast (Chinese: 豐胸秘Cup) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Raymond Yip and starring Francis Ng Michelle Reis and Daniel Wu.
 Club Havana is a 1945 American drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. It was produced and released by independent film company Producers Releasing Corporation. It has been compared to the 1933 film Grand Hotel.
 The Back to the Future franchise is an American science-fiction adventure comedy film series written and directed by Robert Zemeckis produced by Bob Gale and Neil Canton for Amblin Entertainment and distributed by Universal Pictures. The main plot follow the adventures of a high school student Marty McFly (Michael J. Fox) and an eccentric scientist Dr. Emmett L.
 Ghundi Run is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Pervez Rana and this film was released across theaters in Pakistan on October 14 2007.
 The Family Jewels is a 1965 American comedy film. It was filmed from January 18-April 2 1965 and was released by Paramount Pictures on July 1 1965. The film was co-written directed and produced by Jerry Lewis who also played seven roles in the film. Lewis' co-star Donna Butterworth made only one other film Paradise Hawaiian Style with Elvis Presley. Gary Lewis & The Playboys have a cameo singing their current hit This Diamond Ring
 A Cross the Universe is a 2008 documentary film about the French electronic music duo Justice directed by Romain Gavras So Me and Justice themselves.
 Raakhi Ki Saugandh is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Shibu Mitra.
 Revolt of the Barbarians (Italian: La rivolta dei barbari) is a 1964 Italian film directed by Guido Malatesta.
 Flower of Evil (Italian: Fior di male) is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film was shown as part of the Silent Divas of the Italian Cinema programme at the 38th New York Film Festival in 2000.
 I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg (German:Ich hab mein Herz in Heidelberg verloren) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Arthur Bergen and starring Emil Höfer Gertrud de Lalsky and Werner Fuetterer. The title alludes to the popular 1925 song I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg composed by Fred Raymond with lyrics by Fritz Löhner-Beda and Ernst Neubach. The film taps into the nostalgic reputation of Old Heidelberg.
 Lanton Mills is an American comedy short film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Malick Warren Oates Harry Dean Stanton and Paula Mandel. His thesis project for the American Film Institute it was completed in 1969.
 Intiguttu or Inti Guttu (Telugu: ఇంటిగుట్టు) is a Tollywood film that released on September 14 1984 and was directed by K. Bapayya. This film had Chiranjeevi Nalini and Kaikala Satyanarayana in important roles.
 King Solomon's Treasure is a 1979 British-Canadian low-budget film based on the novel King Solomon's Mines by H. Rider Haggard. It stars John Colicos as Allan Quatermain as well as David McCallum Britt Ekland and Patrick Macnee who replaced Terry-Thomas.TV Guide had this to say about the film: The cast of seasoned veterans (McCallum Macnee Ekland) contribute embarrassingly bad performances.
 White Gold is a 1927 silent film dramatic western produced and distributed by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by William K. Howard.
 The Song of Songs (1933) is a romantic drama film starring Marlene Dietrich as a naive German peasant who moves to Berlin and suffers much heartache. It was based on the 1908 novel Das Hohe Lied by Hermann Sudermann and the subsequent 1914 play The Song of Songs by Edward Sheldon. It is a remake of the 1918 silent The Song of Songs starring Elsie Ferguson and the 1924 Lily of the Dust with Pola Negri.
 Mean Tricks (original name: Hornsby e Rodriguez - Sfida criminale) is a film produced in Italy and directed by Umberto Lenzi. Released in 1992 it starred Charles Napier and Stefano Sabelli.A recently retired FBI agent (Hornsby) goes to South America to find his old partner because rumors are that the old partner has become a criminal. The former partner is killed.
 Barney's Musical Castle also called Barney's Musical Castle LIVE and El Castillo Musical de Barney (Spanish) was Barney's 4th concert and his second US tour. The tour began in September 8 1999 and the video was released in 2001. In this stage show tour Barney Baby Bop BJ and kids go to the forest to visit the king. The home video was taped at the Rosemont Theater.
 Just Gold is a 1913 American short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Banana Joe is a 1982 Italian-German action-comedy film starring Bud Spencer.
 American Me is a 1992 biographical crime drama film produced and directed by Edward James Olmos his first film as a director and written by Floyd Mutrux and Desmond Nakano. Olmos also stars as the film's protagonist Montoya Santana. Executive producers included record producer Lou Adler screenwriter Mutrux and Irwin Young. It depicts a fictionalized account of the founding and rise to power of the Mexican Mafia in the California prison system from the 1950s into the 1980s.
 Tomorrow Is Forever is a 1946 black-and-white romance film distributed by RKO Radio Pictures directed by Irving Pichel starring Claudette Colbert Orson Welles and George Brent. The music score is by Max Steiner. The film features young Richard Long and the eight-year-old Natalie Wood in their first credited acting roles.
 Kanto Wanderer (関東無宿 Kantō mushuku aka The Woman Sharper and Kanto Vagabonds) is a 1963 Japanese yakuza film directed by Seijun Suzuki and starring Akira Kobayashi Chieko Matsubara Daizaburo Hirata and Hiroko Itō. It was a programme picture produced by the Nikkatsu Company to fill out the second half of a double bill with Shohei Imamura's The Insect Woman.
 Under the Domim Tree (Hebrew: עץ הדומים תפוס‎) is a 1994 Israeli film based on the 1992 book by Gila Almagor of the same name.
 Lustful Wife in Black: Aching (欲情喪服妻　うずく Yokujō Mofukutsuma: Uzuku) is a 2005 Japanese pink film directed by Minoru Kunizawa. It won the award for Seventh Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Band and Battalion of the U.S. Indian School is silent film documentary made on April 30 1901 by American Mutoscope and Biograph Company made in Carlisle Pennsylvania USA. The cinematographer was Arthur Marvin. It depicts a parade drill by the cadet corps of the American Indian School which includes many representatives of the Native American tribes in the United States. The head of the parade was the renowned Carlisle Band [1] of the Carlisle Indian Industrial School.
 Flames is a 1926 American drama film directed by Lewis H. Moomaw and featuring Boris Karloff. One reel of the feature survives at the Library of Congress.
 The Wisdom of Crocodiles (also released as Immortality) is a 1998 romantic thriller by Po-Chih Leong starring Jude Law. It is based on the book of the same name by Paul Hoffman.
 My Wife is an Actress (Orig. Ma Femme est une actrice) is a French Romantic Comedy/Drama film starring Yvan Attal and Charlotte Gainsbourg. Attal plays a journalist who becomes obsessively jealous when his actress wife gets a part in a movie with an attractive co-star. Attal also wrote and directed the film. The film stars Terence Stamp among others. This film is also highly biographic as Yvan and Charlotte are a real life couple staring from 1991 currently having 2 children.
 Médico de guardia (Doctor on Call) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 The Blue and the Gray is a television miniseries that first aired on CBS in three installments on November 14 November 16 and November 17 1982. Set during the American Civil War the series starred John Hammond Stacy Keach Lloyd Bridges and Gregory Peck as President Abraham Lincoln. It was executive produced by Larry White and Lou Reda in association with Columbia Pictures Television then owned by The Coca-Cola Company.
 Little Miss Thoroughbred is a 1938 film directed by John Farrow.
 Carnage is a 2011 comedy film co-written and directed by Roman Polanski based on the play God of Carnage by French playwright Yasmina Reza. The film is an international co-production of France Germany Spain and Poland.
 Love and Other Disasters is a 2006 romantic comedy produced by Ruby Film Europa Corp. and Skyline Films presented at the Toronto International Film Festival. In 2008 it had its UK premiere in London as the gala screening for the BFI 22nd London Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. The director and producer were in attendance.
 Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch is a 1934 American comedy-drama film directed by Norman Taurog and based on the 1901 novel of the same name by Alice Hegan Rice. The film stars Broadway stage actress Pauline Lord in one of only two films she appeared in. Zasu Pitts and W. C. Fields appear in supporting roles. The 1934 version is the third film adaption of the novel. The first film version was released in 1914 starring Blanche Chapman.
 Lemonade Mouth is a 2011 musical drama film based on the book of the same name by Mark Peter Hughes. The film was directed by Patricia Riggen and written by April Blair and stars Bridgit Mendler Adam Hicks Hayley Kiyoko Naomi Scott and Blake Michael. The Disney Channel Original Movie tells the story of five high school students who meet in detention and form a band to stand up for their beliefs and to overcome their individual and collective struggles.
 Know Thy Child is a 1921 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is considered a lost film.
 Waltz of the Toreadors is a 1962 film directed by John Guillermin and based on the play of the same name by Jean Anouilh with the location changed from France to England. It stars Peter Sellers and Dany Robin. It was nominated for a BAFTA Award in 1963.
 Taxi is a 1996 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura starring Ingrid Rubio and focusing on the emergence of far-right and racist groups in Spain during the 1990s.
 Dream of a Cossack (Russian: Кавалер Золотой Звезды translit. Kavalier zolotoy zvezdy) is a 1951 Soviet drama film directed by Yuli Raizman based on the novel The Golden Star Chavalier by Semyon Babayevsky. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Running on the Sun: The Badwater 135 is a 2000 documentary film directed by Mel Stuart. The film follows athletes as they run 135 miles in the 1999 Badwater Ultramarathon starting in California's Death Valley and ending at Whitney Portal the trailhead to Mount Whitney.The winner for the 1999 race was Eric Clifton with a time of 27 hours and 49 minutes beating the previous year winner Gabriel Flores.
 The Pauper Millionaire is a 1922 British silent comedy film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring C.M. Hallard Katherine Blair and John H. Roberts. It was based on a novel by Austin Fryers.
 Black Snake is a 1973 American film directed by Russ Meyer. It was Meyer's return to self-financed projects following the end of his brief deal at 20th Century Fox.
 Triple Trouble is a two-reel silent comedy film that was released in 1918. It starred Charlie Chaplin Edna Purviance and Leo White. This film was not an official Chaplin film even though it has many Chaplin directed scenes; it was edited together out of outtakes and newly shot footage by the Essanay Film Manufacturing Company with Leo White as director for the new scenes.
 The Breach (French: La Rupture) is a 1970 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol based on the novel The Balloon Man by Charlotte Armstrong. The film was also known as The Breakup at times in its release in the United States. The film had a total of 927678 admissions in France.
 Closet Land is a 1991 independent film written and directed by Radha Bharadwaj. It stars Madeleine Stowe as a young author of children's books and Alan Rickman as a ruthless interrogator.
 The Arch (Chinese: 董夫人; pinyin: Dǒng fūrén) is a 1968 Hong Kong drama film directed by Tang Shu Shuen. The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Touch And Go is a 1986 comedic drama film starring Michael Keaton María Conchita Alonso and Ajay Naidu.
 Ancient Evil: Scream of the Mummy is a Horror movie released in 2000 directed by David DeCoteau. The movie is also known as Bram Stoker's Legend of the Mummy 2. It was followed by a sequel Ancient Evil 2: Guardian of the Underworld released in 2005. In England the film was the subject of a consumer complaint regarding its BBFC classification. The movie was shot in Mexico in four days.
 Bush Christmas is a 1947 Australian-British comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring Chips Rafferty. It was one of the first movies from Children's Entertainment Films later the Children's Film Foundation.
 Vande Mataram (Telugu: వందేమాతరం) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by T.Krishna and produced by Babu Rao Pokuri. The film stars Rajasekhar Vijayashanti and Rajendra Prasad in the lead roles.
 Ram Robert Rahim is a 1980 Telugu film directed by Vijaya Nirmala and stars her husband Krishna as Robert Rajinikanth as Ram and Chandra Mohan as Rahim. Anjali Devi plays their mother. Sridevi plays Robert's girlfriend. The film is a remake of the Hindi hit film Amar Akbar Anthony (1977) starring Amitabh Bachchan Vinod Khanna & Rishi Kapoor.
 Tora-san the Intellectual (男はつらいよ 葛飾立志篇 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Katsushika Risshihen) aka Tora-san Meets a Lady Scholar is a 1975 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Fumie Kashiyama as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san the Intellectual is the sixteenth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Ultraman Story (ウルトラマン物語(ストーリー) Urutoraman Sutōrī) is a 1984 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film directed by Koichi Takano and produced by Tsuburaya Productions. The film features the kaiju superhero Ultraman.
 Uccidete Johnny Ringo (internationally released as Kill Johnny Ringo) is a 1966 Italian western film directed by Gianfranco Baldanello. It is the film debut in the spaghetti western genre for Brett Halsey.
 Thavasi (Tamil : தவசி) is a 2001 Tamil action film directed by Udaya Shankar starring Vijayakanth in dual role with Soundarya Jayasudha and Nassar playing other pivotal roles.
 Doing His Bit is a 1917 British silent comedy film directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring George Robey and Marjorie Hume and Howard Boddey. It was one of a number of films featuring Robey one of the leading music hall stars of the era.
 As God Made Her (Dutch: Zoo als ik ben) is a 1920 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 The Marine 3: Homefront (also known as The Marine 3 and The Marine: Homefront) is a 2013 American action film starring Mike The Miz Mizanin and directed by Scott Wiper. The film was released on direct-to-DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on March 5 2013. It is a sequel to The Marine starring John Cena and The Marine 2 starring Ted DiBiase Jr.
 Rice and Rasam (ಅನ್ನ ಸಾರು) is a 52 minutes documentary film produced by Rajiv Mehrotra of the PSBT or the Public Service Broadcasting Service in the year 2012. It is directed by Ramchandra PN under a fellowship that is awarded by PSBT for the year 2011-2012. The film is about the nomadic life style of the artists of the professional theater troupes in Karnataka South India.
 La tigre dei sette mari internationally released as Tiger of the Seven Seas is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Goddess is a 2013 romantic comedy film directed by Mark Lamprell. The film stars singer Ronan Keating and Magda Szubanski.
 The Roots of Fundamentalism is a film of a discussion between world religion scholar Huston Smith and author TV host and film maker Phil Cousineau on the subject of Christian Fundamentalism. The modern emergence US Christian Fundamentalism promoted Smith to speak out and write articles on the subject.
 Kadalora Kavithaigal (Tamil: கடலோர கவிதைகள்) (English: Coastal Poems) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Satyaraj Rekha Raja Janagaraj and Kamala Kamesh and This movie is a blockbuster and remade into Telugu as Aradhana with Chiranjeevi and Suhasini. This was debut film for Rekha Raja and Ranjani.The movie was a turning point in Actor Sathyaraj's career. It successfully completed 200 days in theaters.
 Boss Engira Bhaskaran (English: Boss alias Bhaskaran) is a 2010 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh who earlier directed Siva Manasula Sakthi (2009). Starring Arya Nayantara and Santhanam in lead roles the film is produced by K. S.
 Mozart (also known as The Life and Loves of Mozart) is a 1955 Austrian drama film directed by Karl Hartl. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chain of Fools (also known by its production title Shiny New Enemies) is a 2000 heist comedy/romance film about a hapless barber named Kresk (Steve Zahn).
 Adhu (English: That) is a 2004 Tamil horror film directed by Ramesh Krishnan starring Sneha in the lead role who plays the role of a spirit possessed girl. The film that has Aravind a newcomer Suha Kazan Khan and Vijayan in supporting and Abbas in a cameo role is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong-Thai-Singaporean film The Eye which was remade later in the United States under the same title and in Hindi as Naina starring Jessica Alba and Urmila Matondkar in the lead roles respectively.
 So Young (simplified Chinese: 致我们终将逝去的青春; traditional Chinese: 致我們終將逝去的青春) is a 2013 Chinese drama film directed by Zhao Wei. It is based on the best-selling novel of the same name To Our Youth that is Fading Away by Xin Yiwu. The film is Zhao's directorial debut.The film's English-language title alludes to the song So Young by the British alternative rock band Suede from their self-titled debut album.
 Executioners from Shaolin or Hung Hsi Kuan is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung. It is released as Shaolin Executioners outside of Hong Kong and as Executioners of Death in North America.The film is a multi-generational story of revenge pitting the disciples of Shaolin temple against the historical figure of Pai Mei founder of Pai Mei kung fu. Later the movie was released on DVD by Dragon Dynasty.
 The Magnetic Monster is a 1953 independent science fiction film directed by Curt Siodmak and starring Richard Carlson King Donovan and Jean Byron.
 The Perfect Family is a 2011 film directed by Anne Renton.The film tells the story of a devoutly Catholic wife and mother Eileen (Turner) who has been nominated for one of the church's top awards. She then goes about trying to prove she has the perfect family refusing to accept them for who they are especially her lesbian daughter Shannon who marries her girlfriend Angela.It holds a 48% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 31 reviews and 5.3 rating on IMDb.
 Spoilers of the Plains is a 1951 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Rang Rasiya is a 2008 Indian drama film based on the life of the 19th-century Indian painter Raja Ravi Varma. The film is directed and co-produced by Ketan Mehta and stars Randeep Hooda Nandana Sen and a newcomer Triptha Parashar in the lead roles.
 An American Girl: Chrissa Stands Strong is the fifth film in the American Girl series starring actress and singer Sammi Hanratty. It is based on the Chrissa books in the American Girl series written by Mary Casanova.The screenplay was written by Christine Coyle Johnson and Julie Prendiville Roux. The movie was directed by Martha Coolidge. It won a 2009 Gold Award from National Parenting Publications (NAPPA).
 The Happiest Girl in the World (Romanian: Cea mai fericită fată din lume) is a 2009 Romanian film by Radu Jude. It is a part of the Romanian New Wave.
 Out of the Ruins is a lost 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. John Francis Dillon directed and Richard Barthelmess stars.
 Beru (Kannada: ಬೇರು English: Root) is a 2005 Indian Kannada language satirical film directed by P. Sheshadri starring starring Suchendra Prasad H. G. Dattatreya Neeta and M. P. Venkatarao in the lead roles.The film was awarded the National Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada at the 52nd National Film Awards
 The Branded Man is a 1918 short Western film starring Hoot Gibson.
 Pharmakon is a 2012 Albanian drama film directed by Joni Shanaj. The film was selected as the Albanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Beyond a Reasonable Doubt is a 1956 film noir directed by Fritz Lang and written by Douglas Morrow. The film stars Dana Andrews Joan Fontaine Sidney Blackmer and Arthur Franz and was the last American film directed by Lang.
 Badiaga is a 1987 drama film directed by Jean-Pierre Dikongué Pipa.
 Dance Hall was an American musical film directed by Melville Brown and written by Jane Murfin and J. Walter Ruben based on a story by Vina Delmar. It was RKO's last release of the decade and was a critical and financial flop.
 Fukssvansen (English: Chop Chop) is a 2001 film directed by Niels Arden Oplev. It stars Samy Anderson and Troels Asmussen. It won three awards in 2002.
 Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights is a 2004 American musical romance film directed by Guy Ferland. This film is a re-imagining of the 1987 blockbuster Dirty Dancing reusing the same basic plot but transplanting it from upstate New York to Cuba on the cusp of the Cuban Revolution.
 Stanley is a 1984 Australian comedy film.
 Seilama (English: The City) is a Sri Lankan film directed by H. D. Premaratne. It was released on the international circuit in 1993 and later released in Sri Lanka in 1995.
 Possessed is a 2006 Malaysian horror film starring Amber Chia and Harisu and is the second feature film by director Bjarne Wong.
 Herbstgold (English: Autumn Gold) is a 2010 German documentary film directed by Jan Tenhaven. The film is about senior athletes competing at the Worlds Masters Championships.
 The Truth About Youth is a 1930 all-talking pre-code drama with songs produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. The film stars Loretta Young Conway Tearle David Manners and Myrna Loy. It was based on the 1900 play entitled When We Were Twenty-One written by Henry V. Esmond.
 Phir Hera Pheri (Hindi: फिर हेरा फेरी) is an Indian comedy film sequel to 2000 classic Bollywood film Hera Pheri directed by Neeraj Vora. The film stars the three men from the previous film Akshay Kumar Paresh Rawal and Suniel Shetty. Bipasha Basu and Rimi Sen are the leading actresses of the film. The movie released on 9 June 2006. The movie was inspired from Guy Ritchie's Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and a sequence inspired by Charlie Chaplin's The Circus.
 Poomadhathe Pennu is a 1984 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Hariharan starring Prem Nazir M. G. Soman Raveendran Unnimary Ramu and K. P. Ummer.
 Abe Lincoln in Illinois is a 1940 biographical film which tells the story of the life of Abraham Lincoln from his departure from Kentucky until his election as President of the United States. The film stars Raymond Massey and Howard Da Silva who revived their roles from the original Broadway production of Abe Lincoln in Illinois playing Abe Lincoln and Jack Armstrong respectively. Herbert Rudley who had portrayed Seth Gale in the play also repeated his role in the film version.
 Held Up is a 1999 American comedy film starring Jamie Foxx and Nia Long.
 The Wolfman is a 2010 American remake of the 1941 classic werewolf horror film of the same name. This film's second half was significantly altered and expanded from the original film's plot. Directed by Joe Johnston the film stars Benicio del Toro Anthony Hopkins Emily Blunt and Hugo Weaving.
 The French Minister (French: Quai d'Orsay) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Bertrand Tavernier. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. In January 2014 the film received three nominations at the 39th César Awards with Niels Arestrup winning the award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Campane a martello is a 1949 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Gina Lollobrigida.
 Slaughter on Tenth Avenue is a 1957 film directed by Arnold Laven. It stars Richard Egan and Jan Sterling.The film is a story of crime on New York's waterfront. It is based on the book The Man Who Rocked the Boat an autobiography by William Keating played by Egan in the film. The book chronicles Keating's experiences as an assistant district attorney and as counsel to the New York City Anti-crime Committee.
 Murder at Site 3 is a Hammer movie from 1958 featuring the character of Sexton Blake. It stars Barbara Shelley Geoffrey Toone and John Warwick.
 Between the Knees (Hangul: 무릎과 무릎사이; RR: Muleupgwa muleupsai) is a 1984 South Korean film about a married woman who suffers from abnormal sexual tendencies which leads to her downfall.
 Gone to the Dogs is a 1939 musical comedy vehicle starring George Wallace. It was the second of two films he made for director Ken G. Hall the first being Let George Do It (1938).
 Strange Boarders is a 1938 British comedy thriller film directed by Herbert Mason for Gainsborough Pictures and starring Tom Walls Renée Saint-Cyr Googie Withers and Ronald Adam. The film is an adaptation of the 1934 espionage novel The Strange Boarders of Palace Crescent by E. Phillips Oppenheim and was well received by critics. The Los Angeles Times described it as a long series of laughs as well as thrills.
 Raam (Telugu: రామ్) is a 2006 Indian Telugu film written and directed by N.Shankar starring Nitin in the lead role Genelia D'Souza and Hrishitaa Bhatt in supporting roles and Krishnam Raju in a very vital role. The film produced by Nitin's father Sudhakar Reddy has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on 30 March 2006 to good responses.This film was dubbed into Hindi as Jeene Do
 Shadows of the Orient is a 1935 American film directed by Burt P. Lynwood.
 The Concubine (Hangul: 후궁: 제왕의 첩; RR: Hugoong: Jewangui Chub; lit. Royal Concubine: Concubine to the King) is a 2012 South Korean historical film directed by Kim Dae-seung. Set in the Joseon Dynasty it centers around Hwa-yeon (Jo Yeo-jeong) who becomes a royal concubine against her will Kwon-yoo (Kim Min-joon) a man torn between love and revenge and Prince Sung-won (Kim Dong-wook) who has his heart set on Hwa-yeon despite the countless women available to him.
 Crimson Tide is a 1995 American submarine film directed by Tony Scott produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer. It takes place during a period of political turmoil in the Russian Federation in which ultranationalists threaten to launch nuclear missiles at the United States and Japan.
 Roop Tera Mastana is a 1972 Hindi film directed by Khalid Akhtar. The film stars Jeetendra Mumtaz I. S. Johar and Pran. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 My Friend Irma is a 1949 American comedy film directed by George Marshall and is most notable as the film debut of comedy team Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. The film was released on August 16 1949 by Paramount and is based upon the CBS radio series My Friend Irma that first aired in 1947.
 Sweet Rush (Polish: Tatarak) is a 2009 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda.
 Kitten with a Whip is a 1964 crime drama with an exploitative juvenile delinquent overlay. Released through Universal the film starred John Forsythe and newcomer Ann-Margret and featured Peter Brown Patricia Barry and Richard Anderson.The film was made to publicize Ann-Margret as a serious actress. Her previous films Viva Las Vegas and Bye Bye Birdie were of the musical film genre and did little to highlight the actress's dramatic skills.
 Semillas que el mar arrastra is a 2008 documentary film.
 Cash McCall is a 1960 movie starring James Garner and Natalie Wood based upon the novel of the same name by Cameron Hawley about a man who buys businesses in order to sell them at a profit. The picture was directed by Joseph Pevney from a screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee and Marion Hargrove.
 Beyond the Fire is a 2009 British romantic drama film written and directed by Maeve Murphy and produced by Dean Silvers and Marlen Hecht.
 Talk of the Town Tora-san (男はつらいよ 噂の寅次郎 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Uwasa no Torajirō) aka Torasan and a Lovely Maid is a 1978 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Reiko Ōhara as his love interest or Madonna. Talk of the Town Tora-san is the twenty-second entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Brain of Blood (1972) also known as The Creature's Revenge The Oozing Skull and The Undying Brain is an American horror film directed by Al Adamson and starring Grant Williams Kent Taylor and Reed Hadley. The film was shot in one go and is the only one of Hemisphere Production's films to be filmed in the United States. It was also Hadley's last film appearance before his death in 1972.
 Path of Destruction is a 2005 made-for-TV TBS original film. It concerns a nanotechnology experiment gone awry.
 Pontiac Moon is a 1994 adventure film directed by Peter Medak and produced by Robert Schaffel and Youssef Vahabzadeh.The film stars Ted Danson as Washington Bellamy a pigheaded science teacher in a small California town and Mary Steenburgen as his wife Katherine. Danson was also one of 3 executive producers of the film along with Jeffrey D. Brown (co-writer) and Robert Benedetti.
 Sängkammartjuven is a 1959 Swedish comedy film directed by Göran Gentele. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Victim is a 2011 American film directed written and starring Michael Biehn and produced and co-starring Jennifer Blanc.The film was produced and shot in Los Angeles in 2010. Most of the principal photography took place in the Topanga Canyon close to Malibu California.
 Eyes Wide Open (Hebrew: עיניים פקוחות‎ translit. Einayim Pkuhot) is a 2009 Israeli film. This script was written by the Israeli script-writer Merav Doster. It is the first film of the Israeli film director Haim Tabakman. The film was released in the UK on May 14 2009 by Peccadillo Pictures The film was co-produced in Israel France and Germany.
 One Heavenly Night (1931) is an American film produced by Samuel Goldwyn released through United Artists and directed by George Fitzmaurice. The plot here revolves around a poor-but-honest flower girl who agrees to impersonate an opera star. This film brought Goldwyn his worst reviews and largest financial loss ($300000) since going independent in 1923. Fortunately the profits from Whoopee! (1930) more than made up the difference. The entire film is available online.
 Thalaimagan is a 2006 Tamil film starring Sarath Kumar Nayanthara Seema Biswas Vadivelu Mukesh Tiwari and Vijayakumar. This film marked Sarath Kumar's directorial debut and for whom the film was also his 100th starrer. The film was a huge failure and received a lot of negative criticism.
 Second Wife is a 1936 film.
 Libido is a 1973 Australian drama film comprising 4 segments written and directed as independent stories but screened together as one piece exploring a common theme of instinctive desire and contemporary sexuality.John B.
 Road to Paradise is a 1930 all-talking pre-code drama film produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and starring Loretta Young Jack Mulhall and Raymond Hatton. It was directed by William Beaudine and is based on a 1920 Dodson Mitchell play called Cornered. The film was a remake of a 1924 silent version entitled Cornered which was also directed by William Beaudine.
 Hell in Normandy (Italian title: Testa di sbarco per otto implacabili French title: Tête de pont pour huit implacables) is a 1968 French/Italian international co-production World War II film directed by Alfonso Brescia.
 Ek Phool Do Mali is a 1969 Indian Bollywood film directed by Devendra Goel. The film took the third top spot at the box office in 1969. Balraj Sahni earned a Filmfare nomination as Best Supporting Actor. The story was written by Mushtaq Jalili.
 Without Men is a 2011 film directed by Gabriela Tagliavini based on the novel Tales from the Town of Widows by James Cañón.
 Hotel Lux is a period film directed by Leander Haußmann and released in 2011. The tragicomedy begins in Nazi Germany and moves to the Soviet Union. Narrated by main character Hans Zeisig the picture draws on numerous historical facts and personalities of this era.
 Tamanna is an upcoming Pakistan's first neo-noir 2014 film directed by a British director Steven Moore and produced by Sarah Tareen starring Omair Rana Salman Shahid Mehreen Raheel and Faryal Gohar. Prior to release the film won an award at the London Asian Film Festival for its catchy soundtrack sung by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. The film incorporates elements of dark humour melodrama crime passion and revenge and is based on Anthony Shaffer’s play Sleuth.
 What Women Want is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Josh Goldsmith Cathy Yuspa and Diane Drake directed by Nancy Meyers and starring Mel Gibson and Helen Hunt. The movie was a box office success with a domestic gross of US$182811707 and a worldwide gross of $374111707 against a budget of $70 million.
 Dinoshark is a 2010 low budget Syfy horror film. It was shown on Syfy on March 13 2010.
 Identikit (also known as The Driver's Seat) is a 1974 film directed by Giuseppe Patroni Griffi.Based on the novella The Driver's Seat by Muriel Spark it is a psychological drama starring Elizabeth Taylor Ian Bannen and featuring Andy Warhol.
 The Nanny Diaries is a 2007 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus. Written and directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini it stars Scarlett Johansson Chris Evans and Laura Linney; and was produced by Richard N. Gladstein.
 Mad at the Moon is a 1992 American horror and western film written and directed by Martin Donovan.
 Out of a Clear Sky is a lost 1918 silent film romance-drama starring Marguerite Clark and directed by Marshall Neilan. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed.
 Sohni Mahiwal is a 1984 Indian Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra and produced by F C Mehra. It stars Sunny Deol and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
 Lulu is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Mo Dil To Deewana is an oriya film released on 1 January 2013 in orissa India. This film is based on romantic love story directed by Alka Nanda.
 The Clinging Vine is a 1926 silent film produced by Cecil B. DeMille and Paul Sloane and directed by Sloane. It was distributed by DeMille's Producers Distributing Corporation. The film is based on a 1922 Broadway play by Zelda Sears. A starring vehicle for Leatrice Joy who left Paramount along with DeMille when he formed his own distributing company PDC. This film is preserved at the Library of Congress and is available on the DVD.
 Neeli Saali is a 1960 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Il futuro è donna (internationally released as The Future Is Woman) is a 1984 Italian drama film directed and written by Marco Ferreri.The film entered the competition at the 41° Venice International Film Festival.
 The Donner Party is a 1992 documentary film that traces the history of the Donner Party an ill-fated pioneer group from Springfield Illinois to Sutter's Fort California - a disastrous journey of 2500 miles made famous by the tales of cannibalism the survivors told upon reaching their destination. The film narrated by David McCullough premiered at the Telluride Film Festival in September 1992 and aired on PBS as part of the American Experience program in October 1992.
 Double Cross: Ek Dhoka is a 2005 Bollywood film starring Negar Khan and Sahil Khan her ex-husband. Negar Khan plays the role of the wife who is the bread-winner of the family. Ayesha Jhulka is Sonia who coerces her husband to be a gigolo.
 Lady from Chungking is a 1942 American War film.
 Clockwork is a 1978 American short horror film directed by Sam Raimi starring Scott Spiegel and Cheryl Guttridge.
 Dim Sum Funeral is a 2008 comedy/drama film. It was directed by Anna Chi and stars Kelly Hu Bai Ling Russell Wong Steph Song and Talia Shire.
 Alaska Wilderness Lake is a 1971 documentary film produced by Alan Landsburg. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Sob Charitro Kalponik (Bengali: সব চরিত্র কাল্পনিক All Characters are Imaginary) also known as Afterword is a 2009 Bengali film by Rituparno Ghosh. The film stars Bipasha Basu and Prosenjit Chatterjee. This film is selected for the 30th Durban International Film Festival and won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali. '09
 Radio Free Albemuth (2010) is an American film adaptation of the science fiction novel Radio Free Albemuth by author Philip K. Dick which was written in 1976 and published posthumously in 1985. The film is written directed and produced by John Alan Simon and stars Alanis Morissette in a lead role. Filming began in October 2007 in and around Los Angeles.
 Clapham Junction is a 2007 British television film written by Kevin Elyot. Directed by Adrian Shergold the film centers on the experiences of several gay men during a 36 hour period in the Clapham area of London and the consequences when their lives collide. It was first broadcast on Channel 4 on 22 July 2007 repeated on 1 September 2009 and later released on DVD on Region 1.
 The Debt is a 2011 American/British drama-thriller film directed by John Madden from a screenplay by Matthew Vaughn Jane Goldman and Peter Straughan. It stars Helen Mirren Sam Worthington Jessica Chastain Ciarán Hinds Tom Wilkinson Marton Csokas and Jesper Christensen. It's a remake of the 2007 Israeli film Ha-Hov directed by Assaf BernsteinOriginally scheduled for a December 2010 release the film was released in the United States on August 31 2011.
 Search for Paradise is a 1957 American documentary film shot in Cinerama.
 Waxworks (German: Das Wachsfigurenkabinett) is a 1924 German silent fantasy-horror film directed by Paul Leni.
 The Water Margin also known Outlaws of the Marsh and Seven Blows Of The Dragon is a 1972 Hong Kong film adapted from the Chinese classical novel Water Margin. It was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and directed by Chang Cheh.
 Friday the 13th is a 2009 American slasher film directed by Marcus Nispel and written by Damian Shannon and Mark Swift. The film is a reboot of the Friday the 13th film series which began in 1980 and the twelfth installment in the franchise. Nispel also directed the 2003 remake of Tobe Hooper's The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974) while Shannon and Swift wrote the screenplay for the 2003 crossover Freddy vs. Jason.
 Gloria Fatalis is a 1922 Dutch silent film directed by Johan Gildemeijer.
 Deadheads is a 2011 American zombie comedy film co-directed co-written and co-produced by Brett Pierce and Drew T. Pierce. It stars Michael McKiddy and Ross Kidder as sentient zombies who go on a road trip.
 A Cottage on Dartmoor (a.k.a. Escape from Dartmoor) is a 1929 British silent film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Norah Baring and Uno Henning. It was the last of Asquith's four silent films produced exactly on the cusp of the transition from silents to talkies in British cinema a point which is referenced in the film itself.
 Image of Death is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a woman who likes to live off other people's money.
 Different From The Others (German: Anders als die Andern) is a German film produced during the Weimar Republic. It was first released in 1919 and stars Conrad Veidt and Reinhold Schünzel.The story for Anders als die Andern was co-written by Richard Oswald and Dr.
 Born in East L.A. is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Cheech Marin of the Cheech & Chong comedy team.The film is about a Mexican-American from East Los Angeles who is mistaken for an undocumented immigrant and deported. It is based on a 1984 novelty parody song of Bruce Springsteen's Born in the U.S.A. and I Love L.A. by Randy Newman. Written by Marin and released on the 1985 Cheech & Chong album Get Out of My Room the parody was made a music video the same year.
 The Master Cracksman is a 1914 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Short Cuts is a 1993 American comedy-drama film directed by Robert Altman. Filmed from a screenplay by Altman and Frank Barhydt it is inspired by nine short stories and a poem by Raymond Carver. Substituting a Los Angeles setting for the Pacific Northwest backdrop of Carver's stories the film traces the actions of 22 principal characters both in parallel and at occasional loose points of connection.
 Jim the Penman is a 1915 silent film crime drama produced by the Famous Players Film Company and released through Paramount Pictures. This film is the first movie of the famous stage mystery. The film was directed by Edwin S. Porter and starred stage actor John B. Mason in his debut film keeping in line with Adolph Zukor's efforts to recruit famous stage actors for films. Co-starring with Mason was young up and coming favorite Harold Lockwood.
 Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22 (English translation: You're my bro & I'm your bro) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Amit Prasher. The film features Amrinder Gill and Yo Yo Honey Singh in the lead roles as two spoilt rich brothers alongside Mandy Takhar.The film released on 25 January 2013 and did good business at the box office completing verdict of semi-hit.
 Déjà Vu is a 2006 American action thriller film with elements of science fiction directed by Tony Scott produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and co-written by Bill Marsilii and Terry Rossio. The film stars Denzel Washington and Paula Patton as the main characters with Jim Caviezel Val Kilmer Adam Goldberg Bruce Greenwood and Matt Craven in supporting roles.
 Appayya (Kannada: ಅಪ್ಪಯ್ಯ) is a 2013 Kannada romance film written directed and co-produced by S. Narayan. He has also scored the music for the film. It is produced under Bhagyavathi Combines. Srinagar Kitty and Bhama are in the lead roles. All songs have been arranged and programmed by Dharma Vish who has also composed the background music.After much delay in finding the release date the film finally made its premier across Karnataka on September 13 2013.
 Zor Lagaa Ke...Haiya! is a 2009 Indian children's film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Mahesh Manjrekar. The film attracted media attention for its environmental message of Save our Trees. Amitabh Bachchan narrated the film.
 The Swinging Confessors (Italian: Il prete sposato also known as Intimacy and The Married Priest) is a 1970 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marco Vicario.
 2081 is a 2009 science fiction short film which premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29 2009. It is directed and written by Chandler Tuttle based on the short story Harrison Bergeron by author Kurt Vonnegut. The cast is led by James Cosmo Julie Hagerty and Armie Hammer with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra.
 The Nudist Story is a 1960 British film set at a nudist colony.
 The Messenger is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Hollywood or Bust is a 1956 film comedy starring the team of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. The picture was filmed from April 16 to June 19 1956 and released on December 6 1956 by Paramount Pictures almost five months after the Martin and Lewis partnership split up.
 Play Me a Love Song (Croatian: Pjevajte nešto ljubavno) is a Croatian comedy film directed by Goran Kulenovic. It was released in 2007.
 Into the West is a 1992 Irish fantasy film about Irish Travellers written by Jim Sheridan and directed by Mike Newell.Into the West was one of several major films to come from Ireland during the 1990s including the likes of My Left Foot The Miracle The Commitments The Boxer The Playboys In the Name of the Father and The Crying Game. The film also received several awards for Best Film Best European Film and Outstanding Family Foreign Film.
 Aching Wives: Continuous Adultery (うずく人妻たち　連続不倫 Uzuku Hitozumatachi: Renzoku Furin) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Akira Fukuhara. A producer for Shintōhō Aching Wives: Continuous Adultery was Akira Fukuhara's directorial debut. Fukuhara filmed Aching Wives: Continuous Adultery for Haikyū production studio and it was released theatrically in Japan by Shintōhō on December 26 2006. For this film Fukuhara was chosen Best New Director at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Love Does Grow on Trees is a short comedy film written & directed by Bevan Walsh and produced by Geraldine Patten. The film stars Luke Ward-WilkinsonEl Krajewski and Tom Brooke.
 Daybreak is a 1948 British film noir drama film directed by Compton Bennett and starring Eric Portman Ann Todd and Maxwell Reed. A sombre bleak film Daybreak was filmed in 1946 but ran into trouble with the BBFC resulting in a delay of almost two years before its release.
 2-Headed Shark Attack is a horror film by The Asylum released on January 31 2012 in the United States. The film stars Carmen Electra Charlie O'Connell and Brooke Hogan. The film premiered September 8 2012 on Syfy.
 Gunasundari Katha (Telugu: గుణసుందరి కథ) was a 1949 Telugu film directed by Kadiri Venkata Reddy and starring Sriranjani in the title role as Gunasundari. It is loosely based on the William Shakespeare's King Lear and his three daughters. Sri Tulasi Jaya Tulasi song by P. Leela was a hit with public and sung by housewives even today.
 Good Evening Mr. Wallenberg (Swedish: God afton Herr Wallenberg - En Passionshistoria från verkligheten) is a 1990 film about Swedish World War II diplomat Raoul Wallenberg who was instrumental in saving the lives of thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust. He is played by Stellan Skarsgård.The film won four awards at the 26th Guldbagge Awards: Best Film (Katinka Faragó) Best Direction (Kjell Grede) Best Screenplay (Kjell Grede) and Best Cinematography (Esa Vuorinen).
 Centre Stage (Chinese: 阮玲玉; pinyin: ruǎn líng yù; Cantonese Yale: yun5 ling4 yuk6) also known as Actress and Yuen Ling-yuk is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Stanley Kwan.The film is based on a true story: the tragic life of China's first prima donna of the silver screen Ruan Lingyu. This movie chronicles her rise to fame as a movie actress in Shanghai during the 1930s.
 Destination Anywhere: The Film is an American film inspired by and featuring music and concepts from Jon Bon Jovi's second solo record Destination Anywhere. The film and album was released in June 1997. The film stars Jon Bon Jovi and Demi Moore as a young couple struggling with alcoholism and the death of their young child. Directed by Mark Pellington the film debuted on both MTV and VH1 in 1997 and also stars Kevin Bacon Whoopi Goldberg and Annabella Sciorra.
 Husbands Beware is the 167th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 This Is England is a 2006 British drama film written and directed by Shane Meadows. The story centres on young skinheads in England in 1983. The film illustrates how their subculture which has its roots in 1960s West Indian culture especially ska soul and reggae music became adopted by white nationalists which led to divisions within the skinhead scene.
 Ram Rajya is a 1943 Bollywood historical film directed by Vijay Bhatt with Prem Adib and Shobhna Samarth in the lead roles of Rama And Sita.
 Daadshah دادشاه is a 1983 Iranian film made in memories of Mir Dad Shah of Baluchestan.
 Seethanam is a 1995 Tamil crime film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film features Prabhu Sangita and Ranjitha in lead roles. The film produced by T. Siva had musical score by Deva and was released on 24 November 1995.
 Bear is a natural horror Z movie directed by John Rebel and stars Patrick Scott Lewis and Katie Lowes. The film was released on June 4 2010 in the United Kingdom.
 The Lucky Ones is a 2008 American Comedy-Drama with a road movie plot directed by Neil Burger. The screenplay by Burger and Dirk Wittenborn focuses on three United States Army soldiers who find themselves drawn together by unforeseen circumstances.
 A Swedish Love Story (Swedish: En kärlekshistoria) is a 1970 Swedish romantic drama directed by Roy Andersson starring Ann-Sofie Kylin and Rolf Sohlman as two teenagers falling in love. Inspired by the Czechoslovak New Wave the film was Andersson's feature film debut and was successful in Sweden and abroad.
 Lost in Beijing (Chinese: 苹果; literally apple) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yu and starring Tony Leung Ka-fai Fan Bingbing Tong Dawei and Elaine Jin. It had its international premiere at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival on February 16 2007.
 Scaramouche (1923) is a silent costume adventure based on the novel by Rafael Sabatini directed by Rex Ingram released by Metro Pictures and starring Ramón Novarro Alice Terry Lewis Stone and Lloyd Ingraham.The film has been restored and airs on Turner Classic Movies.
 Black Gunn is a 1972 blaxploitation film starring Jim Brown and Martin Landau and directed by Robert Hartford-Davis.
 Rockshow is a 1980 concert film by Paul McCartney and Wings filmed during the band's 1976 North American tour. The film features 30 songs from four concerts of the tour: New York on 25 May (four songs); Seattle Washington 10 June (five songs); and Los Angeles California 22 June (fifteen songs) and 23 June 23 (six songs). Both the cover of the home video release and McCartney himself in his intro to McCartney Years DVD acknowledge only the Seattle concert however.
 Sopravvissuti della città morta (Survivors of the Dead City) or Ark of the Sun God is a 1983 Italian action film adventure of the Raiders of the Lost Ark genre starring David Warbeck. It was directed by Antonio Margheriti. The film was partly filmed and produced in Turkey.
 Shahanpan Dega Deva is Marathi movie released on 21 January 2011. The movie has been produced by Mirah Entertainment Pvt. Ltd and directed by Sudesh Manjrekar. The plot of the movie is a comical ride as the city’s safety rests on the shoulders of 5 lunatics from a mental asylum.
 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie starring Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey. It is based on a short cartoon book of the same name by Michele Alexander and Jeannie Long.
 ¡Suicídate mi amor! (Kill Yourself My Love!) is a 1961 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Egg! Egg! A Hardboiled Story (Swedish: Ägget är löst! alternative title The Softening of the Egg) is a 1975 Swedish black comedy film directed by Hans Alfredson starring Gösta Ekman Max von Sydow and Birgitta Andersson. Alfredson won the award for Best Director at the 11th Guldbagge Awards.
 Sadda Haq (English translation: Our Right) is a Punjabi movie based in the late 1980s and early 1990s during a period of extreme turmoil in Punjab. It portrays what prompted young men in the state to rise up and fight against a corrupt police and government system. The film evoked polarising reactions even before it was released with sections of the Sikh community saying that it depicted the real face of police atrocities.
 Calcutta is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by John Farrow and written and produced by Seton I. Miller. The drama features Alan Ladd Gail Russell and William Bendix.
 Mandarin Mix-Up is a 1924 American comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Stan Laurel.
 Neapolitan Mystery (Italian: Giallo napoletano) is a 1979 Italian mystery film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
 Holy Smoke! is a 1999 Australian drama film directed by Jane Campion who co-wrote the screenplay with her sister Anna. It premiered at the Venice Film Festival and was shown at the New York Film Festival and the Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival before being released theatrically.
 H2O (1929) is a short silent film by photographer Ralph Steiner. It is a cinematic tone poem showing water in its many forms.In 2005 H2O was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 The Libertine is a 2004 British drama film directed by Laurence Dunmore in his first outing and adapted by Stephen Jeffreys' from his play of the same name starring Johnny Depp John Malkovich Samantha Morton and Rosamund Pike.Depp stars as John Wilmot 2nd Earl of Rochester a notorious rake and libertine poet in the court of King Charles II of England. Samantha Morton plays Elizabeth Barry an actress whose budding talent blossoms and makes her much in demand under Rochester's tutelage.
 Rejuvenatrix (aka The Rejuvenator) is a 1988 horror film starring Vivian Lanko and John MacKay and directed by Brian Thomas Jones. The film was partly inspired by the 1959 science fiction film The Wasp Woman which had been produced and directed by Roger Corman. The original title was Rejuvenatrix although it has become more popularly known as The Rejuvenator this included the UK and Brazil.The film was Vivian Lanko's debut appearance.
 Resident Evil: Retribution is a 2012 American-Canadian-German science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson.
 Pokémon: The Movie 2000 originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters the Movie: Revelation Lugia (劇場版ポケットモンスター 幻のポケモン ルギア爆誕 Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Maboroshi no Pokemon Rugia Bakutan lit. Mirage Pokémon: Lugia's Explosive Birth) is a 1999 Japanese animated film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama as the second Pokémon feature-length film complementing the Orange Islands saga of the series and featuring several new Pokémon including Lugia and Slowking.
 Bondi Tsunami is a 2004 feature length Australian indie film directed by Rachael Lucas inspired by young Japanese tourists who come to Australia on working holiday visas in search of sun and surf. The film plays as a road movie about Japanese surfing culture told through a series of extended montages set to music interspersed with poetic zen musings. Much of the film's dialogue is in Japanese with little English spoken despite the Australian setting.
 Arali is an upcoming Tamil film produced and directed by Subbaraj. The film stars Subbaraj Mathusudhanan Manjula Rathod. Music for the film is composed by G.S. John.
 for others with the same name see Outcast (disambiguation)Outcast is a 1937 American film directed by Robert Florey. Warren William plays a Baltimore doctor accused of murder. Although acquitted he becomes a pariah and his practice is ruined so he transplants himself to a small Wisconsin town.
 Rabid Grannies (originally Les Mémés Cannibales) is a 1988 Belgian horror film directed by Emmanuel Kervyn.
 The Gunfighter is a 1950 western film starring Gregory Peck Helen Westcott Millard Mitchell and Karl Malden (resuming his film career after a three year hiatus). This film was directed by Henry King. It was written by screenwriters William Bowers and William Sellers with an uncredited rewrite by writer and producer Nunnally Johnson from a story by Bowers and screenwriter and director André de Toth.
 Shivam is a 2002 Malayalam action film directed by Shaji Kailas. Biju Menon appears in the leading role as Bhadran K. Menon (Biju Menon) a tough police officer who is on a fight against Medayil Devarajan a smuggler cum politician played by Saikumar. Kausalya Ratheesh Rajan P. Dev N. F. Varghese Subair T.P Madhavan Baburaj and Babu Nambothiri appears in other prominent roles.
 Lolly-Madonna XXX (aka The Lolly-Madonna War) is a 1973 film directed by Richard C. Sarafian. The film was co-written by Rodney Carr-Smith and Sue Grafton based on the novel The Lolly-Madonna War by Grafton.
 The Squatter's Daughter is a 1910 Australian silent film based on the popular play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan.
 Shakespeare in Love is a 1998 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by John Madden written by Marc Norman and playwright Tom Stoppard. The film depicts a love affair involving Viola de Lesseps (Gwyneth Paltrow) and playwright William Shakespeare (Joseph Fiennes) while he was writing the play Romeo and Juliet. The story is fiction though several of the characters are based on real people.
 To Kill a Man is a 2014 Chilean-French drama film written and directed by Alejandro Fernández Almendras. The film premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014. It won the Grand Jury Prize at the festival.On January 29 it premiered at 2014 International Film Festival Rotterdam and won the KNF Award. The film later screened at the 2014 Miami International Film Festival in The Knight Competition on March 10 2014.
 So Long at the Fair (US re-release title The Black Curse) is a 1950 British thriller film directed by Terence Fisher and Anthony Darnborough and starring Jean Simmons and Dirk Bogarde. It was adapted from the 1947 novel of the same name by Anthony Thorne. The general story is a version of what appears to be a 19th-century urban legend which has inspired several fictional works.
 Amour (pronounced: [a.muʁ]; French for Love) is a 2012 French-language drama film written and directed by the Austrian filmmaker Michael Haneke starring Jean-Louis Trintignant Emmanuelle Riva and Isabelle Huppert. The narrative focuses on an elderly couple Anne and Georges who are retired music teachers with a daughter who lives abroad. Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on one side of her body.
 Autumn in New York is a 2000 American romantic drama film directed by Joan Chen and starring Richard Gere Winona Ryder and Anthony LaPaglia. Written by Allison Burnett the film is about a successful middle-aged restaurateur and womanizer who falls in love with a sweet young woman who is terminally ill.
 Marvin's Room is a 1996 American drama film based on the play of the same name by Scott McPherson. The play which was directed by David Petrarca was adapted for the screen by McPherson and directed by Jerry Zaks. McPherson died of AIDS in 1992.It stars Meryl Streep Leonardo DiCaprio Diane Keaton Robert De Niro Hume Cronyn Gwen Verdon Hal Scardino and Dan Hedaya. Original music for the film was composed by Rachel Portman.
 Fiamme sul mare is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.
 Alien is a 1979 American science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Skerritt Sigourney Weaver Veronica Cartwright Harry Dean Stanton John Hurt Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. The film's title refers to a highly aggressive extraterrestrial creature that stalks and kills the crew of a spaceship. Dan O'Bannon wrote the screenplay from a story he wrote with Ronald Shusett drawing influence from previous works of science fiction and horror.
 Reach Me is an upcoming 2014 American drama film directed and written by John Herzfeld. The film stars Lauren Cohan Sylvester Stallone Cary Elwes Terry Crews Thomas Jane Tom Sizemore and Tom Berenger.
 The Czar and His Cortège Going to Versailles (French: Cortège de tzar allant à Versailles) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 48 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Wandering Detective: Tragedy in Red Valley (風来坊探偵　赤い谷の惨劇 Fūraibō tantei: akai tani no sangeki) (aka Duel in The Valley) is the first film to be directed by Kinji Fukasaku and the starring is Sonny Chiba. The film is black and white and the audio is mono. The film is followed up by Wandering Detective: Black Wind in the Harbor.
 Sibelius is a 2003 Finnish film biography of Jean Sibelius directed and written by Timo Koivusalo. It is the first full-length feature film about the famous composer.
 The Contractor is a 2013 American direct-to-video action thriller film starring Danny Trejo as the title character. The film was directed by Sean Robert Olson written by Bradford Holt and Olson and produced by Lionsgate. It follows a contractor working for the Chase family. He turns nasty after being relieved of his duty and reveals himself to be out to harm the family all along. The family must now combine their efforts to fight the menace.
 The Slave Ship (奴隷船 Dorei-sen) is a Japanese mystery-pink film directed by Satoshi Kaneda and released in 2010. It is an adaptation of the Oniroku Dan novella Dorei-bune (written with the same kanji) bearing pseudo-autobiographic elements as in most Oniroku Dan works. The film featured Kyōko Aizome a pioneer of the Japanese adult video market in the 1980s. In 2012 the film had a DVD release in the US by Switchblade Pictures.
 Panic Button is a British independent film released in 2011. Although the film is a horror thriller the subject matter is intended as a cautionary tale on the dangers of online social networking.
 The Wedding March (Italian: La marcia nuziale) is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal (Tamil: மூன்று பேர் மூன்று காதல்; English: Three People Three Love) is a 2013 Tamil romance film written and directed by Vasanth. It stars Arjun Cheran Vimal Muktha Bhanu and newcomers Surveen Chawla and Lasini. The film features musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja. It released on 1 May 2013 worldwide and opened with mixed reviews. It was a failure at the Box Office.
 Ponvizha is a 1999 Tamil drama film directed by Ashokan. The film features Napoleon and Suvalakshmi in lead roles. The film produced by K. S. Sinivasan and K. S. Sivaram had musical score by Deva and was released on 6 August 1999.
 All Night is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film starring Carmel Myers and Rudolph Valentino (credited as Rudolpho di Valentina) directed by Paul Powell and released by Universal Pictures under the name Bluebird Photoplays.A print of the film still survives and was released to DVD by Grapevine Video in 2005.
 Seagulls Die in the Harbour (Dutch: Meeuwen sterven in de haven) is a 1955 Belgian drama film directed by Rik Kuypers Ivo Michiels and Roland Verhavert for which Jack Sels wrote the soundtrack. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ika Hands is a 1988 film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner.This film was shot in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of Northern Colombia. The people in it may be the only survivors of the Tairona. At an informational level the film shows the rounds of daily life while it attempts to disclose the interior life of a leading figure in the community portrayed. It does so by using a camera in a way that Robert Gardner says in his brief introduction no camera has yet been designed to do.
 Harper Valley PTA is a 1978 comedy movie starring Barbara Eden. The movie was inspired by the country music song of the same title written by Tom T. Hall. In 1981 it was adapted into a television series with Barbara Eden reprising her role.
 Anne of Green Gables: A New Beginning is the fourth film in the Anne of Green Gables film series. It was released as a television film in 2008 on CTV. Before the broadcast CTV had recently acquired the rights to the entire Anne catalogue including the 1985 miniseries.The film stars 14-year-old Hannah Endicott-Douglas as the child and Barbara Hershey as the adult Anne Shirley. Shirley MacLaine plays matriarch Amelia Thomas in the film.
 Hot Summer in the City is a 1976 adult film by director Gail Palmer aka The Hare. The film is a co-production of Imperial Films with Palmer's HARE Films. The film is about a white virgin who is abducted by a group of black militants.The film is classified as a classical roughie with its depiction of sexual violence on females. It also employs many of the popular blaxploitation themes of the period.
 The Falcon Strikes Back is a 1943 American crime film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It is the sixth film in the Falcon series and features Cliff Edwards filling in for Allen Jenkins as Goldie Locke.
 Fængslende feriedage is a 1978 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Jørgen Ryg. It was also Dirch Passer's final film.
 A Blood Pledge (Hangul: 여고괴담 5: 동반자살; RR: Yeogogoedam 5: dongbandjasal; also known as Whispering Corridors 5: A Blood Pledge and Suicide Pact) is a K-Horror film and the fifth installment of the Whispering Corridors series of South Korean horror films set in girls' high schools that began with 1998's film of the same name. Aside from the setting and overall themes it is unrelated to the other films in the series.
 Boy Meets Girl (Hebrew: בן לוקח בת) is a 1982 Israeli drama directed by Michal Bat-Adam. It was filmed on location at Kibbutz Ma'ayan Tzvi.The story is a semi-autobiographical account of Bat-Adams' own upbringing at a kibbutz boarding school. Her 1994 film Aya: An Imagined Autobiography (Hebrew: איה) revisits the character of Aya who is now a married woman haunted by her past.
 The Brave Little Toaster to the Rescue is the first direct-to-video sequel to The Brave Little Toaster. Despite being released after The Brave Little Toaster Goes to Mars it is actually the second film in chronological order. A production of Hyperion/Kushner-Locke it was originally released in 1997 in North America by Walt Disney Home Video. It was also released the same year in 1997 in the United Kingdom and premiered on television on BBC Two but there was DVD release.
 Scram! is a 1932 Laurel and Hardy film directed by Ray McCarey.
 Mr. Bug Goes to Town also known as Hoppity Goes to Town and Bugville is an animated feature produced by Fleischer Studios and released to theaters by Paramount Pictures on December 5 1941. It was originally meant to be an adaptation of Maurice Maeterlinck's The Life of the Bee but the Fleischers were unable to get the rights to the book and the studio came up with its own story inspired by The Life of the Bee instead. The film was produced by Max Fleischer and directed by Dave Fleischer.
 The Traffickers (Hangul: 공모자들; RR: Gongmojadeul) is a 2012 South Korean crime thriller starring Im Chang-jung Choi Daniel Oh Dal-su and Jo Yoon-hee. It takes place in six hours on a passenger boat with an ongoing black-market organ-trafficking operation and a desperate husband out to find his missing wife.
 Barely Legal is a 2011 sex comedy film by The Asylum directed by Jose Montesinos and starring Jeneta St. Clair Lisa Younger and Melissa Johnston.
 Captain Abu Raed (Arabic: كابتن أبو رائد) is a 2007 Jordanian Film directed and written by Amin Matalqa. It is the first feature film produced in Jordan in more than 50 years. The Royal Film Commission of Jordan endorsed Captain Abu Raed to be submitted to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film the first ever submitted by Jordan.
 Música en espera (Music on hold) is an Argentine film protagonized by Natalia Oreiro and Diego Peretti. It premiered on March 19 2009 and was the most seen movie in its starting week.
 Youth's Endearing Charm (also known as Youth's Melting Pot ) is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by William C. Dowlan. The film stars Mary Miles Minter Wallace McDonald and Harry von Meter. The script for the film was adapted by J. Edward Hungerford from a novel of the same name written by Maibelle Heikes Justice.A print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Paatti is a 2013 Tamil Family subject written and directed by Rameshkumar
 The Seven Headed Lion (original Portuguese:O Leão de Sete Cabeças) or The Lion with the Seven Heads is a 1970 international co-production directed by Glauber Rocha shot on location in the Congo.
 His Only Father is a 1919 short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and Frank Terry and starring Harold Lloyd. The film is believed to be lost.
 Bungles is a series of four American black-and-white short silent comedy films produced by Louis Burnstein in 1916. While the series featured Oliver Hardy Marcel Perez acted in the leading role as Bungles. Perez was also the director for the four films. Elsie MacLeod was the only other credited actor in the series.
 Target for Today is a film containing United States Army Air Forces combat footage of B-17 and B-24 bombers and named for the phrase used at briefings before air raids. The October 1943 footage was filmed during Eighth Air Force attacks on Nazi Germany industrial targets in Anklam Marienburg (on the 9th) and Gdynia in occupied Poland. Prior to the combat footage the documentary explains Operation Pointblank target selection and depicts planning briefing and preparation.
 The Great Game is a 1930 British film. It was one of the earliest feature films to use football as a central theme.The film's plot contains many elements of what would become clichés in the sporting film genre. Dicky Brown is a young aspiring footballer who plays for a struggling side the fictional Manningford F.C. a team in the midst of a successful cup run.
 Atlantic Rhapsody is a 1989 Faroese documentary film by Katrin Ottarsdóttir. The original Faroese title is Atlantic Rhapsody - 52 myndir úr Tórshavn where the second part means 52 pictures from Tórshavn. The film presents a day in the life of some inhabitants of Tórshavn the capital of the Faroe Islands. The narrative is structured as a relay race in which a person a thing or something out of a scene brings the audience into another scene with new people and events.
 Alter Kahn und junge Liebe (English-language title: Old Barge Young Love) is an East German (then GDR) romance film directed by Hans Heinrich. It was released in 1957.
 I Belong to Me (Danish: Jeg er sgu min egen) is a 1967 Danish musical film directed by Erik Balling and starring Daimi.
 Jurmana is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Rambha Ashwini Bhave Kiran Kumar Shakti Kapoor Raza Murad and Ronit Roy
 Aghet – Ein Völkermord (English: Aghet – A Genocide; Aghet being Armenian for catastrophe) is a German 2010 documentary film on the Armenian Genocide by the Young Turk government of the Ottoman Empire during World War I. It is based on eyewitness reports by European and American personnel stationed in the Near East at the time Armenian survivors and other contemporary witnesses which are recited by modern German actors.
 Blue Velvet is a 1986 American mystery thriller film written and directed by David Lynch. The movie exhibits elements of both film noir and surrealism. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan Isabella Rossellini Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern. The title is taken from The Clovers' 1955 song of the same name. Although initially detested by some mainstream critics the film is now widely acclaimed and earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director.
 The Dogwalker is a 2001 film directed and produced by Jacques Thelemaque starring Diane Gaidry (Ellie Moore) and Pamela Gordon (Betsy Wright). The film closely observes the rocky relationship that develops between a destitute young woman (Diane Gaidry) who has fled her abusive boyfriend and a reclusive misanthropic professional dog walker (Pamela Gordon).
 The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser (German: Jeder für sich und Gott gegen alle) is a 1974 German drama film written and directed by Werner Herzog and starring Bruno Schleinstein and Walter Ladengast. The film follows the real story of foundling Kaspar Hauser quite closely using the text of actual letters found with Hauser.
 Bento Monogatari (often translated as 'Lunchbox Story') is a 2010 short film by Pieter Dirkx. It was selected for the 2011 Cannes Film Festival in the Cinéfondation section. The film was the director's graduation project at the Hogeschool Sint-Lukas Brussels film school.
 The War is a seven-part American documentary television mini-series about World War II from the perspective of the United States. The program was produced by American filmmakers Ken Burns and Lynn Novick written by Geoffrey Ward and narrated primarily by Keith David. It premiered on September 23 2007. The world premiere of the series took place at the Palace Theater in Luverne Minnesota one of the towns featured in the documentary.
 Sansho the Bailiff (山椒大夫 Sanshō Dayū) is a 1954 Japanese period film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. Based on a short story of the same name by Mori Ōgai it tells the story of two aristocratic children sold into slavery. It is often considered one of Mizoguchi's finest films along with Ugetsu and The Life of Oharu. It bears his trademark interest in freedom poverty and woman's place in society and features beautiful images and long and complicated shots.
 Swapnam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Case Closed: the Fourteenth Target known as Detective Conan: The Fourteenth Target (名探偵コナン 14番目の標的 Meitantei Konan: Jūyon-banme no Tāgetto) in Japan is the second Case Closed movie. It was released in Japanese theatres on April 18 1998. The English version was released on DVD on November 20 2007 by Funimation. The movie grossed ¥1.05 billion in Japan.
 Orgasmo (also known as Paranoia) is a 1969 Italian-French giallo thriller film starring Carroll Baker and Lou Castel and directed by Umberto Lenzi. The plot focuses on a wealthy American widow who is exploited and terrorized by two siblings.
 We Were Dancing is a 1942 film.
 A Free Soul is a 1931 Pre-Code film which tells the story of an alcoholic defense attorney who must defend his daughter's ex-boyfriend on a charge of murdering the mobster she had started a relationship with; a mobster whom her father had previously got an acquittal for on a murder charge.
 The Actress the Dollars and the Transylvanians (Artista dolarii şi ardelenii in Romanian) is a 1979 Romanian film directed by Mircea Veroiu and scripted by Titus Popovici.It is the second in a Red Western trilogy that also comprises The Prophet the Gold and the Transylvanians and The Oil the Baby and the Transylvanians. American characters speak in English and the Romanian ones in Romanian.
 Silent Souls (Russian: Овсянки The Buntings) is a 2010 Russian film that was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice Film Festival. It is based on a 2008 novella by Denis Osokin. The film was awarded the Golden Osella for best cinematography and a FIPRESCI award. It was considered a frontrunner for the Golden Lion but did not win.
 La Vuelta al nido is a 1938 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torres Rios. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Amelia Bence.
 Living Dead Girl is a low-budget short horror film directed by Jon Springer. The film stars Mark Borchardt who is best known as the subject of the cult documentary American Movie (1999). Living Dead Girl is a silent-film zombie parody with extremely graphic gore effects.
 The Kiss of Evil (Finnish: Vares – Pahan suudelma) is a 2011 Finnish crime film directed by Anders Engström.
 Frauds and Frenzies is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.
 New Orleans is a 1947 musical drama featuring Billie Holiday as a singing maid and Louis Armstrong as a bandleader; supporting players Holiday and Armstrong perform together and portray a couple becoming romantically involved.
 Malambo is a 1984 Austrian drama film directed by Milan Dor. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 58th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 La presidentessa (The Chairwoman) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.It is based on the play Madame Presidente by Maurice Hennequin and Pierre Veber.
 Lee Rock II is a 1991 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon and starring Andy Lau Sharla Cheung and Aaron Kwok. The film is a direct sequel to Lee Rock released earlier in the same year which is inspired by a true story of real life corrupt police officer Lui Lok who is portrayed in the film as Lee Rock by Andy Lau.
 Raped by an Angel a.k.a. Naked Killer 2 (香港奇案之強姦; pinyin: Xiang Gang qi an zhi qiang jian) is a 1993 Category III Hong Kong film directed by Andrew Lau with a scenario by Wong Jing.
 Tap is a 1989 film drama written and directed by Nick Castle. It stars Gregory Hines and Sammy Davis Jr.
 The Women on the Roof (Swedish: Kvinnorna på taket) is a 1989 Swedish film written and directed by Carl-Gustav Nykvist. It stars Amanda Ooms and Helena Bergström. It was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival. At the 25th Guldbagge Awards Stellan Skarsgård won the award for Best Actor.
 The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid is a 1972 Technicolor Western film about the James-Younger Gang distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Philip Kaufman in a cinéma vérité style and starred Cliff Robertson as Cole Younger Robert Duvall as Jesse James Luke Askew as Jim Younger R. G. Armstrong as Clell Miller John Pearce as Frank James and Matt Clark as Bob Younger.
 Kutty Srank (English: The Sailor of Hearts; Malayalam: കുട്ടിസ്രാങ്ക്) is a 2010 Indian Malayalam film directed by Shaji N. Karun. Mammootty played the title role for the film. The film was produced by Reliance Entertainment under the banner of Big Motion Pictures the first ever production by Anil Ambani's newly launched entertainment concern in Malayalam. The film was released at the theatres of Kerala on 23 July 2010.
 The Supergrass is a 1985 British comedy film written and directed by Peter Richardson. The film starred Richardson Adrian Edmondson Jennifer Saunders Dawn French Keith Allen Nigel Planer Alexei Sayle Ronald Allen and Robbie Coltrane. After returning from a holiday in the West Country Dennis Carter (Adrian Edmondson) untruthfully boasts of being a drug smuggler.
 De Bloemen die de Ziel Vertroosten is a 1914 Dutch silent drama film directed by Louis H. Chrispijn.
 The Illustrated Man is a 1969 American science fiction film directed by Jack Smight and starring Rod Steiger. The film is based on three short stories from the 1951 collection The Illustrated Man by Ray Bradbury: The Veldt The Long Rain and The Last Night of the World.
 Without a Notch of Blue is a short drama film by Sumantra Roy.
 Angel Guts: Red Classroom (天使のはらわた 赤い教室 Tenshi No Harawata Akai Kyoshitsu) is a 1979 Japanese film directed by Chūsei Sone and released by the Nikkatsu studio as part of their Roman porno line. It is the second in the Angel Guts film series based on a manga by Takashi Ishii.
 Yesterday Was Spring (Spanish: Ayer fue primavera) is a 1955 Argentine drama film directed by Fernando Ayala and written by Rodolfo M. Taboada.The film stars Roberto Escalada as a businessman.
 Nine Dead is a 2009 horror thriller film directed by Chris Shadley produced by Paula Hart and written by Patrick Wehe Mahoney. Filming began on July 6 2008 and ended on July 27 2008. The film spent several months without a distributor but has now been picked up by New Line Cinema and it had its US limited release on November 6 2009. The film had a March 9 2010 DVD release.
 Le foto proibite di una signora per bene is a 1970 giallo film directed by Luciano Ercoli. Written by Ernesto Gastaldi and Mahnahén Velasco the film stars Pier Paolo Capponi Simon Andreu and Dagmar Lassander.
 Die Liebenden vom Hotel von Osman is a 2001 German short film directed by İdil Üner. It stars Üner herself and Fatih Akın in the cast.
 Apaye (English: A Mother's Love) is a 2014 Nigerian drama film directed by Desmond Elliot starring Clarion Chukwurah Kanayo O. Kanayo Belinda Effah and Mbong Amata. It premièred at the Silverbird Cinemas Victoria Island Lagos on 7 March 2014.It tells a story about how Yepayeye (Clarion Chukwurah) struggles to overcome the many challenges of a single mother of 6 and eventually triumphed in ensuring the uprightness and education of her kids.
 Women at War is a 1943 American short drama film directed by Jean Negulesco. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American thriller film that blends elements of the crime and horror genres. Directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster Anthony Hopkins and Scott Glenn the film is based on Thomas Harris' 1988 novel of the same name his second to feature Hannibal Lecter a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer.In the film Clarice Starling a young U.S. FBI trainee seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr.
 Slunce seno jahody is a Czech comedy film made in 1984 usually regarded as one of the classics of the Czech comedy industry. It was filmed and set in Hoštice a small rural village in the Czech portion of the former Czechoslovakia. It is a play on the perceived stereotypes of daily life in a village community.
 Imagination is a 2007 American avante garde animated/live action film and the first feature length project directed by Eric Leiser about young twin sisters who have Asperger syndrome.
 Dog in Boots (Russian: Пёс в сапогах Pyos v sapogakh) also known as Pup in Boots is a 1981 Soyuzmultfilm's animated parody film directed by Yefim Gamburg. It is a musical adaptation of the classic Alexandre Dumas story of d'Artagnan and the three musketeers.Dog in Boots parodies costume and historical drama films particularly the musical miniseries d'Artagnan and Three Musketeers (1978) that was incredibly popular in the Soviet Union.
 The Kangaroo Kid is a 1950 Cinema of Australian-American western film directed by Lesley Selander.
 The Kiss is a 1914 Vitagraph silent drama short motion picture starring Margaret Gibson George Holt William Desmond Taylor and Myrtle Gonzalez.Directed by Ulysses Davis the screenplay was based on a story by Marc Edmund Jones. Long thought to have been a lost film a copy was found and put on YouTube. The film is the only known surviving film in which director William Desmond Taylor appears as an actor.
 Mysterious Island (孤島驚魂) is a 2011 Chinese horror film directed by Rico Chung. The film is about a group of people invited to a Survivor styled television program on the Binlusai islands. On arriving there they lose their luggage and come across a message stating that they will all be killed.The film was a commercial success in China where it grossed over $10 million in comparison to its $2 million budget.
 Beloved Infidel is a 1959 DeLuxe Color biographical drama film made by 20th Century Fox CinemaScope and based on the life of F. Scott Fitzgerald. The film was directed by Henry King and produced by Jerry Wald from a screenplay by Sy Bartlett based on the memoir by Sheilah Graham and Gerold Frank. The music score was by Franz Waxman the cinematography by Leon Shamroy and the art direction by Lyle R.
 A Silent Love is a 2004 (Quebec) film written and directed by Federico Hidalgo and produced by Atopia.Through an Internet service a Montreal professor arranges for himself a Mexican bride. But both husband and wife even with their good intentions are in for a bumpy ride toward marital harmony.
 Kalki (Tamil: கல்கி) is a 1996 Indian Tamil drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Rahman Prakash Raj Geetha and Shruti. The music composition is by Deva. The film was co-produced by Gramco Films. The film was among 1996 Deepavali releases.
 Dying to Belong is a 1997 American television film directed by William A. Graham.
 The First Offence is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring John Mills Lilli Palmer and Bernard Nedell. It was a remake of the 1934 French film Mauvaise Graine directed by Billy Wilder.
 Men Must Fight (1933) is an anti-war drama film starring Diana Wynyard Lewis Stone and Phillips Holmes. It is based on the 1932 Broadway play of the same name by Reginald Lawrence and S. K. Lauren. When her lover is killed in World War I a woman raises their son as a pacifist. However when a second world war looms between the United States and a country referred to as the Eurasian States in 1940 that belief is put to the test.
 Uppu (Malayalam: ഉപ്പ് English: Salt French: Le Sel) is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film directed by V. K. Pavithran and written by K. M. A. Rahim. The film is about atavistic Muslim practice of male polygamy. Film is entirely on the side of the wronged wives mounting a strong criticism of this aspect of the Muslim religion. It stars P. T. Kunju Muhammed Jayalalitha Vijayan Kottarathil and Madhavan. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
 Los Hijos de Fierro is a 1972 Argentine film directed by Fernando Pino Solanas.
 Rite of Spring (Portuguese: Acto de Primavera) is a 1963 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira his second feature.Manoel de Oliveira had as an assistant director in the film the poet and director António Reis whose influence can be felt deeply throughout it what lead to its inclusion in The School of Reis program.
 Aisa Hota Hai (It Happens ) is an Indian Short Film. The film stars Muzaffer Khan Deba Sahasra Pathak Pritha Nag Amar Yadav Salman Zaidi and Aashish Dubey in the lead most of the cast is in this film is new.
 Di Di Hollywood is a 2010 drama film written directed and produced by Bigas Luna. It stars Elsa Pataky Peter Coyote and Paul Sculfor. It was released in Spain on 15 October 2010.
 The Mechanic is a 1972 American action-thriller film directed by Michael Winner. It stars Charles Bronson and Jan-Michael Vincent.The film is noted for its opening. There is no dialogue for the first 16 minutes of the film as the hit man played by Bronson prepares to kill his current target.
 Gouravam (English: Honour) is a 2013 Indian drama film written and directed by Radha Mohan. Simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil languages the film was produced by Prakash Raj under the banner of Duet Movies. It marks the acting debut of Allu Sirish brother of Allu Arjun and also stars Yami Gautam in the lead. Gouravam deals with the issue of honor killing.
 Risto is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Tuomas Summanen.
 Un bon bock (aka A Good Beer) is an 1892 French short animated film directed by Émile Reynaud. It consists of 700 individually painted images and lasts about 15 minutes.It is one of the first animated films ever made and was the first to be screened on Reynaud's modified praxinoscope the optical theatre.Alongside Le Clown et ses chiens and Pauvre Pierrot it was exhibited in October 1892 when Emile Reynaud opened his Théâtre Optique at the Musée Grévin.
 Men for Sale also known by its French language title Hommes à louer (literally Men for rent) is a 2008 documentary film by Canadian director Rodrigue Jean about male prostitutes working in Montreal Quebec Canada. The film was shot over a one-year period in Montreal's Gay Village.The interviews for Hommes à louer are in French language.
 Ghost Rider is a 2007 Australian-American supernatural superhero film written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson. Based on the character of the same name which appeared in Marvel Comics the character's first appearance being in 1972. The film stars Nicolas Cage as Ghost Rider / Johnny Blaze with supporting roles done by Eva Mendes Wes Bentley Sam Elliott Donal Logue Matt Long and Peter Fonda.
 Rani Aur Lalpari is a 1975 Bollywood children's musical film directed by Ravikant Nagaich. The film stars .
 The Lady in White (Italian: La Dama bianca) is a 1938 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Elsa Merlini.
 Falling for You is a 1933 comedy film directed by Robert Stevenson and Jack Hulbert and starring Jack Hulbert and Cicely Courtneidge.
 Détective is a 1985 French crime film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. It was entered into the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tere Naam (In your name) is a 2003 Bollywood musical romantic drama film. It is directed by Satish Kaushik and written by Bala starring Salman Khan and Bhoomika Chawla in her Hindi film debut. The film is a remake of Bala's own directional venture Tamil film Sethu (1999).The film is supposedly based on a true story as the DVD cover says Unfortunately a true love story though during the end credits a fictitious disclaimer is shown.
 Taking Chance is a 2009 historical drama film based upon the experiences of Marine Lt. Colonel Michael Strobl (Kevin Bacon) who escorted the body of a fallen Marine PFC Chance Phelps (posthumously promoted to LCpl) back to his hometown from the Iraq War.The film was selected for showing at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and premiered on HBO on February 21 2009.
 Mark of the Frog is a 1928 American drama film serial directed by Arch Heath. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Black Thunder was a 1998 action film starring Michael Dudikoff and Richard Norton and directed by Rick Jacobson. The story follows Vince (Michael Dudikoff) and Jannick (Gary Hudson) as they are sent to retrieve a stealth plane stolen by Libyan terrorists newly developed by the United States.
 Love Me or Leave Me is a 1955 biographical romantic musical drama film which tells the life story of Ruth Etting a singer who rose from dancer to movie star. It stars Doris Day as Etting James Cagney as gangster Martin Moe the Gimp Snyder her first husband and manager and Cameron Mitchell as pianist/ arranger Myrl Alderman her second husband. It was written by Daniel Fuchs and Isobel Lennart. It was directed by Charles Vidor.
 Hell Below (1933) is an MGM film set in the Adriatic during World War I about submarine warfare based on Commander Edward Ellsberg's novel Pigboats starring Robert Montgomery Walter Huston Robert Young Madge Evans and Jimmy Durante.
 Makkala Sainya (Mazhalai Pattalam in Tamil) is an Indian film made in Kannada and Tamil languages. It was directed by actress Lakshmi under the supervision of K. Balachander. It stars Vishnuvardhan and Sumithra in the lead.
 Nee Sneham (English: Your Friendship) is a 2002 film directed by Paruchuri Murali and produced by M S Raju. The film stars Uday Kiran Aarti Agarwal and Jatin Grewal. The film was a moderate hit and well received by family audience. The screenplay and music tracks of the movie are highlights and stud for the movie success. The music given by R P Patnaik was critical for the movie.
 Green Eyes is a 1934 American film directed by Richard Thorpe.
 Days of Waiting or Ruzhay-e Entezar (Persian: روزهای انتظار‎) is an Iranian film and was directed by Asghar Hashemi. This film was Hashemi´s first feature as director and the first Iranian film happening in the desert in winter-time.
 Action Jackson is a 1988 American action film directed by Craig R. Baxley and starring Carl Weathers Vanity Craig T. Nelson and Sharon Stone. Paula Abdul was the choreographer. The film was released by Lorimar Film Entertainment. Vanity was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award as Worst Actress.
 Uzun Hikâye (English: A Long History) is a 2012 Turkish drama film co-produced by Suat Kapkı and Taner Özbel written by Yiğit Güralp and directed by Osman Sınav based on a novel by Mustafa Kutlu. The movie premiered on October 12 2012.
 Night Train is writer-director Diao Yi'nan's second feature film. Like his previous film Uniform Night Train takes place in Diao's home province of Shaanxi and was shot in and around Baoji.Night Train premiered in the 2007 Cannes Film Festival as part of the Un Certain Regard competition and was one of only two Asian films (the other being Li Yang's Blind Mountain in competition for an award.
 Book of Love is a 1990 American [1] romantic comedy film directed by New Line Cinema producer Robert Shaye. It is based on the autobiographical novel Jack in the Box by William Kotzwinkle (the novel's name was changed to Book of Love during this film's original release).The film was originally PG-13 but subsequent DVD releases have been the R-rated Director's Cut (R for sexual content and language). It stars Chris Young Keith Coogan and John Cameron Mitchell.
 One Too Many Mornings is a 2010 independent comedy film directed by Michael Mohan who co-wrote the film with Anthony Deptula and Stephen D.B. Hale. Deptula and Hale also star in the film alongside Tina Kapousis Red State Update's Jonathan Shockley and the Actors' Gang's V.J. Foster. Its title references Bob Dylan's song One Too Many Mornings and an original theme song with the same title was written and performed for the movie by Brad Breeck of The Mae Shi.
 The Killing Time is a 1987 thriller film starring Kiefer Sutherland Beau Bridges and Michael Madsen. This film has the distinction of being one the few times Beau Bridges is seen smoking on-camera.
 The Devil Diamond is a 1937 American film directed by Leslie Goodwins.The film is also known as Peter B. Kyne's The Devil Diamond (American complete title).
 The Last Days of Patton is a 1986 made-for-television film sequel to the 1970 film Patton which portrays the last few months of the general's life. George C. Scott reprises the role of General George S. Patton and Eva Marie Saint portrays Beatrice Patton the general's wife. It was directed by Delbert Mann his final film.
 Le Drakkar is a 1973 French film directed by Jacques Pierre.
 Un uomo ritorna (also known as Revenge) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Max Neufeld.It was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 Two of a Kind is a 1951 film noir directed by Henry Levin and written by James Edward Grant James Gunn and Lawrence Kimble. The film features Edmond O'Brien Lizabeth Scott Alexander Knox among others.
 Funniest Show on Earth (Italian: Il più comico spettacolo del mondo) is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring May Britt.
 The Alienist (Portuguese: Azyllo Muito Louco also known as O Alienista) is a 1970 Brazilian comedy film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.
 Arizona Colt is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Michele Lupo. Its stars Giuliano Gemma.
 Uphill All The Way is a 1986 motion picture starring Roy Clark Mel Tillis Glen Campbell Burl Ives and Trish Van Devere.
 Los Tarantos is a 1963 Spanish musical drama film directed by Francisco Rovira Beleta. It was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Foreign Film category.The film is based on the play La historia de los Tarantos written by Alfredo Mañas and inspired by Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare.
 The Shrine of Ultimate Bliss also known as Stoner A Man Called Stoner and Hong Kong Hitman (Chinese: 鐵金剛大破紫陽觀) is a Hong Kong film which was produced by Raymond Chow and directed by Huang Feng. The film was released in 1974. It was originally scheduled to be Bruce Lee's next film after Game of Death 1978. However Lee died while filming Game of Death in 1973 and that film's release date was delayed by five years.
 The Nut Job is a 2014 3D Canadian-South Korean-American computer-animated comedy film directed by Peter Lepeniotis. It is written by Lorne Cameron and Peter Lepeniotis starring the voices of Will Arnett Brendan Fraser Gabriel Iglesias Jeff Dunham Stephen Lang Maya Rudolph Liam Neeson and Katherine Heigl. The film is based on Lepeniotis's 2005 short animated film Surly Squirrel. It was released on January 17 2014 by Open Road Films.
 The Night Has Eyes released in the United States as Terror House and Moonlight Madness is a 1942 British thriller film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring James Mason Wilfrid Lawson and Mary Clare.
 Wilbur Wright und seine Flugmaschine (Wilbur Wright and his Flying Machine) is the German viewing market title of a silent film made in 1909 and is considered to be the first-ever use of motion picture aerial photography as filmed from a heavier-than-air aircraft.It was filmed 24 April 1909 near Rome by French cinematographic company Société Générale des Cinématographes Eclipse.The events leading up to the creation of the film began in 1908 when the Wright brothers received an invitation from the Compagnie Générale de Navigation Aérienne to ship a Wright Flyer Model A airplane to France and fly it at Le Mans to dispel any remaining doubt that they had indeed conquered heavier-than-air flight. 
 Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead is a 1990 comedy-drama film written and directed by Tom Stoppard based on his play of the same name. Like the play the film depicts two minor characters from William Shakespeare's play Hamlet Rosencrantz and Guildenstern who find themselves on the road to Elsinore Castle at the behest of the King of Denmark. They encounter a band of players before arriving to find that they are needed to try to discern what troubles the prince Hamlet.
 The Last Eve is a 2005 action film directed by Young Man Kang a Korean-born filmmaker who made his U.S. directing debut Cupid's Mistake (2001).
 Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron (or sometimes called Spirit) is a 2002 American animated western film that was released by DreamWorks Pictures. It follows the adventures of a young Kiger mustang stallion living in the 19th century wild west. The film written by John Fusco and directed by Kelly Asbury and Lorna Cook was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
 Brand upon the Brain! (2006) is a feature film directed by Guy Maddin and produced by The Film Company a Seattle-based not-for-profit film production company that offered Maddin a budget to make any film he wanted with complete freedom as long as he shot it in Seattle with local actors. Maddin directed the film from a script co-written by Toles shooting over nine days and editing over three months on an estimated budget of $40000.
 Tragedy: The Story of Queensbridge is a 2005 documentary film directed by Booker Sim for Juju Films. The film documents the streets of the Queensbridge Housing Projects of New York City following the issues and struggles of Tragedy Khadafi aka Intelligent Hoodlum. Queens rappers Havoc Prodigy (both from the group Mobb Deep) Capone and N.O.R.E. (both from Capone-N-Noreaga) as well as producer Marley Marl among others appeared in the film.
 Kangaroo Jack: G'Day U.S.A.! is an animated sequel to 2003's Kangaroo Jack that is directed by Emory Myrick and Jeffrey Gatrall (time director). It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and sister company Castle Rock Entertainment and was distributed by Warner Bros. and released direct-to-video in 2004. This is Castle Rock Entertainment's first animated film.
 My Gun Is Quick is a 1957 mystery film based on the novel My Gun is Quick by Mickey Spillane. Written by Richard M. Powell and directed by Phil Victor and George White the movie stars Robert Bray as private investigator Mike Hammer Pamela Duncan as Velda Hammer's secretary.
 Momotarō no Umiwashi (桃太郎の海鷲 literally Momotarō's Sea Eagles) is an animated Japanese propaganda film produced in 1942 by Geijutsu Eigasha and released March 25 1943. Running at 37 minutes it was close to being feature-length but it was not the first animated feature film in Asia; that honor goes to China's 1941 Princess Iron Fan which was 73 minutes long (see: List of animated feature films).
 For Richer for Poorer is a 1992 made-for-TV comedy film directed by Jay Sandrich. The HBO original film starring Jack Lemmon Talia Shire and Jonathan Silverman was released on VHS with the title Father Son and the Mistress.
 Bhagyawan is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by S.K. Subash and produced by Upendra Jha. It stars Govinda and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles.
 Time Adventure: Zeccho 5-byo Mae (Japanese: タイム・アバンチュール　絶頂５秒前) is a 1986 Japanese pink film directed by Yōjirō Takita.
 Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film tells the story of a paleontologist in a number of predicaments involving a scatterbrained woman and a leopard named Baby.
 Amor non ho... però... però (I did not love... but... but) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
 Kahani Kismat Ki is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Farogh Siddiqui starring Mithun Chakraborty Sharad Kapoor Ayesha Jhulka Naghma Mohan Joshi and Milind Gunaji
 Angker Batu is a 2007 Indonesian horror film directed by Jose Poernomo.
 Sarocharu (English: Sir came) is a 2013 Tollywood romantic film directed by Parasuram starring Ravi Teja Nara Rohith Kajal Aggarwal and Richa Gangopadhyay in the lead roles. The film is produced on Three Angels Studio Pvt. Ltd. banner by Priyanka Dutt and is presented by Vyjayanthi banner. Devi Sri Prasad scored the soundtrack for the film. The film was released on 21 December 2012. The movie received Positive - mixed reviews and was a Hit at the Box Office.
 Vaada Poda Nanbargal is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film directed by Manikai. P. Arumaichandran has produced this movie under the banner 8 Point Entertainments. The film stars newcomers Nanda Sharan and Yashika in the lead roles. The lead actor Nanda happens to be one of the strong contender of a popular television series Yaar Adutha Prabhu Deva aired on Vijay TV.
 Peregrina (Pilgrim) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Man Called Flintstone is a 1966 American animated musical comedy film produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and released by Columbia Pictures. It was the second Hanna-Barbera feature after Hey There It's Yogi Bear! (1964). The film is a theatrical spin-off of the 1960-66 television series The Flintstones and is a swan song of the TV show made immediately following the end of production on the series.
 The Street Player (Arabic: الحرِّيف‎ translit. El harrif) is a 1983 Egyptian drama film directed by Mohamed Khan. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 First Man into Space (also known as Satellite of Blood) is a 1959 science fiction horror film directed by Robert Day and distributed by Amalgamated films. It came from a script which had been rejected for production by AIP and was directly influenced by The Quatermass Xperiment.
 Public Access is a 1993 American drama film directed by Bryan Singer in his feature film debut. Singer also wrote the screenplay with Christopher McQuarrie and Michael Feit Dougan. The film was shot in 18 days for US$250000. It was screened at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival where it was a joint winner of the Grand Jury Prize. Critics praised the technical direction of Public Access but did not lend similar praise to the film's story and the characters.
 Akio Jissouji's Ultraman (実相寺昭雄監督作品ウルトラマン Jissouji Akio Kantoku Sakuhin Urutoraman) is a 1979 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film directed by Akio Jissoji. It is a compilation film made up of scenes from Jissoji's episodes of the original Ultraman TV series.
 Doctor Bari (English: The House of Doctor) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film directed by Azizul Rahman and written by A. T. M. Shamsuzzaman. The film was released in 2008 in Bangladesh. It was produced by NTV Production House and distributed by G Series. It is a family comedy film and stars Shakib Khan A. T. M. Shamsuzzaman Jona Shabnaz. Amit Hasan and Salauddin Lavlu. and it become Super hit at the box-office.
 Ek Ladka Ek Ladki (Hindi: एक लड़का एक लड़की translation: A boy and a girl) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Vijay Sadanah starring Salman Khan and Neelam Kothari. The film was released on 18 July 1992. It is a loose adaptation of the American film Overboard starring Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn.
 City of Anatol (German:Stadt Anatol) is a 1936 German drama film directed by Viktor Tourjansky and starring Gustav Fröhlich Brigitte Horney and Fritz Kampers. It is based on a 1932 novel City of Anatol by Bernhard Kellermann. The film is set in a small city in the Balkans where the discovery of oil leads to a major boom. A separate French language version Wells in Flames (Puits en flames) was made also directed by Tourjansky but featuring a different cast.
 Always: Sunset on Third Street (ALWAYS 三丁目の夕日 Ōruweizu: San-chōme no Yūhi) is a 2005 film co-written and directed by the Japanese filmmaker Takashi Yamazaki based on Ryōhei Saigan's long-running manga Sanchōme no Yūhi. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Arch of Triumph is a 1948 American war romance film starring Ingrid Bergman Charles Boyer and Charles Laughton. It was directed by Lewis Milestone and is based on the 1945 novel Arch of Triumph by Erich Maria Remarque which he wrote during his nine-year exile in the United States.
 Unsettled Land (Hebrew: החולמים lit. The Dreamers; also known as Once We Were Dreamers) is a 1987 Israeli drama directed by Uri Barbash.The film premiered in the International Competition at the Tokyo International Film Festival and was selected to be shown at the Israel Film Festival in New York. It also won awards for Best Cinematography (Amnon Salomon) and Best Art Direction (Eitan Levy) at the Israel Film Center.
 Waati is a 1995 Malian drama film directed by Souleymane Cissé. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Coven (pronounced with a long O vowel sound) is a 1997 black and white direct-to-video horror short film directed by Mark Borchardt. The making of the film was documented in the 1999 award-winning independent film American Movie. It was shot with local talent around Milwaukee.
 Broken Sun is a 2008 Australian film set in the 1940s about a World War I veteran who meets an escaped Japanese POW. It was the debut feature from Brad Haynes.
 Wrong Turn 6 is an upcoming American horror film written by Frank H. Woodward and directed by Valeri Milev as the sixth installment in the Wrong Turn film series.
 Pyar Kare Dis: Feel The Power of Love (Sindhi: प्यार करें दिस् پِيارَ ڪري ڏِسُ) is a 2007 Sindhi film directed by Kamal Nathani and produced by Mr. M. Harwani. The film was produced by Sunico Films which also produced the Bollywood hit Pyar Ka Tarana. Pyar Kare Dis was released in cinemas and online on 14 September 2007.
 The Third Wave film was shot in Sri Lanka following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. It was directed by Australian film maker Alison Thompson and Italian producer Oscar Gubernati.
 Saat Hindustani (Devanagari: सात हिन्दुस्तानी Urdu: سات ہندوستانی translation: Seven Indians) is a 1969 film written and directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. The film portrays the heroic story of seven Indians who attempt to liberate Goa from the Portuguese colonial rule. The cast included Utpal Dutt Madhu A. K. Hangal and Amitabh Bachchan who made his debut with this film.
 Paris 1900 is a 1947 French documentary film directed by Nicole Védrès and entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bhai Bahen is a 1950 Bollywood musical film directed by Ram Daryani.
 Reflections is a 2005 short silent film by Bejoy Nambiar starring Mohanlal Juhi Babbar & Vidula Bhave in lead roles.
 The Wooden Bridge (in Persian: پل چوبی) is a 2012 Iranian film directed by Mehdi Karampour.
 Trader Hornee is a 1970 sexploitation film written and produced by David F. Friedman and directed by Jonathan Lucas. This is an adult-oriented parody of the vintage safari movie Trader Horn (1931) which was first remade in 1934. This story was filmed yet again in 1973 as Trader Horn starring Rod Taylor.In 1977 the Adult Film Association of America gave it a retroactive award of merit at its 1977 Erotica Awards as the movie considered to be the best adult film of 1966 to 1970.
 I Escaped from Devil's Island is a 1973 exploitation film about an escape attempt from Devil's Island. Roger Corman and Gene Corman produced this grim adventure saga which bears more than a passing resemblance to Papillon.
 Break Up Club (Chinese: 分手說愛你) is a 2010 Hong Kong romance film starring Jaycee Chan and Fiona Sit. This film revolves around a website that allows users to win back lost loves so long as they agree to break up another happy couple.
 Gunmen is a 1994 action-comedy film directed by Deran Sarafian. It stars Mario Van Peebles Christopher Lambert Denis Leary Kadeem Hardison and Patrick Stewart. Robert Harper and Brenda Bakke are co-stars of the film. It was released to home video by Lionsgate Home Entertainment.
 Luz del Fuego is a 1982 Brazilian drama film directed by David Neves and featuring Lucélia Santos in the lead role. The film is a liberal and romantic narrative of the controversial Brazilian vedette and activist Dora Vivacqua better known with her stage name Luz del Fuego.
 Paul Jacobs and the Nuclear Gang is a 1980 political documentary film produced and directed by Jack Willis and Saul Landau written by Jack Willis and Penny Bernstein narrated by Penny Bernstein with cinematography by Zack Krieger and Haskell Wexler.The focus of the film is the government cover-up of the health hazards related to the 1950s atomic bomb testing in Nevada.
 If the Wind Frightens You (French: Si le vent te fait peur) is a 1960 Belgian drama film directed by Emile Degelin. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 Pangarap is a 1940 Filipino film directed by Carmen Conchaand starring Tita Duran Angel Esmeralda and Benny Mack.
 The Visionaries (Italian: I visionari) is a 1968 Italian film directed by Maurizio Ponzi. It won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival and is inspired by the writings by Robert Musil.
 Captain Lightfoot is a 1955 film starring Rock Hudson and Barbara Rush and is a Hollywood adaptation of a book by W. R. Burnett written in 1954.The movie is set in the early 19th century with the hero and his brother becoming highwaymen robbing the wealthy around the foothills of Dublin Ireland.
 Cherry Falls is a 2000 American slasher film written by Ken Selden and directed by Geoffrey Wright. The film stars Brittany Murphy Jay Mohr and Michael Biehn.
 Iru Thuruvam (Tamil: இரு துருவம் English: Two Pillar also transliterated as Iru Dhuruvam) is a 1971 Tamil dacoit drama film produced by P. S. Veerappa and directed by S. Ramanathan. The film had Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead with R. Muthuraman Rajasree Pandhari Bai P. S. Veerappa and Chittor V. Nagaiah in other significant role. The film was a remake of 1961 Bollywood film Gunga Jumna starring Dilip Kumar and Vyjayanthimala in the lead.
 The Prodigal is a 1955 Biblical epic film made by MGM starring Lana Turner. It was directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Charles Schnee. The Maurice Zimm screenplay was adapted by Joseph Breen Jr. and Samuel James Larsen from the New Testament story of the selfish son who leaves his family in search of riches. The music score was by Bronislau Kaper with cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg.
 200 Cigarettes is a 1999 American comedy and drama film directed by Risa Bramon Garcia and written by Shana Larsen. The film is a mosaic following multiple characters in New York City on New Year's Eve 1981. It features an ensemble cast including Ben Affleck Casey Affleck Dave Chappelle Guillermo Díaz Angela Featherstone Janeane Garofalo Gaby Hoffmann Kate Hudson Courtney Love Jay Mohr Martha Plimpton Christina Ricci and Paul Rudd.
 A Terrible Beauty (a.k.a. The Night Fighters) is a 1960 drama film directed by Tay Garnett and starring Robert Mitchum and Richard Harris. It was adapted from a 1958 novel of the same name written by Arthur Roth. It was an international co-production between the United Kingdom and Robert Mitchum's production company DRM.
 Magic is a 1917 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Victor Varconi Magda Nagy and Antal Nyáray.
 The Haircut is a 1982 American short drama film directed by Tamar Simon Hoffs. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 Captured! is a 1933 film about World War I prisoners of war in a German camp. It stars Leslie Howard and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and was based on the short story Fellow Prisoners by Sir Philip Gibbs.
 Jitter Bughouse was an American comedy short released by Columbia Pictures on March 20 1947 starring Joe DeRita Christine McIntyre and Emil Sitka. This was the fourth and final entry in the Joe DeRita series produced by Columbia from 1946-1948; all entries were remakes of other Columbia shorts. Sitka was at the time also a frequent supporting player in Columbia's Three Stooges short-film series; DeRita himself would join the Stooges in the late 1950s becoming Curly Joe DeRita.
 J-Men Forever is a 1979 comedy film by Philip Proctor and Peter Bergman of the Firesign Theatre. The film is a pastiche using film clips from Republic serials re-dubbed with comic dialog to tell a tale of world conquest by sex drugs and rock and roll.In the film the Lightning Bug embodied by garish villains from several serials attempts to take over the world with rock and roll. He later adds sex and drugs when music alone doesn't work.
 La Niña del gato is a 1953 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Rama O Rama is a 1988 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Mirza Brothers. It stars Raj Babbar and Kimi Katkar in pivotal roles.
 Salvation Nell is a 1931 film drama produced and directed by James Cruze and distributed by Tiffany Films a company then on the brink of ceasing operations. It is based on Edward Sheldon's 1908 Broadway play which starred Minnie Maddern Fiske. Two silent versions were produced ie in 1915 with Beatriz Michelena and in 1921 with Pauline Starke. Ralph Graves and Helen Chandler star in this film. Actor Matthew Betz appeared in both this film and the 1921 silent film.
 Kundo: Age of the Rampant (Hangul: 군도; RR: Gundo) is an upcoming period action film starring Ha Jung-woo and Kang Dong-won and written and directed by Yoon Jong-bin. Set in mid-19th century Joseon it is about a power struggle between the unjust wealthy noblemen who run society and a group of righteous outlaws who steal from corrupt officials to give to the downtrodden and starving.
 Scarecrow Slayer is a 2004 low-budget horror film which is a sequel to the 2002 film Scarecrow. The film was a direct-to-video release as well as its predecessor and its 2004 sequel Scarecrow Gone Wild.The film was directed by David Michael Latt. Latt also wrote the screenplay for the film. The film starred Tony Todd Nicole Kingston and David Castro. The film is rated R for horror violence/gore and language and has a running time of 90 minutes.
 Love Cavalcade (French: Cavalcade d'amour) is a 1940 French film directed by Raymond Bernard and written by Jean Anouilh.
 Maa Baap is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 Oblivious is a 2001 short film written and directed by Ozgur Uyanik. It won the Canal+ Prize for Best European Short Film at the Brussels European Film Festival 2001.
 6-5=2 is a 2013 Kannada horror movie written and directed by a newcomer director KS Ashoka. It is the first found footage movie in Kannada. The plot revolves around a fatal trek accident.
 Some Kind of Wonderful is a 1987 American romance film starring Eric Stoltz Mary Stuart Masterson and Lea Thompson. It is one of the several successful teen dramas written by John Hughes in the 1980s although this one was directed by Howard Deutch.
 A Woman in Pawn is a 1927 British silent crime film directed by Edwin Greenwood and starring Gladys Jennings John Stuart and Lauderdale Maitland. It was based on a melodramatic play by Frank Stayton. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
 Counterfeit is a 1919 American silent film detective drama directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Elsie Ferguson. The assistant director was C. Van Arsdale.The picture was the fourth film Fitzmaurice and Ferguson worked on and is now considered a lost film.
 Death’s Requiem is an Australian 2007 short film. It tells of Nathan Chapel a terminally ill comic book artist with an obsession for death. But When the Grim Reaper himself pays Nathan comes to life to haunt him Nathan's greatest fears are realized.The film starred Jai Koutrae as Nathan Chapel.
 Family of Cops is a 1995 made-for-TV thriller film from Trimark Pictures directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Charles Bronson Daniel Baldwin Angela Featherstone and Sebastian Spence. Filming locations were in these places Milwaukee Wisconsin USA and Toronto Ontario Canada. This film has 3 films in the trilogy.
 Mr. Proudfoot Shows a Light is a 1941 British World War II public information/propaganda short film directed by Herbert Mason and featuring cameos from a number of well-known actors of the day. The film was commissioned by the Ministry of Information and was designed to emphasise in a humorous manner the need for absolute adherence to wartime blackout regulations.
 Dallas: J.R. Returns is a 1996 television movie. It is the first of two Dallas reunion movies produced after the series went off the air in 1991. It originally aired on CBS on November 15 1996 and was rerun as part of TV Land's salute to 50 years of Warner Bros. Television.
 Give Out Sisters is a 1942 American film starring The Andrews Sisters. The film co-stars Dan Dailey and the teenage couple of the time Donald O'Connor and Peggy Ryan. Dailey and O'Connor went on to be in the 1954 film There's No Business Like Show Business.
 The Seventh Cross is a 1944 film starring Spencer Tracy Hume Cronyn Ray Collins and Jessica Tandy. Cronyn was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. It was the first film in which Cronyn and Tandy who were married appeared together. This was among the first feature films directed by Fred Zinnemann later noted for films such as High Noon. The movie was adapted from the novel of the same name by the German refugee writer Anna Seghers.
 Badla is a Bollywood film directed by Master Bhagwan. It was released in 1943.
 Danger Valley is a 1937 American western released by Monogram Pictures directed by Robert N. Bradbury written by Robert Emmett Tansey (as Robert Emmett) and starring Addison Randall (aka Jack Randall).
 She Shoulda Said 'No'! (also known as Wild Weed; Marijuana the Devil's Weed; The Story of Lila Leeds and Her Exposé of the Marijuana Racket; and The Devil's Weed) is a 1949 exploitation film that follows in the spirit of morality tales such as the 1936 films Reefer Madness and Marihuana.
 The Old Swimmin' Hole is a 1940 American film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
 Tansen is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the second highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 30 Rock: A XXX Parody is an American pornographic film released on August 24 2009 that parodies the television comedy series 30 Rock. The film was directed by Lee Roy Myers and produced by the company New Sensations who had also created parodies such as Scrubs: A XXX Parody and Seinfeld: A XXX Parody.
 Mummy Punjabi (Hindi: माँ पंजाबी)is the 2011 film written and directed by Pammi Somal starring Kiron Kher Kanwaljit Singh and Jackie Shroff in lead roles.
 Air Guitar Nation is a feature-length 2006 documentary about the first US Air Guitar Championships following the top contestants David C-Diddy Jung and Dan Björn Türoque Crane to the 2003 World Championship in Oulu Finland.The film premiered in 2006 as part of the AFI/Discovery Channel Documentary Film Festival and was then played at the 2007 Adelaide International Film Festival.
 The Three from the Filling Station (German:Die Drei von der Tankstelle) is a 1955 West German musical film directed by Hans Wolff and starring Adrian Hoven Walter Müller and Walter Giller. After losing their money three young men go to work at a filling station where they all fall in love with the same woman. The film is a remake of the 1930 UFA film The Three from the Filling Station. It was one of a series of remakes made during the 1950s of major hits during the Weimar and Nazi eras.
 Control Factor is a 2003 Sci Fi Pictures science fiction TV-movie.
 Valley of Angels is a 2008 urban action drama film written and directed by Jon Rosten. The film is about a young West LA drug dealer who searches for a path out of his dangerous existence.
 The Mark of Zorro is a 1974 television film and also a backdoor pilot for a television series which ABC-TV declined to pick up. The film used Alfred Newman's musical score for the 1940 film version along with new incidental music composed by Dominic Frontiere.
 Ex$pendable is a 2008 urban film written by Julian Phillips and Shurwill Langston and produced by Sean Shurwil Langston and directed by Frank E. Jackson Jr. It features an ensemble cast that includes Gary Sturgis Taral Hicks Omillio Sparks Sundy Carter William L. Johnson Thuliso Dingwall Gillie Da Kid and Michael Blackson. This Philadelphia crime drama explores the world of snitches rival gangs policemen and corrupt city officials.
 The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon (also known as The Philadelphia Phenomenon) is a 1998 television movie starring Tony Danza from Walt Disney Pictures.
 Kissing A Fool is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Doug Ellin. It primarily stars David Schwimmer Jason Lee Mili Avital Kari Wührer and Vanessa Angel. Its plot is inspired by the short story El curioso impertinente that appears in Don Quixote.[citation needed]
 A Strange Transgressor is a 1917 silent drama film starring Louise Glaum J. Barney Sherry and Colin Chase.Directed by Reginald Barker and produced by Thomas H. Ince the screenplay was adapted by J. G. Hawks from the story by John Lynch.It was produced by the Triangle Film Corporation and it was distributed by Triangle Distributing.
 The Redwoods is a 1967 American short documentary film produced by Trevor Greenwood and Mark Jonathan Harris. It was produced for the Sierra Club as part of their campaign for a national park to protect the redwood forest. It won an Academy Award in 1968 for Documentary Short Subject.
 The Happy Elf is a 3D-animated family holiday special which first aired December 2 2005 on the NBC television network in the USA. Based on Grammy-winner Harry Connick Jr.’s original song The Happy Elf.Production on the special is by Film Roman an IDT Entertainment company the same animation company known for producing The Simpsons.
 A Week's Vacation (French: Une semaine de vacances) is a 1980 French drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cannibal Terror (French title: Terreur Cannibale) is a 1981 Cannibal film. It was directed by Alain Deruelle and written by Julio Pérez Tabernero and H.L. Rostaine. (Jesus Franco was an uncredited co-writer on this project.) Released at the end of the cannibal boom this film is French instead of Italian like most films of the genre.The film is notable for the fact that it shares an amount of footage with 'Mondo Cannibale' (1980).
 The Comeback is a 1980 documentary film directed by Kit Laughlin starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. It follows Schwarzenegger as he returns from professional bodybuilding competitions in order to participate in the 7th Annual Body Building World Championships to try and regain the title of Mr Olympia.
 Waterfront is a 1944 American film from PRC Pictures directed by Steve Sekely.
 3 Ninjas is a 1992 American martial arts comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub starring Victor Wong Michael Treanor Max Elliott Slade and Chad Power. It was the only 3 Ninjas film released by Touchstone Pictures while the others were released by TriStar Pictures. The film is about three young brothers who learn martial arts from their Japanese grandfather.
 The Arrival of Averill (German: Averills Ankommen) is a 1992 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Schottenberg. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bili Hendthi (Kannada: ಬಿಳಿ ಹೆಂಡ್ತಿ) is a 1975 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal starring Aarathi Loknath and Margaret Thomson.
 Jeene Ki Raah(English: Way of Life) is a 1969 Hindi movie produced directed and written by L. V. Prasad. The film stars Jeetendra Tanuja Jagdeep and Sanjeev Kumar. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal with lyrics by Anand Bakshi. It is remake of 1953 Telugu film Bratuku Theruvu.
 Ratas Ratones Rateros is a 1999 Ecuadorian film directed by Sebastián Cordero and starring Simón Brauer and Marco Bustos. It wasn't widely released until 2001 or 2002. It was nominated for Best Film of the Year in 2001 by the Spanish Goya Awards.The plot follows the life of Salvador (Bustos) a young petty thief from Quito after he is visited by his cousin Ángel (Valencia) an ex-convict with a bounty on his head.
 The Crossing is a 2000 historical TV film about George Washington crossing the Delaware River and the Battle of Trenton directed by Robert Harmon. Based on the novel of the same name by Howard Fast it stars Jeff Daniels as George Washington. Also appearing in the film are Roger Rees as Hugh Mercer Sebastian Roche as John Glover and Steven McCarthy as Alexander Hamilton.
 Mutiny on the Bounty is a 1935 film starring Charles Laughton and Clark Gable and directed by Frank Lloyd based on the Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall novel Mutiny on the Bounty.The film was one of the biggest hits of its time. Although its historical accuracy has been questioned (inevitable as it is based on a novel about the facts not the facts themselves) film critics consider this adaptation to be the best cinematic work inspired by the mutiny.
 Gdje pingvini lete is a Croatian dramedy film directed by Josip Vujcic. It was released in 2008.
 Algérie histoires à ne pas dire is a 2007 documentary film.
 Feet of Clay was a 1924 American silent drama film directed and produced by Cecil B. DeMille starring Vera Reynolds and Rod La Rocque and with set design by Norman Bel Geddes. The film is based on the novel by Margaretta Tuttle and Beulah Marie Dix's one-act play Across the Border.Feet of Clay is now considered lost.
 The Tell-Tale Heart is a horror film directed by John La Tier based on Edgar Allan Poe's short story with the same name.
 Death Faces also released as Death Faces IV also 'Dying: Last seconds of Life' and (in a re edited version) 'Beyond Reality' is a mockumentary about cannibalism released directly to video originally in 1988.Narrated by Prof. Bizarro Blackstone the film is actually footage from various horror films about cannibalism and newsreel footage of Bonnie and Clyde John Dillinger Adolf Hitler.
 Zameen Aasmaan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Cally's Comet is a short silent American drama film released on April 18 1911. It featured William Garwood a respected actor at the time. The film was produced by the Thanhouser Company and released in black and white.
 The Hell with Heroes is a 1968 film directed by Joseph Sargent set in Africa immediately after World War II. Although by this stage Rod Taylor was a reasonably big film star the producers could get him cheap for this movie under an old multi-picture contract he had signed with Universal in 1962.
 Let George Do It is a 1940 British black-and-white comedy musical war film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring George Formby. It was produced by Associated Talking Pictures and Ealing Studios. It was released in the United States under the title To Hell With Hitler. This was the first of the Ealing Studios comedies to deal directly with WW II.
 Autism Is a World is an American short subject documentary film written by Sue Rubin in 2004 a woman with autism who learned to communicate via facilitated communication produced and directed by Gerardine Wurzburg and co-produced by the CNN cable network. It was nominated in the 77th annual Academy Awards for Best Documentary Short Subject.
 A Year of the Quiet Sun (Polish: Rok spokojnego słońca) is a 1984 Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. It tells the story of a romance between a Polish refugee and an American soldier.The film was nominated for 1986's Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film. At the Venice Film Festival the film was awarded the Golden Lion and Pasinetti Awards.
 Raktamukhi Neela (Bengali: রক্তমুখি নীলা) is a classic Bengali novel involving Byomkesh Bakshi written by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay. Following the novel storyline a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Debraj Sinha the movie featured Sabyasachi Chakrabarty Dolon Roy Dipankar Dey June Maliya and Bhaskar Bandyopadhyay.
 Madame X is a 1937 American drama film a sanitized remake of several Pre-Code films of the same name. It was directed by Sam Wood with additional direction by Gustav Machatý (uncredited). The film is based on the 1908 play by French playwright Alexandre Bisson (1848-1912).
 The Witch of Salem is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Raymond B. West and produced by Thomas H. Ince. The films stars Clara Williams and Charles Ray.
 Some Guy Who Kills People is a 2012 American satirical-comedy film directed by Jack Perez and written by Jack Levin. The film was made by a conglomerate of production studios - Level 10 Battle of Ireland Films and Litn-Up Films - and had John Landis as executive producer.
 Kiss Me Kate is the 1953 MGM film adaptation of the Broadway musical of the same name.Inspired by The Taming of the Shrew it tells the tale of musical theater actors Fred Graham and Lilli Vanessi who were once married and are now performing opposite each other in the roles of Petruchio and Katherine in a Broadway-bound musical version of William Shakespeare's play.Already on poor terms the pair begin an all-out emotional war mid-performance that threatens the production's success.
 The Battle for Barking is a 2010 British documentary film chronologically filming the campaign for the election of MP to the Barking constituency.
 Captain Newman M.D. is a 1963 film starring Gregory Peck Tony Curtis Angie Dickinson Robert Duvall Eddie Albert and Bobby Darin. It was directed by David Miller and filmed on location at Fort Huachuca Arizona.The movie is based on the 1963 novel by Leo Rosten. It was loosely based on the World War II experiences of Rosten's close friend Ralph Greenson M.D. while Greenson was a Captain in the Army Medical Corps supporting the U.S.
 Doorada Betta (Kannada: ದೂರದ ಬೆಟ್ಟ) is a 1973 Kannada film directed by Siddalingaiah. The film starred Rajkumar and Bharathi in lead roles. It had Balakrishna Ashwath and Sampath playing supporting roles.
 The End of the River (1947) is a British film made in Brazil about a South American Indian boy who leaves the jungle to the city where he is accused of murder. It was directed by Derek Twist and written by Wolfgang Wilhelm based on a novel by Desmond Holdridge. The film stars Sabu and Bibi Ferreira.The film was produced by Powell & Pressburger the famous filmmaking duo known as The Archers.
 Piedone l'africano (internationally released as Flatfoot in Africa Knock-Out Cop and The K.O. Cop) is a 1978 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Steno. It is the third and penultimate chapter in the Flatfoot film series.
 Tears of the Sun is a 2003 American war film depicting a U.S. Navy SEAL team rescue mission amidst the civil war in Nigeria. LT A.K. Waters (Bruce Willis) commands the team sent to rescue U.S. citizen Dr. Lena Fiore Kendricks (Monica Bellucci) from the civil war en route to her jungle hospital.
 The Vanishing West is a 1928 American Western film serial directed by Richard Thorpe. The film is considered to be lost.
 El Caballo del pueblo is a 1935 Argentine musical film comedy directed and written by Manuel Romero with Luis Bayón Herrera. It is a tango film and premiered on August 15 1935.The cinematography and editing was performed by Francisco Múgica.
 Second Dance (Swedish: Andra dansen) is a 1983 Swedish drama film directed by Lárus Ýmir Óskarsson. Kim Anderzon won the award for Best Actress at the 19th Guldbagge Awards.
 The Italian (Russian: Итальянец translit. Ital'janec) is a 2005 Russian drama film directed by Andrei Kravchuk. The screenplay by Andrei Romanov inspired by a true story focuses on a young boy's determined search for his mother.
 Ariane jeune fille russe is a 1931 French-German drama film directed by Paul Czinner and starring Gaby Morlay Rachel Devirys and Maria Fromet. It was a French-language version of the film Ariane made a co-production. It was adapted from the 1920 novel Ariane jeune fille russe by Claude Anet.
 The Mutants (Portuguese: Os mutantes) is a 1998 Portuguese film by director Teresa Villaverde starring Ana Moreira and Alexandre Pinto. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dance with the Wind (Korean: 바람의 전설; Baramui jeonseol) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Lee Sung-jae and Park Sol-mi and is the directorial debut of Park Jeong-woo. The story is adapted from a 1999 book by novelist Ji Seong-sa.
 Carolina Moon is a 2007 American television film directed by Stephen Tolkin and starring Claire Forlani and Oliver Hudson. Based on the Nora Roberts novel Carolina Moon the film is about a woman with psychic visions who returns to her hometown to exorcise her demons and finds both danger and love. Carolina Moon is part of the Nora Roberts 2007 movie collection which also includes Angels Fall Blue Smoke and Montana Sky. The movie debuted February 19 2007 on Lifetime Television.
 Friday is a 1995 American stoner buddy comedy film directed by F. Gary Gray in his directorial debut and starring Ice Cube Chris Tucker Nia Long Bernie Mac Tommy Lister Jr. and John Witherspoon. The film revolves around 16 hours in the lives of unemployed slackers Craig Jones and Smokey who must pay a drug dealer $200 by 10:00 PM that night. The film spawned two sequels: Next Friday and Friday After Next and a cancelled fourth film Last Friday.
 Agnes of God is a 1985 American film starring Jane Fonda Anne Bancroft and Meg Tilly about a novice nun who gives birth and insists that the dead child was the result of a virgin conception. A psychiatrist (Fonda) and the mother superior (Bancroft) of the convent clash during the resulting investigation. It was adapted by John Pielmeier from his own play of the same name and directed by Norman Jewison.
 Diver Dan was a series of 104 seven-minute live-action shorts made for children's television. Made by Brian Cartoons it was syndicated (mainly to NBC affiliates) and distributed by ITC Entertainment. The shows were sometimes re-edited into half-hour (including commercials) blocks by local stations.The series featured the adventures of a diver in an old-fashioned diving suit who talked to the passing fish.
 Wives Under Suspicion (1938) is a film directed by James Whale starring Warren William Gail Patrick Ralph Morgan and Constance Moore and released by Universal Pictures. In 1966 the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the Universal Pictures failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 West of Zanzibar is a 1928 American silent film directed by Tod Browning about the vengefulness of a cuckolded magician (Lon Chaney) paralyzed in a brawl with his rival (Lionel Barrymore). The supporting cast includes Mary Nolan and Warner Baxter. The picture is based on a 1926 Broadway play called Kongo starring Walter Huston. Huston starred in the 1932 talkie film adaptation of the same story using the Kongo title.
 La Aventura explosiva is a 1977 Argentine action comedy film directed by Ricardo Bauleo and Orestes Trucco and written by Salvador Valverde Calvo. The film starred Victor Bo. The cinematography was performed by Juan Carlos Desanzo.
 Journey Back To Oz is a 1971 Filmation Studios animated film (released worldwide between 1972 and 1974) and a sequel to the 1939 MGM film The Wizard of Oz. It is loosely based on L. Frank Baum's second Oz novel The Marvelous Land of Oz although Baum received no screen credit. However the Wizard was nowhere to be found at least in the theatrical version of the film.
 Poet and Muse (Finnish: Runoilija ja muusa) is a 1978 Finnish drama film directed by Jaakko Pakkasvirta. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Between the Lines is a 2008 documentary film that examines the Vietnam War and its effects on the surf culture.
 Faustina is a 1995 Polish movie directed by Jerzy Lukaszewicz about Blessed Sister Faustina Kowalska a saint of the Roman Catholic Church who was canonized by Pope John Paul II in 2000 . It is the first feature film of its kind in Poland and far from the path of modern cinema.According to the DVD's marketing materials Dorota Segda was voted top actress of the year by film critics for her stunning portrayal of Sister Faustina.
 The Silver Cliff (Portuguese: O Abismo Prateado) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Karim Aïnouz. Alessandra Negrini won the Best Actress prize on the Havana Film Festival for her role.
 Dead & Buried is a 1981 horror film directed by Gary Sherman starring Melody Anderson and James Farentino. With a screenplay written by Dan O'Bannon and Ronald Shusett the movie was initially banned as a video nasty in the UK in the early 1980s but was later acquitted of obscenity charges and removed from the Director of Public Prosecutions' list.The movie was subsequently novelized by Chelsea Quinn Yarbro.
 Flight into Hell is a 1985 mini series about a German pilot who goes missing in 1922.
 AmericanEast is a 2008 American drama film about Arab-Americans living in Los Angeles after the September 11 attacks.
 Back to the Woods is the 23rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Garter Colt (Italian: ''Giarrettiera Colt'') is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Gian Andrea Rocco. It is one of the rare Italo-westerns with a woman as lead character.
 Le Père Noël est une ordure (Santa Claus is a bastard) was a cult French theatre play created in 1979 by the troupe Le Splendid and turned into a film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré in 1982.
 Le Huitième Art et la Manière English: The Eighth Art and Way is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Maurice Regamey written by Armand Jammot starring Christian Alers and Louis de Funès.
 Surviving Progress is a 2011 Canadian documentary film loosely based on A Short History of Progress a book and a 2004 Massey Lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse. The film was produced by Daniel Louis Denise Robert and Gerry Flahive and written/directed by Mathieu Roy and Harold Crooks.
 Liar Wanted (Greek: Ζητείται ψεύτης - Ziteitai pseftis) is a 1961 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films based on the same named theatrical work of Dimitris Psathas. It was directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos Pantelis Zervos Anna Kyriakou Thanassis Vengos and Periklis Christoforidis.
 Zahreelay is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Jyotin Goel. It stars Jeetendra Sanjay Dutt Chunky Pandey Juhi Chawla and Bhanupriya in pivotal roles. Sanjay dutt did a negative role as RAAKA in this movie his performance was very good . Zahreelay was average at the box office.
 Synchronoff is a 2007 romantic animated short film. The plot follows two characters named Eleanora and Bert who become unsynchronized while dancing and must endeavour to return to the same rhythm. The film was screened at the Bimini Animation Festival as well as at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.
 Looney Tunes Super Stars' Foghorn Leghorn & Friends: Barnyard Bigmouth is a DVD of 8 new-to-DVD Foghorn Leghorn cartoons 1 previously-on-DVD Foghorn cartoon (marked with an asterik) and 6 additional new-to-DVD cartoons that was released on November 30 2010. Unlike previous Super Stars discs the disc not only contains the matted-widescreen versions of the cartoons but the original full screen versions as well.
 Black Cat is a 2007 Indian Malayalam action film written and directed by Vinayan and starring Suresh Gopi and Meena.
 Wuthering Heights is a 1998 British television film directed by David Skynner and produced by Jo Wright. It is based on the novel Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë. The novel was adapted for the screen by Neil McKay. The film was released on October 18 1998 in the United States.The film's tagline is Two hearts that beat as one.
 Going by the Book (Hangul: 바르게 살자; RR: Bareuge Salja) is a 2007 South Korean film.This is a remake of the 1991 Japanese film Asobi no jikan wa owaranai (遊びの時間は終らない).
 Dostana is a 1980 Bollywood drama film produced by Yash Johar and directed by Raj Khosla. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Shatrughan Sinha Zeenat Aman Prem Chopra Amrish Puri Helen Pran and Paintal. The film was the second highest grossing hit of 1980 after another of Amitabh Bachchan's film released that year namely Shaan. Dostana was one of the last successful movies directed by Raj Khosla.
 Libera me is a 1993 French experimental film directed by Alain Cavalier. It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 Korea Patrol (working title Korean Patrol) is a 1951 war film released by Eagle-Lion Films. Together with Sam Fuller’s The Steel Helmet and Sam Katzman’s A Yank in Korea it was one of the first Hollywood films exploiting the Korean War.
 Run for Your Life (also known as Marathon) is a 1988 Italian-British sport-drama film. It is the last film directed by Terence Young. It was filmed in Rome; during the filming Carradine married his third wife Gail Jensen.
 Wedding Daze is a 2004 comedy television film starring John Larroquette Karen Valentine Marina Black Kelly Overton Jaime Ray Newman Sebastian Tillinger James Waterson Justin Baldoni and French Stewart
 Chatterbox is a 1977 comedy film about a woman with a talking vagina. The movie stars Candice Rialson as Penelope a hairdresser who discovers her vagina has the power of speech after it derisively comments on a lover's performance. Penelope's talking vagina has a mind of its own which includes a desire to sing. Penelope and her talking vagina wind up exploited by her psychiatrist who launches her on a career in show business.
 The Gorgon is a 1964 British horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Films.It stars Peter Cushing Christopher Lee Barbara Shelley and Richard Pasco. The film was photographed by Michael Reed and designed by Bernard Robinson. For the score James Bernard combined a soprano with a little-known electronic instrument called the Novachord.
 Battle of Blood Island is a 1960 American World War II war film filmed in Puerto Rico. It was directed by Joel Rapp and based on the 1958 short story Expect the Vandals by Philip Roth.Roger Corman appears at the end of the movie as an American soldier.
 Rosa Morena is a 2010 Danish-Brazilian drama film directed by Carlos Augusto de Oliveira. The film premiered at the 2010 São Paulo International Film Festival.
 La battaglia di Maratona (English version: The Giant of Marathon) is a 1959 Italian sword and sandal film loosely based on the Battle of Marathon. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur and Mario Bava (Bava had to step in to complete the film). It starred Steve Reeves as Pheidippides (Phillipides in the film).
 Arrange to Settle is a comedy-drama film about an American-born Indian woman who has to decide between an arranged marriage and another love. The film was shot in 2011 in and around Washington D.C. and was completed in the end of 2012. The film is written and directed by Ishu Krishna. She received initial funding and marketing by using crowd funding platforms.
 Bim is a 1974 Trinidad and Tobago film written by Raoul Pantin and directed by Hugh A. Robertson. It was described by Bruce Paddington as one of the most important films to be produced in Trinidad and Tobago and ... one of the classics of Caribbean cinema.In 1975 at the United States Virgin Islands Film Festival in St Thomas Bim won a gold medal special jury award as a film of unusual merit.
 Xanadu is a 1980 romantic musical fantasy film written by Richard Christian Danus and Marc Reid Rubel and directed by Robert Greenwald. The title is a reference to the nightclub in the film which takes its name from Xanadu the summer capital of Kublai Khan's Yuan Dynasty in China. This city appears in Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge a poem that is quoted in the film. The film's plot was inspired by 1947's Down to Earth.
 Imagining Indians is a 1992 documentary film produced and directed by Native American filmmaker Victor Masayesva Jr. (Hopi). The documentary attempts to reveal the misrepresentation of Indigenous Native American culture and tradition in Classical Hollywood films by interviews with different Indigenous Native American actors and extras from various tribes throughout the United States.
 Anayurt Oteli (English title: Motherland Hotel) is a 1986 Turkish film directed by Ömer Kavur. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Yusuf Atılgan.
 The Feminine Touch (also called The November Conspiracy) is a 1995 direct-to-video thriller film directed by Conrad Janis. It stars Paige Turco as Jennifer Barron a woman who is targeted after her boyfriend is assassinated leaving secret documents in her possession.
 Masanada Hoove (Kannada: ಮಸಣದ ಹೂವು) (Graveyard flower) is a 1984 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal based on T. R. Subba Rao's novel of the same name. The film stars Jayanthi Ambarish and Aparna in lead roles. It was Puttanna Kanagal's last as a director. His friend film director K. S. L. Swamy completed the film. The film won multiple awards at the 1985-86 Karnataka State Film Awards including Best Actress (Jayanthi) and Best Supporting Actor.
 Closed Circuit (Italian: Circuito chiuso) is a 1978 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dustclouds is the second film by director Filip Jan Rymsza. It serves as a companion to his 2004 film Sandcastles. Dustclouds and Sandcastles travel in a ceaseless loop forming a diptych titled Sunday Morning Sublime. Each film starts where the other leaves off and can be seen independently or together. Different stories emerge depending on the order in which they’re viewed.
 Os Verdes Anos is a 1963 Portuguese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha.
 Besieged City (圍城) is a 2008 Hong Kong film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon. It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong.
 Ballets Russes is an American 2005 feature documentary about the dancers of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. It was directed by Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller and featured Irina Baronova Alicia Markova George Zoritch and Tatiana Riabouchinska among others. It was narrated by Marian Seldes. It is distributed by Zeitgeist Films.
 Strange Fits of Passion is a 1999 Australian film about a young woman determined to lose her virginity.
 Kamen Rider × Kamen Rider W & Decade: Movie War 2010 (仮面ライダー×仮面ライダーW（ダブル）&ディケイド MOVIE大戦2010 Kamen Raidā × Kamen Raidā: Daburu ando Dikeido Mūbī Taisen Nisenjū) is the name given to the commercial promotion for the December 12 2009 theatrical releases of the Kamen Rider Decade epilogue film the Kamen Rider W prologue/flashback film and a third film that exists as a crossover between the two and serves as the finale to Decade.
 The Walking Dead is a 1936 American horror film distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Boris Karloff who played a wrongly executed man who is restored to life by a scientist (Edmund Gwenn).
 The Last International Playboy (also known as Frost) is a 2009 American independent film directed by Steve Clark and written by Steve Clark and Thomas Moffett. The cast includes Jason Behr Monet Mazur Krysten Ritter Mike Landry India Ennenga Lydia Hearst Lucy Gordon and Carlos Velazquez. Shooting began in May 2007. The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival in January 2008.
 Slightly Honorable is a 1939 American film directed by Tay Garnett. The film was based on the 1939 novel Send Another Coffin by F.G. Presnell.
 Next Time Ned is a Scottish feature film written and directed by Thomas McCue and starring Raymond Mearns. It featured Glasgow band San Sebastian on its soundtrack. The theme tune of I belong to Glasgow was recorded by Glasgow band Funkilicious. The film was premiered on 8 May 2009 at Jumping Jak's in Glasgow.
 Rambo: First Blood Part II (also known as Rambo II or First Blood II) is a 1985 American action film directed by George P. Cosmatos and starring Sylvester Stallone. The screenplay was by Stallone and James Cameron. A sequel to 1982's First Blood it is the second installment in the Rambo series with Stallone reprising his role as Vietnam veteran John Rambo.
 Urban Cowboy is a 1980 American western romantic drama film about the love-hate relationship between Buford Uan Davis 'Bud' (John Travolta) and Sissy (Debra Winger). The movie captured the late 1970s/early 1980s popularity of country music. It was John Travolta's third major acting role after Saturday Night Fever and Grease.
 I Like It Like That is a 1994 comedy-drama film about the trials and tribulations of a young Puerto Rican couple living in the poverty-stricken New York City neighborhood of the South Bronx.
 Phir Teri Kahani Yaad Aayee is a Bollywood film released on Zee TV in 1993. It was produced by Jonny Bakshi and Nitin Keni directed by Mahesh Bhatt and starred his daughter Pooja Bhatt in the lead female role. The lead male role was played by Rahul Roy. Pooja Bedi and Avtar Gill played supporting roles in the movie. This movie is believed to be based upon the real life story between the director Mahesh Bhatt and Parveen Babi.
 Anubhoothi is a 1997 drama Malayalam movie directed by IV Sasi produced by Shyam. It stars Suresh Gopi Khushboo in leading roles.
 Little Fish Strange Pond (alternate title: Frenemy) is a 2009 direct-to-DVD indie film directed by Gregory Dark and written by Robert Dean Klein.
 Chand Sa Roshan Chehra is a 2005 Indian Bollywood film directed by Shabah Shamsi and produced by Salim. It stars Samir Aftab and Tamannaah in pivotal roles.
 Romance in Mekong River (also known as Honor Redeemed or Love Redeemed in Hong Kong; Chinese: 湄江情浪) is a 1933 2 hours romance musical film made by a group of Chinese overseas in Bangkok formed Siam United Film Studio Thailand directed by a USA Hollywood director with Western Electric Company's Movietone sound system in Cantonese dialect. The film premiered in Thailand cinemas on 10 October 1933 in Hong Kong cinemas on 17 December 1933 and in Singapore cinemas on 8 December 1934.
 Action is a 1980 Italian black comedy directed by Tinto Brass. The film is reminiscent of the director's earlier avant-garde low-budget works such as The Howl and Nerosubianco.Brass faced many difficulties in Italy due to lawsuits concerning the production of Caligula and he could film Action in London in 1979.
 The Fall of the House of Usher (French: La Chute de la maison Usher) is a 1928 French horror film directed by Jean Epstein one of multiple films based on the Gothic short story The Fall of the House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe. Future director Luis Buñuel co-wrote the screenplay with Epstein his second film credit having previously worked as assistant director on Epstein's film Mauprat from 1926.
 Savage Messiah (French: Moïse l’affaire Roch Thériault) is a Canadian drama film released in 2002. The film dramatizes the real life story of Roch Moïse Thériault a cult leader who was arrested in Burnt River Ontario in 1989.The film stars Luc Picard as Thériault and Polly Walker as Paula Jackson the social worker whose investigation revealed Thériault's crimes.
 Splendori e miserie di Madame Royale (also known as Madame Royale) is a 1970 Italian comedy drama film directed by Vittorio Caprioli.
 The Men Who Built America (also known as The Innovators: The Men Who Built America in some international markets) is a History eight-hour four-part miniseries docudrama broadcast in Fall (Autumn) 2012 and on the History Channel UK in Spring 2013. The series focuses on Cornelius Vanderbilt John D. Rockefeller Andrew Carnegie J. P. Morgan and Henry Ford and how their industrial innovations and business empires revolutionized and as alluded to in the title built America.
 Everything Happens to Me is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Max Miller Chili Bouchier and H.F. Maltby. The film was a quota quickie production featuring Miller as a vacuum-cleaner salesman volunteering as an election agent to canvas on behalf of prospective candidate Arthur Gusty (Maltby).
 The Invader is a 1997 film directed by Mark Rosman.A day has come when not one but two UFOs make their way into Earth's atmosphere. The larger ship is clearly chasing the smaller one and the alien has the look of a soldier about him. The smaller ship is able to cause the larger one to crash then lands itself. The pilot (Renn) sets out for town looking for an Earth woman named Annie Nilssen. Annie is a local school teacher who has recently broken up with her boyfriend Sheriff Jack Logan.
 Gone in 60 Seconds is a 2000 American action film starring Nicolas Cage Angelina Jolie Giovanni Ribisi Christopher Eccleston Robert Duvall Vinnie Jones and Will Patton. The film was directed by Dominic Sena written by Scott Rosenberg and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer producer of The Rock and Con Air (both of which starred Cage) and Armageddon (which starred Patton) and is a loose remake of the 1974 H.B.
 Manila is an independently produced twinbill film that pays homage to Lino Brocka's Jaguar and Ishmael Bernal's Manila By Night. Piolo Pascual co-produced and starred in both episodes.
 The Secret Life of Algernon is a 1997 film directed by Charles Jarrott. It stars John Cullum and Carrie-Anne Moss in an early film appearance. It won an award at the 1998 Breckenridge Festival of Film.
 War Love God & Madness is a documentary directed by Mohamed Al-Daradji in 2008. The film runs 83 minutes and is based on the Iraq War. The film documents the efforts of the making of the film Ahlaam in Iraq during the War.The documentary was originally in Arabic although English subtitles are available.
 Two Night Stand is an upcoming romantic comedy film directed by Max Nichols and written by Mark Hammer. The film stars Miles Teller Analeigh Tipton Jessica Szohr and Leven Rambin.On November 10 2013 it was announced that there were two offers for the rights of the film in the US. Entertainment One just picked the US rights to the film on November 21 for a release in 2014.
 All Over Town is a 1937 American film directed by James W. Horne.
 Toula ou Le génie des eaux is a 1973 drama film directed by Moustapha Alassane.
 My Dog Killer (Slovak: Môj pes Killer) is a 2013 Slovak drama film written and directed by Mira Fornay. The film was selected as the Slovak entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Charas: A Joint Operation is a 2004 Bollywood action thriller film about the illegal drug trade produced by Aditya Chopra and Karan Johar directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia. Set in Kasol a village near Manikaran in Kullu Himachal Pradesh it stars Irfan Khan Uday Chopra Jimmy Shergill Namrata Shirodkar and Hrishita Bhatt.
 Anne of Avonlea is a 1987 Canadian television film. It is a sequel to the 1985 Anne of Green Gables film. The film dramatizes material from several books in the eight-novel Anne series by Lucy Maud Montgomery; they are Anne of Avonlea (Book Two) Anne of the Island (Book Three) and Anne of Windy Poplars (Book Four).
 Han Gong-ju (Hangul: 한공주) is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Su-jin starring Chun Woo-hee in the title role.
 Marionette is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone. It featured the onscreen debut of Marcello Mastroianni as an uncredited extra.
 Trapped Beneath the Sea is a 1974 television movie about four men trapped in a mini-submarine in waters off the coast of Florida. Paul Michael Glaser Joshua Bryant Cliff Potts and Roger Kern play the victims in this movie. Lee J. Cobb and Martin Balsam are among those trying to rescue them.
 A Matter of WHO is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Terry-Thomas as a World Health Organisation employee trying to trail the source of a deadly virus. It also featured Julie Alexander Sonja Ziemann Alex Nicol Richard Briers Honor Blackman and Carol White.According to MGM records it made a loss of $142000.
 Enough is a 2002 American drama-thriller film directed by Michael Apted. The movie is based on the New York Times bestseller Anna Quindlen 1998 novel Black and Blue. It stars Jennifer Lopez as Slim an abused wife who learns to fight back. Enough garnered generally negative reviews from film critics although several aspects of the film including the actors' performances were praised.
 Superman/Batman: Apocalypse is a 2010 direct-to-video animated superhero film based on the Superman/Batman comic storyline The Supergirl from Krypton and is a sequel to Superman/Batman: Public Enemies. The art style is partly based on that of Michael Turner who penciled the Superman/Batman comic book arc. The film is the ninth in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies line released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation and the first sequel in the line.
 The Lady from the City (Albanian: Zonja nga qyteti) is a 1976 Albanian comedy film directed by Piro Milkani.
 Edge of Darkness is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and also produced by Michael Wearing starring Mel Gibson.It was based on the 1985 BBC television series Edge of Darkness. This was Gibson's first screen lead since Signs which was released in late 2002.Edge of Darkness follows a detective (Gibson) investigating the murder of his activist daughter (Bojana Novakovic) while uncovering political conspiracies and cover-ups in the process.
 Import/Export is an Austrian film by the director Ulrich Seidl from 2007. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and won the Grand Prix - Golden Apricot reward at the Yerevan International Film Festival. The film was shot in Vienna Ukraine Romania the Czech Republic and Slovakia from 2005 until May 2007 on 16mm film.
 They All Fall is a 1925 American comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Reckless is a 1984 love story shot in the Appalachian Mountains and Rust Belt of Steubenville Ohio Weirton West Virginia and Mingo Junction Ohio. Starring Daryl Hannah and Aidan Quinn. Directed by James Foley and written by Chris Columbus. Soundtrack by INXS Romeo Void Bob Seger and Thomas Newman. The film was rated R in the United States.
 Tiyasha is an upcoming 2013 Bengali film directed by Animesh Roy starring Saswata Chatterjee and Chandrayee Ghosh. The story of the film revolves around modern day relationships.
 Wanda is an independent 1970 drama film that was written and directed by Barbara Loden who also stars in the title role. It is set in the anthracite coal region of eastern Pennsylvania.
 The Night Crew is an upcoming American action thriller film directed by Christian Sesma and co-written by Paul Sloan and Sesma. The film stars Danny Trejo Luke Goss Bokeem Woodbine and Chasty Ballesteros.
 The Fear of Women (German:Die Furcht vor dem Weibe) is a 1921 silent drama film directed by Hanna Henning and starring Bernd Aldor Wilhelm Diegelmann and Otto Gebühr. The film was based on a novel by Georg Engel. It premiered in Berlin on 23 June 1921. The film's art direction was by Julian Ballenstedt.
 The Supernaturals (1986) is a Zombie Horror film directed by Armand Mastroianni and written by Michael S. Murphey and Joel Soisson. Filmed in the United States in 1985 The Supernaturals was released by Embassy Pictures in 1986 and has never been re-released since its original VHS Video rental format.
 Sheepmates was a proposed Australian film from director F.W. Thring based on a 1931 novel by William Hatfield.
 All That I Love (Polish: Wszystko co kocham) is a 2009 Polish film directed by Jacek Borcuch. The film has been selected for competition in the Word Cinema Dramatic Competition at the Sundance Film Festival 2010. It was also selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 Alang-Alang (taken from the Indonesian word for blady grass) is a 1939 film from the Dutch East Indies. Starring Mohamad Mochtar and Hadidjah it follows a young man in his quest to rescue his love from a bandit. Inspired by the Tarzan film series and shot in a period of one month with borrowed animals the film was a commercial success and credited as a factor in the solidification of the Indies' film industry as well as helping jump start the Malaysian and Singaporean ones.
 Soldiers' Girls (女の防波堤 Onna no bōhatei) is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Haku Komori.
 The Loves of Edgar Allan Poe is a 1942 Drama directed by Harry Lachman starring Linda Darnell and Shepperd Strudwick.
 Cleopatra's Daughter (Italian: Il sepolcro dei re) is a 1960 historical drama film set in Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Khufu (r. 2589-2566 BC). The film starred Debra Paget and was directed by Fernando Cerchio. For some reason the English version was translated very differently from the original Italian script setting the film in the 1st century BC rather than the early Bronze Age.
 Chitti Tammudu (Telugu: చిట్టి తమ్ముడు) is a 1962 Telugu Drama film directed by K. B. Tilak.The film is based on the English novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.
 Ingomar the Barbarian is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Assassin (Chinese: 聶隱娘) is an upcoming Taiwanese martial arts film directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien.
 Battlestar Galactica: The Plan is a television film set in the reimagined version of the fictional Battlestar Galactica universe. It consists of newly filmed material as well as a compilation of footage from the TV series and miniseries.The miniseries and first two seasons of Battlestar Galactica are retold with more emphasis on the Cylon perspective and their plan to wipe out the human race.
 Scenes of the Crime is a 2001 film directed by Dominique Forma and written by Daniel Golka Amit Mehta and Forma. It was met with mixed opinions and moderate but ultimately positive reviews.It brings together the talents of Jon Abrahams Jeff Bridges Noah Wyle R. Lee Ermey Peter Greene Mädchen Amick Morris Chestnut Bob Gunton and Brian Goodman.
 Pépé le Moko (French for Pépé the Toulon man) is a 1937 French film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Jean Gabin. It depicts an infamous gangster nicknamed Pépé le Moko ('Moko' is slang for a man from Toulon). The film is based on Henri La Barthe's novel of the same name; La Barthe contributed to the screenplay under the pseudonym Détective Ashelbé.
 Meet Baluyev! (Russian: Знакомьтесь Балуев! translit. Znakomtes Baluyev!) is a 1963 Soviet drama film directed by Victor Komissarjevski and based on a 1960 novel by Vadim Kozhevnikov. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Forty Carats is a 1973 American film directed by Milton Katselas based on the play of the same name by Jay Presson Allen. The screenplay was written by Leonard Gershe (who significantly changed the ending) and directed by Milton Katselas.The cast includes Liv Ullman Edward Albert Gene Kelly Binnie Barnes Deborah Raffin Nancy Walker and Natalie Schafer.
 Thursday's Child is a 1983 television film directed by David Lowell Rich based on the book by Victoria Poole.
 Freaky Friday is a 1995 television film based on the novel Freaky Friday.
 Royal Wedding is a 1951 MGM musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire and Jane Powell with music by Burton Lane and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner. The film was directed by Stanley Donen; it was his second film and the first he directed on his own. It was released as Wedding Bells in the United Kingdom.The story is set in London in 1947 at the time of the wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten Duke of Edinburgh.
 Mrs. Dane's Defence is a 1933 British drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Joan Barry Basil Gill and Francis James. It was an adaptation of the 1900 play Mrs Dane's Defence by Henry Arthur Jones.
 Utkarsha (Kannada: ಉತ್ಕರ್ಷ) is a 1990 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Devraj.
 The Sting of Death (死の棘 Shi no Toge) is a 1990 Japanese film directed by Kōhei Oguri and based on the novel by Toshio Shimao. It tells the story of a writer with a wandering eye and his jealous wife.
 Splinters in the Navy (1931) is a British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Sydney Howard Alf Goddard and Helena Pickard. The film was made at Twickenham Studios and is a sequel to the film Splinters (1929) about an army concert party. A further sequel Splinters in the Air was released in 1937.
 Rosy Dreams (Ružové sny) is a 1977 Czechoslovak film. Despite its whimsical poetic style it was the first Central European feature film that put the Romani (Gypsy) community at the center stage in a realistic manner.
 Conrad in Quest of His Youth is a 1920 silent film dramedy directed by William C. deMille and starring Thomas Meighan. The film is based on a novel Conrad in Search of His Youth by Leonard Merrick adapted and written for the screen by Olga Printzlau. This film survives at the Library of Congress.
 The Street is a 1976 animated short by Caroline Leaf based on a short story of the of same name by Mordecai Richler and produced by the National Film Board of Canada.Animated using paint on glass animation and set on Saint Urbain Street in Montreal the explores the reactions of Jewish family in the early 20th century to the death of a grandmother.
 Paranthe Wali Gali is a 2014 Indian romance comedy film directed and produced by the award winning playwright and theatre director Sachin Gupta under Chilsag-Civitech Motion Pictures. It is produced by Sachin Gupta and Sushma Gupta and co-produced by Subodh Goel and Alka Goel. The film stars Anuj Saxena and Neha Pawar in the lead roles.
 Der letzte Fußgänger is a 1960 West German film directed by Wilhelm Thiele.
 S.F.W. (or So Fucking What) is a 1994 film directed by Jefery Levy. It is based on a novel by Andrew Wellman and stars Stephen Dorff Jake Busey and Reese Witherspoon in one of her first lead roles.
 Boquitas pintadas is a 1974 Argentine film it was adapted by the novel of the same name. The English translation is named Heartbreak Tango.
 Slate Wyn and Me is a 1987 Australian film starring Sigrid Thornton.
 Ah! My Goddess: The Movie (劇場版「ああっ女神さまっ」 Gekijōban Aa! Megami-sama!) is a 2000 Japanese animated film directed by Hiroaki Gōda written by Michiko Yokote and Yoshihiko Tomizawa animated by Anime International Company and co-produced by Kodansha Dentsu Sega Enterprises Pony Canyon Nippon Shupan Hanbai AIC MOVIC and Shochiku based on the manga of the same name by Kōsuke Fujishima. The film's theatrical release took place on October 21 2000.
 Titanic Town is a 1998 film. Ciarán Hinds and Julie Walters play Aidan and Bernie McPhelimy a mother and father caught in the Northern Ireland Troubles in Belfast (known for building the Titanic hence the title). Bernie's close friend is killed in the crossfire and so she becomes involved in the peace process.
 Jug Face is a 2013 horror film written and directed by Chad Crawford Kinkle and starring Sean Bridgers Lauren Ashley Carter Larry Fessenden Sean Young and Daniel Manche. The film was produced by Andrew van den Houten the CEO of Modernciné and Robert Tonino. The story follows a teen (Carter) who is pregnant with her brother's child and tries to escape from a backwoods community only to discover that she must sacrifice herself to a creature in a pit.
 Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll is a 1987 documentary film directed by Taylor Hackford that chronicles two 1986 concerts celebrating rock and roll musician Chuck Berry's 60th birthday. A soundtrack album was released in October 1987 on the MCA label.The two concerts were held on October 16 1986 at the Fox Theatre in St.
 Mate Cosido is a 1962 Argentine film.
 Reshmi Sari is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Flirting with Disaster is a 1996 American comedy film written and directed by David O. Russell about a young father's search for his biological parents. The film stars Ben Stiller Patricia Arquette Téa Leoni Mary Tyler Moore George Segal Alan Alda and Lily Tomlin. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chandika (Telugu: చండిక) is a 1940 Telugu film directed by R. S. Prakash. Veteran actress Pasupuleti Kannamba portrayed the role of Chandika.
 Shottas is a 2002 Jamaican crime film about two young men who participate in organized crime in Kingston Jamaica and Miami Florida. It stars Kymani Marley Spragga Benz Paul Campbell and Louie Rankin and was written and directed by Cess Silvera. Despite its low budget the distribution of an unfinished bootleg made it a cult favourite long before its official limited release in the United States by Triumph Films and Destination Films in 2006.
 Cinesapiens is a 3D movie by Edgar Pêra: a musical krypto-history of the Spectator from the cave to holocinema. Cinesapiens is a segment of the feature 3X3D with 2 other films by Jean-Luc Godard and Peter Greenaway which will premiere at the closing night of La Semaine de la Critique of the Cannes Film festival 2013.
 Dr. Mabuse the Gambler (German: Dr. Mabuse der Spieler) is the first film in the Dr. Mabuse series about the character Doctor Mabuse who featured in the novels of Norbert Jacques. It was directed by Fritz Lang and released in 1922. The film is silent and filmed mostly 16 frames per second. It would be followed by The Testament of Dr. Mabuse (1933) and The Thousand Eyes of Dr.
 Vober Hat (Bengali: ভবের হাট) is a Bangladeshi dramaserial written by Masum Reza and directed by Salauddin Lavlu. The 106-episode TV dramaserial was aired on Channel I and it has a rural setting depicting colourful lifestyles of a rural village. This drama stars Humayun Faridi ATM Shamsuzzaman Wahida Mollick Jolly Chanchal Chowdhury Salauddin Lavlu Fazlur Rahman Babu Mosharraf Karim Tania Diti and Bonna Mirza.
 Ragini IPS (Kannada: ರಾಗಿಣಿ ಐ.ಪಿ.ಎಸ್) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by K. Manju under banner K. Manju Cinemaas. It stars Ragini Dwivedi in the lead role and was the first Kannada film to be named after an actress.
 Antarjali Jatra (Bengali: অন্তর্জলী যাত্রা) also known as Antarjali Yatra is a 1987 film directed by Kolkata based Indian film director Goutam Ghose based on a novel Mahayatra by Kamal Kumar Majumdar. It documents the institution of Kulin Brahmin polygamy in nineteenth century Bengal. The film got National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali in 1988. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
 Anything to Survive aka. Almost Too Late is a 1990 American adventure film directed by Zale Dalen and starring Robert Conrad Matt LeBlanc and Emily Perkins. It is loosely based on the true story of the Wortman family of British Columbia.
 Modati Cinema (Telugu: మొదటి సినిమా) is a 2005 Telugu film starring Navdeep and Poonam Bajwa. It was directed by Kuchipudi Venkat to music by Swaraj.
 Three Veils is a 2011 film written and directed by Rolla Selbak starring Sheetal Sheth Angela Zahra and Mercedes Masöhn.
 The Winslow Boy is a 1948 film adaptation of Terence Rattigan's play The Winslow Boy. It was made by De Grunwald Productions and distributed by the British Lion Film Corporation. It was directed by Anthony Asquith and produced by Anatole de Grunwald with Teddy Baird as associate producer. The screenplay was written by de Grunwald and Rattigan based on Rattigan's play.
 Brotherhood of Death is a low-budget 1976 action film in the blaxploitation genre directed by Bill Berry and starring Roy Jefferson Le Tari and Haskell Anderson. The film featured appearances by several members including Jefferson of the Washington Redskins professional football team of the National Football League.
 The Penguin King (US title: Penguins 3D) is a 3D feature-length natural history documentary which follows the life of a male king penguin on South Georgia. The Penguin King is the second collaboration between Sky Atlantic Productions and David Attenborough who wrote and narrated the film. It was preceded by Flying Monsters 3D screened a year earlier and will be followed by the three-part series Kingdom of Plants 3D in spring 2012.
 The Ruins is a 2008 horror film directed by Carter Smith which stars Jordan Patrick Smith Jonathan Tucker Shawn Ashmore Jena Malone Laura Ramsey and Joe Anderson. Released in 2008 the American-Australian co-production is based on the novel of the same name by Scott Smith who also wrote the screenplay.
 Naseeb Apna Apna is a family entertainer starring Rishi KapoorFarah Naaz and Raadhika in the lead roles. The movie is the remake of 1982 Tamil movie Gopurangal Saivathillai (Towers never fall down).
 Bharath Stores is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri starring Sudharani H. G. Dattatreya Chi Guru Dutt V.Manohar and others. The film deals with issue of Foreign direct investment (FDI) in Indian retail industry and the impact of introduction of multi brand retail outlets on small retailers.
 Touching the Void is a 2003 documentary based on the book of the same name by Joe Simpson about Simpson's and Simon Yates' disastrous and near fatal attempt to climb Siula Grande (6344m) in the Cordillera Huayhuash in the Peruvian Andes in 1985.Critically acclaimed it was listed in the PBS' 100 Greatest Documentaries of All Time. The Guardian described it as the most successful documentary in British cinema history.
 Sentenced for Life is a 1960 British film.
 Emanuelle Around the World (Emanuelle – Perché violenza alle donne?) also known as The Degradation of Emanuelle and Confessions of Emanuelle is a 1977 sexploitation film by Italian director Joe D'Amato starring Laura Gemser and George Eastman. The film was one of the most expensive films ever made in Italy at that time not just in cast but in locations. The filming was done in many countries; Hong Kong Iran India America and in a studio in Italy.
 The Rebirth (愛の予感 Ai no yokan) is a Japanese film directed by Kobayashi Masahiro. It won the Golden Leopard at the 2007 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Tatsumi is a 2011 Singaporean animated drama film directed by Eric Khoo. It is based on the manga memoir A Drifting Life and five earlier short stories by the Japanese manga artist Yoshihiro Tatsumi. The film is a Singaporean production with Japanese dialogue and was animated in Indonesia. The film premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival on 17 May 2011. It later made its box office debut in the Singapore box office on 15 September 2011.
 DuBarry Was a Lady is a 1943 American musical comedy film starring Red Skelton Lucille Ball and Gene Kelly. It is based on the 1939 stage musical of the same name. Shot in Technicolor the film was directed by Roy Del Ruth and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It used very little of the original Cole Porter score. New characters were added and many of the original characters' names were changed.
 Inteha (Hindi: इन्तेहा Urdu: انتہا English: Limit) is a Bollywood film released in 24 October 2003. It was produced by Mukesh Bhatt and directed by Vikram Bhatt and stars Ashmit Patel Vidya Malvade and Nauheed Cyrusi. It is inspired by the Hollywood film Fear.
 Praise Band: The Movie is a 2008 faith-based film by Elevating Entertainment Motion Pictures. It starred George Hamilton IV Adam Melton and James Dana Bryan. The screenplay was written by Joshua Moody and the film was produced and directed by Dave Moody.
 Prom is a 2011 American teen drama film directed by Joe Nussbaum written by Katie Wech and produced by Ted Griffin and Justin Springer. It was released on April 29 2011 by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was the first major production shot with Arriflex's Alexa HD cameras to be released in theatres.
 Chintakayala Ravi is a 2008 Telugu romantic comedy cross over cinema starring Venkatesh Mamta Mohandas and Anushka Shetty. The soundtrack composed by Vishal-Shekhar received positive reviews.
 La dame de chez Maxim's (English:The Girl from Maxim's) is a 1933 British French-language comedy film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Florelle Esther Kiss and Ady Cresso. The film is a French-language version of the 1933 film The Girl from Maxim's made by London Film Productions. Both films were directed by Korda and were based on the 1899 farce La Dame de chez Maxim by Georges Feydeau.
 Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed is a British horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Film Productions from 1969. The cast includes Peter Cushing Freddie Jones Veronica Carlson and Simon Ward. The film is the fifth in a series of Hammer films centering on Dr. Frankenstein who in this entry tries brain surgery to save an associate who went mad.
 Down Home is a 1920 American silent drama film written directed and produced by Irvin Willat and starring Leatrice Joy and James Barrows. The film is based on the novel Dabney Todd by F. N. Westcott. It was distributed by the independent film distributor W. W. Hodkinson.An early surviving Leatrice Joy feature at the Library of Congress. The film is available on DVD from Ioffer.com
 Main Intequam Loonga is a 1982 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Reena Roy Amrish Puri and Nirupa Roy. Dharmendra plays the role of a boxer in the film. Footage from this film was used in the 2007 film Apne also starring Dharmendra as a retired boxer.
 Harbinger Down is an upcoming American independent science-fiction monster horror film written and directed by Alec Gillis and produced by Tom Woodruff Jr.; the founders of the special effects studio Amalgamated Dynamics (ADI). The plot of the film follows a group of graduate students aboard the titular fishing trawler Harbinger who are studying the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea.
 Balloon Farm is a 1999 tv movie that stars Rip Torn Mara Wilson and Laurie Metcalf. The movie was produced and premiered as part of The Wonderful World of Disney series. The movie is based on the book Harvey Potter's Balloon Farm by Jerdine Nolen.
 Sooryan (Malayalam: സൂര്യൻ) is a 2007 Malayalam musical action drama film directed by V. M. Vinu starring Jayaram and Vimala Raman in the lead.
 Journey to the End of Coal is a French web documentary directed by Samuel Bollendorff and Abel Segretin.Based on the choose your own adventure principle the interactive documentary tells the story of millions of Chinese coal miners who are risking their lives to satisfy their country’s appetite for economic growth.
 Television (Bengali: টেলিভিশন) is a 2012 Bangladeshi film directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and starring Shahir Huda Rumi Chanchal Chowdhury Mosharraf Karim Nusrat Imroz Tisha and others. The film was selected as the Bangladeshi entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. The film originates from the director's mother who had the same destiny as the Chairman in the film who was incapable of going to Hajj at the very ending of the film.
 The Great Moment is a 1944 biographical film written and directed by Preston Sturges. Based on the book Triumph Over Pain (1940) by René Fülöp-Miller it tells the story of Dr. William Thomas Green Morton a 19th-century Boston dentist who discovered the use of ether for general anesthesia.
 Amar Sangi is a 1987 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha produced by Dipti Pal.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Vijeta Pandit in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.This is Biggest Blockbuster film and also the remarkable film for Bengali film Industry.
 The River Wanganui is a 1913 documentary shot in New Zealand in 1912 on his 1912-13 South Pacific film-making voyage by French director Gaston Méliès. Like many of his films shot on that trip it is now lost. The film was released in the USA in 1913 and was described then as a trip up New Zealand’s most picturesque river known as the Rhine of that country. The river is now called the Whanganui River.
 That's Entertainment! is a 1974 compilation film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to celebrate its 50th anniversary. It was followed by two sequels and a related film called That's Dancing!.The film compiled by its writer-producer-director Jack Haley Jr. under the supervision of executive producer Daniel Melnick turned the spotlight on MGM's legacy of musical film from the 1920s through the 1950s featuring performances culled from dozens of the studio's famous films.
 Killing Heat (released in Sweden as Gräset sjunger) is a 1981 film based on Doris Lessing's 1950 novel The Grass Is Singing. It stars Karen Black and John Thaw and was filmed in Zambia.
 Pasáček z doliny (English: The Little Shepherd Boy from the Valley) is a 1983 Czechoslovak film. The film starred Josef Kemr.
 Claretta is a 1984 Italian historical drama film directed and written by Pasquale Squitieri.The film entered the competition at the 41° Venice International Film Festival. For her role of Claretta Petacci Claudia Cardinale was awarded with a Nastro d'Argento for Best Actress.
 Leprechaun 3 is a 1995 American comedy fantasy horror film. It is the third installment and first direct-to-video entry in the Leprechaun series.
 Sisters or the Balance of Happiness (German: Schwestern oder Die Balance des Glücks) is a 1979 West German drama film written and directed by Margarethe von Trotta.
 Cleopatra is a 1999 fictional film portrayal of the Egyptian queen Cleopatra produced by Hallmark Entertainment starring Leonor Varela as the title character Timothy Dalton as Julius Caesar Billy Zane as Mark Antony Rupert Graves as Octavius Sean Pertwee as Brutus and Bruce Payne as Cassius. The movie was based on the book Memoirs of Cleopatra by Margaret George. The film was shown first on television in two parts and then released on videotape and DVD.
 This article is about the film. For the single by Nickelback see Old Enough (Nickelback song). For the single by The Raconteurs see Old Enough (Raconteurs song).Old Enough is a 1984 teen drama film. It stars Sarah Boyd Rainbow Harvest Danny Aiello Neill Barry Roxanne Hart Alyssa Milano and Susan Kingsley.
 County Hospital is a Laurel and Hardy short film made in 1932. It was directed by James Parrott produced by Hal Roach and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Ollie is in hospital with a broken leg Stan comes to visit and ends up getting Ollie kicked out; on the way home Stan crashes the car.
 The Lost World is a 1925 silent fantasy adventure film and an adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's 1912 novel of the same name. The movie was produced by First National Pictures a large Hollywood studio at the time and stars Wallace Beery as Professor Challenger. This version was directed by Harry O. Hoyt and featured pioneering stop motion special effects by Willis O'Brien (an invaluable warmup for his work on the original King Kong directed by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack).
 Fille du peuple (1920) is a French silent film directed by Camille de Morlhon and featuring Charles de Rochefort.
 Haunted is a children’s comedy-horror film produced by Sandpiper Productions in 1989 and 1990 and released in 1991. It was written and produced by Warren Chaney and directed by John Magyar.
 The White Sister is a 1933 American romantic drama film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Clark Gable and Helen Hayes. It was based on the 1909 novel by F. Marion Crawford. It was previously filmed in 1923 with Lillian Gish and Ronald Colman.
 La Traite des blanches is a 1965 French and Italian film.
 The Altar of Ambition is a 1915 American silent short film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Jack Richardson Louise Lester Vivian Rich Harry von Meter and David Lythgoe.
 La sanguisuga conduce la danza (internationally released as The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance The Leaches Lead the Dance The Passion of Evelyn and The Mark of Satan) is a 1975 Italian giallo-horror film directed by Alfredo Rizzo. It is the last film starred by Austrian actress Krista Nell.
 Atheis (literally Atheist also known as Kafir) is a 1974 Indonesian film directed by Sjumandjaja and adapted from Achdiat Karta Mihardja's novel of the same name. It follows a young Muslim man named Hasan who through his interactions with others loses his faith.Shot on a budget of Rp. 80 million and starring Deddy Sutomo Emmy Salim Kusno Sudjarwadi and Farouk Afero Atheis was intended to be a challenge to Indonesia's religious communities.
 Die Geschichte vom Kleinen Muck (English: The Story of Little Muck) is a 1953 feature film directed by Wolfgang Staudte adapted from the 19th century fairy tale written by Wilhelm Hauff.
 Modern Life (French: La Vie moderne) is a 2000 French drama film directed by Laurence Ferreira Barbosa and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Un garibaldino al convento is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica. It was screened in November 1991 as part of a retrospective of De Sica's films at the Museum of Modern Art.
 Mauvaise Graine (Bad Seed) is a 1934 French drama film directed by Billy Wilder (credited as Billie Wilder) and Alexander Esway. The screenplay by Wilder H.G.
 The Lost String (also known as La Corde Perdue) is a documentary film on American alternative guitarist Marc Ribot directed by French film maker Anaïs Prosaïc.
 January Oru Orma is a 1987 Malayalam action film starring Mohanlal. The film was shot in Kodaikanal in Tamil Nadu.
 Nallavan is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by Aji John starring Jayasurya and Mythili in title roles.
 Neil Young Journeys is a 2011 American concert documentary film produced and directed by Jonathan Demme featuring Neil Young and produced for Sony Pictures Classics. It is along with Neil Young: Heart of Gold (2006) and Neil Young Trunk Show (2009) part of a Neil Young trilogy being created by Demme.
 Serndhu Polama (English: Shall We Go Together?) is an upcoming Tamil romantic musical film directed and filmed by Anil Kumar produced by Sasi Nambeesan and written by Ravi Mathew. The film stars Vinay Preethi Christina Paul and Madhurima.
 Shehzaade is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Raj N. Sippy and starring Dharmendra Shatrughan Sinha Kimi Katkar Dimple Kapadia.
 Inspector Blunder (French: Inspecteur la Bavure) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi.
 The Toy of the Tsarina (German: Das Spielzeug der Zarin) is a 1919 German silent historical film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Ellen Richter Karl Berger and Max Kronert.
 Detective Conan: Jolly Roger in the Deep Azure (名探偵コナン 紺碧の棺 Meitantei Konan: Konpeki no Jorī Rojā) in Japan is a Japanese animated feature film released on April 21 2007. It is the 11th film in the Detective Conan series. This movie brought in 2.53 billion yen(US$ 256 million)
 As God Commands (Italian: Come Dio сomanda) is a 2008 Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Pups Is Pups is a two-reel comedy short subject part of the Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. It was produced and directed by Robert F. McGowan for Hal Roach and originally released to theatres by M-G-M in 1930. It was the 100th (12th talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 The Replacement Killers is a 1998 American action film directed by Antoine Fuqua in his directorial debut and starring Chow Yun-fat Mira Sorvino Michael Rooker and Kenneth Tsang. The film was released in the United States on February 6 1998. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Ken Sanzel. Veteran action director John Woo co-produced and choreographed the action sequences.
 En Soap (English: A Soap or Soap) is a 2006 Danish melodramatic comedy film directed by Pernille Fischer Christensen which incorporates many of the austere techniques of Dogme style. The movie starring Trine Dyrholm and David Dencik follows the turbulent relationship between an abrasive beauty clinic owner and a depressed pre-op transsexual. Made on a budget of 1.5 million dollars it was the first feature film directed by Christensen. The film received mixed reviews.
 The Guns (Portuguese: Os Fuzis) is a 1964 Brazilian-Argentine drama film directed by Ruy Guerra. The plot is divided into two stories; both are set in the Northeast Region of Brazil in 1963. In the first peasant people follow a ox deemed as sacred eating it in the end. The second story follows soldiers as they are sent to prevent poor people to plunder local warehouses.Originally Ruy Guerra planned to film it on Greece but local authorities denied him from doing it in 1958.
 'Olavu Geluvu' (Kannada: ಒಲವು ಗೆಲುವು ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film directed by H.R. Bhargava.The film starred Rajkumar Lakshmi in the lead roles.
 Caged Desires is a 1970 film.
 Gwiaździsta eskadra (The Starry Squadron) is a 1930 Polish war film directed by Leonard Buczkowski. Shot with the co-operation of the Polish army it was the most expensive Polish film made before World War II. First released as silent film later re-released with sound.
 The Sandpiper is a 1965 film starring Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor directed by Vincente Minnelli.
 High Sierra is a 1941 early heist film and film noir written by W.R. Burnett and John Huston from the novel by Burnett. The movie features Ida Lupino and Humphrey Bogart and was directed by Raoul Walsh on location at Whitney Portal halfway up Mount Whitney in the Sierra Nevada of California.The screenplay was co-written by John Huston Bogart's friend and drinking partner adapted from the novel by William R. Burnett (also known for among others Little Caesar and Scarface).
 Seekers of Happiness is a Soviet propaganda film from 1936 trying to attract Jews for the Jewish Autonomous Oblast (JAO) in the far east of the USSR.Alternative names: A Greater Promise Iskateli schastya (Искатели счастья)
 The True Story of Eskimo Nell (when screened in the United Kingdom retitled Dick Down Under) is a 1975 Australian comedy film produced directed and written by Richard Franklin and starring Max Gillies as Deadeye Dick and Serge Lazareff as Mexico Pete.
 Saat Sawal is a 1971 Bollywood adventure film directed by Babubhai Mistry. The film stars Johnny Whisky.
 The Man Who Found Himself (1937) also known as Wings of Mercy is an American aviation film based on the unpublished story Wings of Mercy by Alice F. Curtis. The film marked the first starring role for 19-year-old Joan Fontaine who was billed as the new RKO screen personality highlighted following the end of the film by a special on screen introduction.
 Falkenberg Farewell (Swedish: Farväl Falkenberg) is a 2006 Swedish drama film written and directed by Jesper Ganslandt. It was nominated for four Guldbagge Awards including Best Film as well as being selected as Sweden's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 79th Academy Awards.
 Trimbelten is a 2013 German short drama / thriller film directed by German film director Sebastian Kühn. The film participated in various international film festivals.
 Dear Wendy is a 2004 film directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Jamie Bell Bill Pullman Mark Webber and Alison Pill.It is a co-production between Denmark Germany France and the United Kingdom. The script was written by Lars von Trier.The film performed poorly at the box office and received very poor reviews frequently being compared unfavourably to von Trier's award-winning Dogville released the previous year. Despite the poor critical response Vinterberg won the Silver St.
 Bubbling Over is a 1934 American musical comedy short film directed by Leigh Jason.
 This Reckless Age is a 1932 comedy film starring Charles Buddy Rogers and produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by Frank Tuttle and is based on a Broadway play The Goose Hangs High by Lewis Beach.One of over 700 Paramount films controlled by Universal Pictures which in 1948 purchased most of the 1928-1948 Paramount library.
 Muqaddar Ka Faisla is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film directed by Prakash Mehra and produced by Yash Johar. It stars Raaj Kumar Raakhee Raj Babbar Meenakshi Seshadri and Tina Munim in pivotal roles.
 Death Before Dishonor is a 1987 American action film directed by Terry Leonard.
 Where the Breakers Roar is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Adventurous Bachelor (Czech: Nezbedný bakalář) is a 1946 Czech comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lady Paname was a 1950 drama directed and written by Henri Jeanson and starring Louis Jouvet Suzy Delair Henri Guisol and Henri Crémieux.It tells the story of a young female singer who tries to become a star in the music hall world of the early 1900s and falls in love with a composer.
 For the novel by John Grisham see The Racketeer (novel)The Racketeer is a 1929 American drama film directed by Howard Higgin.The film is also known as Love's Conquest in the United Kingdom. It tells the tale of some members of the criminal class in 1920s America and in particular one man and one woman's attempts to help him. Gossip columnist Hedda Hopper appears in a minor role. The film is one of the early talkies and as a result dialogue is very sparse.
 Das geheimnisvolle Wrack is an East German adventure film directed by Herbert Ballmann. It was released in 1954.
 Patita (A fallen woman) is a 1953 Hindi film produced and directed by Amiya Chakrabarty. The film stars Dev Anand Usha Kiran Agha and Lalita Pawar. The films music is by Shankar Jaikishan.
 Porky's is a 1982 Canadian-American sex comedy film about the escapades of teenagers at the fictional Angel Beach High School in Florida in 1954. Released in the United States in 1982 with an R rating the film spawned three sequels: Porky's II: The Next Day (1983) Porky's Revenge! (1985) and Pimpin' Pee Wee (2009) and influenced many writers in the teen film genre.Despite generally negative critical reception and claims of the film being misogynistic Porky's was a box office success.
 Roughest Africa is a 1923 American silent film starring Stan Laurel.
 Rewi's Last Stand is a 1925 New Zealand film about the last stand of Rewi Maniapoto at the Battle of Orakau.The movie was remade in 1940.
 Aurora is a Ukrainian film by Oksana Bairak. It was premiered on November 30 2006.
 Život sa stricem (English: My Uncle's Legacy) is a 1988 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Krsto Papić starring Davor Janjić Alma Prica Miodrag Krivokapić Branislav Lečić Anica Dobra and Ivo Gregurević. It is based on Okvir za mržnju a novel by Ivan Aralica.
 Adémaï au poteau-frontière English: Ademaï in the frontier post is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Paul Colline written by Paul Colline and starring Paul Colline as a peasant and featuring Louis de Funès as a soldier.
 Love Among Thieves is a made-for-television romantic-adventure motion picture that was produced by the ABC network in 1987. The film starred Audrey Hepburn as the Baroness and concert pianist Caroline DuLac who steals three jewel-encrusted Fabergé eggs from a San Francisco museum. The eggs were demanded as ransom for her kidnapped fiancé in Latin America.
 Sewa (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Los últimos de Filipinas is a 1945 Spanish biographical war film directed by Antonio Román. It is based on a radio script by Enrique Llovet; Los Héroes de Baler; and novels by de Enrique Alfonso Barcones El Fuerte de Baler; and Rafael Sánchez Campoy El Fuerte de Baler.Nani Fernández played famous Yo Te Diré song.
 Anatomy of a Psycho (1961) is an American film directed by Boris Petroff. Ed Wood reportedly contributed to Jane Mann's screenplay as Larry Lee. The film uses music originally used for Wood's Plan 9 From Outer Space (1959). Ronnie Burns adopted son of George Burns and Gracie Allen plays the lead.
 Anita e Garibaldi is a 2013 Brazilian historical drama film directed by Alberto Rondalli. The film follows the arrival of Giuseppe Garibaldi in Brazil his meeting with Anita Garibaldi and the human and military learning with Luigi Rossetti in the struggle for liberation of the state of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina of the Brazilian Empire.
 Five Fingers is a 2005 Malayalam film by Sanjeev Raj starring Kunchacko Boban and Karthika.
 Thanikattu Raja is a Tamil film written and directed by V. C. Guhannathan. it stars Rajnikanth Sridevi and Sripriya in the lead roles with Jaishankar Vijayakumar and Y. Gee. Mahendra in supporting roles. this film was a failure at the box office. 'Santhana Kaatrae' song became famous in the 1982. Produced by D. Ramanaidu under the banner Suresh Productions the film had music by Ilayaraja and cinematography handled by P. S. Nivas.
 Gol Chakkar is a 2012 Pakistani comedy film directed by Shahbaz Shigri produced and written by Aisha Linnea Akhtar. Film features Ali Rehman Khan Hasan Bruun Akhtar Usman Mukhtar Salmaan Ahmed Shaukat Uzair Jaswal Adil Gul Saboor Pasha Asad Ali Shigri and special appearance by Shahana Khan Khalil. This film is a sequel to Sole Search on the life of a character Candy Bhai from the earlier version.
 Three Little Pigskins is the fourth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Clock is a 1945 American romantic drama film starring Judy Garland and Robert Walker and directed by Garland's future husband Vincente Minnelli. This was Garland's first dramatic role as well as her first starring vehicle in which she did not sing.
 Les raquetteurs is a 1958 Direct Cinema documentary film co-directed by Michel Brault and Gilles Groulx. The film explores life in rural Quebec at a convention of snowshoers in Sherbrooke Quebec in February 1958.
 Natural City (내츄럴 시티) is a 2003 South Korean science fiction film about a colony world that integrates robots androids and cyborgs amongst the population.
 Hair of the Dog is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Terry Bishop and starring Reginald Beckwith Dorinda Stevens and John Le Mesurier.
 Killer Bean Forever is a 2009 computer-animated action film written produced and directed by Jeff Lew. It tells the story of an assassin named Jack Bean whose alias is Killer Bean. (In the film all the characters are beans.) The film was preceded by two web shorts: Killer Bean: The Interrogation and Killer Bean 2: The Party.
 Be Kind Rewind is a 2008 comedy film from New Line Cinema written and directed by Michel Gondry and starring Jack Black Mos Def Melonie Diaz Danny Glover and Mia Farrow. The film first appeared on January 20 2008 at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. It was later shown at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 College Swing also known as Swing Teacher Swing in the U.K. is a 1938 comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring George Burns Gracie Allen Martha Raye and Bob Hope. The movie features Edward Everett Horton Ben Blue Betty Grable Jackie Coogan and Jerry Colonna.
 Jeevan Naiya is a 1936 Hindi film directed by Franz Osten and produced by Himanshu Rai for his studio Bombay Talkies. It famous for being the screen debut early superstar Ashok Kumar. The film is about the ostracism of dancing girls. The film was one of several successful Bombay Talkies collaborations between Franz Osten Himashu Rai screenwriters J.S.
 Flash is a Malayalam film released in December 2007 directed by Sibi Malayil starring Mohanlal. The film is a suspense thriller dealing with some harrowing experiences of the female central character.
 Lovely Molly is a 2012 horror film directed by Eduardo Sánchez. The film initially had a working title of The Possession but was later changed to Lovely Molly. The plot follows newlyweds Molly and Tim as they move into the bride's childhood home where painful memories soon begin to haunt Molly.
 La Classe américaine (American Class) also known as Le Grand Détournement (The Great Détournement) is a 1993 French television film written and directed by Michel Hazanavicius and Dominique Mézerette. It consists exclusively of extracts of old Warner Bros. films put together and dubbed with new lines so as to create an entirely new film.
 Once Brothers (Serbian: Једном браћа / Croatian: Jednom braća) is a 2010 sports documentary film written and directed by Michael Tolajian. It was co-produced by ESPN and NBA Entertainment for ESPN's 30 for 30 series. The film chronicles the relationship of two basketball players from SFR Yugoslavia—Vlade Divac (Serbia) and Dražen Petrović (Croatia).
 Jaan Tere Naam is a 1992 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij and produced by Jimmy Nirula. It stars Ronit Roy Farheen in pivotal roles.The story of the movie revolves around Pinky Malhotra and her romantic relationship with two boys in her college - Sunil and Vicky.
 Holiday for Lovers is a 1959 comedy film directed by Henry Levin. Based on a 1957 play by Ronald Alexander the film stars Clifton Webb Jane Wyman Jill St. John and Carol Lynley.
 We're So Young (Portuguese: Somos tão Jovens) is a 2013 Brazilian biographical drama film about Brazilian singer Renato Russo. The film does not follow the life of Renato Russo. The focus is his adolescence his physical problems and the discover of his love for music. It is directed by Antônio Carlos da Fontoura written by Marcos Bernstein and starring Thiago Mendonça and Laila Zaid.
 El Ciclón de Jalisco (The Cyclone of Jalisco) is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Action Kamen vs Leotard Devil (クレヨンしんちゃん アクション仮面VSハイグレ魔王 Kureyon Shinchan: Akushon Kamen tai Haigure Maō) is a Japanese language animation film from the Crayon Shin-chan Series. It was Shinchan's first anime movie released in 1993. It is dubbed in Hindi Language as Shin Chan in Action Kamen vs Higure Rakshas telecasted on Hungama TV on 29 August 2010. This movie is released on DVD in India.
 The Big Store (1941) is a Marx Brothers comedy film in which Groucho Chico and Harpo work to save the Phelps Department Store owned by Martha Phelps (Margaret Dumont). Groucho plays detective Wolf J. Flywheel a character name originating from the Marx-Perrin radio show Flywheel Shyster and Flywheel in the early 1930s.The Big Store was the last of five films the team made under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and it was advertised as their final film.
 I Died a Thousand Times is a 1955 color film noir directed by Stuart Heisler. The drama features Jack Palance as paroled bank robber Roy Earle with Shelley Winters Lee Marvin Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez and Lon Chaney Jr.I Died a Thousand Times is a scene-by-scene remake of the 1941's High Sierra which was based upon a novel by W.R. Burnett and starred Humphrey Bogart as Earle.
 A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon is a 2001 film written produced and directed by Nashville-based filmmaker Bart Sibrel.
 Dark Reel is a 2008 horror/thriller starring Tiffany Shepis Edward Furlong Mercedes McNab Alexandra Holden Tony Todd and Lance Henriksen and directed by Josh Eisenstadt.
 Telling You also known as Love Sucks is a 1998 comedy-romance film with some drama elements. The film was directed by Robert DeFranco and distributed by Miramax. Its filming location finds place in North Hollywood.It was released on August 7 1998.
 Millones de Semillita is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Bhaktha Kuchela is a 1936 classic film in Tamil language directed and produced by Lawyer turned film maker K. Subramaniam) about the tale of friendship between the poor Brahmin Kuchela Papanasam Sivan who had 27 children and Lord Krishna (S. D. Subbulakshmi). Subramanyam cast Subbulakshmi in a double role as a male (Lord Krishna) and a female (Susheela Kuchela's wife). Such casting was the first of its kind in Tamil film history and even Indian cinema.
 Chakori is a Pakistani Urdu feature film. This film was released on March 23 1967 on Eid-ul-Azha Day in Dhaka East Pakistan (now Bangladesh). The film was directed by Captain Ehtisham. It was Nadeem's and Shabana's debut film. The film ran for 81 weeks and became a platinum jubilee film.
 Dark Horse is a 1992 American drama film directed by David Hemmings. The screenplay by Janet Maclean was adapted from an original story by Tab Hunter.
 When Maryam Spoke Out (Arabic: لمّا حكيت مريم Lamma hikyit maryam‎) is a 2001 Lebanese film directed by Assad Fouladkar and based on a true event that happened in Lebanon.It is a social story about a couple Ziad and Maryam who lead a happy marriage except for the fact that after three years of marriage Maryam has still not had a baby. Her husband Ziad is compassionate and assures her that he still loves her.
 Nalaya Manithan (Tamil: நாளைய மனிதன்; English: Future Human) is a 1989 Tamil film produced by Thakkali C Seenivasan and directed by Velu Prabhakaran. The film casts Prabhu Ganesan and Amala in lead roles. The movie is inspired from the Hollywood movie Silent Rage. The film released to positive reviews and was commercially successful at the box office which made the producers to come up with the sequel Adhisaya Manithan.
 Swingers is a Dutch feature film released in 2002 and tells the story of a thirty-something couple Diana and Julian and their experiment in Swinging.
 Brindavanam is a 2010 Telugu film starring N. T. Rama Rao Jr. Kajal Aggarwal and Samantha in the lead roles while actors Kota Srinivasa Rao Prakash Raj and Srihari play other pivotal roles. It was directed by Vamsi Paidipally who directed Munna also produced by Dil Raju. The film was released on 14 October 2010.Brindavanam was a critical and commercial success. It is being remade in Bengali by the name Khoka 420 with Dev Nusrat Jahan and Subhashree Ganguly reprising the roles of N. T.
 Terror in a Texas Town is a 1958 American Western film directed by Joseph Lewis and starring Sterling Hayden. The script was written by Dalton Trumbo but due to Trumbo's status on the Hollywood Blacklist Ben Perry initially received screenwriting credit.
 E Napoli canta (Napoli sings) is a 1953 Italian musical film. It was directed by Armando Grottini starring Virna Lisi.
 The Final Season is a 2007 baseball film starring Sean Astin Rachael Leigh Cook Tom Arnold Powers Boothe Brett Claywell Michael Angarano and Marshall Bell and directed by David Mickey Evans. Sports Action by ReelSports.
 Arbitrage is a 2012 American drama film directed by Nicholas Jarecki and starring Richard Gere Susan Sarandon Tim Roth and Brit Marling. Filming began in April 2011 in New York City. It opened in U.S. theaters in September 2012.
 The Judge (Swedish: Domaren) is a 1960 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cash and Curry is a 2008 independent British comedy film directed by Sarjit Bains and written by Christine Edwards and Manish Patel. It was filmed in December 2006 on location in Harrow Barnet and Wembley. The film has been premiered at the Portobello Film Festival Mumbai Film Festival and the Tongues on Fire Film Festival. It was released on DVD in UK and Ireland by 4 Digital Media on 19 July 2010.
 Gone in the Night is a 1996 American television movie based around the Jaclyn Dowaliby murder case with Shannen Doherty and Kevin Dillon as Cynthia and David Dowaliby.
 Klute is a 1971 crime thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula written by Andy and Dave Lewis and starring Jane Fonda Donald Sutherland Charles Cioffi and Roy Scheider. It tells the story of a prostitute who assists a detective in solving a missing person's case.Klute was the first installment of what informally came to be known as Pakula's paranoia trilogy.
 Cry Macho is a drama-thriller film based on the 1975 novel of the same name by N. Richard Nash. Currently in pre-production the film is being produced by Academy Award-winning producer Albert S. Ruddy and directed by Brad Furman. However as a result of disruption in the personal life of actor Arnold Schwarzenegger plans to go on production in September 2011 have been put on hold.
 Street Hero is a 1984 Australian film directed by Michael Pattinson and starring Vince Colosimo Sigrid Thornton Sandy Gore Bill Hunter and Ray Marshall. The film won an AFI award.The film received a M classification for moderate violence and moderate course language.
 Nalla Thanka is a landmark Malayalam film directed by P. V. Krishna Iyer and produced by Kunchacko and K. V. Koshy. It was the second film produced at the Udaya Studios the first being Vellinakshatram (1949). The film marked the debut of several artistes including actors Augustine Joseph Vaikom Mani Miss Kumari Miss Omana and S. P. Pillai music director V. Dakshinamoorthy and cinematographer P. K. Madhavan Nair.
 Safety Worst is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Una aventura llamada Menudo is a 1982 film featuring teen boy band Menudo and Puerto Rican actress Gladys Rodríguez. The film's soundtrack received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Blood Work is a 2002 American mystery thriller film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood who also starred in the lead role. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Connelly. The film was released in the United States on August 9 2002. Clint Eastwood won the Future Film Festival Digital Award at the Venice Film Festival.
 School Master (Kannada: ಸ್ಕೂಲ್ ಮಾಸ್ಟರ್) is a 1958 Indian Kannada language film which was simultaneously dubbed as Tamil language film. It was released in 1958. It was later remade into various other languages including Telugu Malayalam and Hindi. Movie is a classic film starring Dikki Madhav Rao Udaykumar Sivaji Ganeshan B. Saroja Devi. It was the first Kannada film to complete Silver Jubilee Celebration.B. R. Panthulu came up with film versions of this story in various languages.
 Hollow Point is a 1996 film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Thomas Ian Griffith Tia Carrere John Lithgow and Donald Sutherland.
 Kisan Aur Bhagwan is an action comedy drama 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Chandrakent.
 Asian School Girls is a 2014 American action film produced by The Asylum and directed by Lawrence Silverstein. The film stars Minnie Scarlet Sam Aotaki Catherine Hyein Kim and Belle Hengsathorn.
 The Crime of Dr. Crespi (1935) is a horror film starring Erich von Stroheim Harriet Russell Paul Guilfoyle Jean Brooks (billed as Jeanne Kelly) John Bohn and Dwight Frye and released by Republic Pictures.The movie was filmed at Biograph Studios in The Bronx New York and is loosely based on the Edgar Allan Poe short story The Premature Burial.
 The Americano is a 1955 American Western movie starring Glenn Ford and directed by William Castle.
 Le Révélateur is a 1968 experimental narrative film by Philippe Garrel.
 Kids is a 1995 American drama film written by Harmony Korine and directed by Larry Clark.The film features Chloë Sevigny Leo Fitzpatrick Justin Pierce Harold Hunter and Rosario Dawson all of them in their debut performances.
 Hollywood Shuffle is a 1987 comedy film that satirizes the racial stereotypes of African Americans in film and television. The film tracks the attempts of Bobby Taylor to become a successful actor and the mental and external roadblocks he encounters represented through a series of interspersed vignettes and fantasies.
 Captain Bill is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ceder and starring Leslie Fuller Judy Kelly and Hal Gordon. A barge operator helps a schoolteacher tackle a gang of criminals.
 The New Kids is a 1985 American thriller film directed by Sean S. Cunningham and starring Shannon Presby and Lori Loughlin. The film was released on January 18 1985 in the US by Columbia Pictures. Filmed in Homestead Florida.
 The Secret of Convict Lake is a 1951 American black-and-white western film starring Glenn Ford and Gene Tierney. It was directed by Michael Gordon and produced by Frank P. Rosenberg with music by Sol Kaplan. The film was a critical and commercial success.It co-starred Ethel Barrymore and was the final film of actress Ann Dvorak.The story is fiction based on legends of Convict Lake located in the Sierra Nevada mountain ranges of northern California.
 Auto Antics is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 182nd Our Gang short (183rd episode 94th talking short 95th talking episode and 14th MGM produced episode) that was released.[citation needed]
 Red River (simplified Chinese: 红河; traditional Chinese: 紅河; pinyin: Hóng hé) is a 2009 film starring Zhang Jingchu Nick Cheung Loletta Lee Danny Lee Sau-Yin and is directed by Zhang Jiarui.
 My Friend Dr. Jekyll (Italian: Il mio amico Jekyll also known as My Pal Dr. Jekyll) is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami. It is a parody of the Robert Louis Stevenson's novella Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
 Jithan is a 2005 Tamil-language film directed by Vincent Selva. The film stars debutant Jithan Ramesh (brother of Jeeva) Pooja Sarath Kumar Livingston and Kalabhavan Mani. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Srikanth Deva. The film was a surprise hit in 2005. It is written by noted personality Ram Gopal Varma and produced by Raadan Network owned by Raadhika. A remake of Bollywood film Gayab.
 Magicians is a 2007 British comedy film released on 18 May 2007. It stars comic duo Robert Webb and David Mitchell as stage magicians Karl and Harry respectively. The two magicians compete together in a magic competition despite their personal differences. Parts and ideas of the film have been taken to parody the 2006 film The Prestige by Christopher Nolan though this had not been released when Magicians was filmed (though the original novel by Christopher Priest had been published in 1995).
 Walk on the Wild Side is a 1962 film directed by Edward Dmytryk adapted from the 1956 novel A Walk on the Wild Side by American author Nelson Algren. The film had a star-studded cast including Laurence Harvey Capucine Jane Fonda Anne Baxter and Barbara Stanwyck and was scripted by John Fante. It was not well received at the time; Bosley Crowther of the New York Times described it as a lurid tawdry and sleazy melodrama.
 Mahanagaram (Malayalam): is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar starring Mammootty in the title role.
 Love 911 (Hangul: 반창꼬; RR: Banchangkko; lit. Bandage or Band-Aid) is a 2012 South Korean film starring Go Soo and Han Hyo-joo about an unlikely romance between a dedicated firefighter with a painful past and a cold-hearted doctor who is solely focused on her career. It was released in theaters on December 19 2012.
 Delivery Health Girl: The Moisture of Silken Skin (デリヘル嬢　絹肌のうるおい Deriherujō: Kinuhada no Uruoi) is a 2002 Japanese pink film directed by Yutaka Ikejima and written by his wife and frequent collaborator Kyōko Godai. It won the award for Ninth Best Film and Noriko Masaki was given a Best New Actress award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 On the Loose is a 1984 Australian film consisting of three stories about teenagers in modern society.
 Warlock III: The End of Innocence is a 1999 direct-to-video horror film written by Bruce David Eisen and Eric Freiser and also directed by the latter. It is the third film in a series that started with the 1989 Warlock. The first two films starred Julian Sands as the Warlock but this one stars Bruce Payne in the titular role of The Warlock. Warlock III is distributed by Trimark Pictures.
 The Lacemaker (French: La Dentellière) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Claude Goretta and starring Isabelle Huppert. It is based on the 1974 Prix Goncourt winning novel La Dentellière by Pascal Lainé.
 Vetri Kodu Kattu (English: Raise the flag of victory) is a Tamil film directed by Cheran starring Murali Parthiban Meena Manorama andMalavika
 Mr. Muggs Rides Again is a 1945 film starring The East Side Kids.
 Unholy Women (コワイ女 Kowai Onna lit. scary women) is a 2006 Japanese film. It is a compilation of 3 separate short horror films written and directed by Keita Amemiya Takuji Suzuki and Keisuke Toyoshima respectively.
 Love and Honor is a 2013 romantic drama film directed by Danny Mooney. It is Mooney's feature-film directorial debut. The film based on a true story of a Michigan soldier takes place during the Vietnam War and is set in Ann Arbor and surrounding areas. The story follows a soldier who after being dumped by his girlfriend decides to return home secretly from war with his best friend to win her back.
 Bi the Way is a 2008 documentary film about bisexuality in the United States. It had its world premiere at the SXSW Film Festival in Austin Texas. The film has aired at film festivals throughout the United States Canada the United Kingdom Portugal Turkey Greece Australia Brazil and Taiwan including at Silverdocs Film Festival Outfest Newfest !f Istanbul and Rio de Janeiro Film Festival.
 Goyokin (御用金 Goyōkin also called Official Gold and Steel Edge of Revenge) is a 1969 jidaigeki film co-written and directed by Hideo Gosha. Set during the late Tokugawa era the story follows a reclusive ronin who is trying to atone for past transgressions. In 1975 it was remade as a Western film entitled The Master Gunfighter.
 The Immortal Garrison (Russian: Bessmertnyy garnizon) is a 1956 Soviet war film directed by Zakhar Agranenko and Eduard Tisse.
 Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon is a 2003 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film by Sooraj R. Barjatya and a production by Rajshri. The film is a remake of the 1976 film Chitchor and features Hrithik Roshan Kareena Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan in the lead roles. The movie had a worldwide release on 27 June 2003.
 Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance-drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Venkat Narayan and lyrics by V. Nagendra Prasad. The film released on 12 November 2004.
 Hungama is a Telugu comedy film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy. The film was released on April 28 2005 and was a moderate hit. This was a loose remake of 1998 Malayalam movie Mattupetti Machan and Banda Paramasivam Tamil flick which released in 2003. It is also remade in Hindi in 2012 as Housefull 2
 The Empty Gun is a 1917 silent Western film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney
 Querida Bamako is a 2007 Spanish film.
 Wild and Wonderful is a 1964 film comedy starring Tony Curtis and his then-wife Christine Kaufmann (whom he had married in 1963). The plot revolved around a clever French Poodle named Monsieur Cognac and the dog's effect on the newly married couple portrayed by Curtis and Kaufmann.
 Sydney's Darlings is a 1926 Australian silent film set in the world of yachting. It was made largely by sports enthusiasts and amateur filmmakers in mid 1925.It is considered a lost film.
 Karwat is a 1982 Bollywood action film directed by Anil Ganguly starring Mithun Chakraborty Rakesh Roshan Bindiya Goswami and Zarina Wahab
 Silk Husbands and Calico Wives is a 1920 silent film drama directed by Alfred E. Green and starring House Peters. It was produced by Harry Garson and based on an original by Monte Katterjohn. The film is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Muli (English: The Affair) is a 2010 gay-themed indie film based on Jerry Gracio's award winning screenplay. It is by directed by Adolfo Alix Jr and stars Sid Lucero and Cogie Domingo.
 Prince Jack is a 1985 film from Castle Hill Productions which dramatizes some of the inner workings of the Kennedy administration including efforts by Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to address the issue of civil rights. Although primarily a dramatic narrative Prince Jack also uses satire and black humor especially with regard to the Kennedy brothers' complicated relationship with Lyndon B.
 The Kautokeino Rebellion (Norwegian: Kautokeino-opprøret Northern Sami: Guovdageainnu Stuimmit)[1]) is a 2008 film based on the true story of the Kautokeino riots in Kautokeino Norway in 1852 in response to the Norwegian exploitation of the Sami community at that time. It is directed by Nils Gaup and was released in January 2008. Music to this movie was mostly composed by Sami musician - Mari Boine.
 Vikatakavi (Malayalam: വികടകവി) is a 1984 Malayalam film written and directed by Hariharan. It stars Prem Nazir Madhavi and Mammootty in lead roles. The film's music has been composed by Devarajan with lyrics have been penned by P. Bhaskaran.
 The Terror (1963) is an American horror film produced and directed by Roger Corman. It is famous for being filmed on sets left over from other AIP productions including The Haunted Palace.
 Fire with Fire is a 2012 American action film directed by David Barrett starring Josh Duhamel Rosario Dawson and Bruce Willis. Duhamel plays a firefighter forced to confront a neo-Nazi murderer. The film was released straight to DVD and Blu-ray Disc on November 6 2012.
 Inspector Balram is a 1991 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi scripted by T. Damodaran and starring Mammootty. It is a sequel to the 1986 film Aavanazhi and was followed by a sequel Balram vs. Taradas in 2006.The movie was produced and distributed by Liberty Productions.
 Destiny in Space is a 70mm Canadian IMAXdocumentary film released in 1994. The film was directed by Toni Myers and Academy Award-winner Ben Burtt and narrated by Leonard Nimoy. The film is a showcase of the daily lives of astronauts in space as they fix instruments and take measurements. The film includes two space shuttle launches and several cargo bay scenes including an astronaut repairing the Hubble space telescope.
 Prince of Players is a 1955 20th Century Fox biographical film about the 19th century American actor Edwin Booth. The film was directed and produced by Philip Dunne from a screenplay by Moss Hart based on the book by Eleanor Ruggles. The music score was by Bernard Herrmann and the cinematography by Charles G. Clarke. The film was made in CinemaScope.The film starred Richard Burton Maggie McNamara John Derek with Raymond Massey Charles Bickford Elizabeth Sellars and Eva Le Gallienne.
 D/O Ram Gopal Varma is a 2013 Tollywood film directed by Khaja.
 To a Tee is a 2006 film written and directed by Matt Riddlehoover which has been described as “Annie Hall meets Will & Grace” [1]. The film's sharply edited theatrical trailer sparked much attention on the Web specifically on MySpace.
 Young April (1926) is a silent film romantic comedy starring Bessie Love. The film was financed by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by Donald Crisp. Young April is an extant film and has been released on home video.
 A Day's Pleasure (1919) is Charlie Chaplin's fourth film for First National Films. It was created at the Chaplin Studio. It was a quickly made two-reeler to help fill a gap while working on his first feature The Kid. It is about a day outing with his wife and the kids and things don't go smoothly. Edna Purviance plays Chaplin's wife and Jackie Coogan one of the kids. The first scene shows the Chaplin Studio corner office in the background while Chaplin tries to get his car started.
 Badlands is a 1973 American crime film written and directed by Terrence Malick starring Martin Sheen and Sissy Spacek. Warren Oates and Ramon Bieri are also featured. Malick has a small speaking part although he does not receive an acting credit. The story though fictional is loosely based on the real-life murder spree of Charles Starkweather and his girlfriend Caril Ann Fugate in 1958 though such a basis was not acknowledged when the film was released.
 Astro Boy: Mighty Atom - Visitor of 100000 Light Years IGZA (アストロボーイ・鉄腕アトム１０万光年の来訪者・イグザ Asutoro Bōi: Tetsuwan Atomu - Jū-man Kōnen no Raihō-sha Iguza))(shortened to Astro Boy vs IGZA) is a 2005 Japanese film based on the 2003 Astro Boy TV series made by Tezuka Productions and distributed by Sarai Inc. The movie has only been shown in Japan and has never been planned or carried out in English.
 Aandavan Kattalai is a 1964 Tamil film from the house of P.S. Veerappa released in 1964.
 The Leopard (Italian: Il Gattopardo The Serval; alternate title: Le Guépard) is a 1963 Italian film by director Luchino Visconti based on Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa's novel of the same name.
 The Young Warriors is a war film filmed in 1966 by Universal Pictures based on Richard Matheson's 1960 novel The Beardless Warriors that was the working title of the film. The novel was inspired by Matheson's own experiences as an 18 year old infantryman with the 87th Infantry Division in Germany in World War II.
 Ormakalundayirikkanam (English: Memories and Desires) is a 1995 Malayalam political drama film directed by T. V. Chandran. Starring Mammootty Master Nithiin Kumar Reddy Bharath Gopi Priyambada Ray Nedumudi Venu Kukku Parameswaran and Sreenivasan the film portrays the rise of the Communists to power in 1957 and the infamous Vimochana Samaram (Liberation Struggle) of 1959.
 Fix is a 2008 feature film directed by Tao Ruspoli starring Shawn Andrews Olivia Wilde Megalyn Echikunwoke Tao Ruspoli Dedee Pfeiffer and Andrew Fiscella.
 Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak. It is the third and final installment in the Infernal Affairs film series and is both a sequel and a semi-prequel to the original film as it intercuts events before and after the events in the first film.
 Frank McKlusky C.I. is a 2002 comedy film written by Dave Sheridan and Mark Perez and directed by Arlene Sanford. The film stars Sheridan in the titular role. The film was given a very limited release in the United States.
 Sunayana is a 1979 Bollywood comedy film directed by Hiren Nag.
 Butter is a 1998 action film starring Ernie Hudson Nia Long Tony Todd and Donnie Wahlberg. It originally premiered on HBO as an HBO Original Film but was later released to video by Artisan Entertainment as Never 2 Big.The film follows corrupt record company executives who kill a singing sensation with a drug overdose rather than letting her leave their label and join another company.
 A Simple Heart (French: Un cœur simple) is a 2008 French drama film directed by Marion Laine. It was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize.
 Santaan is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Narayana Rao Dasari and produced by D. Rama Naidu. It stars Jeetendra Deepak Tijori Moushumi Chatterjee and Neelam Kothari in pivotal roles.
 6 Guns is a 2010 western film by The Asylum. It was directed by Shane Van Dyke who also directed previous Asylum films such as Transmorphers: Fall of Man and Titanic II.
 Aham Premasmi (Kannada: ಅಹಂ ಪ್ರೇಮಾಸ್ಮಿ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada-language romantic action film starring newcomers Balaji and Aarti Chhabria in the lead roles. Besides acting V. Ravichandran has directed written produced edited and composed music for the film.
 Paravaigal Palavitham is a 1988 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Robert-Rajasekar for producer KR. It stars Ramki and Nirosha in the lead roles.
 Raraju (Telugu: రారాజు) is a Telugu film which is directed by K. R. Udhayashankar. G.V.G. Raju (of Godavari fame) produced this film. Gopichand plays the lead role while Meera Jasmine and Ankitha play supporting roles. The film released on 20 October 2006.
 The Peking Medallion also called The Corrupt Ones is a 1967 crime film directed by James Hill and Frank Winterstein and starring Elke Sommer Robert Stack Nancy Kwan and Werner Peters. The film was a co-production between France Italy and West Germany although it was shot in English. The films German-language title is Die Hölle von Macao .
 Horror Stories 2 (Hangul: 무서운 이야기 2; RR: Mu-seo-un Iyagi) is a 2013 horror omnibus film made up of four episodes by four South Korean directors. It was invited to the 2013 Sitges Film Festival.Min Kyu-dong's 444 is set against the backdrop of the warehouse of an insurance company where a woman with the ability to communicate with the dead delves into fraudulent insurance claim cases.
 Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American epic romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee. It is a film adaptation of the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx with the screenplay written by Diana Ossana and Larry McMurtry.
 At the Altar is a 1909 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey where early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of this films survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Rurouni Kenshin: Kyoto Taika-hen (るろうに剣心 京都大火編 Rurouni Kenshin: Kyoto Inferno) is an upcoming Japanese film directed by Keishi Ōtomo and based on the manga series Rurouni Kenshin. ONE OK ROCK's new song Mighty Long Fall will be featured in this movie after the previous Rurouni Kenshin movie featured ONE OK ROCK song too.
 Hills of Home is a 1948 Technicolor drama film the fourth in a series of seven MGM Lassie films. It starred Edmund Gwenn Donald Crisp and Tom Drake.
 Within Our Gates (1920) is a silent film by the director Oscar Micheaux that portrays the contemporary racial situation in the United States during the early twentieth century the years of Jim Crow the revival of the Ku Klux Klan the Great Migration of blacks to cities of the North and Midwest and the emergence of the New Negro.
 Bicycle Bride is a comedy film directed by Hassan Zee (Night of Henna) and starring Andreas Wilson Melanie Kannokada Shruti Tewari Jessica Kitchens Rajiv Nema Veronica Valencia and Jonathan Bock. The film opened in San Francisco at the Viz Cinema on June 25 2010.
 Edge of Seventeen is a 1998 coming of age romantic comedy-drama film directed by David Moreton written by Moreton and Todd Stephens starring Chris Stafford and co-starring Tina Holmes and Andersen Gabrych.
 Naya Raasta (meaning:The New Road) is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Khalid Akhtar. The film stars Jeetendra Asha Parekh and Farida Jalal.
 I Am Comic is a 2010 documentary about the stand-up comedy world directed by Jordan Brady.
 Prince Yeonsan (연산군 - Yeonsan gun) is a 1961 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. Among several awards including Best Actor and Best Actress it was chosen as Best Film at the first Grand Bell Awards ceremony.
 Resolution is a 2012 American thriller-horror film directed by Justin Benson and Aaron Scott Moorhead written by Benson and starring Peter Cilella and Vinny Curran. Cilella plays a professional from the city who goes back to his hometown to save his junkie friend played by Curran.
 Dream Demon is a 1988 British horror film directed by Harley Cokeliss and starring Jemma Redgrave Kathleen Wilhoite Jimmy Nail and Timothy Spall.
 Nattamai (English: Village Chief) is a 1994 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. It starred Sarath Kumar Meena and Kushboo in the lead roles. The film became a blockbuster among 1994 Deepavali releases and completed a 175-day run at the box office. It is considered to be one of the most popular Tamil films of the 1990s and in general. The tagline Nattamai theerpa maathi sollu became popular after release. It became a trendsetter for many big budget films in later years.
 Johnny Handsome is an 1989 American crime-drama film directed by Walter Hill and starring Mickey Rourke Ellen Barkin and Morgan Freeman. The film was written by Ken Friedman and adapted from the novel The Three Worlds of Johnny Handsome by John Godey. The music for the film was written produced and performed by Ry Cooder with four songs by Jim Keltner .
 La pérgola de las flores is a 1965 Argentine comedy film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dreams of the City or Ahlam al-Madina (Arabic: أحلام المدينة‎) (Dreams of the City) is a Syrian feature drama film by director Mohamed Malas. The story is about a young widow and her two sons are forced to move from their native Quneitra to Damascus where her brutish father offers little emotional or financial support forcing all of them to fend for themselves.
 Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Proxy War (仁義なき戦い　代理戦争 Jingi naki tatakai: Dairi senso) is part three of a series of yakuza films directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
 I Will Fight No More Forever is a 1975 made-for-television movie starring James Whitmore as General Oliver O. Howard and Ned Romero as Chief Joseph. It is a dramatization of Chief Joseph's resistance to the U.S. government's forcible removal of his Nez Perce Indian tribe to a reservation in Idaho.
 Asuravithu is a 1968 Malayalam film directed by A. Vincent and starring Prem Nazir and Sharada in the lead roles. The film was scripted by M. T. Vasudevan Nair based on his own critically acclaimed novel Asuravithu.
 Rickshawkaran (Tamil: ரிக்ஷாக்காரன் English: Rickshawala) is a 1971 Tamil-language film starring M. G. Ramachandran. It was a major success and was produced by Sathya Movies owned by R. M. Veerappan who was a close colleague of M. G. Ramachandran. M. G. R the lead actor won a National Film Award in the Best Actor category. The croud puller film ran more than 100 days in all the three theatres in chennai (First in Devi Paradise Sri Krishna and Saravana) and all major cities of Tamil Nadu.
 Vetrivel Sakthivel is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005.
 Good Times Wonderful Times is a 1965 anti-war film the third feature-length film written produced and directed by independent American filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. It was produced in London and made with the support of James Jimmy Vaughan and Tadeusz Makarczynski who assisted in an extensive multi-year search for archival footage detailing the atrocities of war.
 The Time Machine – also known promotionally as H.G. Wells' The Time Machine – is a 1960 science fiction film based on the 1895 novel of the same name by H. G. Wells in which a man from Victorian England constructs a time-travelling machine which he uses to travel to the future. The film stars Rod Taylor Yvette Mimieux and Alan Young.The film was produced and directed by George Pal who had earlier made a film version of Wells's The War of the Worlds (1953).
 Lilika (Serbian: Лилика) is a 1970 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Branko Plesa. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 The Oxford and Cambridge University Boat Race is an 1895 British short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Birt Acres. It was filmed on March 30 1895.This film became the first in the UK to be commercially screened outside London and was displayed at Cardiff Town Hall on May 5 1896.
 Two White Arms is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Adolphe Menjou Margaret Bannerman and Claud Allister. It is adapted from a play by Harold Dearden. A man becomes bored with married life and pretends to have lost his memory so he can pursue other women. It is also known by the alternative title Wives Beware.
 Checkered Flag is a 1990 made for television film by John Glen and Michael Levine.
 Quicksand: No Escape is a 1992 thriller film directed by Michael Pressman and stars Donald Sutherland Tim Matheson Felicity Huffman and the debut role of a six year old Kaley Cuoco who over 13 years later achieved fame in the final season of the fantasy TV show Charmed and especially as one of the stars of the popular sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 Happy Endings is a 2005 American film written and directed by Don Roos and starring Tom Arnold Jesse Bradford Bobby Cannavale Steve Coogan Laura Dern Maggie Gyllenhaal Lisa Kudrow and Jason Ritter.The expression happy ending is a colloquial term for the practice of a masseuse offering sexual release to a client.
 Een Dubbeltje te Weinig (A dubbeltje too little) is a 1991 Dutch film directed by André van Duren.
 Monkeyshines (1889 or 1890) an experimental film made to test the original cylinder format of the Kinetoscope is believed to be the first film shot in the United States.Monkeyshines No. 1 was shot by William K.L. Dickson and William Heise for the Edison labs. Scholars have differing opinions on whether the first was shot in June 1889 starring John Ott or sometime between November 21-27 1890 starring G. Sacco Albanese.
 Six Degrees of Separation is a 1993 American drama film. It serves as a film adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-nominated John Guare play of the same title which was inspired by real-life con artist David Hampton. For her lead performance Stockard Channing received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film makes reference to two Kandinsky artworks Black Lines and Several Circles respectively referred to as chaos and control in the film.
 Treed Murray (Also known as Get Down) is a 2001 Canadian drama/thriller film. It was written and directed by William Phillips and features Stargate Atlantis star David Hewlett. It won two Genie Awards (Overall Sound and Sound Editing) and was nominated for three more (Motion Picture Direction and Music - Original Song).
 The Deceiver is a 1931 American mystery film directed by Louis King. The film stars Lloyd Hughes Ian Keith and Dorothy Sebastian. John Wayne makes a minor appearance as a corpse. The film premiered on November 21 1931.
 NCR: Not Criminally Responsible is a 2013 documentary film by John Kastner exploring the personal impact of the mental disorder defence in Canada following the stories of Sean Clifton a man who stabbed and badly injured a woman in a shopping mall while in a delusional state and his traumatized victim.
 Life and Death (Norwegian: Liv og død) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film directed by Petter Vennerød and Svend Wam. The film was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 A Quiet week in the House (Czech: Tichý týden v dome) is a 1969 Czechoslovak live-action/animated short film by Jan Švankmajer.
 The Man from Independence is a 1974 film directed by Jack Smight.
 Far from the Madding Crowd is a 1967 drama film adapted from the book of the same name by Thomas Hardy. It stars Julie Christie Alan Bates Terence Stamp and Peter Finch and was directed by John Schlesinger. It was Schlesinger's fourth film (and his third collaboration with Christie) and marked a stylistic shift away from his earlier works which explored contemporary urban mores. The cinematography was by Nicolas Roeg and the soundtrack was by Richard Rodney Bennett.
 Jelenin svet (Jelena's World) is a 2008 independent documentary film written and directed by Tanja Brzaković about former World No. 1 female tennis player Jelena Janković.
 Sleepaway Camp 3: Teenage Wasteland also known as Nightmare Vacation 3 is a 1989 horror-slasher film and the second sequel to Sleepaway Camp written by Fritz Gordon and directed by Michael A. Simpson. It stars Pamela Springsteen Tracy Griffith Michael J. Pollard Mark Oliver and Haynes Brooke.
 Adimai Changili is a 1997 Tamil language film directed by R. K. Selvamani. The film features Arjun and Roja in lead roles whilst Rambha Anandaraj and M. N. Nambiar play supporting roles. The film fared poorly at the box office after it opened in September 1997.
 I Prefer the Sound of the Sea (Italian: Preferisco il rumore del mare French: Je préfère le bruit de la mer) is a 2000 Italian-French drama film directed by Mimmo Calopresti. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.The title Preferisco il rumore del mare is a verse of Dino Campana. Rosario reads excerpts of Heart and works in a bookshop named Franti.
 The Company She Keeps is a 1951 film drama starring Lizabeth Scott Jane Greer and Dennis O'Keefe. The picture was directed by John Cromwell whose film the previous year Caged also concerned a woman sent to prison.This was Jeff Bridges' first film he was 4 months old at the time (he was born in 1949).
 For the sons of Rama see Lava and KushaLava Kusa (also spelled as Lava Kusha) is a 1963 Telugu mythological film directed by C. S. Rao and Chittajallu Pullayya and written by Samudrala Raghavacharya. The blockbuster film has also won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu for that year. It was also dubbed in Tamil and Kannada.
 The Bad Man is a 1941 Western film starring Wallace Beery Lionel Barrymore Laraine Day and Ronald Reagan. The movie was written by Wells Root from the Porter Emerson Browne play and directed by Richard Thorpe. The film is a remake of 1930's The Bad Man which stars Walter Huston in Wallace Beery's role of Pancho Lopez.
 The Silencers is the title of an American spy film spoof motion picture produced in 1966 and starring Dean Martin as agent Matt Helm. It is only loosely based upon the novel The Silencers by Donald Hamilton as well as another of Hamilton's Helm novels Death of a Citizen.Co-starring with Martin are Stella Stevens Daliah Lavi and Victor Buono. Cyd Charisse opens the film with a sexy striptease-style dance while lip synching Vikki Carr's vocals of the titular theme song.
 Buud Yam is a 1997 Burkinabé historical drama film written and directed by Gaston Kaboré. It is the sequel to the film Wend Kuuni. As of 2001 it was the most popular African film ever in Burkina Faso.
 The Wedding Video is a 2012 comedy written by Tim Firth and directed by Nigel Cole.Presented in the found footage style the film stars Rufus Hound Lucy Punch and Robert Webb. It follows an engaged couple's best man as he creates a video documentary of their wedding.
 Zift (Bulgarian: Дзифт Dzift) is 2008 black-and-white Bulgarian film that combines neo-noir and black comedy with socialist retro motifs; it is based on Vladislav Todorov's 2006 eponymous novel who also wrote the script.
 Ishtar is a 1987 American comedy film written and directed by Elaine May and produced by Warren Beatty who co-starred with Dustin Hoffman.
 Kanmanikal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Dancing in September is an alternate name for September a single by Earth Wind & Fire.Dancing in September is a 2000 HBO television film starring Isaiah Washington and Nicole Ari Parker.
 Il Marchese del Grillo (The Marquess Del Grillo internationally released as The Marquis of Grillo) is a 1981 Italian comedic motion picture directed by Mario Monicelli starring Alberto Sordi as the titular character. The film depicts early nineteenth-century episodes in the life of a nobleman in Rome. Loosely based on folkloric accounts of the real Onofrio del Grillo (who lived in the eighteenth century) this character plays a number of pranks one even involving Pope Pius VII.
 The Prophecy: Uprising is a 2005 fantasy horror-thriller film and the fourth motion picture (of five) in The Prophecy series. This chapter does not feature series regular Christopher Walken instead starring Doug Bradley British actor Sean Pertwee and frequent horror-film actor Kari Wührer in the lead roles. This installment continues with the tale of war between angels.
 Dasepo Naughty Girls (Hangul: 다세포 소녀; RR: Dasepo sonyo; lit. Dasepo Girl or Multi-cell Girl) is a 2006 South Korean musical comedy film. It is based on the popular webcomic Dasepo Girls by B-rate Dal-gung which has also been adapted into a TV series.
 Sex Is Zero (Hangul: 색즉시공; RR: Saekjeuk shigong) is a 2002 South Korean film written and directed by Yoon Je-kyoon starring Im Chang-jung and Ha Ji-won. In the style of American gross-out comedies like American Pie it follows the exploits of a group of college students which eventually takes a serious turn. Sex Is Zero sold 4089900 tickets in South Korea making it the fifth most popular film of 2002.A sequel Sex Is Zero 2 was released in December 2007 starring most of the original cast.
 Adam and Evil is a 2004 horror film directed by Andrew Van Slee about a group of teens who face a murderer while partying at a camping site.
 Love Dot Com (Oriya: ଲଭ୍ ଡଟ୍ କମ୍) is a 2009 Oriya film produced & directed by Raqhat Quddus. This film is a love story of two lovers who has family rivalry.
 The Scrapper is a 1917 short Western film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 Pretty Persuasion is a 2005 American black comedy/satirical film about a 15-year-old schoolgirl who makes an allegation of sexual harassment against her drama teacher. The film's tagline is: Revenge knows no mercy. It was written by Skander Halim and directed by Marcos Siega. It stars Evan Rachel Wood James Woods and Ron Livingston and was released in the US on August 12 2005 in select theaters.
 Amanita Pestilens is a 1963 Canadian film produced by F. R. Crawley directed by René Bonnière. It was the first Canadian feature film to be shot in both English and French with the same set of actors[1] and which included an early career performance by Geneviève Bujold along with performances by Jacques Labrecque and Huguette Oligny.[2] This was also the first time a Canadian feature film was produced in colour.
 Le Couperet is a Belgian-French-Spanish (2005) film. The English title of this film is The Axe.Directed by Costa-Gavras and starring José Garcia Karin Viard and Olivier Gourmet Le Couperet is an adaptation of the novel The Ax by Donald E. Westlake. The film follows the hero Bruno D. (Garcia) trying to do the right thing but having no choice than to take the wrong path.
 Doraemon: Nobita's Secret Gadget Museum (ドラえもん のび太のひみつ道具博物館（ミュージアム Doraemon: Nobita no Himitsu Dōgu Museum) known in Europe as Doraemon and Nobita Holmes in the Mysterious Museum of the Future is a 2013 Japanese anime film part of the Doraemon film series.
 A Woman's Face (Swedish: En kvinnas ansikte) is a 1938 Swedish drama film directed by Gustaf Molander based on the play Il etait une fois by Francis de Croisset. The cast includes Ingrid Bergman in the lead as a woman criminal with a disfigured face.The film was awarded a Special Recommendation at the 1938 Venice Film Festival for its overall artistic contribution. It was remade in 1941 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with the same title.
 Sohni Mahiwal is a 1958 Bollywood film produced by J. N. Choudhary and directed by Raja Nawathe. The film stars Bharat Bhushan Nimmi and Om Prakash in lead roles. The film's music is composed by Naushad. The film is based on the tragic romances of the Sindh Sohni Mahiwal.
 This Girl's Life is a 2003 film written and directed by Ash. The story revolves around the life of Moon a porn star (played by Juliette Marquis). The movie also stars James Woods Michael Rapaport Rosario Dawson and Kip Pardue.
 Old Mother Riley in Society is a low budget 1940 black and white British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane. It is the fifth in the long running Old Mother Riley series and features the screen debut of Jimmy Clitheroe as the boot boy in a high society household.
 Hickey & Boggs is a 1972 neo-noir detective movie written by Walter Hill and directed by Robert Culp. The film marks the first reunion of Culp and Bill Cosby since they starred together in the 1960s television series I Spy.
 Toy Story of Terror! is a 21-minute Halloween television special set shortly after the events of Toy Story 3 that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday October 16 2013. It was directed by Angus MacLane produced by Galyn Susman with Tom Hanks Tim Allen Joan Cusack Don Rickles Wallace Shawn Timothy Dalton and Kristen Schaal reprising their roles of Woody Buzz Lightyear Jessie Mr. Potato Head Rex Mr.
 Catene is a 1974 Italian melodramatic film directed by Silvio Amadio. The film is the remake of the 1949 top grossing film with the same title by Raffaello Matarazzo. It was a commercial failure grossing about 60 millions of lire.
 The Violin Player (French: Le joueur de violon) is a 1994 French-Belgian drama film directed by Charles Van Damme. It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Backwoods is a 2008 horror television film directed by Marty Weiss and starring Ryan Merriman & Haylie Duff.
 Latter Days is a 2003 American romantic comedy-drama film about a gay relationship between a closeted Mormon missionary and his openly gay neighbor. The film was written and directed by C. Jay Cox and stars Steve Sandvoss as the missionary Aaron and Wes Ramsey as the neighbor Christian. Joseph Gordon-Levitt appears as Elder Ryder and Rebekah Johnson as Julie Taylor.
 O Cônsul de Bordéus is a 2012 Portuguese biographical film about Aristides de Sousa Mendes and directed by Francisco Manso and João Corrêa. The film was shot in Viana do Castelo and Bordeaux.
 The Arsonist (Malay: Kaki bakar) is a 1995 Malaysian drama film directed by U-Wei Haji Saari. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Melody for Three is a 1941 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton one of the six films of the Dr. Christian series.
 Wife Wanted (also known as Wanted - A Wife) is a 1915 American silent short comedy-drama film directed by Henry Otto starring Ed Coxen John Steppling and Winifred Greenwood.
 Together is a short film drama directed by Eicke Bettinga starring Matt Smith. The film premiered in the International Critics' Week section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 Chasing Trouble is a 1940 American comedy-drama film directed by Howard Bretherton from Monogram Pictures.
 Johns (styled as johns) is a 1996 American drama film starring David Arquette and Lukas Haas who portray hustlers who work Santa Monica Boulevard.
 Chu Chu and the Philly Flash is a 1981 comedy film starring Alan Arkin Carol Burnett Jack Warden Ruth Buzzi and Danny Aiello. It was released in 1981 by 20th Century Fox. Arkin plays a down-his-luck former baseball player and Burnett plays a Carmen Miranda-style performer. The film was panned by critics and was not a box office success.Many of the scenes particularly the exterior scenes of Chu Chu home were filmed in San Francisco's Potrero Hill district.
 Unconquered is a 1989 television film directed and produced by Dick Lowry and co-produced by Dean Silvers.
 Bad Taste is a 1987 splatter horror comedy film directed written produced photographed co-edited by and co-starring Peter Jackson who also made most of the makeup and special effects. Produced on a low budget it is Jackson's first feature film. Jackson and friends take on most of the key roles both on and off-screen.
 A Date with the Falcon is the second in a series of films about a suave detective nicknamed The Falcon. The 1942 sequel film features many of the same characters as its predecessor The Gay Falcon.
 Vara: A Blessing is a 2013 English drama film directed by Khyentse Norbu. This is first English language feature film by Bhutanese film director after The Cup (1999) and Travellers and Magicians (2003). Based on a Bengali short story Rakta Aar Kanna (Blood and Tears) by Sunil Gangopadhyay about the daughter of a devadasi who falls in love with a Muslim sculptor.The film stars Shahana Goswami Devesh Ranjan Mohamed Adamaly and Rohit Raj in lead roles.
 Titan A.E. is a 2000 animated post-apocalyptic science fiction adventure film directed by both Don Bluth and Gary Goldman. The title refers to the spacecraft central to the plot with A.E. meaning After Earth. The film stars the voices of Matt Damon Bill Pullman John Leguizamo Nathan Lane Janeane Garofalo and Drew Barrymore. The film's animation technique combines traditional hand-drawn animation and extensive use of computer generated imagery. Its working title was Planet Ice.
 One Desire is a 1955 film directed by Jerry Hopper. It stars Anne Baxter and Rock Hudson
 Unholy Rollers is a 1972 American action comedy film directed by Vernon Zimmerman and starring Claudia Jennings.
 New Jack City is a 1991 American crime film directed by Mario Van Peebles in his directorial debut who also co-stars in the film. The film stars Wesley Snipes Ice T Allen Payne Chris Rock and Judd Nelson. The film was released in the United States on March 8 1991.Wesley Snipes played Nino Brown a rising drug dealer and crime lord in New York City during the crack epidemic.
 The Hunchback is a 1997 television film based on Victor Hugo's iconic novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame directed by Peter Medak and produced by Stephane Reichel. It stars Richard Harris as Claude Frollo Salma Hayek as Esmeralda and Mandy Patinkin as Quasimodo the titular hunchback of Notre Dame.
 Konsento is a Japanese thriller film released in 2001 and directed by Shun Nakahara. It is based on the bestseller novel of the same title by Randy Taguchi.
 Monkey Businessmen is the 92nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Lola Versus is a 2012 American romantic comedy film directed by Daryl Wein. The screenplay was co-written by Wein and his partner and Lola co-star Zoe Lister-Jones. It stars Greta Gerwig Joel Kinnaman Zoe Lister Jones Bill Pullman and Debra Winger.
 Can't Stop the Music is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Nancy Walker. It is a pseudo-biography of disco's Village People which bears only a vague resemblance to the actual story of the group's formation.
 A Little Game is a 1971 ABC Movie of the Week that was first broadcast on October 30 1971 starring Christopher Shea as a young boy who will do anything to get what he wants. He is responsible for the deaths of fellow students at the military academy he attends yet his mother (Diane Baker) refuses to believe that he is guilty of anything. His stepfather (Ed Nelson) begins to wonder if the boy wants to get rid of him.
 The Suram Fortress (Georgian: სურამის ციხე Russian: Сурамская крепость) is a 1922 Soviet Georgian film directed by Ivan Perestiani based on Daniel Chonkadze's novel with the same title.
 Antti the Treebranch (Finnish: Antti Puuhaara) is a 1976 Finnish drama film directed by Katariina Lahti Heikki Partanen and Riitta Rautoma. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 I Dismember Mama also known as Poor Albert and Little Annie is a 1974 horror film about a violent sex criminal with a fixation on his mother. During its original theatrical release patrons were given free paper Up Chuck Cups with the purchase of a ticket. A well known trailer advertising a double feature paired with 1972's The Blood Spattered Bride which was filmed in the style of a news report covering the story of an audience member who had gone insane while watching the films.
 The War Widow is a ground-breaking 1976 television film starring Pamela Bellwood Frances Lee McCain Tim Matheson and Nan Martin. Originally broadcast by KCET Los Angeles (then a PBS affiliate) on their dramatic showcase series Visions KCET this sweet quiet film is set during World War I. It is the story of Amy a proper but lonely housewife whose husband is away at war.
 Aval Sumangalithan is a 1985 Tamil drama film directed by Visu. The film features Karthik and Ilavarasi in lead roles. The film produced by Rajam Balachander and Pushpa Kandaswamy had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan and was released on 19 July 1985.
 Final Destination is an American horror franchise based on an unproduced spec script by Jeffrey Reddick originally written for the X-Files television series. Distributed by New Line Cinema all five films are centered on the themes of fatalism predestination and precognition in relation to death (i.e. how to foresee avoid or control it).
 Father's Little Dividend is a 1951 comedy film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Spencer Tracy Joan Bennett and Elizabeth Taylor. The movie is the sequel to Father of the Bride (1950).Originally released by MGM the film entered the public domain in the United States in 1979 due to a failure to renew the copyright. Despite the fact that Warner Bros.
 Occupy Unmasked is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Stephen K. Bannon and produced by David Bossie which is critical of the Occupy movementand was produced by Citizens United Productions.The documentary was released in limited theaters on September 21 2012 distributed by Mark Cuban's Magnolia Pictures. Cuban stated I don't have any politics and that his company released the documentary solely because we believe there is an audience for it before the 2012 U.S.
 Man in the Middle is a 1963 CinemaScope film starring Robert Mitchum and directed by Guy Hamilton. The movie set in World War II India tells the story of the murder trial of an American Army officer who killed a British soldier. Mitchum plays Lieut. Col. Barney Adams who has been assigned as the accused man's defense counsel. The film is also known as The Winston Affair the title of the novel the film was based on which was written by Howard Fast.
 Spinning Boris is a 2003 comedy movie starring Jeff Goldblum Anthony LaPaglia and Liev Schreiber. It was directed by Roger Spottiswoode.
 The Land Has Eyes (Pear ta ma 'on maf in Rotuman) is a 2004 Fiji Islander film written and directed by Vilsoni Hereniko. It is the first ever (and so far only) feature film from Fiji.
 Furtivos (Poachers) is a 1975 Spanish film directed by José Luis Borau. It stars Lola Gaos Ovidi Montllor and Alicia Sánchez. The script was written by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón and José Luis Borau. The film is a stark drama that portraits an oedipal relationship and its dire consequences. A great critical and commercial success it won best picture at the San Sebastián International Film Festival in 1975. Furtivos is considered a classic of Spanish cinema.
 The Man Who Planted Trees (French: L'homme qui plantait des arbres) is a 1987 Canadian short animated film directed by Frédéric Back. It is based on the story of the same name by Jean Giono. This 30-minute film was distributed in two versions French and English narrated respectively by noted actors Philippe Noiret and Christopher Plummer and produced by Radio-Canada.It is available on a Region 1 DVD either on its own or with other animated films directed by Frédéric Back.
 Parisian Love is a black and white 1925 silent film starring Clara Bow. The film was produced by B.P. Schulberg Productions. A copy of this film still survives.
 Born Yesterday is a 1993 film based on Born Yesterday a play by Garson Kanin. The film stars Melanie Griffith John Goodman and Don Johnson. It was adapted by Douglas McGrath and directed by Luis Mandoki.This version is a remake of the 1950 film of the same name that starred Broderick Crawford Judy Holliday (in an Oscar-winning performance) and William Holden.
 That Day After Everyday is a Hindi short film directed by Anurag Kashyap written by Nitin Bhardwaj and produced by Sankalp Acharekar & Omer Haidar. Starring Sandhya Mridul Radhika Apte Geetanjali Thapa and Aranya kaur - the film takes the audience on an emotional ride ending at an action filled crescendo.
 Le Plaisir also known by its English title House of Pleasure is a 1952 French comedy-drama anthology film directed by Max Ophüls adapting three stories by Guy de Maupassant (Le Masque La Maison Tellier and Le Modèle).Le Plaisir was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Max Ophüls).
 Crime in Connecticut: The Story of Alex Kelly (also billed as The Return of Alex Kelly) is based on the life of Alex Kelly. It was released on March 16 1999.
 On the Edge of Innocence is a 1997 television drama film directed by Peter Werner. It stars Kellie Martin as a manic-depressive teenager.
 A Monkey's Tale (French: Le Château des singes; literally The Castle of Monkeys) is a feature-length French animated film directed by Jean-François Laguionie. It was released in 1999 and won the Award for Best Animated Feature Film at the 5th Kecskemét Animation Film Festival. It has never been released on American video or DVD although it has been available in the UK.
 Classmates (1924) is a silent drama film starring Richard Barthelmess produced by his company Inspiration Pictures and distributed by Associated First National Pictures. The film was directed by John S. Robertson and starred Richard Barthelmess and a still teenaged Madge Evans. The film is based on a popular 1907 play by William C. deMille and Margaret Turnbull. The play was previously filmed in 1908 and 1914.
 Johny Mera Naam (English: My Name is Johny) is a blockbuster 1970 Crimecomedydrama film. Directed by Vijay Anand it stars the director's brother Dev Anand and Pran in the role of a pair of brothers separated in childhood. Hema Malini Jeevan Premnath I. S. Johar and Iftekhar also star in this movie. It is considered a Dev Anand classic. At the 18th Filmfare Awards Vijay Anand won the Filmfare Best Screenplay Award the film while actor I.
 The Desert Outlaw is a 1924 American silent Western film directed by Edmund Mortimer and starring Evelyn Brent. Prints of the film survive in the Czech Film Archive.
 see also Red River Valley (disambiguation)Red River Valley is a 1941 western film about ranchers struggling to build a reservoir. It stars Roy Rogers Gabby Hayes and Gale Storm and the director was Joseph Kane.
 Around the Boree Log is a 1925 Australian silent film adapted from the poems of John O'Brien (Patrick Joseph Hartigan). It tells stories of a priest's life around the 1870s in the Goulburn area.Unlike many Australian silent films a copy of it survives today.
 Rose Hill is a 1997 Hallmark Hall of Fame film starring Jennifer Garner based on Julie Garwood's novel For the Roses.
 For Heaven's Sake is a 1926 comedy silent film starring Harold Lloyd. It was made just before one of Lloyd's most critically praised films today The Kid Brother. Commercially it was one of Lloyd's most successful films and the 12th highest-grossing film of the silent era pulling in $2600000.
 Break Up (Italian: L'uomo dei cinque palloni and also known as The Man with the Balloons) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Ferreri.
 Kit Kittredge: An American Girl (also advertised as Kit Kittredge: An American Girl Mystery) is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Patricia Rozema. The screenplay by Ann Peacock (based on the Kit Kittredge stories by Valerie Tripp) focuses on the American Girl character Kit Kittredge who lives in Cincinnati Ohio during the Great Depression. The film is the first in the American Girl film series to have a theatrical release; the first three were television movies.
 The Merchant of Venice is frequently cited as an unfinished film directed by Orson Welles and based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name. It was actually completed but is better described as a partially lost film. Welles played the role of Shylock in addition to producing and directing the film as well as writing the adaptation. Charles Gray featured as Antonio and Irina Maleeva as Jessica. Further cast members were Dorian Bond Bill Cronshaw Mauro Bonnani and Nina Palinkas.
 O-Kay for Sound is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring the Crazy Gang troupe of comedians. After falling on hard times the members of the Crazy Gang are busking on the streets of London. However they are hired as extras on a film set.
 The Delay (Spanish: La demora) is a 2012 Uruguayan drama film directed by Rodrigo Plá. The film was selected as the Uruguayan entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Cabin Pressure is a 2001 Canada film reuniting Craig Sheffer and John Pyper-Ferguson (who appeared together in Roadflower). The film also featured Canadian voice actor Michael Kopsa
 Noches de Buenos Aires is a 1935 Argentine romantic musical film directed and written by Manuel Romero with Luis Bayón Herrera. It is a tango film and was edited by Francisco Múgica
 Run Leia Run is a fan film that made its debut on the Internet in January 2003 following a premiere at Northwestern University.
 Koothara (Malayalam: കൂതറ) is an upcoming Malayalam campus thriller film directed by Srinath Rajendran and written by Vini Vishwa Lal. The film is produced by Shahul Hammeed Marikar under the banner Marikar Films. It stars Mohanlal in an extended cameo along with Bharath and Sunny Wayne. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Gopi Sundar. Cinematography is handled by Pappu and the editing is by Praveen K. L. and N. B. Srikanth.
 Sweden Live is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette released on VHS and Laserdisc on February 17 1989. It features footage from a concert filmed in Sweden.
 Tiyanaks is a horror thriller film directed by Mark Reyes. It is also the second installment of the Tiyanak film series.
 The Silence of Joan (French: Jeanne captive) is a 2011 French historical film directed by Philippe Ramos and starring Clémence Poésy Thierry Frémont and Liam Cunningham. The film appeared in the Directors' Fortnight at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Metal Gear Solid: Philanthropy is a 2009 non-profit fan made movie series created by Hive Division a team of Italian students and filmmakers. It is a film based on the highly successful Metal Gear video game series. It is written directed and edited by Giacomo Talamini a 27-year-old Italian student filmmaker who also stars in the movie as Solid Snake.
 Signs and Wonders is a 2000 psychological thriller directed by Jonathan Nossiter and co-written with British poet James Lasdun (also co-writer of Sunday) was inspired by the Polish surrealist novel Kosmos of Witold Gombrowicz.It stars Stellan Skarsgård Charlotte Rampling and Deborah Kara Unger. Produced by MK2 in Paris with Nick Wechsler and Jed Alpert in the USA it was one of the first larger budget films (reportedly $50000000) to use digital cameras for eventual blowup to 35 MM.
 A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon (Swedish: Berget på månens baksida) is a 1983 Swedish drama film directed by Lennart Hjulström. Gunilla Nyroos won the award for Best Actress at the 20th Guldbagge Awards.
 Manito is a 2002 American independent film written and directed by first time film maker Eric Eason.
 Adventures of a Teenage Dragonslayer is a 2010 live action fantasy film directed by Andrew Lauer.
 A Fighter's Blues (阿虎) is a 2000 Hong Kong drama film directed by Daniel Lee and starring Andy Lau. On another note A Fighter's Blues is also Lau's 100th film role.
 400 Boys is an upcoming Canadian/Chinese action-fantasy thriller film directed written and produced by Alastair Paton and starring Jodelle Ferland Li Bingbing Maria Valverde and Charlie Rowe.
 Mother's Boys is a 1994 thriller film starring Jamie Lee Curtis Peter Gallagher Joanne Whalley and Vanessa Redgrave.
 Roses from the South (German:Rosen aus dem Süden) is a 1926 German silent romance film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Henny Porten Angelo Ferrari and Wilhelm Bendow. Its title is a reference to the song Rosen aus dem Süden by Johann Strauss II. Art direction was by Franz Schroedter. The film premiered in Berlin on 11 March 1926.
 Haunted Summer is a 1988 drama film directed by Ivan Passer.It stars Philip Anglim as Lord Byron Eric Stoltz as Percy Shelley Alice Krige as Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin Alex Winter as Dr. John William Polidori and Laura Dern as Claire Clairmont.
 Ek Baap Chhe Bete is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood. The film stars Yogeeta Bali.
 Free Birds is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated buddy comedy film produced by Reel FX Creative Studios.Jimmy Hayward directed the film which features the voices of Owen Wilson Woody Harrelson and Amy Poehler. Originally titled Turkeys and scheduled for 2014 it was released on November 1 2013 by Relativity Media.
 Before It Had a Name is a 2005 film directed by Giada Colagrande and co-written by her and husband Willem Dafoe. The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival and was retitled as The Black Widow when it was released on DVD. It marked the first time Dafoe had developed a project to the point of being shot as well as the first time Colagrande had written in English.
 The Man From Planet X is a 1951 American science fiction film. starring Robert Clarke Margaret Field and William Schallert. It was directed by Edgar G. Ulmer.
 Charlie at the Sydney Show is a 1916 Australian short film starring Charlie Chaplin impersonator Ern Vockler.Unlike many Australian films from the silent era a copy of this survives almost in its entirety.
 Das Phantom (The Phantom) is a German thriller TV-movie directed by Dennis Gansel. It is based on the book Das RAF-Phantom and stars Jürgen Vogel.
 Bazaar (Hindi: बाज़ार; English: Market) is a 1982 Indian film directed by Sagar Sarhadi and starring Naseeruddin Shah Farooq Shaikh Smita Patil and Supriya Pathak. The film set in Hyderabad India highlights the issue of bride buying in India through the tragedy of a young girl being sold by needy parents to affluent expartraite Indians in the Gulf.
 'night Mother is a 1986 American drama film written by Marsha Norman. The film which stars Sissy Spacek and Anne Bancroft is based on Norman's Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Hunters is a 2011 American crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant. The film was produced by Antoine HuetThomas Malmonte Donato Rotunno Joseph Rouschop. It stars Dianna Agron Steven Waddington and Tony Becker. It released in limited theaters on December 27 2011.
 Minnie and Moskowitz is a film by John Cassavetes starring his wife Gena Rowlands and actor Seymour Cassel in the title roles of Minnie and Moskowitz respectively.
 Nutcase is a 1980 film directed by Roger Donaldson.
 Ramanujacharya is a 1989 Tamil film directed by G. V. Iyer. The film is a biographical film on Ramanujacharya.
 White Skin (French title: La Peau blanche) is a 2004 Canadian horror film directed by Daniel Roby. It was released on video in the United States under the title Cannibal. This film won the CityTV award for Best Canadian First Feature Film at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival. In this movie two men discover that one's girlfriend isn't human at all... she's a vampiric creature that needs to feed on human flesh.Tagline: Don't run...She will find you.
 Jurm Aur Sazaa is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Nisar Ahmad Ansari.
 The 34th Battalion is an upcoming Australian war film directed and produced by Luke Sparke. The film follows four friends from Maitland New South Wales who join the 34th Battalion to serve on the Western Front. The film depicts the experiences of the unit which was recruited in 1916.
 Five Came Back is a 1939 melodrama and a precursor of the disaster film genre. The film was directed by John Farrow photographed by renowned film noir cinematographer Nicholas Musuraca and written by Jerry Cady Dalton Trumbo and Nathanael West. Although considered a B feature the notices received by Lucille Ball helped launch her as an A list actress.Five Came Back was remade in 1948 (differing only in minor details) as the Mexican film Los que volvieron.
 Dark Descent is a 2002 film written and directed by Daniel Knauf.
 Jack the Bear is a 1993 American drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz written by Steven Zaillian based on the novel by Dan McCall and starring Danny DeVito Robert J. Steinmiller Jr. Miko Hughes and Gary Sinise.
 The Three Musketeers is a 1993 film from Walt Disney Pictures and Caravan Pictures directed by Stephen Herek from a screenplay by David Loughery and starring Charlie Sheen Kiefer Sutherland Chris O'Donnell Oliver Platt Tim Curry and Rebecca De Mornay.The film is loosely based on the novel The Three Musketeers (Les Trois Mousquetaires) by Alexandre Dumas père. It recounts the adventures of d'Artagnan on his quest to join the three title characters in becoming a musketeer.
 Le Lit à colonnes (English: The Four-poster) is a French drama film from 1942 directed by Roland Tual written by Charles Spaak starring Fernand Ledoux and Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Louise de Vilmorin. In Finland the film was distributed under the title Ristikon sävel (realisation 7 February 1947).
 Namma Preethiya Ramu (Kannada: ನಮ್ಮ ಪ್ರೀತಿಯ ರಾಮು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada tragedy drama film directed by Sanjay - Vijay duo and written by Vinayan who directed the original Malayalam version Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum. The film stars Darshan playing the eponymous character of a blind village singer along with Navya and Hamsavijetha in other prominent roles. The film was produced by G Nandakumar and B P Rame Gowda for Vishwapriya Films studio.
 Life As We Know It is a 2010 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Greg Berlanti starring Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel. It was released on October 8 2010 after sneak previews in 811 theaters on October 2 2010. It was released on DVD on February 8 2011.
 Medora is a 2013 documentary film by Andrew Cohn and Davy Rothbart about a small town basketball team based in Medora Indiana called the Medora Hornets the town's 70-students high school basketball team which is on a losing streak of many seasons just unable to keep up with larger schools in the area league much as Medora itself struggles to barely survive.The directors were initially interested in the team after an article in The New York Times about the team.
 Tricks (Polish: Sztuczki) is a 2007 Polish film written directed and produced by Andrzej Jakimowski starring Damian Ul Ewelina Walendziak and Tomasz Sapryk. Tricks is Andrzej Jakimowski's follow up to Squint Your Eyes (Zmruz oczy) his 2002 debut.
 W.E. (stylized as W./E.) is a 2011 British romantic drama film co-written and directed by Madonna starring Abbie Cornish Andrea Riseborough Oscar Isaac Richard Coyle and James D'Arcy.The screenplay was co-written by Alek Keshishian who previously worked with Madonna on her 1991 documentary Truth or Dare (aka In Bed with Madonna) and two of her music video clips. The film was panned by critics and a box office bomb returning only a small fraction of its budget in box office revenue.
 Notte prima degli esami (English: Night Before the Exams) is a 2006 Italian comedy teen film written and directed by Fausto Brizzi. It describes the lives of two groups of Italian teenagers during the preparation of the esame di maturità (the final exam of Italian high school). It is set in Rome during the year 1989.The inspiration for the title was a famous 1980s song by Antonello Venditti.
 Davpech is an Action/Comedy Marathi film released on February 25 2011.
 see Dubara Palace for the palace in CairoDobara is a 2004 Indian Hindi film directed by Shashi Ranjan on his debut. It stars Jackie Shroff Mahima Chaudhry and Raveena Tandon.
 Truth Be Told is a 2012 documentary about growing up in the Jehovah's Witnesses religion. The title refers to the Jehovah's Witnesses’ perception that their beliefs are 'the truth.'
 Glen or Glenda is a 1953 exploitation film written directed by and starring Ed Wood and featuring Bela Lugosi and Wood's then-girlfriend Dolores Fuller. The title was originally I Changed My Sex! and is often given as Glen or Glenda? but the question mark is not present in the film itself. A new musical score for the film was composed in 2010 by Michael Penny.The film is a docudrama about cross-dressing and transsexuality and is semi-autobiographical in nature.
 How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film by DreamWorks Animation loosely based on the British book series of the same name by Cressida Cowell. The film was directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois the duo who directed Disney's Lilo & Stitch. It stars the voices of Jay Baruchel Gerard Butler Craig Ferguson America Ferrera Jonah Hill T.J.
 Anjuman a Pakistani Urdu colour film was released on 31 July 1970 starring Waheed Murad Rani Deeba Santosh Kumar Sabiha Khanam and Lehri. The film was released during the hey days of Waheed Murad and became a milestone in the Waheed's career. The film was produced by Safdar Masud under the banner Ideal Movies and directed by Hassan Tariq a well-known Pakistani film director.The film was released at the worse political situations of the country.
 Coteau Rouge is a 2011 French-Canadian (Quebec) film written and directed by André Forcier and produced by Les Films du Paria.The film is set on the south-shore of Montreal.
 The Revolution That Wasn't (Russian: Революция которой не было Finnish: Vallankumous jota ei tullut Estonian: Revolutsioon mida ei olnud) is a 2008 documentary film by Russian filmmaker Alyona Polunina on the National Bolshevik Party and the Dissenters' March.
 Heaven on One's Head (French: Le Ciel sur la tête released in the United States as Skies Above) is a 1965 French science fiction film directed by Yves Ciampi. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Prize.
 St. George Slays the Dragon (Serbian: Свети Георгије убива аждаху Sveti Georgije ubiva aždahu) is a Serbian World War I drama directed by Srđan Dragojević and written by Dušan Kovačević. The movie premiered on March 11 2009.With a budget of around €5 million it was one of the most expensive Serbian movie productions to date.
 Devil's Island is a 1939 American prison film directed by William Clemens and starring Boris Karloff. This film is notable as Karloff portrays the hero of the piece opposed to the villain-like characters in his various horror roles.
 Sbatti il mostro in prima pagina (Italian: Slap the Monster on Page One) is a 1972 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It depicts the daily life of a fictitious Italian daily newspaper Il Giornale (The Newspaper).
 Jyotibacha Navas is a Marathi movie released on 15 April 1975. Produced by M.S. Salvi and directed by Kamlakar Torne. The movie shows the effect of love and how it can turn a piece of coal into a diamond. It is a family drama and keeps the audiences cativated till the very end.
 Capcana mercenarilor (Romanian: Capcana mercenarilor) is a 1981 Romanian adventure drama war film directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.
 The Spirit of Adventure is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Darktown Strutters is a 1975 blaxploitation film from New World Pictures.
 The Rugrats Movie is a 1998 American animated adventure-comedy film produced by Nickelodeon Movies and Klasky Csupo. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures and first released in theaters in the United States on November 20 1998. The film marks the first film made by Nickelodeon Movies to be based on a Nicktoon.Based on the popular 1990s animated Nickelodeon series Rugrats this film introduced Tommy Pickles' baby brother Dil Pickles who appeared on the original series the next year.
 Selfless is an upcoming drama film directed by Tarsem Singh and written by David Pastor and Àlex Pastor. The film stars Michelle Dockery Ryan Reynolds Ben Kingsley Victor Garber Matthew Goode Derek Luke and Natalie Martinez. The film is set to be released on February 27 2015.
 Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid is a 1948 fantasy film starring William Powell and Ann Blyth in the title roles. Irene Hervey played Mr. Peabody's wife. The film was based on the 1945 novel Peabody's Mermaid by Guy and Constance Jones. Sequences were shot at the Weeki Wachee Springs in Florida.
 I theia apo to Chicago (Greek: Η θεία από το Σικάγο The Aunt from Chicago) is a 1957 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios and produced by Finos Films. The film made 142459 tickets.
 Love on the Dole is a 1941 British drama film starring Deborah Kerr and Clifford Evans. It was adapted from the novel of the same name by Walter Greenwood.
 Young Joe the Forgotten Kennedy is a 1977 television movie that originally aired on ABC. Based upon the biography by Hank Searls called The Lost Prince: Young Joe the Forgotten Kennedy the film chronicles the life of Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. the unlucky older brother of John F. Kennedy. Young Joe stars Peter Strauss in the titular role and was directed by Richard T. Heffron.
 Sick Boy is an American Indie thriller starring Skye McCole Bartusiak and Marc Donato.
 The Pilgrim is a 1923 American silent film made by Charlie Chaplin for the First National Film Company starring Chaplin and Edna Purviance.The film marks the last time Edna Purviance would co-star with Chaplin and the last film he made for First National. Purviance also starred in Chaplin's A Woman of Paris (1923) in which Chaplin had a brief cameo. It was Chaplin's second-shortest feature film constructed more like a two-reeler from earlier in his career.
 A Touch of Love is a 1969 British drama film directed by Waris Hussein adapted by Margaret Drabble from her novel The Millstone (1965). It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Vadakakku Oru Hridayam (English: A Heart for Hire) is a 1978 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by Padmarajan. The film is based on the novel of the same name written by Padmarajan. It stars Jayabharathi Madhu Soman and Raghavan in the lead roles. It was dubbed and released in Hindi as Man Ka Aangan.
 Man Against the Mob (also known as Trouble in the City of Angels) is a 1988 NBC television movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern starring George Peppard Kathryn Harrold and Max Gail. Man Against the Mob is a variation on the 1981 theatrical feature True Confessions. This was designed around the actor George Peppard as a tough LA cop in the late 1940s. A 1989 TV-movie followup Man Against the Mob: The Chinatown Murders is a sequel that also stars Peppard.
 The Saint Strikes Back is a 1939 American crime film directed by John Farrow. It marks the second cinematic incarnation of the antihero crimefighting character Simon Templar alias The Saint. George Sanders replaced Louis Hayward who had played the Saint in The Saint in New York. The movie was produced by RKO and also featured Wendy Barrie as female gang leader Val Travers.
 Kaleidoscope is a 1966 British crime film starring Warren Beatty and Susannah York.
 La Mejor del colegio is a 1953 Argentine film.
 Dragonlance: Dragons of Autumn Twilight is a 2008 animated film the first to be based on the Dragonlance campaign setting of Dungeons & Dragons. It is based on the first novel in the setting Dragons of Autumn Twilight by co-creators Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman both of whom supplied creative assistance for the screenplay adaptation by George Strayton. The film was directed by Will Meugniot and distributed by Paramount Pictures directly to video.
 Gadibidi Aliya (Kannada: ಗಡಿಬಿಡಿ ಅಳಿಯ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by Sai Prakash and produced by K. Raghava Rao. This film stars Shivrajkumar in a dual role Malashri and Mohini in the lead roles whilst Jayamala and Srinath play other pivotal roles.The original score and soundtrack was composed by Koti for the lyrics of R. N. Jayagopal. The film is a remake of Telugu film Allari Alludu (1993) starring Akkineni Nagarjuna Nagma and Meena.
 The Nude Bomb (also known as The Return of Maxwell Smart or Maxwell Smart and the Nude Bomb) is a 1980 comedy film based on the television series Get Smart. It stars Don Adams as Maxwell Smart Agent 86 and was directed by Clive Donner. It was retitled The Return of Maxwell Smart for television.
 Ground Zero is a 1987 Australian drama-thriller about a cinematographer who prompted by curiosity about some old film footage taken by his father embarks on a quest to find out the truth about British nuclear tests at Maralinga. It stars actors Colin Friels Jack Thompson and Indigenous activist Burnum Burnum.
 Million Dollar Legs (1932) is an American comedy film starring Jack Oakie and W. C. Fields directed by Edward F. Cline produced by Herman J. Mankiewicz (co-writer of Citizen Kane) and B. P. Schulberg co-written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and released by Paramount Pictures. The movie was inspired by the 1932 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles.
 Silk Hope is a 1999 made-for-TV romantic-drama film that starred Farrah Fawcett along with Brad Johnson Ashley Crow and Scott Bryce.
 Something Ventured is a 2011 documentary film investigating the emergence of American venture capitalism in the mid-20th Century. Something Ventured follows the stories of the venture capitalists who worked with entrepreneurs to start and build companies like Apple Intel Genentech Cisco Atari Tandem and others.
 Kings of the Turf is a 1941 American short documentary film about horse racing directed by Del Frazier. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 D-Day - 1 was a short propaganda film produced shortly before the end of the Second World War to boost the 7th war bond drive. It focused on the experiences of American paratroopers and gliders who went into Normandy prior to the sea borne invasion.Opening with a statement by Gen. Barney M. Giles reminding the audience that the war can't be won without money to pay for armaments and equipment the film turns to an overview of Operation Overlord and the necessity for breaking the Atlantic wall.
 Lilies of the Field is a 1934 British romantic-comedy film directed by Norman Walker and starring Winifred Shotter Ellis Jeffreys Anthony Bushell and Claude Hulbert.
 The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934) is a British suspense film directed by Alfred Hitchcock featuring Peter Lorre and released by Gaumont British. It was one of the most successful and critically acclaimed films of Hitchcock's British period.Hitchcock remade the film with James Stewart and Doris Day in 1956 for Paramount Pictures. The two films are however very different in tone in setting and in many plot details.The film has nothing except the title in common with G. K.
 Freeze Frame (2004) is a psychological thriller film written and directed by John Simpson and starring comedian Lee Evans in a rare dramatic role.
 Jai Dwarkadheesh is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sushil Gupta.
 Petőfi '73 is a 1973 Hungarian drama film directed by Ferenc Kardos. It was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Journey (一路有你) is a 2014 Malaysia Chinese film directed by Chiu Keng Guan.
 Hungry Hill is a 1947 British film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Margaret Lockwood Dennis Price and Cecil Parker with a screenplay by Terence Young and Daphne du Maurier from the novel by Daphne du Maurier.A feud is waged between two families in Ireland - the Brodricks and the Donovans - over the sinking of a copper mine in Hungry Hill by Copper John Brodrick. The feud has repercussions down three generations.
 Go-Get-'Em Haines is a 1936 American mystery film directed by Sam Newfield. It was William Boyd's last non Hopalong Cassidy role.
 For the graphic novel by Dave McKean see Cages (comic series).Cages is a 2005 film directed by American film director Graham Streeter which tells the story of a single mother named Ali Tan (Tan Kheng Hua) who attempts to escape repeated bad releationships which puts her before the man she resents the most—her father Tan (Mako Iwamatsu). The truth is not always easy to face when her father reveals a dark secret 20 years past; a past that may cost a lifetime of relationship.
 The Strange World of Planet X (1958) is a British science fiction horror film and a cautionary tale about science. It was also known as Cosmic Monsters The Crawling Terror The Cosmic Monster and The Crawling Horror.The film was adapted by Paul Ryder from the 1957 Rene Ray novel of the same name; a TV serial adapted by Ray aired in Britain in 1956.
 The Quiet Ones also known as Hush is a 2010 American independent horror film directed by Amel J. Figueroa.The film stars Courtney Gains Reggie Bannister Bill Allen Adam C. Edwards and others.
 A Modest Hero is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 ..Shubhamangala is a 1975 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal based on a novel of the same name by Vani and starring Aarathi and Srinath in lead roles. The supporting cast features Shivaram Ambareesh Musuri Krishnamurthy and K. S. Ashwath.It is said that Puttanna and Aarathi became close during the filming of this movie. They were later married. The dialogues were written by renowned Kannada writer Bichi.
 I soferina (Greek: Greek: Η Σωφερίνα The Chauffeur Lady) is a 1964 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Giorgos Roussos The Last Joke (Το Τελευταίο Ψέμα = To Telefteo Psema). The movie was released into cinemas the same as To doloma was released which it had the same protagonistic twin but with a different company.The movie acted together for the first and only time in two great star Aliki Vougiouklaki and Maro Kontou.
 Love Story is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008directed by Raj Mukherjee the movie featured Angsuman Parashar Barsha Priyadarshini.
 Devil Monster (1936) is an American adventure film directed by S. Edwin Graham. The working title of the film was The Great Manta and it was shown in Great Britain as The Sea Fiend in 1938. Also a Spanish-language version entitled El diablo del mar directed by Juan Duval using some of the same actors and footage was released in the United States in 1936 by Cinexport Films.
 Malice is a 1993 American thriller film directed by Harold Becker. The screenplay by Aaron Sorkin and Scott Frank is based on a story by Jonas McCord. It stars Alec Baldwin Nicole Kidman and Bill Pullman.
 Vedi (Tamil: வெடி; English: Firecracker) is a Tamil action film directed by Prabhu Deva featuring Vishal and Sameera Reddy in the lead roles. A remake of the successful 2008 Telugu film Souryam the film was released on 30 September 2011 across 250 screens in Tamil Nadu 62 screens in Kerala and 28 screens in Karnataka Vedi received mixed reviews. It has been dubbed in Hindi as Fighter Mard No.1.
 Listen Lena is a 1927 comedy film directed by Clem Beauchamp. According to the Internet Movie Database Fatty Arbuckle appears in this film as a fat man with strategically covered face although the role is uncredited and unconfirmed.
 Warlock is a 1989 American cult horror film produced and directed by Steve Miner and starring Julian Sands Lori Singer and Richard E. Grant. It was written by David Twohy. The soundtrack was by Jerry Goldsmith.
 Slasher is a 2007 horror film written and directed by Frank W. Montag and co-written by Jörn Döring.
 Rain (Dutch: Regen) is a 1929 Dutch short documentary film directed by Mannus Franken and Joris Ivens. It premiered on December 14 1929 in the Amsterdam Filmliga’s theater De Uitkijk.
 The Double is a black comedy film written and directed by Richard Ayoade and starring Jesse Eisenberg and Mia Wasikowska. The film is based on the novella The Double by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It is about a man who is driven nearly to breakdown after finding out his life has been usurped by a doppelgänger. The film was produced by Alcove Entertainment with Michael Caine Graeme Cox (Attercop) Tessa Ross (Film4) and Nigel Williams as executive producers.
 Yesterday (예스터데이 - Yeseuteodeyi) is a 2002 science fiction/action movie set in a unified Korean peninsula in the year 2020.
 Problem Child 2 is the 1991 comedy film sequel to the 1990 sleeper hit Problem Child; a continuation of the exploits of an adopted orphan boy who deliberately wreaks comedic havoc everywhere he goes. In this film Amy Yasbeck portrays Annie Young unlike the first film in which she originally portrayed as Flo Healy wife of Ben Healy (John Ritter). This film was produced by producer Robert Simonds who also produced the first film in the Problem Child series Problem Child.
 Red: The Dark Side is a 2007 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt.
 The Scholar is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 A Sister to Assist 'Er is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by George Dewhurst and starring Mary Brough Polly Emery and Humberston Wright. It was based on the play A Sister to Assist 'Er by John le Breton.
 The Real Thing at Last is a satirical silent movie based on the play Macbeth. It was written in 1916 by Peter Pan creator and playwright J. M. Barrie as a parody of the American film industry.
 Simba is a 1955 British drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Dirk Bogarde Donald Sinden Virginia McKenna and Basil Sydney. A British family living in East Africa become embroiled in the Mau Mau Uprising.
 The First Auto is a 1927 film about the transition from horses to cars and the rift it causes in one family. It stars Russell Simpson Charles Emmett Mack and Patsy Ruth Miller. While mostly silent the film does feature a few spoken words and some laughter via the Vitaphone system.
 Daibyonin (大病人 Daibyōnin literally patient in serious condition; known as The Last Dance or The Seriously Ill) is a 1993 film directed by the Japanese film director Juzo Itami about the final year of a successful film director suffering from cancer.The film can be seen as a criticism of the traditional attitudes of Japanese doctors to their patients especially the withholding of information from patients suffering from terminal illnesses.
 Madhouse is a 1974 British horror film directed by Jim Clark for Amicus Productions in association with American International Pictures. It stars Vincent Price Natasha Pyne Peter Cushing Robert Quarry Adrienne Corri and Linda Hayden.
 Vampyres is a 1974 British erotic/lesbian vampire horror film directed by José Ramón Larraz. It was filmed on location in England.
 Il Peccato di Anna is a 1952 Italian film.
 Innathe Chintha Vishayam (2008) is an Malayalam film directed by Satyan Anthikad. It stars Mohanlal and Meera Jasmine in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack is composed by Ilayaraja. The film is based on the current scenario of increased divorces in modern-day Indian society.
 Bam Bam and Celeste is a 2005 comedy film starring Margaret Cho and Bruce Daniels.
 Walls of Sand is a 1994 independent film directed and produced by Erica Jordan and co-produced by Shirin Etessam. It is notable for being the first contemporary feature film to be webcast on the Internet.
 An Eastern Westerner is a 1920 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. A copy of the film exists.
 The Spirit of '76 is a 1990 comedy film that spoofs American culture of the mid-1970s. It stars David Cassidy Carl Reiner Rob Reiner Olivia d'Abo and the rock groups Redd Kross and Devo. The movie was released on October 12 1990.
 Of Gods and the Undead (Portuguese: Os Deuses e os Mortos) is a 1970 Brazilian drama film directed by Ruy Guerra. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Pippi on the Run (original title: På rymmen med Pippi Långstrump) is a 1970 Swedish movie based on the eponymous children's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking. It was released in the USA in 1977.
 Balzaminov's Marriage (Russian: Женитьба Бальзаминова) is a 1964 Soviet comedy film directed by Konstantin Voynov.
 The Slugger's Wife is a 1985 romantic comedy film about a baseball star who falls for a singer. Written by Neil Simon directed by Hal Ashby and produced by Ray Stark the film stars Michael O'Keefe Rebecca De Mornay and Randy Quaid. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and released on March 29 1985.
 Onna Keirin-ō (女競輪王) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by ...It is a sport film about cycling.
 Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might also known by its Japanese title Dragon Ball Z: The Decisive Battle for the Entire Earth (ドラゴンボールZ 地球まるごと超決戦 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Chikyū Marugoto Chōkessen) or Toei's own English title Super Battle in the World is the third Dragon Ball Z feature film.
 The Underneath is a 1995 American film directed by Steven Soderbergh starring Peter Gallagher and Alison Elliott. The film is based on the novel Criss Cross by Don Tracy and is a remake of the original 1949 film adaptation. The plot revolves around many themes common to film noir including romantic intrigue a botched robbery and a surprise ending.
 Lullaby is a documentary film by Adi Arbel that interviews both Palestinian and Israeli mothers whose children have been killed as a result of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
 Enoch Arden is a two-part 1911 short silent drama film based on the Tennyson poem of the same name. It was directed by D. W. Griffith starred Wilfred Lucas and featured Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Rosenstraße is a 2003 film directed by Margarethe von Trotta starring Maria Schrader and Katja Riemann. It deals with the Rosenstrasse protest of 1943.
 Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie is a 2012 documentary film that chronicles the history of The Morton Downey Jr. Show and Downey's influence on trash TV. The film also looks at Downey's relationship with Al Sharpton and other important 1980s figures as well as Downey's role as a predecessor for conservative commentators like Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh.
 Looney Tunes Mouse Chronicles: The Chuck Jones Collection is a DVD and Blu-ray set featuring cartoons focusing on Hubie and Bertie and Sniffles and featuring various other mouse characters in Merrie Melodies and Looney Tunes shorts. It was released on August 28 2012.
 Or see Ghost Ship (disambiguation) and List of ghost ships.Ghostboat is a 2006 British television film based on a novel by George E. Simpson and Neal R. Burger starring David Jason – a fantasy tale of His Majesty's Submarine Scorpion reappearing 38 years after it vanished. The crew has disappeared but the vessel is otherwise unchanged and has not aged in the intervening years.
 Zakhmo Ka Hisaab is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Talukdars. It stars Govinda and Farha Naaz in pivotal roles.
 Tess of the Storm Country (1932) is an English-language remake of the 1922 silent film of the same name. The movie is an energetic film with Janet Gaynor Charles Farrell and Dudley Digges. The film was directed by Alfred Santell and released by Fox Film Corporation. Gaynor and Farrell made almost a dozen films together including Frank Borzage's classics Seventh Heaven (1927) Street Angel (1928) and Lucky Star (1929).
 Life at the Top is a 1965 drama film a production of Romulus Films released by Columbia Pictures. The screenplay was by Mordecai Richler based on the novel Life at the Top by John Braine and is a sequel to the film Room at the Top (1959). It was directed by Ted Kotcheff and produced by James Woolf with William Kirby as associate producer. The music score was by Richard Addinsell and the cinematography by Oswald Morris.
 Scrooge McDuck and Money is a short animated cartoon made by Walt Disney Studios in 1967.
 The Younger Generation is a 1929 drama film directed by Frank Capra. It was produced by Jack Cohn for Columbia Pictures. This was Capra's first sound film. It was actually a silent movie with various dialogue sequences added into it. The screenplay was adapted from a Fannie Hurst play entitled It Is to Laugh.
 The Ballad of Narayama (楢山節考 Narayama Bushikō) is a 1958 Japanese period drama directed by Keisuke Kinoshita. The feature film explores the practice of ubasute based on the book Men of Tohoku by Shichirō Fukazawa.
 For the Singaporean television channel please see:MediaCorp VasanthamVasantam (Telugu: వసంతం vasaṃtaṃ ?) is a Tollywood film directed by Vikraman and released on July 11 2003. It stars Venkatesh Arti Agarwal and Kalyani. The film opened simultaneously alongside the Tamil version of the film Priyamaana Thozhi.
 El Gordo Villanueva is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Funeral in Berlin is a 1966 British spy film based on the novel Funeral in Berlin by Len Deighton. It is the second of three 1960s films starring Michael Caine that followed the characters from the initial film The Ipcress File (1965). The third film made in 1967 was Billion Dollar Brain.Caine would reprise the role of Harry Palmer three decades later for Bullet to Beijing and Midnight in Saint Petersburg.
 Not to be confused with Wild River.The River Wild is a 1994 adventure crime-thriller film directed by Curtis Hanson and starring Meryl Streep Kevin Bacon Benjamin Bratt David Strathairn John C. Reilly and Joseph Mazzello. The film involves a family on a whitewater rafting trip who encounter two violent criminals in the wilderness.
 Hangup also called Hang Up and later released under the name Super Dude is a 1974 film directed by Henry Hathaway. It stars William Elliott and Marki Bey. This was the last film directed by Hathaway.The film falls in the blaxploitation subgenre of vigilante group cleans up ghetto streets. The film follows a black policeman seeking revenge on the man who got his girlfriend addicted to heroin.
 I clowns (also known as The Clowns) is a 1970 television film by Federico Fellini about the human fascination with clowns and circuses. It was made for TV the Italian station RAI with an agreement that it would be released simultaneously on TV and as a cinema feature; RAI and co-producer Leone Film compromised on its release with RAI broadcasting it on Christmas Day 1970 and Leone Film releasing it theatrically in Italy the following day December 26 1970.
 The New Man is a 2007 Swedish drama film directed by Klaus Härö.
 Dharma Yuddam is a 1979 Tamil film directed by R. C. Sakthi a close associate of Kamal Hassan. It stars Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the lead.
 Jongno (종로) is a 1933 Korean film starring Na Woon-gyu. It premiered at DanSungSa theater in downtown Seoul.
 JFK is a 1991 American political thriller film directed by Oliver Stone. It examines the events leading to the assassination of President John F.
 The Fighting American is a surviving 1924 silent film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by Tom Forman. The young Mary Astor not yet under contract to any particular studio plays a young college coed who is the object of desire in the eyes of the hero.
 Teorema is a 1968 Italian mystery film written and directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini and starring Terence Stamp Laura Betti Silvana Mangano Massimo Girotti and Anne Wiazemsky. It was the first time Pasolini worked primarily with professional actors. In this film an upper-class Milanese family is introduced to and then abandoned by a divine force. Two prevalent motifs are the desert and the timelessness of divinity.
 Swarnachamaram is an unreleased 1996 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Rajeevnath starring Mohanlal and Sivaji Ganesan in lead roles.
 Tiger Bay is a 1934 British film starring the Chinese-American actor Anna May Wong and directed by J. Elder Wills.The film is about a young Englishman abroad Michael who deliberately visits a tough Chinese district of Tiger Bay to test his strength. He falls in love and battles a protection racket.
 Alluda Majaka is a 1995 Tollywood action-comedy film produced by Devi Vara Prasad under the Devi Films banner. The film starred Chiranjeevi Ramya Krishna and Rambha in the lead roles with Kota Srinivasa Rao Lakshmi and Ooha essaying supporting roles. The movie was directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and the story and screenplay was by Posani Krishna Murali.
 Evening Bell is a 1988 Chinese war film directed by Wu Ziniu. The film stars Tao Zeru Chong Peipei and others and was produced in part by the August First Film Studio a production company associated with the People's Liberation Army. It was one of three war films Wu directed in 1988 the other two being Joyous Heroes and its sequel Between Life and Death.
 Prem Bandhan (Hindi: प्रेम बंधन; translation: bond of love) is a 1979 is an Indian Hindi film directed by Ramanand Sagar. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Rekha Moushumi Chatterjee as the lead actors and is supported by A. K. Hangal Prema Narayan Bhagwan Keshto Mukherjee and Lalita Pawar. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 The Navy Lark is a 1959 British comedy film based on the The Navy Lark radio series broadcast on the BBC Light Programme. It featured Cecil Parker Ronald Shiner and Leslie Phillips Gordon Jackson and Hattie Jacques. It was filmed mainly at West Bay Bridport Dorset. Only Phillips had appeared from the radio version - all other parts were recast. The film was produced at Walton-on-Thames.
 Raanjhanaa (English: Beloved One) is a 2013 Indian romantic drama film directed by Anand L. Rai and written by Himanshu Sharma. The film is produced by Krishika Lulla under the banner Eros International. It stars Dhanush in his Bollywood debut Sonam Kapoor and Abhay Deol in lead roles. The film was released on 21 June 2013 worldwide while the dubbed Tamil version titled Ambikapathy was released a week later.
 Nickel Queen was an Australian comedy film released in 1971 starring Googie Withers and directed by her husband John McCallum. The story was loosely based on the Poseidon bubble a nickel boom in Western Australia in the late 1960s and tells of an outback pub owner who stakes a claim and finds herself an overnight millionaire.
 Madrasi is a Tamil language film starring Arjunin the lead role of the protagonist. Originally Jyothika was slated for a role but Vedhika eventually took it.
 Grand National Night is a 1953 British thriller brought to the screen by George Minter under the production of Phil C. Samuel from a play by Campbell and Dorothy Christie. It was directed by Bob McNaught and starred Nigel Patrick Moira Lister and Beatrice Campbell (Patricks' wife) with support from Michael Hordern Noel Purcell and a cameo role from Colin Gordon. Cinematography was by Jack Asher.
 Maza Pati Karodpati is a Marathi movie released on 20 January 1988. Produced by Chelaram Bhatia along with Lalchand Bhatia and directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar. The movie is based on a young girl who values money more than love and how her own wrongdoings can reprimand her.
 My Trip Back to the Dark Side is an upcoming drama film directed by Shane Stanley. It is the sequel to My Trip to the Dark Side. It stars Jason Pace Sean Kanan Betsy Russell Courtney Gains Sean Young Alisa Reyes Marlon Young and Ron Masak.
 The Story of the Weeping Camel (Mongolian: Ингэн нулимс Ingen nulims Tears of the Camel) is a 2003 German docudrama distributed by ThinkFilm. It was released internationally in 2004. The movie was directed and written by Byambasuren Davaa and Luigi Falorni. The plot is about a family of nomadic shepherds in the Gobi Desert trying to save the life of a rare white bactrian camel (Camelus bactrianus) calf after it was rejected by its mother.
 Tokarefu (トカレフ) is a 1994 Japanese film directed by Junji Sakamoto.
 Ramona and Beezus is a 2010 Fox-Walden adventure film adaptation of the Ramona series of novels by Beverly Cleary. The film's title derives from Beezus and Ramona the first of Cleary's Ramona books though the plot is mostly based on the sequels particularly Ramona Forever and Ramona's World along with some elements from Ramona Quimby Age 8 and Ramona the Brave.
 Our Daily Bread is a 1934 film directed by King Vidor and starring Karen Morley Tom Keene and John Qualen. The movie is a sequel to Vidor's silent classic The Crowd (1928) using the same characters although with different actors. Vidor tried to interest Irving Thalberg of MGM in the project but Thalberg who had greenlighted the earlier film rejected the idea.
 John Q is a 2002 American drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes. The film follows John Quincy Archibald (Denzel Washington) a father and husband whose son is diagnosed with an enlarged heart and then finds out he cannot receive a transplant because HMO insurance will not cover it; therefore he decides to take a hospital full of patients hostage until the hospital puts his son's name on the recipient's list.
 Ju-Rei: The Uncanny is a 2004 J-Horror film directed by Kôji Shiraishi.
 Last Embrace is a 1979 thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme. Based on the novel The 13th Man by Murray Teigh Bloom it stars Roy Scheider Janet Margolin and Christopher Walken.
 Crimen entre bastidores is a 1948 Argentine film.
 The Yellow Cameo is a 1928 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Le grand soir is a 1976 Swiss film directed by Francis Reusser. It won the Golden Leopard at the 1976 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Victims is an American 1982 TV movie starring Kate Nelligan.
 The Clearing is a 2004 American drama film and the directorial debut of Pieter Jan Brugge who has worked as a film producer. The film is loosely based on the real-life kidnapping of Gerrit Jan Heijn that took place in the Netherlands in 1987. The screenplay was written by Justin Haythe.
 Un monde nouveau is a 1966 French-Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica. Most notably it featured Sean Connery as himself. Harry Saltzman produced the film.
 Body Scent (Serbo-Croatian: 'Zadah tela') is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović.It won four awards at the 1983 Pula Film Festival including for Best Film Best Screenplay (Živojin Pavlović and Slobodan Golubović Leman) Best Actress (Ljiljana Medješi) and Best Supporting Actor (Zijah Sokolović).
 Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American fantasy comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis. The film combines live action and animation. The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman is based on Gary K.
 Love 86 is a 1986 Bollywood film directed by Esmayeel Shroff and starring Tanuja Govinda Rohan Kapoor Farha Naaz and Neelam.
 Mahakshatriya (Kannada: ಮಹಾಕ್ಷತ್ರಿಯ The soldier) is a 1994 Kannada movie starring Vishnuvardhan Sonu Walia Ramkumar Sudha Rani Shankar Ashwath B. C. Patil. It was directed by Rajendra Singh Babu and produced by Lahari. Mahakshatriya got censored on 27 May 1994 and got a U certificate.
 Traveling Salesman is a 1921 American comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. It is based on a 1908 play The Traveling Salesman by James Grant Forbes. A 1916 film of the play starred Frank McIntyre who had also starred in the play. The survival status both films is classified as unknown which suggests that they are lost films.
 The Good Guys and the Bad Guys is a 1969 film directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars Robert Mitchum and George Kennedy.
 Never Take No for an Answer is a 1952 British film about an Italian orphan boy who goes to visit the Pope.
 The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne is a 1987 drama film made by HandMade Films Ltd. and United British Artists (UBA) starring Maggie Smith and Bob Hoskins. It was directed by Jack Clayton (his final theatrical film) and produced by Richard Johnson and Peter Nelson with George Harrison and Denis O'Brien as executive producers.The screenplay was by Peter Nelson from the novel Judith Hearne by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore.
 The Prey was a film made in 1978[citation needed] — but not released until 1984 — by the duo of Edwin and Summer Brown and starring Steve Bond Lori Lethin and Jackie Coogan.It was Jackie Coogan's final film.
 Doraemon: Nobita's South Sea Adventure (のび太の南海大冒険 Doraemon: Nobita no Nankai Dai Bōken) is a science fiction adventure film which premiered on March 7 1998. It was also broadcast in India on Disney Channel India on 5 June 2011 and on 27 December 2012 on Hungama TV as Doraemon in Nobita's Great Adventure in the South Seas.
 Nothing but the Truth is a 2008 film. The movie is adapted from a widely popular one-man show performed by actor and director John Kani.
 Delusions of Grandeur (French: La folie des grandeurs) is a 1971 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury.
 This article is about the 1958 film. For the Australian television series see Young Lions (TV series)The Young Lions is a 1958 war drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk based upon the 1948 novel of the same name by Irwin Shaw and starring Marlon Brando Montgomery Clift and Dean Martin.
 A Man Called Horse is a 1970 American Western film starring Richard Harris and directed by Elliot Silverstein.
 Phaniyamma (Kannada: ಫಣಿಯಮ್ಮ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada award-winning drama film directed and produced by Prema Karanth. The story is based on acclaimed novelist M. K. Indira's 1977 Sahitya Academy Award winning novel of the same name. The film highlighted the plight of a widow and her struggle for survival.The film's cast comprised mainly from theater background including L. V. Sharadha Prathibha Kasaravalli Archana Rao Vishwanath Rao Kasaragod Chinna to name a few.
 Vaa Deal is an upcoming Tamil film directed and written by Shiva Gnanam. It features Arun Vijay and Karthika Nair in the lead roles. The film has music by Thaman.
 The Iron Stair (1933) is a British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Kendall Dorothy Boyd and Michael Hogan. The film was a quota quickie produced by Twickenham Studios.
 Shimmering Light is a 1977 Australian TV movie about an American surfer who travels to Australia in search of the perfect wave.
 Peter the Great is a 1986 NBC television mini-series starring Maximilian Schell as Russian emperor Peter the Great and based on the biography by Robert K. Massie. It won three Primetime Emmy Awards including the award for Outstanding Miniseries.
 Murder in the Music Hall is a 1946 American musical mystery film starring Vera Ralston William Marshall Helen Walker and Nancy Kelly (Kelly's last theatrical film for ten years). The movie involves a murder in Radio City Music Hall with The Rockettes as suspects and was directed by John English.
 Talihina Sky is a 2011 documentary film which follows the Kings of Leon throughout their journey from obscurity to fame to the future. The film was named after the hidden track on their Youth and Young Manhood album.
 Lilla Jönssonligan (English: The Little Jönssonleague) is a Swedish film series that consists of four movies. The film series is a spin-off of the original Jönssonligan film series. The main difference about the two series is that the main characters are portrayed as kids instead of adults in this one hence the word little in the title.
 Alle tiders kupp is a 1964 Norwegian comedy film directed by Øyvind Vennerød starring Rolf Just Nilsen Arne Bang-Hansen Henki Kolstad and Inger Marie Andersen. Three men rob an outlet of the government owned alcoholic beverage retailer Vinmonopolet. They then run into problems getting rid of the 50000 bottles of liquor they have stolen.
 Luchino Visconti is a 1999 Italian documentary film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Fronteras de la ley is a 1941 Argentine film.
 Wigstock: The Movie is a 1995 documentary film focusing on Wigstock the annual drag music festival that had been held New York City's East Village through the 1980s and 1990s. The film presents a number of performances from the 1994 festival including Crystal Waters Deee-Lite Jackie Beat Debbie Harry Leigh Bowery Joey Arias and the Dueling Bankheads.
 Golchehreh is a 2011 Iranian drama film directed by Vahid Mousaian.
 Caregiver is a 2008 Filipino drama film. The film stars Sharon Cuneta portraying the role of Sarah a mother who left her son in the Philippines and also a teacher who relinquished her profession in lieu of care giving in London in hopes of augmenting her salary. Chito S. Roño directed the film and Chris Martinez wrote its screenplay.It is one of the top-grossing Filipino films of the year. The film also receives mostly positive reviews from critics.
 Born in the USSR: 21 Up is a 2005 British documentary directed by Sergei Miroshnichenko.Following in the tradition of the original UK Up Series this documentary revisits a group of Russian children at seven-year intervals to track their development against a backdrop of social and political change. Following the success of the UK original this film looks at life for a group of young people from the former Soviet Union.
 Chemical Wedding (released in the U.S. as Crowley) is a British supernatural horror/science fiction film produced by Bill&Ben Productions in conjunction with the London-based Focus Films. It is directed by Julian Doyle. The story is based on an original screenplay by Bruce Dickinson frontman of heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Dickinson released a solo album entitled The Chemical Wedding in 1998 which despite sharing the title and title track from the film's soundtrack is otherwise unrelated.
 Vente a Alemania Pepe (Come to Germany Pepe) is a Spanish film which was directed by Pedro Lazaga. The premiere was in 1971.
 The Girl Is in Trouble is a 2012 thriller film directed by Julius Onah. It stars Columbus Short Mike Starr Wilmer Valderrama and Jesse Spencer. The original motion picture soundtrack has the song for the film titled Solitude. The film premiered at the New York International Latino Film Festival on August 18 2012. The film's release date has not been confirmed but it is predicted that it will be released by the end of 2013.
 Woodchipper Massacre is a 1988 American horror comedy Z movie directed by Jon McBride who also directed Cannibal Campout. The film was also written by McBride.
 Woman is a silent film by director Maurice Tourneur an allegorical film showcasing the story of women through points in time. Popular in its day the film was distributed in the State's Rights plan as opposed to a major distributor like Paramount or Universal. This film has been preserved in private collections and in major venues like the Museum of Modern Art and reportedly the Gosfilmofond Archive in Russia.Some scenes were shot at Bar Harbor Maine.
 The Dirk Diggler Story is a 1988 mockumentary short film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. It follows the rise and fall of Dirk Diggler a well-endowed male porn star. The character was modeled on American porn actor John Holmes. The film was later expanded into Anderson's successful 1997 breakout film Boogie Nights.
 Rajput is a Hindi film released in 1982. This is a multi-starrer movie directed by Vijay Anand.
 Brother's Keeper is a 2014 Nigerian thriller drama film directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka and starring Majid Michel Omoni OboliBeverly Naya and Barbara Soki.
 A Respectable Life (Swedish: Ett anständigt liv) is a 1979 Swedish documentary film directed by Stefan Jarl. The film is the second of the Mods Trilogy by Jarl. At the 15th Guldbagge Awards the film won the awards for Best Film and Best Director. It was also selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Batteries Not Included (styled *batteries not included) is a 1987 family-science fiction film directed by Matthew Robbins about small extraterrestrial living machines that save an apartment block under threat from property development. The story was originally intended to be featured in the TV series Amazing Stories but Steven Spielberg liked the idea so much that he decided to make it a theatrical release.
 Scarlet Days is a 1919 silent film western produced and directed by D. W. Griffith and released through Paramount/Artcraft Pictures Artcraft being an affiliate of Paramount. This film survives at the Museum of Modern Art but is considered by some to be one of Griffith's worst films.Richard Barthelmess stars in a role Griffith had tested Rudolph Valentino for.
 The Maltese Bippy is a 1969 film directed by Norman Panama and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It stars Dan Rowan and Dick Martin.
 The Rundown (also known as Welcome to the Jungle) is a 2003 American action comedy film starring The Rock and Seann William Scott about a bounty hunter who must head for Brazil to retrieve his employer's renegade son. It was directed by Peter Berg. The film received positive reviews but failed at the box office.
 A Golden Rainbow was a 1915 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts and starring Perry Banks Louise Lester Harry von Meter and Jack Richardson.
 Forget Me Not is a 2010 British romantic drama film directed by Alexander Holt and Lance Roehrig and starring Tobias Menzies and Genevieve O'Reilly. It was first shown at the Rhode Island International Film Festival in August 2010 and was released in the US on 4 March 2011 and in the UK on 6 May 2011.
 Agni Putrudu is a 1987 Telugu film drama directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.
 Peppermint Frappé is a 1967 Spanish psychological thriller directed by Carlos Saura starring Geraldine Chaplin and José Luis López Vázquez. The story centers on a man who becomes obsessed with the wife of an old friend believing her to be a mysterious drummer that he once fell in love with at a festival. He pursues her only to be rebuffed multiple times.
 The Great Bear (Danish: Den kæmpestore bjørn) is a 2011 Danish animated film directed by Esben Toft Jacobsen.
 Constellation is a film that was released by Codeblack Entertainment and 20th Century Fox in 2007. It had its French premiere in Cannes and in Britain premiered as a special screening at the American Embassy in London.
 Cuando los hombres hablan de mujeres is a 1967 Argentine film.
 Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend is a 1957 Western film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Randolph Scott James Garner and Angie Dickinson. This was the final film that Scott made with Warner Bros.
 Nila Kaalam (Tamil) (2001) is a straight-to-TV Tamil film directed by Gandhi Krishna. The film was also released at film festivals and child artiste Udayaraj went on to win National Film Award for Best Child Artist.
 The Sino-Japanese War at Sea is a 2012 Chinese war film directed and written by Feng Xiaoning starring Lu Yi Xia Yu Yang Lixin Sun Haiying and Lü Liping. It based on the First Sino-Japanese War. The film premiered in Weihai International Convention Center on 26 June 2012.
 Gisaku is a Spanish animated feature film directed by Baltasar Pedrosa Clavero. It was first released in Japan on March 4 2005 and in Spain on March 17 2005. The film has three official soundtracks: Japanese Spanish and English. It is the first anime-style film made in Spain and Europe.
 Kids Return (キッズ・リターン Kizzu Ritān) is a 1996 Japanese film written edited and directed by Takeshi Kitano. The film was made directly after Kitano recovered from a motorcycle wreck that left one side of his body paralyzed. After extensive surgery and physical therapy he quickly went about making Kids Return amidst speculation that he might never be able to work again. The music was composed by Joe Hisaishi and the cinematographer was Katsumi Yanagishima.
 Wolfman is a 1979 horror film written and directed by Worth Keeter.
 Never Say Goodbye is a 1946 romantic comedy film about a divorcing couple and the daughter who works to bring them back together.
 Trixie is a 2000 American mystery-crime film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Emily Watson Nick Nolte Will Patton and Brittany Murphy.
 Requiem for a Heavyweight was a teleplay written by Rod Serling and produced for the live television show Playhouse 90 on 11 October 1956. Six years later it was adapted as a 1962 feature film starring Anthony Quinn Jackie Gleason and Mickey Rooney.The teleplay won a Peabody Award the first given to an individual script and helped establish Serling's reputation.
 Slave Ship is a 1937 film directed by Tay Garnett and starring Warner Baxter and Wallace Beery. The supporting cast features Mickey Rooney George Sanders Jane Darwell and Joseph Schildkraut. This is one of only four films out of the forty-eight that Beery made during the sound era for which he didn't receive top billing.
 For Which We Stand (One Queer Music Nation In The Visible) is an upcoming documentary film in mid-production scheduled for a 2015 release.The film presented by OUTMusic highlights LGBTQ and straight artists through numerous interviews with musicians and music-industry insiders as well as live performances and behind-the-scenes footage.Among the participants announced so far include luminaries such as Michael Musto Dolly Parton Melissa Etheridge Frenchie Davis Diana King Chely Wright and transgender violinist and vocalist Tona Brown.The film is being directed by Sean Robinson produced by Paul Warner and executive produced by Diedra Meredith Chairwoman/CEO of the LGBT Academy of Recording Arts (LARA).
 Desperate Teenage Lovedolls is a 1984 low budget underground film shot on super-8 film by David Markey about a rock band of teenage runaways (loosely based on the story of The Runaways the 1970s band that launched the careers of Joan Jett Lita Ford and Cherie Currie) and their misadventures. The film was released on DVD in 2003. A sequel Lovedolls Superstar was released in 1986.
 Blessed is a 2004 British/Romanian horror film directed by Simon Fellows starring Heather Graham and James Purefoy.
 Montreal Stories (French: Montréal vu par...) also titled as Montreal Sextet in some releases is a Canadian drama film released in 1991 as an homage to the city of Montreal on the occasion of its 350th anniversary. Written and directed by Denys Arcand Michel Brault Atom Egoyan Jacques Leduc Léa Pool and Patricia Rozema the film is an anthology of six short films one by each of the credited directors.
 Babette's Feast (Danish: Babettes gæstebud) is a 1987 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel. The film's screenplay was written by Axel based on the story by Isak Dinesen (Karen Blixen). Produced by Just Betzer Bo Christensen and Benni Korzen with funding from the Danish Film Institute Babette's Feast was the first Danish cinema film of a Blixen story.
 The Rawhide Years is a 1956 Western Directed by Rudolph Mate and starring Tony Curtis and Colleen Miller.
 Cœur fidèle is a 1923 French drama film directed by Jean Epstein. It has the alternative English title Faithful Heart. The film tells a melodramatic story of thwarted romance set against a background of the Marseille docks and experiments with many techniques of camerawork and editing.
 Montana Sky is a 2007 American television film directed by Mike Robe and starring Ashley Williams John Corbett and Charlotte Ross. Based on the Nora Roberts novel of the same name the film is about a wealthy stock dealer who bequeaths his Montana farm to his three daughters provided they live on the ranch together for at least one year. Montana Sky is part of the Nora Roberts 2007 movie collection which also includes Angels Fall Blue Smoke and Carolina Moon.
 Fire on the Mountain is a 1981 made-for-television movie adaptation of the Edward Abbey novel Fire on the Mountain directed by Donald Wrye and starring Buddy Ebsen as John Vogelin Ron Howard as Lee Mackie and Michael Conrad as Col. Desalius.The hero of the movie is Vogelin a New Mexico rancher whose land adjoins the White Sands Missile Range and is about to be condemned by the United States Air Force to use his land to expand a bombing range.
 For the 1953 film see Sea DevilsSea Devils is a 1937 American film directed by Benjamin Stoloff. Among the American preparedness films of the mid-1930s devoted to enhancing the image of the Army (Flirtation Walk) the Navy (Here Comes the Navy) and the Marines (The Singing Marine Devil Dogs of the Air) this entry focuses equivalent approving attention on the work of the U.S. Coast Guard.
 Post Tenebras Lux is a 2012 drama film written and directed by Carlos Reygadas. The title is Latin for Light after darkness. The film is semi-autobiographical and the narrative follows a rural couple in Mexico with additional scenes from England Spain and Belgium; all places where Reygadas has lived. The film competed in competition at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and Reygadas won the Best Director Award.
 Time is a 2007 Malayalam film directed by Shaji Kailas. The movie features Suresh Gopi in a double role together with Vimala Raman Padmapriya Janakiraman in the lead roles. The music and background score were composed by Rahulraj. The film didn't do well at the box office. The film wasdubbed into Telugu as Police ante Veedera(He is the real Police).
 Captain Fracassa's Journey (Italian: Il viaggio di Capitan Fracassa) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Ettore Scola. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Welcome Home is a 2004 Austrian comedy film directed by Andreas Gruber. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Italian Job is a 1969 British caper film written by Troy Kennedy Martin produced by Michael Deeley and directed by Peter Collinson.
 Tokyo Chorus (東京の合唱 Tokyo no kôrasu) is a 1931 silent film produced by Shochiku Company directed by Yasujirō Ozu and starring Tokihiko Okada and Emiko Yagumo. It was based on various stories in the Shoshimin-gai (Middle Class Avenue) series and also shares influences with King Vidor's The Crowd. Most of the film takes place in Tokyo during a depression-like time in the beginning of the Shōwa period.
 Doraemon : Nobita and the Kingdom of Clouds (のび太と雲の王国 Nobita to Kumo no ôkoku) is a feature-length Doraemon film which premiered on March 7 1992. This movie was released on Disney Channel India on 25th January 2014 and on 10th March 2014 on Hungama TV as Doraemon The Movie Nobita In Jannat No. 1.
 Sandwich is a 2006 Bollywood comedy film starring Govinda Raveena Tandon and Mahima Chaudhary. The film is directed by Anees Bazmee who is famously known for directing blockbuster comedy films like No Entry (2005) Welcome (2007) and Ready (2011). This film was completed in 2003 but was delayed for three years and finally released in 2006.
 Vedo nudo (internationally released as I See Naked) is a 1969 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Dino Risi. All the episodies have sex as main theme and are all starred by Nino Manfredi that plays seven different characters. The film rapresents the last collaboration between Manfredi and Risi after Operazione San Gennaro and Straziami ma di baci saziami.
 War is a 2007 American action film directed by Philip G. Atwell his directorial debut and also fight choreography by Corey Yuen. The film stars Jet Li and Jason Statham. The film was released in the United States on August 24 2007. War features a collaboration between Jet Li and Jason Statham reuniting them for the first time since 2001's The One.
 Swara Mandal or Dance of the Wind is an 1997 Hindi film written and directed by Rajan Khosa it was the feature film debut of the director. It starred Kitu Gidwani and Bhaveen Gosain in lead roles. The film was a co-production between five countries including UK Germany and India.
 Artemisia is a 1997 French/Italian/German biographical film about Artemisia Gentileschi the female Italian Baroque painter. The film was directed by Agnès Merlet and stars Valentina Cervi and Michel Serrault.
 The Flute Concert of Sans-Souci (German: Das Flötenkonzert von Sans-souci) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Otto Gebühr. It was part of the popular cycle of Prussian films.
 One Eight Seven (also known and abbreviated as 187) is a 1997 drama/crime/thriller film directed by Kevin Reynolds. It was the first top-billed starring role for Samuel L. Jackson who plays a Los Angeles teacher caught with gang trouble in an urban high school. The film's name comes from the California Penal Code Section 187.
 Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin is a 1937 American black-and-white short Western film directed by Sam Newfield for Supreme Pictures. It stars Bob Steele Louis Stanley and Karl Hackett.
 Blood on Wolf Mountain also known as The Wolf Hill Bloodbath in Langshan and Bloodshed on Wolf Mountain is a Chinese film directed by acclaimed Shanghainese film director Fei Mu. Made just prior to the commencement of full-scale war with Imperial Japan the film itself is often considered an allegory of conflict between China and Japan that had been going on intermittently since the Invasion of Manchuria in 1931.
 The Black Gestapo is a 1975 nazi-blaxploitation film about a vigilante named General Ahmed who starts an inner-city People's Army to protect the black citizens of Watts. However when the Army succeeds in chasing the mob out of town Ahmed's had been replaced by his colleague Colonel Kojah reforms the movement into a fascist criminal organization in order to have complete control over the town.It was written and directed by Lee Frost and stars Rod Perry Charles Robinson and Edward Cross.
 Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable) (Whoever is Responsible) is a 1970 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.
 Cheese Mites or Lilliputians in a London Restaurant is a 1901 British short silent comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring a gentleman being entertained by the little people who emerge from the cheese at his table. The film contains a reference to Jonathan Swift's satirical novel Gulliver's Travels (1726) and is according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline sophisticated in that he combined the jump-cut with superimposition.
 Boy Called Twist is a 2004 film that tells the story of a Cape Town street kid based on Dickens’ classic Oliver Twist. It was the first film directed by Timothy Greene. Fundraising for the film involved small donations from a thousand investors leading to the longest Associate Producers listing in the history of cinema.
 Kali Raat is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Shiriram Bohra. The film stars Vinod Mehra and Lalita Pawar.
 Beginning of the End is a 1957 American science fiction film directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Peter Graves and Peggie Castle. The film is about an agricultural scientist (Graves) who has successfully grown gigantic vegetables using radiation. Unfortunately the vegetables are then eaten by locusts (the swarming phase of short-horned grasshoppers) which grow to gigantic size and attack the nearby city of Chicago.
 The Age of Innocence is a 1993 American film adaptation of Edith Wharton's 1920 novel of the same name.
 The Fountain is a 2006 American romantic drama film that blends elements of fantasy history religion and science fiction. It is directed by Darren Aronofsky and stars Hugh Jackman and Rachel Weisz. The film consists of three story lines in which Jackman and Weisz play different sets of characters who may or may not be the same two people: a modern-day scientist and his cancer-stricken wife a conquistador and his queen and a space traveler in the future who hallucinates his lost love.
 Red Doors is a 2005 American film directed by Georgia Lee. The independent film features a Chinese American family.
 Sadako 3D 2 (貞子3D2) is a 2013 Japanese horror film directed by Tsutomu Hanabusa and the second installment of the Sadako 3D series.
 Raising Victor Vargas is a 2002 film directed by Peter Sollett written by Sollett and Eva Vives. The film follows Victor a Lower East Side teenager as he deals with his eccentric family including his strict grandmother his bratty sister and a younger brother who completely idolizes him. Along the way he tries to win the affections of Judy who is very careful and calculating when it comes to how she deals with men.
 The Insect Woman (충녀 - Chungnyeo) is a 1972 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Pudhiya Mannargal is a 1994 Tamil film directed by Vikraman and music by A. R. Rahman. The film features Vikram and Mohini in the lead roles.It was a super hit among the audiences and the main highlight was the message delivered in the movie. The movie's score and soundtrack are composed by A.R. Rahman. The film did mark Vikram as an actor to look out for but he tasted mega success only in Sethu that released a few years later.
 Meet Bill (formerly known as Bill) is a 2007 comedy film written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallack and starring Aaron Eckhart as the titular character with supporting performances by Logan Lerman Jessica Alba Elizabeth Banks and Timothy Olyphant.
 The Vampire Lovers is a 1970 English gothic horror film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Peter Cushing Ingrid Pitt Madeline Smith Kate O'Mara and Jon Finch. It was produced by Hammer Film Productions. It is based on the J. Sheridan Le Fanu novella Carmilla and is part of the so-called Karnstein Trilogy of films the other films being Lust for a Vampire (1971) and Twins of Evil (1972). The three films were somewhat daring for the time in explicitly depicting lesbian vampire themes.
 The Soilers is a 1923 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel. It was released in the same year as the Western silent movie drama The Spoilers and the name of one character from the original McNamera may have a parody in the name of the Finlayson character.
 Ram Shastra is an Indian Bollywood action film directed by Sanjay Gupta. The cast of the movie includes Jackie Shroff Manisha Koirala and Deepti Bhatnagar.
 Life's a Breeze is a 2013 Irish comedy film directed and written by Lance Daly. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 That Night in Rio is a 1941 Technicolor American musical comedy film directed by Irving Cummings and starring Alice Faye Carmen Miranda and Don Ameche (in a dual role as an American entertainer and an aristocratic businessman he is asked to impersonate temporarily). It is one of several film adaptations of a play called The Red Cat by Rudolf Lothar and Hans Adler.
 Hello Sweetheart is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Claude Hulbert Gregory Ratoff and Jane Carr. It is based on the play The Butter and Egg Man by George S. Kaufman. Its plot concerns a poultry farmer who is persuaded to invest in a film company.
 Demons 2 (Italian: Dèmoni 2) is a 1986 Italian horror film directed by Lamberto Bava and co-written and produced by Dario Argento. It is a sequel to Bava's 1985 film Demons and stars David Edwin Knight Nancy Brilli Coralina Cataldi-Tassoni as well as Argento's youngest daughter Asia Argento in her debut film performance at age 10. The film was also known as Demons 2: The Nightmare Returns.
 Bon Voyage (1944) is a short French language propaganda film made by Alfred Hitchcock for the British Ministry of Information. Although the film is short (26 minutes) and generally only of interest to Hitchcock completists it is interesting for its use of two radically different interpretations of the same events a technique not unlike that used by Akira Kurosawa in Rashomon (1950) and Fernando Meirelles in Cidade de Deus (2002).
 My Night at Maud's (French: Ma nuit chez Maud) is a 1969 French drama film by Éric Rohmer. It is the third film (fourth in order of release) in his series of Six Moral Tales.
 A Thousand Words is a 2012 comedy-drama film starring Eddie Murphy and directed by Brian Robbins. It was released in theaters on March 9 2012 four years after it was filmed in 2008.
 The Villain is a 1979 American film. A parody blend of western films and Warner Bros.' Wile E. Coyote cartoon situations it was directed by Hal Needham and starred Kirk Douglas Arnold Schwarzenegger Ann-Margret Paul Lynde Foster Brooks Strother Martin Ruth Buzzi Jack Elam and Mel Tillis.Its title when released in the UK and in Australia was Cactus Jack.
 Zombie in a Penguin Suit is a 2011 American short film directed by Chris Russell.
 Beyond Tomorrow (also known as And So Goodbye) is a 1940 American fantasy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and produced by noted cinematographer Lee Garmes as one of a handful of cinematographers who made the grade as film producers. The film starred a trio of veteran character actors Harry Carey C. Aubrey Smith and Charles Winninger. It also featured a rare appearance by Maria Ouspenskaya.
 Time Piece is a 1965 experimental short film directed written produced by and starring Jim Henson. The film depicts an ordinary man moving in constant motion in a desperate attempt to escape the passage of time. Time Piece is notable as one of the few live-action projects Jim Henson produced that did not involve any form of puppetry. The short film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film in 1966.
 Hurricane in Galveston is a 1913 American short drama film directed by King Vidor. It was Vidor's debut film as a director.
 Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero is a 1998 direct-to-video animated feature film the second based on Batman: The Animated Series serving as a stand-alone sequel to Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. It won the Annie Award for Best Home Video Animation and was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.The film was delayed for a while due to the negative critical reaction to Batman & Robin a live-action film that also featured Mr. Freeze as an antagonist.
 Little Odessa is an American crime film released in 1995 by James Gray in his directorial debut featuring Tim Roth Edward Furlong Moira Kelly and Vanessa Redgrave.The film earned a Silver Lion at the Venice Film Festival and the prestigious Grand Prix of the Belgian Film Critics Association. It also earned admiration from French master Claude Chabrol.
 Six Gun Savior (from a term first employed by the American scholar of the Bible religious history and film Lincoln Hurst)[1] is an American supernatural Western film currently in post-production. Directed by Kirk Murray; the film stars Eric Roberts Lucianna Carro Martin Kove Tim Russ Matthew Ziff Manu Intiraymi Kaleo Griffith Jason Matthew Smith Paul Borghese and Lorraine Ziff.
 The Bet Collector (Tagalog: Kubrador) is a 2006 Filipino drama film that centers on an aging bet collector finds her mundane existence suddenly transformed by an unforeseen series of events and jueteng the game of numbers dating back to the Philippines' Spanish colonial period from (1521 to 1898).
 State Property 2 is a 2005 American crime film directed by Damon Dash and produced and distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. A sequel to 2002's State Property the film stars rap artists and other musicians such as Cam'ron The Diplomats Beanie Sigel N.O.R.E. Kanye West Mariah Carey and others. Championship boxers Bernard Hopkins and Winky Wright appear in cameo roles. Dash directed the film and co-created its story with Adam Moreno who wrote the screenplay.
 Hotel Chelsea is a thriller of 2009. The production traveled to New York for filming on the classic Hotel Chelsea a place regularly visited by celebrities and gives name to the film.
 Divine Intervention (Arabic: يد إلهية‎) is a 2002 film by the Palestinian director Elia Suleiman which may be described as a surreal black comedy.
 Born to the West (reissue title Hell Town) is a 1937 American Western film starring John Wayne Marsha Hunt and John Mack Brown. Filmed in black and white and based upon a Zane Grey novel the movie incorporates footage from an earlier and higher budgeted silent version a common practice of the era. The picture features fast chases gun-fights unusual poker gambling and peppy light dialogue for the love interest.
 Persuasion is a 2007 British television film adaptation of Jane Austen's novel of the same name. It was directed by Adrian Shergold and the screenplay was written by Simon Burke. Sally Hawkins stars as the protagonist Anne Elliot while Rupert Penry-Jones plays Frederick Wentworth. Eight years prior to the film's beginning Anne was persuaded to reject Wentworth's proposal of marriage.
 Mon frangin du Sénégal English: My brother from Senegal is a French comedy film from 1954 directed by Guy Lacourt written by Norbert Carbonnaux starring Raymond Bussières and Louis de Funès.
 Fools of Fate is a 1909 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film survives at the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Codename: Robotech is an animated pilot that preceded the original 1985 Robotech television series. It is set within the events of the First Robotech War.
 New Pillow Fight also titled Daughters' Pillow Fight is the name of a very early short comedy film released in 1897. This scene shows four little girls indulging in a pillow fight. Eventually the feathers are flying all around.
 The Whole Ten Yards is a 2004 American crime comedy/thriller film directed by Howard Deutch and sequel to the 2000 film The Whole Nine Yards. It was based on characters created by Mitchell Kapner who was the writer of the first film. The film stars Bruce Willis Matthew Perry Amanda Peet Natasha Henstridge and Kevin Pollak. It was released on April 7 2004 in North America.
 Manthan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 John Hus is a 1977 American film biography of the 14th-century Czech church reformer Jan Hus directed by Michael Oconomou. The film was produced by Faith For Today Ministries the creators of a Christian TV program of the same name.The film featured Rod Colbin in the title role.
 Death Train also known as Detonator is a 1993 made-for-TV movie featuring Pierce Brosnan Patrick Stewart Christopher Lee Ted Levine and Alexandra Paul. The script was based on an Alistair MacNeill novel of the same name which in turn was based on an Alistair MacLean screenplay.
 Gespenster is a 2005 German film directed by Christian Petzold. Petzold also cowrote the screenplay with Harun Farocki. The film was presented at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival where it was officially entered into competition.
 Wives and Lovers is a 1963 film directed by John Rich. It stars Janet Leigh and Van Johnson. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1964 for costume design.
 Der Wixxer (English: The Trixxer may refer to German Wichser The Wanker) is a 2004 German parody of crime films based on works by Edgar Wallace especially the film Der Hexer. It was directed by Tobi Baumann and written by Oliver Kalkofe Oliver Welke and Bastian Pastewka. It is the first film in a trilogy.The film is about two policemen Inspector Very Long (Pastewka) and Chief Inspector Even Longer (Kalkofe) who must find the Wixxer a gangster who wants to take over London's crime world.
 Why We Fight is a series of seven documentary films commissioned by the United States government during World War II whose purpose was to show American soldiers the reason for U.S. involvement in the war. Later on they were also shown to the general U.S.
 Vicky Donor is a 2012 Bollywood comedy-drama film directed by Shoojit Sircar and produced by actor John Abraham. The film stars Ayushmann Khurrana Yami Gautam and Annu Kapoor in the lead roles.It released on 20 April 2012 in around 750 screens across India and received positive response worldwide. The film opened to critical acclaim and performed strongly at the box office and was declared a Super Hit by Box Office India.
 The Lifted Veil is a 1917 silent film produced by B. A. Rolfe and distributed by Metro Pictures. It is based on a novel The Lifted Veil (1917) by Basil King an author popular with women readers. Stage star Ethel Barrymore under contract to Metro appears in her eighth silent film which is now lost.
 Children of the Streets (Swedish: Gatans barn) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 Living Out Loud is a 1998 comedy-drama film written and directed by Richard LaGravenese and set in New York City starring Holly Hunter Danny DeVito Queen Latifah Martin Donovan and Claudia Shear.
 Bruce Lee: A Dragon Story (Chinese: 一代猛龍; also known as The Bruce Lee Story Bruce Lee: Super Dragon and Superdragon) is a heavily fictionalized biopic about martial arts actor Bruce Lee. The film centres on his supposed affair with actress Betty Ting-Pei.
 Conspiracy is a 2000 Hong Kong sex film directed by Shu-Pui Hou and produced by Chun Fai Lau starring Bessie Chan Simon Lui Michael Tse Sophie Ngan Peter Lai and Gai-keung Si. The film premiered in Hong Kong on 6 July 2000.
 One for the Road (French: Le Dernier pour la route) is a 2009 French film directed by Philippe Godeau and starring François Cluzet Mélanie Thierry and Michel Vuillermoz. Based on reporter Herve Chabalier's autobiography about his battle with alcoholism the story takes place in a French Alps retreat where Herve (Cluzet) confronts his dangerous addiction. The film received five nominations at the César Awards 2010 with Mélanie Thierry winning Most Promising Actress.
 Mignon is a silent 1915 drama film by William Nigh and Alexander E. Beyfuss.
 Strange Brew (also known as The Adventures of Bob & Doug McKenzie: Strange Brew) is a 1983 Canadian comedy film starring the popular SCTV characters Bob and Doug McKenzie portrayed by Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis who also served as co-directors. Co-stars include Max von Sydow Paul Dooley Lynne Griffin and Angus MacInnes.Most of the film was shot in the Southern Ontario area. Toronto Scarborough Kitchener and Hamilton were the main locations.
 Time of Favor (in Hebrew Ha-hesder) is Israeli writer-director Joseph Cedar's 2000 debut film starring Aki Avni. The film plays out a psychologically complex love triangle in the middle of terrorist conflict in Israel's West Bank.The New York Times called it an art house thriller and the Los Angeles Times said it was one of the most successful contemporary Israeli films.
 Tongan Ninja is a 2002 full length kung-fu action-comedy directed by Jason Stutter and filmed in New Zealand. The film has received recent notoriety for co-starring and being co-written by Jemaine Clement star of the HBO comedy Flight of the Conchords. The movie is a parody of English-dubbed martial arts films with a few other popular films and the plot is taken from Way of the Dragon.
 Night of the Running Man is a 1995 American crime thriller film produced by Trimark Pictures and American World Pictures starring Andrew McCarthy and Scott Glenn. It is based on the 1981 novel by Lee Wells who also wrote the screenplay for the film. The film debuted on HBO before being released direct-to-video.
 Simla Special is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role. S V Sekhar Sripriya Thenga sreenivasan YGM Manorama are other major stars appearing in this comedy. The movie was a hit at the box office.
 Graduation Journey: I Came from Japan (卒業旅行　ニホンから来ました Sotsugyō Ryokō Nihon kara Kimashita) is a 1993 film directed by Shūsuke Kaneko. It was distributed by Toho. It stars Yūji Oda and Takeshi Kaga.
 Seis días para morir (Six Days to Die) is a 1966 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Snow Queen (Russian: Снежная королева Snezhnaya koroleva) is a 2012 Russian 3D computer-animated film directed by Vladlen Barbe and Maxim Sveshnikov. It was produced by Wizart Animation studio in Voronezh and is based on the story of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen co-produced by Moscow's Inlay Film and distributed by Timur Bekmambetov's company Bazelevs.
 Ciao marziano is a 1980 Italian science fiction-comedy film directed by Pier Francesco Pingitore.
 Timbuktu is an upcoming French-Mauritanian drama film directed by Abderrahmane Sissako. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dr. Bezbarua (Assamese: ডক্তৰ বেজবৰুৱা) was the first Assamese language thriller film which was produced by M/s Rangghar Cine Productions and directed by Brajen Barua. The film was released on 1969. It was marked as the beginning of success of so-called commercial movies in Assamese Film industry It was also first time the outdoor and indoor shooting entirely took place in various locations of Assam.
 Murder in Reverse is a 1945 British thriller film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring William Hartnell Jimmy Hanley and Chili Bouchier.A successful film in its time Murder in Reverse was shown at the British Film Institute on the big screen in June 2010 to great success selling out the auditorium.
 Bachelor Party 2: The Last Temptation is a 2008 straight-to-DVD sex comedy by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. The film a sequel-in-name-only to a comedy made 24 years earlier (Bachelor Party) stars Josh Cooke as the bachelor and Sara Foster as his girlfriend.
 Gangs of the Waterfront is a 1945 American film. Robert Armstrong has a dual role as Dutch Malone a gang leader and a taxidermist Peter Winkly who is induced to take over the gang while Dutch is sidelined by an auto accident.
 Padmavyooham is a 2012 Malayalam mystery-thriller film written and directed by Bijoy P. I. and produced by a team of IT professionals in Technopark under the banner Mega Wave Productions. The film is released on 26 October 2012.
 'It's Alive!' is a 1969 American film directed by Larry Buchanan about a mad farmer who tries to feed a stranded couple to a dinosaur he keeps in a cave. It was filmed in the Ozark Mountain area of northern Arkansas and Tennessee and its tagline is: Trapped In a Cave of Terror!. The monster suit that was used to portray the dinosaur was used in another one of Buchanan's older films Creature of Destruction.
 Rahul's Arranged Marriage is a 2005 silent Canadian film directed and produced by Anant Mathur and is a short film.
 A Voice from the Deep is a 1912 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 South Pacific is a 1958 American romantic musical film adaptation of the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical South Pacific and based on James A. Michener's Tales of the South Pacific. The film directed by Joshua Logan starred Rossano Brazzi Mitzi Gaynor John Kerr and Ray Walston in the leading roles with Juanita Hall as Bloody Mary the part that she had played in the original stage production.
 Del brazo con la muerte is a 1966 Argentine film.
 In Pursuit of Honor is a 1995 made-for-cable movie directed by Ken Olin. Don Johnson stars as a member of a United States Cavalry detachment refusing to slaughter its horses after being ordered to do so by General Douglas MacArthur. The movie follows the plight of the officers as they attempt to save the animals that the Army no longer needs as it modernizes toward a mechanized military. The movie claims to be based on a true story but without firm evidence to support the claim.
 Men of Respect is a 1990 crime drama film an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. It stars John Turturro as Mike Battaglia a Mafia hitman who climbs his way to the top by killing his boss.The film also stars Rod Steiger Stanley Tucci Dennis Farina and Peter Boyle and is directed by William C. Reilly. It is not the first attempt to transplant MacBeth to the American mob culture; it was done in the 1955 film Joe MacBeth.
 Douro Faina Fluvial (Labor on the Douro River) is a 1931 Portuguese documentary short film. It was the first film directed by Manoel de Oliveira and is a portrait of his hometown of Porto and the labor and industry that takes place along the cities main river the Douro River. The film was first shown at the International Congress of Film Critics in Lisbon on September 19 1931 where the majority of the Portuguese audience booed the film.
 Namkeen (Devanāgarī: नमकीन English: Salty) 1982 Hindi film directed by Gulzar with Sharmila Tagore Sanjeev Kumar Shabana Azmi and Waheeda Rehman as leads. It was yet another movie by Gulzar made on some very sensitive but untouched aspects of Indian society especially in rural areas. The story Akal Basant was by Samaresh Basu on whose story Gulzar had previously made Kitaab (1977).The film won the National Film Awards in 1983 for Best Audiography for Essabhai M.
 Tokyo Family (東京家族 Tōkyō Kazoku) is a 2013 Japanese drama film directed by Yōji Yamada. It is a remake of the Japanese film Tokyo Story.
 In Name Only is a 1939 romantic film starring Cary Grant Carole Lombard and Kay Francis. It was based on the 1935 novel Memory of Love by Bessie Breuer.
 Little Wars (French: Les petites guerres Arabic: حروب صغيرة‎ translit. Houroub saghira) is a 1982 French-Lebanese war film directed by Maroun Bagdadi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. The film screened at New York Film Festival on October 2 1982.
 Keeping the Promise is a 1997 historical drama television film based on the children's novel The Sign of the Beaver by Elizabeth George Speare. The film was released to DVD and VHS on July 25 2000. It was shot in Ontario Canada.
 Azahares para tu boda (Orange Blossom for your Wedding) is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Agneepath (English: The Path of Fire) is a 2012 Indian action drama film produced by Hiroo Yash Johar and Karan Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions. It is a retelling of the 1990 film of the same name and was directed by Johar's former assistant Karan Malhotra. The screenplay was written by Malhotra along with Ila Dutta Bedi. Johar pays tribute to his father Yash Johar the producer of the original through the film.
 Karakanakadal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971. It has limited exposure in the English speaking world and lacks a proper entry in IMDB
 The Yes Men Fix the World is a 2009 English language documentary film about the culture jamming exploits of The Yes Men. The film premiered in New York City and Los Angeles on October 23 2009 and in other U.S. cities beginning on October 30.
 Bonnie Prince Charlie is a 1948 British historical film depicting the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion and the role of Bonnie Prince Charlie within it. Filmed in Technicolor it starred David Niven Jack Hawkins and Margaret Leighton.
 King Queen Joker is a 1921 American silent feature farce written and directed by Sydney Chaplin Charlie's older brother. The picture was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film was shot in England France and the United States.Less than a reel of this film the barbershop sequence survives at the British Film Institute. It was included in the 2011 Criterion DVD special two disc edition release of The Great Dictator.
 The Trail of the Lonesome Pine is a 1936 American romance film based on the novel of the same name. It was directed by Henry Hathaway. It was the second full-length feature film to be shot in three-strip Technicolor and the first in color to be shot outdoors with the approval of the Technicolor Corporation.
 Cold Steel (Chinese:遍地狼烟) is a Chinese action film directed by David Wu.
 Orgy of the Dead is an unrated 1965 film directed by Stephen C. Apostolof under the alias A. C. Stephen. The screenplay was adapted by cult film director Edward D. Wood Jr from his own novel. It is a combination of horror and erotica and is something of a transition for Wood who began as a horror writer and later wrote pornography.
 This article is about the 1953 film. For other uses see Salome (disambiguation)Salome (1953) is a Biblical epic film made in Technicolor by Columbia Pictures. It was directed by William Dieterle and produced by Buddy Adler from a screenplay by Harry Kleiner and Jesse Lasky Jr. The music score was by George Duning the dance music by Daniele Amfitheatrof and the cinematography by Charles Lang. Hayworth's costumes by Jean Louis.
 Off Beat is a 1986 comedy film about a young librarian who impersonates a police officer. The film was directed by Michael Dinner and stars Judge Reinhold Meg Tilly and Cleavant Derricks.
 The Bank is an 2001 Australian thriller/drama film starring David Wenham and Anthony LaPaglia.
 Behind Enemy Lines: Colombia is a 2009 war film directed by Tim Matheson and starring Joe Manganiello former WWE and current TNA wrestler Ken Anderson Keith David and Tim Matheson. It is the third installment in the series as well as the sequel to Behind Enemy Lines and Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil. The film was co-produced by WWE Studios and released direct-to-video and Blu-ray on January 6 2009.
 Les Anges Exterminateurs (English: Exterminating Angels) is a 2006 French film directed by Jean-Claude Brisseau. It was screened at the Cannes Film Festival on 20 May 2006 and had a limited release in the United States on 7 March 2007. The film is about a director named François who embarks on a film project about female eroticism. He meets three struggling actresses who perform sexual acts in front of him.
 La Digue is a 1911 silent French film directed by Abel Gance. It was Gance's debut film. The film was never released.
 The Chinese Ring is a 1947 American film directed by William Beaudine.The film is also known as Charlie Chan in the Chinese Ring (American poster title) and The Red Hornet. This is the first to feature Roland Winters as Charlie Chan. It is a remake of the 1939 Monogram Pictures film Mr. Wong in Chinatown with an identical story line and very little alterations of secondary characters.
 The Baker's Wife (French: La femme du boulanger) is a 1938 French comedy film directed by Marcel Pagnol. It is based on the novella Jean le Bleu by French author Jean Giono and became the basis of the American musical The Baker's Wife.
 Saalivaahanan (Tamil: சாலிவாகணன்) is a Tamil language film starring Ranjan T. R. Rajakumari M. G. Ramachandran and K. L. V. Vasantha. The film was released in the 1945.
 The Hireling is a 1973 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges based on a 1957 novel by LP Hartley which starred Robert Shaw and Sarah Miles. It tells the story of a chauffeur who falls in love with an aristocratic woman.It shared the Grand Prix with Scarecrow at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 Riptide (1934) is a romance film starring Norma Shearer written and directed by Edmund Goulding and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.The film is an example of a Pre-code film and was released a few months before the Production Code was enforced. This film marked the talkie feature debut of Mrs. Patrick Campbell a famous stage actress known for her friendship and correspondence with playwright George Bernard Shaw and her creation of Eliza Doolittle in Shaw's play Pygmalion.
 Viva il cinema! is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Baldaccini and Enzo Trapani.
 The Flats is a 2002 independent film written and directed by brothers Tyler Requa and Kelly Requa. Filmed in October 2001 near Mt. Vernon and the Skagit Valley of Washington The Flats was produced by Clear Pictures LLC and premiered at the 2002 Seattle International Film Festival.
 Aflatoon ('English': Maverick) is a Bollywood romance action film directed by Guddu Dhanoa. The film stars Akshay Kumar in a double role opposite Urmila Matondkar. It released on 19 December 1997 and did average business at the box office. The music cassettes were sold to T-Series.Akshay Kumar received best villain as well as best actor at IIFA award for this movie.
 Strangers with Candy is a 2005 comedy film released by THINKFilm first screened at the Sundance Film Festival. It serves as a prequel to the TV series of the same name. Among the executive producers was David Letterman.
 The Suspect is a 1944 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak set in London in 1902 in Edwardian times. It is based on the novel This Way Out by James Ronald and was released by Universal Pictures. It stars Charles Laughton Ella Raines Dean Harens and Stanley Ridges.
 Housekeeper with Beautiful Skin: Made Wet with Finger Torture (美肌家政婦　指責め濡らして Mihada Kaseifu: Yubizeme Nurashite) is a 2004 Japanese pink film directed by Tarō Araki and scripted by Yumi Yoshiyuki. Araki directed the film for his own production studio Tarō Pro and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on March 1 2004. It won the Silver Prize for Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Yoshiyuki was awarded for Best Screenplay.
 Schubert's Dream of Spring (German: Schuberts Frühlingstraum) is a 1931 German musical film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Carl Jöken Gretl Theimer and Alfred Läutner. It is a biopic of the early Nineteenth century Austrian composer Franz Schubert. It was one of two films along with Vienna City of Song (1930) with which the director paid musical tribute to his native city Vienna.
 Namo Venkatesa is a 2010 Telugu language film starring Venkatesh and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles. The film is directed by Srinu Vytla who recently gave big hits with Dhee Dubai Seenu Ready and King. Gopimohan is the story writer. The movie is produced by Achanta Gopichand Achanta Ram and Anil Sunkara in association with D. Suresh Babu.
 Communication Breakdown is a 2004 independent motion picture directed by Richard O'Sullivan who also wrote the script along with the film's star Dan Lashley and produced by John Edmonds Kozma (producer of Nick Cassavetes' Kentucky Rhapsody).The movie also stars Willie Repoley Meredith Sause Aleks West Blair Peery Brian Heffron Jasmin St. Claire Katie Lester Satu Rautaharju and Aubrey Goss.
 Kamillions is a 1989 film directed by Mikel B. Anderson from a story by Robert Hsi and a screenplay Anderson wrote in collaboration with Harry S. Robins. The film was re-edited by producer Teresa Woo who later admitted she did not really understand an English language science fiction comedy and was expecting more of an action film. The film was shot primarily in the Dunsmuir House and Gardens in Oakland California.
 Hour of the Star (Portuguese: A Hora da Estrela) is a Brazilian film directed by Suzana Amaral and released in 1985. The film is an adaptation of a book by Clarice Lispector with the same name. In 1986 the actress Marcélia Cartaxo won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 36th Berlin International Film Festival for her role as Macabea.Macabea is an example of the mental undevelopment of the poor people of the world the director Amaral has written.
 The Razor's Edge is the first film version of W. Somerset Maugham's 1944 novel. It was released in 1946 and stars Tyrone Power Gene Tierney John Payne Anne Baxter Clifton Webb Herbert Marshall supporting cast Lucile Watson Frank Latimore and Elsa Lanchester. Marshall plays Somerset Maugham.
 Tora-san Plays Daddy (男はつらいよ 寅次郎物語 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Monogatari) aka Torasan's Tale is a 1987 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Kumiko Akiyoshi as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san Plays Daddy is the thirty-ninth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Fires Within is a 1987 film directed by John Stockwell. It stars David Neidorf and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
 Piano piano non t'agitare is a 1967 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 The Living Stone is a 1958 Canadian short documentary film directed by John Feeney about Inuit art. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The film is included in the 2011 Inuit film anthology Unikkausivut: Sharing Our Stories bringing together over 100 films by and about the Inuit people of Canada distributed on DVD to Inuit communities across the Canadian North and available online.
 The Scarlet Letter (1911) is a silent drama motion picture short starring King Baggot Lucille Young and William Robert Daly.Directed by Joseph W.
 Traitor Spy is a 1939 British wartime thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Bruce Cabot Marta Labarr Tamara Desni and Edward Lexy.
 The Seven of Daran: Battle of Pareo Rock is a Dutch 2008 movie in English directed by Lourens Blok. It is the first of a planned series of seven movies which may be made depending on the success. It is filmed in South Africa and Namibia.
 Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price is a 2005 documentary film by director Robert Greenwald and Brave New Films. The film presents a negative picture of Wal-Mart's business practices through interviews with former employees small business owners and footage of Wal-Mart executives. Greenwald also uses statistics interspersed between interview footage to provide an objective analysis of the effects Wal-Mart has on individuals and communities.
 51 Degrees is a 2014 thriller science fiction film written and directed by Grigorij Richters and starring Moritz von Zeddelmann Steve Nallon Jamie Doyle Dolly-Ann Osterloh and Steven Cree. The film is visually presented as found footage shot from the perspective of various video recording devices primarily from a hand-held camcorder operated by the main characters and from CCTV cameras and Social Media.
 Turner & Hooch is a 1989 American comedy film starring Tom Hanks and Beasley the Dog as the eponymous characters Turner and Hooch respectively. The film also co-stars Mare Winningham Craig T. Nelson and Reginald VelJohnson. It was directed by Roger Spottiswoode; the film was originally slated to be directed by Henry Winkler but he was terminated because of his creative differences.
 Zille and Me (German: Zille und ick) is a 1983 East German musical film directed by Werner W. Wallroth. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 They Met in Bombay is a 1941 American drama film adventure directed by Clarence Brown. The film stars Clark Gable Rosalind Russell and Peter Lorre.
 Holiday Hotel (French title:L'Hôtel de la plage) is a 1978 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang. The film stars Sophie Barjac and Myriam Boyer on a summer holiday in Brittany.
 Red Sky (Greek: Κόκκινος Ουρανός translit. Kokkinos ouranos) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Laya Yourgou.
 One Out of Two (Italian: Uno su due) is a 2006 Italian drama film directed by Eugenio Cappuccio. It entered the competition at the Rome Film Festival in which Ninetto Davoli was awarded best supporting actor.
 Abouna (English: Our Father) is a 2002 film by Chadian director Mahamat Saleh Haroun. It was filmed on location in Gaoui and N'Djamena Chad.
 Drawn By Pain is a 12-part episodic internet series. It is about the spiral into one woman’s search for salvation as her animated madness fights for her sanity in the real world.
 Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes is a 1965 West German and Italian western film adventure directed by Robert Siodmak based on a book by Karl May.
 All's Well Ends Well (Chinese: 家有囍事; pinyin: Jiā Yǒu Xǐ Shì; Cantonese Yale: Ga Yau Hei Si) is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko. The film stars Stephen Chow with Maggie Cheung Leslie Cheung Raymond Wong Sandra Ng and Teresa Mo.All's Well Ends Well was a Lunar New Year film where a film's release was timed to coincide with the larger movie audience at that time of year.
 Uncle Tom's Fairy Tales: The Movie for Homosexuals is a 1968 film directed by then-film student Penelope Spheeris (later the director of The Decline of Western Civilization and its two sequels) starring famed comedian Richard Pryor. The only known negative of the film was said to have been shredded by Pryor after a disagreement with his wife at the time. However in June 2005 scenes from the film appeared in a retrospective while Pryor was being honored by the Directors Guild of America.
 Aquello que amamos (English language:Those that We Loved) is a 1959 Argentine film directed and written by Leopoldo Torres Ríos. The film premiered on 20 August 1959 in Buenos Aires and starred Lautaro Murúa and Aída Luz.
 Guys and Balls (German: Männer wie wir literally Men like us) is a 2004 sports comedy/romance film by German American director Sherry Hormann about a gay goalkeeper who assembles a gay-only soccer team to play against his ex-team which fired him due to homophobia.
 Ten North Frederick is a 1958 American drama film starring Gary Cooper written and directed by Philip Dunne. The screenplay is based on the 1955 novel of the same name by John O'Hara.
 The Lighthorsemen is a 1987 Australian feature film about the men of a World War I light horse unit involved in Sinai and Palestine Campaign's 1917 Battle of Beersheeba. The film is based on a true story and most of the characters in the film were based on real people.It follows in the wake of other Australian New Wave war films such as Breaker Morant (1980) Gallipoli (1981) and the 5-part TV series Anzacs (1985).
 Chafalonías is a 1960 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Luis Sandrini.
 Kabooliwala is a 1993 Malayalam comedy drama film written and directed by Siddique-Lal starring Innocent Jagathy Sreekumar Vineeth and Charmila in pivotal roles.
 Blackbeard the Pirate is a 1952 Technicolor adventure film made by RKO. The film was directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Edmund Grainger from a screenplay by Alan Le May based on the story by DeVallon Scott.
 One Water is a 2008 documentary film directed by Sanjeev Chatterjee and Ali Habashi. The film premiered at the 2008 Miami International Film Festival on 22 February 2008.
 A House with a View of the Sea (Spanish: Una casa con vista al mar) is a 2001 Venezuelan film directed by Alberto Aruelo. It was Venezuela's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Husmandstøsen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks. It is based on the 1908 novella The Girl from the Marsh Croft by Selma Lagerlöf.
 Bheemli Kabadi Jattu is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language film written by newcomer Tatineni Satya starring Nani and Saranya Mohan along with numerous newcomers. It is a remake of the Tamil film Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu which starred Vishnu Vishal Kishore and Saranya Mohan along with numerous other newcomers in the lead roles.This Film marks the directorial debut of Tatineni Satya. This film completed 100 days in Srikakulam town Keerthika & Chandramahal theatres and great hit.
 Before Breakfast is a 1919 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Monster Mash is a 2000 direct-to-video animated feature based on the stories of Frankenstein The Wolfman and Count Dracula.The film was released with Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet Frankenstein Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet the Wolfman and 4 Archie's Weird Mysteries episodes on the Monster Bash Fun Pack released on September 7 2004.The film also includes a rendition of Bobby Boris Pickett' song Monster Mash that is played at the beginning and end of the film.
 The Good Witch's Family is a 2011 Canadian family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by G. Ross Parker and directed by Craig Pryce The film stars Catherine Bell Chris Potter Catherine Disher Matthew Knight and Paul Miller. Family is the fourth film in The Good Witch film series. The film premiered on Hallmark Channel October 29 2011. The first film premiered January 19 2008.
 Moro no Brasil is a 2002 documentary film.
 The Lost Special (1932) is a Universal movie serial based on the story The Lost Special by Arthur Conan Doyle. This adaptation does not include Conan Doyle's character Sherlock Holmes and moves events to the American West.This was the 84th serial (and the 16th serial with sound) to be released by Universal.
 Romero is a 1989 American biopic depicting the life of Salvadoran Archbishop Óscar Romero who organized peaceful protests against the violent military regime eventually at the cost of his own life. The film stars Raúl Juliá Richard Jordan as Romero's close friend and fellow martyred priest Rutilio Grande as well as actors Ana Alicia and Harold Gould. Although the film depicts true events there are a few fictional characters.
 The Tenderness of Wolves (German: Die Zärtlichkeit der Wölfe) is a 1973 West German film produced by Rainer Werner Fassbinder directed by Ulli Lommel and based on the crimes of German serial killer and cannibal Fritz Haarmann. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Little Murder is a 2011 supernatural thriller film directed by Predrag Antonijević. The film premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 8 2011.
 Tepeyac (Spanish: El milagro de Tepeyac (The Miracle from Tepeyac)) is a 1917 film directed by José Manuel Ramos Carlos E. Gonzáles and Fernando Sáyago. rescued by Aurelio de los Reyes and restored by National Autonomous University of Mexico.
 Calamity Anne's Vanity is a 1913 American silent short Western directed by Allan Dwan starring Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester as Calamity Anne.
 The Composer Glinka (Russian: Композитор Глинка - Kompozitor Glinka alternative title Man of Music) is a 1952 Soviet film directed by Grigori Aleksandrov.
 The Madonna and the Dragon (also known as Tinikling ou 'La Madonne et le Dragon') is a 1990 film written and directed by Samuel Fuller and starring Jennifer Beals.It was Fuller's final film.
 Borrowed Hearts (a.k.a. Borrowed Hearts: A Holiday Romance) is a 1997 made-for-TV Christmas film directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Roma Downey and Eric McCormack.
 Vellathooval is a 2009 Malayalam movie by I. V. Sasi and also last film done by him starring Rejith Menon Nithya Menon and Lalu Alex. It is about a crazy girl and her jorney with a poor friend.
 Singam (English: Lion) is a 2010 Indian Tamil action-masala film directed by Hari starring Suriya and Anushka Shetty in the lead. The film produced by K. E. Gnanavel Raja in association with Reliance Big Pictures and distributed by Sun Pictures was released on 28 May 2010. Upon release the film was dubbed into Telugu and released as Yamudu and into Hindi as The Fighterman Singham. The film's success led to remakes in Kannada as Kempe Gowda in Hindi as Singham and in Bengali as Shotru.
 Masked is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 El Haimoune (English: Wanderers of the Desert) is a 1984 film by Tunisian writer and director Nacer Khemir. It'is the first part of Khemir's Desert Trilogy. It stars Nacer Khemir Soufiane Makni Noureddine Kasbaoui Hedi Daoud Sonia Ichti. It was filmed in Tunisia.
 The Queen's Love Letter (German:Der Liebesbrief der Königin) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Henny Porten Arthur Schröder and Rudolf Biebrach. Its story is unconnected with Wiene's film The Queen's Secretary which was released the same year.
 Bujjipapa Brahmacharulu is a 1991 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Gopi Bheemsingh starring Pandian and Geetha.
 Let's Have a Riot (Italian: Contestazione generale) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Vittorio Gassman.
 Yo pecador (Sinful Self) is a 1959 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Captain Spanky's Show Boat is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 183rd Our Gang short (184th episode 95th talking short 96th talking episode and 15th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 Happy Birthday Garfield is an hour-long television dedicated to the tenth anniversary of the Garfield comic strip hosted by its creator Jim Davis. The special was first broadcast May 17 1988 on CBS. It has only been released on VHS home video.
 Heldorado is a 1946 American modern day Western film starring Roy Rogers set during the annual Helldorado Days celebrations in Las Vegas. It was the last teaming of Roy and comedy relief sidekick Gabby Hayes. Hayes shares a scene with Pat Brady who later became Rogers' comedy relief sidekick.
 Back Street is a 1961 film made by Universal Pictures directed by David Miller and produced by Ross Hunter. The screenplay was written by William Ludwig and Eleanore Griffin based on the novel by Fannie Hurst. The music score is by Frank Skinner. The film stars Susan Hayward John Gavin and Vera Miles. The story follows two lovers who have limited opportunities to get together because one of them is married.It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design Color (Jean Louis).
 Housewife is a 1934 American drama film directed by Alfred E. Green. The screenplay by Manuel Seff and Lillie Hayward is based on a story by Hayward and Robert Lord.
 Cage Without a Key is a 1975 made-for-TV movie starring Susan Dey and Sam Bottoms with Jonelle Allen and Lani O'Grady in supporting roles. The movie appeared on the NBC television network later repeating on The CBS Late Movie. The film was released on VHS under the title Imprisioned Women.The movie was filmed at Las Palmas School for Girls in Commerce California now known as the Dorothy Kirby Center. This was a juvenile detention center not an actual women's prison.
 Con gli occhi chiusi (With Closed Eyes) is a 1994 Italian drama film written and directed by Francesca Archibugi. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Federigo Tozzi.For his performance Marco Messeri won the Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actor.
 Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins is a 2000 Disney animated direct-to-video filmthat acts as a pilot to the television series Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Set in the fictional universe of the Pixar film series Toy Story the film inspired a line of Buzz Lightyear toys. The opening computer-animated sequence was created by Pixar while the rest of the film was traditionally animated by Walt Disney Television Animation.
 Dreamland is an American science fiction film that was released on DVD February 27 2007.
 For the nursing specialty see Psychiatric and mental health nursing.Psychiatric Nursing is a 1958 documentary film directed by Lee R. Bobker. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Jack Reed: Badge of Honor is a 1993 crime drama made-for-television film written by Andrew Laskos directed by Kevin Connor starring Brian Dennehy Susan Ruttan and Alice Krige. It was the sequel to the 1992 made-for-TV crime drama Deadly Matrimony continuing the fictional Jack Reed character in a television film series.
 On the Border (1930) is an all-talking drama with songs that stars Rin Tin Tin. It was adapted from a story by Lillie Hayward who also wrote the screenplay. Armida sings two songs in the picture.
 Rush is a 1991 American crime/drama film directed by Lili Fini Zanuck (wife of producer Richard Zanuck) and based on a novel written by Kim Wozencraft. It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jason Patric as two cops in the 1970s who go in too deep on a case: a narcotics detective and his inexperienced partner go after an elusive drug dealer. They become drug addicts themselves and failing to get the evidence they need use falsified evidence.
 Portrait of Teresa (Spanish: Retrato de Teresa) is a 1979 Cuban drama film directed by Pastor Vega. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival where Daisy Granados won the award for Best Actress.
 Winter 1960 (French: Hiver 60) is a 1983 Belgian drama film directed by Thierry Michel. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Kid also known as Kid Cheung and My Son A-Chang is a 1950 Hong Kong drama film starring the then 10-year old Bruce Lee in his first leading role in the title role of Kid Cheung based on a comic book character written by Yuen Po Wan who also has a role in the film. Co-starring Lee's father Lee Hoi-chuen this is the second film in which the father and son worked together on the other being The Birth of Mankind in 1946.
 Testosterone (2003) is a film adaption from James Robert Baker's novel Testosterone. The film is directed by David Moreton and stars David Sutcliffe Antonio Sabato Jr. and Jennifer Coolidge.
 The Bridge is a 2006 drama film directed by filmmaker Brett Hanover.A fictional story of involvement and disillusionment with Scientology the film explicitly uses Scientology terms throughout as well as including clips from actual Scientology promotional and training videos. It was released as free use media to the Internet in September 2006 by the filmmaker.The brochure of the Indie Memphis film festival stated that The Bridge was the first feature film about the Church Of Scientology.
 Qatl is a 1986 Indian mystery thriller film.Rakesh (Sanjeev Kumar) is a blind man with an attractive wife Rohini (Sarika). Unknown to him his wife is having an affair with another man Ranjeet (Marc Zuber) behind his back. When Rakesh's wife is murdered in her paramour's home he is the only suspect Now it is to be seen whether a blind man can pull a perfect murder single-handedly?
 Chaverpada is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by debutant T. S. Jaspal. Manikuttan and Bala play lead roles in this film. Muktha is the heroine. The film throws light on the struggles led by the students against bribery and bureaucracy. The movie is produced under the banner of Souparnika Visual Media.
 American Manners is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James W. Horne. It was produced by Richard Talmadge who also stars and was distributed by FBO.Preserved in the Library of Congress.
 In the Family is an independent 2011 drama film that was the directorial debut of Patrick Wang. It tells the story of the surviving partner's attempt to maintain his relationship with his dead partner's young son.
 The Conquering Power is a 1921 American silent romantic drama directed by Rex Ingram and starring Rudolph Valentino Alice Terry and Ralph Lewis. It was based on the novel Eugénie Grandet by Honoré de Balzac.
 Truxa is a 1937 German drama film directed by Hans H. Zerlett and starring La Jana Hannes Stelzer and Ernst Fritz Fürbringer. It is a Circus film based on a novel by Heinrich Seiler. The film was released in the United States and was one of the most successful German films show in America that year.It was remade in Britain the following year as Star of the Circus.
 Sachaai is a 1969 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Shankar and produced by M.C. Ramamurthy. It stars Shammi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar and Sadhana Shivdasani in pivotal roles.
 Kamen Rider Kabuto The Movie: God Speed Love (劇場版 仮面ライダーカブト GOD SPEED LOVE Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Kabuto Goddo Supīdo Rabu) is the theatrical film adaptation of the Kamen Rider Kabuto TV series directed by Hidenori Ishida and written by Shōji Yonemura. The catchphrase for the movie is  (この地球〈ほし〉に、未来を。人類の存亡を賭けて、宇宙での死闘が始まる。 Kono Hoshi ni Mirai o. Jinrui no Sonbō o Kakete Uchū de no Shitō ga Hajimaru.). Unlike many others Kamen Rider movies it does not follow the TV series's storyline.
 Naksha is a 2006 Bollywood film. The film is directed by Sachin Bajaj and stars Sunny Deol Vivek Oberoi Sameera Reddy and Jackie Shroff.The role of Ria was initially offered to Amrita Rao but she declined the offer as she was filming for Vivah. The plot is similar to The Rock's movie The Rundown and The Touch.[citation needed] The costumes of the movie were created by Simple Kapadia.
 Legend of Sealed Book (Chinese: 天书奇谭; pinyin: Tian Shu Qi Tan) is a Chinese animated feature film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Book Which Came from the Sky Tales about the Heavenly Book and Secrets of the Heavenly Book.
 Oh to Be on the Bandwagon! (Danish: Man sku være noget ved musikken) is a 1972 Danish drama film directed by Henning Carlsen. It was entered in the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Raw Wind in Eden is a 1958 film starring Jeff Chandler and Esther Williams.
 The Don Is Dead is a 1973 crime drama film directed by Richard Fleischer. It stars Anthony Quinn.
 Traveling Companion (Italian: Compagna di viaggio) is a 1996 Italian drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. For her performance Asia Argento won the 1997 David di Donatello for Best Actress.
 Bella Donna was a 1915 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and the Charles Frohman Company starring Pauline Frederick and based on the play Bella Donna by James Bernard Fagan adapted from the novel of the same name by Robert Smythe Hichens.In 1912 Alla Nazimova starred in a Broadway stage version which ran for 72 performances. A second version of the novel and play was filmed in 1923 starring Pola Negri. The film is now considered lost.
 Happy Ero Christmas (Hangul: 해피 에로 크리스마스; RR: Haepi ero keurisemaseu) is a 2003 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Korean comedian Cha Tae-hyun (My Sassy Girl) and Kim Sun-a (The Greatest Expectation and Wet Dreams).
 Teri Kasam(Devanagari: तेरी कसम ; Nastaliq: تیری کسم) is 1982 Hindi language film directed by A C Trilogchander and starring Kumar Gaurav Poonam Dhillon Girish Karnad Nirupa Roy.The story had been filmed before in three South Indian languages: the Tamil film Pugunda Veedu (1972) the Telugu film Puttinillu-Mettinillu (1973) and the Kannada film Devara Gudi (1975).
 Veeranna is a 2005 Tamil drama film directed by B. Kalanithi. The film features Napoleon Anamika and Preethi Varma in lead roles. The film written by P. Kalaimani had musical score by Soundaryan and was released on 18 December 2005.
 Time Is My Enemy is a 1954 British crime film directed by Don Chaffey. It stars Dennis Price and Renée Asherson.
 Arsene Lupin is a 1932 talking film mystery directed by Jack Conway produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is taken from a popular 1909 play by Maurice Leblanc and Francis de Croisset. John Barrymore stars in this film his first MGM film under a new contract and after leaving Warner Brothers.
 Willing to Kill: The Texas Cheerleader Story is a 1992 American television film directed by David Greene. It stars Lesley Ann Warren and Tess Harper. It was nominated for a Young Artist Award in 1993.It preceded but was ultimately over-shadowed by the bigger budgeted and more star-powered version of the true story The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom.
 11 Flowers (Chinese: 我11; pinyin: wǒ shí yī) is a 2011 film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai centered on a boy named Wang Han who loses his white shirt which shows that he is his school's best gymnast. The loss of the shirt is to take on greater metaphorical meaning as the film progresses which is inspired by the director's own experience as a youth during the cultural revolution and the more general confusion of childhood.
 500 Years Later (፭፻ ዓመታት በኋላ 500 ʿamätatə bägwala) is the title of an independent documentary film directed by Owen 'Alik Shahadah written by M. K. Asante Jr. released in 2005. It won five international film festival awards (including UNESCO 'Breaking the Chains Award') in the category of Best Documentary. 500 Years Later has received praise as well as controversy both for the genre of the film (creative documentary) and the social-political impact of the film as it relates to race study.
 Eyes Wide Shut is a 1999 drama film loosely based upon Arthur Schnitzler's 1926 novella Dream Story. The film was directed produced and co-written by Stanley Kubrick. It was his last film as he died five days after showing his final cut to Warner Brothers studios. The story set in and around New York City follows the sexually charged adventures of Dr. Bill Harford who is shocked when his wife Alice reveals that she had contemplated an affair a year earlier.
 Play is a 2011 Swedish film drama directed by Ruben Östlund and written by Östlund and Erik Hemmendorff. Inspired by actual court cases it portrays a group of black boys who rob a smaller group of white boys by the means of a psychological game. The film was heavily debated in the Swedish press. It won the Nordic Council Film Prize in 2012.
 Neighbours (French title: Voisins) is a 1952 anti-war film by Scottish-Canadian filmmaker Norman McLaren. Produced at the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal the film uses the technique known as pixilation an animation technique using live actors as stop-motion objects. McLaren created the soundtrack of the film by scratching the edge of the film creating various blobs lines and triangles which the projector read as sound.
 Manninte Maril (English: In the Bosom of the Earth) is a 1980 Malayalam film directed by P. A. Backer based on Cherukad's famous novel and starring P. J. Antony in the lead role.
 Our Grand Despair (Turkish: Bizim Büyük Çaresizliğimiz) is a 2011 Turkish drama film directed by Seyfi Teoman about two flatmates who reluctantly take in their friend's traumatised sister. The film premiered in competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Stonehenge Apocalypse is a 2010 made-for-TV American science fiction movie starring Misha Collins Torri Higginson and Peter Wingfield. The movie follows a series of deaths natural disasters and strange energy readings that seem to be mysteriously connected to Stonehenge.
 Conte de printemps (A Tale of Springtime) is a 1990 French film directed by Éric Rohmer starring Anne Teyssèdre Hugues Quester and Florence Darel. It is the first of Rohmer's Contes des quatre saisons (Tales of the Four Seasons) which also includes A Tale of Winter (1992) A Summer's Tale (1996) and Autumn Tale (1998).
 Head Over Heels is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Mark Waters about a woman Amanda Pierce (Monica Potter) living in New York City who works at Metropolitan Museum of Art restoring paintings.Early in the film she moves in with four supermodels and falls for a man living in an apartment that they can see across the street. After the models try to help Amanda get the man they find out he might not be what he appears to be.
 1983 is a 2014 Malayalam sports drama film directed by fashion photographer Abrid Shine who has written the story and co-written the script with Bipin Chandran.The film is a family drama that revolves around cricket it centers on Rameshan (Nivin Pauly) and his memories from 1983 when India won its first World Cup under Kapil Dev to 2013.
 Bhooloham (Tamil: பூலோகம்) is an upcoming Tamil action movie directed by N. Kalyanakrishnan and produced by Aascar Films. It stars Jayam Ravi and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while Prakash Raj plays another pivotal role. The film is in its post-production stage and will release in mid 2014.
 Monte Carlo Baby is a 1952 British-French comedy film co-directed by Jean Boyer and Lester Fuller. It featured an early performance by Audrey Hepburn playing a spoiled actress. Most Hepburn biographies indicate that it was during the filming of this movie that Hepburn was first discovered by the playwright Colette and chosen for the lead role in the play Gigi which would lead to Hepburn launching her acting career in Hollywood.Monte Carlo Baby was produced in the English language.
 The People of the Wind is also the title of a science fiction novel by Poul AndersonPeople of the Wind is a 1976 American documentary film about the Bakhtiari people produced by Anthony Howarth and David Koff. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Kathai (English: Story) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Abhishek Shankar. Produced by Rajan Radhakrishnan and distributed through Madurai by noted director M. Sasikumar the film stars newcomers Shaan Kumar Nivedhitha and Abhinay in the lead roles. The film was released on 29 January 2010.
 Charlotte's Foot (Polish: U stóp Szarloty) is a 2012 Polish comedy-drama film. Charlotte's Foot was sold in December 12 2012 in Sundance Film Festival and premiered in Poland on February 23 2013.
 Jaws 3-D (also known as Jaws 3 or Jaws III) is a 1983 American horror thriller film directed by Joe Alves and starring Dennis Quaid Bess Armstrong Lea Thompson and Louis Gossett Jr. It is the second sequel to Steven Spielberg's Jaws which was based on the novel of Peter Benchley.As SeaWorld a Florida marine park with underwater tunnels and lagoons prepares for opening a young great white shark infiltrates the park from the sea attacking and terrifying employees.
 Wild Style is a 1983 hip hop film produced by Charlie Ahearn. Released theatrically in 1983 by First Run Features and later re-released for home video by Rhino Home Video it is regarded as the first hip hop motion picture. The film featured seminal figures within the given period such as Fab Five Freddy Lee Quinones Lady Pink the Rock Steady Crew The Cold Crush Brothers Queen Lisa Lee of Zulu Nation Grandmaster Flash and Zephyr.
 Ek Baar Kaho (Hindi: एक बार कहो; translation: Say Once) is a 1980 Hindi language film produced for Rajshri Productions by Tarachand Barjatya and directed by Lekh Tandon. This romance and family drama stars Navin Nischol and Shabana Azmi as lead pair and support cast of Kiran Vairale Madan Puri Rajendra Nath Jagdeep Anil Kapoor Dilip Dhawan Suresh Oberoi.
 Confession (Russian: Повинность (из дневников командира Корабля повествование в пяти частях) English: From the diaries of the captain story in five parts) is a Russian documentary by Alexander Sokurov released in 1998 as a five-part miniseries on television. The series follows the lives of Russian sailors aboard a battleship in the Barents Sea.
 Slaughter is a 2009 American horror film written and directed by Stewart Hopewell. It was part of the third After Dark Horrorfest.
 Du Cote D'Orouët is a 1973 French film directed by Jacques Rozier. The film is about three young girls that have their summer vacation in a villa on the beaches of Orouët. It was first screened at the Cannes Film Festival in 1971.
 La gran familia is a 1962 Spanish classic comedy film directed by Fernando Palacios.It was so successful that it inspired both a sequel La familia y... uno más (1965) ; La familia bien gracias (1979) and a TV movie La familia... 30 años después (1999) (TV)
 Nearing Grace is a 2005 film directed by Rick Rosenthal based on the novel by Scott Sommer.
 Bô-bí-lo̍k (literally 'happiness without rice' in Taiwanese; English title: Let It Be; Chinese: 無米樂; Simplified Chinese: 无米乐; Pinyin: Wu Mi Le) is a documentary film produced in Taiwan in 2004.
 No Crossover: The Trial of Allen Iverson is a 2010 documentary film produced by Kartemquin Films for ESPN's 30 for 30 series and directed by Steve James.
 The Eternal Empire (Hangul: 영원한 제국; RR: Yeongwonhan jeguk) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Park Jong-won. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 Jai Sriram is a 2013 Telugu action film directed by Balaji N. Sai. The film had Uday Kiran and Reshma in lead roles.
 Two O'Clock Courage is a 1945 American film noir directed by Anthony Mann and written by Robert E. Kent based on novel written by Gelett Burgess. The drama features Tom Conway and Ann Rutherford.
 The Ice Harvest is a 2005 dark comedy-drama film directed by Harold Ramis and written by Richard Russo and Robert Benton based on the novel of the same name by Scott Phillips. It stars John Cusack Billy Bob Thornton and Connie Nielsen with Randy Quaid and Oliver Platt in supporting roles. It was distributed by Focus Features and the DVD was released on February 28 2006.
 The Girl from Petrovka is a 1974 feature film starring Goldie Hawn and Hal Holbrook based on the novel by George Feifer.
 Peruvannapurathe Visheshangal (Malayalam: പെരുവണ്ണാപുരത്തെ വിശേഷങ്ങള്‍) is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and written by Ranjith. The film starred Jayaram and Parvathi. Mohanlal makes a cameo role.
 Speaking Parts is a 1989 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan. It earned a Best Motion Picture nomination and five other nominations at the 1989 Genie Awards.
 Be with Me is a 2005 Singaporean drama film directed by Eric Khoo. The film is inspired by the life of deaf-and-blind teacher Theresa Poh Lin Chan. It premiered as the Director's Fortnight selection in the 2005 Cannes Film Festival. It was also the official entry from Singapore for the 78th Academy Awards in the foreign language category. In December 2005 the Academy body disqualified the film on grounds that the dialogue is mainly in English.
 The Cult of Sincerity is an independent film about hipster culture and postmodernist irony set in Williamsburg in Brooklyn New York. It was released on April 8 2008. The film has not received conventional distribution and is notable only as being the first feature film intentionally released in its entirety on YouTube.
 Cyborg Soldier is a science fiction film released on October 7 2008 directed by John Stead and starring Rich Franklin Tiffani Thiessen and Bruce Greenwood.
 Badri is a 2001 Indian Tamil–language sports action film directed by P. A. Arun Prasad which is a remake of his 1999 Telugu film Thammudu. The film stars Vijay in the leading role as a spoilt college brat who turns into a kickboxer to prove himself. Bhumika Chawla and Monal are the leading ladies while Dhamu and Vivek play supporting roles. The film's soundtrack was composed by Ramana Gogula while the background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
 The 'Dead End' Kids On Dress Parade is a 1939 Warner Bros. film that marked the first time The Dead End Kids headlined a film without any other well-known actors.
 Old Mother Riley Joins Up is a 1940 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Arthur Lucan Kitty McShane Martita Hunt Bruce Seton and Garry Marsh. It was part of the long-running Old Mother Riley series.
 Janky Promoters is a comedy film re-teaming Ice Cube and Mike Epps who play as janky promoters who book rapper Young Jeezy to play at their concert only to fail at doing it the right way and thus getting into more trouble than they bargained for.
 Prince Avalanche is a 2013 comedy-drama film starring Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch. It was directed by David Gordon Green who also wrote the screenplay based on the 2011 Icelandic film Either Way (Á annan veg). The film was shot in Bastrop Texas after the Bastrop County Complex fire.
 Gasolina (Gasoline) is a 2008 Guatemalan independent comedy drama written and directed by Julio Hernández. The film deals with dehumanization lack of purpose and recklessness in Guatemalan youth by following the exploits of three teenage boys who go out on a midnight joyride outside their housing project stealing gasoline from other vehicles along the way. It stars José Andrés Chamier Carlos Dardón and Francisco Jacome.
 Why Men Leave Home is a 1924 silent comedy-drama film directed by John M. Stahl directed and stars Lewis Stone and Helene Chadwick. Produced by Louis B. Mayer and released through First National Pictures (then known as Associated First National) the film is based on the 1922 play of the same name by Avery Hopwood. The film was released in Germany in 1925 by UFA.A print is preserved by MGM.
 Mahatma: Life of Gandhi 1869–1948 is a 1968 documentary biography film detailing the life of Mahatma Gandhi. The film was produced by The Gandhi National Memorial Fund in cooperation with the Films Division of the Government of India and was directed and scripted by Vithalbhai Jhaveri. Jhaveri also provides the commentary throughout the film.
 Jantar Mantar is a 1964 Hindi film. The film was directed by Radhakant. It starred Mahipal Vijaya Choudhury and Ulhas. The music for the film was composed by Sardar Malik.
 Gangster High is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Park Ki Hyeong.
 Ganga Jamuna Saraswati is 1988 Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai and starring Amitabh Bachchan as Ganga Meenakshi Sheshadri as Jamuna and Jaya Prada as Saraswati. Other cast includes Mithun Chakraborty Amrish Puri Nirupa Roy and Aruna Irani.
 Chutney Popcorn is a 1999 comedy-drama film starring directed and co-written by Nisha Ganatra. Ganatra plays a young lesbian Indian American woman called Reena. Jill Hennessy plays her girlfriend Lisa and Reena's mother and sister are played by real life mother and daughter Madhur Jaffrey and Sakina Jaffrey. The film explores the conflict between Reena's sexual and national identities as well as her mother Meenu's attempts to come to terms with the Western lives of both her daughters.
 Passion in the Desert or Simoom: A Passion in the Desert is a 1998 film from director Lavinia Currier based on the short story A Passion in the Desert by Honoré de Balzac. The film follows the ventures of a young French officer named Augustin Robert (Ben Daniels) in late 18th-century Egypt during Napoleon Bonaparte's campaign to capture the country.
 Panic Room is a 2002 American thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by David Koepp. The film stars Jodie Foster and Kristen Stewart as a mother and daughter whose new home is invaded by burglars played by Forest Whitaker Jared Leto and Dwight Yoakam.Koepp's screenplay was inspired by news coverage in 2000 about panic rooms. The film was Fincher's fifth feature film following Fight Club (1999).
 Courting Across the Court is a 1911 American silent short romantic comedy film. The film stars William Garwood.
 Caddie is an Australian film directed by Donald Crombie released in 1976 representative of the Australian film renaissance which occurred during that decade. Set mainly in Sydney during the 1920s and 1930s including the Great Depression it portrays the life of a young middle class woman struggling to raise two children after her marriage breaks up.
 Soorya Gayathri is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Anil written by John Paul and starring Mohanlal in the lead role. The film is a revenge story of a father who goes after the murderers of his son.
 Swing Vote is a 2008 comedy-drama film about an entire U.S. presidential election determined by the vote of one man. It was directed by Joshua Michael Stern and starred Kevin Costner Paula Patton Kelsey Grammer Dennis Hopper Nathan Lane Stanley Tucci George Lopez and Madeline Carroll. The film was released on August 1 2008.
 Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is a 1994 American horror film directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Robert De Niro and Branagh. The picture was produced on a budget of $45 million and is considered the most faithful film adaptation of Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein; or The Modern Prometheus.
 A Date with Your Family is a 1950 10-minute social engineering short film presented by Simmel-Meservey directed by Edward G. Simmel and written by Arthur V. Jones to primarily show youth how to act and behave with parents during dinner to have a pleasant time. The subject family consists of a father mother and their offspring the sister older brother and the younger junior.
 Swing Shift Maisie is a 1943 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod. It is the seventh in a series of ten films starring Ann Sothern as Maisie preceded by Maisie Gets Her Man and followed by Maisie Goes to Reno. Her co-stars are James Craig and Jean Rogers.
 Killer Elite is a 2011 action thriller film starring Jason Statham Clive Owen Robert De Niro Yvonne Strahovski and Dominic Purcell. The film is based on the 1991 novel The Feather Men by Sir Ranulph Fiennes and is directed by Gary McKendry.
 Video Rewind by The Rolling Stones is a compilation of video clips recorded between 1972–1984. Instead of just presenting unrelated clips and videos just strung together it uses a framing 'story' featuring Mick Jagger and Bill Wyman directed by Julien Temple and includes some video directed by Michael Lindsay-Hogg. It was first released in 1984 on the VHS Laserdisc and CED Videodisc format by Vestron home video.
 Xtro II: The Second Encounter is a 1991 horror/science fiction film.
 Lenny is a 1974 American biographical film about the comedian Lenny Bruce starring Dustin Hoffman and directed by Bob Fosse. The screenplay by Julian Barry is based on his play of the same name.
 Mr. Funnybone (我係老夫子) is a 1976 Hong Kong film directed by Kuei Chih-Hung. It features the character Old Master Q.
 Inquest is a 1931 British crime film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Campbell Gullan Mary Glynne Haddon Mason and Sidney Morgan. It was based on a play by Michael Barringer which was adapted for a film again in 1939.A widow enlists the support of a King's Counsel to help clear herself of the accusation she had murdered her husband by a suspicious coroner.
 Hurry Up or I'll Be 30 (also known as I Am Waiting No More) is a 1973 film starring John Lefkowitz Linda De Coff and Danny DeVito. The film was directed by Joseph Jacoby.This film is one of several critically acclaimed low-budget films of the 1970s. The picture had its official New York City theatrical release Presented by Joseph E.
 Vegetarian Cannibal (Croatian: Ljudožder vegetarijanac) is a 2012 Croatian drama film directed by Branko Schmidt. It was released on March 1 2012 and stars Rene Bitorajac as an immoral doctor.
 Bula Quo! is a 2013 British adventure comedy film directed by Stuart St. Paul starring Jon Lovitz Craig Fairbrass Laura Aikman and Status Quo musicians Francis Rossi and Rick Parfitt. The film is set in the Pacific island country of Fiji and tells the story of rock band Status Quo becoming involved in a local mafia operation.
 Jimmy the Boy Wonder is a 1966 children's musical film about a boy played by Dennis Jones who successfully stops time. The film is one of two children's features directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis the other being The Magic Land of Mother Goose who is better known for his gory splatter films. It was described as a glorious bomb by the Scarecrow Video Movie Guide.
 Cry of the Werewolf also known as Daughter of the Werewolf is a 1944 film starring Nina Foch based on a story by Griffin Jay and directed by Henry Levin.
 For other uses of this name see Garden of Allah.The Garden of Allah (1927) is a film directed by Rex Ingram and starring his wife actress Alice Terry. It was the second version of the Robert Hichens novel of the same name that had been filmed by the Selig company in 1916 with Helen Ware and would be filmed again in 1936 with Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer. The film was shot at a studio in Nice France and the desert exteriors were filmed in North Africa.
 Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a 2011 historical drama film based on the novel of the same name by the author Lisa See. Directed by Wayne Wang the film stars Gianna Jun Li Bingbing Archie Kao Vivian Wu and Hugh Jackman.Rupert Murdoch personally arranged for the film to be released by Fox Searchlight Pictures which opened the film in North America on July 15 2011.
 Cinematographer Style is a 2006 documentary by Jon Fauer ASC about the art of cinematography. In the film he interviews 110 leading cinematographers from around the world asking them about their influences and the origins of the style of their films. This is the first major English-language documentary on cinematography since Visions of Light (1993).
 Portrait of Jennie is a 1948 fantasy film based on the novella by Robert Nathan. The film was directed by William Dieterle and produced by David O. Selznick. It stars Jennifer Jones and Joseph Cotten.
 Padikkadha Medhai (Tamil: படிக்காத மேதை English: Uneducated Genius) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles. The film was released in 1960.
 Urge to Kill is a 1960 British B-movie serial killer film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Patrick Barr Ruth Dunning and Terence Knapp. The film is based on the novel Hughie Roddis and play Hand in Glove both by Gerald Savory.
 The Man from Chicago is a 1930 British crime film directed by Walter Summers and starring Bernard Nedell Dodo Watts Joyce Kennedy and Austin Trevor. An American gangster moves to Britain and begins to take on the British criminal underworld.
 The Dictator is a 1922 silent film comedy drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. James Cruze was the director and the star Wallace Reid. The basic story had also been filmed in 1915 with John Barrymore who had played a supporting part in the 1904 Broadway starring production of comedian William Collier. Both this film and the 1915 version are now lost.
 100000 Pounds (Greek: Εκατό χιλιάδες λίρες alternate title: Ekato hiliades lires) is a 1948 Greek film directed by Alekos Leivaditis and starring Mimis Fotopoulos Dinos Iliopoulos and Kaiti Panou. The film was produced by Mer Film which rose to the famous operator of the time Prodromos Meravides.
 Eye of God is a 1997 crime film directed by Tim Blake Nelson. It stars Mary Kay Place and Nick Stahl. Nelson won best director in the American Independent Award for the Seattle International Film Festival in 1997 and Bronze Award in the 1997 Tokyo International Film Festival. He was also nominated for the Someone to Watch Award in the 1998 Independent Spirit Awards and Grand Jury Prize at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival.
 En Rathathin Rathame English Translation: My Blood's blood is a Tamil science fiction action film. The film is the Tamil debut for actress Meenakshi Seshadri. The film is a remake of Hindi film Mr. India.
 For the Love of Rusty is a 1947 drama film directed by John Sturges. It was the third of the Rusty film series involving the adventures of German shepherd Rusty and his human companions - young Danny Mitchell (Ted Donaldson) and his pals. This film details Danny's friendship with an eccentric and itinerant veterinarian Dr. Fay (Aubrey Mather) and Danny's attempts to form a closer relationship with his father (Tom Powers).
 Dandelion Game or Blazen tot Honderd is a 1998 Dutch-Flemish film directed by Peter van Wijk.
 Unclaimed is a 2013 Canadian documentary film about a man who claims to be former Special Forces Green Beret Master Sgt. John Hartley Robertson who was declared dead after being shot down over Laos on a classified mission on 20 May 1968. The documentary is written directed and produced by Michael Jorgensen. It follows Tom Faunce a veteran of the Vietnam War in tracking down the man who claimed to be Robertson. Faunce was skeptical of Robertson's identity but eventually became convinced.
 Screwed is a 2000 American comedy film written and directed by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski. It stars Norm Macdonald Dave Chappelle Danny DeVito Elaine Stritch Daniel Benzali Sarah Silverman and Sherman Hemsley.
 East Lynne is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by actor and exhibitor Charles Hardy. It was a modern-day adaptation of the famous 1861 novel which had been filmed many times in England and the USA.It is considered a lost film.
 Dangerous Ishhq (Dangerous Love) is a 2012 Bollywood Supernatural thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Karisma Kapoor in the lead role. The filming began on 7 September 2010. The film was released on 11 May 2012 and received mostly negative reviews.
 Krishnanum Radhayum (Malayalam: കൃഷ്ണനും രാധയും) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed and produced by Santhosh Pandit. Santhosh Pandit plays the lead role in the film and also does the lyrics music fights art editing back-ground music effects singer story dialogues script costumes production designing and title graphics. The film was released in Kerala on 21 October 2011.
 Playing the Victim (Russian: Изображая жертву) is a Russian 2006 black comedy film
 Jupiter Ascending is an upcoming science fiction space opera film written produced and directed by The Wachowskis and marks their return to original screenplays and the genre of science fiction since the conclusion of The Matrix trilogy.
 The County Fair is a 1932 American drama film directed by Louis King and starring Hobart Bosworth Marion Shilling and Ralph Ince. A Kentucky Colonel and a former jockey manage to defeat a gang of criminals who hope to rig a horse race.
 The Return of the Frog is a 1938 British crime film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Gordon Harker Hartley Power and René Ray. It was a sequel to the 1937 film The Frog which was based on an Edgar Wallace novel. The police go on the hunt for the criminal known as The Frog.
 The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane is a 1976 Canadian-French film directed by Nicolas Gessner and starring Jodie Foster Martin Sheen Alexis Smith Mort Shuman and Scott Jacoby. It was written by Laird Koenig based on Koenig's 1974 novel of the same title; Koenig also wrote a stage play based on his book.
 If I Had You is a British television movie featuring Sarah Parish Poppy Miller and Paul McGann. Parish stars as the police detective Sharon Myers who moves from a big city back to her small hometown and investigates a murder. It was first broadcast on 7 May 2006 on ITV. The programme was also broadcast in the United States on BBC America on 25 July 2006.
 Døden er et kjærtegn is a 1950 Norwegian drama film starring Claus Wiese Bjørg Riiser-Larsen and Ingolf Rogde. Based on a 1948 novel by Arne Moen it was Edith Carlmar's directorial début. The film depicts the passionate and tempestuous liaison between mechanic Erik (Wiese) and society woman Sonja (Riiser-Larsen). The title in English is Death is a Caress. The film uses cinematic shorthand to convey time and place while concentrating on its protagonists' increasingly troubled relationship.
 Lampa (English: The Lamp) is one of Polish director Roman Polanski's early short films. The eight-minute piece released in 1959 has an elderly dollmaker hard at work in his shop. Once he's headed off home the film focuses on apparent whisperings amongst the miscellaneous doll-parts he's left behind. The shop then goes on to catch fire but this remains unnoticed by the passers-by.Polanski can be glimpsed in a cameo role as a passer-by outside the shop.
 Mysteries of Lisbon (Portuguese: Mistérios de Lisboa) is a 2010 Portuguese costume drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz based on an 1854 novel of the same name by Camilo Castelo Branco. The film has won 9 awards and has been nominated 8 times.
 Twist and Shout (Danish: Tro håb og kærlighed) is a 1984 Danish drama film directed by Bille August. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival where Lars Simonsen won the award for Best Actor. The film was also selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 58th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 See Angkor and Die is a 1993 Cambodian romantic drama film directed by Norodom Sihanouk.
 On/Off (stylized as ON/OFF) is a Japanese Jpop duo which consists of twin brothers Naoya Sakamoto (坂本 直弥 Sakamoto Naoya) and Kazuya Sakamoto (坂本 和弥 Sakamoto Kazuya). The duo debuted in 2007 releasing the single Eien no Setsuna (永遠の刹那 Eternal Moment).
 Decent Parties is a 2009 Malayalam-language film by Abraham Lincoln starring Jagadish.
 Skyggen (1998) is a Danish science fiction/cyberpunk/comedy-film directed by Thomas Borch Nielsen and released in Germany and the U.S. as Webmaster.It stars Danish actor Lars Bom as the cerebral machine-like hacker-turned-webmaster J.B. who performs his job while hanging upside down wearing virtual reality goggles his mind busy deep inside cyberspace.
 Anjala is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Thangam Saravanan and produced by Dhilip Subbarayan. Vimal and Nandita feature in the leading roles while Gopi Sunder composes the film's music.
 Sentenced for Life is an Australian film directed by E.J. Cole. It was an adaptation of a play performed by Cole and his Bohemian Dramatic Company.It is considered a lost film.
 Alice et Martin (US title: Alice and Martin) is a 1998 French film a psychological drama directed by André Téchiné. It stars Juliette Binoche and Alexis Loret. It is Téchiné's second collaboration with Binoche after the 1985 film Rendez-vous. The plot follows the two title characters Martin a male model and Alice a struggling violinist. Their romance is shattered when Martin's troubled past begins to haunt him.
 The Lady in Question is a 1999 American thriller television film directed by Joyce Chopra. It represents the last leading role and film for Gene Wilder and his last credit as screenwriter. As the previous Murder in a Small Town Wilder plays the amateur detective Larry Cash Carter.It was broadcast by A&E December 12 1999.
 Dimensions is a science fiction-love story film set in the 1920s and 1930s. The film was directed by Sloane U’Ren and written by Ant Neely who are a married couple. The film is U’Ren’s feature film directorial debut and is also known as Dimensions: A Line A Loop A Tangle of Threads.Dimensions premiered as part of the 2011 Cambridge Film Festival (U.K.) and outsold per screen the U.K. premieres of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (film) The Help and Midnight in Paris.
 Sur – The Melody of Life is 2002 Hindi film starring Lucky Ali and Gauri Karnik in the main leads. Its co-stars are Simone Singh Achint Kaur Ehsaan Khan Divya DuttaNitin and Harsh Vasishth.This Movie is loosely based on a 1992 Telugu Musical hit film Swati Kiranam
 Sankaku (さんかく) (Triangle) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Yoshida.
 Rangoon Radha is a Tamil film that starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles.The film was released in the year 1956.
 The Reunion is a 2012 Filipino teen romantic comedy film directed by Frasco Mortiz and stars Enchong Dee Xian Lim Enrique Gil Kean Cipriano together with Julia Montes Jessy Mendiola Megan Young Bangs Garcia and Cristine Reyes. The film was released nationwide on August 15 2012 by Star Cinema.
 Love and Other Catastrophes is a quirky 1996 Australian romantic comedy film featuring Frances O'Connor Radha Mitchell Alice Garner Matthew Dyktynski Matt Day and Kym Gyngell.
 The Second Hundred Years (aka The Second 100 Years) is a silent comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 Bianca is a 1913 silent American short film written by Hanson Durham and directed by Robert Thornby.
 Phool Bane Angaray is a 1991 film by K.C. Bokadia which starrs Rajinikanth and Rekha in the lead roles.
 Point of View is a 1965 American short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Urlaub auf Ehrenwort (variously translated as Leave on Word of Honour Holiday on Parole Furlough on Parole Leave on Parole and Pass on a Promise) is a 1938 propaganda film directed by Karl Ritter the last of three films set in the First World War which he made during the period when Nazi Germany was rearming.
 Riders of the Plains is a 1924 Western film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the Castle of the Undersea Devil (ドラえもん のび太の海底鬼岩城 Nobita no Kaitei Kiganjō) is the fourth Doraemon film released March 12 1983. The film is based on the Western myth of Atlantis the lost city.
 Grayeagle is a 1977 Western adventure film directed Charles B. Pierce written by Brad White Charles B. Pierce and Michael O. Sajbel starring Ben Johnson Iron Eyes Cody and Lana Wood. The music was composed by Jaime Mendoza-Nava. The theme is about kidnapping and interracial/cross-cultural romance.
 Nightdreams is 1981 pornographic film directed by Francis Delia and written by Jerry Stahl and Stephen Sayadian.
 Curse of Bigfoot is a 1976 American film directed by Dave Flocker.
 Java Head is a 1934 British historical drama film directed by Thorold Dickinson and J. Walter Ruben. It starred Anna May Wong Elizabeth Allan and Ralph Richardson.
 Mattie the Goose-boy (Hungarian: Lúdas Matyi) is a 1976 Hungarian animated film directed by Attila Dargay. It is based on the eponymous poem written in 1804 by Mihály Fazekas.
 Scorched Earth (Norwegian: Brent jord) is a 1969 Norwegian drama film directed by Knut Andersen. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Diploma.
 Kung Fu Master is a 1988 French drama film directed by Agnès Varda. It was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival. In the U.S. it was retitled Le Petit Amour.
 The Perils of Pauline is a 1947 American film directed by George Marshall and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Life After Sex is a 1992 film directed by Serge Rodnunsky by Rojak Films. It stars Rodnunsky Lane Lenhart Maggie Mabie Kathleen Beller and Tommy Chong.
 Private Property (French: Nue Propriété) is a French-language Belgian 2006 film by Joachim Lafosse. The film received the André Cavens Award for Best Film by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC).
 Lekhayude Maranam: Oru Flashback (Malayalam: ലേഖയുടെ മരണം ഒരു ഫ്ലാഷ് ബാക്ക് meaning The death of Lekha a flashback) is a 1983 Malayalam film by K. G. George. The movie is loosely based on the real life incident of the death of actress Shobha who committed suicide following a relationship with director Balu Mahendra.
 Dangerously They Live is a 1941 American World War II spy film directed by Robert Florey and starring John Garfield Nancy Coleman and Raymond Massey. Nazi spies try to pry information out of a British agent.
 The Fall is a 1999 thriller film written by Mike Walker and directed by Andrew Piddington.
 Butch Jamie is a gender-bending comedy film that premiered in July 2007 at Outfest: the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. Writer director and lead actress Michelle Ehlen won Outfest's Grand Jury Award for Outstanding Actress in a Feature Film. The film was produced independently through the filmmaker's production company Ballet Diesel Films.
 Milano: il clan dei calabresi (internationally released as The Last Desperate Hours) is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Giorgio Stegani.
 Clarence the Cross-Eyed Lion is a 1965 film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Marshall Thompson and Betsy Drake. The movie was shot in Miami Florida and became the basis for the television series Daktari.
 Udhavikku Varalaamaa (English: Can we come for help ?) is a 1998 Tamil language comedy film directed by Gokula Krishnan and starring Karthik Muthuraman. The film was released on 16 January 1998 to negative reviews. This was Gokula Krishna's last film as director and continued as dialogue writer before his death in 2008 and also was his last collaboration with Karthik after Poovarasan and Muthukaalai.
 Double Identity is a crime thriller film directed by Dennis Dimster-Denk and starring Val Kilmer and Izabella Miko originally titled Fake Identity. It was released in early 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray.
 Tap Roots is a 1948 period film set during the American Civil War. It is very loosely based on the true life story of Newton Knight a farm owner who attempted to secede Jones County from Mississippi.Made by Walter Wanger Productions and Universal International Pictures it was directed by George Marshall and produced by Walter Wanger from a screenplay by Alan Le May based on the 1942 novel Tap Roots by James H. Street with additional dialogue by Lionel Wiggam.
 The Man from Button Willow is a 1965 American animated Western film about the adventures of Justin Eagle the first U.S. Government Agent. It was released on 3 April 1965 in the United States.
 The Woman on the Jury is a lost 1924 silent film drama produced and released by First National Pictures and directed by Harry Hoyt. It is based on a Broadway stage play The Woman on the Jury and stars Sylvia Breamer and Bessie Love. The story was refilmed in 1929 as an early talkie under the title The Love Racket starring Dorothy Mackaill.
 Dead Men Walk is a 64 minute 1943 United States black-and-white horror film produced by Sigmund Neufeld for Producers Releasing Corporation (aka PRC). It is an original story and screenplay by Fred Myton starring George Zucco Mary Carlisle Nedrick Young and Dwight Frye directed by Sam Newfield. It was originally distributed by PRC and reissued in the USA in 1948 by Madison Pictures Inc..
 Perfumed Ball (Portuguese: Baile Perfumado) is a 1996 Brazilian film directed by Lírio Ferreira and Paulo Caldas. Starring Duda Mamberti and Luiz Carlos Vasconcelos it shows the history of how Benjamin Abrahão befriended Lampião the leader of Cangaço and filmed his crimes—a feat Brazilian army could not do. It used footages took in 1936 for Abrahão's 1959 film Lampião o Rei do Cangaço.
 Three Came Home (1950) is a post-war film made by Twentieth Century-Fox based on the memoirs of the same name by writer Agnes Newton Keith. It depicts Keith's life in North Borneo in the period immediately before the Japanese invasion in 1942 and her subsequent internment and suffering separated from her husband Harry and with a young son to care for.
 Barfuss (English: Barefoot) is a romantic comedy film by German actor and director Til Schweiger released in 2005. It tells the story of Nick (Til Schweiger) a hedonistic bachelor who helps and eventually falls in love with Leila an escaped mental patient portrayed by Johanna Wokalek. Schweiger also co-wrote the screenplay which is based on the original English screenplay and story Barefoot by American screenwriter Stephen Zotnowski.An American remake Barefoot was released in 2014.
 Super Fly T.N.T. is a 1973 film directed starring and co-written by Ron O'Neal. O'Neal reprises his role of Youngblood Priest from the smash hit blaxploitation film Super Fly. The film was released on VHS in 1998 but it has not been released on DVD. It was shot in Rome Italy and other locations. The cast includes Robert Guillaume who later became famous as Benson on the TV show of the same name.
 Khoobsurat (translation: Beautiful) is a 1999 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sanjay Chhel and produced by Rahul Sughand. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Urmila Matondkar in pivotal roles.
 Frisco Waterfront is a 1935 film.
 Beretta's Island is a film released in 1994.
 Stairwell: Trapped in the World Trade Center is a 9/11 dramatization dealing with a group of people trapped in a sub-basement of the World Trade Center in New York City after the two towers collapse. Stairwell: Trapped In The World Trade Center was written produced and directed by New York City filmmaker Jonathan M. Parisen. The film premiered in New York City on September 30 2002 at Anthology Film Archives. [1]
 Wuroemae from the Outside Part II (외계에서 온 우뢰매 2) (Thunder Hawk from Beyond Part 2) was the second in the Ureme series of Korean children's science-fiction films directed by Kim Cheong-gi and starring Shim Hyung-rae.
 Black Aura on an Angel is a 2004 thriller film written directed and produced by Faith Trimel.
 Kochaj tylko mnie is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Marta Flantz.
 In The Navy is a 1941 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. It was the second service comedy based on the peacetime draft of 1940. The comedy team appeared in two other service comedies in 1941 before the United States entered the war: Buck Privates released in January and Keep 'Em Flying released in November.
 Rainbow (Russian: Радуга; translit. Raduga) is a 1944 Soviet war film directed by Mark Donskoy and written by Wanda Wasilewska based on her novel Tecza. The film depicts life in a Nazi-occupied village in Ukraine at the beginning of World War II from the view point of the terrorized villagers.
 Perhaps Love (simplified Chinese: 如果·爱; traditional Chinese: 如果·愛; pinyin: Rúguǒ. Ài) is a 2005 film directed by Peter Chan written by Oi Wah Lam and Raymond To and choreographed by Farah Khan. It is funded by Astro Shaw and TVB and is distributed by Celestial Pictures.
 The Unprecedented Defence of the Fortress Deutschkreuz (German: Die Beispiellose Verteidigung der Festung Deutschkreuz) is a 1966 short film by Werner Herzog filmed in Deutschkreuz Austria. Herzog's official website describes the film as A satire on the state of war and peace and the absurdities it inspires.In the film four men break into an abandoned castle that was the site of a battle between the Russians and Germans during World War II.
 Voices of the City (also known as The Night Rose) is a 1921 American silent crime drama starring Leatrice Joy and Lon Chaney. It is considered lost.
 Poslední muž is a 1934 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Martin Frič and starring Hugo Haas.
 Bacon Grabbers is a 1929 silent comedy short starring Laurel and Hardy.
 Masquerade (Hangul: 광해: 왕이 된 남자; hanja: 光海: 王이 된 男子; RR: Gwanghae: Wang-i Doen Namja; lit.
 Claretta and Ben (Italian: Permettete signora che ami vostra figlia?) is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro.
 Imperfect (traditional Chinese: 我們都不完美; simplified Chinese: 我们都不完美; pinyin: wǒ men doū bù wán měi; literally: We Are All Not Perfect) is a 2012 Singapore action film directed by Steve Cheng produced by Li Nanxing and starring Liu Kai Chi Li and Chiang Tsu-ping. It was officially released in cinemas on August 30 2012 in Singapore.
 Ridin' Down the Canyon is a 1942 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Firecracker is a 2005 thriller film directed by Steve Balderson starring Karen Black and Mike Patton of Faith No More.
 Sayonara is a 1957 color (Technicolor) American film starring Marlon Brando. The picture tells the story of an American Air Force flier who was an ace fighter pilot during the Korean War.Sayonara won four Academy Awards including acting honors for co-stars Red Buttons and Miyoshi Umeki.The film's screenplay was adapted by Paul Osborn from the novel by James Michener and was produced by William Goetz and directed by Joshua Logan.
 Speak to Me of Love (French: Parlez-moi d'amour) is a 2002 French drama film written and directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Judith Godrèche Niels Arestrup and Anne Le Ny. The first feature-length motion picture directed by actress Sophie Marceau the film is about the breakup of a long-term relationship. Speak to Me of Love was filmed on location in New York City and Paris.
 Grand Canyon Trail is a 1948 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Upside Down: The Creation Records Story is a 2010 film by Document Productions which charts the story of Creation Records. Directed by Danny O'Connor the film features Alan McGee Noel Gallagher Bobby Gillespie Mark Gardener and more.
 Kiss Them for Me is a 1957 comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and released by the Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. The film an adaptation of the 1945 Broadway play of the same name features Cary Grant Jayne Mansfield Ray Walston Suzy Parker Werner Klemperer Leif Erickson and Larry Blyden.
 Cul-de-sac is a 1966 British psychological thriller directed by the Franco-Polish director Roman Polanski. It was his second film in English written by himself and Gérard Brach.The cast includes Donald Pleasence Françoise Dorléac Lionel Stander Jack MacGowran Iain Quarrier Geoffrey Sumner Renée Houston William Franklyn Trevor Delaney Marie Kean. It also features Jacqueline Bisset (credited as Jackie Bisset) in a small role in her second film appearance.
 Who Shall Live and Who Shall Die is a 1982 documentary that asks whether the United States could have stopped the Holocaust.
 Fultah Fisher's Boarding House is a silent film short and was the first film directed by Frank Capra. It was based on a poem by Rudyard Kipling.
 Flying Fifty-Five is a 1939 British sports-drama film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Derrick De Marney Nancy Burne John Warwick and Peter Gawthorne. It was made by Admiral Films at Welwyn Studios. The film is based on a 1922 novel of the same name by Edgar Wallace.
 The World of Apu originally titled Apur Sansar is a Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray. It is the third part of The Apu Trilogy about the childhood and early adulthood of a young Bengali named Apu in the early twentieth century Indian subcontinent.
 Agnisakshi (With Fire As Witness) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by Shyamaprasad based on the acclaimed novel of the same name by Lalithambika Antharjanam. The film premiered at the Soorya Festival on 14 September 1998. It stars Rajit Kapur Shobana Srividya Praveena Madhupal and Madambu Kunhukuttan. Agnisakshi received numerous accolades which led to many controversies as the film glorifies spiritualism and Hindutva.
 Dark Nature is a 2009 British thriller film written by Eddie Harrison directed by Marc de Launay and starring Niall Greig Fulton Vanya Eadie and Imogen Toner. Shot on a small budget it was filmed in the Scottish Highlands from September to October 2008 before receiving a limited cinematic showing in 2009. The film went on to be released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom and the United States in May 2010.
 Moran of the Lady Letty is a 1922 American silent adventure drama film directed by George Melford and stars Rudolph Valentino. Medford and Valentino has previously worked together on the box office hit The Sheik. in 1921. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Frank Norris and was adapted for the screen by Monte Katterjohn.
 Violette is a 2013 French biographical drama film written and directed by Martin Provost about the French novelist Violette Leduc. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Great Morgan (1945) is an American musical-comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is considered one of the more unusual in the MGM canon in that it is a compilation film built around a slight plot line with a running time of less than 60 minutes.The film was produced for overseas (i.e. non-United States) markets and features Frank Morgan (best remembered today as the Wizard in MGM's The Wizard of Oz) appearing as himself.
 On the Nameless Height (Russian: На безымянной высоте; Na bezymyannoy vysote) also known in English as On an Unnamed Hill and Unidentified Heights is a Russian-Belarusian 2004 television film in four parts set in 1944 in the Second World War.
 Fort Bliss is an upcoming American drama film directed and written by Claudia Myers a military based set on Fort Bliss. The film stars Ron Livingston Michelle Monaghan Pablo Schreiber Emmanuelle Chriqui and Dash Mihok.
 Female Convict Scorpion: Beast Stable (女囚さそり　けもの部屋 Joshū Sasori - Kemono Beya) is a film made by Toei Company in 1973. It is the third in the Female Convict Scorpion series of films following Female Convict 701: Scorpion and Female Convict Scorpion: Jailhouse 41 (both 1972). The star (Meiko Kaji) and director (Shunya Itō) of the first two films in the series were paired for the last time in the series in this sequel.
 My Friend Sainfoin (French: Mon ami Sainfoin) is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Paul-Adrien Schaye written by Bernard de Latour and starring Pierre Blanchar. The film features Louis de Funès as guide.
 Outside Out is the first full-length feature film from Phish bassist Mike Gordon. It premiered in theaters in early 2001 and starred Jimi Stout Col. Bruce Hampton Ashley Scott Shamp Gordon and others.The film revolves around the life of confused teenager Rick who begins taking guitar lessons from Hampton. Hampton's unorthodox style of teaching infuriates Rick's parents who insists he attend military school.
 The Bad Man of Brimstone is a 1937 Western film starring Wallace Beery and directed by J. Walter Ruben. Beery's brother Noah Beery Sr. appears in a supporting role as a bartender. The supporting cast also features Virginia Bruce Dennis O'Keefe Lewis Stone Bruce Cabot Guinn Big Boy Williams and John Qualen. The screenplay was written by Cyril Hume andRichard Maibaum from a story by Ruben and Maurice Rapf.
 Stranger in Our House (also released as Summer of Fear) is a 1978 American horror television film directed by Wes Craven and starring Linda Blair. It tells the story of a teenage girl who begins to suspect that her cousin may be a practitioner of black magic and witchcraft after she comes to live with their family.
 Alien: Resurrection is a 1997 American science fiction action horror film by 20th Century Fox and the fourth installment in the Alien film series. The film was directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet with a screenplay by Joss Whedon.
 5 x Deutschland is a German short film directed by Thierry Bruehl. It was released in 2007.In the form of five video clips are shown from the so-called socially disadvantaged young people. This answered the young people of Aachen Bremen Dortmund Munich and Magdeburg questions about the origins goals and perspectives.Shown at various festivals the film attracted some attention and thus achieved over 60000 spectators.
 Unrelated is a 2008 British drama film written and directed by Joanna Hogg starring Kathryn Worth Tom Hiddleston Mary Roscoe David Rintoul Emma Hiddleston and Henry Lloyd-Hughes. It was released in the US on 20 February 2008.
 I due carabinieri (The Two Carabinieri) is a 1984 Italian crime comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone.
 Helldriver (ヘルドライバー) is a 2010 Japanese splatter film directed by Yoshihiro Nishimura. It stars Yumiko Hara and Eihi Shiina and was written by Nishimura and Daichi Nagisa.
 Right Place Wrong Time is a 2008 action-comedy film directed by Michael Allen Carter starring Noah J. Smith.
 Los Olvidados (pronounced: [los olβiˈðaðos] Spanish for The Forgotten Ones) known in the U.S. as The Young and the Damned is a 1950 Mexican film directed by Luis Buñuel.Óscar Dancigers the producer asked Buñuel to direct this film after the success of the 1949 film El Gran Calavera. Buñuel already had a script ready titled ¡Mi huerfanito jefe! about a boy who sells lottery tickets.
 Camp Cucamonga (also titled: How I Spent My Summer and Lights Out) is a made-for-television movie that was first aired on NBC on September 23 1990.The family film served primarily as a vehicle to cast a variety of stars from popular TV series of the era including John Ratzenberger (Cheers) Brian Robbins (Head of the Class) Chad Allen (My Two Dads) Candace Cameron (Full House) Josh Saviano and Danica McKellar (both of The Wonder Years) Jaleel White (Family Matters) Dorothy Lyman (Mama's Family) and Sherman Hemsley (Amen). 
 Bone Dry is an American drama film from 2007. It was directed by Brett A. Hart written by Jeff O'Brien starring Luke Goss and Lance Henriksen.
 Live and In Color is a DVD that was recorded by The Reverend Horton Heat at Deep Ellum Live in Dallas Texas in November 2003.
 Blue Ice is a 1992 film directed by Russell Mulcahy that stars Michael Caine and Sean Young. It is a crime thriller involving a former spy (Caine) who is a jazz-club owner who becomes immersed again in the world of espionage and counter-intelligence.Caine plays Harry Anders who according to the credits is based on the Ted Allbeury character Tad Anders.
 Livestock is a 2009 American independent horror film directed by Christopher Di Nunzio. From a screenplay by Di Nunzio and Melanie Kotoch. Starring Fiore Leo Robert Hines Johanna Gorton Michael Reardon and features Christina C. Crawford Irina Peligrad Matt Phillion Aurora Grabill Slava Dorogapulko Leighsa Burgin Lou Fuoco Stephanie Spry Vinnie Di Nunzio.
 The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film starring Dan Aykroyd and John Candy. Annette Bening and Stephanie Faracy co-star. Robert Prosky Lucy Deakins and Lewis Arquette have supporting roles. The film was directed by Howard Deutch and written and produced by John Hughes.
 There's Always Tomorrow is an American romantic melodrama which premiered in New York City on January 20 1956. Produced by Universal Pictures it is directed by Douglas Sirk with stars Barbara Stanwyck Fred MacMurray and Joan Bennett. The screenplay based on a novel by Ursula Parrott is by Bernard C. Schoenfeld. Twenty two years earlier Universal produced a same-titled version of this story directed by Edward Sloman.
 Inside the CIA (titled American Dad: The New CIA on DVD) is a 2005 animated short film based on the television program American Dad!. It features the main cast in some shenanigans in front of Stan Smith's video camera. It was shown in theaters with Fever Pitch on April 8 2005 to promote the show. Other than the series pilot Inside the CIA is the first episode of American Dad! to be aired. In another similarity to the pilot Inside the CIA features a cutaway.
 Los Agentes secretos contra Guante Verde (English language:The Secret Agents Against Green Glove) is a 1974 Argentine drama film directed and written by Alberto Abdala and Sergio L. Mottola. The film starred Tito Alonso.
 The Client (Hangul: 의뢰인; RR: Uiroe-in) is a 2011 South Korean courtroom thriller film starring Ha Jung-woo Park Hee-soon and Jang Hyuk.
 September is a 1984 Chinese film directed by the fifth generation filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang. Though not his first film as director September is considered Tian's first major feature. The film is also known by the title In September.The film tells the story about a young teacher in the first seventeen years of the People's Republic of China who approaches the teaching of her students with a humanistic philosophy an approach which leads to problems with authorities.
 Ithuteng is a 2005 documentary film about the Ithuteng Trust School in Soweto South Africa. The film features the school's students and leader Jackie Maarohanye referred to as Mama Jackey.
 The Wandering Light (German: Das wandernde Licht) is a 1916 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Henny Porten Bruno Decarli and Theodor Becker. It was based on a short story by Ernst von Wildenbruch. A Count marries a woman who come to wrongly believe that he is mad.
 Tub Girls is a 1967 American avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol.
 Kangal Malsat (War Cry of beggars) is a Bengali political film directed by Suman Mukhopadhyay and based on the novel with same title written by Nabarun Bhattacharya. As of February 2013 the Central Board of Film Certification denied approval to the film citing distortion of history excessive use of abusive language sexuality and the portrayal of social movements in a harmful way. The film got a clearance in the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal in the first week of March 2013.
 Stolen is a 2009 mystery–thriller film directed by Anders Anderson and starring Josh Lucas Jon Hamm and Rhona Mitra.
 Woman Times Seven (Sette Volte Donna in Italian) is a 1967 Italian/French/American co-production anthology film of seven different episodes all starring Shirley MacLaine with most based on aspects of adultery.
 Super Spy is an American comedy film starring A.J. Jamal LisaRaye Reynaldo Rey Conchita Leeflang and written produced and directed by A.J. Jamal.
 Red Courage is a 1921 American Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Up Down Fragile (French: Haut bas fragile) is a 1995 French film directed by Jacques Rivette. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Wooden Horse is a 1950 British Second World War war film starring Leo Genn Anthony Steel and David Tomlinson and directed by Jack Lee. It is based on the book of the same name by Eric Williams who also wrote the screenplay.The film depicts the true events of an escape attempt made by POWs in the German POW camp Stalag Luft III.
 Grandview U.S.A. is a 1984 American comedy-drama film directed by Randal Kleiser. It stars Jamie Lee Curtis Patrick Swayze C. Thomas Howell Jennifer Jason Leigh Carole Cook Ramon Bieri John Cusack Joan Cusack M. Emmet Walsh Michael Winslow Troy Donahue and Steve Dahl. The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman.
 The Last Days of Colonel Savath is a 1995 Cambodian short film drama directed by Norodom Sihanouk.
 Vietnam Nurses is a 2005 television documentary directed by Polly Watkins. It tells the story of six Australian Army nurses who served in a field hospital in Vietnam between the years 1962 and 1972.
 Australia is Like This is a documentary about the experiences of two American soldiers in Australia during World War II until they leave for battle. It takes the form of a letter written by one of the soldiers to his family in America describing Australia.It was also known as A Letter from Australia.
 Bill Cosby: Himself is a 1983 stand-up comedy film featuring Bill Cosby. Filmed before a live audience at the Hamilton Place Theatre in Hamilton Ontario Cosby gives the audience his views ranging from marriage to parenthood. The film also showcases Cosby's trademark conversational style of stand-up comedy. For most of the performance Cosby is seated at the center of the stage only getting up to emphasize a joke.
 Joe Butterfly (1957) is an American comedy film directed by Jesse Hibbs for Universal Pictures and starring Audie Murphy George Nader Keenan Wynn and Burgess Meredith in the title role. Audie Murphy's only outright comedy the film suffered by comparison to the similar Teahouse of the August Moon released seven months earlier.
 Day-Time Wife is a 1939 Comedy directed by Gregory Ratoff starring Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell. Linda Darnell and Tyrone Power play Jane and Ken Norton a married couple approaching their second anniversary. This was Linda Darnell's second movie at the age of 16. Day-Time Wife was the first of four films that Linda Darnell and Tyrone Power made together over the next few years Brigham Young (1940) The Mark of Zorro (1940) Blood and Sand (1941).
 The Flaming Teen-Age is a 1956 film directed by Irvin Yeaworth. It stars Noel Reyburn and Ethel Barrett.
 La mort en ce jardin (Death in the Garden) is a 1956 film by director Luis Buñuel based on the novel by Jose-Andre Lacour.Amid a revolution in a South American mining outpost a band of fugitives - a roguish adventurer (Georges Marchal) a local hooker (Simone Signoret) a priest (Michel Piccoli) an aging diamond miner (Charles Vanel) and his deaf-mute daughter (Michèle Girardon) - are forced to flee for their lives into the jungle.
 Frozen Hearts is a 1923 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 Jacquou le Croquant is a 2007 French historical film based on the novel by Eugène Le Roy. Set in the Dordogne during the Bourbon Restoration it tells the story of a young peasant who leads a revolt against an evil nobleman. It was nominated for two César Awards in 2008.
 The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter is a 1980 documentary film by Connie Field about the American women who went to work during World War II to do men's jobs.
 Şalvar Davası (English: The Case of the Baggy Pants) is a 1983 Turkish film directed by Kartal Tibet and starring Müjde Ar and Şener Şen. The film a loose adaptation of the ancient Greek play Lysistrata by Aristophanes was the first starring role for Şen.
 Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over (also known as Spy Kids 3: Game Over) is a 2003 American science fantasy adventure film directed by Robert Rodriguez and the third film in the Spy Kids series. It was released in the United States on July 25 2003. The film featured the return of many cast members from the past two films although most were in minor roles and cameo appearances. A fourth film entitled Spy Kids: All the Time in the World was released on August 19 2011.
 Thaalikaatha Kaaliamman is a 2001 Tamil devotional film directed by R. Somasunder. The film features Prabhu Kausalya and Sanghavi in lead roles. The film was produced by P. Kannappan Yadav had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 16 February 2001.
 Clash of the Titans is a 2010 British-American fantasy adventure film and remake of the 1981 film of the same name (the rights to which had been acquired by Warner Bros. in 1996). The story is very loosely based on the Greek myth of Perseus. Directed by Louis Leterrier and starring Sam Worthington the film was originally set for standard release on March 26 2010. However it was later announced that the film would be converted to 3D and was released on April 2 2010.
 The Last Man on Earth (1924) is a silent comedy produced by Fox Film Corporation and loosely based on Mary Shelley's 1826 novel The Last Man .[citation needed] The film was remade as the semi-musical comedy It's Great to Be Alive (1933) and influenced the sci-fi novel Mr. Adam (1946).
 Kasal Kasali Kasalo (Wedding Together Partaker) is a 2006 Filipino romantic comedy film. It was an official entry for the 2006 Metro Manila Film Festival. It stars real-life couple Judy Ann Santos and Ryan Agoncillo.The film had a two-week gross of P139.9 million becoming the highest-grossing film of the 32nd MMFF.
 L'ombrellone or Weekend Italian Style is a 1966 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Dino Risi. It was co-produced with Spain and France. The soundtrack is full of Italian Pop songs from the 1960s.
 The Body Snatcher is a 1945 horror film directed by Robert Wise based on the short story The Body Snatcher by Robert Louis Stevenson. The film's producer Val Lewton helped adapt the story for the screen writing under the pen name of Carlos Keith. The film was marketed with the tagline The screen's last word in shock sensation! The frequent mentions of Burke Hare and Dr.
 Kallipennu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Clams and Mussels (Spanish: Almejas y mejillones) is a 2000 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Marcos Carnevale based on a story by Lito Espinosa. The film starred Leticia Brédice and Jorge Sanz
 Pulgasari is a 1985 North Korean Kaiju film directed by Shin Sang-ok and Chong Gon Jo. Director Shin had been kidnapped in 1978 by North Korean intelligence on the orders of Kim Jong-il son of the then-ruling Kim Il-sung.Kim was a lifelong admirer of the director and Godzilla and other Kaiju films and kidnapped the former director and his wife famous actress Choi Eun-hee with the specific purpose of making fantasy/propaganda films for the North Korean government.
 The Colours of My Father: A Portrait of Sam Borenstein is a 1992 short animated documentary directed by Joyce Borenstein about her father the Canadian painter Sam Borenstein. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. In Canada it was named best short documentary at the 12th Genie Awards.
 Makalkku is a 2005 Malayalam film made in India by Jayaraj and starring Suresh Gopi and Shobana.Noted Indian singer Adnan Sami performed a song in this movie which became a superhit.
 Pure Shit (censored as Pure S) is a 1975 Australian drama film directed by Bert Deling.When the film premiered at Melbourne’s Playbox in May 1976 the Vice Squad raided the theatre. It was initially banned then given an R certificate and the title was changed from Pure Shit to Pure S.The low-budget film provoked a hostile reaction from the mainstream media on its initial release. This film is now considered an underground classic.
 10:32 (film) is a 1966 Dutch film by Arthur Dreifuss. It is the debut of actress Linda van Dyck.
 The Living and the Dead is a 2006 British drama film written and directed by Simon Rumley starring Leo Bill Kate Fahy and Roger Lloyd Pack.
 Pardesi (Hindi: परदेसी; translation: foreigner) is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Kundan Kumar. The film stars Mumtaz.
 D4 (or D4 Mortal Unit) is a 2010 horror film directed and written by Darrin Dickerson. It stars Vicki Askew Ella Bell and Eric Berner.
 Eastern Plays (Bulgarian: Източни пиеси Iztochni piesi) is a 2009 Bulgarian drama film. The feature-length debut of young Bulgarian director La Fémis graduate Kamen Kalev Eastern Plays features Hristo Hristov Ovanes Torosyan Saadet Aksoy and Nikolina Yancheva. The film debuted at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival's Directors' Fortnight though regular showings in Bulgaria began on 16 October 2009.
 Sister Mary is a 2011 American comedy musical film directed and written by Scott Grenke. It stars Ant James Vallo Bruce Vilanch Judy Tenuta Sean Paul Lockhart and Shawn Quinlan.
 The Wanderer is a 1913 silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 The Grudge 2 is a 2006 American horror film and a sequel to 2004's The Grudge. This film is the second installment in Sony's The Grudge franchise and was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of the Ju-on series) and written by Stephen Susco. The film was produced by Sam Raimi and stars Sarah Michelle Gellar Amber Tamblyn Edison Chen Arielle Kebbel Matthew Knight Teresa Palmer and Takako Fuji.
 Andy is a 1965 dramatic film starring Norman Alden and written and directed by Richard C. Sarafian. It was Sarafian's first directing credit for a feature film.
 Geschichte vom armen Hassan is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 La residencia is a 1969 Spanish horror film directed by Narciso Ibáñez Serrador. The film stars Lilli Palmer as Señora Fourneau the headmistress of a French boarding school for young women.The film was released under various English titles including The House That Screamed and The Boarding School.
 Sophiatown is a 2003 documentary film. Sophiatown in the 1950s was a suburb of Johannesburg South Africa where all races mixed in defiance of apartheid. Sophiatown was famous for jazz and black gangsters heavily influenced by American film who spoke a slang called Tsotsitaal.This era is revisited by some of the artists who lived there and they call back the past in two concerts.
 Ghulam Begam Badshah is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Jambu. The film stars Shatrughan Sinha and Anil Dhawan.
 The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill is a 2003 documentary film directed produced and edited by Judy Irving. It chronicles the relationship between Mark Bittner an unemployed musician who is living rent-free in a cabin in Telegraph Hill in San Francisco California and a flock of feral parrots that he feeds and interacts with -- cherry-headed conures mainly but also two blue-crowned conures one of which is named Connor.
 Otoko wa Tsurai yo (男はつらいよ It's tough being a man) is a Japanese film series starring Kiyoshi Atsumi as Tora-san (寅さん) a kind-hearted vagabond who is always unlucky in love. The series itself is often referred to as Tora-san by its fans. Spanning 48 installments released between 1969 and 1995 all of the Otoko wa tsurai yo films except episodes 3 (Azuma Morisaki) and 4 (Shun'ichi Kobayashi) were directed by Yōji Yamada who also wrote (or co-wrote) all the screenplays.
 My Dinner with Andre is a 1981 film starring Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn written by Gregory and Shawn and directed by Louis Malle.
 Napoleon at Saint Helena (German: Napoleon auf Sankt Helena) is a 1929 German silent historical film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Werner Krauss Hanna Ralph and Albert Bassermann. The film depicts the final years of Napoleon between 1815 and 1821 during his period of exile on the British Atlantic island of Saint Helena following his defeat at Waterloo.
 VIPs is a 2010 Brazilian drama film directed by Toniko Melo based on the book VIPs - Histórias Reais de um Mentiroso by Mariana Caltabiano about Marcelo Nascimento Rocha a criminal who was famous for impersonating several people among them one of the owners of the Gol airline and one of the leaders of the PCC criminal faction.It is the first film of Toniko Melo alone in the direction.
 The Horse Whisperer is a 1998 American drama film directed by and starring Robert Redford based on the 1995 novel The Horse Whisperer by Nicholas Evans. Redford plays the title role a talented trainer with a remarkable gift for understanding horses who is hired to help an injured teenager (played by Scarlett Johansson) and her horse back to health following a tragic accident.
 The Idiot Cycle a 2009 French-Canadian documentary alleges six major chemical companies are responsible for decades of cancer causing chemicals and pollution and also develop cancer treatments and drugs. It also argues these companies own the most patents on genetically modified crops that have never been tested for long term health impacts like cancer.
 Pack Up Your Troubles is a 1932 Laurel and Hardy film directed by George Marshall and Raymond McCarey named after the World War I song Pack Up Your Troubles in Your Old Kit-Bag and smile smile smile. It is the team's second feature-length picture.
 The Truman Show is a 1998 American satirical social science fiction film directed by Peter Weir and written by Andrew Niccol. The cast includes Jim Carrey as Truman Burbank as well as Laura Linney Noah Emmerich Ed Harris and Natascha McElhone. The film chronicles the life of a man who is initially unaware that he is living in a constructed reality television show broadcast around the clock to billions of people across the globe.
 Biyer Lagna (Bengali: বিয়ের লগ্ন ) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Bangladeshi F.I. Manik.
 SMS is a 2008 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Surjulan starring Bala Navya Nair and Mukesh. It is a campus investigation film.
 Basta che non si sappia in giro is a 1976 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini Nanni Loy and Luigi Magni. The film obtained a good commercial success.
 Stepmom is a 1998 comedy-drama directed by Chris Columbus and starring Julia Roberts Susan Sarandon and Ed Harris. Sarandon won the San Diego Film Critics Society Award for Best Actress and Harris won the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor sharing the win with his role in The Truman Show.
 Children of Fate: Life and Death in a Sicilian Family is a 1993 documentary film about life in the slums of Palermo Sicily directed by Andrew Young and Susan Todd.The film is a sequel to Cortile Cascino a 1961 documentary shot by Andrew Young's father Robert M. Young which depicted the eponymous Palermo slum and told the story of Angela Capra and her family. Children of Fate picks up the story 30 years on showing Capra now separated from her husband and the fates of her children.
 Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Steve Pink and written by Josh Heald. The film stars Craig Robinson Adam Scott (replacing John Cusack) Rob Corddry Chevy Chase Gillian Jacobs and Clark Duke. It is the sequel to the 2010 film Hot Tub Time Machine. The film is scheduled to be released on December 25 2014.
 A Wicked Woman is a 1934 drama film starring Mady Christians as a woman who kills her abusive husband to protect her family and builds a new life to raise their four children. It was directed by Charles Brabin and also starred Jean Parker and Charles Bickford. It was based on the novel Wicked Woman by Anne Austin.
 Hidalgo is a 2004 film based on the legend of the American distance rider Frank Hopkins and his mustang Hidalgo and recounts Hopkins' racing his horse in Arabia in 1891 against Bedouin riding pure-blooded Arabian horses. The movie was written by John Fusco and directed by Joe Johnston. It stars Viggo Mortensen Zuleikha Robinson and Omar Sharif.
 The Pale Light of Sorrow (Romanian: Lumina palidă a durerii) is a 1981 Romanian drama film directed by Iulian Mihu. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma.
 Brahma (ಬ್ರಹ್ಮ) is a 2014 Indian Action historical drama film directed by R. Chandru and produced by Manjunath Babu. The film was simultaneously made in Kannada and Telugu and subsequently dubbed into Tamil. The film stars Upendra essaying dual roles and Pranitha Subhash in the lead roles while actors Nassar Rahul Dev and Shayaji Shinde play other prominent roles. The film spanning four generations from the 16th to the 21st century features an original soundtrack by Gurukiran.
 Histoire vraie is a 1973 French film directed by Claude Santelli.
 Belarmino is a 1964 film. It charts the life and times of ex-boxer Belarmino Fragoso. It is one of the first films of the Portuguese Cinema Novo itself part of a wave of New Cinemas sweeping the world in the 1960s and a break from the previous tradition of Portuguese cinema exemplified by the comédia à portuguesa. Lopes’s film was shown at the festivals of Pesaro and Salso-Poretta in Italy garnered favourable reviews throughout Europe and won the Prémio da Casa da Imprensa back in Portugal.
 Business and Pleasure is a 1932 American comedy film directed by David Butler starring Will Rogers and featuring Boris Karloff.
 Kurbaan (English: Sacrificed) is an Indian Bollywood movie directed by Deepak Bahry starring Salman Khan and Ayesha Jhulka.
 Frække Frida og de frygtløse spioner (English: Naughty Frida and the Fearless Spies) often shortened to simply Frække Frida is a 1994 Danish children's film written and directed by Søren Ole Christensen. Christensen based the story on a series of children's books by Lykke Nielsen.
 El Súper is a 1979 Spanish-language comedy-drama film directed by Leon Ichaso and Orlando Jiménez Leal based on a stage play by Iván Acosta. The film is a look at life in the U.S. from the perspective of frustrated Cuban exiles.
 Undercover X is a 2001 action-adventure film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw.This feature was filmed in Hollywood California Seoul South Korea Tokyo and Kamakura Japan.
 Die Zombiejäger is a Swedish exploitation film from 2005. A prequel called Dragonetti: The Ruthless Contract Killer was released in 2010.
 Gayniggers from Outer Space is a 1992 short film directed by Danish filmmaker Morten Lindberg. The movie is a satire of the blaxploitation and science fiction genre.
 Live from the Dark is a DVD released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. The main feature is a concert filmed at the Hammersmith Apollo in London England on November 15 2004.A bonus disc with extra material is included and there is a Special Edition version of this DVD which also contains the CD Start from the Dark.
 Aasheervaadam is a 1977 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by I. V. Sasi starring Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in lead roles.
 The Sister-in-Law is a 1974 film written and directed by Joseph Ruben. The film was his directorial debut and was shot in New York City. The film received an R rating from the MPAA.
 Drunk Driving is a 1939 American short drama film directed by David Miller. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 12th Academy Awards in 1940 for Best Live Action Short Film Two-Reel.
 Finale is a 2009 horror film directed by John Michael Elfers and starring Carolyn von Hauck.
 And Now the Screaming Starts! is a 1973 British gothic horror film. It is one of the few feature-length horror stories by Amicus a company best known for anthology or portmanteau films.The screenplay written by Roger Marshall is based on the novel Fengriffen by David Case. It stars Peter Cushing Herbert Lom Patrick Magee Stephanie Beacham and Ian Ogilvy and was directed by Roy Ward Baker.
 Aakasa Ramanna (Telugu: ఆకాశ రామన్న) is a 2010 Telugu-language comedy film. It is a remake of a Hollywood movie by G. Ashok produced by Manyam Ramesh under Manyam Entertainments banner and starring Allari Naresh Sivaji Rajiv Kanakala Meera Jasmine Gowri Pandit in lead roles. The film soundtrack was composed popular music director Chakri and Cinematography was handled by Sai Sriram. Dialogues for the film were written by Chandrashekar Gundimeda. Screenplay was also handled also by G. Ashok.
 Da is a 1988 film directed by Matt Clark produced by Julie Corman and starring Martin Sheen Barnard Hughes reprising his Tony Award-winning Broadway performance and William Hickey. The screenplay was written by Irish playwright and journalist Hugh Leonard who adapted it from his play Da with additional material from his autobiographical book Home Before Night.
 Chokka Thangam is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003.
 United 93 is a 2006 drama film written co-produced and directed by Paul Greengrass that chronicles events aboard United Airlines Flight 93 which was hijacked during the September 11 attacks of 2001. The film attempts to recount with as much veracity as possible (there is a disclaimer that some imagination had to be used) and in real time (from the flight's takeoff) what has come to be known in the United States as an iconic moment.
 The Day a Pig Fell Into the Well (돼지가 우물에 빠진 날 Daijiga umule pajinnal) is a 1996 Korean drama film and the directorial debut of Hong Sang-soo. It stars Bang Eun-hee Cho Eun-sook Park Jin-song Lee Eung-kyung and Kim Eui-sung. It was also the feature film debut of Song Kang-ho. The title derives from a 1954 book by John Cheever.Hong earned the Best Director award at the Korean Blue Dragon Film Awards for his work as well as awards at Rotterdam and Vancouver.
 Forward Comrades (Russian: Вперед товарищи; Chinese: 前进，达瓦里希; pinyin: Qiánjìn dáwǎlǐxī; literally Advance tovarish) is a 2013 Chinese animated short film by Wang Liyin of the Beijing Film Academy. The film focuses on the fall of the Soviet Union as its main theme told from the perspective of a young girl. As an original net animation with a strong political backdrop the film has triggered strong reactions from various audiences.
 Cheers to Those Who Stay is a 2010 Lebanese short film by Cyril Aris and Mounia Akl.
 The Experience (Persian: تجربه‎ Tajrobe) is a 1973 Iranian short feature film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 Doppelgänger is a 1969 British science-fiction film directed by Robert Parrish and starring Roy Thinnes Ian Hendry Lynn Loring and Patrick Wymark. Outside Europe it is known as Journey to the Far Side of the Sun which is now the more popular title. In the film a joint European-NASA mission to investigate a planet in a position parallel to Earth behind the Sun ends in disaster with the death of one of the astronauts (Hendry).
 Moving is a 1988 American comedy film starring Richard Pryor as Arlo Pear a father moving his family cross-country.Other notable appearances in the film include Randy Quaid as an annoying neighbor Dana Carvey as a man with multiple personalities hired to drive Pryor's car musician Morris Day and WWF wrestler King Kong Bundy as a monstrous mover. The movie is also the film debut of Stacey Dash as Arlo's daughter Casey.
 Nashville is a 1975 American musical drama film directed by Robert Altman. A winner of numerous awards and selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry Nashville is generally considered to be one of Altman's best films.The film takes a snapshot of people involved in the country music and gospel music businesses in Nashville Tennessee. It has 24 main characters an hour of musical numbers and multiple storylines.
 Leave Me Alone (Chinese: 阿孖有難 also Ah ma yau nan) is a 2004 Hong Kong thriller film directed and co-written by Danny Pang. It stars Ekin Cheng in a dual role.
 Kauravar (Malayalam: കൗരവര്‍) is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Joshiy written by Lohithadas and starring Mammootty Vishnuvardhan Thilakan Murali Anju Babu Antony and Bheeman Raghu.The film was remade into Kannada in 2001 by the title Devasura and starring Devraj and B. C. Patil.
 Chimera is a British horror/science-fiction television miniseries made by Anglia Television for ITV in 1991. It is based on the novel of the same name about genetic engineering by Stephen Gallagher which was published in 1982. The series was later re-edited for release in the United States and retitled Monkey Boy.
 Slave Widow (奴隷未亡人 Dorei mibōjin) is a 1967 Japanese Pink film directed by Mamoru Watanabe and starring Noriko Tatsumi. Along with the first Queen of Japanese soft-core pornography the film's cast includes Mari Imai and an early appearance by Naomi Tani two other major stars of pink film.
 Lethal Weapon 3 is a 1992 American buddy cop action film directed and produced by Richard Donner and starring Mel Gibson Danny Glover Joe Pesci Rene Russo and Stuart Wilson. It is the third film in the Lethal Weapon seriesIn the film which is set three years after Lethal Weapon 2 (1989) Martin Riggs (Gibson) and Roger Murtaugh (Glover) pursue Jack Travis (Stuart Wilson) a former L.A.P.D. lieutenant turned ruthless arms dealer during the six days prior to Murtaugh's retirement.
 Last Frontier Uprising is a 1947 western film directed by Lesley Selander for Republic Pictures and starring Monte Hale and Adrian Booth.
 Aa Gale Lag Jaa (Hindi: आ गले लग जा) is 1994 Hindi language movie directed by Hamid Ali Khan and starring Jugal Hansraj Urmila Matondkar Paresh Rawal Ashok Saraf Ranjeet Reema Lagoo Raza Murad Arjun and Gulshan Grover.The film marked the first leading role for Jugal Hansraj who had previously played a child artist in several films in the 1980s. Coincidentally he was paired with Urmila Matondkar who had played his sister in his debut film Masoom (1983).
 The Devil Is a Woman (Spanish: Doña Diabla) is a 1950 Mexican drama film directed by Tito Davison. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Onmyouji 2 (陰陽師II) is a 2003 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Yojiro Takita.
 Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life of model Gia Marie Carangi starring Angelina Jolie Faye Dunaway Mercedes Ruehl and Elizabeth Mitchell. It was directed by Michael Cristofer and written by Cristofer and Jay McInerney. The original music score was composed by Terence Blanchard.
 Into the Fire is a 2005 Independent drama film from first-time director Michael Phelan that stars Sean Patrick Flanery JoBeth Williams and Melina Kanakaredes.
 Snoopy Come Home! is a 1972 animated musical film released by National General Pictures produced by Cinema Center Films and Lee Mendelson Films directed by Bill Meléndez and based on the Peanuts comic strip. The film marks the on-screen debut of Woodstock who had first appeared in the strip in 1966 and was the final production of Cinema Center Films.The film was first broadcast on television Friday November 5 1976 as a CBS Special Film Presentation.
 Forest Chainsaw Massacre is a 2005 animated short film.
 Border River is a 1954 American western film directed by George Sherman and released by Universal-International. It stars Joel McCrea Yvonne De Carlo and Pedro Armendáriz. It was filmed on location in Moab Utah in three-strip Technicolor.
 Edge of Doom is a 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Mark Robson and starring Dana Andrews Farley Granger and Joan Evans.
 My Son the Hero (Italian title: Arrivano i titani) is a 1962 Italian mythological sword-and-sandal comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Giuliano Gemma Jacqueline Sassard Pedro Armendáriz Antonella Lualdi and Serge Nubret.
 Private is a 2004 film directed by Saverio Costanzo. A debut film by the director the film is a minimalist psychological drama about a Palestinian family of seven suddenly confronted with a volatile situation in their home that in many ways reflects the larger ongoing conflict between Palestinians and Israel.
 Double Dhamaal (also known as Dhamaal 2) (meaning 'Double Enjoyment') is a Bollywood comedy film and a sequel to the 2007 hit film Dhamaal. The film is directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria. It features the lead roles from the original with Mallika Sherawat and Kangna Ranaut as new additions. The theatrical trailer of the film was revealed on 20 May 2011 along with the film Haunted.
 The Recipe (Hangul: 된장; RR: Doenjang; literally Soybean paste) is a 2010 South Korean film about a television producer who finds out many surprising truths while tracking down the story about a mysterious bean paste stew. Behind the captivating taste lies a woman’s unfortunate life and love story.
 They Bite is a 1996 American science fiction/horror film directed by Brett Piper. The film stars Ron Jeremy Nick Baldasare Donna Frotscher and Christina Veronica.The film follows some of the premise covered in the Roger Corman film Humanoids from the Deep – sea creatures coming to shore and attacking and mating with humans but also contains the idea of a film-within-a-film device.
 Son of the Pink Panther (1993) is the ninth entry in the 30-year-old The Pink Panther film series. Directed by Blake Edwards it stars Roberto Benigni as Inspector Clouseau's illegitimate son. Also in this film are Panther regulars Herbert Lom Burt Kwouk and Graham Stark and a star of the original 1963 film Claudia Cardinale. It was the final film for both writer-director Blake Edwards and composer Henry Mancini; Edwards retired from movie making and Mancini died the following year.
 Little Children is a 2006 American drama film directed by Todd Field. It is based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta who along with Field wrote the screenplay. It stars Kate Winslet Patrick Wilson Jennifer Connelly Jackie Earle Haley Noah Emmerich Gregg Edelman Phyllis Somerville and Will Lyman. The original music score is composed by Thomas Newman. The film premiered at the 44th New York Film Festival organized by the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
 7G Rainbow Colony is a 2004 Tamil drama film written and directed by Selvaraghavan starring Ravi Krishna who debuted in this film and Sonia Agarwal in lead roles with music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography handled by Arvind Krishna. The film released on 15 October 2004 met with critical acclaim and commercial success upon release.
 The Alamo is a 1960 American historical epic film about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo directed by John Wayne and starring Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie and Laurence Harvey as William B. Travis and the supporting cast features Frankie Avalon Chill Wills Patrick Wayne Linda Cristal Joseph Calleia Ruben Padilla Richard Boone as Sam Houston Ken Curtis Hank Worden and Denver Pyle. The movie was photographed in 70 mm Todd-AO by William H.
 Bandhan is a 1940 Indian Bollywood film directed by N.R. Acharya. It stars Leela Chitnis Ashok Kumar and Suresh. It was the second highest grossing Indian film of 1940. It was produced by Bombay Talkies.
 Karunguyil Kundram is a 1989 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Rajasekhar for Cinema South Productions. The film stars Charan Raj Saranya Ponvannan and Pandiyan in the lead roles.
 Sister (French: L'Enfant d'en haut) is a 2012 Swiss drama film directed by Ursula Meier. The film competed in competition at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Special Award the Silver Bear.The film has been selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards making the January shortlist.
 Doraemon: Nobita's Genesis Diary (のび太の創世日記 Doraemon: Nobita no Sousei nikki) is a feature-length Doraemon film which premiered on March 4 1995.
 Rugma is a 1983 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by P. G. Viswambharan starring Mammootty Menaka Seema and Venu Nagavally in lead roles.
 Fool's Gold is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Laurence Trimble. A copy of the film survives in the National Film and Television Archive.
 Sunday Punch is a 1942 film directed by David Miller and starring William Lundigan and Jean Rogers.Sunday Punch is also the title of a 2010 short film directed by Dennis Hauck starring Dichen Lachman Sam Levine and David Yow.
 You're My Pet (Hangul: 너는 펫; RR: Neoneun Pet) is a 2011 South Korean romantic comedy film based on the manga of the same name You're My Pet by Yayoi Ogawa. It co-stars Kim Ha-neul and Jang Keun-suk and directed by Kim Byeong-kon. It is released on 10 November 2011 by Lotte and ran at 110 minutes.
 The Circle (Persian: دایره‎ translit. Dayereh) is a 2000 drama film by Iranian independent filmmaker Jafar Panahi that criticizes the treatment of women in Iran. The film has won several awards including the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival in 2000 but it is banned in Iran.
 This Mechanical Age is a 1954 American short documentary film about the early days of aviation produced by Robert Youngson. It won an Academy Award in 1955 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Josh is a 2009 Telugu film that marked the debut of Naga Chaitanya and Karthika in the lead roles whilst prominent actor J. D. Chakravarthy plays a pivotal role. Directed by Vasu Varma and produced by noted producer Dil Raju. An initial date of 3 September for release was delayed due to the death of Andhra Pradesh's Chief Minister Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy. It was eventually released two days later.
 Un Novio para Laura is a 1955 Argentine film.
 Backlash is a 1986 Australian film directed by Bill Bennett.
 Zora the Vampire (Italian: Zora la Vampira) is a 2000 Italian horror-comedy film written and directed by Manetti Bros. It is loosely based on the eponymous comic character.
 Acting Class (Hangul: 배우수업; RR: Baewoo Sooeob) is an upcoming South Korean comedy film about an extra who to pay back the debt accumulated by his father's stroke tricks a wealthy conglomerate family into thinking he is their long-lost developmentally disabled son. Yoon Kye-sang was originally cast in the lead role but pulled out after the film encountered pre-production delays.
 The Children Pay is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Lillian Gish.
 Nýtt Líf (About this sound pronunciation ) is a film directed by Þráinn Bertelsson and released in 1983. The film is a comedy shot in the Westman Islands and stars Eggert Þorleifsson and Karl Ágúst Úlfsson among others. The music features several musicians including the band Tappi Tíkarrass (of which Björk was a member) which contributed the songs Sperglar and Kukl (a.k.a. Seiður).
 Esa pareja feliz is a Spanish comedy film co-written and co-directed by Juan Antonio Bardem and Luis García Berlanga. It was their feature film debut. The film was made in 1951 but not released until 1953.
 Music for the Movies: Bernard Herrmann is a 1992 documentary film directed by Joshua Waletzky. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novella Devdas. This is the third Hindi version and the first film version of the story in Hindi done in colour. The film follows Devdas (Shahrukh Khan) a wealthy law graduate who returns from his studies in London to marry his childhood sweetheart Paro (Aishwarya Rai).
 The Last Starfighter is a 1984 science fiction adventure film directed by Nick Castle. The film tells the story of Alex Rogan (Lance Guest) an average teenage boy recruited by an alien defense force to fight in an interstellar war. It also featured Robert Preston Dan O'Herlihy Catherine Mary Stewart Norman Snow and Kay E.
 Under the Palms or Unter den Palmen is a 1999 Dutch drama film directed by Miriam Kruishoop.
 Svet na kajžarju is a 1952 Slovene film directed by France Štiglic. It is based on a novel by Ivan Potrč and is set in Haloze in the Slovene countryside in the years immediately after the Second World War.
 Cassiopeia is a Brazilian CGI animated feature film produced and released by NDR Filmes in Brazil on April 1 1996. The film is an adventure about the invasion of planet Ateneia by intruders trying to steal their energy. Cassiopeia is the very first 100% CGI film of the world.
 Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story is a 43-minute film about the life of Karen Carpenter. It was directed by Todd Haynes and released in 1987. It was withdrawn from circulation in 1990 after Haynes lost a copyright infringement lawsuit filed by Karen's brother and musical collaborator Richard Carpenter.
 Uninvited is a 1999 Italian thriller film directed by Carlo Gabriel Nero. It stars Nero's parents Vanessa Redgrave and Franco Nero. It premiered at the Mar del Plata Film Festival in Argentina on 26 November 1999 before its release in Italy on 19 May 2000. Carlo later collaborated with his mother in 2004 directing her in the HBO film The Fever.
 Mockingbird Don't Sing is a 2001 American independent film based on the true story of Genie a modern-day feral child. The film is told from the point of view of Dr. Susan Curtiss (whose fictitious name is Sandra Tannen) a professor of linguistics at University of California Los Angeles. Although the film is based on a true story all of the names are fictitious for legal reasons (e.g. the name Genie has been changed to Katie). The film was released to US theaters on May 4 2001.
 Gypped in the Penthouse is the 161st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Behind Stone Walls is a 1932 American film directed by Frank R. Strayer.
 Orkestar bez ime (Bulgarian language: Оркестър без име English language: A Band With No Name) is a comedy movie released in Bulgaria in 1982. It was directed by Lyudmil Kirkov and written by Stanislav Stratiev. The movie describes the life of the young generation in Bulgaria in the late seventies and early eighties. It is about dreams and reality friendship love… and something more (the favorite expression of Reni in the movie).
 A Woman of Affairs is a 1928 drama film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Greta Garbo John Gilbert Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Lewis Stone.
 Evano Oruvan (Tamil: எவனோ ஒருவன்) (English: Some One) is a 2007 Tamil drama film directed by Nishikanth Kamat who made his debut in the Tamil film industry with the film. It is a remake of Kamat's acclaimed Marathi film Dombivli Fast which itself was heavily influenced by the Michael Douglas starrer 1993 Hollywood film Falling Down. It stars Madhavan and Sangeetha in the lead roles with director Seeman acting in a pivotal role. The film's music is composed by P.
 Final Justice is a 1988 Hong Kong crime film directed by Parkman Wong and starring Danny Lee (also producer) and Stephen Chow. Final Justice is Chow's debut film debut playing in a dramatic role which netted him the Golden Horse Awards for Best Supporting Actor. Chow would later go on to be the top comedy superstar in Hong Kong.
 The River is a 1929 drama film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Charles Farrell and Mary Duncan. Much of the film has been lost. A reconstructed version using still images and explanatory titlecards to bridge the missing scenes was produced by the Munich Filmmuseum in collaboration with the cinémathèques of Switzerland and Luxembourg. This version was screened in 2006 by the American Museum of the Moving Image in New York City.
 Pattanathil Bhootham (Tamil: பட்டணத்தில் பூதம்; English: Genie in the city) is a 1967 Indian Tamil fantasy film directed by M. V. Raman and shot in Eastman Colour. The plot is a straightforward adaptation of 1964 film The Brass Bottle with a romantic comedy twist written by 'Javart' Seetharaman. The film stars Jaishankar K. R. Vijaya and Nagesh in the lead roles while Seetharaman himself played the genie.
 Attention bandits! is a 1986 film directed by Claude Lelouch.
 Meishi Street directed by Ou Ning is a 2006 independent Chinese documentary that portrays a group of Beijing residents protesting the planned destruction of their street prior to the 2008 Beijing Olympics. The filmmakers gave video cameras to the subjects and they capture exclusive footage of the eviction process.
 Pallavur Devanarayanan is a 1999 Malayalam drama film written by late Gireesh Puthenchery and directed by V. M. Vinu in which Mammootty plays the lead role Pallavur Devanarayanan. The music for the film was composed by maestro Raveendran Master and lyrics penned by Gireesh Puthenchery. One of the songs was sung by Mammootty himself.
 The Shaggy Dog is a 2006 comedy film by Walt Disney Pictures.It is the second remake of the 1959 film of the same name which was first remade as a television film in 1994.Both the 1959 and 1994 features as well as the 1976 theatrical sequel and the 1987 television sequel had a character named Wilby Daniels transforming into an Old English Sheepdog whereas this remake presents a character named Dave Douglas transforming into a Bearded Collie.
 Crocodile is a 1996 South Korean film. It was the directorial debut of Ki-duk Kim and stars Cho Jae-hyun as Crocodile.The film tells the story of a man living at the edge of the Han River in Seoul who saves a woman trying to commit suicide. He then proceeds to rape and abuse her until an odd relationship develops between them.
 Emmanuelle 4 is the fourth official theatrical feature film in the Emmanuelle franchise. Sylvia Kristel returns in this strange blend of sci-fi and erotic romance playing herself and handing over the role of Emmanuelle to Mia Nygren.
 La Mary is a 1974 Argentine cult film directed by Daniel Tinayre and starring Susana Giménez and Carlos Monzón. Monzón was a boxer not a professional actor and his poor speech skills forced producers to hire a professional actor Luis Medina Castro to dub Monzón's lines.
 Gray's Anatomy is an 80-minute film directed by Steven Soderbergh in 1996 involving a dramatized monologue by actor/writer Spalding Gray. The title is taken from the classic human anatomy textbook Gray's Anatomy originally written by Henry Gray in 1858. The monologist film is about Spalding Gray the main character who is diagnosed with a rare ocular condition called Macular pucker.
 Denise Calls Up is an American comedy released by Sony Pictures Classics in 1996. Written and directed by Hal Salwen it has an ensemble cast which includes Liev Schreiber Timothy Daly and Alanna Ubach. The plot revolves around a group of friends in New York City who while working at their PCs and laptops and keeping in touch by phone and fax never seem to be able to get together.
 Lovers is a 1999 French drama film directed by Jean-Marc Barr. It was the fifth film to be made under the self-imposed rules of the Dogme 95 manifesto.
 Nikki Wild Dog of the North is the title character and a 1961 Walt Disney film directed by Jack Couffer and Don Haldane.This story based on the novel Nomads of the North by James Oliver Curwood is about the adventures of a malamute dog named Nikki. Nikki and his kind master Andre Dupas are traveling via canoe through the Canadian Rockies. When Nikki encounters Neewa a bear cub that's lost its mother Andre ties the two animals together plops them in the canoe and heads for the rapids.
 Maybe I Should Have is an Icelandic documentary film by Gunnar Sigurðsson about the causes and effects of the 2008–2012 Icelandic financial crisis.The film touches on a variety of subjects including finance corruption cronyism nepotism the privatisation of the Icelandic banking system tax havens connections between politics and business the Kitchenware Revolution the Citizens' movement and how the Icelandic government reacted to warning signs leading up to the collapse of the banking system in 2008.People who are interviewed include Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson William K. 
 Take Me Back to Oklahoma is a 1940 American film directed by Albert Herman.
 Vaidhegi Kaathirundhaal (English: Vaidehi waited) is a 1984 Indian Tamil language film written and directed by R. Sundarrajan starring Vijayakanth Revathi Parimalam Goundamani and Senthil. The film was successful and was considered one of the master pieces of R. Sundarrajan. The film was remade in Telugu as Manchi Manasulu and in Kannada as Preethi Nee Illade Naa Hegirali
 Recuerdos de un ángel is a 1948 Argentine film.
 Walhalla is a 1995 Belgian and Dutch thriller film directed by Eddy Terstall.
 Mungaru Male (English: Pre Monsoon Rain) is a 2006 Kannada language movie directed by Yograj Bhat and produced by E Krishnappa. The film stars Ganesh Pooja Gandhi Anant Nag Padmaja Rao in lead roles.
 Madata Kaja (Telugu: మడత కాజా) is a 2011 Telugu-language comedy film written and directed by Seetaramaraju Dantuluri produced by Vedarajuu Timber under Timbuu Productions and Sri Ranjith Movies banners and starring Allari Naresh and Sneha Ullal in lead roles. The film soundtrack was composed by Sri Vasant and Cinematography was handled by Adusumilli Vijay Kumar.
 Future X-Cops (Mei loi ging chaat 未來警察) is a 2010 science fiction action film directed by Wong Jing. The film is about terrorists Kalong (Louis Fan) and Feina (Tang Yifei) who travel back in time to attempt to assassinate Professor Ma (Ma Jingwu). The two are chased by the cyborg cop Zhou Zhihao (Andy Lau) who has also traveled back in time to stop them. The film was delayed in post-production to work on the special effects.
 Lying Eyes is a 1996 television film starring Cassidy Rae Vincent Irizarry Allison Smith and Jamie Rose. It was directed by Marina Sargenti. The film first aired on the National Broadcasting Company network on 9 December 1996.
 Le Havre is a 2011 comedy-drama film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki starring André Wilms Kati Outinen Jean-Pierre Darroussin and Blondin Miguel. It tells the story of a shoeshiner who tries to save an immigrant child in the French port city Le Havre. The film was produced by Kaurismäki's Finnish company Sputnik with international co-producers in France and Germany.
 Life's Whirlpool (1917) is a silent film written and directed by Lionel Barrymore with his sister Ethel Barrymore as the star. This is the brother and sister's only collaboration on a silent film as director and star. This film shouldn't be confused with McTeague which was also known as Life's a Whirlpool an early telling of Frank Norris's McTeague later filmed by Eric von Stroheim as Greed (1923). The Lionel Barrymore directed film was produced by B. A.
 Parisette is a 1921 French drama film serial directed by Louis Feuillade.
 The Ghost Breaker was a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and Oscar C. Apfel and based on the Broadway play of the same name by Paul Dickey and Charles W. Goddard. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures under the Famous Players-Lasky banner.The Ghost Breaker considered widely to be the first film of a long line based on the genre of haunted house horror.
 Rowthiram (Tamil: ரௌத்திரம் Rauttiram ?; English: Fury from Sanskrit Raudra etymologically from Rudra) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by newcomer Gokul. Produced by R. B. Choudary the film stars his son Jiiva and Shriya Saran in lead roles with Jayaprakash and Ganesh Acharya appearing in supporting roles. It released on August 12 2011. It is dubbed into Telugu as Roudram and in Hindi as Nirbhay The Fighter.
 Phantom Lady is a 1944 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak his first Hollywood noir. It was also a first for producer Joan Harrison Universal Pictures' first female executive who was Alfred Hitchcock's former screenwriter. The film was based on the novel of the same name (which was published under the pseudonym William Irish).
 Dan in Real Life is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Hedges starring Steve Carell and Juliette Binoche.
 Josh Jarman is a 2004 Australian comedy film directed by Pip Mushin and starring Marcus Graham. Filming took place around Melbourne Australia.
 La Garce is a 1984 French thriller film directed by Christine Pascal and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Bernard and Doris is a 2006 film directed by Bob Balaban. The teleplay by Hugh Costello is a semi-fictionalized account of the relationship that developed between socialite heiress and philanthropist Doris Duke and her self-destructive Irish employee Bernard Lafferty later in her life.The film premiered at the Hamptons International Film Festival on October 17 2007 and was broadcast by HBO on February 9 2008. It has been released on DVD.
 Delwende is a 2005 Burkinabé drama film directed by S. Pierre Yameogo. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Prize of Hope award.
 Strike It Rich is a 1990 Miramax romantic comedy motion picture starring Robert Lindsay and Molly Ringwald. Others in the cast include John Gielgud.It was directed by James Scott who also adapted the screenplay based on the novel Loser Takes All by Graham Greene. MPAA rating: PG
 The Fists of Vengeance is a 1972 Hong Kong film. It was produced under the Shaw Studios banner.
 Dulha Mil Gaya (Hindi: दुल्हा मिल गया English: Found a Groom) is a 2010 Bollywood romance film directed by Mudassar Aziz. It stars Sushmita Sen Ishita Sharma and Fardeen Khan in the lead roles whilst Shahrukh Khan makes an extended appearance. The film was released on January 8 2010 and was one of the first Bollywood releases of 2010 (the other being Pyaar Impossible which released on the same day). Dulha Mil Gaya was panned by critics.
 Fešák Hubert is a Czech comedy film directed by Ivo Novák. It was released in 1984.
 You Belong to Me is a film adaptation of the novel written by Mary Higgins Clark. Lesley-Anne Down and Tony DeSantis star in the film. The film is directed by Paolo Barzman.
 My Best Fiend (German: Mein liebster Feind - Klaus Kinski literally My Dearest Enemy - Klaus Kinski) is a 1999 documentary film by Werner Herzog about his tumultuous yet productive relationship with German actor Klaus Kinski. It was released on DVD in 2000 by Anchor Bay.
 A Life in the Death of Joe Meek is an independent American documentary about the British record producer Joe Meek made by Howard S. Berger and Susan Stahman.Joe Meek was one of Britain's premier independent record producers of the late fifties and early sixties renowned for his pioneering recording techniques and for the futuristic sound of the records he produced but notorious for his eccentric personality.
 God of Gamblers III: Back to Shanghai (simplified Chinese: 赌侠2之上海滩赌圣; traditional Chinese: 賭俠2之上海灘賭聖; pinyin: Dǔxiá èr Shànghǎi tān Dǔshèng; lit. Knight of Gamblers II: Shanghai Beach's Saint of Gamblers) is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film a sequel to the film God of Gamblers II. The film is directed by Wong Jing and stars Stephen Chow and Ng Man Tat. The film does not feature the Knight of Gamblers or the God of Gamblers. God of Gamblers III continues the story of the Saint of Gamblers (Chow).
 Pride is an upcoming British drama film directed by Matthew Warchus. It has been selected to be screened as part of the Directors' Fortnight section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hoje is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Tata Amaral based on the book Prova Contrária by Fernando Bonassi. The film was the winner of the 44th Festival de Brasília in 2011.Starring Denise Fraga the film tells the story of Vera a woman who fought against the military dictatorship in Brazil and began to receive a compensation from the Government for the disappearance of her husband at the time of the crackdown.
 Shadow of Egypt is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Carlyle Blackwell Alma Taylor and Milton Rosmer. A European adventurer tries to steal from an ancient Egyptian tomb only to become afflicted by a myserious curse.The film was shot on location around Cairo in Egypt.
 Magnificent Warriors (pinyin: Zhong hua zhan shi) is a 1987 Hong Kong martial arts action adventure film directed by David Chung and starring Michelle Yeoh Tung-shing Yee Richard Ng Yiu-hon and Hwang Jang Lee.
 Dreaming Lhasa (Tibetan: ལྷ་སའི་མི་ལམ། Wylie: lha-sa'i mi-lam) is the 2005 Tibetan language debut feature film of veteran documentary filmmakers Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam who have been making films about various aspects of Tibet under the banner of White Crane Films since 1990.
 Blindness is a 2008 English-language film that is an adaptation of the 1995 novel Blindness by the Portuguese writer José Saramago about a society suffering an epidemic of blindness. The film was written by Don McKellar and directed by Fernando Meirelles with Julianne Moore and Mark Ruffalo as the main characters.
 Mr. Average (French: Comme tout le monde) is a 2006 Belgian comedy film directed by Pierre-Paul Renders. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 La Clase (English: The [Social] Class) is a 2007 Venezuelan film that was produced by Venezuela's state-owned Villa del Cine and directed by José Antonio Varela. It is based on the novel of the same name by Farruco Sesto.La Clase is a romantic drama which contrasts the way of life between the upper and working classes and one of the most well known projects produced by Villa del Cine.
 L'ingenua is a 1975 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana and road movie directed by Gianfranco Baldanello. The film featured Ilona Staller in her first lead role and shared an almost identical essential cast and filming locations with the earlier Armando Bertuccioli film La nipote.
 Madhosh is a 1951 Bollywood film.
 The Squeaker (German: Der Zinker Czech: Udavač) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Martin Frič and Karel Lamač.
 Crazy Women (Spanish: Las locas) is a 1977 Argentine drama film written by José P. Dominiani and directed by Enrique Carreras. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival where Mercedes Carreras won the award for Best Actress.
 Pianomania is a 2009 German-Austrian documentary film by directors Lilian Franck and Robert Cibis. The film presents Stefan Knüpfer a virtuoso piano tuner from the piano company Steinway & Sons in his work with pianists such as Lang Lang Alfred Brendel and Pierre-Laurent Aimard.
 Caged (French: Captifs) is a 2010 French horror film directed and co-written by Yann Gozlan. The film is about a woman named Carole who is traumatized after seeing her friend Laura being killed by a dog twenty years ago.
 Get Smart Again! is a made-for-TV movie based on the 1965-1970 NBC/CBS television series Get Smart! which originally aired February 26 1989 on ABC (the network that rejected the original pilot for the Get Smart! TV series). It has subsequently been released twice on DVD by different publishers. In the video release of the movie the laugh track is absent.[citation needed]
 Lotta flyttar hemifrån is a 1993 Swedish film directed by Johanna Hald. It's the 2nd film based on the books about Lotta på Bråkmakargatan written by Astrid Lindgren.
 Tenshi no Yokubō (天使の欲望) is a 1979 Japanese film directed by Ikuo Sekimoto.
 Hell River also known as Partizani and The Last Guerilla is a 1974 Yugoslavian partisan film starring Rod Taylor as a Yugoslav raised in America who returns home to fight the Germans as a partisan in World War Two. Adam West plays a German officer.The film was shot on location in Yugoslavia. There are several versions including an original three-hour cut made for Yugoslavian television and a feature-length version for the American market.
 Panthaya Kozhi is a Malayalam movie produced by Lal under the banner of Lal Creations. It is directed by M.A.Venu who last did the critically acclaimed Chakoram in 1994. Narain pairs up with Pooja for the first time. Through this movie he's launched as a full fledged action hero. Narain plays Bharathan who comes to Kalimuthupalayam in Tamil Nadu to sell a house and some property while Pooja plays Chembakam a Tamil girl who falls in love with him.
 Moksha also known as Moksha: Salvation is a 2001 Bollywood film produced and directed by Ashok Mehta and starring Manisha Koirala and Arjun Rampal as the lead pair.The film launched the career of actor Arjun Rampal as well as gave a boost to Manisha Koirala's already successful career. Ashok Mehta won the National Film Award for Best Cinematography. This film was declared as 'flop' by boxofficeindia.
 Law of the Lash is a 1947 American film directed by Ray Taylor.
 Melody of Love (German: Melodie der Liebe) is a 1932 German operetta film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Richard Tauber Petra Unkel and S.Z. Sakall. It premiered on 24 April 1932. It is also known in English by the alternative title Right to Happiness.
 Blind Love is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.
 The Primrose Path is a 1934 British romance film directed by Reginald Denham and starring Isobel Elsom Whitmore Humphries and Max Adrian. A doctor's wife has to choose between her settled life with her husband in a small town or a more turbulent relationship with a successful artist. It was based on a play by Joan Temple.
 Sivi is a 2007 Tamil horror film directed by K. R. Senthil Nathan and starring Yogi Jayashri Rao and Anuja Iyer directed by K. R. Senthil Nathan. A remake of the 2004 Thai-thriller Shutter Sivi opened in September 2007 to positive reviews.
 Flodder 3 (Alternative titles: Flodder Forever or Flodder: The Final Story) is a 1995 Dutch comedy film directed by Dick Maas. It is the third and last movie about the anti-social family called 'Flodder'. The movie is not a continuation of the previous two movies but of the tv series. Different from the first two movies son Kees is now played by actor Stefan de Walle and Johnnie Flodder is now played by Coen van Vrijberghe de Coningh the same actor as in the TV series.
 Les Rois mages (or The Three Magis its unofficial English title) was a French comedy film released in 2001 made by Bernard Campan and Didier Bourdon. They also star in the film playing the roles of Balthazar and Melchior respectively. Pascal Légitimus the third member of the humorist group Les Inconnus also stars in the film as Caspar.
 Den bästa sommaren (The Best Summer) is a 2000 Swedish-Danish film directed by Ulf Malmros.
 Peaceful Oscar is a 1927 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Trivial (French: La disparue de Deauville) is a 2007 French crime drama film directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Christopher Lambert Sophie Marceau and Nicolas Briançon. Written by Marceau Gianguido Spinelli and Jacques Deschamps the film is about a police inspector struggling with depression following his wife's death who investigates a suspicious missing person's case at the request of a mysterious woman.
 The Last Kilometer (original title: L'Ultimo Chilometro) is a 2012 Italian documentary film directed by Paolo Casalis.
 Underground (Serbian: Podzemlje Serbian Cyrillic: Подземље) is a 1995 award-winning film directed by Emir Kusturica with a screenplay by Dušan Kovačević.It is also known by the subtitle Once Upon a Time There Was One Country (Serbian: Била једном једна земља Bila jednom jedna zemlja) which was the title of the 5-hour mini-series (the long cut of the movie) shown on Serbian RTS television.The film uses the epic story of two friends to portray a Yugoslav history from the beginning of World War II until the beginning of Yugoslav Wars. 
 The Fugitive is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 James' Journey to Jerusalem (Hebrew: מסעות ג'יימס בארץ הקודש) is a 2003 Israeli film directed by Ra'anan Alexandrowicz and produced by Renen Schorr.
 The Legend of Nigger Charley is a 1972 blaxploitation western film directed by Martin Goldman. The story of a trio of escaped slaves it was released during the heyday of blaxploitation films.The film stars Fred Williamson as Nigger Charley. The film is rated PG in the United States. It was followed by two sequels The Soul of Nigger Charley and Boss Nigger.The film was renamed The Legend of Black Charley for broadcast television.
 Beach Ball is a 1965 American beach party movie starring Edd Byrnes and partly financed by Roger Corman.It features appearances by The Supremes and The Righteous Brothers.
 Red Wedding (French: Noces rouges) is a 2012 documentary film co-directed by Lida Chan and Guillaume Suon which portrays a victim of forced marriage under the Khmer Rouge regime.The film premiered at the 2012 International Documentary Filmfestival Amsterdam (IDFA) and won the Award for Best Mid-Length Documentary.
 Blush (simplified Chinese: 红粉; traditional Chinese: 紅粉; pinyin: Hong fen) is a 1995 Chinese film about the experience of two women during the People's Republic of China's campaign to re-educate prostitutes. Blush was directed by Li Shaohong and stars He Saifei Wang Ji and Wang Zhiwen. The film was a co-production between Hong Kong's Ocean Film and Beijing Film Studio.Blush won the Silver Bear for Outstanding Single Achievement at the 45th Berlin International Film Festival in 1995.
 Pitfall is a 1948 black-and-white film noir drama directed by André De Toth. The film was based on a novel of the same name by Jay Dratler and was titled Tragedia a Santa Monica for its Italian release. The drama features Dick Powell Lizabeth Scott Jane Wyatt and Raymond Burr.
 The Rules of Attraction is a 2002 comedy-drama film written and directed by Roger Avary based on the novel of the same name by Bret Easton Ellis. It stars James van der Beek Shannyn Sossamon Ian Somerhalder Jessica Biel and Kip Pardue.
 I Can't... I Can't is a 1969 film. It was the directorial debut of Piers Haggard.The film is also known as Wedding Night.
 Like You Know It All (Hangul: 잘 알지도 못하면서; RR: Jal Aljido Mot-hamyeonseo; lit. You Think You Know It All But You Don't) is a 2009 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.
 Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf (Spanish: Nazareno Cruz y el lobo) is a 1975 Argentine fantasy film directed by Leonardo Favio and starring Juan José Camero and Alfredo Alcón. The story works as an adaptation of the classical myth of the Lobizón and it has become a classic film. It is also widely known as the most successful of all time in its country.
 Thirty Years of Maximum R&B Live is a 1994 compilation video of English rock and roll band The Who. The compilation covers the band live from 1965 to 1989 and is edited together with interviews with band members Roger Daltrey John Entwistle and Pete Townshend.
 Shakal Sandhya is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Subrato Saha Ray. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 I Can See You is a 2008 American psychological horror film written and directed by Graham Reznick. Ben Dickinson Christopher Ford and Duncan Skiles star as advertising workers who go on a camping trip to find inspiration for their latest campaign only to find their sanity tested in the woods.
 Mera Shikar is a 1988 Indian Hindi action film directed by Keshu Ramsay. The film stars Dimple Kapadia Kabir Bedi and Navin Nischol in lead roles. Dialogues of this movie became a hit and therefore audio cassettes of dialogue were released. It was written by Iqbal Durrani
 The Naked Brothers Band is an American musical comedy film written and directed by Polly Draper which stars her sons Nat Wolff and Alex Wolff who portray members of a fictional rock group. It tells of the boys' struggles with their fame and an internal dispute that causes the band to split before reuniting in the end.
 Chicago is a 2002 American musical comedy-drama film adapted from the satirical stage musical of the same name exploring the themes of celebrity scandal and corruption in Jazz Age Chicago. The film stars Renée Zellweger Richard Gere and Catherine Zeta-Jones and also features Queen Latifah John C.
 Posti (Punjabi: ਪੋਸਤੀ) is a 1950 Punjabi film and the first production of Kwatra Production (of Sardul Singh Kwatra and Harcharan Singh Kwatra) directed by K.D. Mehra (Krishan Dev Mehra) starring Majnu and Shyama in lead roles. Shyama was the principal female actress of this movie It did very well at the box office and was a hit not only in the East Punjab Circuit but also in the Delhi area. A noted playback singer Asha Bhosle made her debut with the film.
 Summer Wishes Winter Dreams is a 1973 film which tells the story of a New York City housewife who rethinks her relationships with her husband her children and her mother. The movie stars Joanne Woodward Martin Balsam Sylvia Sidney and Teresa Hughes was written by Stewart Stern and directed by Gilbert Cates.Summer Wishes Winter Dreams garnered nominations for Academy Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Joanne Woodward) and Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Sylvia Sidney).
 Father Dear Father is a 1973 film based on the popular Thames Television sitcom of the same name Father Dear Father and directed by William G. Stewart.The story is based on episodes from seasons 1 & 2.
 Annakodi is a 2013 Tamil film directed and written by Bharathiraja. It features Lakshman Narayan Karthika Nair and Manoj Bharathiraja in the lead roles. The film has music by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film was earlier titled Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum.
 Manual of Love (Italian: Manuale d'amore) is a 2005 Italian blockbuster romantic comedy film in four quartets. It was directed by Giovanni Veronesi who made two sequels Manuale d'amore 2 – Capitoli successivi in 2007 and Manuale d'amore 3 in 2011.
 Lewd Priest: Playful Writing on a Woman's Body (ワイセツ和尚　女体筆いじり Waisetsu Oshō: Nyotai Fudeijiri) is a 2007 Japanese pink film directed by Shigeo Moriyama and written by Kazuhiro Sano who also acts in the film. Moriyama filmed Lewd Priest: Playful Writing on a Woman's Body for the Powerful production studio and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on November 30 2007. It won the award for Seventh Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 They Got Me Covered (1943) is a comedy film starring Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour. The comedy movie was directed by David Butler. Otto Preminger appears in a supporting role. It is also known as Washington Story and The Washington Angle.
 Eight—The Power of Shani (stylised as Ei8ht - The Power of Shani; also known as simply just Eight Shani) is a Hindi horror film written and directed by Karan Razdan. The film stars Raj Tara and Meghna Naidu in the lead roles along with Gulshan Grover in a supporting role. It debuted at 14 April 2006.
 Three Secrets is a 1950 film directed by Robert Wise and released by Warner Bros. It stars Eleanor Parker Ruth Roman and Patricia Neal.
 True Grit: A Further Adventure is a 1978 television film sequel to the movies True Grit and Rooster Cogburn. While John Wayne portrays Rooster Cogburn in the first two films Warren Oates takes over the role in this 1978 television film. Lisa Pelikan portrays Mattie Ross played in the first film by Kim Darby. The supporting cast features Lee Meriwether and Parley Baer and the film was directed by Richard T. Heffron.
 Saga of the Franklin (1945) was a Kodachrome colour documentary film produced about the aircraft carrier USS Franklin which was hit by a Japanese dive bomber on March 19 1945. Franklin was the most heavily-damaged carrier to survive World War II.The film traces the career of the Franklin from construction to commissioning and then follows her out to sea and combat.
 The Last Married Couple in America is a 1980 comedy film released in the US.It was directed by Gilbert Cates whose most successful film Oh God! Book II was released in the same year. The film starred George Segal and Natalie Wood as a California couple struggling to maintain their happily married status as all their friends begin to get divorces and seem to be caught up in the decadence of the sexual revolution and the ME era.
 Cry-Baby is a 1990 American teen musical romantic comedy film written and directed by John Waters.
 Chaos (カオス Kaosu) is a 2000 Japanese mystery-thriller film directed by Hideo Nakata. It stars Miki Nakatani and Masato Hagiwara. It is based on Shōgo Utano's novel Sarawaretai Onna (さらわれたい女 lit. The Woman Who Wants To Be Kidnapped).
 Demon Knight (also known as Tales from the Crypt Presents: Demon Knight) is a 1995 comedy horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson starring Billy Zane William Sadler and Jada Pinkett Smith. Brenda Bakke CCH Pounder Dick Miller and Thomas Haden Church co-star.Demon Knight is a feature-length film presented by the HBO series Tales from the Crypt and features scenes with the Crypt Keeper (voiced by John Kassir as in the series) at the beginning and end of the film.
 Bapi Bari Jaa is a 2012 Bengali Romantic comedy film directed by Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha. The movie is jointly produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and Idea Creations and stars Arjun Chakrabarty Mimi Chakraborty Shalmi Barman and Anindya Chatterjee in pivotal roles. The film is about youngsters and the story of the film revolves around a young sheltered man who suddenly discovers life when he comes out on to the streets one day. The movie was released on 7 December 2012.
 Thagapansamy is a 2006 Tamil language action film directed by Shiva Shanmugam and produced by Tiruchi Gopalji. The film starred Prashanth and Pooja in the lead roles while Namitha Karunas and Vincent Asokan played other supporting roles. Featuring music composed by Vidyasagar the film had a delayed release in December 2006 after going through production problems.
 Picture Mommy Dead is a 1966 horror film directed by Bert I. Gordon and starring Don Ameche and Martha Hyer.
 The Nest (2002) also known as Nid de guêpes is a French action/thriller movie co-written and directed by Florent Emilio Siri. The literal translation of the French title is Wasp's Nest. The film is quasi-remake of the 1976 film Assault on Precinct 13 which in turn was inspired by 1959's Rio Bravo.
 Lost in the Game is a 2005 American drama film written and directed by MC Ren. The film stars MC Ren Playboy T and Nitetrain. The film was released January 25 2005.
 Taegukgi: The Brotherhood of War (Korean: 태극기 휘날리며; Taegukgi Hwinallimyo) is a 2004 South Korean war film directed by Kang Je-gyu. It stars Jang Dong-gun and Won Bin and tells the story of two brothers who are drafted in the South Korean army by force at the outbreak of the Korean War. Kang Je-gyu made a name for himself directing Shiri and was able to attract top talent and capital to his new project eventually spending USD $12.8 million on production.
 The Big Fix is a 2012 documentary film about two filmmakers Josh and Rebecca Tickell as they travel along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico meeting the residents whose lives were changed by the 2010 BP Oil Spill.The film argues that BP has utilized the oil dispersant Corexit in the Gulf to create the illusion that the Louisiana beaches are safe and the water (and seafood) uncontaminated.
 One Quiet Night is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Palooka is a 1934 comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff starring Jimmy Durante and based on the comic strip by Ham Fisher. The movie was adapted by Jack Jevne Arthur Kober Gertrude Purcell Murray Roth and Ben Ryan from the comic strip.The film is also known as The Great Schnozzle in the United Kingdom.
 The Protector (Chinese: 威龍猛探) is a 1985 Hong Kong-American action film directed by James Glickenhaus and starring Jackie Chan Danny Aiello and Roy Chiao. It was Chan's second attempt at breaking into the American film market after 1980 film The Big Brawl a film which had been a disappointment at the box office.
 Guldasta (Marathi: गुलदस्ता; English: Bouquet of Flowers) is a Marathi film released on January 14 2011. It revolves around two friends played by Makarand Anaspure and Jitrenda Joshi and their hilarious attempt to find their individual love which turns into an ultimate mess.The budget for the film was around 1.25 crores considered a large figure for a Marathi film.
 The Legend of King Naresuan (Thai: ตำนานสมเด็จพระนเรศวรมหาราช; RTGS: Tamnan Somdet Phra Naresuan Maha Rat) is a Thai biographical historical drama film about King Naresuan the Great who ruled Siam from 1590 until his death in 1605.The films are directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol and are a followup to his 2003 film The Legend of Suriyothai. Part I Hongsawadee's Hostage was released on January 18 2007. Part II Reclaiming Sovereignty was released on February 15 2007.
 The Other Side of AIDS is a 2004 documentary film by Robin Scovill. Through interviews with prominent AIDS denialists and HIV-positive people who have refused anti-HIV medication the film makes the claim that HIV is not the cause of AIDS and that HIV treatments are harmful conclusions which are rejected by medical and scientific consensus.
 Doing Time Doing Vipassana is a 1997 Israeli independent documentary film project by two women filmmakers from Israel Ayelet Menahemi and Eilona Ariel about the use of Vipassana as a rehabilitation method and its impact on foreign and Indian prisoners. It shows how this Buddhist meditation technique has helped improve the lives of people within the Tihar Jail in Delhi. which was then known as one of the harshest prisons in the world.
 Roswell: The Aliens Attack (1999) is a made for TV movie produced for the UPN Network. The story is about two aliens who escape from Roswell New Mexico in 1947 with intentions to blow up the earth. The movie was filmed in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.
 Golgo 13: Assignment Kowloon (ゴルゴ13 九竜の首 Gorugo Sātīn Kûron no kubi) is a 1977 action movie starring Sonny Chiba as the international assassin Golgo 13. It was the second live-action movie based on the Golgo 13 manga.
 Kung Hei Fat Choy is a 1985 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Dean Shek and starring Shek Alan Tam and George Lam. This film was released to celebrate the Chinese New Year of 1985. The film's title is based off the greeting wishers give on the year's first day.
 Iniyavale is a 1998 Tamil drama film directed by Seeman. The film features Prabhu Suvalakshmi Keerthi Reddy and Gouthami in lead roles. The film produced by M. Vedha had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 May 1998 to mixed reviews. The film marks Thamarai debut in Tamil cinema.
 Noah's Arc: Jumping the Broom is a 2008 Canadian-American romantic comedy-drama film based on the LOGO television series Noah's Arc. It was released on October 24 2008 in select theaters and video on demand. The film is MPAA rated R in the U.S. for sexual content and language.
 Kōshōnin (交渉人) is a 2008 TV film directed by Takashi Miike. It was released in the United States under the title The Negotiator
 Beautiful Losers is a 2008 documentary film by director Aaron Rose and co-directed by Joshua Leonard. It was produced by Sidetrack Films in association with BlackLake Productions and stars several artists including Harmony Korine writer of independent cult films Kids and Gummo and former graffiti artist Stephen Powers IIIt premiered at South by Southwest on March 9 2008 and later in general release on August 8 2008 at the IFC Center in New York City.
 Leoni Leo is a 1917 Hungarian adventure film directed by Alfréd Deésy and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 Tasmanian Devils is a 2013 television film directed by Zach Lipovsky and starring Danica McKellar and Apolo Ohno. The movie was first released onto the SyFy channel on January 19 2013 and centers around a group of friends that get attacked by extremely large tasmanian devils. Radio Times rated the film poorly giving it two out of 5 stars.
 A Man for All Seasons is a 1966 British film based on Robert Bolt's play of the same name about Sir Thomas More. It was released on 12 December 1966. Paul Scofield who had played More in the West End stage premiere also took the role in the film. It was directed by Fred Zinnemann who had previously directed such films as High Noon and From Here to Eternity.
 Death Trance is a 2005 Japanese action/fantasy film based on the manga of the same name by Kana Takeuchi. It stars Tak Sakaguchi of Versus fame alongside Kentaro Seagal (son of actor Steven Seagal) and Takamasa Suga. The film is the directorial debut of Yuji Shimomura best known for his work as an action director stuntman and frequent collaborator of Ryuhei Kitamura. The film's soundtrack features several tracks by the rock band Dir en grey.
 Enteng Kabisote 4: Okay Ka Fairy Ko...The Beginning of the Legend is a comedy fantasy movie. It is the fourth and last sequel of the Enteng Kabisote films based on the Philippine television series Okay Ka Fairy Ko. The movie is an official entry for the 2007 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Once Fallen is a 2010 crime film starring Brian Presley Taraji P. Henson and Ed Harris. Filming took place in Los Angeles California.
 Ayya (English: Master) is a 2005 Tamil-language film starring Sarath Kumar Nayanthara Prakash Raj Napoleon and Vadivelu in the lead roles. The film written and directed by Hari was a success at the Chennai Box office and the music was rendered by Bharadwaj. Oru Vaarthai song was very famous around South India. This movie was also Nayanthara's debut in Tamil films.
 The Llano Kid is a 1939 Western film starring Tito Guízar in the title role of Enrique Ibarra/the Llano Kid. Released on December 8 1939 it was a remake of Gary Cooper's 1930 The Texan. The Llano Kid was directed by Edward Venturini. Others in the film include Gale Sondergaard as Lora Travers Alan Mowbray as John Travers and Jan Clayton as Lupita Sandoval.
 Antonia: A Portrait of the Woman is a 1974 documentary about symphony conductor Antonia Brico including her struggle against gender bias in her profession. The film was directed by Judy Collins and Jill Godmilow. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.In 2003 this film was deemed culturally historically or aesthetically significant by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.
 Thuppakki (English: The Gun) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by AR Murugadoss. It features Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles Vidyut Jamwal as main antagonist as well as Jayaram and Sathyan in supporting roles. The film produced by S.
 Faithful is a comedy film directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Cher Chazz Palminteri and Ryan O'Neal. Palminteri wrote the screenplay which is an adaptation of his stage play of the same name. Faithful tells the story of a woman her husband and a hit man. The film was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Hector's Bunyip is a 1986 Australian TV movie about a young boy who is abducted by a bunyip.It was shot in the lower Hunter Valley.
 Arrebato is a 1980 Spanish art house film written and directed by Iván Zulueta. José Sirgado (Eusebio Poncela) is a frustrated horror film director and heroin addict in a tumultuous relationship with Ana (Celicia Roth).
 Nosotros los Nobles is a 2013 Mexican comedy film directed by Gary Alazraki Written by Adrian Zurita Patricio Saiz Gary Alazraki Starring Gonzalo Vega Luis Gerardo Méndez Karla Souza and Juan Pablo Gil with Ianis Guerrero Carlos Gascón and Mario Haddad in supporting roles.
 Six-Gun Rhythm is a 1939 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Luke's Society Mixup is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 The Cabin in the Mountains is a 2014 Chinese suspense crime film written and directed by Gary Tang. The film stars Gregory Wong Sienna Li Mark Du Ava Yu A.Lin Pei Sukie Wing-Lee Shek Wei Yuhai and Gu Shangwei. It was released in China on Valentine's Day.
 Exodus: Gods and Kings is an upcoming biblical epic film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Bill Collage Adam Cooper and Steven Zaillian. The film stars Christian Bale Joel Edgerton Aaron Paul Ben Kingsley and Sigourney Weaver. It is an interpretation of the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt as led by Moses and related in the Bible book of Exodus.
 Thumb Wars: The Phantom Cuticle is a 1999 short film directed by Steve Oedekerk. Using dressed up and coifed thumbs as puppets Oedekerk created a parody of the trilogy of science fiction movies Star Wars with characters like Loke Groundrunner Princess Bunhead Oobeedoob Benubi Hand Duet Crunchaka Beeboobeep Prissypeo Black Helmet Man and Gabba the Butt. Thumb Wars debuted on American television May 18 1999 on UPN.
 The Helen Morgan Story released in the UK as Both Ends Of The Candle is a 1957 American biographical film directed by Michael Curtiz starring Ann Blyth and Paul Newman.The screenplay by Oscar Saul Dean Riesner Stephen Longstreet and Nelson Gidding is based on the life and career of torch singer/actress Helen Morgan with fictional touches liberally added for dramatic purposes.
 No Tomorrow is a 1999 film directed by Master P and starring Master P Pam Grier and Gary Busey. It was released direct-to-video on October 19 1999 by No Limit Films. Kickboxer Gary Daniels co-stars. The movie was a big success for No Limit Records and No Limit Films.
 In My Father's Den is a 2004 New Zealand film written and directed by Brad McGann and starring Matthew Macfadyen and Emily Barclay. It is based on the novel of the same title by Maurice Gee. The film was released in October 2004 to glowing reviews.
 Taxi Blues (Russian: Такси-блюз translit. Taksi-Blyuz) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Pavel Lungin. It was entered into the 1990 Cannes Film Festival where Lungin won the award for Best Director.
 The Return of October is a 1948 American comedy film starring Glenn Ford and Terry Moore. The film was directed by Joseph H. Lewis.
 World Traveler is a 2001 drama directed by Bart Freundlich. It stars Billy Crudup and Julianne Moore. It was screened at the 2001 Toronto Film Festival.
 Grizzly Park is an American horror film released February 8 2008. Focusing on a group of troublesome young adults led by a park ranger the movie's predator is Brody the Bear a Kodiak bear who makes his first film appearance.
 The Catechism Cataclysm is a 2011 independent psychotronic dark comedy film directed by Todd Rohal. The film's narrative concerns a bumbling priest named Father Billy who embarks on a camping trip with his childhood idol Robbie.
 Abhay is a Kannada romantic action film released in 2009 written by Janardhan Maharshi and directed Mahesh Babu. It was produced by Babu Reddy under Nithin Productions banner. Darshan and Aarti Thakur appeared in lead roles.
 The Song of the Sun (Italian: La canzone del sole) is a 1934 Italian-German film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 Memoirs of Prison (Portuguese: Memórias do Cárcere) is a 1984 Brazilian drama film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos. The film was selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Ray of Sunshine (Dutch: Zonnestraal) is a 1919 Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 The Lazarus Effect is a 2010 documentary film about the positive impact of free antiretroviral drug therapy on HIV/AIDS patients in Africa. It was directed by Lance Bangs and executive produced by Spike Jonze after an organizer from AIDS awareness group (RED) suggested the project to them. The film features patients and medical staff in Zambia speaking about their experiences and was produced by (RED) and HBO.
 Claire is a 2001 film by Milford Thomas.The story itself is loosely based on Kaguyahime on an old Japanese fairy tale about an elderly childless couple that finds a child from the moon in a stalk of bamboo and raises her as their own. Thomas’ version tells a tale of an elderly male couple on a farm in the rural 1920s South who find the moon princess in an ear of corn.
 The Loves of Letty was a 1919 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Samuel Goldwyn and directed by Frank Lloyd. Based on the play Letty by Arthur Wing Pinero the film features Pauline Frederick in the title role. The film is now considered lost.
 The Ice Pirates is a 1984 Comic science fiction film directed by Stewart Raffill who co-wrote the screenplay with Krull author Stanford Sherman. The film stars Robert Urich Mary Crosby and Michael D. Roberts; other notable featured actors are Anjelica Huston Ron Perlman Bruce Vilanch John Carradine and former football player John Matuszak.
 Peter Gaya Kaam Se is a fast-paced action adventure movie with a romantic twist. It is directed by John Owen and produced by UTV Motion Pictures.
 Jane Shore is a 1915 British silent historical film directed by Bert Haldane and F. Martin Thornton and starring Blanche Forsythe Roy Travers and Robert Purdie. It is an adaptation of the 1714 play The Tragedy of Jane Shore by Nicholas Rowe and is based on the life of Jane Shore the mistress of Edward IV.
 You Have to Run Fast is a 1961 thriller film.
 Ararat is a 2002 French-Canadian drama historical film written and directed by Atom Egoyan and starring Charles Aznavour Christopher Plummer David Alpay Arsinée Khanjian Eric Bogosian Bruce Greenwood and Elias Koteas. It is based loosely on the Siege of Van during the Armenian Genocide an event that is disputed to this day by the government of Turkey.
 A Better Place is a 1997 drama film written and directed by Vincent Pereira. It stars Robert DiPatri and Eion Bailey. It was produced in association with View Askew Kevin Smith's production company and released to DVD by Synapse Films. It was nominated for the Golden Starfish Award for Best American Independent Film at the 1997 Hamptons International Film Festival.
 So Ends Our Night is a 1941 drama war film starring Fredric March and directed by John Cromwell. The screenplay was adapted from the novel Flotsam by Erich Maria Remarque.
 Dear Caroline is a French 1951 film directed by Richard Pottier. It is based on Jacques Laurent's historic novel The loves of Caroline Cherie: A novel. Leading roles were played by Martine Carol and Jacques Dacqmine.
 Synchromy (French: Synchromie) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada visual music film by Norman McLaren utilizing graphical sound. To produce the film's musical soundtrack McLaren photographed rectangular cards with lines on them. He arranged these shapes in sequences on the analog optical sound track to produce notes and chords.
 Marianne and Juliane is a 1981 West German film directed by Margarethe von Trotta. Its original German title is Die bleierne Zeit an idiomatic expression which can be translated as the leaden times.The film has been released in the UK as The German Sisters. The screenplay is a fictionalized account of the true lives of Christiane and Gudrun Ensslin. Gudrun a member of The Red Army Faction was found dead in her prison cell in Stammheim in 1977.
 Landmandsliv is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Lone Hertz.
 Shark Swarm is a film created by RHI Entertainment as part of the Maneater film series. It premiered on Syfy on May 25 2008. Directed by James A. Contner and written by Matthew Chernov and David Rosiak the film stars Daryl Hannah John Schneider and Armand Assante. It was released to generally unfavorable reviews. It is the 11th film in the Maneater Series.
 Typhoon (Hangul: 태풍; RR: Taepung) is a 2005 South Korean action film directed by Kwak Kyung-taek and starring Jang Dong-gun Lee Jung-jae and Lee Mi-yeon.
 El vuelo de la muerte (The Flight of Death) is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Tiny Furniture is a 2010 American independent comedy-drama written by directed by and starring Lena Dunham.It premiered at South by Southwest where it won Best Narrative Feature screened at such festivals as Maryland Film Festival and was released theatrically in the United States on November 12 2010. Dunham’s own mother the artist Laurie Simmons plays Aura’s mother while her real sister Grace plays Aura’s on-screen sibling.
 Paris Underground also known as Madame Pimpernel (1945) is a film directed by Gregory Ratoff and based on the book by Etta Shiber.The film stars Constance Bennett and Gracie Fields as an American and an Englishwoman trapped in Paris when Nazi Germany invades in 1940 who rescue British airmen shot down in France and help them escape across the English Channel.The film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Score for Alexandre Tansman's score (one of 21 nominations that year).
 Daughters of Today was a 1928 silent film from Lahore in present day Pakistan (then British India). It was produced by G.K Mehta and directed by Shankradev Arya.This was the first feature film made in Lahore and helped to establish the city of Lahore as one of the centers of filming in India. The Lahore film industry is now known as Lollywood.
 Mahaadev is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Raj N. Sippy starring Vinod Khanna Raj Babbar Meenakshi Seshadri Sonu Walia Shakti Kapoor and Anupam Kher
 Prisoners of a White God is a documentary about the Akha people produced and distributed by Twin Star in September 2008. The documentary is about a Czech researcher Tomáš Ryška who goes to the Thai and Laotian mountains in order to search and document the causes of wrongdoing and violence done to the indigenous peoples and their children by Christian missionaries.
 Deadly Sins is a 1995 direct-to-video slasher film directed by Michael Robison. The thriller starring David Keith and Alyssa Milano had a limited VHS release. In Germany the movie was released on VHS under the title Sins.
 Feudin' Fussin' and A-Fightin' (1948) is a musical comedy film from Universal Studios starring Donald O'Connor. Also featured are Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride (who later reprised essentially the same roles as Ma and Pa Kettle) with Penny Edwards as the perky love interest.It cost $454000.
 Barfly is a 1987 American film which is a semi-autobiography of poet/author Charles Bukowski during the time he spent drinking heavily in Los Angeles. The screenplay by Bukowski was commissioned by the French film director Barbet Schroeder – it was published with illustrations by the author in 1984 when film production was still pending. Barfly stars Mickey Rourke and Faye Dunaway with direction by Schroeder and was presented by Francis Ford Coppola.
 Joe Gould's Secret is a 2000 American drama film directed by Stanley Tucci. The screenplay by Howard A. Rodman is based on the magazine article Professor Sea Gull and the book Joe Gould's Secret by Joseph Mitchell.
 The Trip is a 2002 epic gay romance that traces the relationship between two men from their initial meeting in 1973 until 1984.
 Ek Duuje Ke Liye (English: (We Are) Made For Each Other) is a 1981 Hindi movie directed by K. Balachander starring Kamal Haasan and Rati Agnihotri. It was a remake of the director's own Telugu movie Maro Charitra which had Kamal Haasan playing the lead role. The film was labelled a blockbuster at the box office in 1981 earning a total of 100 million (US$1.7 million) in receipts. The film featured lyrics penned by Anand Bakshi and music by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
 The Diary of Anne Frank is a 1959 film based on the Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name which was based on the diary of Anne Frank. It was directed by George Stevens with a screenplay by Frances Goodrich and Albert Hackett. It is the first film version of both the play and the original story and features three members of the original Broadway cast.The film was based on the personal diary of Anne Frank a Jewish girl who lived in hiding with her family during World War II.
 Bones is a 2001 American horror film directed by Ernest Dickerson. It is about a gangster that comes back from the dead to avenge his murder. The film stars Snoop Dogg as the title character Jimmy Bones.The film is also a tribute to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s. Pam Grier is seen in the film as Jimmy Bones' love interest.
 The Loves of Pharaoh (German: Das Weib des Pharao aka The Wife of the Pharaoh) is a 1922 German historical epic film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. It starred Emil Jannings.A complete version of the film had been considered lost for years. A digitally restored and reconstructed version premièred on 17 September 2011.
 Show Girl in Hollywood (1930) is an all-talking musical comedy/drama film with Technicolor sequences produced and distributed by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros.. The film starred Alice White Jack Mulhall and Blanche Sweet. It was adapted from the novel Hollywood Girl (1929) by J. P. McEvoy.
 The Honorary Consul is a 1983 British drama film directed by John Mackenzie and starring Michael Caine Richard Gere Bob Hoskins and Elpidia Carrillo. It is based on the novel The Honorary Consul by Graham Greene. It was also released under the title Beyond the Limit.
 Classic - Dance of Love is a 2005 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Babbar Subhash starring Mithun Chakraborty Vikas Bhardwaj and Meghna Naidu with Shashi Kiran Navin Nischol and Rajesh Khanna feature in supporting roles. Mithun Chakraborty is the antagonist as well as the protagonist in the movie. The film was very much in the news along with Elaan the Vikram Bhatt directed movie as Mithunda's comeback films to Mumbai production. The team of Mithun Chakraborty and B.
 Paral Ko Aago (Nepali: परालको आगो) is a 1978 Nepali black-and-white film directed by Pratap Subba and produced by Cineroma. It is based on a story of the same name by the Nepali writer Guru Prasad Mainali.
 The Bogus Witch Project is a 2000 comedy film satirizing The Blair Witch Project. It uses different tellings of the Blair Witch such as The Blair Underwood Project.
 Bab's Diary was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley starred Marguerite Clark. The film's scenario was written by Martha D. Foster based on the screen story Her Diary by Mary Roberts Rinehart. It was the first in a trilogy of Babs films that Clark made in 1917 all of which are now presumed lost.
 The Skyrocket is a lost 1926 silent film directed by Marshall Neilan. It was based on a novel The Skyrocket by Adela Rogers St. Johns and scripted by Benjamin Glazer. The movie stars a celebrity sensation of the period Peggy Hopkins Joyce a much married actress and celebutante along with several silent film favorites.
 Lovers Lane is a 1999 American slasher film starring Erin J. Dean Riley Smith Sarah Lancaster and Anna Faris.
 The Blue Veil is a 1951 American drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt. The screenplay by Norman Corwin is based on a story by François Campaux which was adapted for the French language film Le Voile bleu in 1942. Jane Wyman stars in a cast that also includes Charles Laughton Joan Blondell and Agnes Moorehead.
 Hidden Universe 3D is a 2013 Australian documentary written and directed by Russell Scott. The film is narrated by Golden Globe winner Miranda Richardson and was released to IMAX 3D theaters in 2013.
 Finding Amanda is a 2008 comedy film directed by Peter Tolan and starring Matthew Broderick and Brittany Snow. The plot revolves around a television producer with a penchant for drinking and gambling who is sent to Las Vegas to convince his troubled niece to enter rehabilitation.Finding Amanda was filmed in California over a three-month period.
 Another Public Enemy is a 2005 South Korean film and the sequel to Public Enemy. The film was the 6th most popular film of 2005.
 Thunder Afloat is a 1939 World War I naval film starring Wallace Beery and Chester Morris. The movie was directed by George B. Seitz.The submarine sequences were shot with the cooperation of the U. S. Navy at Annapolis Maryland and around the Coronado Islands off San Diego California.
 They Call It Summer (Italian: E la chiamano estate) is a 2012 Italian romance-drama film directed by Paolo Franchi. In spite of having been almost unanimously panned by critics it won the awards for best director and for best actress (to Isabella Ferrari) at the 2012 Rome International Film Festival.
 Solo per te Lucia is a 1952 Italian film directed by Franco Rossi with Antonella Lualdi Piero Lulli Silvio Bagolini Nerio Bernardi.
 Haar Jeet is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Amar Mullick. It stars Kanan Devi.
 Hero Hitler in Love (Punjabi: ਹੀਰੋ ਹਿਟਲਰ ਇਨ ਲਵ) is a 2011 Punjabi romantic and action film directed by Sukhwant Dhadda with story screenplay music & dialogues by Babbu Maan. The Maan Films production stars Babbu Maan Mouni Roy and Bhagwant Maan in lead roles.It was released on 18 November with a bumper opening but couldn't sustain.
 Rampart is a drama film released in 2011. Directed by Oren Moverman and co-written by Moverman and James Ellroy the film stars Woody Harrelson and Ice Cube. In the midst of the fallout from the Rampart scandal of the 1990s dirty LAPD veteran Dave Brown is forced to face up to the consequences of his wayward career. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 2011.
 Idhaya Veenai (Tamil: இதய வீனை) is a 1972 Indian Tamil directed by R. Krishnan S. Panju starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Lakshmi M. N. Nambiar among others.
 Der Teufelskreis is an East German film. It was released in 1956.
 Men of Crisis: The Harvey Wallinger Story is a short film directed by Woody Allen in 1971. The film was a satirization of the Richard Nixon administration made in mockumentary style.Allen plays Harvey Wallinger a thinly disguised version of Henry Kissinger. The short was produced as a television special for PBS and was scheduled to air in February 1972 but it was pulled from the schedule shortly before the airdate.
 Crazy House is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 76th Our Gang short that was released. It was the final appearance of Jackie Condon who was with the gang since the pilot episode of Our Gang in 1922.
 Barbara Frietchie is a 1924 silent film about an old woman who helps out soldiers during the American Civil War. It is based on the play that had starred Julia Marlowe at the turn of the century which in turn was taken from the real life story of Barbara Fritchie. There were two silent film versions a 1915 version and 1924 version. The 1915 version directed by Herbert Blaché starred Mary Miles Minter and Anna Q. Nilsson.
 In Search of a Golden Sky is a 1984 family drama film released by Comworld Pictures. In the film three orphan children find solace in their uncle's wilderness home after their mother has died.Shot on location in the state of Utah Golden Sky was completed in 1982 but not released until two years later. It received a video release in early 1987 on CBS/Fox's Playhouse label.Utah's Deseret News gave the film one and a half stars out of four.
 Maang Bharo Sajana is a 1980 Hindi language movie directed by Rama Rao Tatineni and starring Jeetendra Rekha Moushumi Chatterjee Kajal Kiran Om Shivpuri Asrani Yunus Parvez. It is a remake of the 1979 Telugu film Karthika Deepam.
 His Way is a 2011 television documentary film about Jerry Weintraub an American film producer and former chairman and CEO of United Artists. It was directed by Douglas McGrath. It features interviews with Weintraub Jane Morgan George H. W. Bush Barbara Bush George Clooney Brad Pitt Julia Roberts Elliott Gould Ellen Barkin James Caan Matt Damon and Bruce Willis.
 High School Musical 2 is the second film in the High School Musical series. The World Premiere took place on August 14 2007 at Disneyland in Anaheim California. The primary cast including Zac Efron Vanessa Hudgens Ashley Tisdale Lucas Grabeel and Corbin Bleu attended the event.
 Marriage on the Rocks is a 1965 film comedy with Frank Sinatra Deborah Kerr and Dean Martin about a businessman's wife who ends up divorced by mistake and then married to his best friend by an even bigger mistake. The film was written by Cy Howard and directed by Jack Donohue.Marriage on the Rocks is not a musical even though it pairs Sinatra and Martin. It would be their last feature film partnership for nearly 20 years when they appeared together briefly in 1984's Cannonball Run II.
 Creole Connections (French: Nous près nous loin) is a 1986 Canadian documentary film produced by Montreal's InformAction profiling the Creole language and culture in the Lesser Antilles. Its title comes from a song by Martinique singer Dédé Saint Prix. The film was shot in 1984 across four territories: Dominica Guadeloupe Martinique and Saint Lucia.
 Polluting Paradise (German: Der Müll im Garten Eden also known as Garbage in the Garden of Eden) is a 2012 German documentary film directed by Fatih Akın. The film was screened in the Special Screenings section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. It focuses on the Turkish village of Çamburnu in Sürmene which has been turned into a rubbish dump by the government.
 New Brooklyn is a 2008 feature film directed by Christopher Cannucciari starring Blanca Lewin Matt Cavenaugh Frank Harts Pablo Cerda Kat Ross and Frank Nasso.New Brooklyn is Blanca Lewin's first feature film in English. Her previous works include; Sangre eterna Sábado una película en tiempo real and En la cama. The film was released to various film festivals beginning late Fall 2008.
 Lady Be Good was a 1928 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Richard Wallace. The film is based on the 1924 musical of the same name by George Gershwin and starred Jack Mulhall and Dorothy Mackaill. The film is now considered lost.
 The Great Sioux Massacre is a 1965 Revisionist Western film directed by Sidney Salkow in CinemaScope using extensive action sequences from Salkow's 1954 Sitting Bull. In a greatly fictionalised form it depicts events leading up to the Battle of the Little Bighorn and Custer's Last Stand.It stars Joseph Cotten Philip Carey and Darren McGavin.
 Gaayathri is a Tamil film is directed by R.Pattabhiraman. It has Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the lead roles. Once again Rajini plays a cruel husband of Sridevi. Jaishankar plays a guest role in this movie. Singer Sujatha Mohan made her debut as a singer through this film at the age of 12. The movie was based on the story Gayathri written by Sujatha Rangarajan.
 Always in the Way is a 1915 silent film directed by J. Searle Dawley. The film which was based on the song with the same name was partially filmed on the Bahamas.
 Senorita Justice one of the first features from the low-budget production house Breakaway Films. Yancy Mendia plays the role of Anna Rios a lawyer who negotiates property agreements in the city of Miami. Anna learns that her brother was murdered in a gang-related attack and learns that her father had emotionally broken down. Not capable of opposing the call of her home she proceeds to the cheesy B-movie streets where she was raised to look into the subject.
 Mr. Perfect is a 2011 Tollywood romantic comedy film directed by Dasaradh Kondapalli starring Prabhas Kajal Agarwal and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles while actors Murali Mohan Prakash Raj Sayaji Shinde Nassar and Viswanath Kasinadhuni play other pivotal roles. The movie is produced by Dil Raju and written by Ravi Abburi (Bommarillu fame). The film released on 22 April 2011 to positive reviews and eventually became a box-office blockbuster.
 Kanamachi (2013) is a Bengali political thriller film directed by Raj Chakraborty and produced by Ashoke Dhanuka (Eskay Movies). This film is a remake of Tamil successful film Ko. The music directors of the film are Indradeep Dasgupta and Rishi Chanda.
 Age Isn't Everything (a.k.a. Life in the Food Chain) is a 1991 comedy film directed by Douglas Katz and starring Jonathan Silverman Robert Prosky and Rita Moreno. The film premiered at the 1991 American Film Market and was consecutively released on video by Live Home Video.
 Feel My Pulse is a 1928 silent film about a wealthy hypochondriac played by Bebe Daniels who inherits a sanatorium and finds love and adventure.
 Mangalam Nerunnu is a 1984 Malayalam language film. It was directed by Mohan.
 Ferocious Female Freedom Fighters is a 1982 action-comedy film directed by Jopi Burnama and Charles Kaufman the brother of Lloyd Kaufman president of Troma Entertainment who distributed the film.In the tradition of Woody Allen's What's Up Tiger Lily? Ferocious Female Freedom Fighters was originally a straightforward Indonesian martial arts film that was unusually produced in the English language.
 My Big Break is a 2009 documentary film directed by Tony Zierra starring Wes Bentley Tony Zierra Brad Rowe Chad Lindberg and Greg Fawcett. The film was produced by MBB Group Elizabeth Yoffe and Tony Zierra.
 Address Unknown is a 1944 American drama film directed by William Cameron Menzies based on Kathrine Taylor's novel Address Unknown (1938). The film tells the story of two families caught up in the rise of Nazism in Germany prior to the start of World War II.Shot in a film noir style the film contains many elements of suspense and irony reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock.[citation needed] Cinematographer (Rudolph Maté) employed shadows shapes and camera angles to create the imagery.
 Beshkempir (released as Beshkempir the Adopted Son in Anglophone countries Le fils adoptif : Beshkempir in Francophone countries) is a 1998 Kyrgyz language film. Shot and produced in Kyrgyzstan it is representative of the first wave of independently produced cinema in the country after its independence from Soviet Union. It was directed by Aktan Abdykalykov and stars the director's son Mirlan Abdykalykov in the lead role.
 The Emperor's New Groove is a 2000 American traditionally animated buddy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on December 15 2000. It is the 40th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The title refers to the Danish fairy tale The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen though the two have little else in common.
 Meri Jung is a 1985 Hindi movie produced by N N Sippy and directed by Subhash Ghai. The film stars Anil Kapoor Meenakshi Sheshadri Nutan Amrish Puri Javed Jaffrey (in his debut film) A. K. Hangal Iftekhar Kushboo and Parikshat Sahni. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 National Red Cross Pageant (1917) is an all-star revue silent film now considered a lost film directed by Christy Cabanne.On October 5 1917 a live open-air pageant was held on a private estate Rosemary Farm near Huntington New York. The event was mainly the brainchild of Ben Ali Haggin famous as a stage designer. His wife appears in one of the episodes.
 Pot Luck is a 1936 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. The screenplay is by Ben Travers based loosely on his 1930 stage play A Night Like This. It also featured Ralph Lynn Robertson Hare Diana Churchill and Martita Hunt. The cast included members of the regular Aldwych Farce company.
 Rent Free is a 1922 silent film feature comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. The film starred Wallace Reid and his current regular co-star Lila Lee. It was directed by Howard Higgin and adapted by Elmer Rice from a story written directly for the screen by Izola Forrester(the granddaughter of John Wilkes Booth) and Mann Page. Currently this film is lost. Reid plays the part of a young painter who moves into an abandoned house.
 Misunderstood (Italian: Incompreso) is a 1966 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Comencini. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.
 Strike It Rich is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Betty Astell Davy Burnaby George K. Gee and Wilfrid Lawson.
 Enna Satham Indha Neram (English: What is the noise at this time?) is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Guru Ramesh and produced by A. V. Anoop under the banner A. V. A Productions. The film features quadruplets Adhiti Aakrithi Akshathy and Aapthi in the lead roles with Nithin Sathya M. Raja Maanu and Malavika Wales also appearing in prominent roles. The film tells the story of quadruplets who lose their way inside a zoo where they came for an excursion.
 Tonight for Sure is a 1962 Western softcore comedy film by Francis Ford Coppola. It was written by Coppola and Jerry Shaffer. Jack Hill was the Director of Photography. The music was composed by Carmen Coppola. It is a film set in August 1961 on the Sunset Strip starring Karl Schanzer and Don Kenney and featuring Electra Exotica Laura Cornell Karla Lee and Sue Martin. Features footage from The Peeper (an short sexploitation film of Coppola) and an unfinished Western set in a nudist colony.
 Rashomon (羅生門 Rashōmon) is a 1950 Japanese period drama film directed by Akira Kurosawa working in close collaboration with cinematographer Kazuo Miyagawa. It stars Toshiro Mifune Masayuki Mori Machiko Kyō and Takashi Shimura.
 Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles (simplified Chinese: 千里走单骑; traditional Chinese: 千里走單騎 Japanese: 単騎 千里を走る) is a 2005 drama film directed by Zhang Yimou and starring Ken Takakura. It premiered at the Tokyo International Film Festival on 22 October 2005 and was released in China on 22 December 2005.Written by Zou Jingzhi the film tells the story of Gouichi Takata (Takakura) an aged Japanese father who ever since his wife died has not been in good terms with his son.
 Nomad (烈火青春) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Patrick Tam. It is about the experiences of a group of youngsters who feel lost and try to find the true meaning of life. Nomad is considered as one of the representatives of the Hong Kong New Wave films.
 Amour de poche (English: Girl in His Pocket) is a French comedy Fantasy film from 1957 directed by Pierre Kast written by France Roche starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel Diminishing Draft of Waldemar Kamempfert. The film was known under the title Girl in His Pocket (USA) Alchimie der Liebe (West Germany) Nude in His Pocket.
 Morphine is a 2008 Russian film by Aleksei Balabanov.The film is based on semi-autobiographical short stories by Mikhail Bulgakov.
 Ten Cents a Dance is a 1945 American comedy film starring Jane Frazee.
 Egklima sta paraskinia (Greek: Greek: Έγκλημα στα παρασκήνια) is a 1960 Greek theatrical film noir film starring Dinos Alekos Alexandrakis Maro Kontou Hristos Tsaganeas Titos Vandias Aliki Georgouli Georges Sarri and Dimos Starenios. The writer was from the famous police novelist Giannis Maris.
 The Double Event is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln based on the first novel by Nat Gould which had been adapted several times for the stage notably by Bland Holt.It is considered a lost film.
 Danger Flight is a 1939 American film directed by Howard Bretherton and starring John Trent as Tailspin Tommy Tompkins.
 Ek Doctor Ki Maut (Hindi: एक डॉकटर की मौत English: Death of a Doctor) is a 1990 award winning film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha which depicts the ostracism bureaucratic negligence reprimand and insult of a doctor and his research instead of recognition. The film is based on a story Abhimanyu by Ramapada Choudhury. This movie is loosely based on the life of Dr.
 Chaplin is a 1992 British-American biographical film about the life of British comedian Charlie Chaplin. It was produced and directed by Richard Attenborough and stars Robert Downey Jr. Moira Kelly Dan Aykroyd Penelope Ann Miller and Kevin Kline.
 Lung Fung Restaurant is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Poon Man Kit and starring Max Mok Stephen Chow Ellen Chan and Charine Chan.
 That Funny Feeling is a 1965 American romantic comedy film starring Sandra Dee Bobby Darin and Donald O'Connor.This was the third film pairing of Dee and then-husband Darin following 1961's Come September and 1962's If a Man Answers. It was the second film that O'Connor and Kathleen Freeman (who played a lady in a telephone booth) made together the first being Singin' in the Rain.
 The Keeping Room is an upcoming American drama thriller film directed by Daniel Barber and written by Julia Hart. The film stars Hailee Steinfeld Sam Worthington Brit Marling Amy Nuttall and Ned Dennehy.
 For the Leslie Charteris novella collection with a similar title see The Saint Returns.The Saint's Return (released in the US as The Saint's Girl Friday) is a British crime thriller from 1953 produced by Hammer Film Productions in London. It premiered in London under the original title on 12 October 1953 and was distributed in the UK by Hammer Films own distribution company Exclusive Films. It was released in the US by RKO under the US title on 15 April 1954.
 Strangers of the Night is a 1923 American silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo this film is unknown to survive.
 Love Is News is a 1937 romantic film starring Tyrone Power Loretta Young and Don Ameche. The movie was directed by Tay Garnett and was the first film for which Power had top billing. The picture was remade in 1947 as That Wonderful Urge with Power again and Gene Tierney.
 Reno 911!: Miami is a 2007 comedy film based on Comedy Central's Reno 911! directed by cast member Robert Ben Garant who plays Junior. It was released on February 23 2007. The film opened at #4 with an estimated gross of $10.4 million.
 Someday is a 1935 British romance film directed by Michael Powell and starring Esmond Knight and Margaret Lockwood. The screenplay was adapted from a novel by I. A. R. Wylie.Someday is one of eleven quota quickies directed by Powell between 1931 and 1936 of which no print is known to survive. The film is not held in the BFI National Archive and is classed as missing believed lost.
 Keeping the Kibbutz is a 2010 American documentary film co-directed by Ben Crosbie and Tessa Moran about the Israeli kibbutz which explores the background and history of the kibbutz movement and how the movement has changed to meet economic needs. The film is Eidolon Film's first feature production and received a 2012 Telly Award.
 The Eternal Mother is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. It is now believed to be lost.The film was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when Biograph Company and other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.
 The Strange Night (Italian: La notte pazza del conigliaccio) is a 1967 Italian film directed by Alfredo Angeli. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dreaming of Lords is a 1993 Australian documentary about the first cricket tour of an Australian team fully made up of aboriginals.
 Father Vojtech (Czech: Páter Vojtěch) is a 1929 silent Czech romance film directed by Martin Frič. It was Frič's debut film as a director.
 For Cash is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Gophichand Jasoos released in 1982 is about an overweight and middle-aged out-of-work private detective played by Raj Kapoor. Bela played by Zeenat Aman is Gopi's neighbour. Gopichand gets assigned to trace some diamonds that have been stolen. He finds that the diamonds are located in a coffin in a Catholic burial ground in Goa.
 On Probation is a 1981 short film created by Aardman Animations. It is one of five films released as part of the Conversation Pieces series.
 Magic Island is a 1995 DTV film released by Moonbeam Entertainment the kidvid division of Full Moon Entertainment.
 Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin (Hindi:दिल है कि मानता नहीं) is a 1991 Bollywood romantic drama film. It was produced by Gulshan Kumar directed by Mahesh Bhatt and starred his daughter Pooja Bhatt in her first major lead female role. The lead male role was played by Aamir Khan. Supporting roles were played by Anupam Kher Sameer Chitre Tiku Talsania and Deepak Tijori. It is an unofficial remake of the 1934 Hollywood film It Happened One Night which was previously adapted in Hindi as Chori Chori .
 The Monk (also known as The Final Temptation or The Seduction of a Priest) is a 1990 historical drama film directed by Francisco Lara Polop and starring Paul McGann and Sophie Ward.
 The Diamond Necklace is a 1921 British silent historical drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Milton Rosmer Jessie Winter and Sara Sample. It was based on the story The Necklace by Guy de Maupassant.
 Ex-Lady is a 1933 American comedy film directed by Robert Florey. The screenplay by David Boehm is based on an unproduced play by Edith Fitzgerald and Robert Riskin. It is a lightweight and modern version of a drawing room comedy. The film was made before the Motion Picture Production Code was in force and it is risqué: in subject matter (people having affairs without shame) in staging (double beds) and in the fairly revealing negligees that Bette Davis's character wears.
 Time Indefinite is an autobiographical 1993 documentary film directed by Ross McElwee and exploring themes of grief mortality and the convenient disconnection of watching life through a camera lens.The title comes from a passage from the Bible mentioned by a visiting Jehovah's Witness.
 Hell Has Harbour Views is a 2005 Australian television movie starring Matt Day and Lisa McCune. It was written and directed by Peter Duncan based on the novel of the same name by Richard Beasley.It was nominated for best miniseries or telemovie at both the AFI Awards and the Logie Awards losing to The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant at both; and for two additional AFI Awards and an additional Logie Award all of which it lost to Love My Way.
 Royston's Shorts is a compilation of acclaimed short films by Singaporean filmmaker Royston Tan.
 Orpheus Descending is a 1990 American television film starring Vanessa Redgrave and directed by Peter Hall. It is an adaptation of Tennessee Williams' play-of-the-same-name. Hall had directed Redgrave in an acclaimed Broadway production of the play a year earlier. The stage actors such as Redgrave Kevin Anderson and Brad Sullivan reprised their roles for the film.
 Slipping Wives is a silent comedy short film starring Priscilla Dean Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 Kaakha Kaakha (English: To Protect) is a 2003 Tamil crime thriller film written and directed by Gautham Menon. Starring Suriya Jyothika and Jeevan the film featured music composed by Harris Jayaraj and cinematography by R. D. Rajasekhar. The film released to positive review in August 2003 and went on to become the first blockbuster in Suriya's career and was considered a comeback film for producer Kalaipuli S. Dhanu. Owing to the success the film has been remade in several languages.
 Land and Freedom (or Tierra y Libertad) is a 1995 film directed by Ken Loach and written by Jim Allen. The film narrates the story of David Carr an unemployed worker and member of the Communist Party of Great Britain who decides to fight for the republican side in the Spanish Civil War. The film won the FIPRESCI International Critics Prize and the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kinara is a 1977 Hindi film by Gulzar. A major portion of the film was shot in Mandu an ancient fort city in Madhya Pradesh.
 Hanyut is a Malay film based upon the Joseph Conrad novel Almayer's Folly. The movie written and directed by U-Wei Haji Saari comprises adventure drama romance conflict and suspense.
 La Marca del Hombre Lobo (Mark of the Wolfman) is a 1968 Spanish horror film the first in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky played by Paul Naschy. The film was also known as Hell's Creatures: Dracula and the Werewolf The Nights of Satan and Frankenstein's Bloody Terror (despite the fact that there is no Frankenstein monster in this film).Naschy followed up this film with his 1968 Nights of the Wolfman (which is today a lost film) and his 1969 Monstruos del Terror.
 Demons aka Pandemonium (修羅 Shura) is a 1971 Japanese samurai jidaigeki / horror film directed by Toshio Matsumoto. Referring to asuras the movie is based on Tsuruya Nanboku and Shuji Ishizawa's play Kamikakete Sango Taisetsu and reflects the director's experimental filming background and theatrical influence.
 The Blood Rose (French: La Rose écorchée) is a 1970 French horror film directed and co-written by Claude Mulot. The film involves a portraitist named Frederick Lansac (Philippe Lemaire) wanting to restore his Anne's (Anny Duperey) face to its former beauty after it was disfigured in an accident. Lansac tries to force a surgeon named Rohmer (Howard Vernon) to perform a transplant on her.
 Serenata en Acapulco (Serenade in Acapulco) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 No Mercy No Future (German: Die Berührte) is a 1981 West German drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms.
 Rumpelstiltskin is a 1987 musical fantasy film based on the fairy tale by the Brothers Grimm. In the United States it was the first installment of Cannon Films' Movie Tales series.
 Zabriskie Point /zəˈbrɪskiː/ is a 1970 American film by Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni widely noted at the time for its setting in the late 1960s counterculture of the United States. Some of the film's scenes were shot on location at Zabriskie Point in Death Valley.This was the second of three English-language films Antonioni had been contracted to direct for producer Carlo Ponti and to be distributed by MGM.
 Farewell My Queen (French: Les Adieux à la reine) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and based on the novel of the same name by Chantal Thomas who won the Prix Femina in 2002. It gives a fictional account of the last days of Marie Antoinette in power seen through the eyes of Sidonie Laborde a young servant who reads aloud to the queen.
 Engalukkum Kaalam Varum is a 2001 Tamil comedy drama film directed by Balaruban. The film features Livingston and Kausalya in lead roles. The film produced by K. Prabhakaran had musical score by Deva and was released on 9 February 2001 to negative reviews.
 The Nativity is a 1978 television film starring Madeleine Stowe as Mary set around the Nativity of Jesus and based on the accounts in the canonical Gospels of Matthew and Luke in the apocryphal gospels of Pseudo-Matthew and James and in the Golden Legend. It was directed by Bernard L. Kowalski written by Morton S. Fine and Millard Kaufman and filmed in Almería Spain.
 Manjadikuru (Malayalam: മഞ്ചാടിക്കുരു English: Lucky Red Seeds) is a 2008 Malayalam film (theatrical release: 2012) written and directed by Anjali Menon. A shorter video version of the film was premiered at the 2008 International Film Festival of Kerala and won the FIPRESCI Award for best Malayalam film and Hassankutty award for Best Debutant Indian director.
 Tommy Atkins in the Park is an 1898 British short black-and-white silent comedy film directed by Robert W. Paul featuring couple courting in a park who are forced to use desperate measures to get rid of a stout matron who interrupts them. The film was a remake of Alfred Moul's The Soldier's Courtship (1896). It is included on the BFI DVD R.W.
 Constantine and the Cross (AKA: Costantino il grande) is a 1961 historical drama film about the early career of the emperor Constantine who first legalized and then adopted Christianity in the early 4th century. The fictionalised film only stretches as far into his life as the Battle of the Milvian Bridge in AD 312.In 303 AD Constantine became the first emperor of Gaul. Before a battle with the Romans hehas a revelation and assures his army of the freedom of worship for all Christians.
 Weergevonden is a 1914 Dutch silent film directed by Louis H. Chrispijn. It was the first film produced by Hollandia Studios and one of the first Dutch feature films.
 The Empty Canvas (1963) is an Italian drama film directed by Damiano Damiani. The screenplay by Damiani Tonino Guerra and Ugo Liberatore is based on the best-selling novel La Noia by Alberto Moravia.
 Arasu is a Kannada film starring Puneeth Rajkumar Ramya and Meera Jasmine. Popular south Indian actress Shriya Saran also make a cameo appearance in this film. This is Shriya's first Kannada language film. This film made huge expectation among the fans and become a blockbuster.
 Scaramouche is a 1952 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Technicolor romantic adventure film based on the 1921 novel Scaramouche by Rafael Sabatini as well as the 1923 film version starring Ramón Novarro.The film stars Stewart Granger Eleanor Parker Janet Leigh and Mel Ferrer. It was directed by George Sidney and produced by Carey Wilson from a screenplay by Ronald Millar and George Froeschel. The original music score was composed by Victor Young and the cinematography by Charles Rosher.
 Amphitryon is a 1935 German musical film.
 The Quiet Storm (Icelandic: Veðramót) is a 2007 Icelandic drama film written and directed by Guðný Halldórsdóttir. It was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Yellow Jack is a 1934 play and a 1938 Hollywood movie by the same name. Both were co-written by Sidney Howard and Paul de Kruif (the former a Pulitzer- and Oscar-winning playwright and screenwriter; the latter a well-known microbiologist and author). The plot line follows the events of the well-known Walter Reed Boards in which Major Walter Reed of the U.S. Army worked to diagnose and treat yellow fever (called “yellow jack”) in Cuba in 1898-1900. The U.S.
 The Cub is an extant 1915 silent film drama produced by William A. Brady and directed by Maurice Tourneur. The film is based on a 1910 Broadway play The Cub by Thompson Buchanan also produced by Brady. This marks the only time stage actress Martha Hedman starred in a film. This film has been recently restored and available for viewing and DVD purchase.
 A Kind of America (Hungarian: Valami Amerika) is a Hungarian comedy film from 2002.
 Den starkaste is a 1929 silent Swedish drama film directed by Axel Lindblom and Alf Sjöberg. It was Sjöberg's debut film as a director.
 Idlewild is an American musical film released August 25 2006 written and directed by Bryan Barber. The film stars André 3000 and Big Boi of the hip hop duo OutKast and Idlewild features musical numbers written produced and chiefly performed by OutKast.
 सुरक्षा (Hindi: सुरक्षा; translation: Protection) is a 1979 Hindi language movie directed by Ravikant Nagaich. The film stars Mithun Chakravorty Ranjeeta Jeevan Jagdeep Iftekhar and Aruna Irani. Based as a spy thriller (with hero's code of Gunmaster G9) it was the first of a two of such films with Mithun in the lead the other being Wardat. The film also marked Bappi Lahiri's entry as a singer. The success of Surakshaa made Mithun a commerial star.
 Eva is a 1948 Swedish drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and written by Ingmar Bergman.
 Detektiv Braun is a 1914 German silent crime film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Alwin Neuß and Friedrich Kühne. It was part of a series of German films featuring Neuß as Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes.
 Ball Don't Lie is a 2008 film directed by Brin Hill. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Matt de la Peña. It stars AND1 Mixtape team member Grayson Boucher a.k.a. The Professor. The film premiered at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival.
 Moonlight and Valentino is a 1995 dramedy film directed by David Anspaugh. The screenplay by Ellen Simon is based on her semi-autobiographical play of the same title.
 Stick Around is a 1925 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Doughgirls is a 1944 American film comedy revolving around the newlywed Halstead couple and their misadventures trying to find some privacy and living space in the housing shortage of wartime Washington D.C.
 Against the Ropes is a 2004 drama movie. It stars Meg Ryan and Omar Epps and was directed by Charles S. Dutton in his motion-picture directorial debut.The story is a fictionalized account of the American boxing manager Jackie Kallen who was the first woman to become a success in the sport.
 Sukeban Deka the Movie 2: Counter-Attack from the Kazama Sisters (スケバン刑事 風間三姉妹の逆襲) is a live action Japanese film that was released in 1988. The movie closely follows the manga series Sukeban Deka which was written and illustrated by Shinji Wada. The movie also stars the only returning actresses Yui Asaka who was the same actress for the TV series. Being a sequel to Sukeban Deka The Movie the movie is followed by a third movie entitled Yo-Yo Girl Cop in the year 2006.
 Annanagar Mudhal Theru is a 1988 Tamil film starring Sathyaraj Radha Ambika Janagaraj Raghuvaran and Manorama. Prabhu makes an extended cameo appearance. The film was a remake of the 1986 Malayalam film Gandhinagar 2nd Street starring Mohanlal and Karthika directed by Sathyan Anthikad. The film is a mixture of comedy romance sentiments and affection. It was a profitable venture for Vivekananda Film Circuit K.Padmavathi.
 Blue Ruin is a 2013 American thriller film directed by Jeremy Saulnier. The film had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival as part of the Directors' Fortnight section on May 17 2013 where it won the FIPRESCI Prize. Saulnier funded production on the film through a successful Kickstarter campaign which MTV.com called the perfect example of what crowdfunding can accomplish.The film was released to theaters and VOD on April 25 2014.
 The Duel is a 2000 Hong Kong film wuxia comedy film directed by Andrew Lau and starring Andy Lau Ekin Cheng Nick Cheung Kristy Yang Zhao Wei and Patrick Tam. The film is adapted from Juezhan Qianhou of Gu Long's Lu Xiaofeng novel series. It is known for its humorous take on the original story and its special effects.[citation needed]
 Make It Big (Hangul: 일단 뛰어; RR: Ildan Dwieo) is a 2002 South Korean comedy film. Song Seung-heon Kim Young-jun and Kwon Sang-woo play three high school students who are startled when a bagful of money and a dead man fall on top of their car. Once they realize just how much money is in the bag they give up any thought of calling the police.
 Ready is a 2011 Indian musical romantic comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee starring Salman Khan and Asin in the lead roles. It also features Paresh Rawal Arya Babbar and Mahesh Manjrekar in supporting roles while Sanjay Dutt Ajay Devgan Kangna Ranaut Zarine Khan and Arbaaz Khan make cameo appearances. It is a remake of the 2008 Telugu film Ready directed by Sreenu Vaitla starring Ram and Genelia. The music is given by Pritam.
 Aame Katha (Telugu: ఆమె కథ) is a 1977 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao starring Jayasudha in the title role.It also featured Rajinikanth in an extended guest role.
 Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla released in Japan as Godzilla × Mechagodzilla (ゴジラ×メカゴジラ Gojira tai Mekagojira) is a 2002 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Masaaki Tezuka written by Wataru Mimura and produced by Toho Co. Ltd. It is the 26th installment in the Godzilla franchise and the fourth film to feature Mechagodzilla.
 The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends is a 2007 direct-to-video animated film and the thirteenth film in The Land Before Time series. The plot centers around Littlefoot Cera Ducky Spike and Petrie who are excited to meet two yellow-bellied Beipiaosaurus Loofah and Doofah who have lost their way while traveling to distant Berry Valley.
 Las hijas del Amapolo (The Daughters of the Poppies) is a 1960 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Amanti miei (literally: My Lovers internationally released as Cindy's Love Games Tight Fit and Barbara's Escapades) is a 1979 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Aldo Grimaldi.
 Tuesday (rendered as Tu£sday) is a low-budget 2008 British heist film set in the 1980s. It stars John Simm Philip Glenister Ashley Walters and Kevin McNally as jewel thieves. The film was released in the UK on 10 October 2008.
 Famila is a 2005 Moroccan short film.
 Désirée is a 1954 historical film biography made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Julian Blaustein from a screenplay by Daniel Taradash based on the best-selling novel Désirée by Annemarie Selinko. The music score was by Alex North and the cinematography by Milton R. Krasner.
 The Brutal Boxer is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Leaving Home is a full-length documentary film on the Indian music band Indian Ocean directed by Jaideep Varma.The film was shot in 2006 and edited in 2007/8. It made history in 2010 by becoming the first documentary film in the history of Indian cinema to release nationally in theatres.Besides travelling to a few film festivals in India and abroad it was the opening film at the Goa International Film Festival in November 2010 and won the National Film Award in 2011.
 De Dijk is Dicht is a 1950 Dutch film directed by Anton Koolhaas.
 Cupido pierde a Paquita (Cupid Loses Paquita) is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 You're Only Young Once (1937) is the second Andy Hardy movie with Lewis Stone permanently replacing Lionel Barrymore as Judge Hardy and Mickey Rooney appearing as his son Andy. MGM replaced Barrymore and Spring Byington (with Fay Holden) since were too expensive for the sequel's modest budget. Only Rooney Cecilia Parker and Sara Haden as Aunt Milly remained from the original cast.
 Brother Rat and a Baby starring Priscilla Lane Wayne Morris Jane Bryan Eddie Albert Jane Wyman and Ronald Reagan is the sequel to the 1938 film Brother Rat about cadets at the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington Virginia. Mayo Methot and Alan Ladd appear in small roles. The movie was directed by Ray Enright and remains notable for featuring future US president Reagan and wife Wyman.
 Iron Cross is a 2009 British thriller film. The film was written and directed by British film director Joshua Newton and was released in the USA in December 2009 although it was not released in the UK until March 2011. It stars Roy Scheider in his final film role.When developing the script Joshua Newton Iron Cross's writer and director asked himself what his father would do in the event that he discovered the man who murdered his family during the Holocaust.
 Jules and Jim (French: Jules et Jim IPA: [ʒyl e dʒim]) is a 1962 French film directed by François Truffaut based on Henri-Pierre Roché's 1953 semi-autobiographical novel about his relationship with writer Franz Hessel and his wife Helen Grund.Truffaut came across the book in the mid-1950s whilst browsing through some secondhand books in Paris and later befriended the elderly Roché.
 Convict 99 is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring British comedian Will Hay and Googie Withers.
 Shark Night (advertised as Shark Night 3D) is a 2011 American 3-D horror action film directed by David R. Ellis and written by Will Hayes and Jesse Studenberg. It stars Sara Paxton Katharine McPhee Alyssa Diaz Dustin Milligan and Joel David Moore. The film which was negatively received by critics and grossed $40 million worldwide was released in Real D 3D and Digital 3D. This is David R. Ellis' final film before his death.
 Romeo y Julita is a 1953 Argentine film.
 The Menace to Carlotta is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Pauline Bush William C. Dowlan and Lon Chaney. Chaney also wrote the film's scenario. It was banned by the censor of Quebec on March 19 1914. The film is now considered lost.
 Balaxanı-Sabunçu Polis İdarəsi Süvari Qorodovoylarının At Oynatmaları is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Aleksandr Mişon. It was released in 1898.The film was shot on 35mm.
 Undercurrent (Icelandic: Brim) is a 2010 Icelandic drama film based on a play by the same name and produced by the acclaimed theatre group Vesturport. The film won the Best Picture award at the 2011 Edda Awards in Iceland.
 Insaciable is a 1976 Argentine film.
 The Broken Melody is a 1934 British musical drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring John Garrick Margot Grahame Merle Oberon and Austin Trevor. A composer kills his wife's lover and having escaped from the prison on Devil's Island returns to France and writes an opera about the experience.
 Hawa is 2003 Hindi horror film starring Tabu. The film was a remake[citation needed] of the 1981 film The Entity which stars Barbara Hershey. It was later dubbed in Telugu for TV viewers as Naa Intlo Oka Roju and then in Tamil as Raja Leelai.
 Marie Antoinette is a 1938 film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starred Norma Shearer as Marie Antoinette. Based upon the 1932 biography of the ill-fated Queen of France by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig it had its Los Angeles premiere at the legendary Carthay Circle Theatre where the landscaping was specially decorated for the event.The film was the last project of Irving Thalberg who died in 1936 while it was in the planning stage.
 Pokémon 4Ever: Celebi - Voice of the Forest originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters the Movie: Celebi A Timeless Encounter (劇場版ポケットモンスター セレビィ 時を越えた遭遇（であい） Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Serebyi Toki o Koeta Deai lit. Celebi: The Meeting that Traversed Time) is a 2001 Japanese anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and based on the television series Pokémon. It is the fourth official Pokémon film. It was released in Japan on July 7 2001.
 Chikan Densha: Suggestive Indecent Hips (痴漢電車　挑発する淫ら尻 Chikan Densha: Chōhatsusuru Midara Shiri) aka Monzetsu!! Densha Otoko (悶絶!!電車男) and Chikan Densha: Otakuna Kaikan (痴漢電車　オタクな快感) is a 2005 Japanese pink film directed by Naoyuki Tomomatsu. It won the Bronze Prize at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and was chosen Best Film of the year by Film Treasures magazine.
 Almost Human also known as The Death Dealer The Kidnap of Mary Lou and The Executioner (in original Italian Milano odia: la polizia non può sparare: Milan hates: the Police can't open fire) is a 1974 poliziotteschi film. This film by Umberto Lenzi stars Tomas Milian and Henry Silva.
 Up in the World is a 1956 comedy film starring Norman Wisdom Maureen Swanson and Jerry Desmonde directed by John Paddy Carstairs and made by Rank.Norman gets a job as a window cleaner in a stately home where an obnoxious boy has an extremely over-protective mother.
 The Great Train Robbery is a 1941 American low-budget crime-western directed by Joseph Kane and starring Bob Steele and Claire Carlton.
 Immer die Radfahrer is a 1958 Austrian / West German film directed by Hans Deppe.
 Bullet to Beijing is a 1995 made-for-television film that continues the adventures of the fictional spy Harry Palmer who appeared in the 1960s films The Ipcress File Funeral in Berlin and Billion Dollar Brain based on books by author Len Deighton. Though an alternate title is Len Deighton's Bullet to Beijing Deighton was not associated with the film at all.The sequel Midnight in Saint Petersburg was filmed back-to-back with this film.
 Discord is a 1933 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Owen Nares Benita Hume and Harold Huth. Its plot involves a struggling composer who has to be supported financially by his wealthier wife. It was based on the play A Roof and Four Walls by E. Temple Thurston.
 Ranuva Veeran is a 1981 Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman starring Rajinikanth and Sridevi in the lead roles and Chiranjeevi in supporting role. It was dubbed into Telugu as Bandipotu Simham (and released 21 May 1982). The movie was a moderate success.
 Crime that Changed Serbia (Serbian: Bидимо се у читуљи / Vidimo se u čitulji; lit.
 American Girls (Dutch: Amerikaansche meisjes) is a 1918 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 The Secret (Italian: Il segreto) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Maselli. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Moon Pilot is a 98 minute Technicolor science fiction satirical comedy released in 1962 by Buena Vista Distribution. Based on Robert Buckner's 1960 novel Starfire it was directed by James Neilson and reflects Disney's interest in America's early space program during the John F. Kennedy era.
 Hardboiled Rose (1929) is a 62-minute part-talkie released by Warner Bros. and starring Myrna Loy William Collier Jr. and John Miljan.
 Steamin' + Dreamin': The Grandmaster Cash Story is a 2009 Irish independent comedy film directed by Shaun O' Connor and written by Con Doyle Joe Kiely Conor Stanley and O' Connor. The mockumentary stars Doyle as the title character a Cork hip-hop artist struggling to achieve recognition in the international hip-hop scene. It also stars Stanley as Cash's rival rapper Dr Feekinstein and Kiely as Seamus Kelly the sociology student who directs the film's documentary.
 e-Dreams is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Wonsuk Chin portraying the rise and fall of Kozmo.com an online convenience store that utilized bike messengers to deliver goods ordered online within an hour.The movie follows Joseph Park and Yong Kang 20-something Korean American investment bankers whose company started in a warehouse with a small group of employees and grew to 3000 employees and an 11-city network within a year.
 Kayda Kanoon is an Indian film directed by Pradeep Mani and released in 1993. It stars Akshay Kumar Ashwini Bhave and Sudesh Berry.
 Premer Kahini (translation: Story of Love) (2008) is a Bengali film by Ravi Kinagi. the movie featured Dev Koyel Mullick Jishu Sengupta and Ranjit Mullick. This movie was the third movie of new Bengali hero Dev after super flop of his first film Agnisapath and second film I Love You. This movie is a frame-to-frame remake of blockbuster Kannada movie Mungaru Male directed by Yograj Bhat and released in 2006.
 Calle 54 is a 2000 documentary film about Latin jazz by Spanish director Fernando Trueba. With only minimal introductory voiceovers the film consists of studio performances by a wide array of Latin Jazz musicians. Artists featured include Chucho Valdés Bebo Valdés Cachao Eliane Elias Gato Barbieri Tito Puente Paquito D'Rivera Chano Domínguez Jerry Gonzalez and Michel Camilo.
 Film in Which There Appear Edge Lettering Sprocket Holes Dirt Particles Etc. is a 1966 American experimental short film directed by Owen Land.
 The Best and the Brightest is a 2010 American independent film. Directed by Josh Shelov the film stars Neil Patrick Harris and Bonnie Somerville as Jeff and Sam respectively a young couple that moves into New York City. The film centers around the effort they have to put in to get their five-year-old daughter Beatrice (Amelia Talbot) into an elite private kindergarten.This is director Josh Shelov's debut feature-film co-written with Michael Jaeger.
 A Song for Tibet is a 1991 Canadian short documentary film about efforts of Tibetans in exile led by the Dalai Lama to free their homeland and preserve their heritage. Directed by Anne Henderson A Song for Tibet received the Award for Best Short Documentary at the 13th Genie Awards as well as the People's Choice Award for Best Documentary Film at the Hawaii International Film Festival. The film was co-produced by Arcady Films DLI Productions and the National Film Board of Canada.
 Midori haruka ni (緑はるかに Midori haruka ni) is a 1955 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 Das wandernde Bild is a 1920 German film directed by Fritz Lang. The film is also known as The Moving Image and The Wandering Image.
 The Eagle's Talons is a 1923 film serial directed by Duke Worne. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Original Kings of Comedy is a 2000 stand-up comedy film directed by Spike Lee and featuring the comedy routines of Steve Harvey D.L. Hughley Cedric the Entertainer and Bernie Mac. Filmed in front of an audience at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte North Carolina the comedians give the audience their views about African-American culture race relations religion and family.
 Cherry Harry & Raquel! is a 1970 softcore exploitation film produced and directed by American film director Russ Meyer.
 Black Gold is a 2006 feature length documentary film. The story follows the efforts of an Ethiopian Coffee Union manager as he travels the world to obtain a better price for his workers' coffee beans.The film is directed and produced by Marc Francis and Nick Francis from Speakit Films and co-produced by Christopher Hird. It premiered at Sundance in 2006.
 Road House 2: Last Call is a 2006 action adventure film. It is the sequel to Road House (1989) and was released direct to DVD.
 A Carol for Another Christmas is a 1964 American television movie scripted by Rod Serling as a modernization of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol and a plea for global cooperation between nations. It was telecast only once on December 28 1964. The only TV movie ever directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz this was the film in which Peter Sellers gave his first performance after suffering a series of near-fatal heart attacks in the wake of his marriage to Britt Ekland.
 Naseeb apna apna is a Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film directed by Qamar Zaidi and produced by Waheed Murad. It cast Waheed Murad Shabnam Zamrrud Tamanna Nirala and Saqi. It was a blockbuster musical love story. The songs of the film esp. Aye abr-e-karam... became so popular among the Waheed Murad's and Shabnam's fans. It proved to be one of the greatest hits in the early stage of Shabnam's film career.
 Double X: The Name of the Game is a 1992 British thriller film. The screenplay by Shani S. Grewal is based in part on Vengeance a novel by David Fleming.The film features Norman Wisdom William Katt Gemma Craven Simon Ward Bernard Hill & Chloë Annett
 El Húsar de la Muerte (Spanish: The Hussar of the Death) is a 1925 Chilean silent film movie. El Húsar de la Muerte was directed and starred by Pedro Sienna.The movie narrates the adventures of the guerrilla leader Manuel Rodríguez during the Reconquista until his death in 1818.The movie lasts 65 minutes and was premiered in Santiago Chile on November 24 1925.
 Killing in Istanbul (originally Kilink Istanbul'da) is a 1967 Turkish film directed by Yilmaz Atadeniz.
 The Swordsman or Swordsman is a 1990 Hong Kong wuxia film. King Hu was credited as the director but he allegedly left the project midway and the film was completed by a team led by producer Tsui Hark. The film is adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling Proud Wanderer. The theme song of the film Chong Hoi Yat Sing Siu (滄海一聲笑) was written by Wong Jim and performed by lead actor Sam Hui.
 Blazing Flowers' also known as Milano... difendersi o morire is a 1978 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Gianni Martucci.
 Vedigundu Murugesan (English: Bomb Murugesan) is a Tamil language film released in 2009. It stars Pasupathy and Jyothirmayi in the lead roles.Vadivelu's comedy in this film is outstanding and he steals the show by his superb comedy.
 A Crime in Paradise French: Un crime au paradis is a French comedy film from 2001 directed by Jean Becker written by Sacha Guitry (1951) and starring by Jacques Villeret. The scenario was used on the film La Poison (1951).
 Sahhas is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ravikant Nagaich starring Mithun Chakraborty Rati Agnihotri Shakti Kapoor Sharat Saxena Radha V. Singh and Jagdeep
 Spangles is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by George Banfield and starring Fern Andra Forrester Harvey and Lewis Dayton. It was made at Walthamstow Studios. A circus girl goes to London and enjoys great success. However she eventually decides to return home.
 Heidi is a 1993 television miniseries based on the classic Swissnovel by Johanna Spyri which has sold over 50 million copies and has been adapted for film and television nearly 20 times. Heidi originally aired on July 18 and 19 1993. and stars Noley Thorton in the title role.
 Ladies in Love (1936) is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Janet Gaynor Constance Bennett and Loretta Young. The film revolves around three roommates (Gaynor Bennett and Young) in exotic Budapest and their comical romantic adventures. Gaynor Bennett and Young were billed above the title with Gaynor receiving top billing.
 Thiramala (Malayalam: തിരമാല) is a 1953 Malayalam film directed by Vimal Kumar and P.R.S. Pillai starring SathyanKumari Thankam and Thomas burleigh. Acclaimed Director Ramu Kariat was an assistant director in this film. The film has a significant place in the history of Malayalam cinema.
 Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is a 2005 comedy film produced by 20th Century Fox. It is the sequel to the family comedy film Cheaper by the Dozen (2003). Shawn Levy the director of the first film did not return as director for this sequel which was instead directed by Adam Shankman (The Pacifier). Levy was a producer of the film and made an appearance as a hospital intern in the movie.
 Loaded is a 2008 American drama/crime film directed by Alan Pao.
 Under Wraps is a 1997 Disney Channel Original Movie and the second to be called as such.
 The Class (Estonian: Klass) is an Estonian film about school violence directed by Ilmar Raag. It was released on March 16 2007. There has also been produced a 7 episode lasting series that tells what happens after the initial movie entitled Class: After Life (Estonian: Klass: Elu pärast).
 Pakshe (Malayalam: പക്ഷേ; English: But) is a 1994 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Cheriyan Kalpakavadi and directed by Mohan. It stars Mohanlal and Shobhana in the lead roles. Though a usually repeated story in Malayalam films the director is successful in saying the story in the most heart-touchable way. The film was critically acclaimed and was a box-office success and is rated as one of best films in Malayalam film industry.
 Baazigar (English: Gambler) is a 1993 Bollywood crime thriller film directed by Abbas-Mustan it is a contemporary thriller about a young man who stops at nothing to get what he wants.The story of Bazzigar was own from Saraswatichandra novel. This was Shah Rukh Khan's breakthrough role as the sole lead and Shilpa Shetty's debut film. Baazigar was the first film where Shah Rukh Khan played the role of an antagonist and also the first film which earned Khan a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
 The Way Way Back is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash in their directorial debut. The film stars Liam James Steve Carell Toni Collette Allison Janney AnnaSophia Robb Sam Rockwell and Maya Rudolph with Rob Corddry Amanda Peet Faxon and Rash in supporting roles. It premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival.
 The Slim Princess is a 1915 comedic film directed by E. H. Calvert and starring Francis X. Bushman Ruth Stonehouse and Wallace Beery. (This is believed to have been Beery's first full-length feature film.) The movie was written by Edward T. Lowe Jr. from a story by George Ade and was subsequently remade into a a 1920 film starring Mabel Normand.
 The Adventures of Antar and Abla (Arabic: مغامرات عنتر وعبلة‎ Arabic: Mughamarat Antar wa Abla‎) is a 1948 Egyptian film directed by Salah Abu Seif. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Pioneers is a 1926 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. The script had been written by Lottie Lyell but she had died by the time filming started. It was considered a lost film but some surviving footage from it has recently emerged.
 Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome is a short 38-minute film by Kenneth Anger filmed in 1954. Anger created two other versions of this film in 1966 and the late 1970s. According to Anger the film takes the name pleasure dome from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's atmospheric poem Kubla Khan. Anger was inspired to make the film after attending a Halloween party called Come as your Madness.Early prints of the film had sequences that were meant to be projected on three different screens.
 Looking for Trouble is a 1934 American crime film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Spencer Tracy Jack Oakie and Constance Cummings. After he is rejected by a woman a man leaves his safe job and joins a gang that robs banks.
 Mutant Chronicles is a 2008 independent science fiction horror film loosely based on the role-playing game of the same name. The film was directed by Simon Hunter and stars Thomas Jane and Ron Perlman. The film was released throughout Europe in 2008. The film premiered on VOD on March 27 2009 and had a theatrical release for selected cities on April 24 2009. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 4 2009.
 Nostalgia for the Light (Spanish: Nostalgia de la Luz) is a documentary released in 2010 by Patricio Guzmán to address the lasting impacts of Augusto Pinochet’s dictatorship. Guzmán focuses on the similarities between astronomers researching humanity’s past in an astronomical sense and the struggle of many Chilean women who still search after decades for the remnants of their relatives executed during the dictatorship.
 Sneeze Me Away is an animated short film written and directed by Ryan Grobins.
 Les Milles is a 1995 French drama film directed by Sébastien Grall.
 Under Ten Flags (Italian: Sotto dieci bandiere) is a 1960 Italian-American war film directed by Duilio Coletti. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rottweiler is a 2004 science fiction horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and starring Paulina Gálvez Paul Naschy and Ivana Baquero.
 The W Plan (1930) is a British spy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Brian Aherne Madeleine Carroll Austin Trevor George Merritt and Milton Rosmer.
 Ninnishtam Ennishtam 2 is a Malayalam romance film directed by Alleppey Ashraf starring newcomers Suresh and Sunitha in the lead roles. It is a sequel to the 1986 superhit film Ninnishtam Ennishtam.
 All That Heaven Allows (1955) is a romance feature film starring Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson in a tale about a well-to-do widow and a younger landscape designer falling in love. The screenplay was written by Peg Fenwick based upon a story by Edna L. Lee and Harry Lee. The film was directed by Douglas Sirk and produced by Ross Hunter.In 1995 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
 The Homecoming of Odysseus (German: Die Heimkehr des Odysseus) is a 1918 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten Bruno Decarli and Arthur Bergen.
 Lorna's Silence (French: Le silence de Lorna) is a 2008 drama film by the Belgian brothers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne. It was the winner of the 2008 LUX Prize.
 This article is about the Kannada film. For the caste please see Jogi (castes).Jogi (Kannada: ಜೋಗಿ) is a 2005 Kannada film with Shivrajkumar and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles; it was directed by Prem who had previously directed Kariya. Jogi was released on 19 August 2005. Record box office collection was reported across Karnataka and the movie completed 100 days in more than 61 theaters. The film was noted for its technical prowess colloquial Kannada dialogue and lyrics.
 You Got Served is a film written and directed by Chris Stokes manager of its stars recording artist Marques Houston and the members of boy band B2K. The plot concerns a group of dancers who take part in a street dancing competition. It was released by Columbia Pictures' Screen Gems division on January 30 2004 and was produced by Marcus Morton Cassius Weathersby Billy Pollina Kris Cruz Toledo.
 The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina (Luxembourgish: D'Schatzritter an d'Geheimnis vum Melusina) is a 2012 German-Luxembourgian children's film. Directed by Laura Schroeder. The film owns an Enid Blyton-like story plot.
 Lost Planet Airmen is a 1951 science fiction black-and-white American feature film edited by uncredited persons from the 1949 film serial King of the Rocket Men which was written by Royal K. Cole and William Lively and directed by Fred C. Brannon. The plot synopsis contents consist in summary of the story tale of a young man and member of a scientific group who uses new rocket-powered flying suit to thwart the shadowy saboteur Dr. Vulcan.
 Once a Thief is a 1991 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by John Woo starring Chow Yun-fat Leslie Cheung Cherie Chung Kenneth Tsang and Chu Kong. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 2 February 1991.Although the action sequences are quite faithful to Woo's typical choreography comic relief and the general mood distinguish it from his grittier works such as his previous film Bullet in the Head (1990).
 Kapalika is a Malayalam Drama film directed by Preethy Panikker. The film is produced by Madhusoodanan and starring Sona Nair K.Madhu and Sreelatha in the lead roles. The film is scripted by Rajeev Gopalakrishnan
 Kaba Sone Hti (Burmese: ကမ္ဘာဆုံးထိ [ɡəbà zóʊɴ tʰḭ]; lit. Till the End of the World) is a 2005 Burmese musical drama film directed by Khin Maung Oo and Soe Thein Htut.
 Airplane! (titled Flying High! in Australia New Zealand South Africa Japan and the Philippines) is a 1980 American satirical comedy film directed and written by David Zucker Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Robert Hays and Julie Hagerty and features Leslie Nielsen Robert Stack Lloyd Bridges Peter Graves Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Lorna Patterson.
 I Spit on Your Corpse also known as Fatal Pursuit and Girls for Rent is a 1974 crime film directed by cult director Al Adamson and distributed on DVD by Troma Entertainment.
 Critic's Choice is a 1963 film comedy directed by Don Weis. Based on the 1960 Broadway play of the same name by Ira Levin the movie starred Bob Hope and Lucille Ball and included Rip Torn Marilyn Maxwell Jim Backus Marie Windsor and Jerome Cowan in the cast.This was the last of four films that Hope and Ball made together.
 Moonrise Kingdom is a 2012 American film directed by Wes Anderson written by Anderson and Roman Coppola. Described as an eccentric pubescent love story it features newcomers Jared Gilman and Kara Hayward in the film's main roles and an ensemble cast.Filming took place in Rhode Island from April until June 29 2011. Worldwide rights to the independently-produced film were acquired by Focus Features.
 Shun Li and the Poet (Italian: Io sono Li) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Segre. It won the European Parliament Lux Prize in 2012. Zhao Tao won the 2012 David di Donatello for Best Actress for her performance as Shun Li. It also took out the 2014 Whitehead Award at the 13th annual international film festival.
 The Sandlot also known as The Sandlot Kids is a 1993 American coming-of-age film directed by David M. Evans which tells the story of a group of young baseball players during the summer of 1962. The filming location was in Glendale Salt Lake City Utah. The film was released with the title The Sandlot Kids in Australia and the United Kingdom.
 'Khodar Pore Ma' is an 2012 Dhallywood action drama film directed by Shahin-Sumon. The film features Shakib Khan Bobita Shahara and Misha Showdagor in lead roles. The film released on Eid al-Fitr of 20 Augst 2012. Upon release the film received positive reviews and highest grossing films of 2012.
 How We Got The Army In Trouble (Italian: Come inguaiammo l'esercito) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Lucio Fulci. This film was also known as I Due Marmittoni (translation: The Two Rookies) or How We Got Into Trouble with the Army.
 The Apartment is a 1960 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Billy Wilder which stars Jack Lemmon Shirley MacLaine and Fred MacMurray. It was Wilder's next movie after Some Like It Hot and like its predecessor a commercial and critical smash grossing $25 million at the box office. The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won five including Best Picture.
 Deool (Marathi: देऊळ English: The Temple) is a 2011 Indian Marathi film directed by Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni and produced by Abhijeet Gholap. The film stars Girish Kulkarni Nana Patekar Dilip Prabhawalkar Sharvani Pillaai Sonali Kulkarni in lead roles.
 Aaron Slick from Punkin Crick (aka Marshmallow Moon in the UK and the Philippines and Härkiä heiniä ja hakkailua in Finland) was a 1952 'hillbilly' movie made by Paramount Pictures directed by Claude Binyon and produced by William Perlberg and George Seaton. It is based on a 1919 play by Walter Benjamin Hare.
 Zu Warriors from the Magic Mountain is a 1983 Hong Kong supernatural fantasy film directed by Tsui Hark who attempts to combine Hong Kong action cinema with Western special effects technology. The film was nominated for five Hong Kong Film Awards in 1984 (Best Action Choreography - Corey Yuen Best Actress - Brigitte Lin Best Art Direction - William Chang Best Film Editing - Peter Cheung and Best Picture).
 Dragon Seed is a 1944 war drama film starring Katharine Hepburn. Based on a best-selling book by Pearl S. Buck the film portrays a peaceful village in China that has been invaded by the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese war. The men in the village choose to adopt a peaceful attitude toward their conquerors but Jade (played by Hepburn) a headstrong woman stands up to the Japanese.Aline MacMahon was nominated for an Academy Award for best supporting actress.
 Johnny on the Run is a 1953 adventure film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
 Too Late the Hero is a 1970 Anglo-American war film directed by Robert Aldrich and starring Michael Caine Henry Fonda Cliff Robertson Ken Takakura Denholm Elliott Ian Bannen Lance Percival Ronald Fraser Harry Andrews and Percy Herbert.
 The Unknown Soldier (Finnish: Tuntematon sotilas) is a Finnish film directed by Edvin Laine and premiered in December 1955. It is based on The Unknown Soldier a novel by Väinö Linna. The story is about the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union as told from the viewpoint of ordinary Finnish soldiers. The film was and remains the most successful movie ever in Finland; about 2.8 million people or more than half the Finnish population saw it in theaters.
 Everybody in Our Family (Romanian: Toată lumea din familia noastră) is a 2012 Romanian comedy drama film directed by Radu Jude.
 Roads to the South is a 1978 film directed by Joseph Losey. It stars Yves Montand and Miou-Miou.
 Berlin im Aufbau (English: Berlin under Construction) is an East German documentary film directed by Kurt Maetzig (one of East Germany's most respected filmmakers) between 1945 and 1946. It was a prominent 22 minute documentary released in 1946 and produced by the Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA) film company.
 Bhoopathi (Kannada: ಭೂಪತಿ) is a 2007 Kannada action film directed and written by S. Govinda. The film features Darshan and Sherin in the lead roles whilst K. S. Ashwath and Sumalatha play other pivotal roles.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by V. Harikrishna.
 Aan Piranna Veedu is a Malayalam comedy drama film written and directed by K. P. Sunil. It stars Kailash and Aswathy Ashok in the lead roles with Innocent Vinaya Prasad and Suraj Venjaramoodu doing other pivotal roles.
 A Fistful of Fingers is a 1994 British film written and directed by Edgar Wright.It is a homonymous remake of an earlier and even lower-budget movie by Wright and starring Graham Low which had been made while they were still at school.
 Jaanam Samjha Karo (English translation: Understand Me Nevertheless) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Andaleeb Sultanpuri who is the son of veteran lyricist Majrooh Sultanpuri. It was released on 2 April 1999. The film stars Salman Khan Urmila Matondkar in lead roles with Monica Bedi Shakti Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor in supporting roles
 Apartment 1303 is a Japanese horror film directed by Ataru Oikawa that revolves around a woman who investigates a series of suicides in her late sister's apartment. Based on Ju-on horror author Kei Oishi's original novel.
 Lies of the Twins is a 1991 film directed by Tim Hunter.
 The Color of Lies is a 1999 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is Au cœur du mensonge (literally At the heart of the lie). The film was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Lindsay Lohan's Indian Journey is a 2010 British documentary film directed and produced by Maninderpal Sahota. It is presented and narrated by American actress and singer Lindsay Lohan. In the hour long documentary Lohan talks to victims of human trafficking in Delhi Kolkata and a village in West Bengal. She also talks to a former trafficker parents of trafficked children and visits the Sanlaap women's and children's shelter in Kolkata.
 Sword of Desperation (必死剣鳥刺し Hisshiken Torisashi) is a 2010 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
 Waxwork II: Lost in Time is a 1992 horror/comedy film directed and written by Anthony Hickox and a sequel to the 1988 film Waxwork.
 Miss Mary is an Indian comedy film from 1957 directed by L.V. Prasad. The movie is an AVM production written by Hargobind Duggal and directed by L. V. Prasad. The original Missiamma was directed in Telegu in 1955 and also in Tamil with Savitri playing the title role in the South made films. It was remade in Hindi as Miss Mary in 1957 with Meena Kumari in the titular role keeping Jamuna as the constant factor in all these films. L. V. Prasad directed all three versions.
 Kill Your Darlings is a 2013 American biographical drama film directed by John Krokidas in his feature film directorial debut. The film had its world premiere at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival garnering positive first reactions. It was shown at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and it had a limited theatrical North American release from October 16 2013.
 The King of Kings is a 1927 American silent epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It depicts the last weeks of Jesus before his crucifixion and stars H.B. Warner in the lead role. Featuring the opening and resurrection scenes in two-strip Technicolor the film is the second in DeMille's biblical trilogy preceded by The Ten Commandments (1923) and followed by The Sign of the Cross (1932).
 The Deadly Camp (Shan gou 1999) is a 1999 horror film written and directed by Bowie Lau and co-written by Kenneth Hau Wai Lai.
 The Children of Leningradsky (Polish: Dzieci z Leningradzkiego) is a 2005 Polish short documentary film about a community of homeless children living in the Leningradsky railway station in Moscow. Directed by Andrzej Celinski and Hanna Polak it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 101 Chodyangal (English: 101 Questions) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Sidhartha Siva. At the 60th National Film Awards the film won the awards for Best First Film of a Director and Best Child Artist (Minon). It also won the Silver Crow Pheasant Award for Best Feature Film (Audience Prize) at the 18th International Film Festival of Kerala.The film is set in Kaviyoor Tiruvalla director's hometown in Kerala which inspired the film.
 Lee Dae-ro Can't Die (Hangul: 이대로 죽을 순 없다; RR: Yi Dae-ro jukeulsun opta; also known as Short Time) is a 2005 South Korean action film about a corrupt police officer who is told he has only three months to live and plots his own death so his wife can collect his insurance policy. The film was released to South Korean cinemas on August 18 and received a total of 838419 admissions nationwide.The film is similar to that of the 1990 American dark comedy film Short Time.
 Alila is a 2003 Israeli film directed by Amos Gitai and starring Yaël Abecassis Uri Klauzner and Hanna Laslo. The drama follows half a dozen very different characters through their lives in modern day Israel giving Gitai an opportunity to comment on his country's top social issues.The film received mixed reviews.
 Radio Bikini is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Robert Stone. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988 for Best Documentary Feature.The film documents the nuclear tests performed around Bikini Atoll during Operation Crossroads in 1946 and their effects on the indigenous population and American servicemen involved in the testing.
 One Tough Cop is a 1998 American action crime film. It was directed by Bruno Barreto and written by Jeremy Iacone. The movie stars Stephen Baldwin as the protagonist and first-person narrator Bo Dietl a real-life New York City detective who wrote the book that the film is based on. Chris Penn costars as Dietl's partner. Gina Gershon Mike McGlone and Paul Guilfoyle also play key roles.
 The Cure for Insomnia directed by John Henry Timmis IV is a film which on its release in 1987 was according to Guinness World Records the longest running. At 5220 minutes long (87 hours or 3 days and 15 hours) in length the film has no plot instead consisting of artist L. D.
 Accomplice is a 1946 black-and-white film. The film from Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC) was shot in four days.
 Dreamy Knights is a 1916 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Sir C. P. is an upcoming Malayalam film by Ranjith Lal with Kunchacko Boban in the title role. The film would mark the coming together of two of the most popular Mollywood actresses Sheela and Jayabharathi after a span of more than two decades.
 Déjà mort is a 1998 French drama film directed by Olivier Dahan. It stars Romain Duris and David Bruce.
 Crossover Dreams is a 1985 film. The film follows singer Rudy Veloz (played by Ruben Blades) on his rise to fame.The film has moments of pathos but it is anything but melancholy. Its heart has the ebullient salsa beat. Like Rudy Veloz it appreciates the irony of the sometimes humiliating situations he lands in but it never looks back in sorrow or defeat...
 Garfield Goes Hollywood is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip. It once again featured Lorenzo Music as the voice of Garfield. The special was first broadcast May 8 1987 on CBS. It has been released on both VHS and DVD home video.
 Dil is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Una vita violenta (internationally released as Violent Life) is a 1961 Italian drama film by Paolo Heusch and Brunello Rondi at his directorial debut. It is based on a novel with the same name by Pier Paolo Pasolini.The film was shown as part of a retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 Nightmare (also released as Nightmares in a Damaged Brain) is a 1981 slasher film directed by Romano Scavolini. Nightmare gained instant notoriety among horror fans when it was banned in the UK as a video nasty and its distributor was sentenced to 18 months in prison for refusing to edit out a sequence lasting one second from the film.
 Daylight Fades is a 2010 feature film produced by Memphis-based Old School Pictures in association with Southern Pics LLC written by Allen C. Gardner and directed by Brad Ellis. It stars Matthew Stiller as Johnny and Rachel Miles as Elizabeth. Principal photography was completed after a 38-day shoot in January and February 2009. The film premiered in Memphis on June 15 2010.
 Der Arzt von Bothenow is an East German film directed by Johannes Knittel. It was released in 1961.
 Teen Kanya is a 1961 Indian Bengali anthology film directed by Satyajit Ray and based upon short stories by Rabindranath Tagore. The title means Three Girls and the film's original Indian release contained three stories. However the international release of the film contained only two stories missing out the second (Monihara: The Lost Jewels). This version was released on VHS in 1997 under the title Two Daughters.
 Le Quattro Volte (English: The Four Times) is an Italian film made in 2010 about life in the remote mountain town of Caulonia in southern Italy.
 Les Palmes de M. Schutz is a 1997 French drama film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Penny Wisdom is a 1937 American short comedy film directed by David Miller and produced by Pete Smith. The film won an Academy Award in 1938 for Best Short Subject (Color). This could be considered a remake of the MGM short film Menu (1933) also produced by Pete Smith.
 Chinna Veedu (Literal English translation: Small House; Colloquial meaning: Keep) is a 1985 Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj. This film was Commercially Successful.The movie is the debut in Tamil for lead female Kalpana who is also sister of actress Urvashi who made her debut with K. Bhagyaraj in 1983 Mundhanai Mudichu film.
 Yad Vashem: Preserving the Past to Ensure the Future is a 1989 American short documentary film produced by Ray Errol Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 When the Light Comes (Belgium: Licht Netherlands: Waar blijft het licht Germany: Die Stunde des Lichts) is a 1998 German-Dutch /Belgian romantic adventure film drama directed by Stijn Coninx and starring Francesca Vanthielen Joachim Król and Rick Engelkes. The film is based on an autobiography of the then 19-year-old student in Amsterdam Heleen van der Laan who spent the winter in Svalbard living with a fur trapper. It was adapted for the screen with the aid of Jean van de Velde.
 A Turn of the Cards is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood Howard Davies and William E. Lowery.
 Dark Habits (Spanish: Entre tinieblas) is a 1983 Spanish black comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Julieta Serrano Marisa Paredes and Chus Lampreave. The plot follows a cabaret singer who finds refuge in a convent of eccentric nuns. The film is an exploration of the anachronistic situation of institutionalized religion in contemporary Spanish society portraying spiritual desolation and moral bankruptcy.
 Jane Eyre is a 1996 American British French and Italian romantic epic and dramatic feature film adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name. This Hollywood version directed by Franco Zeffirelli is similar to the original novel although it compresses and eliminates most of the plot in the last quarter of the book (the running away the trials and tribulations new found relations and new job) to make it fit into a 2-hour movie.
 Hellraiser: Revelations is an American horror film written by Gary Tunnicliffe and directed by Víctor García. It is the ninth film in the Hellraiser film series and the first entry in the series since Hellraiser: Bloodline to be based on an original script instead of incorporating series antagonist Pinhead into an unrelated horror story.
 Little Red Flowers (Chinese: 看上去很美; pinyin: Kàn shàng qù hén měi) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuan. The film was a co-production between China's Beijing Century Good-Tidings Cultural Development Company LTD and Italy's Downtown Pictures. The Dutch company Fortissimo Films handled worldwide sales.The film based on author Wang Shuo's semi-autobiographical novel Could Be Beautiful follows a young four-year old boy Fang Qiang Qiang at a kindergarten boarding school.
 Daku Mangal Singh is a 1966 Bollywood movie directed by Chand and starring Dara Singh Mumtaz and Prithviraj Kapoor.
 Phobia 2 (Thai: ห้าแพร่ง or Ha Prang lit. 5-way Intersection) is a 2009 Thai horror film in five parts directed by Songyos Sugmakanan Banjong Pisanthanakun Parkpoom Wongpoom Visute Poolvoralaks and Paween Purijitpanya.
 Black is a 2005 Indian drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and starred by Rani Mukerji and Amitabh Bachchan. Black revolves around a blind and deaf girl and her relationship with her teacher who himself later develops Alzheimer's disease. The film draws inspiration from Helen Keller's life and struggle. The film was screened at the Casablanca Film Festival and the International Film Festival of India. It won the Filmfare Award for best film.
 The Three Robbers is a children's book by Tomi Ungerer. The book was adapted as a full length feature film by Hayo Freitag released in mid-2007. There was also a 6-minute version released in 1972 by Gene Deitch.
 Welcome 2 Ibiza is an American action comedy film about a young American girl who inherits a rundown bar and then gets involved in a hostage rescue drama. Filmed on location on the Spanish Mediterranean Island of Ibiza in 2002.Gary Busey headlines the cast of this action comedy with romantic entanglements. Filmed on location on the Spanish island of Ibiza by David Winters. The film has been released in Spain and Thailand.
 Ramchand Pakistani (Urdu: رام چند پاکستانی‎) is an Urdu-language Pakistani drama film directed by Mehreen Jabbar and produced by Javed Jabbar. The film features Nandita Das Rashid Farooqi Syed Fazel Hussain Maria Wasti and Noman Ijaz in lead roles.The film is based on a true story of a boy who inadvertently crosses the border between Pakistan and India and the following ordeal that his family has to go through.
 My Son My Son! is a 1940 American drama film based on a novel by the same name written by Howard Spring and directed by Charles Vidor. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by John DuCasse Schulze.
 A Song Is Born (also known as That's Life) is a 1948 Technicolor musical film remake of the 1941 movie Ball of Fire with Gary Cooper starring Danny Kaye and Virginia Mayo. It was directed by Howard Hawks from an original story by Billy Wilder produced by Samuel Goldwyn and released by RKO Radio Pictures.Filmed in Technicolor it featured a stellar supporting cast of musical legends including Tommy Dorsey Benny Goodman Louis Armstrong Lionel Hampton and Benny Carter.
 The Turning is a 2013 Australian anthology film based on a collection of short stories by Tim Winton. It premiered at the Melbourne International Film Festival on 3 August 2013. It was nominated for the 2013 Asia Pacific Screen Award for Best Feature Film. The film is scheduled to be screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Viyyalavari Kayyalu is a 2007 Telugu film starring Uday Kiran and Neha Jhulka. E.Satti Babu directed this movie. L. Sreedhar produced it under their banner Larsco Entertainments of Ramalakshmi Creations. It was released on 1 November 2007.
 Queenie of Hollywood is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Frits and Freddy (Dutch: Frits en Freddy) is a 2010 Flemish-Belgian comedy film directed by Guy Goossens.
 House of Secrets is a 1936 American film directed by Roland D. Reed starring Leslie Fenton and Muriel Evans.
 The Law of the Range is a 1928 American silent Western film starring Tim McCoy and Joan Crawford and Rex Lease.
 Crimes Are To Be Paid is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film.
 The Rajah's Dream (French: Le rêve du radjah ou La forêt enchantée) is a short silent film created and released in 1900 and directed by Georges Méliès.As with at least 4% of Méliès's entire output (including such films as A Trip to the Moon The Impossible Voyage The Kingdom of the Fairies and The Barber of Seville) some prints were individually hand-colored and sold at a higher price.
 World War II: When Lions Roared (also known as Then There Were Giants) is a 1994 TV movie directed by Joseph Sargent that stars Michael Caine John Lithgow and Bob Hoskins as the three major Allied leaders.It was the first video production to be produced in an early form of analog high-definition video using the Sony HDVS line of equipment expressly for broadcast in the United States on the NBC television network.
 Things Change is a 1988 comedy and drama film directed by David Mamet. It was co-written by Mamet and Shel Silverstein and stars Joe Mantegna and Don Ameche.
 Man – Woman Wanted is the English title of the Polish film Poszukiwany poszukiwana a comedy released in 1973 directed by Stanisław Bareja.
 Apocalypse is a franchise of films that were produced by the makers of Left Behind: The Movie and released by Cloud Ten Pictures that involves the events that take place during the great tribulation period after the Biblical Rapture. Although there are four (soon five) films in the series the only end-time events that are depicted in the films are the Rapture the War of Ezekiel 38-39 and the Mark of the Beast.
 The Job is a 2003 Crime drama film directed and written by Kenny Golde.
 The Sleeping Voice (La voz dormida) is a 2011 Spanish drama film based on the novel of the same name by Dulce Chacón.
 Isla de sal (English: Salt Island) is a 1964 Venezuelan drama comedy film directed by Clemente de la Cerda. It was his first feature film but was considered one of his more important works. Later he won national acclaim with his blockbuster Soy un delincuente (1976).
 La Maternelle (International title: Children of Montmartre) is a 1933 French film directed and written by Jean Benoit-Lévy and Marie Epstein. It was adapted from Léon Frapié's Prix Goncourt winning novel La Maternelle (1904). In 1935 it was ranked as the 6th best foreign film by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures and has received a 8.4 ranking (out of 10) by 27 reviewers at the Internet Movie Database.
 The Russians Are Coming the Russians Are Coming 1966 is an American comedy film directed by Norman Jewison. It is based on the Nathaniel Benchley novel The Off-Islanders and was adapted for the screen by William Rose.The movie tells the Cold War story of the comedic chaos which ensues when the Soviet submarine Спрут (pronounced sproot and meaning octopus) accidentally runs aground near a small New England island town.
 Lapin kullan kimallus (Finnish for The glitter of Lappish gold) is a 1999 Finnish movie directed by Åke Lindman.The movie is about the Finnish gold rush to Lapland in the end of the 19th century. It stars Pirkka-Pekka Petelius as Nils Lepistö and Vesa Vierikko as Jakob Ervasti.
 The Flying Fox in the Snowy Mountains is a two-part 1964 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain. The film was produced by Emei Film Company and directed by Lee Fa.
 It's Pat is a 1994 comedy film directed by Adam Bernstein and starring Julia Sweeney Dave Foley Charles Rocket and Kathy Griffin. The film was based on the Saturday Night Live (SNL) character Pat created by Sweeney an androgynous misfit whose sex is never revealed.Dave Foley plays Pat's partner Chris and Charles Rocket another SNL alumnus plays Pat's neighbor Kyle Jacobsen.
 Strange Frame: Love & Sax is a science fiction feature film created using cutout animation and written by Shelley Doty and GB Hajim. Directed by Hajim the film was slated for 2012 release as the world's first animated lesbian-themed sci-fi film. Clips of the film debuted at the Los Angeles Bent-Con on December 3 2011 and the complete film premiered in London on May 3 2012.
 Theatre of Death (also known as Blood Fiend) is a 1967 British horror movie. It stars Christopher Lee as a theatre director whose Grand Guignol theatre is thought to be linked to a series of murders.
 Mamma Moo and the Crow (Swedish: Mamma Mu & Kråkan) is a 2008 Swedish animated feature film directed by after an original script by using already well-established characters. It follows a shorter film made by the same team in This is the first time since before where a production features voice acting by others than only himself only with the exception of children that had participated in other productions as well.
 Jugni is a Pakistani film earlier called Jugni Nachdi Aye that was directed by Syed Noor. The film brought folk singer Arif Lohar back on the silver screen after eleven years. The film also stars Saima Shaan Shahid and Moammar Rana.
 Bionicle: Mask of Light (also known as Bionicle: Mask of Light—The Movie) is a 2003 direct-to-video fantasy film based on the Lego toy series Bionicle produced by Creative Capers Entertainment and released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment and Miramax Films. It has sold over 40 million copies worldwide since its release.The movie revolves around the latter half of the 2003 storyline on the island called Mata Nui home to six tribes of biomechanical creatures.
 White Palace is a 1990 film starring Susan Sarandon and James Spader. It is a romantic drama about the unlikely relationship between a young middle class widower (Spader) who falls in love with a middle-aged working class waitress (Sarandon) in St. Louis Missouri. The film was based on a novel of the same title by Glenn Savan (who appears in the film as an extra with a small speaking part) and was directed by Luis Mandoki from a screenplay by Ted Tally and Alvin Sargent.
 Bunny is a 1998 computer-animated short film by Chris Wedge and produced by Blue Sky Studios. It has been featured on the original Ice Age DVD release from 2002 and its 2006 Super Cool Edition re-release.Influenced by the classic Uncle Wiggily illustrations by Lansing Campbell the short features the music of Tom Waits.Bunny won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film for 1998 as well a Golden Nica at the Prix Ars Electronica.
 Hard Labour is a 1973 television film directed by Mike Leigh and produced by Tony Garnett which aired as part of the BBC anthology series Play for Today. The film stars Liz Smith in her first major role. The film is the most clearly drawn in all Leigh's work from the background in Higher and Lower Broughton where he grew up.
 Coco Chanel is a 2008 television film directed by Christian Duguay and written by Ron Hutchinson Enrico Medioli and Lea Tafuri. It stars Shirley MacLaine as (the older) Coco Chanel the pioneering French fashion designer. MacLaine was nominated for a Golden Globe award an Emmy and a Screen Actors Guild award for her work in the film.Coco Chanel was broadcast in the United States by cable channel Lifetime Television.
 Born Reckless (1930) is an American crime comedy directed by Andrew Bennison and John Ford from a screenplay written by Donald Henderson Clarke based on his novel Louis Beretti. The film starred Edmund Lowe and Catherine Dale Owen.
 The Likely Lads is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Michael Tuchner starring James Bolam and Rodney Bewes.
 Shaft is a 2000 American action-crime film directed by John Singleton and starring Samuel L. Jackson Jeffrey Wright Christian Bale Pat Hingle Toni Collette Busta Rhymes Vanessa L. Williams and Mekhi Phifer. This film is not a remake of the 1971 film of the same name but rather a sequel. Jackson's John Shaft character is the nephew of the original John Shaft. The film received fairly positive reviews and opened at the number one position at the box office when it debuted June 16 2000.
 Coup de Grâce (German: Der Fangschuß French: Le Coup de grâce) is a 1976 West German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff. It was adapted from the novel by the same name by the French author Marguerite Yourcenar. The title comes from the French expression meaning finishing blow.
 The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2 is an upcoming British comedy-drama film directed by John Madden and written by Ol Parker. It is the sequel to 2012 sleeper hit film The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. The film stars Judi Dench Bill Nighy Maggie Smith Richard Gere and Penelope Wilton. The film is set for a March 6 2015 (US) limited release.
 Jaanam is a 1992 Bollywood film directed by Vikram Bhatt. It stars Rahul Roy and Pooja Bhatt in the lead roles. It has a critically and publicly accalaimed soundtrack by Anu Malik.
 Damn Good Dog is a 2004 documentary film detailing the history of the Uga dynasty which was produced by Nowhere Productions directed by Erica McCarthy. Damn Good Dog is a full length movie about the life and times of Uga the mascot of the University of Georgia Bulldogs and Nation's Most Famous College Mascot (according to Sports Illustrated). Larry Munson stars as the voice of Uga.
 The Girl and the Greaser is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Allan Dwan starring Charlotte Burton J. Warren Kerrigan Louise Lester George Periolat Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.
 Aya de Yopougon is a 2012 French animated film directed by Marguerite Abouet and Clément Oubrerie and based on the graphic novel Aya of Yop City by the same authors. It was released on 23 May in France. It has been nominated for the Best Animated Feature Film at the 39th César Awards.
 Jagadeka Veeruni Katha (Telugu: జగదేకవీరుని కధ) is a 1961 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Kadiri Venkata Reddy under the banner of Vijaya Pictures. It is subsequently dubbed into Tamil language entitled Jagathala Prathapan (1961) and Kannada Bengali Oriya and Hindi languages.It is a Musical film with music score composed by Pendyala Nageswara Rao and songs penned by Pingali Nagendra Rao.
 Big Man Little Love (Turkish: Büyük Adam Küçük Aşk Kurdish: Hejar) is a 2001 international co-production drama film written and directed by Handan İpekçi about an orphaned Kurdish child and a Turkish pensioner thrown together by circumstance.
 The Secret Garden is a 1949 US drama film. It is the second screen adaptation of the classic 1909 novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett (the first adaption was a silent version filmed in 1919). The screenplay by Robert Ardrey was directed by Fred M. Wilcox.
 The Broken Coin is a 1915 American adventure-mystery film serial directed by Francis Ford. This serial is presumed to be lost.
 I Am the Media is a 2010 French documentary film by Benjamin Rassat.
 Femme Fatale is a 2002 French mystery film directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars Rebecca Romijn and Antonio Banderas. It was screened out of competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Descant for Gossips is a 1983 Australian mini series about a school girl who becomes involved with two teachers.
 Paper Doll is a 2003 American short film drama that was written and directed by Robin Bain. The film starred Bain Adair Tishler and Maria Brink.In 2003 the film received nominations for Best Actress/Robin Bain Best Director and won the category of Best Short at the SMMASH Film Festival in Minneapolis Minnesota.
 Gypsy 83 is a 2001 drama film written and directed by Todd Stephens about two young goths Gypsy and Clive who travel to New York for an annual festival celebrating their idol Stevie Nicks.
 Adbhutham or Adbutham (Wonder) is a Malayalam short film released in 2006. It stars Suresh Gopi and Mamta Mohandas in lead roles. Suresh Gopi plays the role of a man who is bed ridden with incurable diseases and Mamta plays his lady love. The movie is based on a state-assisted euthanasia case that happened in Oregon.
 L'Effrontée is a 1985 French film directed by Claude Miller. It stars Charlotte Gainsbourg who won the César Award for Most Promising Actress and Bernadette Lafont who won the César Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.
 My Memories of Old Beijing is a 1983 Chinese drama film based on the novel of the same name written by Lin Haiyin which was published in 1960. The film showed the customs and sceneries of the old Beijing in a reminiscent mood. It was the winner of the third Golden Rooster for Best Director Best Music and Best Supporting Actress in 1983. The film was also selected as the Chinese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Shatter Dead is a zombie film set in an unknown area following a woman named Susan's (Stark Raven) attempt to return to the apartment of her boyfriend (Daniel 'Smalls' Johnson) in the midst of the return of the dead to a semblance of life. On her way she is harassed by a preacher (Robert Wells) and a dead woman named Mary (Flora Fauna) intent on convincing her that being undead is preferable to life.
 Sexual Chronicles of a French Family (French: Chroniques sexuelles d'une famille d'aujourd'hui) is a 2012 French comedy-drama film produced and directed by Pascal Arnold and Jean-Marc Barr.
 Ride Out for Revenge is a 1957 American Western film.
 A Family Lost is a 2007 television film starring Cynthia Gibb Nicole Muñoz and Aaron Hughes. It's about criminals who try to track a mother and diabetic daughter who survived a plane crash and carry stolen information. The film was released on March 11 2007 and aired on the Lifetime Network. It was written by Boon Collins and Gilbert M. Shilton and directed by John Fasano.
 Nijam (English Translation: Truth) is a Telugu film released in 2003 starring Mahesh Babu and Rakshita in lead roles. Teja directed this film. Mahesh Babu and Rameshwari won the Nandi Awards in Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress categories respectively. The film was also dubbed into Tamil as Nijam. The film was dubbed as Meri Adalat in Hindi and remade as Arjuna in Oriya
 El tejedor de milagros (The Weaver of Miracles) is a 1962 Mexican drama film directed by Francisco del Villar. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dances of the Kwakiutl is a 1951 film directed by William Heick and produced by Robert Gardner. It was distributed by Documentary Educational Resources. The film is composed of sequences filmed in 1950 in Fort Rupert British Columbia featuring a performance by Kwakiutl people of their secretive Hamatsa ceremony.
 Aditya 999 is an upcoming Science fiction Tollywood Sci-fi film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.
 Triangle is a 2009 psychological horror film written and directed by Christopher Smith and starring Melissa George and Michael Dorman. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 16 October 2009.
 Becoming Royston is a full-length feature film directed by Nicholas Chee and produced by Originasian Pictures. The film gained cult status with its comprehensive online web marketing strategy and promotions as reported by Variety Magazine. Becoming Royston was one of the first feature films in South Asia to be shot completely tape-less on High-Definition.
 The Thriller is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film written and directed by B. Unnikrishnan. It stars Prithviraj Katherine Theresa Siddique Lalu Alex and Sampath Raj in pivotal roles. It was released on November 17. This film was a box office hit.The film is based on the murder case of a business man which formed the headlines in the media of Kerala for more than three months. The case had attracted attention for its mysterious planning and execution.
 Anyar is a Malayalam language film of India. It was released in 2003. The film deals with the hot topic of communal polarisation in Kerala.
 5ive Girls is a 2006 Canadian horror film starring Ron Perlman Jennifer Miller and Jordan Madley. It was written and directed by Warren P. Sonoda and has been available on DVD since March 6 2007.
 Kalabham is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2006 and was directed by malayalam director Anil
 Blind Dates (Georgian: Brma Paemnebi) is a 2013 Georgian drama film directed by Levan Koguashvili. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Dark Ride is a 2006 American horror-thriller film directed by Craig Singer and written by Singer and Robert Dean Klein. It was selected to play at the 8 Films To Die For film festival being one of the first 8 films to be in the 8 Films To Die For films series. The film revolves around a group of friends who are terrorized by a crazy masked murderer at a dark ride in an amusement park.
 Furrows (Spanish: Surcos) is a 1951 Spanish film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde and written by him in collaboration with Gonzalo Torrente Ballester Eugenio Montes and Natividad Zaro. It provides an unsettling portrait of post-Civil War Madrid while dictator Francisco Franco was in power.
 Marrying the Mafia II is a 2005 South Korean film the sequel to Marrying the Mafia (2002). It was the most successful comedy film in South Korea the year of its release; its over 5 million tickets sold represented more than 10% of the population and contributed to the third straight year that more tickets were sold for local than for Hollywood films.
 Lazy River is a 1934 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Khrustalyov My Car! (Russian: Хрусталёв машину!; translit. Khrustalyov mashinu!) is a 1998 Russian drama film directed by Aleksei German based on a story by Joseph Brodsky screenplay by Svetlana Karmalita. It was produced by Canal+ CNC Goskino Lenfilm and VGTRK.
 El Cura Lorenzo is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Zakhmi Dil is an Indian film directed by Raju Subramaniam and released in 1994. It stars Akshay Kumar Ravi Kishan and Ashwini Bhave.
 House IV is a 1992 direct-to-video comedy horror film. It was directed by Lewis Abernathy produced by Sean S. Cunningham and Debbie Hayn-Cass and written by Geoff Miller and Deidre Higgins. It is the third and final entry in the House series. The film sees the return of Roger Cobb from the original House but the film otherwise does not connect its storyline to the first film.
 Wayda is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Blades of Blood (Hangul: 구름 을 벗어난 달처럼; RR: Gureumeul Beoseonan Dalcheoreom; lit. Like the Moon Escaping from the Clouds) is a 2010 South Korean action drama film directed by Lee Joon-ik. The film is based on Park Heung-yong's graphic novel Like the Moon Escaping from the Clouds.
 I dolci inganni (internationally released as Sweet Deceptions) is a 1960 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. The film tells one day in the life of a young adolescent girl who is discovering her sexuality.
 Terror in the Aisles is a 1984 documentary film about horror films featuring clips from Friday the 13th I and/or II The Texas Chain Saw Massacre Halloween I and II Jaws 1 and 2 Alien John Carpenter's The Thing The Shining and Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and The Birds. The film is hosted by Donald Pleasence and Nancy Allen. The original music score is composed by John Beal.
 Roosevelt in Africa is a film by Cherry Kearton released in 1910. It is a documentary featuring Theodore Roosevelt in Africa. It is shot in silent black and white.One of the biggest headline-grabbing stories of 1910 was former president Theodore Roosevelt's safari into Africa.
 Netz über Bord – Heringsfang auf der Nordsee (Net on board – herring fishing on the North Sea) is a 1955 German documentary about the herring fishing industry written and directed by Jürgen Roland.Jürgen Roland and Carsten Diercks accompany fisherman at their hard work on the waters of the North Sea at the end of traditional fishing methods just before the coming of the big trawlers.
 The Power of the Press is a 1928 silent film directed by Frank Capra and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr as an aspiring newspaper reporter and Jobyna Ralston as a young woman suspected of murder.In 2005 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.In 1943 Columbia used the title again for another newspaper picture but it had a completely different plot and thus was not a remake. 
 Cilla is a British drama television film that will be broadcast in three parts on ITV in 2014. The film will star BAFTA award-winning actress Sheridan Smith who will play Cilla Black.
 Her Story is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge Campbell Gullan and C.M. Hallard. A happily married woman's life is thrown into turmoil when an Russian criminal from her past escapes from jail and comes to visit her. It was one of several films made by the British producer G.B. Samuelson at Universal City in California.
 The Last Supper (La última cena in Spanish) a 1976 Cuban historical film directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea produced by the Instituto Cubano del Arte y la Industria Cinematográficos (ICAIC) and starring Nelson Villagra as the Count.
 Best Foot Forward is a 1943 American musical film adapted from the 1941 Broadway musical comedy of the same title.
 Herbie Rides Again is a 1974 comedy film. It is the sequel to The Love Bug released six years earlier and the second in a series of movies made by Walt Disney Productions starring an anthropomorphic 1963 Volkswagen racing Beetle named Herbie.
 2 States is a 2014 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Abhishek Varman based on the 2009 novel of the same name written by Chetan Bhagat. It is produced by Karan Johar and Sajid Nadiadwala . The film stars Arjun Kapoor and Alia Bhatt in lead roles. The film released on April 18 2014 and earned mixed to positive reviews from critics and has been received exceptionally well by the masses.
 Casino is a 1995 American crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese. It is based on the non-fiction book of the same name by Nicholas Pileggi who also co-wrote the screenplay for the film with Scorsese.
 A Couch in New York (French title Un divan à New York) is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris. It was written and directed by Chantal Akerman.
 Nowhere to Hide (Hangul: 인정사정 볼 것 없다; RR: Injeong sajeong bol geot eobtda) is a 1999 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Myung-se.The film is set in Incheon in South Korea. A murder is committed and the cops search for the killer.Opening up in monochrome but with occasional flashes of colour the first action scene is a disorientating strobe-like affair.
 Follow Me! is a 1972 drama film directed by Sir Carol Reed starring Mia Farrow and Topol. Adapted by Peter Shaffer from his own play (The Public Eye). The picture marks Carol Reed's last completed film. The film was released in the United States under its original stage title The Public Eye.The score was composed by John Barry and the film was edited by Anne V. Coates.
 Mannequin is a 1987 romantic comedy fantasy film starring Andrew McCarthy Kim Cattrall Meshach Taylor James Spader G. W. Bailey and Estelle Getty. Directed and written by Michael Gottlieb the film was also co-written by Edward Rugoff. The original music score was composed by Sylvester Levay.
 The Wart (痴漢電車　感じるイボイボ Chikan Densha: Kanjiru Iboibo) is a 1996 Japanese pink film directed by Shinji Imaoka. It was given Honorable Mention at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Maako Mizuno was given a Best New Actress award for her performance in the film.
 Peter Andersen is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Svend Methling and starring Carl Alstrup.
 Ballet Mécanique (1923–24) is a Dadaist post-Cubist art film conceived written and co-directed by the artist Fernand Léger in collaboration with the filmmaker Dudley Murphy (with cinematographic input from Man Ray). It has a musical score by the American composer George Antheil. However the film premiered in silent version on 24 September 1924 at the Internationale Ausstellung neuer Theatertechnik (International Exposition for New Theater Technique) in Vienna presented by Frederick Kiesler.
 The Bloody Fight or Bloody Duel: Life And Death  released in France as La Vengeance du léopard is a 1972 Hong Kong action film directed by Ng Tin Chi.The film is about a group of young fighters including a Thai boxer a drunken kung fu bandit and an acrobat who aim to defeat the Japanese occupation in China by taking traditional kung fu to another level. It is a battle between the martial arts of Karate used by the Japanese and Kung fu improvisation by the Chinese.
 Kurubana Rani (Kannada: ಕುರುಬನ ರಾಣಿ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada film directed written and scripted by D. Rajendra Babu starring Shivarajkumar Nagma and Lokesh in the lead roles. The film was produced by Rockline Venkatesh under his home production Rockline Studios.The film was critically acclaimed upon release. The music composed by V. Manohar was also received positively.
 The Tunnel is a 2009 film.
 Convém Martelar is a 1920 Brazilian silent film directed by and starring Manuel F. Araujo.The film premiered on January 28 1920 in Rio de Janeiro.
 Father and Daughter is a 2000 Dutch animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit. It won the 2000 Academy Award for Animated Short Film.The film also received over 20 awards and 1 nomination and is considered the most successful in the series of works by Michaël. It was also included in the Animation Show of Shows.
 Aage Kadam (English translation - Forward March) is 1943 Hindi-language black-and-white film directed by N R Acharya and starring Motilal Anjali Devi Mubarak Padma Rajkumari Shukai Amritlal.
 18:15 ab Ostkreuz is a German film.
 Somersault is an Australian independent film written and directed by Cate Shortland and released in September 2004. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 The N-Word is a 2004 documentary directed and written by Todd Larkins Williams. The movie as the title may suggest looks into the history and usage of the word nigger and its variations.
 Asian Charlie's Angels is a Taiwanese version of the successful 1970s American television show filmed in Mandarin. Produced in 2001 and airing on ImaginAsian in the United States the show stars Annie Wu as Annabelle Kelly Lin as Cindy and Qu Ying as Betty. Christy Chung also appears in the film as Angie.
 Q & A is a 1990 crime film co-written and directed by Sidney Lumet based on a novel by New York judge Edwin Torres. It stars Nick Nolte Timothy Hutton and Armand Assante.
 Lorna Doone is a 1934 British historical drama film directed by Basil Dean and starring Victoria Hopper John Loder and Margaret Lockwood. It is based on the novel Lorna Doone by R.D. Blackmore.
 Jury Duty is a 1995 American comedy film directed by John Fortenberry and starring Pauly Shore Tia Carrere Stanley Tucci Brian Doyle-Murray Shelley Winters and Abe Vigoda. The film was actress Billie Bird's last screen appearance.
 Winning London is a 2001 film starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.
 En la cama (English: In Bed) is a 2005 Chilean film directed by Matías Bize and starring Blanca Lewin and Gonzalo Valenzuela.It was Chile's submission to the 79th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee. Nevertheless the film garnered ten awards at various film festivals.
 Mi viudo y yo is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Kamen Rider × Kamen Rider Gaim & Wizard: The Fateful Sengoku Movie Battle (仮面ライダー×仮面ライダー 鎧武&ウィザード 天下分け目の戦国 MOVIE大合戦 Kamen Raidā × Kamen Raidā Gaimu Ando Wizādo Tenka Wakeme No Sengoku Mūbī Daigassen) is a crossover film featuring the main characters of Kamen Rider Gaim and Kamen Rider Wizard as the part of the annual winter Movie War franchise as well as to celebrate the fifteenth anniversary of the Heisei era Kamen Rider Series and the fifth anniversary of the Movie War franchise itself.
 The Haunting of Hewie Dowker is a 1976 Australian film about Hewie Dowker a Sydney cop who discovers he has psychic powers.
 The Reality of the Virtual (2004) is a documentary film about Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek which was directed by Ben Wright.
 The Valley of Ghosts is a 1928 British silent mystery film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Miriam Seegar Ian Hunter and Leo Sheffield. It was an adaptation of the 1922 novel The Valley of Ghosts by Edgar Wallace. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios.
 Kakurenbo: Hide & Seek (カクレンボ Kakurenbo lit. Hide and Seek) is a Japanese cel-shaded anime short film written and directed by Shuuhei Morita.The film is based around Otokoyo (オトコヨ lit. Man Hunt) a game of hide and seek played by children wearing fox masks near the ruins of an abandoned old city. The children who play this disappear believed to be spirited away by demons. Kakurenbo follows Hikora a boy who joins the game with hopes of finding his missing sister Sorincha.
 Calamari Union is a 1985 Finnish surreal comedy film the second full-length film by director Aki Kaurismäki. It stars Timo Eränkö Kari Heiskanen Asmo Hurula and Sakke Järvenpää.
 The Negro Soldier is a 1944 documentary created by the United States Army during World War II. The film was produced by Frank Capra as a follow up to his successful film series Why We Fight. The army used this film as a means of propaganda to convince African Americans to enlist in the army and fight in the war. Most people regarded the film very highly some going as far to say that The Negro Soldier was one of the finest things that ever happened to America.
 Magic Magic is a 2013 Chilean-American psychological thriller film written and directed by Sebastián Silva. The film which premiered on January 22 2013 at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival stars Juno Temple Emily Browning Michael Cera and Catalina Sandino Moreno. It was also played at the Directors' Fortnight at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Quick Money is a 1937 film. It lost $37000.
 Do You Remember Love is a 1985 television film starring Joanne Woodward and Richard Kiley. It won three Emmy Awards the Humanitas Prize the Writers Guild of America Award and a Peabody Award.
 Ave Maria is a 1984 French drama film directed by Jacques Richard who co-wrote screenplay with Paul Gégauff.
 Four Boxes is a 2009 low-budget thriller starring Justin Kirk Terryn Westbrook and Sam Rosen.
 I Met My Love Again (1938) is an American romantic drama film distributed by United Artists directed by Joshua Logan Arthur Ripley and George Cukor. The screenplay was written by David Hertz based on the novel Summer Lightning by Allene Corliss. The film stars Joan Bennett and Henry Fonda.
 Atomic Train is a 1999 action-thriller film about an accidental nuclear explosion destroying the city of Denver. It was originally broadcast on NBC as a two-part miniseries.
 Gauri is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the seventh highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 Go into Your Dance is a 1935 musical film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Al Jolson Ruby Keeler Glenda Farrell and Helen Morgan.
 El Casamiento de Chichilo is a 1938 Argentine comedy film. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 Salaam Namaste is a 2005 Bollywood musical romantic comedy film. It is directed by first-time director Siddharth Anand and produced by Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra under the Yash Raj Films banner. The film stars Saif Ali Khan and Preity Zinta in their fourth film together. Arshad Warsi Tania Zaetta and Jugal Hansraj appear in supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 1995 Hollywood film Nine Months starring Hugh Grant and Julianne Moore in the lead.
 Vieni avanti cretino (Come forward idiot) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.It had a great commercial success grossing over 3 billion lire at the Italian box office.
 Head Above Water is a 1996 American comedy thriller film directed by Jim Wilson and starring Harvey Keitel Cameron Diaz Craig Sheffer. It was rated PG-13 by the MPAA. The film is a remake of Hodet over vannet by Norwegian film director Nils Gaup.
 The Odd Job is a 1978 British comedy film starring Graham Chapman (who previously starred in Monty Python's Flying Circus). It tells the story of a man named Arthur Harris (Chapman) who is recently abandoned by his wife. He becomes so depressed that he hires an odd job man to kill him. Once his wife returns Harris finds himself unable to cancel the contract.
 Mischief is a 1985 teen comedy film starring Doug McKeon Chris Nash Catherine Mary Stewart and Kelly Preston. The film was directed by Mel Damski and written by Noel Black. The original music score was composed by Barry De Vorzon.Set in Nelsonville Ohio in 1956 its soundtrack features many popular songs from the era.
 Winterborn (Danish: Vinterbørn) is a 1978 Danish drama film directed by Astrid Henning-Jensen. It was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival where Henning-Jensen won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Traces of the Trade: A Story from the Deep North is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrina Browne Alla Kovgan and Jude Ray.
 Zombie King and the Legion of Doom also known as Enter... Zombie King and Zombie Pool Party is a 2003 Canadian comedy horror lucha film directed by Stacey Case written by Bill Marks and Sean K. Robb and starring Jules Delmore Raymond Carle Jennifer Thom and Rob El Fuego Etcheverria as masked Mexican wrestlers (luchadores) who fight zombies.
 3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt is a 1964 comedy film starring Mamie Van Doren and Tommy Noonan who also directed and co-wrote the film.
 Dongala Mutha (Telugu: దొంగల ముఠా; English: Gang of Thieves) is a Telugu-language film directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film stars Ravi Teja Charmme Kaur Prakash Raj Lakshmi Manchu Bramhanandam Subbaraju Supreet and Ajay. This film is the first of its kind in Indian cinema as it was shot with just 7 crew members and in a record of 5 days. Prior to filming Varma announced that this film has no budget and that the cast and crew will not be taking remunerations until the film hits theaters.
 Yuvvraaj is a 2008 Indian film directed and produced by Subhash Ghai. The film stars Anil Kapoor Salman Khan Zayed Khan and Katrina Kaif in the lead roles and is inspired from Hollywood film Rain Man (1988). Yuvvraaj is a musical story of a fragmented family of three brothers who try to con each other to inherit their father's wealth. According to the director the film is about the arrogance and overconfidence of contemporary youth.
 Long Live the Queen or Lang Leve de Koningin is a 1995 Dutch children's film directed by Esmé Lammers. It tells the tale of a little girl who learns to play chess thanks to enchanted chess pieces.and sara desparatly looking for het long lost father but when she finds him it isn't in the place where you would expect it....
 Falcons (Icelandic: Fálkar (About this sound pronunciation )) is the seventh film directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson. This film released in 2002 is mostly in English language and therefore this drama is considered to be a film of both domestic and international appeal.
 Venom is a 1981 horror film directed by Piers Haggard and starring Klaus Kinski Oliver Reed Nicol Williamson and Sarah Miles.
 One More Saturday Night is a 1986 comedy film written by Al Franken and Tom Davis and directed by Dennis Klein.
 That's My Boy is a 1951 film starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and marked the first time that Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis actually had roles as opposed to previous efforts in which they played an extension of their nightclub act. It was released on May 13 1951 by Paramount Pictures.
 Election (Kannada: ಎಲೆಕ್ಷನ್) is a 2013 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced by Ramu under the banner Ramu Enterprises. The film stars Malashri in the lead role. The supporting cast features Pradeep Rawat Dev Gill Sharath Lohitashwa Hanumanthegowda and Suchendra Prasad.
 Orderly or Disorderly (Persian: به ترتیب یا بدون ترتیب ؟ Be tartib ya bedun-e tartib?‎) is a 1981 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 Frankenstein 1970 is a 1958 science fiction horror film shot in black and white CinemaScope starring Boris Karloff and Don Red Barry. This independent film was directed by Howard W. Koch; its alternative titles during pre-production included Frankenstein's Castle Frankenstein 1960 and Frankenstein 1975. Shot in a mere eight days on a modest budget the film was finally titled Frankenstein 1970 for an appropriately futuristic touch.
 Moss (Hangul: 이끼; RR: Iggi) is a 2010 South Korean mystery thriller film directed by Kang Woo-suk. It was based on the hugely popular webcomic of the same title by Yoon Tae-ho.
 Man from Cheyenne is a 1942 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 His Musical Career (also known as Musical Tramp) is a 1914 American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring Charlie Chaplin.
 The Science of Doctor Who is a televised lecture by physicist Brian Cox discussing the nature of space and time as related to the science fiction series Doctor Who. Cox covers topics including the nature of black holes time dilation time as a dimension in which to travel and the possibilities of alien life. The lecture is held at the Royal Institution's lecture hall and interspersed with small segments of Cox on the TARDIS with the Eleventh Doctor played by Matt Smith.
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1941 horror film starring Spencer Tracy Ingrid Bergman and Lana Turner. Rather than being a new film version of the novel it is a direct remake of the 1931 film of the same title which differs greatly from the novel. The movie was based on Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and directed by Victor Fleming director of Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz two years earlier.
 Angaare is a 1977 Bollywood film. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar.
 Naked Evil is a 1966 British horror film written and directed by Stanley Goulder. It is based on the play The Obi written by Jon Manchip White. An American version of the film was released with the title Exorcism at Midnight.
 Blackout is a 2008 horror film based on the novel Blackout by Italian novelist Gianluca Morozzi directed by Rigoberto Castañeda starring Amber Tamblyn Aidan Gillen Armie Hammer and Katie Stuart. The film was released in theaters in Russia on May 29 2008. Blackout revolves around three people trapped in an elevator after a massive power blackout occurs with one of them being a serial killer.
 Suicide Dolls is a 2010 film from Salsera Productions in association with Prop Blast Films and On the River Productions.
 Strawberry Shortcake in Big Apple City is a 1981 animated television special written by Romeo Muller produced by Muller and Buzz Potamkin and directed by Hal Silvermintz. This is the second special to feature the American Greetings character Strawberry Shortcake.
 Hazardous and Unhealthy (Greek: Varea anthygieina) is a 2003 Greek drama film directed by Antonis Papadoupoulos. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Living Proof is a 2008 Lifetime Television movie directed by Dan Ireland starring Harry Connick Jr.The film is based on the true life story of Dr. Dennis Slamon and the book HER-2: The Making of Herceptin a Revolutionary Treatment for Breast Cancer by Robert Bazell. Vivienne Radkoff wrote the film script and is also one of the film's executive producers.
 Slayground is a 1983 British crime thriller film directed by Terry Bedford. Starring Peter Coyote Mel Smith and Billie Whitelaw the film is adapted from Slayground the 14th Parker novel (although the main character has been renamed to Stone in this adaptation) written by Donald Westlake under the name Richard Stark.
 Love's Option is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by George Pearson and starring Dorothy Boyd Patrick Aherne and James Carew. It was made at Cricklewood Studios based on the novel The Riddle by Douglas Newton. The film was dsitributed by Paramount Pictures' British subsidiary enabling the company to meet its yearly quota set down by the British government. The film follows several rivals attempting to gain control of a valuable Spanish copper mine.
 The Prosecutor Hallers (French: Le procureur Hallers) is a 1930 French drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Jean-Max Colette Darfeuil and Suzanne Delmas. It was the French-language version of the German film The Other based on the play Der Andere by Paul Lindau. The two films were made at the same studio in Berlin with Wiene beginning work on the French version immediately after finishing the German film.
 The Silver Brumby is a 1993 Australian drama-family film directed by John Tatoulis and starring actor Russell Crowe.
 Prithviraj Samyogita is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 This Gun for Hire is a 1942 film noir directed by Frank Tuttle and based on the novel A Gun for Sale by Graham Greene. The film stars Veronica Lake Robert Preston Laird Cregar and Alan Ladd.
 Double Trouble (寶島雙雄) is a 2012 Taiwanese action comedy film directed by David Chang and starring Jaycee Chan and Xia Yu.
 The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse (Ger. Die 1000 Augen des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1960 black-and-white crime film/thriller made in West Germany. It was a West German/French/Italian international co-production and the last film directed by Fritz Lang. It starred Peter van Eyck Dawn Addams and Gert Fröbe. The film made use of the character Dr. Mabuse who had appeared in earlier films by Lang back in 1922 and 1933. The Thousand Eyes of Dr.
 Oliyambukal is a 1990 Malayalam film. Directed by Hariharan this film revolved around a young man's revenge against his father's killers though all possible ways.
 Bottoms Up is a 1960 British comedy film.It stars Jimmy Edwards in a spin-off of his TV comedy series Whack-O! playing the seedy alcoholic cane-wielding headmaster of Chiselbury School.The plot involves Melvyn Hayes playing a Cockney youth who tries to impersonate an Indian prince. An early comic script from the pens of Frank Muir and Denis Norden.
 Floris is a 2004 Dutch film directed by Jean van de Velde and starring Michiel Huisman as grandson of the original Floris from the 1969 TV series. The new side-kick is Pi played by popstar Birgit Schuurman. In the film some of the 1969 footage with Rutger Hauer and Bergman is included. Originally Hauer was asked to play the father of young Floris but he declined. The film was shot in 2003.
 The Horse Boy is the title of an autobiographical book and a documentary feature film that follow the quest of Rupert Isaacson and his wife to find healing for their autistic son Rowan. After discovering that Rowan's condition appears to be improved by contact with horses and other animals the family leave their home in Texas on an arduous journey to seek help from the traditional shamans in Mongolia.
 The Mountain is a 1956 dramatic film starring Spencer Tracy and Robert Wagner. The supporting cast included Claire Trevor Richard Arlen William Demarest and Anna Kashfi. It is based on La neige en deuil a 1952 French novel by Henri Troyat which was inspired by the crash of Air India Flight 245 in 1950.
 Dreaming of Julia (Cuba Libre) is a 2003 film directed by Juan Gerard. The debut film by the director the story is based on Gerard's childhood life in Cuba. The film was released as Cuban Blood in the US.
 Live for Life (French: Vivre pour vivre) is a 1967 French film directed by Claude Lelouch and starred by Yves Montand Candice Bergen and Annie Girardot. The film won the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film had a total of 2936035 admissions in France and was the 7th highest grossing film of the year.
 Fletch Lives is a 1989 comedy film starring Chevy Chase. It was directed by Michael Ritchie with a screenplay by Leon Capetanos based on the character created by Gregory Mcdonald. Fletch Lives was released by Universal Pictures. It is a sequel to the 1985 film Fletch.
 Life is a Dream (French: Mémoire des apparences) is a 1986 French film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Pirate Gold is a 1920 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz.
 Delicacy (French: La délicatesse) is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama directed by David and Stéphane Foenkinos based on a novel of the same name by David Foenkinos. David was nominated for the 2012 Best Writing (Adaptation) César Award and the film was nominated as Best First Film.
 Chronicle of Flaming Years (Russian: Повесть пламенных лет translit. Povest plamennykh let) is a 1961 Soviet drama film directed by Yuliya Solntseva. Solntseva won the award for Best Director at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Jesse Stone: Night Passage is a 2006 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Saul Rubinek and Viola Davis. Based on the 1997 novel Night Passage by Robert B. Parker—the first novel in the Jesse Stone series—the film is about a former Los Angeles homicide detective who is hired as the police chief of a small New England town and finds himself immersed in a series of mysteries.
 South of the Border with Disney is a 1942 Disney short documentary. It was shot in the same occasion Saludos Amigos was when Walt Disney and a group of eighteen artists musicians and writers went to South America looking for inspirations for a movie.
 Yuddho or Juddho (Bengali: যুদ্ধ ) is a Bengali action Movie was released in 2005 and dubbed in Oriyadirected by Rabi Kinagi the movie featured Mithun Chakraborty Deboshree Roy Jeet and Koyel Mullick.
 Yeh Hui Na Mardon Wali Baat is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Farjad Nabi and Mazhar Zaidi starring Resham Raheel Guriya and Munna.
 Raza (English: Race) is a 1942 Spanish semi-autobiographical war film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia. It is based on a novel by Francisco Franco under the pseudonym of Jaime de Andrade.The film won the Prize of the National Syndicate of Spectacle.
 Road Rage is a 1999 American made-for-TV movie a thriller starring Yasmine Bleeth and Jere Burns. It was first broadcast on NBC on October 3 1999.
 Dancer Texas Pop. 81 is a 1998 comedy-drama film starring Breckin Meyer Peter Facinelli Eddie Mills and Ethan Embry.
 Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops is a 1955 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.After the film was completed Universal wanted to rename it Abbott and Costello in the Stunt Men because they did not consider the Keystone Kops to be relevant anymore. However in October 1954 the studio relented and agreed to use the Keystone Kops name.
 Children of Mars is a 1943 American short documentary film directed by Frank Donovan. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 A Friend of Mine (Estonian: Üks mu sõber) is a 2011 Estonian drama film directed by Mart Kivastik.
 Red: Werewolf Hunter is a 2010 television horror film loosely based on the story of Little Red Riding Hood. It is a Syfy television film produced by Toronto-based Chesler/Perlmutter Productions. It was released on DVD on January 3 2012.
 The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a 1973 crime film directed by Peter Yates and starring Robert Mitchum and Peter Boyle. The screenplay by Paul Monash was adapted from the novel of the same name by George V. Higgins. It was released on DVD for the first time as part of The Criterion Collection on May 19 2009.
 Der Reserveheld is an East German film. It was released in 1965.
 Decampitated is a 1998 independent American horror comedy film. It was directed by Matt Cunningham and stars Mike Hart Jonathon Scott Thomas Martwick Steve Ladden and Cristina Patterson Ceret. It was distributed on video by Troma Entertainment. Decampitated was filmed in Colorado and finishing funds were provided by Troma Entertainment.
 Bhama Rukmani is a 1980 Tamil language drama film directed by R. Bhaskaran. The film features K. Bhagyaraj Raadhika and Praveena in lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan and was released on 12 June 1980.
 Unnikrishnante Adyathe Christmas is a 1988 Malayalam film starring Jayaram Sumalatha Sukumaran and Suresh Gopi. The film is based on a short story by Kakkanadan.
 In Fast Company is a 1946 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. It is the second film in the series.
 C/o Footpath (or Care of Footpath) is the first film produced by the Kiran Movie Makers of Bangalore India. It was directed by the world’s youngest film director Guinness Record Holder Kishan Shrikanth.This film was originally shot in the Kannada language. It was dubbed into other Indian languages including Hindi Oriya Malayalam Bengali and Tamil as well as English.The film had a budget of 20 million rupees (about $450000).
 Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 1/2 (English: Life and Adventures of Four Friends) (Russian: Жизнь и приключения четырех друзей 1/2) is a 1980 Russian movie for children and family about three smart dogs and one cat who eventually become friends and help people. The film is set in Russia. Adapted from the story of the same name by Yusef Printsev and directed by Oleg Yeryshev. The first episode runs 63 minutes and has two parts: 1. Zakadychnye vragi (aka.. Soulmate enemies) and 2.
 Deadly Nightshade is a 1953 British crime drama film directed by John Gilling. It stars Emrys Jones Zena Marshall and John Horsely.
 Price of Life is a short student-made documentary exploring the life of Robert Childs a former Philadelphia USA drug dealer and gangster.
 Sentimental Maniacs (Italian: Maniaci sentimentali) is a 1994 Italian romantic comedy film. It marked the directorial debut of the actress and voice actess Simona Izzo who won the David di Donatello for Best New Director. For her performance Monica Scattini won the David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actress while Alessandro Benvenuti received the Ciak d'oro for Best Supporting Actor.
 Wrong Turn at Tahoe is a 2009 direct-to-DVD thriller starring Cuba Gooding Jr. Miguel Ferrer and Harvey Keitel. The film is directed by Franck Khalfoun who also directed the 2007 thriller P2.
 One Day in September is a 1999 documentary film directed by Kevin Macdonald examining the 5 September 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich Germany. Michael Douglas provides the sparse narration throughout the film.The film won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2000.
 The Lost Treasure of the Grand Canyon is a 2008 adventure sci-fi movie set in the Grand Canyon. The movie was due to be released in late November 2008 but the date was pushed back to December 20 2008 due to unfinished filming.
 In Trust is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Café Lumière (珈琲時光 Kōhī Jikō) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien for Shochiku as homage to Yasujiro Ozu with direct reference to the late director's Tokyo Story (1953). It premiered at a festival commemorating the centenary of Ozu's birth. It was nominated for a Golden Lion at the 2004 Venice Film Festival.
 A Fishy Story (Chinese: 不脫襪的人; pinyin: Bù tuō wà de rén) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Anthony Chan and starring Kenny Bee Maggie Cheung and Anthony Chan.
 Hector and the Search for Happiness is an upcoming romantic comedy film directed by Peter Chelsom and co-written with Tinker Lindsay and Maria von Heland based on François Lelord's novel of the same name. The film stars Simon Pegg and Rosamund Pike.
 Loafer is Nepali film based the story of unemployment people. It stars Aryan Sigdel Dayahang Rai Sushil Raj Pandey Kamal Mani Nepal Anupam Sharma and Sagar Lamsal Chettri as well as debutant Rajani KC.
 Bengazi is a 1955 American drama film directed by John Brahm and starring Richard Conte Victor McLaglen and Richard Carlson. Several adventurers hunt for treasure in the desert near the Libyan town of Benghazi.
 El ahijado de la muerte (The Godson of Death) is a 1946 Mexican film. It was the first film to be written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Calling All Kids is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Sam Baerwitz. It was the 214th Our Gang short (215th episode 126th talking short 127th talking episode and 46th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 The Big Tease is a 1999 comedy film starring Craig Ferguson directed by Kevin Allen and written by Ferguson and Sacha Gervasi.
 The Shadow is a 1994 American superhero film directed by Russell Mulcahy based on the character of the same name created by Walter B. Gibson in 1931 and starring Alec Baldwin John Lone Penelope Ann Miller Peter Boyle Tim Curry and Ian McKellen.
 Five Days from Home is a 1979 American drama film directed by George Peppard and starring Sherry Boucher Neville Brand and Victor Campos.
 The Dilettante (French: La Dilettante) is a 1999 French comedy film directed by Pascal Thomas and starring Catherine Frot Sébastien Cotterot and Barbara Schulz. The film was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival where Catherine Frot won the Silver St. George for Best Actress.
 Latin Dragon is a 2004 action-adventure film starring Fabian Carrillo Gary Busey and Lorenzo Lamas. It was directed by Scott Thomas and written by James Becket Fabian Carrillo and Scott Thomas.
 Big Game is Finnish movie which is going to be released 2014. Samuel L. Jackson is acting the President
 Karmayogi is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Ram Maheshwari.
 Demons of the Mind is a 1972 British horror film directed by Peter Sykes and produced Anglo-EMI Frank Godwin Productions and Hammer Film Productions. It was written by Christopher Wicking based on a story by Frank Godwin. It was released on 5 November 1972. The cast includes Gillian Hills (playing a role originally intended for Marianne Faithfull) Robert Hardy Patrick Magee Michael Hordern and Shane Briant.
 Compliance is a 2012 American docudrama written and directed by Craig Zobel and starring Ann Dowd Dreama Walker and Pat Healy. The plot focuses on a prank caller who pretends to be a police officer and convinces the manager of a fast-food restaurant that one of her employees committed a crime. It is based on the strip search prank call scam and more specifically inspired by the Bullitt County McDonald's case.
 Troublesome Night 15 is a 2002 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Jamie Luk. It is the 15th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 La ragazza di Bube is a 1963 Italian crime film drama directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Claudia Cardinale and George Chakiris.
 YAK : The Giant King is a 2012 Thai animated film directed by Prapas Cholsaranont and distributed by Workpoint Picture. The story is a futuristic adaptation of the fable of Tosakan and Hanuman the Monkey King from the Thai version of the Ramayana with robots for the main characters. Literary reputation in Asia for the last 6 years and budget over 100 million baht. It was released on 4 October 2012
 The Video Dead is a 1987 comedy-horror film written and directed by Robert Scott and starring Roxanna Augesen.
 Persona 3 The Movie: Chapter 2 Midsummer Knight's Dream (劇場版「ペルソナ3」第2章 Gekijō Ban Perusona 3 Dai Ni Shō) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese animated film and the second installment in a film series based on based on the Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3 video game by Atlus. The film is directed by Tomohisa Taguchi and written by Jun Kumagai. It is based on the original story by Atlus and distributed by Aniplex.
 The Arizona Raiders is a 1936 American western starring Buster Crabbe and Marsha Hunt directed by James P. Hogan based on a Zane Grey novel and released by Paramount Pictures.The film is also known as Bad Men of Arizona (American reissue title).
 Little Marines is a 1991 adventure film directed by A.J. Hixon. It is a G-rated family film that (because of its extremely low budget) has remained widely overlooked and unnoticed by audiences and critics alike.
 The Last White Dishwasher is a 2008 mockumentary/short film based on an original concept by Carlos Alazraqui telling the story of the last white dishwasher in America.
 Layali ibn awa (Arabic: ليالي ابن آوى‎) is a Syrian film directed by Abdellatif Abdelhamid and produced by the General Organization Cinema in Syria. the film released in 1989s.
 A Simple Plan is a 1998 American drama film directed by Sam Raimi based on the novel of the same name by Scott Smith who also wrote the screenplay of the film. The film stars Bill Paxton Billy Bob Thornton and Bridget Fonda. It was shot in Delano Minnesota and Ashland and Saxon Wisconsin. Billy Bob Thornton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
 Coplan Saves His Skin (French: Coplan sauve sa peau) is a 1968 French Francis Coplan Eurospy film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Claudio Brook.
 Water is a 1985 comedy film scripted by Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais directed by Clement and starring Michael Caine. This HandMade Films production was released in U.S. theatres in April 1986 by Atlantic Releasing.
 Su-ki-da is a 2005 Japanese drama/romance film. The plot centers on two teenagers who deal with tragedy and then have to grow up. It was written and directed by Hiroshi Ishikawa and stars Hidetoshi Nishijima Hiromi Nagasaku Eita and Aoi Miyazaki.
 La seconda ombra (English: The second shadow) is Italian film directed by Silvano Agosti in 2000.The major part of cast was composed of people who had actually worked or lived in psychiatric hospitals of Gorizia and Trieste.
 Het goudvischje is a 1919 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Manya mahaajanangale is a 1985 Malayalam film.
 Green River Killer is a 2005 American crime film by Ulli Lommel starring George Kiseleff Jaquelyn Aurora (as Jacquelyn Horrell) Georgina Donovan Shannon Leade Naidra Dawn Thomson and Shawn G. Smith. It is based upon the crimes of serial killer Gary Ridgway.
 Fall of the Mohicans (Spanish: Uncas el fin de una raza Italian: L'ultimo dei Mohicani) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Mateo Cano.
 Tiga Abdul (The Three Abduls) is a 1964 Malaysian comedy film directed by and starring Malaysian silver-screen icon P. Ramlee. It tells the story of three brothers who are caught in a web of trickery set by the cunning Sadiq Segaraga who uses his three daughters to fleece the three brothers of all their wealth.
 The Orphan of Anyang is a 2001 Chinese film from Sixth Generation writer-director Wang Chao. It is Wang's first feature film as director (he had previously served as an assistant director to Chen Kaige) and is based on a novel written by the director. The film constitutes the first part of a loose trilogy on life in modern China followed by Day and Night (2004) and Luxury Car (2006). The film was produced by the independent Beijing-based Laurel Films founded by screenwriter Fang Li.
 CMT Invitation Only is a television program that airs on CMT. It gives fans a chance to get up close and personal with their favorite country artists in a smaller more intimate setting.
 Imperium: Augustus is a 2003 joint British-Italian production and part of the Imperium series. It tells of the life story of Octavian and how he became Augustus. Half the film takes place in the past (as Augustus explains to his daughter Julia how he became who he was) and the other half takes place in the later life of Augustus.
 The Merchant of Four Seasons (German: Händler der vier Jahreszeiten) is a 1971 West German film written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder starring Hans Hirschmueller and Irm Hermann. The plot follows the life of a fruit-peddler living in 1950s West Germany who is driven over the edge by an uncaring society.The title derives from the French expression for a fruit and vegetable seller un marchand des quatre-saisons.
 Law of the Lawless originally known as Invitation to a Hanging was a 1963 film that was the first of producer A.C. Lyles' inexpensive second feature Westerns shot in Technicolor and Techniscope for Paramount Pictures. It stars Dale Robertson and Yvonne de Carlo.This was the last feature film of William Bendix with his daughter Lorraine also in the cast.
 Yeats Country is a 1965 Irish short documentary film directed by Patrick Carey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Horas marcadas is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Hazard is 2005 Japanese film mostly shot in New York written and directed by Sono Sion starring Joe Odagiri and Jai West. It is the story of three youths who attempt to avenge their rights in a society of criminals and thugs.
 Why He Gave Up is a 1911 American short silent comedy film starring Fred Mace and Mabel Normand. The film was co-directed by Mack Sennett and Henry Lehrman and shot in Huntington Long Island.
 Vidalita is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Kinshasa Symphony is a German 2010 documentary film.
 Hot Snow (Russian: Горячий снег Goryachi Sneg) is a 1972 Soviet film directed by Gabriel Yegiazarov.
 Brannigan is a 1975 British thriller film directed by Douglas Hickox and starring John Wayne and Richard Attenborough. Set principally in London the film is about a Chicago detective sent to Britain to organise the extradition of an American mobster who is soon kidnapped and held for ransom.
 Double Whoopee is a 1929 Hal Roach Studios silent short comedy starring Laurel and Hardy. It was shot during February 1929 and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on May 18 of that year.
 The Best Movie 3 (Russian: Самый лучший фильм 3 translit. Sami‘y luchshiy film 3) is a 2011 Russian comedy film from Monumental Pictures (Sony Pictures Entertainment) and Comedy Club Production continuation of 2009 The Best Movie 2 film spoofing such famous Russian films as Admiral 72 Meters Black Lightning and others.
 The Local Bad Man is a 1932 Western American film directed by Otto Brower.
 The Alarmist also known as Life During Wartime is a 1997 film written and directed by Evan Dunsky starring David Arquette Stanley Tucci with Kate Capshaw and Ryan Reynolds. The film is an adaptation of a play written by Keith Reddin.
 My Life Without Me is a 2003 Spanish/Canadian drama film directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley Mark Ruffalo Scott Speedman and Leonor Watling. Based on the book Pretending the Bed Is a Raft by Nanci Kincaid it tells a story of a 23-year-old woman with a husband and two daughters who finds out she is going to die soon. The film was produced by Pedro Almodóvar's production company El Deseo.
 O.K. Garage (a.k.a. All Revved Up) is a 1998 film written and directed by Brandon Cole. The movie won several awards at different film festivals. It premiered in the United States at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival.
 Al Warda al-baida is a 1933 Egyptian film directed by Mohammed Karim the author of the silent film Zeinab. It was the first Egyption film with sound the success of which led to the musical as the preferred genre of Egyptian cinema.
 The Overcoat (Italian: Il Cappotto) is a 1952 Italian fantasy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is based on a short tale of the same name written by Nikolai Gogol.
 The Boys (aka The Guys) is a drama/black comedy television film starring James Woods and John Lithgow. It was directed by Glenn Jordan who had previously worked with Woods on the 1986 TV movie Promise and would later work with Woods again in 1994 for the TV drama film Jane's House. The film first aired on September 15 1991 on the ABC Network.
 Gajakesari (Kannada: ಗಜಕೇಸರಿ) is an upcoming Kannada epic action film directed by cinematographer Krishna of Mungaaru Male fame and produced by Jayanna. The film stars Yash in leading role along with Amulya and Ananth Nag. The film also prominently features an elephant named Arjuna from Waynad Kerala. Actor Prakash Raj makes his debut as a narrator for the film to introduce Yash's character.The film launched officially on 5 June 2013 at a Ganapathi Temple near Rajajinagar Bangalore.
 Fatal Needles vs. Fatal Fists (Gou hun zhen duo ming quan) is a 1978 Taiwanese kung fu film directed by Lee Tso Nam and starring Don Wong Tao and Lo Lieh.
 The Favor is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Eva S. Aridjis. The film is about a photographer living in New Jersey who gets a phone call from a woman who broke his heart 25 years ago. The film was premiered on October 15 2006 at the Morelia Film Festival in Mexico and opened in Mexico on October 19 2007. It opened in New York City on May 2 2008.
 Westward Ho is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Shanghai Noon is a year 2000 American adventure comedy western film starring Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson. The film marking the directorial debut of Tom Dey was written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar. The film set in Nevada and other parts of the American West in the 19th century is a juxtaposition of a western with a kung fu action film with extended martial arts sequences.
 Dancing Girls is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by Birt Acres.
 Bates Motel is a 1987 television movie spin-off of the 1960 suspense/horror film Psycho. The film is about Alex West a mentally disturbed youth who was admitted to an asylum after killing his abusive stepfather. There he befriends Norman Bates and ends up inheriting the infamous Bates Motel.
 Anakku Sazali which means Sazali My Son is a 1956 Malay-language film directed and written by Phani Majumdar. The movie is about love between a man and a woman dreams that can come true and a father's extreme love for his son. The talented Tan Sri P. Ramlee plays the adult father character Hassan as well as the spoilt son Sazali Hassan.
 That's Dancing! is a 1985 retrospective documentary produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer that looked back at the history of dancing in film.
 3:10 to Yuma is a 2007 western film directed by James Mangold and produced by Cathy Konrad and stars Russell Crowe and Christian Bale in the lead roles with supporting performances by Peter Fonda Gretchen Mol Ben Foster Dallas Roberts Alan Tudyk Vinessa Shaw and Logan Lerman. It is a remake of the 1957 film of the same name making it the second adaptation of Elmore Leonard's short story Three-Ten to Yuma. Filming took place in various locations in New Mexico.
 Lora from Morning Till Evening (Bulgarian: Лора от сутрин до вечер) is a 2011 Bulgarian comedy film written and directed by Dimitar Kotzev.
 Framed is a 1930 American film directed by George Archainbaud.
 Return of Sabata (Italian: È tornato Sabata ... hai chiuso un'altra volta roughly translated as Sabata is back ... to end another time) is a 1971 Spaghetti Western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini. The third film in The Sabata Trilogy it features the return of Lee Van Cleef as the title character which he had played in the first film Sabata but was replaced by Yul Brynner in the second film Adiós Sabata due to a scheduling conflict.
 Conflit (aka Conflict) is a 1938 French drama film directed by Léonide Moguy who co-wrote screenplay with Hans Wilhelm and Charles Gombault (dialogue) based on novel Les soeurs Kleh by Gina Kaus.
 Nadiya Kollappetta Rathri is a 2007 Malayalam thriller film by K. Madhu starring Suresh Gopi and Kavya Madhavan. The film's plot is inspired from Agatha Christie's novel Elephants Can Remember
 Black Hunters is a 2008 Russian language action drama film directed by Andrey Malyukov . The film features Danila Kozlovsky Andrey Terentev Vladimir Yaglych Dmitriy Volkostrelov and Ekaterina Klimova in the lead roles. The movie is about time travel.
 Salem Vishnu is a 1990 Tamil action film directed by Thiagarajan. The film features Thiagarajan and Rupini in lead roles. The film produced by Thiagarajan had musical score by Sangeetha Rajan and was released on 16 February 1990.
 The Fatal Sign is a 1920 American drama film serial directed by Stuart Paton. The film is considered to be lost.
 Danika is a 2006 horror film directed by Israeli Ariel Vromen. It stars Marisa Tomei Craig Bierko and Regina Hall. The film was released on DVD in the US on December 26 2006.
 Worm (Russian: Cherv) is a 2006 Russian drama film directed by Aleksei Muradov. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Nipper (1930) is a British musical film directed by Louis Mercanton and starring Betty Balfour John Stuart and Anne Grey. It is also known by the alternative title The Brat.
 P're Hanggang Sa Huli is a 1995 Filipino action comedy film by Viva Films. It starred Robin Padilla and Andrew E..
 Armageddon is a 1998 American science fiction disaster drama film directed by Michael Bay produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and released by Touchstone Pictures. The film follows a group of blue-collar deep-core drillers sent by NASA to stop a gigantic asteroid on a collision course with Earth.
 Wow The Kid Gang of Bandits (ドラミちゃん アララ♥少年山賊団!！ Dorami-chan: Arara shounen sanzoku Dan) is a Doraemon anime film . It premiered in theatres on March 9 1991 with Doraemon: Nobita in Dorabian Nights. The movie's original plot was written by Hiroshi Fujimoto and Moto Abiko.
 Smash His Camera is a 2010 documentary film directed by filmmaker Leon Gast about the life and career of paparazzi photographer Ron Galella. The film won the Directing Award Documentary at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival and began a limited U.S. theatrical release on 30 July 2010 through Magnolia Pictures and will be shown on HBO.
 A Woman Possessed is a 1959 British film.
 Wuthering Heights is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Andrea Arnold and starring Kaya Scodelario as Catherine and James Howson as Heathcliff. The screenplay written by Andrea Arnold and Olivia Hetreed is based on Emily Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name. As in most other film adaptations the novel's second half about the romance between Catherine Linton and Linton Heathcliff is omitted.
 Le Casse (US title: The Burglars) is a 1971 movie directed by French director Henri Verneuil starring Jean-Paul Belmondo Omar Sharif and Robert Hossein. It is based on the 1953 novel by David Goodis and revolves around a team of four burglars chased by a corrupt cop in Athens. It's a remake of the 1957 film The Burglar with Jayne Mansfield. The movie is known for its spectacular car chase and Belmondo's incredible fall from a construction truck down a steep rocky hillside.
 This article is about the film. For the stage musical see Secondhand Lions: A New Musical.Secondhand Lions a 2003 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Tim McCanlies tells the story of an introverted young boy (Haley Joel Osment) who is sent to live with his eccentric great-uncles (Robert Duvall and Michael Caine) on a farm in Texas.
 24/7 in Love is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by John D. Lazatin Mae Czarina Cruz Frasco Santos Mortiz and Dado Lumibao from Star Cinema. The film was released nationwide on November 21 2012. The film is a romance anthology in which several characters are involved in various crazy antics for love’s sake. The ensemble cast is composed of selected Star Magic's talents to celebrate the agency's 20th year anniversary.
 Saraband is a 2003 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman and his final film. It was made for Swedish television but released theatrically in a longer cut outside Sweden. Its United States theatrical release with English subtitles was in July 2005. The Swedish television version is 107 minutes while theatrical releases run just under 2 hours.The story is a sequel to Bergman's Scenes from a Marriage (1973) bringing back the characters of Johan and Marianne.
 Fatty's Reckless Fling is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Eskrimadors is a 2010 Philippine documentary film about the Filipino martial arts eskrima written and directed by Kerwin Go a Los Angeles trained cinematographer.
 The Second Civil War is a satirical/comedy film made for the HBO cable television network and first shown on March 15 1997. Directed by Joe Dante the film is a satire about anti-immigrant sentiment in the United States.The film also stars James Earl Jones Elizabeth Peña and Denis Leary as reporters for a CNN like cable network (NN); Phil Hartman as the U.S. President James Coburn as his chief political advisor and William Schallert as the Secretary of Defense.
 The Guilt of Janet Ames is a 1947 drama film. A widow sets out to find the five men whose lives were saved by the sacrifice of her husband in World War II and judge whether they are worthy.
 The Earl of Essex (German: Der Graf von Essex) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Peter Paul Felner and starring Eugen Klöpfer Fritz Kortner and Werner Krauss. It was loosely based on the 1761 play Der Graf von Essex by Peter von Stüven set in Elizabethan England and based in turn on the 1678 work Le Comte d'Essex by Thomas Corneille.
 For the 1937 Warner Brothers version of the same film see The Man Without a Country (1937 film).The Man Without a Country (1917) is an American silent film adaptation of Edward Everett Hale's The Man Without a Country. It was directed by Ernest C. Warde and starred Florence La Badie Holmes Herbert and J. H. Gilmour and released by Thanhouser Film Corporation.The film follows closely to the storyline of the book and was a success in film theaters.
 Running Out of Time 2 (Chinese: 暗戰2 literal title:Hidden War 2) is a 2001 Hong Kong crime caper film co-directed by Johnnie To and Law Wing-Cheong. It is a sequel to To's 1999 film Running Out of Time with Lau Ching-Wan returning as Inspector Ho Sheung-Sang who this time has to go after an elusive thief played by Ekin Cheng.
 Mickey's Medicine Man is a 1934 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on May 18 1934 by Post Pictures Corp. It was the last film in the Mickey McGuire series.
 A Scandal in Paris is a 1946 American biographical film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring George Sanders Signe Hasso and Carole Landis. It loosely depicts the life of Eugène François Vidocq a French criminal who reformed and became a famous French Prefect of Police during the Napoleonic era.
 Dame sobh (Persian: دم صبح‎ Dam-e Sobh English title: Day Break) is an award-winning 2005 independent film from Iranian director Hamid Rahmanian. It depicts a man on death row whose execution is repeatedly delayed because the family of the victim does not appear for his execution (which is necessary for an execution to take place under Iranian law).
 Lord Camber's Ladies (1932) is a British drama film directed by Benn W. Levy produced by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Gerald du Maurier Gertrude Lawrence Benita Hume and Nigel Bruce. It is an adaptation of the 1915 play The Case of Lady Camber by Horace Annesley Vachell.
 Check Your Guns is a 1948 film directed by Ray Taylor. It stars Eddie Dean.
 Satyameba Jayate (Bengali: সত্যমেব জয়তে ) (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Milan Bhowmik. the movie featured Mithun Chakraborty Ashish Vidyarthi. Every reel of this Milan Bhowmick-directed film is very Stylish.
 The Man in the Moonlight was a 1919 silent film a drama set in the great north starring Colleen Moore and Monroe Salisbury.
 Danny is a 2001 Malayalam language Indian political comedy drama film written directed and produced by T.V. Chandran with Mammootty in the title role. Also starring in the film are noted danseuse Mallika Sarabhai Vani Viswanath Siddique Vijayaraghavan Ratheesh popular television actress Maya Moushmi and Narendra Prasad. It released coinciding with the festival of Christmas in December 2001. The film met with critical acclaim with most of the critics hailing the performance of Mammootty.
 Number One is a 1969 American film drama released by United Artists and directed by Tom Gries.The film stars Charlton Heston as Ron Cat Catlan aging quarterback for American professional football's New Orleans Saints and Jessica Walter as his wife. Musician Al Hirt plays himself as do several real-life members of the 1968 Saints. The football scenes were shot at the Saints' then-home field Tulane Stadium.
 Aliens is a 1986 American science fiction action horror film directed by James Cameron and starring Sigourney Weaver Carrie Henn Michael Biehn Lance Henriksen William Hope and Bill Paxton. It is the sequel to the 1979 film Alien and the second installment of the Alien franchise.
 Tommy Boy is a 1995 American road comedy film directed by Peter Segal written by Bonnie and Terry Turner produced by Lorne Michaels and starring former Saturday Night Live castmates and close friends Chris Farley and David Spade. The working title for the film was originally Rocky Road. The film tells the story of a socially and emotionally immature man (Farley) who learns lessons about friendship and self-worth following the sudden death of his industrialist father.
 Idukki Gold is a 2013 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Aashiq Abu starring Vijayaraghavan Pratap Pothen Raveendran Babu Antony and Maniyanpilla Raju based on Santhosh Echikkanam's short story of the same name. The film was released on October 11 2013
 Lethal Film (Swedish: Livsfarlig film) is a 1988 Swedish drama film directed by Suzanne Osten. Lena T. Hansson won the award for Best Actress at the 24th Guldbagge Awards.
 For the actual World War II battle see Battle of San Pietro Infine.For the 1734 battle of the War of Polish Succession see Battle of San Pietro.The Battle of San Pietro is a documentary film directed by John Huston about the Battle of San Pietro Infine sixty miles from Naples during World War II. It was shot by Jules Buck. It was released in the U.S. in 1945 but shown to U.S. troops earlier.Huston and his crew were attached to the U.S. Army’s 143rd Regiment of the 36th Division.
 LBJ: The Early Years was a television movie that appeared on the NBC network in February 1987 depicting the life of former President of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson from 1934 until 1973. Actor Randy Quaid won a Golden Globe award for his portrayal of Johnson.
 Fight for the Planet is a 2009 Canadian film. Directed produced and edited by Colin Carter Fight for the Planet is a call to action film about global warming and the future of our society as it steps into a new environmentally conscious era. Fight for the Planet was 16 year old director Colin Carter's first feature film and is the first in a row of award winning features (Please Kill Mr. Know It All (2012) and Blueprints (2013)).
 The Texas Rangers is a 1951 Western film.
 Jeena Marna Tere Sang is a 1992 Indian Bollywood film directed by Vijay Reddy. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Raveena Tandon in pivotal roles.
 The Sensei (2008) is an independent feature film written produced and directed by Diana Lee Inosanto (credited as D. Lee Inosanto).
 The Conrad Boys is a 2006 drama film starring Justin Lo Nick Bartzen Boo Boo Stewart and Barry Shay. The film was written and directed by Justin Lo.This film was produced by Justin Lo and Jose Ramizer.
 Jesus Christ's Horoscope (Hungarian: Jézus Krisztus horoszkópja) is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by Miklós Jancsó. It was entered into the 16th Moscow International Film Festival.
 La Fugue de Monsieur Perle (English title Run Away Mr. Perle) is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Pierre Gaspard-Huit written by Loïc Le Gouriadec starring Noël-Noël and featuring Louis de Funès.
 The Girl in the Picture is a 1957 British crime film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Donald Houston and Patrick Holt.
 Bel Ami is a 1939 German film directed by Willi Forst. It is based on Guy de Maupassant's novel Bel Ami.
 God's Country is a 1946 comedy western film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey and starring Robert Lowery Helen Gilbert and Buster Keaton. It is a low-budget B Western set in the contemporary American West.
 Mrs. Salkım's Diamonds (Turkish: Salkım Hanım'ın Taneleri) is a 1999 Turkish drama film directed by Tomris Giritlioğlu based the historical novel of the same name by Yılmaz Karakoyunlu.
 Blind Shaft (Chinese: 盲井; pinyin: Mángjǐng) is a 2003 film about a pair of brutal con artists operating in the illegal coal mines of present-day northern China. The film was written and directed by Li Yang (李杨) and is based on Chinese writer Liu Qingbang's short novel Shen Mu (Sacred Wood).
 Bigga than Ben is a 2008 British black comedy film written and directed by Suzie Halewood. The film is based on the 1999 Russian novel of the same name.It was released on 10 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and 18 November 2008 in the United States. It stars Ben Barnes Andrei Chadov Ovidiu Matesan and Hero Fiennes-Tiffin.
 Mein Ek Din Laut Kay Aaoon Ga (Urdu: میں ایک دن لوٹ کے آؤں گا‎) is a Lollywood Urdu film starring Humayun Saeed Nadeem Nausheen Ali Sarder Puja Kanwal and Javed Sheikh. The film is directed by Mohammad Javed Fazil.The film was released on August 22 2007 in the UK.
 Taste of Excitement is a 1970 British film directed by Don Sharp.
 Rock Odyssey is an animated feature film produced by Hanna-Barbera for a theatrical release in 1987.Directed by Robert Taylor (but credited to William Hanna and Joseph Barbera on the final print) with storyboards by Pete Alvarado.
 O Segredo do Corcunda is a 1924 Brazilian silent crime film directed by Alberto Traversa. The film premiered on December 24 1924 in Rio de Janeiro.
 Taking his Chance is a 1914 film from director Raymond Longford based on a poem by Henry Lawson. It is considered a lost film.
 Summer Palace (simplified Chinese: 颐和园; traditional Chinese: 頤和園; pinyin: Yíhé Yuán) is a 2006 Chinese film and the fourth feature film by director Lou Ye. The film was a Chinese-French collaboration produced by Dream Factory Laurel Films Fantasy Pictures and Sylvain Bursztejn's Rosem Films. It was made in association with France's Ministère de la Culture et de la Communication Ministère des Affaires Étrangères and Centre National de la Cinématographie (CNC).
 Lost in Paradise is a 2011 Vietnamese drama film directed by Vũ Ngọc Đãng. Its original title is Rebellious Hot Boy and the Story of Cười the Prostitute and the Duck (Hot boy nổi loạn và câu chuyện về thằng Cười cô gái điếm và con vịt) shortened to Rebellious Hot Boy (Hot boy nổi loạn) or simply Hot Boy. The film is set in Ho Chi Minh City and has two separate story lines. The first depicts a love triangle between three men Khôi Lam and Đông amidst a backdrop of male prostitution.
 Azhagaana Ponnuthan is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Thiru that stars Namitha and newcomer Kartheesh in lead roles with R. Parthiban playing an older version of Karthick's role. The film is an unofficial remake of the Italian film Malena .The film's score and soundtrack composed by Sundar C Babu. The film produced by K. Keshavan was released on 12 March 2010.
 Unknown is a 2006 American crime-thriller film directed by Colombian filmmaker Simon Brand and starring Jim Caviezel Greg Kinnear Bridget Moynahan Joe Pantoliano and Barry Pepper about a group of men kidnapped and locked in a factory with no memory of how they arrived there. Piecing together information around them they realize that some were kidnapped and some were the kidnappers.
 Vanity is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Jane Cain Percy Marmont and John Counsell. The plot concerns a conceited actress convinced of the general adoration in which she is held faking her own death in order to gratify herself by observing the depth of grief caused by her demise. However the actual reactions to the news prove to be far from what she had expected.
 The gangster film series is a Bollywood Crime thriller film series directed by Ram Gopal Varma. It is based on the Indian mafia organization D-Company known to be run by Dawood Ibrahim. The first film came in 1998 the critically acclaimed Satya Then in 2002 came commercial as well as critical success Company and then a prequel to Company was made in 2005: D. The three Varma films Satya Company and D.
 The Mission (Chinese: 鎗火) is a 1999 Hong Kong crime film produced and directed Johnnie To and starring Anthony Wong Francis Ng Jackie Lui Lam Suet and Simon Yam.
 Guru (English: Teacher) is a 1980 Tamil-language drama film directed by I. V. Sasi. The film features Kamal Haasan and Sridevi in the lead roles while M. N. Nambiar Muthuraman and Mohan Babu play supporting roles. The film opened in July 1980 to positive reviews. It was a blockbuster and completed a 365-day run at the box office. The film a bi-lingual was made in Telugu language as well with the same title.
 LENNONYC is a 2010 documentary film written and directed by Michael Epstein about the life of John Lennon in New York City after the breakup of the Beatles. The film premiered at the New York Film Festival and was shown at a free public screening in Central Park on October 9 which would have been Lennon's 70th birthday.
 A Wild Ass of a Man is a 1980 Australian film based on the novel by Barry Oakley about a school teacher.
 The Mutiny of the Elisnore is a 1920 American silent action film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Mitchell Lewis Helen Ferguson and Noah Beery Jr.. It is an adaptation of the Jack London novel The Mutiny of the Elsinore.
 Eetti is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Ravi Arasu and produced by Vetrimaaran and Michael Rayappan. The film features Adharvaa and Sri Divya in the lead roles while G. V. Prakash Kumar composes the film's music. The film is expected to release in mid-2014.
 Darmiyaan: In Between (1997) is an Indian film starring Arif Zakaria Tabu and Kiron Kher. The film is set in Bollywood of the 1940s and tells the story of an actress who discovers that her son is a eunuch.
 My Uncle Rafael is a 2012 film directed by Marc Fusco. The screenplay was written by Scott Yagemann and Vahik Pirhamzei based on Pirhamzei's play Rafael Keroo Gandzere.
 Super Speed is a 1925 silent film comedy directed by Al Rogell and starring Reed Howes and Mildred Harris.It survives at the Library of Congress.
 K-PAX is a 2001 American science fiction and mystery film directed by Iain Softley and starring Kevin Spacey Jeff Bridges Mary McCormack and Alfre Woodard. The screenplay written by Gene Brewer and Charles Leavitt is based on the novel K-PAX by Brewer about a psychiatric patient who claims to be an alien from the planet K-PAX. During his treatment the patient demonstrates an outlook on life that ultimately proves inspirational for his fellow patients and especially for his psychiatrist.
 Nariman is a 2001 Malayalam film. Directed by K. Madhu this film is an investigative thriller. Suresh Gopi appears in the title role Ashok Nariman a police officer who is assigned to investigate Ammini murder case. Along with him Siddique Jagathi Sreekumar JagadeeshAnju Augustine T. P. MadhavanN. F. Varghese Sadiq Janardanan Ashokan and Samyuktha Varma also shares the screen. The script was done by S. N. Swamy. This film turned out to be a box office blockbuster.
 Wittgenstein is a 1993 film by the English director Derek Jarman. It is loosely based on the life story as well as the philosophical thinking of the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein. The adult Wittgenstein is played by Karl Johnson.The original screenplay was by the literary critic Terry Eagleton. Jarman heavily rewrote the script during pre-production and shooting radically altering the style and structure although retaining much of Eagleton's dialogue.
 Mattilo Manikyam (Telugu: మట్టిలో మాణిక్యం) is a 1971 Telugu drama film directed by B. V. Prasad. It is produced by actor Chalam.The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu in 1971.
 Bodyguard is a 2012 Telugu film directed by Gopichand Malineni and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. The film features Venkatesh and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles with Saloni Aswani and Prakash Raj in other pivotal roles. It was the remake of Malayalam film Bodyguard directed by Siddique where Dileep and Nayantara played the lead role. The film which has music scored by S. Thaman released on 14 January 2012.
 Va a ser que nadie es perfecto (English: It turns out nobody's perfect) is a 2006 Spanish comedy film. The story follows a peculiar friendship among cripples.
 Chamakti Bijli is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Transitions is the first full colour 3D IMAX film created for the Canada Pavilion at Expo 86 co-directed by Colin Low and Tony Ianzelo and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). It built upon We Are Born of Stars created for Expo '85 in Tskuba Japan which used anaglyph 3D. The film is also notable for the first use of stereoscopic computer animation.
 Vaaname Ellai is a 1992 Indian Tamil language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Anand Babu Ramya Krishnan Madhoo Vishali Kannadasan Rajesh and Babloo Prithviraj.The story involves five characters from different background who got vexed with their lives jointly decide to end their lives together but begin a short journey of 100 days to live together happily before dying. K. Balachander won the Filmfare Award for Best Director – Tamil.
 Z.P.G. (short for Zero Population Growth) is a 1972 British dystopian science fiction film starring Oliver Reed and Geraldine Chaplin and directed by Michael Campus. It is based on Paul R. Ehrlich's best-selling book The Population Bomb. The film concerns an overpopulated very polluted future Earth whose world government executes those who violate a 30-year ban on having children.
 Keladi Kanmani (Tamil: கேளடி கண்மணி; English: Listen to me my dear) is a 1990 Tamil film directed by Vasanth starring noted playback singer SP Balasubrahmanyam and Radhika Sarathkumar. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 206-day run at the box office.
 Not to be confused with the unrelated 1950 film.My Blue Heaven is a 1990 comedy film directed by Herbert Ross written by Nora Ephron and starring Steve Martin Rick Moranis and Joan Cusack. This would be the third film Steve Martin and Rick Moranis starred together in. It has been noted for its relationship to the movie Goodfellas which was released one month after this film.
 Cinderella Man is a 2005 American drama film by Ron Howard titled after the nickname of heavyweight boxing champion James J. Braddock and inspired by his life story. The film was produced by Howard Penny Marshall and Brian Grazer. Damon Runyon is credited for giving Braddock this nickname. Russell Crowe Renée Zellweger and Paul Giamatti star.
 Tom in America is an upcoming film by writer-director Flavio Alves starring Burt Young and Sally Kirkland. The story centers around the life of a married elderly man living in a Long Island suburb of New York who while rummaging through trash in search of things to sell at the local flea market finds a Tom of Finland doll that triggers a long-ignored impulse.
 Police Story 2013 is a 2013 Chinese-Hong Kong action crime film directed and written by Ding Sheng and starring Jackie Chan in another reboot of the Police Story film series. The film is directed by Ding Sheng whom previously helmed Chan's Little Big Soldier.
 Peters baby is a 1961 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Ebbe Langberg.
 Mafia vs. Ninja aka Hong men jue e zhe is a 1984 martial arts film directed by Robert Tai. Made in Hong Kong it stars Alexander Lou in alongside Eugene Thomas.
 The Flame of New Orleans is a 1941 comedy film directed by René Clair and starring Marlene Dietrich and Bruce Cabot in his first comedy role. The supporting cast features Roland Young Andy Devine and Franklin Pangborn.The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction by Martin Obzina Jack Otterson and Russell A. Gausman.
 The Best Man Holiday is a 2013 American Christmas tragicomedy film directed and written by Malcolm D. Lee a sequel to the 1999 film The Best Man. The film released on November 15 2013 by Universal Pictures stars Taye Diggs Terrence Howard Harold Perrineau Morris Chestnut Monica Calhoun Sanaa Lathan Nia Long Melissa De Sousa and Regina Hall reprising their roles from the 1999 film along with the supporting cast.
 King Kennedy is an upcoming drama thriller film set in the 1960s made entirely from archive material. The film stars some of the most prominent characters from 1960s America including US President John F. Kennedy Robert F. Kennedy the African-American civil rights movement leader Martin Luther King convicted assassins Lee Harvey Oswald and Sirhan Sirhan and the film world's brightest icons of that time Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra.
 Stamp Day for Superman is a 1954 black-and-white short film starring George Reeves as Superman and Noel Neill as Lois Lane. It was produced by Superman Inc. for the United States Department of the Treasury to promote the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds. Never shown theatrically it was distributed to schools as a means of educating children about the program.Due to its nature as a government film Stamp Day for Superman is in the public domain and can often be found on inexpensive DVD sets.
 Land Without Music is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Richard Tauber Diana Napier and Jimmy Durante. It was made at Denham Studios. The film was one of a number of operetta films made in Britain during the decade.The film is also known by the alternative title Forbidden Music in the United States.
 Bluebird is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Maine native Lance Edmands. Set and filmed in Northern Maine it tells the story of how a school bus driver's momentary distraction causes a near-tragedy and affects the whole community. It co-stars Amy Morton Margo Martindale John Slattery Emily Meade Louisa Krause and Adam Driver. It was filmed in Winter 2012.Edmands finished the first draft of the screenplay in 2009.
 Mulla is a 2008 Malayalam film made in India by Lal Jose starring Dileep Meera Nandan and Biju Menon. The movie was an average at the Box office.
 Island Dreams is a 2013 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Louise delos Reyes directed by Aloy Adlawan and Gino M. Santos. It was an official entry in the 39th Metro Manila Film Festival under the New Wave Category and won the Most Gender-Sensitive Film Award.
 Le pillole di Ercole is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Domino is a 2005 American action film directed by Tony Scott and written by Richard Kelly. Inspired by Domino Harvey the English daughter of stage and screen actor Laurence Harvey who became a Los Angeles bounty hunter the plot flashes back as Domino (Keira Knightley) fashion model turned bounty hunter narrates how a $10M robbery came about 36 hours before. Supporting roles are Mickey Rourke Edgar Ramirez Delroy Lindo and Mo'Nique.
 The Lawnmower Man is a 1992 American science fiction action horror film directed by Brett Leonard and written by Brett Leonard and Gimel Everett. The film is named after a Stephen King short story of the same title but aside from a single scene the stories are unrelated. The film stars Jeff Fahey as Jobe Smith a simple-minded gardener and Pierce Brosnan as Dr.
 World of Glory is a 1991 Swedish short film written and directed by Roy Andersson. Its original Swedish title is Härlig är jorden which means Lovely is the Earth and is the Swedish title of the hymn Fairest Lord Jesus. The narrative portrays a man in white make-up who guides the viewer through his life in a bleakly stylised world. The film was Andersson's critical comeback to cinema after many years in advertising.
 Ek: The Power of One is a 2009 action film starring Bobby Deol in the lead. It's a Hindi remake of the Telugu film Athadu. Athadu was a super hit movie while EK flopped and received negative reviews.
 The Missing Scarf is a 2013 computer animated short film directed by Eoin Duffy produced by Jamie Hogan & narrated by George Takei. The film was shortlisted for the 86th Academy Awards. The project was created in conjunction with Irish Film Board Raidió Teilifís Éireann and Arts Council of Ireland the short film is made in Blender3D making the first blender-made short film to be shortlisted for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 2014.
 This Man is News is a 1938 British comedy mystery film directed by David MacDonald and starring Barry K. Barnes Valerie Hobson Alastair Sim and Edward Lexy. A journalist solves a crime of which he himself is suspected.It was loosely modelled on the American Thin Man series of films. A sequel This Man in Paris was made in 1939.
 Big Deal After 20 Years (Italian: I soliti ignoti vent'anni dopo) is a 1985 Italian comedy film directed by Amanzio Todini.
 Chouans! is a 1988 French historical adventure film directed by Philippe de Broca and starring Sophie Marceau Philippe Noiret and Lambert Wilson. Based on the 1829 novel Les Chouans by Honoré de Balzac the film is about a woman who must choose between two brothers on opposite sides of the French Civil War of 1793. For her performance in the film Sophie Marceau received the Cabourg Romantic Film Festival Award for Best Actress.
 The Great Sioux Uprising is a 1953 western film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Jeff Chandler.
 H*Commerce: The Business of Hacking You is a six-part online documentary film series directed by Seth Gordon. It centers on the struggle between criminal hackers and security experts. Each segment is between five and eight minutes in length. The first was released on the Internet on May 20 2009.H*Commerce stands for hacker commerce specifically the business of making money through the illegal use of technology to compromise personal and business data according to McAfee.
 The Gong Show Movie is a 1980 film that shows a fictional week in the life of Chuck Barris as the host and creator of The Gong Show through a series of outrageous competitors stressful situations a nervous breakdown (which compels him to run away and hide in the desert) and other comic hijinks in his life and work on the TV show. It was rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America which allowed it to be even more outrageous than the TV version.
 Razor Eaters is a 2003 Australian crime thriller film written and directed by Shannon Young. The film had its world premiere on July 13 2003 at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival and later had a DVD release in July 2006.
 Mansome is a 2012 documentary film directed by Morgan Spurlock and executive produced by actors/comedians Will Arnett and Jason Bateman and Electus founder Ben Silverman.
 Raajneeti (Hindi: राजनीति; Politics) is a 2010 Indian political thriller film directed and produced by Prakash Jha with a screenplay by Anjum Rajabali and Prakash Jha and starring Ajay Devgan Nana Patekar Ranbir Kapoor Katrina Kaif Arjun Rampal Manoj Bajpayee and Naseeruddin Shah in the lead roles. It was originally produced by Prakash Jha Productions and was distributed by UTV Motion Pictures and Walkwater Media. It was shot in Bhopal.
 Thunderbirds is a 1952 war film starring John Derek featuring the exploits of the 45th Infantry Division in the Italian campaign of World War II. The film was made by Republic Pictures with sequences filmed at Fort Sill Oklahoma.
 Imtihan (The Test) is a 1974 Indian Hindi film starring Vinod Khanna Tanuja and Bindu. The story of the film revolves around an idealistic professor who decides to reform a group of rowdy students at a college. It is inspired by the 1967 British film To Sir with Love and has inspired the television series Jeet. The film was shot in Nashik.
 Apio verde is 2013 Chilean thriller film written and directed by Francesc Morales starring Catherine Mazoyer Cristian Gajardo Catalina Aguayo Sonia Mena Teresita Reyes Alejandro Trejo Gregory Cohen Jenny Cavallo Carolina Paulsen among others. The film focuses on how a normal woman is turned into a psychotic as she's told the child she's expecting has anencephaly a disease that won't allow him to live once he's born.
 Tarnation is a 2003 American documentary film by Jonathan Caouette. The film was created by Caouette from over 20 years of hundreds of hours of old Super 8 footage VHS videotape photographs and answering machine messages to tell the story of his life and his relationship with his mentally ill mother Renee.Tarnation was initially made for a total budget of $218.32 using free iMovie software on a Mac.
 So Evil My Love (U.S. The Obsessed) is a 1948 British and American Gothic psychological thriller film directed by Lewis Allen and starring Ray Milland Ann Todd and Geraldine Fitzgerald.The film is a period drama set in the Victorian era and shot in film noir style in the late-1940s sub-genre often referred to as Gaslight noir. It is based on the popular novel by Marjorie Bowen (published under the pseudonym Joseph Shearing) and was filmed at Denham Studios and on location in London.
 My Home Is Copacabana (Swedish: Mitt hem är Copacabana) is a 1965 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Sucksdorff. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival and the 4th Moscow International Film Festival. Sucksdorff won the award for Best Director at the 2nd Guldbagge Awards.
 Kissi Se Na Kehna (Hindi: किसी से न कहना Urdu: کسی سے نا کہنا English: Don't Tell Anyone) is a 1983 film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. It was a sweet comedy with actors like Farooq Shaikh Deepti Naval and Utpal Dutt.
 Switchmas (earlier title Ira Finkelstein's Christmas) is an American comedy film directed by Sue Corcoran.
 The Immortal Voyage of Captain Drake is a made for TV movie starring Adrian Paul and Sofia Pernas released on January 17 2009.
 Beethoven's 2nd is a 1993 family film directed by Rod Daniel and the first sequel to the 1992 film Beethoven. It starred Charles Grodin Bonnie Hunt and Debi Mazar. This is the second of seven installments in the Beethoven film series. Initially no theatrical sequel to Beethoven was planned but Beethoven's 2nd was produced after the unexpected financial success of the film. This is the last film in the franchise to be released theatrically as well as the last to feature the original cast.
 The Swap is a 1979 American film directed by Jordan Leondopoulos. The film is edited from the 1969 film Sam's Song also directed by Leondopoulos.The film is also known as Line of Fire (American video title).
 Her Last Affaire is a 1936 British drama film directed by Michael Powell and starring Hugh Williams Viola Keats Cecil Parker and Googie Withers. The wife of a politician is found dead at a country inn. It was based on the play S.O.S. by Walter Ellis.
 Find the Woman is a 1922 American silent mystery drama film directed by Tom Terriss and starring Alma Rubens. It was produced by Cosmopolitan Productions owned by William Randolph Hearst and distributed by Paramount Pictures.An incomplete print survives in the Library of Congress.
 The Way Things Go (German: Der Lauf der Dinge) is a 1987 art film by the Swiss artist duo Peter Fischli and David Weiss. It documents a long causal chain assembled of everyday objects resembling a Rube Goldberg machine.
 The E-Flat Man is a 1935 American short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 Chupke Chupke (Hindi: चुपके चुपके; translation: Hush-Hush) is a 1975 Indian comedy film starring Dharmendra Sharmila Tagore Amitabh Bachchan Jaya Bachchan Om Prakash Usha Kiran David Abraham Cheulkar Asrani and Keshto Mukherjee. The movie a remake of the Bengali movie Chhadmabeshi was directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee based on Upendranath Ganguly's Bengali story Chhadobeshi. with music composed by S.D. Burman.
 Mob Story (1990) is a Canadian film. The story is about a New York gangster who is forced to go on the run and hides out in the small town where he grew up.It was filmed in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.
 Those Who Love is a 1926 silent film produced in Australia about the son of a knight who falls in love with a dancer. Only part of the film survives today and it is held by the National Film and Sound Archive.
 Glorifying the American Girl is a 1929 musical comedy film produced by Florenz Ziegfeld that highlights Ziegfeld Follies performers. The last third of the film (which was filmed in early Technicolor) is basically a Follies production with cameo appearances by Rudy Vallee Helen Morgan and Eddie Cantor.The script for the film was written by J.P. McEvoy and Millard Webb and directed by John W. Harkrider and Millard Webb.
 The Dream (Serbian: San) is a 1966 Yugoslavian war film directed by Mladomir Puriša Đorđević. It was entered into the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Celtic Pride is a 1996 American comedy written by Judd Apatow and Colin Quinn and directed by Tom DeCerchio. It stars Daniel Stern and Dan Aykroyd as Mike O'Hara and Jimmy Flaherty two passionate Boston Celtics fans and Damon Wayans as Lewis Scott the Utah Jazz's All-Star shooting guard.The film was a critical and commercial failure.
 Microwave Massacre is a 1983 black comedy horror film directed by Wayne Berwick and starring Jackie Vernon in his final feature film role. Considered a trash film by some critics it has nevertheless grown a cult following over the years.
 Mr. Reliable is a 1996 film directed by Nadia Tass. It stars Colin Friels and Jacqueline McKenzie. It tells the true story of Wally Mellish an ex-convict in 1960s Australia. Just released from prison all he wants to do is live a quiet life with his girlfriend Beryl. A misunderstanding quickly gets out of control when two police officers pay him a visit resulting in Wally Beryl and her child being trapped in their house.
 Pinnilavu is a 1983 Malayalam film by P. G. Viswambharan. It stars Mammootty Mohanlal Poornima Jayaram Madhu Mukesh Maniyan Pillai Raju Srividya and Sukumari in lead roles. This film is about a fight of ethics between father and son. The screen play was written by Thoppis Bhasi based on the story by C. Radhakrishnan by the same name. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
 Satan's Playground is a 2006 American horror film directed and written by Dante Tomaselli. The film was released on August 22 2006 and marked the first time Tomaselli did not serve as the producer of his own film. Satan's Playground stars Felissa Rose Ellen Sandweiss and Edwin Neal.
 Jumping Ship is the 2001 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie Horse Sense. It stars brothers Joey Lawrence Matthew Lawrence and Andy Lawrence. Directed by Michael Lange.
 Bangaram (Telugu: బంగారం English: Gold) is a Telugu film which released on 3 May 2006 and was directed by Tamil director Dharani. This film has Pawan Kalyan in the lead role and Meera Chopra Raja Reema Sen Ashutosh Rana Mukesh Rishi and playing the supporting roles.The movie didn't do well at the box office.
 Banaras is a 2009 Malayalam musical film by Nemom Pushparaj starring Vineeth Kavya Madhavan and Navya Nair.
 House of the Damned is a 1996 American zombie horror comedy film that was written and directed by Sean Weathers. It was first released on August 20 1996 through Full Circle Filmworks but was re-released in 2011 through Music Video Distributors (MVD). The film is Weathers' first film and was dedicated to his best friend and script supervisor Jahvaughn Lambert who committed suicide before the film was finished editing.
 Les Truands is a French comedy film starring Eddie Constantine directed by Carlo Rim. For English-speaking audiences it was renamed as Lock Up Your Spoons respectively The Gangsters.
 Sollathaan Ninaikkiren is a 1973 Tamil language film scripted and directed by K. Balachander starring Sivakumar Jayachitra Srividya Subha and Jayasudha in the lead roles. The film has Kamal Haasan as a playboy and Jayasudha as a young girl married to an older man (Poornam Vishwanathan). The film is based on a novel of the same name.
 Mirage (Macedonian: Илузија; transliterated Iluzija) is a 2004 Macedonian drama film starring Vlado Jovanovski Mustafa Nadarević Nikola Đuričko and Dejan Aćimović with Marko Kovačević debuting in its lead role. It was directed by Svetozar Ristovski who co-wrote the film with Grace Lea Troje.
 The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu is the second of three films starring Warner Oland as the fiendish Fu Manchu who returns from apparent death in the previous movie to seek revenge on those he holds responsible for the death of his wife and child. It was loosely adapted from the novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer.
 The ABC of Sex Education for Trainables is a 1975 short educational film hosted by Richard Dix. It was intended to inform people about the need to educate the mentally disabled (trainables as they are referred to in the film) about sex and sexuality. Reflecting the views held at the time the film explains that trainables cannot learn in the same manner as those of normal intelligence but must instead be trained through repetition.
 Dark Mirror is a 2007 psychological horror film which was directed by Pablo Proenza and stars Lisa Vidal David Chisum Christine Lakin Lupe Ontiveros and Joshua Pelegrin with a brief cameo by Daeg Faerch.
 Amore e chiacchiere (internationally released as Love and Chatter) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti. It is based on a Cesare Zavattini's play with the same title.For this film Carla Gravina was awarded best actress at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 Hamlet is a 2009 television film adaptation of the Royal Shakespeare Company's 2008 award-winning modern-dress stage production of William Shakespeare's play of the same name aired on BBC Two on 26 December 2009.
 Chinatown Kid (Chinese: 唐人街功夫小子; Mandarin Pinyin: Tángrénjiē Gōngfu Xiǎozi; Jyutping: Tong4jan4gaai1 Gung1fu1 Siu2zi2) is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh with action choreography by Robert Tai Chi Hsien and Lee Ka Ting and starring Alexander Fu Sheng and the Venom Mob. The film deals with drugs police corruption and gang warfare in San Francisco's Chinatown district.
 Lupe Balazos is a 1964 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 El Destino (Destiny) is a 1928 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta on his debut.
 Bratz: Starrin & Stylin is a 2004 animated direct-to-video film that was produced by CineGroupe and released on DVD by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. The film's rights is now owned by Lionsgate and it can now be found on digital online streaming on Vudu and digital download on iTunes.
 Bojhena Shey Bojhena (Bengali: বোঝেনা সে বোঝেনা; English: He/She doesn't understand) is a 2012 Bengali romantic drama film directed by Raj Chakraborty and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. The film is the remake of 2011 Tamil superhit Engaeyum Eppothum directed by M. Saravanan and starring Jai Anjali Sharvanand and Ananya.
 Hawa Hawaee is a 2007 Marathi comedy film directed by Vijay Kenkre. The star cast includes Rahul Gore Kavita Jadhav Anil Kadam Santosh Pawar Santosh Pawar.
 Jeppe på bjerget is a 1981 Danish film directed by Kaspar Rostrup and based on a play by Ludvig Holberg. It won three Bodil Awards : Best Film Best Actor (for Buster Larsen) and Best Supporting Actor (for Kurt Ravn). It was also entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival. It directly translates to Jeppe on the mountain.
 Fight Back to School 2 (Chinese: 逃學威龍2) is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Stephen Chow Ng Man-Tat and Cheung Man. It is a sequel to the 1991 film Fight Back to School.As said in Fight Back to School I this movie is set in 2 schools in Hong Kong; Shatin College and Chinese International School.
 Gunfight at the O.K. Corral (1957) is a film starring Burt Lancaster as Wyatt Earp and Kirk Douglas as Doc Holliday based on a real event which took place on October 26 1881. The picture was directed by John Sturges from a screenplay written by novelist Leon Uris. The culminating gunfight at the O.K. Corral in real-life was 30 second long face-to-face affair with only a few firearms not a medium-range heavily-armed shootout as portrayed in the movie.
 Miss Gold Digger (Hangul: 용의주도 미스 신; RR: Yonguijudo Miss Shin literally Prudent-Careful Miss Shin) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 The Amorous Prawn or The Amorous Mr. Prawn is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Ian Carmichael Joan Greenwood and Cecil Parker. General Fitzadam receives his final posting in the remote Scottish Highlands where his wife decides to run their residence as a hotel for wealthy Americans. The film was based on a farcical play by Kimmins.In the United States the film was retitled The Playgirl and the War Minister to exploit the Profumo Affair.
 Central Station (Portuguese: Central do Brasil) is a 1998 Brazilian-French drama film set in Brazil. It tells the story of a young boy's friendship with a jaded middle-aged woman. The film was adapted by Marcos Bernstein and João Emanuel Carneiro from a story by Walter Salles and it was directed by the latter. It features Fernanda Montenegro and Vinícius de Oliveira in the major roles. The film's title in Portuguese Central do Brasil is the name of Rio de Janeiro's main railway station.
 The Magic Crane is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by Tsui Hark directed by Benny Chan and starring Tony Leung Chiu-Wai Anita Mui and Rosamund Kwan based on the novel Xian He Shen Zhen by Wolong Sheng.
 Four Men In Prison is a 1950 British documentary film about prison conditions directed by Max Anderson. It was commissioned for the purpose of educating people involved in criminal justice. The film was criticized for being inaccurate and sensational and was quickly withdrawn.
 Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure (French: Franklin et le trésor du lac) is an animated adventure film released on September 6 2006 based on the TV series Franklin. It was also the first Franklin film to make it to the theaters in Canada and France.The events of this film focus around Franklin's Granny falling ill during a visit from Franklin's Aunt Lucy who is an archaeologist.
 La Moustache (in English The Moustache) is a French film from 2005 directed by Emmanuel Carrère and starring Vincent Lindon and adapted from Carrère's own novel. The film features music from Philip Glass. The film was awarded the Label Europa Cinemas prize at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival and is currently distributed theatrically in the United States by the Cinema Guild with a DVD release handled by Koch-Lorber Films.
 Inspector Gadget 2 (IG2) is a live-action direct-to-video comedy film released to VHS and DVD in March 2003. It was based upon the cartoon series created by DiC Entertainment and is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1999 Walt Disney Pictures film Inspector Gadget and also released by DIC Entertainment. It was filmed in Brisbane Queensland Australia.The second film departs slightly from the first one. Inspector Gadget and Dr.
 'Amar Praner Shami' (Bengali: আমার প্রানের স্বামী) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language Film. Released 2007 throughout Bangladesh. Directed by P a kAJOL. stars Shakib Khan Shabnur Nipun & many more. and the film become highest grossing film of 2007.
 Nil Gavani Sellathey is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language thriller film written directed and produced by Anand Chakravarthy which stars Anand himself alongside Jagan Lakshmi Nair Dhansika Adithyaa Dev and Ramsyy in the lead roles. The film which is inspired from The Texas Chain Saw Massacre released on 17 December 2010 with favorable reviews from the critics. It failed to succeed at the box office and was re-released on 25 March 2011.
 Camping Cosmos is a Belgian 1996 film sequel to La Vie sexuelle des Belges 1950-1978 directed by Jan Bucquoy. It stars Claude Semal Lolo Ferrari (Miss Vandeputte) Noël Godin (Pierre Mertens) Herman Brusselmans (Herman) and Arno (Harry).The movie's tagline is: Revolution football beer and frites. It is an unconventional and non-conformist story of the sexual habits of Belgians.
 D-Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 romantic war film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Charles Brackett from a screenplay by Ivan Moffat and Harry Brown based on the novel The Sixth of June by Lionel Shapiro.The film stars Robert Taylor Richard Todd Dana Wynter and Edmond O'Brien.
 Century is a 1993 British film written and directed by playwright Stephen Poliakoff.Clive Owen stars as a 19th-century Jewish doctor who while studying at a research institute discovers that the authoritative Doctor (played by Charles Dance) is sterilizing innocent women in order to prevent them from breeding.
 Alyam Alyam O les jours aka Oh the days is a 1978 Moroccan drama film.
 Kadamba (Kannada: ಕದಂಬ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada language drama film starring Vishnuvardhan Bhanupriya and Naveen Krishna in the lead roles. The film is directed and written by director Suresh Krissna making his debut in Kannada cinema and features soundtrack from Deva. The film story is inspired by Kondaveeti Simham (Telugu) and Thanga Padakam (Tamil).Released on 16 January 2004 the film met with average and critical response at the box-office.
 My Bollywood Bride is a 2006 English and Indian film released in 2007 theatrically and will release as new title My Faraway Bride on DVD (Vivendi/Universal) in August 2008 and also due to premiere on Showtime and Starz in 2008. Written by Richard Martini and Kashmera Shah story and produced by Brad Listermann it stars Jason Lewis and Kashmira Shah and is directed by Rajeev Virani.
 Blank Generation is a 1980 American produced music film. It was directed and co-written by Ulli Lommel and it stars Carole Bouquet as the French journalist Nada and Richard Hell.
 Love! Valour! Compassion! is a 1997 film adaptation by Terrence McNally of his play of the same name revolving around eight gay men who gather for three summer weekends.
 Cannonball also known as Carquake is a 1976 film starring David Carradine. The film is one of two released in 1976 (the other being The Gumball Rally) that were based on a real illegal cross-continent road race that took place for a number of years in the United States. The same topic later became the basis for the films The Cannonball Run Cannonball Run II and Speed Zone!.
 One Got Fat is a 1963 bicycle safety film. It is narrated by F-Troop and Fractured Fairy Tales star Edward Everett Horton.
 Journey for Survival is a 1981 American short documentary film directed by Dick Young. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Pather Panchali ([pɔt̪ʰer pãtʃali] English: Song of the Little Road) is a 1955 Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray and produced by the Government of West Bengal India. It is based on Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay's 1929 Bengali novel of the same name and is Ray's directorial debut. It features Subir Banerjee Kanu Banerjee Karuna Banerjee Uma Dasgupta and Chunibala Devi in major roles.
 Chakram is a 2003 Malayalam revenge film written and directed by A. K. Lohithadas starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Meera Jasmine Vijeesh and Chandra Laxman.
 Lady Libertine (also known as Frank and I) is a 1983 soft core erotic film by Gérard Kikoïne. This Playboy production released theatrically in Europe and on television in the US is an adaptation of the Victorian novel (1902) Frank and I by Bill Adler. French actress turned famous TV host Sophie Favier(fr) unsuccessfully sued to stop its release.Gérard Kikoïne had quite a large budget for this film and was assisted by French set designer Jean-Charles Dedieu.
 Speak Easily is a 1932 American comedy film starring Buster Keaton Jimmy Durante and Thelma Todd and directed by Edward Sedgwick. The studio also paired Keaton and Durante as a comedy team during this period in The Passionate Plumber and What! No Beer? Keaton later used many of the physical gags he created for this film later when he wrote (uncredited) gags for the Marx Brothers A Night At The Opera.
 Welcome to the Jungle is a 2013 comedy film directed by Rob Meltzer. It stars Jean-Claude Van Damme (who makes a foray into comedy) Adam Brody Rob Huebel Kristen Schaal Megan Boone and Dennis Haysbert. The film premiered at the 2013 Newport Beach Film Festival. The film was released in theatres and for video-on-demand on February 7 2014. It will be released directly to DVD and Blu-ray in United Kingdom on May 5 2014.
 Sons of the Sea is a 1939 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Leslie Banks Kay Walsh Mackenzie Ward and Cecil Parker.
 So Big is a 1924 silent film based on Edna Ferber's novel of the same name. It was produced by independent producer Earl Hudson the film was distributed through Associated First National. Unseen for decades it is considered a lost film. Only a trailer survives at the Library of Congress.
 Identification of a Woman (Italian: Identificazione di una donna) is a 1982 Italian drama film written directed and edited by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Tomás Milián Daniela Silverio and Christine Boisson. The film is about an Italian filmmaker searching for a woman to play the leading role in his next film and also in his life. Filmed on location in Rome and Venice Identification of a Woman was awarded the 35th Anniversary Prize at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hyderabad Blues 2 is a Hindi-English-Telugu language Indian film directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. The film is a sequel to the film Hyderabad Blues.
 A Strange Place to Meet (French: Drôle d'endroit pour une rencontre) is a 1988 French film directed by François Dupeyron and starring Catherine Deneuve and Gérard Depardieu.
 The Girl in a Swing is a 1988 American supernatural thriller film directed by Gordon Hessler and starring Meg Tilly Rupert Frazer Nicholas Le Prevost and Elspet Gray. Based on the 1980 novel The Girl in a Swing by Richard Adams the film is about an English antique dealer who travels to Copenhagen where he meets and falls in love with a mysterious German-born secretary whom he marries. Knowing nothing about her family or background he soon discovers a darker side to his new bride.
 Crash Goes the Hash is the 77th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Remedial Reading Comprehension is an experimental short film by Owen Land produced in 1970.
 The Big Cat is a 1949 American outdoor action film in Technicolor directed by Phil Karlson. The cast included Lon McCallister Peggy Ann Garner Preston Foster Forrest Tucker Skip Homeier and Gene Reynolds.
 Good Morning Miss Dove is a 1955 film which tells the sentimental story of a beloved schoolteacher who reflects back on her life and former students when she is hospitalized. It stars Jennifer Jones Robert Stack Kipp Hamilton Robert Douglas Peggy Knudsen Marshall Thompson Chuck Connors and Mary Wickes.The screenplay was adapted by Eleanor Griffin and based on the bestselling novel by Frances Gray Patton.
 The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz is a 1974 Canadian comedy-drama film directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Richard Dreyfuss. It is based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Mordecai Richler.
 7 Hati 7 Cinta 7 Wanita (7 Hearts 7 Loves 7 Women often abbreviated 7 Hati) is a 2011 Indonesian film. Written and directed by Robby Ertanto it stars Jajang C. Noer Marcella Zalianty Happy Salma Olga Lydia Intan Kieflie and Henky Solaiman. It follows the story of seven women connected through their obstetrician Kartini. It was nominated for 6 awards at the 2010 Indonesian Film Festival as well as eight at the 2011 Indonesian Movie Awards where it won two.
 Dhoon is a 1953 Bollywood film directed by M. Kumar. The film stars Raj Kapoor Nargis and M. Kumar. The music was by Madan Mohan.
 French Connection II is a 1975 crime drama film starring Gene Hackman and directed by John Frankenheimer. It is a fictional sequel to the initially true story of the 1971 Academy Award winning picture The French Connection. The film expands on the central character of Det. Jimmy Popeye Doyle who travels to Marseille France where he is attempting to track down French drug-dealer Alain Charnier who got away at the end of the first film.
 Back in the Saddle is a 1941 American Western film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Mary Lee. Written by Richard Murphy and Jesse Lasky Jr. the film is about a singing cowboy who attempts to bring peace between ranchers and the operator of a copper mine whose chemicals are poisoning the area's water supply. The film features several of Autry's hit songs including Back in the Saddle I'm An Old Cowhand and You Are My Sunshine.
 Sleepless Nights is a 2002 direct-to-video horror film in the vampire movie genre. It was written and directed by William Hopkins.
 Roadblock is a 1951 American film noir starring Charles McGraw and Joan Dixon. The 73-minute crime thriller was shot on location in Los Angeles California. The film was directed by Harold Daniels and the cinematography is by Nicholas Musuraca.
 A Walk to Beautiful is a 2007 American documentary film produced and distributed by Engel Entertainment about women who suffer from childbirth injuries in Ethiopia. In 2007 it premiered in film festivals and was chosen for the International Documentary Association Best Feature Documentary Film of the Year award. The following year the film opened in theaters in the United States in New York Los Angeles and San Francisco.
 Underground is a 1941 war film about the German Nazi Resistance opposing the Nazis in World War II. Jeffrey Lynn and Philip Dorn play two brothers initially on opposite sides.
 Another Life is a 2001 British film written and directed by Philip Goodhew. It stars Ioan Gruffudd Natasha Little Nick Moran Imelda Staunton Rachael Stirling and Tom Wilkinson.Chiefly set in London during the First World War and in the early 1920s (primarily 1921 and 1922) and based on a true story the film concerns a daydreaming young woman Edith Graydon (Little) who attracts then marries an ordinary shipping clerk Percy Thompson (Moran) who reminds her of a character in books.
 My Voyage to Italy (Italian: Il mio viaggio in Italia) is a personal documentary by acclaimed Italian-American director Martin Scorsese. The film is a voyage through Italian cinema history marking influential films for Scorsese and particularly covering the Italian neorealism period.The films of Roberto Rossellini make up for half the films discussed in the entire documentary dealing with his seminal influence on Italian cinema and cinema history.
 The Education of Elizabeth is a 1921 silent film comedy-romance produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Edward Dillon and stars stage star Billie Burke in her last silent film. The film was based on a play by Roy Horniman and is now a lost film.
 The Temptation of Barbizon (French: La Tentation de Barbizon) is a French fantasy-romance film from 1946 directed by Jean Stelli written by André-Paul Antoine and Marc-Gilbert Sauvajon and starring Simone Renant and François Périer. It was the first film of French actor Louis de Funès who appeared in a 40-second uncredited role. The black-and-white film is listed in the 100 IMDB Top International Romance Movies of the 1940s.
 American Movie is a 1999 documentary directed by Chris Smith. The film chronicles the real 1996-1997 making of Coven an independent horror film directed by an independent filmmaker named Mark Borchardt.
 King of the Rocket Men is a 1949 12-chapter Republic movie serial notable for introducing the Rocket Man who would later appear with different character identities in the rocket-powered hero serials that followed: Radar Men from the Moon (1949) Zombies of the Stratosphere (1952) and Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe (1953) (later syndicated on television in 1955 as a 25 episode series with the same title).
 Up the Junction is a 1968 British film directed by Peter Collinson and starring Dennis Waterman Suzy Kendall Adrienne Posta Maureen Lipman and Liz Fraser. It is based on the 1963 book of the same name by Nell Dunn and was adapted by Roger Smith. The film's soundtrack was made by Manfred Mann. The film followed the Ken Loach's BBC TV adaptation in 1965 but returned to the original book. It did not cause a similar controversy or have as much impact.
 A Delicate Balance is a 1973 drama film directed by Tony Richardson. The screenplay by Edward Albee is based on his 1966 Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name. The film was the second in a series produced by Ely A. Landau for his American Film Theatre a subscription-based program of screen adaptations of notable stage plays shown in five hundred theaters in four hundred cities.
 Istanbul is a 1957 American adventure-drama film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Errol Flynn Cornell Borchers and John Bentley. It is a remake of the film Singapore with the location of the action moved to Turkey.
 The Wicker Man is a 1973 British horror film directed by Robin Hardy and written by Anthony Shaffer. The film stars Edward Woodward Christopher Lee Diane Cilento Ingrid Pitt and Britt Ekland. Paul Giovanni composed the soundtrack. The film is now considered a cult classic.
 State of Bacon is an upcoming mockumentary written and directed by Jason Cook and produced in conjunction with the Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival. It postulates that bacon is one of the most popular foods in the world and covers the world's largest bacon festival the founders and the people that attend.
 Kick is an Australian movie produced and directed by Lynda Heys. It stars Russell Page Rebecca Yates and Martin Henderson. The movie was released on 14 December 1999 in Australia.
 Los dos apóstoles (The Two Apostles) is a 1964 Mexican comedy film. It stars Sara García.
 Ben and Arthur is a 2002 American romantic drama film written directed produced edited scored by and starring Sam Mraovich distributed by Ariztical Entertainment. The film concerns a recently married gay couple who face opposition from one of the partners' brother who plots to murder them after being ostracized by his church.
 Ladies' Night in a Turkish Bath is a 1928 silent film.
 Dosar (Bengali: দোসর; translation:Emotional companion) is a Bengali film released in 2006. Produced by Arindam Chaudhuri (Planman Motion Pictures) and directed by Rituparno Ghosh the black-and-white film won the National Film Award - Special Jury Award / Special Mention (Feature Film) for the lead role portrayal by Prosenjit Chatterjee. The movie additionally stars Konkona Sen Sharma who for her part won the Best Actress Award at the New York Film Festival in 2007.
 The Flaming Forest is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Antonio Moreno and Renée Adorée. The film is based on the novel of the same name by James Oliver Curwood and was produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. A two-strip Technicolor sequence was shot for a climactic blaze sequence featured in the film.
 Tu dors Nicole is an upcoming Canadian drama film directed by Stéphane Lafleur. It has been selected to be screened as part of the Directors' Fortnight section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Flash is a film released in theaters that was originally shown on The Wonderful World of Disney. The film details the story of a child Conner Strong (played by Lucas Black) who visits a horse every day in hopes of buying it. To do so Conner finds work as a delivery boy to save enough money for his dream.
 Rue des prairies is a 1959 French drama film directed by Denys de La Patellière.
 Police Story 3: Super Cop (Chinese: 警察故事３超級警察; Cantonese Yale: Jing cha gu shi III: Chao ji jing cha) also known as Super Cop in North America is a 1992 Hong Kong action film starring Jackie Chan and Michelle Yeoh. Jackie reprises his Kevin Chan Ka-Kui character a Hong Kong cop from Police Story and Police Story 2. It is the first in the series not to be directed by Jackie with Stanley Tong taking over the helm.
 Sevasadanam or Seva Sadan (Tamil: சேவா சதனம்) is a 1938 Tamil film directed by K. Subramanyam . It is one of the early Tamil films to be set in a contemporary social setting and to advocate reformist social policies. This was the first film for M. S. Subbulakshmi.
 Imago Mortis is a 2009 Italian-Spanish film directed by Stefano Bessoni. The supernatural thriller stars Geraldine Chaplin and is the first major screen appearance of her daughter Oona.
 The Mystery of a Hansom Cab is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by and starring Arthur Shirley based on the popular novel which had already been filmed in 1911. It is considered a lost film.
 Er Conde Jones (Count Jones) is a Venezuelan science-fiction-comedy film written directed and produced by Venezuelan comedian Bejamín Rausseo who also is the main protagonist Count Jones.The film has also special appearances by Venezuelan actors Luis Chataing and Erika de la Vega. Released on August 26 2011 in Venezuela the film became one of the most successful national films in Venezuelan history with as of the end of 2011 more than 696.000 spectators.
 Week Ends Only is a 1932 film made by Fox Film Corporation directed by Alan Crosland and starring by Joan Bennett Ben Lyon and John Halliday. The screenplay was written by William M. Conselman and Samuel Hopkins Adams based on novel by Samuel Hopkins Adams.
 La Chienne (1931) is a French film by director Jean Renoir. It is the second sound film by the director and the twelfth of his career. The literal English translation of the film's title is The Bitch although the movie was never released under this title. It is often referred to in English as Isn't Life a Bitch?It was remade by Fritz Lang in the United States as Scarlet Street (1945).
 Buffet froid is a 1979 French film written and directed by Bertrand Blier starring Gérard Depardieu Carole Bouquet Bernard Blier and Jean Carmet. The film is a crime thriller but displays a high degree of black humour as contemporary urban life is depicted as alienating and having a dehumanizing effect on city dwellers. It won a César Award for Best Writing and was nominated for Best Cinematography Editing and Production Design.
 Shining Night: A Portrait of Composer Morten Lauridsen is the documentary film about the American choral composer Morten Lauridsen (b. February 27 1943) National Medal of Arts recipient (2007) and most-performed living American choral composer.
 Batch '81 is a 1982 Philippine film by director Mike De Leon starring Mark Gil as Sid Lucero a college student who witnessed the abuse and torture of seven students by members of a college fraternity they joined in. The film faced trouble during the Marcos regime but was acclaimed by international critics.
 Siberian Lady Macbeth (Orig. Sibirska Ledi Magbet) also translated as Fury Is a Woman is a 1962 film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on the novella Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District by Nikolai Leskov.
 The Man from Hong Kong (known in the U.S.A. as The Dragon Flies) is a 1975 action film that marked the first Australian-Hong Kong co-production filmed in both nations. It was directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starred Shanghai-born Jimmy Wang-Yu and former 007 George Lazenby. The film was later restored by the Australian National Film and Sound Archive.
 Mail Order Bride is a 1964 western film starring Buddy Ebsen Keir Dullea and Lois Nettleton directed by Burt Kennedy. An old man who pressures the wild son of a dead friend into marrying a mail-order bride in an attempt to settle him down.
 Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood is the seventh installment in the original Friday the 13th series released in 1988. It also marked the first appearance of Kane Hodder in the role of Jason Voorhees a role which he repeated three more until the infamous Jason X. It follows Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives and precedes Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan.
 Cyber is a tentative title of upcoming action thriller film written directed and produced by Michael Mann. The film stars Chris Hemsworth Viola Davis Holt McCallany Tang Wei and Leehom Wang. It is set for release on January 16 2015.
 The Avenging Rider is a 1943 Western film.
 Good Night Paul was a 1918 silent film in five reels directed by Walter Edwards. It was based on a successful stage play with book and lyrics by Roland Oliver and Charles Dickson and music by Harry B. Olsen. Produced by Lewis J. Selznick's Select Pictures Corporation.It's a film farce that entails a wife willing to pose as a wife of her husband’s business partner as a scheme to hoodwink the business partner’s uncle out of money.
 Expedition: Bismarck is a 2002 documentary film produced for the Discovery Channel by Andrew Wight and James Cameron directed by James Cameron and Gary Johnstone and narrated by Lance Henriksen. The film follows an underwater expedition to the German battleship Bismarck and digitally reconstructs events that led up to the ship's sinking during World War II. In 2003 the film was honored with an Emmy award for Outstanding Sound Editing for Non-Fiction Programming.
 2 Young (Chinese: 早熟) is a 2005 Hong Kong romance film directed by Derek Yee. The film was released in Mainland China on 15 April 2005 and in Hong Kong on 28 April 2005. The literal translation of (早熟) is early maturity and the English title 2 Young is a pun on the words too young. The controversial topic of a pre-marital pregnancy of a minor is what the plot of 2 Young is framed around.
 La bella vita is a 1994 Italian comedy drama film. The film premiered at the 51st Venice International Film Festival. It is the debut film of Paolo Virzì who won the David di Donatello for Best New Director and the Nastro d'Argento in the same category.
 Angel John is a 2009 Malayalam drama thriller film directed by Jayasurya and starring Mohanlal and Shanthnoo Bhagyaraj who is making his debut in Malayalam. The cast also includes Vijayaraghavan Lalu Alex Jagathy Sreekumar Salim Kumar Ambika and Nithya Menon. Plot of the film has got great resemblance to the Jim Carrey film Bruce Almighty (2003).
 Deewane Huye Paagal (English: Lovers Gone Mad) is a 2005 Bollywood romance action comedy film directed by Vikram Bhatt and produced by Firoz A. Nadiadwala. The film features Akshay Kumar Shahid Kapoor Rimi Sen Sunil Shetty Paresh Rawal along with many others. Aftab Shivdasani and Vivek Oberoi make guest appearances.The film was released on 25 November 2005. It turned out to be a box office flop. Its plot was lifted from the 1998 American comedy film There's Something About Mary.
 37 ohne Zwiebeln is a German short film directed by André Erkau. It was released in 2006.
 Top Dog is a 1995 comedy action film directed by Aaron Norris and starring Chuck Norris. Written by Aaron Norris and Tim Grayem it was Norris' last movie to release theatrically before he shifted to direct-to-video films for several years.In the film Norris' character Jake Wilder is partnered with Reno a police dog whose handler was killed. Jake and Reno investigate a plot by domestic terrorists to attack a conference on unity.
 Nandhi is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language action-masala film directed by Thamizhvannan and produced by Dinesh Karthik. It stars Akhil and Sanusha in the lead roles. The film was released on 11 February 2011.
 The Sound of a Dirt Road is a 2008 Christian film directed by Graham D. Alexander. In less than a year Alexander wrote directed and filmed the movie East Texas for less than $900. The Sound of a Dirt Road was featured at the San Antonio Independent Christian Film Festival. It was chosen as one of eight finalists in the feature film category out of 50 submissions.
 The Weather Man is a 2005 American comedy-drama film directed by Gore Verbinski. Written by Steve Conrad it stars Nicolas Cage Michael Caine and Hope Davis and tells the story of a weatherman in the midst of a mid-life crisis.Released on October 28 2005 the film had a total gross of just over $19 million worldwide. It received mixed reviews from critics.
 Almost You is a 1985 film directed by Adam Brooks. It stars Brooke Adams and Griffin Dunne. It won the Special Jury Prize at the 1985 Sundance Film Festival.
 How to Marry a Millionaire is a 1953 American romantic comedy directed by Jean Negulesco and produced and written by Nunnally Johnson. The film stars Marilyn Monroe Betty Grable and Lauren Bacall as three gold diggers along with William Powell David Wayne and Rory Calhoun and Cameron Mitchell. The screenplay was based on the plays The Greeks Had a Word for It by Zoë Akins and Loco by Dale Eunson and Katherine Albert.
 Paris Is Always Paris (Italian: Parigi è sempre Parigi French: Paris est toujours Paris) is a 1951 Italian-French comedy film directed by Luciano Emmer.
 The Drop Kick (also known as Glitter in the UK) is a 1927 silent film directed by Millard Webb written by Katherine Brush about a college football player (Richard Barthelmess) who finds his reputation on the line when he pays an innocent visit to a woman whose husband kills himself. It was one of the early films of John Wayne who was only aged 20 in the film. He too played a college footballer.
 Namibia: The Struggle for Liberation is a 2007 epic film on the Namibian independence struggle against South African occupation as seen through the life of Sam Nujoma the leader of the South-West Africa People's Organisation and the first president of the Republic of Namibia. The film is written and directed by Charles Burnett the African American filmmaker and stars Carl Lumbly and Danny Glover. The production was financed by the government of Namibia.
 1971 is a 2014 American documentary film about the break-in of an FBI office in Media Pennsylvania in 1971. Produced by Big Mouth Productions the film is scheduled to have its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18 2014.
 Mr. Bones is a 2001 slapstick comedy film made and set in South Africa. Leon Schuster well-known figure in the South African film industry starred in the title role. He also created the story and co-wrote the screenplay.
 The Loved Ones is a 2009 Australian comedy-horror film written and directed by Sean Byrne and starring Xavier Samuel and Robin McLeavy.
 Brute Force is a 1947 film noir starring Burt Lancaster Hume Cronyn and Charles Bickford. It was directed by Jules Dassin with a screenplay by Richard Brooks and the cinematography by William H. Daniels.The film was among several films noir made by Dassin during the postwar period. The others were Thieves' Highway Night and the City and The Naked City.
 The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant is a 1971 science fiction/horror film directed by Anthony Lanza. It is the earlier companion to the 1972 blaxploitation film The Thing with Two Heads. The film is in the public domain.
 Crossroads is a 2002 comedy-drama road film set in Louisiana. Directed by Tamra Davis and written by Shonda Rhimes the film stars Britney Spears Anson Mount Zoe Saldana Taryn Manning Kim Cattrall and Dan Aykroyd. The film was produced by MTV Films and released on February 15 2002 in North America by Paramount Pictures.
 The Glass Cage (French: La cage de verre) is a 1965 Israeli-French drama film directed by Philippe Arthuys and Jean-Louis Levi-Alvarès. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 38th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It was also entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Festival of Lights is a 2010 film directed and written by Shundell Prasad. It stars Melinda Shankar as the rebellious and mouthy Reshma Jimi Mistry as Reshma's birth father and Aidan Quinn as Reshma's stepfather. The film deals with Reshma's struggles to find her father whom she was separated from when she and her mother played by Ritu Singh Pande migrate from Guyana to New York.
 House is a 2008 horror film directed by Robby Henson starring Reynaldo Rosales Heidi Dippold and Michael Madsen. It is based on the novel of the same name by Frank E. Peretti and Ted Dekker. It covers the events that take place one night in an old rustic inn in Alabama where four guests and three owners find themselves locked in by a homicidical maniac. The maniac claims to have killed God and threatens to murder all seven of them unless they produce the dead body of one of them by dawn.
 Love Aaj Kal (English translation: Love Nowadays) is a 2009 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles with Rahul Khanna Rishi Kapoor and Giselli Monteiro in supporting roles. The film is directed by Imtiaz Ali and produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan. The film portrays the feeling of pure love which never changes although the perspective of realising one's soulmate has changed over time.
 Johnny Angel is a 1945 film noir directed by Edwin L. Marin written by Frank Gruber and Steve Fisher from the novel Mr. Angel Comes Aboard by Charles Gordon Booth. The movie features George Raft Claire Trevor Signe Hasso and Hoagy Carmichael.
 True Love is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Nancy Savoca. An unflinching look at the realities of love and marriage which offers no happily ever after ending it won the Grand Jury Prize at the 1989 Sundance Film Festival.
 Toast (2010) a BBC One adaptation broadcast on 30 December 2010 and directed by S.J. Clarkson is based on the autobiographical novel of the same name by the cookery writer Nigel Slater. The cast includes Freddie Highmore Helena Bonham Carter Ken Stott and Oscar Kennedy.The film received a gala at the 2011 Berlin Film Festival. It was released in cinemas on 11 August 2011.
 Em Busca de Iara is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Flavio Frederico about the guerrilla Iara Iavelberg a woman who participated in the armed struggle against the dictatorship in Brazil. With the research of documents archive footage and interviews the documentary reconstructs the life of Iara and disassembles the official version which assigns her death to suicide.
 Men of Israel is a 2009 gay pornographic film released by Lucas Entertainment studio. Journalists from The Atlantic Out Magazine and Yediot Aharonot noted it as a landmark film as the first pornographic movie shot on location with an all-Israeli cast; while Tablet Magazine and the Los Angeles Times remarked on it being the first to feature an all-Jewish cast.
 The Big Game is a 1972 film directed by Robert Day. It stars Stephen Boyd and Max Bygraves.
 Slightly Single in L.A. is an American romantic comedy film written and directed by Christie Will and starring Lacey Chabert Kip Pardue Haylie Duff Carly Schroeder Jenna Dewan and Jonathan Bennett. The film was released in December 2012.
 Book of Love is a 2004 film written and directed by Alan Brown. It stars Frances O'Connor Simon Baker and Gregory Smith.
 Mango Kiss is a 2004 US comedy film written and directed by Sascha Rice. The movie is a love story between two lesbian friends Lou and Sassafras. It is based on the play Bermuda Triangles written by Sarah Brown. The story for the play was based on the playwright's experience living within the lesbian subculture found in San Francisco in the 1990s.
 No God No Master is a 2012 American independent crime suspense thriller directed written and produced by Terry Green and starring David Strathairn Ray Wise Sam Witwer Edoardo Ballerini and Alessandro Mario. No God No Master was filmed in Milwaukee Wisconsin USA.
 Full Confession is a 1939 is a US crime drama film made by RKO Radio Pictures. It was directed by John Farrow from an adaptation by Jerome Cady of Leo Birinski's story.The film stars Victor McLaglen Sally Eilers Barry Fitzgerald and Joseph Calleia. The film was made in Black and White.
 Nadodi raja is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by S.M.Ummar starring Rajiv and Aruna in lead roles. The film had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 1982.
 Der Weibsteufel is a 1966 Austrian drama film directed by Georg Tressler. It was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.
 What Remains of Us (original title: Ce qu'il reste de nous) is a 2004 Canadian documentary film exploring the survival of the nonviolent resistance movement in Tibet. The documentary was shot over eight years without the knowledge of the Chinese authorities.
 Attack of the Crab Monsters is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction film written by Charles B. Griffith and produced and directed by Roger Corman via Los Altos Productions on contract for distribution by Allied Artists Pictures Corporation. The plot follows a scientific expedition trapped on a remote island inhabited by atomically mutated giant crabs.
 Yakshi is a 1968 Malayalam psychological thriller film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and written by Thoppil Bhasi based on Malayattoor Ramakrishnan's much acclaimed novel of the same name. It stars Sathyan Sharada Adoor Bhasi N. Govindan Kutty Bahadoor Ushakumari Sukumari Rajakokila and Radhika. It is the first psychological thriller in the history of Malayalam cinema.The story is about a college lecturer Srinivasan (Sathyan) who is doing research on the Yakshis.
 Gangs of Chicago is a 1940 film starring Lloyd Nolan Barton MacLane Lola Lane Ray Middleton Astrid Allwyn and Horace McMahon. Alan Ladd has a small role.
 Bambi II is a 2006 Disney animated feature directed by Brian Pimental that initially premiered in theaters in Argentina on January 26 2006 before being released as a direct-to-video title in the United States on February 7 2006.
 Luke the Candy Cut-Up is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in George Eastman House.
 C'est la vie mon chéri (Chinese: 新不了情; pinyin: Xīn bùliǎo qíng) is a 1994 Hong Kong movie directed by Derek Yee Tung-Shing and starring Anita Yuen Lau Ching-Wan and Carina Lau. It won six awards including Best Picture during the 13th Hong Kong Film Awards.
 Where the Spies Are is a 1965 MGM British comedy adventure film directed by Val Guest and featuring David Niven as Dr Jason Love Françoise Dorléac John Le Mesurier Cyril Cusack and Richard Marner. It was based on the James Leasor book Passport to Oblivion. MGM intended to make a Jason Love series but the idea was shelved.
 Three in One is a 1957 Australian anthology film from director Cecil Holmes consisting of three separate stories A Load of Wood The City and Joe Wilson's Mates.
 A Crush on You is a 2011 Hallmark Channel original movie that tells the story of Charley Anderson a single mother and Ben Martin a man who began an e-mail relationship with her thinking she was another woman. It is a romantic comedy starring Brigid Brannagh Sean Patrick Flanery and Kim Rhodes. It was directed by Allison Anders. Alternatively known as 'Mystery Girl.
 Bombay to Goa is a 1972 adventure-comedy Hindi movie starring Amitabh Bachchan Shatrughan Sinha Aruna Irani and Mehmood. The movie is known particularly for its catchy tunes.The film is a remake of a 1966 hit Tamil film Madras to Pondicherry. It was a 'Semi-Hit' at the box office.Bombay to Goa was remade in 2007 with an ensemble cast of comedians.
 Slightly Dangerous is a 1943 American romantic comedy film starring Lana Turner and Robert Young. A bored young woman in a dead-end job runs away to New York City and ends up impersonating the long-lost daughter of a millionaire. The film was directed by Wesley Ruggles and written by Charles Lederer and George Oppenheimer from a story by Ian McLellan Hunter and Aileen Hamilton.
 Over Here is a 2-part television miniseries made in 1996 by the BBC chronicling the lives of US Army Air Corps B-17 Flying Fortress bomber crews on a Royal Air Force Spitfire base during World War II. Conflict arose when American soldiers must share their barracks.Samuel West starred as the RAF pilot Archie Bunting.Martin Clunes starred as Group Captain Barker; a man with an inability to say the word Luftwaffe.
 Abduction is a 1975 film directed by Joseph Zito.
 The Nun (Spanish: La Monja) is a 2005 Spanish horror film directed by Luis De La Madrid.
 Shéhérazade is a 1963 French adventure film directed by Pierre Gaspard-Huit and starring Anna Karina.
 A Knight of the Range is a 1916 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Burning Bridges is a 1928 American Western film featuring Harry Carey directed by James P. Hogan and released through Pathe Exchange.
 $ also known as Dollars and in the UK as The Heist is a 1971 American caper film starring Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The movie was written and directed by Richard Brooks and produced by M.J. Frankovich. The supporting cast includes Gert Fröbe Robert Webber and Scott Brady.
 Max Schmeling is a 2010 German biographical film directed by Uwe Boll. The film tells the story of German boxing icon Max Schmeling. It was released abroad under the title Max Schmeling Fist of the Reich.
 Achan (English: Father) is a 2011 Malayalam-language film directed by Ali Akbar and starring Thilakan. The film is based on a drama of the same name written by S. R. Raveendran who also scripted the film. The film's shooting began on July 28 2010 and was scheduled to release by October. Several issues regarding the casting of Thilakan an expelled member of the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists led the film to a delayed release on 14 January 2011.
 El Club del clan is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Dancing Lion is a 2007 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Francis Ng. It was co-directed by Marco Mak and co-stars Anthony Wong Teresa Mo Lam Chi-chung Lin Yuan and Hins Cheung.
 Sex & Mrs. X is a 2000 Lifetime television film. It was directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman and based on an article published by Amanda Vaill in Allure. It stars Jacqueline Bisset and Linda Hamilton and premiered on 10 April 2000.
 The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest is a 2002 film based on a novel by technology-culture writer Po Bronson. The film stars Adam Garcia.
 Frail Women is a 1932 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Mary Newcomb Owen Nares Frank Pettingell and Herbert Lomas. In the years after the First World War a Colonel marries his war-time mistress.
 François Truffaut: Stolen Portraits (French: François Truffaut: Portraits volés) is a 1993 French documentary film directed by Michel Pascal and Serge Toubiana about the film director François Truffaut. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 Mr. Gibb (released on DVD as The Good Student) is a 2006 American dark comedy drama film starring Tim Daly and Hayden Panettiere.
 Martin Lawrence Live: Runteldat is a 2002 stand-up comedy film starring Martin Lawrence and directed by David Raynr also responsible for Whatever It Takes. Lawrence also has producing and writing credits for the film.
 Military is a 2003 Indian Tamil film directed by G. Sai Suresh who earlier directed Kunguma Pottu Gounder. The film stars Sathyaraj and Rambha in lead roles. The film produced by S. Siddiq had musical score by Deva and was released on 28 February 2003. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Hitler.
 Hello Sister Goodbye Life is a 2006 ABC Family original Dramedy television film based on novelist Claire Scovell LaZebnik's book Same as It Never Was. Starring Lacey Chabert as Olivia Wendie Malick as Barbara Adam Kaufman as Joe (Olivia's boyfriend) and last but not least the co-lead to Sammi Hanratty as Celia.
 Svengali is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Paul Wegener Anita Dorris and André Mattoni. It is an adaptation of the novel Trilby by the British writer George Du Maurier about an artist's model who falls under the spell of a mysticist who turns her into a leading opera singer.
 Ice Age is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Carlos Saldanha and Chris Wedge from a story by Michael J. Wilson.
 Sabotage (previously known as Ten and Breacher) is a 2014 American action thriller/crime drama film directed by David Ayer written by Skip Woods and Ayer and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 Paradise is a 1982 English language Canadian-produced romance and adventure film starring Phoebe Cates and Willie Aames written and directed by Stuart Gillard. The original music score was composed by Paul Hoffert with the theme song written and produced by Joel Diamond and L. Russell Brown and sung by Phoebe Cates.It was critiqued at the time as a knockoff of the more-famous The Blue Lagoon (1980).
 Retrato de Familia (English: Family Portrait) is a 1976 Spanish film directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico. It stars Antonio Ferrandis Amparo Soler Leal and Miguel Bosé making his film debut. This is Giménez-Rico ’s best known film. The script was written by him based on the novel Mi idolatrado hijo Sisi (My Beloved Son Sisi) by Miguel Delibes. The film was shot in Burgos the director’s birthplace although the novel takes place in Cáceres.
 Masterji is an Indian Hindi film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao released on 30 August 1985. The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the title role as Masterji and Sridevi as his heroine as the main lead characters of the film. This film was of different genre - Comedy than the other films of the pair. This film was remake of 1984 Tamil film Mundhanai Mudichu directed by K. Bhagyaraj where Bhagyaraj also played the lead male role. After the Tamil version K.
 Wonder Woman is a 1974 television film loosely based on the DC Comics character of the same name directed by Vincent McEveety and starring Cathy Lee Crosby. The film was a pilot for an intended television series being considered by ABC. Ratings were described as respectable but not exactly wondrous and ABC did not pick up the pilot. Instead Warner Brothers and ABC developed a very different Wonder Woman television concept which premiered as a TV movie in 1975 and starred Lynda Carter.
 Peter-No-Tail (Swedish: Pelle Svanslös) is a 1997 Swedish animated feature film directed by after an original script by Jan Gissberg using Funck's already well-established characters. It follows production features voice acting by others than only Funck himself only with the exception of children that had participated in other productions as well.
 National Lampoon's Van Wilder: Freshman Year is the third film in the Van Wilder series following Van Wilder and Van Wilder: The Rise of Taj. Freshman Year is a prequel to the first film. It was released straight-to-DVD in 2009. The film was directed by Harvey Glazer and stars Jonathan Bennett Kristin Cavallari Jerry Shea and Steve Talley.
 Mooching Through Georgia is the second short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures. Keaton made a total of ten films for the studio between 1939 and 1941.
 The Amazing Grace is a 2006 Nigerian-British historical drama film written by Jeta Amata & Nick Moran directed by Jeta Amata and produced by Jeta Amata & Alicia Arce. The film features a variety of Nigerian and British actresses and actors some of which include Joke Silva Nick Moran Scott Cleverdon Mbong Odungide Fred Amata and Zack Amata. The film received 11 nominations and won the award for Best Cinematography at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2007.
 A Special Day (Italian: Una giornata particolare) is a 1977 Italian film directed by Ettore Scola and starring Sophia Loren Marcello Mastroianni and John Vernon. Set in Rome in 1938 its narrative follows a woman and her neighbor who stay home the day Adolf Hitler visits Benito Mussolini.The film is an Italian-Canadian co-production.
 Jhummandi Naadam is a 2010 Telugu film produced by Lakshmi Manchu and directed by veteran K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Manoj Manchu and Taapsee Pannu in the lead roles and Mohan Babu in a supporting role. The film has music scored by M.M. Keeravani. The film was released on July 1 2010.
 The Cloud (German: Die Wolke) is a 2006 German drama film based on a novel by Gudrun Pausewang.
 The Making of the Mahatma (1996) is joint Indian - South African produced film directed by Shyam Benegal about the early life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (also known as Mahatma Gandhi Great Soul) during his 21 years in South Africa. The film is based upon the book The Apprenticeship of a Mahatma by Fatima Meer (who also wrote the screenplay).
 Tyagayya (Telugu: త్యాగయ్య) is a 1946 film considered as masterpiece produced and directed by Chittor V. Nagaiah It is a soul stirring film about the truly extraordinary life of Saint Thyagaraja.The movie achieves the magic by having Nagayya sing for himself the 28 selected songs composed by Tyagaraja. The movie is a solid proof for the importance of screenplay and acting in a movie.
 How to Make an American Quilt is a 1995 movie which was directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse and stars Winona Ryder Maya Angelou Ellen Burstyn and Anne Bancroft. It is based on a novel of the same name by Whitney Otto. In 1996 the film received a nomination for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture.
 Christ Stopped at Eboli (Italian: Cristo si è fermato a Eboli) is a 1979 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Carlo Levi. It was directed by Francesco Rosi and stars Gian Maria Volonté as Carlo Levi with Paolo Bonacelli Alain Cuny Léa Massari and Irene Papas.The film won the Golden Prize at the 11th Moscow International Film Festival and was shown out of competition at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival. The film received the first BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1982.
 Memories of Murder (also known as Passing through Veils) is a 1990 action–crime television film starring Nancy Allen directed by Robert Lewis and written by John Harrison.Memories of Murder is the first of many original films that would be produced for the Lifetime Television Network and due to its popularity would subsequently be released on VHS and DVD on July 31 1990. Musical personality Vanity co-stars. The film was shot in British Columbia.
 This article is about the 1949 movie musical. For the title song see It's a Great Feeling (song).It's a Great Feeling is a 1949 American musical comedy film starring Doris Day Jack Carson and Dennis Morgan in a spoof of what goes on behind the scenes in Hollywood movie making. The screenplay by Jack Rose and Mel Shavelson was based upon a story by I.A.L. Diamond. The film was directed by David Butler produced by Alex Gottlieb and distributed by Warner Bros..
 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Swedish: Män som hatar kvinnor – literally – Men who hate women) is a 2009 Swedish drama thriller based on the novel of the same name by Swedish author/journalist Stieg Larsson. It is the first book in the trilogy known as the Millennium series published in Sweden in 2005. The director is Niels Arden Oplev.
 Alfie Darling is a 1975 British comedy drama film directed by Ken Hughes. It is the sequel to the 1966 film Alfie. This time Alan Price takes over Michael Caine's role of Alfie.
 JoeWilson is a 1988 mini series about Joe Wilson based on the stories by Henry Lawson. Jack Thompson began as director but left after two weeks.
 Night Screams is a Horror/Independent Film/Slasher/Mystery/Splatter.
 Abashiri Prison (網走番外地 Abashiri Bangaichi) aka A Man from Abashiri Prison is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Teruo Ishii and starring Ken Takakura. It is the first entry in the Abashiri Bangaichi / Abashiri Prison series. Highly successful it was the first hit in the yakuza film genre. It made a star of Takakura and Ishii directed ten more films in the series.
 L.A. Tool & Die is a 1979 American pornographic film directed by Tim Kincaid better known as Joe Gage. It is the concluding film in what has come to be known as Gage's Working Man Trilogy the first two being 1976's Kansas City Trucking Co. and 1978's El Paso Wrecking Corp. (1978). It stars Richard Locke and features Will Seagers and Paul Barresi in a heterosexual scene with Becky Savage.
 Lambada is a 1990 dramatic movie starring J. Eddie Peck Melora Hardin Adolfo Shabba-doo Quinones Ricky Paull Goldin Dennis Burkley and Keene Curtis. Lambada was written and directed by Joel Silberg and choreographed by Shabba-Doo.The film was released simultaneously with rival film The Forbidden Dance; neither was well received though Lambada was called the better of the two.
 The Night of Nights is a 1939 black-and-white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O'Brien Olympe Bradna and Roland Young.
 The Menace is a 1932 American drama film directed by Roy William Neill. The screenplay by Roy Chanslor Dorothy Howell and Charles Logue is based on the 1927 novel The Feathered Serpent by Edgar Wallace.
 The Lost Weekend is a 1945 American drama film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Ray Milland and Jane Wyman. The film was based on Charles R. Jackson's 1944 novel of the same title about an alcoholic writer. The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four: Best Picture Best Director Best Actor and Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay).In 2011 The Lost Weekend was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
 Suor Letizia (internationally released as The Awakening and When Angels Don't Fly) is a 1956 Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Camerini. For this film Anna Magnani was awarded with her fifth Silver Ribbon for best actress.
 Enga Ooru Pattukaran (English: Singer of our town) is a 1987 Tamil drama film directed by Gangai Amaran. The film features Ramarajan Rekha and Shantipriya in lead roles. The film produced by Kalyani Murugan had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 14 April 1987. The film was huge hit.
 Move On is a 1903 American film directed by Alfred C. Abadie. The film was preserved by the Library of Congress.
 Kushboo (English: Aroma) is a 2008 Hindi romantic movie directed by Rajesh Ram Singh. The lead actors Rishi Rehan and Avantikka both made their Bollywood debuts with this film. The film was released in theaters on 20 June 2008. It is similar in theme as Fools Rush In a 1997 romantic comedy directed by Andy Tennant and starring Matthew Perry and Salma Hayek.
 Django is a 1966 Italian Western film directed by Sergio Corbucci and starring Franco Nero in the eponymous role.The film earned a reputation as being one of the most violent films ever made up to that point and was subsequently refused a certificate in Britain until 1993 when it was eventually issued an 18 certificate.
 Justin Bieber: Never Say Never is a 2011 3-D concert film centering on singer Justin Bieber. It was released in the United States and Canada on February 11 2011. A sequel to Never Say Never was released on December 25 2013 entitled Justin Bieber's Believe.
 Shooting Robert King is a 2009 documentary film directed by Richard Parry. It documents photojournalist Robert King over 15 years and through 3 different war zones. The films splices footage from his time working in war zones with footage of him home with his family in Tennessee.
 Beat the Drum written and produced by W. David McBrayer and directed by David Hickson is an award-winning South African film starring Clive Scott and Owen Sejake.Premiering at the 2003 Mill Valley Film Festival Beat The Drum won 30 international film festival awards including the prestigious Montreal Zenith D'Or and the Monaco International Film Festival Angel Award the festival's top honor.
 World Without Sun (French: Le Monde sans soleil) is a 1964 French documentary film directed by Jacques-Yves Cousteau. The film was Cousteau's second to win an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature following The Silent World in 1956.
 Los que verán a Dios is a 1963 Argentine film.
 American Pastime is a 2007 film set in the Topaz War Relocation Center a Utah prison camp which held thousands of people during the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.While the film is a dramatic narrative it is based on true events and depicts life inside the internment camps where baseball was one of the major diversions from the reality of the internees' lives. Location scenes were filmed in bleak desolate land not far from the site of the actual internment camp.
 Seesa is an upcoming 2013 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Mohamad Issack starring Sivaji Chesvaa and Namratha in lead roles.
 Slaughter of the Innocents is a 1993 thriller starring Scott Glenn & Jesse Cameron-Glickenhaus with supporting roles from Kevin Sorbo & Armin Shimerman plus a cameo from (before he was famous) Aaron Eckhart set in the Arches National Park of Moab Utah and Cleveland Ohio USA.
 Chor Aur Chaand is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Pavan Kaul and produced by Aditya Pancholi. It stars Aditya Pancholi and Pooja Bhatt in pivotal roles.
 Amore bugie e calcetto (also known as Love Soccer and Other Catastrophes and Love Lies & Calcetto) is a 2008 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Lucini.
 Muskaan is a 2004 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rohit- Manish. It stars Aftab Shivdasani and Gracy Singh in pivotal roles.
 Al Halfout is a 1985 film and satire written by Wahid Hamids and directed by Samir Seif and Mustafa Gamaleddin. The cast includes Adel Imam Ilham Chahine Saeed Saleh and Salah Kabil. Filming of Al Halfout occurred mainly in Egypt. The film takes a satirical look at Egypt's government and its attitude to the poor.
 The Countess of Monte Cristo is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Sonja Henie Olga San Juan and Dorothy Hart.
 Saknoiya is an Assamese language film directed by Soilya Boruah. The film was released in 1959. It is one of those films made in the tender age of Assamese cinema.
 Any Way the Wind Blows is a film by dEUS' singer-songwriter-director Tom Barman.
 Michael & Me is an independent self-financed 2005 American documentary film created by Los Angeles-based radio and television talk show host Larry Elder. The direct-to-DVD documentary attempts to disprove statements made by filmmaker Michael Moore in his 2002 documentary film Bowling for Columbine about the relationship between American culture gun ownership and increased violence. The documentary mirrors Moore's landmark 1989 documentary Roger & Me in tone and interview style.
 A Man Called Sarge is a 1990 American parody film written and directed by Stuart Gillard starring Gary Kroeger Marc Singer Gretchen German and introducing a young Natasha Lyonne.
 Solino is a 2002 Italian-German movie directed by Fatih Akın and starring Moritz Bleibtreu Barnaby Metschurat Gigi Savoia and Antonella Attili.
 Chitralekha is a 1941 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kidar Sharma and was based on 1934 Hindi novel by the same name by Bhagwati Charan Verma. Music of film was given by noted classical musician Ustad Jhande Khan giving popular songs like Sun sun Neelkamal Muskaye Saiyyan Saware Bhaye Baware and Tum Jao Bde Bhagwan Bane Insaan BanoIt was the second grossing Indian film of 1941.
 The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom is a 1968 British comedy film directed by Joseph McGrath. The screenplay by Alec Coppel and Denis Norden was adapted from a play by Coppel that was based on a short story by Josef Shaftel who served as the film's producer.
 The Exile (Hungarian: A tolonc) is a 1914 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Planet is a Swedish documentary film on environmental issues released in 2006. The film was made by Michael Stenberg Johan Söderberg and Linus Torell for the big screen and was shot in the English language to reach an international audience. It includes interviews with 29 environmental scientists and experts including Dr.
 The Scarlet Flower (Russian: Аленький цветочек Alenkiy tsvetochek) is a 1952 Soviet animated film directed Lev Atamanov. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow and is based on the story of the same name by Sergei Aksakov. The story is basically a variation of the tale Beauty and the Beast.The film is an example of the Socialist Realism period in Russian animation which was characterized by heavy use of rotoscoping and a focus on adapting traditional Russian folk tales.
 AvH: Alien vs. Hunter is a 2007 direct-to-video science fiction horror film by The Asylum starring William Katt and Dedee Pfeiffer.Much like The Asylum's other films AvH is a mockbuster or a low-budget film made to capitalize on the popularity of a more widely released film using a derivative of the plot and title of the latter; in this case AvH is a mockbuster to Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem. It was released straight to DVD on December 18 2007 one week before Aliens vs.
 The Unsinkable Molly Brown is a 1964 American musical film directed by Charles Walters. The screenplay by Helen Deutsch is based on the book of the 1960 musical The Unsinkable Molly Brown by Richard Morris. The song score was composed by Meredith Willson. The plot is a fictionalized account of the life of Margaret Brown who survived the 1912 sinking of the RMS Titanic.
 Cyrano de Bergerac is a 1950 black-and-white feature film based on the 1897 French Alexandrine verse drama Cyrano de Bergerac by Edmond Rostand. It uses poet Brian Hooker's 1923 English blank verse translation as the basis for its screenplay. The film was the first motion picture version in English of Rostand's play though there were several earlier adaptations in different languages.The 1950 film was produced by Stanley Kramer and directed by Michael Gordon.
 Love Business is a 1931 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 104th (16th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 Waterfront is a 1928 silent film released with sound effects and music. It was produced and released by First National Pictures. It was directed by William A. Seiter and starred Dorothy Mackaill and Jack Mulhall then a popular duo under the First National banner.The new Library of Congress database has a print surviving complete at Cineteca Italiana in Milan.
 Those Lips Those Eyes is a 1980 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Pressman starring Frank Langella Glynnis O'Connor and Tom Hulce.
 The People vs. Paul Crump is a 1962 documentary about the prisoner Paul Crump who was on death row for robbery and murder.The film was made for Chicago television and was highly praised and crucial to the career of its director William Friedkin helping him get an agent and jobs making documentaries for David Wolper and then an episode of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour.
 A Girl Named Tamiko is a 1962 drama film directed by John Sturges.
 Deep Gold is a 2011 action film directed by Michael Gleissner and produced by Bigfoot Entertainment.Filmed in and around the islands of Cebu and Palawan in the Philippines it stars Bebe Pham Jaymee Ong and Laury Prudent.
 Cover Up is a 1991 film directed by Manny Coto starring Dolph Lundgren and Louis Gossett Jr.. Coto was hired at the latest stage of pre-production right before filming after writer / director William Tannen left the project.
 Jolly Boy is an Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy which stars Diganth and Rekha Vedavyas in the lead roles along with Devaraj Tara and Sudha Rani. A remake of the director's 2011 Tamil film Pathinaaru it is produced by K. Manju and features the music by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Shor in the City is a 2011 Hindi film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. starring Tusshar Kapoor Sendhil Ramamurthy Preeti Desai Girija Oak Radhika Apte Nikhil Dwivedi Pitobash Tripathy Sundeep Kishan and Amit Mistry. The background score of the film was composed by Roshan Machado. The first look of the film was unveiled on 21 March 2011 while the film was released in India on 28 April 2011.
 Don't Look Back (どこまでもいこう Dokomademo ikō Let's Go Wherever) is a 1999 Japanese coming-of-age film directed by Akihiko Shiota that revolves around a series of incidents that tests the friendship of two ten-year-old best friends.
 The Miracle Baby is a 1923 Western film featuring Harry Carey.
 Charlie Chan at the Opera is considered by many to be the best Warner Oland Charlie Chan film probably due to the co-acting of Boris Karloff. This is the 13th film starring Oland as Chan and produced by Fox in 1936.
 The Purple Plain is a 1954 British war film directed by Robert Parrish with Gregory Peck playing a Canadian pilot serving in the Royal Air Force in Burma in the closing months of the World War II who is battling with depression after having lost his wife. It was nominated for two BAFTA awards.
 Taken from Me: The Tiffany Rubin Story is a 2011 original LMN movie starring Taraji P. Henson and Terry O'Quinn. The film follows the events surrounding the kidnapping and rescue of the son of Tiffany Rubin who was kidnapped by his father and taken to South Korea.
 Rose Kennedy: A Life To Remember is a short documentary directed by Terry Sanders and produced by Sanders with Freida Lee Mock. It was nominated for a Documentary Short Subject Academy Award in 1991.
 Land of Look Behind is a 1982 documentary film about Jamaica. It was filmed in May and June of 1981 by Alan Greenberg and was the director's first film. The film's cinematographer was Jörg Schmidt-Reitwein an associate of Werner Herzog. The musical score is by K. (Kerry) Leimer. The film begins with footage of Jamaica's wild interior region called the Cockpit Country. It also features footage of the funeral of reggae musician Bob Marley.
 Impact is a 1963 British crime thriller directed by Peter Maxwell and starring Conrad Phillips.
 Freakin' Beautiful World (Finnish: Sairaan kaunis maailma) is a 1997 Finnish drama film written and directed by Jarmo Lampela. The film is about two teenage boys from Helsinki who owe money to a local drug dealer. In order to pay their debt they have to travel to Stockholm to collect drugs for the drug dealer.The film won Jussi Awards for Best Film Best Cinematography and Best Editing.
 Arctic Tale is a 2007 documentary film from the National Geographic Society about the life cycle of a walrus and her calf and a polar bear and her cubs in a similar vein to the 2005 hit production March of the Penguins also from National Geographic. It was directed by Adam Ravetch and Sarah Robertson and is narrated by Queen Latifah.
 Kapò (Italian pronunciation: [kaˈpɔ]) is a 1960 Italian film about the Holocaust directed by Gillo Pontecorvo. It was nominated for the Academy Award as Best Foreign Language Film. It was an Italian-French co-production filmed in Yugoslavia.
 Lady Windermere's Fan is a 1925 American silent film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. It is based on Oscar Wilde's 1893 play Lady Windermere's Fan which was first played in America that year by Julia Arthur as Lady Windermere and Maurice Barrymore as Lord Darlington.
 Mandrake the Magician (1939) was the seventh serial released by Columbia Pictures.
 Solo is a 1996 science fiction action film from Columbia/Tristar Studios. It was directed by Norberto Barba who has since primarily produced television series. The film was based on the novel Weapon by Robert Mason and was adapted into a screenplay by David L. Corley. The cast included Mario Van Peebles Barry Corbin and William Sadler.[citation needed]The film ran for 94 minutes and received an MPAA rating of PG-13 for combat violence and language.
 My Name Is Khan which is commonly referred to as MNIK is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Karan Johar written by Shibani Bathija and starring Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in the lead roles. Produced by Hiroo Johar Gauri Khan and Shahrukh Khan the film was jointly produced by Dharma Productions and Red Chillies Entertainment at a budget of 38 crore (US$6.3 million).
 Sorga Palsoe ([ˈsɔrɡa ˈpalsu]; Indonesian for False Heaven) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) which was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock for Java Industrial Film. The tragedy starring Lo Tjin Nio Tong Hui Lim Pun Tjiaw and Rohana was a commercial failure. It is likely lost.
 Casa d'appuntamento (Translation: The House of Rendezvous) is a 1972 giallo film directed by Ferdinando Merighi under the pseudonym F. L. Morris. It was released as The French Sex Murders in the United States.
 Super Troopers is a 2001 comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar written by and starring the Broken Lizard comedy group (Jay Chandrasekhar Kevin Heffernan Steve Lemme Paul Soter and Erik Stolhanske). Marisa Coughlan Daniel von Bargen and Brian Cox co-star while Lynda Carter has a cameo appearance. In total Fox Searchlight paid $3.25 million for distribution rights of the film and grossed $23.1 million at the box office.
 180 Degrees South: Conquerors of the Useless or simply 180° South is a 2010 documentary directed by Chris Malloy that covers the journey of Jeff Johnson as he travels from Ventura California to Patagonia Chile retracing the 1968 trip that Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins took in their Ford E-Series Econoline Van.
 Unholy is an independent film about Nazi mysticism starring Adrienne Barbeau and Nicholas Brendon. It was written by Samuel Stephen Freeman directed by Daryl Goldberg and produced by Sky Whisper Productions. Its release on DVD was on September 4 2007. The movie is alleged to be based on fact and was produced to document the facts surrounding the experiments in mysticism.
 Zuster Theresia (English: Sister Theresia) is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) directed by M. H. Schilling with the help of the Wong brothers. The film starring Henk Maschhaup Daisy Diephuis and Alle Heymann follows a young man and his relationship with two women. A commercial failure the film was the last made by Schilling and led the Wongs to take a two-year hiatus.
 My Sister and I is a 1948 British drama film directed by Harold Huth and starring Sally Ann Howes Dermot Walsh and Martita Hunt. A young woman who acts in a small theatre comes under suspicion of murder when the elderly lady she lodges with dies and leaves her all her money. It is based on the novel High Pavement by Emery Bonett.
 Batman: Death Wish is a 2012 fan film directed by Matthew Hiscox based on the Batman franchise. Unlike other Batman fan films that use the more mature contemporary settings of later comic books this fan film is styled after the Joel Schumacher films Batman Forever and Batman & Robin as well as Batman: The Animated Series The New Batman Adventures and the No Man's Land comics storyline.
 Marion's Triumph is a 2003 documentary that tells the story of Marion Blumenthal Lazan a child Holocaust survivor who recounts her painful childhood memories in order to preserve history. The film combines rare historic footage animated flashbacks and family photographs to illustrate the horrors she experienced. It is narrated by Debra Messing.
 The Lyre of Mesopotamia is a video art made by Sam Chegini about the reconstruction steps of the Lyres of Ur. The Lyre of Mesopotamia was unveiled in December 2009 during an international congress held by UN-Habitat and IAARA in Qazvin Iran among other ancient instruments.
 Unnecessary Fuss is a film produced by Ingrid Newkirk and Alex Pacheco of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) showing footage shot inside the University of Pennsylvania's Head Injury Clinic in Philadelphia.The footage was shot in 1983–1984 by the researchers themselves as they inflicted brain damage on baboons with a hydraulic device. The experiments were conducted as part of a research project into head injuries caused by vehicle and sports accidents.
 Can of Worms is a Halloween Disney Channel Original Movie. It was released in 1999 and is based on the novel of the same name by Kathy Mackel which was a Young Reader's Choice Nominee in 2002 and a nominee for the 2001 Rhode Island Children's Book Award. The film was shot in Vancouver British Columbia.
 Justin and the Knights of Valour is a 2013 Spanish 3D animated adventure fantasy film co-written (with Matthew Jacobs) and directed by Manuel Sicilia. The film features voice acting from Freddie Highmore Antonio Banderas James Cosmo Charles Dance Tamsin Egerton Rupert Everett Barry Humphries Alfred Molina Mark Strong David Walliams Julie Walters Olivia Williams and Saoirse Ronan.
 Over the River…Life of Lydia Maria Child Abolitionist for Freedom (theatrically released in 2008) is a documentary film and book about the life of Lydia Maria Child. The film was produced by Permanent Productions Inc. written and directed by Constance L. Jackson narrated by Diahann Carroll and features James Moses Black Michele S. Patterson Greta Muxworthy Beth Lockhart and Jacob Conrad.
 At the Edge of Things is a 1915 American silent short drama film starring Jack Richardson Louise Lester Vivian Rich Harry von Meter and David Lythgoe.
 The Lost Moment is a 1947 American psychological thriller film with elements of horror directed by Martin Gabel and starring Robert Cummings Susan Hayward and Agnes Moorehead.
 Down on Us is a low budget 1984 movie about the United States government's plot to assassinate 1960's rock stars Jim Morrison Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix using an elite force of killers. It is sometimes known as Beyond the Doors. The movie does not use any of the original songs of the artists portrayed due to high royalty fees. Instead they used songs written to sound like the originals.
 Strangers When We Meet is a 1960 drama film about two married neighbors who have an affair. The movie was adapted by Evan Hunter from his novel of the same name and directed by Richard Quine. The film stars Kirk Douglas Kim Novak Ernie Kovacs Barbara Rush and Walter Matthau. It was filmed in Los Angeles with scenes shot in Beverly Hills Brentwood Santa Monica and Malibu.
 I Love You Phillip Morris is a 2009 American-French romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1980s and '90s real-life story of con artist impostor and multiple prison escapee Steven Jay Russell as played by Jim Carrey. While incarcerated Russell falls in love with his fellow inmate Phillip Morris (Ewan McGregor). After Morris is released from prison Russell escapes from prison four times in order to be reunited with Morris.
 Fight of the Tertia (German:Der Kampf der Tertia) is a 1952 West German family film directed by Erik Ode and starring Brigitte Rau Wolfgang Jansen and Horst Köppen. It is based on the 1928 novel of the same title by Wilhelm Speyer which was previously adapted into a 1929 silent film. Youth gangs clash in a small town on the Baltic Sea.
 Ouf is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Yann Coridian. It stars Éric Elmosnino Sophie Quinton and Valeria Golino.
 Sabre Jet is a 1953 Korean War war film shot in Cinecolor and released by United Artists. It stars Robert Stack and was directed by Louis King. It was based on a story by the producer Carl Kruger with the screenplay written by the husband and wife playwright and screenwriting team of Dale Eunson and Katherine Albert. The film was mostly shot at Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas and featured extensive use of actual combat film footage.
 Baat Ek Raat Ki (English: A Tale of One Night) is a 1962 Hindi film directed by Shankar Mukherjee starring Dev Anand Waheeda Rehman and Johnny Walker.The film has music by Sachin Dev Burman who gave some memorable songs in the films like Na Tum Hamen Jano sung by Hemant Kumar Akela Hoon Main Is Duniya Mein by Mohammad Rafi and the hit qawwali Arey Kisne Chilman Mara by Manna Dey.
 Ammaa Ki Boli is a comical genre movie directed by Narayan Chauhan and produced by Mukesh Chaudhary under the banner of Street Act Production.
 The Final Cut is a 1995 American action/drama/thriller feature film directed by Roger Christian for Cine Cut Films with a screenplay by Raul Englis based on a story by Crash Leyland.
 Partha is a 2003 Kannada romance-action-drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao featuring Sudeep and Hardeep in the lead roles. The film released on 28 November 2003.
 Rayara Sose (Kannada: ರಾಯರ ಸೊಸೆ) is a 1957 Indian Kannada film produced by Pandari Bai and directed by R. Ramamurthy and K. S. Murthy. It stars Rajkumar Kalyan Kumar and Pandari Bai in lead roles. The music of the film was composed by R. Diwakara.
 Bless the Child is a 2000 American horror-thriller film directed by Chuck Russell starring Kim Basinger Jimmy Smits Angela Bettis Rufus Sewell Christina Ricci and Holliston Coleman. It is based on the novel of the same name by Cathy Cash Spellman.
 Jessabelle is an upcoming American horror thriller film directed by Kevin Greutert and written by Ben Garant. The film stars Sarah Snook Mark Webber Joelle Carter David Andrews Amber Stevens and Ana de la Reguera. The film was temporarily known as Ghosts. The film is scheduled to be released on August 29 2014.
 Beer for My Horses is a 2008 American comedy film. The film stars country music entertainer Toby Keith and is based on his song by the same name. The film was co-written by Keith and Rodney Carrington (who also stars in the film) and directed by Michael Salomon who has also directed numerous music videos for Keith.The film was shot in and around Las Vegas New Mexico United States and was released on August 8 2008. It made about $650000.
 Something Like Happiness (Czech title: Štěstí ) is a 2005 Czech movie directed by Bohdan Sláma. It is about finding hope in the midst of disappointment by three young people who grew up in the same run-down block of flats and are now coming of age. The film won the Golden Seashell at the San Sebastian Film Festival.
 Those Were the Days! is a 1940 film.
 Aakhri Adaalat is a 1988 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rajiv Mehra. It stars Vinod Khanna Dimple Kapadia Jackie Shroff and Sonam in pivotal roles.
 Magnificent Team is a 1998 Hong Kong comedy film directed by David Lam and starring Francis Ng Christine Ng Amanda Lee Simon Lui Benz Hui Karen Tong and the-then newcomer Herman Chan in his only film role.
 Little Treasure is a 1985 American action drama starring Ted Danson Margot Kidder and Burt Lancaster. The film written and directed by Alan Sharp deals with the strained relationship between a bank robber father and his daughter a stripper.
 El médico módico (The Moderate Doctor) is a 1971 Mexican comedy film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and produced by Miguel Zacarías. It is the ninth film starring Gaspar Henaine alone as Capulina (without Marco Antonio Campos as Viruta). Karla Eric del Castillo and Óscar Ortiz de Pinedo are also featured.
 Bulletproof is a 1996 American action-comedy film directed by Ernest Dickerson and starring Damon Wayans Adam Sandler James Caan and Jeep Swenson.
 The Audacity of Democracy is a 2009 American independent documentary film produced by Lorenda Starfelt and directed by Brad Mays for LightSong Films in North Hollywood. The film which was shot in New York City Washington D.C.; Chicago Illinois; Dallas and Austin Texas; and Denver Colorado is an in-depth look at the P.U.M.A. (People United Means Action) movement in general and one of its most controversial leaders Darragh Murphy in particular.
 Flight 93 is a 2006 television film directed by Peter Markle which chronicles the events aboard United Airlines Flight 93 during the September 11 attacks. It premiered on January 30 2006 on the A&E Network and was re-broadcast several times throughout 2006.The film focused heavily on eight passengers namely Todd Beamer Mark Bingham Tom Burnett Jeremy Glick Lauren Grandcolas Donald Greene Nicole Miller and Honor Elizabeth Wainio.
 Wholly Communion is a short documentary film made in 1965 by British filmmaker Peter Whitehead. It was filmed at the Royal Albert Hall London and documents a poetry event held on 11 June 1965 called the International Poetry Incarnation. It features poetry readings by Beat poets from the UK and U.S. including Allen Ginsberg Michael Horovitz Adrian Mitchell and Austrian poet Ernst Jandl.
 Los Verdes paraísos is a 1947 Argentine film.
 The God Who Wasn't There is a 2005 independent documentary written and directed by Brian Flemming. The documentary questions the existence of Jesus examining evidence that supports the Christ myth theory against the existence of a historical Jesus as well as other aspects of Christianity.
 Rasaleela (2012) is a Malayalam language romantic drama film directed by Majeed Maranchery and starring Darshan and Prathishta in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1975 Malayalam film of the same name which was directed by N.
 Cape Fear is a 1962 American psychological thriller film starring Gregory Peck Robert Mitchum Martin Balsam and Polly Bergen. It was adapted by James R. Webb from the novel The Executioners by John D. MacDonald. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson and released on April 12 1962. The movie concerns an attorney whose family is stalked by a criminal he helped to send to jail.Cape Fear was remade in 1991 by Martin Scorsese. Peck Mitchum and Balsam all appeared in the remake.
 The Color of Fame (Spanish: El tinte de la fama) is a 2008 Venezuelan drama film about a Marilyn Monroe poser and a transsexual who believes to be her reincarnation. The film was Venezuela's official submission for the 81st Annual Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
 La visita is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli. It was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
 A Sea Cave Near Lisbon is an 1896 British short silent actuality film directed by Henry Short featuring a view looking out to sea through the Boca do Inferno (Hell's Mouth) cave near Lisbon with waves breaking in.
 Nevermore is a 2008 film written and directed by independent director Thomas Zambeck.
 Culloden is a 1964 docudrama written and directed by Peter Watkins for BBC TV. It portrays the 1746 Battle of Culloden that resulted in the British Army's destruction of the Scottish Jacobite rising of 1745 and in the words of the narrator tore apart forever the clan system of the Scottish Highlands.
 Out to Win is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Catherine Calvert Clive Brook and Irene Norman. It was based on the 1921 play Out to Win by Dion Clayton Calthrop and Roland Pertwee.
 Home James is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 S.O.S. Noronha is a French adventure film from 1957 directed by Georges Rouquier written by Pierre Boileau starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Pierre Viré.
 Engirunthalum Vazhga is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R.Selvaraj starring Raghuvaran and Archana in lead roles.
 Son of India is a 1962 Bollywood film written and directed by Mehboob Khan. The film stars Kamaljith Simi Garewal Jayant and Kumkum in the lead roles. The music of this film is by Naushad and the lyrics by Shakeel Badayuni.
 The Leopard Woman is a 1920 silent era adventure/romance/drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum House Peters and Noble Johnson.Directed by Wesley Ruggles and produced by J. Parker Read Jr. the screenplay was adapted by H. Tipton Steck and Stanley C. Morse based on the novel The Leopard Woman (1916) by Stewart Edward White.
 Night Train to Paris is a 1964 British spy film starring Leslie Nielsen Aliza Gur and Dorinda Stevens.
 Glastonbury Anthems is a DVD featuring live performances from the Glastonbury Festival from 1994 to 2004. The performances on the DVD were voted for by fans on the official festival website. Extras include A Visit to the Glastonbury Greenfields Glastonbury by Air a 1995 interview with Michael and Jean Eavis a photo gallery and footage from the 1971 film Glastonbury FayreProducer: Ben Challis. Co-producer: Caroline McGee. Executive producers for EMI: Stefan Demetriou and Jo Brooks.
 The Chain is a British comedy drama film first released in 1984. The film was produced and distributed by Film Four International.
 The Cats of Mirikitani is a documentary film originally released in 2006.
 White Whales (orig: Skytturnar (About this sound pronunciation )) the third film directed by Icelandic director Friðrik Þór Friðriksson in 1987. Starring Eggert Guðmundsson Þórarinn Óskar Þórarinsson and Eggert Þorleifsson this film features Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson Sykurmolarnir Bubbi Morthens and MX-21 on the soundtrack.
 The Union: The Business Behind Getting High is a 2007 documentary film by Canadian filmmaker Brett Harvey. Its theatrical run was limited to film festivals.
 Burning Country (Germany: Brennendes Land) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Heinz Herald and starring Marie Wismar Ernst Deutsch and Kurt Vespermann. It premiered in Berlin on 10 March 1921.
 Medhai is a Tamil-language film directed by Ramarajan. The film stars Ramarajan Kaushika Vadivelu and others. The film released of 15 January 2012. The audio release of the film was held on 17 July 2010 at Chennai.
 Caught in the Rain is a 1914 American comedy silent film starring Charles Chaplin. This film was the first of many movies in which Chaplin both directed and played the lead. The short film was produced by Mack Sennett for Keystone Studios with a running time of sixteen minutes.
 Coming Together is a 2-minute ad created and distributed by the Coca-Cola Company and launched on the night of January 14 2013 on several cable networks.
 Patiala Dreamz is a Bollywood film in Punjabi starring Sarwar Ahuja and Madalasa Sharma.
 Stuck in the Suburbs is a Disney Channel Original Movie. It was released on July 16 2004 and stars Danielle Panabaker as Brittany Aarons and Brenda Song as Natasha Kwon-Schwartz. Brittany a regular middle school student in the suburbs accidentally exchanges cell phones with pop singer Jordan Cahill. This was one of the first made-for-television movies by Disney which was also accompanied by its own soundtrack.
 A Sting in the Tale is a 1989 Australian political satire film.The movie was shot in Adelaide
 Girl's Night is a 1998 British comedy-drama directed by Nick Hurran.
 Meteor Storm also called (Spain: Lluvia de fuego) and (France: Tempête de météorites (dubbed version)) is a 2010 American disaster film with the tagline The fury no one saw coming.... The film was directed by Tibor Takács produced by Tracey Jeffrey and Written by Peter Mohan. The movie starred Michael Trucco and Kari Matchett. The plot describes the attempts to save San Francisco from a barrage of meteor strikes.
 Husband for Hire is a 2008 comedy television film that premiered on Oxygen Network on January 24 2008. Husband for Hire was written and directed by Kris Isacsson and it starred Nadine Velazquez Tempestt Bledsoe Mark Consuelos Erik Estrada and Mario López.
 L'arma is a 1978 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale.
 Milan is a 1995 film directed by Mahesh Bhatt and starring Jackie Shroff and Manisha Koirala.
 Bronies: The Extremely Unexpected Adult Fans of My Little Pony (formerly titled as BronyCon: The Documentary) is a 2012 documentary film centering on bronies the adult fans of the 2010 animated television series My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic. The film funded through crowd-sourcing via Kickstarter was originally envisioned to follow voice actor and executive producer John de Lancie to the 2012 Summer BronyCon in New Jersey.
 Hello Cinema (Persian: Salaam Cinema‎) is a 1995 Iranian film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. It was made explicitly for the celebration of the 100th anniversary of cinema. The year 1895 is considered the debut of the motion picture as an entertainment medium.
 Corpse for the Lady (Italian: Cadavere per signora) is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Sylva Koscina.
 Stephanie's Image is a 2009 American drama film directed by Janis DeLucia Allen written by JP Allen and featuring Melissa Leo in the title role.
 Wolf Lake is a 1978 film directed by Burt Kennedy. It stars Rod Steiger and Susan Tyrrell.
 The Iron Mule is a 1925 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Nance is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Albert Ward and starring Isobel Elsom James Lindsay and Ivan Samson. It was based on the novel Nance by Charles Garvice. It depicts the relationship between an aristocratic man and a working class woman.
 Girl Friends (Russian: Подруги) is a 1936 Soviet film directed by Lev Arnshtam. The film tells story of the friendship between three girls from Petrograd who grow up together and become nurses during the Russian Civil War. The film was released in the USA in 1936 as Three Women.
 Prathinidhi (Telugu: ప్రతినిధి; English: Representative) is a Telugu film produced by J Samba Siva Rao under Sudha cinemas and directed by debutant Prashanth Mandava. The film stars Nara Rohith and Shubra Aiyappa in the lead roles. Music is being composed by Sai Karthik.
 The Todd Killings is a 1971 psychological thriller directed by Barry Shear and starring Robert F. Lyons Richard Thomas Belinda Montgomery and Barbara Bel Geddes. It is based on the true crimes of serial killer Charles Schmid in the 1960s.
 Bloodbrothers is a 1978 coming-of-age film directed by Robert Mulligan. It stars Richard Gere Paul Sorvino Tony Lo Bianco and Marilu Henner and was based on the novel of the same title by Richard Price. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
 Lilly van Java (Lily of Java) also known as Melatie van Java (Jasmine of Java) is a 1928 film from the Dutch East Indies directed by Nelson Wong. Initially meant to be produced by South Sea Film and shot by an American director the film – which follows a woman told to marry a man she does not love – was ultimately completed by Wong's Halimoen Film.
 The Man on the Train (French: L'homme du train) is a 2002 French crime-drama film directed by Patrice Leconte starring Jean Rochefort and Johnny Hallyday.
 Eight Crazy Nights is a 2002 American animated musical comedy-drama film directed by Seth Kearsley and produced co-written by and starring Adam Sandler. Unlike most mainstream holiday films it centers on Jewish characters during the Hanukkah season as opposed to religious or secular celebration of Christmas.
 Tremors 4: The Legend Begins is a 2004 direct-to-video western monster film that premiered January 2 2004 on the Sci-Fi channel. It is the fourth and final film in the Tremors series of monster films. It is a prequel to the earlier movies.
 Citadel is a 2012 Irish psychological horror film written and directed by Ciaran Foy in his feature film debut. It was filmed in Glasgow Scotland. The film stars Aneurin Barnard as Tommy a widower who must raise his baby alone after an attack by a gang leaves his wife dead and him suffering from agoraphobia. It is an example of hoodie horror.
 Resident Alien is a documentary film directed produced and edited by Jonathan Nossiter and co-produced by Dean Silvers.
 Housefull (also stylized as House Full) is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Linson Antony. The film stars Tini Tom Jyothirmayi and Shammi Thilakan and released on February 15 2013. Filming for Housefull began in mid-2012 with the film marking Tom's first leading role.
 Tough Guys of the Prairie (Danish: Præriens skrappe drenge) is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Dirch Passer.
 Dr. Knock (original title Knock) is a French comedy film from 1951 directed by Guy Lefranc written by Georges Neveux and starring by Louis Jouvet. It also features an uncredited appearance by Louis de Funès.
 For Valour is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls and starring Walls Ralph Lynn and Veronica Rose. It was made at Shepperton Studios with sets designed by Oscar Werndorff. Unlike previous films starring Walls and Lynn it was based on an original screenplay rather than one of the Aldwych Farces.
 A Woman Scorned is a 1915 American silent short drama film written and directed by William Desmond Taylor. The film stars Robyn Adair Bessie Banks Nan Christy Beatrice Van and Harry Van Meter.
 The People vs. George Lucas is a 2010 documentary/comedy film which explores the issues of filmmaking and fanaticism pertaining to the Star Wars franchise and its creator George Lucas. The film combines filmmaker and celebrity interviews with fan films which were submitted via the film's site.Interviewees include a variety of figures such as Neil Gaiman MC Frontalot and Gary Kurtz. Lucas himself appears frequently in archival footage but is never interviewed directly.
 Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu (Telugu: మొగుడు పెళ్ళాం ఓ దొంగోడు) is a Telugu film directed by Venky. In the film there are only 3 charactersi.e. Raja Shriya and Brahmanandam which makes it different from all the other films.
 Sangham is a Malayalam film released in 1988. Directed by Joshiy this film is about a spoiled brat and his adolescent friends and the embarrassing situation that they get trapped in. Mammootty appears in the leading role of Kuttapayi a spoiled brat of a rich family. He is supported by Thilakan Mukesh Jagadish Innocent Balan K. Nair Prathapachandran Parvathy Seema Saritha and Philomina. The script was written by Dennis Joseph. The film was a huge hit at box office.
 Our Last Days as Children (formally titled Ghost In The Machine) is a film slated to start production in Rhode Island July/August 2011. Not much is known about the project but the blog on the film's former website quotes John Stuart Mill; which indicates that the themes involve Personal Liberty Identity and Privacy.The film is being produced by Two Sisters' Productions Inc. and being directed by Diane St. Laurent. The script was written by Raz Cunningham.
 The Possibility of Hope is a 2007 documentary short film directed by Alfonso Cuarón included as an extra in the Special Edition DVD of Cuarón's 2006 film Children of Men.
 Rock-A-Bye Baby is a 1958 comedy film with songs starring Jerry Lewis. A loose remake of Preston Sturges' 1944 film The Miracle of Morgan's Creek the film was directed and written by Frank Tashlin and features Marilyn Maxwell Connie Stevens and Reginald Gardiner.
 Silver City is a 1984 Australian film about post-war Polish immigration to Australia following World War II. Silver City is the nickname of the immigration hostel in Australia. David Stratton calls it one of the best Australian films of the 1980s and thought that it should have made Gosia Dobrowolska a major star.
 Dil Diya Hai (Hindi: दिल दिया है Urdu: دل دیا ہے) is a 2006 Bollywood film from the makers of Aashiq Banaya Apne. It stars Emraan Hashmi Geeta Basra Ashmit Patel and Mithun Chakraborty
 DP75: Tartina City is a 2007 dramatic film by Chadian director Issa Serge Coelo now at his second feature film. The film has won the Innovation Award at the 31st Montreal World Film Festival. While the country where the action is set remains unnamed the context is that of Chadian history in the 1980s and 1990s. The name's title is taken from the tartina a mixture of bread and sheep's bowels served to the prisoners.
 L'amante di Gramigna (internationally released as The Bandit) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. For this film Stefania Sandrelli was awarded as Best Actress at the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 American Standoff is an American 2002 documentary film by Kristi Jacobson which documents much of a strike by the Teamsters against a package delivery company Overnite Transportation (now a subsidiary of United Parcel Service). The film follows the strike from early 2000 to mid-2001.
 Man in the Chair is a 2007 independent film written and directed by Michael Schroeder. The film stars Christopher Plummer Michael Angarano M. Emmet Walsh and Robert Wagner.
 Greased Lightning is a 1977 American biographical film starring Richard Pryor Beau Bridges and Pam Grier and directed by Michael Schultz. Greased Lightning is a film loosely based on the true life story of Wendell Scott the first African American stock car racing champion in the United States. Greased Lightning was partially filmed in Winder Georgia and Madison Georgia.
 Broken Barriers is a 1924 American silent film starring James Kirkwood Norma Shearer and Adolphe Menjou. It was directed by Reginald Barker. The film was based upon the novel of the same name by Meredith Nicholson. The film's status is currently unknown.
 Nowhere to Run is a 1993 American action drama film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Rosanna Arquette Kieran Culkin Ted Levine and Joss Ackland.
 Dead Husbands is a 1998 romance comedy thriller starring Nicollette Sheridan John Ritter Sonja Smits Donna Pescow Amy Yasbeck and Sheila McCarthy. It was directed by Paul Shapiro and written by Bob Randall and Warren Taylor.
 Women in Trouble is a 2009 American comedy film written and directed by Sebastian Gutierrez and starring a cast consisting of Carla Gugino Adrianne Palicki Marley Shelton Connie Britton and Emmanuelle Chriqui.It was shot in 10 days for $50000.
 April Fool's Day is a 2008 American horror film which is a direct-to-DVD remake of the 1986 film of the same name. It is directed by The Butcher Brothers also known as Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores who also directed the vampire film The Hamiltons. April Fool's Day is described by star Scout Taylor-Compton as Mean Girls crossed with horror and was released straight to DVD release on March 25 2008. The film received negative reviews from critics and fans.
 xXx pronounced Triple X is a 2002 American action film directed by Rob Cohen and starring Vin Diesel as Xander Cage a thrill seeking extreme sports enthusiast stuntman and rebellious extreme sport athlete-turned-reluctant spy for the National Security Agency who is sent on a dangerous mission to infiltrate a group of potential Russian terrorists in Central Europe. xXx also stars Asia Argento Samuel L.
 Alien Arsenal is a science fiction movie released in 1999 directed by David DeCoteau. It is a loose remake of an earlier Charles Band production Laserblast.
 Papá se desenreda (Father gets untangled) is a 1940 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Im Banne des Unheimlichen (lit. In the Spell of the Uncanny; English title The Zombie Walks) is a 1968 German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Joachim Fuchsberger and Siw Mattson. It is part of a series of German screen adaptations of Edgar Wallace's thriller novels.
 Three (sometimes stylized Thr3e) is a 2006 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Ted Dekker.
 Madame Rosa (French: La vie devant soi) is a 1977 French film adaptation of the novel The Life Before Us (1975; French: La vie devant soi) authored by Romain Gary under the pseudonym of Émile Ajar. Through his double identity Gary who had already received the Prix Goncourt in 1956 for Les Racines du ciel received it again in 1975 for La vie devant soi becoming the first writer to be twice attributed the highly coveted award.
 Thimiru (English: Impudence) is a 2006 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by debutant Tarun Gopi. It stars Vishal Krishna Reema Sen and Sriya Reddy in lead and former football player I. M. Vijayan Manoj K. Jayan and Vadivelu in supporting roles whilst Kiran Rathod appears in an item number. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. Produced by Vishal's brother Vikram Krishna under the banner of GK Films Corporation it was released on 4 August 2006.
 A Girl's Tears (Romanian: O lacrimă de fată) is a 1980 Romanian drama film directed by Iosif Demian. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Very Same Münchhausen (Russian: Тот самый Мюнхгаузен Tot samyy Myunkhgauzen alt. translation - That Very Münchhausen) is a 1979 Soviet television movie directed by Mark Zakharov based on a script by Grigoriy Gorin. The film relays the story of the baron's life after the adventures portrayed in the book particularly his struggle to prove himself sane.
 Shake Rattle & Roll is a Filipino horror film series dating back to 1984. It is currently produced by Regal Films. Most of the series are official entries for the Metro Manila Film Festival with the exception of the sixth installment which premiered in January 1997. The title is solely based on the song of the same name.This horror film franchise which is currently owned by Regal Films is the Philippines film series with the most movie installments.
 Faces of Death III is the second sequel to the 1978 mondo film Faces of Death. Once again John Alan Schwartz directed (again as Conan le Cilaire) and co wrote (as Alan Black) along with co writer Veronica Lakewood. Michael Carr again portrays Dr. Francis B.
 Mane Devru (Kannada: ಮನೆ ದೇವ್ರು) is a 1993 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed and enacted by V. Ravichandran along with Sudharani pairing together for the first time. The supporting cast features K. S. Ashwath Tennis Krishna Disco Shanti among others.The film was a remake of K. Bhagyaraj's Tamil blockbuster film Mouna Geethangal (1981) and was also remade in Hindi as Ek Hi Bhool (1981).
 La donna di notte is a 1962 Italian film directed by Mino Loy.
 Visioneers is a 2008 satirical dark comedy directed by Jared Drake and written by Brandon Drake. The film stars comedian Zach Galifianakis and actress Judy Greer. The film premiered on June 12 2008. The film was shot in Snoqualmie Washington and surrounding areas.
 For Madonna's 1990 world tour see Blond Ambition Tour.Blonde Ambition is an American film released in December 2007 and inspired by the theme of the Academy Award-winning movie Working Girl starring singer/actress Jessica Simpson playing the part of a small town girl who moves to New York City and rises up into a career as a business woman.
 Balibo is a 2009 Australian war film that follows the story of the Balibo Five a group of journalists who were captured and killed whilst reporting on activities just prior to the Indonesian invasion of East Timor in 1975. The film is loosely based on the book Cover-Up by Jill Jolliffe an Australian journalist who met the men before they were killed.Filming began on 30 June 2008 in Dili East Timor and the film was released the following year.
 Mahjong hōrōki (麻雀放浪記) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Makoto Wada.
 Mogambo is a 1953 American adventure/romantic drama film directed by John Ford and starring Clark Gable Ava Gardner and Grace Kelly and featuring Donald Sinden. The film was adapted by John Lee Mahin from the play Red Dust by Wilson Collison.Mogambo is a lavish Technicolor remake of the 1932 film Red Dust starring Clark Gable and Jean Harlow and set in French Indochina. This version is set during the First Indochina War.
 One Is Business the Other Crime is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. Prints of the film survive in the film archives of the Library of Congress and the Museum of Modern Art.
 Naked Hearts (French: Les Cœurs verts) is a 1966 French drama film directed by Édouard Luntz. It was entered into the 16th Berlin International Film Festival.The film tells the story of a group of young people from Nanterre a suburb to the west of Paris. The main characters Zim and Jean-Pierre are part of a gang of greasers (referred to in French as blousons noirs) and meet in prison at the beginning of the film.
 China Bound is a 1929 silent film comedy produced and distributed by MGM. A rarely revived comedy due to some of its Asian racial content a selected scene was shown in Robert Youngson's 1965 MGM's Big Parade of Comedy.
 The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot is a 2013 comedy spoof and homage to the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who. It debuted on the BBC Red Button service after the broadcast of The Day of the Doctor the official 50th anniversary special. The programme was written and directed by Peter Davison who stars alongside fellow former Doctor actors Sylvester McCoy Colin Baker and Paul McGann.
 Face in the Night is a 1957 British crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Griffith Jones Lisa Gastoni and Vincent Ball. It was based on the novel Suspense by Bruce Graeme.
 Escala en la ciudad (A stop in the ciy) is a 1935 Argentine film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. It was produced by SIFAL a production company run by de Zavalia and his partner Luis Saslavsky. The production company disbanded the following year after de Zavalia had made Escala en la ciudad his feature film debut and Saslavsky had completed his second and most famous movie Crimen a las tres.
 Eu sunt Adam was a 1996 Romanian film directed by Romanian director Dan Pița based on short stories by Mircea Eliade.
 Unforgettable is a 1996 thriller with science fiction elements directed by John Dahl and starring Ray Liotta and Linda Fiorentino. The movie is about a man named David Krane (Liotta) who is obsessed with finding out who murdered his wife.The movie is John Dahl's follow up to his critically acclaimed film The Last Seduction. Unforgettable however was a critical and box office failure only earning less than $3 million in the U.S.
 Un beso en el puerto is a 1965 Spanish motion picture. The film was directed by Ramón Torrado and stars Manolo Escobar Ingrid Pitt Antonio Ferrandis María Isbert and Manuel Alexandre.
 Motherland (እናት ሀገር ʿenathager) is a 2010 independent documentary film directed and written by Owen 'Alik Shahadah. Motherland is the sequel to the multiaward winning film 500 Years Later.
 Zay El Naharda (Arabic: زي النهاردة On A Day Like Today) is a 2008 Egyptian thriller film it was the debut of its writer and director Amr Salama.
 Ted Leo & the Pharmacists: Dirty Old Town is a 2003 concert film by director Justin Mitchell documenting a day in the life of Ted Leo and the Pharmacists on Coney Island. The bulk of the footage is of the band's energetic performance at the Siren Music Festival interspersed with interviews boardwalk montages and a cameo by comedian David Cross. This film is named after the old Ewan MacColl song Dirty Old Town; Leo performs a live cover of this song at the beginning of the movie.
 Inaam Dus Hazaar is a 1987 Bollywood action film directed by Jyotin Goel. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Meenakshi Seshadri in lead roles. It is inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's classic North by Northwest.
 Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue is a 2010 computer-animated comedy adventure film based on the Disney Fairies franchise it is the third installment of the Tinker bell franchise produced by DisneyToon Studios. It is the sequel to the 2008 film Tinker Bell and the 2009 film Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure and revolves around Tinker Bell a fairy character created by J. M.
 Mr. Azaad is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni and produced by Vishal Nihalani. It stars Anil Kapoor and Chandni in pivotal roles.
 Blackmail is a 1929 British thriller drama film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Anny Ondra John Longden and Cyril Ritchard. Based on the play Blackmail by Charles Bennett the film is about a London woman who is blackmailed after killing a man that tries to rape her.After starting production as a silent film British International Pictures decided to convert Blackmail into a sound film during filming.
 Here Comes Peter Cottontail: The Movie is a 2005 computer animated film a sequel to the 1971 Rankin/Bass TV special Here Comes Peter Cottontail. It was released by DreamWorks Classics. It made its television debut on 14 April 2006 on Cartoon Network. It includes several songs including a pop rock version of the original song performed by Kai Fitzgerald.
 Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day is a 2009 Canadian mockumentary comedy/crime film directed by Mike Clattenburg. Based on the Canadian television series Trailer Park Boys it is the second film in Clattenburg's Trailer Park Boys franchise following Trailer Park Boys: The Movie (2006). Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day is a conclusion to Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys the television special that ended the series after its seventh season.
 Wood for War was a 1942 color short produced by the United States Department of Agriculture.
 Rob the Mob is a 2014 American crime drama film directed by Raymond De Felitta and written by Jonathan Fernandez. The film stars Michael Pitt Nina Arianda Andy García Ray Romano Aida Turturro Frank Whaley Michael Rispoli and Joseph R. Gannascoli.
 A Man a Woman and a Bank is a 1979 Canadian heist film starring Donald Sutherland and Brooke Adams.
 A House Is Not a Home is a 1964 drama film loosely based on the 1953 autobiography by madam Polly Adler. The film stars Shelley Winters Robert Taylor Cesar Romero and Kaye Ballard. Raquel Welch made her film debut in a small role as a prostitute. The song written for the film by Burt Bacharach has become a jazz standard.
 Ada is a 1961 American political drama film made by Avon Productions and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by Daniel Mann and produced by Lawrence Weingarten with a screenplay by Arthur Sheekman and William Driskill based on the novel Ada Dallas by Wirt Williams. The musical score was by Bronislau Kaper and the cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg. The art direction was by Edward Carfagno and George W.
 Jealousy is a 1945 American film noir directed by Gustav Machatý featuring John Loder Jane Randolph Karen Morley and Nils Asther.
 Hellmaster is a 1992 American horror film. The film was written and directed by Douglas Shulze and is about a psychotic college professor who uses unsuspecting students as laboratory rats injecting them with a drug that mutates them into brutal slaughterers.
 For other films see Dost (disambiguation)Dost (Devanagari: दोस्त Nastaliq: دوست translation: Friend) is a 1974 Hindi film. Produced by Premji it was directed by Dulal Guha. The film stars Dharmendra Hema Malini Shatrughan Sinha Asit Sen and Rehman. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
 Tougher Than Leather is an American film released in 1988 and distributed by New Line Cinema. The film was directed by Rick Rubin and stars the hip-hop group Run–D.M.C. They created the movie to coincide with the release of their fourth studio album also titled Tougher Than Leather.
 Dirty Work is a Laurel and Hardy short film classic comedy made in 1933. It was directed by Lloyd French produced by Hal Roach and distributed by MGM.
 Apoorva Sangama (Kannada: ಅಪೂರ್ವ ಸಂಗಮ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film directed by Y. R. Swamy. It stars Rajkumar Shankar Nag and Ambika in lead roles. The music of the film was composed by Upendra Kumar.The film is a remake of the 1970 Bollywood film Johny Mera Naam.
 Spielbank-Affäre is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 The Libertine (La Matriarca; a.k.a. The Matriarch) was a 1969 Italian film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.
 Alf's Button Afloat is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Bud Flanagan Chesney Allen Jimmy Nervo Alastair Sim and Peter Gawthorne. The Crazy Gang go to sea. It parodies the 1920 novel Alf's Button by W.A. Darlington and its subsequent film adaptations.
 The Girl in the Café is a British made-for-television drama film directed by David Yates written by Richard Curtis and produced by Hilary Bevan Jones. The film is produced by the independent production company Tightrope Pictures and was originally screened on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 25 June 2005. It was also shown in the United States on cable television station Home Box Office on the same day. Bill Nighy portrays the character of Lawrence with Kelly Macdonald portraying Gina.
 Loch Ness Terror titled Beyond Loch Ness on the Sci-Fi Channel is a 2008 horror television movie directed by Paul Ziller and written from Ziller and Jason Bourque.
 Deva is a 2002 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Surinder Films under the banner of Surinder Films and Silver Vally Communications Ltd.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita Pal in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri.
 You Lucky Dog is an original made-for-TV film starring Natasha Henstridge Harry Hamlin and Anthony Lemke. The film which premiered on June 26 2010 on cable network The Hallmark Channel was primarily sponsored by Pedigree pet food company. The release of this movie coincides with The Pedigree Foundation's sixth annual Adoption Drive.
 Tomorrow La Scala! is a 2002 British comedy film directed by Francesca Joseph. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Heiresses (Hungarian: Örökség) is a 1980 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Durazno (aka Apricot) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Yashira Jordan. The film utilized crowd-funding and ecological production and is one of the first of its type to be made in Bolivia and Argentina.The documentary was filmed during 2012 in the Argentinian cities of Santa Fe and La Plata as well as in Cochabamba Bolivia.
 The Half-Breed's Way is a 1912 American silent short Western starring Harry von Meter Vivian Rich and George Beech.
 Deceit is a 2009 American short film. The story takes place during the Vietnam War and revolves around a young girl and three soldiers trapped in a defensive fighting position. The film received the Audience Choice Award for Best Short Film at the 2009 Cinema City International Film Festival. It was also accepted by the SoCal Film Festival.
 A Death in Canaan is a 1978 American drama television film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Stefanie Powers Paul Clemens and Brian Dennehy. Its plot concerns the true-life story of a teenager who is put on trial for the murder of his mother in a small Connecticut town.The film first aired on the CBS Wednesday Night Movies on March 1 1978 and was never officially released on any analog or digital medium for rental or sale.
 The Words of My Father (Italian: Le parole di mio padre) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Nuvvu Leka Nenu Lenu was a 2002 Telugu Romantic film starring Tarun Aarti Agarwal Laya Sarath Babu Chandra Mohan and Radha Kumari.This film was released on January 14 2002 with positive reviews and became a blockbuster.
 Ivory Tower is a 2010 Canadian feature film and the directorial debut of Adam Traynor a musician from the German-based hip-hop group Puppetmastaz. The film was co-written by Canadian pianist and rapper Gonzales and French director and screenwriter Céline Sciamma. It is slated for a theatrical release in the Fall of 2010 and stars a variety of Canadian-born musicians including Gonzales himself Peaches Feist and Tiga. Additionally Gonzales' mother appears in the film.
 The TV Set is a 2006 comedy-drama film about an idealistic writer attempting to bring his vision for a TV show to fruition on the small screen.
 Pawns of Passion (German:Marter der Liebe) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Wiktor Bieganski and Carmine Gallone and starring Olga Tschechowa Harry Frank and Hans Stüwe. The film was released in the United States in 1929. The film is also known by several other titles including Liebeshölle.
 Soldier's Girl is a 2003 Canadian-American drama film produced by Showtime. It is based on a true story: the relationship between Barry Winchell and Calpernia Addams and the events that led up to Barry's murder by fellow soldiers. It was written by Ron Nyswaner and directed by Frank R. Pierson with Troy Garity starring as Barry and Lee Pace starring as Calpernia.
 FrackNation is a feature documentary created by Phelim McAleer and Ann McElhinney the directors of Not Evil Just Wrong and Mine Your Own Business and Magdalena Segieda that aims to address what the filmmakers say is misinformation about the process of hydraulic fracturing commonly called fracking.The film looks at the process of fracking for natural gas and seeks to address the concerns surrounding the process that were highlighted in the fracking-critical film Gasland.
 Criminales de guerra (English: War criminals) is a 1946 Argentine documentary film directed by Júpiter Perruzi. The film was made by excerpts of international news programs who covered the Nuremberg Trials. Additional commentaries and illustrative maps are also showed.
 A Dog Year is a 2009 television film written and directed by first-time director George LaVoo and starring Jeff Bridges.The film is based on the memoir by Jon Katz and adapted by LaVoo. The story centers on a man experiencing a midlife crisis whose world is turned upside down when he adopts a border collie crazier than he is.
 Melody is a 1971 British film directed by Waris Hussein about puppy love. It was released as S.W.A.L.K. in the United Kingdom (S.W.A.L.K. is a message traditionally written on the envelopes of love letters by British schoolchildren standing for Sealed With A Loving Kiss). The film starred Jack Wild Mark Lester and Tracy Hyde.
 Un giorno in pretura is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Still of the Night is a 1982 American psychological thriller film directed by Robert Benton and starring Roy Scheider Meryl Streep Joe Grifasi and Jessica Tandy. It was written by Benton and David Newman. Scheider plays a psychiatrist who falls in love with a woman (Streep) who may be the psychopathic killer of one of his clients. The film's style has been compared to the works of Alfred Hitchcock.
 A Trick of Light is a 1995 German film directed by Wim Wenders. Its original German title is Die Gebrüder Skladanowsky the film made with the students of the Munich Film Academy is a combination of docudrama fictional reenactment and experimental photography to show the birth of cinema in Berlin where Max Skladanowsky and his brother Emil built a projector they called the Bioskop.
 The Truth About Lies is an upcoming United States romantic comedy film starring Fran Kranz Odette Annable Mary Elizabeth Ellis and Chris Diamantopoulos. Written and directed by Phil Allocco the film is currently in post-production.
 Aqui na Terra (Here on Earth) (1993) it's a Portuguese film directed by João Botelho.
 Night Warning (originally titled Butcher Baker Nightmare Maker) is a 1982 exploitation horror film directed by William Asher; it was nominated for a Saturn Award for the Best Horror Movie of 1982 by the Academy of Science Fiction Fantasy and Horror. Its subject matter deals with homophobia incest in a classic Oedipus tale.
 High School Confidential is a 1958 crime drama film directed by Jack Arnold starring Mamie Van Doren Russ Tamblyn Jan Sterling John Drew Jackie Coogan and Michael Landon.The film also features a cameo by Jerry Lee Lewis who opens the movie singing a song of the same name which Lewis co-wrote with Ron Hargrave. Lewis released the title track as a Sun Records 45 single which became a Top 40 hit reaching #21 on the Billboard charts.
 Feather Your Nest is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring George Formby Polly Ward and Enid Stamp-Taylor. It was made at Ealing Studios.
 Let's Make It Legal is a 1951 comedy film made by Twentieth Century-Fox directed by Richard Sale and produced by Robert Bassler from a screenplay by I.A.L. Diamond and F. Hugh Herbert based on a story by Mortimer Braus entitled My Mother-in-Law Miriam. The music was by Cyril J. Mockridge and the cinematography by Lucien Ballard.The film stars Claudette Colbert Macdonald Carey Zachary Scott Barbara Bates and Marilyn Monroe.
 Sensation is a 1936 British crime film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring John Lodge Diana Churchill Francis Lister and Felix Aylmer. A crime reporter solves a murder case using a piece of evidence he found amongst the victim's possessions.
 Love Life and Laughter is a 1934 British comedy drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Gracie Fields John Loder and Ivor Barnard. It was made at Ealing Studios. Nell the daughter of an English pub owner falls in love with the visiting Prince of Granau.
 Here Come the Marines is a 1952 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on June 29 1952 by Monogram Pictures and is the twenty-sixth film in the series.
 Aanai (English: Order) is a 2005 Tamil language Indian action film written and directed by Selva. It stars 'Action King' Arjun Namitha and Keerthi Chawla in the lead while Vadivelu Sanghavi and Manoj K. Jayan play pivotal roles. D. Imman composed the soundtrack while Shiva was the cinematographer for the venture which released in December 2005.The film is a remake of the Hollywood film Man on Fire starring Denzel Washington and Dakota Fanning.
 Kaash (English: If Only) is an Indian Bollywood domestic drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt released on 4 September 1987. The film stars Jackie Shroff and Dimple Kapadia as a married couple Ritesh and Pooja who face a serious crisis after bankruptcy and marriage breakdown.
 Christy: A Change of Seasons (also known as Christy Choices of the Heart Part I) is a 2001 two part made-for-tv movie developed for television by executive producer Tom Blomquist and starring Lauren Lee Smith Stewart Finlay-McLennan James Waterston Diane Ladd Dale Dickey Andy Stahl and Bruce McKinnon.Written by Philip Gerson A Change of Seasons was the second of three Christy movies.
 La ragazzola is a 1965 Italian film directed by Giuseppe Orlandini.
 Jonah Sing-Along Songs and More! is the seventeenth episode in the VeggieTales animated series. Released in 2002 it is one of several sing-along videos. Released prior to the film Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie it was intended to fuel interest in the upcoming feature. It also includes a medley of songs from Lyle the Kindly Viking and many more.
 The Lost Boys is a 1987 American teen horror film starring Jason Patric Corey Haim Kiefer Sutherland Jami Gertz Corey Feldman Dianne Wiest Edward Herrmann Alex Winter Jamison Newlander and Barnard Hughes.The film is about two Arizona brothers who move to California and end up fighting a gang of teenage vampires. The title is a reference to the Lost Boys in J. M.
 Bill Sharkey's Last Game is a 1909 American film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Harry Carey in his debut film.
 Bataille de boules de neige (also known as Snowball Fight) is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière.
 Bala Bharatam (Telugu: బాలభారతము) is a 1972 Telugu film wherein most of the characters are played by children. The child actors include Baby Sridevi and Master Prabhakar.
 Madonna: Truth or Dare (renamed In Bed with Madonna outside of North America) is a 1991 American documentary film chronicling the life of American singer-songwriter Madonna during her 1990 Blond Ambition World Tour. The film was generally well received by critics and was successful at the box office at that point becoming the highest-grossing documentary of all time with a worldwide gross of $29012935. It was screened out of competition at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Drum is the 1976 sequel to the film Mandingo and released by United Artists. Starring Warren Oates Pam Grier (as Pamela Grier) and Ken Norton and directed by Steve Carver it parodies nineteenth-century American slavery like its predecessor. Like Mandingo Drum was based on the Kyle Onstott novel of the same name.
 Barnaby Rudge is a 1915 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and Cecil M. Hepworth and starring Tom Powers Stewart Rome and Violet Hopson. It was an adaptation of the novel Barnaby Rudge by Charles Dickens which was set amidst the 1780 Gordon Riots in London.
 Dear Lemon Lima is a 2009 family comedy feature film written and directed by Suzi Yoonessi. Based on her short film of the same name and developed with the support of Film Independent and its Filmmaker Labs this film is about a 13-year-old half-Yup’ik girl navigating her way through first heartbreak and the perils of prep school in Fairbanks Alaska.
 Amma (English: Mother) is a 1952 Malayalam film directed by K. Vembu and written by Nagavally R. S. Kurupwhich is based on L.V Prasad's Telugu movie Shavukar. It was one of the two films that enjoyed success among the 11 Malayalam films which released in 1952 the other being Prem Nazir-starrer Visappinte Vili. The cast of Amma includes Lalitha B. S. Saroja Aranmula Ponnamma Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair M. N. Nambiar T. S. Dorairaj P. M. Devan Gopalan Nair T. S. Muthaiah and Sharma.
 El Pendiente is a 1951 Argentine film.
 The Stranger Within is a 1990 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Tom Holland and starring Rick Schroder and Kate Jackson.
 Race: The Power of an Illusion was a three-part series that was produced by California Newsreel and investigated race in society science and history. The educational documentary originally screened on PBS and was primarily funded by CPD the Ford Foundation and PBS.
 Singham (Hindustani pronunciation: [sɪnɡʱəm] Lion) is a 2011 Bollywood action film directed by Rohit Shetty starring Ajay Devgan Kajal Aggarwal and Prakash Raj in lead roles. It is a remake of the 2010 Tamil blockbuster Singam featuring Suriya and Anushka Shetty. The film is produced under Reliance Entertainment which co-produced the original Tamil movie. The theatrical trailer was released with Ready on 3 June 2011.
 Royal Eagle is a 1936 British crime film directed by George A. Cooper and starring John Garrick Nancy Burne Felix Aylmer and Edmund Willard. The screenplay was written by Arnold Ridley.
 Sssssss (released as Ssssnake in the UK) is a 1973 horror film starring Strother Martin Dirk Benedict and Heather Menzies. It was directed by Bernard L. Kowalski and written by Hal Dresner and Daniel C. Striepeke the latter of whom also produced the film. The make-up effects were created by John Chambers and Nick Marcellino. It received a nomination for the Best Science Fiction Film award of the Academy of Science Fiction Fantasy & Horror Films in 1975.[citation needed]
 Cabin in the Sky is a 1940 American musical with music by Vernon Duke lyrics by John La Touche and a musical book by Lynn Root. The musical premiered on Broadway at the Martin Beck Theatre on October 25 1940. It closed on March 8 1941 after a total of 156 performances.
 Romeo.Juliet is the title of a 1990 film version of William Shakespeare's classic play Romeo and Juliet.
 Toki o Kakeru Shōjo (時をかける少女 lit. The Girl Who Runs Through Time) is the second live-action film adaptation of novel of the same name. The film was released in Japan on November 8 1997 directed by Haruki Kadokawa with a screenplay by Ryōji Itō Chiho Katsura and Haruki Kadokawa starring beginner Nana Nakamoto in the main role. The film is narrated by the previous 1983 film's lead-actress Tomoyo Harada and is set in 1965 when the novel was published for the first time.
 Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers is a 1989 American slasher film and the fifth installment in the Halloween film series. It was directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard and starred Donald Pleasence who again portrayed Dr. Sam Loomis and Danielle Harris who returned to play Jamie Lloyd. The film takes place exactly one year after the events depicted in Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers.
 Big Guns is a 2006 film about a 60- to 75-year-old Senior Softball team Kids At Heart. The film was directed and written by John Rester Zodrow and stars Barry Primus Mel Novak Susan Thomas and Gino Giordan.The premise of the movie is loosely based on real life events that took place a number of years ago in the Senior League World Series where allegations of underage players and doctored or altered bats lead to the disqualification and banning of a Senior League World Series team.
 The Legion of the Condemned is a 1928 American silent film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Fay Wray and Gary Cooper. Written by John Monk Saunders and Jean De Limur with intertitles by George Marion Jr. the film is about four young men from various walks of life who sign up for the Lafayette Escadrille known as The Legion of the Condemned. The film was produced by Jesse L. Lasky William A. Wellman and Adolph Zukor. The film was distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 Instrument is a documentary film directed by Jem Cohen about the band Fugazi. Cohen's relationship with band member Ian MacKaye extends back to the 1970s when the two met in high school in Washington D.C.. The film takes its title from the Fugazi song of the same name from their 1993 album In on the Kill Taker.Editing of the film was done by both Cohen and the members of the band over the course of five years.
 Those Awful Hats is a 1909 American short comedy film directed by D.W. Griffith. It takes place in a small crowded movie theatre where the patrons are perpetually distracted by people - primarily women - wearing large ostentatious hats that obstruct everyone else's views of the screen. The film ends with a title card reading Ladies Will Please Remove Their Hats. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Of Mice and Men is a 1992 film based on John Steinbeck's novella of the same name. Directed and produced by Gary Sinise the film features Sinise as George Milton alongside John Malkovich as Lennie Small Casey Siemaszko as Curley John Terry as Slim Ray Walston as Candy Joe Morton as Crooks and Sherilyn Fenn as Curley's wife. Horton Foote adapted the story for film.Based on Steinbeck's 1937 novella the plot centers on Milton and the mentally disabled Small.
 Kalabha Kadhalan is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller directed by debutant Igore starring Arya and Renuka Menon. This film was a low-budget production and the soundtrack was composed by Niru. Akshaya also appeared in this family based psycho thriller. It enjoyed relatively quiet success. It shared a similar storyline to a great thriller S.J. Suryah’s Vaali and another 2006 film called Uyir.
 Surya is a 2008 Tamil film which was planned for release in December 2008. Vijaya Chiranjeevi and Keerthi Chawla are in the lead roles. Movie directed by Jaguar Thangam.
 The Opponent is a sports drama film released in 2000. The film stars Erika Eleniak and James Colby.
 Ditto (Hangul: 동감; RR: Donggam; lit. Sympathy or The same feeling) is a 2000 South Korean science-fiction romance film directed by Kim Jeong-gwon. The plot of the film is similar to that of another movie released in 2000 Frequency in that two people separated in time are somehow able to talk to each other using amateur radio. In Ditto the people in question are two students in the same school one in 1979 the other in 2000.
 God's Little Acre is a 1958 American film of Erskine Caldwell's 1933 novel of the same name. It was directed by Anthony Mann and shot in black and white by master cinematographer Ernest Haller.The film was as controversial as the novel although unlike its source material there was no prosecution for obscenity.
 Lost in Time (Chinese: 忘不了; ) is a 2003 Hong Kong drama film directed by Derek Yee and starring Cecilia Cheung Lau Ching-Wan and Louis Koo.
 Aa Dekhen Zara (Hindi: आ देखें ज़रा; English: Come Let's See) is a 2009 romantic sci-fi action thriller film starring Neil Nitin Mukesh who plays a photo journalist and Bipasha Basu as a disc jockey. The film is the directorial debut of Jehangir Surti.
 Dive! is an American documentary film directed by Jeremy Seifert.
 Enclosure (French: L'Enclos) is a 1961 French-Yugoslav drama film directed by Armand Gatti. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where Gatti won the Silver Prize for Best Director.
 The Brink's Job is a 1978 film directed by William Friedkin and starring Peter Falk Peter Boyle Allen Garfield Warren Oates Gena Rowlands and Paul Sorvino. It is based on the Brink's robbery of 1950 in Boston where almost 3 million dollars were stolen.The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Dean Tavoularis Angelo P. Graham George R. Nelson).
 Aha! (Bengali: আহা!) is a 2007 Bangladeshi film directed and Written by Enamul Karim Nirjhar.Produced by Faridur Reza SagarImpress telefilms.It was the first film by Enamul Karim Nirjhar and he won the National Film Award 2007 as Best Director and other 3 categories like Best Cinematography Best Editing and Best Song [Lukochuri Lukochuri Golpo by Fahmida Nabi]. He worked with Impress telefilm for first time. It crossed over 6 Crore in one day. And 6 Crore Overseas.
 Freud also known as Freud: the Life of a Dream (1984) is a BBC television serial based on the life and times of Austrian psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud. David Suchet stars as Freud. The 6-part production is 360 minutes in duration.
 Shehnai is a 1964 Indian Hindi family drama film directed by S. D. Narang. The film stars Biswajeet Rajshree Nirupa Roy Leela Chitnis Johnny Walker Iftekhar and Asit Sen. The story was written by Gulshan Nanda with screenplay by Z. Hussain. The film's music was composed by Ravi.
 Penance is a 2009 horror film directed by Jake Kennedy. It stars Jason Connery Marieh Delfino and Michael Rooker. Horror film icon Tony Todd has a cameo role as a sinister chauffeur.
 The End of the Game is a 1975 American short documentary film directed by Robin Lehman. It won an Academy Award at the 48th Academy Awards in 1976 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Twilight in the Sierras is a 1950 American Republic Pictures film starring Roy Rogers Dale Evans Estelita Rodriguez Pat Brady George Meeker Fred Kohler Jr. and Edward Keane. The film premiered on March 22 1950.
 Kill Her Gently is a 1957 British thriller film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Griffith Jones Maureen Connell and Marc Lawrence.
 Whistle Down the Wind is a 1961 British film directed by Bryan Forbes screenplay by Keith Waterhouse and Willis Hall from the novel by Mary Hayley Bell.
 This Man Is Dangerous (U.S. The Patient Vanishes) is a 1941 British thriller film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring James Mason and Gordon McLeod. The film is based on the novel They Called Him Death by David Hume.The current status of the film is unclear. Although it is known to have been shown on British television as recently as 1987 the film was never commercially released to the VHS format of the time.
 Walkover (Polish: Walkower) is a 1965 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. It is the second feature film directed by Skolimowski.
 Off to the Revolution by a 2CV (Italian: Alla rivoluzione sulla due cavalli) is a 2001 Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Sciarra. It won the Golden Leopard at the 2001 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Portrait of a Mobster is a 1961 film directed by Joseph Pevney. It stars Vic Morrow and Leslie Parrish.
 Almighty Thor is a fantasy action film by The Asylum which premiered on the Syfy cable network on May 7 2011 and was released on DVD on May 10 2011 in the United States. The film is directed by Christopher Ray and is a mockbuster coinciding with the release of the Marvel Studios/Paramount Pictures film Thor. The film has been met with a largely negative response from critics. Inspired by Norse mythology the film follows a young version of the thunder deity Thor.
 God Made You Special is a special DVD collection of VeggieTales episodes released by Big Idea Inc.
 Drunken Master III is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lau Kar-leung and starring Andy Lau Michelle Reis Willie Chi Simon Yam Lau Kar-leung and Adam Cheng. This film was quickly produced after Director Lau and Jackie Chan fell out on the set of Drunken Master II with the style of action and Lau decided to produce a more authentic entry in the Drunken Master series.
 Klondike Fever is a 1980 Canadian adventure film based on the writings of Jack London.
 Buster is a 1988 British comedy-drama crime film based on characters and events from the Great Train Robbery (1963). It stars musician Phil Collins Julie Walters Larry Lamb and Sheila Hancock. The soundtrack featured two Phil Collins singles which eventually topped the Billboard 100 singles chart.
 The Right to Live is a 1932 British crime film made at Ealing Studios. It was directed by Albert Parker and starred Davy Burnaby Pat Paterson and Francis L. Sullivan.
 Mizhi Randilum (English: In both Eyes) is a 2003 Malayalam film written and directed by Ranjith starring Kavya Madhavan Indrajith Jagathy Sreekumar Sukumari and Revathi. Dileep makes a cameo appearance.
 Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III is the second sequel to the 1974 film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and was directed by Jeff Burr. It was released by New Line Cinema on January 12 1990. The film is both a sequel and a reboot to the previous movies as the original Sawyer family and apparently the Leatherface character died in the previous film.The film stars Kate Hodge Ken Foree William Butler and a then-unknown Viggo Mortensen.
 Big Match (Hangul: 빅매치; RR: Bigmaechi) is an upcoming South Korean action thriller film about a game programmer who designs a special game for Korea's wealthiest citizens and a martial artist who is forced to fight in the game in order to save his brother. It stars Lee Jung-jae Shin Ha-kyun and BoA.
 The Loves of Hercules is a 1960 Italian/French international co-production epic fantasy-feature film starring Jayne Mansfield and her then husband Mickey Hargitay. The film was distributed internationally as Hercules vs the Hydra.
 The Narcotics Story is a 1958 American film directed by Robert W. Larsen.The film is also known as Goofballs and Tea (American informal short title).
 Black Water is a 2007 horror-thriller film set in the mangrove seas of northern Australia. It was written and directed by Andrew Traucki and David Nerlich and stars Diana Glenn Maeve Dermody and Andy Rodoreda. The film was inspired by the true story of a crocodile attack in Australia's Northern Territory in December 2003.
 Nishabd (Devnagari: निशब्द meaning silence) is a 2007 Bollywood drama film directed by Ram Gopal Varma starring Amitabh Bachchan and Jiah Khan inspired from American Beauty and from the storyline of 1986 film Anokha Rishta starring Rajesh Khanna.
 Blended is an upcoming 2014 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Coraci and written by Ivan Menchell and Clare Sera. The film stars Adam Sandler Drew Barrymore Terry Crews Joel McHale and Wendi McLendon-Covey. It is set to be released on May 23 2014.It is the third romantic comedy collaboration between Sandler and Barrymore following The Wedding Singer and 50 First Dates. Coraci also previously directed Sandler and Barrymore in The Wedding Singer.
 The Geisha Boy is a 1958 American comedy film starring Jerry Lewis. Filmed from June 16 to August 7 1958 it was released on December 23 1958 by Paramount Pictures. This film marked the film debut of Suzanne Pleshette.
 Greystone Park is a found footage horror film written by Sean Stone and Alexander Wraith directed by Sean Stone and starring Sean Stone Alexander Wraith Antonella Lentini Oliver Stone and Bruce Payne.
 Lovely is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by B. Jaya. The film was produced by B. A. Raju and Anoop Rubens has composed music for the film. The film stars Aadi and Shanvi in lead roles. The film was a joint production between R. R. Movie Makers and RJ Cinemas. Alongside direction both editing and screenplay were also handled by B. Jaya. The Movie was released on March 30 2012 and was a Hit at the Box Office.
 Blind Intersections is a 2012 Lebanese drama film directed by Lara Saba. The film was selected as the Lebanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Goodbye Paradise is a 1983 Australian film directed by Carl Schultz. The plot centres on Queensland's Gold Coast in the early 1980s when a disgraced former cop Michael Stacey (Ray Barrett) writes a book exposing police corruption does an investigation resulting in 2 murders exposes a religious cult and watches the army begin a military coup.
 Kokoda Crescent is a 1988 Australian film about World War Two veterans who seek revenge against the drug pushers responsible for the death of one of their grandchildren.
 Here Comes the Nelsons is a 1952 American comedy film starring real-life husband and wife Ozzie and Harriet Nelson and their sons David and Ricky Nelson. The supporting cast includes Rock Hudson Sheldon Leonard Jim Backus Gale Gordon and Chubby Johnson. The film was directed by Frederick de Cordova.Here Come the Nelsons doubled as the pilot for the television series The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet.
 The Ernest Green Story is a made-for-television movie which follows the true story of Ernest Green (Morris Chestnut) and eight other African-American high-school students (dubbed the Little Rock Nine) as they embark on their historic journey to integrate Little Rock Central High School in Little Rock Arkansas in 1957.The film was developed and executive produced by Carol Ann Abrams.
 Touch is a 1997 film written and directed by Paul Schrader based on a novel by Elmore Leonard.The film which has elements of drama and black comedy stars Christopher Walken Richard Schiff Bridget Fonda Skeet Ulrich Tom Arnold Gina Gershon Lolita Davidovich Janeane Garofalo and Paul Mazursky. It was shot in Fullerton California. The soundtrack of the movie was composed and recorded by Dave Grohl and released on his Capitol Records imprint Roswell Records.
 White House Madness is a 1975 film directed by Mark L. Lester. The film is a satire of the Watergate scandal.
 Two Confessions (Hungarian: Két vallomás) is a 1957 Hungarian crime film directed by Márton Keleti. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 Three Dark Horses is the 142nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Book of Life is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated film produced by Reel FX Creative Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film is co-written and directed by Jorge Gutierrez and stars the voices of Channing Tatum Zoe Saldana Diego Luna and Christina Applegate. It is scheduled to be released on October 17 2014.
 Tarzan in Manhattan (1989) is an action adventure CBS television movie. Joe Lara portrays Tarzan and Kim Crosby appears as Jane Porter. Tony Curtis and Jan-Michael Vincent co-star. The telefilm was produced by Max A. Keller Micheline H. Keller and Gina Scheerer written by Anna Sandor and William Gough (based on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by Michael Schultz. It aired on April 15 1989.
 7 chili in 7 giorni (7 kilos in 7 days) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Verdone.
 No Problem is a 2010 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Anil Kapoor who also stars as the main character. It stars Sanjay Dutt Akshaye Khanna Sushmita Sen Paresh Rawal Kangna Ranaut Neetu Chandra and Suniel Shetty. Shooting began in July 2010. It was shot in South Africa and Mumbai. No Problem was released on 10 December 2010.
 So Long Mr. Chumps is the 53rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Beginner's Luck is a 2001 British drama film directed by James Callis and Nick Cohen and starring Julie Delpy Steven Berkoff Christopher Cazenove Fenella Fielding and Jean-Yves Berteloot.
 Caresses is a 1998 film by Ventura Pons originally titled Carícies in Catalan.
 Raja Makutam or Rajamakutam (King's Sceptre) is a 1959 Telugu film directed by veteran B. Narasimha Reddy.
 The End of Violence is a 1997 film by the German director Wim Wenders. The film's cast includes Bill Pullman Gabriel Byrne Traci Lind Rosalind Chao Andie MacDowell and Loren Dean among others. It also features a soundtrack marked with the signature sounds of Wenders regulars Jon Hassell Ry Cooder and Bono. The film was praised by a select few critics for its cinematography but performed poorly in the box office.
 Death Carries a Cane (Italian title: Passi di danza su una lama di rasoio; UK title: Maniac At Large) is a 1973 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux. The Italian title translates as Dance Steps on a Razor's Edge but the film is listed in reference books as Death Carries a Cane.
 Aku no Kyōten (悪の教典 literally Lesson of Evil) known in English as Lesson of the Evil is a 2012 Japanese slasher film directed by Takashi Miike starring Hideaki Itō. It is an adaptation of Yusuke Kishi's 2010 novel of the same name. The film contains many references to German culture such as to Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther and in the film a vinyl record with the German song about Mack the Knife written by Bertolt Brecht is played.
 The California Reich is a 1975 documentary on a group of Neo-Nazis in Los Angeles San Francisco and Tracy California USA. They are members of the National Socialist White People's Party a USA Nazi party started by George Rockwell. The film received a nomination in 1976 by the Academy Awards for best documentary.
 The Spoilers is a 1923 silent film directed by Lambert Hillyer. It is set in Nome Alaska during the 1898 Gold Rush with Milton Sills as Roy Glennister Anna Q. Nilsson as Cherry Malotte and Noah Beery Sr. as Alex McNamara. The film culminates in a saloon fistfight between Glennister and McNamara.The Spoilers was adapted to screen by Elliott J. Clawson from the 1906 Rex Beach novel of the same name.
 A Fool and His Money is a 1988 American comedy film. After losing his job a young advertising whiz decides to use his talents to make himself a fortune promoting a worthless product. Despite protests from his beautiful lover his scam starts to work. A bizarre look at love and money in the 90's.
 The Last Waltz was a concert by the rock group The Band held on American Thanksgiving Day November 25 1976 at Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. The Last Waltz was advertised as The Band's farewell concert appearance and the concert saw The Band joined by more than a dozen special guests including Paul Butterfield Bob Dylan Neil Young Emmylou Harris Ringo Starr Ronnie Hawkins Dr.
 Storytime is a short animated comedy film written directed and animated by Terry Gilliam. It is Gilliam's first film and stylistically anticipates the distinctive animations which Gilliam went on to produce for Monty Python's Flying Circus.Storytime is composed of three loosely connected animated segments.
 Riding the Bullet is a 2004 horror film directed by Mick Garris. It is an adaptation of a Stephen King novella of the same name. The movie which received a limited theatrical release was not successful in theaters earning a domestic gross of $134711.
 The Fanimatrix (full title The Fanimatrix: Run Program) is a science fiction/action fan film based on The Matrix released on the Internet on 27 September 2003 written and directed by Steven A. Davis and Rajneel Singh. It stars Steven A. Davis Farrah Lipsham Fasitua Amosa and Vaughan Beckley. Its name is a deliberate pun using the title The Animatrix and the term fan film. Hence it is a live-action fan-made version of The Animatrix.
 The Amazing Mr. Blunden is a 1972 family mystery film directed by Lionel Jeffries based on the novel The Ghosts by Antonia Barber.
 Priyatama (Matathi: प्रियतमा.... खडकाळ माळराणावर फुललेलं एक हळवं प्रीतस्वप्न.) is a 2014 Marathi film. The film is the story of Parsha and Gauri in a small village of Maharashtra in 1951 who belong to different social status and lives exactly opposite lifestyles but fall in love.Priyatama was released in theaters on 14 February 2014.
 The Big Blockade is a 1942 British black-and-white war propaganda film in the style of dramatised documentary. It is directed by Charles Frend and stars Will Hay Leslie Banks Michael Redgrave and John Mills. It was produced by Michael Balcon for Ealing Studios in collaboration with the Ministry of Economic Warfare.
 Strange Illusion is a 1945 American film noir directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. According to noir historian Spencer Selby the film is A stylish cheapie by the recognized master of stylish cheapies.
 Franz + Polina is a 2006 Russian romantic drama film set in 1943 in occupied Byelorussia. It tells the story of Franz an SS soldier who deserts and Polina a Byelorussian woman whose village is massacred.The film received several accolades including the 2007 FIPA D'Or Grand Prize.
 Abhinetri is a 1970 Hindi film produced and directed by Subodh Mukherjee. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Abhineeti Singh Nirupa Roy Nazima Asit Sen and Deb Mukherjee. The music composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal includes the song Sa Re Ga Ma Pa  by Lata Mangeshkar and Kishore Kumar besides hit Lata Mangeshkar solo O Ghata Sanwari .
 Fists and Fodder is a 1920 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 L'uomo dagli occhi di ghiaccio (internationally released as The Man with Icy Eyes) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Alberto De Martino. It was filmed in Albuquerque New Mexico. The film was referred as an unusual mixture of action thriller and giallo in Argento's style.
 Bruce Lee: The Lost Interview is an 1971 interview of Bruce Lee that aired in 1994.
 The Autumn of Pride is a 1921 British silent romance film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Nora Swinburne David Hawthorne and Mary Dibley. It was an adaptation of a novel by E. Newton Bungay.
 Richard III is a 1995 drama film adapted from William Shakespeare's play of the same name starring Ian McKellen Annette Bening Jim Broadbent Robert Downey Jr. Nigel Hawthorne Kristin Scott Thomas Maggie Smith John Wood and Dominic West.The film relocates the play's events to a fictionalized version of Britain in the 1930s.
 I Take This Woman is a 1940 American drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Spencer Tracy and Hedy Lamarr. Based on the short story A New York Cinderella by Charles MacArthur the film is about a young woman who attempted suicide in reaction to a failed love affair. The doctor who marries her attempts to get her to love him by abandoning his clinic services to the poor to become a physician to the rich so he can pay for her expensive lifestyle.
 El Ayudante (English: The Helper) is a 1971 Argentine drama film directed and written by Mario David with Bernardo Kordon. The film premiered on 25 March 1971 in Buenos Aires.
 Yajamana (Kannada: ಯಜಮಾನ) is a 2000 Kannada language film directed by Sheshadri and Radha Bharathi (who earlier directed a Tamil film Vaigasi Poranthachu). It is based on the plot of Tamil film Vanathai Pola. The film features Vishnuvardhan Prema Shashikumar and Abhijeeth and others. The film was a run away block buster hit running for a whole year in the theaters and looting the box office.
 Daimajin is a 1966 Japanese film of the Daimajin series directed by Kimiyoshi Yasuda. Its musical score is composed by Akira Ifukube. The film had a brief state-side theatrical release in 1968. Reportedly it was shown both in Japanese with English subtitles and dubbed into English. The English dubbed version was later shown on TV by American International Pictures under the title Majin the Monster of Terror.
 Undead or Alive: A Zombedy is a 2007 comedy-horror film of the Western genre. Directed by Glasgow Phillips and written by Phillips and Scott Pourroy the film stars Navi Rawat Chris Kattan and James Denton. The film was later acquired by Image Entertainment a deal that included both theatrical and home video rights.
 The Third Secret is a 1964 British drama film directed by Charles Crichton. The screenplay by Robert L. Joseph focuses on an American newscaster who investigates the mysterious death of his psychoanalyst. According to the film there are three kind of secret; the First Secret you keep from others the Second Secret you keep from friends and the Third Secret you keep from yourself.
 Alfred the Great is a 1969 epic film which portrayed Alfred the Great's struggle to rid Wessex of the invading Danes in the 870s AD. It starred David Hemmings in the title role.
 Elf Bowling is a computer game developed by NStorm and released in 1998. In the game the player as Santa Claus attempts to knock down elves who are arranged like bowling pins. A later release of the game on Nintendo handheld consoles Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance was universally panned by critics.
 Anjaam (Hindi: अंजाम Urdu: انجام English: Consequence) is a Bollywood thriller drama movie released on 22 April 1994. Directed by Rahul Rawail it stars Madhuri Dixit Shahrukh Khan Deepak Tijori Himani Shivpuri Tinnu Anand Kalpana Iyer and Kiran Kumar. The film's music was composed by Anand-Milind with lyrics written by Sameer. The film is about the consequence / result (Anjaam) of the slightest mistake and how it can ruin your whole life.
 This Divided State is a documentary by first-time filmmaker Steven Greenstreet that details the conflict that erupted at Utah Valley State College now called Utah Valley University when controversial figure Michael Moore was scheduled to come speak on campus shortly before the 2004 presidential election.
 Blackbirds is a lost 1920 silent film crime drama produced and distributed by Realart Pictures an affiliate of Paramount. It is based on a 1913 Broadway play Blackbirds by Harry James Smith. A previous 1915 version starred Laura Hope Crews who starred in the play. This version stars beautiful but unknown Justine Johnstone and William Stage Boyd.
 Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson. The screenplay by Hilary Henkin and David Mamet was loosely adapted from Larry Beinhart's novel American Hero. The film stars Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro with Anne Heche Denis Leary and William H. Macy in supporting roles.Just days before a presidential election a Washington D.C.
 Witchcraft VIII: Salem's Ghost (also known as Salem's Ghost: Witchcraft) is the eighth film in the Witchcraft horror film series. This film is a major departure from the first seven films. Rather than reviving the Will Spanner character (who died in Witchcraft VII: Judgement Hour but was brought back from the dead in Witchcraft IX: Bitter Flesh) Vista Street chose to make a stand alone chapter of the series which would spawn a saga revolved around Salem's Ghost.
 Boss of Bullion City is a 1940 Western film starring Johnny Mack Brown. Maria Montez appears as the female lead. It was the first time she played a leading role and was the only one of her film roles where she speaks some Spanish.
 Tales of the City is a 1993 television miniseries based on the first of the Tales of the City series of novels by Armistead Maupin.To date the first three books have been adapted into television miniseries; the first Tales of the City was produced by the UK's Channel 4 and was first screened in the UK in 1993 then shown on PBS in the US in January 1994.
 Atomic Dog is an 1998 sci-fi horror film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Daniel Hugh Kelly and Cindy Pinkett. The story tells of a dog who after being exposed to radiation begins the search to identify himself with a pack.
 Laila Majnu is a Telugu film that released on 1 October 1949 starring A. Nageswara Rao and P. Bhanumathi. It was originally produced in Telugu and was dubbed in Tamil by Bharani Pictures. The film was a box office hit and is considered one of the best film adaptations of the classic Sufi legend of Laila and Majnu.
 La folie du doute is a 1920 French silent film directed by René Leprince.
 In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies is a documentary film examining the Gacaca justice process in the aftermath of the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. Directed by Anne Aghion and produced by Gacaca Productions this 2004 film won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Informational Programming. Filmed in Rwanda the language of In Rwanda is Kinyarwanda with English subtitles.
 Innocence of Lizette is a 1916 American silent comedy-drama film directed by James Kirkwood. It was one of the few films of Mary Miles Minter which survived. The film was restored in the Netherlands in 2004. and is shown in several European film festivals.
 Nightmare at Bittercreek is a 1988 film directed by Tim Burstall.Phoenix Entertainment Group and Swanton Films produced the film. The VHS version was distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment [1] while the DVD version was distributed by Trinity Home Entertainment [2].The film is about a group of women on a hiking trip who are chased by deadly racist survivalists.
 Bright and Early is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Kappal Muthalaali(English translation: The Ship Owner) is a 2009 Malayalam film by Thaha starring a popular TV presenter and comedy artist Ramesh Pisharody in title role and new face Sarayu as lead actress.
 Going the Distance is a 2004 Canadian teen/comedy film directed by Mark Griffiths and written by Eric Goodman and Kelly Senecal. A road movie set across Canada its tagline was They came. They saw. They came. The film was released in Canada as Going the Distance but for American release the film's title was expanded to National Lampoon's Going the Distance.
 Passed Away is an American ensemble comedy film from 1992.
 It's a Bet is a 1935 British black-and-white comedy-drama film directed by Alexander Esway and starring Ronald Shiner as Fair the Man. It was produced by British International Pictures.
 Go Tigers! is a documentary film created about the Tigers of Massillon Ohio. This full-length video informs the viewer about the football team the city and its rivalry against the Canton McKinley High School Bulldogs. The film follows the team during the 1999 regular season. It features the players and mainly the co-captains and follows them around the whole school years and tells all their stories.
 Hercules in New York is a 1969 low-budget fantasy adventure film. It is notable for being the first feature film to star Arnold Schwarzenegger who was about 22 years old when the film was produced. However it is one of the films that Schwarzenegger admits regretting having appeared in.
 Hats Off is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jyll Johnstone. It screened at the Telluride Film Festival and the Palm Springs International Film Festival as well as on Sveriges Television in Sweden.Hats Off tells the story of actress and model Mimi Weddell who at the age of 93 still enjoys a successful career in New York City. The film centers around Mimi's day-to-day life focusing on her exuberant personality and relationship with her children.
 Weiße Wölfe is an East German film. It was released in 1969 and sold 4601516 tickets.
 Intruder in the Dust is a 1949 crime drama film produced and directed by Clarence Brown and starring David Brian and Claude Jarman Jr. The film is based on the novel Intruder in the Dust by William Faulkner.
 Jaan Hatheli Pe is a 1987 Bollywood film directed by Raghunath Jhalani. It stars Dharmendra Jeetendra Raj Babbar Rekha and Hema Malini.
 O Filme dos Espíritos is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Michel Dubret and André Marouço based on the book The Spirits Book by Allan Kardec. The film was released in Brazil on October 7 2011 in celebration of the birthday month of Kardec.
 Work Experience is a 1989 short comedy film directed by James Hendrie. It won an Academy Award in 1990 for Best Short Subject.
 Out California Way is a 1946 American Trucolor film starring Monte Hale and Roy Rogers.
 Padaharella Vayasu (Telugu: పదహారేళ్ళ వయసు) is a 1978 Telugu film starring Sridevi Kapoor Chandra Mohan and Mohan Babu. Directed by K. Raghavendra Rao it is a remake of the Tamil Super hit 16 Vayathinile (1977) which starred Kamal Hassan Rajinikanth and Sridevi.
 Class of 1999 is a 1990 American science fiction film directed by Mark L. Lester. It is the director's follow-up to his 1982 film Class of 1984.
 Madhuranombarakattu is a 2000 Malayalam language film directed by Kamal starring Biju Menon and Samyuktha Varma in the lead roles. It won the Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Film.
 The Monkey's Paw is a 2013 horror film based on the short story of the same name by author W. W. Jacobs. The film revolves around Jake Tilton who receives a mysterious monkey's paw talisman which grants him three wishes. The film was directed by Brett Simmons and was written by Macon Blair. The film was produced by Ross Otterman for TMP Films and is a Chiller films presentation. The film was released in theaters and video on demand on October 8 2013.
 The Wetback Hound is a 1957 American short family film produced by Larry Lansburgh. It won an Academy Award in 1958 for Best Short Subject.
 Sartana the Gravedigger (Italian: Sono Sartana il vostro becchino and also known as I Am Sartana Your Angel of Death) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo and starring Gianni Garko. The film is presented on some DVD reissues under its German title Sartana - Töten war sein täglich Brot.
 Copper Canyon is a 1950 American western film directed by John Farrow and starring Ray Milland and Hedy Lamarr.
 Wild Search (伴我闖天涯) is a 1989 Hong Kong film directed by Ringo Lam. The film is a pseudo-remake of the 1984 film Witness. It deals with Hong Kong (city) cops and Mainland criminals.
 The Mystery of the Hansom Cab is an Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln based on the popular novel which had also been adapted into a play.It was the first Australian feature film to have a predominantly urban setting.
 The Incredible Machine is a 1975 American documentary film directed by Irwin Rosten and Ed Spiegel. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. E. G. Marshall narrated the film which was produced by Rosten together with Dennis B.
 I kantonnement is a 1932 Danish silent comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.. It features the acting debut of Poul Reichhardt.
 Jabardasth is a Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by Nandini Reddy under the banner of Sri Sai Ganesh Productions. It stars Siddharth and Samantha in the lead roles and Nithya Menen in an important role. The film released on 22 February 2013 with a U/A Certificate from the Censor Board and was commercially successful at the box office. The film is an unofficial remake of 2011 Hindi film Band Baaja Baaraat.
 Fat Pizza is an Australian film based upon the stories and characters of the Pizza television series created by Paul Fenech. It was released by Village Roadshow Pictures and made $7888102 at the Australian box office (as of May 2003).All the characters that appeared in the television series appeared in the movie however it was the last appearance of Sleek the Elite in the franchise.
 Chithramela is a 1967 Malayalam anthology film directed and produced by T .S. Muthiah. It was Malayalam cinema's first anthology film consisting of three short films. The cast includes Prem Nazir Sharada Sheela K. P. Ummer Kottayam Chellappan S. P. Pillai Adoor Bhasi Bahadoor and Manavalan Joseph.
 Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na (translation: Whether you know... or not) is a 2008 Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Abbas Tyrewala. The film stars Imran Khan and Genelia D'Souza in pivotal roles. Produced by Mansoor Khan Aamir Khan Ajay Bijli and Sanjeev Bijli it marks the directional debut of Abbas Tyrewala the debut of Imran Khan (Aamir Khan's nephew) Nirav Mehta and Prateik Babbar as actors and the re-appearance of D'Souza in Hindi cinema.
 Female on the Beach is a 1955 feature film starring Joan Crawford and Jeff Chandler in a story about a widow and her beach bum lover. The screenplay by Robert Hill and Richard Alan Simmons was based on the play The Besieged Heart by Robert Hill. The film was directed by Joseph Pevney and produced by Albert Zugsmith.
 Invitation au voyage is a 1982 French drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival where it won the prize for the Best Artistic Contribution.
 The Killers is a 1946 American film noir directed by Robert Siodmak and based in part on the short story of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. The film stars Burt Lancaster in his film debut Ava Gardner Edmond O'Brien and Sam Levene. The film also features William Conrad in his first credited role as one of the titular killers.
 Scandal at Scourie is an American drama movie released in 1953 and starring Greer Garson Walter Pidgeon above the title and co-starring Donna Corcoran.
 Cut Bank is an upcoming American thriller film directed by Matt Shakman and written by Roberto Patino. The film stars Liam Hemsworth Billy Bob Thornton John Malkovich Teresa Palmer and Michael Stuhlbarg.
 Patalghar (Bengali: পাতাল ঘর The Underground Chamber ) is a Bengali science fiction film based on the story of same name by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay and directed by Abhijit Chaudhuri.
 Outbreak is a 1995 American medical disaster film directed by Wolfgang Petersen. The film stars Dustin Hoffman Rene Russo and Morgan Freeman and co-stars Cuba Gooding Jr. Kevin Spacey Donald Sutherland and Patrick Dempsey.The film focuses on an outbreak of a fictional Ebola-like virus called Motaba in Zaire and later in a small town in the United States. Its primary settings are government disease control centers USAMRIID and the CDC and the fictional town of Cedar Creek California.
 Sivaji is a 2007 Indian Tamil action thriller film directed by Shankar and produced by AVM Productions. Rajinikanth and Shriya Saran played the lead roles with Suman Vivek and Raghuvaran playing other significant roles in the film. Actress Nayantara too made a special appearance. A. R. Rahman composed the film's successful soundtrack and background music while Thotta Tharani and K. V.
 Rojavanam (English: Rose Garden) is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Selva. The film stars Karthik Laila and Malavika in the lead roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Bharadwaj. The film was declared an average film by critics.
 Villan is a 2002 Tamil film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy. The film stars Ajith Kumar in a dual role while Meena and Kiran play female leads. Sujatha Fesi Vijayan Karunaas and Ramesh Khanna appear in other significant roles while Vidyasagar composed the score and soundtrack for the film.
 Nana 2 is the sequel to the Japanese movie Nana an adaptation of the manga by Ai Yazawa directed by Kentarô Ôtani. Production for the movie began in mid-September and only one and a half month shootings finished the movie in time for the December 9 2006 release.
 La giusta distanza (internationally released as The Right Distance) is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Mazzacurati.It entered the competition at the second Rome Film Festival. The film was later awarded with a Nastro d'argento for best script; it was also nominated for several David di Donatello awards including categories for best film and best actress.
 Pigsy Eats Watermelon (Chinese: 猪八戒吃西瓜) is a chinese animation produced at the Shanghai Animation Film Studio by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan. It is also referred to as Mr. Pig Eats Watermelon or Zhu Bajie Eats Watermelon.
 Thottilla is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 The House of Branching Love (Finnish: Haarautuvan rakkauden talo) is a 2009 Finnish comedy-drama film directed by Mika Kaurismäki. It is based on the novel Haarautuvan rakkauden talo by Petri Karra. The film is about a married couple going through a divorce.
 An Evening with Orson Welles is a series of six short films created in 1970 by Orson Welles for the exclusive use of Sears Roebuck & Co. Welles produced the recitations of popular stories for Sears's Avco Cartrivision machines a pioneering home video system. Five of the films are regarded as lost; footage from one The Golden Honeymoon is known to exist.
 I Am Joaquin is a 1969 short film by Luis Valdez a project of his El Teatro Campesino. It is based on the poem I Am Joaquin by Rodolfo Corky Gonzáles a key text of the Chicano movement. In 2010 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Pyaara Dushman is a 1980 Bollywood Hindi movie. Produced by Subhash Sagar it is directed by Anand Sagar. The film stars Vidya Sinha Yogeeta Bali Sarika Amjad Khan Vinod Mehra and Rakesh Roshan. The film's music is by Bappi Lahiri who composed a couple of popular songs like 'ek dhoondho milte hain hazaaron' 'hari om hari'.This film is also known to have starred the popular singer Sonu Niigaam as a child artist.
 Vennila Veedu (Tamil: வெண்நிலா வீடு; English: Vennila's House) is an upcoming Indian Tamil family drama film written and directed by Vetri Mahalingam. Produced by P. V. Arun the film stars Mirchi Senthil and Vijayalakshmi in the lead. Cinematography is by D. Kannan editing by V. J. Sabu Joseph while the soundtrack is scored by Dhanraj Manickam.
 The Scent (Hangul: 간통을 기다리는 남자; RR: Gantongeul Gidarineun Namja; MR: Kant'ongŭl Kidarinŭn Namcha; lit. Man Who Waits for Adultery; also shortened to Hangul: 간기남; RR: Gan-gi-nam) is a 2012 South Korean comedy-thriller film starring Park Hee-soon and Park Si-yeon.Kang Seon-woo is a detective specializing in adultery cases. One day he investigates the scene of an incident only to find two dead bodies. The only witness is Kim Soo-jin the dead man's wife.
 Mieux vaut mal vivre que mourir is a 2006 documentary film.
 Bhalobasha Aaj Kal (Bengali: ভালোবাসা আজকাল) is a Dhallywood romantic comedy film directed by P A Kajol and produced by Jaaz Multimedia. The film features Shakib Khan and Mahiya Mahi in lead roles. It is the first collaboration between Khan and Jaaz Multimedia and the first between Khan and Mahiya Mahi. Filming began on 2 February 2013 and was wrapped up by June 2013. The film was released on Eid al-Fitr on 9 August 2013.
 The Devil's Game (Hangul: 더 게임; RR: Deo Geim) is a 2008 South Korean film.
 The Awakening is a 2011 British horror film directed and co-written by Nick Murphy starring Rebecca Hall Dominic West Isaac Hempstead-Wright and Imelda Staunton.
 Able Edwards is a 2004 film directed by Graham Robertson. Able Edwards follows the clone of a Walt Disneyesque entertainment mogul created to revive the glory days of his deceased predecessor's corporation. In the process of restoring reality entertainment to a synthetic virtual world the clone realizes he has yet to live as his own man.
 The Revolt of Mamie Stover (1956) is a romantic drama film made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Buddy Adler from a screenplay by Sydney Boehm based on the novel of the same name by William Bradford Huie.The film stars Jane Russell and Richard Egan with Joan Leslie Agnes Moorehead and Michael Pate.
 Když struny lkají is a 1930 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Friedrich Feher.
 Enakku 20 Unakku 18 (Tamil: எனக்கு 20 உனக்கு 18; English: I am 20 You are 18) is a 2003 Tamil romantic film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna. The film stars Tarun Shriya Saran and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while Vivek and Manivannan play other pivotal roles. The film was also simultaneously shot and released in Telugu with a slightly different cast as Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Norman Rockwell's World... An American Dream is a 1972 short documentary film directed by Robert Deubel. It won an Academy Award in 1973 for Best Short Subject.
 Due cuori una cappella is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.
 Masquerade is a 1965 British comedy thriller film directed by Basil Dearden based on the 1954 novel Castle Minerva by Victor Canning. It stars Cliff Robertson and Jack Hawkinsand was filmed in Spain.
 City of Men (Portuguese: Cidade dos Homens ) is a 2007 Brazilian drama film directed by Paulo Morelli. The screenplay was written by Elena Soarez based on a story by Morelli and Soarez. It is a film version of the popular TV series City of Men that ran for four seasons in Brazil and which followed the international success of the film City of God (2002).
 Münchhausen is a 1943 fantasy comedy film directed by Josef von Báky a prominent director who remained in Germany under the national socialist regime. Science fiction author David Wingrove has commented that this work sidesteps immediate political issues whilst conjuring up marvellous visual images of an ageless pastoral Germany.
 Phoenix is a 2006 film by American director Michael Akers his third feature film after Gone But Not Forgotten (2003) and Matrimonium (2005). The film was produced by Sandon Berg with Israel Ehrisman as co-producer and starred Chad Edward Bartley as Dylan Gaetano Jones as Kenneth Sparks and Jeff Castle as Demetrius Stone. The film was distributed by United Gay Network. This film was inspired by Michaelangelo Antonioni's film L'Avventura and obviously adds a gay twist.
 The Cohens and the Kellys in Paris is a 1928 film. It was the first sequel to The Cohens and the Kellys.It was an early production of Edward Small.
 Smiley Gets a Gun is a 1958 Australian film that is the sequel to the 1956 film Smiley.
 Kelly's Heroes is a 1970 war comedy film directed by Brian G. Hutton about a group of World War II soldiers who go AWOL to rob a bank behind enemy lines. The film stars Clint Eastwood Telly Savalas Don Rickles Carroll O'Connor and Donald Sutherland with secondary roles played by Harry Dean Stanton Gavin MacLeod and Stuart Margolin. The screenplay was written by British film and television writer Troy Kennedy Martin.
 Walk Like a Man full title Walk Like a Man: A Real Life Drama About Blood Sweat & Queers is a 2008 Australian documentary film about gay rugby union co-produced and co-directed by Patricia Zagarella and Jim Morgison and narrated by Australian former rugby league international Ian Roberts.
 The Land (Hangul: 토지; RR: Toji) is a 1974 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo-yong. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 The Blue Danube (German:An der schönen blauen Donau) is a 1926 German silent romance film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Harry Liedtke Lya Mara and Hans Junkermann. The film has been described as a paean to Austria. The art direction was by Andrej Andrejew and Jacek Rotmil.
 Birdemic: Shock and Terror (often shortened to Birdemic) is a 2008 American independent romantic horror film written directed and produced by James Nguyen. The film stars Alan Bagh and Whitney Moore.
 Las Venganzas de Beto Sánchez is a 1973 Argentine film.
 LSD 25 is a 2000 short documentary by directors Doug Karr and Walter Forsyth.
 Sri Rambantu is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 The Bit Part is a 1987 Australian comedy starring Chris Haywood as an aspiring actor. Nicole Kidman appears as a fellow actor.The movie never achieved theatrical release and went straight to television.
 The Third Eye is a 1929 British silent crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Dorothy Seacombe Ian Harding and Hayford Hobbs. As part of a plan to rob banks a financier insists on installing new television technology in several branches.
 Wishcraft is a 2002 horror film about a teenager who receives a talisman that gives him three wishes. It stars Michael Weston and Alexandra Holden.
 Damals in Paris is an East German film directed by Carl Balhaus. It was released in 1956.
 Ambikapathy (also spelled as Ambikapathi) is a 1937 Tamil film directed by American film director Ellis R. Dungan. It starred M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar M. R. Santhanalakshmi Serugulathur Sama T. S. Balaiya N. S. Krishnan T. A. Madhuram and P. G. Venkatesan. Ambikapathy is regarded as one of the greatest hits of pre-independence Tamil cinema. Ambikapathy along with Chintamani were the greatest hits of 1937 and made critics regard him as the first superstar of Tamil cinema.
 Murder in Peyton Place is a 1977 television film directed by Bruce Kessler. The film is based on the TV series Peyton Place which aired from 1964 to 1969 and it was billed as a reunion movie. It first aired on NBC Monday Night at the Movies on October 3 1977. It focuses on the mysterious deaths of Rodney Harrington and Allison MacKenzie as well as a diabolical plot of a powerful person to ruin the community.
 Andaz Apna Apna (translation: Every One has their own style) is a 1994 Indian Hindi comedy film directed by Rajkumar Santoshi starring Aamir khan Salman Khan Raveena Tandon Karisma Kapoor and Paresh Rawal in the lead roles. Govinda and Juhi Chawla make guest appearances.The film was released on 11 April 1994. Even though the movie was an average grosser when it released it has since gained a strong cult following over the years.
 Nasbandi is a 1978 Bollywood comedy film directed by I. S. Johar. It is a satire on the sterilization drive of the government of India: each of the characters is trying to find sterilization cases.The film was banned after its released due to its portrayal of the Indira Gandhi government. Later however the film achieved cult popularity via home video and satellite broadcast (the ban was lifted after the change of regime).
 Cardcaptor Sakura: The Movie (劇場版カードキャプターさくら Gekijōban Kādokyaputā Sakura) is a Japanese anime film directed by Morio Asaka and produced by Madhouse and Bandai Visual. The film is based on the anime TV series adaptation of Clamp's Cardcaptor Sakura manga series. Written by Nanase Ohkawa Clamp's head writer it was released in Japanese theaters on August 21 1999. It won the Feature Film Award at the 1999 Animation Kobe.
 Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (English: Darling Would You Like To Eat a Laddu?) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Manikandan. It stars Santhanam Srinivasan Sethu and Vishakha Singh. The film marked Santhanam's venture into film production with his Handmade Films. The film was co-produced by Rama Narayanan while S. Thaman scored the film soundtrack. The plot revolves around three friends who fall for the same girl who has just moved into their neighborhood.
 A Place for Lovers (Italian: Amanti) is a 1968 romantic film directed by Vittorio De Sica and based on the play Gli Amanti by Brunello Rondi and Renaldo Cabieri.
 Willie Dynamite is a 1974 blaxploitation film starring Roscoe Orman Diana Sands Thalmus Rasulala and Joyce Walker.The eponymous Willie Dynamite is a pimp in New York City who strives to be number one in the city.As he is trying to do so a social worker named Cora is trying to change his ways - as well as those of the women who work for him - for the better.It was the first film produced by the Zanuck-Brown Company.
 The Earth Dies Screaming is a 1965 British science fiction film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Willard Parker Virginia Field Dennis Price Vanda Godsell Thorley Walters David Spenser and Anna Palk.
 Bran Nue Dae is a feature film adaptation of 1990 musical Bran Nue Dae by Jimmy Chi. It was theatrically released in Australia on 14 January 2010.
 Rapsodia Bałtyku is a Polish melodrama film from 1935 directed by Leonard Buczkowski. It is the story about two friends Adam and Zygmunt serving in the floatplanes escadrille of the Polish Navy. Screenplay – Konrad Tom Dialogs – Jan Adolf Hertz Scenography – Jacek Rotmil Stefan Norris Music – Tadeusz Górzyński Text of the songs – Jerzy Jurandot
 Don Camillo in Moscow (Italian: Il compagno Don Camillo Comrade Don Camillo) is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini. It's the fifth and penultimate film in the Don Camillo series.
 Dying to Live: The Journey into a Man's Open Heart is a documentary film by actor and filmmaker Ben Mittleman. The film is based on his experiences through open heart surgery while caring for his wife and his mother as they struggle with life-threatening illnesses.
 Flame of the Islands is a 1956 drama film about a café singer played by Yvonne De Carlo who buys into a casino encountering multiple men who quickly fall in love with her and her attempt to find true love and happiness.
 'Gator Bait II: Cajun Justice is a 1988 sequel to the 1974 thriller film 'Gator Bait written produced and directed by Beverly Sebastion and Ferd Sebastion. Largely ignored upon release the film received a second life on cable television and on home video.
 Adavi Ramudu is a 2004 film which was directed by B. Gopal. Prabhas played the lead role while Aarti Agarwal was in a supporting role. The title of the movie was taken from a 1970's Telugu film Adavi Ramudu starring N.T.Rama Rao Jayaprada and Jayasudha which had a similar storyline. The movie features the love story between a tribal youth and his childhood sweetheart. This was Prabhas' next movie immediately after the success of Varsham.
 The Vicious Circle is a 1948 American drama film directed by W. Lee Wilder and based on the play The Burning Bush by Heinz Herald and Geza Herczeg.The film is also known as Woman in Brown.
 The Last King of Scotland is a 2006 British drama film based on Giles Foden's novel of the same name adapted by screenwriters Peter Morgan and Jeremy Brock and directed by Kevin MacDonald. The film was a co-production between companies from the United Kingdom and the United States including Fox Searchlight Pictures and Film4.The Last King of Scotland tells the fictional story of Dr.
 Killer's Paradise is a 2007 documentary exploring the high murder rate of women that has persisted unsolved in Guatemala since the end of the Guatemalan Civil War. The film is a co-production of the National Film Board of Canada and the BBC and was directed by Toronto-based journalist and filmmaker Giselle Portenier. It premiered on 8 March 2007 in Toronto and has been broadcast on multiple channels around the world including DOC: The Documentary Channel in the United States.
 The Rain People is a 1969 film by Francis Ford Coppola. Alongside Shirley Knight leading players are James Caan and Robert Duvall both of whom would later work with Coppola in The Godfather. Future film director and Coppola friend George Lucas worked as an aide on this film and made a short documentary film Filmmaker about the making of it. The film also won the Golden Shell at the 1969 San Sebastian Film Festival.
 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning is a 2006 American slasher film that functions as a prequel to the 2003 remake The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Directed by Jonathan Liebesman and co-produced by Kim Henkel and Tobe Hooper (co-creators of the original 1974 film) the film went into release in North America on October 6 2006. The film's story takes place four years before the timeline of the 2003 remake. It stars Jordana Brewster Diora Baird Taylor Handley Matt Bomer and R.
 Ladies Only is a 1997 unreleased Hindi language Indian feature film directed by Dinesh Shailendra starring Randhir Kapoor Seema Biswas Shilpa Shirodkar Heera Rajagopal and Kamal Haasan in guest appearance as a dead body. The film is a remake of his own Tamil language hit Magalir Mattum.
 Bread and Roses (German: Brot und Rosen) is a 1967 East German drama film directed by Heinz Thiel and Horst E. Brandt. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Freedom Writers is a 2007 drama film starring Hilary Swank Scott Glenn Imelda Staunton and Patrick Dempsey. It is based on the book The Freedom Writers Diary by teacher Erin Gruwell who wrote the story based on Woodrow Wilson Classical High School in Eastside Long Beach California. The title is a play on the term Freedom Riders referring to the multiracial civil rights activists who tested the U.S.
 Forbidden Island is a 1959 film directed by Charles B. Griffith. It was his debut as director although he had directed second unit on Attack of the Crab Monsters.
 Naked Campus is a 1982 drama film directed Robert E. Morris and starring Peter Knight Silander and Robert Dryer.It looks into the aspects and views of a small group of students as they come across various life issues.
 Seaview is a 2008 documentary film directed by Nicky Gogan and Paul Rowley. The film chronicles the lives of a group of asylum seekers living in the former Butlin's Holiday Camp at Mosney Ireland. The film takes an innovative approach to the use to sound and image in telling the stories of the Mosney residents.
 Crimes of the Past also known as The Spy and the Sparrow is a 2009 thriller film starring David Rasche and Eric Roberts.
 Silent Movie is a 1976 satirical comedy film co-written directed by and starring Mel Brooks and released by 20th Century Fox on June 17 1976. The ensemble cast includes Dom DeLuise Marty Feldman Bernadette Peters and Sid Caesar with appearances by Anne Bancroft Liza Minnelli Burt Reynolds James Caan Marcel Marceau and Paul Newman playing themselves.
 Black Legion is a 1937 American melodrama film directed by Archie Mayo with a script by Abem Finkel and William Wister Haines based on an original story by producer Robert Lord. The film stars Humphrey Bogart Dick Foran Erin O'Brien-Moore and Ann Sheridan and is a fictionalized story about the real-life Black Legion of the 1930s. It was inspired by the May 1935 murder in Michigan of Charles Poole a Works Progress Administration worker.
 Smooth Talk is a 1985 drama film loosely based on Joyce Carol Oates' 1966 short story Where Are You Going Where Have You Been? which was in turn inspired by the Tucson murders committed by Charles Schmid. The protagonist and main character Connie Wyatt is played by Laura Dern. The antagonist Arnold Friend is played by Treat Williams.The film was produced by American Playhouse and Goldcrest Films and originally released to movie theaters in 1985.
 Best Worst Movie is an American documentary film about making the 1990 horror film Troll 2 and its subsequent recent resurgence as a cult film. Directed by Michael Stephenson the child star of Troll 2 the film debuted March 14 2009. Best Worst Movie was released on DVD on November 16 2010 distributed by New Video Group and can currently be seen on Epix Drive-In.
 Oor Mariyadhai is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Sarath Kumar Sasikala Napoleon and Anand in lead roles. The film produced by R. B. Choudary had musical score by Deva and was released on 1 May 1992.
 Orange is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Biju Varkey who had earlier directed films like Devadasi Chandranilekkulla Vazhi and Phantom.
 Ręce do góry (known in its subitled English version as Hands Up!) is a Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. It is the fourth of a series of semi-autobiographical films in which Skolimowski himself plays his alter ego Andrzej Leszczyc.The film was originally made in 1967 in monochrome.
 Forget Us Not is a feature-length documentary film by Heather Connell which follows the stories of some of the 5 million non-Jewish Holocaust survivors including artist Ceija Stojka and is narrated by actor Ron Perlman. The film will premiere at the Columbia Gorge International Film Festival in Vancouver WA August 14th-18th.
 Ideachi Kalpana is a Marathi film released on 31 December 2010. Produced and directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar. The movie is a laughter riot revolving around a lie a lawyer who begins the lie and a whole bunch of people who wants answers.
 The House of a Thousand Candles is a 1936 American film.
 PCU is a 1994 American comedy film written by Adam Leff and Zak Penn and directed by Hart Bochner about college life at the fictional Port Chester University and represents an exaggerated view of contemporary college life.... The film is based on the experiences of Leff and Penn at Wesleyan University in Middletown Connecticut.
 Dhanwan (translation: Wealthy) is a 1993 Indian romance film directed by K. Vishwanath.
 The Golden Web is a 1926 American drama film directed by Walter Lang and featuring Boris Karloff.
 The Soong Sisters is a 1997 Hong Kong historical drama film based on the lives of the Soong sisters from 1911 to 1949. The sisters married the most important historical figures—Sun Yat-sen Chiang Kai-shek and K'ung Hsiang-hsi—in the founding of the Republic of China making their family the focal point of every major decision made in modern Chinese history. Directed by Mabel Cheung the film starred Maggie Cheung Michelle Yeoh and Vivian Wu as the sisters.
 No Man's Law is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy as a lustful villain. The film includes a scene featuring Barbara Kent appearing to swim in the nude but actually wearing a flesh-colored moleskin bathing suit.
 Before the Winter Chill (French: Avant l'hiver) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Philippe Claudel.
 All Men Are Mortal is a film based on the novel All Men are Mortal by Simone de Beauvoir. It was directed by Ate de Jong and released in 1995.Tagline: She longed to be remembered... by a man who wanted to forget.
 Percy Gets a Job is a 1912 Australian comedy short film starring W.S. Percy Australia's greatest comedian.It is of historical note being one of the first Australian comedy short film. It was also known as Percy at the Lawyers and was released with another local short Toggle Won't Go to School.
 City War is a 1988 Hong Kong crime action film directed by Suen Chung and starring Chow Yun-fat and Ti Lung in their third collaboration after A Better Tomorrow 1 and 2.
 Shadow of the Earth (Arabic: Dhil al ardh‎) is a 1982 Tunisian drama film directed by Taieb Louhichi. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Final Destination 5 is a 2011 American horror film written by Eric Heisserer and directed by Steven Quale. It is the fifth installment of the Final Destination franchise. It stars Nicholas D'Agosto Emma Bell Miles Fisher Arlen Escarpeta and David Koechner.The film's world premiere was August 4 2011 at the Fantasia Festival in Montréal Canada. It was later on released in RealD 3D and digital IMAX 3D. This movie also received the best critical reception in the franchise.
 Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 British-German romantic drama vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch starring Tom Hiddleston Tilda Swinton Mia Wasikowska John Hurt and Jeffrey Wright. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 They Bought a Boat is a 1914 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Falling Down is a 1993 crime drama film directed by Joel Schumacher and written by Ebbe Roe Smith. The film stars Michael Douglas in the lead role of William Foster a divorcé and unemployed former defense engineer. The film centers on Foster as he goes on a violent rampage across the city of Los Angeles trying to reach the house of his estranged ex-wife in time for his daughter's birthday party.
 The Stolen Treaty is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 I Am Dina is a 2002 Swedish-Norwegian-Danish film directed by Ole Bornedal. It is based on the 1989 book Dinas bok (Dina's Book) by Herbjørg Wassmo. The movie was one of the most high-profile in Norwegian movie history.
 Woman Who Came Back is a 1945 horror film about an offbeat woman (Nancy Kelly) who becomes convinced that she's a witch a conclusion which eventually leads to mass hysteria in the town to which she has recently returned. It was one of six films directed by Walter Colmes.
 In Old Kentucky is a 1927 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by John M. Stahl. The film was based on the popular 1893 play of the same name by Charles T. Dazey and stars Helene Costello and James Murray. In Old Kentucky also features an early performance by Lincoln Perry who later became known as Stepin Fetchit.
 Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega (English: Every Heart That Loves) is a 2000 Bollywood film directed by Raj Kanwar. The film stars Salman Khan Preity Zinta and Rani Mukerji with a special appearance by Shahrukh Khan. It was highly praised by the critics and was the third hit in a row by Salman Khan-Sajid Nadiadwala (producer) collaboration. The film is a remake of 1997 Malayalam film Chandralekha and its plot is inspired by 1995 Hollywood film While You Were Sleeping starring Sandra Bullock.
 The Yearling is a 1946 Technicolor family film drama made by MGM. It was directed by Clarence Brown and produced by Sidney Franklin. The screenplay by Paul Osborn and John Lee Mahin (uncredited) was adapted from Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings's novel of the same name. It tells the story of a boy who adopts a fawn as a pet and stars Gregory Peck Jane Wyman Claude Jarman Jr. Chill Wills and Forrest Tucker.
 Fire Fighters is a 1922 silent short film the second entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. Directed by Robert F. McGowan and Tom McNamara the two-reel short was released to theaters in October 1922 by Pathé.
 The Voice of the Moon (Italian: La voce della luna) is a 1990 Italian dramatic comedy film directed by Federico Fellini and starring Roberto Benigni Paolo Villaggio and Nadia Ottaviani. Returning to themes he first explored in La strada (1954) Fellini crafts a parable on the whisperings of the soul that only madmen and vagabonds are capable of hearing.
 InuYasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time (映画犬夜叉 時代を越える想い Eiga Inuyasha: Toki o Koeru Omoi) is a 2001 anime film directed by Toshiya Shinohara and written by Katsuyuki Sumisawa.
 The Deputy Drummer is a 1935 British musical film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Lane Jean Denis and Kathleen Kelly.
 Ten Canoes is a 2006 Australian film directed by Rolf de Heer and Peter Djigirr and starring Crusoe Kurddal. The title of the film arose from discussions between de Heer and David Gulpilil about a photograph of ten canoeists poling across the Arafura Swamp taken by anthropologist Donald Thomson in 1936. It is the first ever movie entirely filmed in Australian Aboriginal languages.
 Rats: Night of Terror (Italian: Rats - Notte di terrore  also known as Blood Kill and Rats) is an Italian post-apocalyptic thriller movie directed in 1984 by Bruno Mattei and Claudio Fragasso.
 Robert and Bertram (German: Robert und Bertram die lustigen Vagabunden) is a 1915 German silent comedy film directed by Max Mack and starring Eugen Burg Ferdinand Bonn and Ernst Lubitsch. It is based on the 1856 Gustav Räder play Robert and Bertram about the adventures of two wandering vagrants which has been turned into films on several occasions.
 The Face of Love (also known as Look of Love) is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Arie Posin and co-written by Matthew McDuffie. The film stars Robin Williams Annette Bening Ed Harris Amy Brenneman Jess Weixler and Linda Park. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 The Players Club is a 1998 comedy/drama thriller film from New Line Cinema starring Bernie Mac LisaRaye and Jamie Foxx. Ice Cube who has a small role in the film wrote and made his directorial debut. The movie was released on April 8 1998. The movie made $5894607 in its opening week. Its box office grossed total came to $23261485
 To Kill with Intrigue (Chinese: 劍花煙雨江南) is a Kung Fu 1977 Hong Kong action film directed by Lo Wei. In the movie's plot Chin Chang Yin (Feng Hsu) leads a gang known as the Killer Bees on a revenge mission to kill Cao Lei's (Jackie Chan) family. However she kills everyone but Cao Lei and falls in love with him. Jackie mentions in his book I Am Jackie Chan how much of the plot is confusing and he was sure that even the director Lo Wei didn't even know what was going on.
 Satham Podathey (English: Don't make a sound) is a 2007 Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by Shankar and Senthilnathan. It stars Prithviraj Padmapriya and Nithin Sathya in the lead roles whilst Nassar Suhasini Premji Amaren and Raaghav play cameo roles. The film which is based on a true incident has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja which received rave reviews. The film was released on 14 September 2007 to positive reviews.
 Pervert! is a 2005 comedy horror film directed by Jonathan Yudis. It is mainly tribute to the films of Russ Meyer.
 Photographer is a 2006 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Ranjan Pramod. It stars Mohanlal Master Mani Neethasree and Biju Menon in major roles. It was the directorial debut of Ranjan Pramod who has been a successful screenwriter in Malayalam cinema.
 Roll Freddy Roll! is a 1974 American TV film directed by Bill Persky.
 Footloose is a 1984 American musical-drama film directed by Herbert Ross. It tells the story of Ren McCormack (Kevin Bacon) an upbeat Chicago teen who moves to a small town in which as a result of the efforts of a local minister (John Lithgow) dancing and rock music have been banned.The film is loosely based on events that took place in the small rural and religious community of Elmore City Oklahoma.
 Wälsungenblut is a 1965 German drama film directed by Rolf Thiele based on a Thomas Mann novella of the same name. It was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival.The title refers to the ill-fated Völsung clan as told in the Völsunga saga; the roles of Siegmund and Sieglinde refer to Sigmund and Signy as depicted in Richard Wagner's opera Die Walküre.
 Cadavere a spasso is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Masi.
 Dilliwala Rajakumaran is a 1996 Malayalam film by Rajasenan starring Jayaram and Manju Warrier.
 The Sunshine Boys is a 1975 American comedy film directed by Herbert Ross and produced by Ray Stark released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon about two legendary (and cranky) comics brought together for a reunion and revival of their famous act. The cast included real-life experienced vaudevillian actor George Burns as Lewis Walter Matthau as Clark and Richard Benjamin as Ben with Lee Meredith F.
 Night Monster is a 1942 American black-and-white horror film featuring Bela Lugosi and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures Company. The movie uses an original story and screenplay by Clarence Upson Young and was produced and directed by Ford Beebe.
 Karate-Robo Zaborgar (電人ザボーガー Denjin Zabōgā) is a 2011 Japanese film directed by Noboru Iguchi. The film is a remake of the 1970s show Denjin Zaborger.
 52 Weeks Make A Year (German: 52 Wochen sind ein Jahr) is an East German film directed by Richard Groschopp. It was released in 1955.
 The Infiltrator is an American film about an Israeli freelance journalist who travels to Germany circa the early 1990s and uncovers a story about a dangerously pervasive underground Neo-Nazi faction who are intent to bring Nazism back to the forefront in Germany. It originally aired on HBO in 1995. Among its cast include: Oliver Platt Arliss Howard Tony Haygarth and Julian Glover.
 La Vérité si je mens ! (French pronunciation: ​[la.ve.ʁi.te.siʒ.mɑ̃] ; English title: Would I Lie to You?) is a 1997 French film directed by Thomas Gilou. It was followed by a sequel La Vérité si je mens ! 2 and a third movie La Vérité si je mens ! 3.
 Vlees (Meat) is a 2010 Dutch drama-thriller film directed by Victor Nieuwenhuijs and Maartje Seyferth. It follows a young blonde woman working at a butcher shop and her relationships with a butcher who sexually harasses her (which she enjoys) and her boyfriend who is involved with a murder. Vlees premiered at the 2010 International Film Festival Rotterdam.
 Million Dollar Arm is an upcoming biographical sports drama film based on the true story of baseball pitchers Rinku Singh and Dinesh Patel who were discovered by sports agent J.B. Bernstein after winning a reality show competition. The film stars Jon Hamm as Bernstein Bill Paxton as pitching coach Tom House Suraj Sharma as Singh Madhur Mittal as Patel and Alan Arkin. The film's music is composed by A.R. Rahman.
 Transparency is a 2010 film written and directed by Raul Inglis.
 Gaayam 2 is a 2010 Telugu crime film directed by Praveen Sri. The film stars Jagapathi Babu Vimala Raman Tanikella Bharani Kota Srinivasa Rao and Jeeva. The film is a sequel to the 1993 film Gaayam directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The music for the sequel is composed by Maestro Ilaiyaraaja. Vimala Raman played the female lead.
 Neythukaran is a 2002 Malayalam movie directed by debutant Priyanandanan starring Murali. The movie told the story of a weaver a supporter of E. M. S. Namboodiripad who dies the next day after his leader dies.Murali won the National Film Award for Best Actor in 2002 for his performance in this film.
 We Want Our Mummy is the 37th short subject starring American slapstick team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Night of the Comet is a 1984 horror/science fiction film written and directed by Thom Eberhardt and starring Catherine Mary Stewart Robert Beltran and Kelli Maroney.The film was voted number 10 in Bloody Disgusting's Top 10 Doomsday Horror Films in 2009.
 The Captain from Cologne (German: Der Hauptmann von Köln) is an East German film directed by Slatan Dudow. It was released in 1956.
 Jurassic World is an upcoming American science-fiction adventure film and the fourth in the Jurassic Park film series. Progress on a fourth film has endured more than a decade of development hell after the release of Jurassic Park III in 2001. The film was finally given a release date of June 13 2014 but re-entered development with a new release date of June 12 2015. Colin Trevorrow is directing the film with Patrick Crowley and Frank Marshall producing.
 Passage West is a 1951 Western film.
 The Kiyosu Conference (清須会議 Kiyosu Kaigi) is a 2013 Japanese period comedy film directed by Kōki Mitani.
 The Mark is a 2012 film Christian film about the Rapture starring Craig Sheffer.
 Schindler's List is a 1993 American epic historical drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian. It is based on the novel Schindler's Ark by Thomas Keneally an Australian novelist. The film is based on the life of Oskar Schindler a German businessman who saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees during the Holocaust by employing them in his factories.
 Alimjan Bolamsizmu (Uyghur:ئالىمجان ولۇمسىزمۇ) is a popular Uyghur comedy film.
 Over the Rainbow (Hangul: 오버 더 레인보우; RR: Obeo Deo Reinbou) is a 2002 South Korean film starring Lee Jung-jae and Jang Jin-young.
 My Brother Is an Only Child (Italian: Mio fratello è figlio unico) is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It is based on an Antonio Pennacchi novel. The title comes from a song by Rino Gaetano from 1976.
 Sorrow Is Only for Women (悲しみは女だけに Kanashimi wa Onna dakeni) is a 1958 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 Lucky 7 is a 2003 made-for-TV film starring Patrick Dempsey and Kimberly Williams.
 A Distant Trumpet is a 1964 American Western film the last directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Troy Donahue Suzanne Pleshette and Diane McBain.The screenplay by John Twist Albert Beich and Richard Fielder is based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Paul Horgan.
 The Custodian is a 1993 Australian drama film written and directed by John Dingwall starring Anthony LaPaglia Hugo Weaving and Barry Otto. LaPaglia plays Det. Sgt. James Quinlan a police officer who attempts to bring his corrupt partner Det. Church played by Weaving to justice.John Dingwall claims he wrote around 16 drafts of the script.It received three Australian Film Institute nominations.
 Chettathi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.The film was directed by S R Puttanna starring Ambika Prem NazirSathyanThikkurissy Sukumaran Nair in the lead roles. Music of this film was done by M S Baburaj. It tells the story of a young widow.
 The Paradine Case is a 1947 American courtroom drama film set in England directed by Alfred Hitchcock and produced by David O. Selznick. The screenplay was written by Selznick and an uncredited Ben Hecht from an adaptation by Alma Reville and James Bridie of the novel by Robert Smythe Hichens. The film stars Gregory Peck Ann Todd Alida Valli Charles Laughton Charles Coburn Ethel Barrymore and Louis Jourdan.
 Holding Trevor is a 2008 gay American romantic-drama written by and starring Brent Gorski as Trevor and directed by Rosser Goodman.
 Inquilaab is a 2002 Bengali film directed by Anup Sengupta. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita Pal in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by S. Shubhayu.
 The Raven is a 2006 United States direct-to-video production horror film directed by Ulli Lommel and references the poem The Raven by Edgar Allan Poe. The DVD case cover art carries the title Edgar Allan Poe's The Raven.
 Gallant Lady is a 1942 American drama film directed by William Beaudine. It stars Rose Hobart Sidney Blackmer Claire Rochelle and Lynn Starr.
 Slave Girls from Beyond Infinity is a 1987 film that transports “The Most Dangerous Game” to an alien world and populates it with bikini-clad space prison escapees and weird space monsters.
 Carry On Regardless was the fifth in the series of Carry On films to be made. It was released in 1961. By now a fairly regular team was established with Sid James Kenneth Connor Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims and Kenneth Williams all having appeared in previous entries. Hattie Jacques – who was also a regular – makes a cameo appearance during a hospital scene. Professor Stanley Unwin appears in a guest role playing his trademark gobbledegook speaking act.
 Saatanan radikaalit (eng. Damned Radicals)is a 1971 Finnish film comedy directed and written by Heikki Huopainen and Timo Nissi and starring Heikki Nousiainen.
 Il voto is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard.
 Bill Cunningham New York is a 2010 documentary film directed by Richard Press and produced by Philip Gefter. Bill Cunningham New York is distributed by Zeitgeist Films and was released in theaters on March 16 2011.
 A Taxing Woman's Return also titled A Taxing Woman 2 (Japanese title マルサの女2 Marusa no onna 2) is a 1988 Japanese comedy film written and directed by Juzo Itami. It is the sequel to Itami's 1987 comedy A Taxing Woman.As in A Taxing Woman Nobuko Miyamoto plays female government tax investigator Ryoko Itakura. In this film she investigates a religious sect led by Teppei Onizawa (Rentarō Mikuni) that is suspected of being used for tax evasion.
 Clay is a 2008 British TV film drama directed by Andrew Gunn and starring Harry McEntire (Davie) and Ben Davies (Stephen Rose).The screenplay by Peter Tabern is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by David Almond.
 Edge of the City is a 1957 American drama film directed by Martin Ritt starring John Cassavetes and Sidney Poitier. It was Ritt's debut film as a director.
 Before I Go to Sleep is an upcoming British mystery thriller film directed and written by Rowan Joffé based on a 2011 novel Before I Go to Sleep by S. J. Watson. The film stars Nicole Kidman Mark Strong Colin Firth and Anne-Marie Duff.
 Kadosh (Hebrew: קדוש‎) (lit. Sacred) is a 1999 film by Israeli director Amos Gitai. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Waarom heeft niemand mij verteld dat het zo erg zou worden in Afghanistan (English: Why Didn't Anybody Tell Me It Would Become This Bad in Afghanistan) is the first full length feature film shot with a mobile phone.
 Fireflies in the Garden is a 2008 drama film starring Willem Dafoe Ryan Reynolds and Julia Roberts. Written and directed by Dennis Lee the film premiered at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival and released theatrically in the United States on October 14 2011.Fireflies in the Garden is set in the present day and revolves around three generations of a family with flash-backs to their growing up.
 Let My People Go: The Story of Israel is a 1965 documentary film directed by Marshall Flaum. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1965 and won the United Nations Award in 1961 from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
 Corporal Rod Webb and his faithful dog Chinook were the major characters in a series of films made by the American studio Monogram Pictures between 1949 and 1954.
 Pointed Heels (1929) is an early sound musical film from Paramount Pictures starring William Powell Helen Kane Richard Skeets Gallagher and Fay Wray. This movie was originally filmed in color sequences by Technicolor but today those color sequences only survive in black-and-white.
 Ring of Fire is a 2013 biographical television film directed by Allison Anders about the life of June Carter Cash and Johnny Cash. It stars Jewel Kilcher as June Carter Cash and Matt Ross as Johnny Cash. It was nominated for four Primetime Emmys in 2013 including Outstanding Directing for a Miniseries Movie or a Dramatic Special.
 Bhagyalakshmi Bumper Draw is a Telugu Film Released in 2007. The film is a remake of Bollywood blockbuster Malamaal Weekly directed by Priyadarshan which in turn is inspired by the Hollywood film Waking Ned (1998).
 Meet Joe Black is a 1998 American fantasy romance film produced by Universal Studios directed by Martin Brest and starring Brad Pitt Anthony Hopkins and Claire Forlani loosely based on the 1934 film Death Takes a Holiday. It was the second pairing of Hopkins and Pitt after their 1994 film Legends of the Fall.
 Eeram (English: Moisture) is a 2009 Tamil-romantic thriller film written and directed by newcomer Arivazhagan Venkatachalam. Starring Aadhi and Sindhu Menon in the lead roles with Saranya Mohan and Nandha in supporting roles the film was produced by S. Shankar and was released on 11 September 2009. A Telugu dubbed version soon followed suit named Vaishali.
 Prince of Peace is a tentatively titled upcoming multilingual south Indian film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao starring Pawan Kalyan in a pivotal role.The film deals with an episode of Jesus life journey.
 Originally released directly to video in 1995 Heidi is a 49-minute animated film based on the classic story of Heidi by Johanna Spyri. The movie was produced by Jetlag Productions and it was distributed to DVD in 2002 by GoodTimes Entertainment as part of their Collectible Classics line.
 Janbaaz is a 1986 Indian film directed by Feroz Khan. The movie became popular for its steamy sex scene of Anil Kapoor and Dimple Kapadia. Sridevi featured in the song Har kisiko which became instant hit and a charttopping song.
 WΔZ (pronounced double-u delta zed) is a 2007 crime horror thriller film starring Stellan Skarsgård Melissa George Selma Blair and Tom Hardy. The film was released in the United States with the title The Killing Gene.
 Anuraga Aralithu is a 1986 Kannada film based on a Kannada Novel Anuragada Anthapura written by H. G. Radhadevi. The film starred actor Rajkumar along with Madhavi Geetha and Pandari Bai. It was directed by: M.S. Rajashekhar. The music director and composer was Upendra Kumar. Song lyrics were by Chi. Udaya Shankar.
 Chattan Singh is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Kedar Kapoor.
 My Architect: A Son's Journey is a 2003 documentary film about the American architect Louis Kahn (1901-1974) by his son Nathaniel Kahn detailing the architect's extraordinary career and his familial legacy after his death in 1974.
 Us and Our Education is a 2009 documentary film written and produced by Eve Jones and directed by Chris Burns. It explores learning disabilities within school and through to the work place by centering on weekly workshops that were to be used as the basis to a theatre performance by several day centers in Worcestershire.
 Ein Mädchen von 16 ½ is an East German film. It was released in 1958.
 Bellman and True is a 1987 film written and directed by Richard Loncraine starring Bernard Hill Derek Newark and Richard Hope.
 A Hole in the Wall (Spanish: El agujero en la pared) is a 1982 Argentine film directed by David José Kohon.
 Parisian Nights is a 1925 American drama film directed by Alfred Santell and featuring Boris Karloff.
 This Earth Is Mine (Spanish: Esta tierra es mía) is a 1961 Argentine drama film directed by and starring Hugo del Carril. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 You Were Meant for Me (1948) is a 20th Century Fox musical film directed by Lloyd Bacon starring Dan Dailey and Jeanne Crain as a bandleader and his wife. Marilyn Monroe worked on the film as an uncredited extra. The film includes performances of You Were Meant for Me I'll Get By (As Long As I Have You) and Ain't Misbehavin'.
 Kinta 1881 is a 2007 Malaysian martial arts-action film. The film was the first Malaysian film in martial arts genre such as Cicak Man for first Malaysian superhero film. Although being a Malaysian film its language is Chinese. It was ported to the U.S. dubbed and retitled Four Dragons in 2008.
 Basra is a 2008 Egyptian film.
 The Merchant of Venice is a 1916 British silent drama film directed by Walter West and starring Matheson Lang Hutin Britton Ernest Caselli. It is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play The Merchant of Venice.
 Masada Live at Tonic is a DVD of a live performance by John Zorn's Masada filmed at Tonic in the summer of 1999.
 Nammanna Don is a 2012 released Kannada comedy film starring Ramesh Aravind Mona Parvaresh and Sanathini in the lead roles. Ramesh himself has directed and written the script for the movie. Mathew Manu is the music director of the film. Ramesh's brother-in-law Ravi Joshi has produced the venture under Lava Kush Productions.
 Charlie Chaplin is a 2002 Tamil comedy film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram starring Prabhu Ganesan and Prabhu Deva. The film's commercial success led to remakes into Telugu (Pellam Oorelithe) Hindi (No Entry) Malayalam (Happy Husbands) and Kannada languages (Kalla Malla Sulla). Prabhu won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for his performance in the film.
 Yaara o Dildaara is an Indian drama film starring Harbhajan Maan Tulip Joshi Kabir Bedi Gurpreet Ghuggi Gulzar Inder Chahal and Jonita Doda in lead roles and directed by Ksshitij Chaudhary. The film released is postponed from 19 August to 23 September 2011.
 Arunachalam is a 1997 Tamil drama film directed by Sundar C and written by Crazy Mohan. The film features Rajinikanth Soundarya and Rambha in the lead roles with Jaishankar and Ravichandran in other pivotal roles. The soundtrack and background score for the film was composed by Deva while U. K. Senthil Kumar handled the cinematography.
 Trailer Town is a 2003 low-budget film shot on digital video written and directed by Giuseppe Andrews and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The film is set in the trailer park where Andrews lives and stars many of the people who were his neighbors at the time. The film has drawn comparisons to the cult films of John Waters Larry Clark and Harmony Korine for its semi-realistic yet off-the-wall portrayal of lower-class individuals.
 The Flaming Urge (1953) is an American crime film directed by Harold Ericson.
 Salem's Lot (also known as Salem's Lot: The Movie Salem's Lot: The Miniseries and Blood Thirst) is a 1979 American television adaptation of the novel of the same name by Stephen King. Directed by Tobe Hooper and starring David Soul and James Mason the plot revolves around a writer returning to his home town and discovers the citizens are turning into vampires. It combines elements of both the vampire film and haunted house subgenres.
 Eloise is a 2002 low-budget digital feature film written and directed by Australian film director Brenden Dannaher and starring Melanie Holt Mark Jensen and Paul Parker.It was inspired by the song of the same name by Barry Ryan and Othello by William Shakespeare.It was awarded the Jury Prize at AusFest 2002 the Australian Digital Film and Video Festival.The film earned approximately A$36000 on its opening weekend.[citation needed]
 Drama of the Lark (Hungarian: Pacsirta) is a 1963 Hungarian drama film directed by László Ranódy. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival where Antal Páger won the award for Best Actor. It is based on the novel Pacsirta (translated into English as Skylark) by the Hungarian author Dezső Kosztolányi.
 Inside Information is a 1934 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
 9/Tenths is a 2006 film directed by Bob Degus about the conflict between a wealthy couple and a poor laborer after a worldwide terrorist attack isolates them in a small remote ranch. The film stars Gabrielle Anwar Henry Ian Cusick and Dave Baez. The film was filmed outside of Los Angeles CA in Canyon Country. The world premiere of the film was at the 2006 Sedona International Film Festival on February 24 2006.
 Jai Jwala is a 1972 Hindi drama film directed by Manohar Deepak. The film stars Sunil Dutt and Madhumati.
 Sky Murder is a 1940 film starring Walter Pidgeon as Nick Carter.
 Crazy Love (蜜桃成熟時) is a 1993 Hong Kong film directed by Roman Cheung.
 School Girl Complex Hōsōbu Hen (スクールガール・コンプレックス　放送部篇) is an 2013 Japanese film directed by Yūichi Onuma.
 A Tale of Sorrow and Sadness (悲愁物語 Hishū monogatari) is a 1977 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki.
 Batman & Robin is a 1997 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman. It is the fourth and final film of Warner Bros.' initial Batman film series. The film was directed by Joel Schumacher and written by Akiva Goldsman. It stars George Clooney Chris O'Donnell Arnold Schwarzenegger Uma Thurman as well as Alicia Silverstone. Batman & Robin tells the story of the Dynamic Duo as they attempt to prevent Mr.
 Men at Work is a 1990 American comedy film written and directed by Emilio Estevez who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Charlie Sheen Leslie Hope and Keith David. The film was released in the United States on August 24 1990.
 Om 3D is a 2013 3D Telugu film written and directed by Sunil Reddy starring Nandamuri Kalyan Ram. The film is tipped to be India's first action 3D film. Nikesha Patel and Kriti Kharbanda are the leading ladies. The film has been shot in 5k resolution for great visuals. Hollywood technicians such as David Taylor who worked for Avatar and Final Destination 5 and Ian Markus known for films such as The Amazing Spiderman have also worked for this film.
 The Fields is a 2011 American suspense thriller directed by Tom Mattera and Dave Mazzoni. The film is touted as being based on true events. The film stars Cloris Leachman and Tara Reid. Filming wrapped in October 2009 and the film played in festivals in Fall 2011.
 Die Abrafaxe – Unter schwarzer Flagge is a German film directed by Gerhard Hahn. It was released in 2001.
 Asad is a 2012 South African-American short film directed by Bryan Buckley. The film is nominated for the 2012 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film.Produced in South Africa by Mino Jarjoura of Hungry Man Productions the cast is made up of Somali refugees living in South Africa none of whom had any acting experience prior to production.After being nominated for an Academy Award the film was released along with all the other 15 Oscar-nominated short films in theaters by ShortsHD.
 Vellanakalude Nadu (Malayalam: വെള്ളാനകളുടെ നാട്) is a 1988 Malayalam drama film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Maniyanpilla Raju.This film was a critical and commercial success. It was remade in Hindi as Khatta Meeta with Akshay Kumar in the lead role which released in 2010 but didn't do well there.
 Secret Reunion (Hangul: 의형제; hanja: 義兄弟; RR: Uihyeongje; MR: Ŭihyŏngje; lit. Sworn Brothers or Blood Brothers) is a 2010 South Korean spy thriller film directed by Jang Hoon and one of the highest grossing Korean films of 2010.The story follows Song Kang-ho as Agent Lee Han-gyoo of the National Intelligence Service (NIS) who falls from grace after failing to stop the assassination of a North Korean dissident.
 Cinema is Everywhere is a 2011 documentary film by writer director and cinematographer Teal Greyhavens that weaves together three stories from India Scotland and Tunisia each featuring personal perspectives on the effects of local regional and international cinema on people's lives. It is based around the idea that cinema is a universal visual language that people of almost any culture can enjoy and even create regardless of where they are who they know or how much money they have.
 The Big Country is a 1958 American Western film directed by William Wyler. It stars Gregory Peck who also co-produced the film with Wyler plus Jean Simmons Carroll Baker Charlton Heston Burl Ives Charles Bickford and Chuck Connors. It was based on theserialized magazine novel Ambush at Blanco Canyon by Donald Hamilton. The opening title sequence was created by Saul Bass.Ives won the Academy Award as Best Supporting Actor as well as the Golden Globe Award.
 Year of the Dogs is a 1997 documentary detailing the 1996 season of the Footscray Football Club (now Western Bulldogs).
 Her Life's Story is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Victoria Day is a 2009 Canadian indie-film directed by award-winning writer and film-maker David Bezmozgis. It was produced by Markham Street Films. The film stars Mark Rendall in the lead role as well as Holly Deveaux Sergiy Kotelenets Nataliya Alyexeyenko John Mavrogiannis and Scott Beaudin.
 Eddelu Manjunatha (Kannada: ಎದ್ದೇಳು ಮಂಜುನಾಥ English: Wake Up Manjunatha) is a Kannada film written and directed by director Guruprasad. This is Guruprasad's second film after the black comedy Mata (film). It was produced by journalist producer and director V. Sanath Kumar.
 Nurse Edith Cavell (1939) is an American film directed by British director Herbert Wilcox about Edith Cavell.The film was nominated at the 1939 Oscars for Best Original Score.
 Inside the Square is a 2009 documentary film directed by David Michod. It is a 30 minutes behind-the-scenes look at the making of 2008 neo-noir thriller film The Square directed by Nash Edgerton with particular emphasis on the style and difficulties arose during the shooting and the experience of cast and crew during the making of film. It had a limited release in Australia on 5 March 2009.
 Shaolin Drunkard (Chinese: 天師撞邪; Orig. Tian shi zhuang xie aka Wu Tang Master aka Miracle Fighters 2) is a 1983 Kung Fu comedy directed by Yuen Woo-ping written by Yuen Woo-ping and Chung Hing Chiu and starring Cheung-Yan Yuen Eddy Ko and Shun-Yee Yuen.This very strange movie shows the sort of thing Yuen Woo-ping will do when he is left to his own designs and imagination. Even strange for him this movie involves vampires huge monster toads and drunk monks.
 Maska is a 2009 Telugu action film. It was directed by B. Gopal and starred Ram Hansika Motwani and Sheela. It was released on January 14 2009 with 300 prints in 550 theaters. The movie was an average grosser at the box office. It was dubbed into Hindi as Phool Aur Kaante.
 Wishmaster is a 1997 American horror film directed by Robert Kurtzman. It was executive produced by Wes Craven—the only film of the Wishmaster series with his name attached. The plot of Wishmaster concerns a djinn (evil genie) an omnipotent supremely evil entity who is released from a jewel and seeks to capture the soul of the woman who discovered him thereby opening a portal and freeing his fellow djinn to inhabit the earth.
 Bread and Roses is a 2000 drama film directed by Ken Loach starring Adrien Brody. The plot deals with the struggle of poorly paid janitorial workers in Los Angeles and their fight for better working conditions and the right to unionize. It is based on the Justice for Janitors campaign of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU).The film is critical of inequalities in the United States.
 The Taste of Others (French: Le goût des autres [ləɡu deˈzotʁ]) is a 2000 French film. It was directed by Agnès Jaoui and written by her and Jean-Pierre Bacri. It stars Jean-Pierre Bacri Anne Alvaro Alain Chabat Agnès Jaoui Gérard Lanvin and Christiane Millet.The movie won the César Award for Best Film Best Supporting Actor Best Supporting Actress and Best Writing in 2001 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Lockdown is a 2000 drama film starring Richard T. Jones Clifton Powell David Shark Fralick and Master P.
 Suspect is a 1960 British thriller film directed by Roy Boulting and John Boulting. It starred Tony Britton Virginia Maskell Ian Bannen Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasence. A young scientist's pioneering work and his acquaintance with subversive anti-government groups attract the attention of the authorities.
 Afterwards (French: Et après) is a 2009 English-language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly. Based on Guillaume Musso's novel Et après... the story tells of a workaholic lawyer who is told by a self-proclaimed visionary that he must try to prevent his imminent death. The film was shot in New York City Montreal and various New Mexico locations over June–July 2007 and had a French release in January 2009.
 The Six Best Cellars is a lost 1920 silent film comedy directed by Donald Crisp and starring Bryant Washburn and Wanda Hawley. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
 The Stepford Wives is a 2004 American science fiction film. It was directed by Frank Oz from a screenplay by Paul Rudnick and stars Nicole Kidman Matthew Broderick Bette Midler Christopher Walken Faith Hill and Glenn Close. The film is a remake of the 1975 film of the same name; both films are based on the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives.
 The Girl in the Checkered Coat is a 1917 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 Hot Rod Girls Save The World is a 2008 B-Movie written and directed by D.A. Sebasstian.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 1984 movie starring a number of Hollywood actors who were popular at the time of its production. It was directed by Tom Schiller who had previously worked on Saturday Night Live.The movie stars Zach Galligan and Lauren Tom in the lead roles with a supporting cast including Bill Murray Dan Aykroyd Sam Jaffe and Mort Sahl.
 I Love You Goodbye is a 2009 Filipino film starring Angelica Panganiban Gabby Concepcion Derek Ramsay and Kim Chiu. It is produced and released by Star Cinema. It is also the official entry of Star Cinema to the 35th Metro Manila Film Festival.The film was also shown in select cities in the United States in January 2010 via ABS-CBN International.
 Goldstein is a 1965 film co-directed by Philip Kaufman and Benjamin Manaster and produced by Kaufman and Zev Braun. The cast featured a number of actors from The Second City comedy troupe. The film won the Prix de la Nouvelle Critique at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Simple People (Russian: Простые люди) is a 1945 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. The film along with the second part of Eisenstein's Ivan the Terrible was harshly criticized by Andrei Zhdanov and banned. A version of the film released in 1956 during Khrushchev Thaw was disowned by Kozintsev because the reediting was done without his participation.
 Everyday is a British drama film directed by Michael Winterbottom. Known during its lengthy production variously as Seven Days and then Here and There the film stars John Simm as a man imprisoned for drug smuggling and charts his relationship with his wife played by Shirley Henderson.Written by Winterbottom and Laurence Coriat the film was shot a few weeks at a time over a five-year period from 2007 to 2012 to reflect the protagonist's time in prison and achieve an authentic aging process.
 Kung Phooey is an independent film directed and produced by Darryl Fong. In addition he also co-stars in the movie with Michael Chow and Colman Domingo. The movie is about a monk who tries to find a mysterious lost Fountain of Youth (a magic peach). He travels to British Columbia (actually filmed in San Francisco poking fun at movies like Rumble in the Bronx that disguise BC locations to look like US cities) and with a new band of friends tries to retrieve the stolen artifact.
 My First Romance is romantic movie starring John Prats Heart Evangelista John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo. The movie did well in the box office with P94.6 million gross revenue.It has two stories the first is called One Love starring John and Heart the second is called Two hearts starring John Lloyd and Bea.The tagline for the movie is: Two love stories in one movie that will make you fall in-love like it's the first time!!!
 Batman Dracula (1964) is an American film that was produced and directed by Andy Warhol without the permission of DC Comics.
 Terror Tract is a 2000 anthology dark comedy/horror film featuring John Ritter as a real-estate agent trying to sell a variety of houses to a young couple; each with a horror story associated with it. The segment Make Me an Offer is the overall plot of the film with Ritter and the three segments dramatized are the different horrifying stories behind each house.
 Hustling for Health is a 1919 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel.
 The Wound of Light (Spanish: La herida luminosa) is a 1997 Spanish film directed by José Luis Garci and starring Fernando Guillén Mercedes Sampietro and Julia Gutiérrez Caba. The plot is based on a novel by Josep María de Sagarra. It was previuolsy filmed in 1956 in a production directed by Tulio Demicheli
 Manasa Sarovara (Kannada: ಮಾನಸ ಸರೋವರ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal starring Srinath Padmavasanthi and Ramakrishna. Padmavasanthi won Karnataka State Award for Best Actress for her role as an insane woman in the film.
 Strange Crime (French: Le prix du désir Italian: Sotto falso nome also known as Under a False Name) is a 2004 French-Italian-Swiss mystery-drama film directed by Roberto Andò.
 Ballistic Kiss is a 1998 Hong Kong action thriller film produced and directed by Donnie Yen and starring Yen and Annie Wu.
 Raging Fists (French: La Rage au poing) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Éric Le Hung.
 Near Dark is an unfinished American vampire horror film directed by Ryan Zeller and written by Matt Craven and Kathryn Bigelow. It is a remake of the 1987 cult vampire-Western horror film directed by Kathryn Bigelow. It has not been completed nor has it been released to the public in any form.
 Terrain is a 1994 Australian film set on a remote planet about the crew of the research station Orpheus.
 Diwangi Ne Had Kar Di is a 2010 Hindi romance film/thriller film directed by Jiten Purohit and produced by himself under the banner of Asheema Creations. The film was released on November 19 2010.
 Fanfan (Fanfan & Alexandre) is a 1993 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Alexandre Jardin and starring Sophie Marceau and Vincent Perez. This film is based on the director's best-selling 1990 novel which was translated into almost two dozen languages.
 The Search for John Gissing is a comedy written and directed by Mike Binder and produced by Jack Binder. Set in London it stars Mike Binder Alan Rickman and Janeane Garofalo amongst others.Tagline: An American businessman (Mike Binder) and his wife (Janeane Garofalo) have their lives turned upside-down by the British co-worker (Alan Rickman) he has unknowingly come to replace.
 Devara Maga (Kannada: ದೇವರಮಗ) is a 2000 Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and written by Mysore Harish. The film features Shivarajkumar and Ambareesh in the lead roles along with Laila and Bhanupriya in other pivotal roles.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed and written by Hamsalekha.
 Nee Sukhame Ne Koruthunna (Telugu: నీ సుఖమే నే కోరుతున్న) is a Telugu film directed by actor Giri Babu. The film stars Raja Sneha in lead roles and Raghu Babu Kota Srinivasa Rao Kovai Sarala Ali Brahmanandam and Kondavalasa Lakshmana Rao in supporting roles. It was released on 22 February 2008.
 Ride the High Country (released in the UK as Guns in the Afternoon) is a 1962 American Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Randolph Scott Joel McCrea and Mariette Hartley. The supporting cast includes Edgar Buchanan James Drury Warren Oates and Ron Starr. Written by N. B.
 Serangan Fajar (literally Dawn Attack released internationally as Attack at Dawn) is a 1982 Indonesian war film directed by Arifin C. Noer and produced by G. Dwipayana. Telling the lives of several persons during the Indonesian National Revolution the film used wayang imagery to show heroism. The critically acclaimed film has been read as emphasising then-President Suharto's role in the revolution especially the General Attack of 1 March.
 Dragon's Gold is a 1954 film.
 Refugee is a 2000 Indian film written and directed by J. P. Dutta. The film marked the debuts of Abhishek Bachchan son of popular actor Amitabh Bachchan and Kareena Kapoor the younger sister of actress Karisma Kapoor. The film also starred Jackie Shroff Sunil Shetty and Anupam Kher.
 Aata Pita is a Marathi film released on December 10 2010. The film has been produced by Twenty First Century Entertainment and directed by Uttung Shelar. The plot of the film revolves around the centric character “Ashu” who embarks on a journey to pursue his dream of becoming a writer.
 The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse is a 1938 American crime film starring Edward G. Robinson Claire Trevor and Humphrey Bogart. It was directed by Anatole Litvak for Warner Bros. and written by John Wexley and John Huston based on the first play written by short-story writer Barré Lyndon which ran for three months on Broadway with Cedric Hardwicke after playing in London.
 Silva is a 1944 Soviet musical film directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky and starring Zoya Smirnova-Nemirovich and Sergei Martinson. It was part of a cycle of operetta films made in European cinema during the era.
 Swimming Pool is a 1976 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by J. Sasikumar starring Kamal Haasan M. G. Soman Sumithra Rani Chandra and Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair in lead roles.
 Ninaithen Vandhai (English: I Thought of You Then You Came) is a 1998 Tamil film directed by K. Selva Bharathy and produced by Allu Aravind. The film features Vijay Rambha and Devayani in the lead roles with Manivannan Charle and Ranjith amongst others in supporting roles. The film released on 10 April 1998 to positive reviews and was successful at the box office.
 Ran Salu (In Sinhala: The Yellow Robe) is a 1967 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Lester James Peries. The film follows the parallel paths of Sujatha (Punya Heendeniya) and Sarojini Perera (Anula Karunatilleke).P.K.D. Seneviratne wrote the screenplay dealing with Buddhism. It was the second most successful of Peries' first seven films behind Sandesaya. Despite the popularity Philip Cooray found the film overly emotional and too plotted.
 Monster in the Closet is a 1986 horror comedy with a veteran cast including Howard Duff and John Carradine as well as The Black Eyed Peas' Stacy Ferguson and Paul Walker in early roles. The film was distributed by Troma Entertainment. In the GotchaMovies article Final Destinations and Killer Condoms Monster in the Closet was selected as the 8th greatest moment in teen slasher history.
 For the 1989 Hindi film starring Amitabh Bachchan please see Toofan (film)For the 2013 Indian bilingual film starring Ram Charan please see Toofan (2013 film)Toofan is a Pakistani Urdu film starring Shaan Saima Resham and Laila.
 The Devil's Mercy is a 2008 horror-thriller written by James A. McLean and directed by Melanie Orr.
 Temporale Rosy (also known as Hurricane Rosy and Rosy la bourrasque) is a 1979 Italian-French comedy film written and directed by Mario Monicelli. It is loosely based on a novel by Carlo Brizzolara.
 Troublesome Night 18 is a 2003 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Jameson Lam. It is the 18th of the 19 films in the Troublesome Night film series.
 Stop-Loss is a 2008 American drama film directed by Kimberly Peirce and starring Ryan Phillippe Channing Tatum Abbie Cornish and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by MTV Films.
 Eroica (released in some territories as Heroism) is a 1958 film by Andrzej Munk. It is composed of two separate stories each featuring the Polish concept of heroism and a role of a hero. A third segment Con Bravura utilizing Polish romantic legend and different in spirit from the first two segments was meant as the final part of the original film but although completed was ultimately cut by Munk from the final version.
 Ronin is a 1998 American spy thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Robert De Niro Jean Reno Natascha McElhone Stellan Skarsgård Sean Bean and Jonathan Pryce. Written by J.D. Zeik and David Mamet the film is about two of several former special forces and intelligence agents who team up to steal a mysterious heavily guarded case while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances. The film is noted for its car chases through Nice and Paris.
 Adopted is a 2009 American independent film starring comedian Pauly Shore. It is a mockumentary in which [Pauly] plays himself going to Africa to adopt a child à la Madonna and Angelina Jolie. The film marks Shore's third turn as a writer director and producer.
 Stress Is Three (Original title: Stress-es tres-tres) is a 1968 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura. The film stars Geraldine Chaplin and Fernando Cebrián as a troubled married couple. Their marital problems are partially a consequence of Spain's rapidly modernizing consumer society.
 The Odd Couple II is the 1998 sequel to 1968's The Odd Couple. Written by Neil Simon (who also produced) the film reunites Jack Lemmon as Felix Unger and Walter Matthau as Oscar Madison in their last film together.
 CrimethInc. Guerilla Film Series Volume One is a collection of anarchist films distributed by CrimethInc..
 Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives is a 1977 documentary film featuring interviews with 26 gay men and women. It was directed by six people collectively known as the Mariposa Film Group. Peter Adair conceived and produced the film and was one of the directors. The film premiered in November 1977 at the Castro Theater in San Francisco and was released in 1978.The interviews from the film were transcribed into a book of the same title which was published in October 1978.
 Nazar Ke Samne is an Indian film directed by Jagdish A. Sharma and released in 1994. It stars Akshay Kumar Farheen.
 L'affaire Farewell (English: The Farewell Affair) is a 2009 French film directed by Christian Carion starring Guillaume Canet and Emir Kusturica. The film is an espionage thriller loosely based on actions of the high-ranking KGB official Vladimir Vetrov. It was released in the United States in June 2010 under the title Farewell. It was adapted from the book Bonjour Farewell: La vérité sur la taupe française du KGB (1997) by Serguei Kostine.
 Nutcracker Fantasy is a stop motion animated film by Sanrio very loosely based on Tchaikovsky's ballet The Nutcracker and E.T.A. Hoffman's story The Nutcracker and the Mouse King. It was nominated for the 1980 Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film and the 1980 Young Artist Award for Best Motion Picture featuring youth. It won the 1980 Young Artist Award for Best Musical Entertainment.
 El 13 – 13 is a 1943 Spanish comedy-drama film directed by Luis Lucia on his directing debut.
 Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story is a 1987 television biographical drama starring Farrah Fawcett. The film chronicles the life of Barbara Hutton an extremely wealthy but troubled American socialite. Released as both a television movie and a mini series the film won a Golden Globe Award for Best Miniseries or Television Film. Fawcett earned her fifth Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress in a Miniseries of Television Film.
 As Melhores Coisas do Mundo (English: 'The Best Things In The World') is a 2010 Brazilian coming-of-age drama film based on the book Mano by Gilberto Dimenstein. It was directed written and co-produced by Laís Bodanzky and stars Francisco Miguez Gabriela Rocha Caio Blat Denise Fraga and Filipe Kartalian reprising their roles from the short.
 Gudi Gantalu (English title: Temple bells) is a 1964 Telugu film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring N.T. Ramarao. This film is based on the Tamil film Aalayamani (1962).
 The Red Curtain Trilogy is the title given to the first three films directed by Baz Luhrmann: Strictly Ballroom (1992) starring Paul Mercurio and Tara Morice William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet (1996) starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes Moulin Rouge! (2001) starring Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregorThese three films were included in a Red Curtain Trilogy DVD box set released in 2002.
 Song of Dolores (Spanish: La copla de la Dolores) is a 1947 Spanish drama film directed by Benito Perojo written by Francisco Madrid. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Small Voice released in the United States as The Hideout is a 1948 British film about an escaped convict who takes a married couple hostage.It was the film debut of Howard Keel who made it while appearing in a London production of Oklahoma!.
 Yanda Kartavya Aahe is Marathi Indian rom-com film about two people thrown into matrimony and discovering each other. This is third directorial venture of Kedar Shinde the first two being Aga Bai Arrecha! and Jatra. The story and dialogue are written by Rasika Joshi and the movie is produced by Ashwani Chawla and directed by Kedar Shinde. The movie is based on a newlywed couple’s honeymoon and the psychological and physical union of a married couple.
 The Harrad Experiment (1973) is a film about a fictional Harrad College where the students learn about sexuality and experiment with each other.
 Warming Up Yesterday's Lunch (Bulgarian: Подгряване на вчерашния обед translit. Podgryavane na vcherashniya obed) is a 2002 Bulgarian drama film directed by Kostadin Bonev. It was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.
 First Shot is the third telemovie in the Alex McGregor film series. Mariel Hemingway reprising her role she originated in First Daughter.
 One Day (有一天) is a 2010 Taiwanese film directed by Chi-jan Hou.
 The Return of Raffles is a 1933 British crime film directed by Mansfield Markham and starring George Barraud Camilla Horn and Claud Allister. It is based on the A.J. Raffles stories by EW Hornung and inspired by the success of the 1930 American film Raffles to which it serves as a loose sequel.
 De Trein van zes uur tien is a 1999 Dutch thriller film directed by Frank Ketelaar.
 Dr. Dolittle: Million Dollar Mutts (also known as Dr. Dolittle 5) is a 2009 American comedy film starring Kyla Pratt and Norm Macdonald. It was released on May 19 2009 and like its predecessor Dr. Dolittle: Tail to the Chief (2008) was a direct-to-DVD release.Unlike the previous two films the story focuses more on Lucky (Macdonald).
 Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a 1974 American comedy-drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Robert Getchell. It stars Ellen Burstyn as a widow who travels with her preteen son across the Southwestern United States in search of a better life along with Alfred Lutter as her son and Kris Kristofferson as a man they meet along the way. This is Martin Scorsese's fourth film.
 10 Terrorists is a 2012 Australian black comedy film directed by Dee McLachlan. Dee is best known for her direction in the award-winning 2007 film The Jammed.
 Kili Poyi is a Malayalam stoner film directed by debutant Vinay Govind a former associate of V. K. Prakash. The film stars Asif Ali Aju Varghese Sampath Raj Raveendran Samata Agrawal Sabreen Baker Sandra Thomas Sreejith Ravi Joju & Mridul Nair in major roles. The film features music and background score composed by Rahul Raj.
 The Happy Family is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Stanley Holloway Kathleen Harrison and Naunton Wayne. The plot of the film centres on resistance by a family to the disruption caused by the construction of the Festival of Britain. It is also known by the alternative title Mr. Lord Says No. It was an adaptation of a play by Michael Clayton Hutton.
 Kinshasa Septembre noir is a 1992 film directed by Jean-Michel Kibushi.
 Otis is a 2008 direct-to-DVD comedy horror film directed by Tony Krantz. It is the fourth Raw Feed horror film from Warner Home Video.
 Enter the Queen is a 1930 British short comedy film directed by Arthur Varney and starring Richard Cooper Dora March Chili Bouchier and Percy Walsh.
 Antonio Gramsci: i giorni del carcere (internationally released as Antonio Gramsci: The Days of Prison) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Lino Del Fra. It was awarded with the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 O meu marido esta a negar is a 2007 documentary film about a play of the same name written and directed by Rogério Manjate.The film and play both discuss HIV/AIDS issues.Manjate directed the award-winning short I Love You also concerning HIV/AIDS the same year.The film's title means My Husband is in Denial.
 Fermo con le mani (Hand Off Me!) is an Italian 1937 film directed by Gero Zambuto.The film is notable for being the screen début of Totò. Its most famous scenes include in which he tries to give a haircut to a bald man the one where he fishes from the fishmonger's counter (this scene was repeated in Cops and Robbers and Toto in Paris) and also the scene in which he holds a broom using it as a gun (shooting in Figaro here Figaro there).
 Zombi 2 (also known as Zombie Zombie Flesh Eaters and Woodoo) is a 1979 zombie horror film directed by Lucio Fulci working from a screenplay by Elisa Briganti and Dardano Sacchetti. It is perhaps the best-known of Fulci's many genre films and made him a horror icon. Though the title suggests this is a sequel to Zombi (the Italian title of George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead) the films are unrelated.
 El Peñón de las Ánimas (The Rock of the Souls) is a Mexican movie of 1942 directed by Miguel Zacarías and starring by Jorge Negrete and María Félix. It is the first movie to star María Félix one of the legendary female stars of the Golden Era of Mexican Cinema.
 Another Man Another Chance (Un autre homme une autre chance) is a 1977 French film directed by Claude Lelouch.
 Us Now is a documentary film project about the power of mass collaboration the government and the Internet The New York Times describes it as a film which paints a future in which every citizen is connected to the state as easily as to Facebook choosing policies questioning politicians collaborating with neighbours.The documentary weaves together the perceptions of leading thinkers on the power of the web with the overriding suggestion that people gain a sense of satisfaction from active participation rather than symbolic representation in decision-making processes. 
 This Thing Called Love is a 1940 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell and Melvyn Douglas as newlyweds with an odd arrangement: the wife insists on not sleeping together for a trial period. This is the second film adaptation of the play of the same name by Edwin Burke: the 1929 version which shares the same title is believed to be lost. This film was condemned by the Catholic Legion of Decency as contrary to the Christian concept of marriage.
 The Pool Hustlers (Italian: Io Chiara e lo Scuro I Chiara and lo Scuro) is a 1982 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Maurizio Ponzi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival. It was co-written by Ponzi male lead Francesco Nuti and established screenwriters Franco Ferrini and Enrico Oldoini.
 Man of the Moment is a 1955 comedy film starring Norman Wisdom Belinda Lee Lana Morris and Jerry Desmonde.
 Do Anjaane (English: Two Strangers) is a 1976 Hindi drama-thriller film Produced by Tito it is directed by Dulal Guha. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Rekha Prem Chopra Pradeep Kumar Utpal Dutt Lalita Pawar and a young pre-stardom Mithun Chakraborty. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. The film became a hit at the box office.
 The Feeding is a 2006 film written and directed by Paul Moore.
 Shinobido (忍道－SHINOBIDO－) is a 2012 Japanese jidaigeki film directed by Toshiyuki Morioka.
 Brother Bear is a 2003 American animated adventure comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 44th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. In the film an Inuit boy named Kenai pursues a bear in revenge for a battle that he provoked in which his oldest brother Sitka is killed.
 Sunstruck is a 1972 British-Australian comedy film directed by James Gilbert and starring Harry Secombe Maggie Fitzgibbon and John Meillon.
 Hard Country is a 1981 American drama film directed by David Greene and starring Jan-Michael Vincent Kim Basinger and Michael Parks. Written by Michael Kane and Michael Martin Murphey the film is about a young woman who longs to escape the limitations of life in a small Texas town to pursue her dreams. She is prevented from leaving by her factory worker boyfriend who does not want her to move to the big city.
 Made In Mauritius is a 2009 film directed by David Constantin.
 Recovered: Journeys Through the Autism Spectrum and Back is a 2008 documentary about four children who have completely recovered from the autism spectrum. The film is directed by Michele Jaquis and produced by Dr. Doreen Granpeesheh and the Center for Autism and Related Disorders. Recovered premiered on April 25 2008 at the Pacific Design Center's SilverScreen Theater.
 Scrooge or Marley's Ghost is a 1901 British short silent drama film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring the miserly Ebenezer Scrooge confronted by Marley's ghost and given visions of Christmas Past Present and Future which is the oldest known film adaptation of Charles Dickens' 1843 novel A Christmas Carol.
 Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return is a 2013 American 3D computer-animated musical film based on The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum and Dorothy of Oz by his great-grandson Roger Stanton Baum. It is being produced by Summertime Entertainment (the family entertainment division of Alpine Pictures) directed by Daniel St.
 If They Tell You I Fell (Spanish: Si te dicen que caí) is a 1989 Spanish film written and directed by Vicente Aranda starring Jorge Sanz and Victoria Abril. The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same title by Catalan author Juan Marsé. Set mostly in the old quarter of 1940s Barcelona the film centers in a young rag and bone merchant who falls in love with a prostitute. If They Tell You I Fell has an intricate narrative in which real and imagined stories blend in a crosswords style.
 O katergaris (Greek: Ο κατεργάρης The Rascal is a 1971 Greek film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Hronis Exarhakos Nora Valsami Giannis Mihalopoulos Spyros Kalogoirou and Katerina Gioulaki. The movie is based on the play Parti gia neous (Πάρτι για νέους) or Youth Party by Nikos Tsiforos.
 Romance on Lushan Mountain (simplified Chinese: 庐山恋; traditional Chinese: 廬山戀; pinyin: Lúshān Liàn) is a 1980 colour film produced in China. It was in its entirety shot at Lushan Mountain in Jiangxi province of China and was directed by Huang Zumu (黄祖模). It is alternatively known as A Love Story at Lushan Mountain and Love on Lushan Mountain.
 The Woman in Red is a 1935 American film directed by Robert Florey and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Gene Raymond. Based on the novel North Shore by Wallace Irwin the film is about a woman equestrian who meets and falls in love with a traveling polo player from a once wealthy family. After they are married she is persuaded to entertain her friend's wealthy client aboard a yacht. The client accidentally drowns and her friend is arrested for his murder.
 The Asthenic Syndrome (Russian: Астенический синдром translit. Astenicheskiy sindrom) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Kira Muratova. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize.
 Remake is a 2003 Bosnian movie that was made in Turkish-French co-production of Bosnian director Dino Mustafić. Scenario signed Zlatko Topčić.The film was made by a true story and follows their tragic fate father and son Ahmed (Miralem Zupčević Ermin Sijamija) and Tarik Karaga (Ermin Bravo) during the Second World War and the Siege of Sarajevo. Premiere show had the International Film Festival Rotterdam 23 January 2003. year.
 Nightmare on the 13th Floor is a 1990 made-for-TV movie which originally aired on the USA Network on Halloween 1990. It stars Michele Greene as travel writer Elaine Kalisher James Brolin as Dr. Alan Lanier and Louise Fletcher as Letti Gordon.
 Made is a 1972 film directed by John Mackenzie. It stars Carol White and Roy Harper. Made revolves around the story of a relationship between a young single mother played by Carol White and an insecure rock star played by singer Roy Harper.
 Elmer's Adventure: My Father's Dragon (エルマーの冒険 MY FATHER'S DRAGON Erumā no Bōken Mai Fāzāsu Doragon) is a 1997 Japanese anime film based on the children's books by Ruth Stiles Gannett.
 Impulse is a 1990 thriller film about a female police officer who works undercover as a prostitute on the streets of Los Angeles. The film was directed by Sondra Locke and stars Theresa Russell Jeff Fahey and George Dzundza.
 Pandiya Naadu (English: Land of the Pandyans) is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film directed by Suseenthiran and produced by Vishal. The film features Vishal Vikranth and Lakshmi Menon in the lead roles while Bharathiraja and Soori play other pivotal roles. The film has music composed by D. Imman. The film received positive reviews and was successful at the box office.The movie run 100 days successfully in cinemas. It was dubbed in hindi as Shiva Ka Badla.
 The Conception of My Younger Brother (Czech: Početí mého mladšího bratra) is a 2000 Czech drama film directed by Vladimír Drha. It was entered into the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mankillers also known as 12 Wild Women was filmed in 1986 in and around Riverside California United States and was written and directed by David A. Prior. The film was shot back to back with Deadly Prey as part of the newly formed Action International Pictures.
 Pokhorony Stalina (AKA Stalin's Funeral) is a 1990 Soviet drama film written and directed by the famous poet Yevgeni Yevtushenko. The film stars the British actress Vanessa Redgrave.
 Exporting Raymond is a 2010 documentary film directed by Philip Rosenthal. The documentary follows Everybody Loves Raymond creator Philip Rosenthal on a journey to create a Russian version of the hit TV series under the name Voroniny.
 Pelican Blood is a 2010 film which premiered at the 2010 Edinburgh Film Festival. It is a low-budget film shot in a freewheeling style directed by Karl Golden adapted from Cris Freddi's novel by Cris Cole. The two main protagonists Nikko (Harry Treadaway) and Stevie (Emma Booth) are self-destructive people who have met through a suicide website. Nikko has an obsessive compulsive personality.
 Sukob (titled The Wedding Curse internationally) is a 2006 Filipino horror film starring Kris Aquino and Claudine Barretto. The movie was directed by Chito S. Roño who previously worked with Aquino in the 2004 hit horror film Feng Shui. Sukob is considered as the highest-grossing Filipino film of all-time earning PHP 186 million until in 2009 when it was surpassed by You Changed My Life in box office.
 Murders in the Zoo is 1933 horror film directed by A. Edward Sutherland written by Philip Wylie and Seton I. Miller. Considered particularly dark for its time film critic Leonard Maltin has called the film Astonishingly grisly.
 Raakuyil is a Malayalam language film written directed and produced by P. Bhaskaran. It was released in 1973.
 The Bearcat is a 1922 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 McVicar is a British drama film released in 1980 by The Who Films Ltd. starring Roger Daltrey of The Who in the title role of John McVicar.John McVicar was a 1960s armed robber turned writer who Scotland Yard publicly announced to be Public Enemy Number One and wanted dead or alive. The film was directed by Tom Clegg and was based on a non-fiction book written by John McVicar describing several months of his experiences in prison.
 In Memoriam is the 1977 Spanish directorial debut of Enrique Brasó. The film is based on a story by the Argentine writer Adolfo Bioy Casares. The film explores the thwarted romance between Julio (José Luis Gómez) and Paulina (Geraldine Chaplin). Brasó collaborated with Chaplin again as a writer in In the City Without Limits (2002) and Oculto (2005). In Memoriam was released in Spain on 2 September 1977.
 Law of Desire or La ley del deseo (in original Spanish) is a 1987 film by Pedro Almodóvar. Considered to be Almodóvar's first explicitly gay film it focuses on a complex love triangle between three men. It follows the more serious tone set by his film Matador exploring the ways in which society represses an individual's true desires with tragic consequences.
 Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu comedy film directed and produced Steven Shankar on Amrutha productions and VSS Creations banners jointly which stars debutantes Sampoornesh Babu Ishika Singh and Kavya Kumar in the lead roles. R.K. composed the music while Chiranjeevi handled the cinematography. The film is all about Sampoornesh a petty thief who robs parts in electronic shops and why this intelligent guy robs electronic shops.
 I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan written by Barry Fanaro and starring Adam Sandler and Kevin James as the title characters. The film was released on July 20 2007 in the United States; August 16 2007 in Australia; and on September 21 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
 The Education of Shelby Knox is 2005 documentary film that tells the coming-of-age story of public speaker and feminist Shelby Knox a teenager who joins a campaign for comprehensive sex education in the high schools of Lubbock Texas. TEOSK was an official selection of the Sundance Film Festival in 2005 and aired on PBS’ P.O.V. series that same year. It was directed and produced by Marion Lipschutz and Rose Rosenblatt.
 La poliziotta fa carriera (internationally released as Confessions of a Lady Cop) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is an unofficial sequel of Steno's La poliziotta in which sex and nudity become more explicit and at the same time it is a parody of the poliziottesco film genre.
 Française is a 2008 film.
 Maroa a Solveig Hoogesteijn film presented in association with TVE Canal + and with the support of Ibermedia ICAA and CNAC is a 2006 film. Venezuela's Official Selection for the 79th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film Maroa is according to Below the Line magazine:the story of an 11-year-old girl living in the slums of Caracas whose bleak future at the hands of a cruel grandmother Brigida and local thugs changes upon first hearing the notes of a classically played clarinet.
 Die Sieben vom Rhein is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Karunai Ullam is Tamil movie released in 1978 starring Sreekanth K. R. Vijaya and directed by A. Bhimsingh.
 In Like Flint (1967) is a film directed by Gordon Douglas the sequel to the parody spy film Our Man Flint (1966).It posits an international feminist conspiracy to depose the ruling American patriarchy with a feminist matriarchy. To achieve and establish this plan they kidnap and replace the U.S. President discredit the head of the Z.O.W.I.E. intelligence agency and commandeer a nuclear-armed space platform all directed from Fabulous Face a women's beauty farm in the Virgin Islands.
 Døden i gatene (English: Death in the streets) is a 1970 Norwegian drama film directed by Arnljot Berg starring Grynet Molvig Per Tofte and Arne Lindtner Næss. Youthful revolt is used as a cover for a government coup.
 Alvin and the Chipmunks is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Tim Hill. Based on the characters of the same name created by Ross Bagdasarian Sr. the film stars Jason Lee David Cross and Cameron Richardson with the voices of Justin Long Matthew Gray Gubler and Jesse McCartney. It was distributed by Twentieth Century Fox and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company.
 Mappillai Gounder is a 1997 Indian Tamil language film written and directed by Manivasagam. The film features Prabhu and Sukanya in the lead roles while Swathi plays a supporting role. The film which has music composed by Deva released in February 1997.
 Gratefulness also Katanho is a Cambodian Drama film based on a true life of a young girl who lived in Phnom Pehn. The film was considered one of the best films of the year in Cambodia. The film had a highly successful theatrical run and received several awards at the Khmer film festival. These included the best actress award for Ly Chan Siha. Despite being based on true life the film has some similarity to Thailand's 1985 film Walli (thai:วัลลี) .
 Choosing a Husband is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Florence Barker. Its survival status is unknown which implies that it is a lost film.
 Tierra de pasiones (Land of Passions) is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Dillinger is a 1991 television film directed by Rupert Wainwright and starring Mark Harmon as John Dillinger.
 Thalattu Padava is a 1990 Tamil drama film directed by R. Sundarrajan. The film features Parthiban Rupini and Kushboo in lead roles. The film produced by A. S. Ibrahim Rowther had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 5 September 1990.
 La Boum 2 is a 1982 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Claude Brasseur Brigitte Fossey and Sophie Marceau. Written by Danièle Thompson and Claude Pinoteau the film is about a teenager who falls in love with a boy and must deal with the question of making love for the first time. La Boum 2 is the sequel to La Boum (The Party). The music group Cook da Books became famous in many countries through their soundtrack song Your Eyes.
 Zigano is a 1925 French-German silent crime film directed by Gérard Bourgeois and Harry Piel and starring Piel Denise Legeay and Dary Holm. It premiered in Berlin on 27 July 1925.
 The Rainbowmaker is a 2008 Georgian film directed by Nana Jorjadze.
 Love in a Goldfish Bowl is a 1961 teen film directed by Jack Sher starring singing idols Tommy Sands and Fabian.
 Red River Valley is a 1936 American Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Frances Grant. Written by Dorrell and Stuart E. McGowan the film is about a ditch rider and his sidekick who set out to find out who has been causing the accidents at a dam construction site.
 Babes in Toyland is a 1961 Walt Disney Christmas musical film in Technicolor directed by Jack Donohue and distributed to theatres by Buena Vista Distribution. It stars Ray Bolger as Barnaby Annette Funicello as Mary Contrary Tommy Sands as Tom Piper and Ed Wynn as the Toymaker.The film was based upon Victor Herbert's popular 1903 operetta Babes in Toyland.
 Malibu's Most Wanted is a 2003 comedy film written by and starring Jamie Kennedy and co-starring Taye Diggs Anthony Anderson Blair Underwood Regina Hall Damien Dante Wayans Ryan O'Neal and Snoop Dogg. The film is written by the creators of MADtv Fax Bahr and Adam Small who also serve as producers.The character of B-Rad originally appeared in Jamie Kennedy's hidden camera show The Jamie Kennedy Experiment but started in his stand-up routine when he was starting out.
 Redenzione is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.
 Hulk Vs is a 2009 direct-to-video animated release from Marvel Animation and Lionsgate featuring the Incredible Hulk in two short films: Hulk Vs Wolverine and Hulk Vs Thor. The animation was by Madhouse and Kaare Andrews provided the DVD and Blu-ray packaging artwork.
 Investigation Held by ZnaToKi or Investigation Held by Experts (Russian: Следствие ведут ЗнаТоКи translit. Sledstvie vedut ZnaToKi) was a popular 1971-1989 Soviet detective TV-series with two Russian series (2002 and 2003).
 The Little Lady Next Door is a 1915 short film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Takva: A Man's Fear of God (Turkish: Takva) is a 2006 Turkish film directed by Özer Kızıltan.The film was Turkey's official submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 80th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Godfather is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Hriday Shetty which was released across theaters in Pakistan on October 14 2007. The film has massive star cast including both Pakistani and Indian actors and will show Vinod Khanna for the very first time on the Pakistani cinema screen. It was distributed nationwide by the private channel ARY Digital. The film had drawn many inspirations from Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather series and is a typical gangster film.
 Grey Matter is a 2011 Rwandan film directed by Kivu Ruhorahoza.
 Hold Your Man is a 1933 American romantic drama film directed by an uncredited Sam Wood and starring Jean Harlow and Clark Gable the third of their six films together. The screenplay by Anita Loos and Howard Emmett Rogers was based on a story by Loos.
 Ley Lines (Nihon Kuroshakai) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike and is the third film in his 'Triad Society' trilogy (also known as the Black Society Trilogy) following 1995's Shinjuku Triad Society and 1997's Rainy Dog. The story follows a trio of Japanese youths of Chinese descent who escape their semi-rural upbringing and relocate to Shinjuku Tokyo where they befriend a troubled Shanghai prostitute and fall foul of a local crime syndicate.
 Prema Pichollu (Telugu: ప్రేమ పిచ్చోళ్లూ) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. The film stars Chiranjeevi and Radhika in lead roles and Gummadi Venkateswara Rao Rao Gopal Rao and Allu Rama Lingaiah in supporting comic roles.
 All Night Long is a 1981 comedy film starring Barbra Streisand Gene Hackman Diane Ladd Dennis Quaid Kevin Dobson and William Daniels written by W. D. Richter and directed by Jean-Claude Tramont.
 Too Bad She's Bad (Italian: Peccato che sia una canaglia) is a 1954 Italian comedy directed by Alessandro Blasetti. It stars Sophia Loren and is based on Alberto Moravia's story Fanatico from his Racconti Romani.
 La neve nel bicchiere is a 1984 Italian drama film directed by Florestano Vancini. Iy is based on an eponymous novel written by Nerino Rossi.The film entered the competition at the 41st Venice International Film Festival.
 Tobacco (Bulgarian: Тютюн translit. Tyutyun) is a 1962 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikola Korabov. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.The film was based on Dimitar Dimov's best-selling novel Tobacco.
 Double Teamed! is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie based on the life stories of professional basketball players Heather and Heidi Burge. The film aired on the Disney Channel on January 18 2002 and was released on VHS which is now out of print.
 Thendral Sudum is a 1989 Indian Tamil language film starring	Nizhalgal Ravi Raadhika Sarathkumar and Senthil. Story and dialogue by Karunanidhi.
 A Man and a Woman (French: Un homme et une femme) is a 1966 French film written and directed by Claude Lelouch and starring Anouk Aimée and Jean-Louis Trintignant. Written by Lelouch and Pierre Uytterhoeven the film is about a young widow and widower who meet by chance at their children's boarding school and whose budding relationship is complicated by the memories of their deceased spouses.
 Bari Behen is 1949 Bollywood film directed by Ram Daryani.
 ZOS: Zone of Separation is a Canadian television drama mini-series co-executive produced by Paul Gross. It is an eight-part Canadian original drama mini-series about the life and death struggle to enforce a U.N.-brokered ceasefire in the fictional Sarajevo-like town of Jadac.
 The Quarrel is a 1991 Canadian film directed by Eli Cohen Saul Rubinek and R. H. Thomson. The film was written by David Brandes and Joseph Telushkin.
 Carola Lamberti – Eine vom Zirkus is an East German drama film directed by Hans Müller. It was released in 1954.
 Mijn nachten met Susan Olga Julie Piet en Sandra is a 1975 Dutch film directed by Pim de la Parra.
 The Blonde with Bare Breasts (French: La blonde aux seins nus) is a 2010 French film written and directed by Manuel Pradal.
 The Old Monk's Tale is a 1913 American drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley produced by The Edison Company and released by General Film Company. It features the first known film appearance of Harold Lloyd as an uncredited Yaqui Indian at a party.
 Nuba Conversations is a 2000 documentary and ethnographic film directed by Arthur Howes.
 The Purple Monster Strikes (1945) is a Republic Movie serial. It was also released as a television film under the title D-Day on Mars (1966).The original production title for the serial was The Purple Shadow Strikes. The sequel to this serial was the 1950 Flying Disc Man from Mars which used much of the footage from the original.
 The Queen in Australia is a 1954 documentary about the visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Australia in 1954. It was the first colour movie made in Australia.It was released in the US by the Australian government information service.
 moe.: Live at the Fillmore is name of the first live concert DVD released by moe. an American rock band. It was recorded on April 2 2005 at the Fillmore Denver in Denver Colorado and released to the public on October 3 2006.
 Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie is a 1996 film adaptation of the television series Mystery Science Theater 3000 produced and set between seasons 6 and 7 of the show. It was distributed by Gramercy Pictures and produced by Best Brains and Universal Studios.[citation needed]
 Night Shift is a 1982 American comedy film one of former actor Ron Howard's earliest directorial efforts. It stars Howard's Happy Days co-star Henry Winkler along with Michael Keaton in his first starring role and Shelley Long who later in the year would star as Diane Chambers in the popular sitcom Cheers. Also appearing are Richard Belzer and (as usual for Ron Howard films his brother) Clint Howard.
 Happy Birthday to Me is a 1981 slasher film filmed in Canada and directed by J. Lee Thompson written by John C. W. Saxton and starring Melissa Sue Anderson and Glenn Ford. It was released on 15 May 1981 and has since become something of a cult classic among fans of the slasher genre with its bizarre murder methods and twisted climactic revelation.[citation needed]
 The Deadlier Sex is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Robert Thornby which stars Blanche Sweet and features Boris Karloff. It was distributed by Pathé Exchange. Its survival status is classified as unknown which suggests that it is a lost film.
 Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power (Spanish: Blue Demon contra el poder satánico) is a 1966 Mexican film featuring Mexican wrestler Blue Demon. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Rebel Jesus is a film about the life of Jesus Christ. It was made in 1972 to capitalize on the concurrent release of the film versions of Jesus Christ Superstar and Godspell.
 This article is about a documentary. For the TVB drama see Born Rich (TV series).Born Rich is a 2003 documentary film about the experience of growing up as a child in one of the world's richest families. It was created by Jamie Johnson an heir to the Johnson & Johnson fortune.
 The Snow Queen is a British animated film directed by Martin Gates and inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale The Snow Queen featuring Helen Mirren in the titular role. In the film the evil Snow Queen plans to use an enormous magic mirror to so that it will plunge the world into a perpetual winter so she can take it over but when the mirror shatters and one piece enters the young Tom's body she kidnaps him to have all the pieces.
 Widecombe Fair is a 1928 British silent comedy drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring William Freshman Marguerite Allan Moore Marriott and Judd Green. A farmer is able to save his farm when he digs up buried treasure. The film's plot was adapted from a novel by Eden Philpotts loosely based on the popular folk song Widecombe Fair.
 The Ride is a documentary on professional bull riders. It was produced by Vice Media and directed by Meredith Danluck after originally being created for VBS.tv. It premiered at the SXSW Film Festival in 2010.
 Life's Shadows (Dutch: Levensschaduwen) is a 1916 Dutch silent crime film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 Mission Over Korea is a 1953 American war film released by Columbia Pictures directed by Fred F. Sears as his first feature-length film from a story by former war correspondent Richard Tregaskis author of Guadalcanal Diary. The film stars John Hodiak John Derek Audrey Totter and Maureen O'Sullivan. The Korean War provides the background including combat footage photographed by producer Robert Cohn and a camera crew near the front lines.
 At Gunpoint is a 1955 Western film starring Fred MacMurray.
 Render To Caesar is a 2014 Nigerian crime drama film written and produced by Desmond Ovbiagele directed by Desmond Ovbiagele and Onyekachi Ejim. It stars Wale Ojo Gbenga Akinnagbe Omoni Oboli and Bimbo Manuel with Special appearances from Kehinde Bankole and Femi Jacobs. The film was initially slated to be released in the second quarter of 2013 but was pushed back due to delayed post production; it was however released on 28 March 2014. The film was supported by Microsoft Trace and FCMB.
 Employee of the Month is a 2004 American dark comedy starring Matt Dillon and Christina Applegate.
 Prisoners of the Lost Universe is a low budget 1983 film set in a parallel universe and filmed in South Africa.Three people are transported to another world when an earthquake occurs just as the scientist is experimenting with his matter transmitter. The trio must escape the strange world of Vonya while dealing with a number of villains.
 History of Cinema is a 2008 Iranian Irish experimental film directed by Rouzbeh Rashidi. The film is an experimental derivation from the concept of cinema expressing this perception through images and sound. The 33 minute film reflects the notion of seventh art with complete personal and free interpretation.
 Endrendrum (Tamil: என்றென்றும்; English: Forever) is a 2013 Tamil thriller movie written directed and produced by Sinish Sreedharan and edited by Tirupattur Sathyanarayan Suresh. The film stars Sathish Krishnan and Priyanka Reddy in the lead roles and Theepetti Ganesan Meera Krishnan Nisha Goshal and Bala in other roles. The film was released in March 7 2014 to negative reviews.
 Barat (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Baby Love is a 1968 British drama film directed by Alastair Reid and starring Ann Lynn Keith Barron Linda Hayden and Diana Dors.
 The Place Beyond the Winds is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney. Four of the five reels survive in the film archive in the Library of Congress.
 One Good Turn is a 1951 British comedy film produced and directed by Arthur Maude who died before the studio release. It was written by Valerie Villiers-Bolton and involves a boy who saves a girl from a car accident and is invited to her party.
 We All Fall Down is a Canadian drama film directed by Martin Cummins and released in 2000.The film stars Darcy Belsher as Michael a young man whose life enters a downward spiral after the death of his mother. The film's cast also includes Helen Shaver Françoise Robertson Nicholas Campbell René Auberjonois Barry Pepper Mike Dopud and Ryan Reynolds.Shaver won the Genie Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 21st Genie Awards.
 Tilly of Bloomsbury is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Rex Wilson and starring Edna Best Tom Reynolds Henry Kendall and Isabel Jeans. It is based on the play Tilly of Bloomsbury by Ian Hay and was the first of three film adaptations.
 Cornetti alla crema aka Cream Horn and Creampuffs is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Sergio Martino. Edwige Fenech Lino Banfi and Milena Vukotic are featured in a comedic tale about a couple attempting to elude the woman's jealous boyfriend a professional football player as well as the man's wife.
 Spanking Love (スパンキング・ラブ) is a 1995 Japanese erotic film directed by Shōji Tanaka and based on a story by Kenichi Yamakawa.
 Any Other Side is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by Fang Yaxi.
 Big Girls Don't Cry (German: Große Mädchen weinen nicht) is a 2002 film. It is written and directed by Maria von Heland.
 For The Fleetwoods' song see (He's) The Great Imposter.The Great Impostor is a 1961 movie based on the true story of an impostor named Ferdinand Waldo Demara.Loosely based on Robert Crichton's 1959 biography of the same name it stars Tony Curtis in the title role directed by Robert Mulligan.The film only loosely follows Demara's real-life exploits and is much lighter in tone than the book on which it is based.
 Home of the Brave is a 1986 American concert film directed by and featuring the music of Laurie Anderson. The film's full on-screen title is Home of the Brave: A Film by Laurie Anderson. The performances were filmed at the Park Theater in Union City NJ during the summer of 1985.The film included appearances by guitarist Adrian Belew author William S. Burroughs (who famously briefly dances a slow tango with Anderson during one song) keyboardist Joy Askew and percussionist David Van Tieghem.
 Dream Girl is a 1948 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen adapted from the play of the same name written by Elmer Rice. It stars Betty Hutton and Macdonald Carey.
 The Wilby Conspiracy is a 1975 thriller film directed by Ralph Nelson and filmed in Kenya. It was written by Rodney Amateau based on the 1972 novel by Peter Driscoll. It had a limited release in the US.
 The Unpainted Woman is a 1919 drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 Las Noches del Hombre-Lobo also known as Nights of the Werewolf and Nights of the Wolfman is a 1968 Spanish horror film that is the second in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky played by Paul Naschy. The film is considered a lost film. It apparently was never theatrically released nor has it ever turned up on video.
 The Bells is a 1911 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln. It is based on the famous stage melodrama by Erckmann-Chatrian adapted by Leopold Lewis which had been adapted for the Australian stage by Lincoln.It is considered a lost film.
 Made in U.S.A. is a 1987 American crime drama / black comedy film directed by Ken Friedman from a screenplay by Zbigniew Kempinski. The film stars Adrian Pasdar and Chris Penn as two young men who decide to leave behind their working-class lives in the coal-mining country of Pennsylvania and travel to California. Along the way they pick up a hitchhiker (Lori Singer) and embark on a crime spree.
 Keep 'Em Slugging is a 1943 American film starring the Little Tough Guys and directed by Christy Cabanne for Universal Pictures.
 Down Under the Big Top is a 1996 American movie. It is the Newsboys' first feature film and was released as a direct-to-video title. The film also represents the first screenplay ever written by director Steve Taylor.
 'Stardust' is a 2006 miniseries produced for RTÉ by Brackside Merlin Films. The first episode surrounds the night a fire broke out at the Stardust Disco in North Dublin on 13 February 1981 in which 48 people died. The second episode depicts the search for answers and justice by families and survivors. It was screened over two nights on the 25th anniversary of the fire in 2006.
 Cocktail is a 1988 American romantic drama film directed by Roger Donaldson and written by Heywood Gould whose screenplay was based on his book of the same name. The film tells the story of a young New York City business student Brian Flanagan who takes up bartending in order to make ends meet.
 Eyes of the Navy is a 1940 American short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 13th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Unser täglich Brot is an East German film. It was released in 1949.
 Custodio de señoras is a 1979 Argentine comedy film directed by Hugo Sofovich.
 The Power Inside is a 2013 social film developed by Intel and Toshiba. It’s Intel and Toshiba’s third social film after The Beauty Inside (2012) and Inside (2011). Directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon and starring Harvey Keitel Analeigh Tipton and Craig Roberts the film is broken up into six filmed episodes interspersed with interactive storytelling that all takes place on the main character's Facebook timeline.
 La Chambre obscure (English title: The Dark Room) is a 2000 French drama film directed and written by Marie-Christine Questerbert.
 Georgia O'Keeffe is a 2009 American television biographical film produced by City Entertainment in association with Sony Television about noted American painter Georgia O'Keeffe and her husband photographer Alfred Stieglitz. The film was directed by Bob Balaban executive-produced by Joshua D. Maurer Alixandre Witlin and Joan Allen and line-produced by Tony Mark.
 The Eternal Jew (1940) is an antisemitic German Nazi propaganda film presented as a documentary. It has been characterized as [s]urely the most hideous success of the anti-Semitic films made during the Nazi era. The film's title in German is Der ewige Jude the German term for the character of the Wandering Jew in medieval folklore. At the insistence of Nazi Germany's Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels the film was directed by Fritz Hippler.
 Mountain Music is a 1937 American comedy-musical film directed by Robert Florey. Paramount quickly reunited Raye and Burns from their pairing in Waikiki Wedding of earlier the same year. The plot rooted in Burns' comic hillbilly persona from radio revolves around a longstanding feud between two country families of Monotony Arkansas and an amnesia-prone groom. This was Wally Vernon's first film. Some sources have Charles Reisner as co-director.
 Mujeres perdidas is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Misery is a 1990 American psychological horror thriller film based on Stephen King's 1987 novel and starring James Caan Kathy Bates Lauren Bacall Richard Farnsworth and Frances Sternhagen. Directed by Rob Reiner the film received critical acclaim for Bates's performance as the psychopathic Annie Wilkes and Bates won the 1990 Academy Award for Best Actress for her role making Misery as of 2014 the only Stephen King adaptation to be an Oscar winning film.
 Doppelganger (a.k.a. Doppelganger: The Evil Within) is a 1993 film starring Drew Barrymore. The story follows Holly Gooding (Barrymore) who moves from New York City to Los Angeles after being implicated in a murder. She is followed by what is apparently her evil twin. While in LA she finds a room for rent by a writer and the two begin a love affair. After some strange occurrences it becomes less and less clear whether the woman is in fact Holly or her Doppelgänger.
 Ciao Professore! (original title Io speriamo che me la cavo or Me Let's Hope I Make It) is a 1992 Italian fish out of water comedy film about an elementary school teacher from northern Italy who is sent by mistake to an impoverished town in the Naples region of southern Italy. There he must deal with vast cultural differences and teach chronically truant children who only respect violence and power.
 Raffles (1939) is a film starring David Niven and Olivia de Havilland and is one of several film adaptations of an 1899 novel by E. W. Hornung Raffles the Amateur Cracksman. Sidney Howard wrote the screenplay for the 1930 version died in 1939 and was given credit as co-author of the screenplay with John Van Druten. F. Scott Fitzgerald may also have worked on the script but this is unconfirmed.
 Thambikku Indha Ooru (Tamil: தம்பிக்கு இந்த ஊரு; English: This town for my brother) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Badri. It stars Bharath Sana Khan Prabhu Vivek and Madalsa Sharma in the lead roles. The film was released on 5 March 2010 to negative reviews and was declared a box office bomb.
 Notizie dagli scavi (internationally released as News from the Excavations) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Emidio Greco. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Franco Lucentini. It premiered out of competition at the 67th Venice International Film Festival. The film was awarded with two Globi D'Oro for best director and for best screenplay.
 15 Amore is a 1998 Australian film.
 Jatt Boyz Putt Jattan De is a Punjabi movie that was released on August 23 2013.
 Ivan Veramathiri (English: He is different) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by M. Saravanan and produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirupathi Brothers. The film stars Vikram Prabhu Surabhi Ganesh Venkatraman Vamsi Krishna and Hariraj. The background score and soundtrack were composed by C. Sathya. The film was released on December 13 2013. Telugu dubbed version Citizen released on March 21 2014.
 The Phantom from 10000 Leagues is a 1955 science fiction film. It was directed by Dan Milner and produced by Jack Milner two former film editors and starred Kent Taylor. The movie was released December 1955 as a double feature with Day the World Ended; American Releasing Corporation's first double feature. American Releasing Corporation soon changed their name to American International Pictures. Both films cost approximately $100000 each. It has had many DVD releases.
 The Blue Light (German: Das blaue Licht) is a black-and-white 1932 film written and directed by Leni Riefenstahl and Béla Balázs with uncredited scripting by Carl Mayer. In Riefenstahl's film version the witch Junta played by Riefenstahl is intended to be a sympathetic character. Filming took place in the Brenta Dolomites in Ticino Switzerland and Sarntal Italy.
 Navagraha is Indian Kannada movie directed by Dinakar starring Darshan and Sharmila Mandre. It is a heist movie.
 Buddies (Swedish: Polare) is a 1976 Swedish drama film directed by Jan Halldoff. Halldoff won the award for Best Director at the 12th Guldbagge Awards.
 Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Bonds (劇場版 NARUTO−ナルト− 疾風伝 絆 Gekijōban Naruto Shippūden: Kizuna) is the fifth overall Naruto film and is the second Naruto: Shippūden film. It was released on August 2 2008. The movie was announced in Weekly Shōnen Jump along with the DVD release date for the first Shippūden movie. Additionally the teaser trailer for the second movie was aired with Naruto: Shippūden episode(s) 40–41 and again with episode 66–67.
 Le Jaguar is a 1996 French film directed by Francis Veber starring Jean Reno Patrick Bruel Harrison Lowe and Patricia Velásquez. A shaman from the South American rain forest visits France for a public relations (PR) campaign. In a hotel's elevator in Paris he meets a French good-for-nothing named Perrin he is fascinated with. He follows Perrin to his flat and although Perrin is not very enthusiastic about so much interest in his person he lets the shaman spend the night in his flat.
 The Great Defender is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Matheson Lang Margaret Bannerman and Arthur Margetson. Its plot concerns a top barrister who conducts the defence of an artist facing the death penalty for allegedly murdering his model while himself battling with serious illness.
 A Place in the World (Spanish: Un lugar en el mundo) is a 1992 Argentine drama film co-written co-produced and directed by Adolfo Aristarain. The film features José Sacristán Federico Luppi Leonor Benedetto and others.The drama won numerous awards and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was declared ineligible and removed from the final ballot because it had been submitted by Uruguay which had exercised insufficient artistic control over the film.
 Los Tigres del ring (The Tigers of the Ring) is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 After The Dark (formerly known as The Philosophers) is a science fiction psychological thriller film written and directed by John Huddles. This is Huddles’ third feature film and stars Sophie Lowe Rhys Wakefield Bonnie Wright James D'Arcy Daryl Sabara Freddie Stroma Cinta Laura and Katie Findlay. The film premiered in competition at Neuchâtel International Fantastic Film Festival on 7 July 2013. The film also premiered at Fantasy Filmfest on 21 August 2013.
 Divorce American Style is a 1967 American satirical comedy film directed by Bud Yorkin and starring Dick Van Dyke Debbie Reynolds Jean Simmons Jason Robards and Van Johnson. Norman Lear produced the film and wrote the script based on a story by Robert Kaufman. It focuses on a married couple that opts for divorce when counseling fails to help them resolve their various problems and the problems presented by divorced people by alimony. The title is an homage to Divorce Italian Style (1961).
 Onibi (鬼火) is a 1997 Japanese film directed by Rokuro Mochizuki.
 Along the Way is the first live concert DVD from punk band Bad Religion. The concert footage was taken from fourteen different European stops on their 1989 tour for the album Suffer. It was originally released on VHS in Germany in 1990 (with a different cover) and in the United States in the following year and on DVD for the first time in 2004 coinciding with the reissues of the band's pre-Recipe for Hate albums.
 Deathwatch is a 2002 British horror film directed by Michael J. Bassett.
 Stagecoach is a 1966 American film a remake of the 1939 John Ford western Stagecoach.
 Mondays in the Sun (Spanish: Los lunes al sol) is a 2002 Spanish film directed by Fernando León de Aranoa and starring Javier Bardem. The film depicts the degrading effects of unemployment on a group of men left jobless by the closure of the shipyards in Vigo Galicia.
 Lion's Heart is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Reise ins Ehebett is an East German film. It was released in 1966.
 Real Pests (Slovene: To so gadi) is a 1977 Slovenian comedy film by the writer and director Jože Bevc starring Bert Sotlar Dare Valič and Majda Potokar. The film was one of the most successful films in Slovenia holding the domestic box office record for almost 15 years.
 Il segreto del castello di Monroe is a 1914 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 The Lovemaster is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Michael Goldberg and starring Craig Shoemaker Courtney Thorne-Smith George Wendt and Richard Singer.
 Kaanch Ki Deewar (Hindi: कांच की दीवार; English: Walls of glass) is a 1986 Indian Bollywood film directed by M.N. Yasin and produced by Kamal Chowdhary. It stars Sanjeev Kumar and Smita Patil in pivotal roles.
 The Step Up films are a series of dance/romance-drama films based on the characters by Duane Adler and Melissa Rosenberg. The first film Step Up directed by Anne Fletcher and Mico Heltborg was released in 2006. Jon M. Chu went on to direct its two sequels: Step Up 2: The Streets and Step Up 3D. Chu went on only to produce the fourth entry Step Up Revolution while Scott Speer directed it.
 The Big Empty is a 2003 drama film directed and written by Steve Anderson. It stars Jon Favreau as a struggling actor with a bizarre request from his neighbor to deliver a suitcase that he cannot open. While there he meets an unusual cast of characters and starts to think this delivery might be more than it seems.
 Vetri Selvan is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Rudhran featuring Ajmal Ameer and Radhika Apte in the lead roles. This film is about three youth who have been rejected by the society and how they try to reform it.
 Lisinski is a 1944 film directed by Oktavijan Miletić about the life of Croatian composer Vatroslav Lisinski. Music for the film was recorded by Boris Papandopulo.A restored copy of the film was released in 2009. Jutarnji List declared the movie the best Croatian release of the year.
 Bereavement is a 2010 American slasher film starring Michael Biehn Alexandra Daddario John Savage and Nolan Gerard Funk. It is a prequel to director Steven Mena's previous film Malevolence and centers on a child who is abducted and forced to bear witness to a madman's crimes.
 Expired is a 2007 comedy-drama film and the first writer-director credit for Cecilia Miniucchi whose previous credits include the documentary on the work of artist Hermann Nitsch entitled Nitsch 1998. It stars Samantha Morton Jason Patric Ileana Douglas and Teri Garr.The film was shown at several festivals over 2007 and 2008 but has not yet gone into general release in the US or Europe.
 Run is a Hindi film released in the year 2004. It stars Abhishek Bachchan and Bhumika Chawla in the lead roles. It is directed by Jeeva and is a remake of the Tamil blockbuster of the same name starring Madhavan and Meera Jasmine. The film was produced by Boney Kapoor and Sridevi. The major portion of the film was shot at Marwah Studios in Noida. This film is majorly known for Vijay Raaz's comic performance. His performance was immensely praised and was the only saving grace of the film.
 The Straw Hat (Russian: Соломенная шляпка translit. Solomennaya shlyapka) is a 1974 Soviet musical comedy film directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze based on a play by Eugène Labiche. Music composed by Isaac Schwartz.
 Codine is a 1963 French-Romanian crime film directed by Henri Colpi. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival where it won the award for Best Screenplay.
 The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of fantasy films from Walden Media based on The Chronicles of Narnia a series of novels written by C. S. Lewis. From the seven novels there have been three film adaptations so far—The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005) Prince Caspian (2008) and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (2010) which have grossed over $1.5 billion worldwide among them.
 Tecumseh is a 1972 East German western film directed by Hans Kratzert and starring Gojko Mitic Annekathrin Bürger and Rolf Römer. The film depicts the life of the Native American leader Tecumsah (1768-1813) including his role in Tecumseh's War and his later death in the War of 1812 while fighting with the British against the United States.The film is a red western made by DEFA the state-owned East German studio.
 Lesbian Harem (レスビアンハーレム) is a 1987 Japanese pink film directed by Tomoaki Hosoyama.
 Grand Slam is a 1978 sports comedy film produced by BBC Wales. The film starred Oscar-winning actor Hugh Griffith Windsor Davies Dewi Pws Morris and Sion Probert. The play was written for television by Gwenlyn Parry and then-head of drama for BBC Wales John Hefin.
 Manimuzhakkam (English: The Tolling of Bells) is a 1976 Malayalam–language feature film directed by P. A. Backer and starring Harikeshan Thampi Veeran Johnson Sankaradi Saritha Urmila Vani Charulatha Santhakumari and Meena Ganesh. The film was scripted by Backer based on the novel Murippaadukal by Sarah Thomas. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam and the Kerala State Film Award for Best Film.
 Jungle Fever is a 1991 American drama film directed by Spike Lee starring Wesley Snipes and Annabella Sciorra. It was Lee's fifth feature-length film. The film mainly explores interracial relationships against the urban backdrop of the streets of 1990s New York City.
 Tlayucan is a 1962 Mexican comedy film directed by Luis Alcoriza and based on a novel by Jesús Murciélago Velázquez. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 1-2-3 Corona is an East German film directed by Hans Müller. It was released in 1948.
 Gruesome School Trip (Dutch: De Griezelbus lit. The Horror Bus) is a 2005 Dutch film based on the novel series De Griezelbus by Paul van Loon.The film received a Golden Film award for having been viewed by over 100000 people.
 Nugam is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Jeffy and produced by Synergy Creations. The film features Jeybala Iniya Vijayakumar and Preethi in the lead roles. The film opened to negative reviews upon release on October 18 2013.
 Stark Love (1927) is a feature film directed by Karl Brown and released by Paramount Pictures. The film is a maverick production in both design and concept is a beautifully photographed mix of lyrical anthropology and action melodrama from director Karl Brown. “Man is absolute ruler. Woman is working slave.” Such are the rigid attitudes framing this tale of a country boy’s beliefs about chivalry that lead him to try to escape a brutal father with the girl he loves.
 Muqaddar Ka Badshah is a 1990 Bollywood film directed by Rama Rao Tatineni. The film stars Vinod Khanna Shabana Azmi Vijayshanti Anupam Kher Kader Khan and Amrish Puri. Dialogues of this movie became very popular and therefore audio cassette of Dialogues were released it was written by Iqbal Durrani.
 Pin Up Girl is a 1944 20th Century Fox Technicolor musical romantic comedy motion picture starring Betty Grable John Harvey Martha Raye and Joe E. Brown.Directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and produced by William LeBaron the screenplay was adapted by Robert Ellis Helen Logan and Earl Baldwin based on a short story titled Imagine Us! (1942) by Libbie Block.Pin Up Girl capitalized on Grable's iconic pin-up status during World War II even using her famous swimsuit photo in portions of the movie.
 Not to be confused with Julie & Julia a 2009 film starring Meryl Streep.Julia and Julia (Italian: Giulia e Giulia) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Peter Del Monte. The screenplay by Silvia Napolitano Sandro Petraglia Joseph Minion and Del Monte is based on a story by Napolitano.
 The Thing About My Folks is a 2005 American drama film directed by Raymond De Felitta. The screenplay by Paul Reiser focuses on the effect a terminal illness has on the marriage of an aging couple and their adult children.
 Saaku Magalu (Kannada: ಸಾಕು ಮಗಳು) is a 1963 Kannada language romantic drama film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu and starring Rajkumar and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles. The film marked the entry of acclaimed actress Kalpana who went on to become one of the sought after actresses in Kannada cinema. The film was also simultaneously made and released in Telugu as Pempudu Kuthuru starring NTR Devika and Sowcar Janaki
 Bobby Jasoos is an upcoming 2014 Indian pacy dramedy directed by Samar Shaikh and produced by Dia Mirza and Sahil Sangha under the banner of Born Free Entertainment. It features Vidya Balan in the lead role. Music of the film has been composed by Shantanu Moitra. The film is slated to release on July 4 2014.
 The Killing Kind is a 1973 American psychological horror directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Ann Sothern and John Savage. The film is based on a screenplay by Tony Crechales whose screenplay was revised by producer George Edwards an associate producer on Harrington's previous film What's the Matter with Helen? (1971).
 Änglagård – tredje gången gillt is a Swedish film that premiered on 25 December 2010 in cinemas. Is the third film of the Änglagård film trilogy.
 In Country is a 1989 American drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison starring Bruce Willis and Emily Lloyd. The screenplay by Frank Pierson and Cynthia Cidre was based on the novel by Bobbie Ann Mason. The original music score was composed by James Horner. Willis earned a best supporting actor Golden Globe nomination for his role.
 The Captains is a 2011 feature documentary that follows actor William Shatner through interviews with the other actors who have portrayed starship captains in five other incarnations of the Star Trek franchise. Shatner's subjects discuss their lives and careers before during and after their tenure with Star Trek. They explore the pressures stigmas and sacrifices that accompanied their roles and their larger careers.
 Rebel in Paradise is a 1960 American documentary film on the artist Paul Gauguin produced by Robert D. Fraser. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Sir Galahad of Twilight is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres and written by Marie Layet. The film stars Perry Banks Reaves Eason William Garwood Jack Richardson Harry von Meter and Vivian Rich.
 Nasib Si Labu Labi (The Fate of Labu and Labi colloquially What Happened to Labu and Labi) is a 1962 Malaysian buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The film is a sequel to Labu dan Labi and features a number of returning cast members.
 Silent Night is a 2012 American-Canadian horror film directed by Steven C. Miller. It is a very loose remake of Charles E. Sellier's 1984 film Silent Night Deadly Night and is also loosely based on the real life Covina massacre. The film was given a theatrical release on November 30 2012 and was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on December 4 2012.
 Homage to Chagall: The Colours of Love is a 1977 Canadian documentary film directed by Harry Rasky. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Darling is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Prabhas and Kajal Aggarwal in the lead roles while Tamil actor Prabhu plays a key role. The music is composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar. The film was released on 23 April 2010 and has received positive reviews from both critics and the audience. The film was a commercial success at the box office. It was later dubbed in Hindi under the title Sabse Badhkar Hum It was remade into Kannada as Bulbul.
 Neapolitan Turk (Italian: Un turco napoletano) is a 1953 Italian 3D comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
 Fatty's Finish is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Stir of Echoes: The Homecoming is a 2007 American television film produced by Lions Gate Entertainment. The film premiered on the Sci Fi Channel.
 The Mountain (Turkish: Dağ) is a 2012 Turkish drama film directed by Alper Çağlar.The film tells a fictional story in which a duty team sent from a troop to repair a field antenna suddenly falls into an ambush. One short and one long term soldier the only ones to survive finally put an end to the war between themselves and join hands for the struggle against the real enemy. Carrying only two rifles four clips a broken antenna and their survival instincts.
 Immoral Affairs (不機嫌な果実 Fukigen na kajitsu) is a Japanese film made in 1997 by the Shochiku studio and directed by Katsuo Naruse. It centers on two characters: Mayako played by Kaho Minami a young woman who is not content with her husband and begins to have many affairs with other men and Kiriko Okabe played by Isako Washio a woman whom she befriends. Mayako's husband is played by Jinpachi Nezu.
 Velugu Needalu (English title: Light and Shadows) is a 1964 Telugu film directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and produced by Dukkipati Madhusudhana Rao of Annapurna Pictures. Tamil version of the film was called Tuya Ulam.
 The Talented Mr. Ripley is a 1999 American psychological thriller written for the screen and directed by Anthony Minghella. An adaptation of the 1955 Patricia Highsmith novel of the same name the film stars Matt Damon as Tom Ripley Jude Law as Dickie Greenleaf and Gwyneth Paltrow as Marge Sherwood.The novel was previously filmed as Plein Soleil in 1960.
 Subramaniapuram is a 2008 Tamil film produced written and directed by M. Sasikumar. The low-budget film received critical acclaim for its original script expert direction screenplay editing accurate sets and costumes to resurrect Madurai from the 1980s. Sasikumar cast then relatively new actors Jai Swathi Ganja Karuppu and himself in pivotal roles. Shot in a remarkable 85 days it became a huge box office grosser.
 Player Hating: A Love Story is a 2010 documentary film about Brooklyn rapper Half-A-Mil written and directed by Maggie Hadleigh-West.
 Boy Eats Girl is a 2005 horror-comedy film directed by Stephen Bradley and starring Samantha Mumba produced and shot in Republic of Ireland. The plot tells of a teenage boy who comes back to life as a zombie similar to the plot of the American film My Boyfriend's Back.
 Bikini Beach is a 1964 American teen film directed by William Asher and starring Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello. The film belongs to the beach party genre of movies popular in the 1960s. This is the third in the series of seven films produced by American International Pictures (AIP).
 Race is a 2013 Tollywood romance film directed by Ramesh Raparthi and produced by Anne Ravi released on 1 March 2013.
 Arie (Russian:Арье) is a 2004 Russian film by Roman Kachanov a story of Russian and Jewish life.
 Goat Story - The Old Prague Legends (Czech: Kozí příběh - pověsti staré Prahy) is a 2008 Czech computer-animated feature film. Directed by Jan Tománek and produced by Art And Animation studio. It was the first Czech and East Europe feature-length computer animated film. It won the main prize at the 2010 Buenos Aires International Children's Film Festival. The film featured on the cover of the March 2008 edition of American magazine Animation.
 Hombres a precio is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Seventeen Times Cecile Cassard (French: 17 fois Cécile Cassard) is a 2002 French drama film directed by Christophe Honoré. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
 Brave is a 1994 musical film directed by Richard Stanley and based on the 1994 concept album Brave by English progressive rock band Marillion.
 The Sun Behind the Clouds looks at China's occupation of Tibet from the perspective of the vocally secessionist Tibetan youth and from that of their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama whose reaction to the Chinese presence has been markedly less confrontational. Directed by Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam the film features interviews with the Dalai Lama and Tenzin Tsundue.
 Naseeb is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kirti Kumar and produced by Vinay Kumar Sinha. It stars Govinda and Mamta Kulkarni in pivotal roles.
 La Loi du nord is a 1939 French adventure drama film directed by Jacques Feyder who co-wrote screenplay with Alexandre Arnoux and Charles Spaak based on novel Telle qu'elle était de son vivant by Maurice Constantin-Weyer. The films stars Michèle Morgan Pierre Richard-Willm and Charles Vanel. It tells the story of an escaped prisoner his woman secretary and two guardsmen in the Far North. It competed for the Golden Palm at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Revolutionary Road is a 2008 American drama film based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Richard Yates directed by Sam Mendes. This is the second collaboration between Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet who previously co-starred in Titanic. Winslet's performance earned her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and the film was nominated for a further three Golden Globes four BAFTAs and three Oscars.The film premiered in Los Angeles on 15 December 2008 followed by a limited U.S.
 The Ladies Club is a 1986 rape and revenge film directed by Janet Greek
 Summer Lovers is a 1982 film written and directed by Randal Kleiser starring Peter Gallagher Daryl Hannah and Valerie Quennessen and filmed on location on the island of Santorini Greece. The original music score is composed by Basil Poledouris. The movie featured Hard to Say I'm Sorry a #1 hit for Chicago and I'm so Excited by The Pointer Sisters.
 The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink.
 The Sand Pebbles is a 1966 American period war film directed by Robert Wise. It tells the story of an independent rebellious U.S. Navy Machinist's Mate First Class aboard the fictional gunboat USS San Pablo in 1920s China.The film features Steve McQueen Richard Attenborough Richard Crenna Candice Bergen Mako Simon Oakland Larry Gates and Marayat Andriane (later known as a writer of erotic fiction under the nom de plume Emmanuelle Arsan).
 Khilona (English: Toy) is a 1970 Indian film directed by Chander Vohra starring Sanjeev Kumar and Mumtaz in lead roles.
 Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer (English: Therefore Go Ahead and Love Tamil: ஆதலால் காதல் செய்வீர்) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Suseenthiran. It features debutant Santhosh Ramesh (Singanamala Ramesh's second son) and Manisha Yadav of Vazhakku Enn 18/9 fame in the lead roles. It is produced by Nallu Studios and music by Yuvan Shankar Raja. Cinematography is by Soorya.A.R editing by Antony stunts by Anal Arasu lyrics by Vaali and Yugabharathi.
 Jologs (stylized as JOLOGS) is a 2002 Filipino teen comedy-drama film directed by Gilbert Perez and released by Star Cinema. The film featured an ensemble cast as well as cameos from well-known Filipino celebrities. Jologs is a Filipino derogatory slang that is used to describe a tawdry person who belongs to the lower class.
 Denk bloß nicht ich heule (English: Just Don't Think I'll Cry) is a 1965 East German drama film directed by Frank Vogel of DEFA Studio. Until 27 April 1990 the film was banned in East Germany because of its social criticism. The film was said to have problematized the oppression of critical young people in East German schools.
 The Cherry Picker is 1974 British drama film directed by Peter Curran and starring Lulu Bob Sherman Wilfrid Hyde-White Patrick Cargill Jack Hulbert Fiona Curzon Terry-Thomas and Marianne Stone. As of August 2010 the film is missing from the BFI National Archive and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's 75 Most Wanted lost films despite the film not being lost.
 True Colors (1991) is an American drama film written by Kevin Wade and directed by Herbert Ross. The cast included John Cusack James Spader and Richard Widmark in his final movie role.
 Mantis in Lace is a 1968 sexploitation film directed by William Rotsler and produced by Harry Novak. At least two differently-edited versions have been released one of which has more emphasis on the sexual aspect of the film and one of which emphasizes its violent storyline. The movie may have also been released under the name of the main character Lila.
 Jayadeb(1962) (Oriya: ଜୟଦେବ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Byomkesh Tripathi about Jayadeva a well known Sanskrit poet and lyricist of Orissa
 Crayons and Paper is a documentary short featuring Dr. Jerry Ehrlich a pediatrician who has worked with Doctors Without Borders. To document the effect of war on children Dr. Ehrlich has the children draw pictures of their lives. The film features drawings made by children in Sri Lanka and Darfur.The film is a follow-up to the documentary Facing Sudan.
 Old Mother Riley Headmistress is a low budget black and white 1950 British comedy film starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane. The 13th film in the Old Mother Riley series it features the Luton Girls Choir playing many of Mother Riley's pupils.
 Laat Saheb is a Bollywood film released in 1946.
 My Brother The Serial Killer is a 2012 documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers otherwise known as the Casanova Killer who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons. The documentary was narrated by Rogers' brother Clay Rogers and aired on Investigation Discovery in November 2012. My Brother the Serial Killer received widespread media attention for Clay's claims that his brother was responsible for the 1994 murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Lyle Goldman.
 Hunter Prey is a 2010 independent science fiction action film directed by Sandy Collora and written by Nick Damon and Collora.It stars Damion Poitier Isaac C. Singleton Jr. and Clark Bartram. It was shot on location in Mexico with the RED camera. The film debuted at a preview screening at the University of Southern California in February 2010 and was released on DVD on July 27 2010.
 Darkened Room is an 8-minute film directed by David Lynch. It first appeared on Lynch's website DavidLynch.com in 2002. It has subsequently been released on the DVD anthology Dynamic:01.In the first half of the film a Japanese woman shows us her apartment in Tokyo and muses on the amount of bananas produced worldwide. The woman then tells us that her friend next door is sad. In the second half a blonde woman (Jordan Ladd) sits on a sofa and cries.
 Manika is a 1986 socio-mythological Oriya-language Indian feature film directed by R.Asrar. The film depicts the legendary story of one of the devotee of Lord Jagannath Manika the milk maid.
 Kunal Kohli's Next is a 2012 Hindi romance film. The film is a romantic love story directed by Kunal Kohli and stars Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra who are working for the first time after the Blockbuster Kaminey. The film is set in the 1960s and 70s and Priyanka Chopra is playing an actress of 60s and 70s. Both actors have four different looks and their love story spans over 100 years.
 Sinners is a 2007 motion picture based on true story and written and directed by Tory Christopher. Eleven Eleven Pictures produced the feature. The film stars Ben Kurland Matthew Christopher and Sean Hoagland.
 Presagio (Omen) is a 1975 Mexican film directed and written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Judy's Little No-No (also released as Let's Do It) is a 1969 crime film about an go-go dancer who is targeted by gangsters after coming into possession of a priceless jewel. The film was directed and written by Sherman Price and stars Elisa Ingram John Davis Lodge and Joe E. Ross.
 Fast Cheap & Out of Control is a 1997 film by documentary filmmaker Errol Morris. It profiles four subjects with extraordinary careers: Dave Hoover who is a lion tamer; George Mendonça who created topiaries at Green Animals Topiary Garden in Portsmouth Rhode Island including giraffes made out of boxwood; Ray Mendez a hairless mole-rats expert; and Rodney Brooks an M.I.T.
 Everything Must Go is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Dan Rush and starring Will Ferrell. The film was based on Raymond Carver's short story Why Don't You Dance? and was released in theaters on May 13 2011.
 Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who is a 2007 documentary by Murray Lerner and Paul Crowder about English rock and roll band The Who. The film features new interviews with band members Roger Daltrey John Entwistle Kenney Jones and Pete Townshend as well as Sting The Edge Noel Gallagher Eddie Vedder Steve Jones and others as well as rare photos of the four members of the band and archival live footage of performances dating back to 1964.
 Final Destination 3 is a 2006 American horror film and the third installment of the Final Destination franchise. It was directed and co-written by James Wong who also directed and co-wrote the first film and was produced by Wong and his writing partner Glen Morgan with franchise producers Craig Perry and Warren Zide. Released on February 10 2006 the film performed well at the box office and gained a mixed reception from critics.
 On the Mountain of Tai Hang (Chinese: 太行山上; pinyin: Tài Háng shān shàng) is a 2005 Chinese film about the newly formed Eighth Route Army led by general commander Zhu De marching east cross the Yellow River to form Mount Tai Hang military region during the Second Sino-Japanese War. It was produced by the People's Liberation Army-associated August First Film Studio and directed by Wei Lian Shen Dong and Chen Jian.
 They Had to See Paris is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Will Rogers Irene Rich and Marguerite Churchill. A wealthy American oil tycoon travels to Paris with his family at his wife's request despite the fact he hates the French. Rogers starred in a similar film the following year So This Is London with the location switched to London.
 The Power of the Game is a 2007 documentary directed by Michael Apted. The film shows several stories across the world highlighting the social impact of soccer. The film premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival.
 The Dub Room Special is a film produced by Frank Zappa for direct-to-video release in October 1982. The video combines footage from a performance at the KCET studios in Los Angeles on August 27 1974 a concert performed at The Palladium NYC on October 31 1981 some clay animation by Bruce Bickford and several interviews. The video was only available through mail-order and thus was unseen by many of Zappa's fans until it was made widely available on DVD on October 17 2005.
 Athirathram is a 1984 Malayalam crime film directed by I.V. Sasi. The film's central character is Tharadas (portrayed by Mammootty) re-appears in Sasi's 2006 film Balram vs. Taradas. Character of Tharadas is based on a real life smuggler called KS. Abdhulla from Kasrgod district of Kerala [1].
 Innocent Prey is an Australian horror film which was shot in 1983.
 Another Man's Poison is a 1951 British drama film directed by Irving Rapper and starring Bettie Davis Gary Merrill and Emlyn Williams. The screenplay by Val Guest is based on the play Intent to Murder by Leslie Sands.
 Valérie is a 1969 black-and-white Quebec film starring Danielle Ouimet who plays Valérie and Guy Godin. It was the first Quebec film to show nudity. [1]
 Daddy's Deadly Darling (also titled Pigs Daddy's Girl The Strange Love Exorcist and Roadside Torture Chamber) is a 1972 horror film directed by Marc Lawrence and currently distributed by Troma Entertainment.Toni Lawrence plays Lynn Webster an escapee from a mental hospital who takes refuge in a local farm inhabited by Mr. Zambrini and his pack of flesh-eating pigs. When Lynn starts killing people who remind her of her abusive father Zambrini feeds the remains to his sadistic sows.
 The Flight Commander is a 1927 British silent war film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Alan Cobham Estelle Brody and John Stuart. It was made by British Gaumont at their Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush. The celebrated First World War pilot Alan Cobham appeared as himself.The film focused on the bombardment of a Chinese town. It was built with great publicity in Hendon.
 Hilarious is a concert film by comedian Louis C.K. as well as his third album containing the audio of the concert recorded at The Pabst Theater in Milwaukee. The film was first screened at the Sundance Film Festival on January 26 2010 had a one-day theater screening in select cities on September 8 2010 and had its world premiere on the television network Epix on September 18 2010. The film received two nominations at the 2011 Primetime Emmy Awards.
 Bomb the System is a drama film written and directed by Adam Bhala Lough which was released to film festivals in 2002 (see 2002 in film) and American theaters in 2005. It revolves around a group of graffiti artists living in New York City who decide to make a mark on the city and stars Mark Webber Gano Grills Jaclyn DeSantis Jade Yorker Bönz Malone Kumar Pallana and Joey SEMZ.
 Dead Ringers: The Making of Touch of Grey is a music documentary film about the American rock group the Grateful Dead. It depicts the production of the band's first music video for their song Touch of Grey.Dead Ringers was directed by Justin Kreutzmann the son of Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann. Released on VHS video tape in 1987 it is 30 minutes long.The film is known by several different names.
 The Oil Raider is a 1934 American film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.
 No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahe is a Marathi comedy film released on 7 September 2012. The film is being directed by Ankush Chaudhary and produced by Prem Rajagopalan and Nikhil Saini. The films stars Ankush Chaudhary Bharat Jadhav Aniket Vishwasrao Kranti Redkar Manwa Naik Sai Lokur Sai Tamhankar and Paddy Kambli. It's a remake of 2002 Tamil Super-Hit film Charlie Chaplin.
 Edges of the Lord is an award-winning 2001 film written and directed by Yurek Bogayevicz set in Poland during World War II starring Willem Dafoe and Haley Joel Osment.
 Aai is a 2004 Indian Tamil language film starring Sarath Kumar Namitha Vadivelu and Kalabhavan Mani. It was a successful film with a good soundtrack.
 Night of the Living Dead 3D or Night of the Living DE3D is a 2006 horror film made in 3D. It is the second remake of the 1968 horror classic Night of the Living Dead. The first was released in 1990 and was directed by Tom Savini from a revised screenplay by George A. Romero. Unlike the first remake no one involved with the original is involved with this version.
 Aag (originally titled Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag) is a Bollywood action drama film fully created by Ram Gopal Varma. The film was an official remake of the classical success film Sholay (1975). The remake features Amitabh Bachchan Mohanlal Ajay Devgan Prashant Raj Sachdev and Sushmita Sen in lead roles amongst others.
 Mr. Gilfil's Love Story is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Robert Henderson Bland Mary Odette and Peter Upcher. It was based on the short story Mr. Gilfil's Love Story from George Eliot's 1857 work Scenes of Clerical Life. A chaplain to an aristocratic British family falls in love with their ward a young Italian woman who he marries. Tragedy strikes when she dies only a few months later leaving him in a state of grief.
 Slums of Berlin (German:Die Verrufenen) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Aud Egede-Nissen Bernhard Goetzke and Mady Christians.
 Vassa (Russian: Васса) is a 1983 Soviet drama film directed by Gleb Panfilov. It is based on Maxim Gorky's 1910 play Vassa Zheleznova. Vassa won the Golden Prize at the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Soviet entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 56th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Get Over It is a 2001 American teen comedy loosely based on William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream about a high school senior who desperately tries to win back his ex-girlfriend by joining the school play she and her new boyfriend are performing in against the advice of friends. The film was directed by Tommy O'Haver for Miramax Films and written by R. Lee Fleming Jr.. The film stars Ben Foster Kirsten Dunst Melissa Sagemiller Sisqó Colin Hanks Shane West and Martin Short.
 Campeón a la fuerza is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Fataat El Masnaa (Factory Girl) (Arabic: فتاة المصنع‎) is an Egyptian romantic drama film directed by Mohamed Khan. The film premiered at the Dubai International Film Festival in December 2013.
 Two Seats at the Opera is a 1916 American silent short comedy directed and starring William Garwood.
 Inthu Manushyano is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Target Tokyo is a 22-minute film portraying the travels of an aircraft bomber and its crew from training to the bombing of Japan.
 For the 2006 Law & Order: Criminal Intent episode see Tru LoveTru Loved is a 2008 Independent film written and directed by Stewart Wade.
 Jumpin' Jack Flash is a 1986 spy comedy film starring Whoopi Goldberg. The film was directed by Penny Marshall in her theatrical film directorial debut.The film was one of the first to feature online communications as a key part of the plot.The soundtrack includes two versions of the song Jumpin' Jack Flash: the original by The Rolling Stones and a remake by Aretha Franklin heard over the end credits.
 Kallukkul Eeram (Tamil: கல்லுக்குள் ஈரம் English: Moisture inside stone) is a 1980 Kollywood film directed by P. S. Nivas starring P. Bharathiraja Sudhakar Aruna and Vijayashanti.
 Arroz con leche (English: Rice With Milk) is a 1950 Argentinean comedy film directed and written by Carlos Schlieper with Julio Porter based on the play by Carlos Notti Noche en Viena. The film premiered on October 5 1950 in Buenos Aires and was rated PG 14.
 Every Secret Thing is an upcoming American crime film directed by Amy J. Berg and written by Nicole Holofcener based on a 2004 novel of the same title written by Laura Lippman. The film stars Diane Lane Elizabeth Banks Dakota Fanning Danielle Macdonald and Nate Parker and is notable for being Academy Award-winning actress Frances McDormand's debut as producer.
 Invaders from Mars is a 1953 American science fiction film directed by William Cameron Menzies that was developed from a scenario by Richard Blake and based on a story treatment by John Tucker Battle who was inspired by a dream recounted by his wife. The film was produced independently by Edward L. Alperson Jr. and starred Jimmy Hunt Helena Carter and Arthur Franz.
 Snuff-Movie is a 2005 gothic horror film by British director Bernard Rose. It stars Jeroen Krabbé as a horror film maker named Boris Arkadin whose pregnant wife was brutally murdered by a Manson-like gang of hippy psychopaths during the 1960s. Because of this he has become a recluse until several years later he makes a come-back and invites some actors to a large mansion in the English countryside to 'audition' for his new film.
 Larks on a String (Czech: Skřivánci na niti) is a 1969 Czech film directed by Jiří Menzel. The movie was banned by the Czechoslovak government. It saw release in 1990 after the fall of the Communist regime. It tells the stories of various characters considered bourgeois by Czechoslovakia's communist government in the 1950s who have been forced to work in a junkyard for the purposes of re-education. It won the Golden Bear at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Kid from Brooklyn is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Danny Kaye Virginia Mayo Vera-Ellen Steve Cochran Walter Abel Eve Arden and Fay Bainter. Virginia Mayo's and Vera-Ellen's singing voices was dubbed by Betty Russell and Dorothy Ellers respectivelyProduced by Samuel Goldwyn it is a remake of the Harold Lloyd film The Milky Way (1936) about a milkman who becomes world boxing champion.
 Paris Playboys is a 1954 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on March 7 1954 by Allied Artists and is the thirty-third film in the series.
 The Decline of the American Empire (French Le Déclin de l'empire américain) is a 1986 Canadian comedy/drama film directed by Denys Arcand. It was followed by two sequels The Barbarian Invasions in 2003 and Days of Darkness in 2007.
 Angel's Egg (天使のたまご Tenshi no Tamago) is a Japanese original video animation produced by Tokuma Shoten in 1985. It was a collaboration between popular artist Yoshitaka Amano and director Mamoru Oshii. It features very little spoken dialogue and its spare plot and visual style have led to it being described as an 'animated painting.' Parts of the OVA were used in the 1988 sci-fi movie In the Aftermath.
 Zatoichi: On the Road (座頭市喧嘩旅 or 'Zatōichi kenka-tabi') is a 1963 Japanese Chambara film directed by Kimiyoshi Yasuda starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (now known as Kadokawa Pictures). Zatoichi: On the Road is the fifth episode in the 26 part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Mahanadi (Tamil: மகாநதி) is a 1994 Tamil Indian drama film directed by Santhana Bharathi featuring Kamal Hassan Sukanya and Cochin Haneefa. It portrays the grief of a humble villager who sees his family property being ruined. The film dealt with several issues such as corruption and child trafficking. It was dubbed in Telugu with the same title. Although critically acclaimed the film failed at the box office. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.
 Redirected is an upcoming Lithuanian-British action drama film directed by Emilis Vėlyvis starring Vinnie Jones Scot Williams and Vytautas Šapranauskas. The film features four friends turned first–time robbers who get stranded in Eastern Europe and have to find their way back home. The film premiered in Lithuania on 10 January 2014.
 Vellore Maavattam (Tamil: வேலூர் மாவட்டம்; English: Vellore district) is a 2011 Tamil action film written and directed by R. N. R. Manohar starring Nandha and Poorna. Produced by AGS Entertainment the film released on 5 October 2011 on the occasion of the festival of Ayudha Pooja.
 Flock of Dodos: The Evolution-Intelligent Design Circus is a documentary film by American marine biologist and filmmaker Randy Olson. It highlights the debate between proponents of the concept of intelligent design and the scientific consensus that supports evolution.The documentary was first screened publicly on February 2 2006 in Kansas where much of the public controversy on intelligent design began as well as the starting point of discussion in the documentary.
 Friedemann Bach is a 1941 German historical drama film directed by Traugott Müller and starring Gustav Gründgens Leny Marenbach and Johannes Riemann. The film depicts the life of Johann Sebastian Bach's son Wilhelm Friedemann Bach. It is based on Albert Emil Brachvogel's novel Friedemann Bach. Wilhelm Friedemann Bach is shown as a gifted son trying to escape his father's shadow.
 Tobou Bhalobashi also (Bengali: তবুও ভালোবাসি) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. Directed by Montazur Rahman Akbar. Stars Mahiya Mahi Bappy Chowdhury Amit Hasan (villain) Sohel Rana Diti Asif Iqbal and many more.
 Byzantium is a 2012 British-Irish fantasy thriller film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Gemma Arterton Saoirse Ronan and Jonny Lee Miller. The story concerns a mother and daughter vampire duo. The film premiered at the Irish Film Institute in April 2013 and was commercially released the following month. It has received generally positive reviews.
 She Had to Say Yes is a 1933 pre-Code film directed by George Amy and Busby Berkley. It was Berkley's directorial debut. Loretta Young stars as a secretary who receives unwanted sexual advances when she is sent out on dates with her employer's clients. The film was promoted with the teaser We apologize to the men for the many frank revelations made by this picture but we just had to show it as it was filmed.
 Jackpot is a 2001 comedy-drama film directed by Michael Polish and written by Michael and his brother Mark Polish. It had a limited release in the USA on July 27 2001.
 The Mafia Kills Only in the Summer (Italian: La mafia uccide solo d'estate) is a 2013 Italian comedy-drama film. It marked the directorial debut of the TV satirist Pif. The Senate President Pietro Grasso referred to this film as the best film work on Mafia ever made.
 Dil Ki Baazi is an Indian film directed by Anil Ganguly and released in 1993. It stars Akshay Kumar Ayesha Jhulka and Avinash Wadhavan.
 Chance is a 2002 film the directing debut of actress Amber Benson (best known from her role as Tara Maclay on Buffy the Vampire Slayer). Benson directed wrote produced and starred in this film. Many of Benson's co-stars from Buffy including co-star James Marsters (Spike) appeared in the film. It was estimated to cost $25000.As documented on Chance's official site the cost of making the film ended up being more than triple the estimate.
 Mario and the Magician (German: Mario und der Zauberer) is a 1994 German-language drama film directed by Klaus Maria Brandauer based on the novel of the same name. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival where Lajos Koltai won the Special Silver St. George for the Director of Photography.
 Aastiparulu (Telugu: ఆస్తిపరులు) is a 1966 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao and starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao Jaggaiah Gummadi Venkateswara Rao and Jayalalitha.
 False Ambition is a 1918 silent drama film produced and released by the Triangle Film Corporation. Directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton the film stars Alma Rubens.
 Him and His Sister (Czech: On a jeho sestra) is a Czech comedy film directed by Karel Lamač and Martin Frič. It was released in 1931.
 Swimfan also known as Fanatica is a 2002 American teen erotic thriller film directed by John Polson and written by Charles Bohl and Phillip Schneider. The film stars Jesse Bradford Erika Christensen and Shiri Appleby.
 See also General Union of Palestinian TeachersGupt: The Hidden Truth (English: Secret) commonly known as Gupt is a 1997 Bollywood suspense thriller film directed by Rajiv Rai. It stars Bobby Deol Manisha Koirala Kajol Paresh Rawal Om Puri and Raj Babbar. The film's soundtrack was composed by Viju Shah while the lyrics were penned by Anand Bakshi. Upon release Gupt became a critical and commercial success. The film's storyline and soundtrack earned critical praise.
 Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy-comedy film produced by PDI/DreamWorks released by DreamWorks Pictures directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson featuring the voices of Mike Myers Eddie Murphy Cameron Diaz and John Lithgow. It is loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek! and somewhat serves as a parody film targeting other films adapted from numerous children's fantasies (mainly animated Disney films).
 Quiet Kill is a 2004 film directed by Mark Jones. It stars Corbin Bernsen and Claudia Christian.
 Chromophobia is an ensemble film which debuted at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival in France. The film's crew was made up of a brother-sister trio - Martha Fiennes wrote and directed the film Ralph Fiennes starred in it and Magnus Fiennes composed the score. The film was shot entirely in Great Britain and the Isle of Man.
 Trick is a 1999 American gay-themed romantic comedy film starring Christian Campbell John Paul Pitoc and Tori Spelling. Independently produced by Eric d'Arbeloff Ross Katz and Fall the film was written by Jason Schafer and directed by Jim Fall. Trick premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 1999 and was later released theatrically by Fine Line Features that July.
 What Happened on Twenty-third Street New York City is a 1901 American short film depicting a woman walking over a grate the hot air lifting her skirt.On The Library of Congress's webpage Rosemary Hanes and Brian Taves compared the sequence to the iconic image of Marilyn Monroe in the 1955 film The Seven Year Itch writing With The Seven Year Itch (1955 FGB 0012-0023) the image of Marilyn Monroe's thighs exposed under her billowing skirt entered American popular culture.
 Ponette is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Doillon. The film centers on four-year-old Ponette (Victoire Thivisol) who is coming to terms with the death of her mother. The film received acclaim for Thivisol's performance who was only four at the time of filming.
 Grave Encounters is a 2011 Canadian-American supernatural horror film shot found footage style.
 Sorry You Can't Get Through! (Italian: Nessun messaggio in segreteria) is a 2005 Italian comedy film written and directed by Paolo Genovese and Luca Miniero.
 Hard Cash (also known as Run for the Money) is an action and adventure film released in 2002.
 Intimidades de una cualquiera is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Tightrope is a 1984 American suspense thriller produced by and starring Clint Eastwood and written and directed by Richard Tuggle.
 Héroes sin fama is a 1940 Argentine comedy-drama film directed by Mario Soffici.
 The Chinese Cat (also titled Murder in the Funhouse) is a 1944 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.
 La inocente (The Innocent) is a 1970 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Today and Tomorrow (Hungarian: Ma és holnap) is a 1912 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 The Doll Lady (French: La dame aux poupées) is a 1996 documentary film by Quebec film director and producer Denys Desjardins.
 Postal is a 2007 comedy action film co-written and directed by Uwe Boll. The film stars Zack Ward Dave Foley Chris Coppola Jackie Tohn J.K. Simmons Verne Troyer Larry Thomas David Huddleston and Seymour Cassel.Like the majority of Boll's previous films Postal is a film adaptation of a video game in this case Postal though this film draws more heavily from that video game's sequel Postal 2.
 Kukla s millionami (Russian: Кукла с миллионами English: The Doll With Millions) is a Soviet silent comedy film starring Igor Ilyinsky.
 Voces Inocentes (English title: Innocent Voices) is a 2004 Mexican film directed by Luis Mandoki. The plot is set during the Salvadoran Civil War and is based on writer Óscar Torres's childhood. The film serves as a general commentary on the military use of children. The movie also shows injustice against innocent people who are forced to fight in the war. It follows the story of the narrator a boy named Chava.
 Malaga (also known in foreign countries as: Moment of Danger) is a 1960 crime drama film starring Trevor Howard Dorothy Dandridge and Edmund Purdom. It was filmed in Europe in the late months of 1959 under the original title Moment of Danger but when filming was completed the title was changed to Malaga for reasons unknown. The film's low-budget-ness[citation needed] delayed its American release for nearly two years.
 The Damned (French: Les Maudits) is a 1947 French drama film directed by René Clément. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Gay Sisters is a 1942 American drama film directed by Irving Rapper and starring Barbara Stanwyck George Brent Geraldine Fitzgerald Donald Crisp Gig Young (who adopted his character's name as his screen name) and Nancy Coleman. The Warner Bros. motion picture was based on a novel by Stephen Longstreet.
 Joselito vagabundo (Joselito Vagabond) is a 1965 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Boat is a 1921 American short comedy film written by directed and starring Buster Keaton. The International Buster Keaton Society takes its name The Damfinos from this film.
 Waxie Moon in Fallen Jewel is a pop-art musical comedy from cult filmmaker Wes Hurley. It stars the renown performance artist Marc Kenison as his gender-bending burlesque personae Waxie Moon as well as The Stranger Genius-award winners Sarah Rudinoff Marya Sea Kaminski and John Osebold Nick Garison Keira McDonald Sage Price Brandon Petty Erin Emlyn Badenhop Inga Ingenue Lou Henry Hoover with memorable cameos by Jinkx Monsoon Lynn Shelton and Jackie Hell among others.
 Zebra Lounge is a 2001 erotic thriller directed by Kari Skogland and written by Claire Montgomery and Monte Montgomery.
 Holiday for Sinners is a 1952 film.
 The Evening Star is a 1996 sequel to Academy Award for Best Picture-winning Terms of Endearment starring Shirley MacLaine who reprises the role of Aurora Greenway she won an Oscar for playing in the original film. The script is by Larry McMurtry based on his novel and Robert Harling who also served as director.The story takes place about fifteen years after the original following the characters from 1988 to 1993.
 The Mystery of Edwin Drood is a 1993 film the fourth film adaptation of the Charles Dickens unfinished novel of the same title.
 Gallowwalkers is a horror western film directed by Andrew Goth and starring Wesley Snipes Kevin Howarth Riley Smith and Tanit Phoenix. Co-stars include professional wrestler Diamond Dallas Page. Due to Snipes tax problems the film went through many changes delays and was completed in 2010. but still had no official release until 2012 screening at Film4 FrightFest festival in U.K.
 Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya is a 1966 Bollywood film. It stars Dharmendra Nutan Rehman and Jeevan. The music is by Sonik Omi.
 Message from Space (宇宙からのメッセージ Uchū kara no Messēji) is a film directed by Kinji Fukasaku one of the co-directors of Tora! Tora! Tora!. The film stars Sonny Chiba Etsuko Shihomi and in a rare foreign film appearance Vic Morrow. Released in 1978 the film is seen by many critics as a Japanese answer to Star Wars The film was produced by Toei and cost $6 million the most expensive movie made in Japan up to that date.
 Against the Dark is a 2009 American action and horror film starring Steven Seagal and directed by Richard Crudo.In a post-apocalyptic world destroyed by a disease which turns humans into infected strongly resembling vampires Seagal plays Tao the leader of a squad of ex-military vigilantes who are attempting to find and rescue a group of survivors trapped in a hospital.
 Teresa el cuerpo de Cristo (English: Theresa: The Body of Christ) is a 2007 biopic written and directed by Ray Loriga and starring Paz Vega as the title character Saint Teresa of Ávila.The film has been criticised by Spanish bishops for its erotic representation of the saint's visions exemplified by the poster's depiction of the hand of Christ touching the arm of the naked Teresa.
 Children of the Corn: Genesis (also known as also known as Children of the Corn VIII) is the eighth installment of the Children of the Corn horror series. It was released in 2011 and directed by Joel Soisson. The film stars Billy Drago and Duane Whitaker.The fifth in the series to go straight to video.
 The Game is a 1997 mystery thriller film directed by David Fincher starring Michael Douglas and Sean Penn and produced by Propaganda Films and PolyGram Filmed Entertainment. It tells the story of a wealthy investment banker who is given a mysterious gift: participation in a game that integrates in strange ways with his everyday life.
 In the Year 2889 is a 1967 apocalyptic science fiction television film about the aftermath of a future nuclear war directed and produced by low-budget cult film auteur Larry Buchanan. The film was commissioned by American International as a colour remake of Roger Corman's Day the World Ended (1955) intended to be shown on television.In the film a nuclear war has wiped out almost all of Earth's citizens. It is set in the year 1977 not 2889.
 Splatter University is a 1984 slasher film. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.
 The Gun Runner is a 1969 action movie.
 Flirt is a 1983 Italian-French drama film directed by Roberto Russo. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival where Monica Vitti won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 The Warrior and the Sorceress is a 1984 Argentine-American fantasy action film directed by John C. Broderick and starring David Carradine María Socas and Luke Askew. It was written by Broderick (story and screenplay) and William Stout (story).The Warrior and the Sorceress is a version of the classic Kurosawa film Yojimbo. The film is noted chiefly for containing extensive nudity and violence being one of the more extreme examples of the sword-and-sorcery genre.
 Casey's Birthday is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Easter is an independent film based on the play by the same name.
 Las mujeres mandan (The Women Rule) is a 1937 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 La Canción de Buenos Aires is a 1945 Argentine film.
 Kalaya Tasmai Namaha is a 2012 Kannada Crime drama movie directed and written by Chandrashekar Shrivastav. The film stars Yogesh and debutante Madhubala in the lead roles. Snake Shyam makes a special appearance in a song sequence. The music is composed by A. M. Neel.
 Já truchlivý bůh (I mournful God) is a 1969 black-and-white Czech comedy film directed by Antonín Kachlík. Based on stories from Milan Kundera's book Laughable Loves it stars Milos Kopecký as Adolf who relates a tale of spurned love to his friend Apostol (Pavel Landovský). Adolf has his friend to pose as an opera conductor to seduce the young woman (Hana Lelitová) as she loves opera and then spurn her.
 Stories On Human Rights is a 2008 film.The film comprises twenty two 3 minute shorts directed by international filmmakers to mark the 60th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
 The Fighting Marine is a 1926 American drama film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Sharja To Sharja is a 2001 Malayalam film by Venugopan starring Jayaram Jagadish and Aishwarya.
 Three Days is an American television film directed by Michael Switzer and starring Kristin Davis and Tim Meadows. This television film premiered on Fox Family in 2001 on their 25 Days of Christmas programming block. It was filmed in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada.
 Man of God is a 2005 drama movie written and directed by Jefery Levy. It stars Peter Weller and Nikki Reed.
 Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers (大決戦！超ウルトラ８兄弟 Daikessen! Chō Urutora Hachi Kyōdai lit. Great Decisive Battle! The Super 8 Ultra Brothers) is a Ultraman theatrical feature and the first film by director Takeshi Yagi who has since retired from Tsuburaya Productions and Kaiju film as of January 2008. It unites the Shōwa heroes Ultraman Seven Jack and Ace together on screen with the Heisei heroes Tiga Dyna Gaia and Mebius.
 Woman (여 - Yeo) is a 1968 three-part South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young Jung Jin-woo and Yu Hyun-mok. The film was based on ideas of Kim Ki-young's wife Kim Yu-bong and Kim directed the last third.
 Doomsday Machine also known as Escape from Planet Earth (video title) is an American science fiction film initially filmed in 1967 but completed without the original cast or sets in 1972.
 Garuda Dhwaja is a Kannada film directed by P. Bharathiraja. starring Ambareesh Ramesh Aravind and Avinash.
 You and Your Stupid Mate (2005) is an Australian comedy film directed by Marc Gracie.
 Buffalo Girls is a documentary film about two eight-year-old Thai girls who engage in professional Muay Thai boxing in rural Thailand. The film was directed by Todd Kellstein and produced by Lanette Phillips and Jonathon Ker. It had its World Premiere at the Slamdance Film Festival on January 22 2012.
 Bolti Bulbul is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 The Black Eagle of Santa Fe or Die Schwarzen Adler von Santa Fe is a 1965 West German and Italian western film directed by Alberto Cardone and Ernst Hofbauer.
 High Seas is a 1929 British adventure film directed by Denison Clift and starring Lillian Rich James Carew John Stuart Randle Ayrton and Winter Hall. The film follows a wealthy young man who falls in love with a sailor's daughter who saves him from a shipwreck. When he announces he wants to marry her his family try to foil the match. It was based on a story by Monckton Hoffe.
 Dulaara is a 1994 Bollywood mystery film directed by Vimal Kumar starring Govinda and Karisma Kapoor.
 Rites of Passage is a 1999 thriller film written and directed by Victor Salva. It stars Dean Stockwell James Remar and Jason Behr.
 Magic Kitchen (Chinese: 魔幻厨房; Cantonese Yale: Moh waan chue fong) is a 2004 Hong Kong film directed by Lee Chi-Ngai.
 The Murder of Captain Fryatt is a 1917 Australian silent film about the execution of Captain Charles Fryatt during World War I from John and Agnes Gavin. It is considered a lost film.
 Angel Face is a short film written and directed by Cecile Cinco.
 Blog Wars is a 2006 documentary film about the rise of political blogging and its influence on the 2006 midterm Connecticut senate election. Original musical score is composed by Samuel Sim.	It follows the primary in which Ned Lamont successfully challenged Joe Lieberman for the Democratic nomination for Junior Senator of Connecticut. Before losing to Liberberman then running as an Independent in the general elections.
 Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a 2011 American science fiction film directed by Rupert Wyatt and starring James Franco Freida Pinto and Andy Serkis. Written by Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver it is 20th Century Fox's reboot of the Planet of the Apes series intended to act as an origin story for a new series of films.
 Oi paranomoi (Greek: Οι παράνομοι) is a 1958 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Koundouros. It was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Angano... Angano... nouvelles de Madagascar is a 1989 documentary film.
 Mendez vs. Westminster: For All the Children/Para Todos los Niños is a 2003 American documentary film written directed and produced by Sandra Robbie. The film features Sylvia Mendez Robert L. Carter and others.
 Flu Bird Horror is a 2008 made-for-television horror Sci Fi Pictures original film written by Tony Daniel and Brian D. Smith and directed by Leigh Scott. It first aired on The Sci-Fi Channel on August 23 2008 and was released to DVD as Flu Birds on September 30 2008. The film's reviews were negative to mixed. Reviewers note the film for being representative of low-budget films being created for and aired on the Sci-Fi Channel.
 TMNT is a 2007 American computer-animated fantasy action film and a part of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) franchise. The film is the fourth installment in the original TMNT film series. Written and directed by Kevin Munroe the film features the voice talents of Nolan North James Arnold Taylor Mikey Kelley Mitchell Whitfield Chris Evans Sarah Michelle Gellar Kevin Smith Patrick Stewart Zhang Ziyi and Laurence Fishburne (who provides narration).
 Romantic Island (Hangul: 로맨틱 아일랜드; RR: Romaentik Aillaendeu) is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film set in Boracay Philippines.
 The Other Me is a 2000 Disney Channel Original Movie about a teenager who accidentally clones himself as a genius and ends up using his clone to pass school. The movie is the 23rd Disney Channel Original Movie and is based on the book Me Two by Mary C. Ryan.
 The Brain (French: Le Cerveau) is a 1969 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury about a second train robbery by the brains of the Great Train Robbery.
 Parayan Baaki Vechathu is a political thriller film released in 2014 directed by Arun Ajayakumar and starring Maqbool Salmaan Anumol and Devika.
 Back to the Woods is a 1918 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It was produced by Goldwyn Pictures when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives in the Archiva Nationala de Filme film archive.
 The Phantom in the House is a 1929 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 Oru Kanniyum Moonu Kalavaanikalum (English: A virgin and three thieves) is a 2014 Tamil fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Chimbu Deven and starring Arulnithi Bindu Madhavi Ashrita Shetty and Bagavathi Perumal. The music comprises three tracks composed by Sankaran Natarajan while S R Kathir handles the camera. The film was shot in Chennai in and around Saidapet Anna Nagar Besant Nagar and Royapuram.
 Return of the Fly is the first sequel to the 1958 horror film The Fly. It was released in 1959 and directed by Edward Bernds. Unlike the preceding film Return of the Fly was shot in black and white. The film was followed by another sequel in 1965 Curse of the Fly.It was intended that Herbert Marshall reprise his role as the police inspector but due to illness he was replaced by John Sutton.
 Le Rôle de sa vie (English: The Role of Her Life) is a 2004 film directed by François Favrat. Karin Viard was nominated for Best Actress in the 2005 César Award.
 J'ai quelque chose à vous dire (English: I have something to say to you) is a French film from 1931. It was film director Marc Allégret's second film short the first being La Meilleure bobone released a year earlier.
 Rancho Deluxe is a comedy western film that was directed by Frank Perry and released in 1975.
 Daffy Duck's Quackbusters is a 1988 Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. Cartoons shorts and animated bridging sequences starring Daffy Duck. It was the final theatrical production in which Mel Blanc provided the voices of the various Looney Tunes characters before his death the following year. It was also the only compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts not composed by Robert J. Walsh. The film was released to theaters by Warner Bros.
 Qivitoq is a 1956 Danish film directed by Erik Balling and starring Poul Reichhardt and Astrid Villaume. An intense romantic drama the movie was filmed entirely on location in Greenland. It was nominated both for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and for the Palme D'Or at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Return of Boston Blackie is a 1927 low-budget silent drama genre film. Based upon a character created by Jack Boyle for short stories appearing in The American Cosmopolitan and Redbook magazines in the 1900s. It was directed by Harry O. Hoyt and written by Leah Baird. The character also appeared in another silent film in 1918 Boston Blackie's Little Pal played by five different actors including Lionel Barrymore.
 Jang-hwa and Hong-ryeon (literally The Story of Janghwa and Hongryeon) is a 1924 Korean silent film. The film is based on a popular Korean fairy tale Janghwa Hongryeon jeon which had been adapted into film versions in 1924 1936 1956 1962 and 1972.
 Avenging Bill is a 1915 film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Naruto the Movie: Guardians of the Crescent Moon Kingdom (大興奮!みかづき島のアニマル騒動だってばよ! Dai Kōfun! Mikazuki-jima no Animaru Panikku Dattebayo! lit. Great Excitement! The Animal Panic of Crescent Moon Island!) is a 2006 film written and directed by Toshiyuki Tsuru. It is the third film based on the popular Naruto anime and manga series by Masashi Kishimoto.
 Nua Bou (Oriya: ନୂଆ ବୋଉ) is a 1962 Indian Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee which presents the sociocultural scenario of rural village in India in 1970s.
 bigLove is a 2001 short film written and directed by Leif Tilden. It was first shown on January 19 2001 on the Sundance Film Festival. It won the award for Best Short at the 2001 Flickapalooza Film Festival and both Best Director of an HD Film and Best High-Definition Short at the 2001 HDFest.
 Dang Bireley's and Young Gangsters (Thai: 2499 อันธพาลครองเมือง or 2499 Antapan Krong Muang) is a 1997 crime drama film about young Thai gangsters in 1950s Thailand. Featuring John Woo-style heroic bloodshed it was the debut film from director Nonzee Nimibutr and was the first screenplay by director and screenwriter Wisit Sasanatieng.The 2499 in the Thai title refers to the year in the Buddhist calendar when the story starts corresponding to the Gregorian year 1956.
 Pisaj or Evil (Thai: คน ผี ปีศาจ; RTGS: Khon Phi Pisat; literally Human Ghost Demon) is a 2004 Thai horror film directed by Chookiat Sakveerakul.
 Last Love (Italian:Ultimo amore) is a 1947 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Chiarini and starring Clara Calamai Andrea Checchi and Carlo Ninchi. It set during the Second World War with Italy close to defeat and increasingly occupied by German troops. Three Italian soldiers are enjoying some leave when they become involved with an enigmatic female singer.
 West is a 2007 Australian film written and directed by Daniel Krige starring Khan Chittenden Nathan Phillips Gillian Alexy and Michael Dorman. The film had its world premiere at the 2007 Berlin International Film Festival and was scheduled for Australian release on 5 July 2007 at the Chauvel Cinema in Sydney and the Nova Cinema in Melbourne with other cities to follow.Johnette Napolitano of Concrete Blonde fame is the main vocalist on the score to West.
 Eden Log is a 2007 science fiction horror film directed and co-written by Franck Vestiel. The film was Vestiel's first as a director who shot the entire film using only hand-held cameras.Reviews towards the film were mixed which received an aggregated score of 43% from Rotten Tomatoes. In North America it premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 2008.
 The Middleton Family at the New York World's Fair is a 1939 American film directed by Robert R. Snody produced by Westinghouse for their exhibit at the 1939 New York World's Fair.In 2012 the film was added to the National Film Registry.
 Morning Undersea (Portuguese: Manhã Submersa) is a 1980 Portuguese drama film directed by Lauro António. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma. The film was also selected as the Portuguese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Nuan (Chinese: 暖; pinyin: Nuǎn) is a 2003 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi. The film won the Grand Prix at the 16th Tokyo International Film Festival. The film is an adaptation of author Mo Yan's short story The White Dog and the Swing. The film is set in Maoyuan a small and ancient village in Jiangxi.Nuan's production was delayed by the outbreak of SARS in 2002-2003 making it miss a planned debut at the Venice Film Festival that September.
 En Kadhal Kanmani is a 1990 film starring Vikram and Rekha Nambiar in the lead roles. This is the debut film for Vikram. The music was composed by L. Vaidyanathan and the songs were written by Vairamuthu.
 The Fortune of Christina McNab is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Nora Swinburne David Hawthorne and Francis Lister. It was made at Lime Grove Studios based on a novel by Sarah McNoughton. It was one in a series of get-rich-quick comedies made by Kellino of which this is amongst the best known.
 Ramaiya Vastavaiya is a 2013 Bollywood romance comedy film directed by Prabhudheva and produced by Kumar S. Taurani under Tips.
 The Pebble and the Penguin is a 1995 animated musical family comedy film based on the true life mating rituals of the Adelie Penguins in Antarctica produced and directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman. The film was released to theaters on April 11 1995 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in the United States and internationally by Warner Bros. Family Entertainment.
 The Green Marker Scare is a 2012 horror film from the Irish director Graham Jones which is animated by children.
 Priyam is a 1996 Tamil language film directed by Pandian and produced by Kasthuri Film International. The film featured Arunkumar alongside Manthra while Prakash Raj plays a supporting roles. The film which had music composed by Vidyasagar opened in January 1997.
 Tower of Terror is a 1997 made-for-TV supernatural thriller directed by D. J. MacHale. It is based on the theme park attraction The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at Disney's Hollywood Studios at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista Florida and was originally a presentation of The Wonderful World of Disney.
 The Cutting Edge: Fire & Ice is an 2010 American drama and romance film that follows the 2008 film The Cutting Edge 3: Chasing the Dream. Francia Raisa reprises her role as Alexandra Alex Delgado. The film was produced for the ABC Family cable channel which aired on March 14 2010.
 Diamonds is a 1975 Israeli-American heist film. Robert Shaw stars in a dual role as twin brothers. Richard Roundtree Barbara Hershey and Shelley Winters are co-stars. The film was also released as Diamond Shaft although it has no relation to the Shaft films other than having Roundtree in the cast.
 Rosemary That's for Remembrance is a 1914 American silent short drama directed by Francis J. Grandon. The film starred Earle Foxe and Adda Gleason.
 Street of Shame (赤線地帯 Akasen chitai) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It is the personal tales of several Japanese women of different backgrounds who work together in a brothel. It was Mizoguchi's last film.The film is based on the novel Susaki no Onna by Yoshiko Shibaki.
 The Wild Party (1929) is a Pre-Code film directed by Dorothy Arzner released by Paramount Pictures and known as Clara Bow's first talkie.
 Terri is a 2011 independent comedy-drama film about the relationship between an oversized teen misfit and the garrulous but well-meaning school principal who takes an interest in him. Filming took place in Los Angeles California.
 20000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1954 American adventure film starring Kirk Douglas as Ned Land James Mason as Captain Nemo Paul Lukas as Professor Pierre Aronnax and Peter Lorre as Conseil. It was the first science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Productions as well as the only science fiction film personally produced by Walt Disney. It was also the first feature length Disney film to be distributed by Buena Vista Distribution.
 Black River is an American television movie about a writer who comes upon the town of Black River only to find that it will not let him leave. Based on a short story by Dean Koontz the film premiered July 6 2001 on Fox.
 In Enemy Hands aka U-Boat is a World War II submarine film released in 2004 starring William H. Macy Til Schweiger Scott Caan and Lauren Holly.
 Marjoe is a 1972 American documentary film produced and directed by Howard Smith and Sarah Kernochan about the life of evangelist Marjoe Gortner. It won the 1972 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Tangled Evidence is a 1934 British crime film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Sam Livesey Joan Marion and Michael Hogan. It was made by Twickenham Studios and based on a novel by Champion de Crespigny.
 Kaliyugam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 Grown Ups is a 2010 American buddy comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and written and produced by Adam Sandler who also stars in the film. Besides Sandler the film co-stars Kevin James Chris Rock David Spade and Rob Schneider. The film tells a story of five childhood friends who won their high school basketball championship in 1978. They later reunite in three decades to mourn the death of their coach.
 A Month in the Country is a 1987 British film directed by Pat O'Connor. The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. L. Carr and stars Colin Firth Kenneth Branagh Natasha Richardson and Patrick Malahide.
 Susanna Pass is a 1949 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Prasthanam (Telugu: ప్రస్థానం; English: The Journey) is a 2010 Indian Telugu-language drama film written and directed by Deva Katta. The film was produced by Ravi Vallabhaneni under VRC Media & Entertainment banner.It was dubbed into Tamil as Padhavi. The film was selected for screening in the Indian Panorama section at International Film Festival of India Goa.
 Saturday's Warrior is a Latter-day Saint (Mormon) musical written by Douglas Stewart and Lex de Azevedo. The musical tells the story of a group of children that are born into a Mormon family after making various promises in the pre-existence. Two of the children Jimmy and Julie encounter personal struggles that help them rediscover and fulfill their foreordained missions in life.
 Teen Patti (English: Three Cards) is a 2010 Bollywood film directed by Leena Yadav. It stars Amitabh Bachchan Ben Kingsley R. Madhavan Raima Sen Shraddha Kapoor and is produced by Ambika Hinduja under the banners Hinduja Ventures and Serendipity Films. The film is about a mathematics professor played by Bachchan who is trying to write a thesis on probability and relates it to the Indian card game of Teen Patti.
 Molière is a 1978 French drama film directed by Ariane Mnouchkine. It was entered into the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.
 Dick Barton Strikes Back is a 1949 British film about special agent Dick Barton. It was the third of three films Hammer Film Productions made about the agent although it was the second released.
 Weekend Getaway is a 2012 Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Desmond Elliot and starring Genevieve Nnaji Uti Nwachukwu Ini Edo & Ramsey Nouah. It received 11 nominations and eventually won 4 awards at the 2013 Nollywood & African Film Critics Awards (NAFCA). It also received 2 nominations at the 2013 Best of Nollywood Awards with Alex Ekubo eventually winning the award for Best Actor in a supporting role.
 Kokowääh is a 2011 German film directed by Til Schweiger. It was released in German–speaking countries (Germany Austria and Switzerland) on 3 February 2011. The film stars Til Schweiger his daughter Emma Tiger Schweiger Jasmin Gerat and Samuel Finzi. Another of Schweiger's daughters Luna Schweiger makes a small appearance in the film. Kokowääh is an onomatopoetic depiction of the French pronunciation of coq au vin.
 Check and Double Check is a 1930 comedy film made and released by RKO Radio Pictures based on the then-popular Amos 'n' Andy radio show. The title was derived from a catchphrase associated with the show.
 La fuga (English: The Escape) is a 2001 Argentine film directed by Eduardo Mignogna.The picture stars Mignogna's friend and frequent collaborator Ricardo Darin as well as Miguel Angel Sola Gerardo Romano Patricio Contreras Ines Estevez Alejandro Awada and Norma Aleandro.
 Transporter 3 is a 2008 French action film and is the third installment in the Transporter franchise. Both Jason Statham and François Berléand reprised their roles as Frank Martin and Tarconi respectively. This is the first film in the series to be directed by Olivier Megaton. The film continues the story of Frank Martin a professional transporter who has returned to France to continue his low-key business of delivering packages without questions.
 Operation Cupid is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Charles Farrell Avice Landone and Wallas Eaton. A gang of criminals win a marriage agency during a card game and plan to use it to arrange a lucrative marriage for one of their gang to an extremely wealthy heiress. It was made at Twickenham Studios in west London for release as a supporting feature.
 Jeevan Sathi(1962) (Oriya: ଜୀବନ ସାଥୀ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee
 Shaadi is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 Eternal Fire (Spanish: Fuego eterno) is a 1985 Spanish drama film written and directed by José Ángel Rebolledo. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Resonnances is a 2006 French science-fiction film written and directed by Philippe Robert. It stars Marjorie Dubesset Franck Monsigny and Sophie Michard.
 The Golden Hawk is a 1952 American adventure film directed by Sidney Salkow and starring Sterling Hayden.
 Three Ages is a 1923 black-and-white American feature-length silent comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton and Wallace Beery. The first feature Keaton wrote directed produced and starred in (unlike The Saphead (1920) in which he only acted) Keaton structured the film like three inter-cut short films. The structure also worked as a satire of D. W. Griffith's 1916 film Intolerance. The film was shot in this manner as a kind of insurance for the Studio.
 The Damned is a 1969 Italian-German drama film written and directed by Luchino Visconti.The Damned has often been regarded as the first of Visconti's films described as The German Trilogy followed by Death in Venice (1971) and Ludwig (1973). Author Henry Bacon in his book Visconti: Explorations of Beauty and Decay (1998) specifically categorizes these films together under a chapter Visconti & Germany.
 The Nun and the Sergeant is a 1962 Korean War drama starring Anna Sten and Robert Webber in the title roles. It was produced by Sten's husband Eugene Frenke who had produced Heaven Knows Mr Allison also a pairing of a Catholic nun and a U.S. Marine. It was directed by Franklin Adreon and released through United Artists.
 Deadly Maria (German: Die tödliche Maria) is a 1993 German film directed by Tom Tykwer.
 That Riviera Touch (1966) is the second feature-length film made by the comedy duo Morecambe and Wise.
 Rough Waters (1930) is an all-talking adventure drama film that stars Rin Tin Tin. It was adapted by James A. Starr (who wrote the screenplay and dialogue) from a story by Lillie Hayward. It would prove to be the last Rin Tin Tin film produced by Warner Bros..
 Turning Point is a 2012 drama film written and directed by Niyi Towolawi starring Jackie Appiah K.D. Aubert Todd Bridges Ernie Hudson Patience Ozokwor et al. with Igoni Archibong in leading role of Ade.
 Legion is a 1998 made for TV film directed by John Hess (aka Jon Daniel Hess) with screenplay by Patrick Highsmith and Evan Spiliotopoulos. It was produced by Avi Nesher for Mahagonny Pictures and Conquistador Entertainment Inc.
 Boston Kickout is a 1995 British drama feature film written and directed by Paul Hills. It won the Euskal Media Prize at the San Sebastián International Film Festival Best Actor (John Simm) at the Cinema Jove International Film Festival in Valencia and Best Film at the Bermuda International Film Festival.
 The Law of Men is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
 No Regret (Hangul: 후회하지 않아; RR: Huhoehaji Anha) is a 2006 South Korean film and the feature film directorial debut of Leesong Hee-il based on his earlier short Good Romance.
 Mala hembra (Poor Female) is a 1950 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Bab's Burglar was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film followed Bab's Diary released on October 17 1917 and was the second in the trilogy of Babs films that starred Marguerite Clark. Richard Barthelmess also appeared in an early role in his career. The film is now presumed lost.
 A Letter from Bataan is a 1942 Victory Short documentary film or propaganda film made by Paramount Pictures in collaboration with the U.S. Office of War Information and the United States Government. It was directed by William H. Pine produced by William C. Thomas and written by Maxwell Shane.
 Unexpected Places is a 2012 film produced by Reveal Film Group in association with Crystal Creek Media. The film is a redemption story of a wayward son played by Tim Torok. It was directed by Michael Brennan while being co-produced written-by and starring Penny Carlisi.
 Ta Ra Rum Pum is a 2007 Bollywood family drama film that stars Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji in the lead roles. This is the second time the lead pair worked together after the success of their last film Hum Tum (2004). It was directed by Siddharth Anand who directed 2005's Salaam Namaste. Ta Ra Rum Pum was a semi-hit at the box office in India.
 Underworld is a 1997 comedy thriller film that was directed by Roger Christian and stars Denis Leary Joe Mantegna and Annabella Sciorra.
 The Secret of the Selenites (French: Le secret des sélénites) is a 1984 French animated comedy film directed by Jean Image. It is also known as Moon Madness in the USA and Moontrek in the UK.
 Men of Honor (released in the UK and Ireland as Men of Honour) is a 2000 drama film starring Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding Jr. The film was directed by George Tillman Jr. It is inspired by the true story of Master Chief Petty Officer Carl Brashear the first black-American master diver in the United States Navy.
 Kolobos (also known under the title Haunted House) is a 1999 independent horror movie that was directed by Daniel Liatowitsch and David Todd Ocvirk. The film was released on September 28 1999 through Armitage Pictures.
 Alien Agent is a 2007 Canadian science fiction/action film. It was directed by Jesse Johnson and starred Mark Dacascos Emma Lahana with Billy Zane and Amelia Cooke.
 Landslide (Hungarian: Földindulás) is a 1940 Hungarian drama film directed by Arzén von Cserépy and starring Antal Páger Olga Eszenyi and Ferenc Kiss. Although obstensibly a romance film it contained significant amounts of propaganda supportive of the policies of Hungary's far-right government. It was based on a play by János Kodolányi.
 The House in the Square also titled I'll Never Forget You (US) and Man of Two Worlds is a 1951 fantasy film about an American atomic scientist who is transported to the 18th century where he falls in love. It starred Tyrone Power and Ann Blyth and was an early film for director Roy Ward Baker. It was adapted from the play Berkeley Square by John L.
 Knight Rider 2000 is a 1991 television sequel movie to the television series Knight Rider. It is included in the Region 1 Region 2 and Region 4 versions of the Knight Rider Season One box set.The movie served as a pilot for a proposed new series but despite high ratings the plan was abandoned.In the year 2000 conventional handguns have been banned with law enforcement carrying non-lethal stun pistols.
 The Lady Who Dared is a 1931 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Billie Dove Sidney Blackmer and Conway Tearle.Print survival Library of Congress and Turner.
 Thanga Mama 3D is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian 3D film feature film directed by K. Simon starring Sasikala with Arun in lead roles.
 Evergreen is a 1934 Gaumont British musical film starring Jessie Matthews as a music hall singer based on the 1930 musical Ever Green also starring Matthews. Matthews had a dual role as both mother and daughter.The film was produced by Michael Balcon and directed by Victor Saville. The music was by Rodgers and Hart.
 The Show Must Go On (Hangul: 우아한 세계; RR: Uahan segye) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 Bad Company (Fr. Mauvaises fréquentations) is a 1999 French film starring Maud Forget and Lou Doillon. It is a romantic drama about two young students falling in love. The movie is written by Alain Layrac and directed by Jean-Pierre Améris. A few scenes from this movie are featured in a music video by Lene Marlin for her song Where I'm Headed.
 Wolf's Hole (Czech: Vlčí bouda) is a 1987 Czechoslovak science fiction horror film directed by Věra Chytilová. It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. The film can be characterized as moralizing horror but may also be interpreted as an allegory for the atmosphere surrounding the normalization period.
 No Deposit No Return is a short romance film by director Dallas Campbell made in 2004. It is 12 minutes long and features two characters called Ronnie and Pat.
 Bala Nagamma is a 1981 Telugu Indian feature film directed by K. Shankar for A.Khader's K.B.Creations. The film stars Sridevi and Sarath Babu in the lead roles.
 Nyaydaata is a 1999 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra.
 The Man Without a Country is a 1937 American short drama film directed by Crane Wilbur in Technicolor. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1937 for Best Short Subject (Color). It is a remake of the 1917 film of the same name based on the story by Edward Everett Hale. Actor Holmes Herbert appeared in both versions. A 1925 Fox film based on the story and directed by Rowland V. Lee is considered to be lost.This film is preserved in the Library of Congress.
 Kaattu Mynah is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1963.
 Scorched is an Australian television movie broadcast on the Nine Network on 31 August 2008. The telemovie was titled Strike Team which was ultimately as a decoy due to the state government having been uncomfortable about the premise and plot of the script. Scorched won the International Emmy Award for Digital Program: Fiction in 2009.
 Possum Paddock is a 1921 Australian film based on a popular play by Kate Howarde. It was the first Australian movie to be directed by a woman. Only portions of it survive today.
 Fariyaad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Kee en Janus naar Parijs is a 1924 Dutch silent comedy film directed by Alex Benno.
 Do Dilon Ki Dastaan is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film directed by A.C. Trilogchander. It stars Sanjay Dutt and Padmini Kolhapure in pivotal roles. The film is solely and exclusively owned by RKD Studios now who bought the rights of same in 2008.
 That Sinking Feeling is a 1980 comedy film written and directed by Bill Forsyth his first film as a director. The film is set in his home city Glasgow Scotland. The young actors in film were members of the Glasgow Youth Theatre. The film also features Richard Demarco the Edinburgh gallery owner playing himself. The four main actors went on to feature in Forsyth's following film Gregory's Girl.
 Quintet is a 1979 post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Robert Altman. It stars Paul Newman Brigitte Fossey Bibi Andersson Fernando Rey Vittorio Gassman and Nina Van Pallandt.It is considered one of Altman's least successful and regarded films.
 Lady Chatterley is a 2006 French film by Pascale Ferran. An adaptation of the novel John Thomas and Lady Jane by D. H. Lawrence it was released in the UK on 24 August 2007.The film won the 2007 César Award for Best Film and stars French actors Jean Louis Coullo'ch and Marina Hands.
 Nijūkyū-nin no Kenka-jō (二十九人の喧嘩状 Nijūkyū-nin no Kenka-jō English title: Fighting Letter for 29 People) is a 1957 Japanese film directed by Kimiyoshi Yasuda.
 Convicted Woman (1940) is a Crime movie starring Rochelle Hudson - Glenn Ford and directed by Nick Grinde. It is also known as Dames and Daughters of Today.
 Christmas Child is a 2003 American Christian film directed by William Ewing starring Steven Curtis Chapman. The film is based on The Christmas Cross a short story by Max Lucado repackaged in 2003 as The Christmas Child: A Story of Coming Home and is a story about a Chicago journalist on who finds himself in Clearwater Texas around Christmas time to discover his past.
 Illustrious Corpses (Italian: Cadaveri eccellenti) is a 1976 Italian thriller film directed by Francesco Rosi and starring Lino Ventura. The film was screened at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Ghost Shark is a 2013 Syfy television horror sci-fi directed by Griff Furst. The film premiered on the Syfy channel on August 22 2013.
 Bürgschaft für ein Jahr is a 1981 East German drama film directed by Herrmann Zschoche. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival where Katrin Saß won the Silver Bear for Best Actress.
 The Second Mrs Tanqueray is a 1916 British silent film directed by Fred Paul and starring George Alexander Hilda Moore and Norman Forbes. It is an adaptation of the play The Second Mrs Tanqueray by Arthur Wing Pinero.
 Icon (or Frederick Forsyth's Icon) is a Hallmark Channel original television film directed by Charles Martin Smith and based on the novel by Frederick Forsyth. The film premiered on the network May 30 2005. It is set in the period 1985 to 1999.
 The White Moll is a lost 1920 silent film feature length crime drama directed by Harry Millarde and starring Pearl White. It was produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. Pearl White's return to feature films and her first film for Fox Film Corporation.
 Ransom is a 1928 silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz and is considered to be lost.
 My Life and Times with Antonin Artaud (French: En compagnie d'Antonin Artaud) is a 1993 French film directed by Gérard Mordillat. It is based on Jacques Prevel's 1974 novel of the same name. It follows Prevel's journal of a two-year friendship with Antonin Artaud until his death in 1948
 My Wife's Lodger is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Dominic Roche Olive Sloane and Leslie Dwyer. A soldier returns home after the Second World War only to find a spiv lodger has established himself in his place. It was based on the play My Wife's Lodger written by Roche.
 The Rookie Cop is a 1939 film starring Tim Holt as a rookie cop who wants to prove his friend wasn't involved with a robbery. The film also stars Virginia Weidler Janet Shaw Frank M. Thomas and Muriel Evans. It was directed by David Howard.
 Go West Young Man is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Mae West Warren William and Randolph Scott. Released by Paramount Pictures and based on the play Personal Appearance by Lawrence Riley the film is about a movie star who gets stranded out in the country and trifles with a young man's affections. The phrase Go West Young Man is often attributed to New York Tribune founder Horace Greeley and often misattributed to Indiana journalist John B. L.
 Teenage Paparazzo is a 2010 documentary film about the life and times of a 14-year-old Paparazzi photographer named Austin Visschedyk. It was directed by actor Adrian Grenier. Produced by Bert Marcus Adrian Grenier and Matthew Cooke.
 The Last Challenge is a 1967 Metrocolor Western directed by Richard Thorpe starring Glenn Ford and Angie Dickinson. A town sheriff contends with his reputation as the fastest gun in the West.
 The Box is a 2003 American film noir starring James Russo Theresa Russell Brad Dourif Steve Railsback Jon Polito Michael Rooker John Snyder and directed by Richard Pepin.
 Toy Soldiers is a 1984 action film shot in Mexico that stars Jason Miller Cleavon Little Tim Robbins and Terri Garber. It was written and directed by David Andrew Fisher who wrote and directed Liar's Moon (1982) and produced Bat*21 (1988).This is the story of a group of Caltech students yachting off the coast of Central America who are held hostage by terrorists. Miller plays a retired U.S. Marine who trains the hostages' friends to become an impromptu special ops force—hence the title.
 Killjoy 2: Deliverance from Evil is a 2002 slasher film and sequel to Full Moon's hit urban horror movie Killjoy.
 The Las Vegas Story is a 1952 suspense film noir starring Jane Russell and Victor Mature directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Robert Sparks and Howard Hughes with Samuel Bischoff as the executive producer.
 Star 80 is a 1983 American film about the true story of Playboy Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten who was murdered by her estranged husband Paul Snider in 1980. The film was directed by Bob Fosse and starred Mariel Hemingway and Eric Roberts.The film was shot on location in Vancouver British Columbia and Los Angeles California; the death scene was filmed in the same house in which the murder-suicide actually took place.
 Unfinished Business is a 1985 Australian film directed by Bob Ellis. Unfinished Business was nominated for 5 AFI Awards.
 Laughter in the Dark (French: La Chambre obscure) is a 1969 French-British drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Nicol Williamson and Anna Karina. It is based on the novel of the same name by Vladimir Nabokov. Nicol Williamson was brought in as a very late replacement for Richard Burton who had already shot several scenes. The director Tony Richardson found Burton's lack of punctuality intolerable.
 Salami Aleikum is a 2009 Comedy film by Ali Samadi Ahadi about an Iranian migrant family in Germany who try to cope with life in exile. There are animation parts and some musical videoclips (Iranian music and dance) are included. The film has special German and Persian Word plays and German and Iranian Characters are well Characterized. Salami Aleikum was a successful film in Germany.
 The Night the Bridge Fell Down is an American action film starring James MacArthur Desi Arnaz Jr. and Leslie Nielsen. The movie was produced by Irwin Allen in 1979 in association with Warner Bros.
 Apartment for Peggy is a 1948 film about a depressed professor whose spirits are lifted when he rents part of his home to a young couple. It was based on the novelette An Apartment for Jenny by Faith Baldwin. Campus exteriors were filmed at the University of Nevada Reno.
 Navy Blue and Gold is a 1937 American Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film starring Robert Young James Stewart and Lionel Barrymore.
 Weil ich dich liebe... is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 Bursting Out is a 2010 Nigerian drama film directed by Desmond Elliot and starring Majid Michel Genevieve Nnaji & Desmond Elliot. It premièred at Odeon Cinema Greenwich London on 29 October 2010.
 Chasing Madoff is a 2011 documentary film written and directed by Jeff Prosserman. The film is based on the book by Harry Markopolos.
 Dana Paani is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deven Verma starring Ashok Kumar Mithun Chakraborty Padmini Kolhapure Nirupa Roy Kader Khan Prem Chopra Sadashiv Amrapurkar Aruna Irani Shafi Inamdar Asha Sachdev and Deven Verma
 Dai-bosatsu tōge (大菩薩峠) is a 1957 color Japanese film directed by Tomu Uchida.
 That Night is a 1992 coming-of-age romantic drama film written and directed by Craig Bolotin and starring C. Thomas Howell and Juliette Lewis. It is based on the novel of the same name by Alice McDermott.This film is notable for the fact that both Eliza Dushku (of Buffy the Vampire Slayer fame) and Katherine Heigl (of Grey's Anatomy fame) made their first film appearances in it sharing a few scenes. Dushku was eleven years old at that time and Heigl was thirteen.
 Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls is a 1995 American film which is the sequel to the 1994 American film Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Jim Carrey reprises his role as the title character Ace Ventura a detective who specializes in retrieval of tame or captive animals. This is the only sequel to a film starring Carrey in which Carrey reprised his role. Ian McNeice Simon Callow and Sophie Okonedo co-star.
 The Nursemaid Who Disappeared is a 1938 British black-and-white crime film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Smith (uncredited) Ian Fleming Arthur Margetson Peter Coke and Edward Chapman. Based on a Philip Macdonald novel it was produced by Warner Brothers - First National Productions.
 Ramona is a 1928 silent drama film directed by Edwin Carewe based on Helen Hunt Jackson's 1884 novel Ramona. It starred Dolores del Rio and Warner Baxter. Mordaunt Hall of the New York Times found much to praise in what he called an Indian love lyric: This current offering is an extraordinarily beautiful production intelligently directed and with the exception of a few instances splendidly acted. The scenic effects are charming....
 The Spoilers is a 1942 Western drama film directed by Ray Enright. The movie is set in Nome Alaska during the Nome Gold Rush with Marlene Dietrich as Cherry Malotte Randolph Scott as Alexander McNamara and John Wayne as Roy Glennister and culminates in a spectacular saloon fistfight between McNamara and Glennister.The Spoilers was adapted to screen by Lawrence Hazard from the 1906 Rex Beach novel of the same name. Film versions also appeared in 1914 1923 (with Noah Beery Sr.
 El Asalto (The Robbery) is a 1960 Argentine black-and-white film crime drama directed and by Kurt Land. The film was based on a book by Enrique Silberstein and premiered in Buenos Aires. It starred Alberto de Mendoza.
 The Other Man's Wife is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Carl Harbaugh. The film is considered to be lost.
 Colombiana is a 2011 French-American action film co-written (with Robert Mark Kamen) and produced by Luc Besson and directed by Olivier Megaton. The film stars Zoe Saldana in the lead role with supporting roles performed by Michael Vartan Cliff Curtis Lennie James Callum Blue and Jordi Mollà.
 Precious Find is a 1996 science fiction film directed by Philippe Mora. The film is set on the Moon in year 2049.
 The Man Next Door (Spanish: El hombre de al lado) is a 2010 Argentine film directed by Mariano Cohn and Gastón Duprat. It was nominated for the 2010 Goya Award for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film.
 Stroker Ace is a 1983 action comedy film filmed in North Carolina and Georgia about a NASCAR driver the eponymous Stroker Ace played by Burt Reynolds.The co-stars were Jim Nabors Loni Anderson Ned Beatty Parker Stevenson and Bubba Smith with appearances by many NASCAR drivers such as: Dale Earnhardt Richard Petty Neil Bonnett Harry Gant Terry Labonte Kyle Petty Benny Parsons Tim Richmond Ricky Rudd Cale Yarborough and announcers Ken Squier David Hobbs and Chris Economaki.
 The Actress is an 1953 American comedy-drama film based on Ruth Gordon's autobiographical play Years Ago. Gordon herself wrote the screenplay. The film was directed by George Cukor and stars Jean Simmons Spencer Tracy Teresa Wright and Anthony Perkins in his film debut.The film basically is a series of vignettes involving Ruth her parents her best friends and the college boy romantically pursuing her.
 For other uses see Honky Tonk Man (disambiguation).Honkytonk Man is a 1982 American drama film set in the Great Depression. Clint Eastwood who produced and directed stars with his son Kyle Eastwood. Clancy Carlile's screenplay is based on his novel of the same name. This was Marty Robbins' last appearance before he died.
 A Good Lawyer's Wife (Hangul: 바람난 가족; RR: Baramnan Kajok) is a 2003 South Korean film written and directed by Im Sang-soo. The film is about the various affairs of members of a dysfunctional South Korean family.
 48 Angels is a 2007 film directed by Marion Comer.
 Angela is a 1978 film directed by Boris Sagal. It stars Sophia Loren and Steve Railsback.
 Naanum Rowdydhaan is an upcoming Indian Tamil film written and directed by Vignesh Shivan in his second venture after Podaa Podi (2012). The film features Gautham Karthik and Lavanya Tripathi in the lead roles. Produced by filmmaker Gautham Menon under his banner Photon Kathaas the film features music composed by Anirudh Ravichander. The film began production in January 2014.
 Seven Something (Thai: รัก 7 ปี ดี 7 หน RTGS: Rak Jed Pee Dee Jed Hon) is a 2012 Thai romantic film directed by Jira Maligool Adisorn Tresirikasem and Paween Parijtipanya. The film commemorates the seven year establishment of GTH.
 Polly Me Love is a 1976 Australian film about a brothel owner's daughter in 1830.The film was a ratings success and also sold to Canada Europe and South America.
 Evil Clutch (also known as Il Bosco 1) is a 1988 Italian horror film written and directed by Andrea Marfori and distributed by Troma Entertainment.An American college student joins her Italian boyfriend for a romantic weekend trip. Along the way they pick up a voluptuous female hitchhiker who turns out to be a maniacal demon with a ferocious deadly claw-like hand. Tagline: The nightmare that grabs you where you least expect it!
 The Electric Grandmother is a television movie that originally aired January 17 1982 on NBC as a 60-minute Peacock Project special based on the science fiction short story I Sing the Body Electric by Ray Bradbury. It stars Maureen Stapleton and Edward Herrmann and was directed by Noel Black. Bradbury's story was previously adapted for television in 1962 as I Sing the Body Electric an episode of The Twilight Zone.
 Terkel in Trouble (Danish: Terkel i knibe) is a Danish animated film. In the original language (Danish) all the voices are done by stand-up comedian Anders Matthesen who also wrote the original story – released on a CD. The movie was also released in Norway under the name Terkel i Knipe and all voices were done by actor Aksel Hennie.
 Fall is a 1997 film directed by written by and starring Eric Schaeffer alongside Amanda de Cadenet. The film was followed by a 2011 sequel After Fall Winter.
 This Way Please is a 1937 American musical comedy featuring Charles Rogers a popular singer from the days of vaudeville entertainment.According to historian Martin Grams this motion picture was the introduction of Mary Livingstone (Mrs. Jack Benny) and Jim and Marian Jordan (radio's Fibber McGee and Molly). This was also Betty Grable's first motion picture under contract with Paramount Studios.
 Dum Maaro Dum (Hindi: दम मारो दम English: Take a shot) is a 2011 Hindi crime film directed by Rohan Sippy who is returning to directing after 5 years and starring Abhishek Bachchan Rana Daggubati Bipasha Basu Prateik Babbar and Aditya Pancholi. It was shot in Goa. Deepika Padukone makes a special appearance in the remix version of the hit song Dum Maro Dum. The music has been composed by Pritam. This is the first time a Bollywood film has been mixed in Dolby 7.1 Surround Sound.
 Man with a Shotgun (散弾銃の男 Shottogan no otoko or Sandanjū no otoko aka The Man with the Hollow-Tip Bullets) is a 1961 Japanese Western film directed by Seijun Suzuki in the vein of the Nikkatsu Studio's borderless action cinema. Hideaki Nitani stars as a singing cowboy-cum-trucker who seeks revenge after his girlfriend is raped and murdered.
 Nell is a 1994 American drama film starring Jodie Foster as a young woman who has to face other people for the first time after being raised by her mother in an isolated cabin. The film also co-starred Liam Neeson Natasha Richardson Richard Libertini and Nick Searcy. The film was directed by Michael Apted and was based on Mark Handley's play Idioglossia. The original music score is composed by Mark Isham. Foster was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for her role.
 Darkman II: The Return of Durant is a 1995 American superhero action film directed by Bradford May. It is a direct-to-video sequel of Darkman. Series creator Sam Raimi serves an an executive producer. It is followed by a further sequel Darkman III: Die Darkman Die
 Aswang aka The Unearthing is a 1994 horror film based on the mythical creature that feeds on the unborn in Filipino folklore.
 Ann Carver's Profession is a 1933 film focusing on the relationship of a lady lawyer and her football star husband and how she must come to his aid when he is accused of murder. The film stars actress Fay Wray and this film was made during the year she cemented her fame inKing Kong.
 Tell It to the Judge is a 1949 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell as a divorcee who tries to get back her ex-husband played by Robert Cummings.
 At Long Last Love is a 1975 American musical romantic comedy film written produced and directed by Peter Bogdanovich and stars Burt Reynolds and Cybill Shepherd.The film pays homage to the great Hollywood musicals of the 1930s such as Swing Time and Top Hat. It features 18 songs with music and lyrics by Cole Porter.
 Big Stakes is a 1922 American film directed by Clifford S. Elfelt.
 Dalaal is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Partho Ghosh for producer Prakash Mehra starring Mithun Chakraborty Ayesha Jhulka and Raj Babbar as villain after a long gap. The film fetched good initial collection primarily due to the Super hit songs composed by Bappi Lahiri. Actully Dalaal was the B-grade movie and was produced to provide financial help to Prakash Mehra and also to boom up the careers of Ayisha Julka and Mithun.
 The Promise is a 1979 film released by Universal Pictures which starred Kathleen Quinlan Stephen Collins and Beatrice Straight. It was directed by Gilbert Cates and produced by Fred Weintraub and Paul Heller. The screenplay was written by Garry Michael White and was novelized later by Danielle Steel.
 Circle of Love (Original French title: La ronde) is a 1964 film directed by Roger Vadim and based on Arthur Schnitzler's 1897 play of the same name. The film generated minor controversy due Jane Fonda's involvement as she was one of the first major American actresses to do a nude scene in a foreign film.
 Her Dark Secret (German: Ihr dunkler Punkt) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Lilian Harvey Willy Fritsch and Harry Halm. The film reuinted Harvey and Fritsch who had previously appeared together in Chaste Susanne (1926) although this time their characters become a couple at the end of the film.
 Kurama Tengu: Kyōfu Jidai (鞍馬天狗 恐怖時代 The Frightful Era of Kurama Tengu) is a 1928 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Teppei Yamaguchi. It is part of the Kurama Tengu series and features the battle between the title character Kurama Tengu and his impostor. The last scene featuring sword fights of exhilarating speed is one reason this series was very popular especially with children.
 Dark Rainbow is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Abhik Bhanu starring Sara Khan and Mayur Mehta. It is scheduled to be released in mid-2013.Abhik Bhanu who previously directed the feature film Sab Kuch Hai Kuch Bhi Nahin is also the author of Dark Rainbow.The official launch of the movie was on 15 December 2011 with Ekta Kapoor in attendance.
 Kill Me Later is a 2001 film directed by Dana Lustig and starring Selma Blair and Max Beesley; it also features Brendan Fehr and Keegan Connor Tracy.
 An Otter Study is a 1912 British short black-and-white silent documentary film produced by Kineto featuring an otter in its natural habitat including groundbreaking footage of underwater hunting scenes.
 Dreamland is an American Drama film that was released on December 19 2006. The primary plot focuses concern overcoming fear struggling friend to friend relationships and overall coming of age in small-town America.
 See How They Run is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Ronald Shiner as Wally Winton.
 Red Hot is a 1993 Canadian drama film directed by Paul Haggis. The film was Haggis' feature film directorial debut.
 One Safe is a 2012 short film directed by Gaetano Naccarato.
 Wedding Rings is a 1929 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring H.B. Warner Lois Wilson and Olive Borden.
 Trancers 6 is a 2002 science fiction film starring Zette Sullivan Jennifer Capo Robert Donavan Timothy Prindle Jere Jon Jennifer Cantrell Ben Bar James R. Hilton Kyle O. Ingleman Gregory Lee Kenyon and Douglas Smith. The film was directed by Jay Woelfel and produced by Johnnie J. Young of Young Wolf Productions.
 Squatter's Delight or In Krakende Welstand is a 1990 Dutch drama film directed by Mijke de Jong.
 The Impatient Alchemist (Spanish: El Alquimista impaciente) is a 2002 Argentine thriller film directed and written by Patricia Ferreira. The film starred Ingrid Rubio and Miguel Ángel Solá.
 Here Come the Munsters is a television film that aired on Fox October 31 1995. It starred Edward Herrmann Christine Taylor and Veronica Hamel. It included cameos from original Munsters surviving cast members Yvonne De Carlo Al Lewis Butch Patrick and Pat Priest. The film told the story of the Munster family's arrival in America from Transylvania.While the movie did in some parts capture the feel of the original series it departs from the established Munsters canon.
 All About My Dog (いぬのえいが Inu no Eiga) is a 2005 Japanese film consisting of interwoven shorts about dogs. The film's various short stories are directed by Isshin Inudou Hideki Kuroda Yoshio Kuroda Satoshi Nagai Shinsuke Sato Tetsuhisa Yazu and Atsushi Sanada. The Marimo short section is particularly popular on internet memes
 Grown Up is a 1993 7 minute 16mm short animated film by Joanna Priestley using drawings on paper pixellated hands and object animation. The film was written by Barbara Carnegie and Joanna Priestley and directed produced and animated by Priestley.
 The Death of the Incredible Hulk is a 1990 made-for-television film the last of three revival TV movies from the 1978–1982 television show The Incredible Hulk. Bill Bixby reprises his role as Dr. David Bruce Banner and Lou Ferrigno returns to play the Hulk. Prior to Bill Bixby's death in 1993 there was talk of another Incredible Hulk television movie which would resurrect the character. It was filmed in Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 Gidget Goes to Rome is a 1963 Columbia Pictures feature film starring Cindy Carol as the archetypal high school teen surfer girl originally created by Sandra Dee in the 1959 film Gidget. The film is the third of three Gidget films directed by Paul Wendkos and expands upon Gidget's romance with boyfriend Moondoggie. The screenplay was written by Ruth Brooks Flippen based on characters created by Frederick Kohner.
 The Joe Louis Story is a 1953 American film directed by Robert Gordon.
 Help! The Doctor Is Drowning (Dutch: Help de dokter verzuipt!) is a 1974 Dutch comedy film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde. The film was entered into the 1975 Melbourne International Film Festival. It was also selected as the Dutch entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Honneponnetje is a 1988 Dutch film directed by Ruud van Hemert. Plot A nun escapes the convent to discover the real world outside. Her parents however believe that she's kidnapped.
 The Conquest of Everest is a 1953 British documentary film directed by George Lowe about various expeditions to the summit of Mount Everest. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Ahmad Albab is a 1968 Malaysian drama-comedy film directed by written by and starring Malaysian artiste P. Ramlee about an arrogant and materialistic man who marries off his outspoken daughter to a poor villager to teach her a lesson. The story is in the style of traditional Malay folktales with an underlying moral message. The movie features real-life husband and wife P. Ramlee and Saloma acting opposite each other.
 Małżeństwo z rozsądku (Marriage of Convenience) is a Polish musical comedy from 1966 directed by Stanisław Bareja.
 Ever Ready is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Marta Ferrari is a 1956 Argentine film.
 Miracle of Flight is a 1974 short animated comedy film written and directed by Terry Gilliam.
 El gángster (The Gangster) is a 1965 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.
 Alias Mr. Twilight is a 1946 film by John Sturges.
 Cuban Story: The Truth about Fidel Castro Revolution is a 1959 film documentary narrated by Errol Flynn and the last known performance work of his career. It was one of two films Flynn made about the Cuban Revolution the other being the drama-documentary Cuban Rebel Girls (1959).
 Aschorjo Prodeep ([aʃtʃrdʒ prod̪ip] Bengali: আশ্চর্য্য প্রদীপ English: Astonishing Lamp) is a 2013 Indian Bengali film directed by Anik Dutta. The film is based on a short story by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. It is Dutta's second feature film as a director. The film's theatrical trailer was released on YouTube on 26 October 2013 while the film is expected to release on 15 November 2013 in Kolkata.
 Thanatomorphose is a 2012 Canadian horror film directed by Éric Falardeau and his directorial debut. It was first released on October 2 2012 in Spain and has been shown at several film festivals since then including the Fantasia Film Festival. Thanatomorphose stars Kayden Rose as a young woman that finds her body slowly rotting from a mysterious ailment.
 History of the Eagles is a 2013 two-part authorized documentary about the Eagles directed by Alison Ellwood and co-produced by Alex Gibney. After screening at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival in January it aired on Showtime in February and was released in April on DVD and Blu-ray Disc with a third disc containing eight songs from the band's performance at the Capital Centre in March 1977.
 Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated musical western comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 2 2004 and was named after the popular country song Home on the Range.
 Fury is a 1936 American drama film directed by Fritz Lang which tells the story of an innocent man (Spencer Tracy) who narrowly escapes being lynched and the revenge he seeks. The picture was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and stars Sylvia Sidney and Tracy with a supporting cast featuring Walter Abel Bruce Cabot Edward Ellis and Walter Brennan.
 Tuesdays with Morrie is a 1999 television film adaptation of the Mitch Albom's book of the same title. It features Jack Lemmon in a role for which he won an Emmy award.
 The Flower in His Mouth (Italian: Gente di rispetto) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Jennifer O'Neill.
 El Rati Horror Show is a 2010 Argentine film directed by Enrique Piñeyro and written by Piñeyro and Pablo Galfre.
 Pink String and Sealing Wax is a 1945 British drama film directed by Robert Hamer and starring Mervyn Johns Googie Withers and Gordon Jackson.
 The Descent Part 2 is a 2009 British adventure horror film and a sequel to the 2005 horror film The Descent. Shot in London the film was released in cinemas in the UK on 2 December 2009 and on DVD on 27 April 2010 in the US. The film was produced by Christian Colson and co-produced by Paul Ritchie with Neil Marshall the producer and director of the original as executive producer.
 Cop is a 1988 film starring James Woods and Lesley Ann Warren. It is based on the book Blood on the Moon by James Ellroy. The screenplay was written by James B. Harris who also directs. Harris and Woods co-produced the film.
 American Dreamer is a 1984 American film starring JoBeth Williams and Tom Conti. It was directed by Rick Rosenthal from a script by Ann Biderman David Greenwalt and Jim Kouf.An American housewife wins a trip to Paris in a mystery-writing contest. She loses her memory when she's hit by a car and begins acting as if she were the female detective in her story.
 What America Needs: From Sea to Shining Sea is a 2003 documentary film movie filmed by Mark Wojahn. It is a sequel to the award winning 1995 film What America Needs: An Interior Expedition which was produced in conjunction with the progressive film co-op the New Kinomatagraphic Union.
 Hitler Beast of Berlin (1939) was one of the most popular hiss and boo films of World War II era based on the novel Goose Step by Shepard Traube. The film was the first production of Producers Releasing Corporation. It was recut and released as Beasts of Berlin the same year having been banned in New York as too inflammatory at the time. It was also reissued in the early 1940s as Hell's Devils.
 Under Our Skin: The Untold Story of Lyme Disease is a 2008 documentary film about Lyme disease focusing on the controversy surrounding chronic Lyme disease a controversial and unrecognized diagnosis. The film was directed by Andy Abrahams Wilson who became interested in the subject after his sister contracted Lyme disease. The film had its theatrical premiere on June 19 2009 at the IFC Center in New York City.
 Alibaba Marjinaa is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Kedar Kapoor. The film stars Urmila Bhatt and Birbal.
 Murder by Proxy also known as Blackout is a 1954 crime drama film directed by Terence Fisher. It stars Dane Clark and Belinda Lee. In it a drunk and down-and-out Casey Morrow (Clark) in London is approached by a young and beautiful heiress Phyllis Brunner (Lee) with an offer of lots of money if he will marry her. He accepts but then wakes up the next morning in some other woman's apartment with blood on his coat from the murder of Brunner's father.
 The Last Confederate: The Story of Robert Adams is a 2007 film starring Julian Adams Amy Redford Gwendolyn Edwards Eric Holloway Joshua Lindsey and Mickey Rooney Tippi Hedren about the life of Confederate Captain Robert Adams II. It was released in 2007 by ThinkFilm and garnered 10 awards on the film festival circuit. The film was produced by Weston Adams (diplomat) Julian Adams and Billy Fox.
 Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu (also known as AIBI; Tamil: அழகாய் இருக்கிறாய் பயமாய் இருக்கிறது; English: You look beautiful (so) I'm scared!) is a 2006 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by cinematographer-turned-director S.D. Vijay Milton. It starring Bharath and Mallika Kapoor (making her Kollywood debut) in lead and Arun Vijay Deepu Renuka and M. S. Baskar in vital supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Hysterical is a 1982 film from Embassy Pictures that was intended to spoof the horror movies that were abundant at the time. Not to be confused with the 2006 film of the same name. The Hudson Brothers star in this movie.
 Standing Ovation is a musical film written and directed by Stewart Raffill. Standing Ovation was produced by Kenilworth Film Productions and had a limited theatrical release on July 16 2010.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the Animal Planet (のび太とアニマル惑星 Doraemon: Nobita to Animaru Puranetto) is a feature-length Doraemon film which premiered on March 10 1990.
 Donde comienzan los pantanos is a 1952 Argentine film.
 An Unsuitable Job for a Woman is a 1982 British crime film directed by Chris Petit. It was entered into the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name by P. D. James.
 The Man from Laramie is a 1955 American Western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart Arthur Kennedy Donald Crisp and Cathy O'Donnell.Written by Philip Yordan and Frank Burt the film is about a stranger who defies a local cattle baron and his sadistic son by working for one of his oldest rivals. The film was adapted from a story of the same title by Thomas T.
 Giuseppe Verdi is a 1938 Italian biographical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Fosco Giachetti Gaby Morlay and Germana Paolieri. The film portrays the life of the composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901). The casting of Giachetti as Verdi was intended to emphasise the composer's patriotism as he had recently played patriotic roles in films such as The White Squadron. The film was made at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
 The Cellar is a 1989 horror film directed by Kevin Tenney and starring Patrick Kilpatrick.
 Me Natalie is a 1969 American comedy-drama film directed by Fred Coe. The screenplay by A. Martin Zweiback is based on an original story by Academy Award-winner Stanley Shapiro who previously wrote Pillow Talk Lover Come Back and That Touch of Mink for Doris Day. The film marked the screen debut of Al Pacino in a minor supporting role.
 Kira's Reason - A Love Story (Danish: En Kærlighedshistorie) is a 2001 Danish drama directed by Ole Christian Madsen and written by Madsen and Mogens Rukov. The film stars Stine Stengade in a character study of a young mother who released after two years a psychiatric ward struggles to hold her marriage family and life intact. Filmed using the minimalist techniques of the Dogme 95 movement Kira's Reason is also known as Dogme #21.
 Dial H-I-S-T-O-R-Y a 68 minute-long film by director Johan Grimonprez traces the history of airplane hijackings as portrayed by mainstream television media. The film premiered in 1997 at the Musée National d'Art Moderne (Centre Georges Pompidou (Paris); and at Catherine David's curated Documenta X(Kassel). This study in pre-Sept.
 Another Harvest Moon is a 2009 American drama film directed by Greg Swartz about four elderly citizens coping with life in a nursing home. The film stars Ernest Borgnine Piper Laurie Anne Meara and Doris Roberts.
 Phoenix 2772 (火の鳥2772 愛のコスモゾーン Hi no Tori 2772: Ai no Kosumozōn lit. Firebird 2772: Love's Cosmozone) is a 1980 Japanese animated science fiction feature film directed by Taku Sugiyama and written by Osamu Tezuka based on Tezuka's manga series Phoenix (Hi no Tori). It was then released in the UK in 1980 under the title Space Firebird and later in the United States in 1983 shortened to 79 minutes and dubbed by British voice-actors.
 Entre Nos is a 2009 drama film starring Paola Mendoza. The film which was co-written and co-directed by Mendoza with Gloria LaMorte explores the life of Mariana a Colombian immigrant attempting to survive on the streets of New York City with her two children. The film has been screened at over 14 film festivals including the Tribeca Film Festival has won numerous awards and has garnered generally positive reviews.
 Tsumugi (制服美少女　先生あたしを抱いて Seifuku bishōjo: Sensei atashi wo daite) aka Uniform Beauty: Shag Me Teacher! (2004) is an award-winning Japanese pink film directed by Hidekazu Takahara and starring Sora Aoi. It was released in the US as a DVD in July 2009.
 Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World's Fair at San Francisco is a 1915 American short comedy-documentary film both starring and directed by Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.
 Nayam Vyakthamakkunnu (English: Making Your Point Clear) is a 1991 Malayalam film written and directed by Balachandra Menon starring Mammootty and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles.
 The Wandering Swordsman is a 1970 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio starring David Chiang and Lily Li.
 Aladin is a 2009 Bollywood fantasy adventure film directed by Sujoy Ghosh. Amitabh Bachchan Ritesh Deshmukh Jacqueline Fernandez and Sanjay Dutt appear in pivotal roles in the movie. Sabu Cyril designed the sets of this film.
 Fracchia la belva umana (Fracchia the fanatic) is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Moment (Serbian: Трен translit. Tren) is a 1978 Yugoslav war film directed by Stole Janković. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival where Bata Živojinović won the award for Best Actor.
 Servants' Entrance (1934) is a musical comedy movie starring Janet Gaynor. The movie was written by Samson Raphaelson from the Sigrid Boo novel and directed by Frank Lloyd with a cartoon sequence by Walt Disney in which an understandably startled Gaynor sings a song while obstreperous animated singing silverware prance around on her bed an early example of combining live action with animation.
 A Song for Miss Julie is a 1945 American film directed by William Rowland.
 Junoon (Urdu: جنون‎ English: Madness or Obsession) is a 1992 Hindi horror film directed by Mahesh Bhatt. The film makes use of morphing a special effect in motion pictures and animations that changes (or morphs) one image into another through a seamless transition to transform human face into tiger and back from tiger to human.Junoon's basic plot has been lifted from the 1981 Oscar winning classic An American Werewolf in London directed by John Landis starring David Naughton.
 Shredder is a 2003 horror film directed by Greg Huson. It stars Scott Weinger and Lindsey McKeon and centers around a group of friends being stalked and murdered by an unknown figure at an abandoned ski resort.
 Il Boia di Lilla is a 1952 Italian adventure film directed by Vittorio Cottafavi.
 69 is a 2004 film adaptation of Ryu Murakami's novel 69.
 Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas is a 2006 film directed by Scott Lew starring Patrick Fugit and Olivia Wilde.
 Highway Racer (originally titled Poliziotto sprint) is a 1977 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi. It was the first collaboration between Massi and Maurizio Merli who worked together in six titles between 1977 and 1980.
 Kolpaçino: Bomba is a 2011 Turkish comedy film starring co-written and directed by Şafak Sezer. The film which opened on March 11 2011 (2011-03-11) at number 1 in the Turkish box office is a sequel to Kolpaçino (2009) and is one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2011.
 Sorry Wrong Number is a 1948 American suspense film noir directed by Anatole Litvak and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Burt Lancaster. It tells the story of a woman who overhears a murder plot. The film was adapted by Lucille Fletcher from her radio play. It is one of the few pre-1950 Paramount Pictures films that remained in the studio's library (the rest are currently owned by Universal).
 Secrets of Monte Carlo is a 1951 American crime film directed by George Blair and starring Warren Douglas Lois Hall and June Vincent.
 The Hoax is a 2006 American drama film starring Richard Gere directed by Lasse Hallström. The screenplay by William Wheeler is based on the book of the same title by Clifford Irving and focuses on the autobiography Irving supposedly helped Howard Hughes write.Many of the events Irving described in his book were changed or completely eliminated from the film.
 Exorcism: The Possession of Gail Bowers is a 2006 direct-to-DVD horror film by The Asylum written and directed by Leigh Scott.
 Main Aisa Hi Hoon (English: I Am Like This) is a Bollywood film released in 2005. It was directed by Harry Baweja and stars Ajay Devgan Sushmita Sen Esha Deol and Anupam Kher. This film is a remake of the American drama film I Am Sam written and directed by Jessie Nelson and starring Sean Penn as a father with a developmental disability.
 Kutsal Damacana 2: İtmen is a 2010 Turkish comedy film directed by Korhan Bozkurt starring Safak Sezer as a sailor who returns to Istanbul following misadventures with Somali pirates and a sojourn in a Budhist monastery to do battle with a werewolf. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 22 2010 (2010-01-22) was one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2010.
 Star Maps (1997) directed by Miguel Arteta debuted at the Sundance Film Festival. It was a critical hit receiving five Independent Spirit Award nominations including Best First Feature and Best First Screenplay.
 Maro Charitra is a 1978 romantic tragedy film written and directed by K. Balachander. made in the Telugu language it stars Kamal Haasan and Saritha in the lead with Madhavi and Sarath Babu appearing in prominent roles. The film deals with cross-cultural romance between a Tamil boy and a Telugu girl. Upon release it became a blockbuster and remains a cult classic.
 La Funivia del faloria (The Funicular of Mount Faloria ) is a 1950 Italian documentary film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni.The film takes the viewer on a cable car ride through the Dolomites. Much of the film was shot in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
 La Valija is a 1971 Argentine film.
 Nicky's Game is an American short film originally developed and produced as an independent television pilot based on Peter Alson's New York Times Best Seller Confessions of an Ivy League Bookie. The film was shot in 16mm on location in New York City and premiered in 2005 at the inaugural New York Television Festival. It went on to become an official selection of the 2006 Vail Film Festival and CineVegas International Film Festival before being released on DVD and other media by IndiePix Films.
 I dag begynder livet is a 1939 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Paap (English: Sin) is a 2004 Bollywood film directed by Pooja Bhatt in her directorial debut and features John Abraham Udita Goswami Gulshan Grover and Mohan Agashe. Though the film did not fare well at the box office it received considerable critical acclaim especially for its cinematography direction and Mahesh Bhatt's Indianised adaptation.
 Antam which means End in English (sometimes spelled as Antham) is a 1992 action Telugu film directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film stars Nagarjuna Akkineni in a negative role Urmila Matondkar as an Ornithology student and Danny Denzongpa.
 The Forty-First (Russian: Сорок первый Sorok pervyy) is a 1956 Soviet film based on the eponymous novel by Boris Lavrenyev. It was directed by Grigori Chukhrai and starred Izolda Izvitskaya and Oleg Strizhenov. The film is set during the Russian Civil War and tells the story of a tragic romance between a female sniper of the Red Army and an officer of the White Army.
 The Perils of Pauline is a 1914 American film serial shown in weekly installments featuring Pearl White as the title character. Pauline has often been cited as a famous example of a damsel in distress although some analyses hold that her character was more resourceful and less helpless than the classic damsel stereotype.Pauline is menaced by assorted villains including pirates and Indians.
 Gonin (Japanese: ゴニン (５人) or in some English-language editions The Five) is a 1995 film directed by Takashi Ishii and starring Takeshi Kitano Kōichi Satō and Masahiro Motoki. This was the first film Kitano starred in after his 1994 motorcycle accident. The eye patch the character wears was because his right eye was still leaking fluids.
 Bad Milo! is a 2013 horror-comedy film written by Jacob Vaughan and Benjamin Hayes and directed by Jacob Vaughan. The film stars Ken Marino and was released in theaters October 4 2013.
 Carne de tu Carne (English: Flesh of Your Flesh) is a 1983 Colombian drama film written and directed by Carlos Mayolo.
 Anokhi Pehchan is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Sanjay Khan and Raakhee .
 The Unkabogable: Praybeyt Benjamin (English: Private Benjamin) is a 2011 Filipino action comedy film starring Vice Ganda. It was written and directed by Wenn V. Deramas.The film is the first Filipino film to break the P300 million mark in the box office. It is the highest grossing Filipino film in 2011 and once held the title of the highest-grossing Filipino film of all time until it was surpassed by the 2012 Metro Manila Film Fest entry Sisterakas.
 The Battery is a 2012 American drama-horror film and the directorial debut of Jeremy Gardner. The film stars Gardner and co-producer Adam Cronheim as two former baseball players trying to survive a zombie apocalypse. The film premiered at the Telluride Horror Show in October 2012 and received a video-on-demand release June 4 2013. It has won audience awards at several international film festivals.
 Terror-Creatures from the Grave (Italian title: Cinque tombe per un medium) is a 1965 Italian supernatural horror film directed by Massimo Pupillo. The film stars Barbara Steele Walter Brandi and Mirella Maravidi.
 The Manhattan Project is an American film released in 1986. Named after the World War II-era program the plot revolves around a gifted high school student who decides to construct a nuclear bomb for a national science fair. The film's underlying theme involves the Cold War of the 1980s when government secrecy and mutually assured destruction were key political and military issues.
 Yaadon Ki Baaraat (Hindi: यादों की बारात; Urdu: یادوں کی بارات‎; Procession of Memories) is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Nasir Hussain. It starred Dharmendra Zeenat Aman Ajit Khan Vijay Arora Tariq and Neetu Singh. The film became a box office hit. It is still remembered fondly for its soundtrack composed by music director R.D. Burman.The track Chura Liya Hai sung by Asha Bhosle and Mohammed Rafi is particularly well-known.
 Jekyll is an American horror film starring Matt Keeslar Jonathan Silverman Desmond Askew Alanna Ubach Siena Goines Abigail Spencer John Rubinstein Josh Stewart Roger Rose and written and directed by Scott Zakarin.
 Chitram! Bhalare Vichitram!! is a 1992 Telugu film directed by P. N. Ramachandra Rao.
 Man-Made Monster (1941) is a science fiction horror film released by Universal Pictures. The film stars Lon Chaney Jr. in his horror debut. Man-Made Monster was re-released under various titles including Electric Man and The Mysterious Dr. R. In 1953 it was re-released by Realart Pictures under the title The Atomic Monster on a double bill with The Flying Saucer (1950).
 Citation for this article is in progress.Occupied Minds: A Palestinian-Israeli journey beyond hope and despair is a 2006 documentary film that was written produced and directed by journalists Jamal Dajani and David Michaelis. The film first released in the United States on March 2006 and centers upon the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
 Going Away (French: Il est parti dimanche) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Nicole Garcia. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Alice's Birthday (Russian: Де́нь рожде́ния Али́сы translit. Den' rozhdeniya Alisy) is a 2009 Russian traditionally animated children's science fiction film directed by Sergey Seryogin and produced by Master-film studio. The film is based on a novella of the same name by Kir Bulychov about Alisa (Alice) Selezneva a teenage girl from the future. It is a spiritual successor to 1981 animated film The Mystery of the Third Planet from which it draws a heavy influence.
 The One and Only is a 2002 British romantic comedy film directed by Simon Cellan Jones and starring Richard Roxburgh Justine Waddell and Sharon Scurfield. The film is a remake of Susanne Bier's 1999 Danish box-office hit Den Eneste Ene. Supported by the Newcastle City Council to promote a positive image of the city the story was reset in Newcastle and Gateshead.
 UFOs: Seeing Is Believing is a two-hour American television special documentary film that aired on ABC on February 24 2005. The program is narrated by Peter Jennings and features UFOs. It was produced by PJ Productions and Springs Media for ABC News. Dr. Steven M.
 Steel (Italian:Acciaio) is a 1933 Italian drama film directed by Walter Ruttmann and starring Piero Pastore Isa Pola and Vittorio Bellaccini. The film was shot on location at the steel mills in Terni in Umbria. It was based on the novel Giuoca Pietro! by Luigi Pirandello. With its semi-documentary style it was one of a number of films made in the Fascist era that serve as a precursor to Italian neorealism which emerged in the mid-1940s.
 The Yin and the Yang of Mr. Go is a 1970 British film directed by Burgess Meredith.
 Quo Vadis (or Quo Vadis?) is a 1925 Italian silent historical film directed by Gabriellino D'Annunzio and Georg Jacoby and starring Emil Jannings Elena Sangro and Lillian Hall-Davis. It is based on the novel Quo Vadis by Henryk Sienkiewicz which was notably later adapted into a 1951 film.
 Black Book (Dutch: Zwartboek) is a 2006 Dutch World War II film co-written and directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Carice van Houten Sebastian Koch Thom Hoffman and Halina Reijn. The film credited as based on several true events and characters is about a young Jewish woman in the Netherlands who becomes a spy for the resistance during World War II after tragedy befalls her in an encounter with the Nazis.
 Blind Dating (also known as Blind Guy Driving) is a 2006 romantic comedy film directed by James Keach and starring Chris Pine Eddie Kaye Thomas Anjali Jay Jane Seymour and Jayma Mays. The movie is produced by David Shanks and James Keach and is distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films LLC.During its release the film received mixed-to-negative reviews. The publication City Weekly proposed that actor Chris Pine receive a special award for Best Performance in an Otherwise Inexplicable Film.
 American Cuisine (Cuisine américaine) is a French Movie directed by Jean-Yves Pitoun released in 1998 in France in 2001 in USA.
 Modern Girls is a 1986 comedy film. The film is directed by Jerry Kramer and stars Virginia Madsen Daphne Zuniga and Cynthia Gibb.
 Paranoia is an American thriller film directed by Robert Luketic. Barry L. Levy and Jason Dean Hall wrote the screenplay which was based on the 2004 novel of the same name by Joseph Finder. It stars Liam Hemsworth Gary Oldman Amber Heard and Harrison Ford.The film was released on August 16 2013 and was a critical failure as well as a box office bomb.
 The Runaround (1931) is a comedy-drama film that was photographed entirely in Technicolor. It is the first to be filmed in a new Technicolor process which removed grain and resulted in a much improved color.The film was first released with some music early in 1931 as Waiting for the Bride or Waiting at the Church (with a running time of 82 minutes) but was withdrawn from release because of the apathy towards musicals in the United States.
 The Rainmaker is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Matt Damon based on the 1995 novel of the same name by John Grisham.Danny DeVito Danny Glover Claire Danes Jon Voight Roy Scheider Mickey Rourke Virginia Madsen and Mary Kay Place also star. This was the final film appearance of Academy Award-winning actress Teresa Wright.
 O Lucky Man! is a 1973 British comedy-drama fantasy film intended as an allegory on life in a capitalist society. Directed by Lindsay Anderson it stars Malcolm McDowell as Mick Travis whom McDowell had first played as a disaffected public schoolboy in his first film performance in Anderson's film if.... (1968). The film was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 Past Midnight is a 1991 Neo-noir thriller film (with slasher connections) starring Paul Giamatti Tom Wright and Clancy Brown alongside leads Rutger Hauer and Natasha Richardson.
 Stones in Exile is a 2010 documentary film about the recording of the 1972 The Rolling Stones album Exile on Main St. Directed by Stephen Kijak it premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. It had its worldwide premiere on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. Fallon announced on his show that he would mark the re-release of the album with a week's worth of musicians performing songs from the album. The final night of the week he held the premiere.
 Wer seine Frau lieb hat is an East German film. It was released in 1955.
 Affæren Birte is a 1945 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 National Lampoon's Adam & Eve is a 2005 comedy motion picture released as part of the ongoing series of National Lampoon films. The film is directed by Jeff Kanew and stars Cameron Douglas Emmanuelle Chriqui George Dzundza and others. The film is also known as simply Adam and Eve.
 The Old Wives' Tale is a 1921 British drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton Florence Turner and Henry Victor. It is based on the 1908 novel The Old Wives' Tale by Arnold Bennett.
 Testimony is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Guy Newall and starring Ivy Duke David Hawthorne and Mary Rorke. It was based on the novel of the same title by Alice and Claude Askew.
 Haunted Poland (Polish: Nawiedzona Polska) is a 2011 horror film in the found footage genre pieced together from amateur footage. The film was produced by Maso & Co Productions. Told cinéma vérité-style Haunted Poland depicts the contents of recorded tape filmed by a couple Ewelyn played by Ewelina Lukaszewska and Pau played by Pau Masó who visited Poland to meet and visit family.
 The Wool Cap is a 2004 American cable television movie an updated and Americanized version of the 1962 feature film Gigot starring Jackie Gleason who wrote the original story.In this adaptation written by William H. Macy and Steven Schachter Charlie Gigot is the mute and alcoholic superintendent of a dilapidated New York City apartment building. He becomes the unwilling parent figure for Lou a young girl temporarily left in his care by a woman who fails to return for her.
 A Christmas Wedding is a 2006 Lifetime Television film directed by Michael Zinberg and starring Dean Cain Sarah Paulson and Eric Mabius.
 Bloodspit is a comedy horror film that was produced in Sydney Australia in 2006. The film found distribution through Troma Entertainment the creators of The Toxic Avenger. Directed by Duke Hendrix Bloodspit follows the exploits of crazed vampire hunter Dr Ludvich as he attempts to steal the family crest from the evil Count Blaughspich's coffin. Ludvich needs the crest in order to prevent the Count and his castle full of mutant freaks from returning to the mirror world.
 Turquoise (Turkish: Turkuaze; Dutch: Turquaze) is a 2009 Belgian-Turkish drama film written and directed by Kadir Balcı about the identity crisis experienced by three Turkish brothers who return to the Belgian city of Ghent after they bury their father in Istanbul. The film which went on nationwide release across Belgium on 29 September 2010 (2010-09-29) was selected for the 16th London Turkish Film Festival.
 Bloody Mama is a 1970 American low-budget drama film directed by Roger Corman and starring Shelley Winters in the title role. It was very loosely based on the real story of Ma Barker who is depicted as a corrupt mother who encourages and organizes her children's criminality; in reality Ma Barker's involvement in criminality was fairly limited.
 Bhat De (Bengali: ভাত দে) is a Bangladeshi film drama released in 1984. The film was edited written and directed by Amjad Hossain. The film starred Alamgir Shabana in the lead roles and co-starred Rajiv Anwar Hossain.
 Another Midnight Run (1994) is the first in a series of made-for-TV movies for Universal Television's Action Pack based on the popular feature film Midnight Run put together by MCA TV to resurrect Los Angeles bounty-hunter Jack Walsh who tasted box office success in 1988.
 Fast Company is a 1929 American comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Jack Oakie and Evelyn Brent.
 Machete is a 2010 American action comedy film written produced and directed by Robert Rodriguez and also directed by Ethan Maniquis. This film is an expansion of a fake trailer that was included in Rodriguez's and Quentin Tarantino's 2007 Grindhouse double-feature. Machete continues the B movie and exploitation style of Grindhouse and includes some of the footage.
 These Girls Are Missing is a 1995 documentary film from directors Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini. In a striking and bold manner it addresses the gender gap in education in Africa. Its world premiere was at the UN Fourth World Conference on Women.
 The Grass Is Greener is a 1960 comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Cary Grant Deborah Kerr Robert Mitchum and Jean Simmons. The film was adapted by Hugh Williams and Margaret Vyner from the play of the same name which they had written and found success with in London's West End.
 Bully (originally titled The Bully Project) is a 2011 documentary film about bullying in U.S. schools. Directed by Lee Hirsch the film follows the lives of five students who face bullying on a daily basis. Bully premiered at the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival. It was also screened at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival and the LA Film Festival.Bully had its global premiere at Italy's Ischia Film Festival on July 17 2011.
 Carnival Rock is a 1957 film directed by Roger Corman with musical performances by the Platters David Houston Bob Luman and His Shadows and the Blockbusters.
 Anmol Ghadi (English title:Precious Time) is a 1946 Hindi film directed by Mehboob Khan starring Surendra Suraiya and Noor Jehan. The film was musical hit and still remembered for its music by Naushad which have hits like Aawaaz De Kahaan Hai Jawaan Hai Mohabbat Haseen Hai Zamana and Mere Bachpan Ke Saathi Mujhe Bhool Na Jaana. The film also featured playback singer Mohd. Rafi first notable song Tera Khilauna Toota and became the highest grossing film at the Indian Box Office in 1946.
 Bhagyada Balegara (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯದ ಬಳೆಗಾರ) is a 2009 Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ajay Kumar. The film features Shivarajkumar and Navya Nair in lead roles whilst Adi Lokesh Anu Prabhakar and Sudharani play the supporting roles.The film featured original score and soundtrack composed by Ilayaraja. The soundtrack included two of the most popular folk songs in Kannada.
 Choonda is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
 Wax Mask (Italian: M.D.C. - Maschera di cera also known as Gaston Leroux's Wax Mask) is a 1997 Italian horror film. Previously appointed to be directed by Lucio Fulci it marked the directorial debut of the special effect artist Sergio Stivaletti.
 Corazón fiel is a 1954 Argentine film.
 Gata Velha Ainda Mia (English: Never Too Old to Meow) is a 2014 Brazilian drama thriller film written and directed by Rafael Primot and starring Regina Duarte Bárbara Paz and Gilda Nomacce. The film was screened as hors-concours at the 2013 Festival do Rio and was also screened at the LA Indie Film Fest.
 Scumbus is an Australian comedy film written and produced by Ed Kavalee. The film stars Kavalee Toby Truslove and Lachy Hulme. It was filmed in Melbourne Victoria.
 Marnie is a 1964 psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock and based on the novel of the same name by Winston Graham. The film stars Tippi Hedren and Sean Connery.Evan Hunter produced initial drafts of the screenplay but was replaced by Jay Presson Allen after creative differences. The original film score was composed by Bernard Herrmann.
 Morozko is a 1924 silent film made in the Soviet Union and based on the Russian fairy tale Father Frost.
 Kingfish: A Story of Huey P. Long is a 1995 English language drama starring John Goodman and directed by Thomas Schlamme. The film originally aired on TNT and was nominated for two Emmy awards.
 The Saga of Gosta Berling (Swedish: Gösta Berlings saga) is a 1924 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller and released by AB Svensk Filmindustri starring Lars Hanson Gerda Lundequist and Greta Garbo in her native break-out role on film. The film is based on the 1891 debut novel of the same name by the Swedish author and Nobel Prize winner Selma Lagerlöf. It is also known as Gosta Berling's Saga The Story of Gosta Berling and The Atonement of Gosta Berling.
 Against Wind and Tide: A Cuban Odyssey is a 1981 American documentary film about the Mariel boatlift which was first broadcast on PBS the week of June 1 1981. Written by John Brousek the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Clipped Wings is a 1937 American film directed by Stuart Paton.
 I'm Not Jesus Mommy also called Devil's Angel is a preternatural thriller motion picture directed by Vaughn Juares. The film is an interpretation of the Book of Revelation and the End Times and centers around a secret human cloning project which attempts to reproduce the Second Coming of Christ but the child is born without a soul and is instead the Antichrist.
 Bang Boom Bang is a German comedy film from 1999. The movie is set in Unna Westphalia which was besides Dortmund one of the shooting locations.
 Amalio Reyes un hombre is a 1970 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Carreras and written by Norberto Aroldi. It was based on the story by Catulo Castillo. The film starred Elsa Daniel Hugo del Carril and Mario Lozano.
 Israel and the Arabs: Elusive Peace is the name of a three-part British documentary series shown in October 2005 on BBC Two about the attempts to settle the Israeli–Palestinian conflict after the 2000 Camp David Summit.The series was produced by Norma Percy who had produced The Death of Yugoslavia before.
 Countdown to Armageddon is a 2004 History Channel documentary film that reviews the history of apocalyptic literature (Armageddon). The documentary is written and directed by David de Vries produced by Craig Haffner and Glenn Kirschbaum narrated by Edward Herrmann and features archaeologist/historian Eric H.
 (For the For Pete's Sake song see The Monkees music band and Peter Tork.)For Pete's Sake is a 1974 American screwball comedy film directed by Peter Yates. The screenplay by Stanley Shapiro and Maurice Richlin chronicles the misadventures of a Brooklyn housewife. In 1977 it was remade in India as the Hindi film Aap Ki Khatir.
 Save Me is a 2007 film directed by Robert Cary about Mark (Chad Allen) a drug-addicted homosexual man who is admitted into an ex-gay program run by Gayle (Judith Light) and her husband Ted (Stephen Lang).
 Prathi Gnayiru 9.30 to 10.00 is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2006.
 Night in London is a 1967 Hindi film directed by Brij. The film stars Biswajeet Mala Sinha Johnny Walker and Helen.
 Ne čakaj na maj (lit. Do not wait for May with an English title Don't Whisper) is a 1957 Slovene romantic comedy directed by František Čap. It is a sequel to the 1953 film Vesna.
 Romeo (Telugu: రోమియో) is an Upcoming Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar and Adonika in the Lead directed by Gopi Ganesh. Valluripalli Ramesh Produced this Movie on Maharshi Cinema Banner and Sunil Kashyap provided the Music for the film.
 The Badge is a 2002 mystery-thriller film directed by Robby Henson and stars Billy Bob Thornton Patricia Arquette and William Devane.
 Kantatar (Bengali: কাঁটাতার Barbed Wire) is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay and featuring Sreelekha Mitra Sudip Mukherjee Rudranil Ghosh. Kantatar is travelling to its sixth international film festival (Friborg in Switzerland) this March 2006.
 Hasta siempre Carlos Gardel is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Operation Stadium (Akcija stadion) is a Croatian film directed by Dušan Vukotić. It was released in 1977.
 Dashamukha (Kannada: ದಶಮುಖ) is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by Ravi srivatsa. It has an ensemble cast including V. Ravichandran Ananth Nag Devaraj Avinash Ravi Kale Chetan Kumar Akanksha and yesteryear actress Saritha. The film is inspired by the Hollywood film 12 Angry Men. The film's score is composed by Sadhu Kokila while the songs are composed by Sridhar V. Sambhram. The film's theatrical release was on 13 April 2012.
 Scorpio Nights s a film released in 1985 and is directed by renowned director Peque Gallaga. It is about a love triangle between a young man with a married woman who first got tangled because of their uncontrolled urge to make love. The release of the film became very controversial but played a key role in defining the Filipino erotic films during its decade.
 3: The Dale Earnhardt Story (sometimes referred to as The Dale Earnhardt Movie) is a 2004 television movie produced by ESPN documenting the life of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt his poor upbringing in Kannapolis North Carolina his rise to dominance in NASCAR his relationship with his father Ralph Earnhardt and Dale Earnhardt's son Dale Earnhardt Jr. and his death in the 2001 Daytona 500. It was first broadcast on December 11 2004 and was subsequently released on DVD.
 Lucky Partners is a 1940 American comedy romance drama film directed by Lewis Milestone for RKO Radio Pictures. The film is based on the 1936 Sacha Guitry story Bonne Chance and stars Ronald Colman and Ginger Rogers marking their only film together and Rogers' eleventh and final film written by Allan Scott.
 Yedyanchi Jatra is a Marathi film released in India on February 3 2012.
 Empire Records is a 1995 American coming-of-age film that follows a group of record store employees over the course of one exceptional day. The employees of this independent music store try to fight off becoming a large chain all while learning about each other. The film was directed by Allan Moyle and stars Anthony LaPaglia Robin Tunney Rory Cochrane Renée Zellweger Ethan Embry Johnny Whitworth and Liv Tyler.
 Lil Bub & Friendz is a 2013 documentary directed by Andy Capper and Juliette Eisner. It stars perma-kitten Lil Bub and her owner Mike Bridavsky and looks at cats on the Internet Internet memes and viral videos. Lil Bub & Friendz premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18 2013 and won the Tribeca Online Festival Best Feature Film.
 The Potter's Cart (French: La Voiture du Potier) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 52 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Their Purple Moment is a 1928 short comedy silent film starring Laurel and Hardy.
 The Cassandra Cat (Czech: Až přijde kocour) also released under the titles When the Cat Comes The Cat Who Wore Sunglasses and/or That Cat) is a 1963 Czechoslovakian film directed by Vojtěch Jasný. It tells the story of a mysterious traveling circus that arrives in a village accompanied by a sunglass-wearing cat named Mokol.
 Saving Jessica Lynch is a 2003 American television film that aired on NBC and featured Canadian actress Laura Regan in the title role. The film begins with the ambush of Jessica Lynch's convoy in the middle of an Iraqi city and follows a version of events that credits an Iraqi citizen Mohammed Odeh al-Rehaief with being responsible for helping to arrange a daring rescue by US special operations forces.
 Father Voss (German:Vater Voss) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Max Mack and starring Stewart Rome Mary Odette and Lotte Stein. It was one of a number of popular comedies released by UFA alongside its more prestigious art films. In common with German practice at the time two British stars were imported to add international appeal.The film's art direction was by Robert A. Dietrich.
 Trinidad is an American documentary film by Jay Hodges and PJ Raval. The film was screened at the IFP Market and IFP Rough Cuts Lab. In 2009 the film premiered on Showtime.
 Satyam Shivam Sundaram (The True The Good and The Beautiful) is an Indian film made by Raj Kapoor. Satyam means Truth Shivam can refer to either Lord Shiva or Eternal and Sundaram means Beauty.
 The Lust for Gold is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by Roy Darling.
 Nammavar நம்மவர் is a 1994 Tamil language film K. S. Sethumadhavan and starring Kamal Haasan and Gouthami in lead roles.Kamal Hassan plays a revolutionary history lecturer of a college. The movie is about how he tries to reform the downtrodden college by his initiatives and its consequences. The background score and music was composed by Mahesh. The film is inspired from Hollywood films To Sir With Love Class of 1984 and Dead Poet's Society. The film was among 1994 Deepavali releases.
 Kailan Mali ang Pagibig (When is Love Ever Wrong) is an upcoming GMA Film movie that will star Marian Rivera and Dingdong Dantes. This film will be shot in Zambales Manila and USA. The cast also includes Alessandra de Rossi Jean Garcia Gloria Romero Leo Martinez Micheal De Mesa and Gabby Concepcion. The film will start rolling on fall of 2008.
 The Stoolie is a 1974 comedy/crime thriller film directed by John G. Avildsen. It stars comedian Jackie Mason in the lead role.
 The Wound (Turkish: Yara) is a 1998 international co-production drama film written produced and directed by Yılmaz Arslan starring Yelda Reynaud as a young Turkish emigrant who is forcibly repatriated by her own family. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on February 4 2000 (2000-02-04) won awards at film festivals in Antalya and Istanbul including the Golden Orange for Best Film.
 Men of Steel is a 1932 British drama film directed by George King and starring John Stuart Benita Hume and Heather Angel. The screenplay was adapted by Edward Knoblock and Billie Bristow from a novel by Douglas Newton.
 Daag (translation: The Stain) is a 1952 Indian Hindi film produced and directed by Amiya Chakravarty. The film stars Dilip Kumar Nimmi and Lalita Pawar in lead roles. The film's music is composed by duo Shankar Jaikishan. Dilip Kumar won the first ever Filmfare Award in the Best Actor category for his performance in this film. The Awards were instituted from 1954. The film fared well at the box office and was declared a hit.
 Rock All Night is a 1957 American International Pictures (AIP) film produced and directed by Roger Corman based on a 25-minute television episode of The Jane Wyman Theatre from 1955 called Little Guy. It stars Dick Miller Russell Johnson and Abby Dalton.
 At Last Okemah! is a 2009 short film directed by Chicago-based independent filmmaker Michael Glover Smith based on an original screenplay by novelist Adam Selzer and Smith. The film had its world premiere at the Chicago International REEL Shorts Festival on Sunday September 13 2009 where it won an Audience Choice Award.
 Remodelled Beauty is a 1975 South Korean horror film.
 Certo certissimo... anzi probabile (Certain Very Certain As a Matter of Fact... Probable; English title Diary of a Telephone Operator) is a 1969 Italian film. It stars Claudia Cardinale and Catherine Spaak.
 Lonely Wives is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Russell Mack and starring Edward Everett Horton Esther Ralston and Laura La Plante.In 1959 the film entered the public domain in the USA due to the copyright claimants failure to renew the copyright registration in the 28th year after publication. It was released on DVD by Roan/Troma Entertainment in 2001.
 On the Beach is a 2000 apocalyptic television film directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Armand Assante Bryan Brown and Rachel Ward.
 Saigon Eclipse (Sài Gòn nhật thực) is a 2007 Vietnamese film. The 90-minute film directed by Othello Khanh and starring Dustin Nguyen Trương Ngọc Ánh (vi) Marjolaine Bui (fr) Johnny Tri Nguyen Như Quỳnh (actress) Daniel You Edmund Chen and Joseph Chen Tseng is based on Nguyen Du's epic poem The Story of Kieu.
 The Year of the Dog (Russian: Год собаки translit. God sobaki) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Semyon Aranovich. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.
 Wild and Wooly is a 1978 comedy/western TV movie about four turn-of-the-century women who break out of prison to foil an Irish assassin out to kill the President. It starred Charles Siebert David Doyle Elyssa Davalos Vic Morrow and Doug McClure. It was directed by Philip Leacock.
 On the Right Track is a 1981 comedy film that was the first feature film starring Gary Coleman. It was directed by Lee Philips produced by Ronald Jacobs and released to theaters by 20th Century Fox in the spring of 1981.
 The Big Guy is 1939 film.
 The Doll Maker of Kiang-Ning (German: Der Puppenmacher von Kiang-Ning) is a 1923 German silent fantasy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Werner Krauss Lia Eibenschütz and Ossip Runitsch. A doll maker in China crafts a puppet which he is convinced is lifelike. He takes it to exhibit at a public event but is outraged to find an even more convincing and beautiful doll there.
 As Time Goes By (Qu ru ku duo Gei diy chun fung) is a 1997 documentary film by the Hong Kong director Ann Hui. The film part of the Taiwan-produced series Personal Memoir of Hong Kong is both a self-portrait and a depiction of Hong Kong during the 40 years preceding the handover by the United Kingdom to China.
 What's Love Got to Do with It is a 1993 American biopic film directed by Brian Gibson loosely based on the life of Tina Turner. It stars Angela Bassett as Tina Turner and Laurence Fishburne as Ike Turner.The screenplay was adapted by Kate Lanier from the book I Tina written by Tina Turner and Kurt Loder and both Ike and Tina Turner assigned rights to Lanier for their lives to be dramatized in the film.
 Time Stood Still is a 1956 Warner Brothers Scope Gem travelogue filmed the previous year in Dinkelsbühl and presented in the wide-screen format of CinemaScope. Filmmaker André de la Varre handled a great many of that studio’s documentary shorts of the forties and fifties.It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 29th Academy Awards.
 The Perils of Pauline is a 1967 American comedy film based on the movie serial of the same name.Inspired by the Batman TV series with the same kind of florid villainy and dauntless heroics this TV pilot starred Pamela Austin best known for her appearances in Dodge commercials at the time (urging viewers to Join the Dodge Rebellion!) as Pauline with Pat Boone as her staunch protector.The pilot did not find a sponsor or a network and the three sample shows were compiled into a theatrical feature film and released by Universal Pictures. 
 Charlotte's Web is a 1973 American animated musical film produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and Sagittarius Productions and based upon the 1952 children's book of the same name by E. B. White. The film like the book is about a pig named Wilbur who befriends an intelligent spider named Charlotte who saves him from being slaughtered and was distributed to theatres by Paramount Pictures on March 1 1973.
 Destricted is a 2006/2010 British-American drama film series that explores the line where art and pornography intersect.
 Leaving Metropolis is a 2002 Canadian drama film written directed and based on the play Poor Super Man by Brad Fraser about a gay man and a married heterosexual man who fall in love. It was filmed in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The film played the international gay and lesbian film festival circuit throughout 2002 and 2003.
 A Flower of Evil (Hangul: 악의 꽃; RR: Akui ggot) is a 1961 South Korean horror film directed and produced by Lee Yong-min.
 Dead Leaves (デッド リーブス Deddo Rībusu) is a 2004 Japanese anime science fiction film produced by animation studio Production I.G. It was distributed in Japan by Shochiku in North America Canada and the U.K. by Manga Entertainment and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment. It is directed by Hiroyuki Imaishi. It is notable for its fast pace and energetic visual style.
 The Miser's Heart is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. The film was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey where early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives.
 Artie Lange's Beer League is a 2006 film written produced and starring Artie Lange. It was released in select theaters on September 15 2006 in the New Jersey New York Cleveland and Philadelphia areas. The DVD was released on January 2 2007.
 The Blue Danube is a 1928 silent film romance/drama starring Leatrice Joy. This picture was produced by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by Paul Sloane with a distribution through Pathe Exchange.A print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Agarathi (English: Dictionary) is an 2011 Tamil mystery thriller film directed by Naga Venkatesh based on the novel Iravil Oru Vaanavil by Rajesh Kumar. It stars Pratheep Pavan Archana Monica Oviya and Keerthi Chawla. The film is not yet released and postponed though movies dubbed simultaneously in Telugu version titled Vaibhogam.
 The Queen was a 2009 British drama-documentary showing Queen Elizabeth II at different points during her life. Broadcast on Channel 4 over five consecutive nights from 29 November 2009 the Queen was portrayed by a different actress in each episode. The Queen was portrayed by Emilia Fox Samantha Bond Susan Jameson Barbara Flynn and Diana Quick. Katie McGrath played Princess Margaret in the first episode and Lesley Manville played Margaret Thatcher in the third episode.
 Vanmam is an upcoming Indian Tamil film directed by Jai Krishna a former assistant of Kamal Haasan. It features Vijay Sethupathi Kreshna and Sunaina in the lead roles. Filming began in late April 2014 in Nagercoil. The film will have music scored by S. Thaman and cinematography by Balabharani. Set in Kanyakumari district the film is a rural tale about the life of two friends played by Sethupathi and Kreshna.
 Barney's Great Adventure (also known by its promotional title Barney's Great Adventure: The Movie) is a 1998 American musical adventure film based on the children's television series Barney & Friends featuring the character Barney the dinosaur. The film was written by Stephen White directed by Steve Gomer produced by Sheryl Leach and Lyrick Studios and released by Polygram Filmed Entertainment on March 27 1998 in the United States and Canada.
 Eight Days a Week is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by Michael Davis. The title is taken from the Beatles song of the same name. The film features Dishwalla's 1996 hit Counting Blue Cars.
 Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is a 1985 Australian post-apocalyptic film directed by George Miller and George Ogilvie written by Miller and Terry Hayes and starring Mel Gibson and Tina Turner. It is the third installment in the action movie Mad Max series its story taking place 15 years after that of the previous film (20 years after the original film). The original music score was composed by Maurice Jarre.
 Modern Times is a 1936 comedy film written and directed by Charlie Chaplin in which his iconic Little Tramp character struggles to survive in the modern industrialized world. The film is a comment on the desperate employment and fiscal conditions many people faced during the Great Depression conditions created in Chaplin's view by the efficiencies of modern industrialization.
 Just Another Day is a 2009 hip-hop drama film starring Wood Harris as A-Maze and Jamie Hector as Young Eastie. It premiered on BET in July 2011.
 Uncle Tom's Cabin (1927) is a silent film directed by Harry A. Pollard and released by Universal Pictures. The film is based on the novel Uncle Tom's Cabin written by Harriett Beecher Stowe and was the last silent film version. It is preserved in a copy at the Library of Congress.In this version of the film all of the major slave roles with the exception of Uncle Tom himself were portrayed by white actors.
 The Sin of a Woman is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.It is considered a lost film.
 The Ten Commandments is a 1923 American silent epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Written by Jeanie MacPherson the film is divided into two parts: a prologue recreating the biblical story of the Exodus and a modern story concerning two brothers and their respective views of the Ten Commandments. Lauded for its immense and stupendous scenes use of two-strip Technicolor and parting of the Red Sea sequence the expensive film proved to be a box-office hit upon release.
 Bombaiwali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It stars Fearless Nadia.
 La combi asesina (The Killer Combination) is a 1982 Mexican film. It was directed by Gustavo Alatriste.
 Un novio para dos hermanas (A Boyfriend for Two Sisters) is a 1966 Mexican film. It stars Pili & Mili. Sara García plays Seňora Cáceres.
 Walk on Water (original Hebrew title: ללכת על המים; English transliteration: Lalekhet Al HaMayim) is an Israeli film released in 2004. It stars Lior Ashkenazi Knut Berger and Caroline Peters. It was directed by New York-born Israeli director Eytan Fox. The screenplay was written by Gal Uchovsky. Most of the dialogue takes place in English although there is much in Hebrew and German. Its name derives in part from Jesus' walking on water.
 Macondo is a 2014 Austrian drama film directed by Sudabeh Mortezai. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Bengal Tiger is a Hindi action film made in 2001. It's a revenge drama starring Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role as a police inspector.
 The Horseman on the Roof (French: Le hussard sur le toit) is a 1995 French film directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau and starring Juliette Binoche and Olivier Martinez. Based on the 1951 French novel Le hussard sur le toit by Jean Giono the film follows the adventures of a young Italian nobleman in France raising money for the Italian revolution against Austria during a time of cholera. The Italian struggle for independence and the cholera epidemic in southern France in 1832 are historical events.
 The Cow's Kimona is a 1926 film featuring Oliver Hardy although his scenes would later be deleted.
 Circus Island (also known as Circus Camp or Island Fever) is a 2006 family film by the Landers family.The story is about Gabrielle a teenager who runs away to find her absent father.
 O Dono do Mar is a Brazilian film of 2006.
 Subway is a 1985 French comedy drama film directed by Luc Besson and starring Isabelle Adjani and Christopher Lambert. The film is classified as part of the cinema du look movement.[citation needed]
 There's Always a Thursday is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Charles Victor Jill Ireland Lloyd Lamble and Robert Raglan. Much of the film was shot at Southall Studios.
 La calle sin sol is a 1948 Spanish drama film written by Miguel Mihura and directed by Rafael Gil.
 Crazy Town is a 1932 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short film featuring the Betty Boop.
 Anak (The Child) is a critically acclaimed award-winning 2000 Filipino film directed by Rory Quintos starring Vilma Santos and Claudine Barretto with Baron Geisler. It was the Philippines' submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.The film has been restored by ABS-CBN Film Archive. The restored version premiered on ABS-CBN's movie channel Cinema One on May 22 2013.
 Last Weekend is a 2014 American comedy film starring Patricia Clarkson Zachary Booth and Joseph Cross. The film is scheduled to premiere at the San Francisco International Film Festival on May 2 2014.
 The Science of Sleep (French: La Science des rêves literally The Science of Dreams) is a 2006 surrealistic science fantasy comedy film written and directed by Michel Gondry. The film stars Gael García Bernal Charlotte Gainsbourg Miou-Miou and Alain Chabat. The film stems from a bed-time story that was written by the then-10-year-old Sam Mounier.
 Dislecksia: The Movie is a documentary film. It was created in 2009 by Captured Time Productions LLC a production company based in Litchfield Connecticut. Dislecksia is the company's seventh film. It is directed by Emmy Award-winning director Harvey Hubbell V who is a dyslexic himself.
 Galaxy of Terror is a 1981 science fiction/horror film produced by Roger Corman and directed by Bruce D. Clark. It stars Edward Albert Erin Moran Ray Walston and Taaffe O'Connell. Produced by New World Pictures and distributed by United Artists the film has gained a cult following of its own since the time of its release.
 The Heavy is a 2010 thriller film directed by Marcus Warren and stars Vinnie Jones Gary Stretch Shannyn Sossamon and Christopher Lee.
 A Very Short War is a one-hour documentary produced in 2010 by Karl Conti of Conti Bros Films. It was written by Susan Young and directed by Bill Young and Myles Conti. It was publicly and privately funded with support from Screen Australia The History Channel and NRK2.
 The Covered Wagon is a 1923 American silent Western film released by Paramount Pictures. The film was directed by James Cruze based on a novel by Emerson Hough about a group of pioneers traveling through the old West from Kansas to Oregon. J. Warren Kerrigan starred as Will Banion and Lois Wilson as Molly Wingate. On their quest they experience desert heat mountain snow hunger and Indian attack.
 American Virgin (previously Virgin on Bourbon Street) is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Clare Kilner written by Jeff Seeman and starring Rob Schneider and Bo Burnham.
 Diner is a 1982 American comedy-drama written and directed by Barry Levinson. The film is Levinson's screen directing debut and the first of Levinson's four Baltimore Films set in his hometown during the 1940s '50s and '60s: Diner (1982) Tin Men (1987) Avalon (1990) and Liberty Heights (1999).
 Brainwashed (original title Schachnovelle) is a 1960 German drama film directed by Gerd Oswald and starring Curd Jürgens Claire Bloom and Hansjörg Felmy. It is based on Stefan Zweig's novella The Royal Game.
 Displaced is a 2006 British feature film produced by Skylandian Pictures. Produced by Mark Strange and directed by Martin Holland the film took six years to make and secured a US distribution deal with Silverline Entertainment at the end of 2005.
 Make a Million is a 1935 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins.
 Break Out (Hangul: 라이터를 켜라; RR: Laiteoreul Kyeora; lit. Spark the Lighter) is a 2002 South Korean film. This is not a Korean remake of the 1975 film which starred Charles Bronson.
 Ashita wa Ashita no Kaze ga Fuku (明日は明日の風が吹く) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 Hell Baby is an American independent horror-comedy film written and directed by Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon. The film stars Rob Corddry Leslie Bibb Keegan Michael Key Riki Lindhome Paul Scheer and Rob Huebel. Writer-directors Garant and Lennon also co-star as a pair of priests.The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2013. The film is available on VOD beginning on July 25 2013 before its theatrical release on September 6 2013.
 The Mad Doctor is a 1941 thriller film starring Basil Rathbone as a physician whose wealthy wives keep dying. Ellen Drew plays his latest bride.
 Malik Ek is a Hindi spiritual film on Sai Baba of Shirdi featuring Jackie Shroff Manoj Kumar and Divya Dutta. Shroff will be playing in the title role. The film is directed by Deepak Balraj Vij and the music is scored by Anup Jalota who also plays the role of Das Ganu. The film was released on 29 October 2010.
 Kill Yourself: The Movie; the bulk of the footage on this DVD was shot during the S.O.D. promotional tour for Bigger Than The Devil in Japan and America interspersed with footage from various events such as some 1999 shots from the Dynamo Open Air in the Netherlands.
 Christmas Miracle in Caufield U.S.A. also released as The Christmas Coal Mine Miracle is a 1977 television film directed by Jud Taylor.
 Idem Paris is a 2013 documentary short film directed by David Lynch. Filmed at the eponymous Idem Paris a fine art printing studio in Paris France and virtually wordless it documents the lithographic process. The film was edited by Noriko Miyakawa and mixed by Dean Hurley.Idem Paris was shot on high definition digital video presented in black-and-white and released on YouTube.
 Smart Blonde is a 1937 American film directed by Frank McDonald. Glenda Farrell plays Torchy Blane former showgirl newspaper reporter on the police beat and girlfriend of Homicide Detective Steve McBride (Barton MacLane). This is the first of nine Torchy Blane films seven of them featuring Farrell which ran until 1939.Detective novelist Frederick Nebel's reporter Torchy Blaine was a male news-hound named Kennedy. For Warner Bros. Smart Blonde the character's name and gender were changed.
 Sang Pemimpi is a 2009 Indonesian film adapted from the popular same titled novel by Andrea Hirata. Directed by Riri Riza and starring Vikri Septiawan Ahmad Syaifullah Azwir Fitrianto and Zulfanny. The film premiered on December 17 2009 in Jakarta.
 Thunder Mountain is a 1947 film. It was the first of Holt's 29 post war Western star vehicles and the first in a series of Zane Grey adaptations he made for RKO.The film began production as To the Last Man (which had been filmed in 1923 with Richard Dix and 1933 with Randolph Scott) but the studio had trouble clearing the title because of a proposed Liberty Films project called The Last Man so they used the title of the Zane Grey novel.
 Commandos is an Italian macaroni combat war film starring Lee Van Cleef and Jack Kelly and is directed by Armando Crispino. It was released in Italy on 19 November 1968 and rated PG in the United States.
 Quick Change is a 2013 Philippine drama film directed by Eduardo Roy Jr.. The was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Mountain Justice is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Lonely Villa is a 1909 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. It was produced by the Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives.
 Death of a Scoundrel is a 1956 film starring George Sanders Yvonne De Carlo and Zsa Zsa Gabor. It was written and directed by Charles Martin.Death of a Scoundrel is a fictionalized adaptation of the life and mysterious death of Serge Rubenstein.This film and The Falcon's Brother are the only two films to feature real-life brothers George Sanders and Tom Conway. They play brothers in both films.
 Death Walks in Laredo (Italian: Tre pistole contro Cesare also known as Three Golden Boys and The Pistol the Karate and the Eye) is a 1966 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Enzo Peri and shot in Algeria.
 Blood Ties: The Life and Work of Sally Mann is a 1994 American short documentary film directed by Steven Cantor and Peter Spirer. It was premiered at the 1994 Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.The documentary looks at some of the controversy surrounding Sally Mann's book Immediate Family which contains non-sexual photographs of her pre-adolescent children in various states of dress.
 Beauty and the Beach is a 1941 American short musical film directed by Leslie M. Roush. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 14th Academy Awards for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Die Another Day (2002) is the twentieth spy film in the James Bond series and the fourth and last film to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film follows Bond as he leads a mission to North Korea during which he is betrayed and after seemingly killing a rogue North Korean colonel is captured and imprisoned. More than a year later Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange.
 Working Girl is a 1988 romantic comedy film written by Kevin Wade and directed by Mike Nichols. It tells the inspiring story of a Staten Island-raised secretary Tess McGill (Melanie Griffith) working in the mergers and acquisitions department of a Wall Street investment bank.
 Let's Go Places is a 1930 musical film made by the Fox Film Corporation.Directed by Frank R. Strayer the film uses a screenplay by William K. Wells which is based on a story by Andrew Bennison. It was choreographed by Danny Dare. The film stars Joseph Wagstaff Lola Lane Sharon Lynn Frank Richardson Walter Catlett Dixie Lee Ilka Chase and Larry Steers.According to IMDb this film is regarded as lost.[citation needed]
 Ausente (English translation and title Absent) is a 2011 Spanish-language drama film directed by Argentine director Marco Berger.
 Carrington V.C. is a 1955 legal drama released by Kingsley-International Pictures starring David Niven and Margaret Leighton. Others in the cast include Noelle Middleton Allan Cuthbertson Victor Maddern Raymond Francis Michael Bates Laurence Naismith Geoffrey Keen and Maurice Denham.It was adapted for the screen by John Hunter from the play of the same name by Campbell and Dorothy Christie.
 Oculus is a 2013 American supernatural drama horror film directed by Mike Flanagan. The movie had its world premiere on September 8 2013 at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival and received a wide theatrical release on April 11 2014. The film stars Karen Gillan as a young woman who is convinced that an antique mirror is responsible for the death and misfortune her family has suffered. The film is based upon an earlier short film by Flanagan Oculus: Chapter 3 - The Man with the Plan.
 Leif is a 1987 Swedish comedy film directed by Claes Eriksson and the first to star the members of Galenskaparna och After Shave.
 Masks and Faces is a 1917 British silent biographical film directed by Fred Paul and starring Johnston Forbes-Robertson Irene Vanbrugh and Henry S. Irving. The film depicts episodes from the life of the eighteenth-century Irish actress Peg Woffington. It is based on the 1852 novel Masks and Faces by Charles Reade.
 Castles in the Air (Italian:Castelli in aria) is a 1939 Italian comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Lilian Harvey Vittorio De Sica and Otto Treßler. It was made at Cinecittà in Rome as part of a co-production with Germany. A separate German-language version was also released. It is based on a novel by Franz Franchy.
 Af banen (aka: We Are the Champions) is a Danish independent feature film comedy from 2005 directed by Martin Hagbjer.It stars Lars Bom as unemployed soccer player Torben who becomes trainer for a local school soccer team which includes his 13-year-old son David (Niklas Ingemann). He now has a chance both to repair his damaged relationship with David and lead the team to victory.
 L'ha fatto una signora is a 1938 Italian film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Michele Abruzzo.
 Zebra in the Kitchen is a 1965 American family comedy film produced and directed by Ivan Tors. The film stars Jay North in his first leading feature film role Martin Milner Andy Devine and Joyce Meadows and tells the story of a 12-year-old boy's love and compassion for the animals he finds living at his local zoo. Originally released by MGM as a children's matinee feature the film has subsequently been released on VHS and DVD by Warner Bros.' family entertainment division.
 Ursus (also known as Mighty Ursus) is a 1961 Italian peplum film directed by Carlo Campogalliani. The film was later adapted for the American television film package The Sons of Hercules where it was retitled Ursus Son of Hercules. Filmed in Madrid in 1960 and released in several countries from 1961-1963 this movie stars bodybuilder Ed Fury as the legendary Ursus in a sword-and-sandal adventure
 Rising Damp is a 1980 comedy film based on the English situation comedy Rising Damp which aired on ITV from 1974 to 1978. The television series was in turn adapted from Eric Chappell's stage play The Banana Box. Chappell adapted the play to television and wrote the screenplay for this feature film.
 The Abductors is a 1957 crime and drama film directed by Andrew McLaglen and starring Victor McLaglen and Gavin Muir. It was produced by Regal Films.
 Chala Mussaddi... Office Office (English: Mussaddi Went... To the Office) is a 2011 Bollywood satirical film based on the television series Office Office also directed by Rajiv Mehra. Starring Pankaj Kapoor Deven Bhojani Asawari Joshi Sanjai Mishra and lots of others who also featured in the TV sitcom.
 The Ambassador is a 2011 Danish documentary film created and directed by Danish filmmaker and journalist Mads Brügger. The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival.
 The Pack is a 1977 horror film about a pack of abandoned dogs who turn against humans by killing them for food at Seal Island.
 The Soul of Broadway was a 1915 American silent crime drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Herbert Brenon. Popular vaudeville performer Valeska Suratt starred in the film which was also her silent screen debut. The Soul of Broadway is now considered lost. It is one of many silent films that were destroyed in a fire at Fox's film storage facility in Little Ferry New Jersey in July 1937.
 Hurricane at Pilgrim Hill is a 1950 American film directed by Richard L. Bare.
 Mayadari Krishnudu is a 1980 Telugu film directed by R. Thyagarajan. The star cast includes Sridhar Allu Ramalingiah K. V. Chalam Babji K. K. Sharma Sujatha Rathi Agnihotri Rama Prabha and Jayamalini.×
 Brother (Russian: Брат translit. Brat) is a 1997 Russian crime film directed by Aleksei Balabanov and starring Sergei Bodrov Jr. The sequel Brother 2 was released in 2000. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Crowd Roars is a 1932 film directed by Howard Hawks starring James Cagney and featuring Joan Blondell Ann Dvorak Eric Linden Guy Kibbee and Frank McHugh. The driver in the film's auto racing sequences was Harry Hartz a successful board track and Indianapolis 500 race professional. It was remade in 1939 as Indianapolis Speedway with Pat O'Brien in Cagney's role Ann Sheridan in Blondell's role and McHugh playing the same role he played in the original.
 Chamber of Horrors is a 1966 horror film directed by Hy Averback and starring Patrick O'Neal Cesare Danova Wilfrid Hyde-White Wayne Rogers and Laura Devon.The film was released to theatres but was originally shot as a television movie and a pilot film for a proposed series called House of Wax. Danova and Hyde-White are proprietors of a wax museum in Baltimore who along with Tun Tun aka José René Ruiz are also amateur sleuths.
 External Affairs is a Canadian television film which aired on CBC Television in 1999.An adaptation of Timothy Findley's play The Stillborn Lover the film stars Victor Garber as Henry Raymond a Canadian diplomat in Moscow who is summoned back to Ottawa for questioning by Michael Riordan (Kenneth Welsh) the Minister of External Affairs after he is implicated in the murder of a young man. The investigation reveals secrets that threaten to destroy both men's careers.
 A Long Ride from Hell in the original Italian known as Vivo per la tua morte (literally I Live For Your Death!) is a 1967 film directed by Camillo Bazzoni. It was based on the novel Judas Gun by Gordon D. Shirreffs. The film was bodybuilder Steve Reeves' final film prior to his retirement.
 Secret Valley is a 1937 American film directed by Howard Bretherton.The film is also known as Gangster's Bride and Gangster's Valley in the United Kingdom.
 The Clairvoyant (US title: The Evil Mind) is a 1934 drama film made in the UK starring Claude Rains Fay Wray and Jane Baxter directed by Maurice Elvey and based on the novel of the same name by Ernst Lothar.
 The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (1947) is a Technicolor comedy film loosely based on the short story of the same name by James Thurber. The film stars Danny Kaye as a young daydreaming proof reader (later associate editor) for a magazine publishing firm and Virginia Mayo as the girl of his dreams. The film was adapted for the screen by Ken Englund Everett Freeman and Philip Rapp and directed by Norman Z. McLeod.
 The Last Stage (Pl. Ostatni etap) was a 1947 Polish feature film directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska depicting her experiences in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II. One feature that makes the movie very unique is the fact that although all actors are Poles the ones depicting German guards speak German. This was an additional effort for the actors but adds to the authenticity and atmosphere.
 The Three Passions is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Rex Ingram and starring Alice Terry Iván Petrovich and Shayle Gardner. It was made as a quota film for Allied Artists and was based on a novel by Cosmo Hamilton. It was filmed on the French Riviera.
 Koti Takar Prem (Bengali: কোটি টাকার প্রেম; English: Million Dollars Love) is a Bengali action romance film directed by Shonur Rahaman Sohan. The film was produced by Sharif Udin Khan and features Shakib Khan Apu Biswas and Misa Shoudagor in the lead roles. and had an average run at the box office.
 We're Going to Be Rich is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Gracie Fields Victor McLaglen and Brian Donlevy. During the 1880s a top singer buys a gold mine.
 A Question of Silence (Dutch: De stilte rond Christine M.) is a 1982 Dutch drama film written and directed by Marleen Gorris. It is Gorris' debut film. It stars Edda Barends as Christine M. The plot is about three women are strangers to each other who kill a man they do not know. It was highly controversial but also highly acclaimed at the time of its release and is now hailed as a feminist classic.
 It Started in Naples is an American romantic comedy film made by Paramount Pictures and released in August 1960. It was directed by Melville Shavelson and produced by Jack Rose from a screenplay by Suso Cecchi d'Amico based on the story by Michael Pertwee and Jack Davies.
 Iron Maiden: Flight 666 is a concert documentary film featuring the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. The film follows the band on the first leg of their Somewhere Back in Time World Tour between February and March 2008.Flight 666 is co-produced by Toronto-based Banger Films Inc known for their documentaries Metal: A Headbanger's Journey Global Metal and Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage.
 Desire (Czech: Touha) is a 1958 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Les Misérables is a 1934 film adaptation of Victor Hugo's novel of the same name. It was written and directed by Raymond Bernard and stars Harry Baur as Jean Valjean and Charles Vanel as Javert.
 La Tosca is a 1909 French film directed by André Calmettes and Charles Le Bargy.
 Friendly Enemies is a 1942 American drama film starring Charles Winninger Charles Ruggles James Craig and Nancy Kelly. The film was directed by Allan Dwan adapted from a play by Aaron Hoffman and Samuel Shipman. It was nominated an Academy Award in the category Sound Recording (Jack Whitney).
 The Decks Ran Red (also called Infamy) is a 1958 M-G-M seagoing suspense drama based on the book Infamy at Sea and directed by Andrew L. Stone. The feature starred James Mason Dorothy Dandridge Broderick Crawford and Stuart Whitman.The film received generally poor reviews but received wide viewership for Dororthy Dandridge's role. Filming took place in southern California aboard the Chios Greece-registered SS Igor (originally the Philip C.
 Coral Reef Adventure is a 70mm American documentary film released in 2003 to IMAX theaters. It is narrated by actor Liam Neeson and directed by Greg MacGillivray.Embarking on a 10-month expedition through the islands of the South Pacific husband and wife underwater photography-duo Michele and Howard Hall explore the declining reefs and failing health of the world's oceans.
 Children of the Revolution is a 1996 Australian historic comedy film depicting Joseph Stalin and his son's somewhat deterministic path into The Revolution in modern day Australia.The film stars Judy Davis Geoffrey Rush Sam Neill and F. Murray Abraham as Joseph Stalin.
 Daulat is a 1982 Bollywood action film directed by Mohan Segal.The film stars Vinod Khanna Zeenat Aman and Amjad Khan in lead roles with music by R D Burman. A couple of songs became popular.
 The Raindrop (Turkish: Güle Güle) is a 2000 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Zeki Ökten which chronciles the friendship of five elderly residents of Bozcaada. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on February 4 2000 (2000-02-04) won four awards at the 37th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival including the Golden Orange for Best Film. It was described as sappy yet well narrated by author Rekin Teksoy.
 The Third Degree is a 1926 silent romance film produced and distributed by Warner Brothers and directed by Michael Curtiz in his first American film based on the hit 1909 play of the same name written by Charles Klein and starring Helen Ware.A copy of this film is held by The Library of Congress.
 Sailor Moon R: The Movie is the first of three theatrically released Sailor Moon films. Its full name in Japanese Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon R The Movie (劇場版 美少女戦士セーラームーンＲ Gekijōban Bishōjo Senshi Sērā Mūn Āru) became Sailor Moon R the Movie: The Promise of the Rose in the English-language dub. The film debuted in Japanese theaters on December 5 1993 and Pioneer Entertainment released it in the United States on February 8 2000.
 Trancers is a 1985 science fiction film. It was directed by Charles Band and stars Tim Thomerson and Helen Hunt. It is the first film in a series of six: Trancers (1985) and the direct-to-video releases; Trancers II (1991) Trancers III (1992) Trancers 4: Jack of Swords (1994) Trancers 5: Sudden Deth (1994) and Trancers 6 (2002).
 The Arab is a 1915 American silent adventure film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Edgar Selwyn had starred in the Broadway play version of the story in 1911. This film is based on that play. A print of the film survives at the Gosfilmfond film archive.
 Pommy Arrives in Australia is a 1913 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. The director's first comedy and the first purely comic feature made in Australia it is considered a lost film.
 Man A Natural Girl (Tennen shōjo Man) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike.
 Aquí y Allá (English: Here and There) is a 2012 drama film directed by Antonio Méndez Esparza. The film is about a Mexican immigrant who returns home to a small mountain village in Guerrero Mexico after years of working in the US and struggles to rebuild his family and follow his dream of starting a band: the Copa Kings. The film won the International Critics' Week Grand Prize at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam (Hindi: साहिब बीबी और ग़ुलाम; Urdu: صاحب بیبی اور غلام‎) is a 1962 Indian Hindi film produced by Guru Dutt and directed by Abrar Alvi. It is based on a Bengali novel Shaheb Bibi Golam by Bimal Mitra and is a look into the tragic fall of the haveli-dom and feudalism in Bengal during the British Raj.
 The Man Without a Face is a 1993 American drama film starring and directed by Mel Gibson in his first film as a director and actor. The film is based on Isabelle Holland's 1972 novel of the same name. Gibson's directorial debut received respectful reviews from most critics.
 I giorni contati (internationally released as His Days Are Numbered and Numbered Days) is a 1962 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri. It was awarded best film at the Mar del Plata Film Festival. It also won the Silver Ribbon for Best Original Story.
 Hurricane Hutch is a 1921 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The film is considered to be lost. The story concerns the search for a lost formula for making paper from seaweed that will save a mortgaged papermill.
 Thomasleeha or St. Thomas is a 1975 Malayalam historical drama film based on the life of St. Thomas the Apostle and his missionary work in India. It is directed and produced by P. A. Thomas.
 Mother's Boy is a 1929 American black-and-white musical film.
 Absolut Warhola is a 2001 film directed by Stanislaw Mucha about Andy Warhol's extended family whom he never met from rural Slovakia.The film follows the filmmakers as they travel through eastern Slovakia to interview Warhol's surviving relatives ethnic-Ruthenians living near the Polish border in Miková and to visit the Andy Warhol Museum of Modern Art in Medzilaborce.
 Octaman is a 1971 monster film directed by Harry Essex. It follows an expedition team that becomes the target of a murderous humanoid octopus. The film has gathered a cult following.
 Da Hip Hop Witch is a 2000 American horror/comedy film directed by Dale Resteghini. The film is a parody of The Blair Witch Project and features appearances by Eminem Ja Rule Mobb Deep Pras Rah Digga Vitamin C and Vanilla Ice.
 Fighting Tommy Riley is a 2004 American independent film that tells the story of Tommy Riley and Marty Goldberg a boxer and his trainer as they work to secure a title shot for Tommy. Their plans are complicated by the unrequited feelings Marty develops for Tommy. When a big-time promoter seeks to acquire Tommy's contract Tommy endangers his future career because of his loyalty to Marty.
 The Elephant Man is a 1980 film about Joseph Merrick (whom the script calls John Merrick) a severely deformed man in 19th century London.
 The Prince of Avenue A is a 1920 American drama film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 Amman Kovil Kizhakale (Tamil: அம்மன் கோயில் கிழக்காலே; English: East side of Goddess temple) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth Radha
 The Beautiful Risk (French: Le beau risque) is an upcoming Canadian film directed by Mark Penney. William Murphy is a divorced artist who goes to Montreal for a job opportunity upon not getting the job he descends into drug and sex addiction before being saved by a young woman named Paulette.The Beautiful Risk will be released in American cinemas and video on demand in September 2014
 A Very English Murder (Russian: Чисто английское убийство) is a 1974 Soviet teleplay directed by Samson Samsonov based on the novel An English Murder by Cyril Hare. The film has been shot on stage with multiple television cameras running simultaneously. Originally the film had been cut in two versions: a television version had three episodes a movie theater version had two one-hour episodes.
 Passione fatale is a 1950 Italian film directed by Ernesto Grassi.
 Tutu Much stylised as TuTuMUCH is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that focuses on the 9-12 year old entering class of the Royal Winnipeg Ballet's Summer School Program.It is produced by Ballet Girls Inc a co-production between Merit Motion Pictures and Vonnie VON HELMOLT Films. It is directed by Elise Swerhone.
 The Sinking of the Lusitania (1918) is a silent animated short film by American cartoonist and animator Winsor McCay. A work of propaganda it is a re-creation of the never-photographed 1915 sinking of the RMS Lusitania. At twelve minutes it has been called the longest work of animation at the time of its release.
 L'amore difficile (internationally released as Of Wayward Love and as Sex Can Be Difficult) is a 1962 Italian comedy anthology film. The film rapresents the directorial debut of the four authors that however were all experienced in other areas of the cinematographic industry (Manfredi and Bonucci as actors Lucignani and Sollima as writers).
 Due sorelle amano is a 1950 Italian romantic drama film directed by Jacopo Comin.
 Double Dealer is a 1975 Australian TV movie about an undercover drug ring. It was the first film produced by Phillip Avalon.
 Back Street is a 1941 drama film made by Universal Pictures directed by Robert Stevenson. The film stars Charles Boyer and Margaret Sullavan. It is a remake of the 1932 film of the same name also from Universal. The film follows the 1931 Fannie Hurst novel and the 1932 film version very closely in some cases reproducing the earlier film scene-for-scene.
 Apt Pupil is a 1998 American thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and starring Ian McKellen and Brad Renfro. It is based on the 1982 novella by Stephen King. In the 1980s in southern California high school student Todd Bowden (Renfro) discovers fugitive Nazi war criminal Kurt Dussander (McKellen) living in his neighborhood under the pseudonym Arthur Denker.
 The Astounding She-Monster is a 1957 science fiction horror film starring Robert Clarke and directed written and produced by Ronald V. Ashcroft. The film focuses on a scientist and a gang who have kidnapped a rich heiress and their encounter with an alien who has crashed to Earth. In the UK it was released as Mysterious Invader.
 Prem Patra is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Bimal Roy. It stars Shashi Kapoor and Sadhana Shivdasani in pivotal roles.
 Hack! is a 2007 American horror film directed and written by Matt Flynn. The film centres around a group of students who while on a field trip become victims in a snuff film and stars Danica McKellar Jay Kenneth Johnson William Forsythe Sean Kanan Juliet Landau Justin Chon Travis Schuldt Adrienne Frantz and Gabrielle Richens. The film was released in the UK on July 20 2007 before receiving a US release on December 11 2007.
 Dempsey is a 1983 TV movie based on the life of the heavyweight boxer Jack Dempsey that starred Treat Williams and Sally Kellerman
 Azhiyadha Kolangal (English: (lit.) The Enduring Patterns) is a 1979 Tamil-language coming-of-age Indian feature film directed by Balu Mahendra starring Prathap K. Pothan Shobha. Kamal Haasan played a guest role in the film.
 W.C. Fields and Me is a 1976 American biographical film directed by Arthur Hiller and starring Rod Steiger and Valerie Perrine. The screenplay by Bob Merrill is based on a memoir by Carlotta Monti mistress of legendary actor W.C. Fields for the last 14 years of his life.
 Dust (Macedonian: Прашина Prašina Prashina) is a 2001 Macedonian film starring Joseph Fiennes David Wenham Adrian Lester Anne Brochet Nikolina Kujača Vera Farmiga and Rosemary Murphy. It was directed and written by Milcho Manchevski. The music was created by Kiril Džajkovski.
 Jungle Warriors AKA The Czar of Brazil (Euer Weg führt durch die Hölle on Germany) is an action film released in USA on November 1984. The movie was shot inMexico and the old West Germany but recreated the scenario of a South American jungle. Though is not a well-known film it stars -among other recognized names- Sybil Danning (a famous American B-movie actress) Dana Elcar (McGyver’s boss on the celebrated TV series) and Paul L.
 K2 is a 1991 motion picture loosely based on the story of two friends' ascent of the second-highest mountain on Earth K2. The story is based on a play written by Patrick Meyers and presented as a senior-thesis at Stanford University. These roles were played by Michael Biehn and Matt Craven. The film was directed by Franc Roddam and written by Patrick Meyers and Scott Roberts adapting the original stage play by Meyers.
 Manos de seda (Hands of Silk) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Devil Dancer (1927) was an American silent feature film directed by Fred Niblo and produced by Samuel Goldwyn.For his work on this film The Magic Flame and Sadie Thompson cinematographer George Barnes was nominated for the first-ever Academy Award for Best Cinematography at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony in 1929.It is now considered a lost film.
 Brazdat is a 1973 Albanian drama film directed by Kristaq Dhamo and written by Dhimitër Xhuvani.
 Becket is a 1923 British drama film directed by George Ridgwell and starring Frank R. Benson A.V. Bramble and Bertram Burleigh. It is based on the play by Alfred Tennyson. It depicts the fatal disagreement between Henry II and the Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas a Becket.
 Preetam is a 1971 Bollywood romance film directed by Bhappi Sonie. The film stars Shammi Kapoor and Leena Chandavarkar.
 Batsha is a 1995 Indian Tamil action drama film starring Rajinikanth Nagma and Raghuvaran. The film was directed by Suresh Krissna and features music by Deva.Originally producer Prasad Rao had bought the remake and dubbing rights with Amitabh Bachchan but the project never took off. Now the film is being dubbed in Hindi in addition to being digitally mastered. Music director Deva who composed for the original score has recorded for the Hindi version.
 Paraíso robado is a 1952 Argentine film.
 His Double Life is a 1933 American comedy-drama film directed by Broadway theatrical impresario and first time film director Arthur Hopkins with directorial input from the experienced William C. deMille Cecil's older brother. It starred Roland Young and Lillian Gish. It had been filmed before in 1921 in the silent era as The Great Adventure with Lionel Barrymore. It is preserved at the Library of Congress Washington D.C. and available on home video from a multitude of DVD houses.
 À ton image is a 2004 French film directed by Aruna Villiers. The story based on the novel À ton image by Louise L. Lambrichs is about a couple whose desire for a child leads them onto dangerous ground.
 La Casa de Madame Lulù is a black and white 1968 Argentine comedy.
 The Cartel is a 2009 American documentary film by New Jersey-based television producer reporter and news anchor Bob Bowdon that covers the failures of public education in the United States by focusing on New Jersey which has the highest level of per-student education spending in the U.S.
 Open Season is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy film written by Steve Bencich and Ron J. Friedman and directed by Jill Culton and Roger Allers and co-directed by Anthony Stacchi. The film follows a domestic bear who teams up with a one-antlered deer and woodland animals to defeat human hunters and stars the voices of Martin Lawrence Ashton Kutcher Gary Sinise Debra Messing Billy Connolly Jon Favreau Georgia Engel Jane Krakowski Gordon Tootoosis and Patrick Warburton.
 Spangles is a 1926 silent film drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Frank O'Connor and starred Marian Nixon Pat O'Malley and Hobart Bosworth.A surviving silent film preserved at UCLA Film and Television and out on dvd.
 The Wind in the Willows is a 1987 American animated musical television film directed by Arthur Rankin Jr. and Jules Bass. It is an adaptation of The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grahame. Set in a pastoral version of England the film focuses on four anthropomorphised animal characters (Moley Ratty Mr. Toad and Mr. Badger) and contains themes of mysticism adventure morality and camaraderie.
 Bob and Larry's How to Draw! is the 23rd episode of the VeggieTales series. It is a ninety minute DVD where the artists at Big Idea Productions show viewers how to draw a dozen different characters from the VeggieTales series including Bob the Tomato Larry the Cucumber Junior Asparagus and others.
 Street Scenes also known as Street Scenes 1970 is a documentary directed by Martin Scorsese. It documents two protest rallies against the Vietnam War that took place in May 1970: the Hard Hat Riot on Wall Street in New York City and Kent State/Cambodia Incursion Protest in Washington D.C. The numerous camera operators do impromptu interviews with the protestors and the spectators. The New York protest turns violent as protestors were attacked by construction workers who supported the war.
 Impulse is a 2010 suspense thriller short film starring Chris Masterson and written and directed by Scott Beck and Bryan Woods. The film is about the last day on earth as deadly events unfold around a man (Chris Masterson) racing to his final and most significant act. The film made its debut on the closing night of the 2010 LA Shorts Fest and was later invited to the Sofia Independent Film Festival alongside The New Tenants and The Hurt Locker.
 The Last Full Measure is a 2004 short film written and directed by Alexandra Kerry daughter of U.S. Democratic Senator John Kerry. Set in 1973 during the Vietnam War it explores the emotions of a nine-year-old girl awaiting her father's return from the war. The cast includes 24 stars Xander Berkeley and Reiko Aylesworth.The title is drawn from the Gettysburg Address of President Abraham Lincoln.
 Sa Pusod ng Dagat (En. In the Navel of the Sea) is a 1998 Filipino film directed by Marilou Diaz-Abaya. Starring Jomari Yllana with Chin Chin Gutierrez and Elizabeth Oropesa it was released by GMA Films and Film Experts Inc.The film was critically acclaimed in local and international film festivals. It premiered on March 13 1998.
 Pratigya is a Bhojpuri film. The film is a social musical drama film in the Bhojpuri genre directed by Jitesh Chhotelal Dubey. It stars Dinesh Lal Yadav and Pawan Singh in lead roles along with Pakhi Hegde and Sonali Joshi.
 Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale (Chinese: 賽德克•巴萊; pinyin: Sàidékè Balái; Seediq: About this sound Seediq Bale ; literally Real Seediq or Real Men) is a 2011 Taiwanese historical drama epic film directed by Wei Te-Sheng and produced by John Woo based on the 1930 Wushe Incident in central Taiwan.The full version of the film shown in Taiwan is divided into two parts — Part 1 is called 太陽旗 (The Sun Flag) and Part 2 is called 彩虹橋 (The Rainbow Bridge) running a total of four and half hours.The film was shown in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and was selected as a contender for nomination for the 84th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film in 2011. 
 They Call Her... Cleopatra Wong (also known as Cleopatra Wong and Female Big Boss) is a 1978 film featuring the first adventure of Asian Interpol agent Cleopatra Wong starring Marrie Lee in the title role together with Franco Guerrero Dante Varonna and George Estregan. The film riding on the success of Hong Kong martial arts films of the era as well as the James Bond and superspy craze details the adventures of the first and only Singaporean female Interpol agent.
 For the metaphor see: The price of milkThe Price of Milk is a 2000 film from New Zealand. It was directed by Harry Sinclair. This film is set in rural New Zealand where a farmer Rob (Karl Urban) gets engaged to his love Lucinda (Danielle Cormack). However Lucinda is worried about their relationship losing its spark and she continues pushing him to try and keep the spark alive.
 Curtain Call is a 1998 romantic comedy directed by Peter Yates photographed by Sven Nykvist and edited by Hughes Winborne. It stars James Spader Polly Walker Michael Caine and Maggie Smith. The film was later re-released under the title It All Came True (same title as a 1940 movie with Humphrey Bogart but a totally different story). It was to be Peter Yates' last film made for cinema although in most markets it went directly to TV or home entertainment.
 When the Wind Blows is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by James W. Horne. It was the 97th Our Gang short to be released.
 Paper Boys is a 2009 American coming-of-age film directed by Bryan E. Hall MPW A teen bunch of door-to-door salesmen deal with the issues of Sean a 17 year old suffering from drug use sexual confusion and family dysfunction. This film deals comically and seriously with the timely issue of bi-curiosity.Winner of 4 Accolade Awards for Feature Film 2009 Post Production Editing and Supporting Actor and 1 Indy Award for Feature Film 2009Paper Boys - IMDB
 The Sea is a 2013 British-Irish drama film directed by Stephen Brown. It is based on the novel of the same name by John Banville who also wrote screenplay for the film. The film premiered in competition at Edinburgh International Film Festival on 23 June 2013. The film had its North American premiere at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Flowers of Reverie (Hungarian: Szirmok virágok koszorúk) is a 1984 Hungarian drama film directed by László Lugossy. It was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize.
 Il giorno prima (internationally released as Control and Mind Control) is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Montaldo and starring Burt Lancaster and Ben Gazzara. The story was written by Piero Angela and the screenplay was by Piero Angela Jeremy Hole Giuliano Montaldo and Brian Moore.
 321... Frankie Go Boom is a 2012 film directed by Jordan Roberts and stars Charlie Hunnam Chris O'Dowd Lizzy Caplan and Ron Perlman.
 One Piece: Norowareta Seiken (ONE PIECE 呪われた聖剣 Wan Pīsu Norowareta Seiken lit. One Piece: The Cursed Holy Sword) is a 2004 Japanese animated film directed by Kazuhisa Takenouchi and written by Yoshiyuki Suga. It is the fifth animated film in the One Piece series which mostly focuses on Roronoa Zoro.
 Nazis: The Occult Conspiracy is an American television documentary film about Nazi occultism. It first aired in 1998 on the Discovery Channel. The documentary was directed by Tracy Atkinson and Joan Baran narrated by Malcolm McDowell.
 Gudia is a 1997 Indian drama film directed by Gautam Ghose. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Brian Wilson: I Just Wasn't Made for These Times is a 1995 biographical musical film directed by Don Was. The film is a biography of the American rock icon Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys.
 The Student Prince is a 1954 CinemaScope color film musical featuring as the credits read the singing voice of Mario Lanza. Lanza had become embroiled in a bitter dispute with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer during production and the studio fired him. Under the terms of the settlement with Lanza MGM retained the film rights to the soundtrack that Lanza had already recorded.
 Pissoir retitled Urinal in some countries was the first feature film directed and released by John Greyson.Released in 1988 the film's central character is an unnamed man who conjures a circle of dead literary figures including Sergei Eisenstein Dorian Gray Yukio Mishima Frida Kahlo and Langston Hughes to help him formulate a response to police crackdowns on homosexual sex venues in Toronto.The film's cast includes Paul Bettis Pauline Carey Lance Eng and Olivia Rojas.
 Spanish Masala is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Lal Jose starring Dileep Kunchacko Boban Daniela Zacherl Biju Menon and Chrys Hobbs. The film was a hit at the Box office.
 The Silver Lining is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Marie Ault Patrick Aherne and Moore Marriott. Two brothers fight over a girl leading one to frame the other for robbery. Later guilt-ridden he confesses and arranges his own death.
 Mom and Dad (known as The Family Story in the United Kingdom) is a feature-length 1945 film directed by William Beaudine and largely produced by the exploitation film maker and presenter Kroger Babb. Mom and Dad is considered the most successful film within its genre of sex hygiene films.
 Naan Mahaan Alla (English: I'm Not Saint) is a Tamil film is directed by S. P. Muthuraman. The film during production was referred to as Naan Gandhi Alla. The film was a remake of Hindi film Vishwanath.
 Croupier is a 1998 film starring Clive Owen as a croupier. Directed by Mike Hodges the film was released by Image Entertainment on DVD in the USA and Alliance Atlantis in Canada. Though intended as a feature film it was shown on television in North America.
 God Bless America is a 2011 dark comedy film that combines elements of political satire with black humor. The film was written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait and stars Joel Murray and Tara Lynne Barr. God Bless America premiered on September 9 2011 at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and was released On Demand on April 6 2012 and in theaters on May 11 2012. The DVD for the film was released on 9 July 2012.
 The Man with the Carnation (Greek: Ο άνθρωπος με το γαρύφαλλο translit. O anthropos me to garyfallo) is a 1980 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tzimas dealing with the arrest trial and execution of the Greek Communist Nikos Belogiannis and his associates in 1951–1952.It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma.
 Soul Surfer is a 2011 American biopic drama film directed by Sean McNamara. It is a film adaptation of the 2004 autobiography Soul Surfer: A True Story of Faith Family and Fighting to Get Back on the Board by Bethany Hamilton about her life as a surfer after a horrific shark attack and her recovery. The film stars AnnaSophia Robb Helen Hunt Dennis Quaid and Lorraine Nicholson with Carrie Underwood Kevin Sorbo Sonya Balmores Branscombe Richmond and Craig T.
 William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet is a feature-length documentary film about a ballet by Margo Sappington called Common People which was set to the music of William Shatner and Ben Folds from their album Has Been.
 Sena is a 2003 Tamil crime film directed by Sujeeth. The film features Sathyaraj Aravind Akash and Akshara in lead roles. The film produced by P. Suneetha Anandakumar had musical score by D. Imman and was released on 12 April 2003.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1996 American animated musical comedy-drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released to theaters on June 21 1996 by Walt Disney Pictures. The 34th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series the film is based on Victor Hugo's novel of the same name.
 Snow White (1916) is an American silent romantic fantasy film directed by J. Searle Dawley based on the Winthrop Ames (using the pseudonym Jessie Graham White) Broadway play Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1912). Tha latter was adapted from the Grimm brothers 1812 fairy tale. In the film's lead roles were: Marguerite Clark and Creighton Hale. A print of the film survives in George Eastman House collections. The Walt Disney 1937 animated film is an adaptation.
 Time of the Comet (Albanian: Koha e Kometës) is a 2008 Albanian historical drama/black comedy film adapted from a novel by Ismail Kadare titled Black Year (Albanian: Viti i Mbrapshtë). The film was directed by Fatmir Koçi while Blerim Destani and Masiela Lusha starred in the leading roles. German bodybuilder and actor Ralf Möller also appeared in the film.
 The Nature of the Beast (European title: Bad Company UK title: Hatchet Man) is a 1995 horror mystery film written and directed by Victor Salva. It stars Eric Roberts and Lance Henriksen.
 The Wondrous Voyage of Kornel Esti (Hungarian: Esti Kornél csodálatos utazása) is a 1995 Hungarian drama film directed by József Pacskovszky. It was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Aiki (styled as AIKI) is a film about a martial artist in a wheelchair. The film is from Japan and was released in 2002. It is loosely based on the life of a Danish practitioner of the Roppokai branch of Daitō-ryū Aiki-jūjutsu Ole Kingston Jensen who started training in Daitō-ryū after he was handicapped in an accident and now is the highest ranking non-Japanese member of the Roppokai.
 That's It That's All is a documentary film about snowboarding written by Brain Farm Productions and directed by Curt Morgan. It is the predecessor to the The Art of Flight film released on DVD on November 14 2008.
 Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds (French: Arthur et la guerre des deux mondes also known in English as Arthur and the Invisibles 3 or simply Arthur 3 as well as Arthur and the Great Adventure for its UK re-release) is a French and American film with live action and animation co-written co-produced and directed by Luc Besson based on his novel of the same title and starring Freddie Highmore and Mia Farrow.
 Idaho was a 1925 American Western film serial directed by Robert F. Hill. The film is considered to be lost.
 Gary Cooper Who Art in Heaven (Spanish: Gary Cooper que estás en los cielos) is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Pilar Miró. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where Mercedes Sampietro won the award for Best Actress.
 Private Violence is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Cynthia Hill. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014.
 Cornbread Earl and Me is a 1975 American drama film that stars Tierre Turner as Earl Carter Laurence Fishburne as Wilford Robinson and Jamaal Wilkes as Nathaniel Cornbread Hamilton. It was directed and produced by Joseph Manduke. The film is loosely based on the novel Hog Butcher by Ronald Fair.
 The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery that is part-silent/part-sound. Made by an independent company Gotham the film starred Lionel Barrymore and Jacqueline Logan. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 House of Dark Shadows is a 1970 feature-length horror film directed by Dan Curtis based on his Dark Shadows television series. Filming took place at Lyndhurst Estate in Tarrytown New York with additional footage at nearby Sleepy Hollow Cemetery. In this film expansion vampire Barnabas Collins (Jonathan Frid) searches for a cure for vampirism so he can marry a woman who resembles his long-lost fiancée Josette (Kathryn Leigh Scott).
 The Rescue (1929) is a romantic adventure film directed by Herbert Brenon and produced by Samuel Goldwyn. The screenplay was written by Elizabeth Meehan based on the novel by Joseph Conrad. The music score is by Hugo Riesenfeld. The film stars Ronald Colman and Lili Damita.
 Mickybo and Me is a 2004 Northern Irish comedy-drama film written and directed by Terry Loane and based on the stage play Mojo Mickybo by Owen McCafferty. The film was produced by Working Title Films and released by Universal Studios.
 On Our Selection is a 1932 comedy based on the Dad and Dave stories by Steele Rudd. These had been turned into a popular play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan in 1912 which formed the basis for the screenplay. Bailey repeats his stage role as Dad Rudd. He also wrote the script with director Ken G. Hall.The movie was one of the most popular Australian films of all time.It was also known in the UK as Down on the Farm.
 Christmas Mountain: The Story of a Cowboy Angel is a 1981 western film about the true meaning of the Christmas spirit. Starring Mark Miller of Savannah Smiles and Slim Pickens in one of his final roles the film was originally produced and released in 1981. The original 16MM master was then lost for 20 years. Jack Evans a partner and financier of the original film eventually regained possession of the master.
 Ziggy's Gift is a 1982 American animated TV special short film directed by Richard Williams based on the comic strip Ziggy. It was written by Ziggy's creator Tom Wilson and Animators included Eric Goldberg and Tom Sito with music by Harry Nilsson. The film won an Emmy award.
 The Hideous Sun Demon (UK title: Blood on His Lips) (1959) was the directorial debut of Robert Clarke. Clarke wrote directed and produced The Hideous Sun Demon. In his 1996 autobiography To 'B' or Not to 'B' (co-written by Tom Weaver) Clarke revealed that he made the movie for less than $50000 including $500 for the rubberized lizard suit he wore. He shot the movie over 12 weekends to get two days' use of rental camera equipment for one day's fee.
 Days and Nights is an American independent drama film directed and written by Christian Camargo. The film is inspired by The Seagull by Anton Chekov and set in rural New England in the 1980s.As part of a special tribute in honor of the actor and activist Russell Means who died 2012 the film had a special screening at the Denver Film Festival on November 8 2013.Days and Nights showed at the 25th Anniversary Palm Springs International Film Festival at the Annenberg Theatre on January 4 2014.
 Girl Most Likely is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini. Based on a screenplay by Michelle Morgan the film stars Kristen Wiig as a playwright who stages a suicide in an attempt to win back her ex only to wind up in the custody of her gambling-addict mother played by Annette Bening.
 Delhii Heights is a 2007 Hindi film. Sivaji Productions the production banner founded by Sivaji Ganesan nearly 50 years ago with a Hindi film Amar Deep [1958] followed by Rakhi [1962] and more than 20 Tamil films is now returning to Hindi films. Delhii Heights produced by Prabhu and written-directed by Anand Kumar was launched in Delhi in May with its first shooting schedule. The second and final schedule was held in July.
 Ain't Misbehavin' is a 1955 musical film released by Universal Studios and starring Rory Calhoun Piper Laurie Jack Carson and Mamie Van Doren.
 I Am Sorry Mathe Banni Preethsona is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Prem Kumar and Karishma Tanna in the lead roles. The film is directed by Ravindra H P Das. Anoop Seelin is the music director of the film. Vinay Narkar has jointly produced the film with Ravindra. The film released on 17 June 2011.Ravindra H.P. Das got the Best Screenplay Award from Karnataka state awards for Matthe Banni Preetsona
 Sitting Ducks is a 1980 American comedy film directed by Henry Jaglom. The film follows the adventures of two small-time hoods (Zack Norman and Michael Emil Jaglom’s real-life brother) who steal a considerable amount of cash from a gambling syndicate. While fleeing by car down the U.S.
 Desmundo is a 2002 Brazilian drama film by Alain Fresnot based on the novel of the same name by Ana Miranda. The film is set in 1570 a period when orphan Portuguese girls were send to marry the settlers' sons. This was done to prevent the Portuguese from having sons with the indigenous peoples and black people in order to keep the Christian marriage and a pure heritage.
 For Marjory Stoneman Douglas's 1947 non-fiction book about the Florida Everglades see The Everglades: River of Grass River of Grass (1994) is the debut film of American director Kelly Reichardt who also wrote the screenplay.
 Madame Irma is a 2006 comedy French film directed by Didier Bourdon and Yves Fajnberge and starring Didier Bourdon and Pascal Légitimus.
 Don Quixote is an unfinished film project produced written and directed by Orson Welles. Principal photography was between 1957 and 1969; while test footage was filmed as early as 1955 second-unit photography was done as late as 1972 and Welles was working on the film on and off until his death in 1985.
 Cinco minutos de amor (Five Minutes of Love) is a 1941 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Xiu Xiu: The Sent Down Girl (Chinese: 天浴; pinyin: Tiān Yù) is a 1998 Chinese film directed by actress Joan Chen based during the 1970s in People's Republic of China during the Cultural Revolution's Down to the Countryside Movement. This drama film is the directorial debut of Chen. The film stars Li Xiaolu (Chinese: 李小璐) and Lopsang (Chinese: 洛桑群培).
 Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar (translation: He who wins is the conqueror) is a 1992 Bollywood sports drama film directed by Mansoor Khan (who earlier directed Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak). The film stars Aamir Khan Ayesha Jhulka Mamik Singh Deepak Tijori & Kulbhushan Kharbanda in the lead roles whilst Aamir's brother Faisal Khan makes a special appearance. The music was by Jatin Lalit.
 Desingu Raja (Tamil: தேசிங்கு ராஜா; English: King of Desingu) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by Ezhil starring Vimal and Bindu Madhavi. The film is a full-length comedy set in two villages which are perpetually at conflict with one another. The film has been extensively shot in Thanjavur Kumbakonam and Chennai. The film was released on August 23 2013 to mixed - positive reviews and success at the box office.
 The Premature Burial (1962) is an American International Pictures horror film directed by Roger Corman starring Ray Milland also with Hazel Court Alan Napier Heather Angel and Richard Ney screenplay by Charles Beaumont and Ray Russell based upon the 1844 short story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe. It was the third in the series of eight Poe-themed pictures known informally as the Poe Cycle directed by Corman for American International.
 The Battle of Paris (aka The Gay Lady) is a 1929 black and white American musical film.
 Issues 101 is a gay-themed independent romantic drama film released in 2002. Issues 101 played at gay and lesbian film festivals throughout 2002 and 2003. This film was the debut of pop rock singer Grammy-winner Kelly Clarkson as an actress.
 Killer McCoy is a 1947 American movie about a boxer. It is a remake of The Crowd Roars (1938).
 Thale (2012) is a Norwegian supernatural horror film directed and written by Aleksander L. Nordaas. The film was released in Norway on February 17 2012 with a following worldwide release sold to over 50 countries.
 Special Effects is a 1984 film directed by Larry Cohen. It stars Zoe Lund and Eric Bogosian.
 Return of the Lucky Stars (Alternative: Lucky Stars Triad Society) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Stanley Fung. It is the fifth film out of the Lucky Stars series.
 My Second Brother (にあんちゃん Nianchan) is a 1959 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura.
 Ladda Land (Thai: ลัดดาแลนด์) is a 2011 Thai horror film directed and co-written by Sophon Sakdaphisit. The film is based on a story about a family who moves into a new house where they gradually begin to encounter paranormal events. The film was very successful in Thailand where it was the number one film in the country on its opening week. The film later had its international premiere at the 17th Busan International Film Festival.
 The Accountant is a 2001 American short comedy film directed by Ray McKinnon. It won an Academy Award at the 74th Academy Awards in 2002 for Best Short Subject.The film tells the story of an accountant whose mathematical skills just might save the O'Dell family farm. The accountant takes the O'Dell brothers on a journey that explores the plight of America’s family farms and hidden corporate conspiracies.The film was released on video and DVD on November 3 2009.
 Signs of Life (German: Lebenszeichen) is a 1968 feature film written directed and produced by Werner Herzog. It was his first feature film and his first major commercial and critical success. The story is roughly based on the short story Der Tolle Invalide auf dem Fort Ratonneau written by Achim von Arnim.
 Savage Vengeance is a 1993 American slasher-rape and revenge film directed by Donald Farmer and the unofficial sequel to the controversial 1978 film I Spit on Your Grave starring Camille Keaton under the alias Vickie Kehl as Jennifer Hills. No scenes from the first film were used and instead new footage was used for flashbacks scenes ostensibly because of legal rights issues.
 Déclic et des claques is a 1965 Italian and French film directed by Philippe Clair.
 Another You is a 1991 American comedy film. It was the final film pairing of Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder neither of whom appeared again in a leading role in another film together or apart.Co-stars included Mercedes Ruehl Vanessa Williams and Kevin Pollak.
 The Heart of New York is a 1932 comedy film starring the vaudeville team of Smith & Dale and George Sidney. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy based on the Broadway play Mendel Inc. by David Freedman. An unsuccessful inventor finally strikes it rich but his troubles are far from over.
 Branded is a 1950 western film starring Alan Ladd Mona Freeman Charles Bickford and Robert Keith. It was adapted from the novel Montana Rides Again by Max Brand. A gunfighter on the run from the law is talked into posing as the long-lost son of a wealthy rancher.
 Guru Paarvai is a 1998 Tamil thriller film directed by Manoj Kumar who earlier directed Vandicholai Chinnarasu with Sathyaraj. The film features Prakash Raj Kushboo and Anju Aravind in lead roles. The film produced by Manoj Kumar and N. J. Mothy had musical score by Deva and was released on 15 August 1998 to positive reviews.
 Cigarette Girl is a 2009 film written and directed by Mike McCarthy and starring Cori Dials Ivy McLemore Helen Bowman and Danny Vinson. The film premiered on July 10 2009 at the Revelation Perth International Film Festival in Australia.
 La Casa de la zorra (The House of the Vixen) is a 1945 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Third Person Plural is a 1978 film directed by James Ricketson.The script was devised by the actors and director in a workshop.James Ricketson has since called the film an experiment:I just wanted to see whether it would be possible to make a film on that small budget shoot the whole thing with a hand-held camera integrate improvised dialogue with scripted dialogue work with a small core of actors on a character-based piece which is what I did and then to approach the editing of the film in an innovative way. 
 Bright Lights is a 1925 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film is based on the story A Little Bit of Broadway by Richard Connell and stars Charles Ray who achieved stardom by playing ingenious country boys.This film is deemed lost.
 Bobbikins is a 1959 British film directed by Robert Day. It stars Shirley Jones and Max Bygraves.
 Prisoners of the Sun is an upcoming film directed by Roger Christian starring John Rhys-Davies David Charvet Carmen Chaplin Emily Holmes Nick Moran Joss Ackland Michael Higgs and Gulshan Grover.
 Davy Crockett King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 live-action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett. This film is an edited compilation of the first three stories from the Disney television series Davy Crockett : Davy Crockett Indian Fighter (first broadcast December 15 1954) Davy Crockett Goes to Congress (first broadcast January 26 1955) Davy Crockett at the Alamo (first broadcast February 23 1955)This is the sixth live-action film by Walt Disney Productions.
 The Heart Specialist is a lost 1922 silent film drama directed by Frank Urson and starring Mary Miles Minter.
 The Medallion (Chinese: 飛龍再生) is a 2003 action-comedy film co-written and directed by Hong Kong filmmaker Gordon Chan and starring Jackie Chan Lee Evans Claire Forlani and Julian Sands.
 Seduced by Madness: The Diane Borchardt Story is an American television film based roughly on real-life events. It recounts the story of Jefferson Wisconsin teacher's assistant Diane Borchardt who hired teen students first to spy on her cheating husband and later to kill him. The film begins with the murder then traces in flashback the events leading up to it followed by the subsequent police investigation leading to arrests and eventual murder convictions of both Borchardt and the teens.
 'The Thomas Crown Affair' is a 1999 American heist film directed by John McTiernan. The film starring Pierce Brosnan Rene Russo and Denis Leary is a remake of the 1968 film of the same name.The film generally received positive reviews. It was a success at the box office grossing $124305181 worldwide.
 Souls in Pawn is a 1917 silent film spy-drama directed by Henry King and starring Gail Kane. It was based on a story by Jules Furthman and released by Mutual Film.
 Monella (titled Frivolous Lola in the UK) is a 1998 Italian comedy film-erotic film directed by Tinto Brass.
 Malabar Wedding is a 2008 Malayalam comedy film made in India and directed by the Rajesh-Faisal duo who are Priyadarshan's associates. The film has Indrajith and Gopika in lead roles.The film is based on a custom called Sorakalyanam which is prevalent in some parts of Malabar even now.
 A Charming Man (Czech: Roztomilý člověk) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1941.
 Rudraksham is a 1994 action Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi Annie and Devan. Written by Ranjith and directed by Shaji Kailas this action movie did not meet studio expectations and was declared a flop at the box office.
 Suddenly a Woman! (Danish: Gudrun) is a 1963 Danish drama film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Laila Andersson.
 My Geisha is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Jack Cardiff starring Yves Montand Shirley MacLaine and Edward G. Robinson and released by Paramount Pictures. The film was produced by MacLaine's then-husband Steve Parker and written by Norman Krasna based on Krasna's story of the same name.
 Sadma (Hindi: सदमा; English: Trauma) is a 1983 Indian film directed by Balu Mahendra which stars Kamal Hassan and Sridevi in the lead with music composed by Ilayaraaja. The picture tells the story of Nehalata (Sridevi) a young woman who regresses to childhood after suffering a head injury in a car crash.
 The Thief Lord is a 2006 British-German family film directed by Richard Claus. It is a joint production of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Future Films Limited Comet Film and Thema Production. The film is distributed by Warner Brothers.
 Tonight's the Night is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller Amy Veness and Charles Farrell. A man wrongly imprisoned for theft escapes from jail and tracks down the real culprit. It is also known by the alternative title Tonight's the Night: Pass It On.
 51 Birch Street is a 2005 documentary film about the universal themes of love marriage fidelity and the mystery of a suburban family directed by Doug Block.
 Just One Look (Chinese: 一碌蔗; pinyin: Yat luk che) is a 2002 Hong Kong film written and directed by Yip Kam-Hung and starring Shawn Yue Anthony Wong and Gillian Chung.
 Oonche Log (Hindi: ऊँचे लोग lit. High Society People) was a 1965 Hindi film directed by Phani Majumdar. It was based on play Major Chandrakant by noted Tamil film director-screenwriter K. Balachander. The main character roles of this film were played by Ashok Kumar Raaj Kumar and Feroz Khan.
 It All Starts Today (French: Ça commence aujourd'hui) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Two Drifters (also known as Odete) is a Portuguese feature film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues produced at the independent production company Rosa Filmes and released in 2005.
 A járvány is a Hungarian film directed by Pál Gábor. It was released in 1975.
 The Adventures of Pureza: Queen of the Riles is a 2011 Filipino comedy film starring Melai Cantiveros as Pureza. The film was produced by Sine Screen and Star Cinema. The film a had limited release on July 13 2011.
 A Town Called Panic (French: Panique au village) is a 2009 stop-motion animated film co-produced by Belgium Luxembourg and France. It was directed by Stéphane Aubier and Vincent Patar and is based on the TV series of the same name. It premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival and was the first stop-motion film to be screened at the festival.
 The Day the Earth Stopped is a 2008 direct-to-DVD science fiction film made by American studio The Asylum directed by and starring C. Thomas Howell. Its title and premise are similar to those of the 2008 film The Day the Earth Stood Still (of which The Day the Earth Stopped is a mockbuster) but the film's plot also incorporates elements from other science-fiction films involving aliens such as Independence Day and Earth vs. the Flying Saucers.
 Death at an Old Mansion (本陣殺人事件 Honjin satsujin jiken) is a 1975 Japanese horror film directed by Yoichi Takabayashi based on the mystery novel The Murder in the Honjin (1946) by Seishi Yokomizo. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
 To Grab the Ring is a 1968 Dutch film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde. It was entered into the 18th Berlin International Film Festival.
 We Too Walked on the Moon is a 2009 film.
 Throw Down (simplified Chinese: 柔道龙虎榜; traditional Chinese: 柔道龍虎榜) is a 2004 Hong Kong film directed by Johnnie To. Director To dedicated the film one of his most personal films to date to the late Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa. (cf Sanshiro Sugata) The film stars Louis Koo Aaron Kwok Cherrie Ying and Tony Leung Ka-fai. The film premiered at the 61st Venice International Film Festival.
 Code 46 is a 2003 British film directed by Michael Winterbottom with screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce. It was produced by BBC Films and Revolution Films. It is a disquieting science fiction love story with themes that explore the moral impacts of advances in biotechnology. The soundtrack was composed by David Holmes under the name Free Association.
 In Search of the Second Amendment is a documentary film on the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution. It was produced and directed by American author and attorney David T. Hardy. He argues the individual rights model of the Second Amendment. Hardy also discusses the Fourteenth Amendment.
 The Seventh Sign is a 1988 apocalyptic drama film written by Clifford and Ellen Green and directed by Carl Schultz. The title and plot reference the seven seals described in the Book of Revelation the final book of the New Testament of the Bible.
 Corky Romano is a 2001 American mafia comedy film starring former Saturday Night Live cast member Chris Kattan. Also starring are Fred Ward Vinessa Shaw Chris Penn and Peter Berg. The movie was produced by Robert Simond directed by Rob Pritts and was written by David Garrett and Jason Ward. It was filmed at Touchstone Pictures studios.
 Timor Lorosae: The Unseen Massacre (Portuguese: Timor Lorosae - O Massacre Que o Mundo não Viu) is a 2001 Brazilian documentary film directed by actress and director Lucélia Santos. The film shows the situation in East Timor a year after the ballot that decided its independence.
 A Sign Days (Aサインデイズ) is a 1989 Japanese film directed by Yōichi Sai.
 Paid in Error is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and featuring George Carney Lillian Christine Jonathan Field and Googie Withers.
 Tonny is a 1962 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller and Per Gjersøe. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The People Next Door is a CBS 1996 American crime drama television film starring Faye Dunaway Michael O'Keefe Nicollette Sheridan and Tracey Ellis. It was written by Fred Mills and directed by Tim Hunter.
 Othello is a 1952 drama film based on the Shakespearean play made by Mercury Productions Inc. and Les Films Marceau and distributed by United Artists when released in the United States in 1955. It was directed and produced by Orson Welles who also played the title role. The screenplay was adapted by Welles and an uncredited Jean Sacha. The film was shot on location in Morocco Venice Tuscany and Rome and at the Scalera Studios in Rome.
 Love Story is a 2011 Indonesian film directed by Hanny Saputra. It stars Irwansyah and Acha Septriasa
 The Miner's Curse or the Bush Wedding is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set during the Australian Gold Rush.It is considered a lost film.
 The Mafia is a Bengali action thriller film written and directed by Raj Chakraborty . The film stars Dev Jeet Koel Mallick and Subhasree Ganguly. It will feature music directed by Jeet Ganguly.
 Socks and Cakes is a 2010 American comedy/drama short film directed and written by Antonio Padovan. The film includes performances by Timothy J. Cox Kirsty Meares Jeff Moffitt Ben Prayz and Alex Vincent.
 Midnight Warning is a 1932 American film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.The film is also known as Eyes of Mystery (new American title).
 If the Huns Came to Melbourne is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by George Coates. A World War I propaganda tale it is considered a lost film. It was not widely shown and was made with a low budget.Advertising for the film stated that:Imagine if uou can the nameless horrors perpetuated on helpless Belgians in the name of German Kulture! Think for a moment on a repetition of the dreadful nightmare in Melbourne.
 Timecrimes (Spanish: Los Cronocrímenes) is a 2007 science fiction film with a time loop plot device written and directed by Nacho Vigalondo. An English-language remake of the film is planned.
 The Battle Cry of Peace is a 1915 American silent war drama film directed by Wilfred North and J. Stuart Blackton one of the founders of Vitagraph Company of America who also wrote the scenario. The film is based on the book Defenseless America by Hudson Maxim and was distributed by the conglomerate of Vitagraph-Lubin-Selig-Essanay (V-L-S-E). The film stars Charles Richman L. Rogers Lytton and James W. Morrison.Alternate titles for this film were A Call to Arms and The Battle Cry of War.
 Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost is a 2003 Bollywood movie starring Abhishek Bachchan Lara Dutta and Chunky Pandey. The film is directed by Apoorva Lakhia. The film touched on the subject of influence of television on village life.
 Der Verlorene Ball is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Jay Jay (Tamil: ஜே ஜே) is a 2003 Tamil romance film written and directed by Saran. The film features R. Madhavan Amogha and Pooja in the leading roles while Kalabhavan Mani Charle Dhamu and Malavika Avinash also play key supporting roles. Produced by V. Ravichandran of Oscar Films the film had music scored by Bharathwaj. It released in November 2003 to average reviews and collections. This plot is derived from the Hollywood film serendipity.
 Voice of my Father (Kurdish: Dengê Bavê Min is a 2012 drama film directed by Orhan Eskiköy and Zeynel Doğan. Its world premiere took place in the International Rotterdam Film Festival on 29 January 2012. A Germany France and Turkey co-production filmed in Diyarbakır and Elbistan Voice of My Father tells the story of a Kurdish-Alevi family affected by the Maraş Massacre.
 Lost Treasure is a 2003 action film starring Stephen Baldwin Nicollette Sheridan and Coby Ryan McLaughlin. It was written by Harris Done and Diane Fine and directed by Jim Wynorski. This movie is about a treasure hunt on a tropical island. The plot involves a treasure supposedly hidden by Columbus. The map that leads to it was split into two halves so that one would need both pieces to find it.
 Dedicatoria is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Chávarri. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Cargo is a 2006 thriller film. It was directed by Clive Gordon produced by Andrea Calderwood and Juan Gordon and written by Paul Laverty. The film features the actors Peter Mullan Daniel Brühl Luis Tosar Samuli Edelmann and Gary Lewis.
 The Detective Is in the Bar (探偵はBARにいる Tantei wa bar ni iru) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Hajime Hashimoto and based on a novel by Naomi Azuma.
 The Miracle of Morgan's Creek is a 1944 screwball comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges starring Eddie Bracken and Betty Hutton and featuring Diana Lynn William Demarest and Porter Hall. Brian Donlevy and Akim Tamiroff reprise their roles from Sturges' 1940 film The Great McGinty.
 City of the Rising Sun (Hangul: 태양은 없다; RR: Taeyanggeun Ebdoa) is a 1999 South Korean film about two friends Hong-ki and Do-chul in their mid twenties struggling on life in the late 1990s Korean scenario. The film stars Jung Woo-sung as Do-chul and Lee Jung-jae as Hong-ki.
 It Could Happen to You is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Nicolas Cage and Bridget Fonda. It is the story of New York City police officer (Cage) who wins the lottery and splits his winnings with a waitress (Fonda). This basic premise was inspired by a real-life incident.Isaac Hayes has a role as undercover reporter and photographer Angel Dupree while also being the film's narrator.
 Palmetto is a 1998 neo-noir film directed by Volker Schlöndorff (as Volker Schlondorff) with a screenplay by E. Max Frye. It is based on the novel Just Another Sucker by James Hadley Chase. The film stars Woody Harrelson Elisabeth Shue and Gina Gershon.
 Yaaruda Mahesh (English: Who is Mahesh) is a 2013 Tamil Adult comedy film directed by R. Madhan Kumar starring Sundeep Kishan and Dimple Chopade. It also has the likes of Jagan Srinath Livingston Uma Padmanaban Swaminathan Singamuthu and Nellai Siva supporting the lead. The film has been shot around Chennai and Kerala. The film produced by Red Studios and Colour Frames. The film's soundtrack and background score were composed by Gopi Sunder while Raana handled the cinematography.
 On Top of the World is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Redd Davis and starring Betty Fields Frank Pettingell and Leslie Bradley. A Lancashire mill worker mediates between management and labour during an industrial dispute. It had originally been intended as a vehicle for Betty's sister Gracie Fields.
 Night Train to Lisbon is a 2013 drama film directed by Bille August and starring Jeremy Irons. Based on the novel Night Train to Lisbon by Pascal Mercier and written by Greg Latter and Ulrich Herrmann the film is about a Swiss professor who saves the life of a woman and then abandons his teaching career and reserved life to embark on a thrilling intellectual adventure that takes him on a journey to the very heart of himself.
 Grahana (Kannada: ಗ್ರಹಣ) is 1981 Indian Kannada drama film directed by T. S. Nagabharana.At the 25th National Film Awards the film was awarded the Best Feature Film on National Integration and Best Screenplay (T. S. Ranga and T. S. Nagabharana).
 Poeten og Lillemor og Lotte is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Henning Moritzen.
 Brain Damage is an American comedy horror film that was released in 1988 and directed by Frank Henenlotter (Basket Case Frankenhooker).
 Kisaan (Hindi: किसान Kisān) is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Puneet Sira. which focuses on Farmers' suicides in India Its title is Hindi for farmer.
 Okraina (Russian: Окраина English: The Outskirts aka The Patriots in the US) is a 1933 Soviet film directed by Boris Barnet.
 Captive Souls (Hungarian: Rablélek) is a 1913 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Street Law also known as The Anonymous Avenger The Citizen Rebels and Vigilante II (in original Italian Il cittadino si ribella) is a 1974 poliziotteschi film. This film stars Franco Nero Barbara Bach and is directed by Enzo G. Castellari .
 Les Misérables is one of many filmed versions of the Victor Hugo novel of the same name. It was a silent film directed by Frank Lloyd co-written by Lloyd and Marc Robbins and produced by William Fox released in the United States on December 3 1917. It starred William Farnum Hardee Kirkland and George Moss.
 Five Cartridges (German: Fünf Patronenhülsen) is a 1960 East German film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck Armin Mueller-Stahl and Manfred Krug.
 Foreign Exchange is a 2008 American independent film directed by Danny Roth.
 Blueprint is a 2003 German drama film directed by Rolf Schübel. It is based on the novel written by Charlotte Kerner. The film raises the ethical issue of human cloning.
 Toys is a 1992 fantasy comedy film directed by Barry Levinson and starring Robin Williams Michael Gambon Joan Cusack Robin Wright LL Cool J and Jamie Foxx in his feature film debut.The film failed at the box office at the time of its release despite its impressive cast and lavish filmmaking. Levinson was criticized for a lack of plot focus.
 Killjoy is a 2000 slasher film directed by Craig Ross starring Ángel Vargas. Its sequel Killjoy 2: Deliverance from Evil was released in 2002. A second sequel Killjoy 3 was released in 2010 and Killjoy Goes to Hell in 2012.
 Out Cold is a 2001 American cult comedy film about a group of snowboarders in Alaska. It is the first feature film by the music video directing team The Malloys after co-directing the surfing documentary Thicker than Water (2000) with musician Jack Johnson. The film presents itself as something of a parody of 1980's ski school movies and makes a number of references to the film Casablanca.
 Mother Wore Tights is a 1947 musical film starring Betty Grable and Dan Dailey as married vaudeville performers directed by Walter Lang.This was Grable and Dailey's first film together based on a book of the same name by Miriam Young. It was the highest grossing film of Grable's career up to this time earning more than $5 million at the box office. It was also 20th Century Fox's most successful film of 1947.Alfred Newman won the Academy Award for Original Music Score.
 Women in Chains is an American television film directed in 1971 by Bernard L. Kowalski for ABC's The Movie of the Week. The leading players are Ida Lupino Belinda Montgomery Lois Nettleton and Jessica Walter.
 Gas Food Lodging is a 1992 movie directed by Allison Anders about a waitress trying to find romance while raising two daughters in a trailer-park. It stars Brooke Adams Ione Skye and Fairuza Balk. The film was adapted from the novel Don't Look and It Won't Hurt by Richard Peck.
 The Girl from Chicago (1932) is an American film produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux with an all-African American cast to include lead actor Carl Mahon. The story concerns a Federal agent who falls in love while on assignment in Mississippi.
 Girl Trouble is a 1942 comedy film made by 20th Century Fox directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring Don Ameche and Joan Bennett. It is also known as Between You and Me and Man from Brazil.
 8 Guys is a short film written and directed by American comedian Dane Cook. It was released in 2003 and was produced by Barry Katz and Brian Volk-Weiss. In addition to Cook the film features Alonzo Bodden Jay Davis John DiResta Rusty Dooley Gary Gulman Robert Kelly Kathleen Luong and Wayne Previdi.
 The Old Fashioned Way is a 1934 film produced by Paramount Pictures and starring W. C. Fields. The film was directed by William Beaudine. The script was written by Jack Cunningham based on a story by Charles Bogle (one of Fields's writing pseudonyms).
 Abbuzze! Der Badesalz-Film is a German film directed by Roland Willaert. It was released in 1996.
 Vishwavidhaata is a 1997 Hindi movie directed by Farogh Siddique starring Jackie Shroff Ayesha Jhulka Sharad Kapoor Pooja Batra Arjun and Ashish Vidyarthi. The film is shot in India and Sharjah. It is a remake of a Tamil movie Pudhiya Mugam written by Revathi and Suresh Menon. The music of the movie has been composed by A. R. Rahman.
 The Tigger Movie is a 2000 American animated musical comedy film co-written and directed by Jun Falkenstein.
 Lost and Lonely is an upcoming Chinese drama film written and directed by novelist and television screenwriter Peng Sanyuan in her directorial debut and starring Andy Lau. The film is inspired by a true abducting case in 2010 when a Hubei resident was reunited with his son who had been missing for three years when a university student recognized the child after seeing a post on Sina Weibo.
 Cornered is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by William Beaudine.
 Play Girl is a 1941 film of the romantic comedy genre starring Kay Francis as an aging gold digger who decides to pass on her skills to a young protegée and featuring James Ellison Mildred Coles Nigel Bruce Margaret Hamilton and Katherine Alexander.
 Premante Inthe is a Telugu movie starring Navdeep and Poonam Bajwa directed by Ramana BV.
 The Man I Want is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Henry Kendall Wendy Barrie and Betty Astell. A man accidentally comes across some stolen jewells. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios.
 The Duel Project was a challenge issued to Ryuhei Kitamura and Yukihiko Tsutsumi by producer Shinya Kawai during a night of drinking. The challenge was for the two directors to see who could make the best feature film with two principal actors/actresses battling in one principal location in the time span of one week. Kitamura's half was the film Aragami with Tsutsumi's being 2LDK.
 Shabd (Hindi: शब्द Urdu: شبد English: Word). 2005 Bollywood thriller drama film produced by Pritish Nandy Communications and directed by Leena Yadav. It stars Sanjay Dutt Aishwarya Rai and Zayed Khan. The film got good reviews[citation needed] but failed at the Box Office. This movie resembles the 1983 Malayalam movie Rachana directed by Mohan.
 The Good Shepherd is a 2006 spy film produced and directed by Robert De Niro and starring Matt Damon Angelina Jolie and De Niro with an extensive supporting cast. De Niro also produced it with James G. Robinson and Jane Rosenthal. Although it is a fictional film loosely based on real events it is advertised as telling the untold story of the birth of counter-intelligence in the Central Intelligence Agency.
 The Great Gabbo (1929) is an American early sound film musical drama film directed by James Cruze based on a story (The Rival Dummy) by Ben Hecht and starring Erich von Stroheim and Betty Compson.As originally released by Sono Art-World Wide Pictures the film featured sequences in Multicolor. The current prints restored by the Library of Congress and released by Kino International on DVD are only in black and white.
 Blaze Starr Goes Nudist is an American 1962 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film featured legendary burlesque queen Blaze Starr. The nude scenes were filmed at Sunny Palms Lodge in Homestead Florida.The film is also known as Blaze Starr Goes Back to Nature Blaze Starr Goes Wild Blaze Starr the Original and Busting Out.
 Boy Trouble is a 1939 American film starring Charles Ruggles Mary Boland Donald O'Connor and Billy Lee.
 Harrison's Flowers is a 2001 French film by Elie Chouraqui. It stars among others Andie MacDowell Elias Koteas Brendan Gleeson Adrien Brody Marie Trintignant Gerard Butler and David Strathairn.Universal Pictures released this film in the United States theatrically then Lionsgate released this film in the United States on DVD.For this film's United States version the film's length was reduced by about 5 minutes; it also features a new score by Cliff Eidelman.
 Late One Night is a Christian film released in 2001 by Dave Christiano. It stars Brad Heller Josh Gaffga Hugh McLean.
 Marupakkam (The Other Side) (1990) is an award-winning drama feature film directed by K.S. Sethu Madhavan. The film is in Tamil with English subtitles. It stars Sivakumar Jayabharathi and Radha. The film's music is composed by L. Vaidyanathan. It won 3 National Film Awards in 1991 including the Golden Lotus Award for Best Film. The film was featured at the International Film Festival of India in 2003 as part of a retrospective tribute to its director K.S. Sethu Madhavan.
 Love Trilogy (Chinese: 30分鐘戀要; pinyin: 30 Fen Zhong Lian Yao) is a 2004 Hong Kong-Chinese film starring Francis Ng Anita Yuen Ruby Lin Michael Chow Lu Yi and Han Xiao. It was directed by Derek Chiu. It has differing titles in China and Hong Kong. The China title is Falling in Love with Heaven & Earth (我爱天上人间 / Wo Ai Tian Shan Ren Jian)
 Job czyli ostatnia szara komórka is a 2006 Polish comedy film directed by Konrad Niewolski.The film is a set of many popular jokes and also a story of three friends - Adi Pele and Chemik who experience many adventures.
 Evil Things is a 2009 American horror film written and directed by Dominic Perez as his feature film debut.
 Kalpana (English title: Imagination) is a Hindi film featuring a dance-drama written and directed by noted dancer Uday Shankar in 1948. It is his only film. The story revolves around a young dancer’s dream of setting up a dance academy a reflection Shankar's own academy which he founded at Almora.
 Tora-san's Matchmaker (男はつらいよ 寅次郎の縁談 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajiro no Endan) is a 1993 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Keiko Matsuzaka as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Matchmaker is the forty-sixth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 The Unknown Men of San Marino (Italian: Lo Sconosciuto di San Marino) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.
 Austerlitz is a 1960 film directed by Abel Gance and starring Jean Marais Rossano Brazzi Jack Palance Claudia Cardinale Vittorio de Sica Orson Welles Leslie Caron and Elvire Popesco. Pierre Mondy portrays Napoleon in this film about his victory at the Battle of Austerlitz. Leslie Caron plays the role of his mistress Elisabeth Le Michaud d'Arçon.
 Othello is a 1922 German silent historical drama film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Emil Jannings Werner Krauss and Ica von Lenkeffy. It was based on William Shakespeare's play Othello the first of six major film productions of the work.
 Behave Yourself! is a 1951 American film directed and co-written by George Beck starring Farley Granger and Shelley Winters.
 The Eclipse: Courtship of the Sun and Moon (originally L'éclipse du soleil en pleine lune) is a French silent film made in 1907 by director Georges Méliès.
 The Restless Spirit is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Allan Dwan and featuring J. Warren Kerrigan and Pauline Bush. Lon Chaney also appeared in an uncredited role. The film was based on Thomas Gray's 1751 poem Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard. The film is now considered to be lost. A still of The Restless Spirit was discovered in the belongings of Lon Chaney's younger brother George Chaney.
 Deadly Relations is a 1993 American television film directed by Bill Condon. It stars Robert Urich Shelley Fabares and Gwyneth Paltrow. The film originally aired on ABC on May 22 1993.Deadly Relations is based on the true crime book Deadly Relations: A True Story of Murder In a Suburban Family by Carol Donahue and Shirley Hall.
 Home Movie is a 2008 horror film and is the directorial debut of actor Christopher Denham.The film received favorable reviews at Montreal’s 2008 Fantasia Film Festival. Following the final screening bids were made on the film and IFC Entertainment acquired the U.S. rights for IFC's Festival Direct Video On Demand and DVD rights Nationwide. The film stars Adrian Pasdar Cady McClain Amber Joy Williams and Austin Williams.
 Devil in the Flesh is a 1998 American film starring Rose McGowan. The film was also released under the title Dearly Devoted. It was co-scripted by Kelly Carlin-McCall but is not based on the twice-filmed Raymond Radiguet novel Le Diable au corps (The Devil in the Flesh).
 Sauda is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ramesh Modi. The film stars newcomer Vikas Bhalla Neelam and Sumeet Saigal in lead roles with Saeed Jaffery Dalip Tahil and Kiran Kumar in supporting roles. The film has been inspired from Hollywood blockbuster Indecent Proposal.
 Child's Play is a 1988 American horror film directed by Tom Holland and written by Don Mancini John Lafia and Holland. It stars Catherine Hicks Chris Sarandon Alex Vincent and Brad Dourif. The official taglines of the film are You'll wish it was only make-believe and Something's moved in with the Barclay family and so has terror.The film was released on November 9 1988 and was met with moderate success. It has since developed a cult following among fans of the horror genre.
 Spaghetti 24 x 7 is a Hindi film directed by Gaurav Pandey. It stars Mithun Chakraborty and his real life son Mimoh Chakraborty together for the first time. This is Gaurav Pandey's second film after Shukno Lanka. The film would be released on early 2013.
 Le Prix de la Liberté is a 1978 drama film directed by Jean-Pierre Dikongué Pipa.
 The Farewell (German: Abschied - Brechts letzter Sommer) is a 2000 German drama film directed by Jan Schütte. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Challenger (US title: The Challenger Disaster) is a 2013 telefilm starring William Hurt about Richard Feynman's investigation into the Challenger Space Shuttle disaster of 1986. The film is a BBC/ Science Channel/ Open University production. and it premiered on 12 May 2013 on BBC2.It is based on two books: The film follows Feynman (William Hurt) as he attempts to expose the truth in the disaster.It aired in the U.S.
 Murder Me Murder You is a made-for-TV movie starring Stacy Keach as Mickey Spillane's iconic hard-boiled private detective Mike Hammer. The movie marks the first time the fictitious gumshoe would be portrayed on the small-screen since Darren McGavin played the part in the black-and-white version of Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer a syndicated television series that aired from 1958 to 1960.
 Space Cowboys is a 2000 space drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood. It stars Eastwood Tommy Lee Jones Donald Sutherland and James Garner as four older ex-test pilots who are sent into space to repair an old Soviet satellite unaware that it is armed with nuclear missiles.
 Batsu Game 2 (×ゲーム2) is an upcoming Japanese film directed by Masafumi Yamada.
 Chen Mo and Meiting (simplified Chinese: 陈默和美婷; traditional Chinese: 陳默和美婷; pinyin: Chén Mò hé Měiting) is a 2002 Chinese romantic drama film written and directed by Liu Hao. It was Liu's directorial debut and stars Du Huanan and Wang Lingbo as the titular Chen Mo and Meiting.
 Once Upon a Time in Manila is a 1994 Filipino film.
 Hong Kong (1951) is an American feature film starring Ronald Reagan and Rhonda Fleming.
 Jeevana Mukthi (Telugu: జీవన ముక్తి) or Jeevanmukthi (Telugu: జీవన్ముక్తి) is a 1942 Telugu film produced by S. S. Vasan of Gemini Studios.
 Bad Girls Go to Hell is an American 1965 sexploitation film written produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars Gigi Darlene George La Rocque Barnard L. Sackett Harold Key and Darlene Bennett.This film marked the end of Wishman's lighthearted nudist camp series and nudie-cutie comedies (such as Nude on the Moon) and a shift toward serious stories dealing with sex and violence.
 The Lives of Mount Druitt Youth is a 2010 documentary film produced and directed by Saad Adam covering multiple subjects with intentions of living a good life in Mount Druitt inspired by Mount Druitt NSW Australia being the place where the director was raised.
 Agnes and His Brothers (German: Agnes und seine Brüder) is a 2004 film directed by Oskar Roehler.
 I Am Because We Are is a 2008 documentary film about AIDS orphans in Malawi. It was directed by Nathan Rissman and written narrated and produced by Madonna through her production company Semtex Films. The film premiered at the 7th annual Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on April 24 2008 and at the 61st annual Cannes Film Festival in Cannes France on May 21 2008. The film also headlined the 2008 Traverse City Film Festival. On December 1 2008 it premiered in the U.S.
 Reconstruction is the psychological romantic drama film and the debut of Christoffer Boe who also wrote the screenplay together with Mogens Rukov. It was filmed in Copenhagen and won the Camera D’Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 2003 Golden Plaque for Manuel Alberto Claro's luminous wide-screen cinematography.
 Little Jerusalem (French: La Petite Jérusalem) is a 2005 French drama film directed by Karin Albou. Albou's film depicts how the conflict between the rational and the irrational drives the relationships within a Jewish family living in the outskirts of Paris.
 The Red Rider (1934) is a Universal movie serial based on the story The Redhead from Sun Dog by W. C. Tuttle. It is a remake of the 1931 John Wayne movie Range Feud.
 Porcelain Horse (Spanish: Mejor No Hablar (de Ciertas Cosas)) is a 2012 Ecuadorian drama film directed by Javier Andrade. The film was selected as the Ecuadorian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
 Hitler's Madman is a 1943 World War II film about the assassination of Nazi Reinhard Heydrich and the revenge taken by the Germans. The picture was produced by Seymour Nebenzal for PRC and Angelus Pictures Inc. The shooting of Hitler's Madman took place late in 1942 and early 1943.
 Read It and Weep is a 2006 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on July 21 2006. It is based on the novel How My Private Personal Journal Became A Bestseller by Julia DeVillers. Sisters Kay and Danielle Panabaker star as Jamie Bartlett and her alter ego Isabella (Iz or Is) respectively. Both sisters have starred in previous Disney Channel movies: Kay in Life Is Ruff and Danielle in Stuck in the Suburbs.
 Men of San Quentin is a 1942 American film directed by William Beaudine.
 Leuchtfeuer is an East German film. It was released in 1954.
 Four Christmases (Four Holidays in Australia and New Zealand Anywhere But Home in the Netherlands Norway United Arab Emirates and in South Africa) is a Christmas-themed romantic comedy film about a couple visiting all four of their divorced parents' homes on Christmas Day. The film is produced by Spyglass Entertainment released by New Line Cinema on November 26 2008 the day before Thanksgiving and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
 The King of the Kongo (1929) is a Mascot film serial and was the first serial to have sound although only partial sound (Part Talking) rather than the later (and obviously now standard) All-Talking productions with complete sound.
 Stockholmsnatt (English: Stockholm Night or The King of Kungsan) is a 1987 Swedish drama film directed by Staffan Hildebrand. The film is loosely based on a true story about Paolo Roberto later a professional boxer and TV presenter. Because of his Italian roots Paolo is dealing with an identity crisis.
 The Lost Man is a 1969 American film written and directed by Robert Alan Aurthur loosely based on F.L. Green's novel Odd Man Out which was made originally into a 1947 film with James Mason.
 Kudirithe Kappu Coffee is a 2011 Telugu film directed by Ramana Salva who has worked as a cinematographer for the movie Village Lo Vinayakudu. He makes his debut as a director with this film. The duo Mahi and Shiva who also produced Village Lo Vinayakudu are jointly producing this movie under the banner of Shiva Productions and Moon Water Pictures. Varun Sandesh acts in the lead role along with the debutant actress Suma Bhattacharya in the opposite lead role.
 The Chemist is a 1936 short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.
 An Ideal Husband also known as Oscar Wilde's An Ideal Husband is a 1947 film Technicolor adaptation of the play by Oscar Wilde. It was made by London Film Productions and distributed by British Lion Films (UK) and Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (USA). It was produced and directed by Alexander Korda from a screenplay by Lajos Bíró from Wilde's play.
 Motocrossed! is a 2001 Disney Channel Original Movie about a girl named Andrea Carson who loves motocross despite the fact that her father finds her unsuited for the sport being that she is just a girl. When her twin brother Andrew breaks his leg just before a big race their father is forced to go to Europe to find a replacement rider. In the meantime Andrea secretly races in Andrew's place with her mother's help. The movie is a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
 The Mirror is a 1967 horror film directed by Qin Tao.It Was Lin Dai's Last Film
 Gekkenbriefje (Alternatively: Crazy Going) is a 1981 Dutch film directed by Olga Madsen. It is based upon the book Zorg dat je een gekkenbriefje krijgt by Ger Verrips. It was the first movie that Olga Madsen directed.
 Invasion U.S.A. is a 1985 action film made by Cannon Films starring Chuck Norris. It was directed by Joseph Zito. Both Chuck Norris and his brother Aaron were involved in the writing. It was made in The Greater Atlanta area of Georgia and Fort Pierce Florida. Miami landmarks such as Dadeland Mall and Miracle Mile can also be seen in the film.
 They Came to Cordura is a 1959 Western film co-written and directed by Robert Rossen starring Gary Cooper and Rita Hayworth and featuring Van Heflin Tab Hunter Richard Conte Michael Callan and Dick York. It was based on a 1958 novel by Glendon Swarthout.
 First Day High is a 2006 comedy film starring Geoff Eigenmann Jason Abalos Maja Salvador Gerald Anderson and Kim Chiu released under Star Cinema. The film is the movie adaptation of the Rexona First Day High TV commercial. The original actors in the commercial were also part of the cast.
 Myna (Kannada: ಮೈನಾ) is a 2013 Kannada romantic drama film written and directed by Nagashekar. Based on a real-life incident the film was produced by N. S. Rajkumar for Vajreshwari Combines. Chetan Kumar and Nithya Menon played the lead roles. Jassie Gift is the music director for the film.
 Sea Beast also known as Troglodyte is a Canadian 2009 Horror/Syfy Channel movie starring Miriam McDonald Daniel Wisler Brandon Jay McLaren and Corin Nemec. It was released to DVD on June 30 2009. It is the 16th film of the Maneater Series. It is probably a reference to the Deep Ones.
 Cavedigger is a 2013 documentary film by Jeffrey Karoff.
 A Aa E Ee (Telugu: అ ఆ ఇ ఈ) is a 2009 Telugu language film directed by Srinivasa Reddy. The film stars Srikanth Meera Jasmine and Sadha in lead roles. Krishna Bhagawan Ali Kovai Sarala Kavitha Hema etc. also play prominent roles in the film.
 Two: A Film Fable is a 1964 black-and-white short film directed by an Indian director Satyajit Ray. The film was made under the banner of Esso World Theater at the request of a non-profit American public broadcasting television PBS. It was made as part of a trilogy of short films from India. The other two films in the trilogy featured Indian Sitar player Pandit Ravi Shankar and a Ballet troupe from Mumbai then known as Bombay.
 Atlantic (1929) is a British black-and-white film directed and produced by Ewald André Dupont and starring Franklin Dyall and Madeleine Carroll. Originally two versions were made the English and German-language version Atlantik were shot simultaneously. Subsequently the production of a French version (Atlantis) began in spring 1930 using different footage and partially an altered storyline. The fourth version was released as a silent film.
 Black Market Babies is a 1945 American film directed by William Beaudine.A small-time hood teams up with an alcoholic obstetrician to set up a private maternity ward where the expectant mothers' expenses are paid by the donations of adoptive parents. The racket goes wrong when one of the pre-sold children is stillborn which means the hood has to come up with a replacement baby.
 Lady and Gent is a 1932 American drama film directed by Stephen Roberts and starring John Wayne.
 Beast of Blood is a 1971 Filipino horror film. It follows a mad scientist who creates a monster but after its head is cut off he keeps it alive in a serum he has invented.It is a sequel to The Mad Doctor of Blood Island.
 Carnera - The Walking Mountain (also known as 'Carnera - Il campione più grande) is a 2008 Italian drama film directored by Renzo Martinelli.It depicts real life events of the boxer Primo Carnera.
 Larceny Inc. is an American film. Originally released on May 2 1942 by Warner Brothers the film is a cross between the comedy and gangster genres. Directed by Lloyd Bacon the picture stars Edward G. Robinson Jane Wyman Broderick Crawford and Jack Carson and features Anthony Quinn and Edward Brophy.The film is based on the play The Night Before Christmas by S. J. Perelman.
 Robot Taekwon V (로보트 태권 V) is a South Korean animated film directed by Kim Cheong-gi and produced by Yu Hyun-mok the prominent director of such films as Obaltan (오발탄) (Aimless Bullet) (1960). It was released on July 24 1976 immediately becoming a mega-smash hit in the late 1970s and consequently inspired a string of sequels in following years. Robot Taekwon V was released in the United States in a dubbed format under the name Voltar the Invincible.
 Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel is a 2009 American live-action comedy film directed by Betty Thomas. The film stars Zachary Levi David Cross and Jason Lee with the voices of Justin Long Matthew Gray Gubler Jesse McCartney Amy Poehler Anna Faris and Christina Applegate. It was written by Jon Vitti Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger distributed by Twentieth Century Fox and produced by Fox 2000 Pictures Regency Enterprises and Bagdasarian Company.
 Palo y hueso (Stick and Bone) is a 1968 Argentine film released on 7 August 1968 directed by Nicolás Sarquís and starring Héctor da Rosa and Miguel Ligero. The film was shot entirely in Buenos Aires premiering there on August 7 1968.
 Leben zu zweit is an East German comedy film. It was released in 1968.
 Vettaikaaran (Tamil: வேட்டைக்காரன்; English: Hunter) is a 1964 Tamil film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Savitri M. N. Nambiar Nagesh M. R. Radha S. A. Ashokan and Manoramma. It was the 75th film for MGR. This film was a success in the box office and was well received by the people.
 Princezna se zlatou hvězdou (English: The Princess with the Golden Star) is a 1959 Czech family fantasy film written and directed by Martin Frič.
 La puerta y la mujer del carnicero (The Door and the Butcher's Wife) is a 1968 Mexican film. It was directed by Luis Alcoriza.
 Flying Padre is a 1951 short subject black-and-white documentary film. It is the second picture directed by Stanley Kubrick after Day of the Fight. The film is nine minutes long.
 Speed is a 1922 American action film serial directed by George B. Seitz. The story is a typically convoluted serial plot. Speed Stnsbury is heir to a large fortune. A master criminal hires someone to frame Speed for murder and bank robbery. As Speed pursues the man who can prove his innocence to South America he himself is followed by Lucy the woman he loves.
 Chaand Ke Paar Chalo' (Hindi for Go to the other side of the Moon) is an Indian Bollywood motion picture directed by Mustafa Engineer released on 2006. This was Engineer's first film.
 Paul is a 2011 British-American Comic science fiction road film directed by Greg Mottola and written by and starring Simon Pegg Nick Frost with Seth Rogen as the voice of the title character. The film is about two British science fiction fans who meet an ET-like alien who has a sarcastic manner and a penchant for alcohol and cigarettes.
 Cash and Carry is the 25th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 It's the Rage is a 1999 film version of Keith Reddin's play The Alarmist about three interconnected stories and how handguns affect each of the nine people involved. The film is James D. Stern's first time directing a feature and boasts an all-star cast.
 Murder Most Foul is the third of four Miss Marple films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Loosely based on the novel Mrs McGinty's Dead by Agatha Christie it stars Margaret Rutherford as Miss Jane Marple Bud Tingwell as Inspector Craddock and Stringer Davis (Rutherford's real-life husband) as Mr Stringer. The story is ostensibly based on the original Christie story but notably changes the action and characters.
 Stolen Summer is a 2002 drama film about a Catholic boy who befriends a terminally ill Jewish boy and tries to convert him believing that it is the only way the Jewish boy will get to Heaven. Directed by first time writer/director Pete Jones Stolen Summer is the first film produced for Project Greenlight an independent film competition created by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon and sponsored by HBO.
 Story of a Prostitute (春婦伝 Shunpuden) is a 1965 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki. It is based on a story by Taijiro Tamura who like Suzuki had served as a soldier in the war.
 Kappalottiya Thamizhan (English: The Tamilian who launched a Ship) is a 1961 Indian Tamil patriotic film directed by B. R. Panthulu. The film features Sivaji Ganesan and Gemini Ganesan in the lead roles while S. V. Subbaiah T. K. Shanmugham S. V. Ranga Rao Savitri and S. A. Ashokan appear in supporting roles. The film is based on the biography of V.O.Chidambaram Pillai written by Ma. Po. Si.(M.P.Sivagnanam). V. O.
 The Christmas Card is a Hallmark Channel original movie produced by RHI Entertainment. It was released December 2 2006 and was written by Joany Kane and directed by Stephen Bridgewater. The movie was filmed on location in Nevada City California.
 The Night We Got the Bird is a 1961 British comedy film and a follow up to the 1959 film using the same title name The Night We Dropped a Clanger it was directed by Darcy Conyers and starring Brian Rix Dora Bryan Ronald Shiner and Irene Handl. It is based on Basil Thomas' play The Love Birds and was the last film Ronald Shiner made.
 Restraining Order is a 1999 film directed by Lee H. Katzin. It stars Eric Roberts and Hannes Jaenicke.
 In the Name of the People is a 1985 documentary film directed by Frank Christopher about the Salvadoran Civil War. The film follows four filmmakers who secretly entered El Salvador marched with guerrillas across the country and followed them into combat against government forces in San Salvador. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Chaque jour a son secret (English: Every Day Has Its Secret) is a French thriller film from 1958 directed by Claude Boissol written by Paul Andréota starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of Maria Luisa Linarès.
 The Intruder (Thai: เขี้ยวอาฆาต; Kew ar-khard) is a 2010 Thai horror film directed by Thanadol Nualsuth and Thammanoon Sakulboonthanom. Based on a story by filmmaker Poj Arnon the plot involves an apartment complex in Thailand being overrun by vicious cobras.The Intruder was the second highest grossing film in Thailand in its opening week being only beaten by Iron Man 2. It received its North American premiere at the Festival du Nouveau Cinéma.
 Love/Juice is a 2000 Japanese film directed by Kaze Shindō. This is a debut feature film for Shindō one of the few Japanese women directors.
 West Side Story is a 1961 American musical film directed by Robert Wise and Jerome Robbins. The film is an adaptation of the 1957 Broadway musical of the same name which in turn was inspired by William Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. It stars Natalie Wood Richard Beymer Russ Tamblyn Rita Moreno and George Chakiris and was photographed by Daniel L. Fapp A.S.C. in Super Panavision 70.The film was released on October 18 1961 through United Artists.
 Helen's Babies is a 1924 silent comedy film directed by William A. Seiter based on the 1876 novel of the same name by John Habberton.
 I'll Sleep When I'm Dead is a 2003 British crime film directed by Mike Hodges from a screenplay by Philip Korf. The film bears many striking similarities to Hodges' directorial debut the classic 1971 crime drama Get Carter. Both films feature men who return to their former hometowns to investigate the death of a brother who has died under mysterious circumstances.
 Remember Me This Way is a title of a 1974 motion picture documentary about the British glam rock star Gary Glitter.Filmed the previous year the documentary follows Glitter through a routine of press conferences radio interviews photo shoots concert rehearsals and so forth. It also includes Glitter's audition to star in an unproduced feature film.The picture also documents the people working behind the scenes of Glitter's career.
 Buddha's Lost Children is a 2006 documentary film by Dutch director Mark Verkerk. The feature film tells the story of Khru Bah Neua Chai Kositto a Buddhist monk who has dedicated his life to orphaned children in the Golden Triangle area of Thailand. The film opened in Dutch cinemas in September 2006.
 Storm over Wyoming is a 1950 Western film.
 Kabhi Andhera Kabhi Ujala is a 1958 Indian Hindi-language film directed by C. P. Dixit.It is a Bollywood film from the golden age of the film industry produced By Mehtab Films Pvt Mumbai in 1958 a film company owned by Ajit Singh.
 Spit-Ball Sadie is a 1915 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. It was Lloyd's first appearance as his Lonesome Luke character.
 Summer Scars is a British feature film produced and directed by Julian Richards in 2007 and is based on a hostage situation that Richards experienced during his childhood.The cast includes Kevin Howarth Ciaran Joyce Amy Harvey Darren Evans Jonathan Jones Chris Conway Ryan Conway and Chole Parfitt.
 Clockwise is a 1986 British comedy film starring John Cleese directed by Christopher Morahan written by Michael Frayn and produced by Michael Codron. The film's music was composed by George Fenton.For his performance Cleese won the 1987 Peter Sellers Award For Comedy at the Evening Standard British Film Awards. Most urban scenes were shot in the West Midlands and Yorkshire/Lincolnshire while rural scenes were largely shot in Shropshire.
 Gossip is a 2000 American teen drama film directed by Davis Guggenheim and featuring an ensemble cast including James Marsden Lena Headey Norman Reedus and Kate Hudson.
 Big Animal (Polish: Duże zwierzę) is a 2000 Polish film directed by Jerzy Stuhr from a screenplay by Krzysztof Kieslowski based on a short story by Kazimierz Orłoś.
 The Reckless Hour is a 1931 Pre-code film directed by John Francis Dillon and produced and distributed by First National Pictures.Preserved at the Library of Congress.Released on Warner Archive dvd with another Mackaill film Bright Lights.
 Neurosia: 50 Years of Perversity (German: Neurosia - 50 Jahre pervers ) is a 1992 German film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film is a mockumentary an autobiography of Rosa von Praunheim framed as murder mystery in which the director is the victim.
 The Final Impulse is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts starring Winifred Greenwood Ed Coxen George Field and Charlotte Burton.
 Kids World is a 2001 family film. The movie was directed by Dale G. Bradley. The movie was a box office failure and faded into obscurity relatively early in its life.
 Genova (released in the US as A Summer in Genoa) is a film directed by Michael Winterbottom and starring Colin Firth Catherine Keener and Hope Davis. It was filmed in the titular city of Genoa (Genova in Italian) during the summer of 2007. It was written by Wonderland screenwriter Laurence Coriat. It premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and won the best director's award in the San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 The Ex is a 1997 thriller film directed by Mark L. Lester and based on the novel by John Lutz.
 Looking for Mr. Goodbar is a 1977 American erotic drama film written for the screen and directed by Richard Brooks starring Diane Keaton Tuesday Weld and Richard Gere and featuring Richard Kiley and Tom Berenger. The film is based on Judith Rossner's novel of the same name which was in turn based on the real-life murder of New York City schoolteacher Roseann Quinn.
 The Blood Ship is a 1927 silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz. The seventh and final reel of the film is missing.
 Nobody Nobody But... Juan is a Philippine comedy film released on December 25 2009 as an entry to the 2009 Metro Manila Film Festival. The title is a take on the Wonder Girls song Nobody.
 Thiruttu Payale (Tamil: திருட்டு பயலே; English: Yo the Thief) is a (2006) Tamil romantic thriller directed by Susi Ganesan. As like other Susi Ganesan films it is a real life experience based entertainer/thriller. The movie stars Kaakha Kaakha fame Jeevan Sonia Agarwal Abbas Malavika Vivek Manoj K Jayan and Charlie. The film's music is composed by music director Bharadwaj. The film is being remade in Hindi as Shortcut Romeo.
 The Vagabond King is a 1956 musical film adaptation of the 1925 operetta The Vagabond King by Rudolf Friml. It starred Kathryn Grayson and Oreste Kirkop with early roles for Rita Moreno and Leslie Nielsen. Sir Cedric Hardwicke played a notable supporting role. It was Kathryn Grayson's and Walter Hampden's last movie. Hampden who played King Louis XI died more than a year before its release. Mary Grant designed the film's costumes.
 Yaji and Kita: Yasuda's Rescue (弥次喜多 尊王の巻 Yajikita sonnō maki) is a 1927 black and white Japanese silent film directed by Tomiyasu Ikeda. This comedy film showcases the comic talent of Denjiro Okochi which contrasts markedly with his heroic performance in Oatsurae Jirokichi Koshi. The humorous exchanges with Goro Kawabe his senior at Nikkatsu can be priceless with the expressions and movements of the two goofy characters making for pure hilarious slapstick comedy.
 Making Auntie Welcome is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Unnaipol Oruvan is a 1965 film written and directed by D. Jayakanthan based on a novel of the same name by Jayakanthan himself. The film won the Third Best Feature Film at the 12th National Film Awards in 1965. The film had no songs with the background score composed by Chitti Babu.
 La sangre manda (The Call of the Blood) is a 1933 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Phantom of the Opera is a 2004 British film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical of the same name which in turn is based on the French novel Le Fantôme de l'Opéra by Gaston Leroux.Directed by Joel Schumacher the film was also produced and co-written by Lloyd Webber.
 Prince of Tears (Chinese: 淚王子; pinyin: Lei wangzi) is a 2009 Taiwanese historical drama film by Yonfan. It was nominated for the Golden Lion at the 66th Venice International Film Festival.
 Talhotblond is a 2009 documentary detailing an Internet love triangle which resulted in a real life homicide in a case called the Internet Chatroom Murder. Thomas Montgomery (screen name: marinesniper) a 47-year-old married man pleaded guilty to murdering his co-worker 22-year-old Brian Barrett (screen name: beefcake). The two men were involved in a love triangle with Jessie an 18 year old girl with the screen name 'talhotblond'.
 East Lynne is a 1931 film version of Ellen Wood's eponymous 1861 novel which was adapted by Tom Barry and Bradley King and directed by Frank Lloyd. The film is a melodrama starring Ann Harding Clive Brook Conrad Nagel and Cecilia Loftus. Only one copy of the film is known to exist although somehow bootleg DVD copies exist minus the final scene. This print is in good shape although several frames have an X on them indicating they were to be removed in the film editing stage.
 The International (Turkish: Beynelmilel) is a 2006 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Muharrem Gülmez and Sırrı Süreyya Önder about a group of local musicians preparing to play at a large military parade in a small town near Adana Turkey. The film which went on general release across Turkey on December 29 2006 (2006-12-29) won awards at film festivals in Adana Ankara Istanbul and Thessalonika. It was also entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Sex Drugs Rock & Roll is a 1991 American film directed by John McNaughton.
 Lovers of the Arctic Circle (Spanish: Los amantes del círculo polar) sometimes called The Lovers from the North Pole is a 1998 film by the Spanish director Julio Médem starring Najwa Nimri and Fele Martínez.
 Outlaws of Boulder Pass is a 1942 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Taking Care of Business is a film comedy made in 1990 starring James Belushi and Charles Grodin. It was directed by Arthur Hiller.The film was released in the UK under the title Filofax.
 Year of the Gun is a 1991 American thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer and starred Andrew McCarthy Sharon Stone and Valeria Golino.
 Sugar Cookies (also known as Love Me My Way) is a 1973 soft-core crime film directed by Theodore Gershuny.
 Nostradamus is a 1994 biographical film about Nostradamus directed by Roger Christian.
 Pacific Heights is a 1990 thriller film directed by John Schlesinger written by Daniel Pyne and starring Melanie Griffith Matthew Modine and Michael Keaton. Griffith's real-life mother Tippi Hedren has a cameo as a rich older woman who is conned by Keaton's character. The original music score was composed by Hans Zimmer. The film's tagline is: It seemed like the perfect house. He seemed like the perfect tenant. Until they asked him to leave.
 Shadow of the Thin Man is the fourth of the six The Thin Man films. It was released in 1941 and was directed by W. S. Van Dyke. It stars William Powell and Myrna Loy as Nick and Nora Charles. Also in this film their son Nick Jr. (Dickie Hall) is old enough to figure in the comic subplot. Other cast members include Donna Reed and Barry Nelson. This was one of three films in which Stella Adler appeared.
 Uncle Meat is a film written and directed by Frank Zappa released directly to video in 1987. Principal photography having never been completed the videocassette is actually a making of documentary showing rehearsals and background footage from 1968 and interviews with people involved with the uncompleted production. To this day the video has not yet been released on DVD.
 The Welcome Burglar is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Contempt (French: Le Mépris) is a 1963 film directed by Jean-Luc Godard based on the Italian novel by Alberto Moravia. It stars Brigitte Bardot.
 Resurrection of Eve is a 1973 American feature-length pornographic film produced by the Mitchell brothers and starring Marilyn Chambers who had become a start in the Mitchell Brothers's previous picture Behind the Green Door. Resurrection of Eve was directed and written by Jon Fontana and Artie Mitchell. Though less successful commercially and critically than Behind the Green Door it is considered one of the films of The Golden Age of Porn.
 Tenaliraman (previously titled Jagajala Pujabala Tenaliraman) is a 2014 Tamil historical fiction political satire comedy film directed by Yuvaraj Dhayalan of Potta Potti fame. Vadivelu stars in this film in dual roles. Meenakshi Dixit plays the heroine in the film.
 Sepideh – Reaching for the Stars is a 2013 Danish-Irani documentary film written and directed by Talal Derki. The film premiered in-competition at the 2013 International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam on November 24 2013.The film later premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Documentary Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 17 2014.After it's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival the film become available in United States and Canada by iTunes.
 Smilin' Through is a 1941 MGM musical film based on the 1919 play of the same name by Jane Cowl and Jane Murfin.The film was a remake of a previous 1932 version by MGM and was the third and final film version of the play. It starred Jeanette MacDonald Brian Aherne Gene Raymond and Ian Hunter. It was filmed in Technicolor and was remade as a musical for MacDonald with several older songs interpolated into the story.
 I Am Ichihashi: Journal of a Murderer (I am ICHIHASHI逮捕されるまで I am Ichihashi Taiho Sareru made) is an upcoming 2013 Japanese film directed by and starring Dean Fujioka in the title role. The film is scheduled to be released in Japan on 9 November 2013. Based on the book Until I was Arrested by Tetsuya Ichihashi the film portrays the two and a half years in which Ichihashi remained on the run following the murder of Lindsay Hawker in March 2007 until his arrest in November 2009.
 The Last Ferry (Polish: Ostatni prom) is a 1989 Polish drama film directed by Waldemar Krzystek. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Arakawa Under the Bridge ( 荒川アンダー ザ ブリッジ  Arakawa andā za burijji) is a 2012 Japanese film. It is based on a manga of the same name and it is directed by the director Iizuka Ken. The film stars Kento Hayashi Mirei Kiritani and released in Japanese cinemas on February 4 2012.
 From the Clouds to the Resistance (Italian Dalla nube alla resistenza) is a 1979 Italian drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 A Man About Town is a 1923 American silent film starring Stan Laurel.
 Maniac Cop 2 is a 1990 American action horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen. It is the sequel to Maniac Cop (1988) and stars Robert Davi Claudia Christian Michael Lerner and Bruce Campbell.
 Law Men is a 1944 American film directed by Lambert Hillyer. Released by Monogram Pictures it is one of the Western film series featuring Nevada Jack McKenzie and Sandy Hopkins.The film is also known as Lawmen (American alternative spelling).
 The Living Christ Series is a 12-part drama series about the life of Jesus Christ. In some ways it was a version of the typical Hollywood serial film. Each episode was thirty minutes long bringing the total running time of the series to what might have been considered an epic six hours long if the films had been shown consecutively. Filmed in color in 1951 it is notable for being one of the few American film series of that time in which Christ's face was actually shown.
 The Lady Vanishes is a 1938 British comic thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Margaret Lockwood Michael Redgrave Paul Lukas and Dame May Whitty. Written by Sidney Gilliat and Frank Launder based on the 1936 novel The Wheel Spins by Ethel Lina White the film is about a beautiful English tourist travelling by train in Europe who discovers that her elderly travelling companion seems to have disappeared from the train.
 The Element of Crime is the first feature film directed by Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier. The film released in 1984 is also the first in the director's Europa trilogy. The other two films in the trilogy are Epidemic (1987) and Europa (1991).
 The Empress Wu Tse-Tien (simplified Chinese: 武则天; traditional Chinese: 武則天; pinyin: Wǔ Zétiān) is a 1939 Chinese historical film based on the life of Wu Zetian the only female emperor in Chinese history. Directed by Fang Peilin the film starred Gu Lanjun as the titular character.
 De Vriendschap is a 2000 Dutch film directed by .
 Once is a 2007 Irish musical film written and directed by John Carney. Set in Dublin Ireland the naturalistic drama stars musicians Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová. Collaborators prior to making the film performing under the stage moniker The Swell Season Hansard and Irglová composed and performed all of the original songs in the film.Shot for only €130000 (US$160000) the film was successful earning substantial per-screen box office averages in the United States.
 Lapun Chapun is a Marathi movie released on 21 October 2006. The movie is produced by Satish Kulkarni and directed by Kumar Sohni. The movie is a comedy drama that revolves around an eloped couple who are wanted by different investigators but land up in the police station themselves.
 Charlie the Unicorn is a Flash animated short film and viral video directed produced animated and written by Jason Steele of independent film company FilmCow. The film follows the life of Charlie a lethargic unicorn and two other unicorns who bring him on an allegedly magical adventure to the mythical Candy Mountain.The film was envisioned by independent animator Jason Steele of production company FilmCow.
 Attack! Battle of New Britain was a documentary/propaganda film produced by the US military in 1944. It detailed as its name implies the New Britain campaign which was part of the New Guinea and Solomon Islands Campaigns during World War II.The film follows a rather standard format: it is a chronological narrative of the campaign from the arrival of the soldiers in New Guinea to their capture of most of the island.
 The Year My Parents Went on Vacation (Portuguese: O Ano em Que Meus Pais Saíram de Férias) is a 2006 Brazilian drama film directed by Cao Hamburger. The screenplay which took four years to be completed was written by Hamburger Adriana Falcão Claudio Galperin Anna Muylaert and Bráulio Mantovani.It was submitted by the Ministry of Culture for the 2007 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Bombay Priyudu is a 1996 musical Telugu Romance film starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Brahmanandam in prominent roles.
 The Super Fight was a fictional 1970 boxing match between Rocky Marciano and Muhammad Ali. At the time Ali and Marciano were the only undefeated heavyweight champions in history and fans often debated who would win had they met in their primes. Ali and Marciano were filmed acting out every possible scenario in a fight and the result was then determined using probability formulas entered into a computer.
 A Gentleman at Heart is a 1942 romantic comedy film starring Cesar Romero Carole Landis and Milton Berle. A bookie acquires an interest in an art gallery.
 Face to Face (1952) is an anthology film adapted from the stories The Secret Sharer by Joseph Conrad and The Bride Comes to Yellow Sky by Stephen Crane. The film was produced by A&P heir Huntington Hartford and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Hum Hindustani (Translation We the Indians ) is a 1960 Hindi movie produced by S Mukherjee and directed by Ram Mukherjee. The film stars Sunil Dutt Joy Mukherjee Asha Parekh Jagirdar Helen Leela Chitnis Agha Prem Chopra and Sanjeev Kumar in his debut. The film is a remake of Basu Parivar (1952).The films music is by Usha Khanna.
 Ceremony is a 2010 American film directed by Max Winkler in his feature film directorial debut. The film stars Michael Angarano Uma Thurman Lee Pace Rebecca Mader and Reece Thompson. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2010. The film was released on VOD on March 4 2011 and opened in theaters April 8 2011.
 The Stud is a 1978 film starring Joan Collins and Oliver Tobias. It was based on the novel by Jackie Collins.
 Wibbel the Tailor (German:Schneider Wibbel) is a 1920 German silent comedy film directed by Manfred Noa and starring Hermann Picha Margarete Kupfer and Meinhart Maur. It is an adaptation of the 1913 play Wibbel the Tailor by Hans Müller-Schlösser. It was made by Eiko Film in Berlin. The film's art direction is by Karl Machus.
 Pretty Woman is a 1990 American romantic comedy film set in Los Angeles. Written by J. F. Lawton and directed by Garry Marshall the film stars Richard Gere and Julia Roberts and features Hector Elizondo Ralph Bellamy (in his final performance) and Jason Alexander in supporting roles.
 Pak! Pak! My Dr. Kwak! is a 2011 Filipino comedy film starring Vic Sotto and Bea Alonzo and produced by OctoArts Films M-Zet Films and APT Entertainment and released by Star Cinema.It is Vic Sotto's comeback to Star Cinema after 14 years.
 Bolívar Soy Yo is a 2002 film detailing the story of an actor who is known for his interpretation of El Libertador Simón Bolívar. The excitement of the role and the admiration of the public are so strong that reality and fiction begin to mix. Finally reaching the limits of stage-acting the actor himself believes that he is Bolívar.
 Growing Pains is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 77th Our Gang short that was released and is considered to be lost. It was the final film appearance of Jackie Condon.
 13 Eerie is a 2013 Canadian horror film directed by Lowell Dean making his feature film debut. It is also produced by Don Carmody Kevin DeWalt Mark Montague and David Cormican and written by Christian Piers Betley. The film stars Katharine Isabelle Michael Shanks Brendan Fehr Brendan Fletcher Nick Moran and Jesse Moss.
 Luke the Chauffeur is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Confessions of a Sexist Pig is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy starring Edward Kerr and Traylor Howard. It was directed and written by Sandy Tung. It won Best Feature Film at the New Orleans International Film Festival and the Werner Fassbinder Award at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film Festival.
 Finding Faith in Christ (2003) is a 29-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It depicts the ministry of Jesus Christ showing some of his miracles and teachings as flashbacks told by a believer to a skeptic and his family. It was widely distributed in the April 2003 Ensign.
 Casbah (1948) is a musical film directed by John Berry starring Yvonne DeCarlo and Tony Martin and released by Universal Studios.
 Ride Me is a 1994 romantic comedy directed by Bashir Shbib. The film is set in Las Vegas.
 Moments (French: Moments de la vie d'une femme Hebrew: רגעים‎ translit. Rega'im) is a 1979 French-Israeli drama film written directed by and starring Michal Bat-Adam. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It also competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 The German Friend is an Argentine 2012 film directed by Jeanine Meerapfel and starring Argentine actress Celeste Cid and German actor Max Riemelt. The film premiered on September 18 2012 at the Argentine GFF (German Film Festival) in Buenos Aires. It tells the story of Sulamit daughter of Jewish German immigrants and Friedrich son of Nazi German immigrants; they meet when teenagers in the Buenos Aires of the 50s.
 The Squatter's Daughter is a 1933 Australian melodrama starring Jocelyn Howarth directed by Ken G. Hall. One of the most popular Australian movies of the 1930s it is based on a 1907 play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan which had been previously filmed in 1910.
 Bix is a 1991 Italian drama film about the final years of cornet player Bix Beiderbecke. It was directed by Pupi Avati and was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Moving McAllister is a 2007 American comedy film starring Mila Kunis Jon Heder Rutger Hauer and Billy Drago. The film was shot largely in Utah and St Johns County Florida and was produced by Camera 40 Productions. It was released on September 14 2007 in the United States.
 Streets Is Watching is a musical film in which Jay-Z compiles many of his unreleased music videos into a continuous film. The film takes place in Jay-Z's old neighborhood in Brooklyn New York. The film uses music from Jay-Z's albums Reasonable Doubt and In My Lifetime Vol. 1. The film is noteworthy because it contains Jay's first two videos In My Lifetime and I Can't Get Wit That both released without a major label contract.
 A Stolen Life is a 1946 drama film starring Bette Davis who also produced and directed by Curtis Bernhardt. The supporting cast includes Glenn Ford Dane Clark Walter Brennan Charles Ruggles and Bruce Bennett (formerly Herman Brix). The movie is a remake of a 1939 British film Stolen Life starring Elisabeth Bergner and Michael Redgrave.The second time Davis played twin sisters was in Dead Ringer (1964).
 The Box Car Racer DVD is the only DVD released by the band of the same name and features Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker of Blink-182 fame David Kennedy who is now in Angels & Airwaves along with DeLonge and Anthony Celestino.
 The Doll Squad is a 1973 low-budget action film Z movie by Feature-Faire that was later re-released under the title Seduce and Destroy. Directed edited co-written and co-produced by Ted V. Mikels it features Francine York Michael Ansara John Carter Anthony Eisley Leigh Christian and Tura Satana. Mikels claimed he filmed it for a total cost of $256000.
 Jayam Kondaan (English: The Victor) is a 2008 Tamil action romance film directed and co-written by Kannan and produced by T. G. Thiyagarajan. It stars Vinay Rai Bhavana Balachandran and Lekha Washington in the lead roles. Vivek and Kishore also appear.The film revolves around an Information technology professional who returns to Chennai from London to set up his own business.
 La Revanche also known as The Vengeance is a 1916 Australian feature length film directed by W.J. Lincoln about the revenge sought by Belgian friends of Edith Cavell against the Germans during World War I. It was a sequel to Nurse Cavell (1916) using many of the same cast and crew.It is considered a lost film.
 Doña Lupe is a 1985 short horror film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It is del Toro's ninth short film though the first eight remain unreleased. Del Toro filmed Doña Lupe at 19 years of age; reviewers have noted that the film feels like the work of an amateur artist getting to grips with his craft.In 2008 Doña Lupe saw its first commercial release as part of the Cinema 16: World Short Films DVD collection.
 I Accuse! is a British-American 1958 biographical drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer. The film is based on the true story of the Dreyfus Case in which a Jewish captain in the French Army is falsely accused of treason.
 Secrets of the Lone Wolf is a 1941 American crime film directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 Solva Saal (English: Sixteenth Year) is a 1958 Hindi movie. Produced by Chandrakant C Desai the film is directed by Raj Khosla. The film stars Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman. The film's music is by Sachin Dev Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.This film also contains the song Hai apna dil to awaara picturized on Dev Anand and Waheeda Rehman in the train sung by Hemant Kumar.Director Raj Khosla makes a cameo appearance in the movie.
 Sherlock Holmes is a 1916 silent film made by Essanay Studios and was one of the earliest American film adaptations of Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes. It starred William Gillette as Holmes based on his 1899 stage play which is based on not one case but takes inspiration from the short stories A Scandal in Bohemia The Final Problem and The Copper Beeches and the novel A Study in Scarlet.
 Ippodromi all'alba is a 1950 Italian short documentary film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.
 Kärlekens XYZ (The XYZ of Love) is a 1971 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman. It is a sequel to the two films Language of Love (1969) and Mera ur kärlekens språk (1970). In 1973 the three films were edited together into a new film Det bästa ur Kärlekens språk-filmerna (The Best from the Language of Love Films).
 Petaling Street Warriors (Chinese: 大英雄•小男人) is a film co-directed by James Lee Thim Heng and Sampson Yuen Choi-Hin through Malaysian production company Juita Entertainment a subsidiary of Juita Viden.
 Love Fiction (Hangul: 러브 픽션; RR: Leobeu Piksieon) is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Jeon Kye-soo and starring Ha Jung-woo and Gong Hyo-jin.
 Lailaa O Lailaa is an upcoming Malayalam comedy thriller film which is directed by Joshiy with Mohanlal and Amala Paul in the leads. The script is from Suresh Nair who is famous for his Bollywood hits like Namastey London Kahaani & D-Day. The movie is produced by Finecut Entertainments and expected to be released in 2014.
 Barefoot in Athens is a 1966 Emmy award-winning Hallmark Hall of Fame television movie directed by George Schaefer.It stars Peter Ustinov Geraldine Page Anthony Quayle Lloyd Bochner and Christopher Walken in his film debut.The film was adapted by Robert Hartung from the 1951 Maxwell Anderson play of the same name and concerns the trial and last days of Socrates.Ustinov won an Emmy Award for his performance in this film.
 Ganga Ki Lehren is a 1964 film produced and directed by Devi Sharma. The film stars Dharmendra Aruna Irani Kishore Kumar Rehman Savitri and Asit Sen. The music of the film is by Chitragupt.
 Suriyan Chandiran is a 1993 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film features Anand Babu Keerthana and Saravanan in lead roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 25 February 1993.
 The Magnet is a 1950 Ealing Studios comedy film and gave James Fox his first starring role. The story revolves around a young Wallasey boy Johnny Brent (Fox) whose deceptive obtaining of the eponymous magnet leads to confusion and ultimately him being hailed as a hero but feeling guilt at his slyness.
 What a Woman Dreams of in Springtime (German: Was eine Frau im Frühling träumt) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Curt Blachnitzky and starring Paul Rehkopf Anna Müller-Lincke and Colette Brettel. The film's art direction was by Kurt Richter.
 The Second Mother (German: Die zweite Mutter) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Heinrich Bolten-Baeckers and starring Margarete Lanner Hans Mierendorff and Maria Melchoir. It was one of a number of popular comedies released by UFA alongside its more prestigious art films.
 Z for Zachariah is an upcoming American science fiction film based on the book of the same name by Robert C. O'Brien directed by Craig Zobel and written by Nissar Modi. The film stars Margot Robbie Chris Pine and Chiwetel Ejiofor.
 Roman Candles is a 1966 short film by filmmaker John Waters starring Divine Mary Vivian Pearce David Lochary Mink Stole and Maelcum Soul.The film was shown triple projected on three 8mm projectors running simultaneously but has never been released commercially. However it was screened occasionally in 2004 as part of the touring exhibition John Waters: Change of Life.
 Karka Kasadara is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005.
 Sabar Uparey ( Bengali: সবার উপরে) is a 1955 Bengali film noir directed by Agradoot based on A.J. Cronin's 1953 novel Beyond This Place. It starred acclaimed actors Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen in leading roles. Chhabi Biswas Pahadi Sanyal and Nitish Mukherjee also play important roles in the movie.
 The Xpose is an upcoming 2014 Bollywood musical film directed by Anant Mahadevan and produced by Vipin Reshammiya under the banner of HR Musik. The film stars Himesh Reshammiya as a detective named Ravi Kumar who is investigating a murder.
 The Cool and the Crazy is a 1958 motion picture that was distributed by American-International Pictures.
 Le salamandre is a 1969 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Alberto Cavallone. It gained a great commercial success and launched the brief careers of the two main actresses Erna Schürer and Beryl Cunningham.
 Black Dog is a 1998 film about an ex-con manipulated into transporting illegal arms. The film stars Patrick Swayze Randy Travis and Meat Loaf.
 Raktha Kanneeru (English: Blood Tears) is a 2003 Kannada film directed by Sadhu Kokila and starring Upendra and Ramya Krishnan in the lead roles. The film was produced by Munirathna and was simultaneously made in Kannada and Telugu. It was a remake of the 1954 Tamil film Ratha Kanneer starring M. R. Radha The screenplay and dilogues of the film were written by Upendra and the music was composed by Sadhu Kokila.Upon release the film broke all opening box office records in Karnataka.
 The Lair of the White Worm is a 1988 British horror film based loosely on the Bram Stoker novel of the same name and drawing upon the English legend of the Lambton Worm. The film was written and directed by Ken Russell and stars Amanda Donohoe and Hugh Grant.
 Charley's Aunt is a 1915 American film. The film is based on the play Charley's Aunt by Brandon Thomas.
 Kalyanaraman is a 2002 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Shafi starring Dileep and Navya Nair. The film was remade in Telugu as Kalyanaramudu(2003) starring Venu Suman Prabhudeva and Nikita Thukral.
 Karla is a 2006 American drama and thriller film. The film is based on the true story of Canada's two most notorious serial killers Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka though the names of the victims were changed with the exception of Karla's sister.
 Mister Magoo's Christmas Carol is a musical adaptation of Charles Dickens's famous short story A Christmas Carol starring the character Mr. Magoo. Aside from the 1950 marionette special The Spirit of Christmas it was the first animated holiday program ever produced specifically for television originally airing in December 1962 and the only one until the stop-motion Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was first shown in December 1964.
 Agnisnaan (Assamese: অগ্নিস্নান) is an Assamese language film directed by Bhabendra Nath Saikia and released in 1985. The film is based on Saikia's novel titled Antareep. The film starred Indra Bania Kashmiri Barua Chetana Das Ashok Deka Moloya Goswami Arjun Guha Thakuria Arun Nath and Biju Phukan.
 Hearts and Minds is a 1974 American documentary film about the Vietnam War directed by Peter Davis. The film's title is based on a quote from President Lyndon B. Johnson: the ultimate victory will depend on the hearts and minds of the people who actually live out there. The movie was chosen as Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 47th Academy Awards presented in 1975.The film premiered at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
 Alma de sacrificio (English: Soul Sacrifice) is a 1917 Mexican silent film. It features Sara García as an extra.
 Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise is the 1987 sequel to the 1984 comedy Revenge of the Nerds. Its cast featured most of the main actors from the earlier film including Robert Carradine Anthony Edwards (in a smaller role) Curtis Armstrong Larry B. Scott Timothy Busfield Donald Gibb and Andrew Cassese. This film also provided an early starring role for Courtney Thorne-Smith.
 Black Coffee is a 2007 Canadian documentary film examining the complicated history of coffee and detailing its political social and economic influence from the past to the present day.The film details how coffee is the eighth most traded legal commodity in the world. It is also the fourth most valuable agricultural commodity. However only one cent of a $2 cup of coffee goes to the grower. This inequality has helped shape the history of continents and the Cold War.
 Totò a colori (English: Totò in color) is a 1952 Italian film and was the first Italian color film shot with the Ferraniacolor system. The film was directed by Steno (Stefano Vanzina) and starred the comic actor Totò (Antonio de Curtis). Totò a colori is widely regarded as Totò's masterpiece. He appears in a chase scene where he hides from his pursuers by disguising himself as a wooden marionette on stage. Once the show is over his body collapses just like a dead puppet.
 TxT is a 2006 Filipino horror film directed by Michael Tuviera and starring Angel Locsin Dennis Trillo Oyo Boy Sotto Julia Clarete Dante Rivero and Eugene Domingo.
 ABCD is a 2005 Tamil language film released in India. It was directed by Sharavana Subbaiya.The film starred Shaam Sneha Aparna and Nandana Kumar along with Vadivelu who provided the comic relief.
 The Eclipse is a 2009 Irish supernatural drama film directed by Conor McPherson and stars Ciarán Hinds Iben Hjejle and Aidan Quinn.
 The Hoosier Schoolmaster is a 1935 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins.
 Cracking Up is a comedy film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. Originally titled Smorgasbord it was filmed in 1981-82 and only received limited distribution in the United States. It is the last film to be directed by Lewis to date.The film marked a one-time reunion with Bill Richmond Lewis' screenwriting collaborator on such films as The Nutty Professor and The Patsy.
 Artemis Eternal is an upcoming sci-fi fantasy short film being produced independently by director Jessica Mae Stover. The cross-platform web experience and other design elements for the film are created by artist Greg Martin who frequently collaborates on Stover's projects.Artemis Eternal is being funded differently from most movies and many short films. Artemis Eternal is not sponsored or backed by any Hollywood studio. Instead the film is being supported by a method called Crowd-Funding.
 Jis Desh Mein Ganga Behti Hai is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Radhu Karmakar and produced by Raj Kapoor. The film stars Kapoor Pran and Padmini in lead roles. This was the first directorial venture of Karmakar who had previously been cinematographer for many of Kapoor's films.
 Jhoothi Shaan is a 1991 Indian film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Poonam Dhillon along with Shabana Azmi.
 Idi Katha Kaadu is a 1979 Indian Telugu language Drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Kamal Haasan Jayasudha Sarath Babu Chiranjeevi Saritha and Ramaprabha. It is a remake of Balachander's earlier Tamil hit Avargal (1977). Jayasudha reprised the role of Sujatha in the original. Kamal Haasan starred in the same role in both languages. This film also had Chiranjeevi as the villainous husband of Jayasudha (Rajinikanth starred as the husband in Tamil).
 In the Light of the Moon (released in the United States and Australia in 2001 as Ed Gein) is a 2000 Spanish and Portuguese film that chronicles the life of American graverobber and murderer Ed Gein. It was released in Spain and Portugal on November 17 2000–the 43rd anniversary of Gein's arrest.
 Charlie Chan In the Trap is a 1946 crime film directed by Howard Bretherton. The main premise is two members of a show troupe are murdered and Charlie Chan is called in to solve the case.This was Sidney Toler's final film and his final one as the detective Charlie Chan his 17th of the series. Stricken with cancer during his last few films Toler was so physically weak during filming that he could hardly walk or say his lines coherently.
 White Mile is a 1994 American film directed by Robert Butler and starring Alan Alda and Peter Gallagher.
 El Caracazo is 2005 Venezuelan historical film that deals with the events of El Caracazo on 27 February 1989 in and around Caracas. It was produced and directed by the veteran Venezuelan filmmaker Roman Chalbaud.
 The Call of the Canyon is a 1923 American Western silent film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Richard Dix Lois Wilson and Marjorie Daw. Based on the novel The Call of the Canyon by Zane Grey the film is about a returning war veteran who is nursed back to health by a compassionate Arizona girl. The Call of the Canyon was filmed in Red Rock Crossing in Sedona Arizona.
 A Very Special Favor is a 1965 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon and starring Rock Hudson and Leslie Caron.
 Dune is a 1984 American science fiction action film written and directed by David Lynch based on the 1965 Frank Herbert novel of the same name. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan as Paul Atreides and includes an ensemble of well-known American and European actors in supporting roles. It was filmed at the Churubusco Studios in Mexico City and included a soundtrack by the band Toto.
 Once Upon a Time or Once Upon a Time... This Morning (Thai: กาลครั้งหนึ่งเมื่อเช้านี้ or Kalla khrung nueng... muea chao nee) is a 1994 Thai drama film directed by Bhandit Rittakol.
 L'Avventura (English: The Adventure) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Gabriele Ferzetti Monica Vitti and Lea Massari. Developed from a story by Antonioni the film is about a young woman's disappearance during a Mediterranean boating trip. Her lover and her best friend during the subsequent search for her become attracted to each other.
 Nebraska is a 2013 American comedy-drama road film starring Bruce Dern Will Forte June Squibb and Bob Odenkirk. It was directed by Alexander Payne and written by Bob Nelson and it was released on November 15 2013. The film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where Bruce Dern won the Best Actor Award.
 Portland Street Blues (古惑仔情義篇之洪興十三妹) is a 1998 Hong Kong film directed by Yip Wai Man. The film is a spin-off of the Young and Dangerous series of films.
 Yksityisalue is a 1962 Finnish drama film directed by Maunu Kurkvaara. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Alice Sweet Alice (also known as Communion or Holy Terror) is a 1976 independent American slasher film co-written and directed by Alfred Sole and starring Linda Miller Paula Sheppard and Brooke Shields. The narrative focuses on a troubled adolescent girl who becomes a suspect in the brutal murder of her younger sister at her first communion.
 Naga Story: The Other Side of Silence is a 2003 documentary film by Indian film maker Gopal Menon. The film provides an introduction to the history of the Struggle by Naga people in North- East frontier of Indian subcontinent and documents the human rights abuses suffered by the Naga people in more than 50 years of the existence of Independent India. The Naga political struggle is one of the oldest nationality movements in South Asia continuing till present times.
 A Sister of Six is a lost 1916 silent film Western Drama produced by the Fine Arts Film Company and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. The film was directed by brothers Chester M. Franklin and Sidney Franklin and it starred young Bessie Love.
 Ella él y sus millones is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña.The movie is based on the play written by Honorio Maura.
 Aur pappu pass ho gaya is a 2007 Bollywood Drama film directed by Shantilal Soni and produced by Amit Srivastava.The film features Krishna Abhishek and Kashmira Shah in title roles with ensemble cast of supporting actors.
 Salaakhen is a 1975 Hindi movie produced by Parvesh Mehra and directed by A. Salaam. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Sulakshana Pandit A. K. Hangal Mehmood Amrish Puri and Ramesh Deo. The films music is by Ravindra Jain
 Laugh It Up Fuzzball: The Family Guy Trilogy consists of three episode specials of the American animated sitcom Family Guy. The episodes are a crossover and parody retelling of the original Star Wars films A New Hope (1977) The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1983). The first episode Blue Harvest (2007) was created in honor of the original film's 30th anniversary.
 Eu Não Faço a Menor Ideia do que eu Tô Fazendo Com a Minha Vida is a 2012 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed by Matheus Souza. The film opened the competitive exhibition at the 40th Gramado Film Festival.
 Liquidation (2007) (Russian: Ликвидация Likvidatsiya) is a highly popular Russian television series which parallels the famous The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed with notable ethical shift.
 Gharshana (Telugu: ఘర్షణ English: Contention) is an Indian action film directed by Gautham Menon. It was released on July 30 2004. The movie stars the Indian film actor Daggubati Venkatesh and the Indian film actress Asin Thottumkal playing the lead roles. It is a remake of the 2003 Tamil film success Kaakha Kaakha.
 Lucky 13 is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Hall and starring Brad Hunt Harland Williams Lauren Graham Sasha Alexander Debra Jo Rupp John Doe Kaley Cuoco and Taryn Manning. Jenna Fischer (Pam Beesly in The Office) plays a minor role in one scene.
 How the War Started on My Island (Croatian: Kako je počeo rat na mom otoku) is a 1996 Croatian black comedy film directed by Vinko Brešan and starring Vlatko Dulić Ljubomir Kerekeš Ivan Brkić Predrag Vušović Ivica Vidović Božidar Orešković and Matija Prskalo. The film was shot on location in Primošten and Šibenik.
 The Dark at the Top of the Stairs is a 1957 play by William Inge about family conflicts during the early 1920s in a small Oklahoma town. It was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play in 1958 and was made into a film in 1960.
 Hungry Bitches unofficially nicknamed for its trailer as 2 Girls 1 Cup is a 2007 scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media. The film features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations including defecating into a cup taking turns in what appears to be consuming the excrement and vomiting it into each other's mouths.
 Room in Rome (Spanish: Habitación en Roma) is a 2010 Spanish erotic romance film featuring relations of two young women (Alba and Natasha) in a hotel room in Rome. The plot is loosely based on another film En la cama (In Bed). Room in Rome was Julio Medem's first English language film.
 When Love Forgives is a 1913 short drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Outsourced is a romantic comedy film directed by John Jeffcoat released in 2006.
 Il poliziotto è marcio (internationally released as Shoot First Die Later) is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco-noir film directed by Fernando Di Leo. Di Leo reprises some elements of the novel Rogue Cop by William P. McGivern. Luc Merenda later starred in two other Di Leo's films Kidnap Syndicate and Nick the Sting.
 Honeysuckle Rose (also known as On the Road Again) is a 1980 romantic drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Willie Nelson Dyan Cannon and Amy Irving.
 The Big Idea is a 1917 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Hood 2 Hood: The Blockumentary is a straight-to-DVD documentary about the subculture of Inner-city street gangs in American neighborhoods released in 2005. It was produced by Rich Kid Entertainment.
 Se la llevó el Remington (He Took the Remington) is a 1948 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 The Hunter (Persian: Shekarchi‎) is a 2010 Iranian drama film directed by and starring Rafi Pitts. It was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Jai Swadesh is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Fright to the Finish is a 1954 animated American short film directed by Seymour Kneitel and Al Eugster starring Jack Mercer as Popeye.
 Charles II: The Power and the Passion is an award-winning British television mini-series broadcast on BBC One in 2003 and produced by the BBC in association with the A&E Network in the United States. It was produced by Kate Harwood directed by Joe Wright and written by award-winning screenwriter Adrian Hodges whose credits include David Copperfield and The Lost World.
 How We Fought the Emden is a 1915 Australian silent documentary film from cinematographer Charles Cusden about the Battle of Cocos during World War I. It was also known as The Fate of the Emden
 Ghost Story is a 1981 American horror film directed by John Irvin and based on the 1979 book of the same name by Peter Straub. It stars Fred Astaire Melvyn Douglas Douglas Fairbanks Jr. John Houseman and Craig Wasson (in a dual role). It was the last film to feature Astaire Fairbanks and Douglas and the first film to feature Michael O'Neill. The film was shot in Woodstock Vermont Saratoga Springs New York and at Stetson University in DeLand Florida.
 Baba Keno Chakar is a 1998 Drama Blockbuster Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha under the banner of Anjali Films. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Rituparna Sengupta Abdur Razzak (actor) Sreelekha Mitra Soumitra Chatterjee Abhishek Chatterjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Alauddin Ali
 Night Owl a 1993 vampire film shot in New York's Alphabet City and directed by Jeffrey Arsenault starred John Leguizamo and James Raftery as Jake a brooding vampire/squatter who picks up women in nightclubs and while having sex with them slices their necks with a matte knife and drinks their blood. One night he murders the sister of Angel John Leguizamo who begins a desperate search to find her killer. Ultimately their paths cross and what happens is shocking.
 Aparan (English: The Impostor) is a 1988 Malayalam mystery film written and directed by P. Padmarajan starring Jayaram Mukesh Shobana Parvathy and Madhu. Loosely based on the short story Aparan by Padmarajan the film is about mistaken identity and the problems that a young innocent man had to undergo in his life. It was the debut film of Jayaram. The film was critically acclaimed and was a box office success.
 Vedham Pudhithu (Tamil: வேதம் புதிது English: New vedha) (1987) starring Sathyaraj and Amala is a critically acclaimed Tamil movie directed by Bharathiraja. Charuhasan Saritha Raja and 'Nizhalgal' Ravi played supporting roles in the movie. The story and dialogue was written by Kannan.This is one of the few films that highlights some of the issues caused by the Caste system. The film's narrative was seamless and starred Sathyaraj as Balu Thevar.
 The Story of Woo Viet (Chinese Title: 胡越的故事 Cantonese Yale: Woo yuet dik goo si) is a Hong Kong political drama film made by director Ann Hui in 1981. Actor Chow Yun-fat played the title character Woo Viet. The assistant director was Stanley Kwan and the action choreographer was Ching Siu-tung.The movie was one of the first political dramas made in Hong Kong.
 Les 11 commandements (or The 11 Commandments in English speaking countries) is a French comedy film made in 2004 featuring Michaël Youn. It is comparable to the American film Jackass. It was theatrically released in France in February 2004 and led the French box office in its first week of release.
 Go Quiet is a music film directed by Dean DeBlois featuring acoustic renditions of all nine songs from the 2010 album Go by Jón Þór (Jónsi) Birgisson. The film was created as a counterpart to the lavishly produced studio tracks of Go with an emphasis on stripped-down intimacy. Go Quiet was filmed in Reykjavík during New Year 2010 and features the festive sights and sounds of New Year's Eve in Iceland.
 Aal (English: Single Person) is an upcoming Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Ananda Krishnan and produced by Vidiyal Raju. It stars Vidharth and Harthika Shetty in the lead roles. The background score and soundtrack were composed by Johan and the film is expected to release by summer 2014. The film is a remake of 2008 Hindi film Aamir.
 49th Parallel is the third film made by the British writer-director team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It was released in the United States as The Invaders. Despite the title no scene in the movie is set at the 49th parallel which forms much of the US-Canadian border.
 Born to Race is a 1988 film directed by James Fargo. It stars Joseph Bottoms and Marla Heasley.
 Class of 1984 is a 1982 Canadian action-thriller movie about a newly hired music teacher at a troubled inner city school where students have to pass through a metal detector due to problems with gangs drugs and violence. It was directed by Mark L.
 Burning Bright is a 2010 horror-thriller directed by Carlos Brooks and starring Briana Evigan Garret Dillahunt Meat Loaf and Charlie Tahan. The film is distributed by Lionsgate.
 Kannamoochi Yenada? (Tamil: கண்னாமூச்சி ஏனடா?; English: Why Hide and Seek?) is a 2007 Tamil comedy-drama film written and directed by V. Priya. The film stars Prithviraj Sathyaraj Sandhya and Raadhika Sarathkumar in lead and Sripriya Manobala and Radha Ravi in supporting roles. The film's score and soundtrack is composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 The Boat Race (French: La Régate) is a 2009 drama film directed by Bernard Bellefroid. The film follows Alexandre a 15 year-old guy who lives alone with his dad enduring relentless physical violence. To escape from his daily life Alex rows on the Meuse river and has only one obsession: to win the Belgian Singles Championships.The film received four nominations at the 1st Magritte Awards and won Most Promising Actor for Joffrey Verbruggen.
 Blue is a 2001 Japanese romantic drama directed by Hiroshi Ando based on the manga of the same name by Kiriko Nananan. The film stars Mikako Ichikawa as Kayako Kirishima and Manami Konishi as Masami Endo. The film was released in Japanese theaters in 2001 and the DVD version was released on March 29 2003.The film is about two teenage girls Kayako Kirishima and Masami Endō who find their friendship turning into something more.
 A Romance of Wastdale is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Milton Rosmer Valya Venitskaya and Fred Raynham. It was based on a novel by A. E. W. Mason.
 Neshoba is an award winning documentary film about events and attitudes in Neshoba County Mississippi 40 years after the 1964 Mississippi civil rights workers murders.
 Kakana Kote (Kannada: ಕಾಕನ ಕೋಟೆ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada biographical drama film adapted from Masti Venkatesh Iyengar's stage play of the same name. The film plot tells the story of Kaka Nayaka who was instrumental in stopping the exploitation of tribal people in Mysore district against the tax payment from the ruling kingdom government.The film was directed by acclaimed theater artist C. R. Simha and the music was composed by C. Ashwath.
 Bujjigadu (Telugu: బుజ్జిగాడు) is a 2008 Telugu language film directed by Puri Jagannadh and produced by K. S. Rama Rao. Prabhas plays the lead role with Trisha Krishnan and Sanjana playing the heroines. The film has been dubbed into Tamil as Kumaran Rajini Rasigan. This movie is dubbed in Hindi as Deewar-Man of Power. The film was earlier titled as Shadow with Shriya Saran and Prabhas in the lead role however due to her busy schedule Shriya opt out from the film.
 The Girlfriend Experience is a 2009 experimental drama film shot in New York City. It is directed by Steven Soderbergh and stars then-active porn star Sasha Grey. A rough cut was screened at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2009. The film has also been made available on Amazon Video on Demand as a pre-theatrical rental. Soderbergh mentioned Michelangelo Antonioni's Red Desert and Ingmar Bergman's Cries and Whispers as influences.
 Freaky Friday is a 2003 film based on the novel of the same name by Mary Rodgers. It stars Lindsay Lohan as Anna Coleman and Jamie Lee Curtis as her mother. In the film their souls are switched due to an enchanted Chinese fortune cookie. It also stars actors Mark Harmon and Chad Michael Murray with Julie Gonzalo.This is Disney's second remake of the original 1976 film starring Barbara Harris and Jodie Foster.
 The Boy and the Fog (Spanish: El Niño y la niebla) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gammat Jammat (Devnagari: गम्मत जम्मत) is a comedy Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1987. This movie is famous for the song Ashwini Ye Na sung by legendary Bollywood singer-actor Kishore Kumar and for the large-screen debut of actress Varsha Usgaonkar.
 Dragonworld: The Legend Continues (also known as: Dragonworld II and originally released on VHS in North America as: Shadow of the Knight) is a 1999 Adventure fantasy film. It is a Direct-to-video sequel to the original 1994 film Dragonworld. The film was actually originally filmed in 1996 but did not see a release until 1999.
 Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man is a 2005 film by Lian Lunson about the life and career of Leonard Cohen. It is based on a January 2005 tribute show at the Sydney Opera House titled Came So Far for Beauty which was produced by Hal Willner.
 P'tang Yang Kipperbang is a British television film first shown on Channel 4 on its second night 3 November 1982.Written by Jack Rosenthal as part of his First Love series it is a simple coming-of-age film set in a grammar school in the outer London suburbs of the late forties (1948). It is the story of Alan Duckworth (John Albasiny) a young cricket-obsessed boy and his first kiss with Ann Lawton (Abigail Cruttenden).
 Raasaiyya is a 1995 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by debutant P. Kannan and produced by T. Siva starring Prabhu Deva in the lead role. Roja Selvamani played the film's female lead. After the film's release it was dubbed into Hindi as Chhaila. The film revolves around the life struggle and love life of the character played by Prabhu Deva.
 Uthaman is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2001..
 Sex Is Zero 2 is the 2007 sequel to the South Korean comedy film Sex Is Zero and is the directorial debut of Yoon Tae-yoon. Starring Im Chang-jeong and Song Ji-hyo the film reunites most of the cast from the original film though Ha Ji-won only makes a cameo appearance. Sex Is Zero 2 was released in South Korea on 12 December 2007.
 Njai Dasima ([ɲˈai daˈsima]; Perfected Spelling: Nyai Dasima) is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) which was directed by Bachtiar Effendi for Tan's Film. It was the second film adapted from G. Francis' 1896 novel Tjerita Njai Dasima following a silent version in 1929. Starring Momo and Oesman it followed a young Sundanese njai (concubine) who is tricked into marrying a man who does not love her and ultimately killed for her money.
 S.A.S. à San Salvador (German title: S.A.S. Malko im Auftrag des Pentagon) is a French-German film adaptation of Gérard de Villiers' novel of the same name. The film was directed by Raoul Coutard. It starred Miles O'Keeffe as Son Altesse Sérénissime Malko the debonair polyglot hero of a long-lived (1965-2009) series of altogether 175 spy novels.
 The Eyes of Tammy Faye is a 2000 documentary film directed by Fenton Bailey and narrated by drag queen RuPaul focusing on the life of Tammy Faye Bakker.
 The Adventures of Marco Polo is a 1938 drama-adventure genre film and one of the most elaborate and costly of Samuel Goldwyn's productions.
 Asmaa or Asma'a (Arabic: أسماء‎) is a 2011 Egyptian drama film and is the first such feature film to present AIDS patients sympathetically. Written and directed by Amr Salama the film tells the history of a woman with HIV who struggles to live under the burden of keeping her HIV status secret and then the dilemma she faces when offered the opportunity to appear on a television talk show.
 The Battle is a 1911 American war film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film was set during the American Civil War. It was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey where many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. Prints of the film survive in several film archives around the world including the Museum of Modern Art UCLA Film and Television Archive George Eastman House and the Filmoteca Española.
 State Department: File 649 is a 1949 Cinecolor American film directed by Sam Newfield (using the pseudonym Peter Stewart).The film is also known as Assignment in China in the United Kingdom.
 Teenage Wolfpack (German: Die Halbstarken) is a 1956 German film directed by Georg Tressler. The film is also known as Wolfpack in the United Kingdom.
 The Traitor (German: Verräter) is a 1936 German film directed by Karl Ritter.
 Opasni put is a 1963 Croatian film directed by Mate Relja. It is based on a novel by Anton Ingolič.
 The Man Who Bought London is a 1916 British silent crime film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring E.J. Arundel Evelyn Boucher and Roy Travers. It was based on the 1915 novel of the same title by Edgar Wallace. It was the first of many Wallace stories to be adapted into films. It was made at Catford Studios.
 Tendres Cousines (English: Tender Cousins) is an 1980 French film directed by David Hamilton. The film was released as Cousins in Love in the United Kingdom.
 Laado (Hindi: लाडो translation: Lovely Daughter) is a 2000 Haryanvi language Film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary starring Ashutosh Rana and Arundhati as leads.Film's music was by Lalit Sen.
 Aadhi Raat Ke Baad is 1965 Hindi language movie directed by Nanabhai Bhatt and starring Ashok Kumar Ragini Sailesh Kumar Murad Agha Sajjan Ulhas Jankidas Rajan Haskar and Kumar. Chitragupt was Music Director and Manna Dey was Playback singer for this movie.
 When Brummies Met Sindhis is a documentary film made by Pakistani documentary filmmaker Azfar Rizvi.
 The Sun Also Rises is a 1957 film adaptation of the Ernest Hemingway novel of the same name directed by Henry King. The screenplay was written by Peter Viertel and it starred Tyrone Power Ava Gardner Mel Ferrer and Errol Flynn. Much of it was filmed on location in France and Spain in Cinemascope and color by Deluxe. A highlight of the film is the famous running of the bulls in Pamplona Spain and two bullfights.
 My Love and I (Swedish: Kungsleden) is a 1964 Swedish thriller film directed by Gunnar Höglund. It was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival. It was released on DVD in March 2008.
 Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart in Land of Demons (Japanese: 子連れ狼　冥府魔道 or Kozure Ōkami: Meifumando literally Wolf with Child in Tow: Crossroads to Hell) is the fifth in a series of six Japanese martial arts films based on the long-running Lone Wolf and Cub manga series about Ogami Ittō a wandering assassin for hire who is accompanied by his young son Daigoro.
 The Ammunition Hunter or Laai Ying Haap or Luo ying xia is a 1971 Taiwanese and Hong Kong kung fu action film directed by Ding Sin Saai. The film stars Chen Chen and Peter Yang Kwan.
 The Bloodstained Lawn (Italian: Il prato macchiato di rosso) is a 1973 Italian giallo film directed by Riccardo Ghione.
 Puthooramputhri Unniyarcha is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by P. G. Viswambharan. Based on Vadakkanpattu the folklore of North Malabar which are ballads extolling the brave and valiant chekavars it stars Vani Viswanath Devan Siddique Captain Raju and Kunchacko Boban in major roles. Jagadeesh Mala Aravindan Jayakrishnan Anoop Sreehari Manya Manka Mahesh Spadikam George and Mamukkoya form the supporting cast. This is the last film of P. G.
 Eyes of the Soul is a lost 1919 silent film romantic drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures and Artcraft. The star of the picture is Elsie Ferguson and director is Emile Chautard.
 I Me aur Main (English: Me Myself and I) is a Bollywood romance drama film directed by debut film director Kapil Sharma. The film features John Abraham Prachi Desai and Chitrangada Singh in lead roles. It was released on 1 March 2013 the movie flopped on box office.
 Passion is a 2012 French-German-Spanish-British erotic thriller film co-written and directed by Brian De Palma starring Rachel McAdams and Noomi Rapace. It is the English-language remake of Alain Corneau's 2010 thriller film Love Crime but with the ending greatly altered. The film is an international co-production between France Germany Spain and the United Kingdom.The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival.
 Absolute Zero is a 2006 disaster film directed by Robert Lee and written by Sarah Watson. It stars Jeff Fahey and Erika Eleniak. The film is about polar shift which brings a new ice age in Florida and everywhere within 30 degrees north and south of the equator.
 The Flying Fox also known as The Purple Lightning Sword is a 1964 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by Gam Wing and directed by Siu Sang.
 Second Show is a 2012 Malayalam action crime film directed by Srinath Rajendran andwritten by Vini Vishwa Lal. The film set in the backdrop of criminal gangs of varied varieties in Kerala tells the story of young Hari who rises from an illicit sand miner to a smuggling baron in a short time. It stars Dulquer Salmaan Gauthami Nair Sunny Wayne Baburaj and Sudesh Berry.
 Envelope is a short film inspired by true events of Russian publicist and writer Yevgeny Petrov. Actor Kevin Spacey supports young Russian director Aleksy Nuzhny by starring in his film.
 Toute la mémoire du monde is a documentary short film by Alain Resnais released in 1956.
 The Crocodile is a Cambodian award-winning Horror action film based on the crocodile's influence in Khmer culture. The film was released twice. It was originally released in July 2005 in more than 6 theatres and then screened again in 21–25 November 2007 at the Chenla Theatre after its showing around all Cambodia. It is unreleasable on VCD or DVD for a short amount of time.
 Heart of Dragon (Chinese: 龍的心 released in the United Kingdom as Heart of the Dragon) is a 1985 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Jackie Chan Emily Chu and Mang Hoi. It also features Yuen Biao is the action director for this film.It is also known by the titles as The First Mission and Powerman III.
 Five on the Black Hand Side is a 1973 comedy film based on the play by Charlie L. Russell. It was shot in Los Angeles California. Leonard Jackson appeared as John Henry Brooks. He was cast in Steven Spielberg's The Color Purple fifteen years later. Tagline: You've been coffy-tized blacula-rized and super-flied - but now you're gonna be glorified unified and filled-with-pride... when you see Five on the Black Hand Side.
 House of Mahjong (Chinese: 呖咕呖咕对对碰; pinyin: Lik goo lik goo dui dui pong) is a 2007 comedy film directed by Marco Mak and written by Shing Mo Cheng Chiu-Wang Lam and Ka-ming Lau. It was released in Hong Kong on February 1 2007.
 The Temptations is a four-hour television miniseries broadcast in two-hour halves on NBC based upon the history of one of Motown's longest-lived acts The Temptations. Executive produced by former Motown executive Suzanne de Passe produced by Otis Williams and Temptations manager Shelley Berger and based upon Williams’ Temptations autobiography the miniseries was originally broadcast on November 1 and November 2 1998. It was filmed on location in Pittsburgh PA in the spring of 1998.
 Out-of-Sync is a 1995 crime drama film featuring LL Cool J in his first starring role. The film was directed by Debbie Allen and co-starred Victoria Dillard Tim Reid and Howard Hesseman. The film had a $9000000 budget but only made $10000.
 As If I Am Not There is a 2010 Irish drama film directed by Juanita Wilson. The film is set in the Balkans and is shot in the Serbo-Croatian language. The film was selected as the Irish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.The film is based on Slavenka Drakulić's 1999 novel of the same name that deals with war rape in Bosnia in the 1990s.
 En la ardiente oscuridad (In the Burning Darkness) is a 1958 Argentine film based on a play of the same name by Antonio Buero Vallejo.
 Girls Against Boys is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by Austin Chick and starring Danielle Panabaker and Nicole LaLiberte.
 The Booth (Bûsu: original Japanese title) is a 2005 Japanese horror film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura and starring Ryuta Sato. The Booth was released on DVD in the United States May 23 2006 distributed by the Tartan Video under their label Tartan Asian Extreme.
 Susan's Plan (also released as Dying to Get Rich on video) is a 1998 black comedy film directed by John Landis and starring Nastassja Kinski Dan Aykroyd Billy Zane Rob Schneider Lara Flynn Boyle and Michael Biehn.
 The Journey (Spanish: El viaje) is a 1992 Argentine drama film directed by Fernando Solanas. It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Latitudes is a 2014 Brazilian romance-drama film directed by Felipe Braga starring Alice Braga and Daniel de Oliveira. The film tells the story of a couple who finds themselfs in several places around the world such as hotels airports and train stations in cities like Paris London Venice Istanbul and Buenos Aires.The film is part of a transmedia project. Initially it was exhibited on the Internet in several episodes. Later went on television and finally it was released at the cinema.
 The Banquet released on DVD in the United States as Legend of the Black Scorpion is a 2006 Chinese wuxia drama film. The film was directed by Feng Xiaogang and stars Zhang Ziyi Ge You Daniel Wu and Zhou Xun. It is a loose adaption of William Shakespeare's tragedy Hamlet and Henrik Ibsen's play Ghosts featuring themes of revenge and fate. It is set in the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in 10th century China.
 The Mystery of Mamo was the first animated movie of the Lupin III franchise created by manga author Monkey Punch. The movie was originally released in Japanese theatres on December 16 1978 as Lupin III (ルパン三世 Rupan Sansei) but was later retitled to Lupin III: Lupin vs. the Clones (ルパン三世 ルパンVS複製人間(クローン) Rupan Sansei: Rupan tai Kurōn) to differentiate it from other elements of the franchise.
 Come as You Are also known as Hasta la Vista is a Belgian drama film released in 2011 featuring Gilles De Schryver Robrecht Vanden Thoren Tom Audenaert and Isabelle de Hertogh. The film is directed by Geoffrey Enthoven written by Pierre De Clercq and based upon a real-life experience.
 Blazing Frontier is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield.The film is also known as Blazing Range (American recut version).
 Rock 'n' Roll Nightmare (also known as The Edge of Hell) is a 1987 direct-to-video Canadian filmand horror film directed by John Fasano and stars heavy metal musician Jon Mikl Thor Jillian Peri and Teresa Simpson.
 Gentlemen Prefer Nature Girls is an American 1963 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film is also known as Gentlemen Prefer Girls.
 Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens is a 1972 film directed by Jim Sharman. It is the first feature-length film from Sharman who subsequently directed The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
 Pancho Villa is a 1972 American British and Spanish spaghetti western film directed by Eugenio Martín. The film features Telly Savalas Clint Walker Chuck Connors and Anne Francis. Shot in Spain this brawling spectacle has an often-overlooked light-comedy satirical facet which to this day often confuses the viewers. The storyline was developed during the Vietnam War and reflected certain antiwar sentiments in an American society.
 Frozen Scream is a 1975 horror film directed by Frank Roach. It was a title banned in the UK under the video nasties law during the 1980s and remains unreleased.
 Los Días que me diste is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Naiyya is 1979 Hindi language movie directed by Prashanta Nanda and starring Prashanta Nanda himself Zarina Wahab.Naiyya is a remake of a very successful Oriya language movie Shesha Shrabana. The Oriya movie is also directed by Prashanta Nanda and starring himself and Mahaswata Roy.
 Kentucky Pride is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by John Ford. A print of the film exists at the Museum of Modern Art film archive.
 A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash is an award-winning documentary film about peak oil produced and directed by Basil Gelpke and Ray McCormack.
 Drillbit Taylor is a 2008 comedy film starring Owen Wilson as the eponymous character and based on an original idea by John Hughes. It was directed by Steven Brill and the screenplay was written by Kristofor Brown and Seth Rogen. Paramount Pictures released the film on March 21 2008.Drillbit Taylor was Hughes' last film as a writer before his death on August 6 2009. He also used his pseudonym Edmond Dantès for this film.
 The Roost is a 2005 horror film directed by Ti West. Zombies and homicidal bats terrorize four teenagers stranded on a mysterious farm.
 The Randomers is a 2014 romantic film from the Irish director Graham Jones about a young woman on the west coast of Ireland who places an advertisement seeking a male for a relationship without speaking.
 The Beautiful Country is a 2004 Vietnam-related drama film set in 1990. It is directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Damien Nguyen Nick Nolte Bai Ling Chau Thi Kim Xuan Tim Roth Anh Thu Temuera Morrison and John Hussey. The screenplay was written by Sabina Murray a writer who teaches at the University of Massachusetts Amherst's MFA Program for Poets & Writers.
 Cross is a 2011 American action fantasy film written by Patrick Durham John Sachar and Tanner Wiley. It was released direct-to-video.
 Scent of Love (국화꽃 향기 lit. Scent of Chrysanthemums) is a 2003 South Korean film and the directorial debut of Lee Jeong-wook. The film is based on a novel of the same name by Kim Ha-in and stars Jang Jin-young and Park Hae-il in the lead roles. Like her character Jang Jin-young battled stomach cancer and died in 2009. The film received an around of 900000 admissions nationwide and on May 16 2003 the film was screened at the Cannes Film Festival.
 A.I. Artificial Intelligence also known as A.I. is a 2001 American science fiction drama film written directed and produced by Steven Spielberg and based on Brian Aldiss's short story Super-Toys Last All Summer Long. The film stars Haley Joel Osment Jude Law Frances O'Connor Brendan Gleeson and William Hurt. Set sometime in the future A.I. tells the story of David a childlike android uniquely programmed with the ability to love.Development of A.I.
 Summer Time Machine Blues (サマー タイム マシン ブルース Samâ taimumashin burûsu) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Katsuyuki Motohiro. The film stars Eita as a member of a university science-fiction club and Juri Ueno and Yoko Maki as part of the neighboring photography club.
 F also known as The Expelled is a 2010 British horror film written and directed by Johannes Roberts and starring David Schofield and Eliza Bennett. The television premiere of the film was on Film4 3 March 2012.
 The Big Catch is a 1920 short Western film released by the Universal Film Mfg. Co. (later to become Universal Pictures) written by Ford Beebe directed by Leo D. Maloney and starring Hoot Gibson.
 The Exchange (Hebrew: ההתחלפות translit. Hahithalfut) is an 2012 Israeli drama film directed by Eran Kolirin. The film was screened in competition at the 68th Venice International Film Festival in September 2011.
 The Getaway is a 1994 crime thriller directed by Roger Donaldson. It is based on the Jim Thompson novel of the same name and is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name. The film stars Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger with Michael Madsen James Woods Philip Seymour Hoffman and Jennifer Tilly in supporting roles.
 For Whole Remaining Life (Russian: На всю оставшуюся жизнь Na vsyu ostavshuyusya zhizn) — Soviet TV mini-series Great Patriotic war drama adaptation of The Train (Sputniki) novel by Vera Panova.
 Sylvia is a 1965 drama film directed by Gordon Douglas written by Sydney Boehm and starring George Maharis Carroll Baker and Peter Lawford.Released by Paramount Pictures it was filmed in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The One That Got Away is a 1957 World War II film starring Hardy Krüger and featuring Michael Goodliffe Jack Gwillim and Alec McCowen. It was directed by Roy Ward Baker with a screenplay written by Howard Clewes. It was based on the 1956 book of the same name by Kendal Burt and James Leasor.The film chronicles the true exploits of Oberleutnant Franz von Werra a Luftwaffe pilot shot down over England in 1940.
 This Woman is Dangerous (1952) is a Warner Bros. feature film starring Joan Crawford David Brian and Dennis Morgan in a story about a gun moll's romances with two different men. The screenplay by Geoffrey Homes and George Worthing Yates was based on a story by Bernard Girard. The film was directed by Felix E. Feist and produced by Robert Sisk. Soon after the film was released Crawford left Warner Bros.
 Fish Out of Water is a 2009 documentary film by director Ky Dickens. The film showcases the seven Bible verses that are most often used to condemn homosexuality and same-sex marriage. Dickens talked with ministers on both sides of the debate surrounding homosexuality and the Bible for the film.
 ...More Than 1000 Words is a documentary film written directed shot and edited by Solo Avital.The film explores the relationship between the photographer Ziv Koren and his work covering the Israel-Palestine conflict. It depicts his involvement covering various events over a two-year period up to Israel's withdrawal from Gaza. Director Solo Avital seeks to shed light on how and why a man such as Koren would leave his wife and daughter to work as a photographer in a dangerous war zone.
 Poove Poochooda Vaa is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Fazil starring Padmini S. Ve. Shekher Nadiya Moidu and Jaishankar. The film is remade from Fazil's own Malayalam film Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu.
 Zodiac: The Race Begins (Chinese: 生肖传奇) is a CGI film produced by Singapore's Cubix Pictures. The film was released in the city state on January 26 2006.It is Singapore's first 3D animated film and recounts the legend behind the ancient Chinese zodiac on how 12 animals came to be chosen as its symbols.
 Nallathambi (Tamil: நல்லதம்பி) is a 1949 Tamil film starring and produced by N. S. Krishnan. The film's script was written by C. N. Annadurai (later chief minister of Tamil Nadu). This film marked Annadurai's debut in Tamil films.
 Alissa in Concert is a 1990 Dutch musical film directed by Erik van Zuylen.
 12 Angry Men is a 1957 American drama film adapted from a teleplay of the same name by Reginald Rose. Written and produced by Rose himself and directed by Sidney Lumet this trial film tells the story of a jury made up of 12 men as they deliberate the guilt or acquittal of a defendant on the basis of reasonable doubt. In the United States a verdict in most criminal trials by jury must be unanimous.
 The Hangman is a Bollywood drama film produced by Bipin Patel and directed by Vishal Bhandari. The film stars Om Puri Shreyas Talpade and Gulshan Grover in lead roles. It was set to be released in English first in 2005 but it failed. Then it was rescheduled to be released in 2007. This time again the release met with a failure. Finally enough it was released worldwide on 5 February 2010. A dubbed in English was also released.
 Warlock is a 1959 film released by Twentieth Century Fox and shot in DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope. It is a Western adapted from the novel by Oakley Hall (screenplay written by Robert Alan Aurthur).
 Sirivantha is a 2006 Indian Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan. This film directed by S. Narayan is the sixth and last film of the Vishnu-Narayan combination. Sirivantha followed the other 5 Vishnu-Narayan films Veerappa Nayaka Surya Vamsha Simhadriya Simha Jameendarru and Varsha.Though the film was a remake of the Telugu film Aa Naluguru starring Rajendra Prasad in the lead the Kannada version became more popular than the original and ran successfully for 100 days at the box office.
 Powder Blue is a 2008 drama film with an ensemble cast featuring several interconnected story arcs. It was written and directed by Timothy Linh Bui and features Patrick Swayze's last film role. The film saw only limited theatrical release in the USA and was ultimately released principally on DVD in May 2009. The film was subsequently released in Kazakhstan and Russia and on US cable television premium movie channels in late 2009.
 Lovelorn (Turkish: Gönül Yarası) is a 2005 Turkish drama film written and directed by Yavuz Turgul starring Şener Şen as a teacher recently returned to Istanbul who must protect a nightclub singer from her violent ex-husband. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 7 2005 (2005-01-07) won award at film festivals in Antalya Palm Springs and New York.
 The Man Who Will Come (Italian: L'uomo che verrà) is an Italian film released in 2009. It was directed by Giorgio Diritti and written by Giorgio Diritti Giovanni Galavotti and Tania Pedroni. The film stars Maya Sansa and Alba Rohrwacher.The film centers on a child growing up in northern Italy during World War II at the time of the Marzabotto massacre.
 It's a Small World is a 1935 film starring Spencer Tracy and Wendy Barrie and directed by Irving Cummings.
 Slaves in Bondage (1937) is an American film directed by Elmer Clifton. It stars Lona Andre Donald Reed and Wheeler Oakman.
 Wenn man baden geht auf Teneriffa is a 1964 West German film directed by Helmuth M. Backhaus.
 Replacing Dad is a 1999 American television film directed by Joyce Chopra. Based on a Shelley Fraser Mickle novel the film stars Mary McDonnell William Russ and Jack Coleman.
 Kadhal Kisu Kisu is a 2003 Tamil romantic film directed by P. Vasu. The film starred Bala and Charmy Kaurin the lead roles while Vivek and Manivannan appeared in other pivotal roles. The film produced by Kesavan had music scored by Vidyasagar. The film released in 2003 to below average collections and reviews.
 'O Re (also known as The King of Naples) is a 1989 Italian historical commedia all'italiana film written and directed by Luigi Magni. For his performance Carlo Croccolo won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor. The film also won the David di Donatello and the Nastro d'Argento for best costumes.
 Dunia is a 1946 Egyptian film directed by Mohammed Karim. It was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.
 Leave Her to Heaven is a 1945 American Technicolor film noir starring Gene Tierney Cornel Wilde Jeanne Crain with Vincent Price Darryl Hickman Ray Collins and Chill Wills. The story revolves around a femme fatale who entraps a husband and commits several crimes motivated by her insane jealousy over everything concerning him.The story was adapted for the screen by Jo Swerling from the best selling novel of the same name by Ben Ames Williams and directed by John M. Stahl.
 Il ritorno di Ringo or The Return of Ringo is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Duccio Tessari and the sequel to the earlier film A Pistol for Ringo. Its stars Giuliano Gemma who was like in many of his other films billed as Montgomery Wood. The score was composed by Ennio Morricone.
 Attenti al buffone (also known as Eye of the Cat) is a 1976 Italian comedy film.
 Cop Out is a 2010 American buddy cop comedy film directed and edited by Kevin Smith and also written by Cullen brothers Mark and Robb Cullen and starring Bruce Willis Tracy Morgan Kevin Pollak and Seann William Scott. The plot revolves around two longtime NYPD partners (portrayed by Willis and Morgan) on the trail of a stolen rare mint-condition baseball card who find themselves up against a merciless memorabilia-obsessed violent gangster.
 Next Goal Wins is a 2014 British documentary film directed by Mike Brett and Steve Jamison. The film chronicles the national football team of American Samoa as they try to recover from the indignity of being known as one of the weakest football teams in the world and to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
 Thanks for Sharing is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Stuart Blumberg from a screenplay written by Blumberg and Matt Winston. The film stars Mark Ruffalo Tim Robbins Gwyneth Paltrow Josh Gad Joely Richardson and Alecia Moore with supporting roles from Patrick Fugit Carol Kane Michaela Watkins and Isiah Whitlock Jr.The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival to moderately favorable reviews and was released in the United States a year later.
 Paper Tiger is a 1975 British film starring David Niven and child actor Ando.
 Amelia Lópes O'Neill is a 1991 Chilean drama film directed by Valeria Sarmiento. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Return of the Kung Fu Dragon (Mandarin: Ju ma pao) is a 1976 Taiwan film directed by Chick Lim Yu.
 Truckfighters is a documentary directed by Joerg Steineck about the Swedish rock band named Truckfighters.It incorporates various interviews with the band showing their members working on day-to-day jobs in their home town Örebro recording the album Mania in their studio and following them on tour through Europe.The film which is documentative in style of narration signifies itself a fuzzomentary film.
 On the Line is a 2001 American romantic comedy film starring Lance Bass Joey Fatone and Emmanuelle Chriqui. The film was directed by Eric Bross and was written by Eric Aronson and Paul Stanton based upon their short film of the same name.
 Aansoo Aur Muskan is a 1970 Hindi film directed by P. Madhavan. The film stars Padmini and Bindu. The films playback music was sung by Mukesh . The memorable fun song Guni Jano Bhakt Jano was rendered by Kishore Kumar.
 Granny Had No Worries or Nie miała baba kłopotu is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Aleksander Ford and Michał Waszyński.
 In Your Eyes is a 2010 Filipino romantic drama film produced and released by Viva Films and GMA Films. The film is set to premiere on August 18 2010.
 Yokomichi Yonosuke (横道世之介) known internationally as A Story of Yonosuke is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Shūichi Okita. The theme song is called Ima o Ikite (今を生きて Live Now) and is performed by Asian Kung-Fu Generation.The film premiered in America on July 13 2013 at the New York Asian Film Festival and has also made an appearance at the San Diego Asian Film Festival and the Japanese Film Festival in Australia.
 Wolf Girl (alternate title Blood Moon) is a 2001 Canadian/American horror thriller about a girl who travels with a freak show because of her rare genetic disorder called hypertrichosis.
 Notre musique (Our Music) is a 2004 film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. The film reflects on violence morality and the representation of violence in film and touches especially on past colonialism and the current Israeli-Palestinian conflict. It was screened out of competition at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hang Tuah (The Legend of Hang Tuah) is a 1959 Malay feature film directed by Phani Majumdar. It is the first Malay film to be fully shot in Eastman color film.It was released to public on 28 January 1956. The film was based on the legendary Admiral Hang Tuah of Malacca and his 4 sworn brothers; Hang Jebat Hang Kasturi Hang Lekir and Hang Lekiu.
 The Amazing Panda Adventure is a 1995 family adventure film about a 10-year old American boy called Ryan Tyler (played by Ryan Slater) who travels to China. This film was released by Warner Bros. under the Family Entertainment label.
 Death of a Salesman (German: Tod eines Handlungsreisenden) is a 1985 CBS made for television film directed by Volker Schlöndorff based on the 1949 play of the same name by Arthur Miller. It stars Dustin Hoffman Kate Reid John Malkovich Stephen Lang and Charles Durning. The film follows the script of the 1949 play almost exactly.
 The Good Witch is a television film that aired on the Hallmark Channel on January 19 2008. It starred Catherine Bell as Cassandra Nightingale and Chris Potter as Sheriff Jake Russell. Although set in Middleton USA it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake Ontario. The film has spawned six sequels and an upcoming television series.
 Nirvana Street Murder is a 1990 Australian comedy film written and directed by Aleksi Vellis starring Mark Little Ben Mendelsohn and Mary Coustas.
 The Errand of Angels is a 2008 American LDS cinema drama film directed and produced by Christian Vuissa who also wrote the screenplay. Starring Erin Chambers Rachel Emmers and Bettina Schwarz the film is based on the experiences of Heidi Johnson while working as a missionary in Austria for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
 Cradle of Genius is a 1961 Irish short documentary film directed by Paul Rotha. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Life Express (Chinese: 生死速遞; pinyin: Sheng Shi Cu Di) is a 2004 Hong Kong and Taiwan Drama film directed by actor and director Blacky Ko.
 Dorf Goes Auto Racing is a 1990 comedy film starring Tim Conway Eddie Deezen and Tim Conway Jr.
 Ripper 2 (aka US title: Ripper 2: Letter from Within) is a 2004 British horror film directed by Jonas Quastel starring Erin Karpluk and Nicolas Irons and is a sequel to Ripper. It was written and produced by John A. Curtis and Pat Bermel.
 Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens (1979) is a satirical sexploitation film starring Kitten Natividad and Ann Marie with a cameo by Uschi Digard. It was directed by American motion picture director Russ Meyer and written by Roger Ebert and Meyer.
 Caliche sangriento (i.e. Bloody Nitrate) is a Chilean movie of 1969 and the first one directed by Helvio Soto. The plot takes place in 1879 through 1880 during the War of the Pacific when Chile Bolivia and Peru fought over control of the sodium nitrate deposits in the Atacama desert. The film decries the cruelty and absurdity of war and the disunity among the peoples of Latin America. The style of the movie has been compared to that of Western and Spaghetti western movies.
 It Rains on Our Love (Swedish: Det regnar på vår kärlek) is a 1946 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman. The screenplay was written by Herbert Grevenius and Bergman based on the Norwegian play Bra Mennesker (Good People) by Oskar Braaten. It Rains on Our Love is the first film directed by Bergman to include actor Gunnar Björnstrand (he also had a role in Bergman's screenwriting debut Torment [1944]). Björnstrand would go on to act in nearly twenty of Bergman's films.
 Dracula and Son (French: Dracula père et fils) is a 1976 French comedy and horror film directed and written by Edouard Molinaro. The film is about a vampire father and son.
 Gokaiger Goseiger Super Sentai 199 Hero Great Battle (ゴーカイジャー ゴセイジャー スーパー戦隊199ヒーロー 大決戦 Gōkaijā Goseijā Sūpā Sentai Hyakukyūjūkyū Hīrō Daikessen) is a Japanese tokusatsu film originally set for release on May 21 2011 to commemorate the 35th anniversary of the Super Sentai Series.
 The Connection is a 1961 feature film by the noted American experimental filmmaker Shirley Clarke. The film was Clarke's first feature; she had made several short films over the previous decade.
 I Was a Teenage Zombie is a 1987 film. Though it had a very low budget and unknown actors it attracted a cult following.
 Operation Homecoming: Writing the Wartime Experience is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Richard E. Robbins which portrays the lives and experiences of American combat soldiers who have been to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
 Dokuro (恐苦呂) is a 1927 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Sentaro Shirai. This is a significant and rare film in that it depicts the tragic fate of a Christian lord who fought for his faith in the Edo period. Especially noteworthy are the final scenes in which Utaemon Ichikawa takes on his enemy with a gash in his forehead and wild unkempt hair.
 Juncture is a 2007 thriller film directed by James Seale and the first in a planned trilogy. The plot revolves around the character of Anna Carter (Kristine Blackport) an ordinary woman who turns into a vigilante.
 House of Usher (also known as The Fall of the House of Usher and The Mysterious House of Usher) is a 1960 American horror film directed by Roger Corman and written by Richard Matheson from the short story The Fall of the House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe.
 Lennon Naked is a 2010 television biographical film focusing on the life of John Lennon between 1967 and 1971. It stars Christopher Eccleston as Lennon and was directed by Edmund Coulthard.The film was first broadcast on 23 June 2010 on BBC Four and received its U.S. premiere on PBS on 21 November 2010 as part of Masterpiece Contemporary airing the day before the American Masters documentary LENNONYC which begins where Lennon Naked ended. The film premiered in Australia on 5 December 2010.
 L' Ultimo incontro is a 1951 Italian film.
 Trash Inc: The Secret Life of Garbage is a one-hour television documentary film that aired on CNBC on September 29 2010 about trash/garbage what happens to it when it's thrown away and its impact on the world.
 Night of Truth (French: La nuit de la vérité) is a 2004 French/Burkinabe film the first by director Fanta Régina Nacro. Set in a fictional West-African country this film tells the story of the night of reconciliation between two ethnic groups the Nayak and the Bonandes. After ten years of war and much bloodshed Theo leader of the Bonandes invites the Nayak president to come and make peace. However things do not go as smoothly as planned. The film is in French and Dioula.
 The Perfect Holiday is a 2007 family comedy film starring Gabrielle Union Morris Chestnut and Terrence Howard and is produced by Academy Award-nominated actress Queen Latifah who also narrates the movie. The film was released on December 12 2007. The film has also appeared on many television networks including Disney Channel and Family and BET.Tagline: This Christmas the perfect man just happens to be Santa.
 Yaaba is a 1989 Burkinabé drama film written produced and directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo. It won the Sakura Gold prize at the 1989 Tokyo Film Festival.The film was the subject of a short documentary Parlons Grand-mère which was shot during the film's production by Djibril Diop Mambéty.
 Mahakavi Kalidasa (Kannada: ಮಹಾಕವಿ ಕಾಳಿದಾಸ) is an Indian 1955 Kannada-language film directed by K. R. Seetharam Shastry. The film is based on the life of Kālidāsa a famous poet who lived during the 4th and 5th Century CE. Honnappa Bhagavatar played the role of Kālidāsa in the film.
 Beyond the Black Rainbow is a 2010 Canadian science fiction film written and directed by Panos Cosmatos his feature film debut. The film stars Michael Rogers as Dr. Barry Nyle. It was produced and filmed in Vancouver and premiered at the 2010 Whistler Film Festival. It also showed at several film festivals throughout 2011 including Tribeca in New York City and Fantasia in Montreal. Magnet Releasing the genre division of Magnolia Pictures has picked up the film for US theatrical release.
 Flubber is a 1997 comedy film and a remake of The Absent-Minded Professor (1961) directed by Les Mayfield (who had previously directed another John Hughes scripted remake Miracle on 34th Street). The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and stars Robin Williams Marcia Gay Harden Christopher McDonald Ted Levine Jodi Benson and Clancy Brown. Although the film was poorly reviewed it did well at the box office making more than double its budget.
 Sorobanzuku (そろばんずく) is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita.
 Chain Lightning is a 1950 American aviation film based on the story These Many Years by black-listed writer Lester Cole (under the pseudonym J. Redmond Prior); the screenplay was written by Liam O'Brien and Vincent B. Evans. During World War II Evans had been the bombardier on the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress Memphis Belle.The film stars Humphrey Bogart as a test pilot Eleanor Parker and Raymond Massey.
 &ME is a European film written and directed by Norbert ter Hall and produced by Phanta Vision Film International. The film was shot across four countries in eight weeks is told in five languages and employed an international cast and crew claiming eight different nationalities. &ME will be released on March 14 2013.
 All'ombra di una colt (In the Shadow of a Colt) is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed and written by Giovanni Grimaldi.
 Windfall is a 1935 British drama film adapted by Jack Celestin and Randall Faye from the R. C. Sherriff play of the same title. The film was directed by Frederick Hayward and George King with starring Edward Rigby and Marie Ault and George Carney.
 The Beckoning Silence is a 2007 British television film that follows and retraces the unsuccessful attempt to scale the north face of the Eiger led by Toni Kurz in 1936. The film features climber Joe Simpson whose book of the same name inspired the film.In 2008 it won an International Emmy Award.
 Sradha is a Malayalam language film directed by I. V. Sasi. The film had a huge star cast including Mohanlal Shobhana Abhirami Seema Indraja Devan and Arun Pandian.The film was dubbed in Tamil as Dhool Police.
 Laan mig din kone is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Neergaard and Anker Sørensen and starring Gunnar Lauring.
 Haunted Castle is a 2001 Belgian/American animated horror film in IMAX theaters. The film is rated PG and is computer-animated with 3D effects.Written by Kurt Frey and directed by co-writer Ben Stassen the film plays out very much like many modern video games and can be divided into two types of segments: those in which the audience is seeing through the eyes of the main character and those in which a scene plays out where the main character is actually in the shot.
 Chilamboli is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1963. Its plot is based on the 1937 Kollywood mythological Chinthamani.[1]
 Darling Lili is a 1970 American musical film. The screenplay was written by William Peter Blatty and Blake Edwards who also directed. The cast included Julie Andrews Rock Hudson and Jeremy Kemp.
 Luke's Late Lunchers is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Luther is the 1973 film of John Osborne's biographical play presenting the life of Martin Luther. It was one of eight in the first season of the American Film Theater's series of plays made into films. It was produced by Ely Landau directed by British director Guy Green and filmed at Shepperton Studios England. The film presents Martin Luther and his legacy for the world to evaluate.
 The Riddle of the Stinson is a 1987 Australian TV movie about the crash of the Stinson plane in Lamington Queensland Australia and the rescue of its survivors by local Queenslander Bernard O'Reilly (Jack Thompson).
 Parisu is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1960s.The film was produced by Thiru P.L.Palaniappan Chettiar (20.9.1933 - 24.11.2013) who has produced close to 25 tamil films like pongi varum kaveriamman arul and pinju manam.
 The Hunting of the President is a 2004 English language documentary film about Bill Clinton. Clinton and his wife Hillary Clinton appear in archived footage. The film is based on the book The Hunting of the President: The Ten Year Campaign to Destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton written by investigative journalists Joe Conason and Gene Lyons and published by Thomas Dunne Books in 2000.
 By the Bluest of Seas (Russian: У самого синего моря) is a 1936 Soviet film directed by Boris Barnet.
 Know Your Ally: Britain was a 45-minute propaganda film made in 1944. It was narrated by Walter Huston and produced by the United States War Department and Signal Corp to solidify Anglo-American solidarity within the ranks as well as counter Nazi propaganda aimed at weakening the Alliance.
 The Fortune Code (Chinese: 富貴兵團) is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Kent Cheng starring Sammo Hung Andy Lau Alan Tam and Anita Mui.
 Dakar cherche de l'oxygène is a Senegalese 2006 short documentary film.
 Elevator is a Romanian independent film directed by George Dorobanțu and written by Gabriel Pintilei. The screenplay adapts Pintilei's own 2004 stageplay Elevator which had the premise inspired by a real story that took place in London in 2002. Both the movie and the play won several national and international awards.
 Ettore Fieramosca is a 1938 Italian historical film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Gino Cervi Mario Ferrari and Elisa Cegani. It is adapted from the 1833 novel of the same title by Massimo D'Azeglio based on the life of the 16th century condottiero Ettore Fieramosca.
 Henry V is a 1989 British drama film adapted for the screen and directed by Kenneth Branagh based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name about Henry V of England.
 Istoria mias zois (Greek: Ιστορία μιας ζωής Story of a Life) is a 1965 Greek black-and-white film starring Zoi Laskari and Manos Katrakis. The film made 534086 tickets in Athens.
 Sargam is a Pakistani musical Urdu film directed by Syed Noor starring the singer Adnan Sami and his ex-wife Zeba Bakhtiar. The film was Adnan Sami Khan's first and last appearance in any Pakistani film. He composed some songs with Indian singer Asha Bhonsle and created an all time Pakistani record for any single film with his 10 songs most of them super hit songs. A classical musician Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak appeared as an actor in this film.
 Bloodmatch is a martial-arts film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Thom Mathews Hope Marie Carlton Marianne Taylor Vincent Klyn Michel Qissi and Benny The Jet Urquidez.
 The Two Sentences is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Harry Van Meter Perry Banks Jack Richardson Louise Lester Vivian Rich and David Lythgoe.
 A Private Matter is a 1992 made-for-television (HBO) drama based on the true 1962 story of Sherri Finkbine a resident of Phoenix Arizona in the first trimester of her fifth pregnancy. She was the popular hostess of the locally produced children's television show Romper Room.She was taking the drug thalidomide—a drug that was at one time commonly given to pregnant women in order to alleviate morning sickness and other uncomfortable symptoms associated with pregnancy.
 Where Love Has Gone is a 1964 American drama film made by Embassy Pictures Joseph E. Levine Productions and Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Edward Dmytryk and produced by Joseph E. Levine from a screenplay by John Michael Hayes based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins.
 The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy fantasy mockumentary short film directed by Terry Gilliam from a screenplay by Aaron Bergeron. The film stars David Arquette and Justin Kirk and features appearances by Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Darrell Waltrip. The Legend of Hallowdega was produced by @radical.media as branded content film for AMP Energy Juice and was shot on location in Charlotte NC and at Talladega Superspeedway Alabama.
 Secret Weapon is a 1990 American-Australian film.It`is the true story of Mordechai Vanunu the Israeli nuclear technician who revealed to the world his country`s nuclear weapons capability
 Mad About Mambo is a 2000 British/Irish co-production filmed in Dublin but set in Belfast written and directed by John Forte. It stars William Ash Keri Russell and Brian Cox.
 Cold War is a 2012 Hong Kong police thriller film directed by Sunny Luk and Longman Leung starring Aaron Kwok and Tony Leung Ka-fai and guest starring Andy Lau.
 Tere Mere Sapne ('Our Dreams') is a 1996 Hindi film produced by Amitabh Bachchan's production company A.B.C.L. and directed by Joy Augustine. The film had a cast of newcomer actors consisting of Chandrachur Singh Arshad Warsi Priya Gill and Simran.
 So Little Time is a 1952 British World War II romance drama directed by Compton Bennett and starring Marius Goring and Maria Schell. The film is based on the novel Je ne suis pas une héroïne by French author Noelle Henry. So Little Time is unusual for its time in portraying its German characters in a mainly sympathetic manner while the Belgian Resistance characters are depicted in an aggressive almost gangster-type light.
 Sabapathy (Tamil: சபாபதி) is a 1941 Tamil film directed and produced by A. V. Meiyappan and A. T. Krishnaswamy. It was a comedy film starring T. R. Ramachandran Kali N. Ratnam and K. Sarangapani.
 Herbie is a short 16mm black and white film by George Lucas and Paul Golding made in 1966 as part of their USC film school course. It is an abstract film with no story and no actors that graphically depicts the reflections of moving light streaks and light flashes from traffic at night. It is set to a piece of jazz music by Herbie Hancock whose first name was used for the title.
 When Evening Falls on Bucharest or Metabolism (Romanian: Când se lasa seara peste Bucuresti sau metabolism) is a 2013 Romanian drama film written and directed by Corneliu Porumboiu. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Perils of Nyoka is a 1942 Republic Movie serial directed by William Witney. It starred Kay Aldridge as Nyoka the Jungle Girl a character who first appeared in the Edgar Rice Burroughs-inspired serial Jungle Girl.
 The Syndicate: A Death in the Family (Italian: Colpo rovente also known as Red Hot Shot) is a 1970 Italian crime film directed by Piero Zuffi and written by Ennio Flaiano and the same Zuffi.In 2004 it was restored and shown as part of the retrospective Storia Segreta del Cinema Italiano: Italian Kings of the Bs at the 61st Venice International Film Festival.
 A+ Pollux is a 2002 film by Luc Pagès adapted from a novel by Philippe Jaenada Le Chameau sauvage.
 Teresa de Jesús is a 1984 film mini-series that premiered on Spanish television in 1984. It presents the life of Teresa of Avila a Spanish saint mystic and doctor of the Roman Catholic Church. Its dialogue is in Spanish but versions with English subtitles are available. The film stars Concha Velasco as Teresa.
 The Docks of New York (1928) is a silent drama film directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring George Bancroft Betty Compson and Olga Baclanova. The movie was adapted by Jules Furthman from the John Monk Saunders story The Dock Walloper.
 Summer Of My German Soldier is a 1978 made-for-TV movie based on the novel of the same name written by Bette Greene. It stars Kristy McNichol as a Jewish-American girl and Bruce Davison as the German prisoner of war whom she befriends.
 The King's Daughters (French: Saint-Cyr) is a 2000 French period drama film directed by Patricia Mazuy. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival. It was adapted from the novel La maison d’Esther by Yves Dangerfield.
 The French Line is a 1954 musical film starring Jane Russell made by RKO Pictures directed by Lloyd Bacon and produced by Edmund Grainger with Howard Hughes as executive producer. The screenplay was by Mary Loos and Richard Sale based on a story by Matty Kemp and Isabel Dawn. It was filmed in three strip technicolor and Dual strip polarized 3D during what many consider 3-D film's golden era of 1952-1954.Gilbert Roland co-stars and Kim Novak makes her first film appearance.
 The Newman Shame is a 1977 Australian TV film starring George Lazenby and produced by Robert Bruning who previously worked together on Is There Anybody There? (1976).
 A Coffin for the Sheriff (Italian: Una bara per lo sceriffo) is a 1965 Italian western film directed by Mario Caiano.
 The Cup is a 2011 Australian biographical film about the 2002 Melbourne Cup horse race and is directed by Simon Wincer. It is about Damien Oliver's victory in the 2002 Melbourne Cup. This was Bill Hunter's final film before his death.
 Mettukudi is an Indian 1996 Tamil language Drama film directed by Sundar C. starring Karthik Gemini Ganesan Goundamani Nagma and Manivannan. The film was screened for 75 days in many centres and was declared a commercial success.
 Porndogs: The Adventures of Sadie is an American feature length hardcore porn comedy film produced in 2009. Written produced edited and directed by Greg Blatman the film features over thirty live dogs as the actors. The animals are voiced by a number of famous celebrities including Marilyn Chambers Ron Jeremy Too $hort Heidi Fleiss Dustin Diamond Paul Rodriguez Tera Patrick Evan Seinfeld and Paul Ogata. Marilyn Chambers plays the lead dog Sadie thus making it Chambers last film.
 The Respectable Ladies of Pardubice (Czech: Počestné paní pardubické) is a 1944 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 Ah Boys to Men (simplified Chinese: 新兵正传; traditional Chinese: 新兵正傳; pinyin: xīnbīng zhèngzhuàn; literally Recruits' True Biography) is a 2012 Singaporean-Malaysian two-part comedy film produced and directed by Jack Neo written by Neo and Link Sng and starring Wang Wei Liang Noah Yap Joshua Tan and Maxi Lim. The main plot revolves around a group of army recruits in National Service in Singapore.
 Ombre su Trieste is a 1952 Italian film.
 Society Doctor is a 1935 film.
 12:08 East of Bucharest (Romanian: A fost sau n-a fost?) is a 2006 Romanian film directed by Corneliu Porumboiu released in 2006 and winner of the Camera d'Or Prize (for best first film) at the Cannes Film Festival. It was also released in the United States under the abridged titles East of Bucharest and 12:08 Bucharest.
 Abhayam Thedi (English: In Search of a Shelter) is a 1986 Malayalam drama film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by I. V. Sasi. The film stars Shobhana Mohanlal Thilakan K. P. A. C. LalithaAnju and Janardhanan among others.
 The Tender Trap (1955) is a CinemaScope comedy starring Frank Sinatra Debbie Reynolds David Wayne and Celeste Holm.Based on the 1954 play The Tender Trap by Max Shulman and Robert Paul Smith it marked Sinatra's return to MGM some six years after On the Town.
 Gaġġa (Cage) is a 1971 film adaptation of a novel called 'Il-Gagga' written by Frans Sammut. The adaptation was written and directed by Mario Azzopardi who was a film student at the time. The film was originally made as a thesis but was released in 2007 due to its cultural importance being the first feature film made in with a script entirely in Maltese.
 The Fireman is the second film Charlie Chaplin created for Mutual Film Corporation in 1916. Released on June 12 it starred Chaplin as the fireman and Edna Purviance as the daughter to Lloyd Bacon.
 Up in Smoke directed by Lou Adler is Cheech and Chong's first feature-length film released in 1978 by Paramount Pictures. It stars Cheech Marin Tommy Chong Edie Adams Strother Martin Stacy Keach and Tom Skerritt. Cheech & Chong had been a comedy team for about ten years before they started reworking some of their material for their first film. Much of the film was shot in Los Angeles California including scenes set in Tijuana Mexico.
 Watchers is a 1988 horror film starring Corey Haim Michael Ironside Barbara Williams and Lala Sloatman. It is loosely based on the novel Watchers by Dean R. Koontz.The film was shot in Vancouver British Columbia Canada and grossed $940173 in the United States.There have been three sequels released Watchers II Watchers 3 and Watchers Reborn.
 A Christmas Snow is a 2010 direct-to-video independent Christmas film by Trost Moving Pictures. It stars Catherine Mary Stewart Muse Watson Anthony Tyler Quinn and newcomer Cameron ten Napel. There is also a guest appearance by Danny Cahill as the Food Critic. A soundtrack based on the film is being produced by Bryan Popin. Author Jim Stovall will write a novelized version of A Christmas Snow.
 My Bodyguard is a 1980 comedy-drama film released by 20th Century Fox directed by Tony Bill (his directorial debut) and written by Alan Ormsby. The film stars Chris Makepeace Adam Baldwin Matt Dillon Martin Mull and Ruth Gordon.The film was the début of both Baldwin and an uncredited Jennifer Beals and was Joan Cusack's first major film.
 The Two Worlds of Jennie Logan is a 1979 American television movie which is an adaptation of David L. Williams' novel Second Sight. The film stars Lindsay Wagner in the title role. It also stars Marc Singer Linda Gray Alan Feinstein and Henry Wilcoxon. Directed by Frank deFelitta who also adapted Williams's novel into this screenplay.
 Thozhar Pandian is a 1994 Tamil drama film written and directed by Manivannan. It stars Sathyaraj and Ranjitha in the lead roles. The film failed at the box office unlike the duo's previous movie Amaidhipadai.
 Total Dhamaal (or formerly Dhamaal 3) ( hindi - टोटल धमाल )is an upcoming Hindi comedy film sequel to Double Dhamaal (2011) and Dhamaal (2007). The film will be presented by Bharat Shah directed by Indra Kumar and will feature the full cast from the previous two films along with Aditya Roy Kapur. Filming will start in November 2014 and will be released in late 2015. Sources say that Sanjay Dutt is going to be replaced by another actor.
 Garfield's Fun Fest is a 2008 CGI movie starring Garfield. It was produced by Paws Inc. in cooperation with The Animation Picture Company and distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. It was written by Garfield's creator Jim Davis as a sequel to Garfield Gets Real. The DVD was released in stores on August 5 2008. It was followed by a third direct to video film Garfield's Pet Force in 2009.
 Juegos de verano is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Aangan Ki Kali is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Harsh Koli. Music is by Bappi Lahiri. This is one of the few Hindi films that deals with adoption.
 Ghar Ek Mandir is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K.Bapaiah starring Shashi Kapoor Mithun Chakraborty Ranjeeta Moushumi Chatterjee Shakti Kapoor Kader Khan and Raj Kiran
 The Ghost Camera is a 1933 British mystery film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Henry Kendall Ida Lupino and John Mills. It was based on A Mystery Narrative a short story by Joseph Jefferson Farjeon. Despite being made quickly on a low budget the film has come to be considered as one of the most successful Quota quickies made during the Thirties.
 For the 1978 Alan Parker film see Midnight Express (film).The Midnight Express (1924) is a romantic film directed by George W. Hill.
 Fascination is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then wife Mae Murray. The film is based on an original story by Edmund Goulding soon to be a prolific film director. The story capitalizes on Murray's continuing forays into outlandish costume dramas.
 Dark Water is a 2005 American horror-thriller film directed by Walter Salles starring Jennifer Connelly and Tim Roth. The film is a remake of the 2002 Japanese film of the same name and also stars John C. Reilly Pete Postlethwaite Perla Haney-Jardine and Ariel Gade.The film was released on July 8 2005 and grossed almost $50 million worldwide.
 Lupin III (ルパン三世 Rupan Sansei) is an upcoming Japanese film directed by Ryuhei Kitamura and based on Monkey Punch's manga series Lupin III. The film will show how the main characters met for the first time and will reportedly update the franchise to a contemporary setting. It will premiere on August 30 2014.
 Dirty Deeds is a 2002 film shot in Australia. It was directed by noted fringe director David Caesar and stars Bryan Brown Toni Collette Sam Neill Sam Worthington and John Goodman and produced by Nine Films and Television the film and television production arm of the Nine Network owned by PBL Media now Nine Entertainment Co.
 Into My Heart is a 1998 motion picture featuring Rob Morrow and Claire Forlani. It premiered at the Venice Film Festival on September 9 1998 the drama documents a love triangle involving a woman and two childhood friends focusing on the themes of marriage adultery and betrayal. It was written and directed by Anthony Stark and Sean Smith.
 Fish Meat is a 2012 documentary by Fish Navy Films that analyzes and questions current fish farming practices. It was an official selection at the Blue Ocean Film Festival Idyllwild Film Festival San Francisco Ocean Film Festival Catalina Film Festival and. It has also screened around the country including at the University of Colorado and at University of Massachusetts Amherst.
 Hibiscus Town (simplified Chinese: 芙蓉镇; traditional Chinese: 芙蓉鎮; pinyin: Fú róng zhèn) is a 1986 Chinese film directed by Xie Jin based on a novel by the same name written by Gu Hua. The film a melodrama follows the life and travails of a young woman who lives through the turmoil of the Cultural Revolution and as such is an example of the scar drama genre that emerged in the 1980s and 1990s that detailed life during that period. The film was produced by the Shanghai Film Studio.
 Trash is an upcoming British adventure drama thriller film directed by Stephen Daldry and written by Richard Curtis based on a 2010 novel of same name by Andy Mulligan. The film stars Rooney Mara Martin Sheen Wagner Moura and Selton Mello.
 Love's Blindness is a 1926 silent film directed by John Francis Dillon. The film stars Pauline Starke Antonio Moreno and Lilyan Tashman. Written by Elinor Glyn the film was produced under the direct supervision of the author. The film is considered lost with just a fragment surviving at the BFI National Film & Tv Arcive in London.
 Zerograd (Russian: Город Зеро translit. Gorod Zero) is a 1988 Russian mystery film directed by Karen Shakhnazarov. Moscow engineer Alexey Varakin visits small town on a business trip where his adventures begin. He meets a naked secretary at a local factory a prosecutor who wants to commit a crime and other strange characters.
 Beyond the Door III also known as Amok Train and Death Train is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Jeff Kwitny. This third and final film into the Beyond the Door trilogy like its predecessor Beyond the Door II is a sequel in-name-alone.
 The Sessions (originally titled The Surrogate) is a 2012 American independent drama film written and directed by Ben Lewin. It is based on the article On Seeing a Sex Surrogate by Mark O'Brien a poet paralyzed from the neck down due to polio who hired a sex surrogate to lose his virginity. John Hawkes and Helen Hunt star as O'Brien and sex surrogate Cheryl Cohen-Greene respectively.The film debuted at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Audience Award (U.S.
 La Rubia Mireya is a 1948 Argentine film.
 Vegucated is a 2011 American documentary film that explores the challenges of converting to a vegan diet. It follows three meat- and cheese-loving New Yorkers who agree to adopt a vegan diet for six weeks. The director interviewed a number of people to participate in this documentary and chose Brian who likes to eat meat and eat out; Ellen a psychiatrist part-time comedian and single mother; and Tesla a college student who lives with her family. In the film Dr.
 Motorpsycho or Motor Psycho is a 1965 film by Russ Meyer. Made just before the better-known Faster Pussycat! Kill! Kill! (1965) the film explores similar themes of sex and violence. This film deals with a male motorcycle gang unlike the female gang of go-go dancers in Faster Pussycat! Kill! Kill! The film is notable for containing one of the first portrayals of a disturbed Vietnam veteran character.
 Jihne Mera Dil Luteya (Punjabi: ਜੀਹਨੇ ਮੇਰਾ ਦਿਲ ਲੁੱਟਿਆ) is a 2011 Punjabi Film directed by Mandeep Kumar with story and screenplay by Dheeraj Rattan produced by Batra Showbiz Pvt. Ltd. and starring Diljit Dosanjh Gippy Grewal Neeru Bajwa Binnu Dhillon.
 The Great Caruso is a 1951 biographical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starring Mario Lanza in the title role. It was directed by Richard Thorpe and produced by Joe Pasternak with Jesse L. Lasky as associate producer from a screenplay by Sonya Levien and William Ludwig. The original music was by Johnny Green and the cinematography by Joseph Ruttenberg. Costume design was by Helen Rose and Gile Steele.The film is a highly fictionalized biography of the life of tenor Enrico Caruso.
 Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol is the fourth comedy film in the Police Academy series. It was released in 1987.A group of Police Academy graduates are sent to train a group of newly recruited civilian officers. The original Police Academy cast reprise their roles in the film. Capt. Harris not seen since the first installment returns as the film's nemesis. In Police Academy 2 and 3 Capt.
 Day of the Fight is a 1951 American short subject documentary film shot in black-and-white and also the first picture directed by Stanley Kubrick. Kubrick financed the film himself and it is based on an earlier photo feature he had done as a photographer for Look magazine in 1949.
 Witchville is a 2010 made for television fantasy-adventure film based on witchcraft in a medieval feudal time period written by John Werner and Amy Krell and directed by Pearry Reginald Teo. The film was released and distributed by Syfy Network and it stars Luke Goss Sarah Douglas MyAnna Buring and Eragon star Ed Speleers. The film premiered on May 22 2010 in the USA via Syfy Channel.
 Treasure Island is a 1972 animated feature film produced by Filmation and released by Warner Bros. in 1972 (the same year as the live action adaptation of the same story starring Orson Welles). In this adaptation Jim Hawkins (Davey Jones) travels with sidekick Hiccup the Mouse.In 1980 the movie was broadcast on NBC.
 Figures of the Night (German:Nachtgestalten) is a 1920 German silent horror film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Paul Wegener Reinhold Schünzel and Erna Morena. The film's art direction was by Hans Dreier. It was filmed at the Babelsberg Studio in Berlin
 My Lucky Star is a 1938 romantic comedy film. This was Norwegian ice-skating Olympic champion Sonja Henie's fourth film.
 Hackers in Wonderland is a 2000 documentary film produced and directed by Russel D about hackers in the United Kingdom. The documentary contains interviews with the hackers revealing what drives them to hack and their opinions about hacktivism.
 King of the Sands is a 2013 historical and biographical film directed by Najdat Anzour with the main characters starring Fabio Testi Bill Fellows in the title roles.
 The Thrill of It All (1963) is a romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison starring Doris Day James Garner Arlene Francis and ZaSu Pitts. The screenplay was written by Larry Gelbart and Carl Reiner. Reiner also plays a cameo as a character actor appearing on TV in various nasty roles.
 Dispara! (English: Outrage!) is a 1993 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura starring Francesca Neri and Antonio Banderas. The story is a revenge tragedy.
 Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha (Love had to happen) is a 1998 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Kajol and Ajay Devgan. The film is a remake of the 1995 Hollywood film French Kiss starring Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline.
 Ya Rab (English: Oh Lord!) is a 2014 Bollywood movie directed by Hasnain Hyderabadwala starring Ajaz Khan Arjumman Mughal Raju Kher Vikram Singh (actor) Imran Hasnee. The film shows the battle between two ideologies. One group represents the Islamic principles of compassion and respect for human life while the other incites youth to avenge alleged atrocities on Muslims.Film Maker Mahesh Bhatt promoted Ya Rab. The film was released on 7 February 2014 through his company Vishesh Films.
 The Story of 1 is a BBC documentary about the history of numbers and in particular the number 1. It was presented by ex-Monty Python member Terry Jones. It was released in 2005.
 Garibaldi the English title of the film originally released as Viva l'Italia! is a 1961 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
 Never Die Alone is a 2004 crime thriller film directed by Ernest R. Dickerson. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Donald Goines.
 Sudden Danger is a 1955 American film directed by Hubert Cornfield starring Bill Elliott and Tom Drake.
 Everyman (German: Jedermann) is a 1961 Austrian drama film directed by Gottfried Reinhardt based on the play written by Hugo von Hofmannsthal. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 34th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother is a 1975 American musical comedy film with Gene Wilder Marty Feldman Madeline Kahn Dom DeLuise Roy Kinnear and Leo McKern. The film was Wilder's directorial debut from his own original script.Douglas Wilmer and Thorley Walters appear as Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson respectively.
 Stop the Pounding Heart is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Roberto Minervini. It is a co-production between the United States Italy and France and had a special screening at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Braker is a 1985 American TV movie starred by Carl Weathers and Joseph Bottoms in the main roles. It was intended as a pilot for a series which was never produced. It was broadcast by ABC Network on April 28 1985. The plot depicts the investigation for a murder in the world of music industry and adult films.
 For the 2005 film see Fantastic Four (film). For the reboot in development see Fantastic Four in film – Reboot.The Fantastic Four is an unreleased superhero film completed in 1994. It was produced by low-budget specialist Roger Corman and Bernd Eichinger who went on to produce another Fantastic Four movie in 2005.
 Tom et Lola (English: Tom and Lola) is a French film about two ten-year-olds who have always lived isolated in sterile hermetically sealed plastic bubbles due to an (unspecified) immune-deficiency disease however neither their environment or the hospital technicians can keep down the indomitable spirit of these children. Nor can anything stop their quest to one day run truly free unbound from the medical shackles that bind them.
 Carol's Journey (Spanish: El viaje de Carol) is a 2002 Spanish drama film directed by Imanol Uribe.
 Wind Across the Everglades is a 1958 film directed by Nicholas Ray. Ray was fired from the film before production was finished and several scenes were completed by screenwriter Budd Schulberg who also supervised the editing.The film features Christopher Plummer in his first lead role (and his second film role overall) and in a minor role Peter Falk in his film debut.
 Rencontres internationales du documentaire de Montreal also known by the acronym RIDM is Montreal Canada's international documentary film festival.The RIDM (literally Documentary International Meetings of Montreal) was founded in 1998 by documentary filmmakers who wanted to create a platform for new perspectives and innovative practices in documentary film.
 Tumultes is a 1990 French-Belgian drama film directed by Bertrand Van Effenterre. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kill the Love (Hangul: 그들만의 세상; RR: Geudeulmanui sesang) is a 1996 South Korean crime drama film.
 Mr. Duplicate is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Diganth and Prajwal Devaraj in the lead roles. Sheetal Injudhan Khan a new comer is the main female lead. The film is directed by veteran Kodlu Ramakrishna. Mano Murthy is the music director of the film. Kashyap Dakoju has produced the film under the banner Real Wealth venture productions. The film is a remake of 2001 Tamil hit Minnale starring R. Madhavan Abbas and Reema Sen.
 Along Came Polly is a 2004 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John Hamburg starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston in the lead roles.
 Gnarr is a 2010 Icelandic documentary film directed by Gaukur Úlfarsson.
 Jacobo Ortis is a 1916 Italian silent drama film directed by Giuseppe Sterni and based on the novel Le ultime lettere di Jacopo Ortis by Ugo Foscolo. It was the debut film of Paola Borboni.
 Jonathan degli orsi (internationally released as Jonathan of the Bears) is a 1993 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. It was coproduced and filmed in Russia where it was released as Месть - белого индейца (Revenge of the White Indian).
 The Price of Life (Croatian: Cijena života) is a 1994 Croatian film directed by Bogdan Žižić.
 Look at Me (French: Comme une image) is a 2004 drama film directed by Agnès Jaoui. The movie won Best Screenplay award at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival. The movie features a clip from the 1948 film Blood on the Moon.
 Dead Space is a 1991 science-fiction film involving the crew members of a space station orbiting Saturn when they face a killer virus.In 2010 Shout! Factory released the film on DVD packaged as a double feature with The Terror Within as part of the Roger Corman Cult Classics collection.
 Parasite is a 1982 horror/science fiction film starring Demi Moore in her first major film role.
 Gotta Kick It Up! is a Disney Channel Original Movie. In the US it was first aired July 26 2002. It is based on a true story of a middle school dance team.
 And Women Shall Weep is a 1960 British drama film directed by John Lemont and starring Ruth Dunning Max Butterfield and Richard O'Sullivan. A mother tries to prevent her younger son being led astray by his delinquent elder brother.
 But Not in Vain (Dutch name Niet Tevergeefs) is a 1948 Anglo-Dutch World War II drama directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Raymond Lovell. The film is set in 1944 in the occupied Netherlands and was shot at the Cinetone Studios in Amsterdam with exterior filming taking place at locations in and around the city. The film also incorporates authentic wartime footage filmed by members of the Dutch Resistance.
 Private Duty Nurses is a 1971 film written and directed by George Armitage. It is a sequel to The Student Nurses (1970) for New World Pictures. Roger Corman says they got the idea for the title after being sent a letter of complaint about the first film from the Private Duty Nurses Association.The film was followed by Night Call Nurses (1972).
 High Society is a 1956 American musical comedy film directed by Charles Walters and starring Bing Crosby Grace Kelly and Frank Sinatra. The film was produced by Sol C. Siegel for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and shot in VistaVision and Technicolor with music and lyrics by Cole Porter.
 The Saint Takes Over released in 1940 by RKO Pictures was the fifth of eight films in RKO's film series about Simon Templar a.k.a. The Saint the Robin Hood-inspired crimefighter created by Leslie Charteris. George Sanders returned as Templar with Wendy Barrie playing his latest romantic interest in her second of three appearances in the Saint film series (playing a different role each time).
 En Thangai (Tamil: என் தங்கை) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1952.
 Touchdown is a 1931 football movie directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Richard Arlen Peggy Shannon Jack Oakie and Regis Toomey. Jim Thorpe and Herman Brix appear as unbilled football players.
 Hidden Pleasures (Spanish: Los placeres ocultos) is a 1977 drama film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia. The script was written by de la Iglesia Rafael Sánchez Campoy and Gonzalo Goicoechea with the working title La cera de enfrente (The sidewalk in front) considered too daring for its time the title was changed upon release.
 Thalattu Ketkuthamma is a 1991 Tamil drama film directed by Raj Kapoor making his directorial debut. The film features Prabhu and Kanaka in lead roles. The film produced by Vijayalakshmi Srinivasan and Kanchana Sivaraman had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 5 November 1991. The film completed a 100-day run.
 La tigre è ancora viva: Sandokan alla riscossa! is a 1977 Italian adventure film directed by Sergio Sollima and starring Kabir Bedi.
 School Begins is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 79th Our Gang short that was released and is considered to be lost.
 Betrayed is a 1988 motion picture drama directed by Costa-Gavras written by Joe Eszterhas and starring Tom Berenger and Debra Winger. The film is roughly based upon the White separatist terrorist activities of American neo-Nazi Robert Mathews and his group The Order.
 Remember Me My Love (Ricordati di me) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Gabriele Muccino.Tagline: Some loves are never forgotten.
 A Union in Wait is a 2001 documentary film about same-sex marriage directed by Ryan Butler. It was the first documentary about same-sex marriage to air on national television in the United States.
 Crazy Thunder Road (狂い咲きサンダーロード Kuruizaki Sandā Rōdo) is a 1980 Japanese punk-action-biker film written and directed by Sōgo Ishii. Ishii made the film as his graduation project whilst studying at Nihon University and was subsequently distributed by Toei Studios.
 Bewitched is a 1945 American film noir directed and written by Arch Oboler. The drama features Phyllis Thaxter and Edmund Gwenn.
 Los hijos de María Morales (The Children of Maria Morales) is a 1952 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Old Gray Hoss is a 1928 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 78th Our Gang short that was released.
 Young Buffalo Bill is a 1940 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Dark Night of the Scarecrow is a 1981 made-for-television suspense/horror film directed by veteran novelist Frank De Felitta (author of Audrey Rose) from a script by J.D. Feigelson. Feigelson's intent had been to make an independent feature but his script was bought by CBS for television; despite this only minor changes were made to the original screenplay.
 Sexmission (Polish: Seksmisja) is a 1984 cult Polish comedy science fiction action film. It also contains a hidden political satire layer specific to the time and place of its production.
 The Hunted is a 1995 film written and directed by J. F. Lawton starring Christopher Lambert John Lone and Joan Chen. The score features music by the Japanese taiko troupe Kodō.
 Surviving Sid is a 2008 computer-animated short film from Blue Sky Studios starring Sid the Sloth of Ice Age and a cameo appearance by Scrat. It is the third in the series of Ice Age short films the other two being Gone Nutty and No Time for Nuts. Unlike the first two Ice Age short films Surviving Sid focuses on Sid and a small group of camping children. Directed by Galen Tan Chu and Karen Disher the short premiered on December 9 2008 on the Horton Hears a Who! DVD and Blu-ray.
 My Life in Ruins (UK title: Driving Aphrodite) is a 2009 romantic comedy film set amongst the ruins of ancient Greece starring Nia Vardalos Richard Dreyfuss Alexis Georgoulis Rachel Dratch Harland Williams and British comedy actor and impressionist Alistair McGowan. The film is about a tour guide whose life takes a personal detour while her group gets entangled in comic situations among the ruins with a series of unexpected stops along the way.
 Overland Mail (1942) is a Universal movie serial starring Lon Chaney Jr. Noah Beery Jr. and Noah Beery Sr. which was subsequently edited into a film version called The Indian Raiders in 1956.
 The Naughty Nineties is a 1945 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. It is notable for containing perhaps the best recorded rendition of the team's classic Who's on First? routine. This version is shown at the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown.
 Broadway Limited is a 1941 American film directed by Gordon Douglas. The film takes its name from the Broadway Limited train that the Pennsylvania Railroad used to run between New York and Chicago.
 First Sunday is a 2008 American comedy film written produced and directed by David E. Talbert and produced by Ice Cube who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Katt Williams and Tracy Morgan. The film was released in the United States on January 11 2008.
 Sleeping Dogs is a 1977 film based on the book Smith's Dream by C. K. Stead and is the first feature film by director Roger Donaldson.
 Operation Duryodhana is a 2007 Telugu political film loosely inspired by the 2005 sting operation of the same name. The movie was written and directed by Posani Krishna Murali starring Meka Srikanth in lead role. Srikanth has earned a nomination for Filmfare Best Actor – Telugu for his portrayal in the movie.
 Children of the Revolution is a 2010 documentary by Irish filmmaker Shane O'Sullivan about Ulrike Meinhof and Fusako Shigenobu leaders of the German Red Army Faction and the Japanese Red Army.Inspired by the student revolutions of 1968 and appalled by the killing in Vietnam Meinhof and Shigenobu set out to destroy capitalist power through world revolution.
 Rendella Tharuvatha (English : After Two Years ) is a 2005 Indian Thriller Film directed by K.B.Anand shot in Telugu. The film marked Tollywood new generation actors Gopichand Lagadapati  Sreeram Gokul Danush.K.P in the lead roles along with Sreeji.
 Something Wicked is a 2014 independent psychological thriller film directed by Darin Scott and starring Shantel VanSanten Brittany Murphy and Julian Morris. The film follows a young woman who is tormented after a tragic accident which led to the death of her parents. The film marks Brittany Murphy's final role before her death in December 2009. Filming took place between April and June 2009 in Eugene Oregon.
 Bin Phere Hum Tere is a 1979 Bollywood drama film directed by Rajat Rakshit. The film stars Asha Parekh and Vinod Mehra.
 Too Many Husbands (released in the United Kingdom as My Two Husbands) is a 1940 romantic comedy film about a woman who loses her husband in a boating accident and remarries only to have her first spouse reappear -- yet another variation on the poem Enoch Arden. The film stars Jean Arthur Fred MacMurray and Melvyn Douglas and is based on the 1919 play Home and Beauty by W. Somerset Maugham which was retitled to Too Many Husbands when it came to New York.
 The Name of the Band Is Cowboy Mouth is a live concert by the band Cowboy Mouth released on DVD on November 20 2007. It is the first DVD and second video of the band the first being 1996's 'Alive' on VHS. In addition they appear in a scene in the 1995 movie Underneath. The DVD was recorded in front of a packed house at the Roxy On Sunset in Hollywood California during the summer of 2007. The title is a pun on a live concert by Talking Heads.
 The Case of the Stuttering Bishop is a 1937 drama film directed by William Clemens. It stars Donald Woods as Perry Mason and Ann Dvorak as his secretary. Edward McWade plays the role of stuttering Bishop William Mallory. It is the sixth and final film in Warner Brothers' Perry Mason series.
 Worried About the Boy is a 2010 television drama film centred around the life of Boy George. It starred Douglas Booth as Boy George and Mathew Horne as lover Jon Moss. It was shown on BBC2 in 2010 as part of 80s season. It is directed by Julian Jarrold and written by Tony Basgallop.
 The Inheritors (Spanish: Los herederos) is a 1970 Argentine drama film directed by David Stivel. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Gamera: Guardian of the Universe (ガメラ 大怪獣空中決戦 Gamera: Daikaijū Kuchu Kessen Gamera: Giant Monster Midair Battle) is a 1995 Science fiction Kaiju film directed by Shusuke Kaneko and written by Kazunori Itō. It is a reboot of the Gamera film franchise taking the character and franchise in a much more serious and darker direction as opposed to the campy tone of the original films. Rather than aiming for a children audience the film was aimed to target a more mature audience.
 Olympia is a 1938 film by Leni Riefenstahl documenting the 1936 Summer Olympics held in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin Germany. The film was released in two parts: Olympia 1. Teil — Fest der Völker (Festival of Nations) and Olympia 2. Teil — Fest der Schönheit (Festival of Beauty). It was the first documentary feature film of the Olympic Games ever made.
 En cuerpo y alma is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Open Grave is a horror suspense film directed by Gonzalo López-Gallego.
 Spread is a 2009 comedy-drama film starring Ashton Kutcher and Anne Heche and directed by David Mackenzie. The film was released under the name L.A. Gigolo in Denmark Finland Norway and Sweden as Toy Boy in France Germany Italy and the Netherlands Oh yeah in Argentina as American Playboy in Spain and Portugal Jogando com Prazer in Brazil Love Sex and Celebrity in Japan and S-Lover in South Korea.
 Tough Guys Don't Dance is a 1987 crime mystery comedy-drama film written and directed by Norman Mailer based on his novel of the same name. It is a murder mystery/film noir piece that was scorned by audiences and critics alike. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.The script had revisions done by Chinatown and Last Woman on Earth scribe/script doctor Robert Towne.
 Kisses for My President is a 1964 comedy film directed by Curtis Bernhardt starring Fred MacMurray and Polly Bergen. Leslie McCloud (Bergen) makes history when she is elected the first female President of the United States. However her husband Thad McCloud (MacMurray) is less enthusiastic.
 Blast of Silence is an American crime/thriller film released in 1961. It was written and directed by Allen Baron and produced by Merrill Brody who was also the cinematographer.
 Resurrection is a 1980 film which tells the story of a woman who survives the car accident which kills her husband but discovers that she has the power to heal other people. She becomes an unwitting celebrity the hope of those in desperate need of healing and a lightning rod for religious beliefs and skeptics.
 Side Street is a 1929 black-and-white talking film featuring the only screen teaming of all three Moore Brothers (Tom Owen and Matt) each of them major silent film stars. George Raft also makes an uncredited appearance as a professional dancer—which Raft was at the time—dancing to the song Take a Look at Her Now sung by June Clyde. Side Street was directed and co-written by Malcolm St. Clair.
 One Day in Europe is a 2005 film directed by Hannes Stöhr. The film was nominated for Golden Bear award at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival.
 Something Borrowed is a 2011 American romantic comedy film based on Emily Giffin's book of the same name directed by Luke Greenfield starring Ginnifer Goodwin Kate Hudson Colin Egglesfield and John Krasinski and was distributed by Warner Bros.
 American Friends is a 1991 British film starring Michael Palin. It was written by Palin and its director Tristram Powell.
 Parapaar (Bengali: পারাপার ) is an upcoming film directed by Sanjoy Nag is based on the Moti Nandy novel. A convict Rudra (Ahmed Rubel) who returns home to his wife (Rituparna Sengupta) and two kids after serving a 14-year jail term. He comes back to find his home-maker wife transformed into a woman who had grown stronger over the years while fending for herself and her kids.The film also stars Paoli Dam and Bratya Basu.
 SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis is a 2007 made-for-television musical comedy film directed by Andrew Overtoom. The film stars Tom Kenny Bill Fagerbakke Rodger Bumpass Clancy Brown Carolyn Lawrence and Mr. Lawrence. The film originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on November 12 2007 following a 12-hour-marathon of SpongeBob SquarePants episodes. The series follows the adventures of the title character in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom.
 Naa Mechida Huduga (Kannada: ನಾ ಮೆಚ್ಚಿದ ಹುಡುಗ) is a 1972 Kannada romantic drama film directed and scripted by R. N. Jayagopal. It is based on the story Divorce In Indian Style written by P. S. Vaidyanathan.The film starred Srinath Kalpana K. S. Ashwath and Leelavathi in lead roles. The music composed by Vijaya Bhaskar was widely appreciated and declared chart-busters.
 Sagat: The Documentary stylized as SAGAT: The Documentary SAGAT - Uncut or just SAGAT (in French Sagat: le documentaire) is a 2011 documentary on pornographic actor gay icon and sex symbol François Sagat about his persona and impact on world culture directed by Pascal Roche and Jérôme M. De Oliveira. It was produced by ADL TV and after an idea by Brenda & Lucy Co.
 Las Mujeres los prefieren tontos is a 1964 Argentine film.
 Lost Years: A People's Struggle for Justice (Chinese: 失去的岁月) is a 2011 documentary directed by Kenda Gee and Tom Radford. The film premiered on December 5 2011 at the Guangzhou International Documentary Film Festival where it won the Best Documentary Award for history and culture. The film has also been shown as a two-part national television mini-series for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
 Sam Whiskey is a 1969 comedy-western film directed by Arnold Laven and starring Burt Reynolds - one of his earlier films that began his climb to super stardom in the 1970s. Angie Dickinson Clint Walker and Ossie Davis co-star.The film was one of the first to have a scene cut under the newly introduced MPAA ratings system. The version submitted by director Laven to the MPAA included a bare-from-the-waist-up shot of Angie Dickinson.
 One Week is a 2008 Canadian drama film directed by Michael McGowan and starring Joshua Jackson Liane Balaban and Campbell Scott. The film debuted at the Toronto Film Festival on September 8 2008 and was released theatrically on March 6 2009.Jackson plays Ben Tyler who has been diagnosed with cancer. Requiring immediate treatment he instead decides to take a motorcycle trip from Toronto across Canada to Vancouver Island.
 Cirkus Columbia is a 2010 Bosnian drama film starring Miki Manojlović Mira Furlan Boris Ler and Jelena Stupljanin. The film is set in the Herzegovina part of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the early 1990s after the dissolution of Yugoslavia and slightly before the Yugoslav Wars. It tells an emotional story of a man coming back to his hometown after many years abroad and dealing with his past and current family using the political dealings of the region as a backdrop.
 Teenage Devil Dolls (aka One Way Ticket to Hell) is a 1955 American black and white teen crime drama film about a high school graduate whose life spirals out of control when she becomes addicted to heroin.
 El Jinete negro (The Black Rider) is a 1958 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 To Live and Die in L.A. is a 1985 American thriller film directed by William Friedkin and based on the novel by former U.S. Secret Service agent Gerald Petievich who co-wrote the screenplay with Friedkin. The film features William Petersen Willem Dafoe and John Pankow among others. Wang Chung composed and performed the original music soundtrack. The film tells the story of the lengths to which two Secret Service agents go to arrest a counterfeiter.
 Four Girls in Town is a 1957 film.
 Five is an independently made 1951 black-and-white post-apocalyptic science fiction film produced directed and written by Arch Oboler and distributed by Columbia Pictures. The title refers to the number of survivors of an atomic bomb disaster that appears to have wiped out the rest of the human race. According to Robert Osborne of Turner Classic Movies this film is the first to depict the aftermath of such a catastrophe.
 The Grandmaster is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man. The film was directed and written by Wong Kar-wai and starred Tony Leung as Ip Man. It was released on 8 January 2013 in China. It was the opening film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013. The film was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival.
 24 Hrs is a 2010 Malayalam action thriller film directed by debutant Aditya Sam Abraham. The movie stars debutant Kuldeep with Manoj K. Jayan in the lead roles. The film is based on a story by the director Aditya Sam Abraham himself.
 The Brown Wallet is a 1936 British crime film directed by Michael Powell and starring Patric Knowles. The Brown Wallet adapted from a short story by Stacy Aumonier was one of over 20 quota quickies directed by Powell between 1931 and 1936. It is among eleven of these films of which no extant print is known to survive and its current status is missing believed lost.
 2 Rats is a 2003 Nigeria film.Nollywood's highest paid actors Osita Iheme (A-boy) and Chinedu Ikedieze (Bobo) are two young boys whose father has been murdered by their uncle. In a selfish move Amaechi Muonagor wants them to work as house boys in their father's own house. A-boy and Bobo have other plans. The film features performances by Aki na Pawpaw and can be dubbed as Nollywood's Home Alone.
 A Very Serious Person is a 2006 drama film directed by Charles Busch.
 Remember the Day is a 1941 film made by 20th Century Fox directed by Henry King and starring Claudette Colbert and John Payne
 Suzanne's Career is a 1963 film by Éric Rohmer. The original French title is La Carrière de Suzanne. It is the second movie in the series of the Six Moral Tales.
 Sleeper is a 1973 futuristic comic science fiction film written by Woody Allen and Marshall Brickman and directed by Allen. The plot involves the adventures of the owner (played by Woody Allen) of a health food store who is cryogenically frozen in 1973 and defrosted 200 years later in an ineptly-led police state. The film contains many elements which parody notable works of science fiction.
 Sky Riders is a 1976 American action film directed by Douglas Hickox and starring James Coburn Susannah York and Robert Culp. A woman and her children are kidnapped in Athens and held in a mountain-top monastery as hostages by a revolutionary terrorist movement.
 Snow White and the Three Stooges is the second feature film to star the Three Stooges after their 1959 resurgence in popularity. By this time the trio consisted of Moe Howard Larry Fine and Joe DeRita (dubbed Curly Joe). Released by 20th Century Fox this was the trio's take on the classic fairy tale Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
 Vic and Flo Saw a Bear (French: Vic et Flo ont vu un ours) is a 2013 Canadian drama film directed by Denis Côté. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Alfred Bauer Prize.The film stars Romane Bohringer and Pierrette Robitaille as Vic and Flo lesbian lovers and former convicts who settle in the countryside of Quebec after Vic is released from prison.
 The Texas Rangers is a 1936 action Western film directed by King Vidor and starring Fred MacMurray and Jack Oakie. The picture was nominated for Best Sound (Franklin B. Hansen) at the 1936 Oscars.The movie involves two out-of-luck Texas Rangers who must arrest an old friend turned outlaw. The supporting cast features Lloyd Nolan and George Gabby Hayes.
 Kini and Adams is a 1997 Burkinabé drama film directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo. It was filmed in Zimbabwe in the English language.
 Forgetting the Girl is an independent film directed by Nate Taylor adapted for the screen by Peter Moore Smith from his short story of the same name. It wrapped principal photography in August 2009 finished post-production in January 2012. The film had its world premiere at the Cinequest film festival on March 2 2012.
 The Girl from Jones Beach is a 1949 Comedy directed by Peter Godfrey starring Ronald Reagan and Virginia Mayo. Sensing a terrific promotional angle Reagan ingratiates himself with the girl and attempts to secure her services for a series of cheesecake poses.
 Le vieux fusil (English title: The Old Gun aka Vengeance One by One) is a 1975 French film directed by Robert Enrico and starring Philippe Noiret Romy Schneider and Jean Bouise. It won the 1976 César Award for Best Film Best Actor and Best Music and was nominated for best director supporting actor writing cinematography editing and sound. The film is based on the Massacre of Oradour-sur-Glane in 1944.
 That Girl in Pinafore (Chinese: 我的朋友 我的同学 我爱过的一切; literally My friend my classmate all that I've ever loved) is a 2013 Singaporean comedy-musical film directed by Chai Yee Wei and starring Julie Tan Daren Tan Jayley Woo Hayley Woo Kenny Khoo Seah Jiaqing and Kelvin Mun
 Thangathin Thangam is a 1990 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Siraaj starring Ramarajan and Raagasudha in lead roles.
 Choke is a 2008 black comedy film written and directed by Clark Gregg. The film stars Sam Rockwell and Anjelica Huston. Production took place in New Jersey in 2007. It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was purchased by Fox Searchlight Pictures for distribution. The film was released on September 26 2008 and the DVD was released on February 17 2009.The film is based on the 2001 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk.
 The Master Mind ..(*aka as Sinners Three) is a lost 1920 silent film crime/drama produced by Whitman Bennett and released by Associated First National Pictures later just First National Pictures). Kenneth Webb directed and Lionel Barrymore stars. It is based on a 1913 play The Master Mind by playwright Daniel David Cohen also known as Daniel D. Carter.
 Yakuza Weapon (極道兵器 Gokudō Heiki) is a 2011 Japanese film directed and written by Tak Sakaguchi and Yūdai Yamaguchi. Based on the manga by Ken Ishikawa the film is about Shozo Iwaki (Tak Sakaguchi) who works as a mercenary in South America. Iwaki is informed of the death of his gang boss dad and discovers his former Yakuza henchman is involved in a double-cross.
 Samskara (Kannada: ಸಂಸ್ಕಾರ) is a 1970 Kannada film written by U. R. Ananthamurthy and directed by Pattabhi Rama Reddy. It is said to have been a path-breaking venture and is supposed to have pioneered the parallel cinema movement in Kannada. The word samskara means ritual in the Kannada language. Samskara garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film for 1970.
 Off Screen is a 2005 Dutch thriller directed by Pieter Kuijpers.
 That Night in London is a 1932 British crime film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Robert Donat Pearl Argyle Miles Mander and Roy Emerton.
 The Young Will Live (Greek: O neoi theloun na zisoun) is a 1965 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tzimas. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival.
 La Modelo de la calle Florida is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Julio Irigoyen. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 Mr. Pellam or Mister Pellam (English translation: Mr. Wife) is a 1993 Telugu Comedy film directed by Bapu. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu.
 Black Fury is a 1935 American crime film starring Paul Muni Karen Morley and William Gargan. It was adapted by Abem Finkel and Carl Erickson from the short story Jan Volkanik by Judge Michael A. Musmanno and the play Bohunk by Harry R. Irving.
 The Last Chase is a 1981 dystopian science fiction film starring Lee Majors Burgess Meredith and Chris Makepeace and directed by Martyn Burke. It was produced by Argosy Films.
 Chasing Ghosts: Beyond the Arcade is a documentary film directed by Lincoln Ruchti about the golden age of video arcade games. The film premiered January 22 2007 at the Sundance Film Festival and has also been shown at the 2007 Los Angeles Film Festival as well as other film festivals. The film is available to view on Amazon Instant Video.
 Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story is a 1993 American biographical drama film written and directed by Rob Cohen and starring Jason Scott Lee Lauren Holly and Robert Wagner. The film was released in the United States on May 7 1993.The film tells the story of actor and martial artist Bruce Lee. Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story was dedicated to Bruce and his son Brandon Lee who died to two months earlier while performing in his last film The Crow
 The Blue Yonder is a 1985 American science-fiction adventure film. It was directed by Mark Rosman written by Mark Rosman produced by Alan Shapiro and Annette Handley and starred Peter Coyote Huckleberry Fox Art Carney Dennis Lipscomb and Joe Flood. The film tells the story of Jonathan Knicks (Fox) a 11 year old who is accidentally sent back in time from 1985 to 1927 by a time machine built by his neighbor Henry Coogan (Carney).
 Nobelity is a feature documentary which looks at the world's most pressing problems through the eyes of Nobel laureates including Desmond Tutu Sir Joseph Rotblat Ahmed Zewail and Wangari Maathai. The film was premiered at the 2006 SXSW Film Festival and was the first of several sold-out screenings at Austin's 1200-seat Paramount Theatre. The film has continued to be shown in theaters at universities and schools and in community centers and churches as well as being released on DVD.
 Namma Basava is a Kannada language film starring Puneet Rajkumar and Gowri Munjal it was her debut in the Kannada film industry.
 A Chairy Tale (French: Il était une chaise) is a 1957 stop-motion pixilation short film co-directed by Norman McLaren and Claude Jutra and starring Jutra and a most uncooperative chair. The film humorously portrays Jutra's attempts to sit on the chair - and it on him - set to the music of Ravi Shankar and Chatur Lal.The film begins with a seemingly normal chair onscreen. Jutra enters carrying a book and attempts to sit in the chair so he can read his book.
 A.W.O.L. is an American motion picture that was released in 2007. It was written by Shane Black (under the pseudonym Holly Martins) produced by Jessica Wethington and directed by Jack Swanstrom. It stars David Morse John C. McGinley and Caroline Kristiahn.
 The Desert Hawk is a 1950 fantasy adventure film starring Yvonne De Carlo Richard Greene Jackie Gleason and Rock Hudson.
 Cross Currents is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ian Colin Marjorie Hume and Evelyn Foster. The film was made as a quota quickie supporting feature for distribution by Paramount to allow them to meet the annual quota established by the British government. Much of the film was shot on location in Cornwall.A Devon Vicar mistakenly comes under suspicion of murdering a rival in love. It was based on the novel Nine Days Blunder by Gerald Elliott.
 Kandisha is a 2008 Moroccan horror film directed by Jerome Cohen-Olivar starring Amira Casar David Carradine Hiamm Abbass Michael Cohen Saïd Taghmaoui Mourad Zaoui and Assaad Bouab.
 Minchina Ota (Kannada: ಮಿಂಚಿನ ಓಟ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada language heist film directed by Shankar Nag starring his brother Anant Nag and himself.
 Invitation to a Gunfighter is a 1964 Western directed by Richard Wilson starring Yul Brynner and George Segal. It was based on a 1957 teleplay by Larry Klien that appeared on Playhouse 90
 The Lawless Frontier is a 1934 American Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne Sheila Terry George Gabby Hayes and Earl Dwine.
 The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (later retitled The Lion King 2: Simba's Pride) is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated musical romantic drama film produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Walt Disney Animation Australia and released on October 27 1998 by Walt Disney Home Video (aka Buena Vista Home Entertainment). The film is the sequel to the 1994 Disney animated film The Lion King. It was later re-released as a special edition DVD on March 16 2004.
 Cuidado con las imitaciones is a 1948 Argentine film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera.
 Wounded Game (Russian: Подранки translit. Podranki) is a 1977 Soviet drama film directed by Nikolai Gubenko. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Highwayman is a 1951 Cinecolor film based on the poem of the same name by Alfred Noyes. Noyes wrote in his autobiography that he was pleasantly surprised by the fact that in this picture produced in Hollywood the poem itself is used and followed with the most artistic care. Released by Allied Artists who acquired the rights to Noyes' poem the film was released in the same year as Columbia Pictures' Dick Turpin's Ride/The Lady and the Bandit also based on a poem by Noyes.
 Dahasak Sithuvili is a 1968 Sri Lankan film directed by G.D.L. Perera.
 Mary Burns Fugitive is a 1935 American drama film directed by William K. Howard. Sylvia Sidney plays a small-town coffee-shop owner who falls for a gangster ends up in prison and then released in a scheme to trap him.
 For the 1933 UK comedy film see The Medicine Man (1933 film).The Medicine Man (1930) is an American comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke released by Tiffany Joyce and starring Shane Johnsen Betty Bronson and Eva Novak. The son and daughter of a shopkeeper fall in with a travelling medicine man. This was an early role for Jack Benny. After talking pictures took over the silent film vaudeville died and Jack Benny and many other comedians went to motion pictures.
 Cosy Dens (Czech: Pelíšky) is a 1999 Czech film directed by Jan Hřebejk. It is loosely based on the novel Hovno Hoří (Czech: Flaming Feces) by Petr Šabach.
 The Return Of Charlie Chan is a 1973 American film. It stars Ross Martin.
 High Security Vacation (Russian: Каникулы строгого режима) is a 2009 Russian comedy film directed by Igor Zaytsev.
 Cacique Bandeira is a 1975 Argentine film.
 Nevermore German: NimmerMeer is a 2006 film written and directed and co-written by Toke Constantin Hebbeln. The film was largely produced and shot by students of the Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg.
 Shon the Piper is a 1913 American silent short historical romantic drama film directed by Otis Turner and starring Robert Z. Leonard. The film also features Lon Chaney in a supporting role as a Scottish clansman. The film is now considered lost.
 Lust (Arabic: الشوق‎ translit. El Shoq) is a 2011 Egyptian drama film directed by Khaled El Hagar. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Edge of Darkness is a 1943 World War II film directed by Lewis Milestone that features Errol Flynn Ann Sheridan and Walter Huston. The feature is based on a script written by Robert Rossen which was adapted from the novel Edge of Darkness (1942) by William Woods.
 Here Comes the Waves is a 1944 film directed by Mark Sandrich. It stars Bing Crosby and Betty Hutton.
 The Far Frontier is a 1948 American film western starring Roy Rogers.
 Bagavathi is a 2002 Tamil film directed by A. Venkatesh which features Vijay and Reemma Sen in the leading roles. Vadivelu K. Vishwanath Yugendran and Ashish Vidyarthi play other supporting roles while Deva composed the music for the film. Vijay introduced himself as an action hero through this film with firing punch dialogues and crackling style as mass hero.The film opened to mixed reviews and it was declared a hit at the box office.
 Kemper: The CoEd Killer is a 2008 direct-to-video horror film directed by Rick Bitzelberger and written by Jack Perez. The film is loosely based on the murders committed by California serial killer Edmund Kemper.
 Jerry is a 2006 Tamil comedy film. The film was previously titled Idhuthan Kadhal Enbathaa.
 Black Shampoo also known as Sex at the Salon is an American 1976 blaxploitation drama film directed by Greydon Clark and starring John Daniels.
 Rahul (known as Yeh Mera Rahul in India) is an Indian Emotional Drama film directed and produced by Prakash Jha. The film stars Neha Neena Kulkarni and Gulshan Grover are in leadroles.
 Slacker is a 1991 American independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Richard Linklater who also appears in the film. Slacker was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize - Dramatic at the Sundance Film Festival in 1991.In 2012 the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Zabardast is an Indian film directed by Nasir Hussain and produced by Mushir-Riaz released in 1985. The movie stars Sanjeev Kumar Jayapradha Sunny Deol Rajiv Kapoor Rati Agnihotri and Amrish Puri.
 Running Wild (1927) is a silent comedy film featuring W. C. Fields in a film built around his unique talents.
 Final Approach is an action/thriller TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on May 24 2008. The ensemble cast is led by Dean Cain as disgraced FBI hostage negotiator Jack Bender.
 Breaking the Silence: Truth and Lies in the War on Terror is a 2003 Carlton Television documentary written and directed by John Pilger produced by Christopher Martin and co-directed by Steve Connelly. In the film Pilger presents a personal view of the truth and lies in the 'war on terror'.
 The Service Star is an American film released in 1918 and directed by Charles Miller. It stars Madge Kennedy as a young woman who pretends to be the fiancée of a famous flying ace during the First World War. The film was copyrighted under the title The Flag of Mothers and was released in July 1918 four months before the end of the conflict.This film is lost. During its original release it was paired with a short Harold Lloyd comedy in some theaters.
 Yeh Wada Raha is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Sangeeta. This film should not be confused with Yeh Vaada Raha an Indian Hindi film of 1982.
 My Favorite Blonde is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Bob Hope and Madeleine Carroll. Based on a story by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama the film is about a vaudeville performer who gets mixed up with British and German secret agents in the days just before America's entry into World War II. The film features an uncredited cameo appearance by Bing Crosby.
 Letter From Home is a 2000 film starring Tom Vitorino and Kim Savant.
 Razor Sharp is a 2006 short film directed by Marcus Perry and features the acting debut of Cassidy Freeman.
 He Was a Quiet Man is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Frank Cappello. Produced by Jason Hallock and Mike Leahy. The film stars Christian Slater Elisha Cuthbert Jamison Jones and William H. Macy.
 Buriki no kunsho (ブリキの勲章) is a 1981 Japanese film directed by Setsuo Nakayama.
 Rigor Mortis is a 2013 Hong Kong horror film directed by Juno Mak and also produced by Takashi Shimizu. The film is a tribute to the film series Mr. Vampire many of the former cast are featured in this film Chin Siu-ho Anthony Chan Billy Lau and Richard Ng additionally Chung Fat who started in Encounters of the Spooky Kind is also featured.
 Terrorism and Kebab (Arabic: الإرهاب والكباب‎ transliterated: Al-irhab wal kabab) is a popular 1992 Egyptian comedy film starring Adel Imam.
 Judgment Day: Intelligent Design on Trial is an award-winning NOVA documentary on the case of Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District which concentrated on the question of whether or not intelligent design could be viewed as science and taught in school science class.
 Amaanat is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Shatrujiit Paul. The film stars Manoj Kumar Sadhna Balraj Sahni Mehmood Asit Sen Aruna Irani.
 Sleepless (Italian: Non ho sonno) is a 2001 Italian giallo film directed by Dario Argento. The film stars Max von Sydow and Stefano Dionisi and marks Argento's return to the giallo subgenre. The film was another box office success when it opened in Italy taking in over $5019733505 lira ($3280080 US) by the end of its theatrical run.
 The Pregnancy Pact is a 2010 television film directed by Rosemary Rodriguez and starring Thora Birch Madisen Beaty and Camryn Manheim based on the true story of a 2008 media circus surrounding teenagers in Gloucester Massachusetts who allegedly agreed to concurrently give birth and raise their children communally.
 Il Blues della domenica sera is a 1951 Italian short documentary film directed by Valerio Zurlini.
 Cripple Creek is a 1952 Western film.
 Nidhiyude Katha (The Treasure) is an experimental film written and directed by Vijayakrishnan.
 Silent Love (Dutch: Een stille liefde) is a 1977 Dutch drama film written and directed by René van Nie. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Unforgettable Life (also known as Special Operating Room and Illegal Lives) is the first movie concerning premarital pregnancy in China directed by Tian Zhuangzhuang in 1988. It is reported that this film has been banned for 17 years because of its sensitive topic.
 Kochi Rajavu (translated as King of Kochi) is a 2005 Malayalam-language film directed by Johny Antony. It stars Dileep Kavya Madhavan & Rambha.
 Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu is a 1984 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Fazil and starring Nadia Moidu late dancer Padmini and Mohanlal in pivotal roles.
 Prison on Fire II (Chinese: 監獄風雲II逃犯) is a 1991 Hong Kong action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Chow Yun-fat and Roy Cheung. It is the sequel to the 1987's Prison on Fire.
 Idols of Clay is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Mae Murray and David Powell. A copy of the film survives in the Gosfilmofond Archive in Moscow.
 The Brave One is a 2007 American psychological thriller film directed by Neil Jordan produced by Joel Silver and starring Jodie Foster. It was released in the United States on September 14 2007. The film earned Foster a Golden Globe nomination for leading actress in a drama.
 Anmol is a 1993 Indian film directed by Ketan Desai. The plot follows a Cinderella story where Anmol is name of the lead actress. The leading actors of this film are Manisha Koirala and Rishi Kapoor.
 A Matter of Taste: Serving Up Paul Liebrandt is a documentary that follows the career of chef Paul Liebrandt over the course of a decade in New York City. Directed by Sally Rowe it premiered on HBO on June 13 2011.
 Killer Dill is a 1947 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins.
 Carl Th. Dreyer: My Metier (Danish: Carl Th. Dreyer: Min metier) is a 1995 Danish documentary film directed by Torben Skjødt Jensen about the film career of Carl Theodor Dreyer.
 The Devil at 4 O'Clock is a 1961 American disaster film starring Spencer Tracy and Frank Sinatra and directed by Mervyn LeRoy. Based on a 1959 novel with the same title by British writer Max Catto the film was a precursor to the disaster films of the 1970s such as The Poseidon Adventure Earthquake and The Towering Inferno.
 Curse of the Maya (also known as Dawn of the Living Dead and Evil Grave: Curse of the Maya) is a 2004 horror film written directed by and starring David Heavener.
 The Groundsman is a BAFTA winning short graduation film produced by the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland. Written & Directed by Jonny Blair Starring David O'Hara.
 The Narrows is an American 2008 independent film starring Kevin Zegers Sophia Bush Vincent D'Onofrio Eddie Cahill and Monica Keena.
 City Across the River is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Maxwell Shane and starring Stephen McNally Thelma Ritter Luis Van Rooten and Jeff Corey.
 El Grito de Celina is a 1976 Argentine film.
 Retour à Gorée (English: Return to Gorée) is a 2007 musical documentary road movie directed by Pierre-Yves Borgeaud featuring singer Youssou N'Dour's journey along the trail left by slaves and by the jazz music they invented. Youssou N'Dour's challenge is to bring back to Africa a jazz repertoire and to sing those tunes in Goree the island that today symbolizes the slave trade and stands to commemorate its victims.
 The Mother is a 2003 British film directed by Roger Michell.
 Identity is a 2003 whodunit-style horror film directed by James Mangold from a screenplay written by Michael Cooney.
 Join the Flumeride is a 1998 Swedish mockumentary. The plot revolves around two fictional bands Gula Tidningen and Pincette which are parodies of Swedish pop groups Gyllene Tider and Roxette respectively. The film features a cameo by Per Gessle the lead vocalist of Gyllene Tider and one half of the duo Roxette. The title is a takeoff on the lyrics Roxette's hit 1991 single Joyride.
 Another Promise (Hangul: 또 하나의 약속; RR: Ddo Hanaui Yaksok) is a 2014 South Korean film based on the true story about the legal battle between Korean conglomerate Samsung and its employees who contracted leukemia.It is the first film in Korean cinematic history to have been both invested and produced solely by crowdfunding.
 Willie's Magic Wand is a 1907 British short silent comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring a young boy terrorising the household with his father's magic wand.
 Amen is a 2013 Malayalam-language Indian romantic musical satire film written by P. S. Rafeeque and directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery. The film stars Fahadh Faasil Indrajith Sukumaran Swati Reddy Natasha Sahgal and Rachana Narayanankutty in lead roles.The film revolves around the events that happen in a picturesque Kuttanadan village following the arrival of a young priest Vincent Vattolli (Indrajith Sukumaran).
 Road to the Stars — Soviet science fiction film (Russian: Дорога к звёздам 1957). Combines elements of science educational films and science fiction feature films.
 Tamizhariyum Perumal (Tamil: தமிழ் அறியும் பெருமாள்) is a Tamil language film starring V. A. Chellappa M. G. Ramachandran and M. R. Santhanalakshmi in the lead roles. The film was released in 1942.
 The Coast Guard (해안선 - Haeanseon) is a 2002 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-duk. The film deals with military atrocities and the absurdities of borders and conflicts.
 Darling Darling Darling is a Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj.
 Velaiyilla Pattadhari (English: Unemployed Graduate) is an upcoming Indian Tamil romance film written directed and filmed by Velraj who makes his directorial debut. The film features Dhanush who is also the producer in the lead role along with Amala Paul while Samuthirakani and Saranya Ponvannan play supporting roles. Dhanush's 25th film it has music composed by Anirudh Ravichander.
 Crayon Shin-chan: Serious Battle! Robot Dad Strikes Back (クレヨンしんちゃん ガチンコ!逆襲のロボ とーちゃん Kureyon Shin-chan: Gachinko! Gyakushu no Robo To-chan) is an 2014 Japanese anime film produced by Shin-Ei Animation. It is the 22nd film of the popular comedy manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan released in Japanese theatres on 19 April 2014. It is directed by Wataru Takahashi and the script is written by Kazuki Nakashima of Kill la Kill.
 Dance Girl Dance is a film released in 1940 and directed by Dorothy Arzner.In 2007 Dance Girl Dance was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant describing it as Arzner's most intriguing film and a meditation on the disparity between art and commerce.
 La Herencia is a 1964 Argentine film.
 The Screaming Skull is a 1958 American horror film directed by Alex Nicol. The film stars John Hudson Peggy Webber Russ Conway and Nicol. The film focuses on a neurotic woman who believes she is being haunted by the ghost of her new husband's previous wife. The Screaming Skull marked Nicol's first attempt at directing a picture; he decided to try it because he felt that he was not acting in the roles that he wanted to.
 Another Way (Hungarian: Egymásra nézve) is a 1982 Hungarian film directed by Károly Makk about an affair between two women. It is based on a semi-autobiographical novella Another Love (Törvényen belül) by Erzsébet Galgóczi (1930-89) who co-wrote the screenplay with Makk. It won the Best Actress award at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival for Jadwiga Jankowska-Cieślak and was nominated for the Palme d'Or.
 Murder-Set-Pieces is a 2004 American horror film written produced and directed by Nick Palumbo.
 Ghamandee is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ramesh Bedi for producer Kailash Chander. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty in the lead along with Sarika and Ranjeet.
 The Wooden Camera is a 2003 South African film directed by Ntshavheni wa Luruli.
 Drumroll (Russian: Barabaniada) is a 1993 Russian comedy film directed by Sergei Ovcharov. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George and the Prix of Ecumenical Jury.
 Chalis Karod is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Miss Bluebeard is a surviving 1925 silent film comedy directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bebe Daniels. It is based on a play Little Miss Bluebeard by Avery Hopwood.
 The Spirit Moves: A History of Black Social Dance on Film 1900–1986 is a documentary film by Mura Dehn chronicling the evolution of African-American social dance throughout most of the 20th century. In its original form it consists of nearly six hours of rare archival footage shot over the course of thirty years.
 The Happiness of the Katakuris (カタクリ家の幸福 Katakuri-ke no Kōfuku) is a 2001 film directed by Takashi Miike with screenplay by Kikumi Yamagishi. It is loosely based on the South Korean film The Quiet Family. The film is a surreal horror-comedy in the farce tradition which includes claymation sequences musical and dance numbers a karaoke-style sing-along scene and dream sequences.The film won a Special Jury Prize for its director at the 2004 Gérardmer Film Festival.
 The Promising Boy (Serbo-Croatian: Dečko koji obećava) is a 1981 Yugoslav youth genre film. Strongly influenced by the emerging new wave movement that seemingly challenged many of the established social norms in communist Yugoslavia the movie tells the story of a young man who goes from being a good son to rebellious misfit and back again.It also served as the showcase of sorts for various bands of Yugoslav new wave and punk music scenes.
 Get Real is a 1999 British drama film directed by Simon Shore based on the play What's Wrong With Angry? by screenwriter Patrick Wilde. The plot is about gay teenager Steven Carter's coming out to the world. The film was shot in and around Basingstoke England.
 Widow Apartment: Big Tits' Aching Night (未亡人アパート　巨乳のうずく夜 Mibōjin Apaato: Kyonyū no Uzuku Yoru) is a 2007 Japanese pink film written and directed by Yumi Yoshiyuki and starring Sakurako Kaoru. It was given Honorable Mention in the Best Film category of the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Yoshiyuki filmed Widow Apartment: Big Tits' Aching Night for her own Office Yoshiyuki production company and it was released theatrically in Japan by OP Eiga on February 2 2007.
 Lonely Hearts is a 1982 Australian film directed by Paul Cox which won the 1982 AFI Award for Best Film and was nominated in four other categories.
 Oorkavalan (English: The guard of the place) is a 1987 Tamil film. It was directed by Manobala with music directed by Shankar Ganesh.
 Tales From the Hood is a 1995 horror anthology film directed by Rusty Cundieff and executive produced by Spike Lee. The film presents four short African American-themed horror stories presented within a frame story of three drug dealers buying some found drugs from an eccentric and story-prone funeral director.
 Saptapadii is 2013 Gujarati film produced by Amitabh Bachchan Corporation starring Manav Gohil and Swaroop Sampat in leading roles. Saptapadii (A Businessman’s Wife) is the story of a contemporary Gujarati (Indian) woman who risks her comfortably settled married life of 20 years to do what she believes in. Saptapadii had been released in theatres across India on 1 February 2013 and had a record-breaking run of 12 weeks.
 The Curse (ノロイ Noroi) is a 2005 Japanese horror found footage film in the form of a documentary. The movie was directed by Kôji Shiraishi and is unusually long and complex for the J-Horror genre being just under two hours in length and having a main cast of well over twenty-five characters.
 Another Job for the Undertaker is a 1901 silent fantasy-comedy film made by Edison Studios. It was directed by Edwin Stanton Porter an early film pioneer. It is two minutes in length.
 Annabelle is an upcoming American horror film directed by John R. Leonetti and written by Gary Dauberman. It is a spin-off of The Conjuring. The film stars Annabelle Wallis and Ward Horton. The film will be released worldwide on October 3 2014.
 Vayanadan Thamban is a 1978 Malayalam-language Indian horror feature film directed by A. Vincent and produced by S Hariharan for Sreevigneswara Filims starring Kamal Haasan and Latha in lead roles. Kamal Haasan plays the role of a 100-year old warlock.
 Girls Aloud: Home Truths is a fly on the wall style documentary that was broadcast as a prelude to the group's first full length documentary series Girls Aloud: Off the Record. The programme was first broadcast on October 12 2005 on ITV2.
 Kadhal Azhivathillai (Tamil: காதல் அழிவதில்லை; English: Love Can Never Be Destroyed) is the debut film for Silambarasan as an actor. This film was directed and acted by Vijaya T. Rajendar. This film's stars are Silambarasan and Charmi.
 Opening of the Kiel Canal (also known as Inauguration of the Kiel Canal by Kaiser Wilhelm II) is an 1895 British short black-and-white silent documentary news film directed and produced by Birt Acres.
 Young Bill Hickok is a 1940 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers
 The Fantasticks is a 1995 musical film directed by Michael Ritchie. The screenplay by Tom Jones and Harvey Schmidt is based on their record-breaking off-Broadway production of the same name which ran for 17162 performances (and was subsequently revived off-Broadway).Though it was made in 1995 the film did not see a proper though very limited release until 2000 in an abridged form.
 The Grey Car (Spanish: El automóvil gris ) is a 1919 film directed by Enrique Rosas which is the number 98 in 100 Mexican best movies.
 The Jane Austen Book Club is a 2007 American romantic drama film written and directed by Robin Swicord. The screenplay adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by Karen Joy Fowler focuses on a book club formed specifically to discuss the six novels written by Jane Austen. As they delve into Austen's literature the club members find themselves dealing with life experiences that parallel the themes of the books they are reading.
 Karmegham is a 2002 Tamil drama film directed by S. P. Rajkumar. The film features Mammootty and Radha Ravi in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 2002.
 Dad and Dave Come to Town is a 1938 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall the third in the 'Dad and Dave' comedy series starring Bert Bailey. It was the feature film debut of Peter Finch.
 Natural Born Killers is a 1994 American crime film written and directed by Oliver Stone and starring Woody Harrelson Juliette Lewis Robert Downey Jr. Tom Sizemore and Tommy Lee Jones. The film was released in the United States on August 26 1994.
 Rajaputhran is a 1996 Malayalam action-drama film directed by Shajoon Kariyal. It stars Suresh Gopi and Shobana in the lead roles.
 Horse Feathers (1932) is a Marx Brothers film comedy. It stars the four Marx Brothers (Groucho Chico Harpo and Zeppo) and Thelma Todd. It was written by Bert Kalmar Harry Ruby S. J. Perelman and Will B. Johnstone. Kalmar and Ruby also wrote some of the original music for the film. Several of the film's gags were taken from the Marx Brothers' stage comedy from the 1900s Fun in Hi Skule.
 A Virgin Paradise is a lost 1921 silent film adventure produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring serial queen Pearl White. It was directed by veteran director J. Searle Dawley.
 Asambhav is a Bollywood action thriller directed by Rajiv Rai and produced by Gulshan Rai under Trimurti Films banner. The film was released on 23 July 2004 starring Arjun Rampal and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles. Naseeruddin Shah is featured as the villain with Dipannita Sharma Tom Alter Milind Gunaji and Sharat Saxena playing supporting roles among others.
 Up 'n' Under is a 1998 film adaptation of the John Godber play of the same title.John Godber scripted and made his directorial debut with this adaptation of his play. The film was shot in Cardiff Wales.
 Somewhere I Have Never Traveled is a 2009 film about the lives of and relationship between two teens a high school-aged boy and his younger niece. The movie begins by showing the nature of their relationship to each other their family and what makes them kindred spirits. It then jumps ahead about five years when the boy discovers there is more to life than basketball and working in the family's candy store but his niece is not so sure she likes the new complication.
 Sur (English: South) (1988) is an Argentine drama film written and directed by Fernando E. Solanas. The film features Susú Pecoraro Miguel Ángel Solá Philippe Léotard Lito Cruz Ulises Dumont among others.Following its debut at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival Sur has collected a host of awards from prestigious international film festivals. Sur garnered its director Fernando E. Solanas the Best Director at Cannes in 1988 and was nominated for the Palme d'Or in the same year.
 Call Out the Marines is a 1941 military comedy released by RKO in February 1942. It stars Victor McLaglen and Edmund Lowe playing the same characters with different names that they played in What Price Glory? and several sequels; however the original film trailer mentions What Price Glory? and The Cock-Eyed World. The film features extensive stock footage from RKO's Soldiers of the Sea that in some cases appear on process screens that the actors stand in front of.
 Dorf's Golf Bible is a 1988 comedy film starring Tim Conway Eddie Deezen and Michele Smith along with a special appearance by Sam Snead
 13Hrs is a 2010 British horror film directed by Jonathan Glendening. The film stars Isabella Calthorpe as the main female lead and also features Gemma Atkinson John Lynch Joshua Bowman Antony De Liseo and Tom Felton.
 Broken Barrier is a 1952 New Zealand film. It was directed and produced by John O'Shea (director) and Roger Mirams and written by O'Shea. It starred Kay Ngarimu and Terence Bayler and also featured Myra Hapi Smith Bill Merito and George Ormond.
 Nora Prentiss is a 1947 black-and-white drama film noir directed by Vincent Sherman and starring Ann Sheridan Kent Smith Bruce Bennett and Robert Alda. Sherman also directed leading lady Sheridan in another 1947 film noir The Unfaithful. The cinematography is by cinematographer James Wong Howe and the music was composed by Franz Waxman.
 Grand Central is a 2013 French-Austrian romance film co-written and directed by Rebecca Zlotowski. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where it won the François Chalais Prize.
 A Day with My Son (Hangul: 아들; RR: Adeul; lit. My Son) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 Indian Summer is a 1993 comedy drama film written and directed by Mike Binder. The movie was filmed and set on-location at Camp Tamakwa a summer camp located in Ontario Canada where Binder himself had attended in his childhood. The film features an ensemble cast including film director Sam Raimi a childhood friend of Binder's who plays a supporting role as handyman Stick Coder.
 Manmadhan (Tamil: மன்மதன்) is a 2004 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by A.J. Murugan and Silambarasan Rajendar Silambarasan plays the lead title role. The film has Jyothika enacting the lead female role Goundamani Sindhu Tolani Atul Kulkarni and Santhanam playing supporting roles and guest appearances by Mandira Bedi as a psychologist Brinda Parekh as playgirl and Yana Gupta as a club dancer. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Samba in Berlin (Portuguese: Samba em Berlim) is a 1943 Brazilian musical comedy film directed by Luiz de Barros and starring Mesquitinha Laura Suarez and Dercy Gonçalves. It was part of the popular tradition of Chanchadas aiming to poke fun at Nazi Germany with whom Brazil was now at war.
 Just Imagine is a 1930 science fiction musical comedy directed by David Butler. The film is probably best known for its art direction and special effects in its portrayal of New York City in an imagined 1980.
 Miss Peach: Peachy Sweetness Huge Breasts (ミスピーチ　巨乳は桃の甘み Misu Piichi: kyonyū wa momo no umami) is a 2005 Japanese Pink film directed by Yumi Yoshiyuki. It was chosen as the fifth Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony where Kiichi Katō was also awarded for Best Music. The Pinky Ribbon Award chose the film as the Best Film of the year.Miss Peach: Peachy Sweetness Huge Breasts was AV idol and pink film star Yumika Hayashi's last film.
 Beneath Hill 60 is a 2010 Australian war film directed by Jeremy Sims (credited as Jeremy Hartley Sims) and written by David Roach.Set during World War I the film tells the story of the 1st Australian Tunnelling Company’s effort to mine beneath a German bunker and detonate an explosive charge to aid the advance of British troops.
 Search for Danger is a 1949 American crime film directed by Jack Bernhard and starring John Calvert Albert Dekker and Myrna Dell. The film was the last of three made by the low-budget Film Classics company featuring Calvert as The Falcon who had previously been played by George Sanders and Tom Conway for RKO. The film's art direction was by Boris Leven.
 The Swimmer is a 2013 Australian drama short film written and directed by Giovanni Basso and produced by Magnet Films.It held its US premiere on March 21 2013 at the Gasparilla Film Festival in Florida. As of November 2013 it has been accepted in competition by more than 20 international film festivals including the Hollywood Film Festival the New York City Horror Film Festival and the New Orleans Film Festival. On November 19 2013 it was released worldwide on the iTunes Store.
 Krantiveer is an Indian Bollywood action crime film directed by Mehul Kumar released on 22 July 1994.
 Descente Aux Enfers (Descent Into Hell) is a 1986 French film directed by Francis Girod. This psychological thriller set under the sun and heat of the Caribbean relates the story of a married couple at the breaking point. An alcoholic husband Claude Brasseur and his 20 years younger wife Sophie Marceau unexpectedly manage to get reunited through tragedies and secrets despite the guilt and sorrow involved.
 Neovoxer is an experimental non-dialogue film directed written edited and composed by Michael Pope between the years of 1997 and 2004 in collaboration with hundreds of artists performers and musicians. The film was shot on a variety of media ranging from 35mm film to digitally manipulated video. Live screenings of the film often feature preshow performances from body painted living statues musicians and art installations.
 The Ipcress File is a 1965 British espionage film directed by Sidney J. Furie starring Michael Caine and featuring Guy Doleman and Nigel Green. The screenplay by Bill Canaway and James Doran was based on Len Deighton's 1962 novel The IPCRESS File. It has won critical acclaim and a BAFTA award for best British film. In 1999 it was included at number 59 on the BFI list of the 100 best British films of the 20th century.
 Maathu Tappada Maga (Kannada: ಮಾತು ತಪ್ಪದ ಮಗ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada language film directed by Peketi Sivaram. It stars Anant Nag Sharada Aarathi and Rajnikanth in lead roles.
 Jet Job is a 1952 American adventure film directed by William Beaudine and starring Stanley Clements Elena Verdugo and John Litel.
 Un viaggio chiamato amore (internationally released as A Journey Called Love) is a 2002 Italian romance-drama film directed by Michele Placido.It tells the tormented relationship between the writer Sibilla Aleramo and the poet Dino Campana.The film entered the 59th Venice International Film Festival where Stefano Accorsi was awarded with the Volpi Cup for best actor.
 Héroes de blanco is a 1962 Argentine film.
 Uncle Sam is a 1996 horror film directed by William Lustig and written by Larry Cohen.
 The Dreamer of Oz: The L. Frank Baum Story is a 1990 film that stars John Ritter as Lyman Frank Baum the man who wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and thirteen of the other Oz books. Also starring in this TV movie was Annette O'Toole as Baum's supportive wife Maud and Rue McClanahan as Baum's tough mother-in-law Matilda Gage. John's son Jason Ritter makes his debut[citation needed] in this telefilm as Harry Neal Baum.
 A Woman Scorned is a 1999 short thriller movie released in 1999 starring Marcia Johnson. The plot focuses on a woman's intent to terrorise the family of a rival businessman of her late husband. She is employed by the family after they advertise for a private tutor for their son. After making sexual advance on him she then turns her attention to the rest of the household. Directed by Treva Etienne.
 The Kid from Texas is a 1950 Western starring Audie Murphy as Billy the Kid and details his involvement in the Lincoln County War. It was Murphy's first Western.
 Thanks is a 2011 American comedy film directed by Martin Bergman. The film premiered at the 2011 Palm Springs International Film Festival.
 Mumsie is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Pauline Frederick Nelson Keys and Herbert Marshall. It was adapted from a play by Edward Knoblock about a favourite son of a family who proves to be a coward when war breaks out. Pauline Frederick's last silent film. Mumsie is a lost film. It was made at Twickenham Studios. The film was a major success and helped Herbert Marshall establish himself in Hollywood soon afterwards.
 Il figlio di Spartacus (internationally released as The Slave and The Son of Spartacus) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
 The Proud Twins is a 1979 Hong Kong film adapted from Gu Long's novel Juedai Shuangjiao. The film was directed by Chor Yuen produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starred Alexander Fu and Ng Wai-kwok as the lead characters.
 One Big Holiday is a short documentary film about the band My Morning Jacket and their relationship with their hometown of Louisville Kentucky. Shot over a period of one week in October 2010 it chronicles the preparations of the band as they readied for a homecoming concert in the newly constructed downtown arena. Executive Producer Christopher Guetig was the band's drummer from 2000-2002.
 They Shall Have Music is a 1939 musical film starring famed violinist Jascha Heifetz (as himself) Joel McCrea Andrea Leeds and Gene Reynolds. A young runaway finds his purpose in life after hearing Heifetz play and enrolls in a music school in financial difficulty.
 The Delightful Rogue is a 1929 romantic adventure film produced and distributed by RKO Pictures. The film was directed by A. Leslie Pearce and was based on Wallace Smith's short story A Woman Decides. The film stars Rod La Rocque as a modern day pirate in the south seas as well as Rita La Roy and Charles Byer.
 The Pack (French: La meute) is a 2010 Franco-Belgian horror film directed and written by Franck Richard. It stars Yolande Moreau Philippe Nahon Émilie Dequenne and Benjamin Biolay. The film is about Charlotte and Max who come across a restaurant. After Max disappears Charlotte returns later to find him and gets herself trapped in a cage by the restaurant owner who has a pack of cannibals with her.
 The Warped Ones (狂熱の季節 Kyonetsu no kisetsu aka Season of Heat Wild Love-Makers and The Weird Lovemakers) is a 1960 Japanese Sun Tribe film directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara and starring Tamio Kawachi Eiji Go Yuko Chishiro and Noriko Matsumoto. It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company.
 Blind Rage is a blaxploitation martial arts film from 1978 starring the former all-star football star Fred Williamson Tony Ferrer and D'Urville Martin about 5 blind martial artists pulling off a bank robbery.
 Brooklyn Lobster is a 2005 American drama film presented by Martin Scorsese and written produced and directed by Kevin Jordan. The screenplay is based on Jordan's family's efforts to salvage their Brooklyn-based wholesale and retail seafood operation when the bank defaulted on a loan they had secured to finance a restaurant extension to the business.
 En la trampa (In the Trap) is a 1979 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Blue Chips is a 1994 drama film about basketball directed by William Friedkin written by Ron Shelton and starring Nick Nolte as a college coach and real-life basketball stars Shaquille O'Neal and Anfernee Penny Hardaway as talented finds.It features cameos from noted basketball figures Bob Knight Rick Pitino Nolan Richardson Bob Cousy Larry Bird Jerry Tarkanian Matt Painter Allan Houston Dick Vitale and Jim Boeheim as well as Oscar-winning actor Louis Gossett Jr.
 A Fool's Advice is a 1932 American film directed by Ralph Ceder. The film is also known as His Honor the Mayor (American alternative title) and Meet the Mayor (American reissue title).
 Sherman's March: A Meditation on the Possibility of Romantic Love In the South During an Era of Nuclear Weapons Proliferation is a 1986 documentary film written and directed by Ross McElwee. It was awarded the Grand Jury prize at the 1987 Sundance Film Festival. and in 2000 was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry.
 The Day of the Locust is a 1975 American drama film directed by John Schlesinger and starring William Atherton Karen Black and Donald Sutherland. The screenplay by Waldo Salt is based on the 1939 novel of the same title by Nathanael West. Set in Hollywood California just prior to World War II it depicts the alienation and desperation of a disparate group of individuals whose dreams of success have failed to come true.
 White King Red Queen (Russian: Белый король красная королева; Belyy korol krasnaya koroleva; 1992) is a Russian film. The composer Isaak Schwarz won a Nika Award from the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences for the film's music.
 The Blarney Stone (also known as The Blarney Kiss) is a 1933 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. It also features Anne Grey Robert Douglas Zoe Palmer and Peter Gawthorne. A penniless Irishman becomes the business partner of an English aristocrat with a penchant for high-stakes gambling.
 Due mogli sono troppe is a 1950 Italian World War II war film directed by Mario Camerini.
 Daddy-Long-Legs is a 1919 silent comedy-drama film directed by Marshall Neilan and based on Jean Webster's novel Daddy-Long-Legs. The film stars Mary Pickford.
 Delincuente (in English: Delinquent) is a Mexican motion picture categorized as musical and romance film released in 1985. In this movie the writers looked for pleasing the public of the starring couple since the fans didn't like the idea that Lucerito died in the movie Coqueta.
 Jigsaw is a 1968 mystery film directed by James Goldstone. It stars Harry Guardino and Bradford Dillman.
 The Borrowers is a 1997 British/American live-action comedy film based on the children's novel of the same name by author Mary Norton. In 1998 it was nominated for the title of Best British Film in the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) awards but lost to Gary Oldman's Nil by Mouth. The film also picked up another two nominations and one win in awards.
 The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years is a documentary film directed by Penelope Spheeris about the Los Angeles heavy metal scene from 1986 to 1988. It is the second film of a trilogy by Spheeris depicting life in Los Angeles at various points in time. The first film The Decline of Western Civilization dealt with the punk rock scene during 1979-1980.
 Cecil B. Demented is a 2000 American black comedy film written and directed by John Waters. The film stars Melanie Griffith as a snobby A-list Hollywood actress who is kidnapped by a band of terrorist filmmakers who force her to star in their underground film. Stephen Dorff stars as the eponymous character and leader of the group with Alicia Witt Adrian Grenier Michael Shannon and Maggie Gyllenhaal co-starring as the rest of his gang of filmmakers.
 RocknRolla is a 2008 British crime film written and directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Gerard Butler Tom Wilkinson Thandie Newton Mark Strong Idris Elba Tom Hardy and Toby Kebbell. It was released on 5 September 2008 in the UK hitting #1 in the UK box office in its first week of release.
 We Cellar Children (originally Wir Kellerkinder) is a 1960 West German film directed by Hans-Joachim Wiedermann.
 Scorpio is a 1973 spy film directed by Michael Winner. It stars Burt Lancaster Alain Delon and Paul Scofield.
 De 5 i fedtefadet (German: '5 Freunde in der Tinte') is a Danish-German film directed by Katrine Hedman based on Enid Blyton's Five Get into Trouble. It was released in 1970.
 The Lone Journey (旅路 Tabiji) also known as The Road is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki.Production design was by Takeo Kita and Makoto Sono and sound recording was by Choshichiro Mikami. The lighting technician was Shigeru Mori.
 A Year Ago in Winter (German: Im Winter ein Jahr) is a 2008 German drama film directed by Caroline Link. It is based on the novel Aftermath by American author Scott Campbell tellings the story of a complicated family situation. The painting featured in the film was made by the Munich artist Florian Sussmayr. The film score is composed by Niki Reiser.The film was premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and its theatrical release was on 13 November 2008.
 Fear(s) of the Dark (French: Peur(s) du noir) is a 2007 French black-and-white animated horror anthology film on the subject of fear written and directed by several notable comic book creators and graphic designers. It premiered at the 2007 Roma Film Festival and released in France in February 2008.
 Desarrollo humano is a Spanish 2007 short documentary film.
 The Charmkins is a television movie based on a toyline by Hasbro in the early 80's which was broadcast in 1983.
 She Lives! is a 1973 made-for-television movie about a young couple Andy and Pam (played by Desi Arnaz Jr. and Season Hubley) who meet after Andy places a singles ad in his college newspaper. Pam advises him to put a response to her letter in the Who's Next album at a local record store. He does and they meet. They are instantly attracted to each other and in the next scene they are living together.
 Police Story 2 (Chinese: 警察故事續集 aka Jackie Chan's Police Story 2) is a 1988 Hong Kong buddy cop action crime comedy film written directed by and starring Jackie Chan as Chan Ka-kui. It is a sequel to the hit 1985 film Police Story continuing the storyline of Chan's character Kevin Chan Ka-kui.
 Impatient Maiden (1932) is a drama film directed by James Whale starring Lew Ayres and Mae Clarke and released by Universal Pictures. The screenplay was written by Richard Schayer and Winifred Dunn based on the novel The Impatient Virgin by Donald Henderson Clarke.
 Journalist is a 1993 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Jagadish and Siddique.
 Bhai Log is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Syed Faisal Bukhari produced by Ch. Ijaz Kamran dialogues and screenplay By M. Pervaiz Kaleem. The cast includes Hunain Jadoon Saima Noor Nadeem Baig Javed Sheikh Noor Babrik Shah Meera Nayeer Ejaz Babar Ali Umer Nazir in lead roles. The music is composed by M. Arshad film is edited By Adeel pk. The film was released on Eid-ul-Fitr 2011.The film was shot in Pakistan and locations include Karachi Lahore Quetta and Kallar Kahar.
 The Company of Wolves is a 1984 British Gothic fantasy-horror film directed by Neil Jordan written by Angela Carter and Jordan and starring Sarah Patterson Angela Lansbury Stephen Rea and David Warner.The film is based on the werewolf story of the same name in Angela Carter's short story collection The Bloody Chamber.
 In the Year of the Pig is a 1968 American documentary film about the origins of the Vietnam War directed by Emile de Antonio. It was nominated for an Academy award for best documentary.The film which is in black and white contains much historical footage and many interviews. Those interviewed include Harry Ashmore Daniel Berrigan Philippe Devillers David Halberstam Roger Hilsman Jean Lacouture Kenneth P. Landon Thruston B.
 Sunny Days (Russian: Solnetchniye dni) is a 2011 Kazakhstani drama film directed by Nariman Turebayev.
 143 (and i miss You) (Telugu: 143 (ఐ మిస్ యు)) is a 2004 Indian Telugu film directed written and produced by Puri Jagannadh starring Sairam Shankar and Samiksha in the lead roles. Nagendra Babu Brahmanandam Dharmavarapu Subramanyam Asha Saini Brahmaji M. S. Narayana and Ali play supporting roles.The film was released on 27 August 2004. The movie introduces Sairam Shankar brother of director Puri Jagannadh as the lead actor.
 Be Happy These Two Lovers (この二人に幸あれ Kono futari ni sachi are) (aka Good Luck to These Two) is a 1957 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Reuben Reuben is a 1983 film both a comedy and drama. It stars Tom Conti Kelly McGillis (in her film debut) Roberts Blossom Cynthia Harris and Joel Fabiani.The film was adapted by Julius J. Epstein from the play Spofford by Herman Shumlin which in turn was adapted from the novel Reuben Reuben by Peter De Vries.
 Riel is a 1979 Canadian biographical television movie about Métis leader Louis Riel.
 The Drivetime is a 1995 science fiction film directed written and produced by the Finnish-born filmmaker Antero Alli.
 Val Lewton: The Man in the Shadows (also known as Martin Scorsese Presents: Val Lewton – The Man in the Shadows) is a documentary tribute to Val Lewton the producer of a series of distinctive low-budget horror films for RKO Radio Pictures presented and narrated by director Martin Scorsese.
 Rose of Cimarron is a 1952 Cinecolor Western produced by Edward L. Alperson for 20th Century Fox. Despite the title it has nothing to do with Rose Dunn the actual Rose of Cimarron. The film is a revenge Western with a twist-the protagonist is a woman raised by the Cherokee avenging her parents who were murdered by whites.
 Seduced and Abandoned is a 2013 documentary film directed by James Toback. The film details the journey of Toback and actor Alec Baldwin as they try to sell a film concept at the Cannes Film Festival in 2012. Taking part in several pitch sessions with producers as well as interviews with directors and actors the duo explore the film production aspect of film financing. The film premiered at the festival a year later on May 20 2013.
 Asesinato a distancia (English language:Murdered at distance) is a 1998 Argentine crime drama directed and written by Santiago Carlos Oves. The film premiered on 12 February 1998 in Buenos Aires. The film stars Héctor Alterio and Patricio Contreras.
 Bava Nachadu (Telugu: బావ నచ్చాడు) is a 2001 Tollywood film written and directed by K.S. Ravikumar. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna Simran Bagga and Reema Sen in important roles. The music of the film was scored by M. M. Keeravani. The Hindi version of the film is Naya Ghulam.[citation needed]
 The Fall of the Louse of Usher is a 2002 British horror film directed by Ken Russell. The film is loosely based on several Edgar Allan Poe stories notably The Fall of the House of Usher.
 My Love Came Back is a 1940 American comedy-drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Olivia de Havilland Jeffrey Lynn Eddie Albert and Jane Wyman. Based on the 1935 Austrian film Episode written and directed by Walter Reisch the film is about a gifted young violinist who considers leaving a prestigious music academy to play in a jazz band to earn money.
 Ivan the Terrible (Russian: Иван Грозный Ivan Grozniy) is a two-part historical epic film about Ivan IV of Russia made by Russian director Sergei Eisenstein. Part 1 was released in 1944 but Part 2 was not released until 1958 due to political censorship. The films were originally planned as part of a trilogy but Eisenstein died before filming of the third part could be finished.
 Junior Mandrake is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Ali Akbar. Jagathy Sreekumar Jagadish and Rajan P. Dev plays the lead roles in this film. Though the film did moderately well in box office it gained the present cult following release of the movie in Home videos and Cable television networks.A sequel of Junior Mandrake namely Senior Mandrake was released in 2010 by the same director but it bombed at the box office due to poor script.
 A True Mob Story is a 1998 Hong Kong crime drama film produced written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Gigi Leung.
 Paulo Moura - Alma Brasileira is a 2013 documentary film directed by Eduardo Escorel about the Brazilian clarinetist and saxophonist Paulo Moura.The documentary is based on over 40 years of videos and written records. It features 25 songs from the artist repertoire while Paul Moura himself gives more details about his musical life and the Brazilian music scene.
 Young Medardus (German: Der Junge Medardus) is a 1923 Austrian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Catch Me If You Can is a 1989 film starring Grant Heslov Geoffrey Lewis M. Emmet Walsh music by Tangerine Dream and was the directorial debut by writer and director Stephen Sommers.
 Michael the Brave (Romanian: Mihai Viteazul) is a Romanian historic epic film created by the film director Sergiu Nicolaescu. The film is a representation of the life of the Wallachian ruler Mihai Viteazu and his will to unite the three Romanian principalities (Wallachia Moldavia and the Principality of Transylvania) in one country. The film was released in 1970 in Romania and worldwide by Columbia Pictures as The Last Crusade.
 Bowfinger is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Frank Oz. It depicts a down-and-out filmmaker in Hollywood attempting to make a film on a small budget with a star who does not know that he is in the film. It was written by Steve Martin and stars Martin Eddie Murphy and Heather Graham. Critics have described the film as a parody of Hollywood filmmaking.
 Horrible Bosses 2 is an upcoming American comedy film. It is the sequel to 2011's Horrible Bosses. The film will be released on November 26 2014. It will be produced by New Line Cinema and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
 Her Younger Sister is a 1914 American silent short film drama film directed by Frank Cooley starring Fred Gamble and Charlotte Burton.
 Teenagers from Outer Space also known as The Gargon Terror and (in the UK) as The Ray Gun Terror is a 1959 science-fiction film about an extraterrestrial space ship landing on Earth to use it as a farm for its food supply. The crew of the ship includes teenagers two of whom oppose each other in their activities. The independent film was originally distributed by Warner Brothers.
 Ratty (Swedish: Råttis) is a 1986 Swedish animated feature film directed by Lennart Gustafsson about rats experiencing young love. The film features several song numbers and is on the border to what could be called a musical.It was the fifth Swedish animated feature film to ever be released not counting Per Åhlin's early films that were only partly animated.
 Thalayanamanthram is a Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan. The film was released in 1990.
 Types of Bakuvian Bazaars (Azerbaijani: Bakı Bazarlarının Tipləri) is a 1907 Azerbaijani short documentary film directed by Vasili Amaşukeli.The film shot on 35mm captures the market scene in Baku Azerbaijan in the early twentieth century.It was produced by the Qısametralı Sənədli Filmlər and Ağ-Qara Filmlər film companies.
 Tera Mera Saath Rahen is a 2001 Hindi romantic drama film directed by Mahesh Manjreker.
 Pride & Prejudice is a 2005 British romance film directed by Joe Wright and based on Jane Austen's novel of the same name published in 1813. The film depicts five sisters from an English family of landed gentry as they deal with issues of marriage morality and misconceptions. Keira Knightley stars in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet while Matthew Macfadyen plays her romantic interest Mr Darcy.
 Hayabusa: Harukanaru Kikan (はやぶさ　遥かなる帰還) is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed by Tokiyuki Takimoto.
 Breaking Up Is Hard to Do is a 2010 romantic comedy film.
 Escapade is a 1957 French adventure film directed by Ralph Habib.
 Grandad of Races is a 1950 American short documentary film directed by André de la Varre. It won an Academy Award at the 23rd Academy Awards in 1951 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 C-Man is a 1949 American quasi-semidocumentary crime film noir directed by Joseph Lerner featuring Dean Jagger John Carradine Lottie Elwen and Rene Paul. Gail Kubik based his Pulitzer Prize winning Symphony Concertante on his score for C-Man.
 Prankstar is an unreleased mockumentary independent film written by directed by and starring Tom Green.
 Arabikkatha (Malayalam: അറബിക്കഥ English: An Arabian Tale) is a 2007 Malayalam language film directed by Lal Jose and written by Ikbal Kuttipuram. The film was a critical success and a commercial success in India and the United Arab Emirates. It deals with differences within the Communist movement and was produced against a background of real-life splits in the ruling Communist Party in Kerala state India.
 Hit and Runway is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Christopher Livingston. It won best screenplay at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival.
 The Challenge is a 1982 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and co-written by John Sayles. The film stars Scott Glenn and Toshirō Mifune.
 Circe the Enchantress was a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film starred Leonard's then-wife Mae Murray. This was their last collaboration and they divorced soon after. The film is now considered lost.
 Police Academy 6: City Under Siege is a 1989 comedy crime film starring Bubba Smith David Graf and Michael Winslow. It was directed by Peter Bonerz and written by Neal Israel Pat Proft and Stephen Curwick. The film was given a PG rating for violence and language. This was the last film in the franchise to feature Bubba Smith Marion Ramsey Bruce Mahler Lance Kinsey and George R. Robertson as Hightower Hooks Fackler Proctor and Chief Hurst respectively.
 The Minx is a 2007 movie written and directed by Chicago-based independent filmmaker Michael Glover Smith. It is not to be confused with the 1969 film by the same title. The Minx was written in collaboration with Vincent Francone and shot on location in Chicago and Hong Kong in late 2005 and early 2006. It was picked up for distribution by Echelon Entertainment of Glendale California and was released on DVD in the United States on May 15 2007.
 El Derecho de Nacer is the name of two Mexicans telenovela based on the Cuban radionovela of the same name written by Félix B. Caignet adapted for TV by Fernanda Villeli. The 1981 series was produced by Ernesto Alonso and directed by Raúl Araiza; it consisted of 150 episodes and consolidated Verónica Castro's career after the success of Los Ricos También Lloran.The Best Telenovela of the Year (Premios TVyNovelas 1983)
 Our Town is a 2003 television film adaptation of the play of the same name by Thornton Wilder. It stars Paul Newman who was nominated for both an Emmy and a SAG award for outstanding acting. It was shown on PBS as part of Masterpiece Theatre after first being shown on the cable channel Showtime. It was filmed at the Booth Theatre in Manhattan where it played on Broadway in 2002. The production originated at the Westport Country Playhouse.
 Czechoslovakia 1968 is a 1969 short documentary film about the Prague Spring the Russian invasion of Czechoslovakia. The film was produced by the United States Information Agency under the direction of Robert M.
 Dot and the Koala is a 1985 animated film from Yoram Gross.
 Jazzin' for Blue Jean is a 20-minute short film featuring David Bowie and directed by Julien Temple. It was created to promote Bowie's single Blue Jean in 1984 and released as a video single.
 The Muppets Valentine Show aired on ABC on January 30 1974. It was one of two pilots produced during the planning stages for The Muppet Show. The other pilot was The Muppet Show: Sex and Violence which aired in 1975.In this half-hour Valentine's Day special featuring the Muppets and special guest star Mia Farrow host Wally has writer's block—he can't think of material for the show that represents the true meaning of love. He asks the other Muppets and Mia for assistance with mixed results.
 Elizabeth I is a two-part 2005 British historical drama television miniseries directed by Tom Hooper written by Nigel Williams and starring Helen Mirren as Elizabeth I of England. The miniseries covers approximately the last 24 years of her nearly 45-year reign. Part 1 focuses on the final years of her relationship with the Earl of Leicester played by Jeremy Irons.
 Task Force (1949) is a war film filmed in black-and-white with some Technicolor sequences about the development of U.S. aircraft carriers from the USS Langley (CV-1) to the USS Franklin (CV-13). Although Robert Montgomery was originally considered for the leading rolethe film stars Gary Cooper Jane Wyatt Walter Brennan Wayne Morris Julie London and Jack Holt.
 Puerta de Hierro el exilio de Perón (Spanish: Iron gate the exile of Perón) is a 2012 Argentine film. It is based on the exile of Argentine president Juan Perón who was deposed in 1955 by a military coup named Revolución Libertadora left the country and finally returned in 1973. The actor playing Perón is Víctor Laplace.
 Daddy Long Legs or Vadertje Langbeen is a 1938 Dutch romantic comedy film directed by Frederic Zelnik based on Jean Webster's novel of the same name - one of several adaptations of that book (see below).
 Something from Nothing: The Art of Rap is a 2012 American documentary directed by Ice-T and co-directed by Andy Baybutt. It focuses on the craft of writing and performing rap verses and all the interviewees are musicians of the genre and friends of Ice-T.
 Bunnyman (known as The Bunnyman Massacre in the United Kingdom) is a 2011 horror film written directed and produced by Carl Lindberg.
 Sang-e-Meel Se Mulaqat (from Urdu meel = mile; sang = stone mulaqat = meeting Meeting the Milestone) is a documentary on life of Ustad Bismillah Khan by Goutam Ghose.
 Harvest of Fire is an American television movie that aired on CBS on April 21 1996. Directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman the film stars Lolita Davidovich J.A. Preston Jean Louisa Kelly and Patty Duke.
 Big Business is a 1929 silent Laurel and Hardy comedy short subject directed by James W. Horne and supervised by Leo McCarey from a McCarey (uncredited) and H. M. Walker script. The film was deemed culturally significant and entered into the United States National Film Registry in 1992.
 Lala Pipo: A Lot of People (Japanese: ララピポ) is a 2005 Japanese novel by Hideo Okuda. It was made into a movie by the same name in 2009. Lala Pipo is the directorial debut of Masayuki Miyano. The screenplay was written by Tetsuya Nakashima writer-director of Kamikaze Girls and Memories of Matsuko.The novel and movie both chronicle the life of six people involved with the Japanese porn industry.
 Azhagan is a 1991 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. Balachander produced by Kovai Chezhiyan starring Mammootty Bhanupriya Geetha Babloo Prithviraj and Madhoo.
 The Amy Fisher Story is a 1993 television movie dramatizing the events surrounding Amy Fisher's teenage affair with Joey Buttafuoco and her conviction for aggravated assault for shooting Buttafuoco's wife. The film was produced by ABC and originally aired on that network; in 1993 it was released on VHS and in 2001 on DVD.The movie starred 18-year old Drew Barrymore as Amy Fisher. Anthony John Denison portrayed Joey Buttafuoco.
 The Son of Captain Blood is a 1962 Italian/Spanish/US international co-production film. It is the first starring role in a film for Sean Flynn the son of Errol Flynn who played the lead in the 1935 film Captain Blood. The film was released in Great Britain in 1963 by Warner-Pathe (in some regions on a double bill with Hammer's The Scarlet Blade.) Paramount Pictures released the film in the US in 1964 on a double bill with the Jerry Lewis film The Patsy.
 Nujum Pak Belalang (The Fortune-telling of Pak Belalang) is a 1959 Malaysian comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The film is styled as a fairytale and is loosely based on Malay folklore.
 Road House is a 1989 action film directed by Rowdy Herrington and starring Patrick Swayze as a bouncer at a newly refurbished roadside bar who protects a small town in Missouri from a corrupt businessman. Sam Elliott also plays a bouncer the mentor friend and foil of Swayze's character. The cast also includes Kelly Lynch as Swayze's love interest and Ben Gazzara as the main antagonist.
 A Better Tomorrow (Hangul: 무적자; RR: Mujeokja; lit. Invincible) is a 2010 South Korean contemporary gangster drama film starring Joo Jin-mo Song Seung-hun Kim Kang-woo and Jo Han-sun. It is an official remake of the 1986 Hong Kong film A Better Tomorrow. It was directed by Song Hae-sung and produced by Fingerprint Pictures. John Woo who directed the original 1986 version acted as executive producer.
 Viento norte (also known as North Wind) is a 1937 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.
 Queens Logic is a 1991 comedy from Seven Arts Pictures starring Kevin Bacon Linda Fiorentino Joe Mantegna Jamie Lee Curtis John Malkovich Ken Olin Chloe Webb and Tom Waits. It was directed by Steve Rash.
 Strella (Greek: Στρέλλα) (International title: A Woman's Way) is a 2009 Greek drama film written and directed by Panos H. Koutras. The plot originates around the unique relationship between a 45-year-old ex-convinct and a 25-year-old transsexual.
 The Spring is a 1989 independent movie not available in video about archaeologists Andy (Dack Rambo) and Matty (Gedde Watanabe) who discover a diary written by a member of Ponce de León's exploration party which they believe can lead them to the Fountain of Youth. They go to Florida to retrace De León's steps but the secret of their quest gets out and they are pursued by a millionaire with plans to make money from the spring and a voodoo acolyte hoping to find immortality.
 Satánico pandemonium (Satanic Pandemonium) is a Mexican cult nunsploitation horror film directed by Gilberto Martínez Solares and written from Jorge Barragán Adolfo Martínez Solares and Gilberto Martínez Solares. It stars Cecilia Pezet Enrique Rocha and Delia Magaña.
 Wild Things 2 is the second installment in the Wild Things series. Released straight-to-video in 2004 it stars Susan Ward Leila Arcieri Isaiah Washington Michael Chieffo and Linden Ashby.
 JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai (English: Life of a friend called JK) is an upcoming Tamil film written and directed by Cheran. It stars Sharwanand Nithya Menen while Prakash Raj and Santhanam play supporting roles. It is being simultaneously made in Telugu as Yemito Ee Maaya. The film is being produced by Dream Theatres who earlier produced films like Autograph Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu and Muran. The film which is said to be a youth entertainer features songs by G. V.
 Picnic with Weissmann (German: Picknick mit Weissman) is a 1968 Czechoslovak animated short film by Jan Švankmajer.
 The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm is a 1962 American film directed by Henry Levin and George Pal. The latter was the producer and also in charge of the stop motion animation. The film was one of the highest grossing films of 1962. It won one Oscar and was nominated for three additional Academy Awards. Several famous actors — including Laurence Harvey Jim Backus Barbara Eden and Buddy Hackett — are in the film.
 Halls of Montezuma is a 1951 World War II war film starring Richard Widmark Richard Boone Jack Palance and Karl Malden. The film which is about U.S. Marines fighting on a Japanese-held island was directed by Academy Award-winner Lewis Milestone. It also starred Robert Wagner in his first credited screen role. Real color combat footage from the war in the Pacific was incorporated into the film's cinematography. The film like Darryl F.
 Walk Softly Stranger is a 1950 film starring Joseph Cotten and Alida Valli directed by Robert Stevenson. It tells the story of a small-time crook on the run who later becomes reformed by the love of a crippled woman.This would be the last RKO credit for famed producer Dore Schary who would leave the studio soon after the film's completion. Privately Schary did not see eye to eye with RKO owner Howard Hughes.Filming ended in June 1948 but Hughes later shelved the film.
 The Saint of Gamblers (賭聖２之街頭賭聖) is a 1995 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing. It is a spin-off of the All for the Winner series with only Ng Man Tat reprising his role.
 Tora-san's Forbidden Love (男はつらいよ 寅次郎真実一路 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Torajirō Shinjitsu Ichiro) is a 1984 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Reiko Ōhara as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Forbidden Love is the thirty-fourth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Waqt (Hindi: वक़्त Urdu: وقت English: Time) is a Hindi dramafilm released in India and the United Kingdom on 22 April 2005.Waqt is loaded with family drama and comedy. It has its comic element in the form of the bumbling servant Laxman who misunderstands the most simple requests made of him in a style reminiscent of certain Shakespearian comic relief characters. The drama comes from the conflict between the father Ishwarchand and son Aditya.
 The Amateur Gentleman is a 1936 British drama film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Elissa Landi Gordon Harker and Margaret Lockwood with music by Richard Addinsell. It is based on the 1913 novel The Amateur Gentleman by Jeffrey Farnol. In an effort to prove his father's innocence of a charge of stealing a young man disguises himself as a gentleman and travels to Regency London.
 Alibi (Italian: L'alibi) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Adolfo Celi and starring Vittorio Gassman.
 The Boston Strangler is a 1968 film based on the true story of the Boston Strangler and the book by Gerold Frank. It was directed by Richard Fleischer and stars Tony Curtis as Albert DeSalvo the strangler and Henry Fonda as John S. Bottomly the chief detective now famed for obtaining DeSalvo's confession.
 Killing Them Softly is a 2012 American neo-noir crime film directed by Andrew Dominik and starring Brad Pitt based on the 1974 novel Cogan's Trade by George V. Higgins. On May 22 2012 the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival receiving positive early reviews.
 Special Dead is a 2006 American zombie comedy directed by Thomas L. Phillips and Sean Simmons written by Jared Tweedie and starring Jason Brubaker Amy Wade Gia Natale Anthony Rutowicz and Haneka Haynes.
 Hard Days Hard Nights (known as Beat Boys in West Germany) is a 1989 film.
 The Big Mambo (German: Das Mambospiel) is a 1998 German comedy film written and directed by Michael Gwisdek. It was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
 A Million Colours is a 2011 film directed by Peter Bishai and co-written with Andre Pieterse. It is based on the lives of Muntu Ndebele and Norman Knox actors in the film Forever Young Forever Free also known as e'Lollipop. It follows them from the success of the film around the time of the Soweto Uprising through to the election of Nelson Mandela.
 Three Hours to Love (Serbo-Croatian: 'Tri sata za ljubav') is a 1968 Yugoslav film directed by Fadil Hadžić.
 Birds Do It is a 1966 comedy movie that was made by Columbia Pictures and filmed at the Ivan Tors Studios in Miami. It stars Soupy Sales in his film debut as a leading man Tab Hunter Arthur O'Connell Edward Andrews and Beverly Adams. Although shown very rarely on television the movie is now available for online order in bare-bones DVD format through Sony's Columbia Classics line.
 Viaje de una noche de verano is a 1965 Argentine film.
 The Case of Gabriel Perry is a 1935 British crime film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Henry Oscar Olga Lindo and Margaret Lockwood.
 Oomakkuyil Padumbol (Malayalam: ഊമക്കുയിൽ പാടുമ്പോൾ; English: When the Mute Nightingale Sings) is a 2012 Malayalam children's film produced and directed by Siddique Chennamangalloor starring Malavika Nair Akash Roshan Shankar and Sangeetha Rajendran in the lead roles.
 Big Brown Eyes is a 1936 crime/detective film. In the film police officer Danny Barr (Cary Grant) is chasing jewel robbers. His girlfriend Eve Fallon (Joan Bennett) is initially working as a manicurist but quickly takes a job as a reporter assisting in the effort against the jewel thieves. Fallon and Barr become disgusted when one jewel gang member is acquitted and both leave their jobs. Soon thereafter Fallon gets a lucky break while giving a manicure and the case is solved.
 The Hitcher is a 2007 horror thriller film starring Sean Bean Sophia Bush and Zachary Knighton. It is a remake of the 1986 film of the same name starring Rutger Hauer Jennifer Jason Leigh and C. Thomas Howell. The Hitcher was directed by Dave Meyers and produced by Michael Bay’s production company Platinum Dunes.
 10 (styled as 10) is a 1979 romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and starring Dudley Moore Julie Andrews Robert Webber Dee Wallace and Bo Derek in her first major film appearance. Considered a trend-setting film at the time and one of the year's biggest box office hits the film made superstars of Moore and Derek. It follows a man who in middle age finds a young woman who he thinks is the ideal woman for him leading to both a comic chase and an encounter in Mexico.
 The Young Teacher (청춘교사 - Cheongchun gyosa) is a 1972 South Korean family drama film which is recognized as the first film released in the VHS format.
 Twilight Train (황혼열차 - Hwanghon yeolcha) is a 1957 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.
 Braveheart is a 1995 epic historical drama war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson. Gibson portrays William Wallace a 13th-century Scottish warrior who led the Scots in the First War of Scottish Independence against King Edward I of England. The story is based on Blind Harry's epic poem The Actes and Deidis of the Illustre and Vallyeant Campioun Schir William Wallace and was adapted for the screen by Randall Wallace.
 Goodbye Again released in Europe as Aimez-vous Brahms? is a 1961 romantic drama film produced and directed by Anatole Litvak. The screenplay was written by Samuel A. Taylor based on the novel Aimez-vous Brahms? by Françoise Sagan. The film released by United Artists stars Ingrid Bergman Anthony Perkins Yves Montand and Jessie Royce Landis.
 28 Hotel Rooms is an American feature film written and directed by Matt Ross and starring Chris Messina and Marin Ireland. It is Matt Ross' first feature film.
 Revive! Ultraman (甦れ！ウルトラマン Yomigaere! Urutoraman) is a 1996 Japanese tokusatsu kaiju film directed by Masahiro Tsuburaya and produced by Tsuburaya Productions to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the Ultra-Series.
 Vaade Iraade is a 1994 Indian Bollywood film directed by Kalpana Bhardwaj. It stars Ayush Kumar and Mamta Kulkarni in pivotal roles.
 Brooklyn Dodgers: Ghosts of Flatbush is a 2007 documentary film produced by HBO sports chronicling the last ten years of the Brooklyn Dodgers tenure in the borough of churches.
 Fengming a Chinese Memoir (simplified Chinese: 和凤鸣; traditional Chinese: 和鳳鳴; pinyin: Hé Fèngmíng) also known as Chronicle of a Chinese Woman is a 2007 Chinese documentary film directed by Wang Bing. The film consists almost entirely of an interview with the elderly He Fengming recounting her experiences in post-1949 China.
 Les Corsaires du Bois de Boulogne English: The Pirates of the Bois du Bologne is a French comedy film from 1954 directed and written by Norbert Carbonnaux starring Raymond Bussières and Louis de Funès.
 White Tiger is a 1923 American crime film directed by Tod Browning and featuring Wallace Beery in a supporting role.
 Second Fiddle is a 1923 silent film comedy-drama directed by Frank Tuttle and distributed by W. W. Hodkinson. It stars Glenn Hunter and is an early appearance as a lead by actress Mary Astor. This film is in existence at the UCLA Film & TV archive in the Stanford Theatre Foundation collection.
 Poran Jai Jolia Re (English: My Heart Is Set on Fire) is a 2010 Bangladeshi Bengali film directed by Shonor Rahaman Sohan. This film stars Shakib Khan Purnima and A.T.M. Shamsuzzaman. and went on to become a box office super-hit.
 The Cat and the Fiddle (1934) is an American romantic musical film directed by William K. Howard based on the hit 1931 Broadway musical of the same name by Jerome Kern and Otto A. Harbach about a romance between a struggling composer and an American singer. The film stars Ramon Novarro and Jeanette MacDonald in her MGM debut.The final reel was filmed in the then-newly-perfected three-strip Technicolor process previously used only in Walt Disney cartoons such as Flowers and Trees (1932).
 Se Puder... Dirija! is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Paulo Fontenelle and starring Luís Fernando Guimarães. It's the first Brazilian live action 3D format movie.
 Gena the Crocodile (Russian: Крокодил Гена Krokodil Gena) is a 1969 Soviet/Russian stop-motion animated film directed by Roman Kachanov for Soyuzmultfilm studio.
 Life Begins at Forty is a 1935 black-and-white film starring Will Rogers and Richard Cromwell. It is based on the non-fiction self-help book Life Begins at 40 by Walter B. Pitkin.
 Back Streets of Paris (French: Macadam) is a 1946 French drama film directed by Marcel Blistène.
 The Strike (Swedish: Strejken) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.
 Dobs at the Shore is a 1914 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Hayseed is a 1919 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Judith Trachtenberg is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Leontine Kühnberg Ernst Deutsch and Leonhard Haskel. It was based on the 1890 novel of the same title by Karl Emil Franzos. In 1932 it was released in the United States re-edited to include sound under the alternative title A Daughter of Her People.
 Dancin' thru the Dark is a 1990 British film directed by Mike Ockrent and written by Willy Russell based on the play Stags and Hens by the same author and starring Con O'Neill Claire Hackett Simon O'Brien Julia Deakin Marji Campi Colin Welland and Mark Womack. The film was also famous to be the only movie that Donny 'The Tash' Whelan starred in.
 Janmabhoomi (English: Home Land) is a 1969 Malayalam film written directed and produced by John C. Sankaramangalam with Madhu Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair S. P. Pillai and Ushakumari in the star cast. It marks the directorial debut of John Sankaramangalam who later directed critically acclaimed feature films like Avalalppam Vaikippoyi (1971) and Samantharam (1985). It won the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration.
 The Hound of the Baskervilles (German:Der Hund von Baskerville ) is a 1937 German mystery film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Bruno Güttner Fritz Odemar and Peter Voß. It is an adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes's story The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Janie is a 1944 film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 I Have Something to Tell You (Serbian: A Imam nešto važno da vam kažem) is a 2005 Montenegrin drama film directed by Željko Sošić in 2005. Montenegro's new cinema starts with this movie.
 Club Sandwich is a 2013 Mexican comedy film written and directed by Fernando Eimbcke. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Empire is a 1964 American silent black-and-white film made by Andy Warhol. It consists of eight hours and five minutes of continuous slow motion footage of the Empire State Building in New York City. Abridged showings of the film were never allowed and supposedly the very unwatchability of the film was an important part of the reason the film was created. However a legitimate Italian VHS produced in association with the Andy Warhol Museum in 2000 contains only an extract of 60 minutes.
 Dhaasippen also spelled as Daasippenn (Tamil: தாசிப்பெண்) is a 1943 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring T. R. Mahalingam and M. G. Ramachandran. The film was also had an alternate title - Jothi Malar (Tamil: ஜோதி மலர்).
 Nagaraja Cholan MA MLA is a 2013 Tamil film directed by Manivannan. It is a sequel to Amaithi Padai (1994) which was considered as the greatest political movie in Tamil Cinema. The film stars Sathyaraj in lead role thus making it as his 200th film and Seeman will play the other leads along with Mrudala Komal Sharma and Varsha. Manivannan and his son Raghu Manivannan have also important roles.
 Alive (Russian: Живой Zhivoy) is a 2006 Russian film directed by Aleksandr Veledinsky.
 Far and Away is a 1992 adventure-drama-romance film directed by Ron Howard from a script by Howard and Bob Dolman and stars Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. Cinematography by Mikael Salomon with a music score by John Williams.
 The Turn of the Wheel (1918) is a lost silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. Reginald Barker directed and Geraldine Farrar starred.
 The Golden Dream (Spanish: La jaula de oro (translit. The Golden Cage)) is a 2013 Guatemalean drama film directed by Spanish director Diego Quemada-Díez. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival where Quemada-Diez won the A Certain Talent award for his directing work and the ensemble cast.
 Paper Clips is a 2004 documentary film written directed and produced by Joe Fab about a Middle School class that tries to collect 6 million paper clips to represent the 6 million Jews killed by the Nazis.
 Uzumaki (うずまき Spiral) is a Japanese horror film directed by Higuchinsky. Uzumaki released in 2000 is based on Junji Ito's episodic manga of the same name.The plot concerns a town infected with malevolent spirals.
 The Boss of It All (Danish: Direktøren for det hele) is a 2006 Danish comedy film written and directed by Lars von Trier.
 Try to Remember is a 2004 Mystery Television movie based on a novel by Mary Higgins Clark that was shot in 2003 on location in Moose Jaw and Saskatchewan Canada.
 Chicken Every Sunday is a 1949 American comedy film directed by George Seaton. The screenplay by Seaton and Valentine Davies is based on the 1944 play of the same title by Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein which was based on the novel by Rosemary Taylor.
 Les Gladiatrices: Blondes vs. Brunes is a 2004 DVD based in a French reality TV show that featured women wrestling each other. The women were divided into two teams one blonde and the other brunette.
 Jump for Glory is a 1937 British romantic drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Valerie Hobson and Alan Hale. It was based on a novel by Gordon McDonnell.
 7 Grandmasters (虎豹龍蛇鷹絕拳) is a 1978 kung fu film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Mark Long Jack Long Corey Yuen and Lee Yi Min. It was filmed in Mandarin as opposed to Cantonese which is more common due to Hong Kong's enormous output on the genre.
 The World Wars is a three-part special event mini-series by the History Channel that is scheduled to premiere on Monday Memorial Day on May 26–28 2014 at 9PM EST.
 My Name Is Modesty is a 2004 American action film that was released direct-to-DVD. The film is based on the early years of the character Modesty Blaise a former crime boss turned secret agent.This is the third production that brings Peter O'Donnell's character Modesty Blaise to the screen following the feature film Modesty Blaise with Monica Vitti in 1966 and the TV pilot Modesty Blaise with Ann Turkel in 1982.
 Turn Back the Clock (1933) is an MGM comedy-drama film directed by Edgar Selwyn written by Edgar Selwyn and Ben Hecht and starring Lee Tracy (while under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer). The film also stars Mae Clarke. The Three Stooges featuring Curly Howard appear in an uncredited straight role as wedding singers.
 L'Enfant prodigue (France 1907) (The Prodigal Son) was the first feature-length motion picture produced in Europe running 90 minutes. Directed by Michel Carré fils from his own three-act stage pantomime the film was basically an unmodified record filmed at the Gaumont Film Company studios in May 1907.The film premiered at the Théâtre des Variétés on the Boulevard Montmartre in Paris on June 20 1907.Carré directed another film version of L'Enfant prodigue in 1916.
 For the trilogy of the same name by Conrad Richter on which this miniseries was based see The Awakening Land trilogy.The Awakening Land is a 1978 television miniseries based on Conrad Richter's trilogy of novels: The Trees; The Fields; and The Town. The series originally aired on NBC in three installments from February 19 to February 21 1978 and stars Elizabeth Montgomery and Hal Holbrook.
 The Sicilian is a 1987 action film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo. It was directed by Michael Cimino and stars Christopher Lambert Joss Ackland and Terence Stamp.
 Chances is a 1931 Pre-code war drama directed by Allan Dwan and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. It is based on a novel by A. Hamilton Gibbs.Preserved at Library of Congress.
 Strings is a 2012 British drama film directed and written by Rob Savage. After a successful run in a number of film festivals it went on to win the Raindance Award at the British Independent Film Awards. Applauded for its success despite its low budget the total cost of production was just £3000. Director Writer Cinematographer and Editor Savage took strong commitments to get the film produced including lack of sleep to the point of hallucinating.
 This is about the film. For the 1880 book see Toby Tyler; or Ten Weeks with a Circus. For the musician previously known as 'Toby Tyler' see Marc Bolan.Toby Tyler is a film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company on January 21 1960.
 Ammakkorumma (1981) is an Indian film in Malayalam language by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Ratheesh Jagathy Sreekumar Zarina Wahab and Master Rajakumaran Thampi son of Sreekumaran Thampi. Ammakkorumma in Malayalam language literally means A Kiss for Mother.
 Tomorrow Night is a 1998 American absurdist comedy film written and directed by Louis C.K.
 This article is about the 1927 film. For other films of the same name see below.Hotel Imperial is a 1927 American silent film directed by Mauritz Stiller set in World War I and starring Pola Negri as a hotel chambermaid. It is based on the 1917 Hungarian play of the same name by Lajos Bíró.
 Silambattam (Tamil: சிலம்பாட்டம்) is a 2008 Indian Tamil family-action film written and directed by cinematographer-turned-director Saravanan making his directorial debut. The film stars Silambarasan Rajendar in dual roles while Sneha Sana Khan Prabhu and Kishore also play lead roles. Nedumudi Venu Raaghav Santhanam and Karunas play supporting roles with Premji Amaren in a special appearance. Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the film's background score and soundtrack.
 Mosagadu (English: Con Man) is a 1980 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film stars Sobhan Babu Chiranjeevi and Sridevi Kapoor in important roles.
 Seven Faces is an American drama film with fantasy elements released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound-on-film system on December 1 1929. Based upon a piece of short fiction (A Friend of Napoleon published in the June 30 1923 issue of The Saturday Evening Post magazine) by popular writer Richard Connell (whose best known work The Most Dangerous Game was filmed three years later) it is directed by Berthold Viertel and stars Paul Muni in his second screen appearance.
 Sommersby is a 1993 romantic drama film directed by Jon Amiel and starring Richard Gere Jodie Foster Bill Pullman and James Earl Jones. Set in the Reconstruction period following the U.S. Civil War the story is adapted from the historical account of 16th century French peasant Martin Guerre (previously filmed by Daniel Vigne as The Return of Martin Guerre with Gérard Depardieu in 1982).
 Robinsonada or My English Grandfather (Georgian: რობინზონიადა ანუ ჩემი ინგლისელი პაპა; translit. robinzoniada anu chemi ingliseli papa; Russian: Робинзонада или Мой английский дедушка; translit. Robinzonada ili moy angliskiy dedushka; also known as Robinson Crusoe in Georgia) is a 1986 Georgian comedy film directed by Nana Djordjadze. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Caméra d'Or.
 New Year's Day is a 2001 comedy-drama film starring Andrew Lee Potts Bobby Barry Jacqueline Bisset Anastasia Hille Michael Kitchen Sue Johnston Ralph Brown and Marianne Jean-Baptiste. It was written by Ralph Brown and directed by Suri Krishnamma.The film follows two teenagers Jake (Potts) and Steve (Barry) as they cope with life after being the sole survivors of an avalanche. Their teacher also survives the accident but remains comatose and dies soon after the start of the film.
 Belli Modagalu (Kannada: ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ಮೋಡಗಳು) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language drama film starring Ramesh Aravind Malashri Doddanna and Jayanthi in the lead roles. The film is directed by K. V. Raju and based on the Malayalam language film Sandhwanam directed by Sibi Malayil and was also remade in Telugu as Seetharamaiah Gari Manavaralu (1991). It was later remade in Hindi as Udhaar Ki Zindagi in 1994. All the versions met with huge success at the box-office.
 Paromitar Ek Din (Bengali: পারমিতার একদিন Paromitar Êkdin lit. One day of Paromita's English title: House of Memories) (2000) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Aparna Sen.
 Follow Your Heart is a 1936 American film directed by Aubrey Scotto.
 Hsien of the Dead is a 2012 Singaporean horror-comedy film directed produced and written by Gary Ow for Monkeywrench Genetix S Pte Ltd and Arte Associates. The film stars Ernest Seah Vivienne Tseng Moses San Juan Nurhada Choo and Darrell Britt. It follows four unrelated Singaporeans escaping from a wave of animated corpses. Together they devise a plan to flee the zombie-infested city state. Released on 13 September 2012 the film is credited as Singapore's first zombie movie.
 Krippendorf's Tribe is a 1998 film adaptation of Frank Parkin's novel of the same name directed by Todd Holland. The film stars Richard Dreyfuss as the eponymous professor along with Jenna Elfman Natasha Lyonne and Lily Tomlin.
 Janata Havaldar is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood.
 The Long Hair of Death (Italian: I lunghi capelli della morte) is a 1964 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti. It stars Barbara Steele as Helen Karnstein / Mary Karnstein and is set in a 15th century feudal village.
 The Italian Straw Hat (French: Un chapeau de paille d'Italie) is a 1928 French silent film comedy directed by René Clair and based on the 1851 play Un chapeau de paille d'Italie by Eugène Labiche and Marc Michel.
 The Hidden Hero (Hangul: 깃발없는 기수; RR: Gitbalomneun Gisu) is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek. It was chosen as Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards.
 The Banana Splits in Hocus Pocus Park is a 1972 live-action/animated film made by Hanna-Barbera featuring the characters from The Banana Splits children's television series.
 Ajami (Arabic: عجمي‎; Hebrew: עג'מי‎) is a 2009 Israeli Arab/Jewish collaboration drama film. Its plot is set in the Ajami neighborhood of Jaffa Israel.
 The Twins (Hangul: 역전의 명수; RR: Yeokjeon-ui myeongsu) is a 2005 South Korean film and the debut feature of Park Heung-sik. Jung Joon-ho stars as identical twins with opposing personalities.
 Get Out and Get Under is a 1920 silent comedy film directed by Hal Roach and starring Harold Lloyd and Mildred Davis.The car in the movie to which Lloyd was alternately devoted or frustrated appears to be a 1920 Ford Model T. The movie's title may be a reference to the 1913 song He'd Have to Get Under – Get Out and Get Under (to Fix Up His Automobile) which was used in the movie.
 Manikiakkallu (Malayalam: മാണിക്യക്കല്ല് Māṇikyakkallŭ ?) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by M. Mohanan and starring Prithviraj and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles. The film is about a young teacher who arrives at a village school who tries to make a definite change in student attitude.
 Viva Freedom! (자유만세 Jayu Manse aka Hurrah! For Freedom) is a 1946 Korean film directed by Choi In-kyu. It was the first film made in the country after achieving independence from Japan. During the colonial period Choi was only allowed to make certain films but the plot of Viva Freedom! is distinctly different telling the story of a Korean patriotic resistance fighter in 1945.
 Fools of Fortune is a 1990 Irish and British drama film directed by Pat O'Connor and starring Iain Glen Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio Julie Christie Catherine McFadden Amy Joyce Hastings and Michael Kitchen. It depicts a Protestant family caught up in the conflict between the British Army and the IRA during the Irish War of Independence. It was filmed on location in Dublin County Westmeath Galway and at Ardmore Studios.This film is based on the 1983 novel by Irish writer William Trevor.
 For other films about the Alamo see Alamo_(disambiguation)#Films.Heroes of the Alamo (1937) is a low-budget retelling of the events of the Texas Revolution and the Battle of the Alamo. It was produced by Anthony J. Xydias and reuses the battle scenes of his 1926 silent film Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo. About 35 minutes of the latter film is available on the DVD of Heroes of the Alamo all that remains of the silent film.
 The Road to Bresson (Dutch: De weg naar Bresson) is a 1984 Dutch documentary film directed by Leo De Boer and Jurriën Rood. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.
 Stretch is an upcoming American action comedy-thriller film directed by Joe Carnahan. The film stars Chris Pine Brooklyn Decker James Badge Dale Patrick Wilson Ray Liotta and Ed Helms.
 Women Are Better Diplomats (German: Frauen sind doch bessere Diplomaten) is a 1941 German musical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk Willy Fritsch and Aribert Wäscher. It was based on a novel by Hans Flemming. The film was the first German feature film to be made in colour and was one of the most expensive films produced during the Third Reich. The film met with a positive public response and was among the most popular German films of the early war years.
 Congo Crossing is a 1956 adventure film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Virginia Mayo and George Nader. Most of the exterior sequences were shot in the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden.
 The Body is a 1970 UK scientific documentary film directed and produced by Roy Battersby. In the film external and internal cameras are used to showcase the human body. The film's narrators Frank Finlay and Vanessa Redgrave provide commentary that combines the knowledge of human biologists and anatomical experts. The film's soundtrack Music from the Body was composed by Ron Geesin and Roger Waters and includes songs that were made using the human body as a medium.
 Hidden Places is a 2006 television film. It premiered on 28 January 2006 on Hallmark Channel. The film was directed by Yelena Lanskaya. The teleplay was by Robert Tate Miller and was based on the novel by Lynn Austin.
 Confesión a Laura (English: Confessing to Laura) is a 1991 Colombian drama film directed by Jaime Osorio Gómez. The film is set during el Bogotazo a violent rioting that erupted in Bogotá after the assassination of presidential candidate Jorge Eliécer Gaitán on April 9 1948. The story is about an oppressed husband forced by the circumstances to spend the day at his neighbor’s home a lonely mature schoolteacher.
 Loose Woman: Getting Wet at Noon (ふしだらな女　真昼に濡れる Fushidarana Onna Mahiru ni Nureru) aka The Forest of Immorality (背徳の森 Haitoku no Mori) is a 2006 Japanese pink film directed by Yūji Tajiri. It won the Best Film 9th Place award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Ithu Njangalude Katha is a 1982 Malayalam film made in India by P. G. Viswambharan. The movie marked the debut of Mukesh and Shanthi Krishna. This film is a remake of Tamil film Palaivana Solai.
 Rusty Knife (錆びたナイフ Sabita naifu) is a 1958 action Japanese film directed by Toshio Masuda. Rusty Knife was part of the Nikkatsu film studio's wave of Japanese noir films in order to compete with popular American and French films in Japanese box offices. This film was made available in North America when Janus Films released a special set of Nikkatsu Noir films as part of the Criterion Collection. These films include A Colt Is My Passport Take Aim at the Police Van and I Am Waiting.
 The River's Edge is a 1957 adventure crime and drama DeLuxe CinemaScope film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Ray Milland Anthony Quinn and Debra Paget. The picture is based on the unpublished short story The Higher Mountain by Harold Jacob Smith. Location filming was done in Amecacameca and Itzaccihuati Mexico. The supporting cast features Harry Carey Jr. and Chubby Johnson.
 Zaalim is an Indian film directed by Sikander Bharti and released in 1994. It stars Akshay Kumar Madhoo and Ranjeet.
 The Lunchbox is a 2013 Indian epistolary romantic film written and directed by Ritesh Batra and produced by Guneet Monga Anurag Kashyap and Arun Rangachari. The film was jointly produced by various studios including DAR motion pictures UTV Motion Pictures Dharma Productions Sikhya Entertainment NFDC (India) ROH Films (Germany) ASAP Films (France) and the Cine Mosaic (United States). It stars Irrfan Khan Nimrat Kaur and Nawazuddin Siddiqui in lead roles.
 The Winner (French: Un cœur gros comme ça) is a 1962 French film directed by François Reichenbach.
 A Turtle's Tale 2: Sammy's Escape from Paradise also known as Sammy's Great Escape is a 2012 animated film sequel to the 2010 animated film A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures.
 Distributors Corporation of America (DCA) was an American film distribution company which distributed 60 films in the US between 1952 and 1959. DCA also distributed the 1956 re-releases of The Naked City (1948) and Brute Force (1947) both produced by Mark Hellinger and directed by Jules Dassin.Among the last films DCA distributed were Half Human (1958) The Strange World of Planet X (1958) The Crawling Eye (1958) and Plan 9 From Outer Space (1959).
 Double or Nothing is a 1936 American short musical comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery. It was nominated for an Academy Award at the 9th Academy Awards in 1936 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 This article is about the 1949 film not the book on Betty and Barney Hill abduction case.The Interrupted Journey is a 1949 British thriller film directed by Daniel Birt and starring Valerie Hobson Richard Todd Christine Norden and Tom Walls. A man fleeing with his mistress narrowly escapes a train crash after he pulls the emergency cord and is wracked with guilt. The railways scenes were shot at Longmoor in Hampshire.
 Maryada (meaning decorum conduct) is a 1971 Bollywood tragedy film directed by Aravind Sen. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Raaj Kumar and Mala Sinha.
 A Wife's Heart (妻の心 Tsuma no kokoro) is a 1956 black and white Japanese film directed by Mikio Naruse of a wife (with a cheating husband) who falls for a handsome banker Toshiro Mifune.
 A Shine of Rainbows also known as Tomás and the Rainbows is a 2009 Irish family drama directed and co-written by Vic Sarin and a film adaptation of the novel A Shine of Rainbows by Lillian Beckwith.
 Jaggubhai is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language Action thriller written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar who with collaborates with the lead actor Sarath Kumar for their ninth film. Also starring Shriya Saran debutant Srisha and veteran comedian Goundamani; the film is produced by Sarath Kumar's wife Radhika and Punit Goenka. The film features music composed by Rafee whilst cinematography is handled by R. D.
 Cheap Thrills is a 2013 black comedy thriller directed by E.L. Katz. It premiered at South by Southwest (SXSW) on March 8 2013 and was acquired by Drafthouse Films and Snoot Entertainment. It was released on March 24 2014 in the United States.
 Andrei Svislotskiy is a 1992 animated short film by Russian animator Igor Kovalyov. The short focuses on the lives of three eccentric people living on a farm in the Russian countryside.
 Kedok Ketawa (Indonesian for The Laughing Mask also known by the Dutch title Het Lachende Masker) is a 1940 bandit film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). The first production of Union Films it was directed by Jo An Djan and starred Oedjang Fatimah Basoeki Resobowo and Eddy Kock. It follows a young couple who face off against criminals with the help of a masked bandit. The film was generally well received with most of the praise centred on its cinematography. It is likely lost.
 The Immoral (Norwegian: De Umoralske) is a 2013 Norwegian comedy film directed by Lars Daniel Krutzkoff Jacobsen. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Jaise Ko Taisa is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Murugan Kumaran about twins which live their lives in contrasting social status after they are separated at birth. The film stars Jeetendra and Sridevi as a child artist. R D Burman scored music for this film. Two songs 'ab ke sawan mein jee dare' and 'daiya re daiya re paap ki naiyya re' are not only good to listen but also picturised well. It is one more hit film having double roles.
 A Halo for Athuan is a 1986 Australian TV film about two nuns in a rural monastery.
 Imitation of Christ is a film shot and directed by Andy Warhol in 1967.
 Acqua Fuori Dal Ring (English: Ring of Water] is 2012 Italian film written and directed by Joel Stangle and co-written by Esther Stangle in Arabic and Italian. The film uses a largely Cinéma vérité style and the director employed non-professional actors and an improvised script shooting in Catania Sicily. The film parallels the lives of two boxers living in Catania one a Sicilian native and the other a Tunisian migrant.
 The Kook is an American live action short film. The film's run time is approximately 17 minutes. It was written and directed by Nat Livingston Johnson and Gregory Mitnick also known as the directing duo Peking and produced by Christina King. It premiered at The CFC Worldwide Short Film Festival in Toronto and screened as part of the 2012 Slamdance Film Festival.
 Varan the Unbelievable released in Japan as Giant Monster Varan (大怪獣バラン Daikaijū Baran) is a 1958 Kaiju film directed by Ishirō Honda (drama) and Eiji Tsuburaya (special effects) and their last black-and-white monster film. The title character Varan is one of Toho Studios' least-famed creations. Although shown in Japanese-language theaters in the USA the film saw general U.S.
 The Man Who Could Work Miracles is a 1936 British fantasy-comedy film. It is a greatly expanded version of H.G. Wells’s story of the same name.
 Agua (English: Water and in the United Kingdom: Argentinian Waters) is a 2006 Argentine and French sports drama film directed and written by Verónica Chen and Pablo Lago. The film is centered around a former professional swimming champion returning to old glory in the sport.
 Creature with the Atom Brain was a 1955 B movie zombie film from Clover Productions directed by Edward L. Cahn from a screenplay by Curt Siodmak and distributed by Columbia Pictures as the bottom half of a double bill with It Came from Beneath the Sea. The cast included Michael Granger Gregory Gaye as well as Richard Denning who starred in a number of similar 1950s B movies.
 Battleship Potemkin (Russian: Броненосец «Потёмкин» Bronenosets Po'tyomkin) sometimes rendered as Battleship Potyomkin is a 1925 silent film directed by Sergei Eisenstein and produced by Mosfilm. It presents a dramatized version of the mutiny that occurred in 1905 when the crew of the Russian battleship Potemkin rebelled against their officers of the Tsarist regime.
 Cutting It Short (Czech: Postřižiny) is a 1980 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. It is based on the novel Postřižiny by Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal. The story is set in a brewery in a Czech small town.The film is an evocation of the childhood memories of Bohumil Hrabal in his provincial town of Nymburk dominated by the local brewery.
 Incognito (Danish: Inkognito) is a 1937 Danish family film directed by Valdemar Lauritzen and starring Ib Schønberg.
 The Final Inch is a short documentary about the effort to eradicate polio. It was directed by Irene Taylor Brodsky and focuses on health workers who are on the front lines of the fight to eliminate the disease. It was filmed on location in Afghanistan Pakistan and India and received a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short Subject at the 81st Academy Awards.The film debuted on HBO on April 1 2009.
 See Heat (1995 film) for the 1995 film directed by Michael Mann.Heat is a 1986 action-thriller film about an ex-mercenary working as a bodyguard in Las Vegas. The film was written by William Goldman based on his 1985 novel of the same name. It was directed by Dick Richards and Jerry Jameson and stars Burt Reynolds Karen Young and Peter MacNicol.
 Tucker: The Man and His Dream is a 1988 biographical film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Jeff Bridges. The film recounts the story of Preston Tucker and his attempt to produce and market the 1948 Tucker Sedan which was met with scandal between the Big Three automobile manufacturers and accusations of stock fraud from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
 Joymoti - the saviour (Assamese: জয়মতী) is an Assamese film directed by Manju Borah. It was released in the year 2006. Shooting of the film was done in Keteng village at Margherita Assam.
 Free Eats is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Ray McCarey. It was the 112th (24th talking Our Gang episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 King Solomon's Mines is a 1985 action adventure film the third of five film adaptations of the 1885 novel by the same name by Henry Rider Haggard. It stars Richard Chamberlain Sharon Stone Herbert Lom and John Rhys-Davies. It was adapted by Gene Quintano and James R. Silke and directed by J. Lee Thompson. This version of the story was a light comedic take deliberately referring to and parodying Indiana Jones (in which franchise actor Rhys-Davies appeared in two installments).
 Lonesome Jim is a 2005 American comedy/drama film directed by Steve Buscemi. Filmed mostly in the city of Goshen Indiana the film stars Casey Affleck as a chronically depressed aspiring novelist who moves back into his parents' home after failing to make it in New York City.
 Not as a Stranger is a 1955 drama film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Morton Thompson.
 Berlin Calling is a 2008 German tragicomedy directed by Hannes Stöhr. The movie depicts the events following DJ and producer Ickarus's (Paul Kalkbrenner) institutionalization for drug abuse.
 Joyeux Noël (English: Merry Christmas) is a 2005 French film about the World War I Christmas truce of December 1914 depicted through the eyes of French Scottish and German soldiers. It was written and directed by Christian Carion. It was screened out of competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.The film was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards. The film was one of Ian Richardson's last appearances before his death on 9 February 2007.
 Youth of the Beast (野獣の青春 Yajū no seishun aka Wild Youth) is a 1963 Japanese yakuza film directed by Seijun Suzuki. Much of the film is set in Tokyo.
 Mickey in School is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 6 1928 by FBO.
 A Ilha dos Amores (Japanese: Koi no ukisima) is a 1982 Portuguese-Japanese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Marked Trails is a 1944 American Western film directed by John P. McCarthy.
 If I Were for Real (Chinese: 假如我是真的; pinyin: jiǎrú wǒ shì zhēn de) is a 1981 Taiwanese drama film directed by Wang Toon. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. It won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film in 1981.
 Zombie Night is a 2003 Canadian horror film directed by David J. Francis written by Francis and Amber Lynn Francis and starring Danny Ticknovich and Sandra Segovic.
 Dear America: Letters Home from Vietnam is an American grammy Award–winning 1987 documentary inspired by the anthology of the same title directed by Bill Couturié. Using real letters written by US soldiers (which can be read in the book along with many more) and archive footage the film creates a highly personal experience of the Vietnam War. The film won the Special Jury Prize: Documentary at Sundance Film Festival in 1988.
 The Coriolis Effect is a 1994 short black-and-white film starring James Wilder Jennifer Rubin Dana Ashbrook and Corinne Bohrer whilst featuring a voice-only cameo appearance from Quentin Tarantino. It was written and directed by Louis Venosta whilst being produced by Kathryn Arnold. The film's production companies were Secondary Modern Motion Pictures and Vanguard International Cinema.
 Land of Dreams is a 1988 Swedish essay film by Jan Troell. Its original Swedish title is Sagolandet which means The land of tales. Through a series of reportages from contemporary Sweden Troell uses the film to ponder on the country's transformation since his childhood into a society he argues has become permeated by rationality at the expense of creativity.
 Salt and Pepper is a 1968 comedy film starring Sammy Davis Jr. Peter Lawford Michael Bates Ilona Rodgers and John Le Mesurier. The film was directed by Richard Donner who later would direct such blockbuster successes as Superman and Lethal Weapon.It spawned a 1970 sequel One More Time directed by Jerry Lewis.
 Soundtrack is a 2011 Bollywood Stoner drama film and is an official remake of the Canadian independent film It's All Gone Pete Tong (2004). The film was directed by Debutant Neerav Ghosh and features Rajeev Khandelwal and Soha Ali Khan. The film received positive reviews from critics but was a flop at the box office.
 Underexposure is a 2005 Iraqi film in the docufiction style written and directed by Oday Rasheed produced by Enlil Film and Arts. The story follows a fictional Iraqi film crew inspired by the actual crew that struggles with making a film during the 2003 invasion of Iraq and subsequent American occupation. It was the first feature film to be shot in Iraq after the beginning of the Iraq War.
 The Pearl of the Orient (German: Die Perle des Orients) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Karl Heinz Martin and starring Viggo Larsen Carola Toelle and Tzwetta Tzatschewa. It premiered in Berlin on 12 August 1921.
 Oh What A Night is a 1944 crime drama starring Edmund Lowe & Jean Parker and directed by William Beaudine.The films story was written by Marian Orth and the screenplay by Paul Girard Smith.
 Blood and Sand (1941) is a Technicolor film produced by 20th Century Fox directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Tyrone Power Linda Darnell Rita Hayworth and Alla Nazimova. It is based on the Spanish 1909 novel Blood and Sand (Sangre y arena) by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez.There are two earlier versions of Blood and Sand a 1922 version produced by Paramount Pictures and starring Rudolph Valentino and a 1916 version filmed by Blasco Ibáñez himself with the help of Max André.
 Maybe Baby is a 2000 British comedy film written and directed by Ben Elton based upon his novel Inconceivable starring Hugh Laurie and Joely Richardson.
 True True Lie is 2006 thriller film directed by Eric Styles. The film follows Dana who after 12 years in an asylum is reunited with her family and childhood friends Nathalie and Paige. Dana slowly begins to realize that the events that led to her stay there may not have been imaginary. True True Lie stars Jaime King as Nathalie Lydia Leonard as Dana and Annabelle Wallis as Paige.
 The Saratov Approach is a 2013 dramatic thriller film about a 1998 kidnapping of two Mormon missionaries in Russia. It entered a limited release on October 9 2013 in Utah. The success of the film means that it is now released in the entire Mormon Corridor. On January 10 2014 the film entered a limited released in the entire nation and has received both critical and commercial success.
 Shyam Ramsay (born 17 May 1952 in Mumbai) is a Bollywood film director. He was one of the seven Ramsay Brothers who were active in Indian cinema throughout the 70s and the 80s. Shyam Ramsay was considered the main artist and head of this group.
 Valli (1993) is a Tamil language movie directed by the Tamil Director K. Nataraj. It stars Rajinikanth in a guest role with Sanjay and Priyaraman in the lead roles. The film's music was composed by maestro Ilayaraja. This movie got dubbed into Telugu as 'Vijaya'. It was a big failure at the box office incurring huge losses to Rajinikanth the producer.
 Special Studies Film II is a 2003 short film starring Sean Hall and Worm Miller that appears before the feature Hey Stop Stabbing Me!. It was written directed and shot by Matt Sell. The film is sometimes referred to by the titles Special Studies I Film II and Killer Doll.
 The Turin Horse (Hungarian: A torinói ló) is a 2011 Hungarian drama film directed by Béla Tarr and Ágnes Hranitzky starring János Derzsi Erika Bók and Mihály Kormos. It was co-written by Tarr and his frequent collaborator László Krasznahorkai. It recalls the whipping of a horse in the Italian city Turin which is rumoured to have caused the mental breakdown of philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.
 Chithariyavar (Malayalam: ചിതറിയവര്‍ English: The Shattered) is a 2004 Indian film directed by Lalji George and written by M. K. Harikumar.The movie is about a Dalit Youth's life who is struggling to make his life getting rid of the reservation system by chosing the merits. The movie tries to portray the need of reservation for economically and socially backward communities in India.Movie name means as The Shattered which resembles the Dalit Community in India.
 Macbeth is a 1987 French film of Verdi's opera Macbeth (libretto by Francesco Maria Piave based on Shakespeare's play) Directed by Claude d'Anna it was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fathom is a 1967 British spy comedy film directed by Leslie H. Martinson starring Anthony Franciosa and Raquel Welch. Fathom Harvill (Raquel Welch) is a dental assistant and an American skydiver touring Europe with a U.S. parachute team. She is approached by a Scottish agent to recover an atomic triggering mechanism.The film was based on Larry Forrester's second Fathom novel Fathom Heavensent then in the draft stage but never published. His first Fathom novel was 1967's A Girl Called Fathom.
 Er Dong (Chinese: 二冬; pinyin: èr dōng) directed by Yang Jin is a 2008 narrative independent Chinese film about a rebellious teenager in rural northern China. The film is shot in documentary-style and is the director's second feature.
 Banshee Chapter (sometimes referred to as The Banshee Chapter) is a 2013 horror film and the directorial debut of Blair Erickson. The film had its first screening at the Fantasy Filmfest on August 22 2013 and released on video on demand on December 12 of the same year. Banshee Chapter stars Katia Winter as a journalist who is trying to discover what happened to a missing friend of hers. The film is loosely based on the H. P. Lovecraft short story From Beyond and the 1986 film From Beyond.
 The Great Silence (Il grande silenzio 1968) or The Big Silence is an Italian spaghetti western.The movie features a score by Ennio Morricone and stars Jean-Louis Trintignant as Silence a mute gunfighter with a grudge against bounty hunters assisting a group of outlawed Mormons and a woman trying to avenge her husband (one of the outlaws). They are set against a group of ruthless bounty hunters led by Loco (Klaus Kinski).It is one of Corbucci's better known movies.
 Ynav Boseeba is a 1968 Khmer film adapted from one of the many tales of 1001 Arabian Nights. The film is directed by Yvon Hem and stars Kong Som Eun and Saom Vansodany. The film was discovered to be in existence in 2009.
 Der Verlorene (The Lost One) is a German language art film in the film noir style. Based on a true story Peter Lorre wrote directed and starred in this film his only film as director or writer. The film's name has been used (in translation) as the title of his biography.
 Yamaho Yama (Telugu: యమహో యమ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sairam Shankar Parvati Melton Srihari and Sanjjanaa and directed by Y. Jitender. G. Vijay Kumar produced this film for GVK Arts. Mahathi provided the music. Editing was by Marthand K. Venkatesh. Bharani K Dharan handled the Cinematography.
 Kadha Thudarunnu (Malayalam: കഥ തുടരുന്നു; English: The Story Continues) is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by Sathyan Anthikad. The lead pair in the film are Mamta Mohandas and Jayaram. The film is said to be inspired by the 2006 American biographical drama film The Pursuit of Happyness.Kadha Thudarunnu was Sathyan Anthikad's 50th film as a director and it was also the debut production of TrueLine Cinema's Thankachan Emmanuel.
 The Vegas Strip Wars (also called The Las Vegas Strip Wars) is a 1984 television movie directed by George Englund and starred Rock Hudson (his final television movie) Sharon Stone James Earl Jones and Pat Morita.The plot involves a charming Las Vegas hotel owner named Neil Chaine (Hudson) who gets fired by his superiors from the hotel-casino where he operates.
 The 7Up 2000 series is a new version of the Up Series recreated with children aged 7 at the turn of the millennium.The series is directed by Julian Farino and the second instalment 14 Up 2000 aired in two parts on BBC One in September 2007.
 Loser Takes All (1956) is a British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin starring Glynis Johns Rossano Brazzi and Robert Morley and based on a screenplay by Graham Greene.
 Reign of Assassins is a 2010 wuxia film directed by Su Chao-pin and co-directed by John Woo. The film is shot in China and set during the Ming Dynasty. The film stars Michelle Yeoh who plays an assassin who tries to return to a normal life after being counseled by a monk. After saving her husband and herself from robbers she attracts the attention of her former assassin gang.The film began production on October 30 and was shot in China and Taiwan.
 I Saw the Devil (Hangul: 악마를 보았다; RR: Angmareul boatda) is a 2010 South Korean psychological thriller/horror film directed by Kim Ji-woon written by Park Hoon-jung and starring Choi Min-sik and Lee Byung-hun. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and had a limited U.S theatrical release. The film was Choi Min-sik's first major role since his self-imposed exile in protest of the changes to the Korean screen quota system. The film has received generally positive reviews.
 The Burning Train is a Bollywood Action thriller film released in 1980 directed by Ravi Chopra and featuring a huge all-star cast. The plot revolves around a train named Super Express that catches fire on its inaugural run from New Delhi to Mumbai.
 The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 Disney film starring Kurt Russell still a student in the fictional Medfield College. It is the sequel to the 1972 film Now You See Him Now You Don't itself a sequel to the 1969 film The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes.
 The Littlest Rebel is a 1935 American dramatic film directed by David Butler. The screenplay by Edwin J. Burke was adapted from a play of the same name by Edward Peple and focuses on the tribulations of a plantation-owning family during the American Civil War. The film stars John Boles Karen Morley and Shirley Temple as the plantation family and Bill Robinson as their slave with Jack Holt as a Union officer.
 The Blue Boy is a 1994 British television film starring Emma Thompson. In the story a couple deal with personal conflict and supernatural happenings while spending the weekend at a secluded loch.
 The Bermuda Depths is a Japanese / American co-production 1978 fantasy film originally broadcast as a made-for-TV movie written by Arthur Rankin Jr. of Rankin/Bass fame. Special effects and creature elements were handled by Tsuburaya Productions most famous for the Ultraman franchise.It is available on DVD-R on-demand directly from the Warner Bros. Archive shop.
 Mujhe Jeene Do is a 1999 Urdu film produced in Pakistan and directed by Javed Sheikh. The film stars Meera Babar Ali Sana and Javed Sheikh. The films music is by Amjad Bobby.
 Underbelly Files: Tell Them Lucifer was Here is an Australian made-for-television movie that aired on 7 February 2011 on the Nine Network. It is the first of three television movies in the Underbelly Files series the other two being Infiltration and The Man Who Got Away.It tells the true story of the murders of two Victorian Police Officers Gary Silk and Rodney Miller who were gunned down in the line of duty in 1998 and the manhunt to catch their killers.
 Mr. Singh / Mrs. Mehta is a 2010 Hindi-language film starring Prashant Narayanan and Aruna Shields. It's directed by Pravesh Bhardwaj. The film is produced by Manu Kumaran and was released on June 24 2010.Mr Singh/Mrs Mehta is directorial debut of Pravesh Bhardwaj and features music of Grammy nominated artist Ustaad Shujaat Hussain Khan.
 Love Crimes of Kabul is a 2011 documentary film following select cases of inmates at Badam Bagh women's prison in Kabul Afghanistan where half are jailed for moral crimes.If they were good women they wouldn't be here says a prison guard at the beginning of the film.
 Downtown is a 1990 American police action comedy film directed by Richard Benjamin. This would be the second pairing of Anthony Edwards and Forest Whitaker both of whom played roles in Fast Times at Ridgemont High. (1982)
 Yellow Face is a 2010 independent documentary film directed by Han Tang about the big-budget feature film The Last Airbender and its use of Yellowface and casting of white actors in the Asian inspired lead roles of the film and the controversy that surrounds that issue.
 For the 1919 UK film based on the same play see Damaged Goods (1919 film). For the 1933 film based on the same play see Damaged Lives.Damaged Goods (1914) is an American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts and Richard Bennett starring Richard Bennett. It is based on Eugène Brieux's play Les Avariés (1901) about a young couple who contract syphilis. No print of the film is known to exist and Damaged Goods is considered to be a lost film.
 Cry Vengeance is a 1954 American film noir directed by Mark Stevens starring himself.
 La Femme Musketeer is a made for television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment and Larry Levinson Productions filmed on Draguć in Croatia. It originally premiered on June 20 2004 on Hallmark Channel.
 Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk western action-comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. A big-screen adaptation of the 1965–1969 TV series The Wild Wild West it stars Will Smith Kevin Kline (who appears in dual roles as the protagonist Artemus Gordon and as President Ulysses S. Grant) Kenneth Branagh and Salma Hayek.Similar to the series the film features a large amount of gadgetry.
 A Thousand Acres (1997) is an American motion picture drama directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse and starring Michelle Pfeiffer Jessica Lange Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jason Robards. It is an adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Jane Smiley which itself is a reworking of William Shakespeare's King Lear.
 Heiter bis Wolkig is a 2012 German comedy-drama film directed by Marco Petry and starring Max Riemelt Elyas M'Barek Jessica Schwarz and Anna Fischer.
 Benji the Hunted is a 1987 children's film about a dog trying to survive in the wilderness. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures. This was the last Benji movie to star Benjean in the title role. The film is notable for the fact Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert disagreed on the film with Siskel criticizing Ebert for giving a thumbs up rating to this film but not Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket.
 Into the Straight is a 1949 Australian horse racing melodrama directed by T. O. McCreadie.
 Full Moon in Blue Water is a 1988 film directed by Peter Masterson. It stars Gene Hackman and Teri Garr.
 Il sole negli occhi (internationally released as Empty Eyes) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Calling All Ma's is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Redd Davis and starring Billy Caryll Hilda Mundy and Margaret Yarde. A henpecked husband attempts to escape from his domineering wife. The film was made at Wembley Studios by 20th Century Fox's British subsidiary for release as a quota quickie.
 Samraat is a 1982 Bollywood Hindi action thriller starring Dharmendra Jeetendra Hema Malini Zeenat Aman and Amjad Khan. The story is about a sunken ship of gold and the quest to find it by all parties good and bad.
 Undertow is a 1949 thriller film directed by William Castle starring Scott Brady Peggy Dow Bruce Bennett Dorothy Hart and John Russell. It is the story of an ex-con a former Chicago mobster who is accused of the murder of a high ranking Chicago boss. The movie also marks the second film to feature a young actor named Rock Hudson and the first in which he received a film credit for his work.
 Passion Fish is a 1992 American film written and directed by John Sayles. The film stars Mary McDonnell Alfre Woodard Vondie Curtis-Hall David Strathairn Leo Burmester and Angela Bassett.It tells the story of a soap opera star paralyzed after being struck by a taxi who is forced to return to her family home and rely upon a series of nurses forcing each of them to leave her employment until one shows up guaranteed to stay.
 Gargoyles the Movie: The Heroes Awaken is a direct-to-video animated film from The Walt Disney Company. The film is actually the five-episode pilot (Awakening) of the animated television series Gargoyles edited into one long feature film approximately 90 minutes in length. As a result numerous scenes from the original broadcast episodes were cut due to time constraints. In addition a number of scenes were also moved around and some dialogues were changed.
 Maanja Velu (Tamil: மாஞ்சா வேலு) is a 2010 Tamil language action film directed by A. Venkatesh. It stars Arun Vijay Karthik Muthuraman and Dhansika in the lead with Prabhu Ganesan Vijayakumar and Riyaz Khan playing supporting roles and Santhanam and Ganja Karuppu providing comical relief. Most of the team from the successful venture Malai Malai re-united for this film which is a remake of the 2007 Telugu film Lakshyam. It has also been dubbed in Hindi as Zakhmi Cheetah.
 Rain Clouds over Wushan (Chinese: 巫山云雨; pinyin: Wū shān yún yǔ) (also known as In Expectation) is a 1995 Chinese film directed by Zhang Ming and written by Zhu Wen. The film follows the lives of two lonely people living in Wushan on the banks of the Yangtze River during the construction of the Three Gorges Dam. The satirical portrayal of rural life is considered part of the sixth generation movement that began in the early 1990s.
 Slogans (Parullat) is a 2001 Albanian film directed by Gjergj Xhuvani. It was the first Albanian film to be selected to screen on the Director's Fortnight at Cannes Filmfestival 2001 and has gone on to win many other festival awards.
 Selección Canina (Canine Team in English) is an upcoming Mexican 3D CGI sports comedy film directed by Ricardo Arnaiz and Carlos Pimentel.
 Love Lies and Murder is a 1991 American miniseries starring Clancy Brown Sheryl Lee Moira Kelly Tom Bower John Ashton and Cynthia Nixon. It is based on the 1985 murder of Linda Bailey Brown. The names were not changed for the film. The miniseries is four hours long and aired on NBC in two parts the first on February 16 1991 and the second on February 18 1991. Lifetime airs the miniseries.
 Mr. Vampire II also known as Mr. Vampire Part 2 is a 1986 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau starring Lam Ching Ying and produced by Sammo Hung. The film is the second of a series of five films directed by Ricky Lau in the Mr. Vampire franchise. Mr. Vampire and its sequels were released as part of the jiangshi cinematic boom in Hong Kong during the 1980s. The Chinese title of the film literally translates to Vampire Family.
 Jeevan Swapna is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 The Prize Winner of Defiance Ohio is a 2005 biographical film written and directed by Jane Anderson. It is based on the book by Terry Ryan. The film stars Julianne Moore Woody Harrelson and Laura Dern. The film received a limited release on October 14 2005.
 Lioness is a 2008 documentary film directed by Meg McLagan and Daria Sommers.
 The Female Bunch is a 1969 western film. It was directed by Al Adamson and starred Russ Tamblyn and Lon Chaney Jr. (in his final acting role in a feature film). The plot centered around a group of female criminals who cause trouble around the Mexican border. The Female Bunch was shot in the summer of 1969 at Spahn Ranch during the time that it was occupied by the Manson Family.The film was distributed on DVD by Troma Entertainment
 Chantilly Lace is a 1993 film shot in Sundance Utah for the Showtime Network and eventually released on video via Columbia TriStar Home Entertainment. The film was directed by Linda Yellen and features dialogue that was largely improvised by its ensemble cast led by JoBeth Williams Helen Slater Ally Sheedy and Martha Plimpton.
 No Picnic is a film written and directed by Philip Hartman. It was filmed in black and white at New York in 1985 and was released the next year in the Sundance Film Festival where it won Excellence In Cinematography Award Dramatic. Described as a cinematic love letter to a pre-gentrified New York the film captures the East Village of the 80s. Providing the soundtrack are such performers as The Raunch Hands Lenny Kaye Charles Mingus Fela Kuti Richard Hell and Student Teachers.
 Married in Canada is a Canadian documentary about human rights and cross-border same-sex marriage. The documentary is produced and directed by Arianne Robinson a Toronto-based filmmaker her first feature-length documentary.
 Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a 2007 American superhero film and the sequel to the 2005 film Fantastic Four. Both films are based on the Fantastic Four comic book and were directed by Tim Story.
 Night Moves is a 1975 mystery film directed by Arthur Penn. It stars Gene Hackman Jennifer Warren Susan Clark and features early career appearances by Melanie Griffith and James Woods.Hackman was nominated for the BAFTA Award for his portrayal of Harry Moseby a private investigator.
 Martin Luther Heretic was a film made in 1983 to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther. It was released on November 8 1983 in the United Kingdom two days before the 500th jubilee on November 10. It starred Jonathan Pryce as Martin Luther. Maurice Denham reprised his role of Johann von Staupitz that he played in the 1973 American Film Theater film Luther.
 The Yanks Are Coming is a 1963 American documentary film produced by Marshall Flaum. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Marshall Flaum wrote produced and directed the documentary about the American involvement in World War I.
 Destiny (Italian: Il Destino) is a 1938 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Cesare Bettarini.
 El Mariscal del infierno is a 1974 Argentine film.
 Swadesh Sewa is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Fathers and Sons (Italian: Padri e figli and also known as A Tailor's Maid) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. At the 7th Berlin International Film Festival Monicelli won the Silver Bear for Best Director award.
 Thoovanathumbikal (Malayalam: തൂവാനത്തുമ്പികൾ English: Dragonflies in the Spraying Rain) is a 1987 Malayalam romance film written and directed by P. Padmarajan which is based on his own novel Udakappola. The film revolves around Jayakrishnan (Mohanlal) who falls in love with two women; Radha (Parvathy) a distant relative of his and Clara (Sumalatha) an escort in town. The film has turned into a cult film with a large following and commands good viewership even till today.
 The Man Who Came to Dinner is a 1942 American comedy film directed by William Keighley and starring Bette Davis Ann Sheridan and Monty Woolley as the title character. The screenplay by Julius and Philip G. Epstein is based on the 1939 play of the same title by Moss Hart and George S. Kaufman.
 Screwballs II also known as Loose Screws is a 1985 independent film. It is a sequel to Screwballs.
 The Public Eye is a 1992 neo-noir film written and directed by Howard Franklin produced by Sue Baden-Powell and starring Joe Pesci and Barbara Hershey. Stanley Tucci and Richard Schiff appear in supporting roles.The film is loosely based on New York Daily News photographer Arthur Weegee Fellig and some of the photos in the film were taken by Fellig.
 Wild West Comedy Show: 30 Days & 30 Nights – Hollywood to the Heartland is a comedy documentary film directed by Ari Sandel and follows the 30 day comedy of tour of several stand up comedians. It premiered September 8 2006 at the Toronto International Film Festival. It opened in limited release in the United States on February 8 2008.
 Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death is a 1989 film starring Shannon Tweed and Bill Maher. The film sends-up many pop culture motifs and societal trends including feminism (and feminist movements' fragmentation around various issues) B-movies (particularly Cannibal Holocaust) celebrities major writers and political figures. It was the first feature directed (under the pseudonym J. D. Athens) by screenwriter J. F.
 Woman Sesame Oil Maker (Chinese: 香魂女; pinyin: Xiāng hún nǚ) is a 1993 Chinese film. In the English speaking world it has been released in the United Kingdom under the title Women from the Lake of Scented Souls (the more literal translation) and more recently on DVD as Woman Sesame Oil Maker.
 Jiggs and Maggie in Jackpot Jitters is a 1949 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Joe Yule Renie Riano and George McManus. It was the third of four films in the Jiggs and Magie film series spun off from Bringing Up Father (1946). The series follows the adventures of a family of Irish immigrants to the United States.
 Mama's Affair is a 1921 silent film by Victor Fleming based on the play of the same title by Rachel Barton Butler. Cast members Effie Shannon George Le Guere and Katherine Kaelred reprise their roles from the Broadway play.A print of this film survives in the Library of Congress.
 Champion is a 2000 film directed by Padam Kumar and starring Sunny Deol and Manisha Koirala.
 Ellam Avan Seyal is a 2008 Tamil film directed by Shaji Kailas. The film stars R. K. Ashish Vidyarthi Raghuvaran Roja Selvamani Bhama Manivannan Visu and Vadivelu in a modern day vigilante story.
 The Last Sin Eater is an American film released on February 9 2007 directed by Michael Landon Jr. and distributed by Fox Faith. It is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Francine Rivers. It was produced by Believe Pictures.
 That Uncertain Feeling is a 1941 comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Merle Oberon Melvyn Douglas and Burgess Meredith. The film is about the bored wife of an insurance salesman who meets an eccentric pianist and seeks a divorce. The screenplay by Walter Reisch and Donald Ogden Stewart was based on the 1880 French play Divorçons by Victorien Sardou and Émile de Najac. The film was a failure at the box office.[citation needed]
 Origin: Spirits of the Past (Japanese: 銀色の髪のアギト romaji: Gin-iro no kami no Agito  lit. Silver-Haired Agito) is a 2006 Japanese animated science fiction film directed by Keiichi Sugiyama and produced by Gonzo. It premiered in Japan on January 7 2006 and premiered in the United States on September 24 2006 at the Fantastic Fest film festival in Austin Texas.
 Une vie meilleure also known by its English release title A Better Life is a 2011 French film directed by Cédric Kahn and starring Guillaume Canet Leïla Bekhti and introducing Slimane Khettabi.
 Tulpan is a 2008 Kazakh drama film. It was directed by Sergey Dvortsevoy and distributed by Zeitgeist Films. Tulpan was Kazakhstan's 2009 Academy Awards official submission to Foreign Language Film category. It won the award for Best Film at the 2nd Asia Pacific Screen Awards.
 Mallanum Mathevanum is a 1976 Malayalam language film starring Prem Nazeer and Sheela in the lead roles. It was directed by Kunchacko.
 Here Come the Huggetts is a 1948 British film the first of the The Huggetts about a working class English family.
 The Glorious Resolve: Death Before Disgrace is a 2011 Pakistani documentary film made by the Inter-Services Public Relations department of the Pakistani military. It was created specifically to counter Taliban and Al-Qaeda propaganda videos by depicting the army and the fight against terror in a positive light.Glorious Resolve won Jury special award in the recently held International film festival Eserciti-e-Popoli held at Bracciano Italy.
 Surrogates is a 2009 American science fiction action film based on the 2005–2006 comic book series of the same name. Directed by Jonathan Mostow it stars Bruce Willis as Tom Greer an FBI agent who ventures out into the real world to investigate the murder of surrogates (humanoid remote control vehicles).
 Olympic Games is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 63rd Our Gang short subject released.[citation needed]
 In Hollywood with Potash and Perlmutter (1924) is an American silent comedy film produced by Samuel Goldwyn released through Associated First National Pictures and directed by Alfred E. Green. A sequel of sorts the Jewish ethnic comedy characters of Potash and Perlmutter return from their 1923 debut film also produced by Goldwyn but with a different actor for Potash.
 Mooru guttu ondu sullu ondu nija is a 2009 Kannada movie directed by Dinesh Babu. The film stars Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles. Komal Asha Latha Sharan appear in supporting roles.
 Corazón de turco is a 1940 Argentine film.
 The Scarlet Dove (Finnish: Tulipunainen kyyhkynen) is a 1961 Finnish thriller film directed by Matti Kassila. It was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Circus Kid (also known as Circus Kids) is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wu Ma. This film stars Yuen Biao Donnie Yen Irene Wan and Wu Ma.
 Appula Appa Rao (Telugu: అప్పుల అప్పారావు; English: Appula Apparao) is an Indian 1991 Telugu-language film directed by E.V.V. Satyanarayana which features Rajendra Prasad Shobana and Brahmanandam in the lead roles. Appula Apparao is scripted produced and directed by E.V.V. Satyanarayana under the banner Prasad Studios Chennai.
 Vachanam is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Lenin Rajendran. Lead roles were played by Suresh Gopi Jayaram and Sithara.
 Web of Suspicion is a 1959 British film.
 Raggedy Rose is a 1926 film American silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand. The film was co-written by Stan Laurel and directed by Richard Wallace.
 American Roulette is a 1988 British thriller film directed by Maurice Hatton and starring Andy Garcia Kitty Aldridge and Robert Stephens. A Latin American President is overthrown in a military coup and forms a government-in-exile in London. The Generals want him out of the way and send agents to kill him. Meanwhile several of the world's major intelligence agencies are also keeping a watch on him.
 A Desert Hero is a 1919 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film is considered to be lost.
 Famine (also known as Stupid Teens Must Die!) is a 2011 horror film written and directed by Ryan Nicholson and co-written by Jeff O'Brien.
 Saeta rubia is a 1956 Spanish film directed by Florián Rey.
 A Man There Was (Swedish: Terje Vigen) is a 1917 Swedish drama directed by Victor Sjöström based on a poem of the same title by Henrik Ibsen.
 The Hasty Heart is a 1949 Anglo-American co-production directed by Vincent Sherman and starring Ronald Reagan Patricia Neal and Richard Todd. The film based is based on the play of the same name by John Patrick. The Hasty Heart tells the story of a group of wounded Allied soldiers in a mobile surgery unit at the end of World War II who after initial resentment and ostracism rally around a loner unappreciative Scot who they know is dying.
 Aasha is a 1980 Hindi movie produced and directed by J. Om Prakash. The film stars Jeetendra Reena Roy Rameshwari Girish Karnad Bhagwan and Shakti Kapoor. The films music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal. The film became a blockbuster at the box office.The film was later remade into Telugu as Anuraga Devata (1982) starring N.T. Rama Rao (in Jeetendra's role) Sridevi (in Reena Roy's role) and Jayasudha (in Rameshwari's role).Director J.
 Living Will... is an American comedy film starring Ryan Dunn Gerard Haitz and April Scott.
 Sasura Ghara Zindabad (Oriya: ଶଶୁର ଘର ଜିଂଦାବାଦ୍) is a 2010 Oriya film screenplay & directed by Sanjay Nayak. This light entertaining film revolves around the three son-in-laws. The film achieved the rare distinction of entering the Limca Book of Records for having approval of censorship as one of two films by the same producer director cinematographer and hero along with the film Dil Tate Deichi on the same day.
 Yankee is a 1966 Italian Western film directed by Tinto Brass and starring Philippe Leroy.
 Entre la coupe et l'élection (Between the Cup and the Election) is a 2008 documentary film co-directed by Monique Mbeka Phoba and Guy Kabeya Muya.It tells of Zaire's football team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup and what happened to the players afterwards.
 Rabies (Hebrew: כלבת‎ Kalevet) is a 2010 Israeli film written and directed by Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado. It is the first Israeli horror film.
 Words and Pictures is a 2013 American drama film directed by Fred Schepisi. It was screened in the Gala Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Cross Fire is a 1933 Western film starring Tom Keene.It made a profit of $30000.
 Bolo Na Tumi Amar (Bengali: বলোনা তুমি আমার; English: Say You are Mine) (earlier titled 'Tomake Chara Bachbo Naa') is a Bengali language comedy-action film set in Bangladesh. It was directed by M B Manik and stars Shakib Khan Anika Kabir Shokh Nirob And Thoma Mirza. The film was a box-office success in Bangladesh.
 Devathalara Deevinchandi is a Telugu film directed by Kommineni Seshagiri Rao. His debut film was hit and resulted in many successful films later.It is remake of Nagin a highly successful 1976 Hindi film which in turn was inspired by François Truffaut's film The Bride Wore Black based on Cornell Woolrich's novel of the same name.
 The Rats is a 2002 made-for-TV horror film directed by John Lafia. It is about a clan of rats transformed into man-eating killers as of part of a DNA research test who overtake a Manhattan department store and threaten to overrun New York City. It was known as The Colony before it was released.[citation needed]
 The Dirty Game (German: Spione unter sich French: Guerre secrète Italian: La guerra segreta) is a 1965 anthology spy film starring Henry Fonda and Robert Ryan.The original film had Robert Ryan linking four different spy stories each helmed by a different director; original James Bond director Terence Young for the English sequences Christian-Jaque for the French Carlo Lizzani for the Italian and Werner Klingler for the German sequences but the German sequences were cut for the American release.
 Muhammad: Legacy of the Prophet is a PBS documentary film about the life of the Islamic prophet Muhammad based on historical records and on the stories of living American Muslims who call Muhammad the Messenger of God. It was produced in 2002 by Alex Kronemer and Michael Wolfe of Unity Productions Foundation and Kikim Media.
 The Talk of the Town is a 1942 American comedy/drama film directed by George Stevens starring Cary Grant Jean Arthur and Ronald Colman with a supporting cast featuring Edgar Buchanan and Glenda Farrell. The screenplay was adapted by Dale Van Every Irwin Shaw and Sidney Buchman from a story by Sidney Harmon. The picture was released by Columbia Pictures.
 The Whistler is a 1944 American mystery film noir based on the radio drama The Whistler. Directed by William Castle the production features Richard Dix Gloria Stuart and J. Carrol Naish. It is the first of Columbia Pictures' eight Whistler films starring Richard Dix produced in the 1940s.
 The Bride Was Beautiful (Hungarian: A menyasszony gyönyörű volt Italian: La sposa era bellissima) is a 1986 Hungarian-Italian drama film directed by Pál Gábor.
 Thoothukudi is gangster film set in the Thoothukudi district of Tamil Nadu.
 Grand Duke's Finances (German: Die Finanzen des Großherzogs) is a 1924 silent German comedy film directed by F. W. Murnau.
 The Big Bounce is a 2004 comedy caper film starring Owen Wilson Charlie Sheen Sara Foster and Morgan Freeman. It was directed by George Armitage and based on a novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard.Leonard's novel had previously been adapted for the big screen in a 1969 film of the same name directed by Alex March and starring Ryan O'Neal.
 Walking the Halls is a 2012 television film directed by Doug Campbell. Originally airing on Lifetime the film was written by Christine Conradt and Ken Sanders and features Jamie Luner and Caitlin Thompson.
 Limbo is a 1999 drama film written produced edited and directed by American independent filmmaker John Sayles. The drama features Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio David Strathairn Vanessa Martinez and Kris Kristofferson.
 Working Tra$h is a 1990 television film and one of the first TV movies made for the then-burgeoning Fox Network. The film stars George Carlin and also features a young Ben Stiller in his first leading role.
 Saat Paake Bandha is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Sujit Mondol. This film was starred by Jeet and Koyel Mullick who featured in the film together after a long time since Ghatak in 2006. The film was a remake of Telugu film Pavitra Bandham.
 C.H.U.D. II: Bud the C.H.U.D. is a 1989 comedy horror film directed by David K. Irving written by M. Kane Jeeves and stars Brian Robbins Tricia Leigh Fisher Bianca Jagger and Gerrit Graham in the title role.
 Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar (Bengali: একবার বলো উত্তম কুমার) is a 2009 comedy Bengali film directed by Chinmoy Roy. The film stars Parambrato Chatterjee Mumtaz Sorcar Soumitra Chatterjee Sabitri Chatterjee Piyali Munsi and Diganta Bagchi. This film is Chinmoy Roy's directorial debut and that of magician PC Sorcar Junior’s youngest daughter Mumtaz Sorcar.
 Kill Me Again is a 1989 American thriller film directed by John Dahl and starring Val Kilmer Joanne Whalley and Michael Madsen. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer distributed the film.
 13 Semester is a German film.
 Haq is a 2010 Malaysian action-drama film directed by CL Hor and Jumaatun Azmi. The film follows two brothers gifted with both good and evil powers who must either overcome or succumb to their own demons when they finally confront each other.
 His New Profession is a 1914 American comedy silent film made at the Keystone Studios and starring Charlie Chaplin. The film involves Chaplin taking care of a man in a wheelchair. It is also known as The Good for Nothing.
 Delgo is a 2008 American computer-animated fantasy film produced by Fathom Studios a division of Macquarium Intelligent Communications which began development of the project in 1999.Despite winning the Best Feature award at Anima Mundi the film's box office was one of the lowest-grossing wide releases in recent history. Delgo grossed just $915840 in theatres against an estimated budget of $40 million according to box office tracking site The Numbers.
 Tuff Turf is a 1985 American drama film starring James Spader and Kim Richards. The film was released in the United States on January 11 1985.
 Swapne Dekha Rajkanya is a Bengali film released in 2004. A family drama. The film stars Mithun Chakraborty and Jaya Prada in Guest roles along with Main Cast Amitava Bhattacharya and Ushoshi Mishra
 Powder Room is a 2013 British comedy film directed by MJ Delaney and written by Rachel Hirons. It is based on the stage play When Women Wee scripted by Hirons devised by Natasha Sparkes Stephanie Jay Emily Wallis Amirah Garba Amy Revelle Stef O'Driscoll and Jennifer Davies. The film stars Sheridan Smith Jaime Winstone Kate Nash and Oona Castilla Chaplin.
 Ulladakkam is 1991 Malayalam Psychological Thriller by Kamal. The film stars Mohanlal Amala and Shobana in the lead roles. The movie was produced by Suresh Balaji under the banner of Sithara Combines and was distributed by Bhavachithra and Murali Release.
 Arangetram is a 1973 Tamil-language family drama film directed by K. Balachander starring Prameela Sivakumar S. V. Subbaiah Kamal Haasan and M. N. Rajam in prominent roles. The film marked Kamal Haasan's first adult role while along with Prameela Jayachitra Jayasudha Sashikumar and Achacho Chitra made their debuts in Tamil cinema. V.
 Biktima is a 2012 Filipino drama film starring Cesar Montano and Angel Aquino. The film is directed by R.D. Alba and produced under Alba Productions and CM Films. It is released by Star Cinema on September 19 2012.
 Computer Warriors was a toy line made by Mattel from 1989-1990. The storyline behind the toys involves a top-secret government computer which unleashes evil Virus troops. These troops led by Megahert hide in everyday household objects and have the goal of world domination by taking control of computers. The government computer then produces antivirus' the Computer Warriors led by Romm to battle the Virus troops.
 Mixed Flats is a 1915 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 The Substitute Wife is a 1994 television movie starring Farrah Fawcett along with Lea Thompson and Peter Weller.
 In My Life (Danish: Honning Måne) is a 1978 Danish drama film written and directed by Bille August. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 So This Is Harris! is a 1933 American short comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich. It won an Academy Award in 1934 for Best Short Subject (Comedy).
 The Relative of His Excellency (Hungarian:A kegyelmes úr rokona) is a 1941 Hungarian comedy film directed by Félix Podmaniczky and starring László Szilassy Erzsi Simor and Artúr Somlay. It was based on a novel by Zoltán Szitnyai.
 Ladybird Ladybird is a 1994 British drama film directed by Ken Loach.It is a drama-documentary about a British woman's dispute with Social Services over the care and custody of her four children. The title comes from a traditional nursery verse. Crissy Rock won the Silver Bear for Best Actress award at the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.The film holds a positive rating of 67% on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Our New Errand Boy is a 1905 British short silent comedy film directed by James Williamson about a new errand boy engaged by a grocer who soon regrets the appointment.
 The Midnight Girl is a 1925 drama film directed by Wilfred Noy starring Lila Lee and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 The Barbarian and the Geisha is a 1958 film starring John Wayne Sam Jaffe and Japanese actress Eiko Ando set in 1850s Japan. Shot primarily on location in Japan it was directed by John Huston.
 The Land Before Time is a 1988 American animated adventure drama film directed and co-produced by Don Bluth (at Sullivan Bluth Studios) and executive produced by Steven Spielberg George Lucas Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall.Originally released by Universal Pictures and Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment it features anthropomorphic dinosaurs living in the prehistoric times. The plot concerns a young Apatosaurus named Littlefoot who is orphaned when his mother is killed by a Tyrannosaurus.
 Ziegfeld Girl is a 1941 American musical film starring James Stewart Judy Garland Hedy Lamarr and Lana Turner and co-starring Tony Martin Jackie Cooper Eve Arden and Philip Dorn. Released by MGM it was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and featured musical numbers by Busby Berkeley.Set in the 1920s the film tells the parallel stories of three women who become performers in the renowned Broadway show the Ziegfeld Follies.
 Distance is a 2001 film by Japanese director Koreeda Hirokazu starring Arata Tadanobu Asano Iseya Yusuke Terajima Susumu and Natsukawa Yui.
 The Milker's Mishap is a very early short 1897 comedy film about a man milking a Holstein which becomes frisky and kicks over the milker and the pail of milk. The man blames some farm hands and a quarrel ensues.
 The Man Inside is a 1990 film directed by Bobby Roth. It stars Jürgen Prochnow and Peter Coyote. It was nominated for a Mystfest award in 1990.
 Hello Hemingway is a 1990 Cuban drama film directed by Fernando Pérez and starring Laura de la Uz. The plot set in Havana in the last period of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship follows a young girl whose aspirations to obtain a scholarship in America against the odds are paralleled with her reading of Ernest Hemingway's The old man and the sea.
 A is a 1998 Indian Kannada language blockbuster psychological love story film written and directed by Upendra. It starred Upendra and Chandini as the lead couple. It tells the love story between a film director and an actress which is narrated through multiple flashbacks within flashbacks and reverse screenplay. The film deals with dark truths of the film world like the casting couch.
 The Unhanged (Finnish: Hirttämättömät) is a 1971 Finnish western comedy film directed by Spede Pasanen and Vesa-Matti Loiri. It is the sequel to the 1970 film Speedy Gonzales - noin 7 veljeksen poika. In addition to Loiri (who didn't get to act in Speedy Gonzales because of an injury) the film also stars Pasanen's other stock actors such as Simo Salminen and Olavi Ahonen.
 Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is a 2008 documentary film by Kevin Rafferty covering the 1968 meeting between the football teams of Yale and Harvard in their storied rivalry. The game has been called the most famous football game in Ivy League history.
 Deewana Main Deewana is a 2013 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Govinda Priyanka Chopra Kader Khan Prem Chopra Johnny Lever and Shakti Kapoor directed by K. C. Bokadia. The film was released worldwide on February 1 2013. This film was shot approximately ten years ago. The film is a Hindi remake of Tamil film Priyamudan directed by Vincent Selva.
 This Is Sanlitun is a 2013 comedy film directed by Róbert Ingi Douglas. It is a co-production between China Iceland and Ireland. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Roja Malare is a 1997 Tamil romantic drama film directed by T. M. Jayamurugan. The film features Murali Reeva Arun Pandian and Anand Babu in lead roles. The film produced by Nirmaladevi Jayamurugan had musical score by Adithyan and was released on 5 December 1997 to negative reviews.
 A Town Like Alice is a 1956 British drama film based on the novel by Nevil Shute and with Virginia McKenna and Peter Finch in the leading roles. The film does not follow the whole novel concluding at the end of Part Two of the book and many plot details are truncated or omitted. It was partially filmed in Malaya and Australia.
 G: Methamphetamine on the Navajo Nation known simply as G is a 2004 independent documentary film directed and produced by Shonie De La Rosa and Larry Blackhorse Lowe. It explores the effect that methamphetamine has had on the Navajo Nation and interviews the people whose lives have been affected by the highly addictive drug.
 Desire in the Dust is a 1960 film made by 20th Century Fox directed by William F. Claxton and produced by Robert L. Lippert. The film stars Raymond Burr Martha Hyer and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Charles Lang based on a novel by Harry Whittington.
 Segunda Mano (English: Second Hand) is a 2011 Filipino horror suspense film directed by Joyce Bernal and it stars Kris Aquino Dingdong Dantes and Angelica Panganiban. The film was produced and released by Star Cinema with the co-production of Agosto Dos Pictures and MJM Productions. It is also an official entry to the 2011 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Easy Money a satirical 1948 British film about one of the most beloved traditions of the English middle class the football pool is composed of four tales about the effect a major win has on four different groups in the postwar period. Written by Muriel and Sydney Box and directed by Bernard Knowles it was released by Gainsborough Pictures.
 Surviving Evil (also known as Evil Island) is a 2009 horror film directed and written by Terence Daw produced by David Pupkewitz Anton Ernst and Malcolm Kohll and stars Billy Zane Christina Cole Natalie Mendoza and Louise Barnes. Six documentary filmmakers attempt to survive their visit to a Philippine island to shoot a survival special when they discover the shape shifting blood thirsty Aswang creature of the Philippine folklore inhabits the island.
 La Gran felicidad is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Breathless is a 1983 American drama film directed by Jim McBride and written by McBride and L. M. Kit Carson starring Richard Gere and Valérie Kaprisky. It is a remake of the 1960 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and written by Jean-Luc Godard and François Truffaut À bout de souffle (known as Breathless in English) and was released in France under the title A Bout de Souffle Made in USA. The original film is about an American girl and a French criminal in Paris.
 The Hunt for Red October is a 1990 American action thriller film based on Tom Clancy's novel of the same name. It was directed by John McTiernan and stars Sean Connery as Captain Marko Ramius and Alec Baldwin as Jack Ryan. The fictional story is set during the Cold War era; involving a rogue Russian naval captain who wishes to defect to the United States and an American CIA analyst who correctly deduces that circumstance and must prove his theory to the U.S.
 Sound of the Sea (Spanish: Son de Mar) is a 2001 Spanish drama / erotic film directed by Juan José Bigas Luna based on the novel of the same title by Manuel Vicent.It revolves around Ulises (Jordi Mollà) who comes to a fishing village to teach literature at a local high school. During his stay he falls in love with Martina (Leonor Watling) the daughter of his landlord. Sierra (Eduard Fernández) a rich businessman also falls in love with her and fruitlessly tries to win her heart.
 The Beatles: The First U.S. Visit is a 1991 re-edited version of renowned documentary filmmaking team Albert and David Maysles' 1964 16mm documentary What's Happening! The Beatles In The U.S.A. about the Beatles' first visit to America in February 1964. It documents the Beatles' US trip as they travel to New York City Washington DC and Miami Beach.
 Ma and Pa Kettle at Waikiki is a 1955 American comedy film directed by Lee Sholem. It is the seventh installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride.
 Fatum is a 1915 Dutch silent drama film directed by Theo Frenkel.
 A Day's Adventure is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Brown Sugar is a 2002 American romance film written by Michael Elliott and Rick Famuyiwa directed by Famuyiwa and starring Taye Diggs and Sanaa Lathan. The film is a story of a lifelong friends A&R Andre and Editor in Chief Sidney. The two can attribute their friendship and the launch of their careers to a single seminal childhood moment - the day they discovered hip-hop on a New York street corner.
 Poove Unakkaga is a 1996 Tamil romantic film starring Vijay and Sangita in the lead roles. It was the first blockbuster in Vijay's career and a major breakthrough. The film was remade in Telugu as Subhakankshalu (1997) in Kannada as Ee Hrudaya Ninagagi (1997) and in Hindi as Badhaai Ho Badhaai (2002).
 Masters of the Universe is a 1987 science fantasy film based on the toy line of the same name. The film stars Dolph Lundgren as He-Man and Frank Langella as Skeletor alongside Jon Cypher as Man-At-Arms Chelsea Field as Teela Billy Barty as Gwildor and Courteney Cox as Julie.The film was released in the United States on August 7 1987.
 Girls' Dormitory is a 1936 American romance film directed by Irving Cummings.
 Ranganayaki (Kannada: ರಂಗನಾಯಕಿ The Heroine of the Stage) is a 1981 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal starring Ambarish Aarathi Ramakrishna Ashok Rajanand. The film is an based on the novel Ranganayaki by Ashwattha.
 The Time of Your Life is a 1958 live television version of William Saroyan's play starring Jackie Gleason directed by Tom Donovan and adapted by A. J. Russell. The telecast was shown on October 9 1958 and was the third episode of the third season of the anthology series Playhouse 90.
 Aafat (Hindi: आफ़त; translation: Hardship) is 1977 Bollywood film directed by Atma Ram and starring Navin Nischol Leena Chandavarkar Amjad Khan MehmoodNazir Hussain.
 The Interview is a 1998 Australian thriller film from writer-director Craig Monahan and is the first of two films directed by Monahan. Almost the entire film takes place in a police interrogation room with some short flashback sequences and the cast consists primarily of three key actors—Hugo Weaving Tony Martin and Aaron Jeffery.
 El Yazısı (international title: One Day or Another) is a Turkish drama comedy film written and directed by Ali Vatansever (Ali Vatansever).
 Morgenrot is a 1933 German submarine film set during World War I. Released three days after Adolf Hitler became Reichskanzler it was the first film to have its screening in Nazi Germany. It became a symbol of the new times touted by the Nazi regime.The title (literally morning-red) is the German term for the reddish coloring of the east sky about a half hour before the sunrise. Dawn was the U.S.
 How I Killed My Father (French: Comment j'ai tué mon père) is a 2001 French film directed by Anne Fontaine.
 Professor is a 1962 Hindi movie produced by F. C. Mehra and directed by Lekh Tandon. The film stars Shammi Kapoor Kalpana Bela Bose Lalita Pawar Tun Tun and Iftekhar. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan. The film became a box office hit. The film was remade in Tamil as Nadigan in Telugu as Peddainti Alludu and in Kannada as Gopi Krishna.
 Monster a Go-Go! is a 1965 science fiction horror film directed by Bill Rebane and Herschell Gordon Lewis (who remained uncredited in association with this film). The film is considered to be one of the worst films ever.The film was featured in an episode of movie-mocking television show Mystery Science Theater 3000 on Comedy Central. As it is an incredibly blatant deus ex machina the phrase but there was no monster! became an often repeated riff for similar events in other films.
 No Pressure is a controversial 2010 short film produced by the global warming mitigation campaign 10:10 written by Richard Curtis and Franny Armstrong and directed by Dougal Wilson. Intended for cinema and television advertisements No Pressure is composed of scenes in which a variety of people in every-day situations are graphically blown to pieces for failing to be sufficiently enthusiastic about the 10:10 campaign to reduce CO2 emissions.
 The FP is a 2011 American independent comedy film written and directed by Brandon and Jason Trost. The film focuses on two gangs battling for control over Frazier Park (The FP) who settle their disputes by playing Beat-Beat Revelation a video game similar to Dance Dance Revolution. It follows JTRO (Jason Trost) a 248 gang member and his journey to defeat L Dubba E (Lee Valmassy) the leader of the rival 245 gang. The film co-stars Caitlyn Folley Art Hsu Nick Principe.
 Offing David is a 2008 Australian crime/mystery film. It was directed by Jeff Bays and was filmed in Sydney New South Wales in 2007.
 Return to El Salvador is a 2010 documentary film directed by Philadelphia filmmaker Jamie Moffett and narrated by Martin Sheen. It chronicles the rebuilding of El Salvador in the years after the Salvadoran Civil War and explores the impact a lasting legacy of violence and unrest has had on those who survived fled and are now seeking to return.
 De la coupe aux lèvres is a 1920 French silent film directed by Guy du Fresnay.
 Sri Anjaneyam(Telugu: శ్రీ ఆంజనేయం) is a Telugu film directed and produced by Krishna Vamsi. It stars Nitin Charmme Kaur Arjun Sarja in the lead roles. Prakash Raj and Ramya Krishna play supporting roles. This film has been dubbed in Tamil as Hanumaan.It is also dubbed in Hindi as My Boss Bajarangbali and remade in Oriya as Chhati Chiri dele tu directed by S.K.Muralidharan starring Anubhav Mohanty & Sidhant Mohapatra.
 Baby Face Nelson is a 1957 crime film noir based on the real-life 1930s gangster directed by Don Siegel co-written by Daniel Mainwaring—who also wrote Siegel's 1956 sci-fi thriller Invasion of the Body Snatchers—and starring Mickey Rooney as Baby Face Nelson and featuring Leo Gordon as John Dillinger.
 Ghosts Don't Exist is a 2010 American psychological horror film written and directed by Eric Espejo and starring Phillip Roebuck Devon Marie Burt Frederick Cowie and Josh Davidson. A number of local Washingtonian celebrities make cameos in the film including executive producer Chris Cooley (Washington Redskins) Lindsay Czarniak (NBC 4) Mike O'Meara (formerly host of The Mike O'Meara Show on WJFK-FM) and Todd Yoder (NFL Free Agent).
 Chinnari Mutta is a 1993 Indian Kannada movie directed by T.S. Nagabharana. The movie went on to win numerous awards and the movie also went for a superhit.
 The Original Latin Kings of Comedy is a 2002 stand-up comedy film directed by Jeb Brien and the sequel to The Original Kings of Comedy. The film features the stand up routines of George Lopez Cheech Marin Joey Medina Alex Reymundo and Paul Rodríguez. Nayib Estéfan deejayed. The primary subject of jokes is the Mexican way of living both in the US as well as in Mexico.
 Die Pratermizzi (literally Mizzi of the Prater) is an Austrian silent drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky in 1926 released in January 1927 and starring Anny Ondra Igo Sym and Nita Naldi. The film was long believed lost until its rediscovery in 2005. The film's art direction was by Artur Berger and Emil Stepanek.
 Give Us This Day is a 1949 British film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It was released in the United States as Christ in Concrete. Another alternate title was Salt and the Devil.The film was based on the 1939 novel Christ in Concrete by Pietro Di Donato. The title is taken from the Lord's Prayer.
 Daisy (Hangul: 데이지) is a 2006 film directed by Hong Kong filmmaker Andrew Lau of the Infernal Affairs trilogy. Daisy is an urban romantic melodrama involving young painter Hye-young (Jun Ji-hyun) Interpol detective Jeong Woo (Lee Sung-jae) and professional hitman Park Yi (Jung Woo-sung).Daisy was produced by iFilm (a SidusHQ subsidiary) and opened in South Korean cinemas on March 9 2006. There are two versions of Daisy: an Asian cut and an international cut.
 Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 Spanish-American Adventure-fantasy film and sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans. The film stars Sam Worthington Rosamund Pike Bill Nighy Édgar Ramírez Toby Kebbell Danny Huston Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson.
 Casablanca is a 1942 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and based on Murray Burnett and Joan Alison's un-produced stage play Everybody Comes to Rick's. The film stars Humphrey Bogart Ingrid Bergman and Paul Henreid; and features Claude Rains Conrad Veidt Sydney Greenstreet Peter Lorre and Dooley Wilson. Set during World War II it focuses on a man torn between in the words of one character love and virtue.
 Uuno Turhapuro armeijan leivissä (Uuno Turhapuro in the Army) is a 1984 Finnish comedy and the ninth film in the Uuno Turhapuro film series starring Vesa-Matti Loiri as the title character Spede Pasanen as the potty-mouthed mechanic Härski Hartikainen and Simo Salminen as their constant companion Sörsselssön. It is to date the highest-grossing Finnish comedy and not too surprisingly the most well known in the Turhapuro series.
 Under a Cloud is a 1937 British drama film directed by George King and starring Betty Ann Davies Edward Rigby Bernard Clifton Brian Buchel and Peter Gawthorne. A man returns from Australia and tries to reconcile with his estranged family.
 Woman of the Port (Spanish: La mujer del puerto) is a 1991 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Ripstein. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bába is a 2008 Czech short drama film directed by Zuzana Kirchnerová. It won the 1st Prize in the Cinéfondation section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
 Fabiola is a 1918 Italian silent historical film directed by Enrico Guazzoni and starring Augusto Mastripietri Amleto Novelli and Elena Sangro. It is an adaptation of the 1854 novel Fabiola by Nicholas Patrick Wiseman about the rise of Christianity in the Roman Empire. It was one of a series of historical epics for which the Italian film industry became famous during the era. The novel was later turned into a sound film Fabiola in 1949.
 Chagall is a 1963 short documentary film directed by Lauro Venturi. It won an Academy Award at the 36th Academy Awards in 1964 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Chalet Girl is a 2011 British romantic comedy film directed by Phil Traill. The film stars Felicity Jones Bill Bailey Ed Westwick Sophia Bush Brooke Shields and Bill Nighy. The film was produced by Pippa Cross Harriet Rees Dietmar Guentsche and Wolfgang Behr and written by Tom Williams. It was filmed on location in Sankt Anton am Arlberg Austria and in Garmisch-Partenkirchen Germany. Critical reaction to the film was mixed but overall praised Felicity Jones in the leading role.
 Szamanka (Polish pronunciation: [ʂaˈmaŋka] The Shaman) is a Polish-French-Swiss film released in 1996 directed by Andrzej Żuławski and adapted from a screenplay by Manuela Gretkowska. The film which was controversial upon its release in Poland is about the obsessive relationship between an anthropology professor and a disturbed woman only known as the Italian. The name of the film comes from the mummified shaman that is studied by the professor.
 Sivasakthi is a 1996 Tamil crime film directed by Suresh Krissna. The film features Sathyaraj Prabhu and Rambha in lead roles. The film was produced by M. G. Sekar and S. Santhanam had musical score by Deva and was released on 6 September 1996. The films was dubbed in Telugu under the same title. It is loosely a remake of the Hindi movie Agneepath (1990 film).
 The Trial is a 1993 film made by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) based on Harold Pinter's screenplay adaptation of Franz Kafka's 1925 novel The Trial.Directed by David Jones and produced by Jan Balzer and Louis Marks the film stars Kyle MacLachlan and has cameo appearances by several prominent British actors including Anthony Hopkins Juliet Stevenson Alfred Molina David Thewlis and Michael Kitchen.The film was shot in Prague.
 Lefty (Russian: Левша́ translit. Levsha) is a 1964 feature-length cutout-animated film from the Soviet Union. The film is based on the story of the same name by the 19th century Russian novelist Nikolai Leskov. It was directed by the Patriarch of Soviet animation Ivan Ivanov-Vano at the Soyuzmultfilm studio.The score was performed by the Government Symphony Orchestra conducted by Grigori Gamburg.
 Guns at Batasi is a 1964 drama CinemaScope film starring Richard Attenborough Jack Hawkins Flora Robson John Leyton and Mia Farrow. It is set in an overseas colonial military outpost during the last days of the British Empire in East Africa.The film which is based on the 1962 novel The Siege of Battersea by Robert Holles was directed by John Guillermin and filmed at Pinewood Studios despite being set in Africa.
 El Encuentro is a 1966 Argentine film.
 The Right to Happiness is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Jack Richardson Louise Lester Vivian Rich Harry von Meter and Joseph Galbraith.
 Jackie Chan Presents: Metal Mayhem a.k.a. Gen-X Cops 2: Metal Mayhem and Gen-Y Cops is a 2002 Sci Fi Pictures science fiction TV-movie sequel to Gen-X Cops a.k.a. Tejing Xinrenlei.
 Luxury Liner is a 1933 American drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring George Brent Zita Johann and Vivienne Osborne. It was based on a 1932 novel by Gina Kaus and made by Paramount Pictures. Mendes worked on a number of films for Paramount during the era. Shortly after making the film he went to Britain where he directed his most celebrated film Jew Süss.
 Salvage is a 2006 horror film by the Crook Brothers. It was an official selection of the 2006 Sundance Festival. According to the directors' commentary the film was shot for around $25000. It stars Lauren Currie Lewis as Claire Parker Cody Darbe as her boyfriend Jimmy and Chris Ferry as the killer Duke Desmond.
 So ein Flegel is a 1934 German comedy film based on the novel Die Feuerzangenbowle. It modifies the story by introducing the concept of two brothers Pfeiffer switching places: While the younger brother takes over his elder brother’s job the older brother attends the younger one’s school. Heinz Rühmann starred in the double role of the brothers Pfeiffer in this lesser known movie a decade before playing Hans Pfeiffer in the more popular 1944 version.
 Genghis Blues (1999) is a documentary film directed by Roko Belic. It centers on the journey of blind American singer Paul Pena to the isolated Russian state of Tuva due to his interest in Tuvan throat singing.It won the 1999 Sundance Film Festival Audience Award for a Documentary. It was also nominated for an Academy Award in 2000 in the Best Documentary Feature category.
 Ultra Warrior also known as Welcome to Oblivion is a post-apocalyptic 1990 film directed by Augusto Tamayo San Román and Kevin Tent. Set in a futuristic dystopia a nuclear holocaust creates mutants who inhabit the radioactive areas. One man emerges as the leader of a group of survivors called Muties.
 The Warriors is a 1979 American cult action thriller drama film directed by Walter Hill and based on Sol Yurick's 1965 novel of the same name. Like the novel the film borrows elements from the Anabasis by Xenophon.
 Smashing Time is a 1967 British comedy film starring Rita Tushingham and Lynn Redgrave. It is a satire on the 1960s media-influenced phenomenon of Swinging London.It was written by George Melly and directed by Desmond Davis. The supporting cast included Ian Carmichael Michael York Jeremy Lloyd Anna Quayle Irene Handl Arthur Mullard and Geoffrey Hughes.
 The Yellow Handkerchief is a 2008 independent drama film. The film is a remake of the 1977 Japanese classic of the same name The Yellow Handkerchief (幸福の黄色いハンカチ Shiawase no kiiroi hankachi lit. The yellow handkerchief of happiness) directed by Yoji Yamada. Set in present-day southern United States The Yellow Handkerchief stars William Hurt as Brett Hanson an ex-convict who embarks on a road trip straight out of prison.
 Project Makeover (Hangul: 언니가 간다; RR: Eonni-ga Ganda; also known as Operation Makeover or Go Go Sister) is a 2007 South Korean film. In an online poll conducted by web portal Daum Korean netizens named Project Makeover as the worst film of 2007.
 The Human Factor (Italian: La variabile umana) is a 2013 Italian neo-noir film directed by Bruno Oliviero. It entered the competition at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Extreme Limits (also known as Crash Point Zero) is a 2000 action film about the recovery of Nikola Tesla's death ray. The film is directed by Jay Andrews and produced by T. J. Terrier. Shot on an extremely low budget incorporating a large amount of footage from other films and being released direct-to-video Extreme Limits falls into the category of modern B movie.After Tesla's ray is discovered in Siberia by Dr.
 Legend of the Eight Samurai (里見八犬伝 Satomi Hakken-den) is a 1983 Japanese historical martial arts fantasy film directed by Kinji Fukasaku. The script is adapted from a 1982 novel Shin Satomi Hakkenden (新・里見八犬伝) by Toshio Kamata a loose reworking of the epic serial Nansō Satomi Hakkenden by Kyokutei Bakin.
 Red Line (Finnish: Punainen viiva) is a 1959 Finnish drama film directed by Matti Kassila. It was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival. The film is based on the 1909 novel of the same name by Ilmari Kianto.
 Stuck Between Stations is a 2011 romantic drama film directed by Brady Kiernan from a script by Nat Bennett and Sam Rosen. The film tells a coming-of-age story about former high school classmates reunited by chance during a chaotic party-filled evening.Stuck Between Stations premiered as an official selection of the Viewpoints section at the SVA Theater at the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival in New York City New York U.S.A. A NYC theatrical release was slated in November 2011.
 Hotel Paradis is a 1931 Danish drama directed by George Schnéevoigt. The film based on a novel by Einar Rousthøj stars Eyvind Johan-Svendsen and Inger Stender. The film was also known as Hotel Paradisets hemlighed (The Secret of the Paradise Hotel).
 Hamsageethe (Kannada: ಹಂಸಗೀತೆ The Swan song) is a 1975 Indian feature film in the Kannada language. It was directed by G. V. Iyer based on a novel by T. R. Subba Rao and starring Anant Nag and Rekha Rao in lead roles.The film won 2 National Film Awards; the National Film Award for Kannada film and National Award for Best Male Playback singer (M. Balamuralikrishna) at the 23rd National Film Awards.Hamsa Geethe the novel by Ta Ra Su was made into a Hindi Film Basant Bahar in 1956.
 Sant Dnyaneshwar is a 1940 film about the life of Dnyaneshwar (1275–1296) a 13th-century Maharashtrian Hindu saint (Sant - a title by which he is often referred) poet philosopher and yogi of the Nath tradition.
 1732 Høtten (international title: Bloody Angels) is a 1998 Norwegian thriller film directed by Karin Julsrud starring Reidar Sørensen Stig Henrik Hoff and Lailia Goody. In the small village of Høtten six months after the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl one of the suspects is found dead. Nicholas Ramm (Reidar Sørensen) has to investigate the crime. The film was Julsrud's directorial début.
 The Quiet is a 2005 American drama-thriller film directed by Jamie Babbit and starring Camilla Belle and Elisha Cuthbert.
 Doggy Poo (강아지 똥 Gangaji ddong) is a 30-minute stop motion-animated film from South Korea directed by Kwon Oh-sung based on Kwon Jung-saeng's 1968 children's book Doggy Poo illustrated by Annie Rose Godsman. There are both English and Korean-language versions of the film.
 O' Faby (also known as Ofabi Ofabee and O' Faaby) is a partially animated film made in 1993 in India in the Malayalam language. It stars Ashokan Manoj K. Jayan and Srividya. The film attracted media attention as it was the first Asian film in which an animated character played the lead role alongside live actors.
 Death & Taxes is a 1993 documentary film directed by Jeffrey F. Jackson about Gordon Kahl a tax protester who was killed in a shootout with local law enforcement officials in Smithville Arkansas in 1983.
 Sweet Sixteen is a 2002 crime drama film directed by Ken Loach. The film tells the story of a teenage boy Liam a typical 'ned' who dreams of starting afresh with his mother who is completing a prison term. Liam's attempts to raise money for the two of them are set against the backdrop of Greenock Port Glasgow and the coast at Gourock.The film has English subtitles to help viewers better understand Scots language.
 Lights of London is a 1914 British silent drama film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Arthur Chesney Phyllis Relph and Fred Paul. The film is based on the 1881 stage melodrama The Lights o' London by George Sims and was made at Ealing Studios. The play was again turned into a silent film in 1923.
 City Lights is a 1931 American romantic comedy film written by directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin. The story follows the misadventures of Chaplin's Tramp as he falls in love with a blind girl (Virginia Cherrill) and develops a turbulent friendship with an alcoholic millionaire (Harry Myers).Although sound films were on the rise when Chaplin started developing the script in 1928 he decided to continue working with silent productions.
 The Legion of Missing Men is a 1937 Monogram Pictures film about the French Foreign Legion set in the French protectorate of Morocco. Directed by Hamilton MacFadden it stars Ralph Forbes who had also served in the cinematic Foreign Legion in Beau Geste (1926 film) and Beau Ideal (1931). Singer and actress Hala Linda was married to the composer of the film's The Legionnaires Song Richard Gump. It was the only film of Monogram's Marlene Dietrich imitator.
 Hunter is a 1973 film directed by Leonard Horn and written by Cliff Gould starring John Vernon involving the kidnapping and brainwashing of a race car driver in order to turn him into an assassin against America. The torture used against him involves forcing him to watch footage of the Winged monkeys from The Wizard of Oz a-la A Clockwork Orange giving rise to the now-famous pop-culture catch phrase Please stop the monkeys!
 Child of Rage is a CBS Television movie made in 1992 starring Ashley Peldon and Mel Harris. The film is based on the true story of Beth Thomas who suffered from reactive attachment disorder as a result of being sexually abused as a child. The film was shot in Vancouver British Columbia with classroom scenes being filmed at Mary Hill Elementary School.
 Nirbhay is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Vinod Dewan starring Mithun Chakraborty Sangeeta Bijlani Sadashiv Amrapurkar Kulbhushan Kharbanda Anupam Kher Paresh Rawal and Kiran Kumar
 Babloo Happy Hai is a Hindi film directed by Nila Madhab Panda who has earlier directed films like I am Kalam and Jalpari. Babloo Happy Hai is a love story of today's youngsters and what they think love and sex is in the times of multiplexes and fast cars. The film features Sahil Anand Erica Fernandes Sumit Suri Amol Parashar Preet Kamal Anu Choudhury Reyhna Malhotra and Parvin Dabas in pivotal roles. Earlier the film's name was Love is not mathematics.
 Boy of Mine is a 1923 American silent family drama film directed by William Beaudine.It stars Ben Alexander Rockliffe Fellowes and Henry B. Walthall. Wendy L. Marshall stated that Beaudine had the Midas touch when it came to directing childrenin films like this and Penrod and Sam.
 Steal This Film is a film series documenting the movement against intellectual property produced by The League of Noble Peers and released via the BitTorrent peer-to-peer protocol.Two parts and one special The Pirate Bay trial edition of the first part have been released so far and The League of Noble Peers is working on Steal this Film - The Movie and a new project entitled The Oil of the 21st Century.
 Listen to Britain is a 1942 British propaganda short film by Humphrey Jennings and Stewart McAllister. The film was produced during World War II by the Crown Film Unit an organisation within the British Government's Ministry of Information to support the Allied war effort. The film was nominated for the inaugural Academy Award for Documentary Feature in 1943 but lost against four other Allied propaganda films.
 Thithikudhe is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003 starring Jiiva and Sridevi Vijayakumar in lead roles.
 Man in the Shadow (1957) is a CinemaScope crime film starring Jeff Chandler Orson Welles Colleen Miller Ben Alexander and John Larch.
 Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales is a 1982 Looney Tunes film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts and animated bridging sequences hosted by Bugs Bunny.
 Endless Horizons (French: Horizons sans fin) is a 1953 French drama film directed by Jean Dréville. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hard Up In The 2000s is a rockumentary film of the Spring leg of the indie rock Boston band Aloud's Fan The Fury tour which took place from March to April 2008. Direction and editing of the film was credited to Alan Smithee.The film is set against audio from radio interviews the band gave during and after the tour primarily by Phil Fleming (WMFO) and Jamie Leigh Griffiths (WDBK).The title for the film was taken from the song of the same name on Aloud's second album Fan The Fury.
 9to5 – Days in Porn is a 2008 German documentary film about the United States porn industry written and directed by Jens Hoffmann. It is also known as The Porn Diaries.
 Hear My Song is a 1991 film written by the actors Peter Chelsom (who directed) and Adrian Dunbar (who plays the lead) based on the story of Irish tenor Josef Locke. It was nominated for Best Original Screenplay at the 1993 BAFTA awards.The film also stars Tara FitzGerald David McCallum William Hootkins Shirley Anne Field James Nesbitt and Ned Beatty as Locke.
 East Is West is a 1930 Pre-code sound picture produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Monta Bell and stars Lupe Velez Lew Ayres and Edward G. Robinson. It is based on a 1918 Broadway play East is West which starred Fay Bainter on the stage. A previous silent film version from 1922 starred Constance Talmadge.
 Tuareg – Il guerriero del deserto (internationally released as Tuareg – The Desert Warrior and Desert Warrior) is a 1984 Italian adventure-action film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.The film is based on a novel with the same name written by Alberto Vázquez-Figueroa. It represents the first film released by home video distribution company Mirisch.
 Humanitaire! is a 2007 film.
 Lipstick is an American 1976 rape and revenge drama film directed by Lamont Johnson and starring Margaux and Mariel Hemingway.
 Ana and the Wolves (Spanish: Ana y los lobos) is a 1973 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Saura. Starring Geraldine Chaplin as a foreign governess who comes to an isolated house to take care of the children of a convoluted family. The film is encoded with political symbolism of Francisco Francos’ regime. Saura’s 1979 Mamá cumple cien años was a sequel of sorts. It was entered into the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Building (Vietnamese: Chung cu) is a 1999 Vietnamese drama film directed by Việt Linh. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Mistress (Swedish: Älskarinnan) is a 1962 Swedish drama film directed by Vilgot Sjöman. It marked Sjöman's directoral debut and was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival where Bibi Andersson won the Silver Bear for Best Actress award. The film was also selected as the Swedish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 35th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure is an IMAX film about the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition led by Ernest Shackleton between 1914 and 1917. Directed by George Butler the film was released in February 2001 and was narrated by Kevin Spacey. It documents Shackleton's journey aboard the Endurance and was the follow-up to Butler's previous film The Endurance: Shackleton's Legendary Antarctic Expedition.
 Five Element Ninjas (Chinese title: 五遁忍術) is a 1982 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh. It was released in North America as Chinese Super Ninjas.
 The Game Warden is a 1913 American short silent film romantic comedy. The film starred Earle Foxe Irene Boyle and Stuart Holmes.
 Offers is a 2005 Dutch television film directed by Dana Nechushtan and starring Maryam Hassouni and Jacob Derwig. The thriller film is a personal drama about suicide bombers and counter-terrorism in Western Europe.In 2006 Maryam Hassouni won an International Emmy Award for her role as Laila al Gatawi.
 Ring of Fire is a 1961 Metrocolor Drama directed by Andrew L. Stone starring David Janssen Joyce Taylor and Frank Gorshin. The film was shot in Vernonia Oregon and Wynoochee River Washington featuring footage from two real forest fires. The title song was written and performed by Duane Eddy.
 The Visitation is a 2006 supernatural dramatic thriller based on Frank Peretti's novel of the same name. The Robby Henson-directed film features a cast that includes Kelly Lynch Edward Furlong Priscilla Barnes and Martin Donovan.
 Sir Henry at Rawlinson End is a 1980 British film based on the eponymous character created by Vivian Stanshall. It starred Trevor Howard as Sir Henry and Stanshall himself as Henry's brother Hubert. Unusually the film was released in sepia-toned monochrome. After a long wait while the film obtained cult status Sir Henry at Rawlinson End was finally released on DVD in 2006.
 Heera Panna (Hindi: हीरा पन्ना) is a 1973 Hindi film. Written produced and directed by Dev Anand for Navketan films the film stars Dev Anand Zeenat Aman Raakhee Rehman Jeevan A.K. Hangal Paintal and Dheeraj Kumar.The film's music is composed by R. D. Burman.
 Treasure Island is a 1972 motion picture film is based on the novel Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. The film stars Orson Welles as Long John Silver Walter Slezak as Squire Trelawney Rik Battaglia as Captain Smollett and Ángel del Pozo as Doctor Livesey. This adaptation of Treasure Island was released in several different language versions each with a different director.
 A Thousand and One Nights (千夜一夜物語 Senya Ichiya Monogatari) is a 1969 anime feature film directed by Eiichi Yamamoto conceived by Osamu Tezuka. The film is part of Mushi Production's Animerama a series of films aimed at an adult audience.The film was a hit in Japan and was given limited screenings in the America but the film did very poorly as an X-rated cartoon did not seem to appeal to an audience.
 Gigi is a 1958 American Metrocolor musical romantic comedy film directed by Vincente Minnelli. The screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner is based on the 1944 novella of the same name by Colette.
 Rajamalli is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1965.
 Bear Shooters is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 98th (tenth talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 Position Among the Stars (Dutch: Stand van de Sterren) is a 2010 documentary directed by Leonard Retel Helmrich. It was released on 17 November 2010 as the opening film of the IDFA (International Documentary Festival Amsterdam).The documentary is the continuation of Eye of the Day and Shape of the Moon and follows again the Sjamsuddin family consisting of three generations living in the slums of Jakarta Indonesia.
 The Kettles on Old MacDonald's Farm is a 1957 American comedy film directed by Virgil Vogel. It is the ninth and last installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and introducing Parker Fennelly as Pa replacing Percy Kilbride.
 Shoot 'Em Up is a 2007 action/black comedy film starring Clive Owen Paul Giamatti and Monica Bellucci. The film was written and directed by Michael Davis and produced by Susan Montford Don Murphy and Rick Benattar. The film was released on September 7 2007. Despite receiving positive reviews Shoot 'Em Up underperformed at the box office.
 Skyline is a 2010 alien invasion science fiction thriller film produced and directed by Brothers Strause directors of Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem. The film was released on November 12 2010. It stars Eric Balfour Scottie Thompson Brittany Daniel Crystal Reed David Zayas and Donald Faison. Skyline was a box office success grossing nearly $79 million worldwide against its $10–20 million budget despite extremely negative reviews.
 For the 1998 comedy starring Michael Keaton see Jack Frost (1998 film).Jack Frost is an American horror comedy film written and directed by Michael Cooney and released in 1997. The movie takes place in the fictional town of Snowmonton where (on the week before Christmas) a truck carrying serial killer Jack Frost (Scott MacDonald) to his execution crashes into a genetics truck. The genetic material causes Jack's body to mutate and fuse together with the snow on the ground.
 Ya tiene comisario el pueblo is a 1936 Argentine film directed and written by Claudio Martínez Payva.
 The Real Shaolin is a 2008 documentary film directed by Alexander Sebastien Lee. The Real Shaolin follows the story of two Chinese and two Westerners who journey to the Shaolin Temple in China inspired by the legends portrayed in Kung Fu movies with Bruce Lee and Jet Li.
 Paper Planes is an upcoming Australian 3D family drama film directed by Robert Connolly he co-wrote with Steve Worland. The film stars Sam Worthington Anthony LaPaglia and Ed Oxenbould.
 Bombai Ka Baboo (English: Sir from Bombay) is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla and written by Rajinder Singh Bedi. The film stars Dev Anand and Suchitra Sen in her rare appearance in Hindi cinema. Though the film was a thriller it treads into rare Hindi film territory by hinting at incest between the lead pair.Except for the Brother-Sister angle the plot of Bombai Ka Babu is inspired by O'Henry's short story A Double-Dyed Deceiver.
 Night Train to Terror is an independent horror film directed by John Carr Phillip Marshak Tom McGowan Jay Schlossberg-Cohen Gregg C. Tallas and written by Academy Award winner Phillip Yordan that was released in 1985 and has since become an infamous cult classic of grade-Z movie fare.
 Oil Lamps (Czech: Petrolejové lampy) is a 1971 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Juraj Herz. It competed in the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on a novel by Jaroslav Havlíček.
 Aakko is an upcoming Tamil comedy drama film directed by Shyam Kumar and produced by Deepan Boopathy and Ratesh Velu. The film features newcomers Geethan Britto and Tulika Gupta in the leading roles with Arjunan and Swaminathan in pivotal roles while Anirudh Ravichander composes the film's music and plays a guest appearance.
 Uneasy Virtue is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Norman Walker and starring Fay Compton Edmund Breon Francis Lister Donald Calthrop and Garry Marsh. The film was based on the play The Happy Husband (1927) by Harrison Owen.
 Up for the Cup is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Sydney Howard Joan Wyndham Stanley Kirk and Moore Marriott. A Yorkshireman comes to London to watch the FA Cup final and loses his money and tickets leading to a frantic search to recover them.The film was remade in 1950 again directed by Jack Raymond.
 The Private Lives of Pippa Lee is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Rebecca Miller. The screenplay is based on her novel of the same title. The film premiered on February 9 2009 at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival and was shown at the Sydney Film Festival and the Edinburgh Film Festival before opening in the United Kingdom on July 10. Following a showing at the Toronto International Film Festival it was limited released in the United States on November 27 2009.
 Ave Caesar! is a 1919 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Oscar Beregi Sr. María Corda and Gábor Rajnay. A debauched Habsburg Prince sends out one of his aide-de-camps to bring him back a gypsy girl. The film was considered as an attack on the aristocracy. It was made by Korda for the state-owned film industry during the Hungarian Soviet Republic.
 The Long Wait is a 1954 film based on a novel by the mystery writer Mickey Spillane.
 Toolbox Murders is a 2004 horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Jace Anderson and Adam Gierasch. It is a remake of the 1978 film The Toolbox Murders and was followed by a 2013 sequel entitled Coffin Baby.
 Kosh ba kosh is a 1993 Russian-Tajik film directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov.
 Ulysses (Spanish: Ulises) is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed by Oscar Godoy.
 El diablo no es tan diablo (The Devil is not so Devil) is a 1949 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie known as Street Fighter II Movie (ストリートファイター II MOVIE Sutorīto Faitā Tsū Mūbī not to be confused with the live-action version) in Japan and Australia is a 1994 Japanese animated film adaptation of the Street Fighter II fighting games written by Kenichi Imai directed by Gisaburō Sugii and animated by Group TAC.
 The Hi-Line is a 1999 film by Ron Judkins which is set in the Hi-Line region of the U.S. state of Montana. The film stars Rachael Leigh Cook and Ryan Alosio.The Hi-Line is a drama in which a man actor Ryan Alosio pretending to be a headhunter for a Chicago-based retail chain arrives in a small Montana town and contacts a young woman with an offer to interview her for a job. She is still living with what she believes to be her parents.
 The Abyss is a 1989 American science fiction-adventure film written and directed by James Cameron starring Ed Harris Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio and Michael Biehn. When an American submarine sinks in the Atlantic the US search and recovery team works with an oil platform crew racing against Russian vessels to recover the ship. Deep in the ocean they encounter a new and mysterious species.
 Alai Payum Nenjangal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by H.Ramesh for D & PG Producations. It stars newcomers in the lead roles.
 Les Damnés de la mer is a 2008 documentary film.
 The Smugglers of Santa Cruz is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Charlotte Burton Eugenie Forde George Periolat William Russell and Roy Stewart.
 En una playa junto al mar is a 1971 Argentine film.
 A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is an upcoming film directed by Ana Lily Amirpour. Tagged as The first Iranian vampire Western it has been chosen to show in the Next program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.The film is described as being set in the Iranian ghost town Bad City depicts the doings of a lonesome vampire.An early short film with the same title from Amirpour screened at festivals and won Best Short Film at the Noor Iranian Film Festival.
 The Telltale Knife is a 1911 American short Western film starring Tom Mix and directed by William Duncan.
 Along Came a Spider is a 2001 American thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori. The screenplay by Marc Moss was adapted from the 1993 novel of the same title by James Patterson but many of the key plot elements of the book were eliminated. Along Came a Spider was the first book in Patterson's Alex Cross series although the second one to be filmed following Kiss the Girls in 1997.
 Spook Town is a 1944 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.
 Hot Pepper (1933) is a comedy film starring Lupe Vélez Edmund Lowe and Victor McLaglen directed by John G. Blystone and released by Fox Film Corporation. The film appeared before the enforcement of the Production Code. This film is considered an installment in the series of films dating back to the silent film What Price Glory? (1926) starring Lowe and McLaglen in their characters of Sergeant Harry Quirt and Captain Jim Flagg with Dolores Del Rio as the female costar.
 Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace is a 1996 science fiction film and the sequel to The Lawnmower Man which was named after a Stephen King short story of the same title but the stories are unrelated. Retitled Lawnmower Man 2: Jobe's War for video release the film stars Matt Frewer as Jobe along with Patrick Bergin and Austin O'Brien.
 Moseka is a 1971 documentary film.
 Love Come Down is a Canadian drama film released in 2000.
 Le Retour du Grand Blond (English: The Return of the Tall Blond Man or The Return of the Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe) is a film directed by Yves Robert in 1974. It is the continuation of Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire (1972).
 Affair with a Stranger is a 1953 American comedy-drama starring Jean Simmons and Victor Mature. It was directed by Roy Rowland and was originally to be released as Kiss and Run.The film centres on the rumoured marital troubles of a successful playwright.
 All the Way Up is a 1970 British comedy film directed by James MacTaggart based on Semi-Detached a 1962 play by Midlands dramatist David Turner. It stars Richard Briers Warren Mitchell Pat Heywood Kenneth Cranham Adrienne Posta and Elaine Taylor.
 Solamente nero (internationally released as The Bloodstained Shadow Bloodstained Shadow and Only Blackness) is a 1978 Italian giallo film directed by Antonio Bido. The film was referred as a a fine example of a competent giallo as it contains all of the requisite elements. Paul Simpson wrote about the film: The pacing goes awry but Bido uses the unusual setting well and the murders are memorably gory.
 Hangover Square is a 1945 film noir directed by John Brahm based on the novel Hangover Square (1941) by Patrick Hamilton. The screenplay was written by Barré Lyndon who made a number of changes to the novel including the transformation of George Harvey Bone into a classical composer-pianist and filming the story as an early 20th-century period piece.The movie was released in New York City on February 7 1945 two months after its star Laird Cregar suffered a fatal heart attack.
 80 Million (Polish: 80 milionów) is a 2011 Polish drama film directed by Waldemar Krzystek. The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Full of It is a 2007 comedy directed by Christian Charles. It was released in the US on March 2 2007 and aired on ABC Family under the title Big Liar on Campus on September 16 2007. The movie is rated PG-13 for sexual content drug references teen partying and crude humor by the MPAA.[citation needed] It received an overall grade of 6% on Rotten Tomatoes.com.
 Rocky III is a 1982 American film that is the third installment in the Rocky film series. It is written and directed by and stars Sylvester Stallone as the title character with Carl Weathers Burgess Meredith Talia Shire Burt Young and introducing Mr. T as James Clubber Lang.
 The Treasure (German: Der Schatz) is a 1923 silent German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst. It was Pabst's debut film as a director.
 Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic is a 2005 comedy written by and starring Sarah Silverman directed by Liam Lynch and distributed by Roadside Attractions. The movie is a concert film consisting of 72 minutes of clips taken from Silverman's previous stand-up show of the same name interspersed with flashbacks and comedic sketches.
 Ghatothkach is a 2008 animated film based on the life of the Mahabharata character Ghatotkacha the son of Bhima and Hidimba. The film is directed by Telugu director Singeetham Srinivas Rao who also scores the music for the film. The production duration of the film took around 2 years. The film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2008.
 Kadamattathachan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the Birth of Japan (ドラえもん: のび太の日本誕生 Doraemon: Nobita no Nihon Tanjō) is the tenth Doraemon film which was released in 1989.
 Lady of Burlesque (also known as The G-String Murders and in the UK Striptease Lady) is a 1943 American mystery film starring Barbara Stanwyck and Michael O'Shea based on the novel The G-String Murders written by strip tease queen Gypsy Rose Lee (with ghost-writing assistance from mystery writer Craig Rice). Directed by William A.
 Sparrow of the Circus is a 1914 American silent short drama film based on a story by M.H. McKinstry.
 Illusive Tracks (Swedish: Skenbart – en film om tåg) is a Swedish dark comedy thriller film from 2003 directed by Peter Dalle starring Peter Dalle Gustaf Hammarsten Robert Gustafsson Gösta Ekman and others. The time is right after World War II before Christmas of 1945. The story revolves around the passengers on a train heading from Stockholm non-stop to Berlin and includes murder adultery religion Santa Claus and a very angry train conductor.
 Bed for Two; Rendezvous with Luck (French: Rendez-vous avec la chance) is a French comedy film from 1950 directed by Emil-Edwin Reinert written by André-Paul Antoine and starring Henri Guisol. The film features Louis de Funès. It is based on Gilles Dupé's novel Le lit à deux places.
 Laputa is a 1986 West German drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Call for Love (simplified Chinese: 爱情呼叫转移; traditional Chinese: 愛情呼叫轉移; pinyin: Aìqíng Hūjiào Zhuǎnyí) is a Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhang Jianya. The movie premiered in China on February 8 2007. The film stars comedic actor Xu Zheng as well as some of China's most prominent young actresses including Fan Bingbing Gong Beibi and others.
 Firestorm is a 1998 action thriller film directed by Dean Semler and starring Howie Long Scott Glenn William Forsythe and Suzy Amis.
 High Spirits is a 1988 fantasy comedy film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Steve Guttenberg Daryl Hannah Beverly D'Angelo Liam Neeson and Peter O'Toole.Set in a remote Irish castle called Dromore Castle Co. Limerick High Spirits is a topsy-turvy comedy with thematic leanings towards Ireland's rich folklore regarding ghosts and spirits where the castle starts to come to life with the help of such denizens.
 Portland is a 1996 Danish drama film written and directed by Niels Arden Oplev in his feature film debut. It stars Anders W. Berthelsen Ulrich Thomsen and Iben Hjejle.The film whose title is a reference to a Danish brand of cement was selected for competition at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Hip Hip Hora! known as The Ketchup Effect in most English-speaking countries is a 2004 Swedish teen movie directed by Teresa Fabik.
 Aquamarine is a 2006 Australian-American teen fantasy comedy film starring Sara Paxton Emma Roberts and Joanna JoJo Levesque (in her film debut). The film which was made in both the United States and Australia was released in North America on March 3 2006. The film loosely based on a children's book on the same name by Alice Hoffman and directed by American director Elizabeth Allen was filmed in Queensland Australia.
 La tempesta (internationally released as Tempest) is a 1958 Italian drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is based on the novels A History of Pugachev and The Captain's Daughter by Alexander Pushkin. For this film Lattuada was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Director.
 Hell (L'enfer) is a French film released in 2005 and directed by Danis Tanović. It is based on a script originally drafted by Krzysztof Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz which was meant to be the second film in a trilogy with the titles Heaven Hell and Purgatory. The script was finished by Piesiewicz after Kieślowski died in 1996. The movie stars Emmanuelle Béart Marie Gillain and Carole Bouquet.
 First Target is a made for television movie sequel to the 1999 TV movie First Daughter with Daryl Hannah taking over the role of Agent Alex McGregor. The film co-stars Doug Savant and Gregory Harrison who reprise their roles of Grant Coleman and President Jonathan Hayes.
 Miliband of Brothers is a 2010 satirical docu-drama following the lives and careers of British politicians David Miliband and younger brother Ed who at the time were both contesting the 2010 Labour leadership contest. Written by David Quantick the programme was first shown on More4.
 Tora-san's Island Encounter (男はつらいよ 柴又より愛をこめて Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Shibamata yori Ai o Komete) aka Torasan From Shibamata with Love is a 1985 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Komaki Kurihara as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Island Encounter is the thirty-sixth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Nuvvekaddunte Nenakkadunta is a Telugu film starring Hat-trick Hero Uday Kiran and Shweta Prasad in the lead roles. The film is being directed by Subha Selvam. The sound track of the film was composed by Pradeep koneru and the audio was successfully released with positive reviews. The movie was released on 20 April 2012.
 The Stain is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Frank Powell and starring Edward José and Thurlow Bergen. The film also features Theda Bara (credited under her birth name Theodosia Goodman) in her screen debut. A print of the film was discovered in Australia in the 1990s and is preserved at the George Eastman House.
 Men and Women (Portuguese: Noite Vazia) is a 1964 Brazilian drama film directed by Walter Hugo Khouri. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Burglar (Dutch: De inbreker) is a 1972 Dutch film directed by Frans Weisz.
 Çimi is a 2013 Albanian black-comedy film directed by Ernis Çili. The ideator and the writer is Drilon Hoxha who also starred in the film as the main character Çimi. The movie premiered in Albania in August 9 2013. All performers on the film were not professional actors and was their debut film.
 Tevar is an upcoming Indian action drama film directed by Amit Sharma and written by Gunasekhar remake of a 2003 Telugu film Okkadu directed by Gunasekhar. The film stars Arjun Kapoor Sonakshi Sinha and Manoj Bajpayee.The film is set to release on December 5 2014.
 Turk's Head (French: Tête de turc - the expression also has the colloquial meaning of 'scapegoat' or 'fall guy' in French) is a 2010 French thriller film directed and starring Pascal Elbé. Roschdy Zem and Israel actress Ronit Elkabetz also star. It was released in France on 31 March 2010. The film was inspired by the real-life incident in 2006 in Marseille where a group of impoverished teenagers torched a bus severely burning a female passenger.
 California Mail is a 1936 American film featuring an uncredited Sons of the Pioneers with Roy Rogers.
 The Uncle is a 1965 British drama film directed by Desmond Davis.
 Lenexa 1 Mile (released on DVD as Full Count) is drama film written by Jason Wiles Shem Bitterman and directed by Wiles. The film stars Josh Stewart Jason Ritter and William Baldwin. Austin Nichols and Paul Wesley Co-Star.
 Sagarana: The Duel (Portuguese: Sagarana o Duelo) is a 1973 Brazilian adventure film directed by Paulo Thiago. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Champi-Tortu is a 1920 French silent film directed by Jacques de Baroncelli. The film was based on a novel by Gaston Chérau.
 The Solid Gold Cadillac is a 1956 film directed by Richard Quine and written by Abe Burrows Howard Teichmann and George S. Kaufman. It was adapted from the hit Broadway play of the same name by Teichmann and Kaufman in which they pillory big business and corrupt businessmen. The film stars Judy Holliday and Paul Douglas.
 Genius Party is an anthology of short animated films from Studio 4°C released on July 7 2007.A sequel called Genius Party Beyond was released on February 15 2008 and includes most of the films which were finished but not included in the original Genius Party.
 Tombstone Canyon is a 1932 American film directed by Alan James.
 Professor Huchuraya (Kannada: ಪ್ರೊಫೆಸರ್ ಹುಚ್ಚೂರಾಯ) is a 1974 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by actor Narasimharaju. The story is written by Narendra Babu. Besides Narasimharaju as the protagonist the film features Vishnuvardhan Manjula R. Nagendra Rao and Balakrishna in prominent roles. The film was widely appreciated for its songs and story upon release. The songs tuned by Rajan-Nagendra were huge hits.
 Hooray for the Blue Hussars (Danish: Hurra for de blå husarer) is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Emil Hass Christensen.
 Khwab is a 1980 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shakti Samanta starring Ashok Kumar Ranjeeta Kaur Naseeruddin Shah Mithun Chakraborty and Yogeeta Bali
 The Lion King is a 1994 American animated musical adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 32nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by the biblical tales of Joseph and Moses and the Shakespeare play Hamlet. The film was produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance.
 The Libel Tourist is a short-form documentary film about how the advantageous litigative environments that exist in certain jurisdictions are used by powerful individuals to suppress unfavorable information about them by bringing forth unjustified libel suits against writers and publishers. The seeking out of such favorable environments most notably the courts of England and Wales has been dubbed libel tourism.
 Hop to It! is a 1925 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Oh Shucks I'm Gatvol! is a South African comedy film written produced and directed by Leon Schuster. He also stars in the film alongside Alfred Ntombela Gerry the Clown Bill Flynn and Al Debbo. The film's initial budget was R 2000000 but an extra R 6000 was spent for the extras on board the aeroplane. This movie grossed R 30000000 overall in South Africa and R 34000000 worldwide.
 Dick Tracy (1937) is a 15-Chapter Republic movie serial starring Ralph Byrd based on the Dick Tracy comic strip by Chester Gould. It was directed by Alan James and Ray Taylor.
 Queen to Play (original title Joueuse literally the feminine form of “player”) is a 2009 French-German film directed by Caroline Bottaro. The film is distributed in the U.S. by Zeitgeist Films.
 Freelancers is a crime-drama film directed by Jessy Terrero and stars 50 Cent Forest Whitaker and Robert De Niro. Filming took place in New Orleans Louisiana. It had a limited release in theaters in Los Angeles and New York on August 10 2012 and was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 21 2012.
 Seconds Apart is a 2011 American horror movie.
 Heidi and Peter (German:Heidi und Peter) is a 1955 Swiss family drama film directed by Franz Schnyder and starring Heinrich Gretler Elsbeth Sigmund and Thomas Klameth. It was a sequel to the 1952 film Heidi which was itself an adaptation of the 1880 novel Heidi by Johanna Spyri.
 Gift is a 1966 Danish drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen and starring Søren Strømberg. In the United States this film is also known as Venom.
 Good Riddance (French: Les Bons débarras) is a 1979 French-language Canadian drama film. Directed by Francis Mankiewicz and written by Réjean Ducharme the film concerns Manon (Charlotte Laurier) an unstable young girl who lives with her mother Michelle (Marie Tifo) and her alcoholic uncle Ti-Guy (Germain Houde).
 What We Do in the Shadows is a New Zealand horror comedy film about a group of vampires who live together in Wellington New Zealand. It was directed and written by Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement who also star in the film. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2014.
 Sillunu Oru Sandhippu (English:A Very Cool Meeting) is a 2013 Tamil Romance film written and directed by Ravi Lallin in his directorial debut venture. The film stars Vimal and Dipa Shah in the lead roles while Oviya appear in a supporting role. The film was earlier titled as Sillu Sillunu Oru Sandhippu which was later changed to Sillunu Oru Sandhippu.The film opened to negative reviews.
 Children of Chance is a 1949 British drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Patricia Medina.
 Reportage 57 is an East German film released in 1959. It was directed by János Veiczi and stars Annekathrin Bürger Willi Schrade and Gerhard Bienert.The film is said to have drew on negative depictions of Halbstarke and rock 'n' roll in West Berlin in its critiques of the West.
 Autocine mon amour is a 1972 Argentine comedy film directed by Fernando Siro and written by Ángel Cortese and Carlos Alberto Cresté.
 The Music Box is a Laurel and Hardy short film comedy released in 1932. It was directed by James Parrott produced by Hal Roach and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film which depicts the pair attempting to move a piano up a large flight of steps won the first Academy Award for Live Action Short Film (Comedy) in 1932.
 Second Thoughts is a 1938 British drama film directed by Albert Parker and starring Frank Fox Evelyn Ankers Frank Allenby and Joan Hickson. It was also released as Crime of Peter Frame. A chemist is left unhinged following a laboratory explosion and begins to plot a murder.
 ¡Viva México! - Alma insurgente El grito de Dolores (Viva Mexico! (The Cry of Delores)) is a 1934 Mexican film about the events that caused the Mexican War of Independence. It stars Sara García.
 Running Shaadi.com is a 2014 romantic-comedy produced by Shoojit Sircar and Crouching Tiger Motion Pictures about the unique concept of helping people run away with the love of their life to get married.The unlikely duo of a conscientious Bihari and a Sardarji geek stand up and create a platform providing “High Take Social Service“ to Indian couples who want to spend their lives with their soul mates.
 Watching TV with the Red Chinese is an independent drama film about a group of Chinese exchange students who arrive in New York in 1980 eager for what America has to offer. They make friends including a literature teacher named Dexter and his girlfriend Suzanne. As they try to adjust to the New York city atmosphere they become disillusioned with America eventually buying a firearm for self-defense.
 South of Caliente is a 1951 American film starring Roy Rogers.One highlight of the film is the gypsy dance as done by Lillian Molieri (aka Lupe Mayorga). Her husband Francisco Mayorga worked with Roy in Hands Across The Border. and her young adopted son (Later to be a Hall of Fame Guitarist) Bill Aken did a vocal duet with Roy on the song The Big Silver Screen in 1959. A unique two generation family association in which all three family members appeared with Roy Rogers.
 Love Story 1999 is a 1998 Telugu language romantic film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. The film features an ensemble cast of Prabhu Deva Vadde Naveen Ramya Krishnan Laila and Rambha in the lead roles.
 Escape from Fort Bravo is a 1953 Anscocolor western film set during the American Civil War. It stars William Holden Eleanor Parker and John Forsythe.
 The Blue Gardenia is a 1953 black-and-white film noir directed by Fritz Lang and based on a story by Vera Caspary.The first of Lang's newspaper noir movie trio—with While the City Sleeps and Beyond a Reasonable Doubt (both 1956) -- The Blue Gardenia criticizes newspaper coverage of a sensational murder case.Nat King Cole sings the title song and appears in the movie.
 Marvellous Melbourne: Queen City of the South is a 1910 documentary film about the city of Melbourne. It is the oldest surviving documentary about Melbourne.
 The Big Combo is a 1955 American film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis and photographed by cinematographer John Alton with music by David Raksin.
 Juvenile Offender (Hangul: 범죄소년; RR: Beomjoe Sonyeon; lit. Crime Boys) is a 2012 South Korean film about a teenage criminal who reunites with his mother who gave him up at birth.It won the Special Jury Prize at the 25th Tokyo International Film Festival and Best Actor for Seo Young-joo.
 White Cradle Inn is a 1947 British drama film directed by Harold French and starring Madeleine Carroll Ian Hunter and Michael Rennie. In Switzerland after the Second World War a French evacuee boy wants to stay there rather than return home leading to a moral dilemma.
 Jatta (Kannada: ಜಟ್ಟ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language thriller drama film directed by B. M. Giriraj. It stars Kishore and Sukratha Wagle in lead roles. Kishore plays the role of a forest guard in the film whose wife elopes with a tourist and he involves in a clash of beliefs and ideologies with a feminist who he chains in his isolated forest home. The film won critical acclaim for its story and the portrayal of characters from critics and filmgoers.
 L'intrus (English: The Intruder) is a feature film written and directed by Claire Denis based upon the autobiographical essay by philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy. The film premiered in the official competition at the 2004 Venice Film Festival.
 City Hunter (Chinese: 城市獵人; Sing si lip yan) is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing starring Jackie Chan Joey Wong Chingmy Yau and Richard Norton. The film is based on the Japanese manga of the same name. The film was released in the Hong Kong on January 16 1993.
 The Impostor (aka Bayonet Charge and Strange Confession) is a 1944 American drama film directed by Julien Duvivier starring Jean Gabin.
 Monster on the Campus (Monster in the Night and Stranger on the Campus) is a 1958 American science fiction/horror film released by Universal Pictures. The film was the last of Universal's science fiction monster films released before Island of Terror (1966).
 Elisa vida mía is a 1977 Spanish drama film written and directed by Carlos Saura. The film stars Saura's long-term companion and frequent collaborator Geraldine Chaplin. She stars alongside Fernando Rey who won the Best Actor award at the 1977 Cannes Film Festival for his performance.
 Hard Labor (Portuguese: Trabalhar Cansa) is 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Juliana Rojas and Marco Dutra. It premiered in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Two for the Money is a 2005 film directed by D. J. Caruso starring Al Pacino Matthew McConaughey Rene Russo Armand Assante and Carly Pope. The film is about the world of sports gambling.
 The Gown Shop is a 1923 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Contras'city is a Senegalese 1968 short documentary film.
 Triloquist is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Mark Jones produced by Jack Edward Sawyers and Marlon Parry and Michael Levine. It stars Paydin LoPachin Rocky Marquette Katie Chonacas and Brian Krause .
 Jonestown: The Life and Death of Peoples Temple is a 2006 documentary film made by Firelight Media produced and directed by Stanley Nelson. The documentary reveals new footage of the incidents surrounding the Peoples Temple and its leader Jim Jones who led over 900 members of his cult to a settlement in Guyana called Jonestown where he orchestrated a mass suicide with poisoned Flavor Aid in 1978.
 Zipping Along is a 1953 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner.
 End Game is a 2006 American action film written and directed by Andy Cheng and starring Cuba Gooding Jr. as Secret Service agent Alex Thomas who is shot in the hand while unsuccessfully trying to protect the President (Jack Scalia) from an assassin's bullet. Later with the help of a persistent newspaper reporter named Kate Crawford (Angie Harmon) he uncovers a vast conspiracy behind what initially appeared to be a lone gunman. The film co-stars James Woods Burt Reynolds and Anne Archer.
 Annapolis Salute is a 1937 film.
 La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil (or The Little Girl Who Sold the Sun) is a 1999 Senegalese short drama film directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty which premiered posthumously after his death in 1998. La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil is a film exalting the lives and promise found among ordinary Senegalese.
 Players vs. ángeles caídos is a 1969 Argentine film.
 The Essential Bugs Bunny is a DVD set featuring cartoons focusing on Bugs Bunny. It was released October 12 2010
 The Oyster Princess (German: Die Austernprinzessin) is a 1919 German silent film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. It is a grotesque comedy in 4 acts about an American millionaire’s spoiled daughter’s marriage that just doesn’t go as planned. The film earned fame from his intangible use of style and sophistication in this movie among others. The term for his style was later dubbed The Lubitsch Touch.
 Failure of Engineer Garin (Russian: Крах инженера Гарина translit. Krakh inzhenera Garina) is a 1973 Soviet television film in four parts loosely based on a novel Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin («Гиперболоид инженера Гарина») by Alexei Tolstoy. Produced by Lenfilm by the order of Gosteleradio of USSR
 see also Smarties (disambiguation)Smarty is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Robert Florey and starring Joan Blondell.Smarty refers to Blondell's character happily married but with a habit of provocative teasing. One evening her teasing leads to a slap on the face from her husband.
 Bhabhi is a 1957 Hindi film directed by Krishnan-Panju for AVM Productions. The namesake of an earlier film directed by Franz Osten in 1938 the film stars Balraj Sahni South Indian actress Pandari Bai Nanda in pivotal roles.The film went on to become the eighth highest grossing Bollywood film of the year
 Once a Year Every Year (Italian: Tutti gli anni una volta l'anno) is a 1994 Italian comedy film directed by Gianfrancesco Lazotti.
 Aakhree Raasta (English: The Last Option) is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role Sridevi Anupam Kher and Jayaprada. It was directed by the famous Tamil actor and director Bhagyaraj. It is a remake of the 1984 Tamil film Oru Kaidhiyin Diary (English: A Prisoner's Diary) starring Kamal Haasan; Kamal Haasan also played a dual role in the original movie.The film became a semi-hit at the box office.
 Buddhuram Dhol Duniya Gol is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Narayan Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty along with Rupa Ganguly and Victor Banerjee.
 Les Miracles n'ont lieu qu'une fois (Miracles Only Happen Once) is a 1951 Franco-Italian film directed by Yves Allégret. The film is about a psychic war-casualty played by Jean Marais.
 Red Lights Ahead is a 1936 American film directed by Roland D. Reed.
 Everything Is Rhythm is a 1936 British musical film directed by Alfred J. Goulding and starring Harry Roy Princess Pearl and Dorothy Boyd.
 Paradox is a science-fiction television film starring Kevin Sorbo Steph Song and Christopher Judge directed by Brenton Spencer and based on a three-part graphic novel mini-series by Christos Gage.
 I Deal in Danger is an American spy film compiled from three episodes of a television series Blue Light which aired on ABC-TV in early 1966. Directed by Walter Grauman it starred Robert Goulet as David March an allied spy in Nazi Germany during World War II. He is aided by a French agent Susanne Duchard played by Christine Carere.
 Disney's American Legends is a direct-to-video release narrated by James Earl Jones and which features the following Walt Disney Feature Animation animated short subjects: Johnny Appleseed released in 1948 The Brave Engineer released in 1950 Paul Bunyan released in 1958 John Henry released in 2000 (featuring Alfre Woodard as Polly and newcomer Tim Hodge as McTavish)The compilation was released February 12 2002.
 Puente Llaguno: Claves de una Masacre (English: Llaguno Bridge: Keys to a Massacre) (2004) is a documentary film about the events of the 2002 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt. The film argues that anti-Chávez opposition alliance manipulated coverage ... to make it look like the government used gunmen to shoot and kill opposition demonstrators.
 A Wicked Ghost is a 1999 Hong Kong horror film directed by Leung Hung-wah starring Francis Ng Gigi Lai Gabriel Harrison Edward Mok Nelson Ngai and Celia Sze. It was followed by A Wicked Ghost II: The Fear in 2000 and A Wicked Ghost III: The Possession in 2002.
 The Passing of the Third Floor Back is a 1935 British drama film directed by Berthold Viertel and starring Conrad Veidt Anna Lee René Ray and Frank Cellier. The film is based on a 1908 play and short story by Jerome K. Jerome and depicts the various small-minded inhabitants of a building and the arrival of a stranger who works to redeem them. The work had previously been adapted into a 1918 film version by Herbert Brenon.
 The Grifters is a 1990 neo-noir film directed by Stephen Frears produced by Martin Scorsese and stars John Cusack Anjelica Huston and Annette Bening. The screenplay was written by Donald E. Westlake based on Jim Thompson's pulp novel of the same name.
 Maharaja Talkies (Malayalam: മഹാരാജ ടാക്കീസ് ) is 2011 Malayalam film directed by debutante Devidas Chelanatt starring Mukesh and Urvashi in the lead roles.
 Facing Goliath is a 2006 documentary film about a competitive bodybuilder (Sebastian MacLean) who assists a visually impaired friend (Ray Taylor) transform from middle aged over weight couch potato to natural bodybuilder.
 The Jungle Book is a 1967 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions. Inspired by the Rudyard Kipling's book of the same name it is the 19th animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Directed by Wolfgang Reitherman it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney who died during its production.
 Lumo is a 2007 documentary film about twenty-year-old Lumo Sinai a woman who fell victim to Africa's First World War. While returning home one day Lumo and another woman were gang-raped by a group of soldiers fighting for control of the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1994 Rwandan genocide. As a result Lumo suffered from a traumatic fistula a chronic condition that leaves her unable to bear children.
 Sugar Daddies is a silent comedy short film starring Jimmy Finlayson Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1951.
 Two Women (Swedish: Två kvinnor) is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Arnold Sjöstrand. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Obsessed of Catule (Portuguese: Vereda da Salvação) is a 1965 Brazilian drama film directed by Anselmo Duarte. It was entered into the 15th Berlin International Film Festival.
 El Esqueleto de la señora Morales (English: The Skeleton of Mrs. Morales) is a 1960 Mexican black comedy film based on Arthur Machen's 1927 short story The Islington Mystery. It is regarded by critics as one of the ten best Mexican films of all time.
 Reclaim your Brain (German: Free Rainer – Dein Fernseher lügt) is a 2007 German film directed by Hans Weingartner.
 Quest for Camelot (released in the United Kingdom as The Magic Sword: Quest for Camelot) is a 1998 American animated musical fantasy film from Warner Bros.
 Rage at Dawn is a 1955 American Western film by RKO Pictures starring Randolph Scott and Forrest Tucker and featuring Denver Pyle Edgar Buchanan Mala Powers and J. Carrol Naish.
 For the Oni Press comic book see The Leading Man (comics)The Leading Man is a 1996 British romantic drama film directed by John Duigan. It premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in 1996 but was not released in the United States until March 1998. The film is set in London in the winter.
 Kado Kendo (Kendo's Gift) is a 2007 Indonesian film produced by Indonesian students studying in Melbourne Australia.
 Pyar Mohabbat is a 1966 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shankar Mukherjee. It stars Dev Anand and Saira Banu in pivotal roles.
 Heckler is a 2007 documentary film about hecklers.The film begins with an examination of the means methods and motives of hecklers and their effect on live performances particularly stand up comedy. A common observation by professional comics is that hecklers can be categorized in two groups: those who want to participate and sincerely believe they're helping the comedian and those who intend to disrupt the comedian.
 The Desert Fox is a 1951 biographical film about Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in the later stages of World War II. It stars James Mason in the title role was directed by Henry Hathaway and was based on the book Rommel by Brigadier Desmond Young who served in the Indian Army in North Africa.
 Family Life (Polish: Życie rodzinne) is a 1971 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. It was entered into the 1971 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 44th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Six Acts (Originally released as Shesh Peamim and also referred to as S#x Acts) is a 2012 Israeli film directed by Jonathan Gurfinkel. The film is set in Herzliya and shows Six different encounters between a group of teenagers over the course of a few weeks. The film was written by Rona Segal and it is inspired by true events. The film was produced by Tazfilm productions and funded by the The Israeli Film Fund and Keshet Broadcasting.
 Meet Mr. Lucifer is a black and white British comedy satire film released in 1953 starring Stanley Holloway. It was filmed at Ealing Studios London and is one of the Ealing Comedies. The film is based on the play Beggar My Neighbour by Arnold Ridley (who later played Private Godfrey in the BBC television comedy series Dad's Army.)
 Pudhupettai (Tamil: புதுப்பேட்டை) is a 2006 Indian Tamil gangster film written and directed by Selvaraghavan starring his brother Dhanush in the lead whilst Sneha and Sonia Agarwal enact the lead female character roles. The film with music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by Arvind Krishna Selvaraghavan's usual crew members released on 26 May 2006 receiving universal critical acclaim for the music and picturisation and ending up as a hit at the box office.
 Melvilasam Sariyanu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
 An Awful Moment is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 The Herd (Turkish: Sürü) is a 1978 Turkish drama film written produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment featuring Tarık Akan as a peasant forced by a local blood feud to sell his sheep in far away Ankara.
 Ehesache Lorenz is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 Gunahon Ka Faisla is a 1988 Indian Bollywood film directed by Shibu Mitra and produced by Pahlaj Nihalani. It stars Shatrughan Sinha Dimple Kapadia and Chunky Pandey in pivotal roles.
 Our Man in Jamaica/Operation Jamaica (Italian: A 001 operazione Giamaica) is an 1965 Italian Spanish international co-production Eurospy adventure film directed by Mel Welles but credited to Ernst R. von Theumer for reasons of European funding.
 The Legend of Frenchie King (French: Les Pétroleuses) is a 1971 French western comedy film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale.
 Bambi is a 1942 American animated drama film directed by David Hand (supervising a team of sequence directors) produced by Walt Disney and based on the book Bambi A Life in the Woods by Austrian author Felix Salten.
 I've Loved You So Long (French: Il y a longtemps que je t'aime) is a 2008 French-language drama film written and directed by Philippe Claudel. It tells the story of a woman struggling to interact with her family and find her place in society after spending fifteen years in prison.
 Uthama Purushan is a 1989 Tamil drama film directed by K. Subash starring Prabhu Revathi and Amala in lead roles. The film produced by V. Mohan and V. Natarajan had musical score by Sankar Ganesh and was released on 1 September 1989.
 The Smashing Bird I Used to Know is a 1969 British drama/sexploitation film directed by Robert Hartford-Davis and starring Madeleine Hinde Maureen Lipman Patrick Mower and Dennis Waterman. As with other Hartford-Davis films The Smashing Bird I Used to Know contains elements from different genres including psychological drama and social commentary. It is best known however as a sexploitation piece featuring nudity attempted rape and lesbianism.
 Furias desatadas (Fury Unleashed) is a 1957 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Sachaa Jhutha (Hindi: सच्चा झूठा English: Honest Liar) is a 1970 Indian Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai. The movie was a box-office blockbuster. The movie stars Rajesh Khanna as a simple villager who has a look alike who is a crook. It also stars Mumtaz and Vinod Khanna. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji. The film was the second highest grossing of the year and declared a Super Hit.
 Arjun Pandit is a 1999 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Rawail	and produced by N.R. Pachisia. It stars Sunny Deol and Juhi Chawla in pivotal roles.
 Olavum Theeravum is a 1970 Malayalam film directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair based on his own short story of the same title published in an anthology of short stories in 1957. The story is about a Muslim trader who falls in love with his dead friend's sister who is the daughter of a prostitute. But the girl's mother forces her to marry a wealthy man who has an eye on her. She rejects him but is raped by him and commits suicide. The film was produced by P. A.
 Spencer's Mountain is a 1963 film written directed and produced by Delmer Daves from a novel by Earl Hamner Jr. The film starred Henry Fonda Maureen O'Hara and in early appearances James MacArthur Veronica Cartwright and Victor French. The novel and film became the basis for the popular television series The Waltons which followed in 1972. Differing from both the film and novel The Waltons watered down many of the adult themes including alcoholism and infidelity.
 City of Lost Souls (German: Stadt Der Verlorenen Seelen) is a 1983 German film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film is a low budget musical satire a fictionalized account about the lurid lives of a group of eccentric cabaret artist who have come from America to Berlin looking for social acceptance and a place to give full reign to their creative nature.
 One More Train to Rob is a 1971 film directed by Andrew McLaglen. It stars George Peppard and Diana Muldaur.
 Susman (Essence) is a 1987 Hindi film directed by Shyam Benegal. The film highlighted the struggle of rural handloom weavers in the wake of rapid industrialization.The film was selected for the Indian Panorama at Filmotsav 1987. Invited to the London Film Festival the Chicago Film Festival the Vancouver International Film Festival the Sydney & Melbourne Film Festivals 1987.
 For the 1946 film starring Laraine Day see The Locket. For the Farscape episode see The Locket (Farscape episode).The Locket (2002) is a Hallmark Hall of Fame psychological drama film starring Vanessa Redgrave. The movie is a screen adaptation of Richard Paul Evans' novel of the same name adapted by Karen Arthur and premiered on 8 December 2002 on CBS Television.
 Foxfire is a 1996 film based on the Joyce Carol Oates novel Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang. It examines the coming of age of four high school girls who meet up with a mysterious and beautiful drifter.
 Vanaja is a 2006 Indian art house film written and directed by Rajnesh Domalpalli on a story that constituted his Master of Fine Arts thesis at Columbia University. The Telugu film was made on a shoestring budget using a cast of non-professional first-timers for two and a half months.The film stars Mamatha Bhukya as the titular character: a 15-year-old daughter of a poor fisherman set in the backdrop of a rustic state of Andhra Pradesh in Southern India.
 For the female given name see Alejandra (given name).Alejandra (English: Alexandra) is a 1956 Argentinian film directed by Carlos Schlieper. Script by Carlos Schlieper based on the novel by Georges Feydeauy and Alexandre Bisson. The stars of the movie were Delia Garcés and Georges Rivière. The film was released on April 19 1956.
 Deceit (Italian: Il gioco) is a 1999 Italian mystery film. The working title was Commedia.
 Dehraadun Diary is a Hindi thriller film released in January 2013. This was the debut film for Ragini Nandwani who made the jump from TV to film industry. The film is based on a real life murder.
 Le huitième jour (English: The Eighth Day) is a 1996 Belgian comedy-drama film that tells the story of the friendship that develops between two men who meet by chance. Harry (Daniel Auteuil) a divorced businessman who feels alienated from his children meets Georges (Pascal Duquenne) an institutionalised man with Down's syndrome after Georges has escaped from his mental institution and is nearly run over by Harry.The film was written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael.
 The Horse's Mouth is a 1958 film directed by Ronald Neame and filmed in Technicolor. Alec Guinness wrote the screenplay from the 1944 novel The Horse's Mouth by Joyce Cary and also played the lead role of Gulley Jimson a London artist.
 Heidi (not to be confused with the animated film released in the same year) is a 2005 British family film directed by Paul Marcus. It is based on the iconic novel Heidi by Johanna Spyri and stars Irish child actress Emma Bolger in the title role alongside Max Von Sydow and Diana Rigg.
 À propos de Sarajevo is a name of a documentary written and directed by Haris Pašović. It is the story about a Sarajevo festival led by Edin Zubcevic and the city of Sarajevo which despite four years of the brutal siege of Sarajevo still nourishes multiculturalism and love of jazz music. The documentary is 30 minutes long and features E.S.T. Denis Baptist Bojan Zulfikarpašić Trio Dhafer Yousuf Anuar Brahem and several other European bands.
 Ultimo tango a Zagarol (internationally released as Last Tango in Zagarol) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Nando Cicero.
 Tevye and His Seven Daughters (Hebrew: טוביה ושבע בנותיו‎ translit. Tuvia Vesheva Benotav) is a 1968 Israeli drama film directed by Menahem Golan. The film is about a poor Russian Jew named Tevye who tries to make a living. When he slowly lands money he attempts to get his daughters married. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.
 The Horn Blows at Midnight (1945) is a comedy fantasy film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Jack Benny. Its biggest claim to fame apart from its star is its failure at the box office. The film had the misfortune to be released only eight days after the death of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
 The Lady Refuses is a 1931 American film directed by George Archainbaud.A British nobleman hires a poor-but-honest young girl to romance his son keeping his mind off his other options. Complications ensue as both men fall for her.
 Pilla Zameendar (Telugu: పిల్ల జమీందార్: Conditions Apply) is a 2011 Telugu-language comedy film written and directed by G. Ashok produced by D. S. Rao and Master Bujji Babu under Sri Shailendra Cinemas banner and starring Nani Haripriya Bindu Madhavi and Srinivas Avasarala in lead roles. This film is heavily inspired by the South Korean film A Millionaire's First Love (2006). The film soundtrack was composed by Indian percussionist and composer Selvaganesh.
 Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American dramatic crime film directed by Sidney Lumet written by Frank Pierson and produced by Martin Bregman. The film stars Al Pacino John Cazale Charles Durning Chris Sarandon Penelope Allen James Broderick Lance Henriksen and Carol Kane. The title refers to the sultry dog days of summer.The film was inspired by P.F.
 Father (Hungarian: Apa) is a 1966 Hungarian drama film written and directed by István Szabó. The film is a coming of age story. The main character copes with his childhood loss of his father against the backdrop of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and memories of the Arrow Cross dictatorship.
 Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li is a 2009 live-action film based on the Street Fighter series of video games. It follows the quest of Street Fighter character Chun-Li who is portrayed by Kristin Kreuk. The story follows Chun-Li's personal history and her journey for justice. The film co-stars Neal McDonough as M. Bison Chris Klein as Charlie Michael Clarke Duncan as Balrog and The Black Eyed Peas member Taboo as Vega.
 Cores (Portuguese for Colors) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film that was released on May 10 2013. It is the debut film of director Francisco Garcia who also wrote the script together with Gabriel Campos.The film was premiered at the 60th San Sebastián International Film Festival in 2012 and was also screened at the 36th São Paulo International Film Festival.
 To the Devil... A Daughter is a 1976 horror film directed by Peter Sykes and produced by Hammer Film Productions and Terra-Filmkunst. It is based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Wheatley and stars Richard Widmark Christopher Lee Honor Blackman Nastassja Kinski and Denholm Elliott. It was the final Hammer production to feature Christopher Lee until 2008's The Resident.
 Surveillance is an independent thriller that is set in the Nebraska plains of the United States (US). The film is directed by Jennifer Lynch and stars Julia Ormond Bill Pullman Michael Ironside and French Stewart. The film premiered out of competition and appeared in a midnight slot at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival. Surveillance is Lynch's second feature film following a fifteen-year break after Boxing Helena.
 Stromboli (also known as: Stromboli terra di dio) is a 1950 Italian-American film directed by Roberto Rossellini and featuring Ingrid Bergman. The drama is considered a classic example of Italian neorealism.
 Bandits is a 2001 American crime-comedy romantic drama film directed by Barry Levinson. It stars Bruce Willis Billy Bob Thornton and Cate Blanchett. Filming began in October 2000 and ended in February 2001. It helped Thornton earn a National Board of Review Best Actor Award for 2001.
 Impossible Goodbye (Polish: Dom bez okien) is a 1962 Polish drama film directed by Stanisław Jędryka. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ek Mutthi Aasmaan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Virender Sinha. The film stars Vijay Arora and Yogeeta Bali .
 Electra (Greek: Ilektra) is a 1962 Greek film based on the play Electra written by Euripides. It was directed by Michael Cacoyannis as the first installement of his Greek tragedy trilogy followed by The Trojan Women in 1971 and Iphigenia in 1977. It starred Irene Papas in the lead role as Elektra and Yannis Fertis as Orestis.
 Asylum (also known as House of Crazies in subsequent US releases) is a 1972 British horror film made by Amicus Productions. The film was directed by Roy Ward Baker produced by Milton Subotsky and scripted by Robert Bloch (who adapted four of his own short stories for the screenplay).Baker had considerable experience as a director of horror films as he had tackled Quatermass and The Pit and Scars of Dracula.
 Angélique et le Roy known in Italy as Angelica alla corte del re or Angelica (Angelique) and the King is a 1966 French historical romantic adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie. Its stars Giuliano Gemma and Michèle Mercier.
 The Hunt for Gollum is a 2009 British fantasy fan film directed by Chris Bouchard and based on the appendices of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. The plot of the film is set in Middle-earth when the wizard Gandalf the Grey fears that Gollum may reveal information about the One Ring to necromancer Sauron. Gandalf sends ranger Aragorn on a quest to find Gollum.Filming took place in North Wales Epping Forest and Hampstead Heath.
 Trick The Movie: Last Stage (トリック劇場版　ラストステージ) is a 2014 Japanese film directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi.
 China's Wild West is a 2009 British documentary directed by Urszula Pontikos.The film received its world premiere at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival its European premiere at the 2009 One World Film Festival. It won Prix du Jeune Public at the 2009 Anûû-rû âboro International Film Festival in New Caledonia.
 Flight of the Ibis originally released as Men of Grey II:Flight of the Ibis and then released in the US as Crackdown is a 1996 Trinidad and Tobago film. It was the second full action feature film shot in Trinidad preceded only by Men of Grey a low-budget feature that introduced the characters of this film.
 Stairs 1 Geneva is a film by Peter Greenaway. It is also a large-scale art installation an exhibition a catalogue and a CD album.
 The Year of the Tiger (Spanish: El año del tigre) is a 2011 Chilean drama film directed by Sebastián Lelio about a prison inmate trying to find his family after the 2010 Chile earthquake.
 Last Days is a 2005 American semi-biographical drama film directed produced and written by Gus Van Sant and is a fictionalized account of the last days of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain. It was released to theaters in the United States on July 22 2005 and was produced by HBO. The film stars Michael Pitt as the character Blake based on Kurt Cobain. Lukas Haas Asia Argento and Scott Patrick Green also star in the film.
 Rois et reine (English title: Kings and Queen) is a 2004 French film directed by Arnaud Desplechin. It won the Louis Delluc Prize the Prix Méliès and the César Award for Best Actor. In addition it was nominated for César awards for Best Film Best Director Best Actress Best Supporting Actor Most Promising Actress and Best Writing.
 The One Game is a four-part 1988 British television drama serial produced by Central Independent Television and broadcast on ITV from 4 June to 25 June 1988. Set and filmed in Birmingham it starred Patrick Malahide Stephen Dillane (credited as Stephen Dillon) Pippa Haywood and Kate McKenzie and was written by John Brown from a concept by Tony Benet.
 A Beautiful Stranger is the English title of the Polish film Piękna nieznajoma directed by Jerzy Hoffman released in 1992.
 Try Not to Breathe (Azerbaijani: Çalış nəfəs alma Russian: Постарайся не дышать) is a 2006 Azerbaijani short film directed by Alina Abdullayeva.In 2007 the film took part at the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival. In 2008 the film participated at the Salento Finibus Terrae International Short Film Festival where the film's director Alina Abdullayeva won an award for Best Director.
 Team Queen is a music video for Triple Creme directed by Leah Meyerhoff.A Planet Out Award finalist Team Queen is a gender-bending fire-breathing tassel-twirling music video for the queer post-punk band Triple Creme starring the best of New York burlesque. Team Queen has screened at dozens of film festivals worldwide and is currently airing on LOGO.
 These Are the Days is a concert video featuring Estradasphere. The original VHS tape features footage from the band's first tour with their original line-up and accompanying circus side-shows. The video was directed and edited by David Murray and Chip Yamada and was released independently in 2000.These Are the Days was re-released on DVD as a special collector's edition on October 3 2005 with an additional hour of footage. The DVD release was produced and directed by Chip Yamada
 Antastulu or Anthasthulu (Telugu: అంతస్తులు) is 1965 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao.It is a Musical film with some melodious songs by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao P. Susheela and Bhanumathi Ramakrishna. The Music score is provided by K. V. Mahadevan. The film has garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu in 1965.
 Miss Tatlock's Millions is an American screwball comedy film directed by Richard Haydn in 1948.
 Voyage of Terror: The Achille Lauro Affair (1990) is a TV Drama/Action movie starring Burt Lancaster and Eva Marie Saint and is based on the 1985 Achille Lauro hijacking. The film was directed by Alberto Negrin.
 Winter Carnival is a 1939 film. It recorded a loss of $33696.
 Reincarnation (輪廻 Rinne) is a 2005 Japanese horror film directed by Takashi Shimizu of a hopeful actress who wins a role in a film that takes her the cast and the crew to a hotel where the present soon collides with the past. It was released as a part of the six-volume J-Horror Theater.
 Common Bonds is a 1997 independent feature film directed by Antonio Manriquez. The movie's crew was composed of 40 teenagers from all over Los Angeles. Work on the movie began at Pacoima Middle School and took place over a two year period. Film rights were sold to Encore Media and the film was later given a special screening at the Sundance Film Festival.
 The Improper Duchess is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Yvonne Arnaud Hugh Wakefield Wilfrid Caithness and Arthur Finn. The film is based on the 1931 play of the same name by J. B. Fagan.
 So Long Stooge (French title: Tchao Pantin) is a 1983 film directed by Claude Berri. It is based on a novel by Alain Page. Coluche the main actor won the Best Actor award in 1984 César Award. The film was selected as the French entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Om Dar-Ba-Dar is a 1988 Indian Postmodernist film directed by Kamal Swaroop and starring Anita Kanwar Aditya Lakhia and Gopi Desai in lead roles. The film about the adventures of a school boy named Om along with his family is set in Ajmer and Pushkar in Rajasthan and employs nonlinear narrative and an absurdist storyline to satire mythology arts politics and philosophy.
 Getting There (also known as Getting There: Sweet 16 and Licensed to Drive) is a 2002 direct-to-video movie starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.
 Currency is a 2009 Malayalam crime film by directed by Swathy Bhaskar starring Mukesh Jayasurya Kalabhavan Mani and Meera Nandan.There have been allegations that the film has been inspired from the film The Man Who Copied.
 Nat Pinkerton in the Fight (German: Nat Pinkerton im Kampf) is a 1920 German film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 Kill Buljo is a 2007 Norwegian parody of the Quentin Tarantino film Kill Bill. It is set in Finnmark Norway and portrays the protagonist Jompa Tormann's hunt for Tampa and Papa Buljo. The film depends heavily on satirizing stereotypes about Norway's Sami population.According to the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet Quentin Tarantino has watched the film's trailer and was quite happy about it looking forward to seeing the film itself.
 The Rosary is a 1931 British drama film directed by Guy Newall and starring Margot Grahame Elizabeth Allan Walter Piers Robert Holmes and Irene Rooke. A woman takes the blame for a murder accidentally committed by her half-sister.
 Dark Flight (Thai: ４０７ เที่ยวบินผี) is a 2012 Thai horror film. The film was directed by Issara Nadee. It shows the journey of a passenger plane haunted by ghosts that gradually trick the passengers into going insane and killing each other.
 Changathipoocha (Malayalam: ചങ്ങാതിപ്പൂച്ച) is a 2007 Malayalam language romantic comedy film directed by debutant S. P. Mehesh starring Jayasurya Radhika and Ramya Nambeeshan in the lead roles.
 The Schippan Mystery is a 1984 Australian TV movie about the murder of Bertha Schippan in 1984.
 Chaitrada Chandrama (Kannada: ಚೈತ್ರದ ಚಂದ್ರಮ) is a 2008 Kannada romance- drama film directed written and composed by S. Narayan. The film features Pankaj making his debut and Amoolya in the lead roles along with Shobharaj and Veena Sunder in other pivotal roles.
 Love 101 is a 2000 comedy film that was directed by Adrian Fulle. The movie first released to theaters on February 14 2000 and stars Michael Muhney and Jeff Anderson as two college students that find their friendship threatened by the introduction of a new girl.
 Gang in Blue is a 1996 American film co-directed by Melvin Van Peebles and his son Mario Van Peebles about a black police officer who discovers a cell of white supremacist vigilantes within his department.
 Kanyaka Talkies (Malayalam: കന്യകാ ടാക്കീസ്‌ English translation: Virgin Talkies) is an upcoming Indian film. It's the debut feature film by K R Manoj national award winning documentary film maker. The movie revolves around a B-grade movie theater of the 80s and 90s.
 Love Mary is a television movie that first aired on CBS-TV on 8 October 1985. It is based upon the true story of Dr. Mary Groda-Lewis (impersonated by Kristy McNichol) who struggled with dyslexia.
 RR (aka Railroad) is a 2008 film by American James Benning. Shot in 16 mm film as most of Benning's films are RR is another in Benning's series of American experimental landscape films; this one focusing on trains and their surrounding environs. In Railroad Benning explores themes of American consumerism and overconsumption in what Benning calls a collaboration with the trains themselves.The film is an exercise in minimalist restraint. Basically it is a series of static shots of trains.
 High Stakes is a 1931 comedy drama produced and released by RKO Pictures. The picture was directed by Lowell Sherman who also stars and marks the last starring screen appearance of silent screen diva Mae Murray.
 Heer Ranjha is the first Punjabi feature film directed by A.R. Kardar starring Anwari Begum and Rafiq Ghaznavi in title roles. It was first named as Hoor Punjab but then Kardar changed its name to Heer Ranjha. Rafiq Ghaznavi composed the music for the film.
 Head Case is a 2007 pseudo-documentary film (cinéma vérité) horror film written and directed by Anthony Spadaccini.The film is presented as a collection of home movies from serial killers Wayne and Andrea Montgomery middle-class suburban residents of Claymont Delaware who film their sadistic crimes.
 La corona di ferro (American title: The Iron Crown) is a 1941 Italian award-winning fantasy film written and directed by Alessandro Blasetti. The film won a Coppa Mussolini award which is the ancestor to the Golden Lion.
 The Mambo Kings is a 1992 drama film directed by Arne Glimcher. It is an adaptation of Oscar Hijuelos's 1989 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love. The film stars Armand Assante and Antonio Banderas as Cesar and Nestor Castillo brothers and aspiring musicians who flee from Cuba to America in the hopes of reviving their failed musical careers.
 Mythri is an upcoming Kannada film directed by Giriraj and produced by N S RajKumar. It stars Mohanlal and Puneeth Rajkumar. Archana of Aa Dinagalu plays the female lead role opposite Mohanlal. Other roles are played by Atul Kulkarni and Ravi Kale. Ilaiyaraaja is scoring the music for the lyrics by H.S. Venkatesha Murthy and Baraguru Ramachandrappa. Krishna Kumar is the cinematographer.
 Demetrius and the Gladiators is a fictional 1954 sword-and-sandal drama film and a sequel to The Robe. The picture was made by 20th Century Fox directed by Delmer Daves and produced by Frank Ross. The screenplay was written by Philip Dunne based on characters created by Lloyd C. Douglas in The Robe. The movie presents Victor Mature as Demetrius a Christian slave made to fight in the Roman arena as a gladiator and Susan Hayward as Messalina.
 I Can't Get Started is a 1985 Australian film about a man who writes a successful novel.
 Gen Silent is a 2010 documentary film directed and produced by Stu Maddux. The documentary follows the lives of six LGBT seniors living in the Boston area who must choose if they will hide their sexuality in order to survive in the long-term health care system. It has been screened at numerous colleges and universities as well as in front of government agencies and healthcare organizations.
 Carefree is a 1938 musical film starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. With a plot similar to screwball comedies of the period Carefree is the shortest of the Astaire-Rogers films featuring only four musical numbers. Carefree is often remembered as the film in which Astaire and Rogers shared a long on-screen kiss at the conclusion of their dance to I Used to Be Color Blind all previous kisses having been either quick pecks or simply implied.
 Maurice Richard is a French language Canadian biopic about the ice hockey player Maurice The Rocket Richard. It was released in English Canada as The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story. It was released in the United States as The Rocket: The Legend of Rocket Richard and was distributed by Universal Studios. It stars Roy Dupuis in the title role and was directed by Charles Binamé.
 The Man Who Fights Alone is a lost 1924 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Wallace Worsley and starred William Farnum and Lois Wilson.
 Chuvanna Vithukal (English: Red Seedlings) is a 1977 Malayalam socio-political film directed by P. A. Backer and starring Balan K. Nair Kozhikode Shantha Devi Zeenath and Santhakumari.
 Svart Lucia (lit. Black Lucia or Black Saint Lucy's Day) is a 1992 Swedish-Danish film directed by Rumle Hammerich. At the 28th Guldbagge Awards Tova Magnusson Norling was nominated for the Best Actress award.
 Hangman's House is a 1928 romantic drama genre silent film set in Co. Wicklow Ireland directed by John Ford (uncredited) with inter-titles written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan. It is based on a novel by Brian Oswald Donn-Byrne. It was adapted by Philip Klein with scenarios by Marion Orth. The film is also notable for containing the first confirmed appearance by John Wayne in a John Ford film.
 Budak Kelantan (Kelantan Boy) is a 2008 Malaysian film which is based on a true story. The film tells the story about the life of 2 people who come from the rural areas of Kelantan and move to the more modern culture and lifestyle living in Kuala Lumpur. The movie was filmed in such places as Central Market and Pertama Complex. It is also a dramatisation of Kelantanese adulthood both which portrays the similar gangsterism that used to take place in Kuala Lumpur a few decades ago.
 Izzatdaar is a 1990 Bollywood film and starring Dilip Kumar Govinda Madhuri Dixit Anupam Kher Shafi Inamdar and Raghuvaran in his Bollywood film debut.
 Bloodsport 4: The Dark Kumite is the fourth film in the Bloodsport franchise. It was released direct-to-video in 1999 and stars Daniel Bernhardt as police officer John Keller.
 Halbblut (English: Half-blood) is a 1919 silent film directed by Fritz Lang. It was the first film Lang directed. The film starred Carl de Vogt Ressel Orla and Carl Gerard Schröder. It is presumed to be lost.
 Wandering Ginza Butterfly (銀蝶渡り鳥 Gincho Wataridori) is a 1972 Japanese gangster film directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi and co-written with Isao Matsumoto. The movie stars Meiko Kaji and Tsunehiko Watase. The movie was followed with a 1972 sequel entitled Gincho Nagaremono: Mesuneko Bakuchi.
 Jawai Maaza Bhala (Marathi: जावई माझा भला; translation: My Good Son-in-law) is a Marathi film that was released on March 16 2008. The film was written by Ratnakar Matkari directed by Adwait Dadarkar and presented by KalaShri Boston. The film stars Vikram Gokhale Amita Khopkar Jayant Savarkar Sujata Joshi and Rajashri Tope.The film is based on a what a father goes through just before his daughter is about to get married.
 Aaha Kalyanam (English: Wow Marriage) is a 2014 romantic comedy film directed by debutant A. Gokul Krishna and produced by Aditya Chopra's Yash Raj Films. A remake of Maneesh Sharma's 2010 Hindi film Band Baaja Baaraat the film features Nani and Vaani Kapoor in the lead roles. Although it was planned as a bilingual it was completely shot in Tamil only while a dubbed Telugu version released simultaneously along the Tamil version.
 Bargain Day is a 1931 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 106th Our Gang short that was released.
 Zizigulu Tales (originally: Ta-Be-Ta tales قصه های تابه تا) is a popular television series directed by Marzieh Boroumand.This series began in the early 1994 and aired on Iranian television until the spring of 1995.Zizigulu is a pink-coloured fictional character who is believed to have lived in the Ta-be-Ta planet before he came to Earth and was adopted by a newlywed couple.
 Father and Scout is a 1994 comedy film starring Bob Saget and Brian Bonsall.
 In My Dreams is a Hallmark Hall of Fame television film. It premiered on ABC on April 20 2014 and stars Katharine McPhee Mike Vogel and JoBeth Williams. It is directed by Kenny Leon from a story by Teena Booth and screenplay by Booth and Suzette Couture.
 Salon Kitty is a 1976 erotic-drama film directed by Tinto Brass. The film was coproduced by Italy France and West Germany.
 El Cabo Tijereta is a 1973 Argentine film.
 Café is a 2010 independent drama film directed by Marc Erlbaum. It stars Jennifer Love Hewitt Daniel Eric Gold Alexa Vega and Jamie Kennedy who was Hewitt's boyfriend at the time of filming.
 Sisila Gini Gani (English: Fire on Ice) is a 1992 Sri Lankan Sinhala language film. It was the first film directed by Prasanna Vithanage. Sisila Gini Gani had a short run in Sri Lanka.The music for the film was composed by Dr. Premasiri Khemadasa.
 Devaraya (Telugu: దేవరాయ) is a 2012 Telugu film starring Srikanth Meenakshi Dixit and Vidisha in the lead roles directed by Nani Krishna and Produced by Kiran Jakkam Shetty & Nani Krishna. Chakri provided the music. The film was releasing worldwide on 7 December 2012.
 Oatsurae Jirokichi Koshi (御誂治郎吉格子 Jirokichi the Rat) is a 1931 black and white Japanese silent film with benshi accompaniment directed by Daisuke Itō. It is the only completely preserved silent film directed by Ito and related the life of a legendary thief Jirokichi the Rat in an exquisite original story and through the revolutionary use of dynamic intertitles.
 Tongues Untied is a 1989 semi-documentary film directed by Marlon Riggs. The film seeks in its author's words to ...shatter the nation's brutalizing silence on matters of sexual and racial difference.
 Porn of the Dead is a 2006 pornographic horror film written and directed by Rob Rotten.
 The American made-for-television movie Will: G. Gordon Liddy first aired on NBC in January 1982. The film depicts the rise and fall of Watergate co-conspirator G. Gordon Liddy. Liddy was portrayed by two different actors: American actor Robert Conrad played Liddy as an adult and child-actor Danny Lloyd portrayed him in his youth. Other figures associated with the Watergate scandal and portrayed in this film include Jeb Magruder and John Dean.
 Toys in the Attic is a 1963 American drama film starring Dean Martin Geraldine Page Yvette Mimieux Gene Tierney and Wendy Hiller. The film was directed by George Roy Hill and is based on a Tony Award-winning play with the same name by Lillian Hellman. The original music score was composed by George Duning.
 Wings for this Man is a propaganda film produced in 1945 by the U.S. Army Air Forces First Motion Picture Unit about the Tuskegee Airmen the first unit of African-American pilots in the US military.The film begins with dramatic footage of aerial combat over Italy showing an outnumbered American squadron successfully dogfighting a Luftwaffe formation.
 Save Virgil is a short independent film by Brad Ableson that mixes live action with animation released on March 3 2004. It features the voice of Adam Carolla as the title character who is a human cartoon living in real world. It made its television premiere on G4's Happy Tree Friends and Friends series.
 MehJabeene or Strong is a Pollywood film of 1972. It stares Asif Khan Yasmin and Surraya in the lead roles. It was a hit film of 1972.
 Dragonball Evolution is a 2009 live-action adventure fiction film directed and co-written by James Wong. The film is based on the Japanese Dragon Ball manga by Akira Toriyama and stars Justin Chatwin as Goku Emmy Rossum as Bulma James Marsters as Lord Piccolo Jamie Chung as Chi-Chi Chow Yun-fat as Master Roshi Joon Park as Yamcha and Eriko Tamura as Mai.
 Helpmates is a Laurel and Hardy short film comedy. It was directed by James Parrott produced by Hal Roach and released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer on January 23 1932.
 Ganashatru (Bengali: গণশত্রু Gônoshotru Enemy of the People) is a 1990 Indian film by Satyajit Ray. It is an adaption of Henrik Ibsen's play An Enemy of the People and was released under that title in the UK. The cast includes Ray's favourite actor Soumitra Chatterjee and veteran actors such as Dhritiman Chatterjee Shubhendu Chatterjee Manoj Mitra and Ruma Guhathakurta.
 Kapitan Sowa na tropie is a Polish series from 1965 directed by Stanisław Bareja. It was the first Polish criminal series made after World War II.
 The Roller Blade Seven is a 1991 cult martial arts film directed by Donald G. Jackson and starring Scott Shaw.
 Aa Ab Laut Chalen (translation: Come Let's Go Back) is a 1999 Bollywood romantic drama musical directed by Rishi Kapoor and written by Sachin Bhowmick. The film premiered in India and the United States on 22 January 1999. It starred Rajesh Khanna Akshaye Khanna and Aishwarya Rai and was the last production of R. K. Films. Box Office India declared it a below-average performer at the box office.
 Don't Take It to Heart is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Richard Greene Alfred Drayton Moore Marriott and Patricia Medina. Its plot involves an ancient ghost that is awakened by the Second World War and helps a young lawyer to win his case.
 Best Man Wins is a 1948 film directed by John Sturges based on a story by Mark Twain.
 Ghost of the China Sea is a 1958 film co-written by Charles B. Griffith set during World War II. It was the last movie directed by Fred F. Sears who died of a heart attack in 1957.
 One Fine Spring Day is a Korean feature film released by Sidus and Applause Films in 2001. Directed by Hur Jin-ho (of Christmas in August) the film is a portrait of a love affair - from its blossoming in spring to its decline as the year passes.
 Secret Service in Darkest Africa (1943) is a Republic movie serial. It was Republic's thirtieth serial of the sixty-six produced by the studio.It was a sequel to G-Men vs the Black Dragon released earlier in 1943 again starring Rod Cameron as American secret agent Rex Bennett. This time Bennet faces the Nazis rather than the Japanese.
 McHale's Navy is a 1964 technicolor movie based on the 1962-1966 black and white television sitcom McHale's Navy starring a slimmed down Ernest Borgnine Tim Conway and Joe Flynn which had in turn originated with a one-hour anthology drama starring Borgnine entitled Seven Against the Sea. The movie version was directed by series producer Edward J. Montagne and its supporting cast includes Carl Ballantine Gavin McLeod Jean Willes Claudine Longet and George Kennedy.
 Flitterwochen ohne Ehemann is an East German television film. It was released in 1961.
 Darkness Falls is a 1999 drama film by John Howlett very loosely adapted from N. J. Crisp's psychological thriller Dangerous Obsession and directed by Gerry Lively.N. J. Crisp's name does not appear on the films credits.The film was shot in late 1997 on the Isle of Man.
 Tsuge Yoshiharu World: Gensenkan Shujin (ゲンセンカン主人) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Teruo Ishii.
 The Good Dinosaur is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is currently scheduled to be released on November 25 2015. It is the studio's sixteenth feature film. Bob Peterson who came up with the idea for the story directed The Good Dinosaur until August 2013 when he was removed from the film.
 Rushmore is a 1998 comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson about an eccentric teenager named Max Fischer (Jason Schwartzman in his first film) his friendship with rich industrialist Herman Blume (Bill Murray) and their mutual love for elementary school teacher Rosemary Cross (Olivia Williams). The film was co-written by Anderson and Owen Wilson.
 Pardonnez-moi (French pronunciation: ​[paʁdɔne mwa]) is a 2006 French film written and directed by Maïwenn starring Maïwenn Pascal Greggory Hélène de Fougerolles and Aurélien Recoing. The film was retitled Forgive Me for the English-language international market. In 2007 Pardonnez-moi received two nominations for César Awards France's most prestigious film awards for Best First Film and Best Female Newcomer.
 Damned by Dawn is a 2009 Australian independent horror film written and directed by Brett Anstey starring Renee Willner Bridget Neval Dawn Klingberg Danny Alder Peter Stratford Taryn Eva and Mark Taylor. It was released in United States on Blu-ray and DVD by Image Entertainment on 9 November 2010.
 Akeelah and the Bee is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Doug Atchison. It tells the story of Akeelah Anderson (Keke Palmer) an 11-year-old girl who participates in the Scripps National Spelling Bee her mother (Angela Bassett) schoolmates and also her coach Dr. Joshua Larabee (Laurence Fishburne).
 Neige is a 1981 French drama film directed by Juliet Berto and Jean-Henri Roger. It was entered into the 1981 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Young Cinema Award.
 Oblivion 2: Backlash is a 1996 film directed by Sam Irvin and starring Richard Joseph Paul Jackie Swanson Maxwell Caulfield and Musetta Vander. It was produced by Full Moon Entertainment and was shot in Romania. It is a sequel to the 1994 film Oblivion.
 Qaamarngup uummataa (English title: Heart of light) is a 1998 Greenlandic and Danish produced drama film directed and written by Jacob Grønlykke.
 Haunted Harbor (1944) is a Republic movie serial based on the novel by Ewart Adamson.
 Parallel Lives is a 1994 television film directed by Linda Yellen. It returns some actors and similar patterns of Yellen's previous work Chantilly Lace. It is Dudley Moore's last film role.Parallel Lives was broadcast August 14 1994 on the Showtime cable network.
 Rubia's Jungle is a 1970 Dutch film directed by .
 Men in Rut (Czech: Muži v říji) is a Czech drama film directed by Robert Sedlácek. It was released in 2009.
 Visakha Express is a Suspense Thriller Movie directed by Mullapudi Vara. The film stars Allari Naresh Rajiv Kanakala Preeti Jhangiani and Sindhu Tolani.The basic plot of the story is taken from Alfred Hitchcock's Strangers On A Train (1951)which is about the two strangers and exchange of murders.
 Lone Star is a 1996 American mystery film written and directed by John Sayles and set in a small town in Texas. The ensemble cast features Chris Cooper Kris Kristofferson Matthew McConaughey and Elizabeth Peña and deals with a sheriff's investigation into the murder of one of his predecessors. The movie was filmed in Del Rio Eagle Pass and LaredoTexas.
 Jeevan Ki Shatranj is a 1993 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar starring Mithun Chakraborty Farha Naaz Shilpa Shirodkar and Charan Raj
 The Barrier is a 1926 American silent adventure film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by George Hill. The film stars Lionel Barrymore and Marceline Day and is based on the 1908 wilderness novel of the same name by Rex Beach. Previous versions of the novel had been filmed in 1913 and 1917 respectively. This film is the last silent version to be filmed. A lost film.
 Dekada '70 (English: The ’70s) is a 2002 Filipino drama film released based on the acclaimed novel by Filipino author Lualhati Bautista. The film was restored by the ABS-CBN Film Archive.
 The Curse (also known as The Farm or The Curse 1) is a 1987 horror film adaptation of H. P. Lovecraft's The Colour Out of Space directed by David Keith. Famed Italian director Lucio Fulci was listed as a co-producer in the credits and is said to have supervised the special gore effects in the film.
 Kabaddi Once Again is a Punjabi film starring Varinder Singh Ghuman Sudeepa Singh Jaswinder Bhalla Binnu Dhillon & Nachhatar Gill.
 I Love You I Love You Not is a 1996 romantic drama film directed by Billy Hopkins and written (also the play) by Wendy Kesselman.
 Big Bird in Japan was a 1989 special by the Children's Television Workshop (now Sesame Workshop) that aired on PBS January 16 1989. The special was based on the popular television series Sesame Street. The program was also produced with the help of NHK.
 The Bricklayers (Spanish: Los albañiles) is a 1976 Mexican drama film directed by Jorge Fons. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Signs of Life also known as One for Sorrow Two for Joy is a film by American director John David Coles released May 5 1989. The film stars Beau Bridges Vincent D'Onofrio and Arthur Kennedy (in his last film appearance).Kathy Bates Mary-Louise Parker Will Patton and Kate Reid also are featured.Signs of Life was filmed in various small-town locations in Maine with the exception of an underwater sequence filmed at Mystic Marine Aquarium in Mystic Connecticut.
 You Can't Win 'Em All is a 1970 war film written by Leo Gordon (also an actor who appears in the film) and directed by Peter Collinson starring Tony Curtis and Charles Bronson as two American soldiers in 1922 Turkey who protect the three daughters of a Turkish governor while thwarting a Turkish army colonel's attempt to take gold on a train the two soldiers happen to be on. The setting is the time of the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922).
 Fire-Eater (Finnish: Tulennielijä) is a 1998 Finnish film directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and written by Pirkko Saisio. It tells a story of two orphaned sisters who end up working in a travelling circus. The film received several international awards including the Grand Jury prize at the American Film Institute International Film Festival in 1998.
 Julius Sizzer (1931) is an American two-reel short film directed by Edward Ludwig.
 Beijing Blues (神探亨特张 Shéntàn Hēngtè Zhāng literally Divine Detective Hunter Zhang)is a 2012 Chinese film directed by Gao Qunshu. It won Best Feature Film Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing at the Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards in 2012.
 Nuns on the Run is a 1990 British comedy film starring Eric Idle and Robbie Coltrane also featuring Camille Coduri and Janet Suzman. It was written and directed by Jonathan Lynn and produced by HandMade Films. Many of the outdoor scenes were shot in Chiswick. The soundtrack was composed and performed by Yello.
 The Better Angels is a 2014 American biographical drama-historical film about the formative years of United States President Abraham Lincoln directed by A. J. Edwards. The film was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Tobruk is a 2008 film written and directed by Václav Marhoul and starring Jan Meduna and Petr Vanek. It is an adaptation of the classic American Civil War novel The Red Badge of Courage by Stephen Crane but transfers the action to North Africa during World War II.
 A Cozy Cottage (Hungarian: Kertes házak utcája) is a 1963 Hungarian drama film directed by Tamás Fejér. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gentle Strangers is a 1972 Australian film directed by Cecil Holmes.
 Veerasekaran is a 2010 Tamil film directed by Sathish Kumar. The film featured Amala Paul and Veerasamar in the lead roles.
 She's Working Her Way Through College is a 1952 American film produced by Warner Bros. A musical comedy in Technicolor it was directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starred Virginia Mayo and Ronald Reagan. She's Working Her Way through College is adapted quite loosely from the 1942 film of James Thurber's First Amendment comedy/drama The Male Animal which starred Olivia DeHavilland and Henry Fonda.
 Cooties is an upcoming 2014 American comedy horror film directed by Cary Murnion and Jonathan Milott written by Ian Brennan and Leigh Whannell. The film stars Elijah Wood Alison Pill Rainn Wilson Jack McBrayer and Jorge Garcia.
 The Mystery of Mr. Wong is a 1939 American mystery film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff.
 Meek's Cutoff is a 2010 western film directed by Kelly Reichardt. The film was shown in competition at the 67th Venice International Film Festival. The story is loosely based on a historical incident on the Oregon Trail in 1845 in which frontier guide Stephen Meek led a wagon train on an ill-fated journey through the Oregon desert along the route later known as the Meek Cutoff.
 The Hellcat is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Mabel Poulton Eric Bransby Williams and John F. Hamilton. It was based on a play by Florence Kilpatrick and made at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames.
 Zameen Aasmaan is a 1972 Hindi action film directed by A. Veerappan. It has a popular song aisa sama na hota sung by Lata Mangeshkar.
 Antore Bahire (2012) in a Bengali film. The film is directed by Somnath Sen.
 Invisible Man: Rape! (透明人間　犯せ！ Tomei ningen: okase!) aka Lusty Transparent Man is a 1978 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Isao Hayashi and starring Izumi Shima.
 3 Bad Men is a 1926 American Western film directed by John Ford. Bob Mastrangelo has called it One of John Ford's greatest silent epics.
 The Story of Two Women (두 여자 이야기 - Duyeoja iyagi) is a 1994 South Korean film directed by Lee Jung-gook. It was awarded Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards ceremony. Other awards won by the film included Best New Director for Lee Best Screenplay and Best New Actress for Yun Yu-sun.
 Il dio serpente is a 1970 Italian erotic fantasy film directed by Piero Vivarelli and featuring Italian-based American actress Nadia Cassini in her first lead role. The film is an earlier example of voodoo (and later zombie) themed sexploitation films shot in the Dominican Republic by Italian directors. The theme song of the film Djamballà by Augusto Martelli reached the first position in the Italian hit parade.
 All for Peggy is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Stormbound or La Strada finisce sul fiume is a 1950 Italian film directed by Luigi Capuano.
 Der Stein des Todes is a 1987 German-Sri-Lankan action film director by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Albert Fortell Heather Thomas Elke Sommer and Brad Harris. While in Sri Lanka attending the Esala Perahera festival a man's girlfriend goes missing and is later found dead of a drug overdose. He then sets about going after the criminals who killed her. It was also released as Perahera Death Stone and Jungle Fire.
 Chopin: Desire for Love (Polish: Chopin. Pragnienie miłości) is a film created by director Jerzy Antczak based on the life story of the famous Polish pianist and composer Fryderyk Chopin.The plot covers the affair between Chopin and feminist writer George Sand.
 Three Days Confined to Barracks (German: Drei Tage Mittelarrest) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Max Adalbert Ida Wüst and Gretl Theimer. The film is a farce set around a military barracks. It was a major hit on its release. It was later remade in 1955 under the same title.The film's art direction was by Emil Hasler.
 Het is een schone dag geweest is a 1993 Dutch documentary film directed by Jos de Putter.
 Black on White (Finnish: Mustaa valkoisella) is a 1968 Finnish drama film directed by Jörn Donner. The film stars Donner himself as a refrigerator salesman named Juha Holm who starts an affair with a young female hitchhiker named Maria (played by Kristiina Halkola).The film was very controversial for its sex scenes at the time the most daring in Finnish film history.
 Iron Warrior (aka Ator 3: Iron Warrior) is the third installmernt in the 4-film Ator film series and the first not to be directed by Joe D'Amato (instead it was directed by Alfonso Brescia).
 The Hand is a 1960 British horror film directed by Henry Cass.
 Puffball is a 2007 supernatural drama film directed by Nicolas Roeg. It is based on the novel by Fay Weldon adapted by her son Dan Weldon. The film was partially funded through the UK Film Council's New Cinema Fund.The film had its premiere at the 2007 Montreal Film Festival. The film was later released in Canada on October 28 2007 and saw a limited release in the United States on 29 February 2008.
 Tugboat Annie Sails Again was a 1940 sequel to the classic 1933 film Tugboat Annie. Marjorie Rambeau takes over the late Marie Dressler's role and the supporting cast includes Alan Hale Sr. Jane Wyman and Ronald Reagan. The movie was directed by Lewis Seiler.
 Love Toy is an American 1968 sexploitation film produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars Bernard Marcel Pat Happel Uta Erickson (billed as Willa Mist) and Larry Hunter (billed as Vic Lester). This film marks Wishman's return to color film after a previous number of black and white films.
 Lottovoittaja UKK Turhapuro is a Finnish 1976 comedy film written by Spede Pasanen and directed by Ere Kokkonen. It is the third film in the Uuno Turhapuro series. The film's title translates to Lottery winner UKK Turhapuro UKK being an apparent reference to former President of Finland Urho Kekkonen.
 Love After Love (French: Après l'amour) is a 1992 French romance film directed by Diane Kurys and starring Isabelle Huppert.
 Alligator II: The Mutation is a 1991 American direct-to-video sequel of Alligator (1980).
 A Slightly Pregnant Man (French: L'Événement le plus important depuis que l'homme a marché sur la Lune Italian: Niente di grave suo marito è incinto) is a 1973 French-Italian comedy film directed by Jacques Demy.
 After the Verdict is a 1929 British silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Olga Tschechowa Warwick Ward and Betty Carter. It was based on the 1924 novel of the same title by Robert Hichens. An aristocrat is accused of murdering his lover. It was made as an independent film at British International Pictures' Elstree Studios. It is now considered a lost film.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a 2006 American fantasy adventure film and the second film of the Pirates of the Caribbean film series following Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003). It was directed by Gore Verbinski written by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
 The Brain Leeches is a 1977 sci-fi film directed by Fred Olen Ray and starring Paul Jones Marcia Scott & Ray Starr.
 The Story of Mankind is a 1957 American fantasy film based on the nonfiction book The Story of Mankind by Hendrik Willem van Loon. The film is notable mostly for its campness and for featuring an ensemble of notable Hollywood performers in the last years of their careers. The film was former publicist Irwin Allen's first attempt at directing live actors after his documentaries The Sea Around Us and The Animal World.
 The Lost Boys is an award-winning 1978 docudrama mini-series produced by the BBC written by Andrew Birkin and directed by Rodney Bennett. It is about the relationship between Peter Pan creator J. M. Barrie and the Llewelyn Davies boys.
 Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge is a 2002 Hindi film directed by Pankaj Parashar. The films stars Salman Khan Sushmita Sen and Dia Mirza in the lead roles. It was remade in Bengali as It Was Raining That Night (2005).
 Danton is a 1921 German silent historical film directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki and starring Emil Jannings Werner Krauss and Ossip Runitsch. It premiered in Berlin on 4 May 1921. It was based on the play Danton's Death by Georg Büchner.
 Fighting for Freedom is an American drama film written by Chris Loken and directed by Farhad Mann. Starring Kristanna Loken Bruce Dern José María Yazpik and Patricia De León. The film premiered in New York on September 12 2013 at the Fairview Plaza Cinema 3. It had its Los Angeles premiere October 18 2013 at the Laemmle NoHo 7. On December 3 2013 the film was released on DVD. Loken Mann Productions is the production company for the film.
 Gul-E-Bakawali also spelled as Gul-E-Bakavali Gul-e-Bakawali or Gule Bakawali is a pre-partition Punjabi film by D.M. Pancholi starring Salim Raza Noor Jehan Suraiya Hem Lata and Jabeen.
 Krodhi is a 1981 Indian Hindi film directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Dharmendra Shashi Kapoor Zeenat Aman Pran Premnath Sachin Ranjeeta and Hema Malini in an extended special appearance. The movie was produced by Ranjit Virk and the music was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.
 The Darkest Hour is a 2011 Russian-American science fiction thriller film directed by Chris Gorak and produced by Timur Bekmambetov. The American-based production depicts an alien invasion and stars Emile Hirsch Max Minghella Olivia Thirlby Joel Kinnaman and Rachael Taylor as a group of people caught in the invasion. The film was released on December 25 2011 in the United States.
 Mundhinam Paartheney is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant director Magizh Thirumeni starring newcomers Sanjay Ekta Ghosla Lizna Pooja and Sai Prashanth in lead roles. The film produced by Manickam Narayanan's Seventh Channel Communications released on 19 March 2010. Movie is praised for the screenplay flow of events and comedy.
 How I Learned to Love Women (Italian: Come imparai ad amare le donne French: Comment j'ai appris à aimer les femmes German: Das gewisse Etwas der Frauen also known as Love Parade) is a 1966 Italian-French-German comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.
 The Innkeepers is a 2011 horror film written directed and edited by Ti West starring Sara Paxton Pat Healy and Kelly McGillis.
 The Possessed is a 1977 TV film directed by Jerry Thorpe written by John Sacret Young and starring James Farentino and Joan Hackett. It is about a priest who returns from the dead to battle satanic forces at an all-girls school.
 Sweet Angel Mine is a 1996 thriller directed by Curtis Radclyffe
 The Black Orchid is a 1958 film starring Sophia Loren and Anthony Quinn.
 The Passionate Demons (Norwegian: Line) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils Reinhardt Christensen. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Public Pigeon No. One is a 1957 comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod. It stars Red Skelton and Janet Blair.
 Kill Katie Malone is a 2010 American horror film directed by Carlos Ramos Jr. and starring Masiela Lusha from The George Lopez Show and Dean Cain. The screenplay was written by Mark Onspaugh.
 Parampara (Malayalam: പരമ്പര meaning the succession) is a 1990 Malayalam film directed by Sibi Malayil written by S. N. Swamy and starring Mammootty Sumalatha and Suresh Gopi. Mammootty plays two roles in the film portraying both Johny the protagonist and Lawrence his father.The film was remade in Hindi as Phool Aur Kaante (1991) starring Ajay Devgan and Amrish Puri and also in Telugu as Varasudu (1993) starring Nagarjuna Akkineni and Krishna Ghattamaneni.
 Ambush Bay is a 1966 war film filmed on location in the Philippines that was produced by Aubrey Schenck and released through United Artists.
 Law of the West is a 1932 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.
 Woman Doctors (German: Ärztinnen) is a 1984 German crime film directed by Horst Seemann. It was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.
 My Beautiful Girl Mari (Hangul: 마리이야기; RR: Mariiyagi; lit. The Story of Mari) is a 2002 South Korean animated film. It follows the story of a young boy during summer vacation and ascends into flights of surrealistic fantasy which may or may not be dream sequences. The English-language dub was directed and produced by Carl Macek and licenced by A.D. Vision.
 Nightstalker is a 2002 film directed by Chris Fisher about Richard Ramirez. It was nominated for two Fangoria Chainsaw Awards.
 Don Juan DeMarco is a 1995 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Johnny Depp as John Arnold DeMarco a man who believes himself to be Don Juan the greatest lover in the world. Clad in a cape and domino mask DeMarco undergoes psychiatric treatment with Marlon Brando's character Dr. Jack Mickler to cure him of his apparent delusion.
 Pronto... c'è una certa Giuliana per te is a 1967 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Massimo Franciosa. For this film Mario Nascimbene won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Score.
 Little Thieves Big Thieves (Spanish: 100 años de perdón) is a 1998 Venezuelan gangster comedy film directed by Alejandro Saderman. The film was a considerable success in Germany.[citation needed]
 Celsius 41.11 is a 2004 documentary film produced to be a rebuttal to Michael Moore's film Fahrenheit 9/11. 41.11 °C was chosen because according to the makers of the movie it is the temperature at which the brain begins to die.The film addresses five charges made against George W. Bush in Moore's film and criticizes 2004 Democratic Presidential candidate John Kerry.
 À la recherche du temps perdu is a 2011 television film by Nina Companéez based on Marcel Proust's seven-volume novel In Search of Lost Time.The two-part film attempts to cover the entire novel with the exception of the first volume Swann's Way—the narrator's childhood and the story of Charles Swann are only briefly mentioned the latter having already been previously adapted as Swann in Love (1984) by Volker Schlöndorff.Critical reception was mixed with e.g.
 The Soldiers of Pancho Villa (Spanish: La Cucaracha) is a 1959 Mexican epic historical drama film co-written produced and directed by Ismael Rodríguez inspired by the popular Mexican Revolution corrido La Cucaracha. It stars María Félix and Dolores del Río in the lead roles and features Emilio Fernández Antonio Aguilar Flor Silvestre and Pedro Armendáriz in supporting roles.The film was nominated for a Golden Palm award at the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bloodsport is a 1988 American martial arts drama film directed by Newt Arnold starring Jean-Claude Van Damme Roy Chiao Donald Gibb and Leah Ayres. The film is based in part on fiction as well as in part inspired by claims made by American martial artist Frank Dux. It sold well at the box office grossing $11806119 domestically on a budget of $1100000. Bloodsport was one of Van Damme's first starring films and showcased his athletic abilities.
 Braj Bhumi(ब्रजभूमि) is a 1982 's biggest hit film based on Braj culture. This film is first film Brajbhasha language movie (1982) made by actorproducer & director Shiv Kumar in banner of Ocaon Movies Music by famous film music director Ravindra Jain starcast were Shiv Kumar Arun Govil Raja Bundela Urmila Bhatt etc.
 The Haunting of Molly Hartley is a 2008 supernatural horror film written by John Travis and Rebecca Sonnenshine and directed by Mickey Liddell starring Haley Bennett Chace Crawford AnnaLynne McCord Jake Weber and Jessica Lowndes.
 Barb Wire is a 1996 American action-science fiction film based on the Dark Horse comic book series of the same name. Brad Wyman produced and David Hogan directed. Barb Wire stars Pamela Anderson in the title role.
 Son of God is a 2014 American epic biblical drama feature produced by Mark Burnett and Roma Downey. It was released in India on 25th April 2014. The film was adapted from the ten-hour miniseries The Bible which aired in March 2013 on History channel.
 Jatt Airways is the Punjabi movie starring Alfaaz Tulip Joshi Padam Bhola Smriti Khanna Jaswinder Bhalla Binnu Dhillon Rana Jang Bahadur BN Sharma Deepak Raja Karamjit Anmol Manreet Kaur Kulwant Gill and many more After postponing couple of times the movie was released on 30 August 2013
 Three Men and a Girl is a lost 1919 comedy-romance directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Marguerite Clark. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on an off-Broadway play The Three Bears by Edward Childs Carpenter.
 The Princess and the Pirate is a 1944 American comedy film directed by David Butler and starring Bob Hope and Virginia Mayo. Based on a story by Sy Bartlett the film is about a princess who travels incognito to elope with her true love instead of marrying the man to whom she is betrothed. On the high seas her ship is attacked by pirates who plan to kidnap her and hold her for ransom unaware that she will be rescued by the unlikeliest of knights errant.
 The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth. The film stars RZA Russell Crowe Cung Le Lucy Liu Byron Mann Rick Yune David Bautista and Jamie Chung. Set in 19th century China the story follows a series of lone warriors who are forced to unite to defeat a common foe and save their home of Jungle Village.Development began in 2005 when RZA shared his idea for the film with Roth.
 Chained for Life is a 1951 exploitation film featuring the famous conjoined (Siamese) Hilton Twins Daisy and Violet. It features several vaudeville acts including juggler Whitey Roberts a man doing bicycle stunts and a man Tony Lovello who plays the William Tell Overture and Hungarian Dance No.
 Ma and Pa Kettle at the Fair is a 1952 American comedy film directed by Charles Barton. It is the fourth installment of Universal-International's Ma and Pa Kettle franchise starring Marjorie Main and Percy Kilbride.
 Sleeping Beauty is a 1959 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney and based on La Belle au bois dormant by Charles Perrault and based also on Little Briar Rose by The Brothers Grimm. The 16th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series it was released to theaters on January 29 1959 by Buena Vista Distribution.
 Gunman (Thai: มือปืน or Mue puen also known as The Sister-in-Law) is a 1983 Thai crime film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol and starring Sorapong Chatree as an amputee assassin.
 After the Fox (Italian: Caccia alla volpe) is a 1966 British-Italian comedy film starring Peter Sellers and directed by Vittorio De Sica. The screenplay is in English by Neil Simon and De Sica's longtime collaborator Cesare Zavattini.Despite its notable credits the film was poorly received when it was released. It has since gained a cult following for its numerous in-jokes skewering pompous directors (including Cecil B.
 The Bronx Executioner is the English title of the Italian cyborg film Il Giustiziere del Bronx released in 1989.
 The Graduates is an American coming-of-age teen comedy film directed and written by Ryan Gielen. The film is produced by Ryan Gielen Matthew Gielen Josh Davis and Caitlin Marshall. The film tells the story of Ben (played by Rob Bradford) Andy (played by Blake Merriman) Mattie (played by Nick Vergara) and Nickie (played by Michael Pennacchio) recent highschool graduates who go to Ocean City Maryland for Senior Week or Beach Week.
 Vive L'Amour (Chinese: 愛情萬歲 Aiqing wansui) is a 1994 Taiwanese New Wave film by Tsai Ming-liang. It is a slow-paced film with sparse dialogue about urban alienation centering on three people who unknowingly share an apartment in Taipei.
 Safety in Numbers is a 1930 American musical comedy film. It stars Buddy Rogers and features Kathryn Crawford Josephine Dunn and Carole Lombard (in one of her early roles).
 Matashirō Fighting Journey (又四郎喧嘩旅 Matashirō Kenka-tabi) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Katsuhiko Tasaka
 Giuliani Time is a 1999 documentary film by Kevin Keating about Rudy Giuliani former Mayor of New York City.The Village Voice called the documentary an incisive portrait of power seizure and class combat as it was performed by the numbers on the municipal level. The film contains several archival segments as well as interviews with Village Voice writer and unauthorized Giuliani biographer Wayne Barrett and radio journalist Doug Henwood.The documentary's title is a reference to a phrase that police officers allegedly uttered to Abner Louima when they tortured him in a Brooklyn police precinct house. 
 The Marriage Business is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Estelle Brody Owen Nares and Jack Rutherford. It is also known by the alternative title This Woman Business.
 MW is a live-action Japanese film released in 2009 and based on the MW manga by Osamu Tezuka. The film was directed by Hitoshi Iwamoto.
 The Butcher is a 2009 action film directed by Jesse V. Johnson and starring Eric Roberts.
 Ya Ya is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy drama film written and directed by debutant I. Rajasekaran who was an assistant to Director M. Rajesh and S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film features Shiva Santhanam Sandhya and Dhansika in the lead roles. It received 'U/A' certificate from Central Board of Film Certification because of the intense violence and a few other scenes. The film received positive reviews and was declared a blockbuster at the box office.
 Hollywood Ending is a American film from 2002 written and directed by Woody Allen who also plays the principal character. It tells the story of a once-famous film director who suffers hysterical blindness due to the intense pressure of directing.
 An Actor's Revenge (雪之丞変化 Yukinojō Henge) also known as Revenge of a Kabuki Actor is a 1963 film directed by Kon Ichikawa. The film was produced in Eastmancolor and Daieiscope for Daiei Film.The film is a remake of the 1935 film of the same title (distributed in English-speaking countries under the title The Revenge of Yukinojō) which also starred Kazuo Hasegawa. The 1963 An Actor's Revenge marked Hasegawa's 300th role as a film actor.
 The Years Between (1946) is a British film directed by Compton Bennett and starring Michael Redgrave Valerie Hobson and Flora Robson in an adaptation of The Years Between by Daphne du Maurier.
 Treasure of Matecumbe is a Walt Disney Productions family adventure film released in 1976 directed by Vincent McEveety. It was based on the novel A Journey to Matecumbe by Robert Lewis Taylor. The plot involves a boy (Johnny Doran) and his companion (Billy Atmore) who run away from home to hunt for treasure. The filming locations were in Danville Kentucky Sacramento River at Colusa California and Walt Disney Golden Oak Ranch in California.
 Glissando is a 1982 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Daneliuc. The film was selected as the Romanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Big Delirium (French: Le Grand Délire) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Dennis Berry.
 A Modern Musketeer is a 1917 American silent adventure comedy film directed and written by Allan Dwan. Based on the short story D’Artagnan of Kansas by E.P. Lyle Jr. the film was produced by and stars Douglas Fairbanks.A now complete and restored print of the film still exists and is currently in the public domain.
 The Last Flight (Le dernier vol) is a 2009 French film. Directed by Karim Dridi it stars Marion Cotillard and Guillaume Canet. The film is based on the French novel Le dernier vol de Lancaster by Sylvain Estibal which is loosely based on the real life events surrounding the disappearance of British aviator Bill Lancaster.
 One Too Many also known as Killer With a Label Mixed-Up Women and The Important Story of Alcoholism was an exploitation film produced by Kroger Babb in 1950. It told the story of Helen Mason (Ruth Warrick) who is slowly revealed during the course of the film to be an alcoholic destroying her career as a concert pianist and her family in the process.The film contained musical numbers as filler and was presented as an exploitation film by Babb.
 For the play see Incendies (play)Incendies is a 2010 Canadian mystery drama film written and directed by Denis Villeneuve. Adapted from Wajdi Mouawad's play of the same name Incendies follows the journey of twin brother and sister as they attempt to unravel the mystery of their mother's life. The film premiered at the Venice and Toronto Film Festivals in September 2010 and was released in Quebec on 17 September 2010.
 Full-Court Miracle is a 2003 Disney Channel Original Movie. It premiered on November 23 2003. Inspired by the true story of University of Virginia basketball star Lamont Carr the film centers on a group of young Jewish basketball players who search for a coach to help them out of a slump. The main character Alex Schlotsky is inspired by the true story of Alex Barbag and Chad Korpeck.
 Os Homens São de Marte... E é pra Lá que Eu Vou! (English: Men Are From Mars ... And That's Where I'm Going!) is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Marcus Baldini adapted from a play of the same name written and starred by Mônica Martelli.
 Kola Kolaya Mundhirika (Tamil: கோல கொலையா முந்திரிக்க)is a 2010 Tamil comedy film written by Crazy Mohan and directed by Madhumitha. The film stars Jayaram Karthik Kumar and Shikha in lead roles along with numerous popular Tamil comedy artists including M. S. Bhaskar Pandiarajan Anandaraj Vasu Vikram and Vaiyapuri essaying supporting roles. The film started its shooting on May 8 2009 and released on 21 May 2010.
 All Through the Night is a light-hearted thriller film released by Warner Brothers in 1941 starring Humphrey Bogart Conrad Veidt and Kaaren Verne and featuring many of the Warner Bros. company of character actors. It was directed by Vincent Sherman.
 Undressing Extraordinary (AKA: The Troubles of a Tired Traveller) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film directed by Walter R. Booth featuring a tired traveller struggling to undress for bed.
 The Informant is a 1997 cable TV movie produced by Showtime starring Cary Elwes and Timothy Dalton. It was directed by Jim McBride and written by Nicholas Meyer based upon the book Field of Blood by Gerald Seymour.
 Adhikar is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by S.M. Sagar. The film stars Ashok Kumar Nanda and Deb Mukherjee.
 IIdhayam Thiraiarangam is a 2012 Kollywood Drama Romance film directed by Ramki Ramakrishnan and produced by Ashok G Lodha .
 Japan Japan (Hebrew: יפאן יפאן Japanese:日本日本) is a 2007 film directed by Lior Shamriz starring Imri Kahn.
 New Year's Evil is a 1980 American slasher film starring Roz Kelly and Kip Niven directed by Emmett Alston. The original music score is composed by W. Michael Lewis and Laurin Rinder. The film's tagline is This New Year's you're invited to a killer party... Although a flop the film gained a cult following.
 Con rispetto parlando is a 1965 Italian film directed by Marcello Ciorciolini.
 The Gray Man (previously known as Wisteria: The Horrible Story of Albert Fish) is a 2007 biographical thriller film based on the actual life and events of American serial killer rapist and cannibal Albert Fish. It premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival on August 31 2007 and was scheduled for a theatrical release sometime in 2007. It is directed by Scott Flynn and stars Belgian actor Patrick Bauchau as Albert Fish.
 Tailspin Tommy (1934) is a Universal film serial based on the Tailspin Tommy comic strip by Hal Forrest. It was the 97th serial of the 137 released by that studio (and the 24th with sound). The plot concerns a conflict over a government airmail contract.
 Birds Do It Bees Do It is a 1974 American documentary film covering sexuality in the animal kingdom. It was directed by Nicolas Noxon (a regular crewmember for National Geographic's early television specials) and Irwin Rosten and co-produced by David L. Wolper.Thanks to its copulation scenes the film was marketed with the tagline So real it will never be shown on TV.
 Onnen Maa (in English Land of Happiness) is a 1993 Finnish comedy-drama film set in the 1960s (when tango was all the rage in Finland) by multiple award-winning Finnish director Markku Pölönen.
 A Father for Brittany is a Lifetime Movie aired on television in 1998 and based on a true story. Andrew McCarthy and Teri Polo play a husband and wife who try to adopt a child.
 La Mujer de tu prójimo is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Slaughterhouse (aka Bacon Bits) is a 1987 horror comedy film.
 In the Nick of Time is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It was described as a sensational railway drama although now is considered a lost film. It featured a fight on the footboard of a train.
 Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by Naresh Kumar.
 Guest House Paradiso is a 1999 British slapstick dark comedy written by and starring comic duo Rik Mayall and Adrian Edmondson and directed by Edmondson - his directorial debut for a feature film.The film is semi-officially based on their comedy television series Bottom (in some territories the DVD cover refers to it as The Bottom Movie).
 Parasomnia is an independent horror film directed by William Malone and stars Jeffrey Combs Timothy Bottoms and Dylan Purcell. The filming was funded by Malone himself and its release was delayed due to difficulties securing distribution.
 Goyenda Gogol (or Goenda Gogol English: Detective Gogol) is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Arindam Dey and produced by Supratik Ghosh under the banner of Ishani Films. Based on the story Sonali Parer Rahashya by Samaresh Basu the film features child actor Ahijit Ghosh and Indraneil Sengupta in the lead roles. It boasts of being the first film to feature a tattooed Bengali private detective (Indraneil Sengupta).
 The Under-Pup is the 1939 feature film that introduced soprano singing star Gloria Jean to the screen. The story adapted by Grover Jones from a magazine story by Australian author I. A. R. Wylie casts Gloria as a streetwise girl who is sent to a summer camp for wealthy girls. She is at first bullied by the other girls but she stands up for herself and wins everyone over including the girl who had bullied her the most to earn a place in their group The Purple Order of Penguins.
 The Front Page is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Adolphe Menjou and Pat O'Brien. Based on a Broadway play of the same name the film was produced by Howard Hughes written by Bartlett Cormack and Charles Lederer and distributed by United Artists. The supporting cast includes Mary Brian George E. Stone Matt Moore and Edward Everett Horton.
 Sidewalks of New York is a 2001 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Edward Burns who also stars in the film. The plot follows eight cycles in the lives of six Manhattan residents whose inter-connections form a circle that places each of them less than the proverbial six degrees of separation from the others. This movie has been remade in Kolkata (India) although uncredited as Aamra in 2006 a Bengali movie.[citation needed]
 Married to Order is a 1920 film featuring Oliver Hardy. Prints of the film survive.
 Mr. X in Bombay directed by Shantilal Soni is a 1964 Bollywood classic film starring Kishore Kumar Kum Kum and Madan Puri.
 Mawali No.1 is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Leela V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Ranjeet and Sadashiv Amrapurkar
 Sixpack (Finnish: Pussikaljaelokuva) is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Ville Jankeri.
 The Color of Olives (Arabic: لون الزيتون‎ Lawn al-Zaytoon) is a documentary film that captures moments from the lives of a Palestinian family.The Color of Olives was filmed in Masha a Palestinian village 15 miles from Tel Aviv. Mexican directory Carolina Rivas focuses on a Palestinian family of eight headed by Hani and Monira Amer.Recently a wall has been completed and is now separating Israel from the West Bank.
 Onamalu(Telugu: ఓనమాలు );(English: Alphabet) is a Telugu-language drama film directed by Kranthi Madhav. The film is a tale of a high school tutor Narayana Rao. The film premiered on June 22 2012. This is Kranthi Madhav's First Picture in Telugu. The known Telugu literary personality Mohammed Khadeer Babu penned dilouges for this movie for the first time. The film received CineMAA Awards for Best debut Director and Best outstanding Actor.
 The Perfect Assistant is a 2008 American-Canadian made-for-television Drama film starring Josie Davis and Chris Potter .
 Nada is a 1947 Spanish drama film directed by Edgar Neville. It is based on Carmen Laforet's famous novel Nada which won the Premio Nadal. It was written by Carmen Laforet.
 Bandits From Shantung is a 1972 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Huang Feng.
 Toward Independence is a 1948 American short documentary film. It won an Academy Award in 1949 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Big News is a 1929 American film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Robert Armstrong and Carole Lombard.
 Under the Mountains (Hungarian: Hegyek alján) is a 1920 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Béla Balogh and starring Oszkár Dénes Ila Lóth and László Mihó.
 The Black Box is a 1915 drama film serial directed by Otis Turner. This serial is considered to be lost. The film was written in part by E. Phillips Oppenheim a very popular novelist at the time. The story was also published in 1915 as a novel and as a newspaper serial. Both published editions were illustrated by photographic stills taken from the movie serial. In the novel version about 20 stills from the movie are preserved. These can be seen in the Gutenberg.org version.
 Son of the Mask is a 2005 American fantasy family-comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman and starring Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery an aspiring cartoonist from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask. It is the stand-alone sequel to the successful 1994 film The Mask an adaptation of Dark Horse Comics which starred Jim Carrey.It also stars Alan Cumming as the god of mischief Loki whom Odin has ordered to find the Mask.
 Leather Jackets is a 1992 film directed and written by Lee Drysdale. The movie was shot on Highland Park Los Angeles California in 1990. Filming took place in 1990. However it was not released until 1992.
 Rebelové (international title: Rebels) is a 2001 Czech musical film.
 The Seven Swans is lost 1917 silent film fantasy starring Marguerite Clark. Famous Players Film Company produced and J. Searle Dawley directed.
 The Salonika Terrorists (Macedonian: Солунските Атентатори literally The Salonika Assassins) also known as The Assassins from Salonika is a 1961 Yugoslav film. It follows the story of the Boatmen of Thessaloniki.
 Charley's Aunt (German: Charley's Tante) is a 1963 Austrian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Peter Alexander Maria Sebaldt and Peter Vogel. It is an adaptation of the British play Charley's Aunt by Brandon Thomas.
 Querelle is a 1982 West German-French English-language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel Querelle de Brest. It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.
 Hiding and Seeking: Faith and Tolerance After the Holocaust is 2004 documentary film about Menachem Daum an Orthodox Jew and son of German Nazi Holocaust survivors who has spent his life interviewing survivors about the impact of the Holocaust on their lives. After hearing a disturbing tape of a rabbi openly preaching hatred of non-Jews Daum attempts to raise an outcry in his Brooklyn Orthodox community.
 G.I. Joe: Valor vs. Venom is a direct-to-video CGI animated movie and sequel to G.I. Joe: Spy Troops. It was released in 2004 by Reel FX Creative Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Like Spy Troops the film was written around the theme of the toys released that year. In this case it was Valor vs. Venom which introduced a new villain group Cobra’s V-Troops.
 Master of the Flying Guillotine is a 1976 Taiwanese wuxia film starring Jimmy Wang Yu who also wrote and directed the film. It is a sequel to Wang's 1971 film One Armed Boxer and thus the film is also known as One-Armed Boxer 2 and The One Armed Boxer vs. the Flying Guillotine.
 Short Cut to Nirvana: Kumbh Mela is a 2004 feature documentary film by Nick Day and Maurizio Benazzo about the 2001 Maha Kumbh Mela at Allahabad. The documentary premiered in the USA on May 11 2004. The film won several awards on the festival circuit and played in theaters across the US and Europe.
 Big Beat (Czech: Šakalí léta) is Czech musical comedy of Jan Hřebejk from 1993. It take place at 1959 in Prague's Hotel International.
 The Cat (Hangul: 고양이: 죽음을보는 두개의눈; RR: Goyangi: Jookeumeul Boneun Doo Gaeui Noon; lit. The Cat: Eyes that See Death) is a 2011 South Korean horror film directed by Byun Seung-wook. The film is about So-yeon (Park Min-young) who works at a small pet-grooming shop called Kitty N Puppy. So-yeon suffers from claustrophobia and starts having apparitions of a ghostly young girl with cat-like eyes (Kim Ye-ron).
 Serendipity is a 2001 romantic comedy film starring John Cusack and Kate Beckinsale. It was written by Marc Klein and directed by Peter Chelsom. The music score is composed by Alan Silvestri.
 An Enemy of the People is a 1978 American drama film directed by George Schaefer based on Arthur Miller's 1950 adaptation of Henrik Ibsen's 1882 play. The film stars Steve McQueen in the lead role of scientist Thomas Stockmann Charles Durning as his brother Peter and Bibi Andersson as his wife Catherine.
 The 33D Invader (蜜桃成熟時３３Ｄ) is a 2011 Hong Kong science fiction sex comedy film directed by Cash Chin. The film stars Macy Wu as a girl named Future who has to re-populate the human race after radiation attacks from the Xucker race have made 99% of men on Earth infertile in the year 2046. The film was released in Hong Kong on October 6 2011 and was be shown at Far East Film Festival in Udine. The film has received negative reviews.
 Elephant is a 2003 drama film edited written and directed by Gus Van Sant. It takes place in the fictional Watt High School in the suburbs of Portland Oregon and chronicles the events surrounding a school shooting based in part on the 1999 Columbine High School massacre. The film begins a short time before the shooting occurs following the lives of several characters both in and out of school who are unaware of what is about to unfold.
 El Picnic de los Campanelli is a 1972 Argentine film.
 Critical Care is a 1997 film directed by Sidney Lumet. The film is a satire about American medicine. It is based on the novel by Richard Dooling and stars James Spader Kyra Sedgwick Anne Bancroft Helen Mirren Jeffrey Wright and Albert Brooks. Rick Baker provided special makeup effects. The film is about a doctor who finds himself involved in a fight with two half sisters over the care of their ailing father.
 Western is a 1997 road movie directed by Manuel Poirier. It tells the story of the relationship between a Spanish shoe salesman and a Russian hitchhiker as they drive across the French countryside in search of love.
 Saaheb is a 1985 Hindi movie directed by Anil Ganguly. The film stars Anil Kapoor Raakhee Amrita Singh Utpal Dutt Biswajit Vijay Arora Deven Verma A. K. Hangal and Dilip Dhawan. The music is by Bappi Lahiri. It is an adaptation of Bengali movie named saheb (1981) directed by Bijoy Bose.Anil Kapoor plays Saaheb the youngest son of the family. He is focused on football his passion. Due to this everyone in the family constantly tells him he is no good.
 Henry V is a 1944 British Technicolor film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same name. The on-screen title is The Cronicle History of King Henry the Fift with His Battell Fought at Agincourt in France (the title of the 1600 quarto edition of the play). It stars Laurence Olivier who also directed. The play was adapted for the screen by Olivier Dallas Bower and Alan Dent.
 Warm Water Under a Red Bridge (赤い橋の下のぬるい水 Akai Hashi no Shita no Nurui Mizu) is a 2001 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. This was Imamura's last feature film. It was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 State of Fear: The Truth about Terrorism (2005) is a documentary film produced by Skylight Pictures and directed by Pamela Yates. It won the 2006 Overseas Press Club Award for Best Reporting in Any Medium on Latin America.
 Crash Dive is a World War II film in Technicolor released in 1943. It was directed by Archie Mayo written by Jo Swerling and W.R. Burnett and starred Tyrone Power Dana Andrews and Anne Baxter. The film was the last for Power already enlisted in the United States Marine Corps before assignment to recruit training also known as boot camp.
 Prayer to a Vengeful God is a 2010 dramatic crime film written directed by and starring Dan Eberle. Broken into several chapters the film follows the attempts of a man awakening from a coma to seek revenge on his wife's murderers. The film features absolutely no dialogue except one exchange of the word hi.
 Waiting for the Hearse (Esperando la carroza in Spanish) is an Argentine comedy cult film that opened on 6 May 1985. It belongs to the criollo grotesque (costumbrismo) genre or black comedy.
 Tommy is a 1975 British musical film based upon The Who's 1969 rock opera album Tommy. It was directed by Ken Russell and featured a star-studded cast including the band members themselves (most notably lead singer Roger Daltrey who plays the title role).
 Bastille is a Dutch film by Rudolf van den Berg. It is based on the book La Place de la Bastille by Leon de Winter alternatively known as De Burght.
 Third World Boys is an upcoming Malayalam film written and directed by the duo Ayyappa Swaroop and Shahaladharan Sashidhar.The movie is produced by Little Big Cinemas.The Film features Sreenath Bhasi Balu Varghese Soubin Shahir Shine Tom ChackoWillson JosephSudhi Koppa and Premjith as the lead actors. Camera is handled by debutant Sunoj Velayudhan. Audiography By Prince Anselm. There are no romantic female leads in the movie.
 Untraceable is a 2008 American thriller film starring Diane Lane Colin Hanks Billy Burke and Joseph Cross. It was directed by Gregory Hoblit and distributed by Screen Gems.Set in Portland Oregon the film involves a serial killer who rigs contraptions that kill his victims based on the number of hits received by a website KillWithMe.com that features a live streaming video of the victim. Millions of people log on hastening the victims' deaths.The film received negative reviews from critics.
 T-Men is a 1947 semidocumentary style film noir by director Anthony Mann and shot in black-and-white by noted noir cameraman John Alton. The production features Dennis O'Keefe Mary Meade Alfred Ryder Wallace Ford June Lockhart and Charles McGraw. A year later director Mann used the film's male lead Dennis O'Keefe in Raw Deal.The B movie is featured in the 1992 documentary Visions Of Light: The Art Of Cinematography for its use of lighting and in the discussion about film noir.
 Garfield Gets a Life is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip written by Jim Davis. It features Lorenzo Music as the voice of Garfield. The special was first broadcast May 8 1991 on CBS and has been released on both VHS and DVD home video. It was the final Garfield television special probably due to the success of the Garfield and Friends animated series. Odie only appears twice in this special.
 Mutant Aliens is a 2001 animated film by American filmmaker Bill Plympton. The film is more or less a spoof of B monster movies featuring Plympton's own distinctive animation style and gratuitous sex and violence.Mutant Aliens tells the story of an American astronaut Earl Jensen who is stranded in space intentionally by the head of the Department of Space. Years later he manages to return to Earth.
 Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3 is a DVD box set from Warner Home Video that was released on October 25 2005.
 Eight Below is a 2006 American adventure drama film directed by Frank Marshall and written by David DiGilio. It stars Paul Walker Bruce Greenwood Moon Bloodgood and Jason Biggs. It was released theatrically on February 17 2006 by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States. The film is set in Antarctica but was filmed in Svalbard Norway Greenland and British Columbia Canada.
 The Pacific Century was a 1992 PBS Emmy Award winning ten part documentary series narrated by Peter Coyote about the rise of the Pacific Rim economies. Alex Gibney was the writer for the series and Frank Gibney his father wrote the companion trade book The Pacific Century: America and Asia in a Changing World. The companion college telecourse Pacific Century: The Emergence of Modern Pacific Asia was written and edited by Mark Borthwick.
 The Hopes of Blind Alley is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 The Devil Pays Off is a 1941 American crime film directed by John H. Auer. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Sound Recording (Charles Lootens).
 Annadata is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Jaya Bachchan and Anil Dhawan and [Om Prakash].
 Au Pair 3: Adventure in Paradise is a 2009 romantic comedy and is the third and final installment in the Au Pair trilogy aired on ABC Family on March 15 2009 and is the first of the trilogy to be made under the control of Disney.
 Easy Money is a 1983 comedy film starring Rodney Dangerfield Joe Pesci Geraldine Fitzgerald Candice Azzara and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It was directed by James Signorelli and written by Dangerfield Michael Endler P. J. O'Rourke and Dennis Blair. The original music score was composed by Laurence Rosenthal. The theme song Easy Money is performed by Billy Joel and featured on his album An Innocent Man.
 With Byrd at the South Pole (1930) is a documentary film about Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd and his 1st quest to the South Pole beginning at the Little America-Exploration Base. The film's soundtrack consists mostly of music and sound effects with narration read by Floyd Gibbons. The film won at the 3rd Academy Awards for Best Cinematography.
 The Far Call is a 1929 American lost film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Charles Morton and Leila Hyams. Produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation The Far Call is a late silent film with Fox's Movietone sound on film system containing music and sound effects.
 Tarzan is a 1999 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
 Bidasari is a 1965 Malaysian black-and-white romantic-drama film starring Jins Shamsuddin and Sarimah. The film is notable as having dialogue that is written almost completely as rhyming poetry. The story is based on the very popular romantic Malay poem during 18th and 19th century in the Malay world Syair Bidasari believed to be written as early as 1750 A.D. (based on Kembayat Negara annals) and mentioned by Dr. J. Leyden in 1807 A.D.
 Hot Shots! is a 1991 comedy spoof which starred Charlie Sheen Cary Elwes Valeria Golino Lloyd Bridges Jon Cryer Kevin Dunn Kristy Swanson and Bill Irwin. It was directed by Jim Abrahams co-director of Airplane! and was written by Abrahams and Pat Proft. It was followed by a sequel Hot Shots! Part Deux.
 Gaban (English:Embezzlement) (Hindi: गबन) is 1966 Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee based on Munshi Premchand's classic novel by the same name. It had Sunil Dutt and Sadhna playing the lead role. The film has music by Shankar Jaikishan and lyrics were by Shailendra and Hasrat Jaipuri.
 I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me is a documentary film featuring children between the ages of six and thirteen with Tourette syndrome. The film examines the lives of more than a dozen children who have Tourette's and explores the challenges they face. The 27-minute television documentary was produced by HBO in conjunction with the Tourette Syndrome Association and first aired on HBO on November 12 2005.
 Estrellita is a 1947 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 The Tommy Steele Story is a 1957 British film starring Tommy Steele dramatising Steele's own rise to fame.It was also known as Rock Around the World.Along with Rock You Sinners it was one of the first British rock and roll movies.
 Jawani Ka Rang is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941. It starred Shakuntala Paranjpye.
 L'arc-en-ciel is a short feature film directed by David Bonneville. It is a co-production by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation / David & Golias / RTP2. The film tells us the story of Quitterie a 40-year-old European woman who relives the great love for her deceased 18-year-old Japanese partner by engaging young male strangers into sordid sexual adventures.
 Space Station 3D (simply known as Space Station in 2D format) is a 2002 Canadian-American 3D short documentary film about the International Space Station written produced edited and directed by Toni Myers. Narrated by Tom Cruise it is the first IMAX 3D production filmed in space.
 Scars of Love is a 1918 Australian silent film. It is a lost film about which little is known except it is a melodrama featuring a Red Cross nurse and an Anzac soldier which climaxes in the European battlefields of World War I in which both leads die. It deals with the sins of the father visiting the children.
 Rattle of a Simple Man is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Diane Cilento Harry H. Corbett and Michael Medwin. After travelling down from Manchester to watch the FA Cup final a naive young man becomes involved with a prostitute.
 D-Tox is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Jim Gillespie and starring Sylvester Stallone Tom Berenger Charles S. Dutton Robert Patrick Courtney B. Vance Polly Walker Jeffrey Wright and Kris Kristofferson. The film was released in the United States on September 20 2002.The film is based on the 1999 novel Jitter Joint written by Howard Swindle released internationally by United International Pictures.
 Star Trek: Planet of the Titans also known as Star Trek: Planet of Titans was an unproduced film based on Star Trek which reached the script and design phases of production. Following the success of Star Trek: The Original Series in broadcast syndication during the early 1970s and the popularity of the series at science fiction conventions Paramount Studios made several attempts to produce a feature film based upon the series.
 Škola základ života is a 1938 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Last American Hero (also known as Hard Driver) is a 1973 sports drama film based on the true story of American NASCAR driver Junior Johnson. Directed by Lamont Johnson it stars Jeff Bridges as Junior Jackson the character based on Johnson.The film is based on Tom Wolfe's story The Last American Hero which is included in his 1965 debut collection of essays The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby.
 Plaies et bosses is a 1974 French film directed by Yves-André Hubert.
 Wings from Above is a 2010 short comedy film directed by Pablo Herrera. It won the award for Best Film in Red Bull Art of Can 2010.
 Toy Love is a New Zealand made film released in 2002. The film was directed and written by Harry Sinclair and features Dean O'Gorman Kate Elliott Marissa Stott Michael Lawrence Genevieve McClean Chris Dykzeul Peter Feeney Quinton Hita Miriama Smith Kim Michalis Rose McIver and Lynette Forday.
 The Invincible Six is a 1970 American-Iranian adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Stuart Whitman Elke Sommer Curd Jürgens and Ian Ogilvy. Six international criminals attempt to steal the crown jewels of Iran but in the tradition of The Seven Samurai and The Magnificent Seven end up defending a village from bandits.This was the final film of Negulesco's long career.
 Rasigan (English: Fan) is a Tamil film released on 8 July 1994 and was directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars his son Vijay and Sanghavi.
 Agathe Cléry is a French film released in 2008. Directed and co-written by Etienne Chatiliez with co-writer Laurent Chouchan this caustic musical is his sixth film.
 De Zeemeerman is a 1996 Dutch comedy film directed by Frank Herrebout. The movie revolves around a young man who has a hard time getting girls because he permanently smells of fish.
 Ipolochagos Natassa (Greek: Υπολοχαγός Νατάσσα Lieutenant Natasha also known outside Greece as Battlefield Constantinople) is a 1970 Greek film. It starred Aliki Vougiouklaki as Natassa Dimitris Papamichael as Orestis and Costas Carras as Max. The story about the German occupation of Greece and the resistance by the Greeks. The director of the film is Nikos Foskolos.
 Shaolin Soccer is a 2001 Hong Kong comedy film co-written directed by Stephen Chow who also stars in the lead role. A former Shaolin monk reunites his five brothers years after their master's death to apply their superhuman martial arts skills to play soccer and bring Shaolin kung fu to the masses.In 2008 a sequel produced by but not starring Stephen Chow was released entitled Shaolin Girl. Very few of the cast from the original film made an appearance.
 His Majesty O'Keefe is a 1954 adventure film starring Burt Lancaster. The film was directed by Byron Haskin and Otto Heller and included choreography by Daniel Nagrin. The cast also included Joan Rice André Morell Abraham Sofaer Archie Savage and Benson Fong.The film is based on the book of the same name by Laurence Klingman and Gerald Green (1952).
 We Are What We Are (Spanish: Somos lo que hay) is a 2010 Mexican horror film directed by Jorge Michel Grau. The movie is about a family of cannibals who after the death of the father try to continue a ritualistic tradition of kidnapping and eating other humans. The film stars Paulina Gaitán and Daniel Giménez Cacho.
 Succubus (German: Necronomicon - Geträumte Sünden) is a 1968 West German horror film directed by Jesús Franco. The original German title translates as Necronomicon - Dreamt Sin. The film stars Janine Reynaud as Lorna Green a performer a nightclub who performs acts that involve eroticly charged sadomasochistic murders.
 Dude Cowboy is a 1941 American film about a federal agent Terry McVey who goes undercover as a cowboy staying at the Silver Bar Dude Ranch to investigate the disappearance of Frank Adams a noted engraver which is possibly connected to a counterfeit money case.David Howard directed the film and Morton Grant wrote the screenplay.
 Dil To Pagal Hai (translation: The Heart Is Crazy) also known as DTPH is a 1997 Indian coming of age musical romance film directed by Yash Chopra. The film depicts the love lives of the dancers in a musical dance troupe. It stars Madhuri Dixit Shahrukh Khan and Karisma Kapoor with Akshay Kumar in a supporting role. It was Khan's third collaboration with Chopra after Darr and Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge to be precise third as producer and second as director.
 Paradas Contínuas is a 2009 Mexican comedy film directed by Gustavo Loza and starring Ramon Valdes Luis Arrieta and Cassandra Ciangherotti. The film is based on Rapiditos Motorizados an original story by Juan Meyer. The screenplay is by Meyer adapted by Loza.
 Murderers' Row (sometimes spelled Murderer's Row) is a 1966 American comedy-spy-fi film starring Dean Martin and very loosely based upon the Matt Helm spy novel Murderers' Row by Donald Hamilton which was published in 1962.Ann-Margret and Karl Malden co-star in this sequel to The Silencers.
 Come Fly with Me is a 1963 British comedy film about three beautiful international air hostesses looking for romance and excitement. The film has dramatic or soap opera elements to it and was a vehicle for glamorizing the jet age and the prestige adventure and romance that came with being an air hostess. It is based on Bernard Glemser's 1960 chick-lit novel Girl on a Wing which was published again in 1969 under the title The Fly Girls.
 The Devil Makes Three is a 1952 thriller film set in post-World War II Germany starring Pier Angeli Gene Kelly and Richard Egan.
 A Woman's Face is a 1941 film noir drama directed by George Cukor starring Joan Crawford Melvyn Douglas and Conrad Veidt. It tells the story of Anna Holm a facially disfigured blackmailer who because of her appearance despises everyone she encounters. When a plastic surgeon corrects this disfigurement Anna becomes torn between the hope of starting a new life and a return to her dark past.Most of the film is told in flashbacks as witnesses in a courtroom give their testimonies.
 Boys on the Side is a 1995 American comedy-drama film directed by Herbert Ross (in his final film as director before his death in 2001). It stars Whoopi Goldberg Drew Barrymore and Mary-Louise Parker as three friends on a cross-country road trip. The screenplay was written by Don Roos.
 Cipolla Colt (also known as The Smell of Onion and Cry Onion!) is a 1975 comedy western film directed by Enzo G. Castellari. It is openly comic and parodic.
 Broken Flag (Spanish: Bandera rota) is a 1979 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Retes. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 You My Rose Mellow (Hangul: 접시꽃 당신; RR: JeobsiKkoch dangsin) is a 1988 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo and starring Lee Deok-hwa and Lee Bo-hee.
 Nobody's Fool is a 1986 comedy film written by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Beth Henley. It stars Rosanna Arquette Eric Roberts and Mare Winningham. The film is a romantic drama/comedy involving the lead character Cassie (played by Rosanna Arquette) who seeks love and escape from her mundane ordinary life.
 Hack Job is an American horror-thriller film directed by James Balsamo and produced by Lloyd Kaufman. It stars Dave Brockie Lloyd Kaufman & Debbie Rochon. Nightmare Sonata provides music for the film. It was released on DVD on 2011 with plans for a 2012 Theatrical release.
 48 Hrs. is a 1982 American action comedy film directed by Walter Hill starring Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy (in his film debut and Golden Globe Award-nominated role) as a cop and convict respectively who team up to catch a cop-killer. The title refers to the amount of time they have to solve the crime. It is Joel Silver's first film as a film producer. The screenplay was written by Hill Roger Spottiswoode Larry Gross Steven E.
 Repo Men is a 2010 American-Canadian science fiction action-thriller film directed by Miguel Sapochnik and starring Jude Law and Forest Whitaker. It is based on the novel The Repossession Mambo by Eric Garcia.
 La vida en un hilo is a 1945 Spanish comedy film written directed and produced by Edgar Neville. Neville later modified the film for the stage with an adaptation of the same name.It was remade twice as a Mexican film La engañadora in (1955) directed by José Díaz Morales and as Spanish film titled Una mujer bajo la lluvia in (1992) directed by Gerardo Vera.
 Playboy of Paris is a 1930 American musical comedy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Maurice Chevalier Frances Dee and O.P. Heggie. It was based on a 1911 play The Little Cafe by Tristan Bernard which had previously been adapted into a 1919 French silent film. Paramount produced a separate French-language version The Little Cafe also starring Chevalier.
 Sherman's March is a 2007 American Civil War television documentary film first aired on the History Channel. The film is directed by Rick King and the executive producer is Jason Williams.
 Adam's Rib is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.
 Deck the Halls is a 2005 made-for-television Christmas film starring Gabrielle Carteris and Steve Bacic. The premise revolves around a newly widowed woman and her young son who move to a new neighborhood and meet a marketing specialist who turns out to be more than he initially appears.
 Lord Jim is a 1925 silent film starring Percy Marmont (in the title role) Noah Beery and Duke Kahanamoku. The movie was directed by Victor Fleming and based on the novel Lord Jim by Joseph Conrad. A print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Black List is a 1972 Hong Kong film.
 Julia Has Two Lovers is a 1991 romantic comedy-drama about a woman who takes up with a mysterious stranger after she grows tired of her current boyfriend. The film was directed by Bashar Shbib and stars Daphna Kastner David Duchovny and David Charles.
 The Hate That Hate Produced is a television documentary about Black Nationalism in America focusing on the Nation of Islam and to a lesser extent the United African Nationalist Movement. It was produced in 1959 by Mike Wallace and Louis Lomax.
 El Cielo Rojo is a 2008 independent film from Costa Rica. Written and directed by Miguel Alejandro Gomez the film stars Allan Obando (Roberto) Mauricio Dapena (Berny) Ricardo Rodriguez (Manuel) and Edgar Roman (Nestor).The film was shot in the Costa Rican provinces of San Jose Puntarenas Guanacaste and Alajuela; It was shot in 21 days through January 2007 and was released in early August 2008.
 Message in a Bottle is a 1999 American romantic drama film directed by Luis Mandoki. Based on a novel with the same name by Nicholas Sparks the film stars Kevin Costner Robin Wright Penn and Paul Newman. Message in a Bottle was filmed in Maine Chicago and Wilmington North Carolina.
 Ho scelto l'amore is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Zampi.
 Curse of the Talisman is a 2001 made-for-TV horror film directed by Colin Budds. It starred Jesse Spencer Capkin Van Alphen and Sara Gleeson.
 Three Steps North is a 1951 Italian–American film directed by W. Lee Wilder and featuring Lloyd Bridges Lea Padovani and Aldo Fabrizi. The film is also known as Tre passi a nord in Italy.
 Lamerica is a 1994 drama film directed by Gianni Amelio. It entered the competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival in which Amelio won the Golden Osella for Best Director.
 Fear of Clowns 2 is a 2007 horror film and a sequel to Fear of Clowns. The film takes place two years after the events of the previous one and continues the story of a young woman (Jacky Reres) getting stalked by a clown killer (Mark Lassise).
 Hwayi: A Monster Boy (Hangul: 화이: 괴물을 삼킨 아이; RR: Hwa-i: Gwi-mul-eul Sam-kin A-i) is a 2013 South Korean film about a 16-year-old boy of the same name (played by Yeo Jin-goo) who is raised by five criminal fathers to become the perfect assassin. It takes pulling the trigger to discover his true identity after he realizes the mystery surrounding his past and his fate.
 An Idyll of the Hills is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Sex Sells: The Making of Touché is a 2005 comedy film that was written and directed by Jonathan Liebert. It was filmed as a faux documentary in the same style as The Blair Witch Project and Cannibal Holocaust. It tells the story of the making of a pornographic film. Due to the film's sometimes explicit (though simulated) sex scenes it has not received a rating from the MPAA. Priscilla Barnes (who also served as an associate producer) Mark DeCarlo and Jay Michael Ferguson star.
 Neukölln Unlimited is a 2010 German documentary. The film follows three Lebanese siblings - Hassan Lial and Maradona - through their daily lives in Berlin's district of Neukölln.The film was co-produced by the German broadcaster RBB in collaboration with the Franco-German cultural channel Arte.
 Nobody's Perfect is a naval comedy film about the fictional USS Bustard and the antics of her crew. It is based on the novel The Crows of Edwina Hill written by author of western novels and former Navy man Allan R. Bosworth.
 Udhyogastha is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.
 Manasaare (Kannada: ಮನಸಾರೆ) is a 2009 released romantic Kannada movie directed by Yograj Bhat. Produced by Rockline Venkatesh the film stars Diganth and Aindrita Ray in the lead roles. The film soundtrack and score is by Mano Murthy. The film was declared a musical hit upon its release.
 American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt is a 1989 martial arts action movie starring David Bradley written by Gary Conway and directed by Cedric Sundstrom.
 Disaster Movie is a 2008 American parody film written and directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and stars Matt Lanter Vanessa Minnillo Gary G Thang Johnson Crista Flanagan Ike Barinholtz Carmen Electra Tony Cox and Kim Kardashian in her feature film acting debut. The film opened to extremely negative reviews and received six nominations for the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards. It is considered by some to be one of the worst films of all time.
 Breakheart Pass is an American 1975 western adventure film that stars Charles Bronson Ben Johnson Richard Crenna and Jill Ireland. The movie was based on the novel by Alistair MacLean of the same title and was filmed in north central Idaho.
 Visitors from the Galaxy (Croatian: Gosti iz galaksije) is a 1981 Yugoslav-Czechoslovak film directed by Dušan Vukotić.
 Velocity Trap is a 1997 film directed by Phillip J. Roth.
 Burnt Evidence is a 1954 British drama film directed by Daniel Birt and starring Jane Hylton Duncan Lamont and Donald Gray. A man accidentally kills another and is hunted down by the police. The film was produced by Ronald Kinnoch for Act Films Ltd.
 Camille Claudel 1915 is a 2013 French biopic written and directed by Bruno Dumont. The film premiered in competition at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Dögkeselyű (Vulture) is a 1982 Hungarian crime film directed by Ferenc András. It was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 South Central is a 1992 American crime drama film written and directed by Stephen Milburn Anderson. This film is an adaptation of the 1987 novel Crips by Donald Bakeer a former high school teacher in South Central Los Angeles. The film stars Glenn Plummer Byron Minns and Christian Coleman. South Central was produced by Oliver Stone and released by Warner Bros. The movie received wide critical acclaim with New Yorker Magazine praising it as one of the year's best Independent films.
 Boiler Room is a 2000 American crime drama film written and directed by Ben Younger and starring Giovanni Ribisi Vin Diesel Nia Long Ben Affleck Nicky Katt Scott Caan Tom Everett Scott Ron Rifkin and Jamie Kennedy.The film is based on interviews the writer conducted with numerous brokers over a two-year period and is inspired by the firm Stratton Oakmont and the life of Jordan Belfort whose autobiography was later adapted into Martin Scorsese's 2013 film The Wolf of Wall Street starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Belfort.
 Sing Another Chorus is a 1941 American film starring Jane Frazee.
 Tuvalu is a 1999 experimental movie from Germany. The style evokes early 20th Century Silent movies and motifs commonly found in German expressionism. The sparse dialog is presented in a mix of European languages. The film stars Denis Lavant as Anton and Chulpan Khamatova as Eva.The film focuses on Anton as he tries to win the heart of Eva and save his family's bath house from the wrecking ball.
 The Empty Star (Spanish: La Estrella Vacía) is a 1958 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Gómez Muriel starring María Félix and inspired by the novel of the same name by Luis Spota.
 Kiss of Death is a 1947 film noir movie directed by Henry Hathaway and written by Ben Hecht and Charles Lederer from a story by Eleazar Lipsky. The story revolves around a former robber played by Victor Mature and the ruthless violent Tommy Udo (Richard Widmark). The movie also starred Brian Donlevy and introduced Coleen Gray in her first billed role. The film has received critical praise since its release with two Academy Award nominations.
 2046 is a 2004 Hong Kong film (filmed in Shanghai) written and directed by Wong Kar-wai. It is a loose sequel to the 1991 Hong Kong film Days of Being Wild and the 2000 Hong Kong film In the Mood for Love. It follows the aftermath of Chow Mo-wan's unconsummated affair with Su Li-Zhen in 1960s Hong Kong but also includes some science fiction elements.
 Just Around the Corner is an extant 1921 silent film produced by William Randolph Hearst's Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on a short story Just Around the Corner by Fannie Hurst and was directed by Frances Marion a prolific Hollywood scenarist. Director Frances Marion is the star in this rare directorial turnout from her. The cast are competent silent actors but no big names.
 Frankie and Johnny Are Married is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Michael Pressman starring Pressman as well as Lisa Chess and Alan Rosenberg. The film chronicles the troubles a producer has trying to mount a production of the Terrence McNally play Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune. The production is beset by one problem after another including a hard to handle male lead (Rosenberg). This eventually leads Pressman to take on the male lead role himself.
 Aswamedham (Telugu: అశ్వమేధం ) is a 1992 Telugu film directed by K Raghavendra Rao and produced by Aswani Dutt under Vyjayanthi Movies. The film stars Balakrishna Sobhan Babu Meena and Nagma in the lead roles.
 Fancypants is a 2011 film directed by Joshua Russell and starring Patrick Gleason Roddy Piper and Robert Carradine. Featuring Nick Turturro Richard Kind and introducing Jackson Dunn.It is a comedy/drama about a professional wrestler who is afraid of conflict in real life. He is nearing the end of his career and finds out he has one fan left in an 8-year old boy who hides a secret that will change Leo's life forever.
 That Night in Varennes (Italian: Il mondo nuovo; French: La Nuit de Varennes) is a 1982 Italian and French drama film directed by Ettore Scola. It is based on a novel by Catherine Rihoit. It tells the story of a fictional meeting between Restif de la Bretonne Giacomo Casanova Thomas Paine and Sophie de la Borde (a lady in waiting to the Queen).
 The Trial of Donald Westhof (German:Der Kampf des Donald Westhof) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Oskar Homolka Karin Evans and Imre Ráday. The film's art direction was by Robert Neppach.
 Triviatown - It's the World's Biggest Trivia Contest is a 2006 Documentary directed by Patrick Cady and Brit McAdams about the world's largest trivia contest in Stevens Point Wisconsin.
 Città violenta (Violent City also known as The Family) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Sergio Sollima and starring Charles Bronson Jill Ireland and Telly Savalas. Set and shot in the city of New Orleans the film is an urban crime thriller with a plot of hitman revenge.
 Saawariya (or Sanwariya another pronunciation) (Hindi: सावरिया translation: My Love) is a 2007 Hindi romance film produced and directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali.
 Saivar Thirumeni is a 2001 Malayalam film directed by Shajoon Karyal. Suresh Gopi Narendra Prasad Jagathy Sreekumar Srividya Rehna Kundara JohnySangeetha Mohan and K. P. A. C. Lalitha star in the lead. Suresh Gopi portrays a Namboothiri youth Devadaththan.
 Janis is a 1974 Canadian documentary film about the rock singer Janis Joplin. The film was directed by Howard Alk with a lot of assistance from Albert Grossman Janis' manager. It was available on videocassette in the United States in the 1980s and 1990s but DVD versions have been released only in France Belgium and the Netherlands. In late 2011 it was added to Hulu's movie collection for online viewing.
 Killer Flick is a 1998 American independent black comedy road film written and directed by Mark Weidman that follows a group of people as they go on a crime spree and film their own activities.
 Let the Devil Wear Black is a 1999 film directed by Stacy Title co-written by Title and her husband actor Jonathan Penner. The film is a modern retelling of the classic play Hamlet.
 The Sun Also Shines at Night (Italian: Il sole anche di notte and also known as Night Sun) is an Italian film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani in 1990. It was screened out of competition at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ghare Baire (The Home and the World) is a 1984 Indian Bengali romantic drama film by director Satyajit Ray based upon the novel Ghare Baire by Rabindranath Tagore. It features Soumitra Chatterjee Victor Banerjee Jennifer Kendal (in her last film appearance) and Swatilekha Chatterjee (Sengupta). Ray prepared a script for it in the 1940s long before he made his first film Pather Panchali.
 Ablakon is a 1984 drama film directed by Roger Gnoan M'Bala.
 The Return of Captain Invincible is a 1983 Australian musical comedy and superhero film starring Alan Arkin and Christopher Lee. It grossed a mere $55110 at the Australian box office despite a budget of $7 million.British Fantasy novelist Terry Pratchett called The Return of Captain Invincible a series of bad moments pasted together with great songs and a budget of fourpence but that he'd watched the film a number of times.
 Another Happy Day is a 2011 American black comedy-drama film written and directed by Sam Levinson. The film stars an ensemble cast including Ellen Barkin Kate Bosworth Ellen Burstyn Thomas Haden Church George Kennedy Ezra Miller Demi Moore Siobhan Fallon Hogan Michael Nardelli Jeffrey DeMunn and Diana Scarwid.
 Lilla Jönssonligan på styva linan is the second film in the Swedish Lilla Jönssonligan film series. It was released on November 28 1997 in Sweden and was directed by Christjan Wegner.The film has been shown several times on the Swedish television channels SVT1 TV3 and TV4. It was released in Germany on September 14 2000 as 'Die Jönnson Bande: Charles Ingvars neuer Plan.
 Paperhouse is a 1988 British dark fantasy film directed by Bernard Rose. It was based on the novel Marianne Dreams by Catherine Storr. The film stars Ben Cross as the heroine's father and also features Glenne Headly and Gemma Jones.
 Apart is a 2011 American drama film directed by Aaron Rottinghaus.Noah Greene and Emily Gates share the same psychological affliction: induced delusional disorder. And they must uncover the mystery of a tragic past in order to find hope in the future. The director Aaron Rottinghaus noted in an interview at SXSW 2011 that the film is based on actual case studies of the condition induced delusional disorder or Folie à deux.
 Angli: The Movie is a 2005 Maltese action film based on the popular TV series of the same name.
 Dressed to Kill also known as Prelude to Murder (working title) and Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Code (in the UK) is the last of fourteen films starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Doctor Watson.
 César is a 1936 French film written and directed by Marcel Pagnol. It's the final part of his Marseille trilogy which began with the film Marius and was followed by Fanny. Unlike the other two films in the trilogy César was not based on a play by Pagnol but written directly as a film script. In 1946 Pagnol adapted the script as a stage play.
 Reckless is a 1935 American musical film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Jean Harlow William Powell and Franchot Tone. David O. Selznick wrote the story using the pseudonym Oliver Jeffries basing it loosely based on the scandal of the 1931 marriage between torch singer Libby Holman and tobacco heir Zachary Smith Reynolds and his death by a gunshot wound to the head.
 Parugu (Telugu:పరుగు English: Run) is a 2008 Telugu film written and directed by Bhaskar (of Bommarillu fame). Allu Arjun Sheela and Prakash Raj play the lead roles. Dil Raju produces the film whilst Mani Sharma scored the film soundtrack and background score. The movie premiered in Prasads IMAX on April 30 at 10:15PM. The film was dubbed into Malayalam under the title Krishna. It was dubbed into Hindi under the title 'VEERTA THE POWER'.
 Two Evil Eyes (Italian: Due occhi diabolici) is a 1990 horror film written and directed by Dario Argento and George A. Romero. The two had previously worked together on the immensely popular Dawn of the Dead in 1978. The film is split into two separate tales both based largely on the works of Edgar Allan Poe: The Facts in the Case of M.
 Ebbtide is a 1994 Australian film made for US television.
 Edge of Night (Greek:Αυτή η νύχτα μένει/Afti i nyhta menei) is a Greek film directed by Nikos Panayotopoulos. The film released on 7 January 2000 and stars Nikos Kouris and Athina Maximou. It won six awards in Greek State Film Awards.
 The Young Man and Moby Dick (Czech: Mladý muž a bílá velryba) is a 1979 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Jaromil Jireš. It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Avere vent'anni aka Being Twenty and To Be Twenty is a 1978 Italian erotic-drama film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Gloria Guida Lilli Carati and Ray Lovelock.
 Bhagirathi (Kannada:ಭಾಗೀರಥಿ) is a 2012 Kannada drama movie directed by Baraguru Ramchandrappa. The film as Bhavana and Kishore in the lead role with Srinath Tara Hema Choudhury and Padma Vasanthi in the supporting role. The movie is based on a Folktale from North Karnataka Kerege Haara which glorifies the sacrifice of a young woman for the sake of her village and her heart-broken husband.
 Flowing (流れる Nagareru) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Mikio Naruse. The black-and-white drama starred Kinuyo Tanaka Isuzu Yamada Hideko Takamine Mariko Okada Haruko Sugimura Sumiko Kurishima Chieko Nakakita Natsuko Kahara Seiji Miyaguchi Daisuke Katō Nobuo Nakamura Kumeko Otowa and others.
 Hawa Bodol is a 2013 Bengali comedy film directed by Parambrata Chattopadhyay. The film revolves around two childhood friends who met each other coincidentally after a long time and somehow their life swapped after a night of endless drinks. The movie is inspired by the 2011 movie The Change-Up.
 Fair and Warmer is a 1919 American silent film directed by Henry Otto starring May Allison and Eugene Pallette. The film was based upon a 1915 play of the same name by Avery Hopwood.
 Kuch Naa Kaho (Hindi: कुछ ना कहो Urdu: کچھ نہ کہو translation: Don't Say Anything) is a 2003 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Rohan Sippy starring Abhishek Bachchan Aishwarya Rai and Arbaaz Khan. It was released on 5 September 2003.
 The Big Year is a 2011 comedy film starring Steve Martin Jack Black and Owen Wilson. The Big Year was directed by David Frankel and written by Howard Franklin. It was based on the nonfiction book The Big Year: A Tale of Man Nature and Fowl Obsession which was written by Mark Obmascik. The book followed three men on a quest for a Big Year - a competition among birders to see who can see and identify the greatest number of species of birds in North America (north of Mexico) in a calendar year.
 Sawaal Majha Aika! (English: Listen My Question!) is a Marathi Indian black and white film released in 1964. The film is produced and directed by Anant Govind Mane under his own banner Chetana Chitra. The storyline of the film is based on a traditional theatre form called Tamasha. The film has many popular songs sung by Sulochana Chavan.The film won the Certificate of Merit for the Third Best Feature Film at the 12th National Film Awards ceremony held on May 31 1965.
 Samarasimha Reddy is a 1999 Tollywood action film directed by B. Gopal released on 13 January 1999. The movie stars Nandamuri Balakrishna and Simran.
 Oranges is a 2007 film drama starring Tom Sizemore Tom Arnold Heather Locklear and Jill Hennessy. The film was not fully released until 2011 when it was released under the title Game of Life.
 The Tower of Silence (German: Der Turm des Schweigens) is a 1924 German mystic melodrama directed by Johannes Guter and starring Xenia Desni and Nigel Barrie. The Tower of Silence is a silent film and one of the few films by Guter to survive. In 2007 it became the director's first film to be restored for modern audiences.
 Let the Game Begin is a 2010 American film romantic comedy from Twisted Light Productions directed by Amit Gupta. The film stars CSI: Miami actor Adam Rodriguez and Stephen Baldwin. The film was released in Australia on May 5 2010 and was released in other countries in 2010 and 2011.
 The Veteran is a 2011 British action film directed by Matthew Hope featuring Toby Kebbell Brian Cox Tony Curran and Adi Bielski.
 The Quick and the Undead is a 2006 zombie horror film written directed and produced by Gerald Nott.
 I've Fallen for You is a 2007 Filipino romantic film. This is the first solo film of Gerald Anderson and Kim Chiu.
 C'era una volta la città dei matti... (English: There was once the city of the mad...) is Italian television film of two episodes.The film was shot in 2009. Its screenplay was written by Marco Turco who also directed it. Rai Fiction and Ciao Ragazzi! produced the film under the direction of Claudia Mori. The film was shown at Bari International Film & TV Festival on 25 January 2010 in Teatro Petruzzelli as well as on 7 and 8 February 2010 at TV channel Rai Uno.The film includes two episodes.
 Minesweeper is a 1943 American film directed by William A. Berke a fictional account of a former navy deserter who returns to duty under an assumed name as a sailor aboard a minesweeper after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The minesweeper used during filming was YMS 121.
 Bagdad is a 1949 adventure film starring Maureen O'Hara Paul Hubschmid and Vincent Price.It tells the story of a Bedouin princess (Maureen O'Hara) who returns to Baghdad after being educated in England. She finds that her father has been murdered by a group of renegades. She is hosted by the Pasha (Vincent Price) the corrupt representative of the national government. She is also courted by Prince Hassan (Paul Hubschmid) who is falsely accused of the murder.
 Ichi is a 2008 chambara film directed by Fumihiko Sori starring Takao Osawa Haruka Ayase Shido Nakamura and Yosuke Kubozuka. It was released by Warner Bros. Japan on October 25 2008.
 Clemencia (Clemency) is a 1935 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Milan Talkies is an upcoming 2014 drama Hindi film directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia and produced by Ekta Kapoor. As a director it is Tigmanshu Dhulia's first collaboration with Balaji Motion Pictures.
 Frontier(s) (French: Frontière(s)) is a French horror film written and directed by Xavier Gens and stars Estelle Lefébure Samuel Le Bihan and Aurélien Wiik.
 Roti Kapda Aur Makaan (English: Food clothing and shelter) is a 1974 Indian Bollywood Hindi-language film. It was written produced directed by and stars Manoj Kumar alongside Shashi Kapoor Zeenat Aman Moushumi Chatterjee in the main lead roles and had Amitabh BachchanPrem Nath and Madan Puri in supporting roles.
 Mulholland Falls is a 1996 American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori and written by Pete Dexter. It stars Nick Nolte Jennifer Connelly Chazz Palminteri Michael Madsen Chris Penn Melanie Griffith Andrew McCarthy Treat Williams and John Malkovich.Nolte plays the head of an elite group of four Los Angeles Police Department detectives (based on the real life Hat Squad) who are known for stopping at nothing to maintain control of their jurisdiction.
 Deadfall is a 1993 comedy-drama film directed by Christopher Coppola. Coppola co-wrote the script with Nick Vallelonga. The film stars Michael Biehn Nicolas Cage Charlie Sheen James Coburn and Peter Fonda.
 Argentinísima II is a 1973 Argentine musical documentary film directed and written by Fernando Ayala and Héctor Olivera. It is the sequel to the 1972 Argentinísima. The film premiered on 21 June 1973 in Buenos Aires.
 Under the Stars is a 2001 film set in Cyprus.
 Alone in the Neon Jungle is a 1988 made for television film directed by George Stanford Brown that was network premiered by CBS on Sunday January 17 1988.It was released to DVD on March 6 2007. It is not a direct-to-video because it went to TV first.
 Murali Meets Meera is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Prajwal Devaraj and Reema Vohra in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by director Mahesh Rao and produced by Yogish Hunsur. Abhiman Roy has composed the soundtrack and the background score. The film is slated for release on 22 April 2011.
 El Derecho de Nacer (The Right to be Born) is a Mexican film produced in 1951. It is based on a Cuban radionovela (radioplay) of the same name by Félix B. Caignet. The movie starred by Gloria Marín broke box-office records in Mexico when it was first released
 Onnaman is a 2002 Malayalam film by Thampi Kannanthanam starring Mohanlal and Ramya Krishnan.
 Chaitali is a Hindi film directed by veteran director Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film released in 1975 was produced by Mrs. Monabai Roy.It is a remake of the 1971 Bengali film 'Chaitali'based on the Bengali novel of the same name by famed Bengali writer Ashapoorna Devi. The music of the film was composed by the duo Laxmikant-Pyarelal. The film has actors Dharmendra Pradeep Kumar and Saira Banu in lead.The film is based on a social issue giving out a message to audience.
 Disorder (Italian: Il disordine French: Le Désordre) is a 1962 Italian-French comedy-drama film directed by Franco Brusati. For his performance Georges Wilson won the Golden Gate Award for Best Supporting Actor at the San Francisco International Film Festival.
 A Many Splintered Thing is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Justin Reardon and written by Chris Shafer and Paul Vicknair. The film stars Chris Evans Michelle Monaghan Anthony Mackie Patrick Warburton Topher Grace and Giovanni Ribisi.
 The Legend of the Golden Gun is a 1979 Made-for-TV Western film starring Jeff Osterhage Hal Holbrook Carl Franklin and Robert Davi
 I Don't Know You Anymore (Italian: Non ti conosco più) is a 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Nunzio Malasomma and starring Vittorio De Sica.
 Bain el Atlal (Arabic: بين الأطلال‎ English: Among the Ruins) is a 1959 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Imad Hamdi. The film is directed by the Egyptian film director Ezzel Dine Zulficar and based on a novel written by Youssef El Sebai. Hamama received an award for her performance and the film was listed in the top 150 Egyptian films in 1996.
 Hotel Ground Zero (titled The 9/11 Hotel in the UK) is an American television documentary special that premiered on September 11 2009 on the History channel marking the eighth anniversary of the event. The program features the overshadowed story of the Marriott World Trade Center (3 WTC) on the day of the 2001 attacks resulting in its destruction caused by the collapse of the adjacent South Tower followed by the North Tower as told by people who had escaped from the hotel.
 John Schneider's Collier & Co. – Hot Pursuit! is a film starring written and directed by John Schneider and released in 2006.
 Entre Nous (Between Us; also known as Coup de foudre) is a 1983 French biographical drama film directed by Diane Kurys who shares the writing credits with Olivier Cohen. Set in the France of the mid twentieth century the film stars Isabelle Huppert Miou-Miou Guy Marchand Jean-Pierre Bacri and Christine Pascal. Coup de Foudre means love at first sight.
 Naandi (Kannada: ನಾಂದಿ) is a 1964 Kannada romantic drama film directed and written by N. Lakshminarayan making his first venture in film direction. The film was produced by actor Vadiraj and Jawahar for Sri Bharathi Chitra studio house. The film starred Rajkumar and Harini both playing deaf couple roles along with Kalpana and Udaykumar playing guest roles.
 Operation Diplomat is a 1953 British drama film directed by John Guillermin.
 Uzhaikkum Karangal (Tamil: உழைக்கும் கரங்கள் English: Working hands) is a 1976 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Latha Pandari Bai among others.
 Meoto zenzai (夫婦善哉 Meoto zenzai Hooray for Marriage or Sweet Beans for Two) is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film drama directed by Shirō Toyoda and starring Morishige Hisaya and Awashima Chikage. It is an adaptation of the 1940 novel of the same name by Sakunosuke Oda. It tells the story of a couple a spoiled son and a down-to-earth girl in Osaka in the early Showa era.
 Arthur is a 1981 comedy film written and directed by Steve Gordon. The film stars Dudley Moore as the eponymous Arthur Bach a drunken New York City millionaire who is on the brink of an arranged marriage to a wealthy heiress but ends up falling for a common working-class girl from Queens. It was the first and only film directed by Gordon who died in 1982 of a heart attack at age 44.Arthur earned nearly $96 million domestically making it the fourth highest grossing film of 1981.
 Get Christie Love! is a 1974 made-for-television film starring Teresa Graves as an undercover female police detective who is determined to overthrow a drug ring. This film is based on Dorothy Uhnak's crime-thriller novel The Ledger. However the main character Christie Opara—a white New York Police detective—was dropped completely and Christie Love emerged.Det. Olga Ford of the NYPD served as the series Technical Advisor.
 Puccini for Beginners is a 2006 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Maria Maggenti. The film debuted at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival. The film was released to DVD in the United States on July 3 2007.
 The Spoilers is a 1930 American Western film directed by Edwin Carewe and starring Gary Cooper Kay Johnson and Betty Compson. Set in Nome Alaska during the 1898 Gold Rush the film is about a gold prospector and a corrupt Alaska politician who fight for control over a gold mine. The film features a spectacular saloon fistfight between Cooper and William Stage Boyd.The Spoilers was adapted to screen by Bartlett Cormack from the 1906 Rex Beach novel of the same name.
 The People vs. Dr. Kildare is a 1941 drama directed by Harold S. Bucquet starring Lew Ayres Lionel Barrymore and Laraine Day. Dr. Kildare performs an emergency operation on crash victim.
 The Call of Youth is a 1921 American short romance film directed by Hugh Ford. Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer. The film is now lost.
 Myrte of the Demons or Myrte en de Demonen is a 1950 Dutch film directed by Paul Bruno Schreiber.
 Miss Austen Regrets is a 2007 BBC drama film directed by Jeremy Lovering and written by Gwyneth Hughes. It stars Olivia Williams as Jane Austen with Imogen Poots Greta Scacchi Hugh Bonneville Adrian Edmondson and Jack Huston. It was first aired on 21 August 2007 in the U.K. and on 3 February 2008 in the U.S. by PBS Masterpiece drama anthology television series as part of The Complete Jane Austen the United States version of The Jane Austen Season.
 Kate's Secret is a 1986 television movie starring Meredith Baxter Birney Ben Masters Tracy Nelson and Edward Asner about a seemingly perfect suburban housewife and mother who is secretly suffering from bulimia nervosa. It was not based upon an actual person but rather an attempt to realistically portray the eating disorder.
 Luke's Fatal Flivver is a 1916 American short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Igby Goes Down is a 2002 comedy-drama film that follows the life of Igby Slocumb a rebellious and sardonic New York City teenager who attempts to break free of his familial ties and wealthy overbearing mother. The film was written and directed by Burr Steers and stars Kieran Culkin Claire Danes Jeff Goldblum Susan Sarandon Amanda Peet Ryan Phillippe Bill Pullman and Jared Harris.
 That's Adequate is a 1989 mockumentary documenting a fictional Hollywood studio Adequate Film Studios. Narrated and hosted by Tony Randall the film features an all-star cast including James Coco Robert Downey Jr. Anne Meara Jerry Stiller Bruce Willis and Ben Stiller.This was James Coco's final film. It was also the last one for actress Ina Balin who had also appeared in Hurwitz's previous films such as The Projectionist and The Comeback Trail.
 Where the Heart Is is a 2000 drama/romance film directed by Matt Williams in his film directing debut. The movie stars Natalie Portman Stockard Channing Ashley Judd and Joan Cusack.
 Keeper of the Bees is a 1947 American drama film directed by John Sturges. It was based on the novel by the same name written by Gene Stratton Porter. The film was shot over three weeks.
 Kaveri (Tamil: காவேரி) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan Padmini and Lalitha in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1955.
 Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called: The Singing Buttocks Bomb (クレヨンしんちゃん 嵐を呼ぶ 歌うケツだけ爆弾! Kureyon Shinchan: Arashi o Yobu: Utau Ketsudake Bakudan!) is a 2007 anime film. It is the 15th film based on the popular manga and anime series Crayon Shin-chan.The film was released in theatres on April 21 2007 in Japan. It was later released on DVD in Japan on November 23 2007.
 The film Mga Huling Sandali ni Tsar Nicolay also known as The Last Days of the Tsar or God Save the Tsar! was a 1933-1935 Family film of the Philippines with the process of Technicolor  it was the Last Silent Film featured in the Philippines  It was considered to be lost during World War II during the Battle of Manila.
 Antahpuram is a 1998 Telugu film directed by Krishna Vamsi which was later remade in 1999 in Tamil with the same name. The film stars Prakash Raj Soundarya and Jagapati Babu in prominent roles. Prakash Raj won National Film Award – Special Jury Award / Special Mention (Feature Film) for his performance in the film. The film won three Filmfare Awards South for Best Film Best Director and Best Actress.
 Miracle Child is a 1993 American television film based on the novel Miracle at Clement's Pond by Patricia Pendergraft. It was filmed in Florida and produced by Steve White Productions. It is part of the Disney Family Classics line.
 A Soul at Stake is a 1916 American silent short drama directed by and starring William Garwood Andrew Arbuckle and Lois Wilson.
 Camion is a 2012 Canadian drama film directed by Rafaël Ouellet.
 Going Ape! is a 1981 comedy film directed by Jeremy Joe Kronsberg and produced by Paramount Pictures. The original music score was composed by Elmer Bernstein (who would later composed music for a later similarly ape-themed comedy Buddy). This film starred Tony Danza as Foster Stacey Nelkin as Cynthia Jessica Walter as Fiona Danny DeVito as Lazlo and three orangutans.
 Rent is a 2005 American musical drama film directed by Chris Columbus. It is an adaptation of the Broadway musical of the same name in turn based on Giacomo Puccini's opera La bohème. The film depicts the lives of several Bohemians and their struggles with sexuality cross-dressing drugs paying their rent and life under the shadow of AIDS. It takes place in the East Village of New York City from 1989 to 1990. The film features six of the original Broadway cast members reprising their roles.
 Mouna Geethangal (English:Silent Music) is a 1981 Indian Tamil language film directed by K. Bhagyaraj. The film stars K. Bhagyaraj himself alongside Saritha. The film was a blockbuster and was remade into Hindi as Ek Hi Bhool in the same year. It was also remade in Kannada as Mane Devru with Ravichandran.
 Butch and Sundance: The Early Days is a 1979 Western film and prequel of sorts to the 1969 film Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. It starred Tom Berenger as Butch Cassidy and William Katt as the Sundance Kid.It was directed by Richard Lester and written by Allan Burns. It generally received mixed reviews but was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
 The Water Dog is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 i am a good person/i am a bad person is a 2011 Canadian drama film written and directed by Ingrid Veninger. Veninger decided at short notice to make the film while on a trip to Europe to show another title Modra.
 Shiva is a 2006 Hindi film produced and directed by Ram Gopal Varma. The film was a prequel to the original 1989 Siva. The film was screened at New York Asian Film Festival. Later was dubbed in Tamil as Udhayam 2006.
 Urban Legend is a 1998 slasher film starring Jared Leto Alicia Witt Rebecca Gayheart Michael Rosenbaum and Tara Reid. The film is based on the premise that a killer is using the methods of death described in certain urban legends as a means to kill the victims.The film was followed by Urban Legends: Final Cut which was released in theaters in 2000 and Urban Legends: Bloody Mary which went direct-to-video in 2005.
 Summer is a 2008 film directed by Kenneth Glenaan and starring Robert Carlyle and Rachael Blake. It tells the story of a lively and wayward spirit coming to terms with the realities of age and death. Shaun (Carlyle) has to confront past demons as his first love re-appears and his best friend Daz is terminally ill. The film is set mainly in Shaun's present day life but he also reflects on his childhood in flashbacks.
 Do Knot Disturb is a Bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan. The film is a remake of the 2006 French film The Valet (French: La Doublure). It released on 2 October 2009 and received generally positive reviews upon release though failed to make an impact at the box office.
 Kallarali Hoovagi is an Indian Kannada language film directed by T.S. Nagabharana. The film based on a novel of the same name by B L Venu is a fictitious love story set in Chitradurga kingdom during the reign of Madakari Nayaka one of the Palegars of Chitradurga. It stars Vijay Raghavendra Umashankari Anantnag Bharathi Ambareesh Avinash.
 The Fog is a 2005 horror film directed by Rupert Wainwright and starring Tom Welling Selma Blair and Maggie Grace. It is a remake of John Carpenter's 1980 film of the same name and was produced by Carpenter and Debra Hill who co-wrote the original film.
 Avec les Hommes de l'eau is a Belgian 1938 short documentary film.
 Bye Bye Bangkok is a 2011 Bengali comedy film directed by Aniket Chattopadhaya. It featured Swastika Mukherjee Rajesh Sharma Shilajit Majumdar Rudranil Ghosh Kharaj Mukherjee Anjana Basu Locket Chatterjee Sonali Choudhury Kanchan Mullick Kanchana Maitra Neel Mukherjee Rajatava Dutta Biswajit Chakrabarty Phalguni Chatterjee Kunal Padhi Sudipa Basu and others.The film has been shot in Bangkok and Kolkata.
 Al-Shams Fi Yawm Gha'em (Arabic: الشمس في يوم غائم‎) (The Sun on a Cloudy Day) is a Syrian film released in 1986. It was directed by the Syrian film Director Muhammad Shahin. The movie is 90 minutes long.
 Storm Tracker a.k.a. Storm is a 1999 American disaster/crime Thriller film directed by Andrew Hofman. It features Luke Perry and Robert Knott Alexandra Powers.
 Vaastu Shastra is a 2004 horror film by Ram Gopal Varma starring Susmita Sen and J D Chakravarty in the lead roles. It was released on 22 October 2004 with successful review at the box office. Vaastu Shastra was dubbed into Telugu as Marri Chettu.
 True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet is a Lifetime Television comedy-drama film based on a young-adult book of the same name by author Lola Douglas. The film stars Joanna JoJo Levesque and Golden Globe Award winner Valerie Bertinelli. The film was directed by Tim Matheson. It premiered on August 9 2008 on Lifetime.
 Uuno Turhapuro is a 1973 Finnish film directed by Ere Kokkonen and the first black and white Uuno Turhapuro film. It stars Vesa-Matti Loiri Marjatta Raita Pertti Pasanen and Simo Salminen.
 Goemon (五右衛門 Goemon) is a 2009 Japanese historical fantasy film written and directed by Kazuaki Kiriya. It is loosely based on the story of Ishikawa Goemon a legendary outlaw hero who stole valuables from the rich and gave them to the poor. The film is a fictional account of Goemon's exploits and his role during the final phase of Sengoku period particularly the period leading up to the decisive Battle of Sekigahara.
 Traces of Love is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Kim Dae-seung and starring Yoo Ji-tae Kim Ji-soo and Uhm Ji-won. The film is based on the Sampoong Department Store collapse which took place in 1995.
 Traffic is a 2011 Malayalam thriller film written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay and directed by Rajesh Pillai. The film features an ensemble cast consisting of Kunchako BobanSreenivasanRahman Asif Ali Anoop Menon Vineeth Sreenivasan Sandhya Roma and Remya Nambeesan. The film has its narrative in a hyperlink format. The film opened on 7 January 2011 to a positive reception.
 Rickshaw Boy (Chinese: 骆驼祥子) is a 1982 Chinese movie directed by Ling Zifeng based upon the novel of the same name by Lao She. The film stars Siqin Gaowa who won a Golden Rooster for her performance.
 How to Murder a Rich Uncle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Nigel Patrick and starring Patrick Wendy Hiller Charles Coburn and Anthony Newley. It follows a man who plans to kill his wealthy Uncle George. It was based on the play Il faut tuer Julie by Didier Daix.
 Five Guns West is a 1955 Western film set during the American Civil War directed by Roger Corman. It was Corman's first film as director although he had already made two as producer.R. Wright Campbell was paid $200 to write the script. It was shot over nine days.
 The Gay Deceivers is a 1969 gay-themed comedy film with a twist ending. The film derives much of its humor through the use of stereotypes. According to gay film historian Vito Russo in his book The Celluloid Closet co-star Michael Greer who played the flamboyantly gay Malcolm and who was himself gay tried to work with the screenwriter and director to minimize the negativity of the characterization and present Malcolm in a positive light.[citation needed]
 Those Love Pangs is a 1914 American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring Charlie Chaplin.
 Where the Green Ants Dream (German: Wo die grünen Ameisen träumen) is a 1984 film by German film director Werner Herzog. It was Herzog's first film in English although also dubbed into German. Based partly on the Milirrpum v Nabalco Pty Ltd case and making use of professional actors as well as Aboriginal activists who were involved in the case it was a mix of facts and fiction.
 The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American war drama film co-written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian American steelworkers and their service in the Vietnam War. The film stars Robert De Niro Christopher Walken John Savage John Cazale Meryl Streep and George Dzundza.
 Hot Pursuit is a 1987 Adventure/Action-Comedy film starring John Cusack Robert Loggia Jerry Stiller Ben Stiller(in his first acting role) and Keith David.
 Mr. Denning Drives North is a 1952 British mystery film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring John Mills Phyllis Calvert and Eileen Moore. The plot concerns an aircraft manufacturer (Mills) who accidentally kills the boyfriend (Herbert Lom) of his daughter (Moore) and tries to dispose of the body. Alec Coppel wrote the script adapted from his own novel. It was made at Shepperton Studios.
 Hamlet is a 1961 German film directed by Franz Peter Wirth. It stars Maximilian Schell as Hamlet.
 Rei-Lan: Orchid Emblem is a 1997 hentai anime OVA and the first to be distributed and licensed by Kitty Media. It was released on DVD as part of the Best of Kitty series in 2001.
 Pinky Moge Wali (2012) is a Punjabi film starring Neeru Bajwa Gavie Chahal Geeta Zaildar K S Makhan Harpal Singh B.N. Sharma as the prominent characters.Music for the film will be given by Jitender Shah Gurmeet Singh & Rohit Composer and Guri Bal. The film started shooting in March 2012. The Movie is releasing on 28 September 2012.The film's title Pinky Moge Wali comes from the popular character of Pinky introduced in the popular Punjabi movie Jihne Mera Dil Luteya.
 The More Things Change... is a 1986 film directed by Robyn Nevin.
 Mumbai Police is a 2013 Indian Malayalam Crime thriller film written by Bobby-Sanjay and directed by Rosshan Andrrews. It features Prithviraj Jayasurya and Rahman in the lead roles. Supporting roles are played by Kunjan Aparna Nair and debutant Hima Davis. The film is produced by Nisad Haneefa and co-produced by Nivas Haneef and Niyas Haneefa. The background score was composed by Gopi Sunder and the cinematography was handled by G.
 Garuda (in Thailand known as Paksa wayu) is a 2004 Thai Kaiju film. It is considered to be Thailand's first Giant Monster/Kaiju movie by fans of the genre.
 Son of Rambow is a 2007 British-French-German comedy-drama film written and directed by Garth Jennings. The film premiered on 22 January 2007 at the Sundance Film Festival. It was later shown at the Newport Beach Film Festival Seattle International Film Festival Toronto International Film Festival and Glasgow Film Festival. The film was also shown at the 51st BFI London Film Festival.
 Takeover is a 1988 Australian film about George Oppenheimer a computer inventor.
 La vida por delante is a 1958 Spanish comedy film starring and written and directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez. The film enjoyed enough success to inspire a sequel La vida alrededor released in 1959.
 Jagadam is a 2007 Tollywood film in the direction of Sukumar (Arya fame). This film has Ram Isha Sahani Pradeep Rawat and Prakash Raj in important roles. The film was produced by Aditya Babu. The film was released on 16 March 2007.
 Tadap is a 1990 Hindi-language Indian unreleased feature film directed by Sohanlal Kanwar starring Chunky Pandey and Meenakshi Seshadri.
 Something Remote is a 2009 American independent comedy film written and directed by Alex Laferriere and produced by Nick Allain and Steve DiTullio. Starring C/J Haley Rick Desilets and John Selig it follows three overeducated TV-addicted roommates trying to stay together as an ex-girlfriend tries to tear them apart. Something Remote was the first feature-length film by Broken Wall Films.Something Remote was filmed for only $150 in director Alex Laferriere's actual apartment.
 The Temp is a 1993 thriller film about a cookie company executive who suspects that his temp killed his employers. The film stars Timothy Hutton Lara Flynn Boyle and Faye Dunaway. It was released from Paramount Pictures on February 12 1993.Parts of the movie were filmed on the South Park Blocks in Portland Oregon.This film was directed by Tom Holland (Fright Night Child's Play) and written by Tom Engelman and Kevin Falls (Shark).
 A Bloody Aria (Hangul: 구타 유발자들; RR: Guta Yubalja-deul) is a 2006 South Korean black comedy film written and directed by Won Shin-yeon that starred Han Suk-kyu Lee Moon-sik Oh Dal-su Lee Byung-joon and Cha Ye-ryun. The Los Angeles Times described the movie as a thriller about a fated convergence of people from different strata of Korean society who queasily slide between roles of tormentor and victim.
 Stealing Home is a 1988 romantic drama film movie starring Jodie Foster Mark Harmon Jonathan Silverman and Harold Ramis and William McNamara in major roles. The film was directed by Steven Kampmann. Although a commercial failure the film is regarded as one of the classics with beautiful locations and music. The film is most rememberedfor its music and theme song And When She Danced by David Foster and Marilyn Martin which became very popular.
 Clara Gibbings is a 1934 Australian film directed by F.W. Thring about the owner of a London pub who discovers she is the daughter of an earl. It was a vehicle for stage star Dorothy Brunton.
 The Fast and the Furious is a 1955 film starring John Ireland and Dorothy Malone. It was the first film produced by American International Pictures production company. The black-and-white B-movie was co-directed by the film's leading man John Ireland. The story was written by Roger Corman and the screenplay by Jean Howell and Jerome Odlum.
 Yossi (original Hebrew title: הסיפור של יוסי; English transliteration: Ha-Sippur Shel Yossi) is a 2012 drama Israeli film directed by Eytan Fox. It stars Ohad Knoller Oz Zehavi and Lior Ashkenazi.Yossi Fox's fifth feature film is a sequel to the director's breakthrough work Yossi & Jagger (2002). The plot takes places a decade after the events in that previous film.
 Confessions of a Foyer Girl is a 1978 short film created by Aardman Animations. It is part of the Animated Conversations series. In this short creators David Sproxton and Peter Lord applied the groundbreaking technique of using recorded conversations of real people as the basis for the script.
 Kleine Freiheit (international title: A Little Bit of Freedom) is a 2003 film by Kurdish director Yüksel Yavuz about the friendship (and later relationship) between two teenage boys who are illegal immigrants in Germany.
 Mezame no hakobune (めざめの方舟 lit.
 Yellow Sands is a 1938 British comedy drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Marie Tempest Belle Chrystall Wilfrid Lawson and Robert Newton. A wealthy dying woman's relatives gather unaware that they have all been cut out of the will. It was based on the 1926 play Yellow Sands.
 Stealing Summers is a 2011 American drama film directed by David Martin Porras and written by Matt Lester. The film stars Wilson Bethel Sophie Auster James Jagger and Mariano Martinez. Filmed on location in Buenos Aires. The film premiered at the 2011 Seminci (also known as Semana Internacional de Cine de Valladolid or Valladolid International Film Festival) in Valladolid Spain.
 The First Power is a 1990 American horror film/neo-noir directed by Robert Resnikoff and starring Lou Diamond Phillips Tracy Griffith Jeff Kober and Mykelti Williamson.
 Tanging Yaman is a 2000 Filipino religious-family drama film produced by Star Cinema. Directed by Laurice Guillen the film garnered several awards especially at the 2000 Metro Manila Film Festival including Best Picture Best Actor and Best Actress.The movie's title came from a liturgical composition by Manoling Francisco SJ and sung by Carol Banawa.The success of this religious-family drama film was followed ten years later by Sa 'Yo Lamang also directed by Laurice Guillen.
 Share Bazaar is a 1997 Bollywood film directed by Manmohan and released in 1997.
 The Alien Factor is a 1976 B-grade science fiction film directed and written by Baltimore low-budget filmmaker Don Dohler. The film begins with a young teenage couple making out in a car when an insect looking monster attacks. The local sheriff must find out what's causing the killings. Meanwhile the mayor is breathing down his neck.
 Thanks for the Memory is a 1938 film starring Bob Hope and Shirley Ross and directed by George Archainbaud.
 On All Floors is a 2002 British short film directed by Geoff Evans and written by Craig Handley. It is a dark comedy which tells the story of five people who are trapped in a falling elevator. Believing they have only a few minutes left to live the lift's occupants start to confess their deepest darkest secrets.
 The Canary Effect is a 2006 documentary that looks into the effects of that the United States and its policies have on the Indigenous peoples (Native Americans) who are residents. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and won the Stanley Kubrick Award at the 2006 Traverse City Film Festival (Michael Moore hosts).The movie was directed by Robin Davey and Yellow Thunder Woman who are both members of LA Based alternative pop group The Bastard Fairies.
 Falling in Love is a 1984 American romantic-drama film starring Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro and directed by Ulu Grosbard. In the film two married strangers meet randomly become friends and fall in love. They spend time together riding the train into the city of New York and begin meeting for coffee or lunch. They enjoy their time together and this enjoyment eventually blossoms into love.
 The Helix...Loaded is a parody of The Matrix and Fight Club written and directed by A. Raven Cruz and starring Scott Levy and Vanilla Ice.
 Eureka Stockade is a 1907 Australian silent film about the Eureka Rebellion. It was the second feature film made in Australia following The Story of the Kelly Gang.It was made by George Cornwell a motor mechanic and his brother Arthur.
 Paura in città (internationally titled Fear in the City Street War and Hot Stuff) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Giuseppe Rosati.
 The Vixen was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered lost.
 The Lord of the Beasts (German:Der Herr der Bestien ) is a 1921 German silent drama film directed by Ernst Wendt and starring Carl de Vogt Claire Lotto and Anna von Palen. It premiered in Berlin on 17 August 1921.
 13 kleine Esel und der Sonnenhof is a 1958 German film.
 ABBA: The Movie is a 1977 film about the pop group ABBA's Australian tour. It was directed by Lasse Hallström who directed most of the group's videos. The film has become a cult film among ABBA fans. Its release coincided with the release of ABBA: The Album the group's fifth studio album and features many songs from that album as well as many of their earlier hits and one Get on the Carousel unavailable anywhere else.
 Padmé is a Star Wars fan film produced by Jason Ginsburg Robert Reeves and Kevin W. Walsh. The short was written by Walsh and directed by Reeves. The film won the George Lucas Selects Award in the 2008 Official Star Wars Fan Film Awards co-sponsored by Atom.com and Lucasfilm and aired on both Spike TV and Comedy Central shortly thereafter.Robert Reeves previously won Best Comedy in the 2005 Star Wars Fan Film Awards for Cheap Seats which he wrote directed and starred in.
 Sodomites is a 1998 short film written and directed by Gaspar Noé. The film is a hardcore safe-sex promo that was made for French television in the late 1990s.
 The Rookie is a 1959 American comedy film directed by George O'Hanlon. It was the first film starring the comedy team of Tommy Noonan and Peter Marshall they also appeared together in the 1962 film Swingin' Along.
 Mooz-lum is a 2010 American independent film written and directed by Qasim Q Basir and starring Danny Glover. Mooz-lum (i.e. Muslim) tells the story of an African American Muslim family whose lives are changed by the September 11 attacks and their aftermath. The film was initially promoted primarily through social media before opening for its limited theatrical release on February 11 2011.
 Transatlantis is a 1995 German drama film directed by Christian Wagner. It was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Fourteenth Day (Serbian: Dan četrnaesti) is a 1960 Yugoslavian crime film directed by Zdravko Velimirović. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Crustacés et coquillages (translated into English as the punning Cockles and Muscles) also known as Côte d'Azur is a 2005 French film directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau.
 Secret Agent of Japan (1942) is the first American anti-Japanese war film produced by a major studio after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The film stars Preston Foster as a nightclub owner in Shanghai who becomes involved in espionage revolving around preparations for the infamous sneak attack.
 CABFAIR is a 2008 mockumentary film produced and directed by Justin Chenier who came up with the original concept in 2004. Justin Chenier and K. Shane Doulton are listed as the writers although the film did not have a conventional script with each scene improvised by the actors while following the storyline written by Justin Chenier.
 Miss Sadie Thompson is a 1953 American musical 3D film starring Rita Hayworth Aldo Ray and José Ferrer and was released by Columbia Pictures. The film is based on the W. Somerset Maugham short story Miss Thompson (later retitled Rain). Other film versions include Sadie Thompson (1928) starring Gloria Swanson Rain (1932) starring Joan Crawford and Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A. a 1946 race film.
 Muktir Gaan (Bengali : মুক্তির গান The Song of Freedom) is a 1995 Bangladeshi documentary film Directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud. This is a documentary film which explores the impact of cultural identity on the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 where music and song provided a source of inspiration to the freedom fighters and a spiritual bond for the whole emerging nation.
 The Timidity of the Loverat (also known as simply The Timidity) is a 1983 British drama film based on the novel The Story of Johnny and Ron. It was written by Si Chadwick produced by Harrison Keyes and Richard Silberman and directed by Harrison Keyes. The film starred Phil Daniels and John Altman as the two main characters Johnny Hitchcock and Ron Martini.
 The Killer is on the Phone (Italian: L'assassino... è al telefono also known as Scenes From a Murder) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Alberto De Martino.
 Take a Hard Ride is a 1975 Western directed by Antonio Margheriti. It stars Lee Van Cleef Jim Brown and Fred Williamson.Pike a stone faced cowboy meets up with Tyree a dishonest gambler.
 Cyrano Fernandez is a 2007 Venezuelan drama film based on the plays of Cyrano de Bergerac but set in contemporary times.
 The Wedding Night is a 1935 American romantic drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Gary Cooper Anna Sten and Ralph Bellamy. Based on a story by Edwin H. Knopf the film is about a financially strapped novelist who returns to his country home in Connecticut looking for inspiration for his next novel and becomes involved with a beautiful young Polish woman and her family. King Vidor won the Volpi Cup for Best Director at the Venice Film Festival in 1935.
 Prom Night III: The Last Kiss is a 1990 horror-comedy film that is part of the Prom Night film series continuing the storyline involving the murderous ghoul Mary Lou Maloney. This is the only entry to depart from the strictly horror genre of the series and is instead a spoof of the previous films. It was released briefly in theaters on March 30 1990 before being released to video three months later. This film was followed by a third sequel titled Prom Night IV: Deliver Us from Evil.
 Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a 2008 American science fiction adventure film. It is the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise created by George Lucas and directed by Steven Spielberg. Released nineteen years after the previous film the film acknowledges the age of its star Harrison Ford by being set in 1957.
 Gulaab Gang is a 2014 Indian crime drama film centered on the struggle of women in the country directed by a debutante director Soumik Sen and produced by Anubhav Sinha starring Madhuri Dixit and Juhi Chawla as leads. The official trailer was released on 10 January 2014.The film released on 7 March 2014. Upon its release the film received positive to mixed reviews from the critics however the critics raved about Chawla's performance in the film calling it the best performance of the year.
 A Man Called Hero is a 1999 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Andrew Lau and based on the manhua series Chinese Hero: Tales of the Blood Sword by Ma Wing-shing.
 Secret Ballot (Persian: Ra'ye makhfi‎) is an Iranian film from 2001. It was directed by Babak Payami. The film covers a day in the life of an agent collecting votes on an island in Iran.
 Branded a Coward is a 1935 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Bride Wars is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Gary Winick and written by Greg DePaul June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson.The film stars Kate Hudson Anne Hathaway Candice Bergen Bryan Greenberg Chris Pratt Steve Howey and Kristen Johnston.
 Sweethearts is a 1938 Technicolor musical romance directed by W.S. Van Dyke starring Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. The screenplay by Dorothy Parker and Alan Campbell uses the “play within a play” device: a contemporary Broadway production of the 1913 Victor Herbert operetta is the setting for another pair of sweethearts the stars of the show. This was the first color film for Nelson or Jeanette (as well as MGM's first three strip Technicolor feature).
 His Day of Glory (Italian: La sua giornata di gloria) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Edoardo Bruno. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Napoleon and Me (Italian: N (Io e Napoleone) French: Napoléon (et moi) Spanish: N. Napeleón y yo) is a 2006 Italian-French-Spanish historical comedy-drama directed by Paolo Virzì. It is loosely based on the novel N. by Ernesto Ferrero.
 The Stars Fell on Henrietta is a 1995 drama film from Warner Bros. directed by James Keach and produced by Clint Eastwood.
 A Haunted House 2 is a 2014 American comedy horror film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans. The film is the sequel to the 2013 film A Haunted House. It is produced by IM Global Octane and distributed by Open Road Films. The film was released on April 18 2014.
 Parayanumvayya Parayathirikkanumvayya is a 1985 Malayalam-language film directed by Priyadarshan starring Mammootty Shankar and Menaka with Mohanlal in a guest appearance.
 An Unfinished Affair is a 1996 American television film directed by Rod Hardy. The film originally premiered on ABC and is now frequently aired on Lifetime.
 Le Amiche (English: The Girlfriends) is a 1955 Italian black-and-white drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Eleonora Rossi Drago Gabriele Ferzetti Franco Fabrizi and Valentina Cortese. Adapted from Cesare Pavese's 1949 novel Tra donne sole the film is about a young woman who returns to her native Turin to set up a new fashion salon and becomes involved with a troubled woman and her three wealthy women friends. The film was shot on location in Turin Piedmont Italy.
 Hud ('Skin') is a 1986 Norwegian crime film directed by and starring Vibeke Løkkeberg. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 I Am Self Sufficient (Italian: Io sono un autarchico) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by and starring Nanni Moretti.
 Carry On Behind is the twenty-seventh in the series of Carry On films to be made and was released in 1975. It was the first not to be scripted by Talbot Rothwell since Carry On Cruising 13 years previously. Sid James was busy touring in a play whilst Rothwell's health prevented him from writing. The regular actors present are Kenneth Williams Kenneth Connor Jack Douglas Joan Sims and Peter Butterworth.
 711 Ocean Drive is a 1950 American crime film noir directed by Joseph M. Newman. The drama features Edmond O'Brien Joanne Dru and Otto Kruger.
 Die Mücke is a 1954 German drama film directed by Walter Reisch. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Five Boys from Barska Street (Polish: Piątka z ulicy Barskiej) is a 1954 Polish drama film directed by Aleksander Ford. It was awarded the International Prize at the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hammer is a 1972 blaxploitation film directed by Bruce Clark. The film was released following the successes of Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song and Shaft notable 1971 films that popularized black cinema. It starred Fred Williamson as B.J. Hammer. Williamson went on to become a staple of the genre.
 Vanasundari (Tamil: வனசுந்தரி) is a 1951 Tamil film directed by T. R. Raghunath starring P. U. Chinnappa T. R. Rajakumari T. S. Balaiah and S. Varalakshmi.
 Paju (Hangul: 파주; RR: Paju) is a 2009 South Korean film. It tells the tale of a teenage schoolgirl (Seo Woo) and her complex relationship to her older sister’s husband (Lee Sun-kyun). Set in the city where it takes its name from – a longtime military area and now a developing city located close to the North/South Korean border – its elegant and well-constructed narrative deals with guilt mystery love and redemption as well as the psychological layers of its characters.
 Starting Out in the Evening is a 2007 American drama film directed by Andrew Wagner. The screenplay by Wagner and Fred Parnes is based on the novel of the same name by Brian Morton.
 Joshilaay is an 1989 Indian Hindi film directed by Sibte Hassan Rizvi and released in 1989. The movie stars Sunny Deol Anil Kapoor Meenakshi Sheshadri Sridevi.
 Crime Doctor's Warning is a 1945 American mystery film directed by William Castle and fourth in the Crime Doctor series of ten films produced between 1943 and 1949. In this entry Coulter Irwin plays a returning World War II veteran with a few problems: psychological problems that include blackouts a dominating mother and a beautiful girlfriend who turns up murdered. The police are quick to pin the killing on him but the Crime Doctor is not so sure.
 Catch as Catch Can is a 1937 British crime film directed by Roy Kellino and starring James Mason Viki Dobson Eddie Pola and Margaret Rutherford.
 Running Turtle (Hangul: 거북이 달린다; RR: Geobuki dalinda; MR: Kŏbuki tallinta) is a 2009 South Korean film about a countryside detective trying to capture a legendary prison breaker. Released on June 11 2009 it was directed by Lee Yeon-woo and starred Kim Yoon-seok and Jung Kyung-ho.
 Senza bandiera is a 1951 Italian film directed by Lionello De Felice.
 Past Minutes (Portuguese: Minutos Atrás) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy-fantasy film directed and written by Caio Sóh.
 A Bronx Tale is a 1993 American crime drama film set in the Bronx during the turbulent era of the 1960s. It was the directorial debut of Robert De Niro that follows a young Italian-American teenager as his path in life is guided by two father figures played by De Niro and Chazz Palminteri. It also includes a brief appearance by Joe Pesci. It was written by Palminteri based partially upon his childhood. The film grossed over $17 million domestically in the box office.
 Masquerades (مسخرة) is a 2008 film directed by Lyes Salem.
 Kannan Varuvaan (English: Kannan will come) is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000. The story revolves around Karthick's love towards Diyva Unni but at the same time Manthra was in love with Karthik Gaundamni and Senthil as usual give their hit comedies. This Film and its soundtrack was a huge hit upon release.
 The Blank Generation is the earliest published D-I-Y home movies of New York punk's birth filmed by Amos Poe and Ivan Kral legendary 1970s guitarist with Iggy Pop Blondie and Patti Smith.
 Gramatthu Minnal is a 1984 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by  starring Karthik Muthuraman and Radha in lead roles.
 The Boy Inside (王様とボク Osama to Boku literally The King and I) is a 2012 Japanese drama film directed and written by Tetsu Maeda. It is Maeda's thirteenth film. The plot centers on a boy named Morio who has the IQ of a 6-year-old and his childhood friend who tries to get him to fit into the society. This film is based on the manga with same name by Yamada Naito. The film was released in Japan on September 22 2012.
 Ek Tho Chance is a 2014 Bollywood erotic thriller film directed by Saeed Akhtar Mirza and produced by Rangita Pritish Nandy under Pritish Nandy Communications. The music director is Ismail Darbar.The film stars Amrita Arora Purab Kohli Ali Fazal Pawan Malhotra Vijay Raaz and others. The film premiered at the 2009 Film Festival of Kerala and is scheduled for theatrically release in 2014.
 The Valentine Girl is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film starred Marguerite Clark Frank Losee and Richard Barthelmess. Actress Laura Sawyer wrote the screen story. The film is now presumed lost.
 Antony and Cleopatra is a 1974 British videotaped television production of William Shakespeare's 1606 play of the same name produced by ATV (which was distributed internationally by ITC) starring Richard Johnson as Mark Antony Janet Suzman as Cleopatra and Patrick Stewart as Enobarbus. It was directed by Jon Scoffield and is an adaptation of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company (RSC) production of the play.
 A Penny's History (Hungarian: Egy krajcár története) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 I'm Not Rappaport is a 1996 film adaptation by Herb Gardner of his play by the same name. Also directed by Gardner the film starred Walter Matthau Ossie Davis Amy Irving Craig T. Nelson Martha Plimpton Peter Friedman and Ron Rifkin.
 Born to Sing (Hangul: 전국노래자랑; RR: Jeonguk Norae Jarang; lit. National Singing Contest) is a 2013 South Korean comedy-drama film starring Kim In-kwon and directed by Lee Jong-pil. Produced by comedian and variety show host Lee Kyung-kyu it was released in theaters on May 2 2013.The film is based on National Singing Contest an actual TV show that is the longest-running Sunday TV program in Korea since its premiere in 1980.
 The Last Dymaxion: Buckminster Fuller’s Dream Restored... is a 2012 documentary film directed by Noel Murphy (comedian). about the world's first Green car produced in 1933. It's also about the legacy mentorship and genius of Buckminster Fuller.
 Boundaries of the Heart is a 1988 film starring Wendy Hughes.It was shot near Kalgoorlie in Western Australia.
 The Hidden Hand is a 1917 American film serial directed by James Vincent. This is a lost serial.
 Beaks: The Movie (Spanish: El ataque de los pájaros) is a 1987 Spanish horror movie directed by René Cardona Jr. It stars Michelle Johnson and Christopher Atkins as reporters trying to figure out why birds have starting attacking people. It was first released in Europe in 1987 and also known as Beaks: The Birds 2 Birds of Prey and Evil Birds.
 Bauerntanz zweier Kinder (also known as Italienischer Bauerntanz or Italian Folk dance) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Max Skladanowsky. The film captures two children from Ploetz-Lorello performing a dance.It was one of a series of films produced to be projected by a magic lantern and formed part of the Wintergarten Performances the first projections of film in Europe to a paying audience.
 Hem från Babylon is a 1941 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg.
 Source Code is a 2011 French–American science fiction techno-thriller film directed by Duncan Jones written by Ben Ripley and starring Jake Gyllenhaal Michelle Monaghan Vera Farmiga and Jeffrey Wright. The film had its world premiere on March 11 2011 at South by Southwest (SXSW) and was released by Summit Entertainment on April 1 in North America and Europe.Source Code was critically acclaimed and became a box office success grossing over $147 million worldwide.
 The Tesseract is a 2003 thriller film starring Jonathan Rhys-Meyers. Based on the novel of the same name by Alex Garland it is directed by Oxide Pang.The film examines four seemingly unconnected lives brought together through a theft in a Bangkok hotel room (unlike the novel which is set in Manila).
 Red Indians is a 2001 Malayalam action-drama movie directed by Sunil. It stars Vikram and Preetha Vijayakumar in the lead roles.
 Driving a Girl to Destruction is an Australian film directed by George Marlow. It is considered a lost film.
 A Question of the Heart (Italian: Questione di cuore) is a 2009 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi.
 Cheluva (Kannada: ಚೆಲುವ) is a 1997 Kannada comedy- drama film directed and enacted by V. Ravichandran in dual roles. The rest of the cast includes Meena Gouthami Suman and Tiger Prabhakar among others. The film is a remake of a popular Telugu film Hello Brother directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and starring Akkineni Nagarjuna Soundarya and Ramya Krishna.
 Our Little Girl is a 1935 Drama directed by John S. Robertson starring Shirley Temple and Joel McCrea. Molly Middleton (Temple) daughter of Dr. Donald Middleton (Joel McCrea) and his neglected wife Elsa (Rosemary Ames) who becomes attracted to Don's best friend Rolfe Brent (Lyle Talbot).Final directorial effort of veteran John S. Robertson.
 Killer Klowns From Outer Space is a 1988 American science fiction horror comedy movie made by The Chiodo Brothers and starring Grant Cramer. It is the only Chiodo Brothers' directed and written film – they have worked in many other projects in other roles such as producing and visual effects. The film is about a race of aliens (who resemble evil clowns) that arrive on Earth to capture and harvest people to use as sustenance.
 Chaste Susanne (German:Die keusche Susanne) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey Willy Fritsch and Ruth Weyher. It is based on the 1910 operetta Die keusche Susanne composed by Jean Gilbert with a libretto by Georg Okonkowski. In Britain it was released under the alternative title The Girl in the Taxi in reference to The Girl in the Taxim the English version of the operetta.
 The Merry Gentleman is a 2008 drama film directed by Michael Keaton (in his directorial debut) and starring Keaton and Kelly Macdonald. It is about a woman who leaves an abusive relationship to start a new life in Chicago where she forms a friendship with a hitman who is undergoing his own emotional crisis.
 Shudra: The Rising is a Hindi language film with a storyline based on the caste system in ancient India and more specifically the Hindu Varna system. It is directed by Sanjiv Jaiswal and dedicated to Bhim Rao Ambedkar.The film release was originally expected in February 2012 but was postponed to July 2012.
 Monrak luk thung (Thai: มนต์รักลูกทุ่ง or Magical Love in the Countryside or Wonder of Luk Thung) is a 1970 musical-comedy-romance film directed by Rungsri Tassanapuk and starring Mitr Chaibancha and Petchara Chaowarat.
 María Candelaria is a 1943 Mexican film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz. It was the first Mexican film to be screened at the Cannes International Film Festival where it won the Grand Prix becoming the first Latin American country to do so.
 Dhadkan is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 3 is a 1971 Norwegian drama film directed by Nicole Macé starring Per Tofte Tone Schwarzott Hanne Løye and Anne Marie Ottersen. It deals with a polyamorous relationship between a man and two women.
 Boys is a 2003 Indian Tamil coming-of-age film directed by Shankar. It stars debutants Siddarth Genelia Bharath Nakul and Sai Srinivas Thaman in the lead roles. The score and soundtrack are composed by A. R. Rahman. Boys was simultaneously released in Telugu as well with the same name.The story centers on six youngsters who experience the downfalls of teenage life.
 National Lampoon's Last Resort (also known as Last Resort or National Lampoon's Scuba School) is a 1994 direct-to-video comedy film directed by Rafal Zielinski. The film stars Corey Feldman and Corey Haim as Sam and Dave two friends who are visiting a Caribbean island resort.
 Heavy Load is a 2008 British documentary film directed by Jerry Rothwell.The documentary tells the story of Heavy Load a British punk band composed of disabled musicians.
 Gauri is a Marathi movie released on 1 December 2006. The movie has been produced by Gajanan Dongre and directed by Vijay Bhanu. The movie revolves a city girl who finds solace and peace in a village far away from her parents.
 Rose Against the Odds is a 1991 Australian mini series about the life of Lionel Rose.The series was conceived in 1983 and financed by the Seven Network Film Victoria and Australian Film Finance Corporation. It was partly shot in Japan and Los Angeles as well as Melbourne.
 Christabel is a 2001 avante garde experimental film directed by James Fotopoulos and based on the unfinished poem of the same name by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
 Thudikkum Karangal is a Tamil film directed by Sridhar.
 Adina Megha(1970) (Oriya: ଅଦିନ ମେଘ English The Unwanted Cloud ) is a classic Oriya film directed by Amit Mitra
 Moonshine is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.While the film is considered incomplete there are different surviving prints of varying quality. The Kino The Genius of Buster Keaton DVD release presents about 6 minutes and thirty seconds sourced from the Cineteca Nazionale.
 The Flying Liftboy or Abeltje is a 1998 Dutch film directed by Ben Sombogaart. The film was based on the 1953 Dutch children's book Abeltje by Annie M. G. Schmidt.
 Fast and Fearless is a 1924 silent B western film directed by Richard Thorpe written by Betty Burbridge and starring Buffalo Bill Jr. and Jean Arthur. The film is mostly lost: only reel 2 out of 5 has been saved at the Library of Congress.
 The Pleasure Drivers is an American thriller produced in 2005 and initially released in 2006. It was directed by Andrzej Sekuła and written by Adam Haynes. It stars Lauren Holly Angelo Spizzirri Steffany Huckaby Meat Loaf Jill Bennett Lacey Chabert and Angus Macfadyen.
 Vic is a 2006 American short film drama. It is the directorial debut of Sage Stallone son of Sylvester Stallone. The film stars Clu Gulager Tom Gulager and Miriam Byrd-Nethery with cameos by Carol Lynley John LaZar and John Phillip Law. Sage Stallone won the 2006 Boston Film Festival “Best New Filmmaker” award for this film. The film had its world premiere at the 2006 Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films where the cast and filmmakers were in attendance.
 Loanshark is a 1999 black-and-white American crime film written and directed by Jay Jennings. The film is a notable forerunner in the digital filmmaking movement.
 Happily Ever After known in French as Ils se marièrent et eurent beaucoup d'enfants (Translation: They married and had many children) is a 2004 French film. The film is written and directed by Yvan Attal produced by Claude Berri and starring Charlotte Gainsbourg and Yvan Attal.It was released in English in North America.
 Shoebite is the story of a man in his early 60s played by Amitabh Bachchan. It is directed by Shoojit Sircar and produced by UTV Motion Pictures. The lyrics are penned by Gulzar.
 Tom and Jerry: Blast Off to Mars is a 2005 Tom and Jerry outer-space-themed direct-to-video film produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It was released on DVD and VHS on January 18 2005 and on Blu-ray on October 16 2012.
 Tired Business Men is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 60th Our Gang short subject released..
 The Magic Pipe (Russian: Волше́бная свире́ль Volshebnaya svirel) is a 1998 Russian stop motion-animated feature film directed by Mikhail Tumelya. Work on the film started in 1993 and it was Russia's fifth feature-length animation to be released after the collapse of the Soviet Union (the first was Underwater Berets in 1991). Over 120 puppets were used in the film.
 The Remittance Man is an Australian melodrama film directed by W.J. Lincoln about a thief's reformation. It is considered a lost film.
 White Mischief is a 1987 film dramatising the events of the Happy Valley murder case in Kenya in 1941 when Sir Henry Jock Delves Broughton was tried for the murder of Josslyn Hay Earl of Erroll.Based on a book by the Sunday Times journalist James Fox (originally researched with Cyril Connolly for an article in December 1969) it was directed by Michael Radford.
 Masahista (English Title: The Masseur) is a 2005 Filipino film written and directed by Brillante Mendoza. This film is about a young man who gives massages to gay men in Manila and had a relationship.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a film franchise based on the comic book series of the same name by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird. The first film in the series titled Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was released in 1990 at the height of the franchise's popularity and was a commercial success. The success of the film garnered three direct sequels respectively released in 1991 1993 and a CGI animated film 2007 building on the success of the 2003–2009 TV series.
 At Night (original title: Om natten) is a 2007 Danish film.
 Curse of the Crimson Altar is a 1968 British horror film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christopher Lee Boris Karloff Barbara Steele and Mark Eden. The film was produced by Louis M. Heyward for Tigon British Film Productions. The film was cut and released as The Crimson Cult in the United States. It is based (uncredited) on the short story The Dreams in the Witch House by H. P. Lovecraft. This film also featured the final appearance of horror heavyweight Karloff.
 A Step in the Right Direction is a 1981 Australian TV movie about a love story between the son of a factory owner and the factory employee.
 The Long Night is a 1947 American film noir directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by RKO. It is a remake of Le Jour Se Lève (1939) by Marcel Carné. The drama stars Henry Fonda Barbara Bel Geddes Vincent Price and Ann Dvorak.The Long Night was the first screen appearance by character actress Barbara Bel Geddes and it served as a springboard for Bel Geddes's career. RKO signed Bel Geddes to a seven-year contract.
 Eksperimentet (English: The Experiment) is a 2010 Danish drama film written and directed by Louise Friedberg and starring Ellen Hillingsø. The film premiered on 28 August 2010 in the Katuaq Culture Centre in Nuuk the capital of Greenland. The release date of the film in Denmark was 9 September 2010.
 The Password is Courage is a 1962 film based on John Castle's 1954 Second World War memoir of the same name. It was written produced and directed by Andrew L. Stone and stars Dirk Bogarde Maria Perschy and Alfred Lynch. The film is a lighthearted take on the true story of Sergeant-Major Charles Coward written under the pseudonym John Castle by Ronald Charles Payne and John Williams Garrod.Albert Finney makes his first film appearance as a German soldier guarding POWs.
 A Night At The Adonis is a 1978 gay pornographic film by legendary director Jack Deveau. The film stars Jack Wrangler Chris Michaels Big Bill Eld (aka Bill Young) and Mandingo. A Night At The Adonis is a highly plot-driven film and hails from the Golden Age of gay pornography.
 Kaadhal Solla Vandhen (Tamil: காதல் சொல்ல வந்தேன்; English: I came to express my love) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Boopathy Pandian which stars Balaji Balakrishnan of Kana Kaanum Kaalangal fame Meghana Raj and Karthik Sabesh in lead and Arya in a guest role. The film previously titled as Naanum En Sandhyavum and Naan Avalai Sandhitha Pozhudhu is produced by S3 Films and features music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Overland Pacific is a 1954 Western film.
 La Boîte noire (English The Black Box) is a 2005 mystery film directed by Richard Berry written by Berry and Éric Assous (fr) adapted from a novella by Tonino Benacquista and starring José Garcia and Marion Cotillard.
 Little Maestra (リトル・マエストラ) is a 2012 Japanese film.
 Grizzly Rage is a 2007 Canadian television horror film produced by RHI Entertainment that premiered in Canada on the video-on-demand channel Movie Central On Demand on June 7 2007. It aired in the United States on the Syfy on September 16 2007. Filmed in Winnipeg Manitoba the film is the 7th title in the Maneater Series produced under an agreement with Syfy.
 That Championship Season is a 1999 television film about a four members of a championship high school basketball team along with their coach that reunite 20 years later. The film is based on Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name. Sorvino assumes the role played by Robert Mitchum in the original film with D'Onofrio in his role from that presentation.
 A Secret Handshake (2007) A drama/thriller film written & directed by Harsha Wardhan Gijre.
 Sweet Nell of Old Drury is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford starring Nellie Stewart about the relationship between Nell Gwynne and King Charles II. It is based on the 1900 play of the same name by Paul Kester.It was the first time an internationally famous Australian actress had been recorded on celluloid pre-dating Sarah Bernhardt's appearance in Queen Elizabeth (1912).It is considered a lost film.
 Ready to fly is an American documentary by William A. Kerig following the true story of the fight of American women's ski jumping athletes Lindsey Van the rest of her U.S Women’s Ski jumping Team members Jessica Jerome Alissa Johnson Abby Hughes Sarah Hendrickson and many other elite ski jumping athletes around the world to be part of the Olympic Winter Games.
 The Kate Logan Affair is a 2010 Canadian drama film starring Alexis Bledel and Laurent Lucas written and directed by Noël Mitrani. US DVD release March 27 2012.
 Amnèsia is an Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and released in 2002.
 The Fire Within (French: Le feu follet [lə fø fɔlɛ] meaning The Manic Fire or Will-o'-the-Wisp) is a 1963 French drama film directed by Louis Malle. It is based on the novel of the same name by Pierre Drieu La Rochelle. The film stars Maurice Ronet Jeanne Moreau—who had previously worked with Ronet and Malle in Elevator to the Gallows—as well as Alexandra Stewart Bernard Noel Lena Skerla Hubert Deschamps and Yvonne Clech. The score features the music of Erik Satie.
 Ninja Scroll (獣兵衛忍風帖 Jūbē Ninpūchō) is a 1993 Japanese animated action thriller film written and directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri. The critically acclaimed film was theatrically released on June 5 1993 and received a Western release in 1995.
 The Prey (Italian: La preda) is a 1974 Italian erotic drama film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Ghost: Mouichido Dakishimetai (ゴースト もういちど抱きしめたい) is a 2010 Japanese remake of the 1990 American film Ghost. It is directed by Taro Otani and it stars Nanako Matsushima Song Seung-heon Mana Ashida and Kirin Kiki.
 Camp Fear (also known as The Millennium Countdown) is a 1991 direct-to-video science fiction/horror film starring Betsy Russell and Vincent Van Patten. George Buck Flower as Wino Tiny Ron Taylor as The Druid David Homb as Bill James Kratt as Ace Nels Van Patten as Speedy Sherman Augustus as Dancer #1 Michelle Bauer as Dorm Girl Shannon Wilsey as Dorm Girl
 Artisten (aka Harry Piel's 100. film or Prince of the arena) is a German circus movie from 1934 to 1935 starring Susi Lanner Hans Junkermann Hilde Hildebrand and Harry Piel who also acted as director. The screenplay was written by Max W. Kimmich after the silent movie The secret of the circus Barré.
 Poster Boy is a 2004 gay-themed drama film. It toured the gay and lesbian film festival circuit beginning in 2004 before a limited theatrical release in 2006.
 Andarikante Ghanudu is a Telugu language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.
 Controsesso (internationally released as Countersex) is a 1964 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Franco Rossi Marco Ferreri and Renato Castellani. All the episodies have sex as main theme. The episode of Ferreri is considered by several critics as the masterpiece of the first Italian period of the director.
 The Greater Glory was a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Curt Rehfeld. The film starred Conway Tearle and Boris Karloff. The Greater Glory is sometimes listed as The Viennese Medley the title of Edith O'Shaughnessy's novel of which the film is based. It is now considered lost.
 The Twilight People is a 1972 horror movie made in the Philippines. It stars John Ashley and in an early film appearance Pam Grier.
 Fig Trees is a 2009 Canadian operatic documentary film written and directed by John Greyson. It follows South African AIDS activist Zackie Achmat and Canadian AIDS activist Tim McCaskell as they fight for access to treatment for HIV/AIDS. It was also inspired by Gertrude Stein and Virgil Thomson's opera Four Saints in Three Acts. The film premiered at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Teddy Award for Best Documentary.
 Der Marsch zum Führer (English: The March to the Führer) is a Nazi propaganda film released in 1940. It depicts the nationwide march of Hitler Youth (HJ) to Nuremberg for the Nazi Party Rally. Unlike the earlier Leni Riefenstahl Nuremberg documentaries it does not focus on the Party congress itself or on Nazi leaders who are not shown until the very end of the film.
 Half Shot at Sunrise is a 1930 comedy film starring the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey and Dorothy Lee. This was their first starring vehicle after serving as comic relief in three big-budget RKO musicals and proved a box office success. Movie incorporates slapstick verbal gags song and dance and spoofs.
 Duped Till Doomsday (German: Betrogen bis zum jüngsten Tag) is a 1957 East German drama film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bloodfist VI: Ground Zero is a 1995 action film starring Don Wilson Marcus Aurelius Michael Blanks and Anthony Boyer. It was directed by Rick Jacobson and written by Brendan Broderick and Rob Kerchner.
 Sacred Ground is a 1983 western adventure film that stars Tim McIntire Jack Elam and L.Q. Jones. The film was shot in several outdoor locations in Oregon. The film was directed by Charles B. Pierce and is rated PG in the USA.
 Pyaar Ka Rishta is a 1973 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sultan Ahmed. It stars Vinod Khanna Shatrughan Sinha and Mumtaz in pivotal roles.
 The Fast Freight is a 1921 comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film was not released in the US due to Arbuckle's involvement in the Virginia Rappe scandal. The film is considered to be lost.
 Jade Warrior (Finnish: Jadesoturi Chinese: 玉战士; pinyin: Yù zhànshì Estonian: Igavese armastuse sõdalane) is a Finnish-Chinese co-produced movie. It combines elements of the wuxia genre with Finnish Kalevala mythology. It was directed by Antti-Jussi Annila.The movie opened in Finland on October 13 2006 with 40 copies. The film debuted at #2 right after The Devil Wears Prada. It opened in China on October 24 with 150 copies in 70 cities.
 Lady Stay Dead is a 1981 Australian film directed by Terry Bourke about a psychotic handyman.
 La Famille Anodin English: The Anodin family is a French TV serial in 8 episodes of 45 minutes from 1956 on RTF.
 Mad Bomber in Love is a 1992 Australian film. It was a slasher parody. Director James Bogle:That was more like an event than a film just to make the statement that if you really wanted to you could actually make a film for nothing. It took about a year to complete as it turned out even though we only shot it for 14 days.
 The Phantom of the Opera: The Motion Picture is a 1989 American horror film directed by Dwight H. Little and based on Gaston Leroux's novel of the same name.The film is a newer gorier version of the classic 1910 tale and has A Nightmare on Elm Street's Robert Englund playing the Phantom. Christine Day is a young Broadway singer in New York City auditioning for a show who comes across an old piece of music written nearly 100 years before by an unknown musician named Erik Destler.
 Early Spring (早春 sōshun) is a 1956 film by Yasujirō Ozu about a married salaryman (Ryō Ikebe) who escapes the monotony of married life and his work at a fire brick manufacturing company by beginning an affair with a fellow office worker (Keiko Kishi). The film also deals with the hardships of the salaryman lifestyle.
 Imperativ (internationally released as Imperative) is a 1982 German drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. The film entered the competition at the 39th Venice International Film Festival where it received the Special Jury Prize.
 Green Street 3: Never Back Down (also known as Green Street 3 and Green Street Hooligans 3: Underground) is a sequel to the 2009 film Green Street 2 directed by Jesse V. Johnson.
 Cockfighter (also known as Born to Kill) is a 1974 film by director Monte Hellman starring Warren Oates Harry Dean Stanton and featuring Laurie Bird and Ed Begley Jr. The screenplay is based on the novel of the same name by Charles Willeford.
 Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall is a 1924 silent historical drama directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is based upon the 1902 novel Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall.
 Sutter's Gold is a 1936 fictionalized film version of the aftermath of the discovery of gold on Sutter's property spurring the California Gold Rush of 1849. Edward Arnold plays John Sutter. The supporting cast includes Lee Tracy Binnie Barnes Katherine Alexander Montagu Love and Harry Carey as Kit Carson.
 The Last Play at Shea is a 2010 documentary film written by Mark Monroe directed by Paul Crowder produced by Steve Cohen and Nigel Sinclair in conjunction with Billy Joel's Maritime Pictures and Spitfire Films. The film is centered around Billy Joel's 2008 concerts of the same name that occurred at Shea Stadium. The shows were staged on July 16 and 18 2008 before a combined 110000 fans and were the last performances ever to play the historic stadium before it was demolished.
 Monte Walsh is taken from the title of a 1963 western novel by Jack Schaefer. The movie has little to do with the plot of Schaefer's book. It was directed in 1970 by cinematographer William A. Fraker in his directorial debut and starred Lee Marvin Jeanne Moreau and Jack Palance. The movie was set in Harmony Arizona. A made-for-TV remake was set in Wyoming and directed by Simon Wincer with Tom Selleck and Isabella Rossellini playing the parts of Monte and Martine.
 Red Line 7000 is a 1965 American motion picture released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Howard Hawks who also co-wrote the screenplay. It stars James Caan Laura Devon and Marianna Hill in a story about young stock-car racers trying to establish themselves and about the complicated romantic relationships in their lives.George Takei only a year away from Star Trek appears in a supporting role.
 The Cossacks is a 1928 American silent drama film produced and distributed by MGM and directed by George Hill and Clarence Brown. The film stars John Gilbert and Renée Adorée and is based on the 1863 novel The Cossacks by Leo Tolstoy.
 Mayanginen Thayanginen is a 2012 Tamil thriller film written and directed by T. S. Vendan who earlier directed Shaam Sneha starrer Inba. Film starring Nithin Sathya and Disha Pandey. Mayanginen Thayanginen obtained a ‘U’ certificate with 100 cuts! The film which was in production since 2010 was finallyreleased on 1 June 2012 and received very negative reviews.
 A Pure Formality (Italian: Una Pura Formalità) is a 1994 thriller film directed and written by Giuseppe Tornatore. It stars Gérard Depardieu as a reclusive writer and Roman Polanski as a police detective.
 Mädchen ohne Grenzen (English: A Girl Without Boundaries) is a French drama film from 1955 directed by Géza von Radványi written by Jacob Geis starring Sonja Ziemann and Louis de Funès.
 Aashiq Awara is a 1993 Indian film directed by Umesh Mehra. It stars Saif Ali Khan and Mamta Kulkarni in pivotal roles.
 Chutti Chathan is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language 3D film written and directed by Jijo. The movie is a digitalized sequel version to the 1984 Malayalam hit first 3D Indian film My Dear Kuttichathan added with some extra footages. Veteran film maker Rama Narayanan launches this movie through his Thenaandaal Movies banner. The additional scenes will have Prakash Raj and Santhanam donning the roles. Legendary composer Ilayaraja has written the music while Madhan Karki has penned the lyrics.
 Arrowhead is a 1953 western film directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Charlton Heston and Jack Palance. The film is based on the novel Adobe Walls by W.R.Burnett. The screenplay was also by Charles Marquis Warren.
 Stepmonster is a 1993 direct-to-video film starring Alan Thicke Robin Riker George Gaynes Ami Dolenz Corey Feldman Edie McClurg John Astin and Billy Corben . The comedy/horror film was produced by Roger Corman and directed by Jeremy Stanford.
 Melody of the Heart (German: Melodie des Herzens) is a 1929 German musical film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Dita Parlo Willy Fritsch and Gerö Mály.The film was the first sound film produced by the German major studio Universum Film AG and was credited with establishing the popularity of the operetta film. It was shot in Hungary.
 Lucciola is a 1917 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina.
 Aladdin is a 1992 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Aladdin was the 31st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and was part of the Disney film era known as the Disney Renaissance. The film was directed by John Musker and Ron Clements and is based on the Arab folktale of Aladdin and the magic lamp from One Thousand and One Nights.
 Basmati Blues is an upcoming musical romantic comedy film directed by Dan Baron and is scheduled to be released in 2014.
 Bare Behind Bars (released in Brazil as A Prisão The Prison) is a 1980 sexploitation film directed and written by Oswaldo de Oliveira and starring Maria Stella Splendore Marta Anderson and Danielle Ferrite. Intended as a spoof of the common women in prison genre it follows a sadistic female prison warden who sexually abuses the lesbian inmates and features numerous gratuitous sex scenes between the prisoners and prison employees.
 Vivre sa vie: Film en douze tableaux is a 1962 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. The title means To Live Her Life: A Film in Twelve Scenes but in the English-speaking world it was released as My Life to Live (North America) or as It's My Life (UK). The most recent DVD releases use the original French title.
 The Monkey Hustle (also written as The Monkey Hu$tle) is a 1976 blaxploitation film written by Odie Hawkins and Charles Eric Johnson. It stars Yaphet Kotto as Chicago con-man and hustler Big Daddy Foxx and Kirk Calloway as his teenage apprentice. Co-stars include Thomas Carter Donn C. Harper Rudy Ray Moore and Rosalind Cash.
 Nowhere in Africa (German: Nirgendwo in Afrika) is a 2001 German film that was written and directed by Caroline Link. The screenplay is based on the 1995 autobiographical novel of the same name by Stefanie Zweig. It tells the story of the life in Kenya of a German-Jewish family that emigrated there in 1938 to escape persecution in Nazi Germany.
 Here Comes the Navy is a 1934 American romantic comedy film starring James Cagney Pat O'Brien Gloria Stuart and Frank McHugh. The movie was written by Earl Baldwin and Ben Markson and directed by Lloyd Bacon. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. Of historical interest is that a portion of the filming took place aboard the battleship Arizona which was sunk by the Japanese on December 7 1941 at Pearl Harbor.
 The Joy that Kills is a 1984 television film adaptation of Kate Chopin's short story The Story of an Hour. It was directed by Tina Rathborne and co-written by Rathbone and Nancy Dyer. It was released in 1984 as a part of the PBS series American Playhouse.
 Sultana Daku is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Mohammed Hussain. The film stars Helen Jairag Richardson and Dara Singh .
 Breaking News (Chinese: 大事件) is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Johnnie To and starring Richie Jen Kelly Chen Nick Cheung Eddie Cheung Simon Yam and Maggie Shiu. The film premiered out of competition at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Silent Accuser is a 1924 silent film directed by Chester M. Franklin. The film stars dog star Peter the Great Eleanor Boardman and Raymond McKee. This film is considered lost.
 The Aviator was a 1929 all-talking pre-code Vitaphone comedy film produced and released by Warner Bros.. Directed by Roy Del Ruth the film was based on the play of the same name by James Montgomery and starred Edward Everett Horton and Patsy Ruth Miller. The Aviator today is considered a lost film.
 The Boy and the King is a 1992 feature-length animated film made in Egypt by the Islamic film company Astrolabe Pictures. It includes a soundtrack of Islamic songs in English performed by young Muslims.
 In My Skin (French: Dans ma peau) is a 2002 New French Extremity film written by directed by and starring Marina de Van. It details the downward mental spiral of Esther a woman (played by Marina de Van) who engages in increasingly destructive acts of self-mutilation following an accident that injures her leg at a party.
 Thalsamayam Oru Penkutty (Malayalam: തല്‍സമയം ഒരു പെണ്‍കുട്ടി ) is a 2012 Malayalam satirical comedy-drama film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar starring Nithya Menon Shweta Menon and Unni Mukundan in the lead roles. The film is produced by Reel 2 Reel cine productions. The plot is similar to the movie EDtv.
 The History Boys is a 2006 British comedy-drama film adapted by Alan Bennett from his play of the same name which won the 2005 Olivier Award for Best New Play and the 2006 Tony Award for Best Play. It was directed by Nicholas Hytner who directed the original production at the Royal National Theatre in London and features the original cast of the play.The school scenes were filmed in Watford in the two grammar schools Watford Grammar School for Boys and Watford Grammar School for Girls.
 The First Polka (German: Die erste Polka) is a 1979 West German drama film directed by Klaus Emmerich. It was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rhymes for Young Ghouls is a 2013 Canadian drama film. It is set in 1976 on an Indian reserve in the context of the residential school system. Although it tells the fictional story of a teenager named Aila and her plot for revenge it is based on the history of abuse of the First Nations people by Government agents including a large number of reported cases of the mental and physical abuse of residential school children.
 Jigarthanda is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Karthik Subbaraj. The film has Siddharth and Lakshmi Menon in the lead and is being produced by Kathiresan. The supporting cast includes Soodhu Kavvum's Bobby Simha and Karuna Guru Somasundaram of Aaranya Kaandam and actor-director Pratap Pothen. The film is a triangular love story between an aspiring Filmmaker an Idli seller and a dangerous aged Gangster which is set in the city of Madurai. The shoot of the film started on June 12 in Madurai.
 Funny Things Happen Down Under is a 1965 Australian musical/family film directed by Joe McCormick. It stars Olivia Newton-John Ian Turpie and Howard Morrison and is best remembered today for being Newton-John's first film.
 Anna Thangi (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣ ತಂಗಿ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada-language drama film starring Shivarajkumar and Radhika in the lead roles. The film is directed and written by Om Sai Prakash and produced under Vijay films banner. The film upon release met with positive reviews and was remade into Telugu language with the title Gorintaku.
 Love Torn in a Dream (French: Combat d'amour en songe) is a 2000 film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Mohan is 1947 Bollywood film directed by Anadinath Bannerjee and starring Dev Anand and Butt Kashar.
 Chakravarthi Thirumagal (Tamil: சக்ரவர்த்தி திருமகள்) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran Anjali Devi and S. Varalakshmi in the lead roles. The film was released in the 1957.
 2002 is a 2001 Hong Kong science fiction film starring Nicholas Tse Stephen Fung and Sam Lee. The film was directed by Wilson Yip.
 Wonder Woman is a 2009 direct-to-DVD animated superhero film focusing on the superheroine of the same name. The plot of the film is loosely based on George Pérez's reboot of the character specifically the Gods and Mortals arc that started the character's second volume in 1987. It is the fourth in the line of DC Universe Animated Original Movies released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros.
 The Missing Rembrandt (1932) is a British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Arthur Wontner Jane Welsh Miles Mander and Francis L. Sullivan. Sherlock Holmes goes on the trail of a Rembrandt painting stolen by a drug-addicted artist. This film is considered a lost film.[citation needed]
 Nobody Gets Out Alive (also known as Down the Road Punishment and Slasher in the Woods) is a 2012 horror film written and directed by Jason Christopher.
 Terrence Malick is directing and writing an upcoming musical drama film starring Ryan Gosling Christian Bale Natalie Portman Rooney Mara Cate Blanchett and Val Kilmer. The production company when the film was announced as in preproduction in November 2011 was FilmNation Entertainment and its producers were Sarah Green and Nicolas Gonda.
 Chingolo is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Flying Disc Man from Mars (1950) is a Republic film serial. This is considered a weak example of the serial medium even compared to other post-World War II serials.
 Beck – Den svaga länken is a 2007 film about the Swedish police detective Martin Beck directed by Harald Hamrell. Police investigates rapes and murders that occur at night in park.
 The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze is the fifth feature film made by The Three Stooges after their 1959 resurgence in popularity. By this time the trio consisted of Moe Howard Larry Fine and Joe DeRita (dubbed Curly Joe). Directed by Howard's son-in-law Norman Maurer the film was loosely based on the Jules Verne classic Around the World in Eighty Days.
 Aadamkhor is 1986 Hindi language movie directed by Joginder and starring C S Aasie Sunil Dhawan Ranjeet Pinchoo Kapoor Shahid Bijnori Iqbal Durrani Ved Goswami Jogdarshan Jaggu Uma Khosla Sadhana Khote Kundan Nazneen Neelam Mehra Randhawa.
 Forgiven is a 2006 film directed by Paul Fitzgerald starring Paul Fitzgerald Russell Hornsby and Kate Jennings Grant.
 Punk's Not Dead (Macedonian: Панкот не е мртов translit. Pankot ne e mrtov) is a 2011 Macedonian comedy film written and directed by Vladimir Blazevski. The film was selected as the Macedonian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Nata di marzo is a 1957 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Mickey Donald Goofy: The Three Musketeers (also known as simply The Three Musketeers) is a direct-to-video animated film adaptation of the novel The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas père. As the title suggests it features Mickey Mouse Donald Duck and Goofy as the three musketeers. This film was directed by Donovan Cook produced by DisneyToon Studios and released directly to VHS and DVD on August 17 2004 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment.
 Flight 175: As the World Watched is an American television documentary film that premiered in August 2006 on TLC.[citation needed] It covers the final moments of the passengers and crew on board United Airlines Flight 175 which was the second commercial airliner to strike the World Trade Center impacted with the South Tower and was the most visually documented (both photographed and filmed) flight during the September 11 attacks.[citation needed]The documentary features interviews with a variety of people including:relatives of the passengers and crew membersair traffic controllers who responded to the doomed flight andthe two F-15 fighter pilots scrambled from Otis Air National Guard Base who flew in the airspace over Lower Manhattan during the event.Full Video on YouTube==References==
 My Little Pony: The Princess Promenade is a direct-to-video animated film produced by SD Entertainment and distributed by Paramount Pictures in association with Hasbro. The film is the second of the Generation 3 My Little Pony films and the first film to promote the Crystal Princess line. It featured the debut of the Breezies and the 2006 re-design of Spike the dragon who originally featured in the first My Little Pony Series from the 1980s.
 Adam & Yves is a 1974 X-rated film created for gay male audiences. The film is notable for the unauthorized use of footage of Greta Garbo in what turned out to be the legendary actress's final appearance on film.Set in Paris during springtime Adam & Yves is about the French Yves (Marcus Giovanni) and his pursuit of the American tourist Adam (Michael Hardwick).
 Sam's Lake is a horror movie directed by Andrew C. Erin and starring Sandrine Holt Fay Masterson and William Gregory Lee it was an official selection at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival.
 Dard is a 1947 Bollywood drama film directed by Abdul Rashid Kardar. It contains the song “Afsana Likh Rahi Hoon” by Tun Tun. It was a big musical hit which catapulted Naushad to great heights. Its song Hum dard ka afasana duniya ko suna denge is still very popular. Lyrics were written by Shakil Badayuni.
 Nichiren to mōko daishūrai (日蓮と蒙古大襲来 Nichiren and the Great Mongol Invasion) is a 1958 Japanese film directed by Kunio Watanabe.
 Not Quite Decent is a lost early sound film or part-talkie produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Irving Cummings and starred Louise Dresser.
 Proxy is a 2013 American horror film directed by Zack Parker. The movie had its world premiere on September 10 2013 at the Toronto International Film Festival. Proxy which was filmed in Richmond Indiana stars Alexia Rasmussen as a pregnant young woman that joins a support group after she miscarries due to a vicious attack.Film rights to Proxy were picked up by IFC Midnight shortly after its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival.
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1908 Selig Polyscope Company silent horror motion picture starring Hobart Bosworth and Betty Harte.Directed by Otis Turner and produced by William N. Selig the screenplay was adapted by George F.
 The Fault in Our Stars is an upcoming romantic comedy-drama film directed by Josh Boone based on John Green's novel of the same name. The film stars Shailene Woodley Ansel Elgort and Nat Wolff. It is scheduled to be released in The Netherlands and Australia on June 5 2014 and June 6 2014 in the United States. Filming took place in Pittsburgh and Amsterdam.
 Badla Jatti Da (Punjabi:ਬਦਲਾ ਜੱਟੀ ਦਾ) is a 1991 Punjabi action movie directed by Ravinder Ravi. This movie stars Gugu Gill and Yograj Singh in lead roles. The villain role played by Yograj Singh is considered one of his best. The movie was a blockbuster hit across Punjab.
 The Outing is a 1987 horror film that is an edited and shortened version of the original motion picture titled The Lamp. The picture was written and produced by Warren Chaney directed by Tom Daley and stars Deborah Winters and James Huston. The movie was filmed in Houston TX Galveston TX and Los Angeles CA.The film as edited concerns local teenagers who decide to spend the night in a museum.
 Méphisto is the title of a 1930 French film directed by Henri Debain and Georges Vinter starring Janine Ronceray and Jean Gabin. It was Gabin's first role in a long and illustrious career.
 Cop Land is a 1997 American crime drama film written and directed by James Mangold. It features an ensemble cast including Sylvester Stallone Harvey Keitel Robert De Niro Ray Liotta Janeane Garofalo Michael Rapaport Robert Patrick Peter Berg Annabella Sciorra Cathy Moriarty Arthur Nascarella and John Spencer.The story follows a sheriff in a small New Jersey town dominated by corrupt New York City cops.
 Pearls Bring Tears is a 1937 British comedy drama film directed by Manning Haynes and starring John Stuart Dorothy Boyd and Googie Withers.
 Io amo Andrea (I Love Andrea) is a 2000 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.
 Bandhu is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Prashanta Nanda and produced by Kusum Dhanuka. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Swastika Mukherjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Prashanta Nanda and Shanti Raj
 A Prophet (French: Un prophète) is a 2009 French prison drama directed by Jacques Audiard from a screenplay he co-wrote with Thomas Bidegain Abdel Raouf Dafri and Nicolas Peufaillit.
 La Calesita is a 1963 Argentine film.
 The Ghost (Italian title: Lo Spettro) is a 1963 Italian horror film directed by Riccardo Freda using the pseudonym Robert Hampton. The film stars Barbara Steele and Peter Baldwin. Other titles for the film include The Spectre and Lo Spettro del Dr. Hichcock.
 Mallepoovu or Malle Poovu (Telugu: మల్లెపూవు) is a 1978 Telugu Drama film directed by V. Madhusudan Rao. It is remake of 1957 Hindi film Pyaasa produced and directed by Guru Dutt.It is Musical film with lyrics penned by Veturi Sundararama Murthy and Arudra and Music scored by K. Chakravarthy. The songs are voiced by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam P. Susheela and Vani Jayaram.
 Sentimental Destinies (French: Les Destinées sentimentales) is a 2000 French drama film directed by Olivier Assayas. It was entered into the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
 Marine Boy (Hangul: 마린보이; RR: Marin Boi; MR: Marin Boi) is a 2009 South Korean film. The feature film debut of writer and director Yoon Jong-seok it stars Kim Kang-woo Cho Jae-hyun and Park Si-yeon in the lead roles. Marine Boy is the story of a former national swimmer who finds himself in debt and out of desperation is employed as a mule by a gangster boss smuggling drugs by sea.
 Slaughtered Vomit Dolls is a 2006 Canadian-American horror film written and directed by Lucifer Valentine who coined vomit gore as a new subgenre. The film had a simultaneous DVD and limited theatrical release on February 14 2006.
 Abort (English: Abortion) is a 1970 Norwegian drama film directed by Vibeke Løkkeberg. It follows a young girl from the moment she discovers that she is pregnant to the point where a doctor makes the decision about whether she is granted an abortion.
 The Ringer is a 1931 British crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Patric Curwen Esmond Knight John Longden and Carol Goodner.Scotland Yard detectives hunt for a dangerous criminal who has recently returned to England. The film was based on an Edgar Wallace story The Gaunt Stranger. Forde remade the same story in 1938 as The Gaunt Stranger.
 Norman Loves Rose is a 1982 Australian comedy.Henri Safran had been looking for a comedy script to direct and being unable to find one he was happy with he decided to write one himself.
 The Komediant is an Israeli documentary film of 2000 directed by Arnon Goldfinger which recalls the life and careers of the Burstein family of Yiddish theatre: Pesach Burstein his wife Lillian Lux his son Mike Burstyn and daughter Susan Burstein-Roth. It received the prestigious Israeli Academy's Best Documentary Award and chronicles one of the most visible families of the Yiddish theater in America. The film was made in honor of the 100th birth anniversary of Pesach Burstein in 1996.
 Jawani Zindabad - is a Punjabi film released in 2010 Starring Raj Brar Gurkirtan Chauhan Pooja Kanwal and Gugu Gill. Some of the shooting took place in Chandigarh's Sector 17 and Sukhna Lake amongst other places.
 Teresa Venerdì is a 1941 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica.
 Bukowski is an American biographical film completed in 2014 and set for release in the same year. It retells the childhood years of writer Charles Bukowski. The film was directed by James Franco and stars Josh Peck as Charles Bukowski and Shannen Doherty as his mother Katharina.
 The Killing Room is a 2009 psychological thriller film directed by Jonathan Liebesman and starring Chloë Sevigny Nick Cannon and Timothy Hutton. It premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. It is being distributed internationally by ContentFilm.
 Citizen : I'm Not Losing My Mind I'm Giving It Away (1982) directed by William Farley marks the first screen appearance of Whoopi Goldberg. It is an avant-garde ensemble piece also starring West Coast performance artists Stoney Burke Bob Carroll Darryl Henriques Murray Korngold Pons Maar John O'Keefe and Michael Peppe.It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 1983 and was also featured at the Whitney Museum of American Art. Distributed by William Farley Film Group.
 Rich Hill is a 2014 American documentary film co-produced and directed by Andrew Droz Palermo and Tracy Droz Tragos. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19 2014. It won the U.S. Grand Jury Prize: Documentary Award at the festival.After its premiere at Sundance Film Festival The Orchard and Independent Lens acquired distribution rights of the film.
 Opera House is a 1961 Hindi film produced by A.A. Nadiadwala and directed by P.L. Santoshi. It is a murder mystery film. The film stars Ajit B. Saroja Devi K.N. Singh and Lalita Pawar among others.
 The Double Life of Véronique (French: La double vie de Véronique Polish: Podwójne życie Weroniki) is a 1991 French and Polish-language drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Irène Jacob. Written by Kieślowski and Krzysztof Piesiewicz the film explores the themes of identity love and human intuition through the characters of Weronika a Polish choir soprano and her double Véronique a French music teacher.
 Samna is a 1974 Marathi language crime drama directed by Jabbar Patel. It was entered into the 25th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Ten Wanted Men is a 1955 Western film from Columbia Pictures directed by H. Bruce Humberstone. It stars Randolph Scott Jocelyn Brando Richard Boone and Alfonso Bedoya.
 Vincent and Me (French-language title: Vincent et moi) is a 1990 Canadian fantasy film. The movie was directed by Michael Rubbo and is the 11th in the Tales for All (Contes Pour Tous) series of children's movies created by Les Productions la Fête.At the age of 114 Jeanne Calment appeared briefly in the film as herself making her the oldest film actress ever. Calment claimed to be the last living person to have met Vincent van Gogh.[citation needed]
 Squibs is a 1935 British black-and-white musical romantic comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Betty Balfour Gordon Harker and Stanley Holloway as PC Charley Lee. It was produced by Twickenham Film Studios. It was a remake of the 1921 film Squibs which also starred Balfour.
 Dances with Dragon is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Sharla Cheung.
 A Shot in the West is a 2006 low budget short film shot in the rundown council estate of Drumchapel Glasgow. The film was written directed and edited by three friends (Justin Burns Bob Kelly and John Maguire). All sound and camera equipment was borrowed from a local community group. Many interior shots were filmed at a local public house where the crew were allowed take over the function suite for two and a half days. Catering was supplied by a local bakery.
 Gesshoku (月蝕) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 The First Time (Chinese: 第一次) is a 2012 Chinese romance film written and directed by Han Yan (韓延).It is a remake of the 2003 South Korean film ...ing.
 The Silk Road (敦煌 Tonkō) aka Dun-Huang is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Junya Satō. The movie was adapted from the 1959 novel Tun-Huang by Yasushi Inoue with the backdrop of the plotline being the Mogao Caves manuscript trove. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Manna from Heaven is a 2002 film written by Gabrielle B. Burton and co-directed by her daughter Gabrielle and her sister Maria. The film won awards at four film festivals. It was actor Jerry Orbach's final film before his death from prostate cancer in 2004 and Shelley Duvall's final film before her retirement from acting in 2002.
 Titanic II is a 2010 disaster film written directed by and starring Shane Van Dyke and distributed by The Asylum. The film is not a sequel to the 1997 film by James Cameron although movie website Dread Central has suggested the film may be a mockbuster of it. It was released direct-to-TV in Australia on August 7 2010. It premiered on Syfy on Sky in the UK and Ireland on August 9. It was released on August 24 in the United States.
 Kismat Konnection (English: Fate Connection) is an Bollywood film directed by Aziz Mirza who previously directed films like Yes Boss (1997) Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani (2000) and Chalte Chalte (2003). The film stars Shahid Kapoor and Vidya Balan in the lead roles with Juhi Chawla in a supporting role. Shahrukh Khan is the narrator. Produced by Ramesh S Taurani under the banner of Tips Industries Kismat Konnection was released on 18 July 2008.
 Coolie is a 1995 Tamil language film directed and written by P. Vasu. The film features Sarathkumar and Meena in lead roles while Radharavi Raja and Kavitha Vijayakumar play supporting roles. The film opened in April 1995 but fared below critics' expectations.
 The World's Applause is a 1923 American silent film drama starring Bebe Daniels. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. William C. deMille directed the film and it was written and scripted by his wife Clara Beranger. This is now considered a lost film.
 Healthy Wealthy and Dumb is the 31st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Lord of the Flies is a 1963 British film adaptation of William Golding's novel of the same name. It was directed by Peter Brook and produced by Lewis M. Allen. The film was in production for much of 1961 though the film was not released until 1963. Golding himself supported the film. When Kenneth Tynan was a script editor for Ealing Studios he commissioned a script of Lord of the Flies from Nigel Kneale but Ealing Studios closed in 1959 before it could be produced.
 Denko is a 1993 short drama film directed by Guinean film maker Mohamed Camara. The story involves incest between a mother and son. The film won the Grand Prix at the Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival the award for Best Short film at the Fribourg International Film Festival and the Golden Danzante award at the Huesca Film Festival.
 Paradise and Back (Danish: Paradis retur) is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Poul Reichhardt.
 Concealed 360 is an interactive short film which uses 360-degree audio and visual exploration to explore how one’s personal perspective affects their interpretation of narrative. Filmed with a 360-degree camera-rig consisting of six 1080p cameras the film enables users to pan 360-degrees while taking in the action of each scene as it unfolds in order to solve the murder mystery.
 13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film by director Alexandre Rockwell. The title is a reference to the saying of a minor character's mother who suggested that if nights of the full moon are strange then this must be the night of thirteen moons.
 Tinko is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 The Midas Touch is a 1997 film directed by Peter Manoogian starring Trever O'Brien.
 Bag Kobenhavn's kulisser is a 1935 Danish film directed and written by Arne Weel.
 Rishta Kagaz Ka is a 1983 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Ajay Goel. It stars Raj Babbar and Rati Agnihotri in pivotal roles.
 Kaanchi: The Unbreakable is a romantic 2014 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced and directed by Subhash Ghai starring newcomer actress Mishti and Kartik Tiwari in lead roles supported by veteran actors Rishi Kapoor and Mithun Chakraborty.
 The Classic for Girls (simplified Chinese: 女儿经; traditional Chinese: 女兒經; pinyin: Nǔ ér jīng) is a 1934 Chinese film directed by Cheng Bugao Chen Kengran Li Pingqian Shen Xiling Xu Yinfu Yao Sufeng Zhang Shichuan and Zheng Zhengqiu.
 Fill the Void (Hebrew: למלא את החלל‎ - lemale et ha'ḥalal) is a 2012 Israeli drama film written and directed by Rama Burshtein. It focuses on life among the Haredi Jewish community in Tel Aviv Israel. Hadas Yaron stars as Shira Mendelman an 18-year-old girl who is pressured to marry her deceased older sister's husband following the death of her sister in childbirth.
 Yankee Buccaneer is a 1952 swashbuckler film starring Jeff Chandler as a US Navy officer fighting pirates.
 Ghunghat is a 1962 Pakistani musical film directed by Khurshid Anwar. The film was selected as the Pakistani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 36th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee. The film won four awards at the 1962 Nigar Awards.
 Return of the Bad Men is a 1948 American western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Randolph Scott Robert Ryan and Anne Jeffreys. The film was also released with the alternative title Return of the Badmen. It was a loose sequel to the 1946 film Badman's Territory and was followed by Best of the Badmen (1951).
 That Hagen Girl is a 1947 American drama film directed by Peter Godfrey. The screenplay by Charles Hoffman was based on the novel by Edith Kneipple Roberts. The film focuses on small town teenage girl Mary Hagen (Shirley Temple) who gossips believe is the illegitimate daughter of former resident and lawyer Tom Bates (Ronald Reagan). Lois Maxwell received a Golden Globe award for her performance.
 Periwinkle is a 1917 silent film directed by James Kirkwood. The film now believed to be lost had a generally negative reception. The New York Times called it a minor melodrama.
 Durbeen (Bengali: দূরবীন) (The Prevision) is a 2009 Bangladeshi film directed by Zafor Firoze. It is the first digital children film released in Bangladesh.
 The Evil of Frankenstein is a 1964 British Hammer Film Productions film directed by Freddie Francis. It stars Peter Cushing and New Zealand wrestler Kiwi Kingston. The film's version of the Monster is noted for resembling the one in Universal Pictures' original Frankenstein series of the 1930s and 1940s including the distinctive laboratory sets as well as the flat-headed look of Jack Pierce's monster make-up which had been designed for Boris Karloff.
 Across the Plains is a 1911 American western directed by Broncho Billy Anderson and Thomas H. Ince and starring Anderson.
 Ang Tanging Pamilya: A Marry Go Round is a 2009 Philippine comedy film produced by Star Cinema starring the Philippine's Comedy Queen Ai-Ai de las Alas and Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada. It also features the popular loveteam of Sam Milby and Toni Gonzaga and Dionisia Pacquiao's first film portrayal.
 Main Chup Rahungi (Hindi: मैं चुप रहूँगी; English: I Shall Remain Silent) is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh and produced by A.V. Meiyappan. The film stars Meena Kumari and Sunil Dutt in lead roles.
 The Forth Road Bridge is a 1965 British documentary film directed by Gordon Lang about the Forth Road Bridge. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Son of Monte Cristo is a 1940 black-and-white film produced by Edward Small directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Louis Hayward Joan Bennett and George Sanders.
 Breaking Up is a 1985 TV movie about the breakdown of a marriage seen through the eyes of a child.
 Storm Warning is a 2007 Australian horror film directed by Jamie Blanks.
 Kamay ni Cain (Hans of Cain) is a 1957 action film directed by Gerardo de León written by Cesar Amigo starring Zaldy Zshornack and Fernando Poe.
 Wee Willie Winkie is a 1937 American adventure film directed by John Ford. The screenplay by Julien Josephson and Ernest Pascal was based on a story by Rudyard Kipling. The film stars Shirley Temple Victor McLaglen and Cesar Romero in a story about the British presence in nineteenth century India. The production was filmed largely at the Iverson Movie Ranch in Chatsworth Calif. where a number of elaborate sets were built for the movie.William S. Darling and David S.
 Downhill from Here is a concert performance video by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at Alpine Valley Music Theatre near East Troy Wisconsin in July 1989. It was released by Monterey Home Video on VHS videotape in 1997 and on DVD in 1999 and has a running time of 2 hours 30 minutes. It was released on LaserDisc in 1997 by Pioneer Entertainment.Most of Downhill From Here was recorded on July 17 1989.
 V-Day: Until the Violence Stops (also known as World VDAY) is a 2003 documentary film directed by Abby Epstein. It follows events marking 2002 V-Day — a grassroots movement inspired by Eve Ensler's 1996 play The Vagina Monologues. The film focuses on V-Day activities in the United States Kenya Croatia and the Philippines.
 Pray (絶対恐怖プレイ Zettai Kyōfu Purei) is a 2005 Japanese film directed by Yuichi Sato starring Tetsuji Tamayama and Asami Mizukawa.
 Spanish Judges is 1999 direct-to-video crime drama film starring Matthew Lillard and Vincent D'Onofrio. In Australia the film was released under the title Ruthless Behaviour.
 I Met the Walrus is an animated film directed by Josh Raskin (known for his musical project Kids & Explosions) and produced by Jerry Levitan. The film stars Levitan and John Lennon. The film's pen illustration is by James Braithwaite and computer illustration is by Alex Kurina.The film is based on an interview of John Lennon by Jerry Levitan in 1969.
 Shoemaker is a Canadian drama film released in 1996. It was directed by Colleen Murphy and written by Jaan Kolk.
 Head Cases: Serial Killers in the Delaware Valley is a 2013 horror film from director Anthony Spadaccini.
 Tarzan and the Mermaids is a 1948 adventure film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. Directed by Robert Florey it was the last of the Tarzan movies to star Johnny Weissmuller in the title role.
 Simon Simon is a 1970 Sound Effect comedy short film directed by Graham Stark.
 The Misfits is a 1961 American drama film with a screenplay by Arthur Miller which was directed by John Huston. The picture stars Clark Gable Marilyn Monroe and Montgomery Clift with a supporting cast including Thelma Ritter and Eli Wallach. The Misfits was the final film appearance for both Gable and Monroe. For Gable the film was a posthumous release.
 The Fool is a 125 min. British film produced and directed by Christine Edzard in 1990 from a script by Edzard and Olivier Stockman.
 Sedona is a 2011 comedy-drama film about the experiences of an advertising executive and a lawyer in Sedona Arizona. Released theatrically in 2012 the film's cast includes Frances Fisher Seth Peterson Barry Corbin Christopher Atkins Lin Shaye and Beth Grant.
 Early Frost is a 1982 Australian thriller film starring Guy Doleman Jon Blake Diana McLean and David Franklin.
 On the Ropes is a 2011 British mockumentary film written and directed by Mark Noyce. It follows the fictional character of martial arts instructor Keith Kraft and his rivalry with boxing gym owner Big Joe played by actor and former boxer Joe Egan. The cast also includes Ben Shockley Lindsay Honey Raymond Griffiths Sean Byrne and Alex Vincent.
 Dos en el mundo is a 1966 Argentine film.
 The Amazing Catfish (Spanish: Los insólitos peces gato) is a Mexican comedy-drama film written and directed by Claudia Sainte-Luce.The film stars Ximena Ayala as Claudia a young woman who becomes a caretaker for Martha (Lisa Owen) an older matriarch dying of AIDS.The film premiered on August 10 2013 at the Locarno International Film Festival where it won two Junior Jury Awards and was a nominee for the Golden Leopard.
 The Glory Guys is a 1965 motion picture based on the novel The Dice of God by Hoffman Birney. Filmed by Levy-Gardner-Laven and released by United Artists it stars Tom Tryon Harve Presnell Senta Berger James Caan and Michael Anderson Jr. The film's screenplay was written by Sam Peckinpah long before the 1965 film was made. The director was Arnold Laven.
 The Lucky One is a 2012 romantic drama film directed by Scott Hicks and released April 2012. It is an adaptation of the 2008 novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks.The film stars Zac Efron as Logan Thibault a U.S. Marine who finds a photograph of a smiling young woman while serving in Iraq carries it around as a good luck charm and later tracks down the woman with whom he begins a relationship.
 Din of Celestial Birds is a 2006. American experimental short film written produced and directed by E. Elias Merhige in cooperation with the Q6 production group a collective of philosophers and artists.The film deals with the concept of evolution as well as the birth of consciousness. It is the second of an unofficial trilogy of experimental films the preceding film being Begotten (1991.) which deals with the Genesis creation narrative.
 Uchithanai Muharnthaal or Uchithanai Mukarnthal is a 2011 Tamil drama film directed by Pugazendhi Thangaraj and assisted by Prashanth Ramamurthy. The film's plot revolves around a 13-year old Sri Lankan Tamil girl portrayed by child actress Neenika. The film also stars Sathyaraj Seeman and Sangeetha while featuring music scored by D. Imman. The film released in December 2011.
 Once Upon a Time in China III is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark and starring Jet Li returning as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung. It is the third installment in the Once Upon a Time in China film series.
 Out of Step is a 2002 film about an LDS young woman from Utah who moves to New York New York to pursue an education in dance at New York University. There she receives the affections of two young men and must eventually chose between them.
 Thuldai (Nepali: ठुल्दै translation: Big Brother) is a 1999 Nepali film directed by Dayaram Dahal and features music by Shambhujeet Baskota. The film has a star cast that includes Jal Shah Shiv Shrestha Niruta Singh and Sunil Thapa.
 Andhera (The Darkness) is a 1975 Bollywood horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay with help of Sushrutha Reddy.
 Alicia en el país de las maravillas (English:Alice in Wonderland) is an Argentinian 1976 Spanish language adaptation of Alice in Wonderland.
 Fidel is a 2009 Filipino indie film directed by Mark Shandii Bacolod and produced and written by Charlotte Dianco.The film is a depiction of a true-to-life story that revolves around a person named Fidel an Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) working at Dubai who is in death row for killing his Arab male employer for sexually harassing him.
 Heartbreak Hotel is a 1988 American comedy film written and directed by Chris Columbus and starring David Keith and Tuesday Weld. Set in 1972 the story deals with one of the many legends involving Elvis Presley (Keith) about his fictional kidnapping and his subsequent redemption from decadence.The film was shot on location in Austin Texas at Green Pastures the former residence of John Henry Faulk.
 The Wizard of Gore is a 1970 splatter film written by Allen Kahn and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. The 1970 film was one of the first to feature realistic deaths in the gory scenes. It stars Ray Sager and Judy Cler.
 Bahaar is a 1988 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Suraj Prakash starring Raj Kiran and Rupini in lead roles.
 The Masked Woman is a lost 1927 silent film melodrama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. Filmed in France it was the last screenwriting effort of famed June Mathis who died in 1927 and was directed by her husband Silvano Balboni usually a cinematographer. Anna Q. Nilsson Holbrook Blinn and serial veteran Ruth Roland star.
 Money Mad (1934) is a British drama film directed by Frank Richardson and starring Virginia Cherrill Garry Marsh and Peter Gawthorne.
 Over the Odds is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Michael Forlong and starring Marjorie Rhodes Glenn Melvyn Cyril Smith Esma Cannon and Thora Hird and Wilfrid Lawson. A bookmaker struggles to cope with his two mother-in-laws. It was based on a play by Rex Arundel
 A Strange Course of Events is a 2013 French-Israeli drama film directed by Raphaël Nadjari. It was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kireedam (Tamil: கிரீடம் English: The Crown) is a 2007 Tamil film directed by A. L. Vijay who made his directorial debut with the film. The film was a reworked version of Sibi Malayil's 1989 Malayalam classic film Kireedam starring Mohanlal with Na. Muthukumar assisting with writing the dialogues. The film starred Ajith Kumar in the lead role with Trisha Krishnan and Rajkiran in other pivotal roles while Vivek Saranya Cochin Haneefa and Santhanam appear in supporting roles.
 Up Pops the Devil (1931) is a film about an advertising man (Norman Foster) who quits his job to become a novelist upsetting his wife (Carole Lombard) and straining their marriage. The film was directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures.
 Secrets of the Orient (German:Geheimnisse des Orients) is a 1928 French-German silent drama film directed by Alexandre Volkoff and starring Nicolas Koline Iván Petrovich and Dimitri Dimitriev.
 Joy of Living is a 1938 film starring Irene Dunne and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. with supporting performances from Alice Brady Guy Kibbee Jean Dixon Eric Blore and Lucille Ball. It features the hit song You Couldn't Be Cuter written by Jerome Kern and Dorothy Fields.
 The Sealed Room is an eleven minute film released in 1909. Directed by D.W. Griffith the film's cast included Arthur V. Johnson Marion Leonard Henry B. Walthall Mary Pickford and Mack Sennett. The film was also known as The Sealed Door.
 Handle with Care is a 1977 comedy movie set in a small town in Nebraska and loosely based on the wide popularity of citizens' band radio usually called CB at the time. It was directed by Jonathan Demme.The movie was originally released as Citizens Band was later released in an edited version as Handle With Care.In the film all of the cast of characters are known by their CB handles (nicknames).A paperback novelization of the film written by E.M.
 Flowery Brothers (花の兄弟 Hana no Kyōdai) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Misumi.
 The Three Best Things in Life (Dutch: De Drie Beste Dingen in het Leven) is a 1992 Dutch comedy film directed by Ger Poppelaars. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Eulis Atjih is a 1927 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia); it was the second feature film produced in the country after Loetoeng Kasaroeng in 1926. The silent film follows the lives of a native Indonesian family sent into poverty by the husband's splurging. Eulis Atjih was a commercial success in the Indies but failed in international markets.
 Sabash Babu is a Tamil film released in 1993 produced by T. Rajendar and directed by Sasi Mohan. Rajender himself appears in a major role with his son Silambarasan appearing in the title role as a child artiste. Heera Rajgopal also features whilst the film featured an extensive cast which also featured Rajendar's other children along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film released in diwali 1993. The music and lyrics by T. Rajendar.
 Stop Genocide is a 1971 documentary film by eminent Bangladeshi filmmaker Zahir Raihan. It is a 20-minute film that documents the killings and atrocities carried out by the Pakistan Army on the people of the then East Pakistan. It also depicts the plight of the refugees and the activities of the Government in exile.Raihan made his debut in making of documentary films by Stop Genocide.Raihan started planning for this documentary around April–May in 1971 and soon started making it.
 The Sorcerer's Apprentice (1955) is a short film made by Michael Powell for Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) West German television.It is the Goethe story made famous by Walt Disney's animated film Fantasia where Mickey Mouse runs amok as the Sorcerer's Apprentice. But here it is presented as a ballet performed by the Frankfurt Opera with Sonia Arova as the solo dancer. There are other character dancers appearing as various items and creatures and of course the Sorcerer himself.
 Brought by the Sea (Turkish: Denizden Gelen) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Nesli Çölgeçen about an ex-cop who accidentally kills an African immigrant and retreats with a guilty conscience back to his hometown. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on April 16 2010 (2010-04-16) has been shown at International film festivals in Istanbul Moscow and Adana where it won the Grand Jury Yılmaz Güney Best Picture prize.
 Bhajarangi (Kannada: ಭಜರಂಗಿ) is a Kannada-language Indian film starring Shivrajkumar and Aindrita Ray in the lead roles. Directed by choreographer-turned-director Harsha the movie released 12 December 2013.
 In the Family (Portuguese: Em Família) is a 1971 Portuguese drama film directed by Paulo Porto. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 Jubilee Bunt-a-thon is a 2012 animated short film directed by Nick Park which stars his characters Wallace and Gromit.It was created in association with the National Trust to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.
 71: Into the Fire (Korean: 포화 속으로) is a 2010 South Korean war drama film directed by Lee Jae-han. The film was made in commemoration of those who fought during the Korean War to raise awareness of the existence and importance of the student-soldiers during that period.
 Waterworld is a 1995 American post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Kevin Reynolds and co-written by Peter Rader and David Twohy. It was based on Rader's original 1986 screenplay and stars Kevin Costner who also produced it with Charles Gordon and John Davis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.The setting of the film is the distant future. Although no exact date was given in the film itself it has been suggested that it takes place in 2500.
 Inventing the Abbotts is a 1997 coming-of-age film directed by Pat O'Connor starring Liv Tyler Joaquin Phoenix Billy Crudup Jennifer Connelly as well as Joanna Going. The screenplay by Ken Hixon is based on a short story by Sue Miller. The original music score was composed by Michael Kamen.
 The Glass Mountain is a black and white British romantic film drama released in 1949. It starred Michael Denison Dulcie Gray and Valentina Cortese. The film was a popular success of it's day and was re-released in the UK in 1950 and 1953. It features acclaimed classical vocalist Tito Gobbi as himself with the orchestra and chorus of the Venice Opera House. The theme music by Nino Rota is memorable and was also a contemporary hit.
 The Milk of Sorrow (Spanish: La Teta Asustada The frightened teat) is a 2009 film by Peruvian director Claudia Llosa and co-produced by Peru and Spain. The film stars Magaly Solier and addresses the fears of abused women during Peru's recent history. It won the 2009 Golden Bear award and FIPRESCI prize at the Berlin International Film Festival as well as the award for best movie in the 24 Festival Internacional de Cine de Guadalajara in Mexico.
 Sundara Travels is 2002 Tamil comedy film. It is the remake of the Malayalam movie Ee Parakkum Thalika.
 Fast Company is a 1953 comedy film directed by American filmmaker John Sturges.
 Elmer Gantry is a 1960 drama film about a con man and a female evangelist selling religion to small town America.
 Rocky Road to Dublin is a 1967 documentary film by Irish-born journalist Peter Lennon and French cinematographer Raoul Coutard examining the contemporary state of the Republic of Ireland posing the question what do you do with your revolution once you've got it? It argues that Ireland was dominated by cultural isolationism Gaelic and clerical traditionalism at the time of its making.
 Suren Suror Putek (Assamese: চুৰেণ চোৰৰ পুতেক) is an Assamese language commercial movie directed by Chandra Mudoi. The title role is played by Jatin Bora. This is the first Assamese film to highlight the art of magic and the talented magicians of the state.
 Aasai Mugam is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran. The film was released in 1965.
 Heist is a 2001 crime film written and directed by David Mamet which stars Gene Hackman Danny DeVito and Delroy Lindo with Rebecca Pidgeon Ricky Jay and Sam Rockwell in supporting roles.
 The Stone Angel is a 2007 Canadian drama film written and directed by Kari Skogland. The screenplay is based on the 1964 novel of the same title by Margaret Laurence.
 Ring of Fire is a 1991 documentary film in IMAX format. It looks at some of the varieties of volcanism and earthquake activity in the Ring of Fire around the Pacific Rim. The film runs 40 minutes. The film was jointly presented by the Fort Worth Museum of Science and History in Fort Worth Texas the Science Museum of Minnesota in Saint Paul Minnesota and the Reuben H.
 Billion Dollar Brain is a 1967 British espionage film directed by Ken Russell and based on the novel Billion-Dollar Brain by Len Deighton. The film features Michael Caine as secret agent Harry Palmer the anti-hero protagonist of the film versions of The IPCRESS File (1965) and Funeral in Berlin (1966).
 Charlie Chan in Panama is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler.
 40 Pounds of Trouble is a 1962 film directed by Norman Jewison that marks his directorial debut. The film was shot on location at Disneyland and Lake Tahoe. It is a retelling of Damon Runyon's story Little Miss Marker.
 The Panman: Rhythm of the Palms is a 2007 film that tells the story of the rise and fall of the steel drum pan player Harry Daniel. Daniel is an icon of the Caribbean whose personal life suffers when he places his music above his family. For he is desperate to pass the pan culture to a younger generation. During this crusade to keep the music alive on his beloved island of St Martin he meets the exceptionally talented Jacko who becomes his star apprentice and hope for the future.
 Shukriya: Till Death Do Us Apart is a 2004 film directed by Anupam Sinha starring Anupam Kher Aftab Shivdasani Shriya Saran and Indraneil Sengupta. It is based on the film Meet Joe Black starring Brad Pitt.
 All Together (French: Et si on vivait tous ensemble? literally What If We All Lived Together?) is a 2011 French-German comedy film written and directed by Stéphane Robelin and starring Jane Fonda and Geraldine Chaplin as participants of an alternate living experiment that is observed by a graduate student played by Daniel Brühl.
 Troy is a 2004 British-Maltese epic war film written by David Benioff and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is based on Homer's Iliad which revolves from the beginning and to the end of the 10 year Trojan War. Achilles leading his Myrmidons along with the rest of the Greek army invading the historical city of Troy lead by Hector's Trojan army.
 Escape to Witch Mountain is a 1975 film based on the novel Escape to Witch Mountain by Alexander Key. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions released by Buena Vista Distribution Company and directed by John Hough.
 The Greatest Store in the World is a book by Alex Shearer and later made into a telemovie which was broadcast on 24 December 1999. The TV movie is usually shown a few times at Christmas on CBBC.
 Minor Mishaps is a Danish film made in 2002. It won a number of awards and nominations including the Blue Angel at the 2002 Berlin International Film Festival for director Annette K. Olesen and a nomination for European Discovery of the Year at the European Film Awards. The film is set in Amager in Denmark.
 Married Life is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Georges Tréville and starring Gerald McCarthy Peggy Hathaway and Roger Tréville. It was based on a play by J.B. Buckstone.
 A Love Song for Bobby Long is a 2004 American drama film written and directed by Shainee Gabel. The screenplay is based on the novel Off Magazine Street by Ronald Everett Capps.
 Eating Out 3: All You Can Eat is the 2009 sequel to Eating Out and Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds; the only character to return from both films is Tiffani and Aunt Helen from the second film.
 False Paradise is a 1948 American film starring William Boyd as western character Hopalong Cassidy.
 Relatives (Hungarian: Rokonok) is a 2006 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szabó. It was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Hell's Horizon is a 1955 drama film directed by Tom Gries using a large amount of stock footage. It stars John Ireland and Marla English. The story concerns the crew and mission of a B-26 Marauder bomber when in reality there were no Marauders in Korea only A-26 Invaders.
 Vardi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Umesh Mehra. It stars Dharmendra Sunny Deol Jackie Shroff Kimi Katkar and Madhuri Dixit.
 The Bible: Joseph is a German/Italian/American television movie from 1995 which tells the story of Joseph from the Old Testament. It aired on TNT and was filmed in Morocco.
 Career Girls is a 1997 British dramatic comedy film by Mike Leigh which tells the story of two women who reunite after six years apart. The film stars Katrin Cartlidge and Lynda Steadman. The women were originally thrown together when they shared a flat while at university and the film focuses on their interpersonal relationship.(The film is not related to Louise Bagshawe's 1995 novel of the same name.)
 The Sinking of the Laconia is a two-part TV film first aired on 6 and 7 January 2011 on BBC Two about the Laconia incident; the sinking of the British ocean liner RMS Laconia during World War II by a German U-boat which then together with three other U-boats and an Italian submarine rescued the passengers but was in turn attacked by an American bomber.The film is a British-German co-production written by Alan Bleasdale directed by Uwe Janson and with Andrew Buchan Brian Cox Ken Duken Morven Christie Lindsay Duncan Thomas Kretschmann and Franka Potente in the leading roles.
 Canto de amor is a 1940 Argentine film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.
 Netru Indru (English: Yesterday Today) is an upcoming Tamil action adventure comedy film. Prasanna and Vimal along with Richard Rishi and Bharani of Naadodigal fame will play lead roles. To be directed by Padmamagan a filmmaker who earlier directed Pallavan and R. Parthiban starrer Ammuvagiya Naan the film has Veluthu Kattu girl Arundhati and Nandhagi of Aval Peyar Thamizharasi fame as the leading ladies.
 Witches of the Caribbean is a horror movie released in 2005 directed by David DeCoteau.
 One Night the Moon is a 2001 Australian musical non-feature film starring husband and wife team Paul Kelly a singer-songwriter and Kaarin Fairfax a film and television actress and their daughter Memphis Kelly. Directed by Rachel Perkins and written by Perkins with John Romeril it was filmed on Andyamathanha land in the Flinders Ranges South Australia for six weeks in early 2000.
 Free Ride is a 1986 comedy film by Moustapha Akkad. Cast includes Mamie Van Doren Peter DeLuise Frank Campanella and Sasha Jenson. Seen on USA Up All Night.
 Lady Chatterley's Lover is a 1981 film directed by Just Jaeckin and starring Sylvia Kristel and Nicholas Clay.
 A Love Sublime (also known as Orpheus) is a 1917 drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 Valentino: The Last Emperor is a documentary film about the life of Valentino Garavani. It was produced and directed by Matt Tyrnauer Special Correspondent for Vanity Fair magazine. The film is an exploration of the singular world of one of Italy's most famous men Valentino Garavani. The film documents the colorful and dramatic closing act of Valentino's celebrated career tells the story of his life and explores the larger themes affecting the fashion business today.
 The Painter (Swedish: Målaren) is a 1982 Swedish documentary film directed by Göran du Rées and Christina Olofson. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 San Antonio Rose is a 1941 American black-and-white musical film starring Jane Frazee and featuring Lon Chaney Jr. and Shemp Howard as a faux Abbott and Costello; it was also designed as a showcase for the then-popular vocal group The Merry Macs. The plot involves two rival groups of entertainers converging on an abandoned roadhouse with the intent to reopen it unaware that a gangster is eyeing the property for his own scheme.
 Hi Honey – I'm Dead is a 1991 Fox Network made-for-TV film starring Curtis Armstrong and Catherine Hicks.
 Rezerwat is a 2008 award-winning Polish film. It is director Łukasz Palkowski's first film.
 Moyuru ōzora (燃ゆる大空) is a 1940 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Yutaka Abe.Moyuru ōzora is a war film.Special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya.Song: Ichiro Fujiyama.↑ 1.0 1.1
 Ask Any Girl is a 1959 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer romantic comedy film starring David Niven Shirley MacLaine and Gig Young.
 Bigger Stronger Faster* is a 2008 documentary film directed by Christopher Bell about the use of anabolic steroids as performance-enhancing drugs in the United States and how this practice relates to the American Dream. The film had its world premiere on January 19 2008 at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. The film was shown at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2008 and opened in limited release in the United States on May 30 2008.
 Assault! Jack the Ripper (暴行切り裂きジャック Bōkō Kirisaki Jakku) is a 1976 Japanese film in the Nikkatsu's Roman porno series (Violent Pink genre). It was directed by Yasuharu Hasebe and has in the lead roles Tamaki Katsura and Yutaka Hayashi.
 Temporary Paradise (Hungarian: Ideiglenes paradicsom) is a 1981 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Silver Prize.
 The Goddess (Chinese: 神女; pinyin: Shénnǚ) is a 1934 Chinese silent film released by the United Photoplay Service. It starred Ruan Lingyu in one of her final roles and was directed by Wu Yonggang. Today The Goddess is one of the best known films of China's cinematic golden age and has been named by director Chen Kaige as his favorite film of the 1930s.
 Kodiyettam (Malayalam: കൊടിയേറ്റം English: Ascent) is a 1977 Indian feature film production written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan. It is in Malayalam. The film notably does not feature any kind of film score.
 Meet the Feebles is a 1989 New Zealand black comedy film directed by Peter Jackson and written by Jackson Fran Walsh Stephen Sinclair and Danny Mulheron. It features Jim Henson-esque puppets in a perverse comic satire.Like Henson's Muppets the Feebles are animal-figured puppets (plus some people in suits) who are members of a stage troupe.
 For the 2007 remake of the same name see Hairspray (2007 film)Hairspray is a 1988 American romantic musical comedy film written and directed by John Waters and starring Ricki Lake Divine (in his final film role) Debbie Harry Sonny Bono Jerry Stiller Leslie Ann Powers Colleen Fitzpatrick and Michael St. Gerard. Hairspray was a dramatic departure from Waters' earlier works with a much broader intended audience.
 Puff Puff Pass is a 2006 comedic crime film also known as Living High directed by Mekhi Phifer.
 Generation P (Russian: Generation П) is an award-winning independent Russian film written and directed by Victor Ginzburg and based on Victor Pelevin’s iconic 1999 novel of the same name.
 Coco Before Chanel (original title Coco avant Chanel) is a 2009 French film about the early life of famed French fashion designer Coco Chanel. French actor Audrey Tautou stars as Chanel. Coco avant Chanel was directed and co-written by actor turned director Anne Fontaine.The film was first released in April 2009 in France. As of 21 December that year it had grossed $43832376 worldwide.
 It Happened Thus is a 1912 American silent short romantic drama starring Charlotte Burton and Owen Moore.
 Orissa is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by M. Padmakumar. While Unni Mukundan and Sanika Nambiar appear on screen as the lead pair Kaniha and Tanusree Ghosh also play key characters in the film. Made under the banner of Heera Films Orissa is the story of a girl called Suneyi — played by Sanika Nambiar — her trials and tribulations. G.S. Anil has scripted the film that has been shot by Vinod Illambally. Music has been composed by Ratheesh Vega. The film released on 17 May 2013.
 Senthatti Kaalai Sevatha Kaalai is an upcoming Tamil film written directed and produced by Saran. The film features Vinay in dual lead roles alongside three newcomer lead heroines while the director's regular composer Bharathwaj scores the music.
 Blighty is a 1927 British World War I silent drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ellaline Terriss Lillian Hall-Davis and Jameson Thomas. The film was a Gainsborough Pictures production with screenplay by Eliot Stannard from a story by Ivor Montagu.
 The Man the Woman and the Money (Italian: Oggi domani dopodomani) is a 1965 Italian comedy film in three segments directed by Eduardo De Filippo Marco Ferreri and Luciano Salce.It stars Marcello Mastroianni Virna Lisi Catherine Spaak Pamela Tiffin and Luciano Salce. The literal translation of the Italian title is Today Tomorrow and The day after tomorrow
 Alvorada is a 1962 West German documentary film directed by Hugo Niebeling. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
 Bavuttiyude Namathil (English:In the name of Bavutty) is a 2012 Malayalam drama film produced and written by Ranjith directed by G. S. Vijayan and starring Mammootty Kavya Madhavan Shankar Ramakrishnan Kaniha Rima Kallingal and Vineeth. The film was earlier titled as Malabar. G. S. Vijayan returned to directing after a hiatus of 12 years to create Bavuttiyude Namathil. The film was released on December 21 2012.
 Beale Street Mama is a 1946 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams and distributed by Sack Amusement Enterprises. The film is set in Memphis Tennessee and focuses on a street sweeper who comes upon a large parcel of money. He uses the newly acquired wealth to go on a spending spree with the hope of getting back at an old girlfriend who dumped him for another man.
 The Ceremony (儀式 Gishiki) is a 1971 film directed by Nagisa Oshima starring Kenzo Kawarasaki and Atsuko Kaku. The film takes place in postwar Japan following a Japanese clan through their wedding and funeral ceremonies and the lengths the family goes to preserve their traditions in spite of the damage it causes to the younger generations.
 Vanakkatukuriya Kathaliye is a 1978 Tamil film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar. It starred Sridevi in dual roles. She acted as the girlfriend of Rajinikanth. The film also has Vijayakumar Jaiganesh and Jayachitra.
 Sesame Street Presents: Follow That Bird (commonly shortened to Follow That Bird) is a 1985 American musical comedy adventure road movie directed by Ken Kwapis starring many Sesame Street characters (both puppets and live actors). This was the first of two Sesame Street feature films followed in 1999 by The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland. The film was produced by the Children's Television Workshop and Warner Bros.
 Rikidōzan (Hangul: 역도산; RR: Yeokdosan) is a 2004 South Korean-Japanese film written and directed by Song Hae-sung. The film is based on the life of Rikidōzan a legendary ethnic Korean professional wrestler who became a national hero in Japan in the 1950s. It stars Sol Kyung-gu in the titular role with Miki Nakatani Tatsuya Fuji and actual Japanese wrestlers Keiji Mutoh and Masakatsu Funaki in the cast.
 L'Atalante (also released as Le Chaland qui passe) is a 1934 French film written and directed by Jean Vigo and starring Michel Simon Dita Parlo and Jean Dasté. In the film Dasté plays a captain who honeymoons with his new wife Parlo on a canal barge with the ship's first mate Père Jules (Michel Simon) and the cabin boy (Louis Lefebvre).
 Crime and Punishment U.S.A. (1959) is an American feature film directed by Denis Sanders and is— as the New York Times put it “a beat generation version” —of the novel Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.The film was released on November 1 1959 is 96 minutes in length and shot in black-and-white. In addition to making some changes in the plot and characterizations it sets the tale not in 19th-century Russia but in mid-20th-century Los Angeles.
 Angels with Broken Wings is a 1941 American film starring Jane Frazee.
 Paan Singh Tomar is a 2010 Indian biographical film based on the true story of an athlete Paan Singh Tomar employed by the Indian Army and who won a gold medal at Indian National Games but was forced to become a notorious bandit. It is directed by Tigmanshu Dhulia and produced by UTV Motion Pictures.
 Johnny Tsunami is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie. It was nominated in 2000 for the Humanitas Prize as Children's Live-Action Category. Johnny Tsunami is the predecessor to Johnny Kapahala: Back on Board released in June 2007. The film focuses on a young surfer from Hawaii who must adapt to new challenges when his father's job forces the family to move to Vermont.
 Runway Beat (ランウェイ☆ビート  Ranwei bito) is a 2011 Japanese drama film. This film is based on a Japanese cellphone novel of the same name by Maha Harada. Directed by Kentaro Otani this film stars actor Koji Seto and actresses Nanami Sakuraba and Mirei Kiritani. Runway Beat revolves around the theme of fashion and it tells the story of five teenagers who organized a fashion show.Runway Beat was first released in the Japanese box office on 19 March 2011.
 Space Invasion of Lapland (Rymdinvasion i Lappland) is a Swedish / American black-and-white science fiction/horror movie from 1959 by the American director Virgil W. Vogel and the film is partly in English.The film is known by many different English titles: Horror in the Midnight Sun or Terror in the Midnight Sun or Invasion of the Animal People. In the American distribution Jerry Warren added some scenes of his own to the film.
 Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold (Italian: La vendetta è un piatto che si serve freddo) also known as Death's Dealer is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Pasquale Squitieri and starring Klaus Kinski.
 The Guard is the world's first film with a single actor in the star cast. Released in December 2001 the Indian Malayalam feature film has Kalabhavan Mani the only actor on screen playing the role of a forest guard in a lonely isolated dense forest.
 American Yakuza is a 1993 American action film written by Takashige Ichise with a screenplay by John Allen Nelson and Max Strom and directed by Frank Cappello for First Look International. Starring Viggo Mortensen and Ryo Ishibashi the film had its theatrical release in Japan in December 1993 followed by theatrical release in South Korea in 1994. The film had its video premiere in the United States in 1995 and its DVD premiere in Russia in 2002.
 Soundless Wind Chime (Chinese: 無聲風鈴; pinyin: Wúshēng fēng líng) is a 2009 independent film directed by Hung Wing Kit (Chinese: 洪榮杰) starring Lu Yu Lai and Bernhard Bulling. It was a 2009 Nominee for the Berlin International Film Festival's Teddy Award.
 A Ring of Endless Light is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie based on the Madeleine L'Engle book of the same name filmed on location in Australia and starring Mischa Barton in the main lead role. It is one of two Disney adaptations of novels by Madeleine L'Engle the other being A Wrinkle in Time. In the U.S. it was aired on August 23 2002.
 Moondravadhu Kann (English: Third Eye) is a 1993 Tamil thriller film directed by Manivannan. The film features Sarath Kumar Nizhalgal Ravi Raja and Monisha in lead roles. The film produced by M. Rajarathinam had musical score by Deva and was released on 18 September 1993.
 Boynton Beach Club is a 2005 film directed by Susan Seidelman produced by her and her mother Florence. Based on experiences of Florence and her widowed friend David Cramer at an adult enclave in Boynton Beach (a city in Palm Beach County Florida) the film was scripted by Susan Seidelman and Coral Gables Florida writer Shelly Gitlow.
 The Red Terror (original title in German: GPU) is a 1942 German anti-communist propaganda film directed by Karl Ritter.Released after the breakdown of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact it is noteworthy for the crude heavy-handed depiction of Communists.
 His Majesty the Scarecrow of Oz is a 1914 film directed by J. Farrell MacDonald and written and produced by L. Frank Baum. It stars Violet MacMillan Frank Moore Vivian Reed Todd Wright Pierre Couderc and Fred Woodward.The film had a troubled distribution history; it opened on October 14 1914 to little success though it was received as well above average fare by critics of the time. Early in 1915 it was reissued under the title The New Wizard of Oz and was slightly more successful.
 Beah: A Black Woman Speaks is a 2003 documentary about the life of Academy Award nominated actress Beah Richards. Directed by Lisa Gay Hamilton it won the Documentary Award at the AFI Los Angeles International Film Festival in 2003.
 Crying...Silicon Tears (Orig. To Klama vgike apo ton paradeiso) is a 2001 Greek language film directed by Thanasis Papathanasiou and Michalis Reppas.
 Barking Water is a 2009 independent feature film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo that premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and stars Richard Ray Whitman Casey Camp-Horinek Jon Proudstar Aaron Riggs Laura Spencer Quese iMC Ryan Red Corn and Beau Harjo.The film was shot in Oklahoma in the Summer of 2008 and is Harjo's second feature film. The film won awards for Best Film and Best Actress at the 2009 American Indian Film Festival.
 Payback is a 2012 documentary film from Jennifer Baichwal based on Margaret Atwood's Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth which investigates the concept of debt in societies across the world (and not only on a monetary level).As a Canadian Baichwal was quite familiar with Atwood's reputation:Her books are almost required reading if you grow up in Canada. I was almost nervous about meeting her because she’s so intelligent and articulate but she puts you so much at ease.
 Modern Boy (Hangul: 모던 보이; RR: Modeon Boi) is a 2008 South Korean film.
 Akai Ito (赤い糸 ) also known under the English title Threads of Destiny is a 2008 Japanese film. It is based on the popular cellphone novel written by Mei and is released at the same time with the television series of the same name.
 Sutta Kadhai (English: Stolen Story) is a 2013 Tamil dark comedy film written and directed by Subu a new director. It stars Balaji Venky Dongli Nassar Lakshmi Priyaa and M. S. Bhaskar. The plot revolves around two police constables who try to solve a murder case in a village.Ravinder Chandrashekar of Libra Productions produced the film. The cinematography was handled by Nizar. Sathish took charge of choreography while Suriya was the editor.
 The Answer Man (previously titled The Dream of the Romans and Arlen Faber) is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by John Hindman with a cast headed by Jeff Daniels Lauren Graham and Lou Taylor Pucci. Filming began on March 23 2008 in Philadelphia and ended in June 2008. The film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.
 Seclusion Near a Forest (Czech: Na samotě u lesa) is a 1976 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. Filming took place near Radešice (the summerhouse scenes) and in Svatý Jan (the funeral and the bar fight).
 Khamoshi: The Musical (Hindi: ख़ामोशी; English: Silence) is a critically acclaimed Indian Hindi musical drama film which was released on 9 August 1996. The film starred Nana Patekar Manisha Koirala Salman Khan Seema Biswas and Helen and marked Sanjay Leela Bhansali's directorial debut. The film won several awards but flopped at the box office grossing 77.5 million (US$1.3 million) in India.
 Mendiants et orgueilleux is a 1971 French film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 The First Basket is a 2008 documentary film on professional basketball's influence on Jewish culture. It is narrated by Peter Riegert. The film includes interviews and narratives provided by and footage of well known Jewish basketball personalities including Ossie Schectman Red Auerbach Sidney Hertzberg and Edward Gottlieb as well as other Jewish basketball players.
 Penelope is a 2006 fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Mark Palansky which was first released in 2006 and stars Christina Ricci James McAvoy Catherine O'Hara Peter Dinklage Richard E. Grant and Reese Witherspoon.
 Children of War is a feature-length documentary film directed by Bryan Single and released in 2010.
 The Circuit 2: The Final Punch is a martial arts film starring Olivier Gruner and is the sequel of The Circuit.
 Spanish Eyes is a 1930 British musical film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Anthony Ireland Donald Calthrop and Dennis Noble. It had a gypsy theme and was made at Twickenham Studios in West London.
 Anjalika අංජලික is a 2006 Sinhala romance film written by mahesh Rathsara and directed by Channa. The film features Channa Perera Pooja and Anarkali in the leading roles while Rex Kodipilli Narada Bakmeewewa Maureen Charuni and Sanath Gunatilaka also play key supporting roles. Produced by Malith Palliyaguruge the film had music scored by Rohana Weerasinghe. It released in June 2006 to good reviews and good box office collections.
 Koizora (恋空 Koizora lit: Sky of Love) is a 2007 film based on a cell phone novel of the same name. The film is directed by Natsuki Imai and it stars Yui Aragaki and Haruma Miura.Koizora debuted at the Japanese box office on 3 November 2007. It grossed a total of US$36684020 in both Japanese and international box offices.
 A Dirty Carnival (Hangul: 비열한 거리; RR: Biyeolhan geori) is a South Korean neo-noir mob film directed by Yoo Ha. It is Yoo Ha's fourth feature film his previous work being the 2004 drama Once Upon a Time in High School.
 4CHOSEN: The Documentary is a 2008 documentary film narrated by Montel Williams. It was written and directed by Jon Doscher and produced by Doscher and Fran Ganguzza.The film is about the aftermath of an incident that occurred April 23 1998 on the New Jersey Turnpike. Four young men from New York were traveling on the turnpike on their way to a basketball talent showcase in North Carolina when they were pulled over by two state troopers and shot at thirteen times.
 The Secret Invasion is a 1964 Eastmancolor war film directed by Roger Corman that was filmed in Yugoslavia. In World War II convicts are recruited by the Allies for an extremely hazardous mission.
 The Iron Ladies (Thai: สตรีเหล็ก or Satree lek) is a Thai comedy film from the year 2000. The movie follows the true events of a men's volleyball team composed mainly of gay and kathoey (transgender) athletes. The movie was directed by Youngyooth Thongkonthun and written by Visuttchai Boonyakarnjawa and Jira Maligool.In 2003 the combined sequel and prequel called The Iron Ladies 2 (Satree lek 2) [1] was released.
 Zazel: The Scent of Love is a highly regarded American hardcore pornographic film photographed in October 1995 and released the following year. The film was produced by Cal Vista Studios—reportedly made at a cost of $237000—and was directed by Dutch erotic photographer and filmmaker Philip Mond who also did the camera work and designed the costumes and special make-up.
 The River House Mystery is a 1935 British film directed by Fraser Foulsham. The second film of Bernard Lee it also stars G. H. Mulcaster Ena Moon and A. B. Imeson.
 I Zombie: The Chronicles of Pain is a film which was released by Fangoria Films in 1998; it was written directed produced and scored by Andrew Parkinson. It tells the story of a young man who gets infected by being bitten by a zombie and gradually starts turning into one himself.
 Ouw Peh Tjoa (Hokkien for Black and White Snakes) also known by the Malay-language title Doea Siloeman Oeler Poeti en Item (meaning Two Snakes One White and One Black) is a 1934 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). It was directed and produced by The Teng Chun. Adapted from Legend of the White Snake a Chinese folktale it follows a magical snake who passes as a human but ultimately dies.
 Krull is a 1983 British-American heroic fantasy-science fiction film directed by Peter Yates and starring Ken Marshall and Lysette Anthony. It was produced by Ron Silverman and released by Columbia Pictures.The film includes early screen roles for actors Liam Neeson and Robbie Coltrane.
 Catacombs is a 1988 horror film about a haunted monastery. The film is produced for Empire Pictures directed by David Schmoeller and stars Tim Van Patten.
 Doctor Strange: The Sorcerer Supreme is a direct-to-DVD & BD animated movie based on the Marvel Comics character Doctor Strange. The film was released August 14 2007 and had its American broadcast premiere on Cartoon Network November 1 2008.This is the fourth animated film produced by Lionsgate based on Marvel Comics characters following Ultimate Avengers Ultimate Avengers 2 and The Invincible Iron Man.
 Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American thriller film directed by F. Gary Gray from a screenplay written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler. The film takes place in Philadelphia and tells the story of a man driven to commit multiple murders while targeting not only his family's killer but also a corrupt criminal justice system.
 LD 50 Lethal Dose (aka Lethal Dose or LD50) is a 2003 horror film directed by Simon De Selva produced by Alistair MacLean-Clark and Basil Stephens and written by Matthew McGuchan. A group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal but their rescue mission turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents. Starring Tom Hardy Katharine Towne and Melanie Brown.
 Ils étaient cinq is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Jack Pinoteau written by Roland Laudenbach starring Marcel André and Louis de Funès. In German-speaking it is known as Treffpunkt Paris (Meeting point Paris).
 The Night of the Witches aka Night of the Sorcerers (Spanish: La Noche de los Brujos) was a 1973 horror film which starred Maria Kosti Loli Tovar aka Maria Dolores del Loreto Tovar Barbara King Kali Hansa aka Marisol Hernandez Jack Taylor Simon Andreau and Joseph Thelman. Written and directed by Amando de Ossorio the premise of the movie is that a group of African explorers run afoul of a native cult.
 Code Name Melville (original French title: Sous le nom de Melville) is a feature length documentary about Jean-Pierre Melville directed by Olivier Bohler and produced by Raphaël Millet for Nocturnes Productions in 2008. Its world premiere took place in November 2008 at the Golden Horse Film Festival in Taipei (Taiwan). It has been shown on French channel CinéCinéma Classic in March–April 2010 and on Belgian channel La Deux (RTBF) in May 2010.
 Tom McPhee's An American Opera: The Greatest Pet Rescue Ever! is a multi-award winning documentary film chronicling the events following Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans Louisiana when pet owners were forced to evacuate without their pets. An American Opera follows the pets vets owners officials rescuers and adopters of animals as they try to remedy the situation revealing that not everyone had the same goal of saving animals.
 My Friend (Spanish: Mi socio) is a 1983 Bolivian drama film directed by Paolo Agazzi. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Dutch Girls is a 1985 film released by the London Weekend Television Company produced by Sue Birtwistle directed by Giles Foster and written by William Boyd. The film is about a group of young men who go to the Netherlands to play hockey. Along the way they drink smoke and try to have sex. It features many young actors: Colin Firth Timothy Spall Adrian Lukis James Wilby.
 The Exploits of the Emden is a 1928 silent Australian film about the Battle of Cocos; the World War I naval battle between Australian cruiser HMAS Sydney and German cruiser SMS Emden. It consists of footage from a 1926 German film Unsere Emden with additional sequences shot in Australia by director Ken G. Hall. Only part of the film survives today.
 Sangram is 1993 Hindi movie directed by Lawrence D'Souza and starring Ajay Devgn Karishma Kapoor Ayesha Jhulka Amrish Puri. Other cast members include Danny Denzongpa Reema Lagoo Asrani Laxmikant Berde Anjana Mumtaz Tej Sapru Vikas Anand Satyendra Kapoor Avtar Gill and Dinesh Hingoo.
 Pressing Business is a 1915 silent comedy film produced by the Vim Comedy Company featuring Oliver Hardy.
 La ragazza di via Condotti (English title: Special Killers / French title: Meurtres à Rome or Le crime de la via Condotti / Spanish title: La chica de via Condotti) is a 1973 Italian-French-Spanish movie directed by German Lorente. The film stars are Frederick Stafford Femi Benussi Claude Jade and Michel Constantin.
 La familia Pérez (The Pérez Family) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 This article discusses the 1960 film. For other topics of the same name see Once More with FeelingOnce More with Feeling! (1960) is a British comedy film directed and produced by Stanley Donen from a screenplay by Harry Kurnitz based on his play. The film was released by Columbia Pictures and has music by Franz Liszt Ludwig van Beethoven and Richard Wagner arranged by Muir Mathieson.
 Beladingala Baale (Kannada: ಬೆಳದಿಂಗಳ ಬಾಲೆ) is a 1995 Kannada movie directed by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Anant Nag and Suman Nagarkar. It is based on a Telugu novel titled Vennelalo Aadapilla by Yandamoori Veerendranath which was translated into Kannada by Vamshi titled Beladingala Baale. It was later serialised in Sudha a Kannada weekly magazine. The Kannada and Telugu titles loosely translate to lady in the moonlight.
 Jayantabhai Ki Luv Story is a Bollywood crime romance film directed by Vinnil Markan and produced by Kumar Taurani under Tips Music Films. The film stars Vivek Oberoi opposite Neha Sharma in lead roles. The theatrical trailer unveiled on 11 January 2013 whilst the film released on 14 February 2013. English subtitles for this film was done by Shivkumar Parthasarathy. The film is a remake of South Korean Film My Gangster Lover (2010).
 Don't Fade Away is a 2009 coming-of-age drama film starring Mischa Barton and Ryan Kwanten. The film has been produced by Origin Entertainment Group and was shot in Los Angeles and North Carolina.It was released on DVD in Australia on April 6 2011.
 The Millennial Bee (Czech: Tisícročná včela also known in English as The Bee Millennium) is a 1983 film made and produced in Czechoslovakia West Germany and Austria. The film is based on a novel written by Peter Jaroš and was directed by Juraj Jakubisko. The film was selected as the Czechoslovakia entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Cartouche is a 1962 French film directed by Philippe de Broca and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Claudia Cardinale.
 Mabel's New Job is a 1914 film starring Mabel Normand and co-directed by Normand and George Nichols.
 The Greek Labyrtinth is a 1993 Spanish thriller film directed by Rafael Alcázar and starring Penélope Cruz Eusebio Poncela and Fernando Guillén Cuervo. In Spanish the title is El Laberinto griego. It is set in and around the city of Barcelona.
 The Devil Dared Me To is a New Zealand film written by and starring Chris Stapp and Matt Heath. The film revolves around a fictional stuntman Randy Cambell who aspires to be the greatest living New Zealander in that profession.
 Desert Nights (also known as Thirst) is a 1929 American silent adventure/romantic drama film starring John Gilbert Ernest Torrence and Mary Nolan. Directed by William Nigh the film is the last silent film starring John Gilbert.
 Plan 9 from Outer Space (originally titled Grave Robbers from Outer Space or simply known as Plan 9) is a 1959 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by Ed Wood and released by Distributors Corporation of America (as Valiant Pictures). The film stars Gregory Walcott Mona McKinnon Tor Johnson and Maila Vampira Nurmi.
 The Maze is an American horror film directed by Stephen Shimek and starringShalaina Castle Brandon Sean Pearson Clare Niederpruem Kyle Paul and Will Tye Nelson. With a budget of $200000 it was released to theaters on 19 October 2010.
 Resurrection (Italian: Resurrezione) is a 2001 Italian-French-German co-production directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.It won the Golden St. George award at the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Shakti is a 2011 Telugu fantasy film directed by Meher Ramesh starring Jr. NTR and Ileana D'Cruz.The film produced by C. Ashwini Dutt under the Vyjayanthi Movies banner features an extensive supporting cast including Sonu Sood Manjari Phadnis S. P. Balasubramanyam Jackie Shroff Pooja Bedi and Tamil actor Prabhu Ganesan was released on 1 April 2011. A dubbed Tamil version was simultaneously released in Tamil Nadu as Om Shakthi.It has been dubbed in Hindi as Ek Tha Soldier.
 Jungle Jim (1937) is a Universal movie serial based on Jungle Jim the comic strip by Alex Raymond.
 Persistence of Vision is a 2012 documentary film based on Richard Williams' experiences trying to get The Thief and the Cobbler made. Its tagline is: about the greatest animated film never made. The film premiered in Canada on 4 October 2012 at the Vancouver International Film Festival.
 Daniel is a 1983 film which was adapted by E. L. Doctorow from his novel The Book of Daniel. It was directed by Sidney Lumet. The film was based on the life story of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg who were convicted as spies and executed by the United States government in 1953 for giving nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union. This story follows their fictionalized son as he attempts to find out the truth.Paul and Rochelle Isaacson (the Rosenbergs) are played by Mandy Patinkin and Lindsay Crouse.
 The Love Specialist (Italian: La Ragazza Del Palio) is an Italian-French movie filmed in 1958 and released in the U.S. in 1959 with the title The Love Specialist.
 Half Life: A Parable for the Nuclear Age is a 1985 Australian documentary film directed by Dennis O'Rourke concerning the American Castle Bravo nuclear testing at the Marshall Islands in 1954.The film features interviews with residents of the nearby Rongelap and Utirik Atolls who were affected by nuclear fallout from the tests. Unlike in previous nuclear tests and despite the considerably more powerful nuclear explosion involved these residents were not relocated to a safer location.
 Sexo con Amor (Sex with Love) is a 2003 Chilean comedy film about sex and relationships. The film was directed by Boris Quercia who also wrote the screenplay and even played a role in the film.
 She Monkeys (Swedish: Apflickorna) is a 2011 Swedish drama film directed by Lisa Aschan starring Mathilda Paradeiser Linda Molin and Isabella Lindqvist. The film focuses on psychological power struggles between two teenage girls engaged in equestrian vaulting.
 Mumbai Cutting is a 2010 anthology Indian film comprising eleven short films telling eleven different stories based on life in Mumbai which are directed by a host of eleven directors: Anurag Kashyap Sudhir Mishra Rahul Dholakia Kundan Shah Revathy Jahnu Barua Rituparno Ghosh Shashanka Ghosh Ruchi Narain Ayush Raina and Manish Jha.The film is produced by Sahara One and is a Whitecloud production.
 Aks (Hindi: अक्स marketed in English as The Reflection) is a 2001 Hindi supernatural thriller film directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra.
 Tamako in Moratorium (もらとりあむタマ子 Moratoriamu Tamako) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita and starring Atsuko Maeda. The film had its world premiere at the 2013 Busan International Film Festival and was released in Japan in 23 November 2013.
 Abraham's Gold (German: Abrahams Gold) is a 1990 German drama film directed by Jörg Graser. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Three Fugitives is a 1989 crime-comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber starring Nick Nolte and Martin Short and featuring Sarah Rowland Doroff James Earl Jones and Alan Ruck in supporting roles. It is a remake of Les Fugitifs a 1986 French comedy starring Gérard Depardieu and Pierre Richard also directed by Veber.
 Half Shot Shooters is the 14th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Cheerleader Camp (also known as Bloody Pom Poms) is an American slasher film released in 1988. The film stars Betsy Russell Leif Garrett Lucinda Dickey George Buck Flower Teri Weigel and Rebecca Ferratti.
 The Day After is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Diary of the Dead is a 1976 neo-noir film directed by Arvin Brown based on the novel One Across Two Down by Ruth Rendell. It was produced by Charles B. Moss. Robert L. Fish author of Mute Witness the basis of Bullitt contributed to the screenplay.
 Up the Creek is a 1958 British comedy film written and directed by Val Guest which starred David Tomlinson Peter Sellers Wilfrid Hyde-White David Lodge and Lionel Jeffries.
 He Died with a Felafel in His Hand is a 2001 comedy starring Noah Taylor. The film draws on the memoir of the same name and consists of a series of vignettes from a young man's experience of sharing accommodation with a variety of characters including Molly Cyrus and Tim Janes. There also exists a graphic adaptation of the novel.
 Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils also known as Dragon Story is a 1982 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The film was directed and produced by Siu Sang and starred Norman Chu Kent Tong Felix Wong Idy Chan Lam Jan-kei and Austin Wai.
 La polizia accusa: il Servizio Segreto uccide (internationally released as Chopper Squad and Silent Action) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco-crime film directed by Sergio Martino.The film's plot alludes to the Golpe Borghese a failed Italian 1970 coup d'état.
 Pool of London is a 1951 British crime film directed by Basil Dearden. It starred a number of British character actors including Leslie Phillips James Robertson Justice and Earl Cameron in his first film appearance.
 Go to Hell Hoodlums! (くたばれ愚連隊 Kutabare gurentai aka Fighting Delinquents) is a 1960 Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki for the Nikkatsu Corporation. It is Suzuki's first color film.
 The Winds of Jarrah is a 1983 Australian film adapted from a Mills and Boon novel. It was never released to cinemas.The film was financed in part by the Australian Film Commission and the Film Corporation of Western Australia.Screenwriter Bob Ellis later called it a shocking film.. which would you believe started out as a very good script and only about one sentence of it survived.
 Then She Found Me is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Helen Hunt. The screenplay by Hunt Alice Arlen and Victor Levin is very loosely based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Elinor Lipman. The film marked Hunt's feature film directorial debut.
 Aunty No 1 is a 1998 Bollywood film directed by Kirti Kumar and written by Kader Khan and Sachin Bhowmik.It is adapted from famous Marathi play 'Moruchi Mavshi' written by Acharya Atre. It stars Govinda Raveena Tandon Kader Khan and Harish.
 Split Second is a 1992 British science fiction film starring Rutger Hauer Kim Cattrall and Neil Duncan. The film is directed by Tony Maylam and Ian Sharp.
 Harry + Max (alternate title Harry and Max) is a 2004 American drama film directed by Christopher Münch. It stars Bryce Johnson and Cole Williams.
 Burning Down Tomorrow is a 1990 American short documentary film produced and directed by Kit Thomas. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 We Will Rock You is a concert film by English band Queen.
 Witchouse 2: Bloodcoven is a horror film released in 2000 by Full Moon Features. The film is available in R rated and Director's Cut versions. The Director's Cut is 5 minutes longer than the R version. The only cast member to return from the original Witchouse is Ariauna Albright.
 The Court Jester is a 1956 musical-comedy film starring Danny Kaye Glynis Johns Basil Rathbone Angela Lansbury and Cecil Parker. The movie was co-written co-directed and co-produced by Melvin Frank and Norman Panama.
 100 Rifles is a 1969 western directed by Tom Gries based on the 1966 novel The Californio by Robert MacLeond. The film stars Jim Brown Burt Reynolds Raquel Welch and Fernando Lamas and was shot in Spain. The original music score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
 An Ideal Husband is a 1998 film based on the play of the same name by Oscar Wilde.
 Last Hero in China is a 1993 Hong Kong film written and directed by Wong Jing. It is a derivative of the Once Upon a Time in China film series and unlike other imitations it can be considered a spin-off or parody to some extent.[citation needed] It was released after the first three films in the Once Upon a Time in China franchise. The film starred Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung and the action choreography was done by Yuen Woo-ping.
 Anesthesia is an upcoming independent drama film written produced and directed by Tim Blake Nelson. Nelson will appear in the film along with Kristen Stewart Sam Waterston Glenn Close Gretchen Mol and Corey Stoll.
 Iskul Bukol 20 Years After (Ungasis and Escaleras Adventure) is a Philippine comedy movie starring actors Tito Sotto Vic Sotto and Joey de Leon. It is part of the Iskul Bukol franchise depicting its characters 20 years after the end of the original TV series.
 The Unknown Purple (1923) is a science fiction silent film written and directed by Roland West based on the play of the same name by West and Carlyle Moore with adaptation by Paul Schofield. The film may be the first dealing with the subject of invisibility and might have been based upon the novel The Invisible Man by H. G. Wells.
 Fumō Chitai (不毛地帯; literally Wasted Land) is a novel by Toyoko Yamasaki. It has been adapted into a movie in 1976 and then twice as a television mini-series in 1979 and 2009.
 Alamo Bay is a 1985 drama film about a Vietnam veteran who clashes with Vietnamese immigrants who move to his fictitious Texas bay hometown. The film was directed by Louis Malle and stars Amy Madigan and Ed Harris.
 Bitter Springs is an Australian-British film directed by Ralph Smart and released in 1950. An Australian pioneer family buys a piece of land from the government in the Australian outback in 1900 and hire two inexperienced British men as drovers. Problems with local Aboriginal people arise over the possession of a waterhole. Much of the film was shot on location in the Flinders Ranges in South Australia
 Volver a vivir is a 1941 Argentine film.
 A Man to Remember is a 1938 American drama film directed by Garson Kanin his first film credit as a director. The picture was based on the novel The Failure written by Katharine Haviland-Taylor and the screenplay was penned by Dalton Trumbo. The story tells of a saintly small town doctor working under difficult circumstances somewhere in the United States after World War I. The movie is a remake of One Man's Journey (1933) starring Lionel Barrymore.
 Der Mann der sich in Luft auflöste (Swedish: Mannen som gick upp i rök) is a 1980 police film about Martin Beck directed by Péter Bacsó.
 Sign of the Beast (Finnish: Pedon merkki) is a 1981 Finnish drama film directed by Jaakko Pakkasvirta. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 54th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Richard II is a 2012 British television film based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name. It is the first of four television adaptations of Shakespeare's second history tetralogy commissioned by BBC Two under the series title The Hollow Crown. Richard II was directed by Rupert Goold who adapted the screenplay with Ben Power. Ben Whishaw stars as the titular Richard II of England.
 Jalopy is a 1953 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on February 15 1953 by Allied Artists and is the twenty-ninth film in the series.
 Swapnabhoomi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1968.The film is an unofficial remake of the Sandalwood movie Belli Moda ..
 Ruby Bridges is a 1998 made-for-television movie written by Toni Ann Johnson and based on the true story of Ruby Bridges the first black student to attend integrated schools in New Orleans Louisiana in 1960. As a six-year old Bridges was one of four black first graders selected on the basis of test scores to attend previously all-white public schools in New Orleans.
 Vishwaroopam (titled Vishwaroop in Hindi) is a 2013 Tamil spy thriller film written directed and co-produced by Kamal Haasan who also enacts the lead role. The film has Rahul Bose Shekhar Kapur Pooja Kumar Andrea Jeremiah and Jaideep Ahlawat in supporting roles.
 Akaash Vani is a Hindi romance film directed by Luv Ranjan and produced by Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak under the banner of Wide Frame Pictures. This is the second collaboration between the producer and director who had created the 2011 film Pyaar Ka Punchnama. The film stars Kartik Tiwari and Nushrat Bharucha in lead roles. Akaash Vani’s official trailer was released on 6 December 2012and the film was released worldwide on 25 January 2013.
 Before You Say I Do (working title Then Again) is an American television movie directed by Paul Fox. It premiered on Hallmark Channel on February 14 2009.
 Gangmaster (Telugu: గ్యాంగ్ మాస్టర్) is a 1994 Telugu film directed by B. Gopal. It has music composed by A. R. Rahman. It was dubbed into Tamil with the title Manitha Manitha. The film was a remake of Hindi film Sir.
 When We Are Married is a 1943 British comedy-drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Sydney Howard Raymond Huntley and Olga Lindo.The film is a screen version of the 1938 stage play by J. B.
 Don Giovanni in Sicilia (internationally released as Don Juan in Sicily) is a 1967 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It is loosely based on the novel with the same title by Vitaliano Brancati.
 China Heavyweight (also known by its Chinese title 千錘百煉) is a 2012 documentary film by the Chinese-Canadian documentary film director Yung Chang and released by EyeSteelFilm. It is Yung Chang's second long feature documentary film after Up the Yangtze from 2007.
 Keep Fit is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby Kay Walsh and Guy Middleton. It was made at Ealing Studios. Formby was at his British top box-office peak when this comedy was made.
 Middle Sexes: Redefining He and She is a 2005 American television documentary film by Antony Thomas.
 Pasamalar (English: The Flower of Love) is a 1961 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri. The film was directed by A. Bhimsingh. One of the songs Vaarayen Thozhi Vaarayo is still played in many Tamil weddings. The movie was produced by Sivaji's own company Rajamani pictures. The producers were M. R. Santhanam and K. Mohan of Mohan Arts. The dialogues were written by Aroor Das.
 Beware of Blondes is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Hercules and the Princess of Troy is a 1965 Italian fantasy film adventure directed by Albert Band. It was originally made as a pilot for a television series which never materialized so the film (albeit very short) was released to US television as a feature film. It is also referred to as Hercules vs the Sea Monster in reference books.
 Myn Bala (Kazakh: Жаужүрек мың бала) is a 2011 Kazakhstani historical dramatic film depicting the overthrow of Zungharian oppressors. The film was made to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Kazakhstan's independence from the Soviet Union. Its production cost over $7 million (USD).The film was selected as the Kazakhstani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Captain Hurricane is a 1935 film about the life of fishermen in Cape Cod.
 Wells Fargo (1937) is an American Western film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Joel McCrea Bob Burns and Frances Dee. This is the third of four movies in which real life husband and wife McCrea and Dee starred together. It was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Sound (Loren L. Ryder).
 Phool Aur Aag is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Jackie Shroff Harish Ayesha Jhulka Aruna Irani and Rakesh Bedi
 Pitaah is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Avinash Adik. It stars Sanjay Dutt Jackie Shroff Nandita Das and Anupama Verma in pivotal roles.
 The Whip and the Body (Italian: La frusta e il corpo; UK title: Night is the Phantom) is a 1963 Italian gothic horror film directed by Mario Bava.
 Francis in the Navy is a 1955 American black-and-white comedy film the sixth and last in the Francis the Talking Mule series directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Donald O'Connor and Chill Wills (the distinctive voice of the mule). There was one more film without them which was poorly received. This marked the first credited role of Clint Eastwood. O'Connor's character an army officer gets mistaken for his lookalike in the U.S. Navy.
 Incident at Raven's Gate (also released as Encounter at Raven's Gate) is a 1988 science fiction arthouse feature film directed by prominent Australian director Rolf de Heer.The cast of Incident at Raven's Gate included long-term Australian stage and screen actor Max Cullen as a policeman and Terry Camilleri as an astrophysicist attached to Special Branch investigating unexplained radar signals in a remote South Australian country town.
 Daughter of the Tong is a 1939 crime film about a detective that goes against a female leader of an Oriental crime ring.
 Sepolta viva (internationally released as Woman Buried Alive) is an Italian drama film directed by Aldo Lado. The film obtained a great commercial success and launched a short-living revival of feuilleton films. It has a sequel Il figlio della sepolta viva.
 The University of Illinois vs. a Mummy is a 2006 independent comedy/horror film.
 Colonel Redl (German: Oberst Redl (original title); Hungarian: Redl ezredes) is a 1985 drama film by Hungarian director István Szabó. It tells the life story of an Austrian Imperial military officer Alfred Redl (played by Klaus Maria Brandauer) who was blackmailed into espionage for the Russian secret service to prevent the revelation of his homosexuality. The screenplay is adapted from British playwright John Osborne's play A Patriot for Me.
 Thermae Romae II (テルマエ・ロマエＩＩ) is a 2014 Japanese comedy film based on the manga series Thermae Romae by Mari Yamazaki.
 Prince Nezha's Triumph Against Dragon King (simplified Chinese: 哪吒闹海; traditional Chinese: 哪吒鬧海; pinyin: Nézhà Nào Hǎi and also known as Nezha Conquers the Dragon King) is a 1979 Chinese animated film. It was screened out of competition at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ajj De Ranjhe is a 2012 Punjabi film starring Aman Dhaliwal Gurleen Chopra Gurpreet Ghuggi Kim Verma Rana Ranbir. The movie is directed by Manmohan Singh. The movie is to be released on 7 September 2012.
 Condition Dead is an upcoming American horror film.
 Bortreist på ubestemt tid (English: Gone until further notice) is a 1974 Norwegian crime film directed by Pål Bang-Hansen starring Svein Scharffenberg Ingerid Vardund Julie Ege and Lasse Kolstad. It is based on the novel by Sigrun Krokvik. The painter Alex (Scharffenberg) has just murdered his wife Helen (Vardund) when Christina (Ege) arrives at his house.
 Queen at Wembley is a video recorded at the Original Wembley Stadium England on Saturday 12 July 1986 during Queen's Magic Tour. It was first released in December 1990 as an edited VHS (missing 11 songs) then as an audio CD in 1992 followed by a DVD release as Queen: Live at Wembley Stadium (in its entirety) to coincide with the CD rerelease in 2003.
 Motorama is an American road movie released in 1991. It is a surrealistic film about a ten-year-old runaway boy (played by Jordan Christopher Michael) on a road trip for the purpose of collecting game pieces (cards) from the fictional Chimera gas stations in order to spell out the word M-O-T-O-R-A-M-A. By doing so he will supposedly win the grand prize of $500 million. The film features cameos by Drew Barrymore Flea Jack Nance Robert Picardo Martha Quinn and Meat Loaf.
 The Forest is a 2005 Cambodian monster thriller film directed by Heng Tola the director of Khmer Blockbuster films such as Gratefulness and Neang Neath.It was nominated for many awards in The Khmer national film festival but won for best special effects.
 Manasu Maata Vinadhu is a 2005 Telugu film directed by V. N. Aditya. Navdeep pairs up with Ankitha.
 The Hawk is a 1935 American Western film directed by Edward Dmytryk. It was Dmytryk's debut film as a director.
 Destination Piovarolo (Italian: Destinazione Piovarolo) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Gaby: A True Story is a 1987 American-Mexican drama film directed by Luis Mandoki and starring Rachel Levin Norma Aleandro Liv Ullmann and Robert Loggia. It was written by Michael Love (as Michael James Love) and Martín Salinas. It chronicles the life of Gabriela Brimmer a Mexican writer and disability rights activist.
 Fight Zatoichi Fight (座頭市血笑旅 Zatōichi kesshō-tabi) is a 1964 Japanese chambara film directed by Kenji Misumi and starring Shintaro Katsu as the blind masseur Zatoichi. It was originally released by the Daiei Motion Picture Company (later acquired by Kadokawa Pictures).Fight Zatoichi Fight is the eighth episode in the 26-part film series devoted to the character of Zatoichi.
 Kuch Meetha Ho Jaye (translation: Lets Have Something Sweet) is a 2005 Romantic Bollywood film directed by Samar Khan as his debut film. It starred Arshad Warsi Mahima Chaudhry Parvin Dabas in lead roles while Shahrukh Khan had a special appearance as himself.
 Britney Rears is a pornographic film franchise revolving around its fictitious main character. The series is an ongoing parody of pop singer Britney Spears with the character having been played by both Jessica Sweet (films 1 and 2) and Hillary Scott (films 3 and 4). The first three installments have received 11 AVN Award nominations primarily in technical categories and a XRCO Award win for Best Comedy or Parody.
 Laal Hawaili is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 The Gamble (originally titled La partita) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina. It was shot in Rome and Venice. The film is based on the novel with the same name written by Alberto Ongaro. It was generally panned by critics.
 El Apóstol (Spanish: The Apostle) was a 1917 Argentine animated film utilizing cutout animation and the world's first animated feature film. It was written and directed by Quirino Cristiani and consisted of a total of 58000 frames played over the course of 70 minutes (at 14 frames per second).The film was a satire with President Hipólito Yrigoyen ascending to the heavens to use Jupiter's thunderbolts to cleanse Buenos Aires of immorality and corruption.
 Nool Veli is a 1979 Tamil film starring Sarath Babu and Sujatha. The film was a bi-lingual shot simultaneously in Telugu as Guppedu Manasu. Kamal Haasan plays a guest role in this film.
 The Sickhouse is a 2008 horror film directed by Curtis Radclyffe produced by Charlotte Wontner and starring Gina Philips Kellie Shirley and Alex Hassell.
 In Your Veins (I skuggan av värmen) is a 2009 Swedish/Norwegian drama film. It is based on the autobiographical novel by Lotta Thell. The film adaption was produced by Anna Croneman and directed by Beata Gårdeler with the screenplay written by Karin Arrhenius.
 Rendezvous at Bray (French: Rendez-vous à Bray) is a 1971 French-Belgian drama film directed by André Delvaux and starring Anna Karina. It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival.
 Best of Luck is a Punjabi film starring Gippy Grewal Jazzy B (in his acting debut) Binnu Dhillon Simran Kaur Mundi (Miss India Universe 2008) and Sonam Bajwa. Music for the film was composed by Jatinder Shah. Shooting of the film started in May 2012 in Vancouver Canada and the second schedule was completed in Jalandhar Punjab in September 2012.
 Ghosts of War is a short film made in 2010 written and directed by David Sander and produced by Enzo Tedeschi and starring Graham Brissett and Simon Broadhurst.The film premiered at the Newport Beach Film Festival on ANZAC Day April 2010; and has been officially selected by the 2010 Action On Film International Film Festival in Pasadena California.
 El Hijo de la calle is a 1949 Argentine film.
 Aashiqui 2 is a 2013 Bollywood romantic musical drama film directed by Mohit Suri. Starring Aditya Roy Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles it was produced by Bhushan Kumar. Krishan Kumar and Mukesh Bhatt under the T-Series and Vishesh Films banners.
 Once Upon a Time in China is a Hong Kong film franchise directed written and produced by Tsui Hark. The stories are based on the life of Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung who is portrayed by Jet Li in the first three films and Vincent Zhao in the fourth and fifth films.
 The Concert for Bangladesh is a film directed by Saul Swimmer and released in 1972. The film documents the two benefit concerts that were organised by George Harrison and Ravi Shankar to raise funds for refugees of the Bangladesh Liberation War and were held on Sunday 1 August 1971 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
 What Every Woman Knows is a 1921 American silent film comedy-drama adapted form the play What Every Woman Knows by 'James Barrie. The play had premiered on Broadway in 1908 and was a hit starring Maude Adams. A British silent film version had been made in 1917 and a later American talkie would be produced in 1934 with Helen Hayes. This silent film version was directed by William C. deMille continuing his forte at adapting literary and/or stage plays to the silent screen.
 The Aristocats is an American animated feature film produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and features the voices of Eva Gabor Hermione Baddeley Phil Harris Dean Clark Sterling Holloway Scatman Crothers and Roddy Maude-Roxby.
 The Last Escape (French: La dernière fugue) is a Québec film directed by Léa Pool in collaboration with Gil Courtemanche based on the novel A Beautiful Death (2005). This film stars Yves Jacques Jacques Godin Andrée Lachapelle and Aliocha Schneider and was produced in Luxembourg Quebec. It appeared on the big screens in Quebec on February 26 2010.
 Stolen Kosovo (Czech: Uloupené Kosovo Serbian: Украдено Косово Ukradeno Kosovo) is a Czech language documentary by director Václav Dvořák (b. 1948) about the Serbian–Albanian conflict in Kosovo.
 Kenji Mizoguchi: The Life of a Film Director (ある映画監督の生涯 溝口健二の記録 Aru eiga-kantoku no shōgai) is a 1975 Japanese documentary film on the life and works of director Kenji Mizoguchi directed by Kaneto Shindo. It runs 150 minutes and can be found on the second disc of the Region 1 Criterion Collection release of Ugetsu (1953).
 Verdict is a 1974 French-Italian drama film directed by André Cayatte and starring Sophia Loren Jean Gabin Julien Bertheau Muriel Catalá and Michel Albertini. A French judge comes under intense personal pressure to acquit a man who is accused of murdering his lover. It was also released under the title Jury of One.
 Kuroneko (藪の中の黒猫 Yabu no Naka no Kuroneko A Black Cat in a Bamboo Grove) is a 1968 black-and-white Japanese horror film directed by Kaneto Shindo and an adaptation of a supernatural folktale. Set during a civil war in Japan's Heian period the spirits of a woman and her daughter-in-law seek revenge after losing their lives to a brutal incident.
 Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 crime melodrama film produced by MGM directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Clark Gable William Powell and Myrna Loy. The movie also provided one of the earliest film roles for Mickey Rooney who played Gable's character as a child and introduced the Rodgers and Hart song Blue Moon with an entirely different set of lyrics by Lorenz Hart.
 Paraíso (Paradise) is a Cuban/German film of 2003. It was directed by Alina Teodorescu.
 Chhaya is a Bollywood film directed by legendary director Hrishikesh Mukherjee. It released in 1961. The star cast include Sunil Dutt and Asha Parekh. Nirupa Roy won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award.
 Best: His Mother's Son is a 2009 drama television film that chronicles the life of the late footballer George Best's mother Ann and her battles against alcoholism that would ultimately lead to her death at the age of 54. The film was originally broadcast on BBC Two and BBC Northern Ireland on 26 April 2009 receiving ratings of 2.74 million viewers.Best: His Mother's Son was filmed at County Antrim and Belfast in Northern Ireland the country where George Best was born in 1946.
 Brigada en acción is a 1977 Argentine comedy film directed by and starring Palito Ortega and written by Juan Carlos Mesa. The film premiered in Argentina on 21 July 1977.
 Midnight Mystery is a 1930 American mystery film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Ships with Wings is a 1941 British war film directed by Sergei Nolbandov and starring John Clements Leslie Banks and Jane Baxter. During the Second World War the British fleet air arm fight the Germans in Greece.
 Ronan's Escape is a short film directed by Australian born film writer/director A.J. Carter. The filmset in the rural wheat belt of Western Australia provides a candid insight into the life of Ronan a 14 year old boy who gets bullied at school and decides to make an escape. This accurate & controversial portrayal of life for someone who has fallen victim to bullying and the repercussions which exist is told in a unique exposition intensive format with very little use of dialogue.
 Wicked Woman is a 1953 American low-budget film noir film starring Beverly Michaels. The film co-starred Richard Egan Percy Helton and Evelyn Scott was directed by Russell Rouse and written by Rouse and Clarence Greene.
 Sirithu Vazha Vendum (Tamil: சிரித்து வாழ வேண்டும் English: live laughing) is a 1974 Indian Tamil directed by S. S. Balan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Latha M. N. Nambiar among others. It is the remake of Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bachchan starrer [Zanjeer (1973 film ]
 Taman Lawang is a wide-screen comedy-horror movie about transvestites in Lawang Park who are forced to sell themselves for economic reasons. The film was aired simultaneously across cinemas in Indonesia starting 7 November 2013 and starring Olga Syahputra and Nikita Mirzani.
 Freedom at the Edge is an Assamese language short film by Aneisha Sharma based on a real life story.
 Comes a Horseman is a 1978 film starring James Caan Jane Fonda Jason Robards and Richard Farnsworth directed by Alan J.
 COPE is an 2007 psychological thriller/horror independent film written and directed by Ronald Jerry and produced by Kitty Productions a multimedia company based in Kodiak Alaska.
 Transformers: Age of Extinction is an upcoming 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise. It is the fourth installment of the live-action Transformers film series and stars Mark Wahlberg in the lead role. A sequel to Transformers: Dark of the Moon the film takes place four years after the invasion of Chicago. Like its predecessors the film is directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg.
 The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (aka The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3) is a 1974 American thriller film directed by Joseph Sargent produced by Edgar J. Scherick and starring Walter Matthau Robert Shaw Martin Balsam and Héctor Elizondo. Peter Stone adapted the screenplay from the novel of the same name by Morton Freedgood (under the pen name John Godey) about a group of criminals taking hostage for ransom the passengers of a busy New York City subway car.
 Bheegi Palkein[[1]] (Hindi: भीगी पलकें; English: Moistened eyelids) is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sisir Mishra and produced by K. K. Arya. It stars Raj Babbar and Smita Patil in pivotal roles.
 Dancing at the Harvest Moon is a 2001 CBS television film starring Jacqueline Bisset Valerie Harper and Eric Mabius. Directed by Bobby Roth it is based on K.C. McKinnon's novel of the same name.
 Twin Dragons is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Ringo Lam and Tsui Hark and starring Jackie Chan in two roles as a pair of twin brothers.
 The Incredible Invasion is a 1971 film directed by Jack Hill. It stars Boris Karloff and Enrique Guzmán.The Incredible Invasion is one of four low-budget Mexican horror films Karloff made in a package deal with Mexican producer Luis Enrique Vergara. The others are The Snake People The Fear Chamber and House of Evil. Karloff's scenes for all four films were directed by Jack Hill in Los Angeles in the spring of 1968. The films were then completed in Mexico.
 Najma is a 1943 Indian film directed by Mehboob Khan and starring Ashok Kumar and Veena. The film's music is by Rafiq Ghaznavi with lyrics by Anjum Pilibhiti. Najma was the first film under Mehboob Khan's Mehboob Productions banner. Khan paid Kumar Rs. 1 lakh for his role in the film a record at the time. Due to its financial success upon release the film became a blueprint for Muslim socials that followed.
 Abducted: The Carlina White Story is a Lifetime television film about Carlina White who was abducted as an infant by Ann Pettway from a New York hospital and solved her own kidnapping and reunited with her biological parents 23 years later. The case is reported to be the first known infant abduction from a New York hospital. On July 30. 2012 Pettway was sentenced in a New York court to 12 years in prison for kidnapping Carlina. It premiered on October 6 2012.
 Barnacle Bill is a 1941 feature film starring Wallace Beery and Marjorie Main. The screen comedy was directed by Richard Thorpe. Barnacle Bill was the second of seven MGM films costarring Wallace Beery and Marjorie Main.
 Eating is a 1990 American comedy-drama film starring Nelly Alard Lisa Blake Richards Frances Bergen Mary Crosby Gwen Welles Elizabeth Kemp Marina Gregory and written and directed by Henry Jaglom.
 Romantic Warriors II: A Progressive Music Saga About Rock in Opposition is a 2012 feature length documentary film about the Rock in Opposition movement of the late 1970s the music genre it spawned and the influence it has on experimental groups across the world. The film was written and directed by Adele Schmidt and José Zegarra Holder and was released in the United States by Zeitgeist Media. It premiered in Washington D.C. on September 28 2012.
 The Emigrants is a 1977 Australian mini series about an English family who move to Australia.
 Hote Hote Pyar Ho Gaya is an Indian Bollywood film directed by Firoz Irani released on 2 July 1999. The film stars Jackie Shroff Kajol and Atul Agnihotri in lead roles.
 Mano Po is Regal Entertainment's entry for the 2002 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film focuses on the lives of the Chinese-Filipino community. Mano Po stars an all-star cast headed by Maricel Soriano Richard Gomez Kris Aquino and Ara Mina. Eddie Garcia and Boots Anson-Roa play the patriarch and matriarch of the Go clan respectively. The film won the most major awards in the film-awarding bodies including 12 awards in the 28th Manila Film Festival in 2002.
 The Pride and the Passion is a 1957 war film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer and starring Cary Grant Frank Sinatra and Sophia Loren. Set in the Napoleonic era it is the story of a British officer (Grant) who has orders to retrieve a huge cannon from Spain and take it to the British forces by ship.
 Hukumat is a 1987 Bollywood film directed by Anil Sharma and starring Dharmendra and Rati Agnihotri in the lead roles while Swapna and Sadashiv Amrapurkar play supporting roles. The movie became the highest-grossing Bollywood film of 1987. It also received highly positive response from critics and audiences alike. Also Dharmendra gave 8 successful movies in the same year which still remains a record.
 Avasara Police 100 is a Tamil language film starring and directed by K. Bhagyaraj with M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in the 1990. Approx 4000 ft of MGR's unfinished 1977 film Anna Nee En Deivam directed by C.V Sridhar was incorporated into totally new plot resulting into this film.The MGR footage includes few scenes and two songs composed by M. S. Viswanathan. M. N. Nambiar Sangeetha and V.S. Raghavan are 3 actors who reprised their role in the new film.
 Farmland is a documentary film about agriculture in the United States.
 Who Goes There! is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Nigel Patrick Valerie Hobson and George Cole. The film depicts the farcical activities of the various inhabitants of a Grace and Favour house near St. James Palace in Central London. It is based on a 1951 play by John Dighton who also wrote the screenplay.
 All About Loving (French: De l'amour) is a 1964 French comedy film directed by Jean Aurel and starring Anna Karina.
 High Treason is a 1929 film based on a play by Noel Pemberton Billing. It was directed by Maurice Elvey and stars James Carew Humberstone Wright Benita Hume Henry Vibart Hayford Hobbs Irene Rooke and Jameson Thomas. Raymond Massey makes his first screen appearance in a small role. The sound film was presented in a London trade show August 9 1929 then went into UK general release in silent and sound versions on September 9 1929.
 A Private's Affair is a 1959 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Sal Mineo and Christine Carère. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1960.
 Leathernecking (1930) is an American musical comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline. An early part-color feature film with a Technicolor insert and Irene Dunne's film debut this is an adaption of the 1928 Broadway musical Present Arms. The soundtrack included three songs by Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare.
 Kickaroo is a 1921 short Western film directed by Albert Russell and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Pimienta y pimentón is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Strong Boy was a 1929 American silent comedy film directed by John Ford. It was a silent film with a synchronized music track. The film is now considered lost. A trailer for the film was discovered in the New Zealand Film Archive in 2010.
 Salgirah is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 To Die like a Man (Portuguese: Morrer Como Um Homem) is a 2009 Portuguese drama film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues produced by the production company Rosa Filmes.It tells the story of a homosexual drag-queen at the end of his career. The cast includes several Portuguese real-life drag-queens with no previous or little acting experience.
 Something to Live For is a 1952 American drama film starring Joan Fontaine Ray Milland and Teresa Wright directed by George Stevens and released by Paramount Pictures. The screenplay by Dwight Taylor was the first to focus on the Alcoholics Anonymous program as a means of overcoming an addiction to liquor.
 Sheepdog of the Hills is a 1941 British drama film directed by Germain Burger and starring David Farrar Philip Friend and Helen Perry. An outbreak of sheep-stealing occurs in a small rural community in the West Country.
 Naagu (Telugu: నాగు) is a 1984 Tollywood film directed by Tatineni Prasad and produced by AVM Productions. This film stars Chiranjeevi Radha & Kongara Jaggayya.
 Ishaara is a 1943 Indian Bollywood film. It was the tenth highest grossing Indian film of 1943.
 Manual of Love 2 (Italian: Manuale d'amore 2 - Capitoli successivi) is a 2007 Italian romantic comedy film in four quartets directed by Giovanni Veronesi. It is the sequel of Manual of Love and was followed by Manual of Love 3.
 666 – Traue keinem mit dem du schläfst! (English: 666: In Bed with the Devil) is a 2002 German film directed by Rainer Matsutani.
 Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors (Russian: Королевство Кривых Зеркал translit. Korolevstvo krivykh zerkal) is a 2007 Russian fairy tale musical film directed by Alexander Igudin based on the novel Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors by Vitali Gubarev. It was different and adapted from the 1963 film Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors.
 Hanussen is a 1955 West German war film directed by and starring O. W. Fischer.
 En Route (German: Unterwegs) is a 2004 German film written and directed by Jan Krüger. The movie won the Tiger Award at the 2004 Rotterdam Film Festival.
 Padunna Puzha (Malayalam: പാടുന്ന പുഴ) is a 1968 Malayalam film written by S. L. Puram Sadanandan and directed by M. Krishnan Nair. It stars Prem Nazir K. P. Ummer Sheela Jayabharathi Adoor Bhasi Sankaradi Radhakrishnan Prathapan G. K. Pillai Ushanandini and T. R. Omana.
 Hajji Washington (Persian: حاجی واشنگتن‎) is an Iranian comedy/drama film directed by Ali Hatami. The film recounts the story of Iran's first ambassador Haji Washington to the United States.The movie finished production in 1982 but was not publicly screened in Iran until 1998. The movie was filmed in Italy (filling in for Washington D.C.) and Ghazali Cinematic Mini-City in Iran.
 Lalkaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Ramanand Sagar.
 The Weathered Underground is a 2010 interactive film starring Michael Ciraco and Brea Grant. It was written and directed by David N. Donihue who also played two roles.
 Wild Texas Wind is an 1991 American made-for-television drama film distributed by Sandollar Productions directed by Joan Tewkesbury and starring Dolly Parton Gary Busey and Ray Benson. Parton co-wrote the story with Mark Kiracofe as well as multiple songs from the film with Benson.
 Fatima is a 1938 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed by Othniel and Joshua Wong. Written by Saeroen it starred Roekiah Rd Mochtar and ET Effendi and followed two lovers who are disturbed by a rich youth. The film followed the same formula as the earlier hit Terang Boelan (Full Moon; 1937) and saw commercial success domestically. It is one of three films which Misbach Yusa Biran credits with reviving the domestic film industry which had been faltering.
 Vendetta dal futuro (aka Fists of Steel Hands of Steel Vendetta From the Future and Atomic Cyborg) is a 1986 Italian science fiction film starring Daniel Greene Luigi Montefiore John Saxon and Claudio Cassinelli and directed by Sergio Martino. Actor Claudio Cassinelli was killed in a helicopter crash during the making of this film.
 For the Love of Mabel is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Shadows is a 1919 silent film drama produced by Samuel Goldwyn and directed by Reginald Barker. It starred opera singer Geraldine Farrar.This is a lost film except for a one-reel fragment at the Library of Congress.
 A Diary for Timothy (1945) is a British documentary film directed by Humphrey Jennings. It was produced by Basil Wright for the Crown Film Unit. The narration was written by the British author E. M. Forster (spoken by Michael Redgrave) and is account of the progress of the war during the first six months of the life of a baby named Timothy. The recoveries of a pilot with a broken leg and a miner with a broken arm are also featured.
 Detective Story is a 1951 film noir which tells the story of one day in the lives of the various people who populate a police detective squad. It features Kirk Douglas George Macready Eleanor Parker William Bendix and Cathy O'Donnell. Both Lee Grant and Joseph Wiseman perform in their film debuts. The movie was adapted by Robert Wyler and Philip Yordan from the 1949 play of the same name by Sidney Kingsley.
 Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss is a 1998 American independent gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Tommy O'Haver and starring Sean P. Hayes Brad Rowe and Meredith Scott Lynn. The film was a breakthrough performance for Hayes who would go from this film to his role as Jack McFarland on the hit television show Will & Grace.This film is a remake of writer/director O'Haver's earlier short film Catalina.
 Vivah - A Journey From Engagement To Marriage ... (Hindi: विवाह Urdu: وواہ Marriage) is a 2006 Bollywood romantic drama film. The film is written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya and stars Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao in their fourth movie together.Vivah is the story of the engagement period of Prem (Shahid Kapoor) an upper-class business manager and Poonam (Amrita Rao) a middle class college student.
 Veerana (Creepy Forest) is an Indian horror film produced by the Ramsay Brothers in 1988. It is known for its Mario Bava-like use of coloured gels mixed with atmospheric sets.The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri and sung by Suman Kalyanpur Munna Aziz and Sharon Prabhakar.
 Guided Muscle is a 1955 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner.Along with The Grey-Hounded Hare and Tugboat Granny Guided Muscle was one of the three cartoons on the final episode of ABC's The Bugs Bunny & Tweety Show on September 2 2000. In fact it was the last cartoon seen in that episode.
 Diva is a 1981 French thriller film directed by Jean-Jacques Beineix adapted from the novel Diva by Daniel Odier (under the pseudonym Delacorta). It is one of the first French films to let go of the realist mood of 1970s French cinema and return to a colourful melodic style later described as cinéma du look.The film made a successful debut in France in 1981 with 2281569 admissions and had success in the US the next year grossing $2678103.
 The Angriest Man in Brooklyn is an upcoming comedy-drama film directed by Phil Alden Robinson. A physician accidentally tells an obnoxious patient that he has a brain aneurism and only 90 minutes to live. As the patient races around the city trying to right his wrongs the doctor attempts to find him as he tries to find what he must do in the final moments of his life.It is a remake of the 1997 Israeli film The 92 Minutes of Mr. Baum written and directed by Assi Dayan.
 Loafing and Camouflage: Sirens at Land is a 2011 film and the third to bear the Loafing & Camo stamp the first being Loafing and Camouflage by Nikos Perakis. The film stars the cast of previous film Loafing and Camouflage: Sirens in the Aegean 8 years later.
 The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1956 American comedy film satirizing the U.S. occupation and Americanization of the island of Okinawa following the end of World War II in 1945. The motion picture starred Marlon Brando and was directed by Daniel Mann.John Patrick adapted the screenplay from his own Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winning Broadway play of 1953. The play was in turn adapted from a 1951 novel by Vern J. Sneider.
 Gayby is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film. It debuted on March 12 2012 at the South by Southwest film festival.
 The Mayor's Nest is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard Claude Hulbert and Al Bowlly. A trombonist becomes Mayor of a small town but he struggles to cope with municipal issues.
 Dangerous Seas is a 1931 British crime film directed by Edward Dryhurst and starring Julie Suedo Sandy Irving and Charles Garry.
 À corps perdu (American English title: Straight for the Heart) is a 1988 Canadian/Swiss French-language drama film.
 Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai (English: Love Is Crazy) is a 2002 Indian movie directed by Kirti Kumar starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji. It is a remake of the Tamil movie Sollamale.
 The Secret is a 2007 thriller film directed by Vincent Perez and a remake of Himitsu a 1999 Japanese film produced by Yasuhiro Mase written by Hiroshi Saitô and Directed by Yojiro Takita.
 Terror Toons is a 2002 horror comedy film directed by Joe Castro and written by Rudy Balli. It was followed by two sequels Terror Toons 2: The Sick and Silly Show in 2007 and Terror Toons 3 in 2014.
 The Compleat Al is a mockumentary about the life of Weird Al Yankovic from his birth in 1959 to 1985. It was partially written by Yankovic and directed by Jay Levey. It premiered on August 7 1985 on the Showtime network. The title of the film is a parody from the 1982 documentary The Compleat Beatles. Although it is a mockumentary it is roughly based on Yankovic's real life.
 To Sir with Love is a 1967 British drama film starring Sidney Poitier that deals with social and racial issues in an inner-city school. James Clavell directed and wrote the film's screenplay based on the semi-autobiographical novel To Sir With Love by E. R. Braithwaite.The film's title song To Sir With Love sung by Lulu reached number one on the U.S. pop charts and ultimately was Billboard magazine's No. 1 pop single for the year 1967.
 Blood Orgy of the Leather Girls (1988) is a gory low-budget independent B-movie made in the classic sexploitation style. The movie focuses on the efforts of four very different women looking for revenge on men who have mistreated them.
 Les Fils de la vie et de la mort is a 2007 documentary film.
 The Chocolate War is a 1988 American drama film based on Robert Cormier's novel of the same name about a young man who rebels against the ingrained hierarchy of an elite Catholic school. It was the directorial debut of Keith Gordon and stars John Glover Ilan Mitchell-Smith Wallace Langham and Doug Hutchison. Jonathan D. Krane produced it after seeing Static a short film Gordon wrote.
 Not Safe for Work is an unreleased American thriller film directed by Joe Johnston and written by Simon Boyes and Adam Mason. The film stars Tim Griffin Max Minghella Molly Hagan JJ Feild Michael Gladis and Eme Ikwuakor.
 Fantasmagorie is an 1908 French animated film by Émile Cohl. It is one of the earliest examples of traditional (hand-drawn) animation and considered by film historians to be the first animated cartoon.
 Love $ Greed is a 1991 romantic comedy directed by Bashar Shbib.
 977 (Russian: Девять семь семь) is a 2006 Russian drama film directed by Nikolay Khomeriki. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Luces de Buenos Aires is a 1931 Argentine tango comedy film directed by Adelqui Millar.
 The Tortured is a 2010 mystery horror-thriller film directed by Robert Lieberman and written by Marek Posival.
 Boston Blackie Goes Hollywood is a 1942 American crime film fourth of the fourteen Boston Blackie films of the 1940s Columbia's series of B pictures based on Jack Boyle's pulp-fiction character.
 The Fall is a 2006 adventure fantasy film directed by Tarsem Singh starring Lee Pace Catinca Untaru and Justine Waddell. It is based on the screenplay of the 1981 Bulgarian film Yo Ho Ho by Valeri Petrov. The film earned $3.2 million worldwide. The film was released to theaters in 2008.
 'Merika is a 1984 drama film directed by Gil Portes and starred by Nora Aunor and Bembol Roco. Aunor portrayed the role Mila an Overseas Filipino Worker (OFW) who works as a nurse in America. Mila is in effect living The American Dream or at least the Filipino's idea of the American Dream On the contrary Mila was struggling to fight loneliness and homesickness in the foreign land.
 Land of the Lost is a 2009 American adventure science fiction comedy film directed by Brad Silberling and starring Will Ferrell Danny McBride and Anna Friel loosely based on the 1974 Sid and Marty Krofft TV series of the same name.
 Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction thriller film directed written and co-produced by Cameron Crowe. It is an English-language remake of Alejandro Amenábar's 1997 Spanish film Open Your Eyes which was written by Amenábar and Mateo Gil with Penélope Cruz reprising her role from the original movie.
 Bad Women (Italian: Malefemmene) is a 2001 Italian prison-drama film directed by Fabio Conversi.
 Beyond Gay: The Politics of Pride is a 2009 award-winning documentary directed by Bob Christie where he examines relevance of Gay Pride celebrations internationally against the backdrop of opposition to such events in a number of countries. The documentary tries to portray Gay Pride as more than just a parade but rather an important step on the road to equality and fight against homophobia and discrimination.
 The Driver is a 1978 crime film written and directed by Walter Hill starring Ryan O'Neal Bruce Dern and Isabelle Adjani. Based upon similarities in plot elements it is heavily influenced by Jean-Pierre Melville's film Le Samouraï. The film is also notable for its impressive car chases its no-frills style of filmmaking and its rarely speaking unnamed titular character.
 River Queen is a 2005 New Zealand film directed by Vincent Ward and starring Samantha Morton Kiefer Sutherland Cliff Curtis and Temuera Morrison. The film opened to mixed reviews but performed well at the local box-office.
 There's Only One Jimmy Grimble is a 2000 film set around Oldham Greater Manchester England. The film centred on one young boy's dream to play for Manchester City F.C.
 The Cat and the Canary (1927) is an American silent horror film adaptation of John Willard's 1922 black comedy play of the same name. Directed by German Expressionist filmmaker Paul Leni the film stars Laura La Plante as Annabelle West Forrest Stanley as Charles Charlie Wilder and Creighton Hale as Paul Jones. The plot revolves around the death of Cyrus West who is Annabelle Charlie and Paul's uncle and the reading of his will 20 years later.
 Rappadikalude Gatha (English: The Song of the Nightingales) is a 1978 Malayalam film written by Padmarajan directed by K. G. George and starring Vidhubala in the lead role.
 Stairway to Light is a 1945 American short drama film directed by Sammy Lee and was one of John Nesbitt's Passing Parade series. Set in Paris during the French Revolution it tells the story of Philippe Pinel and his efforts in pointing out that the mentally ill should not be treated as animals. It won an Academy Award in 1946 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Halloween H20: 20 Years Later (a.k.a Halloween 7) is a 1998 American slasher film and is the seventh installment in the Halloween film series. It is directed by Steve Miner and starring Jamie Lee Curtis LL Cool J Josh Hartnett and Michelle Williams. The film was released on August 5 1998 to mark the 20th anniversary of the original Halloween.The story was developed and created by Robert Zappia. The screenplay was written by Robert Zappia and Matt Greenberg.
 His Convict Bride is a 1918 Australian silent film from the team of John and Agnes Gavin. It was a convict-era melodrama.
 Tanjuska and the 7 Devils (Finnish: Tanjuska ja 7 perkelettä) is a 1993 documentary film by Finnish director Pirjo Honkasalo about a ten-year old Belarussian girl who is believed to have been possessed by the devil. It is the second part of Honkasalo's Trilogy of the Sacred and the Satanic preceded by Mysterion (1991) and followed by Atman (1997). The film won several international awards including the International Jury Award at the Bombay International Film Festival.
 When the Bough Breaks is a thriller from 1993 about a serial killer directed by Michael Cohn starring Ally Walker Martin Sheen Ron Perlman and Tara Subkoff.
 Cold Sweat is a 1970 French/ Italian international co-production starring Charles Bronson and directed by Terence Young. It is based on the 1959 novel Ride the Nightmare by Richard Matheson. It was filmed in and around Beaulieu-sur-Mer.
 First Time Around is a one-disk DVD by Randy Bachman and Burton Cummings recorded in 2006 at CBC Studios in Toronto Ontario by CBC.
 Hundertwasser's Rainy Day (German: Hundertwassers Regentag) is a 1972 West German short documentary film about artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser rebuilding an old wooden ship called Regentag (Rainy Day). Directed by Peter Schamoni it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Rosie Dixon – Night Nurse is a 1978 British comedy film directed by Justin Cartwright and starring Debbie Ash Carolyne Argyle Beryl Reid and John Le Mesurier. It was based on a novel by Christopher Wood. A new student nurse arrives at a hospital attracting interest from the staff with comedic consequences.
 The Boys Next Door is a 1985 independent adventure-drama film about two boys who leave their small town home on the day of their high school graduation and embark on a crime and murder spree.
 All The King's Men (Russian: Vsya korolevskaya rat' Вся королевская рать) is a 1971 Soviet TV mini-series adaptation of R. P. Warren novel.
 Chiếc chìa khóa vàng (English: The Golden Key) is a 2000 Vietnamese war film romance.It was directed by Hoang Le.
 A Single Shot is a 2013 crime drama-thriller film directed by David M. Rosenthal and written by Matthew F. Jones based on his own novel of same name. The film stars Sam Rockwell William H. Macy Ted Levine Kelly Reilly and Jason Isaacs.
 The Devil and Max Devlin is a 1981 film produced by Walt Disney Productions directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and starring Elliott Gould Bill Cosby and Susan Anspach. The film was considered to be controversial for a Disney film at the time because of the subject matter and the fact that Bill Cosby was featured as a character of evil. It was also the first Disney film to actually contain profanity (in non-religious connotations) such as damn and an unfinished son of a bitch.
 Once Upon a Time in China II is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark and starring Jet Li returning as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung. It is the second film and first sequel in the Once Upon a Time in China film series. The iconic theme song A Man Should Better Himself (男兒當自強) was performed again by George Lam in the beginning of the film and by Jackie Chan in the end credits. (Chan also sang the Mandarin version.)
 Galoot is a 2003 Israeli documentary that explores the Israeli–Palestinian conflict from the perspective of Palestinian refugees and new immigrants to Israel. It includes scenes in London Israel Morocco and Poland. The film stars Dr Tim Hunt 2001 Nobel Prize in Medicine.
 A Castle in Italy (French: Un château en Italie) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Valeria Bruni Tedeschi. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
 Here Comes Fortune is a 2010 Hong Kong feature film a rendition of folklore regarding the God of Fortune. It is a comedy released during Chinese Lunar new year for seasonal celebration. The cast includes Alan Tam Zhang Zhen Miriam Yeung Kitty Zhang Yu Qi and many other cameo appearances of renowned Hong Kong Celebrities.
 30 Days is a 1999 American independent film written and directed by Aaron Harnick. It stars Ben Shenkman and Arija Bareikis and premiered at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival on 11 September. It was subsequently released in the United States on 15 September 2000.
 The Book Thief is a 2013 American-German war drama film directed by Brian Percival and starring Geoffrey Rush Emily Watson and Sophie Nélisse. Based on the novel of the same name by Markus Zusak and adapted by Michael Petroni the film is about a young girl living with her adoptive German family during the Nazi era. Taught to read by her kind-hearted foster father the girl begins borrowing books and sharing them with the Jewish refugee being sheltered by her foster parents in their home.
 Hot Ice is the 165th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Dorm That Dripped Blood (Also called Pranks and Death Dorm) is a 1982 American slasher film directed by Stephen Carpenter and Jeffrey Obrow and written by Carpenter and Stacey Giachino.The movie stars Laura Lapinski Stephen Sachs David Snow and Pamela Holland as four college students who stay on campus over the Christmas holiday to clear out a dormitory which is due for demolition.
 Bug is a 2006 American film directed by William Friedkin and starring Ashley Judd Michael Shannon and Harry Connick Jr.. The film written by Tracy Letts is based on his own play of the same name in which a woman meets a man who is holed up in a rural Oklahoma motel and becomes convinced by his delusions about bugs sent by the government. Bug debuted at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival before being purchased by Lions Gate Films who released the film the following year in May 2007.
 Separate But Equal is a 1991 American television movie depicting the landmark Supreme Court desegregation case Brown v. Board of Education based on the phrase Separate but equal.The film stars Sidney Poitier as lead NAACP attorney Thurgood Marshall Richard Kiley as Chief Justice Earl Warren Burt Lancaster as lawyer John W. Davis (loser of Briggs v. Elliott and the Democratic candidate in the 1924 US presidential election) Cleavon Little as lawyer and judge Robert L.
 Public Nuisance No. 1 is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Frances Day Arthur Riscoe and Muriel Aked. A young man goes to work as a waiter at his uncle's hotel in France.
 The Householder (Hindi title: Gharbar) (1963) is a film by Merchant Ivory Productions with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and James Ivory and direction of James Ivory. It is based upon the 1960 novel of the same name by Jhabvala. This was the first collaboration between producer Ismail Merchant and director James Ivory a documentary filmmaker till then.
 Dharmaa is a 2010 Nepali film directed by Dipendra K. Khanal. It was the first Nepali film for 22 years to feature actress Manisha Koirala who had been busy with Indian films.
 Against a Crooked Sky is a 1975 American Western film directed by Earl Bellamy and starring Richard Boone Stewart Petersen and Henry Wilcoxon.
 Hell and Mr. Fudge is an 2012 American drama film directed by Jeff Wood and written by Brian Phillip Stoddard. Based on a true story the film stars Mackenzie Astin as Edward Fudge an Alabama preacher who has been hired to determine the nature of hell.
 Chloe is a 2009 erotic thriller film directed by Atom Egoyan a remake of the 2003 French film Nathalie.... It stars Julianne Moore Liam Neeson and Amanda Seyfried in the title role. Its screenplay was written by Erin Cressida Wilson based on the earlier French film written by Anne Fontaine.Despite its mixed critical reception Chloe made more money than any of Atom Egoyan's previous films.
 City of Beautiful Nonsense is a 1919 British silent film drama directed by Henry Edwards who also starred in the film with Chrissie White. The film is based on the best-selling 1909 novel of the same name by E. Temple Thurston and is a tale of a woman intending to marry for financial gain and security who realises at the last minute that to be true to herself and to have the prospect of a happy future she must instead marry for love.
 On the Sunny Side is a 1942 drama film directed by Harold D. Schuster starring Roddy McDowall Jane Darwell and Stanley Clements.
 Elvis and the Beauty Queen is a 1981 made-for-TV film starring Don Johnson and Stephanie Zimbalist.Don Johnson stars as Elvis Presley in this made-for-TV true story about The King's love affair with Linda Thompson (Stephanie Zimbalist) a young beauty pageant contestant who was his live-in girlfriend and traveling companion for the last four years of his life.
 A Boy and His Dog is a 1946 American short drama film directed by LeRoy Prinz. It won an Academy Award at the 19th Academy Awards in 1947 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).The decades-deceased short-story author Samuel A. Derieux received story credit for the film suggesting to some the expectation that he wrote a work with the title A Boy and His Dog.
 Fatty's New Role is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Away with Words (known also by its Chinese title 三條人 roughly translated as Three Life-stories and its Japanese title 孔雀 translated as Peacock) is a 1999 auteur trilingual (Japanese English Cantonese) film by Christopher Doyle co-scripted by Doyle and Tony Rayns and starring Tadanobu Asano and Mavis Xu.
 Balu ABCDEFG is a Telugu action crime film released on 6 January 2005 and was directed by A. Karunakaran. This film stars Pawan Kalyan Shriya and Neha Oberoi. The film was produced by C. Ashwini Dutt under his production company Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie was a good grosser at the box office; it ran for 100 days successfully in 8 theaters in Andhra Pradesh. The story of this film is loosely based on Jet Li's 2004 film Unleashed
 Two Idiots in Hollywood is a 1988 comedy film written and directed by actor Stephen Tobolowsky based on his stage play of the same name.
 Even As IOU is the 65th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Young Fritz (Russian: Юный Фриц) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg based on a short satiric poem by Samuil Marshak. The film was banned by censors never released and is believed to be lost.
 Spell – Dolce mattatoio (Spell – Sweet Abattoir better known in English as Man Woman Beast) is a 1977 Italian film directed by Alberto Cavallone.
 Land of the Blind is a 2006 drama film starring Ralph Fiennes Donald Sutherland Tom Hollander and Lara Flynn Boyle.Land of the Blind is a dark political satire based on several incidents throughout history in which tyrannical rulers were overthrown by new leaders who proved to be just as bad if not worse and subtle references are made to several such cases.
 Episode is an Austrian film from 1935. It belongs to the popular Austrian light romantic comedy genre known as the Wiener Film but also contains for a film of this genre unusually serious social comment. It was written and produced by Walter Reisch.
 The Wagons Roll at Night is a 1941 circus film starring Humphrey Bogart as travelling carnival owner Nick Coster Sylvia Sidney as his girlfriend and Eddie Albert as a newcomer who falls in love with Nick's sister. It is a remake of a 1937 boxing film Kid Galahad also featuring Bogart (though as a villain).
 Ninja in the Dragon's Den (Chinese: 龍之忍者) is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written choreographed and directed by Corey Yuen in his directorial debut and starring Conan Lee Hiroyuki Sanada and Hwang Jang Lee.
 Torched is a 2004 horror short film directed by Ryan Nicholson and written by Vince D'Amato.
 The Woman in the Dunes (砂の女 Suna no Onna literally Sand woman also translated as The Woman of the Dunes) is a 1964 Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Teshigahara and starring Eiji Okada and Kyōko Kishida. It received positive critical reviews and was nominated for two Academy Awards. The screenplay for the film was adapted by Kōbō Abe from his 1962 novel of the same name.
 Ivan is a Tamil language film. Parthipan wrote the story and screenplay produced directed and acted in the film.
 Cobra (Malayalam: കോബ്ര) is a 2012 Malayalam comedy action thriller film written and directed by Lal (Paul Michael) starring himself and Mammootty in the lead roles. The songs were composed by Alex Paul and background score by Deepak Dev.
 Hannah med H is a 2003 Swedish film about an 18 year old girl named Hannah (Tove Edfeldt) who has just moved away from home. She meets a man named Jens (Thomas Mørk) claiming to be a teacher who admires her poetry. However she starts to receive prank calls and feels she is being watched. She then discovers that Jens is not actually called Jens or a teacher at all.
 Bonsoir is a 1994 French film directed by Jean-Pierre Mocky.
 Tomka and his friends (Albanian: Tomka dhe shokët e tij) is a 1977 Albanian drama film directed by Xhanfise Keko. The film stars Herion Mustafaraj as Tomka the leader of a group of boys fighting Nazis. The movie was mostly shot in the city of Berat Albania.
 The Hotel Venus (Korean: 호텔 금성 Japanese: ホテル ビ-ナス) is a Japanese-made film performed in the Korean language. It was released on March 6 2004 in Tokyo Japan and in South Korea on September 10 2004. At the Cannes Film Market in France it was released May 14 2004.
 Radio City Revels is a 1938 film. It lost $300000.
 Line of Demarcation is a 1966 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol. Its title in French is La Ligne de démarcation. It is based on upon the memoir Mémoires d'un agent secret de la France libre et La Ligne de démarcation by Gilbert Renault under his pseudonym Colonel Rémy.
 Right to Die directed by Paul Wendkos is a 1987 made-for-TV film that explored issues relating to the Right to Die movement. Raquel Welch was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1988 for her performance as Emily Bauer a psychologist diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's Disease who comes to desire her own death as her disease progresses. Michael Gross co-starred as her husband Bob.
 Gyarakal is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by [[Pijush SahaRajib Bhadra]]. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Babul Bose
 High Pressure is a 1932 American comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring William Powell and Evelyn Brent. It is based on the play Hot Money by Aben Kandel.
 Aparichita (Kannada: ಅಪರಿಚಿತ) is a 1978 Kannada suspense oriented thriller movie directed by Kashinath starring Suresh Heblikar Sobha and M. V. Vasudeva Rao. Its a directorial debut movie of Kashinath. The music was composed by noted composer L. Vaidyanathan. The movie was critically acclaimed.
 A Sunday in Kigali (original French title: Un dimanche à Kigali) is a 2006 Canadian feature film set during the Rwandan genocide.Directed by Robert Favreau it relates the story of Bernard Valcourt a documentary film maker and journalist who falls in love with a young Rwandan woman Gentille who works at the Hôtel Des Mille Collines. The brutal violence of the Rwandan genocide separates them; a few months later Bernard returns to Rwanda seeking Gentille.
 Amarkalam (Tamil: அமர்க்களம்; English: First Class) is a 1999 Tamil action film directed by Saran and produced by Venkateswaralayam. The film featured Ajith Kumar and Shalini in the lead roles with Raghuvaran Raadhika and Nassar in other pivotal roles. The film opened in August 1999 to positive reviews from critics and became a commercial success.
 Transformers Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising is a 2013 American animated action adventure television film that concludes the Transformers: Prime television series. It was first broadcast on Hub Network on October 4 2013. After the Autobots victory on Earth Unicron returns in possession of Megatron's body with the intent on destroying Cybertron forcing Autobots Decepticons and Predacons to form an unlikely alliance to counter this threat.
 Foul Play (Spanish: El puente) is a 1977 Spanish drama film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem. It won the Golden Prize the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Sea (Polish: Morze) is a 1933 Polish short documentary film directed by Wanda Jakubowska. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1933 for Best Short Subject (Novelty).
 Follow That Dream is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley made by Mirisch Productions. The movie was based on the 1959 novel Pioneer Go Home! by Richard P. Powell. Producer Walter Mirisch liked the song Follow that Dream and retitled the picture. The movie reached #5 on the Variety weekly Box Office Survey staying on the chart for three weeks and finishing at #33 on the year end list of the top-grossing movies of 1962.
 Barbie: Fairytopia is a 2005 computer animated direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Walter P. Martishius and Will Lau. This film is the fifth in the Barbie film series of computer-animated Barbie films and the first to have an original storyline not based on previous material. The plot centers on a wingless flower fairy named Elina who must save the land of Fairytopia from an evil fairy named Laverna.
 Border Warz is a 2004 thriller film directed by Rob Walker and released by Trinity Home Entertainment.The film is about a pair of women who try to investigate a drug cartel.
 Sword of Honour is a 1939 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Geoffrey Toone Sally Gray Wally Patch and Peter Gawthorne. A recruit at Sandhurst initially makes a poor impression but goes on to prove himself by riding in the Grand National.
 Spin (also known as You Are Here) is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Henry Pincus and featuring Patrick Flueger Adam Campbell Katie Cassidy and Lauren German.
 Wings of Fame is a 1990 Dutch English-language comedy fantasy film (released in the UK on 26 April 1991) directed by Otakar Votocek and starring Peter O'Toole Colin Firth Marie Trintignant Andréa Ferréol and Robert Stephens. The script was written by Dutch writer Herman Koch.
 The House Across the Bay is a 1940 film directed by Archie Mayo produced by Walter Wanger written by Myles Connolly and Kathryn Scola and released by United Artists. The picture involves a singer (Joan Bennett) who waits for an imprisoned gangster (George Raft) to be released from Alcatraz and also features Lloyd Nolan and Walter Pidgeon.
 Kispus is a 1956 Danish romantic comedy written and directed by Erik Balling. The film was the first Danish feature movie to be filmed in color.
 Jewtopia is an independent comedy film. It as a film adaptation of one of the longest running off-Broadway plays. The film is directed by Bryan Fogel and written by Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson. It stars Ivan Sergei Jennifer Love Hewitt Joel David Moore and Nicollette Sheridan.
 The Star of the Sea is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Sakon torimonochō: senketsu no tegata (左近捕物帖　鮮血の手型 literally Sakon Detective Story: The Fresh Blood Handprint) is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by 原研吉.
 The Virginian is a 1946 American Western film directed by Stuart Gilmore and starring Joel McCrea Brian Donlevy Sonny Tufts and Barbara Britton. Based on the Owen Wister novel of the same name the film is about an eastern school teacher who comes to Medicine Bow in Wyoming and encounters life on the frontier. The film is a remake of the 1929 movie with Gary Cooper and Walter Huston. There have been several versions of the story beginning with a 1914 film directed by Cecil B.
 The War Wagon is a 1967 Western film starring John Wayne and Kirk Douglas released by Universal Pictures directed by Burt Kennedy produced by Marvin Schwartz and adapted by Clair Huffaker from his own novel. The picture which features Wayne in one of his few roles as technically a bad guy (i.e. acting outside the law) received generally positive reviews.
 In the City of Sylvia (Spanish: En la Ciudad de Sylvia) is a 2007 film directed by José Luis Guerín. Almost entirely devoid of dialogue the film follows a young man credited only as 'El' (English:'Him') as he wanders central Strasbourg in search of Sylvia a woman he asked for directions in a bar several years before.
 The Stone Boy is a 1984 film directed by Christopher Cain and is based on the 1957 short story The Stone Boy by the American author Gina Berriault.
 Fighting Caravans is a 1931 American Western film directed by Otto Brower and David Burton and starring Gary Cooper Lili Damita and Ernest Torrence. Based on the 1929 novel Fighting Caravans by Zane Grey the film is about a young frontier scout who helps guide a freight wagon train across the country fighting off Indians and evil traders while his two crusty companions try and save him from falling in love.
 Walking Tall is a 1973 American action semi-biopic film of Sheriff Buford Pusser a former professional wrestler-turned-lawman in McNairy County Tennessee. It starred Joe Don Baker as Pusser. The film was directed by Phil Karlson. Based on Pusser's true story it was a combination of very loosely based fact and Hollywood revisionism.
 Soldiers Without Uniform is a 1942 short Australian documentary directed by Charles Chauvel about Australian industry during World War II.
 Emergency Ward (Spanish: Sala de guardia) is a 1952 Argentine film directed by Tulio Demicheli. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Aarohanam (English: Crescendo) is 2012 Tamil drama film directed by actress-turned-director Lakshmy Ramakrishnan. It stars Viji Chandrasekhar Jayaprakash Uma Padmanabhan and Rajee Vijayasarathy among others. According to the director the film revolves around a missing mother who suffers from bipolar disorder. The film received mostly positive reviews with some critics calling it the best Tamil film of the year.
 The Last Hunter (Italian: L'ultimo cacciatore) is a 1980 Italian macaroni combat war film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring David Warbeck.
 Shout! The Story of Johnny O'Keefe is an Australian mini series about the life of Johnny O'Keefe.It was made by a production company set up by Robert Caswell.
 Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy (大怪獣バトル ウルトラ銀河伝説 The Movie Daikaijū Batoru Urutora Ginga Densetsu Za Mūbī lit. Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy Legends The Movie) is a Japanese film released in 2009 in Tsuburaya Productions and Kaiju film' Then-43 year old Ultra Series franchise known for its star Ultraman. The film premiered in theaters on December 12 2009 distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment Japan.
 The Pumpkin Eater is a 1964 British drama film starring Anne Bancroft as an unusually fertile woman and Peter Finch as her philandering husband.The film was adapted by Harold Pinter from the 1962 novel of the same name by Penelope Mortimer and was directed by Jack Clayton. The title is a reference to the nursery rhyme Peter Peter Pumpkin Eater.
 Prime Times is a 1983 American film. It stars Leslie Nielsen.
 The Forest is a 2009 Indian film written and directed by Ashvin Kumar and produced by Kumar and Judith James. The lead role is to Ankur Vikal and the film is shot at the Corbett National Park. The film releases in India on 11 May 2012.
 Charles Manson Superstar is a documentary film about Charles Manson directed by Nikolas Schreck in 1989.Most of the documentary (the entire interview) was filmed inside San Quentin Prison. Schreck and Zeena narrated the segments while images were shown and music played in the background. There was brief footage of Spahn Ranch and a short clip of James M. Mason being interviewed about the Universal Order and Manson.
 Munnar is a 2009 Tamil thriller film directed by K. Thambi Durai. The film features Ranjith Prem and K. Thambi Durai in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ravi Devendran and was released on 2 October 2009.
 100 Days is a Bollywood film released in 1991 starring Madhuri Dixit Jackie Shroff Moon Moon Sen and Javed Jaffrey. The film is a mystery thriller that follows the events in the life of a woman with Extrasensory perception. The film was a superhit. It was a remake of Tamil Film Nooravathu Naal.
 Trishna is a 1978 Indian Hindi film directed by Anil Ganguly. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Sanjeev Kumar and Raakhee in lead roles.
 Seenu is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000. It stars Karthik and Malavika. Directed by P. Vasu it also featured him in a leading role for the first time.It is a remake of the malayalam movie Bharatham starring Mohan Lal.
 Kabut Sutra Ungu (literally Mist of Purple Silk) is a 1980 Indonesian film directed by Sjumandjaja and starring Jenny Rachman Roy Marten and El Manik. Adopted from the novel of the same name by Ike Soepomo it follows a young widow who must overcome various obstacles before marrying again.
 Mappilai Vinayagar is an upcoming Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Sriram Padmanabhan. The film a humorous take on the life of a guy who fears he won't get married at all features several members from the cult comedy show Lollu Sabha including Jeeva who plays the lead role as well as Santhanam Swaminathan and Manohar. The film also features K. Bhagyaraj Pandiarajan and Urvashi amongst a bevy of other supporting actors.
 Chappaqua is a 1966 cult film written and directed by Conrad Rooks. The film is based on Rooks' experiences with drug addiction and includes cameo appearances by William S. Burroughs Swami Satchidananda Allen Ginsberg Moondog Ornette Coleman The Fugs and Ravi Shankar. Rooks had commissioned Coleman to compose music for the film but his score which has become known as the Chappaqua Suite was not used.
 When the Kellys Were Out is an Australian feature length film directed by Harry Southwell about Ned Kelly. Only part of the film survives today.
 Bhajantrilu is a Telugu film directed by the renowned comedian M. S. Narayana and produced by K. Devi Vara Prasad. The film was released in December 2007. It was a dud at box office.
 Menzogna is a 1952 Italian film.
 Young Dillinger is a 1965 gangster film. It stars Nick Adams as the notorious criminal John Dillinger and co-stars Robert Conrad John Ashley and Mary Ann Mobley.
 Le filmeur is a 2005 French drama film directed by Alain Cavalier. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 Hidden Agenda (1990) directed by Ken Loach is a political thriller about British state terrorism during the Northern Irish Troubles that depicts the fictional assassination of an American civil rights lawyer.
 Maidan-E-Jung is 1995 Hindi film directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Dharmendra Akshay Kumar Karishma Kapoor. Other cast members include Amrish Puri Manoj Kumar (in his last film appearance) Jayapradha Gulshan Grover Kader Khan Shakti Kapoor Mukesh Khanna and Dina Pathak.
 Searchers 2.0 is a 2007 road film directed by Alex Cox. It stars Del Zamora and Ed Pansullo. Described by Cox as a microfeature it was shot on digital video in 10 days for a budget of $180000. Lacking distribution it featured a very limited theatrical run of one-night showings at various theaters throughout 2007 and 2008 followed by its premier on BBC in the UK and eventual DVD release in Japan and North America.
 The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis Margarita Levieva Arija Bareikis and Aidan Quinn.
 Prince is a 2010 Indian science-fiction action film directed by Kookie V Gulati produced by Kumar S Taurani and Ramesh S Taurani and starring Vivek Oberoi and Aruna Shields in the lead roles. It was originally titled Prince of Thieves and then Prince It's Showtime the latter of which is still sometimes used. The music is composed by Sachin Gupta with the lyrics penned by Sameer. The film was released on 9 April 2010.
 Primitive Peoples is a three-part documentary about the people of Arnhem Land. It was narrated by Peter Finch who also worked as camera assistant during filming.
 Grace Unplugged is a 2013 Christian musical drama film. The film is based on a story by Brandon Rice written and directed by Brad J. Silverman and stars AJ Michalka James Denton and Kevin Pollak. It is a family-friendly film about an 18 year old girl who rejects her father's desire for her to be a church singer and goes to Hollywood seeking stardom. The film was released to theaters October 4 2013 by Lionsgate Films and Roadside Attractions.
 .hack//The Movie (Japanese: ドットハック セカイの向こうに Hepburn: Dotto Hakku Sekai no Mukō ni lit. .hack//Beyond The World) is a Japanese CG anime film written by Kazunori Ito and directed by Hiroshi Matsuyama. It was released on January 21 2012 in theaters and was released on DVD/Blu-ray on June 28 2012.
 Carry On Teacher is the third in the series of Carry On films with 31 entries. It was released in 1959. It features Ted Ray in his only Carry On role alongside series regulars; Kenneth Connor Charles Hawtrey Kenneth Williams and Hattie Jacques. Leslie Phillips and Joan Sims make their second appearances in the series here having made their debuts in the previous entry Carry On Nurse.
 Martín Rivas is a 1925 Chilean silent film the fourth film of Carlos F. Borcosque.
 The Policewoman (Portuguese: Mulher Polícia) is an independent Portuguese drama film directed by Joaquim Sapinho produced at Rosa Filmes which had its world premiere in 2003 at the Berlin International Film Festival.
 Inquest of Pilot Pirx (Polish: Test pilota Pirxa Russian: Дознание пилота Пиркса translit. Doznanie pilota Pirksa Estonian: Navigaator Pirx) is a joint Polish//Estonian/Ukrainian 1978 film directed by Marek Piestrak based on the story The Inquest by Stanisław Lem from his short story collection More Tales of Pirx the Pilot. It was adapted for film by Vladimir Valutsky. It is a joint production by Dovzhenko Film Studios Tallinnfilm and Zespol Filmowy.
 The Legend of Buddha is an Indian animated film directed by Shamboo Falke produced by Stalin Saravanan and written by Caarthick Raju and Ramesh Karthikeyan. The United States dub was released by Walt Disney Pictures and stars the voices of Dwayne Tan and Bridgit Mendler.
 The Compulsory Wife is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Henry Kendall and Joyce Kirby. The film was a quota quickie production with a plot dealing with the farcical complications arising when a pair of strangers have to spend a night alone together in a country cottage when their hosts are detained in town. Overnight all their luggage is stolen by a burglar leaving them with nothing but their nightclothes.
 Riverbend is a 1989 film directed by Sam Firstenberg. The screenplay was written by Samuel Vance who produced the film.
 Infinite Justice is a film written and directed by British director Jamil Dehlavi. It was awarded the prize for BEST DRAMATIC FEATURE at the European Independent Awards in Paris in March 2007 and the Robert Rodriguez Award for Excellence at the 2007 Hollywood Digital Film Festival in Los Angeles. It opened in theatres in the United Kingdom on November 30 2007. In this movie Muslim fundamentalists hold an American reporter hostage.
 Barnen från Frostmofjället is a 1945 Swedish film directed by Rolf Husberg. It is based on the novel with the same name by Laura Fitinghoff.
 Vidya is 1948 Bollywood family drama film directed by Girish Trivedi and starring Dev Anand Suraiya and Madan Puri.
 The Sacketts is a 1979 American Western television film directed by Robert Totten and starring Sam Elliott Tom Selleck Jeff Osterhage and Glenn Ford. Based on the novels The Daybreakers and Sackett by Louis L'Amour the film recounts the story of the Sackett brothers in 1869 who leave their Tennessee home and start a new life together in Santa Fe.
 Mangalya Pallakku(Mal:മംഗല്യ പല്ലക്ക് English Translation: Wedding-Sedan) is a Malayalam language comedy film released in the year Jan 1 1998 starring Sreenivasan Jagadish and Kasthuri. The film was directed by Vinod Roshan on the story and screenplay written by himself. Sathyaraj has written the dialogues for the film. M. G. Sreekumar has done partial discography for this film.
 My Wedding and Other Secrets is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Roseanne Liang written by Roseanne Liang and Angeline Loo and produced by South Pacific Pictures. The film is based on Liang's real-life cross-cultural romance.
 Stray Cats (Hangul: 괭이; RR: Gwaengi; MR: Gyengi) is a 2009 South Korean short film directed by Lee Cheol-ha and starring Kim Byul.
 The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1939 mystery film based on the novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It was directed by Sidney Lanfield and produced by 20th Century Fox. It is the best-known cinematic adaptation of the book and is often regarded as one of its better film versions.The film stars Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson and Richard Greene as Henry Baskerville.
 Rio Bravo is a 1959 American Western film produced and directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne Dean Martin Ricky Nelson Angie Dickinson Walter Brennan and Ward Bond. Written by Jules Furthman and Leigh Brackett based on the short story Rio Bravo by B. H. McCampbell the film is about a sheriff who arrives in the town of Rio Bravo Texas and arrests the brother of a powerful local rancher in order to help his drunken deputy sheriff friend.
 Those She Left Behind is a 1989 made-for-TV movie about a father forced to raise his newborn daughter alone after the unexpected death of his wife in childbirth. The movie was inspired by the sitcom Full House and enjoyed some of the sitcom's success due to some shared themes as well as similar casting. Co-star Colleen Dewhurst won a 1989 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Miniseries or a Movie.
 Popstar is an American film that features teen singer Aaron Carter in his only lead role in a feature film. The direct-to-video film was directed by Richard Gabai and written by Timothy Barton; the film was released on November 8 2005. The premiere was held in The Woodlands Texas. It was filmed in Calabasas California at A.C. Stelle Middle School and the Commons.
 The Drover's Sweetheart is a 1911 film from the team of Agnes and John Gavin. It was the first film they made for their own production company after leaving Stanley Crick and Herbert Finlay in 19 July 1911 and seems to have been made at Gavin's new studios at Waverly.Very little is known about the movie which is considered a lost film.
 Deux fois is a 1968 experimental film by Jackie Raynal. Raynal stars in the film her first as a director; she had previously worked for several years as a film editor most notably for films in Éric Rohmer's Six Moral Tales series (she was reportedly the youngest professional editor in France at the time).
 People's Encounter is an Indian film released on Usha Kiron Movies in 1991. The film is based on the situations in Andhra Pradesh in early 1990s.
 The Noose is a silent film adaptation of the Willard Mack play The Noose which was released in 1928 and stars Richard Barthelmess Montagu Love Robert Emmett O'Connor and Thelma Todd. The movie was adapted by Garrett Graham and James T. O'Donohoe from the play. It was directed by John Francis Dillon and Richard Barthelmess's performance was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.The film survives at the Museum of Modern Art New York.
 Aaj Ka Andha Kanoon (English: Today's Blind Law) is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film drama directed by Amit Chandra Sahay.
 As White as in Snow (Swedish title: Så vit som en snö) is a Swedish film directed by Jan Troell. It was released in 2001. It won three Guldbagge Awards for best film best direction and best cinematography and was nominated for best screenplay[citation needed].The screenplay is based on the novel Den ofullbordade himlen by Jacques Werup which in turn is very loosely inspired by the life of Elsa Andersson the first woman aviator in Sweden. She is portrayed by Amanda Ooms in the movie.
 This Is Nollywood is a 2007 Nigerian documentary film by Franco Sacchi and Robert Caputo detailing the Nigerian film industry much along the same lines as the acclaimed 2007 documentary Welcome to Nollywood by Jamie MeltzerThrough the story of director Bond Emeruwa this documentary tells the story of a $250 million industry that has created thousands of jobs.
 Rajapart Rangadurai (English: Rangadurai in King's Attire) is a 1973 Tamil Drama Film directed by P.Mathavan and stars Sivaji Ganesan and Ushanandini.It narrates the story about a poor drama actor. It is a film on theatre artists who in time have been ignored they play all roles from mythology characters to patriotic people but fail to appeal a modern genre of viewers who part their ways to more glamour and glitter.
 Visit to a Chief's Son is a 1974 film directed by Lamont Johnson. It stars Richard Mulligan and Johnny Sekka.
 Young Winston is a 1972 British film based on the early years of British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.The film was based on the book My Early Life: A Roving Commission by Winston Churchill. The first part of the film covers Churchill's unhappy schooldays up to the death of his father.
 Triangle (Hangul: 트라이앵글; RR: Teuraiaenggeul) is a 2009 South Korean-Japanese comedy film starring Ahn Jae-wook Kang Hye-jung and Lee Soo-kyung.
 Miss Leelavathi (Kannada: ಮಿಸ್ ಲೀಲಾವತಿ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada language film directed by M. R. Vittal and written by Korati Srinivasa Rao. It stars Jayanthi as the protagonist along with Udaykumar K. S. Ashwath Ramesh and others. The film won the National Award for second best film in Kannada.The film was talked about for its bold portrayal of women and was accredited of being the first Kannada feature film showing the leading lady wearing a swim suit. The film was a musical hit with R.
 Mindscape also known as ANNA is a Spanish-American psychological thriller film and the debut feature of Spanish filmmaker Jorge Dorado The film stars Taissa Farmiga as Anna Mark Strong as John Washington and Brian Cox. The plot centers on John a detective with the ability to enter peoples' memories takes on the case of a brilliant but troubled and dangerous 16 year old girl Anna to determine whether she is a sociopath or a victim of trauma.The film's script was written by Guy Holmes.
 Just Before Dawn (1946) is the seventh Crime Doctor film produced by Columbia Pictures. It was directed by William Castle and written by Eric Taylor and Audrey Wisburg. The film stars Warner Baxter Adele Roberts Mona Barrie and Martin Kosleck. It is also known as Exposed by the crime doctor.
 The Little Mermaid is a multi-million dollar Walt Disney franchise. The success of the 1989 American animated feature The Little Mermaid led to a direct-to-video sequel a prequel film a spin-off television series a musical several video games and other merchandise.
 Samson is a 1961 film made by Academy Award-winning Polish director Andrzej Wajda that uses art house aesthetics to tell a story about the Holocaust. Wajda's World War II film alludes to the Old Testament story of Samson who had supernatural physical strength. But unlike the Biblical character Wajda's Samson has great emotional strength.
 Break of Hearts is a 1935 RKO film starring Katharine Hepburn and Charles Boyer. The screenplay was written by the team of Sarah Y. Mason and Victor Heerman with Anthony Veiller from a story by Lester Cohen specifically for Hepburn. Boyer played Franz Roberti the passionate and eminent musical conductor while Hepburn was Constance Dane an aspiring but unknown composer. She wants to see his concert but it is all sold out.
 Izzat Ki Roti is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by K. Pappu. It stars Rishi Kapoor Sunny Deol Juhi Chawla and Farha in pivotal roles.
 Il Bisbetico Domato (The Taming of the Scoundrel) is a 1980 Italian film directed by Franco Castellano and Giuseppe Moccia credited as Castellano & Pipolo. It was the top grossing film in Italian market for the season 1980/1981 earning about 17 billion of lire. The plot is loosely inspired by William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew.
 One from the Heart is a 1982 musical film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Frederic Forrest Teri Garr Raul Julia Nastassja Kinski Lainie Kazan and Harry Dean Stanton.The story is set entirely in Las Vegas.
 Back Stage is a 1919 comedy one of the last films that Buster Keaton would appear with Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle before they went their separate ways Keaton would get his own studio and Arbuckle got into feature length films.In this film Keaton Arbuckle and others work as stagehands backstage of course in a playhouse trying to help and in some cases stay far away from the eccentric and diva-like performers.
 Bled White is a 2011 Zombie horror film. It was written and directed by Jose Carlos Gomez and stars North Roberts Matthew Prochazka and Colleen Boag. The film was shot around the Chicago area during the winter. It went on to win several awards and as of 2011 is available on DVD and video on demand.
 Now Is Good is a 2012 British teen drama film directed by Ol Parker. Based on the 2007 novel Before I Die by Jenny Downham it was adapted by Parker who had recently written the screenplay for The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. The film which stars Dakota Fanning Jeremy Irvine and Paddy Considine centers on Tessa a girl who is dying of leukaemia and tries to enjoy her remaining life as much as she possibly can.The first trailer for the film was released on 5 March 2012.
 Flowing Gold is a 1940 adventure film starring John Garfield Frances Farmer and Pat O'Brien. It was based on the novel of the same name by Rex Beach. The film is set in the American oilfields and the title refers to oil.
 The More the Merrier is a 1943 American comedy film made by Columbia Pictures which makes fun of the housing shortage during World War II especially in Washington D.C.. The picture stars Jean Arthur Joel McCrea and Charles Coburn. The movie was directed by George Stevens. The film was written by Richard Flournoy Lewis R.
 Kaboom is a 2010 youth culture alternative film written and directed by Gregg Araki. The film stars Thomas Dekker Juno Temple Haley Bennett and James Duval. It premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival where it was awarded the first ever Queer Palm for its contribution to lesbian gay bisexual or transgender issues.Kaboom is a science fiction story centered on the sexual adventures of a group of college students and their investigation of a bizarre cult.
 Weddad is a 1936 film.
 Here Come The Co-Eds is a 1945 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
 Gloria's Romance is a 1916 silent film serial starring Billie Burke. It was written by Rupert Hughes and his wife and produced by George Kleine. Walter Edwin and Colin Campbell served as principal directors. It is Burke's second outing as a film actress and one of the very rare occasions a Broadway performer of her magnitude starred in a chapter play. In its original form this serial comprised 20 chapters and was 40 reels long several chapters longer than most of the time. It is a lost film.
 Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai is a Marathi movie released on 11 June 2010. Produced by Mirah Entertainment Pvt Ltd and directed by Satish Rajwade. The movie is based on a love story between a boy and girl from different cities of Pune and Mumbai respectively (played by Swapnil Joshi and Mukta Barve) and how their competitive spirits get them together.
 Chotta Mumbai is a 2007 Malayalam comedy film directed by Anwar Rasheed written by Benny P Nayarambalam and produced by Maniyanpilla Raju. The film stars Mohanlal Siddique Saikumar Bhavana Jagathy Sreekumar Indrajith Manikuttan Bijukuttan Kalabhavan Mani and Rajan P. Dev. Rahul Raj composed the score and soundtrack of the movie. The film opened to positive reviews from critics and went on to become a Blockbuster
 Moonshot is a 2009 television film depicting the story leading up to the landing of Apollo 11 on the surface of the Moon on July 20 1969.
 Thirupathi Ezhumalai Venkatesa is a 1999 Tamil comedy film directed by Rama Narayanan. The film features Prabhu S. Ve. Shekher Vadivelu Roja Urvashi and Kovai Sarala in lead roles. The film produced by N. Radha had musical score by S. A. Rajkumar and was released on 4 December 1999 to mixed reviews. The film was Rama Narayanan's 100th film and was a surprise hit at the box office.
 West Is West is a 1920 American Western film starring Harry Carey.
 Mister Butler is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000. It was a remake of Pandiarajan's Gopala Gopala released in 1996
 Basic Instinct 2 (also known as Basic Instinct 2: Risk Addiction) is a 2006 erotic thriller film and the sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct. The film was directed by Michael Caton-Jones and produced by Mario Kassar Joel B. Michaels and Andrew G. Vajna. The screenplay was by Leora Barish and Henry Bean. It stars Sharon Stone who reprises her role of Catherine Tramell from the original and David Morrissey.
 H-8 is a 1958 Yugoslavian film by Croatian director Nikola Tanhofer (SR Croatia was part of Yugoslavia).
 The Spirit of Charles Lindbergh is a short film made in 1984 by Orson Welles. The film was intended as a private video letter from Welles to his longtime friend and accountant Bill Cronshaw who was ill. In the film Welles sits behind a typewriter at his desk and speaks of the human spirit quoting the journal of aviator Charles Lindbergh. Welles was in visibly poor health himself when the film was made and he did not intend for it to be seen by the public.
 Skid Marks is a 2007 independent comedy film about two rival ambulance companies and their attempts to maintain themselves in their city directed by Karl Kozak and written by Kozak Don J. Rearden and Kraig Wenman.The film had its theatrical premiere on October 5 2007 in San Diego and in 2008 screened at the Dances With Films Festival in Los Angeles.
 Nandini I Love U (Oriya: ନଂଦିନୀ ଆଇ ଲଭ୍ ୟୁ) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Ashok Pati. It is the first venture of Producer Anama Charana Sahoo under the banner of Laxmi Puja Pvt. Ltd. Siddhanta Mahapatra and Budhaditya are playing the male lead characters whereas Bollywood fame Krisha is playing the female lead.
 This Could Be the Night is a 1957 MGM comedy-drama film directed by Robert Wise. The movie is based on the short stories by Cornelia Baird Gross and stars Jean Simmons and Paul Douglas. Actor Anthony Franciosa made his debut in this film.
 Night Call Nurses is a 1972 film directed by Jonathan Kaplan. It is the third in Roger Corman's nurses cycle of films starting with The Student Nurses (1970).
 Limitless is a 2011 American thriller film directed by Neil Burger and starring Bradley Cooper Abbie Cornish and Robert De Niro.
 Sixty Million Dollar Man (Chinese: 百變星君) is a 1995 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Raymond Yip and starring Stephen Chow Ng Man Tat and Gigi Leung.
 Spring Fever (Chinese: 春風沉醉的夜晚; literally A Night Deeply Drunk on the Spring Breeze) is a 2009 Chinese film directed by Lou Ye. The production of the film is in defiance of a five-year ban on filmmaking imposed by China's State Administration of Radio Film and Television (SARFT) for his previous film Summer Palace.
 Meet the Baron (1933) is a comedy film starring Jack Pearl Jimmy Durante Edna May Oliver Zasu Pitts Ted Healy and the Three Stooges. The title of the film refers to Pearl's character of Baron Munchhausen which he made famous on his radio show.
 Wetlands (French: Marécages) is a 2011 Canadian film from Quebec written and directed by Guy Édoin and starring Pascale Bussières Gabriel Maillé Luc Picard and François Papineau. It had its Canadian premier at the Toronto International Film Festival and its Quebec premier at the Festival de Cinéma de la Ville de Québec (FCVQ). Theatrical release was on October 14 2011.
 Old Mother Riley at Home is a 1945 British comedy film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Arthur Lucan Kitty McShane and Freddie Forbes. It is the 11th film in the long running Old Mother Riley series.
 Die Hel (or Hell) is a 2008 South African film.
 Willem van Oranje (1934) is a Dutch film directed by Jan Teunissen. The film portrays the life of William the Silent and the origins of the Dutch Revolt.
 Le Prussien is a 1971 French made-for-television film directed by Jean L'Hôte. It marked the onscreen debut of French actress Isabelle Huppert.
 The Earthling is a drama film starring William Holden and Ricky Schroder. It was filmed in 1979 in Australia and released there in 1980. Peter Collinson directed this film and died of cancer shortly after its release. It was also one of Holden's last films before his death in 1981.
 Nicholas Nickleby is a 2002 drama film written and directed by Douglas McGrath. The screenplay is based on The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby by Charles Dickens which originally was published in serial form between March 1838 and September 1839.
 Bitter Harvest is a 1993 thriller/drama film starring Stephen Baldwin Patsy Kensit and Jennifer Rubin. It was directed by Duane Clark. The film was released on November 03 1993.
 I Lived with You is a 1933 British romantic comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Ivor Novello Ursula Jeans and Ida Lupino. It is based on the play I Lived With You by Novello. A young woman meets a peniless Russian prince and takes him home to live with her family.
 Trinity Is Still My Name (Italian: ...continuavano a chiamarlo Trinità) also known as All the Way Trinity is a 1971 Italian spaghetti western comedy film directed by Enzo Barboni. It is a sequel to They Call Me Trinity and also stars Terence Hill and Bud Spencer.
 The Conscript (Dutch: De loteling) is a 1974 Belgian drama film directed by Roland Verhavert. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival. It was also selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 47th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Priyam is a Malayalam language film having kunchacko bobanArunashwinmanjima and deepa nair in the lead. The movie is taken from the Bollywood film Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke. It was released in 2000.
 The Legend of Hell House is a 1973 British horror film directed by John Hough and starring Pamela Franklin Roddy McDowall Clive Revill and Gayle Hunnicutt. The screenplay was written by Richard Matheson based on his own novel Hell House.
 Never Let Me Go is a 2010 British dystopian science fiction drama film based on Kazuo Ishiguro's 2005 novel of the same name. The film was directed by Mark Romanek from a screenplay by Alex Garland. Never Let Me Go is set in an alternate history and centres on Kathy Ruth and Tommy portrayed by Carey Mulligan Keira Knightley and Andrew Garfield respectively who become entangled in a love triangle. Principal photography began in April 2009 and lasted several weeks.
 Mystic River is a 2003 American drama thriller film directed co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood starring Sean Penn Tim Robbins Kevin Bacon Laurence Fishburne Marcia Gay Harden Laura Linney and Emmy Rossum. The film was written by Brian Helgeland based on Dennis Lehane's novel of the same name.The film opened to widespread critical acclaim.
 The Emperor and His Brother is a 1981 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel The Book and the Sword. Produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio the film was directed by Chor Yuen and starred Lo Lieh Ti Lung and Jason Pai in the leading roles.
 21ème Siècle is a 2004 film from Senegal.
 Isn't Life Wonderful? (1924) is a silent film directed by D. W. Griffith for his company D. W. Griffith Productions and distributed by United Artists. It was based on the novel by Geoffrey Moss and it went under the alternative title Dawn.Most of the scenes were filmed in Germany and Austria. Only one was filmed in New York at the studio. The film stars Carol Dempster and Neil Hamilton.
 Footsteps in the Dark is a light-hearted 1941 mystery film starring Errol Flynn as an amateur detective investigating a murder.
 How to Fight in Six Inch Heels (Vietnamese: Am Muu Giay Got Nhon) is a 2013 comedy film directed by Ham Tran and starring Kathy Uyen who also produced and co-wrote the film. The film made in Vietnam and New York City had its U.S. premiere on 13 March 2014 at CAAMFest in San Francisco.
 City of God (Portuguese: Cidade de Deus) is a 2002 Brazilian crime drama film directed by Fernando Meirelles and co-directed by Kátia Lund released in its home country in 2002 and worldwide in 2003. The story was adapted by Bráulio Mantovani from the 1997 novel of the same name written by Paulo Lins but the plot is loosely based on real events.
 Free to Love is a 1925 silent film starring Clara Bow and Donald Keith.A copy of this film still survives.
 Beware the Gonzo is a 2010 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Bryan Goluboff. The film debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010.In general usage Gonzo refers to Gonzo journalism a style of first-person confrontational journalism developed by Hunter S. Thompson in the early 1970s.
 Daybreak in Udi is a 1949 British documentary film directed by Terry Bishop about cultural changes in Udi Nigeria. It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Monsier Batignole is a French boxoffice hit film released in 2002 .The film was directed by Gérard Jugnot and featured Gérard Jugnot Jules Sitruk Jean-Paul Rouve Götz Burger Michèle Garcia and Alexia Portal in the lead role. The film showed how a French grocer Gérard Jugnot helped a young Jewish boy reach Switzerland safely.
 Blackout is a 2007 American television film that takes place in New York City during the Northeast Blackout of 2003. Written and directed by Jerry LaMothe it stars Jeffrey Wright Zoe Saldana Prodigy of Mobb Deep Michael B. Jordan and LaTanya Richardson. The film premiered at the 2007 Zurich Film Festival. It debuted on BET on February 1 2008. It was released to DVD on February 4 2008.
 Devil in the Flesh is an Australian film adapted from the French novel Le Diable au corps. It is directed by Scott Murray who is best known for being the editor of Cinema Papers. Murray adapted it to be set in rural Victoria during World War II.
 Speaking of the Devil (Italian: Un piede in paradiso also known as Standing In Paradise) is a 1991 Italian comedy film directed by Enzo Barboni. It is the last collaboration between Barboni and Bud Spencer. The role of Victor was originally intended to be played by Terence Hill but Hill had to refuse as still being engaged on the set of the Lucky Luke TV series. The film was filmed in Florida.
 The Thirty Nine Steps is a British 1978 thriller film directed by Don Sharp with screenplay by British playwright Michael Robson based on the novel The Thirty-Nine Steps by John Buchan. It was the third film version of the 1915 novel.This version of Buchan's tale starred Robert Powell as Richard Hannay Karen Dotrice as Alex John Mills as Colonel Scudder and a host of other well-known British actors in smaller parts.
 Dr. Pasupathy is a 1990 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Shaji Kailas and written by Ranji Panicker. The film introduced Rizabawa to Malayalam films. It was also noted for being the first film in which popular comedian Innocent played the lead role.
 El Gran crucero is a 1970 Argentine film.
 The Glad Eye is a 1927 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Estelle Brody Mabel Poulton and Jeanne De Casalis. It was a remake of The Glad Eye a 1920 film based on the play Le Zebre by Paul Armont. It was made at Twickenham Studios.
 The Beachcomber is a 1954 British comedy-drama film directed by Muriel Box starring Donald Sinden Glynis Johns Robert Newton Paul Rogers Donald Pleasence and Michael Hordern. The film is based on the story The Vessel of Wrath by W. Somerset Maugham and was adapted by Sydney Box. It was the second screen adaptation of the book following the 1938 film Vessel of Wrath. The film was shot in Ceylon.
 Repo Man is a 1984 American science fiction crime comedy film directed by Alex Cox. It was produced by Jonathan Wacks and Peter McCarthy with executive producer Michael Nesmith and stars Harry Dean Stanton and Emilio Estevez.
 A Glass of Water (German:Ein Glas Wasser) is a 1923 German silent historical film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Mady Christians Lucie Höflich and Hans Brausewetter. It premiered at the UFA-Palast am Zoo on 1 February 1923. It was based on a play of the same title by Eugène Scribe set in Britain during the reign of Queen Anne. The film was very well received both commercially and critically on its release. It is considered one of the milestones of Weimar cinema.
 Carry On Constable is the fourth the series of Carry On films with 31 entries. It was released in February 1960. Of the regular team it featured Kenneth Connor Kenneth Williams Charles Hawtrey Joan Sims and Hattie Jacques. Sid James makes his debut in the series here while early regulars Leslie Phillips Eric Barker and Shirley Eaton also turn up although Phillips did not appear again in the series for 32 years.
 Club Dread (also known as Broken Lizard's Club Dread) is a 2004 comedy horror film written by the comedy group Broken Lizard who also created Super Troopers. It is directed by Jay Chandrasekhar one of the group members.Though the story is set on an island in Costa Rica filming took place in Mexico.
 Kamulah Satu-Satunya is a 2007 Indonesian comedy film directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Didi Petet. The film premiered on July 12 2007 in Jakarta.
 This article is about a 1932 movie. For the pre-wedding dinner see Rehearsal dinner.Wedding Rehearsal is a 1932 British romantic comedy film starring Roland Young as a bachelor forced to seek a wife.
 Planet B-Boy is a 2007 documentary film that focuses on the 2005 Battle of the Year while also describing B-boy culture and history as a global phenomenon. This documentary was directed by Canadian-American Korean filmmaker Benson Lee shot by Portuguese-American filmmaker Vasco Nunes and released in theaters in the United States on March 21 2008. It was released on DVD on November 11 2008.
 The Importance of Being Earnest (1952) is a British film adaptation of the play by Oscar Wilde. It was directed by Anthony Asquith who also adapted the screenplay and was produced by Teddy Baird.
 Seeta Ramula Kalyanam (Telugu: సీతా రాముల కళ్యాణం) is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Eeshwar starring Nitin and Hansika Motwani. It was dubbed into Hindi as Dushmano Ka Dushman and into Tamil as Rowdy Kottai. Seeta Ramula Kalyanam Lankalo was an average grosser at the box office.
 Basti (Hindi: बस्ती Urdu: بستی) is a 2003 Indian crime film. The film stars Samir Soni and Faisal Khan in lead roles with Sheeba in a special guest appearance Shama Sikander Govind Namdeo Sadashiv Amrapurkar and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in supporting roles.
 Dreamer is a film that was released theatrically on April 27 1979. It was directed by Noel Nosseck written by Larry Bischof and James Proctor and stars Tim Matheson as the Dreamer and Susan Blakely as Karen. Dreamer was released by Magnetic Video.
 The Assassin of the Tsar (Russian: Цареубийца Tsareubiytsa) is a 1991 Russian film. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.There are two versions. One is filmed in English which later was dubbed over the Russian actors and one in Russian. Malcolm pretended to speak Russian in the other version and was later dubbed.
 Kisses for Breakfast is a 1941 screwball comedy directed by Lewis Seiler starring Dennis Morgan Jane Wyatt and Shirley Ross. The film is a remake of the 1930 pre-Code comedy The Matrimonial Bed which was produced by Warner Brothers Pictures from an English stage play adaptation by Seymour Hicks (Mr. What's His Name) of a French comic farce Au Premier de Ces Messieurs (To the First Husband) written by Mirande and André Mouëzy-Éon.
 The Proud Valley is a 1940 Ealing Studios film starring the African-American actor Paul Robeson. Filmed on location in the South Wales coalfield the heart of the main coal mining region of Wales the film tells the story of a Black American miner and singer who gets a job in a mine and joins a male voice choir. It documents the hard realities of Welsh coal miners’ lives.
 Dil Aashna Hai (translation: the heart knows the truth) is a Hindustani film which was directed by Hema Malini and released in 1992. It stars Jeetendra Dimple Kapadia Amrita Singh Sonu Walia and Kabir Bedi with Divya Bharti and Shah Rukh Khan playing the lead roles. Mithun Chakraborty has a special appearance.
 Gaali Gopura (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿ ಗೋಪುರ) is a 1962 Kannada film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu. The film starred Rajkumar Kalyan Kumar and Leelavathi in lead roles. Actor Udaya Kumar made a brief guest appearance. Acclaimed director Puttanna Kanagal had assisted Panthulu for this film.The original score and soundtrack were composed by T. G. Lingappa and had lyrics written majorly by G. V. Iyer.
 Rough Cut (Hangul: 영화는 영화다; RR: Yeonghwanun Yeonghwada; lit. A Movie is a Movie) is a 2008 South Korean action crime film. It is the debut feature of director Jang Hoon and based on an original story by Kim Ki-duk. The film had a total of 1307688 admissions nationwide.
 This film is not to be confused with the very popular Russian Song Moscow NightsMoscow Nights is a 1935 British drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Laurence Olivier Penelope Dudley-Ward and Harry Baur. During the First World War a wounded Russian officer Captain Ignatoff falls in love with his nurse. In the United States it was known under the alternative title of I Stand Condemned.
 After the Lion Jackals was an episode of Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre starring Stanley Baker.
 Oliver! is a 1968 British musical drama film directed by Carol Reed and based on the stage musical of the same name with book music and lyrics written by Lionel Bart. The screenplay was written by Vernon Harris.Both the film and play are based on Charles Dickens' novel Oliver Twist.
 Born Equal is a television film produced for the BBC. Written and directed by BAFTA award-winning Dominic Savage it stars Colin Firth Robert Carlyle David Oyelowo Anne-Marie Duff and Emilia Fox and explores aspects of poverty race inequality homelessness immigration and class in modern Britain by following the stories – at times intertwining – of several people living in London.
 Winners of the Wilderness (1927) is a MGM silent film directed by W.S. Van Dyke and starring Tim McCoy and Joan Crawford. In this costume drama set during the French-Indian War Rene Contrecouer (Crawford) the daughter of a French general falls for a soldier of fortune (McCoy). This movie was photographed mostly in black and white but one scene was in color by Technicolor.
 Secret Cutting (also known as Painful Secrets) is a 2000 Made-for-TV movie directed by Norma Bailey starring Kimberlee Peterson and Rhea Perlman about a self-injurer teenager focusing on and her relation with family friend and acquaintances. The story of the television film is based on the novel The Luckiest Girl in the World which was written by Steven Levenkron.The film aired on the USA Network.
 The Machine is a 2013 British science fiction thriller film directed and written by Caradog W. James. It stars Caity Lotz and Toby Stephens as computer scientists who create an artificial intelligence for the military.
 The Muppets is a 2011 American musical comedy film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures and the first Muppets theatrical release in twelve years. The film is directed by James Bobin written by Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller produced by David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman and stars Segel Amy Adams Chris Cooper and Rashida Jones.
 Dogfight is a 1991 film set in San Francisco California during the Vietnam War (1963 – 1966) stars River Phoenix and Lili Taylor and was directed by Nancy Savoca.The film explores the love between an 18-year-old Marine Corporal Eddie Birdlace on his way to Vietnam and a young woman Rose Fenny. Both lovers are portrayed as innocent and inexperienced: Birdlace is angry and inept Fenny is idealistic yet unsophisticated.
 Tharavattamma is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966. It was directed by the legendary P Bhaskaran.
 The Monolith Monsters is a 1957 black-and-white Universal Pictures science fiction film produced by Howard Christie and directed by John Sherwood. It stars Grant Williams and Lola Albright and is based on a story by Jack Arnold and Robert M. Fresco with a screenplay by Fresco and Norman Jolley.
 Beautiful Girls is a 1996 American film directed by Ted Demme and starring Matt Dillon Lauren Holly Timothy Hutton Rosie O'Donnell Martha Plimpton Natalie Portman Michael Rapaport Mira Sorvino and Uma Thurman.
 Io sono il capataz is a 1950 Italian western-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.
 The Orheim Company (Norwegian: Kompani Orheim) is a 2012 Norwegian drama film directed by Arild Andresen. It is a prequel to The Man Who Loved Yngve (2008) and I Travel Alone (2011).
 Law Breakers (French: Les Assassins de l'ordre) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Marcel Carné. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Death Rite (French: ''Les Magiciens'') is a 1976 film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol.
 Mirage is a 1965 thriller directed by Edward Dmytryk from a screenplay by Peter Stone based on the novel Fallen Angel written by Howard Fast under the pseudonym Walter Ericson; the novel is not credited by title onscreen. The film stars Gregory Peck Diane Baker Walter Matthau and Kevin McCarthy and released by Universal Pictures.
 The Last Dawn (Hungarian: Az Utolsó hajnal) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Sudden Fear is a 1952 American thriller film noir directed by David Miller and starring Joan Crawford and Jack Palance in a tale about a successful woman who marries a murderous man. The screenplay by Lenore J. Coffee and Robert Smith was based upon the novel of the same name by Edna Sherry.
 Chulas Fronteras is a documentary film from 1976 which tells the story of the norteño or conjunto music which is played on both sides of the Mexico–Texas border. It was directed by Les Blank. A CD soundtrack of the music played in the film is also available under the same title.In 1993 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Hot Coffee is a 2011 documentary film that analyzes and discusses the impact of tort reform on the United States judicial system. It is directed by Susan Saladoff who has practiced as a medical malpractice attorney for at least 26 years. The film premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival on January 24 2011 and later aired on HBO on June 27 2011 as a part of HBO films documentary summer series. The title is derived from the Liebeck v.
 Tish is a 1942 film.
 Behaving Badly is an upcoming comedy film written and directed by Tim Garrick and starring Selena Gomez and Nat Wolff alongside Austin Stowell. It is the film adaptation of the 2000 Ric Browde novel While I’m Dead...Feed the Dog. The movie is set to be released on September 5th 2014 in the U.S.
 Road to Ruin is a 1934 exploitation film directed by Dorothy Davenport under the name Mrs. Wallace Reid and Melville Shyer and written by Davenport with the uncredited contribution of the film's producer Willis Kent. The film which is in the public domain is about a young girl whose life is ruined by sex and drugs.
 Isabelle Eberhardt is an Australian-French film.The FFC invested $1.9 million in the film.
 Goto Island of Love (French: Goto l'île d'amour) is a 1968 French drama film directed by Walerian Borowczyk and starring Pierre Brasseur.
 Dash Akol (in Persian: داش آکُل) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Masoud Kimiai. It was adopted from a short story of the same name written by Sadegh Hedayat in his short story collection Three Drops of Blood.
 Experiments in the Revival of Organisms is a 1940 motion picture which documents Soviet research into the resuscitation of clinically dead organisms. It is available from the Prelinger Archives and it is in the public domain. The British scientist J. B. S. Haldane appears in the film's introduction. The operations are credited to Doctor Sergei Brukhonenko.
 Three Hollywood Girls is a 1931 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle (billed as William Goodrich).
 The Werewolf of Woodstock is a 1975 film produced for television by Dick Clark's production company and directed by John Moffitt.
 The Grass Orphan is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Margaret Bannerman Reginald Owen and Douglas Munro. It was based on the novel Paupers of Portman Square by I.A.R. Wylie.
 Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran (English: The flower garden guard) is a 1988 Indian Tamil language film directed by Senthilnathan. The film features starring Vijayakanth Radhika Anand Vani Viswanath and Livingston in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 6 June 1988.
 Mayer Aanchal is a 2003 Bengali film directed by Anup Sengupta and produced by Apurba Sengupta under the banner of Eskay Movies. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee Ranjit Mullick Tapas Paul and Abhishek Chatterjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra.
 The Killing Jar is a 2010 American crime thriller film written and directed by Mark Young. It stars Michael Madsen as a psychopath who takes the occupants of a remote diner hostage.
 Pakida (English: Dice) is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Sunil Karayattukara starring Asif Ali and Biju Menon in lead roles. Other cast member include Aju Varghese Vishnu Raghav Anjo Jose Sajid Shine Tom Chacko and Malavika Nair. The film is produced by Sagar Shereef and Kartha Seagulf music by Bijibal and choreography by Imithiyas Aboobacker. The film was released in 14 February 2014.
 The James Brothers of Missouri (1949) is a Republic film serial.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a 1990 American live-action film adaptation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise directed by Steve Barron. The film was followed by three sequels: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze in 1991 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III in 1993 and TMNT in 2007.
 Cholera Street (Original Turkish title: Ağır Roman literally meaning Heavy Romani) is a 1997 Turkish film directed by Mustafa Altıoklar adapted from Metin Kaçan's best selling novel Ağır Roman.
 Out of the Drifts is a lost 1916 silent film romance produced by the Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures. It was directed by J. Searle Dawley and starred Marguerite Clark.
 Kitty and the Bagman is a 1983 Australian film about gangsters in the 1920s.
 The Old Wallop is a 1927 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 65th Our Gang short that was released and was considered to be a lost film. However a foreign print of the film was found and is nearly complete. The United States version was destroyed from the 1967 MGM Vault fire
 Death Sentence (Italian: Sentenza di morte) is a 1968 spaghetti western directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Richard Conte.
 The Old Soak is a lost 1926 silent film crime drama produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by Edward Sloman. It is based on a 1922 Broadway play of the same title by Don Marquis.The play was later remade as The Good Old Soak as a vehicle for Wallace Beery.
 Dog of Flanders (フランダースの犬 Furandāsu no inu) is a 1997 Japanese anime film. It was based on the Japanese Television DramaJapanese television series aired on Nippon Television from 10 October 1992 to 27 March 1993. Both the television series and this film are inspired by the book A Dog of Flanders by Ouida.
 Two Missionaries (Italian: Porgi l'altra guancia) is a 1974 Italian action comedy starring the comedy team of Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
 Ready to Rumble is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and written by Steven Brill which is based on Turner Broadcasting's now defunct professional wrestling promotion World Championship Wrestling (WCW). The movie draws its title from ring announcer Michael Buffer's catchphrase Let's get ready to rumble! The movie features many wrestlers from WCW. Some countries such as Finland Australia and Japan were only able to see direct-to-video premiere releases of this film.
 Nightmare in the Sun (1965) is a film drama directed by John Derek and Marc Lawrence and written by George Fass and Fanya Foss about a murderous affair.Derek starred along with Ursula Andress and Aldo Ray. Smaller roles in the film featured Sammy Davis Jr. and Robert Duvall.
 Solomon & Gaenor (Welsh: Solomon a Gaenor) is a BAFTA Awarded and Academy nominated Welsh film released in 1999 and directed by Paul Morrison. It was filmed twice once with principal dialogue in English and once with it in Welsh.
 Vampire Blvd. is a 2004 vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw. This co-stars of this film include Kevin Thompson Joe Estevez and Robert Z'Dar. Actress Jill Kelly can also be seen in this film performing a small role.This film is set in 1970s Hollywood California. This film follows two primary characters Elijah Starr and Blaze Jones played by Shaw and Thompson.
 Nightfur is a 2010 New Wave science fiction film written and directed by Jason Corgan Brown. The film debuted at the Echo Park Film Center on September 4 2010 and was released in North America on December 20 2011 by Vanguard. It stars Jeter Rhodes Creighton Barrett and Jana Danae. The feature film blends new wave cinema romance and mysticism with science fiction and fantasy.
 Max is a 2002 British-Hungarian-Canadian fictional drama film that depicts a friendship between a Jewish art dealer Max Rothman and a young Austrian painter Adolf Hitler. The film explores Hitler's views which began to take shape under Nazi ideology; while also studying the artistic and design implications of the Third Reich and how their visual appeal helped hypnotize the German people. The film goes on to study the question of what could have been if Hitler had been accepted as an artist.
 The Last Song is a 2010 American coming of age teen romantic drama film developed alongside Nicholas Sparks' novel by the same name. The film was directed by Julie Anne Robinson in her feature film directorial debut and co-written by Sparks and Jeff Van Wie. The Last Song stars Miley Cyrus Liam Hemsworth and Greg Kinnear and follows a troubled teenager as she reconnects with her estranged father and falls in love during a summer in a quiet Southern United States beach town.
 Headrush is a 2003 Irish crime comedy written and directed by Shimmy Marcus about two young guys Charlie and T-Bag who hope to solve all their problems by working for a notorious Underworld Criminal The Uncle.The movie has been criticised for its unoriginality and similarities to other movies.[citation needed]
 The Black Book is a 1929 American drama film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and Thomas Storey.
 Barbara Radziwiłłówna is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1936. It was the first feature film transmitted by Polish television during its test phase (26 August 1939).
 Even Money is a 2006 American crime film.The story concerns three strangers who are addicted to gambling and how their lives come to be intertwined. They are a novelist who struggles to write her follow-up book a former stage magician and an older brother of a college basketball star. The film was directed by Mark Rydell and stars Forest Whitaker Nick Cannon Kim Basinger Danny DeVito Kelsey Grammer Tim Roth Carla Gugino Jay Mohr and Ray Liotta.
 Cold Mountain is a 2003 epic war drama film written and directed by Anthony Minghella. The film is based on the bestselling novel of the same name by Charles Frazier.
 The Torture of Silence (French: Mater dolorosa) is a 1917 silent French drama film directed by Abel Gance.
 Se los chupó la bruja (The Witch Suckled Them) is a 1958 Mexican horror comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina (Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine) Sonia Furió and Octávio Arias.
 Assassination is a 1987 action-thriller film about a bodyguard who is assigned to protect the First Lady of the United States against an assassination plot. The film was directed by Peter R. Hunt and stars Charles Bronson Jill Ireland and Stephen Elliott. Actor Chris Alcaide came out of retirement to play the Chief Justice.
 29th Street is a 1991 American comedy-drama film. It was written and directed by George Gallo and was adapted from the story by Frank Pesce and James Franciscus.
 Transmorphers: Fall of Man (previously known as Transmorphers 2) is a 2009 direct-to-DVD science fiction film produced by the American film studio The Asylum. It is a prequel to the 2007 film Transmorphers.As the title suggests this film is a mockbuster of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The plot however borrows from the 2007 Transformers film Terminator Salvation and Maximum Overdrive.
 Kalippava is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Gauravam is a 1973 Tamil movie starring Sivaji Ganesan in a dual role.
 Young America was a film first adapted for the screen by Maurine Watkins from the play by Fred Ballard (Copyright 1931 Premier Syndicate Hollywood Sept. 2). William M. Conselman rewrote the screenplay and Maurine's name no longer appeared on the credits (American Film Institute catalog). The film was directed by Frank Borzage.
 The Silence (German: Das letzte Schweigen) is a 2010 German thriller film directed by Baran bo Odar after the German crime fiction novel The Silence (German: Das Schweigen) by Jan Costin Wagner.
 Klapzubova jedenáctka is a 1938 Czechoslovak film. The film starred Josef Kemr.
 Butch Camp is a 1996 comedy film. Filmed and set in Chicago Illinois it tells the story of a mild-mannered gay man who tired of being pushed around by straights enrolls in Butch Camp a program designed to turn wimpy gay men into assertive confident gay men.
 Devil (Spanish: Diablo) is a 2011 Argentine drama film directed by Nicanor Loretti. The film won the award for Best Film in the Argentine Competition at the 2011 Mar del Plata Film Festival.
 Fire Over England is a 1937 London Film Productions' film drama notable for providing the first pairing of Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh. It was directed by William K. Howard and written by Clemence Dane from the novel Fire Over England by A. E. W. Mason. Leigh's performance in the movie helped to convince David O. Selznick to cast her as Scarlett O'Hara in his production of Gone with the Wind.
 Barbed Wire is a 1927 American silent romance film set in World War I. It stars Pola Negri as a French farmgirl and Clive Brook as the German prisoner of war she falls in love with. The film was based on the novel The Woman of Knockaloe by Hall Caine. Unlike the original novel set in Isle of Man the film takes place in Normandy France. Some plot alterations were made in the adaption including most importantly the insertion of a happy ending.
 Looking for Kitty is a 2004 American film written and directed by Edward Burns in which he plays a private detective in New York City hired by David Krumholtz to help track down his run-away wife. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 6 2004.
 The Adventures of Mr. Pickwick is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley based on the novel The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens. As of August 2010 the film is missing from the BFI National Archive and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's 75 Most Wanted lost films.
 The Marriage Maker is a lost 1923 silent film fantasy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a Broadway play The Faun by Edward Knoblock. On stage the faun character was played by William Faversham. William C. deMille directed and his wife Clara Beranger wrote the scenario.
 Chidambaram (Malayalam: ചിദംബരം) is a 1985 Malayalam film written directed and produced by G. Aravindan. It is the film adaptation of a short story by C. V. Sreeraman. The film explores various aspects of relations between men and women through the lives of three people living in a cattle farm. Themes of guilt and redemption are also dealt with. Bharath Gopi Smita Patil Sreenivasan and Mohan Das play the lead roles.
 Bellamy is a French murder mystery film released in 2009. It is the last film directed by Claude Chabrol.
 He Du! is an East German film. It was released in 1970.
 Veyilodu Vilayadu (Tamil: வெயிலோடு..விளையாடு; English: Play with the sun) is an upcoming Tamil romantic drama film directed by debutant director N. V. Ramkumar. The film features Mahesh and Dhananya in the lead roles who made their debuts with Angadi Theru and Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum both critically acclaimed movies along with Ganja Karuppu Ilavarasu Jayaprakash and Manobala in other pivotal roles. Actor Vimal has done a cameo in 'Veyilodu Vilayadu'.
 The Loyal 47 Ronin (忠臣蔵 Chushingura) is a 1958 color Jidaigeki (period drama) Japanese film directed by Kunio Watanabe.
 Yamudiki Mogudu is a 1988 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi Vijayashanti Radha Kota Srinivasa Rao & Allu Rama Lingaiah and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty. The story is based on the 1968 Hindi film Jhuk Gaya Aasman which itself was a remake of the Hollywood film Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941).The Telugu version was a blockbuster and was remade in Tamil as Athisaya Piravi with Rajinikanth but failed to meet the expectaions.
 Les Misérables is a 1909 American short silent historical drama based on the 1862 French novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. The film stars Maurice Costello and William V. Ranous and was directed by J. Stuart Blackton.Distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America the film consists of four reels. Each reel was released over the course of three months beginning on September 4 to November 27 1909.
 The Saint Meets the Tiger is the title of a crime thriller produced by the British unit of RKO Pictures produced in 1941 but not released until 1943. This was to be the last of the eight films in RKO's film series about The Saint.After his The Saint's Vacation (1941) Hugh Sinclair makes his second (and final) appearance as Templar in this adventure which sees Templar investigating a dead body left on his doorstep.
 Riot in Cell Block 11 is a 1954 drama film noir directed by Don Siegel and starring Neville Brand Emile Meyer Frank Faylen and Leo Gordon.
 The Bridges at Toko-Ri is a film from 1954 that was directed by Mark Robson and was based on the novel by James Michener about a U.S. Navy pilot assigned to bomb a group of heavily defended bridges during the Korean War. The story was made into a motion picture by Paramount Pictures. The Bridges at Toko-Ri closely follows the novel emphasizing the lives of the pilots and crew in the context of a war that seems remote to all except those who fight in it.
 Jacinta Pichimauida se enamora is a 1977 Argentine film.
 Crossed Swords (UK title: The Prince and the Pauper) is a 1977 action adventure film directed by Richard Fleischer based on The Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain. It stars Mark Lester Oliver Reed Ernest Borgnine Raquel Welch and Sir Rex Harrison.The film was notable for featuring an all star cast of British and American actors in the supporting parts.
 Premanagar or Prema Nagar (City of Love) is a 1971 Tollywood blockbuster Drama film produced by D. Ramanaidu and directed by K. S. Prakash Rao. The story is based on the Prema Nagar novel written by Koduri Kausalya Devi. The film's cast includes Akkineni Nageswara Rao Vanisree Gummadi Venkateswara Rao and Kaikala Satyanarayana.The producer D. Ramanaidu made the same films in three languages.
 Young Sherlocks is a 1922 silent short subject the fourth entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang series. Directed by Robert F. McGowan and Tom McNamara the two-reel short was released to theaters in November 1922 by Pathé.
 Le Scandale (English: Scandal) is a French romance drama film from 1934 directed by Marcel L'Herbier written by Henry Bataille starring Gaby Morlay. It is also known as O Escândalo (Portugal).
 The White Buffalo is a 1977 western film starring Charles Bronson Kim Novak Jack Warden Slim Pickens and Will Sampson. The film is rated PG in the USA. The film is directed by J. Lee Thompson who frequently teamed with Bronson. It was also the final film Bronson made for United Artists.
 Juliet of the Spirits (Italian: Giulietta degli spiriti) is a 1965 Italian-French fantasy comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini and starring Giulietta Masina Sandra Milo Mario Pisu Valentina Cortese and Valeska Gert. The film is about the visions memories and mysticism of a middle-aged woman that help her find the strength to leave her philandering husband.
 A New Day in Old Sana'a is a 2005 romantic drama film directed by Bader Ben Hirsi a British playwright and director of Yemeni ancestry and produced by Ahmed Abdali. It was shot in San‘a’ the capital of Yemen and was the first Yemeni film to be shown at the Cannes Film Festival.
 Mischief Night is a 2006 British comedy-drama film. It is the third installment of the Tina Trilogy following on from Tina Goes Shopping (1999) and Tina Takes a Break (2001). However unlike the previous two Channel 4 films Mischief Night broadens its scope to consider the wider community that Tina lives in and address issues of racial segregation. Tina is played by Kelli Hollis in all three films.
 Black Emanuelle (Italian: Emanuelle nera) is an Italian-Spanish softcore sexploitation film from 1975 directed by Bitto Albertini. Black Emanuelle follows an erotic adventure of Mae Jordan (Laura Gemser) a globe-trotting hedonistic investigative journalist and photographer known to her readers as 'Emanuelle'. The African setting of the film (shot mostly in Kenya) was particularly used to justify the title featuring a non-black lead actress.
 Il coltello di ghiaccio is a 1972 giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi. The film stars Carroll Baker Evelyn Stewart and George Rigaud. Both Baker and Stewart featured in several other films helmed by Lenzi.Elements of the film's script and direction have been cited as being reminiscent of works by fellow Italian Lucio Fulci. Allrovi's Robert Firsching has noted that Il coltello di ghiaccio should prove fascinating to genre devotees.
 Il bell'Antonio is a 1960 Italian-French drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. The film is a based on a novel by Vitaliano Brancati and adapted for the screen by Pier Paolo Pasolini and Gino Visentini. It stars Marcello Mastroianni Claudia Cardinale and Tomas Milian. The film won the Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival.
 The Dog Who Saved Christmas is a TV movie starring Dean Cain Gary Valentine and the voice of Mario López. It was written by childhood friends Michael Ciminera and Richard Gnolfo and premiered on ABC Family on November 29 2009 during their Countdown to 25 Days of Christmas programming block. It was ranked as the number one cable program during its timeslot and the number one cable film of the season with 4.0 million viewers.
 State of Denial is a 2003 documentary film about AIDS in Africa produced and directed by Elaine Epstein. The film highlights the errors of President Mbeki's government which insists that there isn't enough evidence to show that HIV causes AIDS and refuses vital life-saving drugs to their people because of unknown long-term risks.
 The Hole is a 2009 American fantasy horror-thriller film directed by Joe Dante and stars Teri Polo Chris Massoglia and Haley Bennett.
 Doraemon 3D Short Movie (ドラえもん３Ｄショートムービー) is a collection of Doraemon short movies that are viewable for free on the Doraemon website.
 Hollywood on Parade (1932 - 1934) is a series of short subjects released by Paramount Pictures.
 9:06 is a 2009 Slovene thriller film directed by Igor Šterk. The film was selected as the Slovene entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. The film won 15 awards at the 2009 Slovene Film Festival including Best Film and Best Director.
 Demons Never Die (originally titled Suicide Kids) is a British 2011 slasher film starring Robert Sheehan Jennie Jacques Jacob Anderson Jason Maza Emma Rigby. Ashley Walters Reggie Yates and Tulisa Contostavlos
 Ode to Billy Joe is a 1976 film with a screenplay by Herman Raucher inspired by the 1967 hit song by Bobbie Gentry titled Ode to Billie Joe (note difference in spelling). The film was directed and produced by Max Baer Jr. (of The Beverly Hillbillies fame) and stars Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor.
 Anandha Kanneer is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.Vijayan starring Shivaji Ganesan in lead role.
 Dragonquest is a 2009 fantasy film produced by The Asylum. It stars legendary sword-and-sandal veteran Marc Singer as Maxim a warrior who must guide a young farm boy across a dangerous terrain to retrieve the missing gems from an ancient medallion in order to bring peace to the land. The film also stars Jason Connery as The King and The Terminator's Brian Thompson as the villain Kirill.
 The Story of Menstruation is a 1946 10-minute American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was commissioned by the International Cello-Cotton Company (now Kimberly-Clark) and was shown in a non-theatrical release to approximately 105 million American students in health education classes.
 Guardians of the Galaxy is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is intended to be the tenth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
 Up! is a 1976 soft core sex comedy film directed by American filmmaker Russ Meyer. The plot centers around a bizarre murder mystery involving the death of former Nazi Adolf Schwartz a caricature of Adolf Hitler who was living in hiding in a Bavarian style castle in Northern California.Kitten Natividad plays the Greek Chorus who appears nude between scenes throughout the film to provide narration plot details and updates.
 Heaven or Vegas was a 1999 movie which was a romantic drama that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco.
 Poor Tom Is Cold is 2004 made for TV film starring Peter Outerbridge Colm Meaney Keeley Hawes and Flora Montgomery. The second film to feature the character of William Murdoch and his unique ways of doing detective work the film is based on the novel by Maureen Jennings of the same name and was directed by Michael DeCarlo from a screenplay by Janet Maclean.
 The Student Nurses is a 1970 American film directed by Stephanie Rothman. It was the second film from New World Pictures and the first in the popular nurses cycle of exploitation movies.
 Mickey's Minstrels is a 1934 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy the two-reel short was released to theaters on January 11 1934 by Post Pictures Corp.
 I Know Where I'm Going! is a 1945 romance film by the British-based filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It stars Wendy Hiller and Roger Livesey and features Pamela Brown Finlay Currie and Petula Clark in her fourth film appearance.
 Mom's on Strike is a TV movie starring Faith Ford and Tim Matheson. It premiered on ABC Family in 2002. It was directed by James Keach and written by Nancey Silvers. It is a remake and expansion of a 1984 episode of ABC Afterschool Special also titled Mom's on Strike.
 Don't Raise the Bridge Lower the River is a British-made comedy film produced by Walter Shenson starring Jerry Lewis and was released on 12 July 1968 by Columbia Pictures. It was based on Max Wilk's novel of the same name with the original Connecticut locale moved to Swinging London and Portugal.
 The Psycho Legacy is a 2010 independent documentary film that examines the history of the Psycho film franchise and the continuing legacy of the original Psycho. It also pays a tribute to actor Anthony Perkins for his portrayal of character Norman Bates. It is written and directed by Robert Galluzzo. It includes interviews with the cast and crew who were involved in the productions of Psycho Psycho II Psycho III and Psycho IV: The Beginning.
 Kishibe-chou Kidan: Tanbou-hen (岸部町奇談　探訪編) is a 2012 Japanese horror film directed by Kazuyoshi Hayashi.
 The Case of the Scorpion's Tail (Italian: La coda dello scorpione) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Sergio Martino.
 Incident is an American film noir directed by William Beaudine and featuring Warren Douglas Jane Frazee and Robert Osterloh.
 Kaisha monogatari: Memories of You (会社物語 MEMORIES OF YOU) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Jun Ichikawa.
 Sikandar Sadak Ka is an action Hindi film made in 1999. A revenge drama with Mithun in the lead role with Manek bedi and Samrat Mukherjee
 The Magic Flute (Swedish: Trollflöjten) is Ingmar Bergman's 1975 film version of Mozart's opera Die Zauberflöte. It was intended as a television production and was first shown on Swedish television on 1 January 1975 but was followed by a cinema release later that year. The film was shown at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival but was not entered into the main competition.
 Pierrepoint (titled Pierrepoint: The Last Hangman for North American release) is a 2005 British film directed by Adrian Shergold about the life of British executioner Albert Pierrepoint.The film premiered at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the UK on 7 April 2006. In the United States it had a limited theatrical release at three screens on 7 June 2007 grossing $21766.
 Ena Exypno Exypno Moutro (Greek: Ένα Έξυπνο Έξυπνο Μούτρο) also known as O Achtypos (Greek: Ο Αχτύπητος) is a 1965 Greek black and white comedy film made by Finos Films and based on a theatrical play by Tsiforos O Tilemahos Triposse (Ο Τηλέμαχος Τρύπωσε). It was directed by Andreas Andreakis written by Giannis Dalianidis and Nikos Tsiforos.The movie premiered on February 18 1965 and made about 300000 tickets in its first run.
 Vipra Narayana or Vipranarayana (Telugu: విప్రనారాయణ Tamil: விப்ரநாராயணா) story is based on the life of Thondaradippodi Alvar also called Vipranarayanar or Bhaktanghri Renu Swami was a Tamil Vaishnava Saint. He led his life in devotion to Lord Narayana and worked for the Perumal (Lord) by dedicating him with garlands. He is one of the 12 Alvars.
 Take Heed Mr. Tojo is a 1943 American animated short film directed by Shamus Culhane. It is an American World War II propaganda film featuring the character Hook who was a character similar to Private Snafu at the Warner Brothers' animation department.
 Ghost Ship is a 2002 American-Australian horror film directed by Steve Beck. The film was shot in Queensland Australia and Vancouver Canada. It stars an ensemble cast featuring Gabriel Byrne Julianna Margulies Ron Eldard Desmond Harrington and Isaiah Washington. It was produced by Dark Castle Entertainment and Village Roadshow Pictures.Despite its title the film is unrelated to the 1952 film of the same name.
 Maa is a 1976 Indian Bollywood film directed by M.A. Thirumugham and produced by Sandow M.M.A. Chinnappa Devar. It stars Dharmendra and Hema Malini in pivotal roles.
 Scott Walker: 30 Century Man is a 2006 documentary film about Scott Walker. The film gets its title from the Scott 3 song 30 Century Man. It is directed and co-produced by Stephen Kijak with Grant Gee serving as director of photography.
 The Escort (Italian: La scorta) is a 1993 Italian crime film directed by Ricky Tognazzi. It was an entry at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 An Honourable Murder is a 1960 British drama film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Norman Wooland Margaretta Scott and Lisa Daniely. It is a modern reworking of William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar set in corporate world of the City of London.
 Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British zombie comedy film directed by Edgar Wright and written by Wright and Simon Pegg and starring Pegg and Nick Frost. Pegg plays Shaun a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend his mother and stepfather. At the same time he has to cope with an apocalyptic uprising of zombies.The film was a critical and commercial success in the UK and the US.
 The Night of Counting the Years a.k.a. The Mummy (Arabic: Al-Mummia المومياء) is a 1969 Egyptian film directed by Shadi Abdel Salam. It was Salam's first feature film. Egyptian critics consistently list it as one of the most important Egyptian films ever made. The film was selected as the Egyptian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 43rd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Jewel of the Sahara is a 2001 film starring Gerard Butler Clifford David as the old Francois Renard and Peter Franzén as the young Francois Renard. ‘Jewel of the Sahara’ is comedy / short / fantasy film directed by Ariel Vromen. He also wrote the screenplay was the executive producer and edited the film. The movie was made by Keyser Productions.
 Fellers is a 1930 Australian comedy about three friends in the Australian Light Horse during the Palestine Campaign of World War I starring Arthur Tauchert who was the lead in The Sentimental Bloke (1919). The film is mostly silent with a recorded music score as an accompaniment but the last reel was synchronised with a few minutes of dialogue and a song.It is considered a lost film.
 Mr. Soft Touch is a 1949 film about a man on the run from the Mob. It stars Glenn Ford and Evelyn Keyes.
 Veerasamy (Tamil: வீராசாமி) is a Tamil action film released in 2007. The film was fully made by actor and producer T. Rajendar. Mumtaj and Meghana Naidu starred in the movie alongside him.
 Kannukkul Nilavu (Tamil: கண்ணுக்குள் நிலவு; English: The Moon in my Eyes) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Fazil. The film features Vijay and Shalini in the leading roles while Raghuvaran Srividya Kaveri and Ponvannan play other supporting roles. The film opened in January 2000 to positive reviews but became a box office failure.
 Cube Zero is a 2004 Canadian psychological thriller/horror film written and directed by Ernie Barbarash. It is the third film in the Cube film series but is a prequel to the first film. Even though the first two films take place almost entirely within the maze Cube Zero takes place in both the interior and exterior of the cube making significant use of outdoor scenes. This movie explains the origins of the Cube and the people who control it.
 The Black Pirates is a 1954 adventure film made by Salvador Films Corp. about a band of Pirates scouring a small Central American town for a buried treasure. The movie was directed by Allen H. Miner and produced from a screenplay by Fred Freiberger and Al C. Ward based on the story by Johnston McCulley.The film stars Anthony Dexter and Martha Roth with Robert Clarke Toni Gerry and Lon Chaney Jr.The tagline of the movie was Wild Raiders of the Tropic Seas!.
 Jessica is an Australian television miniseries based on the historical novel by Bryce Courtenay. Originally broadcast by Australia's Network Ten in 2004 and set in the Australian outback at the turn of the twentieth century this family based drama follows a young woman who is unjustly institutionalised. Jessica won a 2005 Logie award for best mini-series or telemovie plus two awards at the 2004 Chicago International Film Festival - one of them for the direction of Australian Peter Andrikidis.
 Broken Bridges is a 2006 film starring Toby Keith Lindsey Haun Burt Reynolds and Kelly Preston. The film a music-drama is centered on a fading country singer's return to his hometown near a military base in Kentucky where several young men who were killed in a training exercise on the base were from. He is reunited with his former sweetheart and estranged daughter who return to the town as well.
 Serenade a 1956 Warner Bros. release was tenor Mario Lanza's fifth film and his first on-screen appearance in four years. Directed by Anthony Mann and based on the 1937 novel of the same name by James M. Cain the film also stars Joan Fontaine Sara Montiel (billed as Sarita Montiel) and Vincent Price.
 Squadra antifurto (internationally released as Hit Squad) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci. It is the second chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
 The Ministers is a 2009 film starring John Leguizamo and Harvey Keitel. It premiered in the US in theaters on October 16 2009.
 Three Russian Girls is a 1943 American World War II pro-Soviet propaganda film produced by R-F Productions and distributed by United Artists. It followed in the footsteps of Mission to Moscow (1943). It was nominated for an Oscar in 1945 for best musical score. It starred Anna Sten.
 Black Dogs Barking (Turkish: Kara Köpekler Havlarken) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Mehmet Bahadır Er with co-director Maryna Gorbach starring Cemal Toktaş as a naive young parking attendant who gets mixed up with the mob in pursuit of his dream of running his own car park.
 Myna has gone (in Spanish Myna se va) is a Spanish film directed by Sonia Escolano and Sadrac González. It is a naturalistic independent film and is played by unknown actors.With a budget of only $4500 this film has won awards at several international film festivals including the Austin Film Festival one of the top 10 U.S. Film Festivals.Curiously the film features a sequence shot of 33 minutes the longest in the history of Spanish cinema.
 The Brave Warrior (Portuguese: O Bravo Guerreiro) is a 1968 Brazilian drama film directed by Gustavo Dahl. It marked the directorial debut of Gustavo Dahl. The film is said to be representative of the second phase of Brazil's Cinema Novo movement. It won the Special Award at the 1968 Festival de Brasília Best Director at the 1968 Festival de Belo Horizonte and the Best Cinematography at the 1969 Instituto Nacional do Cinema (INC) Awards.
 The Hairdresser's Husband (French: Le Mari de la coiffeuse) a 1990 French film written by Patrice Leconte and Claude Klotz and directed by Leconte. Jean Rochefort stars as the title character. Anna Galiena co-stars.It won Patrice Leconte the Prix Louis Delluc. In 1991 it was nominated for Best Foreign-Language Film in the British Academy Film Awards.
 Rambo is a 2012 Kannada comedy film written and directed by M S Sreenath. It is produced by Atlanta Nagendra and Sharan. Sharan and Madhuri are in the lead roles. This is the 100th film of actor Sharan. It was released in September 2012. Arjun Janya is the music director for the film.
 Dhuan is a 1981 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dulal Guha starring Mithun Chakraborty Raakhee Amjad Khan Ranjeeta Aruna Irani and Abhi Bhattacharya
 Crimen a las tres is a 1935 Argentine crime film directed and written by Luis Saslavsky.
 Assia and the Hen with the Golden Eggs (Russian: Курочка Ряба translit. Kurochka Ryaba) is a 1994 Russian comedy film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It was entered into the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
 Table for Three is a straight to DVD comedy film written and directed by Michael Samonek and starring Brandon Routh Jesse Bradford and Sophia Bush.Table for Three was released straight to DVD on the 23 of June 2009.
 Trapped in a Purple Haze is a TV movie about drug abuse which originally aired on ABC in 2000; its title is a reference to the Jimi Hendrix song Purple Haze. The film starred Jonathan Jackson JoBeth Williams and Carly Pope with a supporting role by Hayden Christensen (who eventually beat Jackson for the part of Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars prequel trilogy).
 In the Palace of the King is a 1923 American silent historical romantic drama film based on the novel of the same name by F. Marion Crawford. Directed by Emmett J. Flynn the film stars Blanche Sweet Pauline Starke and Edmund Lowe.A previous silent version had been made and released in 1915 by the Essanay company and starred Richard Travers and Nell Craig. Prior to the films the novel was adapted into a Broadway in 1900 starring Viola Allen and her father C. Leslie Allen.
 Ojōsan shachō (お嬢さん社長) lit. Madame Company President is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Yuzo Kawashima.It is musical film.
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III is a 1993 American action film the second sequel to the 1990 live-action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film. It was produced by Clearwater Holdings Ltd. and Golden Harvest. This was the last Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film released by New Line Cinema and released on VHS along with Columbia Tristar Home Video. It was internationally distributed by 20th Century Fox.
 El jardín de las delicias also known as The Garden of Delights in English language cinema is a 1970 Spanish drama film co-written and directed by Carlos Saura.The film was censured by contemporary Spanish Censorship because of its Franco bourgeois satire and Spanish Civil War references.
 The Last Round-Up is a 1934 American Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Randolph Scott Monte Blue and Barbara Fritchie.
 Tukuma is a 1984 Danish drama film directed by Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt. The film was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Assassin (Hangul: 암살자; RR: Amsalja) is a 1969 South Korean thriller film.
 Postal Inspector is a 1936 American film directed by Otto Brower.
 Madeleine (Hangul: 마들렌; RR: Madeulren) is a 2003 South Korean romance film starring Zo In-sung and Shin Min-ah in lead roles. The film was released on January 10 2003 in South Korean cinemas and drew a total of 146482 admissions in the nation's capital of Seoul.
 Samay(Oriya: ସମୟ) is a 1975 Indian Oriya film directed by Ganesh Mahapatra. The movie stars Shriram Panda Prashanta Nanda Tripura Misra Dhir Biswal and George Tiadi in the leading roles. For the first time in the history of Oriya film some part of this film are made in color.
 Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (also known as Baby Geniuses 2: Superbabies) is a 2004 comedy film and the last to be directed by Bob Clark before his death. It is a sequel to the 1999 film Baby Geniuses and like its predecessor It received extremely negative reviews from film critics and is often regarded as one of the worst movies of all time.
 Ek Nai Paheli is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander starring Kamal Haasan Raaj Kumar Hema Malini Padmini Kohlapure and Suresh Oberoi
 The House That Jack Built is a 1967 National Film Board of Canada animated short based on the nursery rhyme This Is the House That Jack Built. Directed by Ron Tunis written by Don Arioli and produced by Wolf Koenig the eight-minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film losing to Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day at the 41st Academy Awards.
 The Stranger's Return is a 1933 drama film released by MGM and starring Miriam Hopkins Lionel Barrymore and Franchot Tone. Miriam Hopkins was loaned out to MGM for this picture while under contract to Paramount.
 MirrorMask is a 2005 fantasy film designed and directed by Dave McKean and written by Neil Gaiman from a story they developed together starring Stephanie Leonidas Jason Barry Rob Brydon and Gina McKee. The music used in the film was composed by Iain Ballamy.The film's story revolves around a young girl named Helena Campbell who is sick of her family's career as circus performers.
 Secrets is a 1933 Western film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Mary Pickford in her last film role. The film is a remake of Secrets (1924) a silent film starring Norma Talmadge.In 1930 Pickford had begun a remake of the Norma Talmadge Secrets titled Forever Yours with director Marshall Neilan and actors Kenneth MacKenna and Don Alvarado. After spending $300000 Pickford stopped production and destroyed all negatives.
 The Sultan's Wife is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.
 Hantu Jeruk Purut (Ghost of Jeruk Purut) is a 2006 Indonesian horror film directed by Koya Pagayo and starring Angie Sheila Marcia Joseph and Samuel Z Heckenbucker. It tells the story of an aspiring writer who is haunted by the ghost she is investigating.
 La Leggenda di Wally is a 1930 Italian film directed by Gian Orlando Vassallo.It stars Piero Pastore.
 Love in Pawn is a 1953 British comedy film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Bernard Braden and Barbara Kelly.
 Good Luck! is an Indian film directed by debutant Aditya Datt and produced jointly by Karan Sharma and Jagdish Sharma. The film stars Aryeman Ramsay and Sayali Bhagat in the lead roles with Lucky Ali and Ranvir Shorey appear in supporting roles. It is inspired by Hollywood film Just My Luck. The film was released on 8 August 2008.
 A Cemetery Special is a 2005 PBS television documentary film by Rick Sebak of WQED.
 The Butterfly Circus is a short independent film created by Joshua and Rebekah Weigel in 2009.
 Chaturanga (Bengali: চতুরঙ্গ Four Chapters) is a 2008 Bengali film. Directed by Suman Mukherjee the movie featured Rituparna Sengupta Dhritiman Chaterji Subrata Dutta Joy Sengupta and Kabir Suman.
 Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto was a benefit rock concert that was held in Toronto Ontario Canada on July 30 2003. It was also known as Toronto Rocks Stars 4 SARS SARSStock SARSfest SARS-a-palooza the SARS concert or more descriptively The Rolling Stones SARS Benefit Concert. Estimated to have between 450000 and 500000 people attending the concert it is the largest outdoor ticketed event in Canadian history and one of the largest in North American history.
 Waterfront Lady is a 1935 American film directed by Joseph Santley.
 Neela Sari is a Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair released in 1976. The film is based on a popular novel written by Cheri Viswanath. It's love story with a tragic ending.
 Underdog is a 2007 American live action action comedy superhero film based on the 1960s cartoon series of the same name. The film was directed by Frederik Du Chau and stars Peter Dinklage as Dr. Simon Barsinister Patrick Warburton as Cad Lackley and Jason Lee as the voice of Underdog. The film also stars Jim Belushi Alex Neuberger Taylor Momsen and Amy Adams. The film was loosely based on the super-powered cartoon character of the same name and several other characters from the cartoon.
 House of Women is a 1962 American crime drama film directed by Crane Wilbur starring Shirley Knight and Andrew Duggan. Walter Doniger who had been initially hired to direct the film was fired and replaced by Crane Wilbur ten days into the shooting.
 Big Leaguer is a 1953 film. It starred Edward G. Robinson and was the first film directed by Robert Aldrich.Although this story is fiction Robinson's character in it Hans Lobert was an actual baseball player who played for five Major League Baseball teams and managed the Philadelphia Phillies.
 Nothing But a Man is a film made in 1964 directed by Michael Roemer. The story is about a black railroad worker who falls in love with the town’s preacher’s daughter and tries to maintain his respect in the white racist south in the early '60s. The story depicts the struggle of their strife for “a meaningful place” in their society. It stars Ivan Dixon as Duff Anderson and Abbey Lincoln as Josie Dawson.
 Blow Out is a 1981 thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars John Travolta as Jack Terry a movie sound effects technician from Philadelphia who while recording sounds for a low-budget slasher film serendipitously captures audio evidence of an assassination involving a presidential hopeful. Nancy Allen stars as Sally Bedina the young woman Jack rescues during the crime.
 On the Ice is a 2011 American drama film directed by Andrew Okpeaha MacLean. The film is set in (and was shot on location in) Barrow Alaska MacLean's home town and follows two Iñupiaq teenagers who while on a seal hunt accidentally kill one of their friends in a fight and must grapple with their grief and guilt while attempting to keep it a secret. The film is based upon an earlier work of MacLean's Sikumi which he released as a short film in 2008.
 Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu is a 1989 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Raja starring Arjun Sarja Seetha and Baby Suchita in lead roles.
 The Gods Must Be Crazy II is a sequel to Jamie Uys' 1980 comedy film The Gods Must Be Crazy and it is the second film in The Gods Must Be Crazy film series. It was made by Weintraub Entertainment Group and released by Columbia Pictures in the US and released in the rest of the world by 20th Century Fox. The film was released in the United States on 13 April 1990.
 D'Annunzio (internationally released as D'Annunzio and I and Love Sin) is a 1985 Italian biographical film directed by Sergio Nasca.
 Spring Fever is a 1919 short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film exist in the film archives of George Eastman House UCLA Film and Television Archive and the National Film Archive of the British Film Institute.
 The Man in the Mirror (German: Der Mann im Spiegel) is a 1917 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Maria Fein Bruno Decarli and Emil Rameau.
 Der Hund von Baskerville (English:The Hound of the Baskervilles) is a 1929 German silent mystery film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Carlyle Blackwell Alexander Murski Livio Pavanelli. The film is an adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Arthur Conan Doyle. It was the last Sherlock Holmes adaptation in the silent film era.
 Under California Stars is a 1948 American film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers Jane Frazee and Andy Devine. The film was shot in Trucolor. After returning from Hollywood to his ranch Rogers tackles a gang who kidnap his horse Trigger and hold it to ransom.
 Thambi (English: Younger Brother) is Tamil film released in 2006. The Madhavan Pooja starrer is directed by Seeman. It carries the message that violence doesn't pay and is not the answer to the problems of today.
 The Secret Agent is a 1996 film directed by Christopher Hampton. It stars Bob Hoskins and Patricia Arquette. It is an adaptation of the 1907 Joseph Conrad novel The Secret Agent.
 Wine for the Confused is a documentary hosted by John Cleese. It is a light-hearted introduction to wine for novices. Cleese guides viewers through the basics of wine types and grape varieties wine making wine tasting and terminology buying and storing wines through direct narrative and interviews with wine makers and wine sellers. The film duration is 92 minutes and includes visits to wineries in California. The film concludes with a large group conducting a blind wine tasting.
 Lost is a 2004 American thriller film starring Dean Cain. It was written and directed by first time filmmaker Darren Lemke.
 Flipper is an American feature film released on August 14 1963 written by Arthur Weiss based upon a story by Ricou Browning and Jack Cowden. Produced by Ivan Tors and directed by James B. Clark it portrays a 12-year old boy living with his parents in the Florida Keys who befriends an injured wild dolphin.
 The Long Walk Home is a 1990 film starring Sissy Spacek and Whoopi Goldberg and directed by Richard Pearce. Set in Alabama it is based on a screenplay about the Montgomery Bus Boycott (1955-1956) by John Cork and a short film by the same name produced by students at the University of Southern California in 1988.
 7aum Arivu pronunciation: Ēḻām aṟivu; Seventh Sense) is a 2011 Indian Tamil science fiction thriller film written and directed by A. R. Murugadoss featuring Suriya Shruti Haasan in her Tamil debut and Johnny Tri Nguyen as the main antagonist. The film produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin began production in May 2010; it was released on 25 October 2011 in Chennai and a day later on Diwali worldwide.
 Ponnagaram is a 1980 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K.S.Madhangan starring Sarath Babu and Shoba
 All Together Now is a feature-length documentary that chronicles the making of The Beatles and Cirque du Soleil collaboration project Love. The film details the story behind the unique partnership between The Beatles and Cirque du Soleil that resulted in the creation and launch of the Love stage show and the double Grammy-winning album of the same name. The film is dedicated to the memory of Neil Aspinall a former assistant to the band and head of Apple Corps.
 Little Crumb (Dutch: Kruimeltje) is a 1999 Dutch film directed by Maria Peters. It was the Netherlands' submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 The Race for Space is a 1959 documentary film directed by David L. Wolper. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 The Draughtsmen Clash (Le Damier – Papa national oyé!) is a 1996 film directed by Balufu Bakupa-Kanyinda of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Twenty Four Seven is a 1997 film directed and written by Shane Meadows. It was co-written by frequent Meadows collaborator Paul Fraser.
 Journey to Lasta is a 2004 dramatic film written and directed by Wondwossen D. Dikran.
 Avatar is a 2009 American epic science fiction action film directed written co-produced and co-edited by James Cameron and starring Sam Worthington Zoe Saldana Stephen Lang Michelle Rodriguez Joel David Moore Giovanni Ribisi and Sigourney Weaver. The film is set in the mid-22nd century when humans are mining a precious mineral called unobtanium on Pandora a lush habitable moon of a gas giant in the Alpha Centauri star system.
 Nice Bombs is a 2006 documentary film directed by Iraqi-American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi about his return to his home country to visit his family after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The film is co-produced by Alshaibi's wife Kristie Alshaibi and co-executive produced by Studs Terkel.
 J'ai rencontré le Père Noël (1984) is a French film that was dubbed in English and retitled as Here Comes Santa Claus. The film is about Simon a young boy who is bullied at school by peers and adults alike. Simon's parents have been kidnapped in Africa and the government has not responded to the ultimatum set by the kidnappers.
 New Delhi Times is 1986 Hindi film directed by Romesh Sharma and written by Gulzar starring Shashi Kapoor Sharmila Tagore Om Puri and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in lead roles. The film is about a newspaper editor who exposes the politics-media corruption nexus.The political drama film with a controversial storyline about political corruption and media ran into trouble when film distributors and television refused to run the film though later it went on to win three National Film Awards.
 Spike of Bensonhurst is a 1988 comedy-drama and mafia film directed by Paul Morrissey and starring Sasha Mitchell. The film also features Ernest Borgnine Maria Pitillo Dave Bettge and Talisa Soto.
 Aces Go Places 2 (Chinese: 最佳拍檔大顯神通) is a 1983 Hong Kong action-comedy film directed by Eric Tsang and starring Sam Hui Sylvia Chang and Karl Maka. The film has also been dubbed into English and was released overseas as Mad Mission II.It is a sequel to the 1982 film Aces Go Places.
 The Blood of Fu Manchu also known as Fu Manchu and the Kiss of Death Kiss of Death Kiss and Kill and Against All Odds is a 1968 British adventure crime film based on the fictional Asian villain Fu Manchu created by Sax Rohmer. It was the fourth film in a series and was preceded by The Vengeance of Fu Manchu. The Castle of Fu Manchu followed in 1969. It was produced by Harry Alan Towers for Udastex Films.
 The Arizona Kid is a 1939 American western film directed by Joseph Kane under the Republic Pictures banner. The film stars Roy Rogers as a Confederate officer in Missouri during the American Civil War.
 Major Wilson's Last Stand is an 1899 British silent short war film based upon the historical accounts of the Shangani Patrol. The film was adapted from Savage South Africa a stage show depicting scenes from both the First Matabele War and the Second Matabele War which opened at the Empress Theatre Earls Courte on 8 May 1899. It was taken on the field by Joseph Rosenthal for the Warwick Trading Co. Ltd.
 Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods (ドラゴンボールZ 神と神 Doragon Bōru Zetto: Kami to Kami lit. Dragon Ball Z: God and God) is the eighteenth Japanese animated feature film based on the Dragon Ball series released in theaters on March 30 2013. It is the first Dragon Ball movie in 17 years to have a theatrical release the last being the tenth anniversary movie in 1996 which followed the first three Dragon Ball films and the thirteen Dragon Ball Z films.
 Salute (1929) is a motion picture directed by John Ford starring George O’Brien Helen Chandler William Janney Stepin Fetchit and Frank Albertson about the football rivalry of the Army–Navy Game and of two brothers played by O'Brien and Janney one of West Point the other of Annapolis. John Wayne had an uncredited role in the film as one of three midshipmen who perform a mild hazing.The film was partly filmed on location at the Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland.
 My American Cousin is a Canadian drama film released in 1985. Written and directed by Sandy Wilson based on her own childhood the film stars Margaret Langrick as Sandy Wilcox a pre-teen girl growing up on a ranch in rural Penticton British Columbia in the late 1950s. Sandy's longing to be treated as an adult is roused even further when her older American cousin Butch Walker (John Wildman) comes for a visit.
 American Gothic is a 1988 horror film written by Burt Wetanson and Michael Vines and directed by John Hough. It stars Rod Steiger Yvonne DeCarlo and Michael J. Pollard.
 Masked Emotions is a 1929 silent film adventure/crime drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation starring George O'Brien and Nora Lane. The screenplay was adapted from Ben Ames Williams' short story Son of Anak. David Butler began as director but had to leave the production to attend to a family emergency Kenneth Hawks then assumed directorial duties. The Western Electric Sound System was used for the musical score and sound effects but a silent version was also made.
 Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure is a direct-to video film and High School Musical spin-off starring Ashley Tisdale. The film looks at Sharpay Evans' life after her graduation trying to get a role in a Broadway show. The film was released as a Blu-ray and DVD combination pack on April 19 2011. The Disney Channel Original Movie premiered on Disney Channel on May 22 2011. It was the first Disney Channel Original Movie to be released on DVD before being broadcast on Disney Channel.
 Norway in Revolt is a 1941 American short documentary film that was an episode in the newsreel series The March of Time. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Hester Street is a 1975 film based on Abraham Cahan's 1896 novella Yekl: A Tale of the New York Ghetto and was adapted and directed by Joan Micklin Silver. The film stars Carol Kane Steven Keats and Paul Freedman. In 2011 Hester Street was added to the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
 Bound and Gagged (1919) is a silent film serial produced by George B. Seitz Productions and distributed by Pathé. It was a spoof of the cliched melodramatic serials of the era. It was shot in Fort Lee New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.Four episodes survive in the Library of Congress film archive.
 The Valet's Wife is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. A print of the film exists in the film archive of George Eastman House.
 Racing Stripes is a 2005 American family film directed by Frederik Du Chau. It is similar in the style to the 1995 movie Babe in that the protagonist is a talking animal who lives on a farm and succeeds at an activity not expected of his species. It was filmed in Pietermaritzburg and Nottingham Road South Africa.
 Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups is a 2012 Disney direct-to-DVD family film directed by Robert Vince and produced by Anna McRoberts. It is the sequel to The Search for Santa Paws. The Santa Pups save Christmas around the world. The movie was released by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on DVD Blu-ray and as a movie download on November 20 2012.
 An American Citizen was a 1914 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley. The film is noteworthy as the debut of John Barrymore. Distributed by Famous Players Film Company the film is based on the 1897 Broadway play of the same name by Madeleine Lucette Reilly. The film is now presumed lost.
 Outside Providence (1999) is an American film adaptation by the film's director Michael Corrente of Peter Farrelly's novel of the same name (1988). Cowriters: Corrente with the brothers Peter and Bobby Farrely. It is about Timothy Dildo/Dunph Dunphy his life at mischief incentive to attend the Cornwall Academy preparatory boarding school and realization that the haze in which he has lived has to give way to something that will stay with him forever.
 Mummy & Me is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Jeethu Joseph. Mummy & Me stars Kunchacko BobanMukeshArchana Kavi Lalu Alex Urvashi Shari Janardhanan and Anoop Menon.
 A Real American Hero is an American television movie that aired on CBS on December 9 1978. The film is a fourth in the series of Walking Tall films following Walking Tall: Final Chapter.
 Wesley is a 2009 biopic about John Wesley and Charles Wesley the founders of the Methodist movement. The movie is based largely on the Wesley brother's own journals including John's private journal which was kept in a shorthand-like code that was not translated until the 1980s by Dr.
 Garçon! (English: Waiter!) is a 1983 French film directed by Claude Sautet and starring Yves Montand Nicole Garcia Jacques Villeret Marie Dubois Dominique Laffin and Bernard Fresson. It received 4 César nominations for Best Actor Best Supporting Actor (twice) and Best Sound.
 Pacific Rendezvous is a 1942 film directed by George Sidney. It stars Lee Bowman and Jean Rogers.
 Megh Roddur (Bengali: মেঘ রোদ্দুর) (English: Clouds and Sunlight)is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Surajit Dhar and Sudarhan Basu and produced under the banner of DK Entertainment. Music of the film has been composed by Rishi Chanda. The film was released on February 15 2013.
 Kaali Topi Lal Rumaal is an action Hindi film made in 2000. A revenge drama with Mithun in the lead role. There is another Hindi movie named Kali Topi Laal Roomal made in 1959 which has song Lagi Chhoote Na sung by Lata Mangeshkar and Mohammad Rafi.
 H is a 1990 Canadian film written directed and produced by Darrell Wasyk.
 The Garden Spider (Italian: Epeira Diadema) is a 1952 Italian short documentary film directed by Alberto Ancilotto. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Playbirds is a 1978 British sexploitation film made by Irish-born director Willy Roe and starring 1970s' pin-up Mary Millington alongside Glynn Edwards Suzy Mandel and Windsor Davies. When a series of female centrefolds from the glamour magazine Playbirds are murdered by an obsessive fanatic Scotland Yard are called to investigate the lurid world of pornography.
 Palace of Dreams is a 1985 Australian mini series about a hotel in working class inner city.
 Australia's Own is a 1919 Australian silent film set in New Guinea with footage shot in the Yule Island area near Port Morseby. It is a lost film. The title refers to the transfer of New Guinea from being a German possession to an Australian colony.
 The Master of Nuremberg (German: Der Meister von Nürnberg) is a 1927 German silent historical comedy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Rudolf Rittner Max Gülstorff and Gustav Fröhlich. It is based on the 1868 opera Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg by Richard Wagner. It was considered artistically unsuccessful because of its overly theatrical presentation.
 The Lodger is a 1944 horror film about Jack the Ripper based on the novel of the same name by Marie Belloc Lowndes. It stars Merle Oberon George Sanders and Laird Cregar features Sir Cedric Hardwicke and was directed by John Brahm from a screenplay by Barré Lyndon.Lowndes' story had previously been filmed in 1926 as a silent film The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog directed by Alfred Hitchcock and with sound in 1932 as The Lodger.
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is a 1936 drama film based on the 1886 novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett. The film stars Freddie Bartholomew Dolores Costello and C. Aubrey Smith. The first film produced by David O. Selznick's Selznick International Pictures it was the studio's most profitable film until Gone With the Wind.The film was critically well received and is now in the public domain.
 Around the World with Dot is a 1981 Australian animated film. It is a sequel to Dot and the Kangaroo.It was also known as Dot and Santa Claus.
 Sundarkkilladi (English: Handsome Player) is a 1998 Malayalam directed by Murali krishnan and stars Dileep Shalini Ajithkumar Nedunudi Venu Kuthiravattom Pappu Nandu Reshmi Boban Asokan in the lead.
 Édes Anna is a 1958 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Frauenschicksale is an East German film. It was released in 1952 and sold more than 5100000 tickets.
 Oskar is a 1962 Danish film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring William Bewer.
 Mull is a 1988 Australian drama film directed by Don McLennan. The film is based on the popular 1986 book Mullaway by Bronwen 'Bron' Nichols.
 Haute Cuisine is a 2012 French comedy-drama film based on the true story of Danièle Mazet-Delpeuch and how she was appointed as the private chef for François Mitterrand. The original French title is Les Saveurs du Palais.
 Night Work is a 1939 American film starring Mary Boland Charles Ruggles Billy Lee and Donald O'Connor. The film was a bit of a sequel to the earlier film of the year Boy Trouble considering it had the same characters and actors. But Boy Trouble was a very serious drama while Night Work was a comedy.
 Wild Animals (야생동물 보호구역 Yasaeng dongmul bohoguyeog) is Korean director Kim Ki-duk's second film released in 1996. It is a crime-drama film set in Paris and stars Cho Jae-hyun Dong-jik Jang and Ryun Jang.
 Die Entscheidung des Dr. Ahrendt (English-language title: Dr. Ahrendt´s Decision) is an East German black-and-white film directed by Frank Vogel. It was released in 1960.
 Spiderhole is a 2010 horror film written and directed by Daniel Simpson. The film is Simpson's feature film directorial debut and is distributed by IFC.
 The Marriage Bond is a 1932 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Mary Newcomb Guy Newall and Stewart Rome. A drunken man is left by his wife but she later comes back to him when she realises how desperate he is. It was made by Twickenham Film Studios.
 Reign Over Me is a 2007 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Binder and produced by Jack Binder. The film stars Adam Sandler Don Cheadle Jada Pinkett Smith Liv Tyler Donald Sutherland Saffron Burrows and Mike Binder himself.Distributed by Columbia Pictures the film was released on March 23 2007. The film was released to DVD and Blu-ray on October 9 2007.
 Shri Ram Vanvas is a 1977 Bollywood drama film directed by Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao. It is the sequel to the film Sita Swayamvar.
 Skinheads is a 1989 USA thriller film directed written and produced by Greydon Clark starring Chuck Connors Barbara Bain and Jason Culp.
 Believe in Me is a 1971 American romantic drama film directed by Stuart Hagmann and written by Israel Horovitz. The film was produced by Robert Chartoff and Irwin Winkler.
 Judge Not; or The Woman of Mona Diggings is a 1915 American drama film starring Julia Dean and featuring Harry Carey.
 Adaline also known as The Age of Adaline is an upcoming American epic romantic-drama film directed by Lee Toland Krieger and written by J. Mills Goodloe and Salvador Paskowitz. The film stars Blake Lively Michiel Huisman and Harrison Ford.
 Young Abraham is a CGI animated film portraying the early years of biblical Abraham.
 Mischief Night is a 2013 horror thriller film directed by Richard Schenkman who also wrote the screenplay. It focuses on a young lady who suffers from psychosomatic blindness being terrorized by a hooded killer.
 The Green Inferno is a 2013 American cannibal horror-thriller film directed by Eli Roth and co-written with Guillermo Amoedo. The film stars Lorenza Izzo Ariel Levy Sky Ferreira and Daryl Sabara. Seeking to exploit widespread misconceptions of Native people a subtitle at the beginning of the trailer gives the film a pseudo-ethnographic quality in making the implausible claim that the indigenous tribe had never been filmed before and that it was shot on location in Peru.
 Tora-san His Tender Love (男はつらいよ フーテンの寅 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Fūten no Tora) is a 1970 Japanese comedy film directed by Azuma Morisaki. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Kuruma Torajirō (Tora-san) and Michiyo Aratama as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san His Tender Love is the third entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series and the first of only two in the series not directed by Yoji Yamada.
 Basement Jack is a 2009 American slasher horror film which was written by Brian Patrick O'Toole and directed by Michael Shelton it stars Billy Morrison Tiffany Shepis and Lynn Lowry.
 Khoon Ki Keemat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Shibu Mitra. The film stars Ashok Kumar and Mahendra Sandhu.
 EkBar Bolo Valobasi (Bengali: একবার বল ভালবাসি ; English: Just One Time say you love me) is a Dallywood Bengali film that released on Auguast 31 2011 in Eid ul-Fitr and went on to become a box-office success in Bangladesh and It's a romantic action film directed by Boduoal Alam Kokun and leading stars are Shakib Khan & Apu Biswas. It also stars Toma Mirza Kazi Haith Shaiva Shano and Misha Sawdagar in supporting roles. The film is one of the highest grossing movies of 2011.
 The World at War is a 1942 documentary film produced by the Office of War Information. One of the earliest long length films made by the government during the war it attempted to explain the large picture of why the United States was at war and the various causes and circumstances which brought the war into being. It can thus be seen as an anticipation or trial run of the much better know 6-part Why We Fight propaganda film series directed by Frank Capra.
 O atsidas (Greek: Ο ατσίδας) is a 1962 Greek comedy film directed by Giorgos Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos Zoi Laskari and Vangelis Protopappas.
 Time the Comedian is a 1925 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard. The film stars Mae Busch and Lew Cody. The film was a hit.
 Blind Alleys is a 1927 American silent romantic drama film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Geordie (released in the U.S. as Wee Geordie) is a 1955 British film based on David Walker's novel of the same title with Bill Travers in the title role as a Scotsman who becomes an athlete at the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games.
 Tujhe Meri Kasam (Hindi: तुझे मेरी कसम; Urdu: تجھے میری قسم‎; English translation: My Promise to You) is a 2003 Hindi movie starring Ritesh Deshmukh Genelia D'Souza Shriya Saran. It was directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and produced by Ramoji Rao with Viju Shah as music director. This film marked the debut of Ritesh Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza.This movie was a remake of Malayalam blockbuster Niram directed by Kamal.
 Maya is the coming of age story of a young girl in a South Indian village. Starring Nitya Shetty Mita Vashisht Anant Nag Nikhil Yadav; the plot centers around an abusive religious ritual practiced in some villages in Southern India when a young girl has her first period.
 A Perfect Spy is a BBC serial adaptation of John le Carré's spy novel A Perfect Spy. It follows the career of the British MI6 spy Magnus Pym from his early days as a schoolboy to his eventual disappearance as a suspected agent of the Czech secret service.
 Wyoming Outlaw is a 1939 American Three Mesquiteers Western film starring John Wayne Ray Corrigan and Raymond Hatton. Wayne played the lead in eight of the fifty-one films in the series. The director was George Sherman.
 La familia hippie ('The Hippie Family') is a 1971 Argentine musical comedy film by Enrique Carreras. It stars Ángel Magaña and Palito Ortega. Not being a movie about 'hippies' as such the title refers to the portrayal of a family in which mother and daughter are pregnant simultaneously. The movie is a remake of the 1955 production La cigüeña dijo ¡Sí! by Carlos Lopis.
 The Man Outside is a British film released in 1968. It was previously exhibited in Austria and West Germany in 1967. The story is based on the novel Double Agent by Gene Stackleborg.
 Bulbule Baghdad is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1941.
 Wallace & Gromit's Musical Marvels (also known as Wallace and Gromit at the Proms) is the name of Prom 20 of the 2012 season of The BBC Proms which features orchestral renditions of Julian Nott's theme from Wallace & Gromit and classical music set to scenes from the Wallace & Gromit films. Wallace is performed by Ben Whitehead the actor who performed Wallace in the episodic adventure game series Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures.
 Mylari (Kannada: ಮೈಲಾರಿ) is a 2010 Kannada film that has Shivrajkumar and Sada in the lead and is directed by R. Chandru Taj Mahal (movie) fame.
 Ventarrón (Gale) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Conventioneers is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Mora Stephens depicting a romance between a delegate at the Republican National Convention and a member of the Democratic Party.At Rotten Tomatoes the film received 75% positive reviews from the T-meter critics including Nathan Lee from New York Times.
 Sweethearts is a 1997 American independent film starring Janeane Garofalo and Mitch Rouse and written and directed by Aleks Horvat.
 Married Love is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Lillian Hall-Davis Rex Davis and Sydney Fairbrother. It was also known by the alternative titles Married Life and Maisie's Marriage. The film was loosely based on the 1918 non-fiction book Married Love by Marie Stopes.
 Home Again is a 2012 Canadian drama film directed by Sudz Sutherland shot primarily in Trinidad and Tobago and set in Kingston Jamaica about three people who have been deported back to Jamaica despite having lived in Canada United States and United Kingdom for most of their lives.
 Rosebud is a 1975 film directed by Otto Preminger and starring Peter O'Toole Richard Attenborough and Peter Lawford. The script was by Otto's son Erik Lee Preminger based on the novel by Joan Hemingway and Paul Bonnecarrere. Originally the film was set to star Robert Mitchum but he left after disagreements with Preminger. Kim Cattrall later of Sex and the City fame makes her film debut playing a teenager.
 Julius Caesar is a 2002 mini-series about the life of Julius Caesar. It was directed by Uli Edel and written by Peter Pruce and Craig Warner. It is a dramatization of the life of Julius Caesar through 82 BC to his death in 44 BC. It is of note that it is mostly historically accurate and being one of the last two films of the legendary Richard Harris being released in the year of his death. The series was originally broadcast on TNT and involved location shooting in Malta and Bulgaria.
 Children of Jerusalem is a 1994 film that is a selection from a now-seven part documentary series that shows the holy city of Jerusalem from the distinctive perception of the municipality’s children who hail from various cultural economic social and religious backgrounds.
 Back to Bosnia (Bosnian: Na put Bosne (kuci )) is a documentary that shows the uphill battle that refugees face when trying to return to Bosnia or even just to reclaim their properties.It shows not only the problems that Bosniaks (Bosnian Muslims) face but also the problems of Bosnian Serb refugees that moved to other parts of Bosnia.
 American Nightmare is a 1983 horror film shot in Canada. It is directed by Don McBrearty.
 Isle of the Dead (1945) is one of producer Val Lewton's horror films made for RKO Radio Pictures. The movie had a script inspired by the painting Isle of the Dead by Arnold Böcklin which appears behind the title credits though the film was originally titled Camilla during production.
 La Soupe aux Choux (translation: Cabbage Soup) is a 1981 French film directed by Jean Girault based on a novel by René Fallet. It was the second to last movie made by French comedian Louis de Funès.
 Never Love A Stranger is a 1958 crime and gangster film that is based on Harold Robbins' 1948 debut novel with the same title. The film was shot in black and white starring John Drew Barrymore and Robert Bray and featuring a young Steve McQueen.The noir film is about Frankie Kane (Barrymore) who is brought up in a Catholic orphanage. He befriends a Jewish law student named Martin Cabell (McQueen) and becomes romantically involved with Cabell's sister Julie (Milan).
 1857 is a 1946 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fifth highest grossing Indian film of 1946.
 Jig is a 2011 documentary produced and directed by Sue Bourne about the world of Irish dance and the fortieth Irish Dancing World Championships held in March 2010 in Glasgow.
 Taxi 4 (stylised as T4xi) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and the fourth installment of the Taxi series. As with all the other films in the Gallic Taxi franchise Samy Naceri plays taxi driver Daniel Morales this time in a Peugeot 407 unlike the 406 in the previous films. Frédéric Diefenthal is Émilien Coutant-Kerbalec whilst Jean-Christophe Bouvet reprises his role as General Bertineau yet again. The film also features French footballer Djibril Cissé.
 Woman by Woman: New Hope for the Villages of India is a 2001 documentary film by filmmaker Dorothy Fadiman.
 Away All Boats is a 1956 American war film produced by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Joseph Pevney and produced by Howard Christie from a screenplay by Ted Sherdeman based on the 1953 novel by Kenneth M. Dodson.Dodson (1907–1999) served on the USS Pierce (APA 50) in World War II and used his experiences there as a guide for his novel.
 Hunterwali (English: A Woman with a Whip) is a 1935 Hindi stunt film by the Wadia Movietone company of Bombay (now Mumbai) featuring Fearless Nadia as the heroine. A story of a princess who fights injustice as the masked crusader Hunterwali (lit. lady with the whip) the film propelled Nadia and the Wadia brothers of Wadia Movietone to fame.Hunterwali was the first lead role for Nadia. She performed many stunts in the film which were applauded by the audience.
 The Stool Pigeon is a 1915 English crime film directed by and starring Lon Chaney. The picture was Chaney's debut film as a director. He subsequently directed six other films. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Easy! (Italian: Scialla!) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Bruni.
 Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise (Françoise ou La vie conjugale) is a 1964 French film directed by André Cayatte telling the story of a marriage break-up told from the man's point of view.The film is also known as Anatomy of a Marriage: My Nights With Francoise.The film's companion piece Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc tells the story from the woman's point of view.
 The Elder is an independent film adaptation of the 1981 Kiss concept album Music from The Elder. The films plot is based around the concept devised by Kiss co-founder Gene Simmons.The film is being produced by British author and musician Seb Hunter and partner Owen Oakeshott and is currently set for release in 2014. The film has so far not been acknowledged or sanctioned by Kiss or their management.
 Rangila Ratan is a 1976 Bollywood action film directed by S. Ramanathan.
 Anna and the King of Siam is a 1946 drama film directed by John Cromwell. An adaptation of the 1944 novel by Margaret Landon it was based on the fictionalized diaries of Anna Leonowens an Anglo-Indian woman who claimed to be British and became governess in the Royal Court of Siam (now modern Thailand) during the 1860s. Darryl F.
 One Touch of Venus is a 1948 black-and-white American romantic musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter starring Robert Walker and Ava Gardner released by Universal Studios and based on the Broadway musical of the same name book written by S. J. Perelman and Ogden Nash with music composed by Kurt Weill (lyrics by Nash). However the film omits most of Weill's music.
 Across the Bridge is a 1957 British film directed by Ken Annakin. It is based on the short story of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Rod Steiger and Bernard Lee.
 Carson City is a 1952 American Western film starring Randolph Scott Lucille Norman and Raymond Massey.Based on a story by Sloan Nibley the film is about a railroad construction engineer whose plans to build a railroad line between Nevada's Carson City and Virginia City are met with hostility by the locals who feel the trains will attract outlaws. Filmed on location at Iverson Ranch Bell Ranch and Bronson Canyon in Griffith Park Carson City was Warner Bros.' first film shot in WarnerColor.
 Rahu Ketu is a 1978 Bollywood action film directed by B.R. Ishara.
 La Llorona (The Crying Woman) is a 1960 Mexican film directed by René Cardona. Based on the tale of La Llorona it tells of a family that is cursed by the evil spirit of Luisa this stories weeping woman. The film was filmed on location in Guanajuato Mexico.
 Return to Nim's Island is a 2013 Australian adventure-fantasy film directed by Brendan Maher and starring Bindi Irwin Matthew Lillard Toby Wallace and John Waters. The story is based on the book Nim at Sea by Wendy Orr. It is the sequel to the 2008 film Nim's Island.
 The Redemption of a Pal is a 1914 American silent drama short directed by Henry Otto starring Edith Borella Charlotte Burton George Field Winifred Greenwood and Edward Coxen.
 Mr Firecul is a 2004 British short film starring footballer David Ginola.
 Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 war film directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick. The screenplay by Kubrick Michael Herr and Gustav Hasford was based on Hasford's 1979 novel The Short-Timers. The film stars Matthew Modine Adam Baldwin Vincent D'Onofrio R. Lee Ermey Dorian Harewood Arliss Howard Kevyn Major Howard and Ed O'Ross. The story follows a platoon of U.S. Marines through their training and the experiences of two of the platoon's Marines in the Tet Offensive during the Vietnam War.
 The Steamboat Adventures of Riverboat Bill is a 1987 animated Australian film set on the Murray River at the turn of the century. It was based on a popular children's novel by Cliff Green.
 Qué hombre tan sin embargo is a 1967 Mexican comedy film directed by Julián Soler produced by Gregorio Walerstein and starring Eulalio González Piporro Julissa Enrique Rambal and Lucy Gallardo.
 Matewan is a 1987 American drama film written and directed by John Sayles and starring Chris Cooper James Earl Jones Mary McDonnell and Will Oldham with David Strathairn Kevin Tighe and Gordon Clapp in supporting roles.The film dramatizes the events of the Battle of Matewan a coal miners' strike in 1920 in Matewan a small town in the hills of West Virginia.
 Kidnapped is a 1948 Drama directed by William Beaudine starring Roddy McDowall Sue England and Dan O'Herlihy. The former child star Roddy McDowall plays David Balfour in the story about a young man cheated out of his birthright by his wicked covetous uncle Ebenezer (Houseley Stevenson).
 Jannal Oram (English: Window Side) is a 2013 Tamil comedy drama film directed by Karu Pazhaniappan A remake of the 2012 Malayalam film Ordinary it stars Parthiban Vimal Vidharth Poorna and Manisha Yadav of Vazhakku Enn 18/9 fame. The story is set in Pannaikadu a hillside village with only one bus service to and from a nearby town. The film released on 29 November 2013.
 Rough Justice (Italian: La belva) is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Mario Costa and starring Klaus Kinski.
 The Missionary is a 1982 British comedy film directed by Richard Loncraine produced by George Harrison Denis O'Brian Michael Palin (also the film's writer and co-producer) and Neville C. Thompson.
 Filmistaan is a 2013 Indian film written & directed by Nitin KakkarThe film was screened at the Busan International Film Festival the Mumbai Film Festival and the International Film Festival of Keralawhere it won the The Silver Crow Pheasant Award for Best Debut Film in International Film Festival of Kerala. The film bagged the Best Feature Film in Hindi in the 60th National Film Awards 2012. The film was also screened at 24th Palm Springs International Film Festival California.
 The Oyster Dredger is a 1915 silent drama film written by directed by and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Woman Between Wolf and Dog (Dutch: Een vrouw tussen hond en wolf French: Femme entre chien et loup) is a 1979 Belgian-French drama film directed by André Delvaux. It was entered into the 1979 Cannes Film Festival and received the André Cavens Award for Best Film by the Belgian Film Critics Association (UCC). The film was also selected as the Belgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 52nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Aval (English: She) is a 1967 Malayalam film directed by P. M. A. Azeez with Madhu K. P. Ummer Adoor Bhasi Kaduvakulam Antony Kedamangalam Ali Krishnankutty Maya Meenakumari Kozhikode Santha Devi and Ushanandini in the star cast. The film is about sexual impotence divorce and a social system riddled with incestuous relationships. It was the first Malayalam film to be directed by a Film Institute graduate. It also marked the debut of cinematographer Mankada Ravi Varma.
 Wild West Days (1937) is a Universal film serial based on a western novel by W. R. Burnett. It was the 103rd of the studio's 137 serials (and the 35th with sound).
 Deep Waters is a 1948 drama film directed by Henry King. The film is based on the 1946 novel Spoonhandle written by Ruth Moore and was nominated for an Academy Award.
 The Little Hour of Peter Wells (Dutch: De heldendaad van Peter Wells) is a 1921 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Reunion (遺体 明日への十日間 Itai: Asu e no Tōkakan) is a Japanese film directed by Ryoichi Kimizuka starring Toshiyuki Nishida. It premiered at the Montreal World Film Festival in September 2012 and was released at cinemas in Japan on 23 February 2013.
 Naa Autograph (English: My Autograph) is a 2004 Tollywood film directed by S. Gopal Reddy. The film stars Ravi Teja as the protagonist with Bhumika Chawla Gopika Mallika and Prakash Raj playing other important roles. The film is a remake of the superhit Tamil film Autograph which starred Cheran and Sneha in the lead roles.
 Birth of the 10th! Kamen Riders All Together!! (10号誕生!仮面ライダー全員集合!! Jūgō Tanjō! Kamen Raidā Zen'in Shūgō!!) is a Kamen Rider Series Japanese TV special that aired on January 3 1984. It is a special meant to celebrate the birth of Kamen Rider ZX the 10th person to don the Kamen Rider title.
 The Woman Inside is a 1981 drama film made by 20th Century Fox and directed by Joseph Van Winkle who co-wrote screenplay with Steve Fisher (uncredited).
 Tartuffe (Herr Tartüff) is a German silent film produced by Erich Pommer for UFA and released in 1926. It was directed by F. W.
 Raaz is a 1967 Hindi movie directed by Ravindra Dave. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Babita I. S. Johar and Asit Sen. The films music is by Kalyanji Anandji. Rajesh Khanna and Babita are introduced in this film.
 Just One Summer is a 2012 Filipino romance-drama film directed by Mac Alejandre starring Julie Anne San Jose and Elmo Magalona.
 Forbidden (aka Scarlet Heaven ) is a 1949 British thriller film directed by George King and starring Douglass Montgomery Hazel Court and Patricia Burke. The film was produced by George King for Pennant Picturens and was the last directorial assignment for King and the final screen appearance by Montgomery.
 Kannathil Muthamittal (English: A Peck on the Cheek) is a 2002 Tamil drama film directed and produced by Mani Ratnam. It features P. S. Keerthana Madhavan and Simran in the leading roles with Nandita Das J. D. Chakravarthy Prakash Raj and Pasupathy portraying other pivotal characters. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman while Ravi K. Chandran handled the cinematography.
 The Good Girl is a 2002 black comedy film directed by Miguel Arteta from a script by Mike White and stars Jennifer Aniston Jake Gyllenhaal and John C. Reilly.
 Dead Friend (Hangul: 령; RR: Ryeong; lit. The Ghost) is a 2004 South Korean horror film. It is one of a number of South Korean horror films set in a girl's high school; the trend began with 1998's Whispering Corridors.
 Lake City is a 2008 American drama film directed by Perry Moore and Hunter Hill and stars Sissy Spacek Troy Garity and Dave Matthews.
 Code of the Outlaw is a 1942 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Madame X (Greek title I Agnostos) is a 1954 Greek drama film directed by Orestis Laskos. It is based on the 1908 play by French playwright Alexandre Bisson (1848-1912).
 The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians (Czech: Tajemství hradu v Karpatech literally The Mystery/Secret of the Castle in the Carpathians) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský. It is based on Jules Verne's novel The Carpathian Castle (called Tajemný hrad v Karpatech in Czech translations).The film marks Lipský's third and final collaboration with the humorist Jiří Brdečka and also features special props by Jan Svankmajer and music by Luboš Fišer.
 The Harmonium in My Memory (Hangul: 내 마음의 풍금; RR: Nae Maeumui Punggeum) is a 1999 South Korean film based on the best-selling Korean semi-autobiographical novel Female Student by Ha Keum-chan.
 Shalimar is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Las Tres perfectas casadas (The Three Perfect Wives) is a 1953 Mexican comedy film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ça ira - Il fiume della rivolta also released internationally as Thermidor is an Italian collage film of documentary film and drama film genres directed by Tinto Brass.
 Chikku Bhukku is a 2010 Tamil romance film written and directed by Manikandan starring Arya Shriya Saran and debutante Preetika in the lead roles with Santhanam and Anoop Kumar in supporting roles. The film was released on 3 December 2010.
 Men Without Souls (1940) is a Crime movie starring Barton MacLane - Glenn Ford and directed by Nick Grinde
 Fallen Angels is a 1995 Hong Kong movie written and directed by Wong Kar-wai starring Leon Lai Takeshi Kaneshiro Michelle Reis Charlie Yeung and Karen Mok.Fallen Angels can be seen as a companion piece to Chungking Express.
 This article is about a 1932 film. For the comic book series see Wild Girl (comics)Wild Girl is a 1932 American historical drama film starring Charles Farrell Joan Bennett Ralph Bellamy and Eugene Pallette. The movie was directed by Raoul Walsh based on a play by Paul Armstrong Jr. which in turn was based on the story Salomy Jane's Kiss by Bret Harte.
 Okkadunnadu (Telugu: ఒక్కడున్నాడు) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Gopichand in the lead role Neha Jhulka is female lead and Mahesh Manjrekar as the antagonist. The film was written and directed by Chandra Sekhar Yeleti and produced by P. Chiranjeevi (Cherry) who was an executive producer for hit films such as Chatrapati and Vikramarkudu. The film released on 3 March 2007 turned out to be an average flick at the boxoffice.
 The Last Company (German:Die letzte Kompagnie) is a 1930 German war film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Conrad Veidt Karin Evans and Erwin Kalser. It was part of the popular cycle of Prussian films which portrayed patriotic scenes from Prussian history. The film's art direction was overseen by Andrej Andrejew. It was shot on location around Havelland in Brandenburg. It is also known by the alternative title Thirteen Men and a Girl. It was later remade in 1967 as Eine Handvoll Helden.
 Soldier of Fortune is a 1955 adventure film about the rescue of an American held prisoner in the People's Republic of China in the 1950s. It was directed by Edward Dmytryk starred Clark Gable and Susan Hayward and was written by Ernest K. Gann based on his 1954 novel.
 Ebb Tide is a 1922 American silent adventure film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by George Melford. It is taken from the novel The Ebb-Tide by Robert Louis Stevenson and his step-son Lloyd Osbourne. The story had been filmed before in 1915 by Selig Polyscope Company. It would be filmed again 1937. Melford's production is a lost film.
 Rice on White is a comedy film directed by American director Talun Hsu. It is currently in post-production and due to be released in 2012.
 Winx Club: The Secret of the Lost Kingdom (Italian: Winx Club - Il Segreto Del Regno Perduto) is an Italian CGI animated feature film based on the television series Winx Club taking place after the events of the first three seasons. The film had premiere on November 30 2007 in Italian cinemas.Rainbow S.r.l. offered the film to the Cannes Film Festival in 2007. Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia sings the film's ending song All the Magic.
 Mother is a 1914 silent film drama directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Emma Dunn. The film marked Tourneur's first American made film. Dunn was 39 years old and had starred on Broadway in the play version of the story this film is based on. This film was produced by William A. Brady who also produced the 1910 play. The film has a similar plot to the 1920 Fox film Over the Hill to the Poorhouse.The Library of Congress has a complete print.
 Straight Time is a 1978 film directed by Ulu Grosbard starring Dustin Hoffman Theresa Russell Gary Busey Harry Dean Stanton M. Emmet Walsh and Kathy Bates.
 Jim Brown: All-American is a 2002 documentary film directed by Spike Lee. The film takes a look at the life of NFL hall-of-famer Jim Brown. The film delves into his life—past present and future—focusing on his athletic career acting and activism. Many people from Hollywood and sports backgrounds were interviewed for the film. Members of Brown's family were also interviewed for the film. It debuted on HBO and is subsequently aired at various times.
 Olive the Other Reindeer is the titular character of a CGI animated Christmas television special written by Steve Young and directed by Oscar Moore. The feature was produced by Matt Groening's The Curiosity Company and animated by DNA Productions. It first aired on December 17 1999 on Fox produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Flower Films. The special combines paperlike character art in 3-D environments.
 Pencil is an upcoming Tamil film directed by debutant Mani Nagaraj and produced by S. P. Ragavesh. The film features G. V. Prakash Kumar and Sri Divya in the lead roles with the former also composing the film's music. The film is expected to be released in mid 2014.
 Love is a 1919 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. Prints of the film still survive.
 The True Story of Jesse James is a 1957 American Western drama film adapted from Henry King's 1939 film Jesse James which was only loosely based on James' life. It was directed by Nicholas Ray with Robert Wagner portraying Jesse James and Jeffrey Hunter starring as Frank James. Filming took place during 1955. Titled The James Brothers for release in the United Kingdom the film focused on the relationship between the two James brothers during the last 18 years of Jesse James' life.
 He Wrote a Book is a 1916 American silent short comedy directed by and starring William Garwood and Edward Brady. Lois Wilson also starred.
 Ariel is a 1988 Finnish drama film directed and written by Aki Kaurismäki. The film tells the story of Taisto Kasurinen (Turo Pajala) a Finnish coal miner who must find a way to live in the big city after the mine closes and his father also a miner commits suicide.Taisto's friend is played by Matti Pellonpää an actor who appeared in many of Kaurismäki's early films.This is the second film in Kaurismäki's Proletariat Trilogy (Shadows in Paradise Ariel and The Match Factory Girl).
 Shall We Dance is the seventh of the ten Astaire-Rogers musical comedy films. It was released in 1937.
 Gambling with Souls is a 1936 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.
 Iyer the Great is a 1990 Malayalam language psychological thriller directed by Bhadran and starring Mammootty Geetha Sukumari and Devan. M. S. Mony won the National Film Award for Best Editing for his work in this movie.
 The Big Cube is a 1969 Warner Bros. thriller directed by Tito Davison and starring Lana Turner Karin Mossberg (in her first and only role) George Chakiris Daniel O'Herlihy and Richard Egan; it was one of Lana Turner's last movies. It is notable for its aggressive portrayal of LSD use and the 1960s youth counterculture as vicious evils.
 Deva (Kannada: ದೇವ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language romantic action film starring Vishnuvardhan and Rupini in the lead roles. The film is directed by Vijay and written by M. D. Sundar. The film was later remade in Tamil as Dharma Dorai starring Rajinikanth and Gouthami and later in Hindi as Tyagi.
 Freighters of Destiny is a 1931 Western film starring Tom Keene.
 Qeysar (Persian: قیصر‎ Caesar) also written as Gheisar Kaiser and Gheysar is a 1969 film by acclaimed Iranian filmmaker Masoud Kimiai. The film was considered a landmark in the Iranian cinema and led to a new trend for brooding noir dramas in which outraged family honour is avenged.Behrooz Vossoughi as the eponymous hero became a legendary actor in Iranian cinema.
 Storm Warning is a 1951 American thriller directed by Stuart Heisler and featuring Ginger Rogers Ronald Reagan Doris Day and Steve Cochran. Lauren Bacall was originally cast in the part eventually played by Rogers. Bacall turned it down and was put on suspension by Warners for her defiance.
 Oh Saigon is a 2007 autobiographical documentary by Vietnamese American director Doan Hoang about her family's separation during the fall of Saigon and her attempt to reunite them afterwards. Oh Saigon was executive produced by Academy Award and Emmy winner John Battsek. Oh Saigon received film grants from the Sundance Institute Documentary Fund ITVS and the Center for Asian American Media and after its release received a number of film festival awards and accolades.
 Goodbye Solo is a 2008 American independent film written and directed by Ramin Bahrani. It premiered as an official selection of the 2008 Venice Film Festival where it won the international film critic's FIPRESCI award for best film and later had its North American premiere at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. The film is distributed by Roadside Attractions. The film exhibits significant thematic and plot similarities to Abbas Kiarostami's 1997 film Taste of Cherry.
 Sausage Party is an upcoming American 3D computer adult animated comedy film directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon and written by Evan Goldberg Kyle Hunter Seth Rogen and Ariel Shaffir. The film stars Rogen Jonah Hill James Franco and Kristen Wiig.
 The Chinese Puzzle is a 1919 British silent crime film directed by Fred Goodwins and starring Leon M. Lion Lilian Braithwaite and Milton Rosmer. It was an adaptation of the play The Chinese Puzzle written by Lion and Frances Barclay.
 The Sporting Life is a 1925 comedy drama directed by Maurice Tourneur and a remake of Tourneur's 1918 film of the same title based on Seymour Hicks's popular play. Universal Pictures produced and released the film. .Once thought lost it survives at UCLA Film and Television.
 La casa de la Troya (The House of Troy) is a 1948 Mexican film. It stars Luis Alcoriza.
 Jack the Giant Killer is an American fantasy film produced by The Asylum and directed by Mark Atkins. A modern take of the fairy tales Jack the Giant Killer and Jack and the Beanstalk the film stars Ben Cross and Jane March. It is a mockbuster of Jack the Giant Slayer.
 Justified Action is a 1993 Australian film about the head of international security for a corporation who tracks down a Japanese businessman.
 Funny Girl is a 1968 romantic musical film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by Isobel Lennart was adapted from her book for the stage musical of the same title. It is loosely based on the life and career of Broadway and film star and comedienne Fanny Brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler Nicky Arnstein.The film was produced by Brice's son-in-law Ray Stark.
 Buona Sera Mrs. Campbell is a 1968 American comedy film starring Gina Lollobrigida and directed by Melvin Frank who co-wrote the original screenplay with Denis Norden and Sheldon Keller.The United Artists release was filmed at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome. It served as the basis for the unsuccessful 1979 stage musical Carmelina and the plot of the enormously successful stage musical Mamma Mia! and its 2008 movie adaptation.
 The Exorcist is a 1973 American supernatural horror film directed by William Friedkin adapted by William Peter Blatty from his 1971 novel of the same name. The book inspired by the 1949 exorcism case of Roland Doe deals with the demonic possession of a 12-year-old girl and her mother's desperate attempts to win back her child through an exorcism conducted by two priests.The film features Linda Blair Ellen Burstyn Max von Sydow Jason Miller Lee J.
 How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck is a 1976 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog produced by Werner Herzog Filmproduktion. It is a 44 minute film documenting the World Livestock Auctioneer Championship held in New Holland Pennsylvania. Herzog has said that he believes auctioneering to be the last poetry possible the poetry of capitalism.Herzog describes the auctioneering as an extreme language ...
 Robin Hood starring Douglas Fairbanks and Wallace Beery is the first motion picture ever to have a Hollywood premiere held at Grauman's Egyptian Theatre on October 18 1922. The movie's full title under which it was copyrighted is Douglas Fairbanks in Robin Hood as shown in the illustration at right. It was one of the most expensive films of the 1920s with a budget estimated at approximately one million dollars and generally received favorable reviews.
 Vallakottai is a 2010 Tamil action film directed by A. Venkatesh. A remake of the successful 2007 Malayalam Mammootty-starrer Mayavi the film features Arjun in the lead role and released on November 5 2010.This film opened with decent reviews and became a moderate success among 2010 Deepavali releases and was released along with Uthamaputhiran and Mynaa. It has been dubbed in Hindi as Main Hoon Akela : The One and Only.
 Children Of Glory (Hungarian: Szabadság Szerelem) is a 2006 film directed by Krisztina Goda.
 Esprit d'amour is a 1983 Hong Kong supernatural romance film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Alan Tam Shu-Chun Ni and Cecilia Yip.
 The Ringer is a 2005 comedy starring Johnny Knoxville Katherine Heigl Christina Cartwright and Brian Cox with cameos by Terry Funk and Jesse Ventura. Directed by Barry W. Blaustein it was produced by the Farrelly brothers. The film was released on December 23 2005 by Fox Searchlight.
 Mystery in Mexico is a 1948 crime thriller directed by Robert Wise. It stars William Lundigan and Jacqueline White.
 Sivakasi is a 2005 Tamil action film directed by Perarasu starring Vijay Asin and Prakash Raj in lead roles. The film's music is composed by Srikanth Deva. The film released during Diwali 2005 and was declared as a commercial success .
 San Yuan Li (Chinese: 三元里; pinyin: sān yuán lǐ) is a 2003 experimental independent Chinese documentary directed and produced by artists Ou Ning and Cao Fei.
 Long Road to Heaven is a 2007 Indonesian feature film about the 2002 Bali bombing by Kalyana Shira Films. The film was directed by Enison Sinaro and written by Wong Wai Leng and Andy Logam-Tan. It tells the story during three different times: the planning a few months before the bombing its execution in 2002 and the trials in 2003. The story is not chronologically linear. It starts with the explosion and then moves from time to time until all three plots culminate one after the other.
 Akele Hum Akele Tum (English: I'm Just Alone So Are You) is a 1995 Hindi musical drama romance film. It starred Aamir Khan Manisha Koirala and Master Adil and was directed by Mansoor Khan. The music is by Anu Malik and the lyrics are by Majrooh Sultanpuri. The plot of this film is based on 1979 Academy Award winning film Kramer vs. Kramer starring Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman. The film did not fare as expected at the box office.
 Mr. Ace is a 1946 American film about a society woman (Sylvia Sidney) who taps a gangster (George Raft) for his political support as she runs for Congress. The movie was written by Fred F. Finkelhoffe and directed by Edwin L. Marin.
 Monogamy directed and co-written by Dana Adam Shapiro is about the strained relationship of an engaged Brooklyn couple Theo (Chris Messina) and Nat (Rashida Jones).
 The Border (Finnish: Raja 1918 Russian: Граница 1918 tr. Granitsa 1918) is a 2007 Finnish-Russian war drama film directed by Lauri Törhönen. Set in the spring of 1918 right after the Finnish Civil War the film is about a Finnish soldier who is sent to the village of Rajajoki to form a border between Finland and Soviet Russia.
 Dressed to Kill is a 1980 erotic crime thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma and starring Michael Caine Angie Dickinson Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon. It centers on the murder of a housewife and an investigation involving a young prostitute who witnessed the murder the victim’s teenaged son and her psychiatrist.
 L'amour n'est pas un pêché English: The love is not a sin is a French comedy film from 1952 directed by Claude Cariven written by Claude Cariven starring Robert Dhéry and Louis de Funès.
 Deadly Strike also known in the West as Breakout from Oppression is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed Lau Kar-leung and his adopted brother Gordon Liu the latter helming his directorial debut. Film stars Liu alongside Dean Shek.
 If I Stay is an upcoming 2014 drama film based on the novel If I Stay the film is directed by R.J. Cutler and written by Gayle Forman. It is set to be released on August 22 2014.
 Passion Flower Hotel (also known as Leidenschaftliche Blümchenalso known as Boarding School) is a 1978 comedy film featuring the erotic ventures of schoolgirls residing at a private boarding school. It was directed by André Farwagi. It stars Nastassja Kinski as one of the schoolgirls in her third feature film.
 Bonjour Monsieur Shlomi (Hebrew title: Ha-Kochavim Shel Shlomi הכוכבים של שלומי - Shlomi's Stars) is a 2003 film written and directed by Shemi Zarhin.The story is about a 16-year-old Moroccan-Israeli boy by the name of Shlomi who cares for everyone in his life but himself.Shlomi lives with his jealous and pretentious mother his soldier brother and their elderly grandfather.
 For the 1925 René Clair film Paris Which Sleeps see Paris Qui Dort.While Paris Sleeps (1923) is a film based on the novel The Glory of Love by Leslie Beresford (aka Pan) directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Lon Chaney and John Gilbert. The film is lost.
 Chettayees: Lovable Rascals is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film written by Sachi and directed by Shajoon Kariyal. The film is produced under the banner of Thakkaali Films a production house launched by a group of friends – actors Biju Menon and Suresh Krishna cinematographer P. Sukumar scenarist Sachi and director Shajoon Kariyal.The film tells the story of friendship.
 For the TV sitcom of this title see Designing Women.Designing Women also known as House of Cards was a 1934 British film directed by Ivar Campbell and written by N.W. Baring-Pemberton.
 The Last Mimzy is a 2007 science fiction adventure drama film directed by Robert Shaye and loosely adapted from the 1943 science fiction short story Mimsy Were the Borogoves by Lewis Padgett (the pseudonym of husband and wife team Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore). The film features Timothy Hutton Joely Richardson Rainn Wilson Kathryn Hahn Michael Clarke Duncan and introducing Rhiannon Leigh Wryn as seven-year old Emma Wilder and Chris O’Neil as fourteen-year old Noah.
 Reds is a 1981 epic film that was co-written produced and directed by Warren Beatty. The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days that Shook the World.
 Pop Goes the Easel is the seventh short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Double McGuffin is a 1979 film written and directed by Joe Camp. The film starred Ernest Borgnine and George Kennedy alongside a group of young actors some of whom later became famous including Lisa Whelchel who would go on to star in the sitcom The Facts of Life.Elke Sommer and NFL stars Ed 'Too Tall' Jones and Lyle Alzado also appear in smaller roles. The film also included a young Vincent Spano as well as Dion Pride (son of country singer Charley Pride).
 Kismetwala is a 1986 Bollywood Indian action film directed by S D Narang starring Mithun Chakraborty Ranjeeta Kaur and Asha Parekh.
 Mona Lisa Smile is a 2003 drama film produced by Revolution Studios and Columbia Pictures in association with Red Om Films Productions directed by Mike Newell written by Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal and starring Julia Roberts Kirsten Dunst Julia Stiles and Maggie Gyllenhaal. The title is a reference to the Mona Lisa the famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci and the song of the same name originally performed by Nat King Cole which was covered by Seal for the movie.
 Papirosnitsa ot Mosselproma (English:The Cigarette Girl from Mosselprom)) is Soviet silent comedy film directed by Yuri Zhelyabuzhsky and starring Igor Ilyinsky.
 All the World's a Stooge is the 55th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Joe the King is a 1999 drama film written and directed by Frank Whaley based largely on his own childhood and the childhood of his brother. It stars Noah Fleiss Val Kilmer Karen Young Ethan Hawke John Leguizamo Austin Pendleton Camryn Manheim Max Ligosh and James Costa. The film premiered at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival where it won the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award (shared with Guinevere).
 Little Lord Fauntleroy is a 1980 British family film directed by Jack Gold and starring Alec Guinness Rick Schroder and Eric Porter. It is based on the children's novel of the same name.
 The Bargee is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood and starring Harry H. Corbett Hugh Griffith Eric Sykes and Ronnie Barker. The screenplay was written by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson.
 Unacceptable Levels is a 2013 documentary film about the widespread use of artificial chemicals and their effects on the natural environment and on human health.
 The Diabolical Dr. Z (Spanish: Miss Muerte) is a Spanish-French 1965 horror film directed by Jesus Franco. The film stars Mabel Karr as Irma Zimmer a surgeon who creates a machine that turns people into zombified slaves. Ms. Zimmer is the daughter of a Professor Zimmer (a disciple of Dr. Orloff) who was hounded to his death several years earlier by four of his scientific associates.
 Königswalzer is a 1955 West German romance film directed by Victor Tourjansky starring Marianne Koch and Michael Cramer. It is a remake of the 1935 film of the same name.
 Sisters & Brothers is a 2011 Canadian drama film written and directed by Carl Bessai.The film explores the relationships of four sets of siblings who have not (in one case never) had contact for some time. It is the final film in Bessai's Family X trilogy exploring family relations following 2008's Mothers & Daughters and 2010's Fathers & Sons.
 9-11: American Reflections is a 2001 documentary film. Captures the attitudes of the American public in the wake of the September 11 2001 attacks. It is directed by Shireen Kadivar and edited by Boris Elkis. The runtime is 50 minutes.
 Kill Your Friends is an upcoming British Dark comedy crime-thriller film directed by Owen Harris script written by John Niven based on his own written 2008 novel of the same name. The film stars Nicholas Hoult Craig Roberts Tom Riley and Georgia King.
 Omkara is a 2006 Indian crime dramafilm adapted from Shakespeare’s Othello co-written and directed by Vishal Bhardwaj. It starred Ajay Devgan Saif Ali Khan Vivek Oberoi and Kareena Kapoor in the lead roles supported by Naseeruddin Shah Konkona Sen Sharma and Bipasha Basu. The director Vishal Bhardwaj himself composed the entire music for the film including the background score with lyrics by Gulzar.
 All Fall Down is a 1962 American drama film adapted from the novel All Fall Down (1960) by James Leo Herlihy the author of Midnight Cowboy (1965). It was directed by John Frankenheimer and produced by John Houseman. The screenplay was adapted by playwright William Inge from the novel and the film starred Eva Marie Saint and Warren Beatty. Upon its release the film was a minor box-office hit.
 The Lost World of Communism is a three-part British documentary series which examines the legacy of communism twenty years on from the fall of the Berlin Wall. Produced by Peter Molloy and Lucy Hetherington the series takes a retrospective look at life behind the Iron Curtain between 1945 and 1989 focusing on three countries in the Eastern Bloc - East Germany Czechoslovakia and Romania.
 Venus and Serena is a documentary film that takes and inside look at Venus Williams and Serena Williams lives and careers. Venus and Serena was directed by Maiken Baird and Michelle Major. It was the official selection at the 2013 Miami International Film Festival 2012 Toronto Film Festival 2012 Tribeca Film Festival and 2012 Bermuda Docs Film Festival. Venus and Serena will be released by Magnolia Picutures May 10 2013.
 Beetlejuice is a 1988 American comedy fantasy film directed by Tim Burton produced by The Geffen Film Company and distributed by Warner Bros.
 Protagonist is a 2007 documentary film about the parallels between human life and Euripidean dramatic structure. The film was written and directed by Jessica Yu.It featured extensive interviews with German terrorist Hans-Joachim Klein ex-gay Christian evangelist Mark Pierpont Mexican bank-robber Joe Loya and martial-arts enthusiast Mark Salzman (and the director's husband). Interspersed with the interviews are scenes from ancient Greek drama performed by puppets.
 Thennavan is a 2003 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by newcomer M. Nandakumaran and produced by Vijayakanth who plays the lead role. In this film Vijayakanth as Thennavan IASwho put in charge of the CHIEF ELECTION COMMISSIONER and fight against corrupted politicians.The musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja.The film released on 15 August 2003 coinciding with India's Independence Day.
 Rancho Grande is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Written by Bradford Ropes Betty Burbridge and Peter Milne based on a story by Peter Milne and Connie Lee the film is about a singing cowboy and ranch foreman responsible for completing an important irrigation project and for the three spoiled grandchildren of his former boss who come out West to the ranch they inherited.
 One Direction: This Is Us is a 2013 British-American 3-D concert film centering on British group One Direction. It opened in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2013 followed a day later in the United States.
 Ishqiya is a 2010 Indian black comedy thriller film starring Vidya Balan Arshad Warsi Naseeruddin Shah and Salman Shahid in the lead roles. It was directed by Abhishek Chaubey in his directorial debut and was produced by Raman Maroo and Vishal Bharadwaj. The film was released on 29 January 2010.The film was declared an average performer at the box office. It was selected for screening at the 34th Cairo International Film Festival.
 Une Parisienne is a 1957 French comedy film starring Brigitte Bardot Charles Boyer and Henri Vidal directed by Michel Boisrond. Bardot plays the daughter of the French President who marries her father's secretary but the couple becomes jealous of each other's purported sexual flings.
 The Builder is a 2010 feature film directed by Rick Alverson. The film features actor Colm O'Leary (New Jerusalem) in is debut performance as an Irish immigrant struggling to reconcile the American ideal and its manifestation in the real world. It was the first feature film released by the independent music label Jagjaguwar.
 My Best Friend's Wedding is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by P.J. Hogan starring Julia Roberts Dermot Mulroney Cameron Diaz Rupert Everett Philip Bosco M. Emmet Walsh Rachel Griffiths Carrie Preston and Susan Sullivan.The film received mostly positive reviews from critics and is considered to be one of the two most famous of Julia Roberts' films (the other being 1990's Pretty Woman).
 Four Eyed Monsters a film by Susan Buice and Arin Crumley premiered at the slamdance film festival in 2005. It roughly follows Buice and Crumley's real life self-involved relationship; the couple initially communicated only through artistic means inspired to continue their online digital non-verbal courtship in the analog world.
 Avalanche is a 1978 American disaster film directed by Corey Allen and starring Rock Hudson Robert Forster Mia Farrow and Jeanette Nolan.
 After the Truth (German: Nichts als die Wahrheit) is a 1999 German film depicting the fictional trial of Dr. Josef Mengele known as the death angel of Auschwitz.The film starring Götz George as Mengele and Kai Wiesinger as his lawyer is based on the original English-language screenplay by American writers Christopher and Kathleen Riley. The German title translates to Nothing but the truth.
 Oddball Hall is a 1991 comedy film directed by Jackson Hunsicker who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Don Ameche Burgess Meredith and Bill Maynard. It was released direct-to-video and has received negative reviews from critics.
 Fallguy is a 1962 American film directed by Donn Harling.
 Veera Ramani is a 1939 Indian Tamil film written and directed by K. Amarnath. The film stars K. T. Rukmini P. S. Srinivasa Rao S. R. Padma T. V. Swami and K. Mani in the lead roles.
 Miracle Fish is a 2009 Australian short film. It was written directed and edited by Luke Doolan and produced by Drew Bailey. The film stars Karl Beattie Brendan Donoghue and Tara Morice. It was nominated for Best Live Action Short at the 82nd Academy Awards.
 Sol Goode is a 2001 American romantic comedy film directed by Danny Comden. The lead role of Sol Goode is played by Balthazar Getty; other cast include Katharine Towne Jamie Kennedy Danny Comden and Cheri Oteri. The film features cameo appearances including Jared Leto Carmen Electra Jason Bateman and Shannon Leto.
 Aasai Aasaiyai is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003. This movie marked the entry of the famous producer R.B Choudary's second son Jiiva. This movie did not fare well at the box office but gave decent reviews for him. The story revolves around Vinod (Jiiva) who aspires to become a businessman after completing his bachelors. His parents keep nudging him to start working in a job. He also works part- time as a private detective.
 Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn known in Japan as The Rebirth of Fusion!! Goku and Vegeta (ドラゴンボールZ 復活のフュージョン!!悟空とベジータ Doragon Bōru Zetto Fukkatsu no Fyūjon!! Gokū to Bejīta) is the 12th film in the Dragon Ball series. It was originally released in Japan on March 4 1995 at Toei Anime Fair and dubbed into English by FUNimation in 2006 originally receiving a theatrical release along with Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler before going to DVD.
 Torrente el brazo tonto de la ley is a 1998 Spanish dark comedy written directed and starred by Santiago Segura. Also stars Javier Bardem Javier Cámara Neus Asensi and Tony Leblanc.
 The Ridin' Renegade (also known as The Riding Renegade) is a 1928 American Western directed by Wallace Fox for Film Booking Offices of America (FBO) starring Bob Steele Nancy Drexel and Lafe McKee. The film was distributed by FBO and commercially released in the United States on 19 February 1928.
 The Grasscutter is a 1990 film directed by Ian Mune and written by Roy Mitchell. It was shot in southern New Zealand mostly in Queenstown and Dunedin.The music was written by Don McGlashan and Wayne Laird.A landscape architect (Cooper) living in New Zealand finds that his past catches up with him.
 The Rage of Paris is a 1938 American comedy film made by Universal Pictures. The movie was directed by Henry Koster and written by Bruce Manning and Felix Jackson. It won the Venice Film Festival for Special Recommendation.
 Nobleza gaucha (Gaucho Nobility) is a 1915 Argentine silent film loosely based on the Martín Fierro by José Hernández and Santos Vega by Rafael Obligado. It was directed by Eduardo Martinez de la Pera who shared credit with Humberto Cairo the producer and Ernesto Gunche the cinematographer.
 The Grey Area is a feature length documentary film by Noga Ashkenazi about the lives of inmates at the Iowa Correctional Institution for Women in Mitchellville Iowa. The film documents an eight-week Feminism class taught by student volunteers from Grinnell College. The Grey Area explores women's issues in the criminal justice system including gender sexuality class and race.
 Employees Only is a 1958 American short documentary film produced by Kenneth G. Brown. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 The Fast Lady is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin. The screenplay was written by Henry Blyth and Jack Davies based on a story by Keble Howard. It was Julie Christie's second film.
 Und Jimmy ging zum Regenbogen is a movie by Alfred Vohrer based on the novel The Caesar Code by Johannes Mario Simmel. It was filmed in Vienna and Munich in autumn 1970 and released in March 1971.
 Blue Dream is a drama film directed by Gregory Hatanaka. It stars James Duval Dominique Swain Pollyanna McIntosh Kayden Kross Noah Hathaway and Walter Koenig and Sal Landi. It premiered at the SF Indiefest and Gold Coast Film Festival in Australia.
 The Matsugane Potshot Affair (松ヶ根乱射事件 Matsugane Ransha Jiken) is a 2006 Japanese drama film directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita starring Hirofumi Arai.
 The Ballad of the Sad Café is a 1991 Merchant Ivory film produced by Ismail Merchant and directed by Simon Callow starring Vanessa Redgrave and Keith Carradine. Michael Hirst adapted the Edward Albee play which in turn was based on a novella in a collection of short stories of the same title by Carson McCullers. The film was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.The story's protagonist is a lonely moonshiner named Miss Amelia who dominates a small Georgia town.
 The Long Winter (Spanish: El largo invierno) is a 1992 French-Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino and starring Vittorio Gassman Elizabeth Hurley and Jacques Penot. It depicts a middle-class Catalan family during the Spanish Civil War. The film was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Face-Off is a 1971 Canadian feature film produced by John F. Bassett starring Art Hindle Trudy Young and John Vernon. The story line concerns a rookie Toronto Maple Leafs ice hockey player and his romance with a musician. Several National Hockey League players also appeared in the film.
 Sathyam is a Tamil action film simultaneously shot in Telugu as Salute directed by debutante A. Rajasekhar an associate of Suresh Krishna. The film stars Vishal in the role of a cop for the first time. Nayantara plays the female lead role while Kannada actor Upendra plays the role of the antagonist. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Harris Jayaraj. The film released on 15 August 2008 coinciding with Independence Day to negative reviews.
 Collector Gari Abbayi is a 1987 Telugu film drama directed by B. Gopal.
 Facing Sudan is a documentary film released in 2007. It chronicles the situation in Sudan from independence in 1956 through civil war and the current crisis in Darfur. The narrative of Sudan is told through the eyes of activists from various segments of American society.
 The Ugly Duckling is a 1920 British silent comedy film directed by Alexander Butler; starring Albert Ray Florence Turner and Maudie Dunham. It was one of several films made by the British producer G.B. Samuelson at Universal City California.
 Pacific Banana is a 1981 Australian sex comedy film which reunites the star and writer of Alvin Purple.
 The Christian is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett based on a story by Hall Caine. It is considered a lost film.
 Million Calorie March: The Movie is a 2008 American documentary film directed by co-produced by and starring Gary Michael Marino an author speaker and anti-obesity activist. The film follows Marino as he embarks on a 1200-mile (1900 km) fundraiser and awareness walk the Million Calorie March from Jacksonville Florida to Boston Massachusetts. The walk took 100 days and was designed to raise money and awareness for the causes of childhood obesity and healthy lifestyles.
 The Millionaire's Double is a 1917 silent American drama film directed by Harry Davenport starring Lionel Barrymore and Evelyn Brent. The film is considered to be lost.
 Jyot Jale is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Nirupa Roy.
 Everything for Gloria (German:Alles für Gloria) is a 1941 German romance film directed by Carl Boese and starring Leo Slezak Laura Solari and Johannes Riemann. The film was shot at the Cinecittà in Rome and marked the German debut of the Italian actress Solari.
 Devdoot is a 1995 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty and Sreelekha Mitra.
 Strange Fascination is a 1952 American film noir directed by Hugo Haas starring Cleo Moore himself and Mona Barrie.
 A Personal History of the Australian Surf: Being the Confessions of a Straight Poofter is a 1981 Australian documentary.
 Dillagi (Hindi: दिल्लगी Urdu: دِلّگی‎) is a 1999 Bollywood film directed by Sunny Deol and also starring Sunny Deol alongside his real-life brother Bobby Deol and Urmila Matondkar. The film was a box office flop but Deol's first attempt at directing was appreciated.The film is noted for being the first time Sunny Deol directed a film and also the first time he acted alongside his brother Bobby.
 Burroughs: The Movie is a 1983 documentary film directed by Howard Brookner about the beat generation writer William S. Burroughs.
 Me... Myself (Thai: ขอให้รักจงเจริญ) or Khaw hai rak jong jaroen) is a 2007 Thai romance drama film directed by Pongpat Wachirabunjong. Ananda Everingham stars as a gay male dancer in a transvestite cabaret who has amnesia after being struck by a car.
 The Jewel (Italian: Il gioiellino) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Molaioli.
 The Crazy Family (逆噴射家族) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Sōgo Ishii.
 Monday's Child (Spanish: La chica del lunes) is a 1967 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson based on a story by André Du Rona. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.
 Actor's and Sin is a 1952 American black-and-white comedy drama film written produced and directed by Ben Hecht. The film marks Edward G. Robinson's second film with actress Marsha Hunt. Also known by its section names of Actor's Blood and Woman of Sin the film debuted in New York City on May 29 1952. Lee Garmes was co-director and cinematographer as he was on most of the films Hecht directed.
 Fine Things also known as Danielle Steel's Fine Things is a 1990 romantic drama television film directed by Tom Moore. The film is based upon the 1987 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel.
 Caught Up is a 1998 American crime-drama film written and directed by Darin Scott. The film stars Bokeem Woodbine and Cynda Williams.
 Caravan (1934) is a film made by Fox Film Corporation directed by Erik Charell. The film stars Charles Boyer Loretta Young and Jean Parker. Fox also produced a French language version of this film Caravane (1934) starring Boyer Annabella and Conchita Montenegro.
 I Love You Man is a 2009 American romantic comedy film originally titled Let's Be Friends and written by Larry Levin before John Hamburg rewrote and directed the film. It stars Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.The film was released theatrically in North America on March 20 2009 to mostly positive reviews and took second spot in the box office during its opening week (to Knowing). The film was released on home video on August 11 2009.
 Raja Babu (Hindi: राजा बाबू) is a 1994 Bollywood movie directed by David Dhawan.The film stars Karisma Kapoor Govinda Shakti Kapoor Kadar Khan Aruna Irani Prem Chopra and Gulshan Grover with music by Anand-Milind and lyrics by Sameer. It is a remake of K. Bhagyaraj's Tamil comedy movie Raasukutti. The film is choreographed by B. H. Tarun Kumar. Film faced vehement media criticism on song sarkaye lo khatia jaada lage . Not only the lyrics but the choreography of the song drew much flak.
 Woman in a Dressing Gown is a 1957 British film directed by J. Lee Thompson. The film won four awards at the 7th Berlin International Film Festival including Best Foreign Film. Yvonne Mitchell won the Silver Bear for Best Actress.The screenplay was written by Ted Willis and the cinematographer was Gilbert Taylor. The producer was Frank Godwin.
 The Factory is a 2012 American crime thriller film directed by Morgan O'Neill and starring John Cusack Mae Whitman Dallas Roberts Mageina Tovah Cindy Sampson and Jennifer Carpenter. Distribution of the film is through the Warner Bros. corporation.In the movie Cusack is a Buffalo cop who has been chasing a serial kidnapper and killer of young women for three years. The kidnapper is abducting young women in order to impregnate them and holding three captive in his basement.
 Ludwig II: Glanz und Ende eines Königs is a 1955 West German drama film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring O. W. Fischer. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Skoplje '63 is a 1964 Yugoslavian documentary film directed by Veljko Bulajić about the 1963 Skopje earthquake (Skoplje per film title is the Serbian and Croatian spelling of Skopje). It was screened at the 1964 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.
 Apartment Wife: Adulterous Passion (団地妻　不倫でラブラブ Danchi-zuma: furin de rabu rabu) is a 2000 Japanese pink film directed by Toshiki Satō. It won the Best Film 8th Place prize at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and was the winner of the first P-1 Grand-Prix.
 Chattaniki Kallu Levu (Telugu: చట్టానికి కళ్ళు లేవు English: The Law Does Not Have Eyes) is a 1981 Telugu film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Chiranjeevi Madhavi Lakshmi Hema Sundar and Kannada Prabhakar in important roles. It was remade in Hindi as Andha Kanoon. It was also dubbed into the same language. It is a remake of 1981 Tamil movie Sattam Oru Iruttarai which starred Vijayakanth in lead role.
 Spring Fever is a 1982 independent film set in the world of competitive tennis. It was produced with the participation at the Canadian Film Development Corporation and Famous Players Limited.
 Rosarigasinos (English: Gangs from Rosario) is a 2001 Argentine film written and directed by Rodrigo Grande and starring Federico Luppi and Ulises Dumont. The film is also known as Presos del Olvido in Spain.The film was produced by Adolfo Aristarain José Martínez and José A. Martínez Suárez; the associate producer was Alfredo Suaya and was partly funded by the INCAA.
 The Harem World Tour: Live From Las Vegas (2004) is a live album and video recording of Sarah Brightman's concert held in Las Vegas part of her global Harem World Tour.
 Heart and Soul is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film was based on the 1887 novel Jess by H. Rider Haggard and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee New Jersey. The film is now considered lost.
 The Bribe is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Marguerite Roberts based on a story written by Frederick Nebel. The drama features Robert Taylor Ava Gardner Charles Laughton and Vincent Price.
 Neighbours (Danish: Naboerne) is a 1966 Danish comedy film directed by Bent Christensen. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Paranoiac is a 1963 British suspense film from Hammer Films directed by Freddie Francis and starring Janette Scott Oliver Reed Sheila Burrell and Alexander Davion. The screenplay was written by Jimmy Sangster based loosely on the 1949 crime novel Brat Farrar by Josephine Tey.
 Let's Talk About the Rain (French: Parlez-moi de la pluie) is a 2008 French film directed by Agnès Jaoui from an original screenplay by her husband Jean-Pierre Bacri ( the invincible team 'Jabac' as Alain Resnais has nicknamed them ) - after The Taste of Others and Look at Me. It takes its title from a song by Georges Brassens.
 Raven Hawk is a 1996 TV action/thriller film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Rachel McLish John Enos III Nicholas Guest Vincent Klyn and Thom Mathews.
 Este loco verano is a 1970 Argentine film.
 Mahaprabhu is a 1996 Tamil masala film directed by A. Venkatesh making his directorial debut. The film features Sarath Kumar Sukanya and Vineetha in lead roles. The film produced by Janaki Devi had musical score by Deva and was released on 26 January 1996.
 Hibari no kanashiki hitomi (ひばりの悲しき瞳) is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mizuho Shunkai.
 Fireworks Wednesday (Persian: چهارشنبه سوری ‎ Chaharshanbe Suri) is a 2006 Iranian film directed by Asghar Farhadi and co-written by Farhadi and Mani Haghighi. It stars Hedyeh Tehrani Taraneh Alidousti and Hamid Farokhnezhad.
 Cedie also known as Cedie: Ang Munting Prinsipe (means Cedie: The Little Prince) is a 1996 Filipino family film loosely based on the popular anime Little Lord Fauntleroy which in turn based on the children's novel of the same name by English playwright and author Frances Hodgson Burnett. The film was directed by Romy Suzara who also directed the film adaptation of Princess Sarah. The film starred Tom Taus as Cedric Erol.
 'Harry Clarke – Darkness In Light' is a documentary film originally released in 2003 (Irish-language version titled Harry Clarke - Dorchadas i Solas).
 Anubhav (English: Experience; Hindi: अनुभव) is a 1971 Hindi film by noted director Basu Bhattacharya which stars Sanjeev Kumar Tanuja Samarth and Dinesh Thakur as leads. The film was the first part of Basu Battacharya's introspective trilogy on marital discord in an urban setting which included Avishkaar (1973) and Griha Pravesh (1979); and went on to win the 1972 National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film and started a trend later picked even by the mainstream cinema.
 Sivandha Mann (Red Soil) also spelt as Sivantha Mann is a 1969 Indian Tamil language film with communistic theme directed by C.V. Sridhar that stars Sivaji Ganesan Kanchana and M. N. Nambiar in the lead roles while other actors like R. Muthuraman Nagesh and S. V. Ranga Rao play supporting roles. It is notably the first Tamil film to be shot extensively in locations (outside India) and later Tamil and Telugu films fell to the French charm after this.
 Miss Nobody (Polish: Panna Nikt) is a 1996 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered into the 47th Berlin International Film Festival where Anna Wielgucka won an Honourable Mention.
 Dread is a 2009 British horror film directed and written by Anthony DiBlasi and starring Jackson Rathbone Shaun Evans and Hanne Steen based on the short story of the same name by Clive Barker. The story was originally published in 1984 in volume two of Barker's Books of Blood short story collections.
 Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 is a 1987 horror film written and directed by Lee Harry and co-written by Joseph H. Earle. It is the sequel to 1984's Silent Night Deadly Night and was followed by Silent Night Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out! in 1989.
 Red Hicks Defies the World is a 1913 American short comedy film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Entertainer is a 1960 drama film directed by Tony Richardson based on the stage play of the same name by John Osborne. It starred Laurence Olivier as a failing third-rate music-hall stage performer who tries to keep his career going even as the music-hall tradition fades into history and his personal life falls apart.The film was adapted by Osborne and Nigel Kneale from Osborne's play and was produced by Harry Saltzman.
 A Train Leaves in Every Hour (French: Il y a un train toutes les heures) is a 1961 Belgian drama film directed by André Cavens. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Man Who Changed His Mind is a 1936 British science fiction horror film starring Boris Karloff and Anna Lee. It was directed by Robert Stevenson and was produced by Gainsborough Pictures. The film was also known as The Brainsnatcher or The Man Who Lived Again.
 Bhedi Khazana is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 I Am Legend is a 2007 British-American post-apocalyptic science fiction horror film directed by Francis Lawrence and starring Will Smith. It is the third feature film adaptation of Richard Matheson's 1954 novel of the same name following 1964's The Last Man on Earth and 1971's The Omega Man. Smith plays virologist Robert Neville who is immune to a man-made virus originally created to cure cancer.
 Kutsal Damacana is a 2007 Turkish comedy film directed by Kamil Aydın starring Şafak Sezer as a man who disguises himself as a priest to help remove a spell. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 21 2007 (2007-12-21) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007 and was followed by the sequels Kutsal Damacana 2: İtmen (2010) and Kutsal Damacana: Dracoola (2011).
 The Singing Fool is a 1928 musical drama Part-Talkie motion picture which was released by Warner Brothers. The film starred Al Jolson and was a follow-up to his previous film The Jazz Singer. It is credited with helping to cement the popularity of both sound and the musical genre.
 Joshua Then and Now is a 1985 film and a TV mini-series adapted by Mordecai Richler from his semi-autobiographical novel Joshua Then and Now. James Woods starred as the adult Joshua Gabrielle Lazure as his wife and Alan Arkin as Joshua's father. It was directed by Ted Kotcheff who had previously directed Richler's The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz.The film depicts Joshua growing up in his Montreal neighborhood and then his adventures as a modestly successful writer.
 Paranoia: 1.0 (originally One Point O also known as 1.0 One Point Zero Version 1.0 and Virus 1.0) is a 2004 cyberpunk science fiction film written and directed by Jeff Renfroe and Marteinn Thorsson. The film is a Kafkaesque nightmare in which a young computer programmer is an unwitting guinea pig in a corporate experiment to test a new advertising scheme. The film stars Jeremy Sisto and Deborah Unger and features Lance Henriksen Eugene Byrd Bruce Payne and Udo Kier.
 Boogie-Doodle is a 1940 drawn-on-film visual music short by Norman McLaren set to the boogie-woogie music of African-American jazz pianist Albert Ammons.Though released by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) in 1941 Boogie-Doodle was actually made by McLaren in New York City in 1940 a year before he was invited by John Grierson to Canada to found the NFB's animation unit.
 Moloch (Russian: Молох) is a 1999 Russian biographical drama film directed by Alexander Sokurov. The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Yuri Arabov and Marina Koreneva. It portrays Adolf Hitler as a humanized figure living life in an unassuming manner during an abrupt journey to the Bavarian Alps. The film stars actors Leonid Mozgovoy Yelena Rufanova Vladimir Bogdanov and Leonid Sokol in principal roles.
 The Other Half of the Sky: A China Memoir is a 1975 documentary film directed by Shirley MacLaine and Claudia Weill. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 To Be or Not to Be is a 1942 American comedy directed by Ernst Lubitsch about a troupe of actors in Nazi-occupied Warsaw who use their abilities at disguise and acting to fool the occupying troops. It was adapted by Lubitsch (uncredited) and Edwin Justus Mayer from the story by Melchior Lengyel. The film stars Carole Lombard Jack Benny Robert Stack Felix Bressart Lionel Atwill Stanley Ridges and Sig Ruman.
 The Third Side of the River (Spanish: La tercera orilla) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Celina Murga. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Pink Gods is a lost 1922 silent film melodrama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Penrhyn Stanlaws and starred Bebe Daniels and Adolphe Menjou. The source was a short story Pink Gods and Blue Demons by Cynthia Stockley. The film was released the same day as Manslaughter in which Pink Gods cast members Raymond Hatton and Guy Oliver also appear.
 Koi Mere Dil Mein Hai is a 2005 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Ramsay. It stars Priyanshu Chatterjee and Dia Mirza in pivotal roles.
 Held einer Nacht is a Czech-German comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1935.
 Generation on the Wind is a 1979 documentary film produced by David Vassar. The film is a character study centered on a rag tag group of young artists mechanics and environmental activists whosuccessfully built the largest electrical generating windmill in the world. The documentary required two years of shooting to finish the film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Frauengefängnis (released in the US as Barbed Wire Dolls and in the UK as Caged Women) is a 1975 Swiss horror film directed by Jesus Franco. It is part of the women in prison cycle of violent sexploitation films that flourished in the 1970s and early 1980s.When originally submitted for release in 1976 the British Board of Film Classification rejected it. It was only passed the following year after extensive cuts.
 A Werewolf Boy (Hangul: 늑대소년; RR: Neukdae Sonyeon; lit.
 Afghan Knights is a 2007 war film based on an original story by Christine Stringer.The film shows an ex-Navy SEAL called Pepper (Steven Bacic) who suffers with a bad conscience because he has left a comrade behind in Afghanistan and eventually decides to go back in order to try to rescue the man after all. He assembles a bunch of soldiers and goes for it.In the course of action they come across a mysterious cave system and are confronted by hostile ghosts.
 Havana is a 1990 drama film starring Robert Redford Lena Olin and Raúl Juliá directed by Sydney Pollack with music by Dave Grusin. The film's plot concerns Jack Weil (Redford) an American professional gambler who decides to visit Havana Cuba to gamble. En route to Havana he meets Roberta Duran (Olin) the wife of a revolutionary Arturo (Juliá). Shortly after their arrival Arturo is taken away by the secret police and Roberta is captured and tortured.
 Rötmånad (American title: Dog Days British title: What Are You Doing After the Orgy?) is a Swedish dark comedy film from 1970 directed by Jan Halldoff. In the Stockholm archipelago lives the barber Assar Gustafsson (played by Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt) peacefully with his 17-year old daughter Anna-Bella (played by Christina Lindberg).
 Harry and Tonto is a 1974 road movie written by Paul Mazursky and Josh Greenfeld and directed by Mazursky. It features Art Carney as Harry in an Academy Award-winning performance. Tonto is his pet cat.
 Rudi sportsman is a 1911 Austro-Hungarian comedy film. It is one of a series of four films written by and starring Emil Artur Longen as the title character Rudi. It was filmed in Prague.
 Independenţa României (in English The Independence of Romania) subtitled The Romanian-Russo-Turkish War 1877 is a Romanian 1912 silent film directed by Aristide Demetriade.
 Cool Air is a 1999 black-and-white horror film directed by and starring Bryan Moore and co-starring Jack Donner with cinematography by Michael Bratkowski. It is based on the short story Cool Air by H. P. Lovecraft.
 Never Let Go is a 1960 British thriller film starring Peter Sellers and Richard Todd. It concerns a man's attempt to recover his stolen Ford Anglia car. Sellers played a London villain in one of his rare straight roles.
 White Slaves (German: Weisse Sklaven) is a 1937 German film directed by Karl Anton. It is also known by the longer title Panzerkreuzer Sebastopol: Weisse Sklaven (Battleship Sevastopol: White Slaves) and was later re-released as Rote Bestien (Red Beasts). An anti-Soviet propaganda film from the Nazi era set during the Russian Revolution the film was designed as a response to Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin.
 American Shoeshine is a 1975 American short documentary film directed by Sparky Greene. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Le Rêve de Rico is a 2001 film.
 Around the Pink House (French: Autour de la maison rose / Arabic: البيت الزهري‎) is a 1999 film co-directed by Joana Hadjithomas and Khalil Joreige. It was an international co-production between France Canada and Lebanon. It was Lebanon's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 The Fallen Sparrow is a 1943 spy film starring John Garfield Maureen O'Hara and Walter Slezak. It is based on the novel of the same name by Dorothy B. Hughes. Its plot concerns an American who returns home to find out who murdered his friend.
 China Blue is a 2005 documentary film directed by Micha Peled. It follows the life of Jasmine Li a young seventeen-year-old worker from Sichuan province in a Chinese jeans factory Lifeng Clothes Factory (丽锋服饰制衣有限公司) in Shaxi Guangdong producing Vigaze Jeans (a company based in Istanbul Turkey ) hence the title.
 Ganga Gowri is a 1997 Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Madheswaran. The film features Arun Vijay Sangita and Mantra in lead roles. The film had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 5 May 1997.
 Africa United is a 2010 film directed by first-time UK film director Deborah 'Debs' Gardner-Paterson and starring Emmanuel Jal Eriya Ndayambaje Roger Nsengiyumva Sanyu Joanita Kintu Sherrie Silver and Yves Dusenge.
 10 Things I Hate About You is a 1999 American teen romantic comedy-drama film. It is directed by Gil Junger and stars Julia Stiles Heath Ledger and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. The romantic comedy screenplay was written by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith.The film a modernization of Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew is titled after a poem written by the film's female lead (played by Stiles) to describe her bittersweet romance with the male lead (played by Ledger).
 Thavalam is a 2008 Malayalam film by Baiju' starring Suresh Gopi Rathya and Baby Diya.
 The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 2006 adaptation of the Robert Louis Stevenson novel. It was directed by John Carl Buechler and produced by Peter Davy. The film is set in modern times instead of Victorian England.
 David & Layla is a 2005 independent film directed by Jay Jonroy.
 The $1000000 Reward was a 1920 drama film serial directed by George Lessey and produced by Harry Grossman. The film is considered to be lost.
 Away Goes Prudence (1920) is a silent film comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. This picture was directed by John S. Robertson and starred Billie Burke. Screen writer Josephine Lovett provided a story direct for the screen. This is now considered a lost film.
 Over the Fence is a 1917 American short comedy film directed by and starring Harold Lloyd. The film is notable as the debut of the Glasses or Boy character. Prints of the film survive at the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 At Any Price is a 2012 American drama film written by Hallie Newton and Ramin Bahrani and directed by Ramin Bahrani. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival and later screened as an official selection at both the Telluride Film Festival and the 2012 Toronto Film Festival. Sony Pictures Classics purchased the film and it was released in the United States on April 24 2013.
 Seven Sinners is a 1936 British thriller film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Edmund Lowe Constance Cummings and Felix Aylmer. An American detective and his sidekick are called to Britain to take on a gang of international criminals.
 Solaris (Russian: Солярис tr. Solyaris) is a 1972 Russian science fiction art film adaptation of the novel Solaris (1961) co-written and directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. The film is a meditative psychological drama occurring mostly aboard a space station orbiting the fictional planet Solaris. The scientific mission has stalled out because the meager skeleton crew of three scientists have fallen into separate emotional crises.
 Krishnaveni Panjaalai is an Indian Tamil Romance film written and directed by debutant Dhanapal Padmanabhan the film has Hemachandran Nandana M. S. Bhaskar Rajiv Krishna and Bala Singh among others in lead roles. The film is set in the backdrop of the 1980s and is about the lives of workers in a cotton mill. Music is by N. R. Raghunanthan of Thenmerku Paruvakaatru fame. The movie is released on 8 June 2012.
 A beszélő köntös is a Hungarian film that was shot partially in colour and directed by Géza Radványi. It was produced in 1941. It was based on Kálmán Mikszáth’s novel on the same title. It was the first Hungarian film where outdoor scenes were made with Agfacolor colour technology.
 Spy Girl (Hangul: 그녀를 모르면 간첩; RR: Geunyeoreul moreumyeon gancheop; lit. Those Who Don't Know Her Are Spies) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Kim Jung-hwa and Gong Yoo.
 Due once di piombo (internationally released as My Name Is Pecos also known as Il mio nome è Pecos) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.The film rapresents the first successful chapter in the Pecos film series starred by Robert Woods. It was followed by Pecos Cleans Up.
 Jane Eyre is a 1970 TV-film directed by Delbert Mann starring George C. Scott and Susannah York. It is based on the 1847 novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë. The film had its theatrical debut in the United Kingdom in 1970 and was released on television in the United States in 1971. A popular Mandarin Chinese dubbed version of the film was released in China both as a video film and as an audio-only cassette tape.
 Luigi's Ladies is a 1989 Australian comedy directed by actor Judy Morris.
 The Three Mothers (Le Tre madri in Italian) is a trilogy of supernatural horror films by Italian film director Dario Argento. It consists of Suspiria Inferno and The Mother of Tears.
 Main Hoon Rajinikanth is an upcoming Indian upcoming comedy film in the Hindi language. The film is written and directed by Faisal Saif and produced by Mrs.Saroj. The film marks Bollywood debut of South Indian actor Adithya.
 Un uomo da bruciare (internationally released as A Man for Burning) is a 1962 Italian drama film. It is the first feature film directed by Valentino Orsini and Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.It entered the 1962 Venice Film Festival in which it won the Italian Film Critics Award.It is based on the life of the Sicilian union organizer Salvatore Carnevale.
 Ooriki Ichina Maata is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Gehrayee (Hindi: गहऱायी) is a 1980 Indian horror film directed by Vikas Desai and Aruna Raje based on a script by Vijay Tendulkar Desai and Raje and starring Padmini Kolhapure Sriram Lagoo Anant Nag and Indrani Mukherjee with Amrish Puri in a guest appearance. The film was produced by N. B. Kamat.
 Steep is a 2007 documentary about extreme skiing written and directed by Mark Obenhaus. Steep explores the history of extreme and Big Mountain Skiing starting with its roots in 1960s and 1970s North America and Europe with Bill Briggs' now famous first descent of the Grand Teton and progressing through to the current day sport.Steep was shot in High Definition and on film in a number of locations including Alaska France Canada and Iceland.
 Fish Story (フィッシュストーリー Fisshū Sutōrī) is a 2009 Japanese movie. A rare musical single by an obscure rock band makes a strange voyage through time in a science fiction tale from Japanese filmmaker Yoshihiro Nakamura.
 Out of the Wilderness is a 2001 television movie directed by Steve Kroschel.
 George and Mildred is a 1980 British comedy film directed by Peter Frazer Jones. It was an adaptation of the television series of the same name. Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy reprised their television roles as the two title characters. It was written by Dick Sharples. Vicki Michelle also had a role in the film.
 Lal Tip (English: The Red Point) is a 2012 Romantic Film directed by Swapan Ahmed and produced by Ibne Hasan Khan under the banner of Impress Telefilm Limited. The film stars Kusum Sikder and Mamnun Hasan Emon in lead roles. The film was released worldwide on 17 February 2012.
 The Beggar's Opera is a 1953 Technicolor film version of John Gay's 1728 ballad opera directed by Peter Brook and starring Laurence Olivier Dorothy Tutin Stanley Holloway and others. Olivier and Holloway do their own singing in this film but Dorothy Tutin and several others were dubbed.
 Anhonee is a 1952 Bollywood psychological drama film directed by K. A. Abbas. The film stars Nargis in a dual role alongside Raj Kapoor in the lead supported by Achla Sachdev Om Prakash Agha and David Abraham in other prominent roles. The film had music composed by Roshan while lyrics were written by Ali Sardar Jafri. Nargis was highly appreciated for enacting a dual role and her performance garnered critical acclaim.
 Usha Haran is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 The Stupids is a 1996 adventure comedy film directed by John Landis. The film is based on The Stupids characters from a series of books written by Harry Allard and illustrated by James Marshall.The film follows the fictional family the Stupids with a last name synonymous with their behavior. The story begins with patriarch Stanley Stupid believing sender from letters marked return to sender is a wicked man planning a conspiracy.
 Nenunnanu (English: I Am There) is a 2004 Telugu film written and directed by V. N. Aditya. This film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna Shriya Saran and Arti Agarwal in the lead roles. Music by M. M. Keeravani was a big asset to the film. This movie was then dubbed in Tamil as Chandramadhi and in Hindi as Vishwa - The He Man.
 A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up Timmy Turner! is a live action television film based on the animated series The Fairly OddParents. It first aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 9 2011 to celebrate the series's tenth anniversary. Unlike the previous animated films of the series this film was presented in live-action mixed with CGI animation. This is the first Nicktoon to be shown in live-action.
 Blue Puppy (Russian: Голубой щенок translit. Goluboy shchenok alternative translations - Pale Blue Puppy/Slate puppy) is a 1976 Soviet animated film.
 Phillum City is a 2010 Bollywood comedy film directed by Deven Khote and starring John Abraham Amruta Khanvilkar Kavita Kaushik Namit Das and Dwij Yadav.
 Next Year in Argentina (original title El Año Que Viene en... Argentina) is a 2005 documentary about diaspora Jews who have either decided to remain in Argentina or move to Israel. Jorge Gurvich and Shlomo Slutzky Argentine-Israeli filmmakers travel back to Argentina—exploring questions of identity and the meaning of a homeland as they speak with friends and family who have stayed behind.
 The Orderly is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 John Rabe (released in the United Kingdom as City of War: The Story of John Rabe) is a 2009 German-Chinese-French biopictorial film directed by Florian Gallenberger and starring Ulrich Tukur Daniel Brühl and Steve Buscemi.It focuses upon the experiences of John Rabe a German businessman who used his Nazi Party membership to create a protective International Safety Zone in Nanking China helping to save over 200000 Chinese from the Nanking Massacre in late 1937 and early 1938.
 Diaz – Don't Clean Up This Blood or only Diaz is a 2012 Italian-French-Romanian drama film directed by Daniele Vicari focusing on the final days of the 2001 G8 summit in Genoa Italy when police stormed Armando Diaz a school in Genoa. In the nightly raid over 300 police officers attacked activists and journalists seriously injuring 93 and putting another 3 in a coma.
 Un amore perfetto is a 2002 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Valerio Andrei. It stars Cesare Cremonini who at the time of the film's release was the lead singer of the popular Italian music group Lùnapop; Martina Stella then an emerging star following her debut performance in the 2001 film L'ultimo bacio; and Denis Fasolo.
 Crimen en la alcoba (Crime in the Bedroom) is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 The Heroine is an uncompleted 1967 film now lost that was directed by Orson Welles.
 Together Forever is a 25-minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In the style of a documentary it explains how the Plan of Salvation has improved the lives of those who have learned about it.
 The National Health is a 1973 British comedy film directed by Jack Gold and starring Lynn Redgrave Colin Blakely and Eleanor Bron. It is based on the play The National Health by Peter Nichols in which the staff struggle to cope in an underfunded NHS hospital.
 The Social Highwayman is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine.
 My Family is a 1995 independent American drama film directed by Gregory Nava written by Nava and Anna Thomas and starring Jimmy Smits Edward James Olmos and Esai Morales. The film depicts three generations of a Mexican-American family who immigrated from Mexico and settled in East Los Angeles.
 No te ofendas Beatriz (No Offence Beatriz) is a 1953 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Le infedeli is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno and starring Gina Lollobrigida.
 Novia para dos is a 1956 Argentine film.
 A Girl and a Gun is the 2007 short film starring Ian Hart Paul Freeman and Anna Walton.
 Lilac Time is a 1928 American silent romantic war film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Colleen Moore and Gary Cooper. Based on a novel by Guy Fowler the film is about young American aviators fighting for Britain during World War I who are billeted in a field next to a farmhouse in France. The daughter who lives on the farm meets one of the new aviators who is attracted to her. As the flyers head off on a mission the young aviator promises to return to her.
 The Telephone Game is a 2011 independent film directed by Jason P. Schumacher. It is a comedy/drama set in the mid 20th century nostalgic realm about the chaos of trying to put a play together. It also follows a developing relationship amidst the chaos between Marco the director and Zelphia the lead actress. The film was shot in high definition black and white was shot without a script. All the dialogue was improvised by the ensemble cast.
 Geetham is a 1986 Malayalam film by Sajan.
 Wicked Spring is a 2002 American historical-based dramatic war film directed produced and written by Kevin Hershberger as a his first narrative feature film The fictional portrayal is based on several actual events from the Civil War notably fictionalizing an event that took place in 1862 during the Battle of Crampton's Gap.
 Shifting Sands is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Albert Parker and starring Gloria Swanson.
 Group Portrait with a Lady (German: Gruppenbild mit Dame) is a 1977 German-French drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the novel of the same name.
 'Mahathma' is a 1996 Malayalam action film. Directed by Shaji Kailas with Suresh Gopi Ganesh Kumar Devan Rajan P. Dev Biju Menon and Ramya Krishnan appearing in lead roles this film revolved the growth of an underworld don. The story is unfolded in flashback travelling through the memories of Devadevan the protagonist. Produced at a huge budget the film bombed at box office.[citation needed] It is an adaptation of the 1983 Al Pacino film Scarface.
 Reference (Bulgarian: Характеристика translit. Kharakteristika) is a 1985 Bulgarian drama film directed by Christo Christov. It was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Bargain (1931) is an all-talking pre-code comedy drama film produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Robert Milton. The movie stars Lewis Stone Evalyn Knapp Charles Butterworth and Doris Kenyon. It was based on a play entitled You and I by Philip Barry.
 Avunu (Telugu: అవును) (English: 'yes') is a 2012 suspense thriller Telugu film written and directed by Ravi Babu and actress Poorna is playing the lead role and Harshvardhan Rane is playing an important role in this film and the movie has no songs. The film which was made on a budget of 45 lakhs did astonishingly well at box office which came as a big surprise to even the director.
 By The People is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj starring Narain. This film is the sequel of 4 the People (2004) and the prequel of Of the People (2008).
 Villu (Tamil: வில்லு; English: Bow) is a 2009 Tamil thriller film written and directed by Prabhu Deva. The film stars Vijay in a dual role while Nayantara and Prakash Raj play other prominent roles. Manoj K. Jayan Vadivelu Adithya Geetha and Ranjitha play supporting roles whilst Prabhu Deva Mumaith Khan Zabyn Khan and Kushboo Sundar appear in item numbers. The film is produced and distributed by Ayngaran International and composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
 Napoléon II l'Aiglon is a French drama film from 1961 directed by Claude Boissol written by Paul Andréota starring Bernard Verley and Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of André Castelot. The film was known under the title Il re di Roma Aquila imperiale (Italy) Kaiserliche Hoheit (West Germany) O Rei de Roma (Portugal).
 Lal Ronger Duniya (Bengali: লাল রঙের দুনিয়া Force)(2008) is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008. Directed by Nilanjan Bhattacharya the movie featured Debashree Roy Locket Chatterjee Rajesh Sharma. This movie is Nilanjan Bhattacharya's directorial début.[citation needed]
 Flesh Gordon Meets the Cosmic Cheerleaders (aka Flesh Gordon 2: Flesh Gordon Meets the Cosmic Cheerleaders) is the 1989 sequel to the sex comedy Flesh Gordon. Like the original it spoofs the Flash Gordon serials though the humor is more scatological than the original.
 Special is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore. It was released in theatres in the UK on November 17 2006 and on DVD in the UK on March 5 2007. It was released in theatres in the US on November 21 2008.
 Even the Clouds Are Drifting (Korean: 구름은 흘러가도 translit. Gureumeun heulleogado) is a 1959 South Korean drama film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Cookout is a 2004 comedy film directed by Lance Rivera. It is co-written by and features Queen Latifah and is also the feature film debut for her mother Rita Owens. This was the last film for Farrah Fawcett due to her death in 2009.
 Novel is a 2008 Malayalam film produced and directed by East Coast Vijayan. This is East Coast Vijayan's debut directorial film.
 Last Days of Mussolini (Italian:Mussolini: Ultimo atto) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Rod Steiger Franco Nero and Lisa Gastoni. The film depicts the down fall of the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.
 Agent 47 is an upcoming American action spy film directed by Aleksander Bach and written by Michael Finch Kyle Ward and Skip Woods. It is based on the fictional character Agent 47 from the Hitman video game series. The film stars Rupert Friend Zachary Quinto Hannah Ware and Thomas Kretschmann.
 If You Don't Stop It... You'll Go Blind is a 1974 comedy directed by I. Robert Levy.The film was followed by the sequel Can I Do It 'Till I Need Glasses?
 Eighteen Springs (simplified Chinese: 半生缘; traditional Chinese: 半生緣; pinyin: Bànshēng Yuán) is a 1997 romantic drama directed by Ann Hui and starring Jacklyn Wu Leon Lai Anita Mui Huang Lei and Ge You. It is a China-Hong Kong co-production based on the novel of the same name by Eileen Chang. The film depicts the ill-fated romance between two Chinese lovers in Shanghai and Nanjing during the 1930s and 1940s which destined them to be apart for more than a decade.
 The Nostradamus Kid is a 1992 Australian feature film written and directed by Bob Ellis. The film is a romantic comedy about the religious and sexual coming of age of a 1960s Seventh-day Adventist boy. Ken Elkin (Noah Taylor) is a randy young man who is told that the world is about to end.
 Silver Jew is a 2007 documentary film by Michael Tully and Matthew Robison about the musician David Berman and his band Silver Jews. Shot in just three days with no production budget the film chronicles the band's stop in Israel to play two shows in Tel Aviv and visit Jerusalem during their first ever world tour in the summer of 2006.It was released on DVD by Drag City on September 23 2008.
 The Man with the Perfect Swing is a 1995 American comedy-drama movie written and directed by Michael Hovis.
 The Breaking of Bumbo is a 1970 British comedy film written and directed by Andrew Sinclair a former Coldstream Guards National Service officer that was updated from his 1959 novel of the same name that featured the Suez Crisis. It starred Richard Warwick Joanna Lumley Jeremy Child and Edward Fox.
 Pengejar Angin (The Wind Chaser) is a 2011 film by Indonesian director Hanung Bramantyo and starring Qausar Harta Yudana Mathias Muchus and Lukman Sardi. It tells of a young man's efforts to be able to attend university through becoming an athlete at the 2011 SEA Games. Funded in part by the government of South Sumatra where the Games were held the film raised criticism for its use as an advertisement.
 Twice Born (Italian: Venuto al mondo) is a 2013 film directed by Sergio Castellitto. It is based on a novel by Margaret Mazzantini.
 Madhuchandralekha is a Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan. This film stars Jayaram Urvashi and Mamta Mohandas in the lead.
 Augustin King of Kung-Fu (original French title: Augustin roi du Kung-fu) is a 1999 film directed by Anne Fontaine.
 For the goldfish memory myth see Goldfish#Intelligence.Goldfish Memory (2003) is a feature film about everyday relationships set and filmed in Dublin. It was written and directed by Elizabeth Gill.
 Monsieur Vincent is a 1947 French film about Vincent de Paul the seventeenth century priest and charity worker. It depicts his struggle to help the poor in the face of obstacles such as the Black Death.In 1949 it won an honorary Academy Award as the best foreign language film released in the United States in 1948. The Vatican placed it amongst their list of approved films under the category of Religion due to its thematic nature in 1995.
 The Man to Beat Jack Johnson is a 1910 British short black-and-white silent comedy film produced by the Tyler Film Company featuring four-year-old Willy Sanders demonstrating his boxing and wrestling skills against an adult opponent.
 Hercules Against the Moon Men (1964) is an Italian/French sword and sandal film. It was directed by Giacomo Gentilomo and starred Alan Steel (real name Sergio Ciani) and Jany Clair.The film runs for 90 minutes and is dubbed.The film blends elements from a number of mythologies.
 'Race Gurram'(English: Race horse) is a 2014 Telugu family drama film directed by Surender Reddy starring Allu Arjun Shruti Haasan Saloni and Shaam. Nallamalapu Srinivas (Bujji) and Dr. Venkateswara Rao produced the film under Lakshmi Narasimha production and S. Thaman provided the music. The cinematography was handled by Manoj Paramahamsa. Vakkantham Vamsi penned the script while Goutham Raju handled the editing department. The film has received 8.6 rating at the Internet Movie Database.
 Bachelor Party is a 1984 comedy film directed by Neal Israel written by Israel and Pat Proft and starring Tom Hanks Adrian Zmed William Tepper and Tawny Kitaen.
 Nocturna (more commonly referred to by its promotional title Nocturna: Granddaughter of Dracula) is a 1979 film conceived by star Nai Bonet and written and directed by Harry Hurwitz who was credited as Harry Tampa. This was the fourth and final time John Carradine played Count Dracula; he had also played him in House of Frankenstein House of Dracula and Billy the Kid vs. Dracula. It premiered in France at the Paris Festival of Fantastic Films on March 1 1979 to coincide with its U.S.
 Always a New Beginning is a 1974 American documentary film directed by John D. Goodell about the founding and operation of The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Las señoritas Vivanco (The Vivanco Ladies) is a 1958 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Shortbus is a 2006 American film written and directed by John Cameron Mitchell. The plot revolves around a sexually diverse ensemble of colorful characters trying desperately to connect in New York City. The characters converge in a weekly Brooklyn artistic/sexual salon loosely inspired by various underground NYC gatherings that took place in the early 2000s.
 A-1 (international name : A-1 Headline or Chinese name : A1頭條 or A1 tou tiao) is a 2004 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Gordon Chan and Kai Cheung Chung and produced by Fruit Chan.
 16 Vayathinile (read as Pathinaaru Vayathinile; English: At the Age of Sixteen) is a 1977 Tamil feature film directed by Bharathiraja. The film stars Kamal Haasan Rajinikanth and Sridevi. The film also marks the debut of famous South Indian comedian Goundamani. The film's score and soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja and cinematography was by P. S. Nivas. The film focussed on rural Tamil Nadu and was the first Tamil film to be shot completely outdoors.
 The Tide of Traffic is a 1972 British short documentary film directed by Derek Williams. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Golem is a 2000 Italian film directed by Louis Nero.
 Transportation of Coal (Azerbaijani: Daş Kömür Daşınması) is a 1907 Azerbaijani film directed by Vasili Amaşukeli.The film was shot on 35mm.
 Punk: Attitude is a film by Don Letts. It explores the punk revolution genre and following from its beginning in the mid-1970s up to its effect on modern rock music and other genres. The cast is a veritable list of alternative musicians and directors offering their opinions on what may have been the largest music revolution ever.The film was officially released on the 25th of April 2005 at the Tribeca Film Festival in the U.S.A.
 Durgaa (English language: Durgaa) is an Indian Hindi film directed by Shibu Mitra released on 12 July 1985. The film stars Hema Malini in the title role. This action-crime genre film revolves around Durgaa a soft spoken girl who is exploited by various men in her life. At first Durgaa falls in love with a young man (Raj Babbar) and even marries him. But she realises post marriage that her husband had married her only as an excuse to sleep with her.
 The Patsy is a 1964 American film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis. It was released on August 12 1964 by Paramount Pictures.
 Kaali is an upcoming 2014 Tamil drama film directed by Ranjith and produced by Studio Green. The film stars Karthi and Catherine Tresa in the leading roles with Santhosh Narayanan composing the film's music. The film is expected to release in mid 2014.
 Das Vermächtnis des Inka is a 1965 Spanish Italian and German western film adventure directed by Georg Marischka based on a book by Karl May.
 Hate 2 O (H2Odio in Italy) is a 2006 film written directed and produced by Alex Infascelli. It is the followup to his 2004 film The Vanity Serum considered by many to be his breakout film. It was released in Italy on May 5 2006.
 Dharmputra is a 1961 Hindi film directed by Yash Chopra based on a novel of the same name by Acharya Chatursen. This is Yash's second directorial venture. It was the first Hindi film to depict the partition of India and Hindu fundamentalism. Produced by his elder brother B.R. Chopra who was himself uprooted from Lahore during the partition of India and established B.R. Films in Mumbai in 1956.
 Home for Life the founding documentary of Kartemquin Films released in 1967 depicts the experiences of two elderly people in their first month at a home for the aged. One is a woman whose struggle to remain useful in her son and daughter-in-law's home is no longer appreciated. The other is a widower without a family who suddenly realizes he can no longer take care of himself.
 A Submarine Pirate is a 1915 short comedy film starring Syd Chaplin and featuring an early uncredited appearance by Harold Lloyd.
 Kunoichi is a 2011 Japanese historical martial arts film directed by Seiji Chiba and starring Rina Takeda.
 Son of Paleface is a 1952 Western comedy film directed by Frank Tashlin and starring Bob Hope Jane Russell and Roy Rogers. The film is a sequel to The Paleface (1948). Written by Tashlin Joseph Quillan and Robert L. Welch the film is about a man who returns home to claim his father's gold which is nowhere to be found. Son of Paleface was released in the United States by Paramount Pictures on July 14 1952.
 Kanhaiya is a 1959 Bollywood film produced by Sant Singh Pachhi and directed by Om Prakash. The film stars Raj Kapoor Nutan and Lalita Pawar. The music was by Shankar Jaikishan.
 The Bed-Sitting Room is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Richard Lester and based on the play of the same name. It was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival. The film is an absurdist post-apocalyptic satirical black comedy.
 Ace of the Saddle is a 1919 American western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Daddy Cool Munde Fool is a Punjabi film starring Harish Verma Amrinder Gill Yuvika Chaudhary Jaswinder Bhalla Amar Noorie & Rana Ranbir.Harish Verma and Amrinder Gill were seen together for the first time in this film.Daddy Cool Munde Fool is directed by Simerjit Singh and was released on 12 April 2013 under the production of KG Productions Royal Ent. & and Celluloid Entertainment. It is a Speed Records Home production after Jatt and Juliet. Music of the film was given by Dr.
 Cowboy Up is a 2001 film directed by Xavier Koller. It stars Kiefer Sutherland and Marcus Thomas. It won the Crystal Heart Award at the 2001 Heartland Film Festival.
 The Robber (German: Der Räuber) is a 2010 drama film directed by Benjamin Heisenberg. The film is based on a novel by the Austrian author Martin Prinz and was shot on location in Vienna. The main character Johann Rettenberger is based on Austrian bank-robber and runner Johann Kastenberger. The film was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Clearcut is a 1991 Canadian drama film about clearcutting in a Canadian province. This motion picture stars Graham Greene Floyd Red Crow Westerman Tom Jackson and Raoul Trujillo. It is directed by Ryszard Bugajski. The filming location was in Thunder Bay Ontario. Phil Harris who is best known as the voice of Baloo in Disney's 1967 animated film The Jungle Book was cast in this movie as a policeman.
 Kind Hearts and Coronets is a 1949 British black comedy film starring Dennis Price Alec Guinness Joan Greenwood and Valerie Hobson. Guinness famously plays eight members of the D'Ascoyne family. The plot is loosely based on the 1907 novel Israel Rank: The Autobiography of a Criminal by Roy Horniman with the screenplay written by Robert Hamer and John Dighton and the film directed by Hamer.
 The Little Punker (German: Der kleene Punker) is a 1992 German animated feature independent film by director Michael Schaack.
 The Opportunists is a 2000 film starring Christopher Walken with an appearance by Cyndi Lauper. It is a gritty crime drama that takes place in the urban setting of Greenpoint Brooklyn in New York City.
 L'adolescente is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Alfonso Brescia.
 The Prince of Pennsylvania is a 1988 comedic drama starring Keanu Reeves Bonnie Bedelia Amy Madigan and Fred Ward. The Academy Award–nominated composer Thomas Newman wrote the music. It was filmed in and around Pittsburgh.
 Crime Busters (Italian: I due superpiedi quasi piatti also known as Trinity: In Trouble Again and Two Supercops) is an Italian action-comedy movie directed in 1977 by E.B. Clucher.It was one of the three movies awarded with the Golden Screen Award in 1977 along with The Exorcist and The Towering Inferno.
 Love by the Light of the Moon is a 1901 film by Edwin S. Porter produced by the Edison Manufacturing Company. It mixes animation and live action and predates the man in the moon theme of the 1902 French science fiction film A Trip to the Moon by Georges Méliès.
 Kozhi Koovuthu is a 1982 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Gangai Amaran starring Prabhu Suresh Silk Smitha and Viji in lead roles.
 Nanking is a Japanese documentary film released in the year 1938. It was composed of footage shot inside and outside the walls of the city of Nanking just after the end of the Battle of Nanking during the Second Sino-Japanese War.The movie was planned out in conjunction with the documentary Shanghai on the Battle of Shanghai in anticipation that the advance on Nanking would follow.
 Kariyilakkattu Pole (English: Like a Zephyr of Dry Leaves) is a 1986 Malayalam mystery film written and directed by P. Padmarajan starring Mammootty Mohanlal Rahman and Karthika. Based on the radio drama Sisirathil Oru Prabhatham by Sudhakar Mangalodayam (credited as Sudhakar P. Nair) the film revolves around the murder investigation of film director Harikrishnan (Mammootty) by police officer Achuthankutty (Mohanlal).
 Man Friday is an upcoming Malayalam family drama film written and directed by Ranjith. It stars Mohanlal in the lead roles.
 Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film directed by Sam Raimi. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name the film stars Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker a high-school student who turns to crimefighting after developing spider-like powers. Spider-Man also stars Willem Dafoe as Norman Osborn (a.k.a.
 Maharaja is a 1998 bollywood supernatural superhero film directed by Anil Sharma. It stars Govinda and Manisha Koirala in the title roles. It is about the struggle of a prince with supernatural powers to get his kingdom back. After the surprise big hit of Mr. India as a superhero movie Maharaja came out with a bigger budget film in the same genre.Maharaja is considered to be a pioneer in Hindi superhero films.
 Invasion is a TV film based on Robin Cook's book Invasion. It starred Luke Perry Kim Cattrall and Rebecca Gayheart.
 Images is a 1972 British-American psychological thriller film directed by Robert Altman.
 Joe Palooka Champ is a 1946 American film featuring the popular comic-strip boxer Joe Palooka.
 Berlin Correspondent is a 1942 American film. Dana Andrews portrays an American radio correspondent reporting from within Nazi Germany whose principal source of information is an elderly philatelist. His reports prove so embarrassing to the regime that Captain von Rau sends his own fiancée Karen Hauen (Virginia Gilmore) to compromise the reporter.
 Fishing Child (Chinese: 渔童) is a Chinese animated featurette produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Fisher Boy.
 The Addiction is an unconventional 1995 American vampire film directed by Abel Ferrara starring Lili Taylor Edie Falco Paul Calderón Kathryn Erbe and Christopher Walken. It was written by Ferrara's regular screenwriter Nicholas St John filmed in black-and-white and released simultaneously with Ferrara's period gangster film The Funeral.The film is considered an allegory about drug addiction for some and an allegory of the theological concept of sin by others.
 Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant is a 2009 American film adaptation of the Vampire Blood trilogy of the book series The Saga of Darren Shan by author Darren Shan.
 Direct from Brooklyn is a compilation of music videos by American alternative rock group They Might Be Giants. It was released on VHS in 1999 and DVD in 2003. The title refers to the home of John Linnell and John Flansburgh founding members of the band. Many of the music videos were filmed in Brooklyn and other parts of New York City.
 Grande École (2004) is a French film directed by Robert Salis.
 Ladies of Leisure is a 1930 American romantic drama film directed by Frank Capra and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Ralph Graves. The film is based on the 1924 play Ladies of the Evening by Milton Herbert Gropper and has a screenplay by Jo Swerling. The film is about an artist from a wealthy family who hires a party girl as his model. As they get to know each other the girl begins to regret her past and the two fall in love but they must face his family's strong opposition to their union.
 Canada '67 is a rare Circle-Vision 360° documentary film by Canadian film director Robert Barclay which was presented at the Telephone Pavilion (formally named the Telephone Association of Canada Pavilion) part of Expo 67 an International World's Fair held in Montreal Canada in 1967 to mark the centenary of the Confederation of Canada.The telephone pavilion was created to promote telephone companies and their services but its main feature was the Canada '67 film produced by The Walt Disney Company and presented in a large completely circular movie theatre.
 Child's Play is a 1954 British film.It was based on a script by Don Sharp who also worked on the film as an assistant.
 All Good Things is a 2010 crime film directed by Andrew Jarecki starring Ryan Gosling and Kirsten Dunst. Inspired by the life of accused murderer Robert Durst the film chronicles the life of the wealthy son of a New York real estate tycoon and a series of murders linked to him as well as his volatile relationship with his wife and her subsequent unsolved disappearance. All Good Things was filmed between April and July 2008 in Connecticut and New York.
 Treasure Island is a 1999 film adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island. It was written & directed by Peter Rowe and starred Kevin Zegers as Jim Hawkins and Jack Palance as Long John Silver in his final film appearance.
 The Rite is a 2011 American supernatural thriller film directed by Mikael Håfström and written by Michael Petroni. It is loosely based on Matt Baglio's book The Rite: The Making of a Modern Exorcist. which itself is based on real events as witnessed and recounted by then exorcist-in-training American Father Gary Thomas and his experiences from being sent to Rome to be trained and work daily with veteran clergy of the practice.
 January 1 is a 1984 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Manivannan starring Vijaykanth Sulakshana and Sathyaraj in lead roles.
 Silence of the Heart is a 1984 television family drama film written by Phil Penningroth and directed by Richard Michaels for CBS Television.
 The Executioner is a 1970 cold war spy thriller British film starring George Peppard as secret agent John Shay who suspects his colleague Adam Booth played by Keith Michell is a double agent. In the film Peppard's character tries to prove the double role of his colleague to his spy-masters and when he fails to do so he kills him. It was produced by Charles H. Schneer for Columbia Pictures and filmed in Panavision and Technicolor.
 Private Affairs is a 1940 film comedy starring Nancy Kelly with a supporting cast including Hugh Herbert Roland Young and Robert Cummings. The movie was directed by Albert S. Rogell.Roland Young had played the title role three years earlier in the light comedy classic Topper opposite Constance Bennett and Cary Grant.
 Pachakuthira (translation: Grasshopper) is a 2006 Malayalam comedy-drama film directed by Kamal and starring Dileep and Gopika. The film was panned by the critics and was a box office success as well. Several critics consider the film to be one of the best film from director Kamal. The film is a remake of the 1988 drama film Rain Man.
 Brocéliande is a French horror film written by Doug Headline and Benoît Lestang directed from Doug Headline it stars André Wilms Alice Taglioni and Alexis Loret.
 Playing Cards (French: ''Une partie de cartes'') is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent film by Georges Méliès. It was the first film in Méliès' prolific career and thus is number one in his Star Film catalogue. It is a remake of Louis Lumière's film The Messers. Lumière at Cards which was released earlier the same year. Along with Georges Méliès himself his brother Gaston Méliès and daughter Georgette Méliès both appear in the film. The film is also known as Card Party.
 Paradise is a lost 1926 silent escapist-romance directed by Irvin Willat and released by First National Pictures. The film stars Milton Sills and Betty Bronson. Based on a popular novel Paradise by Cosmo Hamilton and John Russell. One of Sills most successful films.
 The Four Days of Naples (Italian: Le Quattro giornate di Napoli) is a 1962 Italian film directed by Nanni Loy and set during the uprising which gives its name. It stars Regina Bianchi Aldo Giuffrè Lea Massari Jean Sorel Franco Sportelli Charles Belmont Gian Maria Volonté and Frank Wolff.The film won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Director and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and Writing Original Screenplay and a BAFTA Award for Best Film.
 Zoetrope is an Irish Experimental film directed by Rouzbeh Rashidi that tells the visual report of a family. Zoetrope deals with the quality of being expressive explores the locations & reveals a life in a small house and its surrounding. The film slowly evolves and shows the history of nothingness of the characters who are in Zoetrope.
 Breaking All the Rules is a 1985 comedy film directed by James Orr. It stars Carl Marotte and Thor Bishopric.
 Not to be confused with the science fiction novel of the same title by Chad Oliver or the ethnobotany related book by Wade DavisShadows in the Sun is a television movie starring Harvey Keitel and Joshua Jackson. It premiered on ABC Family in 2005. It was written and directed by Brad Mirman and was filmed under the title The Shadow Dancer.
 King of Gamblers is a 1937 American low-budget gangster film directed by Robert Florey. Akim Tamiroff takes an unusual featured role as a slot-machine racketeer whose bombing of an uncooperative barber shop leads to a murder charge.
 Vigil in the Night is a 1940 film (produced and distributed by RKO Pictures) based on the 1939 serialized novel Vigil in the Night by A. J. Cronin. The film was produced and directed by George Stevens and stars Carole Lombard Brian Aherne and Anne Shirley.
 Hammer Bay is a 2007 Australian short film written and directed by Ben Briand. The film's unconventional structure is part narrative and part free form documentary. The ensemble cast includes Jacki Weaver Guy Edmonds Ben Briand and Amy Mizzi.
 The Men Who Stare at Goats is a 2009 American comedy war film directed by Grant Heslov and based on Jon Ronson's book of the same name an account of the investigation by Ronson and John Sergeant into attempts by the U.S. military to employ psychic powers as a weapon.
 The Kids from the Port (Spanish: Los Chicos Del Puerto) is a 2013 Spanish drama film directed by Alberto Morais. It competed in the main competition section of the 35th Moscow International Film Festival. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Hay que educar a Niní is a 1940 Argentine film.
 Maazii is an Indian bollywood film. directed by Jaideep Chopra and produced by Jaideep Chopra & Narendra Singh. The title Maazii is an Urdu word meaning the past.
 Panamericana is a 2010 documentary about the life at the longest road on Earth: a road-trip from Mexico to Argentina through 12 countries and for 13000 kilometers.
 Charade is a 1984 animated Canadian film directed by John Minnis. The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 57th Academy Awards. The film was animated by Minnis with Pantone markers on paper during a single 3-month summer term at Sheridan College.
 Fatih Sultan Muhammad is a feature-length animated film about the Fall of Constantinople to Ottoman Sultan Muhammad II narrated from the Ottoman perspective.The original film was in Turkish – an English translation was produced by Astrolabe Pictures [1] a small firm based in Herndon Virginia marketing films to American Muslims. This film talks about the struggles the Turkish people had faced in order to conquer Constantiople(now called Istanbul Turkey.)
 La Trappola di fuoco is a 1952 Italian film.
 Desert Legion is a 1953 American action film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Alan Ladd Arlene Dahl Richard Conte and Akim Tamiroff.
 The Guns of Navarone is a 1961 British-American action/adventure war film directed by J. Lee Thompson. The screenplay by producer Carl Foreman was based on Scottish author Alistair MacLean's 1957 novel The Guns of Navarone about the Dodecanese Campaign of World War II. It stars Gregory Peck David Niven and Anthony Quinn along with Stanley Baker and Anthony Quayle.
 The Cow Who Wanted to Be a Hamburger is an American independent short film directed by Bill Plympton. It was screened first at the Annecy Film Festival and after a long-festival running was nominated for Best Short Film at the 38th Annie Awards.
 Stolen Hours is a 1963 British-American film directed by Daniel Petrie which stars Susan Hayward in the role of a bitchy socialite who is operated on for a brain tumor and then falls in love with and marries her surgeon. Also in the cast were Michael Craig Edward Judd and Diane Baker. It is remake by United Artists of a Bette Davis film Dark Victory (1939) with Hayward in the Davis' role.
 Alma grande (Great Soul) is a 1966 Mexican film based on a comic book created by Pedro Zapian (writer of the Chanoc stories) at the beginning of the sixties. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 How Democracy Works Now: Twelve Stories is a 12-part documentary film series that examines the American political system through the lens of immigration reform from 2001–2007. The films were directed and produced by award-winning filmmaking team Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini.How Democracy Works Now premiered on HBO with the broadcast debut of The Senators' Bargain on March 24 2010.
 Il medico... la studentessa is a 1976 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Silvio Amadio.
 After Tonight is a 1933 World War I spy film starring Constance Bennett and Gilbert Roland and directed by George Archainbaud. The studio considered firing Bennett after the film lost $100000 at the box office.
 Ed's Next Move is a 1996 American romantic comedy film written and directed by John C. Walsh. It stars Matt Ross and Callie Thorne. A micro-budget romantic comedy about a transplanted Midwesterner adapting to life in New York's East Village the film appeared at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival where it received critical praise and was picked up by Orion Classics for theatrical release.
 The Saint's Double Trouble is a 1940 action-adventure film produced by RKO Pictures. The film stars George Sanders as Simon Templar a.k.a. The Saint a master criminal turned crime-fighter and features horror film legend Bela Lugosi as The Partner.
 My Friend Joe is a 1996 film directed by Chris Bould starring Schuyler Fisk and John Cleere. The film is based on the 1985 Swedish novel Janne min vän (Johnny My Friend) by Peter Pohl.
 East Side Story is a 1997 documentary directed by Dana Ranga. The film documents the Soviet Bloc musical genre which first appeared under Stalin and spread to Soviet-occupied Eastern Europe. The film features interviews with actors film historians and audience members who reminisce on these unlikely films and their impact on Soviet Bloc life.
 Ek Saudagar is a 1985 Hindi film which starred Rajinikanth and Sharat Saxena.
 Gaali is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1944.
 Daani is a Pakistani film by Khalid Ahmed and Faaroq Rind. It won the best telefilm award at the Kara Film festival in 2006.
 Dressed to Kill is a 1928 silent film drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring Mary Astor and Edmund Lowe. Astor was on loan from Warner Bros. for the film. The New York Times review stated - Edmund Lowe is capital as the well-tailored Barry. Mr. Barry likes a good round of golf on the day following a fruitful burglary. Mary Astor is charming as Jean and R. O. Pennell makes the most of the Professor's rôle..Samuel L.
 Hotel Transylvania is a 2012 American 3D computer animated fantasy comedy film produced by Sony Pictures Animation. It was directed by Genndy Tartakovsky the creator of Samurai Jack Dexter's Laboratory and Sym-Bionic Titan and produced by Michelle Murdocca.
 Yaaron Ka Yaar is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh.
 Pattalam (English: Crew) is a Tamil language film released in 2009. It stars Nadiya Moidu who plays the role of a school correspondent and psychiatrist who is very close to 9 school going youngsters who are having a blast enjoying their teenage years without any commitments to burden them. Produced by Thirupathi Brothers company.
 Zero Focus (ゼロの焦点 Zero no Shōten) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Isshin Inudō. It was nominated for Best Film at the 33rd Japan Academy Prize. It is a remake of the 1961 film by the same name.
 Long Weekend is an Australian horror film shot in 1977 and first shown in 1978. The film was directed by Colin Eggleston and stars John Hargreaves and Briony Behets.
 The Pod People (original title Los nuevos extraterrestres literally The New Extraterrestrials) is a 1983 Spanish science fiction film directed by Juan Piquer Simón. A young boy discovers a lovable alien creature but the alien's mother is on the prowl. The film's original draft was meant to be a straightforward horror film about an evil alien on a murderous rampage but the producers demanded script alterations in order to cash in on the success of Steven Spielberg's E.T.
 God's Sentence (Portuguese: Sentença de Deus) is an unfinished Brazilian western film project developed between 1954 and 1956 directed by José Mojica Marins. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English Coffin Joe). The film was restored into a complete format in 2007 by Portal Heco de Cinema de Brasil.
 Pest Man Wins is the 136th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Contract (Russian: Контракт) is a 1985 Soviet/Russian animation based on the short science fiction story Company Store (1958) by Robert Silverberg and directed by Vladimir Tarasov. The song I Can't Give You Anything but Love Baby is used in the animation.
 I'm a Man is a 1918 American short comedy film directed by King Vidor.
 Nartaki starring Sunil Dutt and Nanda in key roles with good music is a 1963 Indian Bollywood film. It was the fifth grossing Indian film of 1963. The song 'Zindagi ke safar mein akele the hum' is very good.
 Another Mother or De Nieuwe Moeder is a 1996 Dutch film directed by Paula van der Oest.
 Jennifer 8 is a 1992 American mystery film written and directed by Bruce Robinson and starring Andy García Uma Thurman and John Malkovich.
 The Punisher: Dirty Laundry (stylized as #DIRTYLAUNDRY) is a 2012 fan film based on the Punisher franchise starring Thomas Jane (reprising the title role from the 2004 film The Punisher) and Ron Perlman and produced by Adi Shankar. The film was first screened at the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con International.
 Miami Connection is a 1987 independent martial arts film starring Y.K. Kim who also wrote and produced the feature. Originally the film was critically maligned and received poor box office return upon release. It remained unseen for decades until Drafthouse Films restored the film for a proper release in 2012. The film was released on DVD Blu-ray limited-edition VHS and various digital download options on December 11 2012.
 Dil Bole Hadippa! (Heart Says Hurray!) is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Anurag Singh and produced by Aditya Chopra under the Yash Raj Films banner. It stars Shahid Kapoor and Rani Mukerji in pivotal roles in the story about a young woman who pretends to be a man to join an all-male cricket team. It also has Anupam Kher Dalip Tahil Rakhi Sawant and Sherlyn Chopra in supporting roles.
 About Adam is a 2000 British-American-Irish romantic comedy film written and directed by Gerard Stembridge. The screenplay focuses on the effect a seductive young man has on four siblings.
 Horrors of Malformed Men aka Horror of a Deformed Man aka The Horror of Malformed Men (江戸川乱歩全集　恐怖奇形人間 Edogawa Rampo Zenshū: Kyoufu Kikei Ningen) is a 1969 Japanese film in the Ero guro (erotic-grotesque) sub-genre of Toei's style of Pink film. Directed by Teruo Ishii the film is considered a precursor to Toei's ventures into the Pinky violent style in the early 1970s.
 Senza Tempo is a short film by Italian director Gabriele Muccino director of L'ultimo bacio (One Last Kiss) Remember Me My Love (Ricordati di me) with Monica Bellucci and The Pursuit of Happyness with Will Smith. The film is the result of a collaboration between Peroni Nastro Azzurro and Muccino and will be shown in cinemas throughout the UK.
 Madagascar (1994) is a Cuban film that marked Fernando Pérez's change of direction into a more lyrical approach to filmmaking somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work. The film chronicles the relationship and lack of communication between a mother and daughter during the Cuban economic crisis known as the Special Period.
 Divorce in Montevideo (Spanish: Divorcio en Montevideo) is a 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Manuel Romero. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Enrique Serrano.
 Puberty Blues is a 1981 Australian film directed by Bruce Beresford. The film is based on the 1979 novel Puberty Blues by Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette which is a protofeminist teen novel about two 13-year-old girls from the lower middle class Sutherland Shire in Sydney Australia. The girls attempt to create a popular social status by ingratiating themselves with the Greenhill gang of surfers.
 Besa e kuqe is a 1982 Albanian film. It was directed by Piro Milkani with music by Zef Çoba.
 Baseraa is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film. The film was produced by Ramesh Behl and directed by Ramesh Talwar. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Raakhee Rekha Poonam Dhillon Raj Kiran A.K. Hangal and Iftekar. The music of the film is by R.D. Burman.
 The Statue is a British film comedy starring David Niven Robert Vaughn and Italian beauty Virna Lisi in the key roles.
 anufSkippy is a film that was released in 1931. The screenplay by Joseph L. Mankiewicz Don Marquis Norman Z. McLeod and Sam Mintz was based on the comic strip Skippy by Percy Crosby. For his performance Jackie Cooper at the age of nine became the youngest person to earn an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor in a Leading Role.The film starred Jackie Cooper Robert Coogan Mitzi Green and Jackie Searl. Director Norman Taurog won the Academy Award for Directing.
 Galileo is a 1974 film version of the Bertolt Brecht play The Life of Galileo. The film was produced and released as part of the American Film Theatre which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series.
 Kiss Me Sergeant is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller Gladys Cruickshank and Gladys Frazin. In India a British soldier saves the jewelled eye of a sacred idol. It was based on a play by Syd Courtenay and was sometimes released under the alternative title Idol of Moolah.
 Flower Girl is a 2013 Nigerian romantic comedy film set and shot in Lagos Nigeria. It revolves around a story of Kemi (Damilola Adegbite) who is dying to get married to Umar (Chris Attoh); a young man who is desperate to get ahead in his career. When their relationship hits troubled waters Kemi seeks the help of movie superstar Tunde (Chuks Chukwujekwu) and they hatch a plan to get Kemi what she wants.
 Abdul the Damned is a 1935 British drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Fritz Kortner Nils Asther and John Stuart. It was made by British International Pictures. It set in the Ottoman Empire in the years before the First World War where the Sultan and the Young Turks battle for power. It is also known as Abdul Hamid.
 The Pine's Revenge is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Return Home is a 1990 Australian drama film directed by Ray Argall. Argall won the AFI Award for Best Director in 1990 and Frankie J. Holden was nominated for Best Actor in a Lead Role.
 Saadia is a 1953 adventure film directed by Albert Lewin.
 Jogan is a 1950 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Kidar Nath Sharma and starring Dilip Kumar and Nargis. It features the song Ghungat ke pat khol sung by Geeta Dutt. Rajendra Kumar in his film debut plays a small role.A box-office success the film became the fourth highest earning film of 1950 earning an approximate gross of Rs.11200000 and a nett gross of Rs.6200000.
 Bandidas is a 2006 French/Mexican/American Western action comedy starring Salma Hayek and Penélope Cruz directed by Norwegian directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg and produced and written by Luc Besson. It tells the tale of two very different women in mid-19th century Mexico who become a bank robbing duo in an effort to combat a ruthless enforcer terrorising their town.This is the first movie that Cruz and Hayek starred in together.
 Evil Twin (전설의 고향 Jeonseol-ui gohyang) is a 2007 South Korean horror film.When an accident claims the life of a young girl Hyo-jin. Her twin sister So-yeon fell into a coma and awakens 10 years later. Many deaths follows her recovery and she seemingly takes on her sister's personality traits. It is then revealed that the one killed in the lake 10 years ago was not Hyo-jin but So-yeon and the living twin is truly Hyo-jin.
 Walker Payne is a 2006 film directed and co-written by Matt Williams. It features Jason Patric Drea de Matteo KaDee Strickland Sam Shepard and Bruce Dern. It was shown at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 27 2006.
 Her Choice is a 1915 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Hrid Majharey (English: Live in my Heart) is a 2013 Indian romantic drama film directed by debutant Bengali filmmaker Ranjan Ghosh.Ayaan Kar the film's producer has stated that the story is loosely inspired by one of Shakespeare's plays.
 Shock ‘Em Dead (1990) also known as Rock ‘Em Dead is a comedic horror film written by Mark Freed David Tedder and Andrew Cross and directed by Mark Freed. It stars Traci Lords in one of her first post-adult film roles.
 Hellbound: Hellraiser II is a 1988 British-American horror film directed by Tony Randel. It draws heavily upon and was made by much of the same cast and crew as its precursor Hellraiser.
 The Aura (Spanish: El Aura) is a 2005 Argentine psychological thriller neo-noir film directed and written by Fabián Bielinsky and starring Ricardo Darín. The plot revolves around Esteban Espinosa (Darín) an epileptic taxidermist who often fantasizes about committing the perfect crime. While hunting in Patagonia Espinosa accidentally kills Dietrich (Rodal) a guide from the area and discovers he is in fact a criminal.
 Saravanan Engira Surya (Tamil: சரவணன் என்கிற சூர்யா)is an upcoming Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Raja Subbiah. The film stars Raja Subbiah and Neha Gayatri in lead roles. Dhanraj Manickam scores the music and Sankar is the cameraman.
 Patala Bhairavi (Telugu - పాతాళ భైరవి) (English: The Goddess of Underground) was a 1951 Telugu fantasy film produced by Vijaya Pictures. The ensemble cast film was directed by Kadri Venkata Reddy with screenplay adaptation by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. The film is listed among CNN-IBN's list of hundred greatest Indian films of all time.The film is based on a story from Kasi Majilee Kathalu written by Madhira Subbanna Deekshitulu.
 Vildledt Elskov is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom under the Nordisk Films banner.
 My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times. The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as Big Brother. The title refers to the guessing game I spy.
 The Good Old Naughty Days (French title: Polissons et galipettes – Rascals and somersaults) released in 2002 is a compilation from over 300 recently discovered film clips from silent hardcore pornographic films made between 1905 and 1930 re-edited by director Michel Reilhac with a new soundtrack by Eric Le Guen. Most of the films were made in France and were intended to be shown in brothels.
 Paalum Pazhamum (English: Milk & Fruit) is a 1961 Tamil-language film directed by A. Bhimsingh and featuring Sivaji Ganesan B. Saroja Devi and Sowcar Janaki. The film was remade in Kannada as Beratha Jeeva with Kalyan Kumar.
 Girl Boss Guerilla (女番長ゲリラ Sukeban gerira) is a 1972 Japanese film in the sukeban (delinquent girl) sub-genre of Toei's Pinky violence style of Pink film. The third in the seven-film Girl Boss series it was directed by Norifumi Suzuki and starred Miki Sugimoto and Reiko Ike.
 You Don't Have to Die is a 1988 American short documentary film about a young boy's successful battle against cancer directed by Malcolm Clarke and Bill Guttentag. It won an Academy Award in 1989 for Documentary Short Subject.
 Sunset at Chaophraya (Thai: คู่กรรม Khu Kam) is a 2013 romantic-war-drama film directed by Kittikorn Liasirikun. Adapted from the novel Khu Kam by Thommayanti the story is a love triangle set in World War II-era Thailand and depicts the star-crossed romance between an Imperial Japanese Navy officer and a Thai woman who is involved with the Free Thai resistance.
 The Singles 2nd Ward is a comedy film directed by Kurt Hale. Like The Singles Ward and other films which followed it The Singles 2nd Ward's target audience is members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and citizens of Utah. As such references to and parodies of the Mormon and Utah subcultures pervade the film and are unlikely to be understood by non-Mormons. However the film provides an interesting and comical view into the sometimes strange world of the Mormon culture.
 The Wacky World of Mother Goose (1967) is an animated feature film made by Rankin/Bass written by Romeo Muller and directed by Jules Bass based on Charles Perrault's stories and nursery rhymes. It features Humpty Dumpty the old lady who lives in a shoe and the Crooked Man (the villain). Mother Goose is voiced by Margaret Rutherford.
 Taxi 2 (also called Taxi Taxi) is a French film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and released in 2000. It is a sequel to Taxi written by Luc Besson and directed by Gérard Pirès in 1998. It was followed by Taxi 3 in 2003.
 Vidas Secas (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈvi.tas ˈse.kas] meaning Barren lives) is a 1963 Brazilian drama film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos and based on the 1938 novel of the same name by Graciliano Ramos. It tells the story of a poverty-stricken family in the dry Brazilian northeast.The film stars Átila Iório Orlando Macedo Maria Ribeiro and Jofre Soares. It is one of the key films in the Brazilian Cinema Novo movement. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival.
 Maria's Day (Hungarian: Mária-nap) is a 1984 Hungarian drama film directed by Judit Elek. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.
 Final Girl is an upcoming American action thriller film directed by Tyler Shields in his directorial debut and written by Adam Prince based on the story by Stephen Scarlata Alejandro Seri and Johnny Silver. The film stars Abigail Breslin Alexander Ludwig and Wes Bentley.At least one source refers to the film by a slightly different title The Final Girls.
 The Kings of Appletown is a 2009 dramedy/adventure film starring twins Dylan and Cole Sprouse written by Amanda Moresco directed by Robert Moresco and produced by Moresco Productions in association with Oak Films. This will be the second time the twins and Victoria Justice have worked together the first time was in an episode of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody.
 We Faw Down is a 1928 two-reel silent comedy starring Laurel and Hardy and directed by Leo McCarey. It was shot in August and September 1928 and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on December 29 of that year with synchronized music and sound effects in theaters wired for sound. The plot line was later reworked into one of Laurel and Hardy's most celebrated films Sons of the Desert (1933).
 Per una manciata d'oro is a 1965 Italian adventure film.
 The Dead Next Door is a 1989 zombie horror film directed by J.R. Bookwalter and produced by Sam Raimi under the pseudonym 'The Master Cylinder'.
 Sit Tight (1931) is an all-talking pre-code musical comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon written by Rex Taylor and produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. It was originally completed as a full musical. Due to the backlash against musicals however all the songs were cut from the film except for one (sung by Winnie Lightner) in all release prints in the United States.
 They Were Not Divided is a 1950 British war film which depicted the Guards Armoured Division in Second World War Europe. It was written and directed by Terence Young a former Guards officer who served in the campaigns depicted in the film.The cast consisted of little known professional actors and real soldiers with speaking parts.
 Little Red Riding Hood is a 48-minute direct-to-video animated film produced by Jetlag Productions. It was distributed by GoodTimes Home Video and originally released on VHS on July 31 1995. The film was produced by Mark Taylor and directed by Toshiyuki Hiruma Takashi. Writer George Arthur Bloom adapted the script from Charles Perrault's version of the story of Little Red Riding Hood.
 Gangster's Boy is a 1938 American film directed by William Nigh.
 Love in Bombay (also marketed under the title Love in Mumbai) is a Hindi film produced and directed by Joy Mukherjee. The film was originally made in 1971 and starred Waheeda Rehman Sonia Sahni Rehman Kishore Kumar and Ashok Kumar. The film was not released and was discovered by Mukherjee's son after his death in March 9 2012. But it has released on August 2 2013 that is42 years after it was made.
 Anastasia is a 1997 American animated musical fantasy drama film produced by Fox Animation Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman the film is an animated adaptation of the 1956 live-action film of the same name both based on the urban legend claiming that the Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II in fact survived the execution of her family.
 Bloodfist VIII: Trained to Kill (though later released as Bloodfist VIII: Hard Way Out) is a 1996 action/adventure film starring Don Wilson John Patrick White Jillian McWhirter and Warren Burton. It was directed by Rick Jacobson and written by Alex Simon.
 Krok do tmy is a 1937 Czech criminal-comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 America Goes Over was a documentary propaganda film produced by the US Army Signal Corp in 1918 documenting the activities of the American Expeditionary Forces in World War I under General John J. Pershing.
 Mac and Me (aka MAC and Me) is a 1988 American science fiction adventure film co-written (with Steve Feke) and directed by Stewart Raffill about a Mysterious Alien Creature (MAC) that escapes from nefarious NASA agents and is befriended by a boy who uses a wheelchair due to paraplegia. Together they try to find MAC's family from whom he has been separated.
 Elves is a 1989 American horror film directed by Jeffrey Mandel and starring Dan Haggerty Deanna Lund and Ken Carpenter.
 Step on It! is a 1922 American Western film directed by Jack Conway and featuring Hoot Gibson released by Universal Pictures.
 Great Mail Robbery is a 1927 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.
 Case Closed: The Phantom of Baker Street known as Detective Conan: The Phantom of Baker Street (名探偵コナン ベイカー街の亡霊 Meitantei Konan: Beikā Sutorīto no Bōrei) in Japan is the 6th Case Closed feature film released in Japan on April 20 2002. Phantom of Baker Street is the first film in the series written by Hisashi Nozawa. This was the last of the Detective Conan films done in traditional animation.It was released on February 16 2010 in America on DVD.
 Sandor slash Ida is a 2005 Swedish tragicomedy directed by Henrik Georgsson starring Aliette Opheim and Andrej Lunusjkin. It is based on the in Sweden best selling novel Sandor slash Ida by Sara Kadefors. It is one of a few Swedish youth movies from the 2000s.
 Drive is a 1998 cult action film starring Mark Dacascos Kadeem Hardison Tracey Walter John Pyper-Ferguson Brittany Murphy and Masaya Kato. The film was directed by Steve Wang with stunt work/fight choreography done by Koichi Sakamoto. Like most of Wang's films at the time Drive went straight-to-video but received a cult following afterwards.
 Portrait of an Assassin is a 1949 French film starring Maria Montez.
 The Great Warrior Skanderbeg (Albanian: Skenderbeu Russian: Velikiy voin Albanii Skanderbeg) is a 1953 Albanian-Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival where it earned the International Prize.
 Georgootty C/O Georgootty (Malayalam: ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി C/O ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി) is a 1991 Malayalam–language romantic comedy / drama film starring Jayaram Sunitha and Thilakan in major roles. It was directed by Haridas (ayyapan> and written by Ranjith the film was produced under the banner of Chandragiri Productions. It was Haridas' directorial debut. Haridas got the State Award for Best New face Director for this film. The music was composed by Mohan Sithara with lyrics by Gireesh Puthenchery.
 30 Years to Life is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Vanessa Middleton. The film marks Middleton's directorial debut and stars Allen Payne Paula Jai Parker and Tracy Morgan.
 The Monitor (original title: Babycall; titled The Monitor under US release) is a 2011 Norwegian thriller film written and directed by Pål Sletaune and starring Noomi Rapace. The original title Babycall is the Norwegian/Swedish term for a baby monitor; the film maintained this title upon release in Europe and Australia. The film was released on October 7 2011 in Norway and was released direct-to-video in the United States on July 24 2012.
 Inferno in diretta internationally released as Cut and Run and Amazon: Savage Adventure is a 1985 Italian thriller film directed by Ruggero Deodato.
 The Collector is a 2009 horror film written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton and directed by Dunstan.Originally titled The Midnight Man the script was originally intended to be a Saw prequel but the producers were against the idea and quickly dismissed it.
 Breach is a 2007 American historical drama film directed by Billy Ray. The screenplay by Ray Adam Mazer and William Rotko is based on the true story of Robert Hanssen an FBI agent convicted of spying for the Soviet Union and later Russia for more than two decades and Eric O'Neill who worked as his assistant and helped bring about his downfall. O'Neill served as a consultant on the film.
 Page Eight is a 2011 British political thriller written and directed for the BBC by the British writer David Hare his first film as director since the 1989 film Strapless. The cast includes Bill Nighy Rachel Weisz Michael Gambon Tom Hughes Ralph Fiennes and Judy Davis. The film was followed by Turks & Caicos and Salting the Battlefield which were broadcast on BBC Two in March 2014. The three films are jointly known as The Worricker Trilogy.
 The Underground Comedy Movie is a 1999 film directed by and starring Vince Offer. It features music by NOFX and Guttermouth among others. It is considered by many as one of the worst films of all time.
 Four is a 2012 American independent feature film written and directed by Joshua Sanchez. It is based on the play of the same name by Christopher Shinn. The film stars Wendell Pierce Emory Cohen Aja Naomi King and E.J. Bonilla. The film premiered at the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival where its ensemble cast won the top acting award. E.J. Bonilla received an Imagen Award nomination for his performance and Wendell Pierce received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for his performance.
 Glamour is a 1931 British drama film directed by Seymour Hicks and Harry Hughes and starring Seymour Hicks Ellaline Terriss and Margot Grahame. A young ruthless woman falls in love with a rising actor. It was loosely remade for the 1934 American film Glamour.
 The Producers is a 2005 American musical-comedy film directed by Susan Stroman. The film stars Nathan Lane Matthew Broderick Uma Thurman Gary Beach Roger Bart and Will Ferrell. The film is an adaptation of the 2001 Broadway musical which in turn was based on the 1968 film of the same name starring Zero Mostel Gene Wilder and Andreas Voutsinas.
 The Man with Two Faces (Hangul: 공포의 이중인간; RR: Gongpoui ijongingan) is a 1975 South Korean horror film.
 A Friend Is a Treasure (Italian: Chi trova un amico trova un tesoro also known as Who Finds a Friend Finds a Treasure) is an Italian adventure-comedy movie directed in 1981 by Sergio Corbucci. It was filmed at Key Biscayne Florida.
 The Hunchback of Notre Dame (sometimes known as simply Hunchback) is a 1982 British-American TV movie based on the Victor Hugo novel. It was directed by Michael Tuchner and Alan Hume and produced by Norman Rosemont and Malcolm J. Christopher. It starred Anthony Hopkins Derek Jacobi Lesley-Anne Down and John Gielgud. The film was produced as part of the long-running Hallmark Hall of Fame series and was televised February 4 1982 on CBS.
 Ustad Hotel is a 2012 Malayalam–language Indian drama film written by Anjali Menon directed by Anwar Rasheed and produced by Listin Stephen under the banner of Magic Frames and was distributed by Central Pictures. The film stars Dulquer Salmaan in the lead role Thilakan Nithya Menen Siddique Mamukkoya and Lena Abhilash in supporting roles and Asif Ali and Jishnu in cameo roles.
 Thursday We Shall Sing Like Sunday (French: Jeudi on chantera comme dimanche) is a 1967 Belgian-French comedy film directed by Luc de Heusch. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Chandamama (Malayalam : ചന്ദാമാമ) is 1999 Malayalam film by Murali Krishnan starring Kunchako Boban Jagathi Sreekumar Sudheesh and Kalabhavan Navas. The movie is a remake of the Hollywood movie Weekend at Bernie's.
 Ganga Ki Kasam is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Jackie Shroff Dipti Bhatnagar Mink Singh Johnny Lever Shakti Kapoor Dalip Tahil Mukesh Rishi and Raza Murad.
 Conquering the Woman is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor. It is unknown whether any print of the film survives; it may be a lost film.
 The Child and the Pope (Spanish: El niño y el Papa) is a 1987 Colombian film which tells the story of a nine-year-old Mexican boy named Angel who wanted to meet the Pope after he was a victim of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. The film was directed by Rodrigo Castaño and played role by Christopher Lago and Verónica Castro. In 1987 it was released after Pope John Paul II's visit to Colombia.
 Bordertown Café is a Canadian drama film originally released in 1992. The screenplay was written by Kelly Rebar based on her award-winning 1990 play of the same name and the film was directed by Norma Bailey. The film stars Janet Wright and Susan Hogan.
 Ghost-Cat of Gojusan-Tsugi (怪猫五十三次 Kaibyo Gojusan-tsugi) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese horror (J-Horror) film directed by Bin Kado.
 Volunteers is a 1985 comedy directed by Nicholas Meyer and starring Tom Hanks and John Candy.
 The Toxic Avenger Part II is a 1989 comedy horror film released by Troma Entertainment. It was directed by Lloyd Kaufman and features The Toxic Avenger in an adventure to Japan to meet his father. The film has received cult status among a new audience almost a generation after it was first released. Go Nagai makes a cameo appearance and the film is also the debut of actor/martial artist Michael Jai White and musician/composer/performance artist Phoebe Legere.
 Manakanakku is a Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth Sarath Babu Rajesh Ambika and Radha in the lead roles. Kamal Hassan comeos as a film director in which Vijayakanth works as the cinematographer.this was the only film where both the sisters did not engage dubbing artists.
 High School U.S.A. is a 1983 television movie directed by Rodney Amateau. The film originally aired on NBC on October 16 1983 and features an ensemble cast including Michael J. Fox Anthony Edwards and Crispin Glover. Several of the key actors appeared in sitcoms that were popular at the time. These include Todd Bridges and Dana Plato from Diff'rent Strokes Nancy McKeon from The Facts of Life and Michael J.
 Bells Are Ringing is a 1960 romantic comedy-musical film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Judy Holliday and Dean Martin.
 Jack is a Canadian television film which debuted on CBC Television on March 10 2013. A biopic of the late Jack Layton the film stars Rick Roberts as Layton and Sook-Yin Lee as Olivia Chow. The film was originally announced in 2012 as Smilin' Jack: The Jack Layton Story.The film's cast also includes Zachary Bennett as Brad Lavigne Joel S.
 Nothing But the Best is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Clive Donner based on the 1952 short story 'The Best of Everything' by Stanley Ellin.
 A Walk in the Sun (Swedish: En vandring i solen) is a 1978 Swedish drama film directed by Hans Dahlberg and starring Gösta Ekman Inger Lise Rypdal and Margaretha Krook. At the 15th Guldbagge Awards Sif Ruud won the award for Best Actress.An unsettled Swedish sports writer tries to escape from his relationship problems and the Swedish winter by taking a package holiday to the Mediterranean. It was based on a 1976 novel by Stig Claesson.
 Come Morning is a feature-length dramatic thriller written and directed by Derrick Sims. The film was produced by Fabled Motion Pictures and shot in October 2011 in Cleveland County Arkansas. Come Morning premiered October 21 2012 at the Austin Film Festival. The film won a special jury award for cinematography at the 2013 Oxford Film Festival. In September 2013 the film had its final festival screening at the White Sands International Film Festival.
 Chirodini... Tumi Je Aamar (Bengali pronunciation: [tʃirod̪ini t̪umi dʒɛ amar]; You Are Mine Eternally) is a 2008 Bengali film by Raj Chakraborty. The film was inspired by the Balaji Sakthivel directed Tamil film Kaadhal.
 Son of Ingagi is a 1940 American film directed by Richard Kahn. Son of Ingagi is the first science fiction-horror film to feature an all-black cast. The film is about Elanor and Bob Lindsay inheriting the house of the doctor Helen Jackson who had just returned from her trip to Africa. Jackson also had returned with a missing link monster named N'Gina as well as African gold. When N'Gina drinks the doctor's potion it puts him into a rage that makes him murder Dr.Jackson.
 Small Soldiers is a 1998 American science fiction action comedy film directed by Joe Dante starring Gregory Smith Kirsten Dunst Frank Langella and Tommy Lee Jones. The film revolves around two teenagers (played by Smith and Dunst) who get caught in the middle of a war between two factions of sentient action figures the Gorgonites and the Commando Elite.Critical reception of the film was mixed.
 A Hoosier Romance is an 1918 Selig Polyscope film featuring silent film actress Colleen Moore. It was one of two films for Selig that she made the other being Little Orphant Annie.
 Sugar Honey and Pepper (Italian: Zucchero miele e peperoncino) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.
 Rock and Roll's Greatest Failure: Otway the Movie is a feature-length documentary directed by Steve Barker about English singer-songwriter John Otway.
 Carbon Copy is a 1981 British-American comedy film directed by Michael Schultz. The film stars George Segal Susan Saint James Jack Warden and features Denzel Washington in his feature-film debut.This movie is the first feature film produced by RKO Pictures after a break of many years though they were only co-distributor with Avco/Embassy Pictures and Hemdale Film Corpration.
 Al's Lads (released in the United States as Capone's Boys) is a 2002 British crime/drama film.
 The Police Story film series (Chinese: 警察故事系列) comprises five Hong Kong crime-action films directed by Jackie Chan Stanley Tong and Benny Chan produced by Raymond Chow Leonard Ho Jackie Chan Barbie Tung Willie Chan and Solon So. The first film Police Story was released on 14 December 1985.
 The First Circus is an 1921 American short silent animated film produced and directed by Tony Sarg and Herbert M. Dawley featuring a pair of prehistoric circus performers balancing upon a brontosaurus. A print has been preserved in the US Library of Congress film archive.
 The Great Dictator is a 1940 American satirical political comedy-drama film starring written produced scored and directed by Charlie Chaplin following the tradition of many of his other films.
 El Hombre virgen is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto.
 Oh Kay! is a 1928 silent film produced by John McCormick and distributed by First National Pictures. McCormick's wife Colleen Moore starred with Mervyn LeRoy directed. It is based on the musical Oh Kay!. This film is lost.
 Mitta Miraasu is a South Indian Tamil film directed by Kalanjiyam released in 2001.
 Nine from Little Rock is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the Little Rock Nine the first nine African-American students to attend an all-white Arkansas high school in 1957. The film was commissioned by George Stevens Jr. of the United States Information Agency. The film won Guggenheim his first Academy Award in 1965 for Documentary Short Subject. He was also nominated in the same category the same year for Children Without.
 Sita Swayamvar (English title: Sita's Wedding) is a 1976 Bollywood film directed by Bapu. The film stars are Ravi Kumar and Jayapradha. Sita Swayamvar is the prequel to the followup film Shri Ram Vanvas.
 Agni Sakshi is a Tamil language film directed by K. Balachander starring Sivakumar and Saritha in the lead roles. Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan play a short cameo as themselves. Saritha was portrayed as a Schizophrenia patient in this film. The movie was a box office failure. However Saritha won Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress.
 Yamakasi - Les samouraïs des temps modernes is a 2001 French movie featuring the Yamakasi.
 Touching Home is a 2008 American drama film directed by Marin County California twins Logan and Noah Miller. The film stars Ed Harris Brad Dourif and Robert Forster.
 Blood is a 2000 horror film starring Adrian Rawlins. Its director and writer Charly Cantor won a Jury Award for the film in 2000. Its plot concerns a doctor who engineered a woman with narcotic blood encounters his creation 20 years later and falls in love... or does he? Is this love or addiction?
 Galapagos is a 1955 travel and nature documentary film made by explorer Thor Heyerdahl showing the flora and fauna of the Galapagos archipelago.
 Aalolam is a 1982 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed Mohan starring Nedumudi Venu Bharath Gopi K. R. Vijaya Sankaradi and T. M. Abraham.
 Running Man (Hangul: 런닝맨; RR: Reonningmaen) is a 2013 South Korean action film starring Shin Ha-kyun as an ordinary man who begins to be chased and watched by the entire nation after he is falsely accused in a homicide case.Running Man was the first ever Korean movie to have 100% of its investment come from a Hollywood studio 20th Century Fox which also produced it along with CreaPictures. Distributed by CJ E&M it was released in theaters on April 4 2013.
 The Black Arrow is a 1948 swashbuckler film.
 Mac & Devin Go to High School is a 2012 American direct-to-DVD stoner film directed by Dylan Brown. The film stars rappers Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa in the title roles along with Mike Epps Teairra Mari Andy Milonakis Luenell in supporting roles and the voice of Mystikal in a guest appearance. The story follows two high school students geeky Devin and badman Mac who is a stoner. He befriends Devin and introduces him to cannabis.
 Top Gun is a 1986 American action drama film directed by Tony Scott and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer in association with Paramount Pictures. The screenplay was written by Jim Cash and Jack Epps Jr. and was inspired by the article Top Guns written by Ehud Yonay for California magazine.The film stars Tom Cruise Kelly McGillis Val Kilmer Anthony Edwards and Tom Skerritt.
 Safari is a 1955 film made in CinemaScope and Technicolor on location in Kenya by Warwick Films. Set during the Mau Mau Uprising it stars Victor Mature in the first of several roles with Warwick Janet Leigh Roland Culver John Justin and Earl Cameron and was directed by Terence Young.
 Un taxi pour Tobrouk is a 1960 French film directed by Denys de La Patellière with music by Georges Garvarentz. The story takes place during World War II in the North African desert at the Battle of El Alamein.
 12 is an independent feature film written directed edited and produced over the course of 10 years by filmmaker Lawrence Bridges. Considered the longest continuous production in film's history 12 is also the first film to use the aging of its actors as a practical effect. The film received acclaim from such notable publications as Variety Shoot and The Los Angeles Times while playing at over 15 festivals worldwide.
 Hôtel du Paradis is a 1986 French drama film directed by Jana Boková. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 I Am Curious (Yellow) (Swedish: Jag är nyfiken – en film i gult meaning I Am Curious: A Film in Yellow) is a 1967 Swedish drama film written and directed by Vilgot Sjöman and starring Sjöman and Lena Nyman. It is a companion film to 1968's I Am Curious (Blue); the two were initially intended to be one 3½ hour film. The films are named after the colours of the Swedish flag.
 Boot Camp also released in the UK as Punishment is a 2008 psychological suspense thriller film written by Agatha Dominik and John Cox and directed by Christian Duguay.The film's working title was Straight Edge and it was shot in Fiji as the first film to utilize the southwest Pacific Ocean island country's five-year-old incentive program that had been designed to create jobs while building a film production infrastructure.
 Breakfast at Sunrise is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Malcolm St. Clair and produced by and starring Constance Talmadge. It was distributed by First National Pictures.
 Pigen og greven is a 1966 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer.
 Parachute Battalion is a 1941 film starring Robert Preston and Nancy Kelly. The supporting cast includes Edmond O'Brien Harry Carey and Buddy Ebsen; the movie was directed by Leslie Goodwins.
 Soul of the Game is a 1996 made-for-television movie about Negro league baseball.The film starred Blair Underwood as Jackie Robinson Delroy Lindo as Satchel Paige Mykelti Williamson as Josh Gibson and Harvey Williams as Cat Mays the father of Willie Mays. The film depicts Paige and Gibson as the pitching and hitting stars respectively of the Negro Leagues in the period immediately following World War II. Robinson is an up-and-coming player on Paige's team the Kansas City Monarchs.
 Jesus Camp is a 2006 American documentary film directed by Rachel Grady and Heidi Ewing about a charismatic Christian summer camp where children spend their summers being taught that they have prophetic gifts and can take back America for Christ. According to the distributor it doesn't come with any prepackaged point of view and attempts to be an honest and impartial depiction of one faction of the evangelical Christian community.Jesus Camp debuted at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival and was sold by A&E Indie Films to Magnolia Pictures. 
 Halo is a 1996 Indian film directed by Santosh Sivan. It tells the story of Sasha ( Benaf Dadachandji ) who is searching for her lost puppy in the streets of Mumbai and the variety of people that she meets.
 Close to Home (Karov la bayit) is a 2005 Israeli movie directed by Dalia Hager and Vidi Bilu and starring Smadar Sayar and Naama Schedar. It is the first film about the experience of female soldiers in the Israel Defense Forces.Smadar (Sayar) and Mirit (Schendar) both 18 years old are assigned to patrol the streets of Jerusalem together as part of their military service.
 Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalised biographical psychological drama film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy. The film follows the life of notorious prisoner Michael Gordon Peterson who was renamed Charles Bronson by his fight promoter. Born into a respectable middle-class family Peterson would nevertheless become one of the United Kingdom's most dangerous criminals and is known for having spent almost his entire adult life in solitary confinement.
 Enga Chinna Rasa was a 1987 Tamil film written and directed and starred by K. Bhagyaraj. This film was a remake of Sandalwood Movie Mallammana Pavada (1969) starring Rajkumar and B. Saroja Devi. It was also remade to Telugu as Abbaigaru to Hindi as Beta starring Anil Kapoor Madhuri Dixit and again remade to Kannada as Annayya starring Ravichandran and Madhubala.
 My Boyfriend's Back is a 1993 American romantic black comedy/fantasy/horror film directed by Bob Balaban which tells the story of Johnny Dingle a teenage boy who returns from the dead as a zombie to meet Missy McCloud the girl he's in love with for a date. The movie received negative reviews for its weak plot and bad acting.The movie's title is a reference to the 1963 song of the same name by The Angels.
 The Big Operator (aka Anatomy of the Syndicate) is a 1959 crime/drama film starring Mickey Rooney as a corrupt union boss with Steve Cochran and Mamie Van Doren as co-stars.
 Reckless (Spanish: Balarrasa) is a 1951 Spanish drama film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 China O'Brien is a martial arts film starring actress and martial artist Cynthia Rothrock.
 Ferdinando and Carolina (Italian: Ferdinando e Carolina) is a 1999 Italian historical comedy film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 De Ingottu Nokkiye is a 2008 Malayalam film by Balachandra Menon starring Jayasurya Jagathy Sreekumar Rathish Rajan and Sara. With negative response from the critics as well as audience the film was a box office bomb.
 Kidnap and Ransom is a British television three-part miniseries originally shown on ITV in January 2011 with a second series following in February 2012. The series follows the work of a British hostage negotiator Dominic King played by Trevor Eve who is also executive producer of the series.ITV cancelled Kidnap and Ransom on May 28 2012.
 Star of Midnight is an American mystery-comedy film released by RKO Pictures in 1935. William Powell was loaned out in this movie from MGM to star with Ginger Rogers.
 The Grip of Jealousy is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 Jump! is a 2008 British-Austrian drama film written and directed by Joshua Sinclair. It starred Ben Silverstone Patrick Swayze and Martine McCutcheon. It was loosely based on the real-life Halsman murder case. The film was premiered on the 2009 Jewish Film Festival in June 2009. Swayze was unable to attend due to pancreatic cancer.
 Hook and Ladder is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 116th (28th talking episode) Our Gang short that was released.
 The Twenty Questions Murder Mystery is a 1950 British crime film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Robert Beatty Rona Anderson and Clifford Evans. A man sends in a question to the BBC panel show Twenty Questions before he commits a murder. A number of people play themselves as members of the Twenty Questions panel.
 The Code is a Finnish-made documentary about GNU/Linux from 2001 featuring some of the most influential people of the free software movement.
 Girlfriends (Hangul: 걸프렌즈; RR: Gyeolpeurenjeu) is a 2009 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Kang Hye-jung Han Chae-young Huh E-jae and Bae Soo-bin.It is based on the 2007 chick lit novel of the same title by Lee Hong which won the 31st Writer of Today Award.
 Unconditional Love is a two-hour TV Drama directed by Ferdinand Fairfax written by Chris Lang (and actor) and produced by Mark Pybus. Starring Robson Green Joe Absolom Sarah Parish and Timothy Krause it follows a couple whose four year old son is kidnapped whose captor demands that the parents commit a series of crimes.
 Slaughter Trail is a 1951 Cinecolor Western produced and directed by Irving Allen filmed in Corriganville and released by RKO Pictures.
 Gangsters is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Massimo Guglielmi. It was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Carousel is a 1956 film adaptation of the 1945 Rodgers and Hammerstein stage musical of the same name which in turn was based on Ferenc Molnár's non-musical play Liliom. The 1956 Carousel film stars Gordon MacRae and Shirley Jones and was directed by Henry King.
 The Girl Said No (aka With Words and Music) is a black and white 1937 musical comedy film about a shady bookie who is in love with a greedy dance hall girl and schemes to get her back after she rejects him. Along the way he revives a failing Gilbert and Sullivan troupe. The picture stars Robert Armstrong and uses musical numbers from Gilbert and Sullivan. The film was directed and produced by Andrew L. Stone.
 House Party 3 is the 1994 comedy film starring Kid 'n Play and Bernie Mac and TLC. It is the third and intended final installment of the House Party film series. This was to be the last film in the franchise making it a trilogy; however a direct to video sequel House Party 4: Down to the Last Minute was released seven years later. This is also Chris Tucker's debut on film as well as the first film in the series that Martin Lawrence does not reprise his role as Bilal nor was he mentioned.
 Detective Conan: The Private Eyes' Requiem (名探偵コナン 探偵たちの鎮魂歌 Meitantei Konan: Tantei-tachi no Rekuiemu) in Japan is a 2006 Japanese animated feature film and the tenth entry in the Detective Conan film series released on April 15 2006. It earned 3.03 billion yen in the box office.
 Pudhea Paadhai (English: New way/direction); often spelled as Pudhiya Paadhai) is a 1989 Tamil film written and directed by R. Parthiban. Parthiban's directorial debut it features himself in the lead role as an inhumane ruffian who gets reformed by his rape victim portrayed by Seetha. The film released to critical acclaim and emerged a box-office success while also winning several accolades including two National Film Awards and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards.
 The Man from Dakota is a 1940 film directed by Leslie Fenton and starring Wallace Beery. The movie was adapted by Laurence Stallings from the novel by MacKinlay Kantor.
 The Scarlet Horseman (1946) is a Universal film serial.
 Dupatta (Punjabi: ਦੁਪੱਟਾ) is 1970 Punjabi film directed by Mohinder Wahi starring Ravinder Kapoor Indira Billi Joy Mukherjee Sunder and Sonia Sahni.
 The Ugly Truth is a 2009 American romantic comedy film starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler. The film was released in North America on July 24 2009 by Columbia Pictures.
 Au grand balcon is a 1949 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin. It was entered into the 1949 Cannes Film Festival.
 Sharpshooter is a 2007 American action-adventure television film starring James Remar Bruce Boxleitner Mario Van Peebles and Catherine Mary Stewart. It was written by Steven H. Berman and directed by Armand Mastroianni.
 Chakravyuha is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee. The film stars Rajesh Khanna and Neetu Singh in lead roles and supported by Vinod Mehra Simple Kapadia Pradeep Kumar Om Shivpuri Dina Pathak Master Raju Shrestha and others. The music was composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal. The film was critically acclaimed and classified as Gold by critics upon its release in the book Collections.
 Kadhaveedu is a 2013 Malayalam portmanteau film directed and written by Sohanlal based on three stories penned by Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer Madhavikutty and M. T. Vasudevan Nair. The film stars Kunchacko Boban Biju Menon Rituparna Sengupta Bhama Manoj K. Jayan Lal Mallika Swapna Menon and Kalabhavan Shajon. The first schedule of the film was completed in Kovalam Kerala in February 2013 and the second schedule is being shot from Thodupuzha.
 Stone is a 2010 American crime thriller film directed by John Curran and starring Robert De Niro Edward Norton and Milla Jovovich. Most of the filming was done in Washtenaw County Michigan.
 Rainy Dog (Gokudô kuroshakai) is a Japanese movie directed by Takashi Miike. Although the movie contains a fair amount of controversial material the overall theme of the movie is place on the unlikely relationships formed between a hitman and his girlfriend / hooker and son.This movie is the second part of the Black Triad trilogy.
 Kizhakkan Pathrose (Malayalam: is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by T. S. Suresh Babuu starring Mammootty in the title role.
 El tigre de Yautepec (The Tiger of Yautepec) is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.#The plot of the film is about a good man and his son are kidnapped by a bunch of bandits called 'Los Chacales'. Twenty years after another band of 'banditos' (Los Plateados) terrorizes the region. The leader of 'Los Plateados' El Tigre (Ortiz) is the boy kidnapped 20 years before. El Tigre knows beautiful Dolores (Gallardo) and decides to conquer her...
 Saw 0.5 is a nine-and-a-half-minute Australian short subject horror film released in 2003. It was directed by James Wan and written by Wan and Leigh Whannell the latter also starring in it. It was originally used to pitch their script for a full-length feature film Saw to various studios and actors. The full-length film was eventually made in 2004. The short film later became a scene in Saw with Shawnee Smith as Amanda Young wearing the Reverse Bear Trap device instead of David.
 Contracted is a 2013 horror thriller film directed and written by Eric England. It was first released on November 23 2013 in the United States and stars Najarra Townsend as a young woman that finds herself suffering from a mysterious sexually transmitted disease after a rape. It has been compared to the 2012 film Thanatomorphose with which it shares similarities.
 Just for Fun is a 1963 musical.
 Ways across the Country (German: Wege übers Land) is a 1968 East German television miniseries directed by Martin Ackermann.
 Self Medicated is a 2005 independent film based on real-life events from writer/director/lead actor Monty Lapica about Andrew a troubled teenager whose mother has him kidnapped at age 17 by a private company and forcibly committed to a locked-down psychiatric institute.
 Persepolis Men (Persian: مردان پرسپولیس Mardaaneh Persepolis) is a documentary film about Iranian football club Persepolis. the cover of CD shows Afshin Ghotbi rising his hand toward on a red background.
 Justin Case is a 1988 television movie by Blake Edwards. George Carlin stars as a private investigator named Justin Case. Justin is found dead in his office by Jennifer Spalding (Molly Hagan) who is an out of work dancer there for an interview for a secretary/receptionist position.
 Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli primario della clinica Villa Celeste convenzionata con le mutue is a 1971 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.It is the sequel of Be Sick... It's Free.
 Petal Dance (ペタル ダンス Petaru Dansu) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Hiroshi Ishikawa.
 13 Beloved (Thai: 13 เกมสยอง or 13 Game Sayong also 13: Game of Death) is a 2006 Thai horror comedy/psychological thriller film written and directed by Chukiat Sakveerakul and starring Krissada Sukosol Clapp. The story about a man who is led through progressively challenging degrading and dangerous stunts by mysterious callers from an underground reality game show is adapted from the 13th Quiz Show episode in the My Mania comic-book series by Eakasit Thairaat.
 Once Upon a Halloween is a 2005 direct-to-video film in DVD made by Walt Disney Home Entertainment of Walt Disney Pictures featuring Evil Queen (from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs) and Disney Villains. The film which features clips from Disney movies plus shorts and songs.
 Petticoat Politics is a 1941 film.
 Dragon Ball Z the Movie: The World's Strongest (ドラゴンボールZ　この世で一番強いヤツ Doragon Bōru Zetto: Kono Yo de Ichiban Tsuyoi Yatsu) also known by Toei's own English title The Strongest Guy in the World is the second feature movie in the Dragon Ball Z franchise. It was originally released in Japan on March 10 1990 between episodes 39 and 40 of DBZ at the Toei Manga Matsuri film festival along with the second Akuma-kun movie (Welcome To Devil Land) and the 1990 movie version of Sally the Witch.
 Iru Sahodarargal (also spelled as Iru Sakodarargal; Tamil: இரு சகோதரர்கள்; English: Two Brothers) is a 1936 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan. This was the second film for M. G. Ramachandran (later Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu) and Dungan. This film cemented the reputation of Dungan as the most successful Tamil film director of that period. It is one of the earliest Tamil films to be set in a contemporary social setting.
 Crossed Clues is a 1921 short Western film directed by William James Craft and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk.
 When Billie Beat Bobby is a 2001 ABC docudrama detailing the historic 1973 The Battle of the Sexes tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs and what lead up to it. The match was filmed at the Great Western Forum in Inglewood California.
 Gaon Hamara Shaher Tumhara is a 1972 Bollywood romance film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar and Rekha .
 The Chronicles of Riddick is a 2004 American science fiction film which follows the adventures of Richard B. Riddick as he attempts to elude capture after the events depicted in the 2000 film Pitch Black. It is written and directed by Pitch Black director David Twohy with Vin Diesel reprising his role as Riddick and now also acting as producer.
 Viper (Italian: Vipera) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Citti.
 En el nombre del hijo (In the Name of the Son) is a 1987 Argentine movie written and directed by Jorge Polaco. It won a Golden Dolphin in the 1988 Festróia - Tróia International Film Festival.
 Hideaway is a 1995 American horror film directed by Brett Leonard. It is based on the 1992 novel of the same name by Dean Koontz and stars Jeff Goldblum Alicia Silverstone Christine Lahti and Jeremy Sisto. In the film Goldblum plays a man who dies in a car accident only to be revived two hours later. After being revived he experiences frightening visions.
 Biyer Phool is a 1992 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Ram Mukherji starring Prosenjit Chatterjee Rani Mukerji Indrani Haldar and Sabyasachi Chakraborty in the lead roles. It marks the debut of Rani Mukerji.
 Ballad of Kurbin (original title Balada e Kurbinit) is a 1990 Albanian romantic drama film directed by Kujtim Çashku and written by Vath Koreshi. The film stars Reshat Arbana and Timo Flloko.
 Cousin Sarah is a horror film released in October 2011. Directed by Jenni Gold the film stars Leah Pipes. Produced by Multi-Valence Productions in association with Willoughby Pictures the story is by Alexander Garcia with Alexander Garcia as the writer and Nathaniel Morin as co-writer.
 Sarkari Mehmaan is a 1979 Bollywood crime film drama directed by N.D. Kothari. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Jasmin in lead roles.
 The Monk (Chinese: 道士下山) is an upcoming Chinese martial-arts action film directed by Chen Kaige and starring an ensemble cast of Aaron Kwok Wang Baoqiang Lin Chi-ling Fan Wei Wang Xueqi Li Xuejian Vanness Wu Jaycee Chan Lam Suet and Danny Chan. It is based on the best-selling novel Dao Shi Xia Shan (A Monk Comes Down the Mountain) by Xu Haofeng. Filming started in March 2014 on location in Xianghe China’s Hebei Province. The film is scheduled for release in summer 2015.
 Guadalajara is a 1943 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Teaserama is a 1955 American film directed by Irving Klaw which follows the performance of a burlesque show.
 Cheyenne's Pal is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
 Cheriya Kallanum Valiya Policum is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Haridas Kesavan. Mukesh Dhanya Mary Varghese Jagadish and Suraj Venjaramood plays the lead roles in this film.
 Under the Lantern (German:Unter der Laterne) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Lissy Arna Gerhard Dammann and Mathias Wieman. The film's art direction was by Otto Moldenhauer.
 The New World is a 2005 British-American romantic historical drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick depicting the founding of the Jamestown Virginia settlement and inspired by the historical figures Captain John Smith Pocahontas of the Powatan Native American tribe and the handsome Englishman John Rolfe.
 Tarazu is an Indian action thriller film directed by Vimal Kumar and released in 1997. It stars Akshay Kumar Sonali Bendre and Mohnish Bahl.
 Blinded (2006) is a Grenadian feature film about domestic violence directed by Anderson Quarless and starring Deleon Walters and Tahira Carter. It was the first full-length film entirely produced in Grenada.
 Courage Under Fire is a 1996 film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Denzel Washington Meg Ryan Lou Diamond Phillips and Matt Damon.
 Haunt is a 2013 horror film by Mac Carter and his feature film directorial debut. The film was first released on November 6 2013 at the Film Society of Lincoln Center and was later released on video on demand on February 7 2014. Haunt stars Harrison Gilbertson as a teenager that moves into a new house and goes through not only a sexual awakening but also a terrifying haunting.
 The Abdication is a 1974 British historical drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Peter Finch Liv Ullmann Cyril Cusack Graham Crowden and James Faulkner. The film's score was composed by Nino Rota.The plot of the film has the abdicated Christina Queen of Sweden arriving in the Vatican and falling in love with a cardinal.
 Facing Your Danger is a 1946 American short film directed by Edwin E. Olsen. It won an Academy Award at the 19th Academy Awards in 1947 for Best Short Subject (One-Reel).
 Illegal Aliens is a 2007 film starring Anna Nicole Smith and Joanie Laurer. This comedy/science-fiction film is made in the mold of classic 1980s B-movies. Hitting stores on May 1 2007 the release of the movie was pushed back following the death of Smith in February 2007 and it is her final film. The release is being handled by MTI Home Video.
 Frog Dreaming is a 1986 Australian film starring Henry Thomas and directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith who described it as a charming mystery adventure.In the United States the film was named 'The Quest'. In the United Kingdom it was named The Go-Kids.
 Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles is the 2006 animated sequel to the 1985 Robotech television series. It was released on DVD on February 6 2007.At Anime Expo 2004 Harmony Gold USA revealed that Robotech: Shadow Force was in production to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Robotech in 2005. The name of the new story arc was soon changed to Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles and the film was completed on January 27 2006.
 Memsahab is a 2008 Bollywood drama film directed by Arshad Siddiqui. The film stars Yukta Mookhey and Vijay Raaz. Memsahab is a woman-oriented movie with a social message of non-violence. In Memsahab Yukta has to be lauded for staged a comeback with a sincere effort. She has adorned a bold new look in this flick. Yukta admits that getting into the character of a prostitute was a bit tough and bold too but she portrayed it with honesty.
 Monster in a Box is a monologue originally performed live on stage by the writer Spalding Gray then subsequently made into a 1992 film starring Gray and directed by Nick Broomfield.A follow-up to Gray's earlier work Swimming to Cambodia the work consists of a long-form monologue by Gray detailing the trials and tribulations he encountered while writing his first novel Impossible Vacation. The soundtrack for the film was composed by Laurie Anderson.
 Next Stop Greenwich Village is a 1976 romantic comedy drama film set in the early 1950s written and directed by Paul Mazursky featuring amongst others Lenny Baker Shelley Winters Ellen Greene Lois Smith and Christopher Walken. The film was generally well received by critics. Film review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a fresh score of 80% based on 10 reviews.
 In Her Skin (also known as I Am You from the working title How to Change in 9 Weeks) is a 2009 Australian drama movie written and directed by Simone North. The film is based on the true story of the brutal murder of 15-year-old Rachel Barber who went missing on 1 March 1999. Rachel was viciously murdered by a former neighbor of the family Caroline Reed Robertson who had a couple of times babysat some of the Barber children when she was a teenager.
 The Ward is a 2010 American psychological horror film directed by John Carpenter. It stars Amber Heard Mamie Gummer Danielle Panabaker and Jared Harris. It is Carpenter's first full-length feature film since Ghosts of Mars in 2001.The story revolves around a young institutionalized woman named Kristen (Amber Heard) who is haunted by a mysterious and deadly zombie-like ghost.
 Forbidden Territory is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Phil Rosen and starring Gregory Ratoff Ronald Squire and Binnie Barnes. It was based on the 1933 novel The Forbidden Territory by Dennis Wheatley. An Englishman and his son travel to the Soviet Union to rescue a family member being held in prison. It was made at the Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
 Reunion in Vienna is a 1933 romantic drama produced and distributed by MGM. Sidney Franklin served as director. The film stars John Barrymore in a story taken from a stage play Reunion in Vienna by Robert Emmet Sherwood.
 Broadway is a 1929 film directed by Pál Fejös from the play of the same name by George Abbott and Philip Dunning. It stars Glenn Tryon Evelyn Brent Paul Porcasi Robert Ellis Merna Kennedy and Thomas E. Jackson.This was Universal's first talking picture with Technicolor sequences. The film was released by the Criterion Collection on Blu-ray and DVD with Paul Fejo's Lonesome on August 2012.
 Movie Crazy is a 1932 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd in his third sound feature.
 Bulldog Drummond Strikes Back is a 1934 American comedy-mystery-adventure film directed by Roy Del Ruth. The film stars Ronald Colman and Loretta Young. It was a loose sequel to the 1929 film Bulldog Drummond which had also starred Colman.
 The Beverly Hillbillies is a 1993 20th Century Fox comedy motion picture starring Jim Varney Diedrich Bader Erika Eleniak Cloris Leachman Lily Tomlin Dabney Coleman Lea Thompson Rob Schneider and Penny Fuller. The movie is based on the 1962–1971 TV series of the same name and features cameo appearances by Buddy Ebsen (the original Jed Clampett in his final motion picture appearance playing his other classic character: Detective Barnaby Jones) Dolly Parton and Zsa Zsa Gabor.
 Black Mama White Mama is a 1973 women in prison film with elements of blaxploitation starring Pam Grier and Margaret Markov and directed by Eddie Romero. The film is also known as Women in Chains Chained Women and Hot Hard and Mean.
 Bail Enforcers is a 2011 film starring Trish Stratus Christian Bako and Boomer Phillips directed by Patrick McBrearty. It marks the acting debut of former WWE wrestler Trish Stratus in a feature length film. The film was retitled Bounty Hunters for its DVD release.
 Teri Meherbaniyan is a 1985 Indian Hindi film by K.C. Bokadia. Dog Brownie played the lead role while Jackie Shroff and Poonam Dhillon played second fiddle.
 The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner is a 1962 film based on the short story of the same name.The screenplay like the short story was written by Alan Sillitoe.The film was directed by Tony Richardson one of the new young directors emerging from documentary films specifically a series of 1950s filmmakers known as the Free Cinema movement.It tells the story of a rebellious youth (played by Tom Courtenay) sentenced to a borstal (boys' reformatory) for robbing a bakery who rises through the ranks of the institution through his prowess as a long-distance runner. 
 Star Crystal is a 1986 science fiction movie directed by Lance Lindsay.
 Battle of Kosovo (Serbo-Croatian: Бој на Косову Boj na Kosovu) is a 1989 Yugoslav historical drama/war film filmed in Serbia. The film was based on the drama written by poet Ljubomir Simović.
 Cannibal Ferox also known as Make Them Die Slowly is a 1981 Italian exploitation film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi. Upon its release the film's US distributor claimed it was the most violent film ever made. Cannibal Ferox was also claimed to be banned in 31 countries some of which lifted their bans only recently.
 Jennifer Hale is a 1937 British crime film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring René Ray Ballard Berkeley and John Longden. A showgirl wrongly accused of murdering her manager goes on the run to try and prove her innocence.
 De Avonturen van Pietje Bell is a 1964 Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
 Weighed But Found Wanting (Filipino: Tinimbang Ka Ngunit Kulang) is a 1974 Filipino drama film by Lino Brocka starring Christopher De Leon (who made his debut) Hilda Koronel Lolita Rodriguez and Eddie Garcia.
 A Respected Family is an Iranian movie directed by Massoud Bakhshi on 2012. The story of the film is about an Iranian scholar in Europe who is visiting his mother back in Iran while lecturing a course. This movie has a very critical view of Iranian society showing the corruptions in the highest level of administrative judicial and paramilitary groups of Iranian government.
 Ghar Kab Ao Gey is Pakistani Urdu language film directed by Iqbal Kashmiri which was released across theaters in Pakistan in Eid-ul-Fittar January 9 2000.
 Allá donde muere el viento (Where The Wind Dies) is a 1976 Argentine drama film directed by Fernando Siro and written by Enrique Torres. The film starred John Russell Tippi Hedren and Mala Powers.
 Aaj Aur Kal is a 1947 Indian Hindi language film. The film is directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas.
 Arasu (Tamil: அரசு English: Kingdom) is a 2003 Tamil film starring R. Sarathkumar Simran Delhi Ganesh Vadivelu Roja Selvamani Kiran Rathod and directed by Suresh. The score and soundtrack was composed by Mani Sharma. This film was a 'hit' in the box office.It was remade in Kannada as Indra with Darshan.
 Noorie is a 1979 Hindi movie produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Manmohan Krishna who was a noted character actor of 1950s and 1960s this was his only film. The film stars Farooq Shaikh Poonam Dhillon Madan Puri Iftekhar . The films music is by Khayyam and the lyrics by Jan Nisar Akhtar. The film was a Super-Hit and the 7th highest grossing film at the Indian Box Office in the year.
 Serpent of the Nile is a 1953 low budget Technicolor historical adventure film produced by Sam Katzman and directed by William Castle. The film starred Rhonda Fleming Raymond Burr William Lundigan and Michael Ansara. In an uncredited role actress Julie Newmar appears as an exotic dancer clad only in gold paint.
 Sins of the Fathers is a 1928 part-talkie sound film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It was also issued in a silent version for theatres which were not yet wired for sound. The film was directed by Ludwig Berger and stars Emil Jannings and Ruth Chatterton in her motion picture debut.Only one source claims this film survives yet no one has seen it this being for such an important Paramount film.
 After Hours is a 1985 American black comedy film directed by Martin Scorsese written by Joseph Minion and starring an ensemble cast including Rosanna Arquette Griffin Dunne Linda Fiorentino Teri Garr and John Heard. Paul Hackett (Dunne) experiences a series of misadventures as he tries to make his way home from SoHo.
 Close Friends (Italian: Le amiche del cuore) is a 1992 Italian teen drama film directed by Michele Placido. It entered the Quinzaine des Réalisateurs at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kanteerava is a 2011 Kannada-language film directed by Tushara Ranganath and produced by the veteran producer Ramu. It is a remake of the Telugu hit Simhadri. Duniya Vijay and Shuba Poonja are the lead pair of the film. Chakri has composed the music for the film. RKD Studios have bought the sole and exclusive rights of the film in Hindi & all other Northern Indian languages.
 Tainted is a 1988 U.S. motion picture written and directed by Orestes Matacena and starring Shari Shattuck. The movie is a low-budget suspense drama about Cathy (Shattuck) a young school teacher married to the owner of a crematorium. The movie is centered on Cathy's attempt to cover-up the murder of an intruder who attempted to rape her. The cover up of the rape is due to the man that raped her being her ex-husband in the movie.
 An Innocent Magdalene is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan. It is considered to be a lost film.
 Arriba las mujeres (English: Top Women) is a 1943 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg starring Paul Newman and featuring George Kennedy in an Oscar-winning performance. Newman stars in the title role as Luke a prisoner in a Florida prison camp who refuses to submit to the system.The film set in the 1940s is based on Donn Pearce's 1965 novel of the same name. Pearce sold the story to Warner Brothers who then hired him to write the script.
 Cas & Dylan is an independent feature film starring Richard Dreyfuss and Tatiana Maslany. It is a road trip comedy about an ailing man in his sixties who goes on the lam with a young woman. It is the feature film directorial debut of Jason Priestley.It was filmed in the late summer and early fall of 2012 in Sudbury Ontario and Calgary Alberta Canada.The film was produced by Mark Montefiore of Montefiore Films and written by Jessie Gabe.
 A Christmas Carol (1971) is an animated adaptation of Charles Dickens' 1843 novella. It was a made-for-television production originally broadcast on ABC in the United States.
 Enter Laughing is a 1967 comedy film directed by Carl Reiner based on his autobiographical novel and the stage play of the same name. It was Reiner's directorial debut.The film stars Jose Ferrer Shelly Winters and Elaine May. It tells the story of a young man (Reni Santoni) from the Bronx trying to break into the theater.
 Demons in the Garden (Spanish: Demonios en el jardín) is a 1982 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón starring Ángela Molina Ana Belén and Imanol Arias. The film is about a dysfunctional family living in rural Spain during the first years of Franco's dictatorship. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Prize.
 Adharm is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Adeep Singh released in 2006. It is based on the real-life Chittisinghpura massacre.
 Ayan is a 2009 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by K. V. Anand. The film starring Surya Prabhu Tamannaah and Akashdeep Saighal in lead roles was produced by M. Saravanan and M. S. Guhan while distribution handled by Sun Pictures. The film score was composed by Harris Jayaraj the soundtrack released on 19 January 2009. Edited by Anthony Gonsalvez the film was filmed by M. S.
 Honey (Turkish: Bal) is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Semih Kaplanoğlu the third and final installment of the Yusuf Trilogy which includes Egg and Milk. It premiered on 16 February 2010 in competition at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival where it became the third Turkish film after Susuz Yaz in 1964 and Head-On in 2004 to win the Golden Bear award.
 Vinterland is a 2007 film directed by Hisham Zaman and produced in Norway.
 Atlantis: Milo's Return released in 2003 is Disney's twentieth animated direct-to-video sequel. It is a sequel to the 2001 animated film Atlantis: The Lost Empire.Originally Disney was developing a sequel entitled Shards of Chaos but it was abandoned once The Lost Empire was less successful than anticipated. The released sequel consists of three animated shorts originally meant to be three episodes of a series that was never completed called Team Atlantis.
 The Outlaw is a 1943 American Western film directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jane Russell. The supporting cast includes Jack Buetel Thomas Mitchell and Walter Huston. Hughes also produced the film while Howard Hawks served as an uncredited co-director. The film is notable as Russell's breakthrough role turning the young actress into a sex symbol and a Hollywood icon.
 Aurora: Operation Intercept is a 1995 film directed by Paul Levine and starring Bruce Payne Lance Henriksen and John Stockwell.The Aurora is a secret hypersonic military aircraft based at Groom Lake. It is very similar to what aviation experts assume to be the Aurora aircraft. In the film it is being stolen by a Russian terrorist who tries to destroy the White House. The propulsion system is a combined cycle conventional/scramjet engine.
 Cherished is a 2005 British film based on the wrongful conviction of Angela Cannings for the deaths of her three children. It was a joint production by BBC's drama and current affairs wings.
 Geumbungeo (금붕어) (Goldfish) is a 1927 Korean silent film. The silent black-and-white film was directed edited by and starred Na Woon-gyu (1902-1937).
 Live at the Beacon Theater is the fourth full-length comedy special/concert film by comedian Louis C.K.. The special takes place at the Beacon Theatre in Manhattan New York.In contrast to his previous specials which had been produced for broadcast and sale on physical media Live at the Beacon Theater is sold directly from the comedian's website for the cost of $5.00 USD and can be downloaded in 720p HD or streamed in browser.
 Bambai Ki Sair is a Bollywood comedy film. It was released in 1941.
 The Princess Bride is a 1987 American romantic comedy fantasy adventure film directed and co-produced by Rob Reiner. It is based on the 1973 novel of the same name by William Goldman an American novelist playwright and screenwriter. The story is presented in the film as a book being read by a grandfather (Peter Falk) to his sick grandson (Fred Savage) thus effectively preserving the novel's narrative style.
 Hauling is a 2010 documentary film on poor families who work as recyclers in Sao Paulo Brazil.
 Bunshinsaba (Hangul: 분신사바) is 2004 South Korean horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki.In 2004 it screened at the 8th annual Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival. The film had its American premiere at the 2005 New York Korean Film Festival and was shown later that year at the 5th annual Screamfest Horror Film Festival.In 2012 A Chinese remake of the film also titled Bunshinsaba was made that was also directed by Ahn Byeong-ki.
 Trust Me (Swedish: Puss literally Kiss) is a 2010 Swedish comedy-drama film written and directed by Johan Kling starring an ensemble cast including Alexander Skarsgård Gustaf Skarsgård and Susanne Thorson. The screenplay focuses on a group of young people who are running a small theater in Stockholm.
 Under the Shadow of the Law is a 1913 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Offset is a 2006 Drama directed and written by Didi Danquart. It was filmed in Bucharest.
 Fassbinder's Women (German: Für mich gab's nur noch Fassbinder - Die Glücklichen Opfer Des Rainer Werner F) is a 2000 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The original German title translate as Fassbinder Was the Only One for Me: The Willing Victims of Rainer Werner F. The film consists of several interviews with the women who bounded themselves to the career of German film director Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
 A Prize of Arms is a 1962 British crime film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Stanley Baker Helmut Schmid Patrick Magee and Tom Bell with early appearances by several actors including Fulton Mackay Tom Adams and Rodney Bewes. Set in 1956 the film follows a criminal gang as it tries to rob an army pay convoy during the Suez Crisis.
 Rachha (translation: Uproar) sometimes spelled Racha is a 2012 Tollywood action film written and directed by Sampath Nandi. The film is produced by R. B. Choudary under his Megaa Super Good Films banner. The film stars Ram Charan Teja and Tamannaah Bhatia in the lead roles with Mukesh Rishi Kota Srinivasa Rao and Ajmal Ameer essaying other important roles.The music was composed by Mani Sharma.
 The Castle (German: Das Schloß) is a 1968 West German film directed by Rudolf Noelte and starring Maximilian Schell Cordula Trantow Trudik Daniel and Helmut Qualtinger. It is based on the 1926 eponymous novel by Franz Kafka. It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 44th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination.
 Il Vedovo is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
 Schoolboy Crush (2004) is a controversial gay pornographic film directed by Bryan Kocis (under the industry name Bryan Phillips) released on Cobra Video and cast with: Brent Everett and Sean Paul Lockhart under the stage name Brent Corrigan. Corrigan being underage at the time of filming led to legal actions against Phillips and the withdrawal of the film Schoolboy Crush from the Cobra Video film catalog.
 Command Decision is a 1948 war film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer starring Clark Gable Walter Pidgeon Van Johnson and Brian Donlevy and directed by Sam Wood based on a stage play of the same name written by William Wister Haines which he based on his best-selling novel. The screenplay for the film was written by George Froeschel and William R. Laidlaw.
 Hawk of the Wilderness (1938) is a Republic Movie serial based on the Kioga novel of the same name by pulp writer William L. Chester.Kioga is very similar to the character of Tarzan whom Herman Brix had also played on film in the 1935 Edgar Rice Burroughs produced serial The New Adventures of Tarzan.
 Mexican Werewolf in Texas was a 2005 film about the Chupacabra in Texas. In it residents of a small Texas town fight back against the mythical chupacabra after multiple farm animals and several human residents are killed. Tagline: Terror Has Just Crossed The Border
 The Humpbacked Horse (Russian: Конёк-Горбуно́к; tr.:Konyok Gorbunok) dubbed in the United States as The Magic Pony is a 1947 Soviet/Russian traditionally-animated feature film directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow. The film is based on the poem by Pyotr Pavlovich Yershov and because of this everyone in the film speaks in rhymes. A remake was made in 1975 by the same director and studio.
 Arena is a 1976 Australian mini series about a lawyer who represents sportsmen.
 Three Coins in the Fountain is a 1954 American romantic comedy film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Clifton Webb Dorothy McGuire Jean Peters Louis Jourdan Rossano Brazzi and Maggie McNamara. Written by John Patrick the film is about three American women working in Rome who dream of finding romance in the Eternal City.The film's main title song Three Coins in the Fountain (sung by an uncredited Frank Sinatra) went on to become an enduring standard.
 Malèna is a 2000 Italian romantic drama film starring Monica Bellucci and Giuseppe Sulfaro. It was directed and written by Giuseppe Tornatore from a story by Luciano Vincenzoni.
 Veta (Telugu: వేట) is a Telugu film Starring Chiranjeevi Jayaprada and Sumalatha in the lead roles. The film was made by Samyuktha Movies whose earlier blockbuster was Khaidi. The movie is based on Alexandre Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo. The successful team of director A. Kodandarami Reddy composer K. Chakravarthy and writers Paruchuri brothers was repeated in this movie as well. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Farrar Qaidi.
 Lightnin' is a 1925 American comedy film directed by John Ford. It was based on a successful play of the same name. The original run started in 1918 at the Gaiety Theatre (New York) and continued for 1291 performances breaking the record for longest running play at that time.The film was remade by Henry King for Fox in 1930 as an early talkie starring Will Rogers with support from Louise Dresser and Joel McCrea.
 He Couldn't Say No is a Warner Bros. romantic comedy film released on March 18 1938. It stars Frank McHugh as a timid advertising man who is dominated by everyone including his girlfriend played by Jane Wyman. It is based on the play Larger than Life by Joseph Schrank and the short story of the same name by Norman Watson.
 The Great Debaters is a 2007 American biopic period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and produced by Oprah Winfrey and her production company Harpo Productions. It is based on an article written about the Wiley College debate team by Tony Scherman for the 1997 Spring issue of American Legacy.The film co-stars Forest Whitaker Kimberly Elise Nate Parker Denzel Whitaker Gina Ravera Jermaine Williams and Jurnee Smollett. The screenplay was written by Robert Eisele.
 Vanakkam Thalaiva (English: Welcome Leader) is a Tamil language movie directed by Sakthi Paramesh who earlier directed films Soorya Paarvai Looty and Three Roses under the name Parameswaran. The film stars Sathyaraj Abbas Susan Vivek.
 Synanon is a 1965 film directed by Richard Quine. It stars Edmond O'Brien Stella Stevens Eartha Kitt Alex Cord and Chuck Connors. It was filmed at Synanon in Santa Monica California.
 De vergeløse (English: The defenceless) is a 1939 Norwegian drama film directed by Leif Sinding based on a book by Gabriel Scott and starring Georg Richter and Karin Meyer. Albert (Richter) is placed in an orphanage where he is treated like a slave. He tries to escape but is caught. Then a young girl Gunda (Lunde) appears.
 Mis hijos (My Children) is a 1944 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Funeral (お葬式 Osōshiki) is a 1984 Japanese comedy film by director Juzo Itami.The film shows the preparations for a traditional Japanese funeral. It mixes grief at the loss of a husband and father with wry observations of the various characters as they interact during the three days of preparation.The Funeral was the writing and directing debut of Itami Juzo and was an enormous success in Japan.
 1776 is a 1972 American musical film directed by Peter H. Hunt. The screenplay by Peter Stone was based on the 1969 stage musical of the same name. Portions of the dialogue and some of the song lyrics were taken directly from the letters and memoirs of the actual participants of the Second Continental Congress. The song score was composed by Sherman Edwards.The cast included William Daniels Howard Da Silva John Cullum Ken Howard and Blythe Danner.
 Beneath the 12-Mile Reef is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Robert D. Webb. The screenplay by A. I. Bezzerides was inspired by Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare.[citation needed] The film was the third motion picture made in CinemaScope coming after The Robe and How to Marry a Millionaire.
 Calling Paul Temple is a 1948 British crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring John Bentley Dinah Sheridan and Margaretta Scott. Paul Temple is called in to help Scotland Yard track down a serial killer who has murdered several wealthy women. John Bentley took over the role of Temple from Anthony Hulme and played him in two further films.The film featured extensive location work in Canterbury.
 Like Asura (阿修羅のごとく Ashura no Gotoku) is a 2003 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita. At the 27th Japan Academy Prize it won three awards and received ten other nominations.
 The Virtuous Bigamist (French: Sous le ciel de Provence Italian: Era di venerdì 17) is a 1956 French-Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Soldati. It is a remake of Alessandro Blasetti's Four Steps in the Clouds.
 Something in the Air (French: Après mai) is a 2012 French drama film written and directed by Olivier Assayas. The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. Assayas won the Osella for Best Screenplay.
 Happi is an upcoming Hindi family film. The film stars Pankaj Kapoor and is directed by Bhavna Talwar.
 Figaro-ci Figaro-là is a 1972 French film directed by Hervé Bromberger.
 Samson and His Mighty Challenge is an Italian sword and sandal film released in 1965 at the tail end of the peplum craze. Its original title was Ercole Sansone Maciste e Ursus gli invincibili (Hercules Samson Maciste and Ursus: the Invincibles). It is also known as Samson and the Mighty Challenge Combate dei Gigantes Triumph of the Giants or Le Grand Defi.
 Cattle Annie and Little Britches is a 1981 American film starring Burt Lancaster Rod Steiger Diane Lane and Amanda Plummer based on the lives of two adolescent girls in the late 19th century Oklahoma Territory who became infatuated with the Western outlaws that they had read about in Ned Buntline's stories and left their homes to join the criminals. It was scripted by David Eyre and Robert Ward from Robert Ward's book and directed by Lamont Johnson.
 Laura Lansing Slept Here is a 1988 American television movie starring Katharine Hepburn and directed by George Schaefer. It was written by James Prideaux and co-stars Joel Higgins Karen Austin and Hepburn's grandniece Schuyler Grant.Hepburn plays a famous pampered novelist who accepts a bet suggesting that she can't survive one week of living with an average family. She moves into a middle-class family's home where she micromanages family members' private lives.
 The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on The Smurfs comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo. The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Stephan Franck and it stars the voices of Melissa Sturm Fred Armisen Anton Yelchin Alan Cumming and Hank Azaria. The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios.
 Embargo is a 2010 film that is an adaptation of a tale included in the 1978 Quasi Object by the Portuguese writer José Saramago.
 The Siege of Pinchgut (released in the US as Four Desperate Men) is a 1959 British thriller filmed on location in Sydney Australia and directed by Harry Watt. It was the last film produced by Ealing Studios and was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival where it was nominated for the Golden Bear Award.
 Three for the Road (やじきた道中てれすこ Yajikita Dōchū Teresuko) is a 2007 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama.
 Brookline County is an upcoming thriller film starring Melody Brooke April Dawn Hartman and Larry Jack Dotson written and directed by Cecil Anthony Ince.
 The Condor is an animated superhero film about a new character created by Stan Lee. It features the voices of Wilmer Valderrama Maria Conchita Alonso Kathleen Barr Michael Dobson Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and Cusse Mankuma. Originally titled El Lobo it was released under the Stan Lee Presents banner which is a series of direct-to-DVD animated films distributed by POW Entertainment with Anchor Bay Entertainment.
 The Greatest Pharaohs is a 1997 American educational documentary film about Ancient Egypt distributed by A&E and narrated by Frank Langella with commentary by experts in the field. It is 200 minutes long and split into four parts with each part explaining the lives of four Egyptian pharaohs.
 The Candy Kid is a 1917 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Wonderful Life (US: Swingers' Paradise) is a 1964 British film made as a vehicle for pop star Cliff Richard and is the third in a series that included The Young Ones and Summer Holiday. Written by Peter Myers and Ronald Cass directed by Sidney J. Furie choreographed by Gillian Lynne it also stars Susan Hampshire Una Stubbs Melvyn Hayes Richard O'Sullivan Gerald Harper and The Shadows.
 Strictly Sexual is a 2008 comedy film directed by Joel Viertel and written by Stevie Long.
 Shake Rattle & Roll X (also known as Shake Rattle and Roll 10) is a Filipino horror suspense in three acts from Regal Films. It is the tenth installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll film series. It was also distributed by Regal Entertainment Inc. and Regal Multimedia Inc. It was an official entry in the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film received the Festival Award for the Best Child Performer which is Robert Villar.
 The Watch is a 2008 made for TV movie starring Clea DuVall James A. Woods and Elizabeth Whitmere.
 The Manchester Man is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Bert Wynne and starring Hayford Hobbs Aileen Bagot and Joan Hestor. It was an adaptation of the 1876 novel The Manchester Man by Isabella Banks. It follows the lifetime of a Manchester resident Jabez Clegg during the turbulent 19th century.
 Yahaan is a Romantic Hindi movie released in India on July 29 2005. The cast consists of Jimmy Shergill Minissha Lamba and Yashpal Sharma.
 Magizhchi (Tamil: மகிழ்ச்சி)(English: Happiness) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film directed by V. Gowthaman who earlier directed several TV series like Santhana Kaadu and Auto Shankar. It stars Gowthaman himself in the lead role with Anjali Karthika director Seeman and Prakash Raj essaying important supporting roles.
 Sunflower (Chinese: 向日葵; pinyin: Xiàng rì kúi) is a 2005 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yang. Zhang's fourth film Sunflower is a joint production of Ming Productions the Beijing Film Studio (as part of the China Film Corporation's 4th Production Company) and the Hong Kong subsidiary of the Netherlands-based Fortissimo Films.
 We Are Marshall is a 2006 American drama film directed by McG.It depicts the aftermath of the 1970 plane crash that killed 37 football players on the Marshall University Thundering Herd football team along with five coaches two athletic trainers the athletic director 25 boosters and a crew of five.
 The Nuttiest Nutcracker is a 1999 direct-to-video Christmas film loosely based on the classic tale The Nutcracker directed by Harold Harris starring the voices of James Belushi Cheech Marin and Phyllis Diller. This film tells about a group of fruit and veggies trying to help the Nutcracker's army get a star up on a Christmas tree before midnight and stop a rodent army from destroying Christmas.
 Struck by Lightning is a 1990 Australian film directed by Jerzy Domaradzki. The film was nominated in 4 AFI Award categories including Best Director and Best Film. It won the film award at the Human Rights Medal and Awards in 1990.
 A Difficult Mission is a 2006 Egyptian film that raises the issue of trade of toxic pesticides leading to cancerous vegetables. The film is directed by Ehab Radi and starring Majdi Kamel Tarek Allam Khaled Elsawi and Ola Ghanem.
 Once Upon a Time (German: Maria d'Oro und Bello Blue) is a 1973 West German animated musical film written and directed by Roberto Gavioli and Rolf Kauka. The story is based on the German fairytale Frau Holle or Mother Hulda.
 City of Life is a 2009 multilingual Emirati film written directed and produced by Ali F. Mostafa. Set in the United Arab Emirates the film revolves around three parallel lives amongst many cultures in one city namely Dubai.
 Yagavarayinum Naa Kaakka is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Sathya Prabhas Pinisetty starring his brother Aadhi and newcomer Nikki Galrani. It is a bilingual film shot in both Tamil and Telugu. Pasupathy Richa Pallod and Mithun Chakraborty in his first appearance in a south indian language film play supporting roles.
 Company Man is a 2000 comedy film written and directed by Peter Askin and Douglas McGrath. Film stars Douglas McGrath Sigourney Weaver John Turturro Ryan Phillippe Alan Cumming Anthony LaPaglia with Woody Allen and Denis Leary as Officer Fry. Bill Murray had a cameo appearance in the film but his appearance was cut.
 Crazy Gopalan is a Malayalam film released in 2008. The film is directed by Deepu Karunakaran. Crazy Gopalan Stars Dileep Radha Varma Salim Kumar Harisree Asokan and Manoj K. Jayan.
 Vivir un instante is a 1951 Argentine film.
 The Substitute is a 1993 television movie directed by Martin Donovan and written by David S. Goyer under the pseudonym Cynthia Verlaine.It stars Amanda Donohoe Dalton James Natasha Gregson Wagner and Mark Wahlberg in his first acting role and credited as 'Marky Mark' due to his successful hip hop career.
 Noriko's Dinner Table (紀子の食卓 Noriko no Shokutaku) is a Japanese film promoted as the prequel to the cult film Suicide Club (Jisatsu Sākuru) written and directed by Sion Sono concerning a mass suicide of 54 schoolgirls and how it leads the law to a shadowy cult.
 Raggare! (in Great Britain released as Blackjackets) is a 1959 Swedish drama film directed by Olle Hellbom about a gang of car driving youngsters (greasers) who hang out in a café outside Stockholm. The coolest among the youngsters Roffe kidnaps his girlfriend when discovering that she hangs out with guys from another gang.
 Shadow of Doubt is a 1998 American independent mystery-thriller film directed by Randal Kleiser and starring Melanie Griffith Tom Berenger Craig Sheffer and Huey Lewis.
 Slugs muerte viscosa is a 1988 American horror film based on the novel Slugs by Shaun Hutson.
 Witch's Night Out is a Canadian animated television Halloween special that premiered on NBC October 27 1978. Produced in a Toronto studio it was the sequel to the 1974 special The Gift of Winter with the vocal talents from Dan Aykroyd and Vlari Bromfield. It featured the voices of Fiona Reid as Nicely and Catherine O'Hara as Malicious with Gilda Radner as the titular witch. Like the earlier special Witch's Night Out was produced by John Leach and Jean Rankin for CBC Television.
 Some Kind of Hero is a 1982 film starring Richard Pryor as a returning Vietnam War veteran having trouble adjusting to civilian life. Soon he is involved in an organized crime heist. It co-stars Margot Kidder and was directed by Michael Pressman.Although James Kirkwood and Robert Boris are jointly credited with the screenplay in fact the script was Boris’ rewrite of Kirkwood’s adaptation of his novel.
 Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing is a 1973 American film directed by Alan J. Pakula. It is often categorized as a drama but contains many comic elements. Maggie Smith and Timothy Bottoms star.
 Conversations with Mother (Spanish: Conversaciones con mamá) is a 2004 Argentine comedy-drama film directed and written by Santiago Carlos Oves.The film stars Eduardo Blanco as a middle-aged man who has just lost his job and who has about to lose his home his wife and his entire Argentinian-bourgeois world and China Zorrilla as his octogenarian mother.The film was nominated for three awards and won two awards with actress China Zorilla winning at the 26th Moscow International Film Festival and nominated for a Silver Condor Best Actress Award at the Argentine Film Critics Association Awards in 2005.The film premiered on 15 April 2004 in Argentina and appeared in over ten countries worldwide.
 Sobral – O Homem que Não Tinha Preço is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Paula Fiuza. The film is a biography of the jurist Sobral Pinto who faced the dictatorship in Brazil and became one of the greatest defenders of human rights in the country's history.
 Auguri professore (Good Luck Professor) is a 1997 Italian comedy drama film directed by Riccardo Milani.
 Young Törless (German: Der junge Törless) is a 1966 German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff adapted from the autobiographical novel The Confusions of Young Törless by Robert Musil. It deals with the violent sadistic and homoerotic tendencies of a group of boys at an Austrian military academy at the beginning of the 20th century.
 A Self Made Hero (French: Un héros très discret) is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Audiard. It is based on the novel by Jean-François Deniau.
 Melodrama Habibi (Arabic:ميلودراما حبيبي French: Une chanson dans la tête) the first feature film by Lebanese director Hany Tamba is a 2008 Lebanese film. The film is set to be released on August 13 2008 in France and Belgium.
 The Count of Monte Cristo (French: Le Comte de Monte-Cristo) is a French drama romance film from 1954 directed by Robert Vernay written by Georges Neveux starring Daniel Ivernel and Jean Marais. The scenario was written on a basis of novel of Alexandre Dumas. The film was known under the title Il tesoro di Montecristo (Italy).
 Office Romance (Russian: Служебный роман translit. Sluzhebnyy roman) is a Soviet comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It was filmed at Mosfilm and released in 1977. The film's plot is based on the stageplay Co-workers (Russian: Сослуживцы translit.
 So Close is a 2002 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen starring Shu Qi Zhao Wei and Karen Mok. The film's English title is derived from The Carpenters' song Close to You which has a prominent role in the film.
 Girl Interrupted is a 1999 drama film and an adaptation of Susanna Kaysen's 1993 memoir of the same name. The film chronicles Kaysen's 18-month stay at a mental institution. Directed by James Mangold the film stars Winona Ryder as Kaysen (who also served as an executive producer on the film) with a supporting cast that includes Angelina Jolie Brittany Murphy Whoopi Goldberg and Vanessa Redgrave.Girl Interrupted was released on December 21 1999.
 Shanghai Dreams (simplified Chinese: 青红; traditional Chinese: 青紅; pinyin: Qīng hóng) is a 2005 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai and starring Gao Yuanyuan Li Bin Tang Yang Wang Xiaoyang and Yao Anlian. The film was produced by Stellar Megamedia Debo Films Ltd. and Kingwood Ltd.Shanghai Dreams was the winner of the Jury Prize at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 Malan (film) is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1942.
 Les Ambassadeurs (Arabic: السفراء‎ English: The Ambassadors) is a Tunisian film produced in 1975 by Naceur Ktari. It won the Tanit d'or for best film Carthage Film Festival in 1976 and the special jury prize at Locarno International Film Festival the same year. It was selected for the 1978 Cannes Film Festival in the category Un Certain Regard.
 March on the Drina is a 1964 Yugoslav war film co-written and directed by Žika Mitrović. The film was released by the Avala Film studio in Belgrade. The screenplay was written by Žika Mitrović and Arsen Diklić. The title is derived from the eponymous 1914 musical composition by Stanislav Binicki.The film is based on a historical event the Battle of Cer which took place in 1914 during World War I.
 The Breaks is an American 1999 comedy film written by and starring Mitch Mullany and directed by Eric Meza.
 True Confessions is a 1981 crime film directed by Ulu Grosbard loosely based on the Black Dahlia murder case of 1947. The film stars Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall as the brothers Spellacy was produced by Chartoff-Winkler Productions and is adapted from the novel of the same name by John Gregory Dunne: he wrote the screenplay with his wife Joan Didion.
 Kanmadam is a 1998 Malayalam drama film written and directed by A. K. Lohithadas starring Mohan Lal Manju Warrier Lal Krishna Prasad and Mala Aravindan. Considered as one of the best films of Lohithadas the film has its music composed by Raveendran as well. The film was produced and distributed by Mohanlal's production company Pranavam Arts.
 Liar Game: Reborn (ライアーゲーム -再生- Liar Game: Saisei) is a 2012 Japanese film directed by Hiroaki Matsuyama.
 And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself is a 2003 television film for HBO in partnership with City Entertainment and starring Antonio Banderas as Pancho Villa directed by Bruce Beresford written by Larry Gelbart and produced by Joshua D. Maurer Mark Gordon and Larry Gelbart.
 Streamline Express is a 1935 American film directed by Leonard Fields.
 Submarine Base is a 1943 American film directed by Albert H. Kelley for Producers Releasing Corporation. The working title was Raiders of the Pacific.
 Amhi Asu Laadke is a Marathi film released on 14 December 2005. The film is produced by Abhiram Bhadkamkar Amita Ambekar Hemant Patil and directed by Abhiram Bhadkamkar. The film portrays a poignant soul stirring touching human drama of “special children” and a young man’s journey to explore the true meaning of life.
 Gramathu Athiyayam is a 1980 Tamil Indian feature film directed by C. Rudhraiya. The film stars Nanda Kumar Sundar and Swarnalatha in the lead roles.
 Tumaku Paruni Ta Bhuli (Oriya: ତୁମକୁ ପାରୁନି ତ ଭୁଲି) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Chakradhara Sahu.
 Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls is a 2008 direct-to-DVD adventure film created by American studio The Asylum. The film follows the adventures of explorer Allan Quatermain and was filmed entirely on location in South Africa.
 for others with the same name see UntamedUntamed is a 1940 American film directed by George Archainbaud. It is based on the 1926 Sinclair Lewis novel Mantrap.Ray Milland plays a doctor on a hunting trip to the Canadian wilderness. He gets badly mauled by a bear and his life is saved by his guide Joe Easter (Tamiroff). Easter takes the doctor to his cabin where he is nursed to recovery by Easter's young beautiful wife Alverna. They fall in love.
 Uttarayan is a Marathi directorial debut film of Bipin Nadkarni starring Shivaji Satam and Neena Kulkarni in lead roles. It has won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Marathi. The plot of the film is based on the Marathi play Durgi written by Jaywant Dalvi.
 3 Kanya or Teen Kanya (2012) is a Bengali psychological thriller film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee. The film tells a story of lives of three women. The characters are played by Rituparna Sengupta Ananya Chatterjee and Unnati Davara.
 Secrets (1924) is a silent film directed by Frank Borzage. The film is based upon an 1872 opera called Don César de Bazan and was remade in 1933 with Mary Pickford in the leading role. Although the film has never been released on video or DVD copies still exist.
 Great Desperate Monster Battle: Daigoro vs. Goliath (怪獣大奮戦　ダイゴロウ対ゴリアス Kaijû daifunsen: Daigorou tai Goriasu) is a 1972 Kaiju film. The film was produced by Tsuburaya Productions.
 Deadwater aka BlackOps aka Nazi Dawn in the United Kingdom is a horror film written and produced by Ethan Wiley it was directed by Roel Reiné and stars Lance Henriksen Gary Stretch James Russo D. C. Douglas and Jim Hanks. The film was produced by Wiseacre Films and Rebel Film and released in the US by First Look Studios.
 Summer 2007 is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant Suhail Tatari. The film deals with five medical students who undergo a rude awakening of sorts after visiting a Maharashtrian village and witnessing the misfortune of villagers. The film stars Sikandar Kher Gul Panag Yuvika Chaudhary Arjan Bajwa and Alekh Sangal. Ashutosh Rana and Divya Dutta play the supporting roles.
 The Light in the Forest is a 1958 film based on a novel of the same name first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter. The film was produced by Walt Disney Productions and starred Fess Parker Joanne Dru James MacArthur and Wendell Corey. Though it is a work of fiction and primarily features fictional characters the novel incorporates several real people and facts from U.S.
 Sake Bombs and Happy Endings is a DVD by the pop punk band Sum 41 of their promotional tour for Does This Look Infected? and filmed in Tokyo Bay NK Hall in Urayasu Japan on May 17 2003.It was remastered in Dolby Digital 5.1. It also includes the music videos for Still Waiting and Over My Head (Better Off Dead).During the song Nothing On My Back Deryck can be heard singing lines from the Nirvana song You Know You're Right.
 Stomp the Yard: Homecoming (also known as Stomp the Yard 2: Homecoming) is a 2010 drama film directed by Rob Hardy. It is the sequel to 2007's Stomp the Yard. The film is produced by Rainforest Films and released through Sony Pictures' Screen Gems division direct-to-video on September 21 2010.
 Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy adventure film based on VeggieTales produced by Big Idea Productions and FHE Pictures. It is the first feature-length film in the VeggieTales series.The themes of the film are compassion and mercy. The film weaves two stories together to illustrate these themes. The first takes place in the current day and concerns a mishap that occurs on the way to a concert.
 Emanuelle and the White Slave Trade (Italian: La via della prostituzione) is an Italian sexploitation film from 1978 directed by Joe D'Amato as his last Black Emanuelle film.
 The Naked Kiss is a 1964 neo-noir film written and directed by Samuel Fuller starring Constance Towers as Kelly Anthony Eisley as Captain Griff and Michael Dante as J.L. Grant.
 The Thompsons is an independent 2012 horror film directed by the Butcher Brothers (Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores) and a sequel to their previous film The Hamiltons. It premiered at the London FrightFest Film Festival on August 26 2012.Filmed largely in the UK several scenes feature The Ringlestone Inn Near Harrietsham in Kent south-east of London.
 Nilam is a 1949 Malaysian film.
 Companys procés a Catalunya (Spanish: Companys proceso a Cataluña) is a 1979 Spanish drama film directed by Josep Maria Forn. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Farmer from Texas (German: Der Farmer aus Texas) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Joe May and starring Mady Christians Willy Fritsch and Lillian Hall-Davis. It was based on the play Kolportage by Georg Kaiser. The film was considered a costly box office failure contributing to a financial crisis at Germany's largest studio Universum Film AG. The film's sets were designed by Paul Leni.
 Day of the Dead is a 1985 American horror film written and directed by George A. Romero and the third film in Romero's Dead Series being preceded by Night of the Living Dead (1968) and Dawn of the Dead (1978).Romero describes the film as a tragedy about how a lack of human communication causes chaos and collapse even in this small little pie slice of society[citation needed].This film features Sherman Howard in an early appearance as Bub and make-up artist Gregory Nicotero playing Pvt.
 The Rescue is a 1988 adventure film about a group of teenagers who infiltrate a North Korean prison to rescue their Navy SEAL fathers. It was written by Michael J. Henderson Jim Thomas and John Thomas produced by Laura Ziskin and directed by Ferdinand Fairfax. The film stars Kevin Dillon Ned Vaughn Marc Price Charles Haid Christine Harnos Ian Giatti and James Cromwell.
 Havoc in Heaven (simplified Chinese: 大闹天宫; traditional Chinese: 大鬧天宮; pinyin: Dà nào tiān gōng; Wade–Giles: Ta4 nao4 t'ien1 kung1) also translated as Uproar in Heaven is a Chinese animated feature film directed by Wan Laiming and produced by all four of the Wan brothers. The film was created at the height of the Chinese animation industry in the 1960s and received numerous awards. It earned the brothers domestic and international recognition.
 Somehow Good is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Fay Compton Stewart Rome and Dorothy Boyd. It was made at Twickenham Studios and premiered in October 1927.
 Mazeppa is a 1993 French drama film directed by Bartabas. It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Technical Grand Prize.
 The Bottle Imp is a 1917 silent fantasy film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is taken from a short story by Robert Louis Stevenson The Bottle Imp. The movie was directed in Hawaii by Marshall Neilan and stars Japanese actor Sessue Hayakawa.Prints held by George Eastman House and Cinematheque Francais Paris.
 Amhi Doghe Raja Rani is a Marathi movie released on 31 December 1986. The movie produced by Prem Chitra and directed by Kamlakar Torne is a fun-filled love story of an unemployed youth and his jobless girlfriend.
 Heroes of the West (Italian: Gli eroi del West) is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Steno.
 Serra Pelada is a 2013 Brazilian drama film co-written and directed by Heitor Dhalia starring Juliano Cazarré Júlio Andrade Sophie Charlotte Wagner Moura and Matheus Nachtergaele.The film follows the story of two men in Serra Pelada one of the largest mines in the world.
 One Summer Love originally titled Dragonfly is a 1976 romantic drama film directed by Gilbert Cates from a screenplay by N. Richard Nash. It stars Beau Bridges and Susan Sarandon and features Mildred Dunnock and Ann Wedgeworth.
 Lotna is a Polish war film released in 1959 and directed by Andrzej Wajda.
 Secret Scandal (Italian: Scandalo segreto) is a 1989 Italian film which was written and directed by Monica Vitti. It was starred by the same Monica Vitti Elliott Gould Gino Pernice and Catherine Spaak. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.For the movie Monica Vitti debuted as a director of cinema nevertheless it would be her last appearance on the big screen.
 Pacific Liner is a 1939 American action/adventure film starring Victor McLaglen. It made a profit of $87000.It was nominated at the 1939 Academy Awards for Best Original Score.
 Atmatyag is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Kumar Monojit and produced by A. K. Movie Makers. The presenter of the film was Arpita Mandal.
 Indru Nee Nalai Naan is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Major Sundarrajan. It stars Sivakumar and Lakshmi in the lead roles.
 Sunshine is a 2007 British science fiction horror thriller film directed by Danny Boyle. The film was adapted from a screenplay written by Alex Garland about the crew of a spacecraft on a dangerous mission to the Sun. In 2057 with the Earth in peril from the dying Sun the crew is sent on a mission to reignite the star with a nuclear bomb with the mass of Manhattan. The script was based on a scientific back-story that took the characters on a psychological journey.
 Four Flies on Grey Velvet (Italian: 4 mosche di velluto grigio) is a 1971 Italian giallo film written and directed by Dario Argento. The film is the third in director Argento's Animal Trilogy which started with The Bird with the Crystal Plumage and The Cat o' Nine Tails.
 A Cool Sound from Hell is a 1959 film directed by Sidney J. Furie.
 This Side of Resurrection (Portuguese: Deste Lado da Ressurreição) is a Portuguese independent drama film written and directed by Joaquim Sapinho. Was produced at the independent production company Rosa Filmes and had its world premiere at the 2011 edition of the Toronto International Film Festival as part of the Visions programme. Was considered one the best films of 2011 at the annual list of the Film Comment magazine.
 The Scandalous Adventures of Buraikan (無頼漢 Buraikan) is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Masahiro Shinoda. It was Japan's submission to the 43rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Tata Manavadu (Telugu: తాత మనవడు) is a 1972 Telugu film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao (debut). This is the first film as a hero for comedian Raja Babu paired with Guinness record holding director and actress Vijaya Nirmala. The film won Nandi Award for Best Feature Film. This super-hit Silver Jubilee film and ran for 25 weeks.Anubandham Atmiyata Anta Oka BootakamAtma Truptikai Manushulu Aadutunna Natakam by V. Ramakrishna is a memorable song in the film.
 Dil Ek Mandir ('Heart is a Temple') is a 1963 Hindi movie directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar Meena Kumari Raaj Kumar and Mehmood. The film's music is by Shankar Jaikishan. Almost all the songs of the film were big hits and so was the film too. The film was a remake of Tamil film Nenjil Or Aalayam (1962) also directed by C. V. Sridhar.
 Close Up is a 1996 American crime drama film and is also Will Arnett's film debut.
 Korowód or Twists of Fate is a 2007 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Stuhr. It stars Kamil Mackowiak Karolina Gorczyca and Katarzyna Maciag. Supporting roles are played by Jan Frycz Aleksandra Konieczna Maciej Stuhr and Matylda Baczynska.
 Komedianti is a 1954 Czech film directed by Vladimír Vlcek. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Samurai Spy (異聞猿飛佐助 Ibun Sarutobi Sasuke) also known as Spy Hunter is a 1965 film directed by Masahiro Shinoda based on a novel by Koji Nakada. The legendary samurai Sasuke Sarutobi tracks the spy Nojiri while a mysterious figure named Sakon leads a band of men on their own quest for the wily Nojiri. Soon no one knows just who is who and what side anyone is on. Made during the height of the cold war the film follows the lives of spies caught up in the power struggles of their times.
 World War III (Der Dritte Weltkrieg) is a 1998 German television ZDF's mockumentary directed by Robert Stone - together with The Learning Channel an English version was made as well. It depicts what might have transpired if following the overthrow of Mikhail Gorbachev Soviet troops under orders from a new hard-line regime had opened fire on demonstrators in Berlin in the fall of 1989 and precipitated World War III.
 Running Wild (aka Born Wild) is a 1992 movie starring Brooke Shields Martin Sheen and David Keith. The movie was written by Andrea Buck Duncan McLachlan and John Varty. It is rated PG in the USA.
 Anand is a 1986 Kannada film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao. The film starred Shivrajkumar and Sudha Rani in lead roles with both making their debuts. The film went on to be a huge success running for 38 weeks. Shivarajkumar was introduced as a dancer in this film. This was his first of the three consecutive hits at the box-office on debut which gave him the title Hat-trick Hero. He once said I can never forget Anand my first film which made me an actor.
 A Landscape of Lies is a British drama film written and directed by Paul Knight and released in 2011.
 Whore is a 2008 drama film co-starring edited written produced and directed by Thomas Dekker. It was released on October 20 2008.
 Fatal Contact: Bird Flu in America is an ABC two-hour TV movie which first aired May 9 2006 in which an American businessman visiting China is infected and carries the deadly mutated bird flu virus back via jetliner to the USA soon it spreads throughout the country then the rest of the world. Before the movie ends riots erupt armed mobs try to hijack vaccines and authorities predict that up to 350 million people will die worldwide.
 Kurt & Courtney is a 1998 documentary film by Nick Broomfield investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of Kurt Cobain and allegations of Courtney Love's involvement in it.
 Warm Nights on a Slow Moving Train is a 1988 Australian film directed by Bob Ellis. Nominated at the AFI Awards in the Best Achievement in Cinematography (Yuri Sokol) category.
 The Lion is a DeLuxe Color 1962 drama film in CinemaScope directed by Jack Cardiff starring William Holden and Trevor Howard. Filmed on location in Kenya and Uganda and on a co-owned property of Holden in Kenya the Mount Kenya Safari Club.
 Abbiamo vinto! is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Robert A. Stemmle starring Paolo Stoppa.
 El Rey is a 2004 Colombian film directed by Antonio Dorado. It was Colombia's submission to the 77th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 A Terrible Night (French: Une nuit terrible) is an 1896 French silent comedy film by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 26 in its catalogues where it is listed with the descriptive subtitle scène comique.
 Hamoun is a 1990 psychological drama movie directed by Dariush Mehrjui. The movie tells the story of a middle-class Iranian – Hamid Hamoun played by Khosro Shakibai – and his struggle after his femme fatal wife Mahshid played by Bita Farrahi demands a divorce from him.
 My Little Pony: Meet the Ponies is a collection of Animated Shorts produced by SD Entertainment and distributed by Hasbro. The animated shorts commemorates the 25th Anniversary of the My Little Pony franchise and introduced the Core 7. The shorts first became available online on Hasbro's official My Little Pony Website before being released on DVD Packaged within the first wave of the Core 7 Pony toys of the Generation 3 Line.
 Alice in Wonderland is a 1903 British silent film directed by Cecil Hepworth and Percy Stow. It is the first movie adaptation of Lewis Carroll's children's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.The film is memorable for its use of special effects including Alice's shrinking in the Hall of Many Doors and in her large size stuck inside of White Rabbit's home reaching for help through a window. Only one copy of the original film is known to exist and parts are now lost.
 The Long Haul is a 1957 British drama film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Victor Mature Patrick Allen and Diana Dors. An American ex-servicemen settles in Britain with his English wife and becomes a lorry driver in Liverpool where he begins a relationship with the girlfriend of a major crime figure.
 Crude is a 2009 American documentary film directed and produced by Joe Berlinger. It follows a two year portion of an ongoing class action lawsuit against the Chevron Corporation in Ecuador.
 The Mysterious Rider is a 1938 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Douglass Dumbrille Sidney Toler and Russell Hayden. Written by Maurice Geraghty based on the 1921 novel The Mysterious Rider by Zane Gray the film is about a notorious outlaw who returns to the ranch he once owned and takes a job disguised as a ranch hand.
 Mayak (Russian: Маяк meaning The Lighthouse) is a 2006 Russian film directed by Mariya Saakyan. Young director by Maria Sahakyan made picture about the war in the Caucasus but without the war.
 Nemici d'infanzia is a 1995 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Luigi Magni. The film won the David di Donatello for Best Script.
 Dot.Kill also known as Digital Reaper is a 2005 crime thriller film directed by John Irvin and starring Armand Assante.The film was shot on location in New York City and Liverpool.
 La venexiana (internationally released as The Venetian Woman) is a 1986 Italian erotic film directed by Mauro Bolognini. The film is a transposition of the anonymous 16th century comedy play with the same name.
 The Fox and the Child (French: Le renard et l'enfant) is a 2007 French film directed by Luc Jacquet. Starring Bertille Noël-Bruneau Isabelle Carré and Thomas Laliberté. The English version of the film is narrated by Kate Winslet.
 Santa Claus is a 1959 live action Mexican motion picture featuring Santa Claus. In the film Santa works in outer space and does battle with a demon sent to Earth by Lucifer to ruin Christmas by killing Santa and making all the children of the Earth do evil. Santa Claus was directed by René Cardona and written by Cardona and Adolfo Torres Portillo. The original film was produced in Mexico and features primarily Spanish dialog.
 Inkaar is a 2013 Indian drama romance film directed by Sudhir Mishra and produced by Viki Rajani starring Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh in the lead roles. Shantanu Moitra has composed the music. Deepti Naval Vipin Sharma Gaurav Dwivedi are featured in supporting roles. The film was produced and distributed under the Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and the Tipping Point Films banners.
 4 for Texas is a 1963 American western comedy starring Frank Sinatra Dean Martin Anita Ekberg Ursula Andress and featuring screen thugs Charles Bronson and Mike Mazurki with a cameo appearance by the Three Stooges (Larry Fine Moe Howard and Curly Joe DeRita). The film was written by Teddi Sherman and Robert Aldrich who also directed.
 Alaya Deepam is a 1984 Tamil Indian feature film directed by C. V. Sridhar and produced by K.R.Gangadharan. It stars Sujatha and Rajesh in the lead roles.
 Papy is a 2009 film directed by Djo Tunda Wa Munga. It was released on 27 July 2009 at the Zanzibar Film Festival.
 Unnai Suttrum Ulagam is a Tamil language film starring Jayalalithaa in the lead role. Kamal Haasan plays a cameo.
 Get the Gringo (also known as How I Spent My Summer Vacation) is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Adrian Grunberg produced co-written by and starring Mel Gibson. The film has received largely positive reviews gaining an 81% 'Fresh' rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Sisterakas is a 2012 Filipino comedy parody film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films and selected as one of the eight official entries to the 2012 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film was released nationwide in theaters on December 25 2012. The film was directed by Wenn V.
 Fighter in the Wind (Korean: 바람의 파이터) is a 2004 South Korean film. It is based on the Japanese book Karate Baka Ichidai which is a fictionalized account of karate competitor Choi Yeung-Eui (최영의 崔永宜) who went to Japan after World War II to become a fighter pilot but found a very different path instead. He changed his name to Masutatsu Oyama (大山倍達) and went across the country defeating martial artists one after another.
 Expensive Women is a 1931 talking film drama. It is very much a Pre-Code type of story. It was produced by First National and distributed through their parent company Warner Brothers. The film was directed by silent film veteran Hobart Henley and starred Dolores Costello. This film was Costello's final film as a Warner Brothers leading lady and star of which she had been since 1925. She retired to be the wife of John Barrymore and to raise their family.
 Diana is a 2013 biographical drama film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel about the last two years of the life of Diana Princess of Wales. The screenplay is based on Kate Snell's 2001 book Diana: Her Last Love and was written by Stephen Jeffreys. British-Australian actress Naomi Watts plays the title role of Diana.The world premiere of the film was held in London on 5 September 2013. It was released in the UK on 20 September 2013 and was critically panned by the British press.
 Kalpadukal (Malayalam: കാൽപ്പാടുകൾ English: Footprints) is a 1962 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Antony and starring Prem Nazir in the lead role. The film received a certificate of merit at the National Film Awards. Renowned playback singer K. J. Yesudas sang his first song for this film.
 Der Rat der Götter (The Council of the Gods) is an East German black-and-white film directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was released in 1950.
 L'amore più bello (The most beautiful love also known as L'uomo dai calzoni corti) is a 1958 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Glauco Pellegrini.
 A propósito de Sudán is a 2009 documentary film directed by Lidia Peralta and Salah Elmur.
 The Wife of General Ling is a 1937 British drama film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Griffith Jones Valéry Inkijinoff and Adrianne Renn. It was adapted from a novel by Dorothy Hope and Peter Cheyney. A British secret service agent gets mixed up with a Chinese warlord. The film was made at Shepperton Studios by the independent company Premier-Stafford Productions.
 Kinky Business is a pornographic movie takeoff the mainstream film Risky Business. It stars Tom Byron in the Tom Cruise role and Tanya Lawson in the Rebecca De Mornay part. Others stars include Ginger Lynn Misty Mallory Laurie Smith Lois Ayres Jerry Butler Raven Crystal Breeze Cynthia Brooks and Gina Carrera. Ron Jeremy and (uncredited) Kristara Barrington are featured in non-sex roles.Traci Lords had one scene in the film.
 Mrs Ratcliffe's Revolution is a 2007 British comedy drama film directed by Bille Eltringham and starring Catherine Tate Iain Glen and Brittany Ashworth about a British family who move to East Germany in 1968 during the Cold War. It was filmed in Hungary and the United Kingdom (UK) and was released on 9 July 2007 at the Cambridge Film Festival and nationwide in the UK on 28 September.
 Mi Amigo is a 2002 comedy western genre film.
 The Story of Dr. Wassell is a 1944 American Technicolor World War II film set in the Dutch East Indies directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper Laraine Day Signe Hasso and Dennis O'Keefe. The film was based on a book of the same name by novelist and screenwriter James Hilton his only nonfiction book.The book and film were inspired by the wartime activities of U.S. Navy Doctor Corydon M.
 Terms of Endearment is a 1983 comedy-drama film adapted from the novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry directed written and produced by James L. Brooks and starring Shirley MacLaine Debra Winger Jack Nicholson Danny DeVito Jeff Daniels and John Lithgow. The film covers 30 years of the relationship between Aurora Greenway (MacLaine) and her daughter Emma (Winger).The film received 11 Academy Award nominations and won five.
 Jai Bhim Comrade is a 2011 Indian documentary film directed by Anand Patwardhan.
 Mircea (AKA: Proud Heritage) is a 1989 film about Mircea I of Wallachia the Christian king of Wallachia who repelled the attempts at conquest made by the Ottoman Empire in the late 1300s and early 1400s. The film also depicts a young Vlad III the Impaler Mircea's grandson who would succeed him on the throne and continue his legacy of resistance against the Ottoman invasion.This film screenplay was written by Titus Popovici and was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.
 Sogni mostruosamente proibiti (Monstrously Prohibited Dreams) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti. The film is loosely inspired by The Secret Life of Walter Mitty.
 BlinkyTM is a 2011 Irish/American short science fiction/horror film written edited and directed by Ruairí Robinson and stars Max Records Robinson Jenni Fontana and James Nardini. The film tells the story of a boy who adopts a robot and starts being mean to it until the robot goes into a murdering rampage. The film was released in March 20 2011.
 Gramaphone is a 2003 Malayalam film by Kamal starring Dileep Meera Jasmine and Navya Nair.
 Chandhodhyam (Tamil: சந்திரோதயம் English: Moonrise) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with J. Jayalalitha M. N. Nambiar Nagesh enacting supporting roles.
 The Midnight Hour (also known as In the Midnight Hour) is a 1985 comedy/horror television movie that aired on ABC on Friday November 1 1985 at 9:00-11:00 PM EST and stars Shari Belafonte-Harper LeVar Burton Peter DeLuise and Dedee Pfeiffer.
 Hot Rod Girl is a 1956 action film directed by Leslie H. Martinson and released by American International Pictures. It stars Lori Nelson and Chuck Connors.
 Dinner at Eight is a Pre-Code 1933 comedy of manners / drama starring Marie Dressler John Barrymore Wallace Beery Jean Harlow Lionel Barrymore Lee Tracy Edmund Lowe and Billie Burke and produced by MGM Studios. The film was adapted to the screen by Frances Marion and Herman J. Mankiewicz from the play by George S. Kaufman and Edna Ferber with additional dialogue supplied by Donald Ogden Stewart. Produced by David O. Selznick the picture was directed by George Cukor.
 Beauty and the Beast is a 1991 American animated musical romantic fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. Based on the traditional French fairy tale of the same name by Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont Beauty and the Beast is the 30th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Additionally it is third in the Disney Renaissance period.
 Meghla Akash also (Bengali: মেঘলা আকাশ meaning of English: The Cloudy Sky ) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language film. The film directed by Bangladeshi famous lady filmmaker Nargis Akter and it is her first directed film. Release 2002 in all over Bangladesh. This thought has brought forward Nargis Akhter's first feature film Meghla Akash that deals with the issue of HIV/AIDS prevention and control.
 Chandavalliya Thota (Kannada: ಚಂದವಳ್ಳಿಯ ತೋಟ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada language film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur based on a novel of the same name written by T. R. Subba Rao. The film starred Rajkumar Udaykumar and Jayanthi in lead roles. The film won many laurels upon release including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada for its Gandhian theme of dealing with the poverty in rural Indian villages.
 Shanghai 1937 (also released as Hotel Shanghai) is a 1997 Austrian drama film directed by Peter Patzak. It was entered into the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Snake Man (Khmer: ពស់កេងកង Thai:งูเก็งกอง Puos Keng Kang) is a 1970 Cambodian drama horror film based on a Cambodian myth about a snake goddess starring Khmer famous actress at era Dy Saveth and Chea Yuthorn who was hugely popular in Thailand after the film release.
 Khamosh Raho is Pakistani Urdu Language film directed by Altaf Hussain. It stars Shaan Shahid and Juggan Kazim in Lead roles.
 Kovilpatti Veeralakshmi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003 directed by K. Rajeshwar who earlier directed Amaran. The film was a huge flop in box office. Simran Bagga dubbed in her own voice for the first time in this film with some dialogues dubbed by Deepa Venkat. She got a very good image as a diversified actress through this film. The film was initially planned to be started in 1996 with Shweta Menon in the lead role but was delayed.
 Doctors' Wives is a 1931 romantic drama film made by Fox Film Corporation directed by Frank Borzage. The film stars Warner Baxter and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Maurine Dallas Watkins based on a novel by Henry Lieferant and Sylvia Lieferant.
 Snuff is a 1976 splatter film and is most notorious for being marketed as if it were an actual snuff film. This picture contributed to the urban legend of snuff films although the concept did not originate with it.
 Suha Jora is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Pervez Rana. The film was a super hit in Lahore.film Sooha Jora (Bridal Dress) was produced by Nargis husband Zubair Shah.
 Juana Gallo is a 1961 Mexican drama film written and directed by Miguel Zacarías. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Station 58 is a documentary made by Pakistani documentary filmmaker Azfar Rizvi. The documentary after being broadcast on local channels has been accepted in international film festivals.
 Manslaughter (Danish: Drabet) is a 2005 Danish film written and directed by Per Fly. The film stars Jesper Christensen Beate Bille and Pernilla August as well as Fly's wife Charlotte Fich. Manslaughter won the Nordic Council Film Prize in 2005 multiple awards at the 2006 Bodil Awards — including Best Actor Best Film and Best Supporting actress — as well as being nominated for several other major film awards.
 Hold Back the Night is a 1956 Korean War war film based on the 1951 novel by Pat Frank who had been a war correspondent in Korea. The film was directed by Allan Dwan; his third film with John Payne and his third film about the United States Marine Corps.
 Suzhou River (Chinese: 苏州河; pinyin: Sūzhōu Hé) is a 2000 film by Lou Ye about a tragic love story set in contemporary Shanghai. The film though stylistically distinct is typical of Sixth Generation Chinese filmmakers in its subject matter of contemporary China's gritty urban experience. The film stars Zhou Xun in a dual role as two different women and Jia Hongsheng as a man obsessed with finding a woman from his past.
 A Defeated People is a 1946 British documentary short film made by the Crown Film Unit directed by Humphrey Jennings and narrated by William Hartnell. The film depicts the shattered state of Germany both physically and as a society in the immediate aftermath of World War II. The narration explains what is being done – and what needs to be done – both by the occupying Allied forces and the German people themselves to build a better Germany from the ruins.
 The Bites is a 1996 mini series about an Australian adventurer who moves to Asia with his new wife. The series was a departure of pace for Hugo Weaving the star.It was shot 21 September to 30 November 1995.
 Out of the Blue is a 1947 comedy based on the short story by Vera Caspary who also co-wrote the screenplay. It stars George Brent Ann Dvorak Turhan Bey and Virginia Mayo. It was directed by Leigh Jason.
 Bikini Bloodbath is a 2006 comedy film that parodies the horror-slasher movies of the 1980s. Written and directed by Thomas Edward Seymour and Jonathan Gorman the film focuses on a high school girls’ volleyball team that plans to host an end-of-semester party.
 Ghanchakkar (English: Crazy) is a Bollywood suspense comedy caper film directed by Rajkumar Gupta and produced by Ronnie Screwvala and Siddharth Roy Kapur from UTV Motion Pictures. The film stars Emraan Hashmi opposite Vidya Balan in the lead. The theatrical trailer unveiled on 28 March 2013 attached with Himmatwala. The film was released on 28 June 2013 receiving mixed reviews from critics. The film turned out to be a Blockbuster in Box-Office.
 The Reunion is a 2011 action film directed by Michael Pavone. The film stars John Cena Ethan Embry Michael Rispoli Boyd Holbrook and Amy Smart. The film was released on October 21 2011
 D-17 is a 2008 Malayalam film. It features Bollywood actor Atul Kulkarni and Ajmal Ameer in the lead roles. Sandhya is the heroine.Peter Heins the famous south Indian stunt master who was behind the action scenes of films such as Anniyan Shivajiand Magadheera is doing his second venture in Malayalam as Action choreographer. His debut was in 2004 with the Mammootty starrer Aparichithan.
 The Millerson Case is a 1947 Drama directed by George Archainbaud starring Warner Baxter Nancy Saunders and Clem Bevans. In the 8th film of Columbia's Crime Doctor series Dr. Robert Ordway (Warner Baxter) is vacationing in the Blue Ridge Mountains district of West Virginia when a Typhoid fever epidemic breaks out. Three deaths occur with the first two being typhoid-caused but the death of the third person.
 The Drug Knot is a 1986 CBS Schoolbreak Special a cautionary tale about teenage drug dependency.
 Rowdy Alludu (Telugu: రౌడీ అల్లుడు; English: Rowdy son-in-law) is a 1991 Tollywood film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao. This film stars Chiranjeevi Shobana and Divya Bharati.
 No Safety Ahead is a 1959 British film.
 Akalpith is a Marathi movie to be released on February 28 2014. The genre of movie is a 'psychological thriller' and is written and directed by Mr. Prasad Acharekar. Movie starts with Renuka Shahane Mohan Agashe and Nirmiti Sawant. The theme song of movie is written by Guru Thakur and is composed by Sonam Sherpa Nitin Malik and Subir Malik of Parikrama Band.
 Moz & Cat is a 2009 Malayalam film written and directed by Fazil starring Dileep and Rahman in lead roles.
 Ich zähle täglich meine Sorgen is a 1960 Austrian / West German film directed by Paul Martin.
 Nadodi (Tamil: நாடோடி English: Gypsy) is a 1966 Indian Tamil-language film directed by B.R.Panthulu starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Saroja Devi.
 Second-Hand was a 2005 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.
 2 Coelhos (Lit: 2 Rabbits) is a 2012 Brazilian action film written and directed by Afonso Poyart. The film features innovations that were not common in Brazilian films including explosions animations elaborate special effects and pop culture references. It was released in Brazil on January 20 2012.
 Bulletface is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Albert Pyun with Howie Askins and Joe Baile as co-directors and starring Victoria Maurette Steven Bauer Morgan Weisser and Scott Paulin. The screenplay was written by Randall Fontana who had previously collaborated with Pyun on Hong Kong '97. A preview screening in Bellingham in 2006 won the Best Experimental Film award in the Northwest Independent Film Festival.
 Postage Due is a 1924 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 Better Living is a 1998 film featured in the Hamptons International Film Festival. It stars Roy Scheider and Olympia Dukakis and includes Edward Herrmann.
 Kuravanji (Tamil: குறவஞ்சி) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan Savithri and Mynavathi in the lead roles. This film was released in 1960.
 White Bird in a Blizzard is an upcoming French thriller co-produced written and directed by Gregg Araki.
 Aatank Hi Aatank (Hindi: आतंक ही आतंक;English:Terror everywhere) is a 1995 Indian crime film. The movie is highly inspired by The Godfather. It stars Rajinikanth Aamir Khan Juhi Chawla and Pooja Bedi in the lead.In 2000 the film was dubbed into Tamil as Aandavan and flopped at the box-office just like its Hindi version.
 Meghave Meghave is a 2009 Kannada romantic film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Gracy Singh and Ram in the lead roles. The film released on 30 January 2009.
 Dentist on the Job is a 1961 British comedy film directed by C.M. Pennington-Richards the sequel to Dentist in the Chair. It was released in the US with the title Get on with it! The film was co-written by Hugh Woodhouse and Hazel Adair. It stars Bob Monkhouse. Other actors appearing in the film include Kenneth Connor Ronnie Stevens Shirley Eaton Richard Wattis and Charles Hawtrey. A two-minute clip is included in Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
 Look Who's Talking Now is the third and final installment in the film series that began with Look Who's Talking in 1989. Released in 1993 the film finds John Travolta and Kirstie Alley reprising their roles as James and Mollie Ubriacco respectively and introducing the newly extended family members to the film.David Gallagher and Tabitha Lupien portray the couple's children Mikey and Julie respectively.
 Colin Fitz Lives! also known simply as Colin Fitz is a 1997 Independent film directed by Robert Bella. Colin Fitz Lives! was shot on 35mm in New York City. The budget was $150000 and the film was shot in 14 days. It had its World Premiere in Dramatic Competition at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival.
 Adventures in Babysitting (also known as A Night on the Town in certain countries) is a 1987 American comedy film written by David Simkins directed by Chris Columbus and starring Elisabeth Shue Maia Brewton Keith Coogan Anthony Rapp Penelope Ann Miller Bradley Whitford and a brief cameo by blues singer/guitarist Albert Collins. Although it is set in Oak Park and Chicago Illinois with much of the action taking place in the city itself the movie was filmed primarily in Toronto.
 Wilt is a 1989 movie adaptation by LWT of the Tom Sharpe novel of the same name. The story follows the comic misadventures of the eponymous Henry Wilt as he is accused of the murder of his wife when she suddenly goes missing after a party at a friend's house where they have a very public argument.The movie was directed by Michael Tuchner with Andrew Marshall and David Renwick credited as screenplay writers. It was released in North America under the title The Misadventures of Mr. Wilt.
 Mighty Times: The Legacy of Rosa Parks is a 2002 American short documentary film directed by Robert Houston and produced by Robert Hudson. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Annie's Coming Out (also known as A Test of Love) is a 1984 Australian drama film directed by Gil Brealey. It is based on the non-fiction book Annie's Coming Out by disability activists Rosemary Crossley and Anne McDonald. The book tells the story of McDonald's early life in a government institution for people with severe disabilities and her subsequent release.
 All That Glitters is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Jack Hobbs Moira Lynd and Aubrey Mallalieu. The film was made at Nettlefold Studios in Walton for distribution as a quota quickie by RKO.
 For other uses see The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby.Nicholas Nickleby is a 1947 British drama film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Cedric Hardwicke. The screenplay by John Dighton is based on the Charles Dickens novel The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (1839). This first sound screen adaptation of the book followed silent films released in 1903 and 1912.
 Ooh... You Are Awful is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Dick Emery Derren Nesbitt Ronald Fraser and Cheryl Kennedy. Its alternative title on its North American release was Get Charlie Tully.Before his death Reggie Campbell Peek deposited a stolen £500000 into a Swiss bank account. But Peek left a record of the account number: the digits tattooed on the bottoms of four young women none of whom know the value of their asset.
 Smiley Face is a 2007 comedy film written by Dylan Haggerty and directed and co-produced by Gregg Araki. It stars Anna Faris as a young woman who has a series of misadventures after eating a large number of cupcakes laced with cannabis. The supporting cast includes Danny Masterson John Krasinski Adam Brody Jayma Mays Marion Ross Jane Lynch and Roscoe Lee Browne in his final film. This was the ninth feature film directed by Araki.
 Máscaras en otoño is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Soul (Chinese: 失魂) is a 2013 Taiwanese horror film written and directed by Chung Mong-Hong. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. The film was screened in the Vanguard section of the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Druids (French: Vercingétorix: La légende du druide roi) is a French film first released on 31 August 2001 directed by Jacques Dorfmann. It stars Christopher Lambert Klaus Maria Brandauer Inés Sastre Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu and Max von Sydow.The film tells the story of the Gallic chieftain Vercingetorix from his childhood through to his battle to save Gaul from Roman domination at the hands of Julius Caesar. The film culminates with the decisive Battle of Alesia.
 Shakti: The Power (translation: Energy or Power) is a 2002 Bollywood film directed by Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi and starring Karisma Kapoor Sanjay Kapoor and Nana Patekar in the lead roles. Shahrukh Khan makes a guest appearance while Aishwarya Rai appears in an Item number.
 Oz the Great and Powerful is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi produced by Joe Roth and written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner. The film stars James Franco as the titular character Mila Kunis as Theodora Rachel Weisz as Evanora and Michelle Williams as Glinda. Zach Braff Bill Cobbs Joey King and Tony Cox are featured in supporting roles.The film is based on L. Frank Baum's Oz novels and also pays homage to the 1939 MGM film The Wizard of Oz.
 Ender's Game is a 2013 American science fiction film based on the novel of the same name by Orson Scott Card. Directed and written by Gavin Hood the film stars Asa Butterfield as Andrew Ender Wiggin an unusually gifted child who is sent to an advanced military academy in outer space to prepare for a future alien invasion.
 Torrid Noon (Bulgarian: Горещо пладне translit. Goreshto pladne) is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1966 directed by Zako Heskija. It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
 Rest Stop: Don't Look Back is the sequel to the 2006 movie Rest Stop. It stars Richard Tillman Jessie Ward Graham Norris and Brionne Davis. The only actors to return from the first film are Joey Mendicino (Jesse Hilts) and the Winnebago Family (Diane Salinger Michael Childers Gary and Edmund Entin and Mikey Post).
 O Jerusalem is a 2006 drama film directed by Elie Chouraqui. It is based on the history book of the same name written by Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins.The working title for release in the US is Beyond Friendship. It was produced for US distribution by Jeffrey Konvitz.
 Persécution is a 2009 romantic-drama film directed by Patrice Chéreau. It stars Romain Duris Charlotte Gainsbourg and Jean-Hugues Anglade. It premiered on 5 September 2009 at the 66th Venice International Film Festival where it was nominated for the Golden Lion.
 Tiger is a Telugu film is directed N. Ramesh. It was the first time N. T. Rama Rao and Rajinikanth starred together. It was also Rajinikanth's 50th film in his career.
 Tollywood Focus is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by Manas Bose.
 MacGruber is a 2010 American action comedy film based on the Saturday Night Live sketch of the same name itself a parody of action-adventure television series MacGyver. Jorma Taccone of the comedy trio The Lonely Island directed the film which stars Will Forte in the title role; Kristen Wiig as his love interest/partner Vicki St.
 Hell to Eternity is a 1960 World War II film starring Jeffrey Hunter David Janssen Vic Damone and directed by Phil Karlson. This film biopic is about the true experiences of Marine hero Pfc. Guy Gabaldon (played by Hunter) a Los Angeles Hispanic boy raised in the 1930s by a Japanese American foster family and his heroic actions during the Battle of Saipan.
 She Devil is a 1957 American science fiction horror film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Mari Blanchard Jack Kelly and Albert Dekker.
 I Know That You Know That I Know (Italian: Io so che tu sai che io so) is a 1982 Italian comedy-drama film directed by and starring Alberto Sordi. It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize.
 Asudem is an American horror film written and directed by Daryush Shokof. Asudem is the reverse writing of medusa indicates a surreal story of a woman Yangzom Brauen in the woods where she meets Satan experiencing a heavenly vision after consuming hallucinogenic mushrooms. The film is shot in black and white and entirely in Berlin Germany in 2006.
 Right at Your Door is a 2006 American thriller film about a couple and follows the events surrounding them when multiple dirty bombs detonate in Los Angeles.Chris Gorak both wrote the screenplay and directed the film in his writing and directorial debuts. It was first screened at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2006 where it was nominated for Cinematography Award and the Grand Jury Prize winning the Cinematography award.
 Captive Wild Woman (1943) is a sci-fi horror film starring John Carradine Milburn Stone Evelyn Ankers and Acquanetta. The picture was released by Universal Pictures and was directed by Edward Dmytryk.
 Yes My Darling Daughter is a 1939 American drama film directed by William Keighley and starring Priscilla Lane. Ellen Murray (Priscilla Lane) is a young woman is determined to spend a weekend with her lover Douglas Hall (Jeffrey Lynn) before he takes off to Europe for his new job.
 The Hurricane Express (1932) is a 12-chapter Mascot Pictures film serial starring John Wayne as airplane pilot Larry Baker who goes after a mystery villain named The Wrecker the man responsible for a train crash that killed his father.
 Room Service is a 1938 RKO film comedy starring the Marx Brothers and based on the 1937 play of the same name by Allen Boretz and John Murray. It co-stars Lucille Ball Ann Miller Alexander Asro and Frank Albertson.
 House (ハウス Hausu) is a 1977 Japanese horror film directed and produced by Nobuhiko Obayashi. The film stars mostly amateur actors with only Kimiko Ikegami and Yōko Minamida having any notable previous acting experience.
 Ingmar Bergman Makes a Movie (Swedish: Ingmar Bergman gör en film) is a 1963 Swedish documentary film directed by Vilgot Sjöman which depicts the making of Ingmar Bergman's film Winter Light from screenwriting to the film's premiere and critical reaction.The film originally aired in five half-hour episodes on Swedish television.
 Go to Blazes is a short 1942 British information film produced by the Ministry of Information directed by Walter Forde and starring Will Hay and Thora Hird.
 Deadhead Miles is an American film made in 1971 from a script by Terence Malick.George Raft and Ida Lupino make cameos.Alan Arkin's character Cooper drives a yellow Peterbilt down America's highways and byways tells us he's an engine man tries to hustle a load finds humor where he can.
 Veeranjaneya (Telugu: వీరాంజనేయ) is a 1968 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao. It is a music film based on the life of Hindu God Anjaneya.
 Aakhari Decision is a Bollywood action film directed by Deepak Bandhu and stars Anant Jog Nagesh Bhonsle Mushtaq Khan Navni Parihar Amar Sidhu and Sumona Chakravarti. It was filmed in India and the United States.
 Opéra Industriel is a short film produced by Pacific Data Images in 1986. Parts of the film have been used in compilations such as Beyond the Mind's Eye and State of the Art of Computer Animation. The film portrays a number of humanoid expressionless robots in a monochrome scene that resembles a factory or forge.
 Dogs Is Dogs is a 1931 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 110th (22nd talking episode) Our Gang short to be released.
 Retribution (叫 Sakebi) is a 2006 Japanese mystery film directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa starring Koji Yakusho of a detective's investigation of serial murders that leads him to a mysterious woman in red who slowly draws him into the darkness.
 Doraemon: Nobita and the New Steel Troops: ~Winged Angels~ (映画ドラえもん 新・のび太と鉄人兵団 ～はばたけ 天使たち～ Eiga Doraemon Shin Nobita to Tetsujin Heidan ~Habatake Tenshi Tachi~) is an anime science fiction film based on the Doraemon franchise that was released in Japan on March 5 2011 in both IMAX 3-D and conventional 2-D formats. It is a remake of the 1986 Doraemon movie Doraemon: Nobita and the Steel Troops and is the first Doraemon film ever to be released in 3-D. It was also released in India.
 Mouth to Mouth (Swedish: Mun mot mun) is a 2005 Swedish film directed by Björn Runge.
 Stratos (Greek: Το Μικρό Ψάρι translit. To Mikro psari) is a 2014 Greek drama film directed by Yannis Economides. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Living the Dream is a 2006 comedy-drama film starring Sean Young Christian Schoyen and Danny Trejo. It was written by Christian Schoyen and Luis Fernandez Reneo from a story by Christian Schoyen and directed by Christian Schoyen and Allan Fiterman. It was produced by Allan Fiterman Christian Schoyen and Christin Tellefsen.
 The Detective 2 is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Oxide Pang. It is the sequel to 2007's The Detective.
 Hollywood Vice Squad is a 1986 film directed by Penelope Spheeris with music by Keith Levene of Public Image Ltd.
 Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch (credited as just Lilo & Stitch 2 at the start credits) is a 2005 direct-to-video animated film produced by DisneyToon Studios. The film is regarded as the true sequel to the 2002 Disney feature film Lilo & Stitch and taking place before the events of Stitch! The Movie and subsequent additions to the franchise. Like the original film Lilo & Stitch 2 features the music of Elvis Presley and the original film's animation style.
 The Skeleton Key is a 2005 American supernatural horror film starring Kate Hudson Gena Rowlands John Hurt Peter Sarsgaard and Joy Bryant. The film centers on a young hospice nurse who acquires a job at a Terrebonne Parish plantation home and becomes entangled in a supernatural mystery involving the house its former inhabitants and the hoodoo rituals and spells that took place there. It was released in cinemas in the United Kingdom on July 29 2005 and in the U.S. on August 12 2005.
 Oconomowoc is a 2013 American comedy film written by directed by and starring Andy Gillies. The film follows a man who after moving back in with his hard-drinking mother becomes part of a T-shirt business with his friend.
 Fusilier Wipf (German: Füsilier Wipf) is a 1938 Swiss drama film directed by Hermann Haller and Leopold Lindtberg and starring Paul Hubschmid Heinrich Gretler and Robert Trösch. When the First World War breaks out a hairdresser's assistant in neutral Switzerland is mobilised for border protection duty. Serving in the army he grows from a boy into a man and develops a greater love for his country.
 Boys Will Be Joys is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 41st Our Gang short subject released.
 Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends (2013) is a Bengali language film directed by Mainak Bhaumik. The story of the film revolves around friendship three Bengali girls and their world.
 Frances Ha is a 2012 American comedy-drama film directed by Noah Baumbach and written by Baumbach and Greta Gerwig. Gerwig also plays the title role. The film premiered at the Telluride Film Festival on September 1 2012. Frances Ha was given a theatrical wide release on May 17 2013.
 Metropia is a 2009 Swedish adult animated science-fiction film directed by Tarik Saleh. The screenplay was written by Fredrik Edin Stig Larsson and Tarik Saleh after a story by Tarik Saleh Fredrik Edin and Martin Hultman. The film uses a technique where actual photographs have been altered and heavily stylized in a computer program and then animated.
 Murder in Harlem (also released as Lem Hawkins Confession) is a 1935 American race film written produced and directed by Oscar Micheaux who also appears in the film. He remade his 1921 silent film The Gunsaulus Mystery. Basing the works on the 1913 trial of Leo Frank for the murder of Mary Phagan Micheaux used the detective genre to introduce different voices and conflicting accounts by his characters.
 Manhandled is a 1949 film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster and starring Dorothy Lamour Dan Duryea and Sterling Hayden and based on the 1945 novel The Man Who Stole a Dream by L. S. Goldsmith.
 A Room for Romeo Brass is a 1999 British comedy drama film directed and written by Shane Meadows. It was co-written by frequent Meadows collaborator Paul Fraser. It was filmed in September 1998.The film stars Andrew Shim as Romeo Brass Ben Marshall as Gavin Woolley and Paddy Considine as Morell. It marked the screen debut of Considine who went on to star in Meadows' 2004 film Dead Man's Shoes. It was nominated in three categories at the 1999 British Independent Film Awards.
 Bullets don't come back (Greek: Οι Σφαίρες δεν Γυρίζουν Πίσω is a 1967 Greek adventure drama film written and directed by Nikos Foskolos and starring Kostas Kazakos Angelos Antonopoulos and Mema Stathopoulou. It is the first film directed by Foskolos a decision he took after his success writing Blood on the Land. The film is influenced by Spaghetti Western films and is set in the Greek countryside. The film won the best music award in the 8th Thessaloniki Film Festival.
 Collider is a 2013 Irish-Portuguese co-produced science-fiction film. In a post apocalyptic world a group of strangers try to find out what triggered the disaster.
 Chelsea on the Rocks is a documentary film directed by Abel Ferrara about the Hotel Chelsea. It premiered out of competition at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival. The film features Ferrara interviewing people who have and had lived at the hotel and intercutting that dramatized footage of some famous events that took place there. During the film's interviews and docudrama Gaby Hoffmann Dennis Hopper Robert Crumb Adam Goldberg and Bijou Phillips make appearances.
 Where the Sidewalk Ends is a 1950 American film noir directed and produced by Otto Preminger. The screenplay for the film was written by Ben Hecht and adapted by Robert E. Kent Frank P. Rosenberg and Victor Trivas. The screenplay and adaptations were based on the novel Night Cry by William L. Stuart.
 The Bold Bank Robbery is a 1904 short crime film produced and distributed by the Lubin Manufacturing Company. The silent film depicts a group of burglars who plan and execute a successful bank heist. Company employee Jack Frawley was the film's director also coming up with the story and serving as cinematographer; the cast's identities are unknown.
 Thanthram (English: Artifice) is a 1988 Malayalam film directed by Joshi and starring Mammootty in the lead role.
 The Good Shepherd (also known as The Confessor in the United States) is a 2004 drama film directed by Lewis Webb starring Christian Slater Molly Parker and Stephen Rea. The film follows a straying Catholic priest's investigation of a troubled teen's mysterious death. It was released direct-to-video on March 21 2006.
 Jesse Stone: Sea Change is a 2007 American television mystery film directed by Robert Harmon and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the novel Sea Change by Robert B. Parker the film is about the police chief of a small New England town who investigates the unsolved murder of a bank teller shot during a robbery and an alleged rape that draws him into conflict with the town council which hopes to preserve the town's reputation as an ideal seaside resort.
 Never Let Me Go is a 1953 MGM romantic adventure film starring Clark Gable and Gene Tierney. The picture was directed by Delmer Daves produced by Clarence Brown from a screenplay by George Froeschel and Ronald Millar based on the novel Came the Dawn by Roger Bax (aka Andrew Garve/Paul Winterton/Paul Somers).The supporting cast includes Bernard Miles Richard Haydn Belita Kenneth More and Theodore Bikel. The movie was shot at MGM's British studios and on location in Cornwall.
 Article VI: Faith. Politics. America is a documentary film at the intersection of faith politics and bigotry. Religious leaders political pundits and average citizens are asked who has the right to be elected. Has the Founding Fathers' vision of religious freedom been upheld or violated? Article Six of the United States Constitution grants the right that no religious test shall be required to enter into elected public office.
 Sharkwater is a 2006 Canadian documentary film written and directed by Rob Stewart who also narrates it. In the film Stewart seeks to deflate current attitudes about sharks and exposes how the voracious shark-hunting industry is driving them to extinction.
 The Harvey Girls is a 1946 MGM musical film based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Samuel Hopkins Adams about Fred Harvey's famous Harvey House waitresses. Directed by George Sidney the film stars Judy Garland and features John Hodiak Ray Bolger and Angela Lansbury as well as Preston Foster Virginia O'Brien Kenny Baker Marjorie Main and Chill Wills.
 Young Tree (若い樹 Wakai ki) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Ishirō Honda.
 Hind Ka Lal is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940. Hind ka lal was released in 1940.The director of this film is Ramji Arya.
 Pecan Pie (2003) is a short film by Michel Gondry starring Jim Carrey in which the main character drives around the streets in a bed while singing a song in the style of Elvis Presley. It also features French comic duo Éric et Ramzy as the gas station staff.It was attached as a bonus clip in the DVD for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
 Sunshine Cleaning is a 2008 comedy-drama film starring Amy Adams and Emily Blunt. Directed by Christine Jeffs and written by Megan Holley the film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2008. It was purchased by Overture Films for distribution and opened in limited release in the United States on March 13 2009. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 25 2009.
 Angèle is a 1934 French drama film directed produced and written by Marcel Pagnol based on the novel Un de Baumugnes by Jean Giono. It stars Orane Demazis.
 The Librarian: Curse of the Judas Chalice is the third and final film in The Librarian trilogy of movies starring Noah Wyle as a librarian who protects a secret collection of artifacts from Vlad Dracula and his vampire hordes. It is a sequel to 2004's The Librarian: Quest for the Spear and 2006's The Librarian: Return to King Solomon's Mines.
 Never a Dull Moment is a 1950 RKO comedy film starring Irene Dunne and Fred MacMurray. The film is based on the 1943 book Who Could Ask For Anything More? by Kay Swift.
 Sri Ramakrishna Darshanam is a 2012 Singaporean and Indian Tamil and Hindi language biographical film based on the life and philosophy of 19-th century Bengali mystic saint Ramakrishna. The film was directed by G N Dass produced by G.N.D. Vision International Private Limited. The film had screened in Chennai before being shared August 17 as a part of the 150th anniversary of the birth of Swami Vivekananda.
 Bears and Bad Men is a 1918 silent comedy film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Stan Laurel.
 Panic (German:Panik) is a 1928 German silent crime film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel Dary Holm and Eugen Burg. It premiered in on 23 February 1928.
 Sarah and Son is a 1930 American drama film which tells the story of a woman who searches for the son that her abusive husband sold to a wealthy family. It stars Ruth Chatterton Fredric March Fuller Mellish Jr. Gilbert Emery and Doris Lloyd. It was filmed at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles and released by Paramount Pictures.The movie was adapted by Zoë Akins from the novel by Timothy Shea. It was directed by Dorothy Arzner.
 Some Like It Cool is a 1962 film directed by Michael Winner on the then provocative subject of naturism.
 Count Your Change is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Kwaheri also known as Kwaheri: Vanishing Africa or Kwaheri: The Forbidden is a 1964 mondo film directed by David Chudnow and Thor Brooks. The film was a pseudo-documentary about vanishing native tribes in Africa. Kwaheri means Goodbye in Swahili.As the film focused more on the controversial aspects of the tribal societies it gained the attention of exploitation filmmakers including Kroger Babb whose Hallmark Productions distribution company acquired the American rights.
 Churchill's Island (French title: La Forteresse de Churchill) is a 1941 propaganda film chronicling the defence of Great Britain during World War II. The film was directed by Stuart Legg and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).Churchill's Island received the very first Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject awarded at the 14th Academy Awards ceremony in 1941.
 Fall Down Dead is a horror/slasher film released in 2007 starring Dominique Swain and Udo Kier. The storyline involves a metropolitan city in the grip of fear after rolling blackouts bring out a serial killer dubbed The Picasso Killer. One night in the middle of a blackout seven strangers trapped in an office building are targeted by the killer as he seeks out the one that knows his true identity.
 One Missed Call (着信アリ Chakushin ari) is a 2003 Japanese horror film directed by Takashi Miike and written by Minako Daira. The film is based on the novel Chakushin Ari by Yasushi Akimoto. The plot revolves around Yumi Nakamura a young psychology student whose friend Yoko gets an unusual voice message on her cell phone. The message is dated two days in the future and Yoko can hear herself screaming in it.
 Madame Bovary is a 2000 British miniseries directed by Tim Fywell and based on the eponymous novel by 19th-century French author Gustave Flaubert.
 For Ever Mozart is a 1996 feature film directed written and edited by Jean-Luc Godard. The film's title is a bilingual pun intentionally meant to sound like (il) Faut rêver Mozart (Dream Mozart dream in French).
 Thanks of a Grateful Nation is a 1998 original miniseries about the Gulf War.
 Female Cats (女猫 Meneko) is a 1983 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Shingo Yamashiro and starring Ai Saotome.
 This 2002 biographical documentary film traces the life of the American photographer Ansel Adams who was known for his landscape images of the American West. The film is narrated by David Ogden Stiers and features the voices of Josh Hamilton Barbara Feldon and Eli Wallach.
 El Retrato is a 1947 Argentine film.
 The Gun and the Pulpit is a 1974 American television film directed by Daniel Petrie. It was based on Jack Ehrlich's 1972 novel The Fastest Gun in the Pulpit. Filmed at Old Tucson it was a television pilot for a series to star former evangelist Marjoe Gortner.
 Trust is a 2010 American drama film directed by David Schwimmer and based on a screenplay by Andy Bellin and Robert Festinger. It stars Clive Owen Catherine Keener and Liana Liberato.The film is about a teenage girl who becomes a victim of sexual abuse when she befriends a man on the Internet.
 The Parent Trap is a 1998 romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Nancy Meyers and produced and co-written by Charles Shyer.
 Suburban Secrets is a 2004 softcore pornographic film written and directed by Joseph W. Sarno. The film stars Isadora Edison Tina Tyler Kay Kirtland and Chelsea Mundae. Seduction Cinema regular A.J. Khan also appears.
 The Ace of Spades is a 1935 British drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Michael Hogan Dorothy Boyd and Richard Cooper.
 Tom Brown's Schooldays is a 2005 television film adaptation of the Thomas Hughes novel of the same name. It was released on 1 January 2005 and released on DVD 9 days later.
 The City of Children (Greek: Η Πόλη των Παιδιών translit. I poli ton paidion) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Giorgos Gikapeppas.
 El-Banate Dol is an Egyptian 2006 documentary film.
 Future War 198X is a 1982 Japanese anime film.
 Heavenly Music is a 1943 American short fantasy film directed by Josef Berne. It won an Academy Award at the 16th Academy Awards in 1944 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel).
 Oklahoma Territory is a 1960 Western film.
 Garfield in the Rough is a half-hour animated television special based on the Garfield comic strip. It once again featured Lorenzo Music as the voice of Garfield. The special was first broadcast October 26 1984 on CBS. It has been released on both VHS and DVD home video.
 Tú y las nubes (You and the Clouds) is a 1955 Mexican film. It stars Carlos Orellana.
 Orbis Pictus is a 1997 Slovak film starring Dorota Nvotová Marián Labuda Božidara Turzonovová Július Satinský Emília Vášáryová and František Kovár . The film directed by Martin Šulík won Special Award of the Jury at the International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg in Baden-Württemberg Germany as the Best Film in 1997.
 Hellfire is a 1949 western film about a gambler who changes his ways after a preacher sacrifices himself to save his life.
 Shangani Patrol is a war film based upon the non-fiction book A Time to Die by Robert Cary (1968) and the historical accounts of the Shangani Patrol with Brian O'Shaughnessy as Major Allan Wilson and Will Hutchins as the lead Scout Frederick Russell Burnham. Also includes the song Shangani Patrol by Nick Taylor (1966 recording).Under the command of Major Wilson the patrol tracks the fleeing Ndebele King Lobengula across the Shangani River.
 Napoli violenta (English title: Violent Naples also known as Death Dealers) is a poliziottesco film directed by the Italian crime film specialist Umberto Lenzi in 1976. It was released on VHS in the US under the title Violent Protection and in the UK as Sudden Justice.
 Paying Guest is a 1957 Bollywood film directed by Subodh Mukherjee. The film stars Dev Anand and Nutan along with Shobha Khote.The soundtrack composed by Sachin Dev Burman received a degree of popularity and made a lasting impression[citation needed]. The lyrics were written by Majrooh Sultanpuri. Paying Guest was the second hit film of the team of Mukherjee Hussain Dev Anand and S. D. Burman who had combined two years earlier to make the successful Munimji.
 She Knew All the Answers is a 1941 comedy film made by Columbia Pictures directed by Richard Wallace and starring by Joan Bennett and Franchot Tone. The screenplay was written by Kenneth Earl and Curtis Kenyon based on story by Jane Allen and Harry Segall.
 On the Black Hill is a 1987 film directed by Andrew Grieve and based upon the novel of the same name by Bruce Chatwin.Although Bruce Chatwin initially considered his novel about 80 years of rural family life in the Welsh border country unfilmable he changed his mind when he saw how keen director Andrew Grieve was to make it and they went together to see some of the places and meet some of the people that Chatwin had been inspired by.
 Drømmen om kaptein Sabeltanns rike (English: The Dream of Captain Sabertooth's Kingdom) is a 1996 Norwegian children's film written and directed by and starring Terje Formoe. The film is based on the popular children's play character Captain Sabertooth a fictional pirate.
 Obsessed is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Steve Shill. The Rainforest Films production stars Idris Elba Beyoncé and Ali Larter. Obsessed tells the story of Lisa an office temp played by Larter who falls in love with her boss Derek Charles (Elba) and attempts to seduce him. Derek's wife Sharon (Beyoncé) learns of Lisa's obsessive behavior and suspects an affair.
 Jáchyme hoď ho do stroje! is a 1974 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.
 Decoding Deepak is a 2012 feature-length documentary film directed by Gotham Chopra about his father Deepak Chopra. The film is scheduled for U.S. release on October 5 2012. On the same day the film will be released nationwide on video on demand and digital platforms including iTunes Amazon Instant Video VUDU and Xbox Live by SnagFilms a digital distributor of independent films.The film is dedicated to David Simon M.D.
 When Empty Hearts Are Filled is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Louise Lester Vivian Rich and Harry von Meter.
 Love in the Buff (Chinese: 春嬌與志明) is a 2012 film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung and stars Miriam Yeung and Shawn Yue. It is the sequel of Love in a Puff.Miriam Yeung won the Best Actress at the 32nd Hong Kong Film Award.
 Our Beloved Month of August (Portuguese: Aquele Querido Mês de Agosto) is a 2008 Portuguese film directed by Miguel Gomes.
 Madhuraswapnam is a 1977 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by M. Krishnan Nair starring Kamal Haasan Ravikumar and Jayaprabha in lead roles.
 Straight to Hell is a 1987 independent action-comedy film directed by Alex Cox and starring Sy Richardson Joe Strummer (frontman of The Clash) Dick Rude and Courtney Love. The film also features cameos by Dennis Hopper Grace Jones Elvis Costello and Jim Jarmusch. Band members of The Pogues Amazulu and The Circle Jerks are also featured in the film.
 King of Sorrow is a 2007 Canadian television film starring Kim Coates and Lara Daans. It is written produced and directed by Damian Lee.
 Life or Death (Arabic: Hayat ou maut‎) is a 1954 Egyptian film directed by Kamal El Sheikh. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 Destination Moon is a 1950 American science fiction film independently produced by George Pal and shot in Technicolor. The film was directed by Irving Pichel and distributed in the United States and UK by Eagle-Lion Classics. Pal produced the first major U. S. science fiction film to deal with the dangers inherent in space travel and with the possible difficulties of landing on and safely returning from our only satellite.
 The Deadly Trackers is a 1973 American western film directed by Barry Shear and starring Richard Harris Rod Taylor and Al Lettieri. It is based on the novel Riata by Samuel Fuller.
 Maestro Levita is a 1938 Argentine film directed by Luis César Amadori. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 Cougar Club is a 2007 American film directed by Christopher Duddy. The film details the attempts of two college graduates Marshall Hogan III and Spence Holmes to find direction in life. While working as interns for abusive divorce lawyers they come up with a plan to make money from the passion that is Hogan's pride and Spence's secret desire: having sex with cougars—older women looking to have sex with younger men.
 A Single Man is a 2009 drama film based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Isherwood. It is the first film directed by Tom Ford. The film stars Colin Firth who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of George Falconer a depressed gay British university professor living in Southern California in 1962.The film premiered on September 11 2009 at the 66th Venice International Film Festival and went on the film festival circuit.
 Surrender in Paradise is a 1976 Australian film. It has been referred to as Queensland's first alternative film.
 Two Deaths is a 1995 British drama film directed by Nicolas Roeg. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1995 before having a wider release in 1996.
 Sad Movie is a 2005 South Korean romantic melodrama film with a star-studded cast. The film was released in South Korean theaters on October 20 2005 and had a total of 1066765 admissions nationwide.
 Tito and Me (Serbian: Тито и ја Tito i ja) is a 1992 Yugoslavian comedy film by Serbian director Goran Marković. The film was made during one of the most difficult periods in the history of the Balkans. Its quirky humor has marked the beginning of the end for the country it celebrates and mercilessly criticises at the same time.
 Made in Milan is a 1990 short documentary film about fashion designer Giorgio Armani; it shows him preparing for a show and discusses his ideas about fashion his family history and the city of Milan. It was directed by Martin Scorsese. It was Scorsese's first short film since the 1967 The Big Shave his first documentary since the 1978 The Last Waltz and his first (and so far only) documentary short.
 Purno Doirgho Prem Kahini (English: Full Length Love Story) is an 2013 Dhallywood romantic drama film directed by Safi Uddin Safi. The film stars Shakib Khan Joya Ahsan and Arefin Shuvo in lead roles. This is the First collaboration between Khan and Ahsan. Filming began on 4 August 2012 and was wrapped-up by June 2013. The film was released on 16 October 2013 of eid al adha. Upon release the film received positive reviews and was a huge box office success.
 Odd Jobs (also known as Summer Jobs in the United States) is an American comedy film produced by TriStar Pictures and HBO Films and originally released to movie theatres in 1986.
 Journey to the West (Xi You) is a 2014 French-Taiwanese film directed by Tsai Ming-liang. It had its world premiere at the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival on February 2014.
 Best Laid Plans is a 1999 American crime film directed by Mike Barker.
 Into the Sun is a 1992 action comedy film starring Michael Paré and Anthony Michael Hall.
 Adventures in Wild California is a 70mm American documentary film showcasing the scenery and extreme sports found in California. It is narrated by Golden Globe-winning actor Jimmy Smits and was released to IMAX theaters in 2000. The film is directed by Academy Award-nominated director and cinematographer Greg MacGillivray.California's geography and culture - which the film asserts inspires people to take chances is the focus of the documentary.
 Anything Else is a 2003 romantic comedy film. The film was written and directed by Woody Allen produced by his sister Letty Aronson and stars Jason Biggs Christina Ricci Woody Allen Stockard Channing Danny DeVito Jimmy Fallon and KaDee Strickland.Anything Else was the opening-night selection at the 60th annual Venice International Film Festival.
 Andhaman Kaidhi (English: The Prisoner of the Andamans India) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role. The film was released in 1952.
 Decoder is a 1984 West German film directed by Muscha. It is a cyberpunk and counter-cultural film roughly based on the writings of William S. Burroughs who also acts in the film.
 Hollywood Zap! is a 1986 comedy film written and directed by an obscure Canadian film-maker David Cohen (no relation to David X. Cohen) and distributed by Troma Entertainment a company known for its low-budget exploitation films. The film features a large number of unusual character actors including Chuck Mitchell (Porky's) and Tony Cox (Bad Santa).
 Doraemon The Movie: Nobita's Great Battle of the Mermaid King (ドラえもん のび太の人魚大海戦 Doraemon Nobita no Ningyo Daikaisen) also known as Doraemon the Legend 2010 is a 2010 Japanese film based on the manga of the same name. The film was released on March 6 2010.As part of the franchise's 40th anniversary (and the 30th anniversary of the first Doraemon film) it was released in selected Singaporean cinemas on December 9 2010 in Chinese.
 Lost in the Hood is a gay pornographic film directed by Edward James.
 With Every Heartbeat also released as Kiss Me (Swedish: Kyss mig) is a 2011 Swedish drama film directed by Alexandra Therese Keining. The film won the Breakthrough Award at the 2011 AFI Festival.
 The Clean Machine is a 1988 Australian tele movie about police corruption starring Steve Bisley. It was one of four telemovies made by Kennedy Miller around this time.
 Jalte Badan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film about the perils of drug addiction. Kiran (Kiran Kumar) is a young man who goes to Bombay to study. While his university is caught up in a student strike Kiran descends into drug use encouraged by an evil mobster and the peer pressure of his fellow students. Kiran's only hope is that a kindly cabaret dancer Malti (Padma Khanna) will take pity on him and call for his snake charmer girlfriend (Kum Kum) to rescue him with her true love.
 The Master of the World (German: Der Herr der Welt) is a German science fiction movie made in 1934 (released in the US in 1935). Its themes are the replacement of human labor with robotic replacements and the threat to humanity by robots used as war machines. It was directed by Harry Piel and made by Ariel production.
 Winds of Chance is a 1925 American silent film.
 Kalasipalya(Kannada: ಕಲಾಸಿಪಾಳ್ಯ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada romance-action film directed by Om Prakash Rao. It was produced by Ramu under his Ramu Films banner. The film features Darshan and Rakshita in the lead roles. The music is composed by Venkat-Narayan and Sadhu Kokila.The film is inspired by Tamil film Dhool (2003) directed by Dharani and starring Vikram and Jyothika in the lead roles. It also has several scenes inspired from other Tamil films such as Kaakha Kaakha and Arul.
 Agni Pariksha ( or different spell Agni Pareeksha or Agni Pariksha or Agnipariksha Bengali: অগ্নিপরীক্ষা English The Test Of Fire) is 1954 Bengali romantic drama film directed by Agradoot starring Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen.
 The Naked Woman and the Gun (裸女と拳銃 Rajo to kenjū) is a 1957 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki.
 Cops & Robbersons is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Chevy Chase Jack Palance Dianne Wiest and Robert Davi.
 Como gallos de pelea (As Fighting Cocks) is a 1975 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and Valentin Trujillo.
 A Season for Miracles is a 1999 American television film based on a novel by Marilyn Pappano. Directed by Michael Pressman it originally aired on CBS in 1999.
 Stone Bros. is an Australian indigenous stoner comedy film. It was theatrically released in Australia on 24 September 2009.
 The Cap is a 1984 short film directed and written by Robert A. Duncan. The film is based on a short story by Morley Callaghan. The film was produced by Michael MacMillan Seaton McLean Janice Platt Andy Thomson. The production agencies were Atlantis Films Limited and the National Film Board of Canada.
 Ecstasy (Czech: Extase German: Ekstase) is a 1933 Czech romantic drama film directed by Gustav Machatý and starring Hedy Lamarr (as Hedy Kiesler) Aribert Mog and Zvonimir Rogoz. Written by Frantisek Horký Gustav Machatý Jacques A. Koerpel and Robert Horky the film is about a young woman who marries a wealthy but much older man. After abandoning her brief passionless marriage she meets a young virile engineer who becomes her lover.
 Strangers' Meeting is a 1957 film directed by Robert Day. It stars Peter Arne and Delphi Lawrence.
 Paar (translation: The Crossing ) is a 1984 Hindi movie directed by Goutam Ghose. The film stars Shabana Azmi Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri. Naseeruddin Shah won a Volpi Cup for his role as Naurangia. The film was based on Bengali story Paathi by Samaresh Basu.
 Clothes and the Woman is a 1937 British romance film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Rod La Rocque Tucker McGuire and Constance Collier. It was made at Elstree Studios. While enjoying a holiday in the resort of Cannes a young woman meets and falls in love with a man. However worried that she is too plain she decides to dress more fashionably.
 Roommates (Hangul: 디데이; RR: D-day) is a 2006 South Korean film and the third installment of the 4 Horror Tales film series all with different directors but with the same producer; Ahn Byeong-ki.
 Miss Granny (Hangul: 수상한 그녀; RR: Susanghan Geunyeo; lit. Suspicious Girl) is a 2014 South Korean comedy-drama film directed by Hwang Dong-hyuk. Na Moon-hee stars as a woman in her 70s who magically finds herself in the body of her 20-year-old self (Shim Eun-kyung) after having her picture taken at a mysterious photo studio. After opening in theaters on January 22 2014 it became a huge box office hit with 8.65 million tickets sold.
 Thottavadi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1973.
 The 13th Floor is a 1988 horror film starring Miranda Otto.
 Cheyenne is a 1947 film directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Dennis Morgan and Jane Wyman.
 The Quitter is a 1916 silent film western starring Lionel Barrymore which was produced by Rolfe Photoplays and distributed by Metro Pictures.A copy reportedly held at Nederlands Filmmuseum now called EYE Film Institute at Amsterdam.
 The Stepping Stone is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Reginald Barker and Thomas H. Ince. It is a lost film.
 The Artist and the City (Portuguese: O Pintor e a Cidade) is a 1956 short Portuguese documentary film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. The film shows a series of watercolor paintings by Portuguese artist António Cruz of what he sees while walking through different parts of the city of Porto. It was the first color film directed by Oliveira.
 Aagadu is an upcoming Telugu film with action and comedy directed by Srinu Vaitla starring Mahesh Babu and Tamannaah in lead roles. The film is second combination for Mahesh Babu and Srinu Vaitla after Dookudu and the first collaboration of Mahesh Babu with Tamannaah. The soundtrack for the film will be composed by S. Thaman.
 A Light in the Forest is John Carl Buechler's film adaptation of Frank Latino's award winning children's book The Legend of Hollyboy. It starred Lindsay Wagner.
 A is a 1998 Japanese documentary film about the Aum Shinrikyo cult following the arrest of its leaders for instigating the sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995. The film focuses on a young spokesman for the cult Hiroshi Araki a troubled 28 year-old who had severed all family ties and rejected all forms of materialism before joining the sect. Director Tatsuya Mori was allowed exclusive access to Aum's offices for over a year as news media were continually kept out.
 Solo for Sparrow is a 1962 film directed by Gordon Flemyng. It stars Yvonne Buckingham and Michael Caine.
 Bonnie e Clyde all'italiana internationally released as Bonnie and Clyde Italian Style is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
 Shodh is a 1979 Bollywood ghost movie directed by Biplab Roy Chowdhury based on the Bengali book Gorom Bhat O Nichhok Bhooter Goppo (Steaming Rice and a Ghost Story) by Sunil Gangopadhyay.
 Aunt Rachel is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Albert Ward and starring Isobel Elsom Haidee Wright and James Lindsay. The standard of the film's intertitles was criticised.
 Eisenstein is a 2000 Canadian film about Sergei Eisenstein directed by Renny Bartlett and starring Simon McBurney Raymond Coulthard and Jacqueline McKenzie.
 The Star is a 1952 film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Bette Davis Sterling Hayden and Natalie Wood. The plot tells the story of a washed up actress who is desperate to restart her career. Bette Davis received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
 When a Man Sees Red is a 1917 silent film drama produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Frank Lloyd. William Farnum stars in this now lost film. Remade in 1934 as Pursued.Debut film of prolific character actor Frank Ellis.
 Nobel Son is a 2007 American black comedy about a dysfunctional family dealing with the kidnapping of their son for ransom following the father's winning of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. The film features Alan Rickman as the prize-winning professor and Mary Steenburgen as his wife with Bryan Greenberg as their kidnapped son.Principal photography for Nobel Son started on October 6 2005 in Venice Beach California and ended on November 17 2005.
 Chameli Ki Shaadi is a 1986 Bollywood comedy film directed by Basu Chatterjee starring Anil Kapoor and Amrita Singh. The original Story is from the novel of Om Prakash Sharma. The film was declared an all-time blockbuster.
 Big Dreams and Broken Hearts: The Dottie West Story is a 1995 television biopic about the life of country music singer Dottie West portrayed by Michele Lee. Bill D'Elia directed the film which was shot in Nashville TN between 11 July and 4 August 1994.The original air date was 22 January 1995 on the CBS network.
 Pillow Talk is a 1959 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon. It features Rock Hudson Doris Day Tony Randall Thelma Ritter and Nick Adams. The film was written by Russell Rouse Maurice Richlin Stanley Shapiro and Clarence Greene.The film won the Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role (Doris Day) Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Thelma Ritter) Best Art Direction-Set Decoration Color (Richard H.
 For the novel by Gary Paulsen see Murphy's War (novel)Murphy's War is a 1971 war film starring Peter O'Toole. It was directed by Peter Yates and while it has much in common with The African Queen it is based on a novel by Max Catto. The stunning and sweeping cinematography was by Douglas Slocombe.
 Jackie is a 2010 Indian multilingual film directed by Soori and features Kannada actor Puneet Rajkumar and Bhavana Menon in the lead roles. It was released in Kannada on 14 October 2010 to a critical acclaim and was adjudged the Best Film of 2010 at the South Filmfare Awards.
 Superman: Doomsday is a 2007 American direct-to-video animated superhero film adapted from the popular DC Comics storyline The Death of Superman focusing on the supposed death of the superhero Superman. The film is rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America for action violence and is the first in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies line released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation.
 La Vampire Nue (English title: The Nude Vampire)is a 1970 film directed by Jean Rollin and is his second vampire film it concerns a suicide cult led by a mysterious man known as The Master.
 The Man Who Sleeps (French: Un homme qui dort is a 1974 French drama film directed by Bernard Queysanne and Georges Perec based on Perec's 1967 novel A Man Asleep. It uses a second-person narrative. The story deals with a young student (Jacques Speisser) and his alienation as he wanders the streets of Paris. His inner musings are narrated in the form of an unwritten diary by Ludmila Mikael. The protagonist remains silent throughout the film. The film won the Prix Jean Vigo in 1974.
 Screwball Hotel is a 1988 American and British comedy film directed by Rafal Zielinski.
 Bike Squad is a 2008 English television comedy film about a team of bicycle-mounted police.
 Laawaris is a 1999 Indian film directed by Shrikant Sharma. It stars Jackie Shroff Akshaye Khanna Dimple Kapadia and Manisha Koirala.
 Being Elmo: A Puppeteer's Journey is a 2011 American documentary film about Kevin Clash a puppeteer who performed the Sesame Street character Elmo. The film was directed by Constance Marks.
 El Infortunado Fortunato is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Murder at Midnight is a 1931 American murder mystery whodunit directed by Frank R. Strayer.
 The Boss is a 1956 film directed by Byron Haskin. It stars John Payne Gloria McGhee and Doe Avedon.
 The Sign of Venus (Italian: Il segno di Venere) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi and starring Sophia Loren. It was entered into the 1955 Cannes Film Festival.
 S*P*Y*S is a 1974 comedy about two bumbling men who are spies and targeted for elimination by the KGB. The film was directed by Irvin Kershner and stars Elliott Gould Donald Sutherland and Zouzou. The film was screened at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival but wasn't entered into the main competition.The asterisks in the title are designed to remind users of MASH which also starred Gould and Sutherland and whose title is generally rendered with the same asterisks.
 The Walking Stick is a 1967 novel by Winston Graham.The novel was made into a 1970 film directed by Eric Till and starring David Hemmings and Samantha Eggar. Cavatina was used as the film's theme eight years before the piece became famous as the theme for The Deer Hunter.
 Jaws is an American film franchise that consists of a novel four films a theme park ride and other tie-in merchandise. The franchise primarily focuses on a great white shark and its attacks on people in specific areas of the United States. The Brody family is featured in all of the films as the primary antithesis to the shark. The original film was based on a novel written by Peter Benchley which itself was inspired by the Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916.
 Chennai 600028 is a 2007 Tamil sports comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu making his directorial debut. The film stars Jai Shiva Premji Amaran Aravind Akash Nithin Sathya and newcomers Ajay Raj Ranjith Vijay Vasanth Prasanna Inigo Karthik and Arun in the lead along with Vijayalakshmi daughter of National Film Award-winning director Agathiyan and Kristine Zedek making their acting debut as well. The film was produced by S. P. B. Charan along with J. K.
 The Silver Trail is a 1937 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.
 Reverse (original title: Rewers) is a 2009 Polish drama film with a fair portion of black humor directed by Borys Lankosz.
 Merupu Daadi or Merupudadi is a 1984 Action/Drama/Western based Tollywood film directed by Ramachandra Rao P.N. Written and produced by Giri Babu; and Music composed by Ilayaraja. This successful movie was released in the banner of Sri Bramarambika films and was shot in Talakona forests of Chittoor district.
 The Colours (Persian: ...رنگ‌ها Rang-ha...‎) is a 1976 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.
 The Violin (Serbian: Violina) is a 2012 adventure film written & directed by Stefan Stojanović. The story follows young students of music school in their attempt to find the lost Stradivari a perfect violin which according to legend was stolen from Stradivari and is the finest violin ever to exist.
 Moving (Japanese: お引越し translit. Ohikkoshi) is a 1993 Japanese drama film directed by Shinji Sōmai. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 1911 also known as Xinhai Revolution and The 1911 Revolution is a 2011 Chinese historical drama film. The film is a tribute to the 100th anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution. It is also Jackie Chan's 100th film in his career. Besides starring in it Chan is also the executive producer and co-director of the film. Co-stars include Chan's son Jaycee Chan Li Bingbing Winston Chao Joan Chen and Hu Ge. This film was selected to open the 24th Tokyo International Film Festival.
 Legacy is a 1998 U.S. film starring David Hasselhoff and Donita Rose. It was directed by T. J. Scott and written by James Grady and Kevin Lund. After its filming in the Philippines it was released on October 9 1998.
 Teaching Mrs. Tingle is a 1999 black comedy-drama film and the directing debut of screenwriter Kevin Williamson. The film stars Helen Mirren Katie Holmes Marisa Coughlan Barry Watson and Jeffrey Tambor and was released on August 20 1999. It was originally titled Killing Mrs. Tingle but delayed and retitled due to the uproar over teen violence in films after the Columbine High School massacre.
 Private Lives is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Sidney Franklin. The screenplay by Hanns Kräly and Richard Schayer is based on the 1930 play Private Lives by Noël Coward.
 Sentimental (Spanish: Sentimental (requiem para un amigo)) is a 1981 Argentine crime film directed by and starring Sergio Renán. It was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Rotters is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Joe Nightingale Sydney Fairbrother and Sidney Paxton. It was based on a play by H.F. Maltby.
 Idhayakkani Tamil: இதயக்கனி is a 1975 Indian Tamil starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role with Pandari Bai R. S. Manohar and Radha Saluja among others enacting supporting roles. The film is known for political dialogues and songs.
 Garuda Garvabhangam is a 1936 Tamil-language film starring M. D. Parthasarathy M. S. Mohanambal Serukulathur Sama Vidwan Srinivasan T. S. Mani Vimala and M. D. Subramania Mudaliar. It was directed by R. Padmanaban.
 The Last Hard Men is a 1976 prison break film directed by Andrew McLaglen based on the book by Brian Garfield. It stars Charlton Heston and James Coburn. It would also feature a screen debut from Larry Wilcox who would later star on the TV show CHiPs.
 Kumari was the first Eastman color Nepali film released in 1977.
 Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a 2005 American romantic comedy action film directed by Doug Liman and written by Simon Kinberg. The original music score was composed by John Powell.
 Anatahan (アナタハン) also known as The Saga of Anatahan is a 1953 black-and-white Japanese film war drama directed by Josef von Sternberg.It was the final work directed by noted Hollywood director Josef von Sternberg (although Jet Pilot was released later). Von Sternberg had an unusually high degree of control over the film made outside the studio system which allowed him to not only direct but also write photograph and narrate the action.
 The Romance of Hine-Moa is a 1927 British film set in New Zealand directed and produced for Gaumont British by Gustav Pauli. It is now lost. The trade journal Bioscope said it was a charming love story illustrating an old Maori legend acted entirely by Maoris in beautiful and interesting native surroundongs.
 The Crusader is a 1932 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Kamen Rider OOO Wonderful the Movie: The Shogun and the 21 Core Medals (劇場版 仮面ライダーオーズ　WONDERFUL　将軍と２１のコアメダル Gekijōban Kamen Raidā Ōzu Wandafuru: Shōgun to Nijū-ichi no Koa Medaru) is the film adaptation of the 2010 & 2011 Kamen Rider Series drama Kamen Rider OOO. The film was released on August 6 2011 alongside the film for Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger the Movie: The Flying Ghost Ship.
 El Hermoso Brummel is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Murder by Contract is a 1958 film noir directed by Irving Lerner. Academy Award-nominated screenwriter Ben Maddow did uncredited work on the film. Centering around an existentialist hit man assigned to kill a woman the film is often praised for its spare style and peculiar sense of cool.Though not widely seen at the time of its release it finally appeared on DVD included in the boxed set Columbia Pictures Film Noir Classics Vol.
 The Summertime Killer (also known as Target Removed) is a 1973 crime film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Olivia Hussey.
 Waste Land is a feature documentary film that premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival and went on to be nominated for the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards as well as win over 50 other film awards including the International Documentary Association's Best Documentary Award which was handed to director Lucy Walker inside a garbage bag.Waste Land is the uplifting story of artist Vik Muniz who travels to the world's largest landfill Jardim Gramacho outside Rio de Janeiro to collaborate with a lively group of catadores or pickers of recyclable materials who find a way to the most prestigious auction house in London via the surprising transformation of refuse into contemporary art. 
 The documentary In the Mirror of Maya Deren (Im Spiegel der Maya Deren 2002) is a film about avant garde filmmaker Maya Deren (1917-1961) by Austrian film maker Martina Kudlacek. It is based on the biography The Legend of Maya Deren.The soundtrack to this documentary was made by the avant-garde composer John Zorn.
 Gordy is a 1995 American family comedy-drama film about a piglet named Gordy who searches for his missing family (who are taken away to a slaughterhouse in Omaha). Gordy experiences the lives of others who are part of the film's side plots including traveling country music singers Luke McAllister and his daughter Jinnie Sue; and lonely boy Hanky Royce whose mother is engaged to a sinister businessman Gilbert Sipes.
 Drona is a Telugu film starring Nitin Priyamani Kelly Dorjee Mukhesh Rishi Sita Sunil Raghubabu directed by Karunakumar. Produced by DS Rao and music composed by Anoop Rubens. The film released in 2009. In spite of publicity stunts like Priyamani's bikini act the film turned out to be an average flick at the box-office.
 Kalithozhi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Uncovered is a 1994 film based on Arturo Pérez-Reverte's The Flanders Panel. It was directed by Jim McBride. The leading actress was Kate Beckinsale as the main character Julia.
 Hi'-Neighbor! is a 1934 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer it was the 126th Our Gang short to be released and Meins' first series entry as director.
 Moon Child (Spanish: El niño de la luna) is a 1989 Spanish fantasy film directed by Agustí Villaronga. It was entered into the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
 Amazing Grace is a 1992 Israeli film directed by Amos Guttman.It is one of the few Israeli films dealing with gay subjects and the only one so far which has dared to deal with AIDS. The film includes a biography details the life of Guttman and it was his last film before he died of AIDS.
 Rowdy is a 2014 Telugu crime film written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma. It stars Mohan Babu and his elder son Vishnu Manchu with Jayasudha and Shanvi Srivastav in important roles. Sai Kartik composed the music for this film while Satish Mutyala handled the cinematography.
 Daag: The Fire is a 1999 Hindi-language Bollywood film written produced and directed by Raj Kanwar starring Sanjay Dutt Chandrachur Singh and Mahima Chaudhry in the lead roles. The film was a box-office success.
 Truth in the Wilderness is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring Charlotte Burton and George Periolat J. Warren Kerrigan and Jack Richardson. Also starring Lillian Leighton and Vivian Rich.
 Dager fra 1000 år (English: Days from 1000 years) is a 1970 Norwegian anthology film written and directed by Anja Breien Egil Kolstø and Espen Thorstenson. These three young directors got a chance to each contribute to a segment of a featured film. The three episodes take place in the past the present and the future.
 Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal is a 1985 Tamil film is directed by Balu Mahendra. It stars Rajinikanth and Madhavi in the lead with Y. Gee. Mahendra in a prominent role. Rajinikanth plays the role of a police officer and Madhavi as his wife. Rajini succeeded at the box office.
 Cat vs. Rat is a Shaw Brothers martial arts-comedy film directed by Lau Kar Leung starring Alexander Fu Adam Cheng Kara Hui and Hsiao Ho. The plot is loosely based on the 19th century wuxia classic novel The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants.
 Adela is a 2008 Filipino drama independent film starring the Philippine Screen Legend veteran actress Anita Linda.
 The Man Who Wouldn't Die is a 1995 action mystery film by director Bill Condon. The film which aired as a movie of the week during the May Sweeps in 1995 stars Roger Moore Nancy Allen and Malcolm McDowell. Internationally it received either a theatrical or direct-to-video release.
 Blackbeard's Ghost is a 1968 live-action fantasy comedy Disney film starring Peter Ustinov Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette directed by Robert Stevenson. It is based upon the novel of the same name by Ben Stahl and was shot at the Walt Disney Studios. The Disney Channel aired this film until the late 1990s.
 Sagla Karun Bhagle is a Marathi movie released on 2 December 2011. Produced by Saurabh Kulkarni and directed by Vijay Patkar. The movie is laughter riot based on alcoholism and its addiction.
 I Wanted Wings is a 1941 American drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Ray Milland and William Holden. It also stars Wayne Morris Brian Donlevy Constance Moore and Veronica Lake. Production began in the summer of 1940 at Randolph Field near San Antonio Texas. The United States Army Air Corps provided 1160 airplanes 1050 cadets 450 officers and instructors and 2543 enlisted men for the film.
 Il maestro di Vigevano (internationally released as The Teacher from Vigevano) is a 1963 Italian comedy drama film directed by Elio Petri. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Lucio Mastronardi.
 Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster film directed by Guillermo del Toro and starring Charlie Hunnam Idris Elba Rinko Kikuchi Charlie Day Robert Kazinsky Max Martini and Ron Perlman. The screenplay is by Travis Beacham and del Toro with a story by Beacham. The film is set in the 2020s when Earth is at war with the Kaijus colossal monsters which have emerged from an interdimensional portal on the bottom of the Pacific Ocean.
 Il Sentiero dell'odio is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Sergio Grieco in his directoral debut.
 Tormented is a 1960 horror movie directed and produced by Bert I. Gordon for Allied Artists Pictures Corporation and starring Richard Carlson. The film was featured in the fourth season of the television series Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K).
 L'impossible Monsieur Pipelet English: The Impossible Mr. Pipelet is a French comedy drama film from 1955 directed by André Hunebelle written by Jacques Gut starring Michel Simon and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles The Impossible Mr. Pipelet (international English title) Ma fille et ses amours Belgium French title) Mijn dochter is verliefd (Belgium Flemish title).
 Desh Bhakta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1940.
 Olgas Sommer is a 2004 German drama film directed by Nina Grosse. It was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Samantharam (English: Parallel) is a 1985 Malayalam film by John C. Sankaramangalam. Soorya Babu Namboothiri Sai Das and Balan play the lead roles.
 Fists in the Pocket (I pugni in tasca) is a 1965 Italian film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It was Bellocchio's debut film.
 The Rocking Horse Winner is a 1949 fantasy film about a young boy who can pick winners in horse races with complete accuracy. It is an adaptation of the D. H. Lawrence short story The Rocking-Horse Winner and starred Valerie Hobson John Howard Davies and Ronald Squire. Producer of the film John Mills also acted in the film.
 Millennium Mambo (Chinese: 千禧曼波; pinyin: Qiānxī Mànbō) directed by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien is a 2001 film.
 Cimarron is a 1960 western film based on the Edna Ferber novel Cimarron featuring Glenn Ford and Maria Schell. It was directed by Anthony Mann known for his westerns and film noirs.Ferber's novel was previously adapted in 1931; that version won three Academy Awards. Cimarron was the first of three epics (the others being El Cid and The Fall of the Roman Empire) Mann directed.
 Just One Time is a 1999 feature length comedy film written and directed by Lane Janger. It is also a 1998 short film by the same director on which the long feature was based on.
 Raising Helen is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Garry Marshall and written by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler. It stars Kate Hudson John Corbett Joan Cusack Hayden Panettiere siblings Spencer and Abigail Breslin with Helen Mirren. It grossed $37486138 in its domestic box office.
 Khazana is a 1987 Hindi Suspense film directed by Harmesh Malhotra and produced by Subhash Kapoor. The film features Randhir Kapoor Rekha and Bindu as main characters and Jeetendra and Rishi Kapoor have special appearance.
 Malta Story is a 1953 British war film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst which is based on the heroic air defence of Malta during the Siege of Malta in the Second World War. The film uses real and unique footage of the locations at which the battles were fought and includes a love story between a RAF pilot and a Maltese girl as well as the anticipated execution of her brother caught as an Italian spy. The character of Peter Ross is apparently loosely based on that of Adrian Warburton.
 To celebrate its 50th anniversary year ESO in 2012 released the documentary Europe to the Stars — ESO's first 50 years of Exploring the Southern Sky. The movie tells the story of ESO — what scientific discoveries it has been making and how it designs builds and operates some of the most powerful ground-based telescopes.The movie consists of eight chapters each focusing on an aspect of an observatory while also offering a broader view on how astronomy is made.
 Played is a 2006 crime film produced by Caspar von Winterfeldt Nick Simunek and Mick Rossi executive produced by John Daly co-produced by Nigel Mead and Lenny Bitondo written by Sean Stanek and Mick Rossi and directed by Sean Stanek.
 Surrender is a 1987 film comedy written and directed by Jerry Belson. It stars Sally Field Michael Caine Steve Guttenberg and Iman. This was Jackie Cooper's final film before his death in 2011.
 Jennifer is a 1953 film directed by Joel Newton and starring Ida Lupino Howard Duff and Robert Nichols.
 Return to Nuke 'Em High Vol.1 is a 2013 American science fiction comedy horror film made by the cult classic B-movie production group Troma Entertainment. It is directed by Troma co-founder Lloyd Kaufman and the fourth in the Nuke 'Em High film series.
 Prime Cut is a 1972 American film produced by Joe Wizan and directed by Michael Ritchie with a screenplay written by Robert Dillon. The movie stars Lee Marvin as a mob enforcer from Chicago sent to Kansas to collect a debt from a meatpacker boss played by Gene Hackman. Sissy Spacek appears in her first credited on-screen role as a young orphan sold into prostitution.
 Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star is a 2011 American comedy film produced by Happy Madison Productions and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Adam Sandler Allen Covert and Nick Swardson (who is also the film's lead actor) co-wrote the script and Tom Brady directed. It was released on September 9 2011. It was a major box office failure and was panned by every film critic earning a 0% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Conflict is a 1936 American drama film based on a novel by Jack London and a silent movie both titled The Abysmal Brute. The film stars John Wayne Ward Bond and Jean Rogers.
 Viva Max! is a 1969 comedy film starring Peter Ustinov Jonathan Winters and John Astin directed by Jerry Paris. The film was written by Elliott Baker and based on a 1966 novel by Jim Lehrer.
 A Woman Called Sada Abe (実録阿部定 Jitsuroku Abe Sada) aka Sada Abe: A Docu-Drama (1975) is a Roman porno version of the Sada Abe story directed by Noboru Tanaka.It is based on the true story of a woman who strangled her lover during a love-making session then severed his penis which she carried with her until her arrest. The story became a national sensation in Japan in 1936 developing mythic overtones and has since been interpreted by artists philosophers novelists and filmmakers.
 Weißes Blut is an East German film. It was released in 1959.
 S.P. Parashuram (Telugu: ఎస్.పి. పరశురాం) is a 1994 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty and produced by Allu Aravind starring Chiranjeevi Sridevi Devaraj and Harish Kumar in lead roles.This film was a remake of Tamil blockbuster Walter Vetrivel starring Sathyaraj. The Hindi dubbed version is titled Azaad Desh Ka Andhaa Kanoon in spite of being remade in Hindi as Khuddar starring Govinda and Karishma Kapoor .
 Beyond is a 1921 silent film drama set in part in New Zealand. Ethel Clayton stars and William Desmond Taylor directed.This film is possibly an original story by Julia Crawford Ivers. There is some issue with who authored the play which this film is supposedly based. Titled The Lifted Veil there's no evidence Henry Arthur Jones wrote a play of this name hence sources could be referring to Basil King who authored a novel of this title.
 The Thursday (Italian: Il giovedì) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 This Movie Is Broken is a film by Canadian director Bruce McDonald released in 2010.
 Khadgam (Telugu: ఖడ్గం; English: Sword) is a 2002 Telugu language Patriotic movie produced by Sunkara Madhu Murali under Karthikeya Movies banner. The film features Srikanth Ravi Teja Prakash Raj Sangeetha Sonali Bendre and Kim Sharma in the lead roles. Music has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The movie released on 29 November 2002 was a blockbuster. Krishna Vamsi has directed the movie. Lyrics are penned by Sirivennela Sitaramasastri Suddala Ashok Teja and Shakti.
 The Girls Are Willing (Danish: Guld og grønne skove) is a 1958 Danish film directed by Gabriel Axel. It was chosen as Denmark's official submission to the 31st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Young Violent Dangerous (Italian: Liberi armati pericolosi also known as Young Violent and Desperate) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Romolo Guerrieri.
 The Informers (USA title - Underworld Informers) is a 1963 British crime film produced and distributed in the UK by The Rank Organisation and distributed in the USA by Continental Film Distributors. It was directed by Ken Annakin produced by William MacQuitty with the screenplay by Paul Durst and Alun Falconer from the novel Death of a Snout by Douglas Warner. It starred Nigel Patrick Margaret Whiting Harry Andrews Derren Nesbitt and Colin Blakely. Cinematography was by Reginald H. Wyer.
 Black Snow (Chinese: 本命年; pinyin: běn mìng nián) is a 1990 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei. It was written and adapted from a novel by Liu Heng. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding single achievement.
 Eva (German: Die Halbzarte) is a 1958 Austrian comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 Indie Game: The Movie is a 2012 documentary film by Canadian filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot. The film documents the struggles of independent game developers Edmund McMillen and Tommy Refenes during the development of Super Meat Boy Phil Fish during the development of Fez and also Jonathan Blow who reflects on the success of Braid.After two successful Kickstarter funds interviews were conducted with prominent indie developers within the community.
 Night Train to Venice is a 1996 German contemporary Gothic-horror film directed by Carlo U. Quinterio. This international production was a cooperation of British Italian and German artists including Hugh Grant Malcolm McDowell Tahnee Welch Alaïs Adell Evelyn Opela Angelina Amaris Kristina Söderbaum and Rachel Rice (Big Brother 9 winner).The film has been criticized for the non-linear plot it follows and the obvious references to the Gothic genre.
 The Joke's on You is a 1925 comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe (Russian: Баллада о доблестном рыцаре Айвенго) is a 1983 Soviet film based on the novel Ivanhoe by Walter Scott. It reached the 9th place in Soviet box office distribution of 1983 with 28.4 million viewers.The filming took place in Khotyn Fortress and Kamianets-Podilskyi Castle.The movie features songs originally written and performed by Vladimir Vysotsky for another movie The Arrows of Robin Hood but removed from the latter for political reasons.
 Le casseur de pierres is a 1989 Tunisian short drama film directed by Mohamed Zran. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Cost of Living is a British physical theatre dance film made in 2004 by DV8 Films Ltd. and Channel 4. It is an adaptation of a stage production by DV8 Physical Theatre. Directed by Lloyd Newson the founder of DV8 Physical Theatre the film uses dance dialogue and physical theatre to tell the story of two street performers and their interaction with other performers in Cromer a seaside resort town at the end of the summer season. The film has won a number of awards.
 Jokefalls is a 2004 Indian Kannada-language comedy movie directed by Ashok Patil and produced by Atlanta Nagendra. Music was composed by Mano Murthy.
 Mangamma is a 1997 Malayalam film written and directed by T. V. Chandran and produced by National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC). It stars Revathi Nedumudi Venu Vijayaraghavan and Thilakan in major roles.The film met with critical acclaim. T. V. Chandran won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Director. The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. Revathi's performance is widely regarded as one of the best in her career.
 Something to Believe In is a 1998 film directed by John Hough.
 Amsterdamned is a 1988 Dutch horror movie about a serial killer who hides in the canal system of Amsterdam. The film was directed and written by Dick Maas and stars Huub Stapel Monique van de Ven and Serge-Henri Valcke.The film revolves around a serial killer who uses the famed canals of the Dutch capital to strike random people. A hard boiled detective in charge of the case teams up with an old friend to stop the killer.
 The Natural History of Parking Lots is a 1990 American independent film written and directed by Everett Lewis. It tells the story of two estranged brothers who seek to reconcile their relationship against a background of criminal activity and violence. The film is Lewis' feature film debut.
 Chandra is a 2013 and 2014 Indian fantasyfilm simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. Directed by Roopa Iyer it features Shriya Saran and Prem Kumar in the lead roles. The film deals with the life of a last generation princess and her love story. Chandra is a joint production of India Classic Arts and Narasimha Arts.The film was released on 27 June 2013 to positive reviews and emerged as a commercial success also becoming one of the highest grossing kannada films at its time.
 Un Soir de Joie (French; literally An Evening of Joy) is a Belgian comic film directed by Gaston Schoukens and released in 1954.The film's plot takes place during the German occupation of Belgium in World War II and focuses on the so-called Faux Soir a satirical version of the German controlled newspaper Le Soir (The Evening [News]) produced by the Belgian Resistance. The film's title is thus a pun referring both to An evening of joy and a Le Soir of joy.
 The Dark Hour (original title: La Hora Fría) is a Spanish science fiction film produced in 2007 written and directed by Elio Quiroga and produced by Eqlipse Producciones Cinematográficas with Margaret Nicoll Jérôme Debève and Juan A. Ruiz as associate producers.
 Friendly Fire is a 2006 film written and directed by Sean Lennon and Michele Civetta. It accompanies Sean Lennon's 2006 album of the same name (as a DVD). The film comprises 10 music videos one for each song on the album (with non-album tracks and dialog used during intermission scenes). Friendly Fire stars Lennon himself playing a wide range of roles along with various friends and actors such as Bijou Phillips Lindsay Lohan Carrie Fisher and Jordan Galland.
 The Morals of Marcus(1915) is a lost silent film comedy-drama produced by the Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1905 novel by William John Locke The Morals of Marcus Ordeyne which was later produced on Broadway in 1907. The star of the play was Marie Doro who makes her motion picture debut in this film version. Both Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford take part in the direction of the film.
 Pedro Páramo is a 1967 Mexican drama film directed by Carlos Velo. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the short novel of the same name.
 The Engagement Ring (Azerbaijani: Bəxt üzüyü) is a full-length Azerbaijani comedy film released in 1991. The film plot is based on the same-titled novel by Azerbaijani writer Vagif Samadoghlu.
 Doin' Their Bit is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. This was the first short with Herbert Glazer as Our Gang's regular director. It was the 207th Our Gang short (208th episode 119th talking short 120th talking episode and 39th MGM produced episode) that was released.
 India Song is a 1975 French drama film directed by Marguerite Duras. India Song stars Delphine Seyrig Michel Lonsdale Mathieu Carrière Claude Mann Vernon Dobtcheff and Didier Flamand. The film centres on Anne-Marie (Seyrig) the promiscuous wife of the French Vice-Consul in India and was based on an unproduced play written by Duras. Although set in India the film was shot mostly on location in a mansion in Paris.
 The Legend Is Born – Ip Man is a 2010 Hong Kong semi-biographical martial arts film based on the early life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man directed by Herman Yau and starring Dennis To in the titular role. Though not made in collaboration with Wilson Yip's Ip Man or Ip Man 2 The Legend is Born features several actors who appeared in Yip's films including Sammo Hung Louis Fan and Chen Zhihui. The film also features a special appearance by Ip Chun the son of Ip Man.
 The Youngest Profession is a 1943 film directed by Edward Buzzell and starring Virginia Weidler Edward Arnold John Carroll Scotty Beckett and Agnes Moorehead. It contains cameos by Greer Garson Lana Turner William Powell Walter Pidgeon and Robert Taylor.
 Going to Pieces: The Rise and Fall of the Slasher Film is a 2006 documentary film about slasher films. It makes reference to many popular horror and thriller films.
 Bulldog Drummond's Secret Police is a 1939 American country house murder mystery film directed by James Patrick Hogan based on the H. C. McNeile novel Temple Tower.
 En Aasai Rasave is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Kasthuri Raja. The film features Sivaji Ganesan and Murali in the lead roles while Raadhika Roja and Suvalakshmi all play other supporting roles. The film which focussed on the lives of street dancers released in August 1998.
 Seeing Is Believing: Handicams Human Rights and the News is a 2002 Canadian documentary film co-directed by Katerina Cizek and Peter Wintonick about the impact of camcorders and digital media on citizen media creation and grassroots democracy.The one-hour documentary focuses on Joey Lozano a videographer helping a tribe in the rural southern Philippines where business interests are taking precedence over human rights.
 Memsaab is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Atma Ram. The film stars Vinod Khanna and Yogeeta Bali.
 Ungeküsst soll man nicht schlafen gehn (You should not go to sleep unkissed) also known as Wer zuletzt küsst... (He Who Kisses Last...) is a 1936 Austrian comedy film. The screenplay was written by Fritz Koselka the title song was composed by Robert Stolz and the movie was directed by E. W. Emo.The film shot in black and white starred three of the most popular German-speaking comedians of the time—Hans Moser Heinz Rühmann and Theo Lingen.
 Malaya Marutha is a 1986 Musical Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan Saritha and Madhavi in the lead roles. The film was directed and written by Lalitha Ravi and produced by C. V. L Shastry under Shastry Movies production house. Vijaya Bhaskar has composed the soundtrack and the background score.
 Bandido (Bandit) is a 2004 action film written by Scott Duncan and Carlos Gallardo and directed by Roger Christian. The story revolves around the CIA framing skilled thief Max Cruz aka Bandido (Gallardo) in order to gain his cooperation in helping them recover intelligence data that was stolen by Beno Gildemontes (Kim Coates) a Mexican Crime lord.
 Who Makes Me Crazy (Hangul: 누가 나를 미치게 하는가; RR: Nuga Nareul Michige Haneunga) is a 1995 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Lee Byung-hun and Choi Jin-shil.
 Disney's Little Einsteins: Our Huge Adventure is a 2005 direct-to-DVD musical adventure film from Walt Disney Home Entertainment. The film later turned into the TV series Little Einsteins.
 Kick is a Telugu film directed by Surender Reddy and released on 8 May 2009 and starring Ravi Teja Ileana D'Cruz Shaam Kota Srinivasa Rao Brahmanandam Venu Madhav Sayaji Shinde Jaya Prakash Reddy and Ali. The film's music was composed by Thaman. It was remade in Tamil as Thillalangadi and also being remade in Hindi with same title with Salman Khan and Jacqueline Fernandez in Teja's and D'Cruz roles .
 D-Day Remembered is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Repo! The Genetic Opera is a 2008 American horror-rock opera musical film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman.
 For other meanings see Surrogate (disambiguation)The Surrogate is a 1995 television movie drama directed by Jan Egleson and Raymond Hartung and aired on ABC. The movie had a limited VHS release in the United Kingdom in April 1996. It has also been released on video in Asia.The film centers around the young and talented student Amy (Alyssa Milano) who replies on an innocent advertisement for a rental place. Here she meets Stuart and Joan Quinn.
 Ankit Pallavi & Friends is a Telugu-language Indian film released in 2008. Set in contemporary times it follows the lives of five friends pursuing their post-college dreams tracing their friendships love lives and careers.The film also focusses on the love story between the two leads Nikhil Siddharth (of Happy Days fame) and Megha (of Bru commercial fame). A main theme attained by the end of the film is the source of true happiness for each of its lead characters.
 Kes is a 1969 drama film directed by Ken Loach and produced by Tony Garnett. The film is based on the 1968 novel A Kestrel for a Knave written by the Barnsley-born author Barry Hines. The film is ranked seventh in the British Film Institute's Top Ten (British) Films and among the top ten in its list of the 50 films you should see by the age of 14.
 Games Gamblers Play (Chinese: 鬼馬雙星) is a 1974 Hong Kong film directed by Michael Hui with action direction by Sammo Hung.
 Vaanampadi is a Tamil language film released in 1963. It stars S.S.Rajendran and R.Muthuramandevika in the lead roles. The film also has Kamal Hassan as a 8 year old Son of T.R.Rajakumari Sheela
 Teree Sang (Hindi: तेरी संग) is a 2009 Hindi film directed by Satish Kaushik starring Ruslaan Mumtaz (previously seen in MP3 - Mera Pehla Pehla Pyaar) and Sheena Shahabadi in her first role. Teree Sang explores the issue of teen pregnancy.
 A Romance in Flanders is a 1937 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Paul Cavanagh Marcelle Chantal Olga Lindo and Alastair Sim. It is set during the First World War with the British Expeditionary Force in Flanders. It was also released as Lost on the Western Front.
 When We Were Kings is a 1996 documentary film directed by Leon Gast about the famous Rumble in the Jungle heavyweight championship match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman. The fight was held in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo) on October 30 1974.The film features a number of celebrities including James Brown Jim Brown B.B. King Norman Mailer George Plimpton Spike Lee and Thomas Hauser.
 Shark's Paradise is a 1986 Australian TV film about police on the Gold Coast. It was heavily influenced by Miami Vice.
 Ricomincio da tre (internationally released as I'm Starting from Three and Starting from Three) is a 1981 Italian comedy film written directed and starred by Massimo Troisi at his film debut. The film was awarded with two David di Donatello awards for Best Film and for Best Actor.
 Menno's Mind is a 1997 film directed by Jon Kroll and starring Billy Campbell Stephanie Romanov Corbin Bernsen Michael Dorn and Bruce Campbell. In this movie a computer programmer at a virtual reality resort contends with terrorists.The screenplay was written by Mark Valenti.
 A Miser Brothers' Christmas is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special The Year Without a Santa Claus. It is the final television special by Rankin-Bass. Distributed by Warner Bros.
 The Flower of My Secret (Spanish: La flor de mi secreto) is a 1995 film by Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar.
 Sentenced to Death (Hungarian: A halálraítélt) is a 1989 Hungarian drama film directed by János Zsombolyai. It was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rethink Afghanistan is a 2009 documentary by Robert Greenwald and Brave New Films about the US military presence in Afghanistan following the terrorist attacks of September 11 2001.Produced and released eight years into the war at a time when Congress was considering sending tens of thousands of new troops to Afghanistan the film asks the American public to reconsider basic questions about the conflict such as how much will it cost in lives and money? How long will Americans troops be there? How do we know if we’ve won? What is our exit strategy?The film was initially made available for free online in six consecutive chapters. 
 Son of the Guardsman is a 1946 Columbia film serial. It was the 31st of the 57 serials produced by that studio.Son of the Guardsman is a rare serial with a period setting in this case 12th century England. The serial is largely based on the Robin Hood legends to the extent of including outlaws from Sherwood Forest but it does not include or reference Robin Hood himself.The serial was produced by the notoriously cheap Sam Katzman and directed by Derwin Abrahams.
 The Magic Aster (马兰花; Ma Lan Hua) is a Chinese animated film released June 19 2009 by Shanghai Animation Film Studio Xiamen Shangchen Science and Technology company and the Shanghai Chengtai investment management company.
 Baa Baaro Rasika (Kannada: ಬಾ ಬಾರೋ ರಸಿಕ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada-language romantic film starring Sunil Raoh Ramya Krishna and Ashitha in the lead roles. The film is directed by Dayal Padmanabhan and produced by Prasad Reddy and Sayendra Reddy for Shanti Shree creations banner. The film features a soundtrack by Mahesh.The film was dubbed to Telugu as Vayasu Pilichindi.
 Joanne Lees: Murder in the Outback (also known as Murder in the Outback) is a television film produced by Channel Ten and ITV Productions which first aired in Australia on Channel Ten on 18 March 2007 and in the UK on ITV on Sunday 8 April where it was titled Murder In The Outback. It is based on the real life disappearance of Peter Falconio.
 Jathara is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Un maledetto imbroglio also known as The Facts of Murder is a 1959 Italian crime film mystery directed by and starring Pietro Germi with Claudia Cardinale. The film is based on the novel by Carlo Emilio Gadda Quer pasticciaccio brutto de via Merulana. The film was restored and re-released in 1999 both in Italy and the USA.
 America's Music: The Roots of Country is a 1996 three-part six episode documentary about the history of American country music directed by Tom Neff and Jerry Aronson and written by Neff and Robert K. Oermann. The film touches on many of the styles of music that make up country music including: Old-time music Cajun music Folk music Rockabilly Western music Western swing the Bakersfield sound Honky-tonk and the Nashville sound.
 Coffee Town is a 2013 comedy film. The first feature film from CollegeHumor it was released on July 9 2013 on digital platforms and in select theatrical engagements leading up to a festival premiere on July 27 2013 at Just For Laughs in Montreal.
 Naalu Pennungal (Four Women Malayalam: നാല് പെണ്ണുങ്ങള്‍) is a 2007 Malayalam film produced and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan based on four short stories written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai. The film stars Padmapriya Geethu Mohandas Manju Pillai and Nandita Das in the major roles and KPAC Lalitha Mukesh Manoj K. Jayan Sona Nair Sreejith Ravi Ravi Vallathol Nandulal Remya Nabeeshan P. Sreekumar M. R.
 Salvador (Puig Antich) (or Salvador) is a 2006 Spanish film directed by Manuel Huerga. It is based on the Francesc Escribano book Compte enrere. La història de Salvador Puig Antich which describes the execution of Salvador Puig Antich the last person executed by garrote under the dictatorship of Francisco Franco.The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Last Bridge (German: Die Letzte Brücke) is a 1954 Austrian drama film directed by Helmut Käutner. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Tanda Putera (English: Mark of Prince) is a 2013 Malaysian film directed by Shuhaimi Baba. The film is set to be released in Malaysia on 13 September 2012 but delayed until 29 August 2013 The fictional biographical film about the 2nd prime minister of Malaysia Tun Abdul Razak (Father of current Prime Minister Najib Razak) and his then deputy Tun Dr Ismail set around the time after the 1969 racial riots. It is a Shuhaimi Baba's sequel film to 1957: Hati Malaya in 2007.
 The Reunion (Danish: Klassefesten) is a 2011 Danish comedy film directed by Niels Nørløv.
 Music by Prudence is a 2010 short documentary film directed by Roger Ross Williams. It tells the uplifting story of the now 24-year-old Zimbabwean singer-songwriter Prudence Mabhena and follows her remarkable transcendence from a world of hatred and superstition into one of music love and possibilities.Music by Prudence won the 2010 Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject). The film premiered on HBO on May 12 2010.
 Crazy like a Fox is a 1926 short film starring Charley Chase. The two-reel silent comedy stars Chase as a young man who feigns insanity in order to get out of an arranged marriage only to find out that his sweetheart is the girl he has been arranged to marry. Chase would remake the film as The Wrong Miss Wright (1937) in the sound era during his tenure at Columbia Pictures.The film features Oliver Hardy in a small role filmed shortly before his teaming with Stan Laurel.
 Ten Tiny Love Stories is a 2001 drama film directed by Rodrigo García. It stars Lisa Gay Hamilton and Radha Mitchell. The film is a series of ten monologues about love in its different forms.
 Immortal (French: Immortel ad vitam) is a 2004 English language French-produced live-action and animated science fiction film directed by Enki Bilal and loosely based upon his comic book La Foire aux immortels (The Carnival of Immortals). It was one of the first major films (along with Casshern and Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow) to be shot entirely on a digital backlot blending live actors with computer generated surroundings.
 Goin' South is an American western-comedy film directed by and starring Jack Nicholson. The 1978 film also starred Mary Steenburgen in her film debut and included Christopher Lloyd John Belushi (also in his movie debut) Richard Bradford Veronica Cartwright Danny DeVito and Ed Begley Jr. As the film begins the Paramount logo sequence plays in reverse.
 Man with Two Lives is a 1942 American film directed by Phil Rosen and written by Joseph Hoffman.
 Karayuki-san the Making of a Prostitute is a 1975 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura. It is a documentary on one of the Japanese karayuki-san who were women who left their homes in Japan to work as prostitutes in Japanese-occupied territories during World War II. Many of these women were told that they were doing this to support their families because of the extreme poverty in wartime Japan. Imamura focuses on one particular woman who was sent to Malaysia and never returned to Japan.
 Mujhse Shaadi Karogi (English: Will You Marry Me?) is a 2004 Indian romantic comedy film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. The film stars Salman Khan Akshay Kumar and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles making it the second collaboration between Kumar and Chopra after Andaaz and the first collaboration between Khan and Chopra. It also stars Amrish Puri Satish Shah and Rajpal Yadav supporting roles.
 Kadachit is a Marathi movie released on 25 October 2008. Produced by Ashwini Bhave and directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni. The movie deals with the conflict between truth and lies and its alarming impact on emotional entanglement resulting in psychological disorders. The movie has been written by Girish Joshi.
 Cinéast(e)s is a 2013 French documentary film about filmmakers who are women. Julie Gayet interviews twenty-one French female filmmakers about the relevance of gender to filmmaking and the issues encountered by women in making films. It begins with the question: is cinema gendered?
 Yaaradi Nee Mohini (English: Who are you beautiful woman) is a 2008 Tamill drama film directed by Mithran Jawahar. The film remake of the 2007 Telugu hit film Aadavari Matalaku Ardhale Verule directed by Selvaraghavan that starred Venkatesh and Trisha Krishnan stars Dhanush Selvaraghavan's brother and Nayantara in lead roles whilst Karthik Kumar Raghuvaran K. Vishwanath Karunas and Saranya Mohan play supporting roles. The music for the film was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 The Blue Bird is a 1940 American fantasy film directed by Walter Lang. The screenplay by Walter Bullock was adapted from the 1908 play of the same name by Maurice Maeterlinck. Intended as 20th Century Fox's answer to MGM's The Wizard of Oz which had been released the previous year it was filmed in Technicolor and tells the story of a disagreeable little girl (played by Shirley Temple) and her search for happiness.
 Summer Holiday is a British musical film released in February 1963 featuring singer Cliff Richard. The film was directed by Peter Yates (his debut) produced by Kenneth Harper. The original screenplay was written by Peter Myers and Ronald Cass (who also wrote most of the song numbers and lyrics).
 Independence is a 1976 docudrama film directed by John Huston and starring Eli Wallach Pat Hingle and Anne Jackson. E.G. Marshall narrates.Independence was created for the U.S. National Park Service on the occasion of the Bicentennial of the United States in 1976. In less than 30 minutes visitors to Independence National Historical Park get a quick and dramatic overview of the political events that took place in Philadelphia between 1774 and 1800.
 A Woman of Pleasure is a lost 1919 American silent drama film directed by Wallace Worsley and starring Blanche Sweet. It was distributed by Pathé Exchange in the United States.
 A Night in the Show was Charlie Chaplin's 12th film for Essanay. It was made at Majestic Studio in Los Angeles the fall of 1915. Chaplin played two roles: one as Mr. Pest and one as Mr. Rowdy. The film was created from Chaplin's stage work from a play called Mumming Birds (aka A Night at an English Music Hall in the USA) with the Karno Company from London. Chaplin performed this play during his U.S. tours with Fred Karno company and decided to bring some of this play to his film work.
 Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg. It is a sequel to 2007's Transformers and the second installment in the live-action Transformers series. The plot revolves around Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) who is caught in the war between two factions of alien robots the Autobots and the Decepticons.
 Arasatchi is a Tamil language film released in 2004. The film was directed by then debutante N Maharajan. The film starred Arjun Lara Dutta and Raghuvaran in the lead roles. Vivek as the comedian Lakshmi and Manivannan all play in other roles. The film's music was composed by Harris Jayaraj. The film released in November 2004 became a super hit in most areas raising business for the lead actors.It was dubbed into Telugu as Judgement and in Hindi as Ghatak The Destroyer.
 Jail Bait is a 1937 American short comedy film starring Buster Keaton.
 Krishna Leela is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Suspense is a 1930 British war film directed by Walter Summers and starring Mickey Brantford Cyril McLaglen and Jack Raine. During the First World War a British unit take up a new position in a trench unaware that the Germans are laying a mine underneath it. The battle effects were created under the supervision of Cliff Richardson at Elstree Studios which was owned by British International Pictures.
 Mijn Franse tante Gazeuse is a 1997 Dutch film directed by Joram Lürsen and Ben Sombogaart.
 Life Is Sweet is a 1990 British film directed by Mike Leigh starring Jim Broadbent Alison Steadman Claire Skinner Jane Horrocks and Timothy Spall. Leigh's third cinematic film it was his most commercially successful title at the time of its release. The by turns tragi-comic story follows the fortunes of a working-class North London family over a few weeks one summer.
 No. 1 of the Secret Service is a 1977 imitation James Bond film starring Nicky Henson as British secret agent Charles Bind. It was directed and written by Lindsay Shonteff and produced by his wife Elizabeth Gray. The film had the working title of 008 of the Secret Service. It was released on VHS under the title Her Majesty’s Top Gun.
 Kappu Bilupu (Kannada: ಕಪ್ಪು ಬಿಳುಪು which means Black and White) is a 1969 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal. Based on a novel by Aryambha Pattabhi this movie revolves around the contrasting behaviors of identical yet distinct pair of twins. Puttanna used the movie as a medium for speaking to the youth of the ideals he derived from Vivekananda. The settings were simple and mostly rural.
 Doghat Tisra Aata Sagala Visara is a Marathi movie released on 15 February 2008. The movie has been produced and directed by Kaanchan Adhikkari. The movie is based on the delicate issues of trust between a husband and wife and how a simple friendship can snowball into major misunderstanding. The movie was a major hit at the Box office was house-full at all theatres.
 Hong Kong 1941 (Chinese: 等待黎明) is a 1984 Hong Kong film directed by Po-Chih Leong and written by Sammo Hung.
 Second Chorus (1940) is a Hollywood musical comedy film starring Paulette Goddard and Fred Astaire and featuring Artie Shaw Burgess Meredith and Charles Butterworth with music by Artie Shaw Bernie Hanighen Hal Borne and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The film was directed by H. C. Potter and produced independently for Paramount Pictures by Boris Morros.In a 1968 interview Astaire described this effort as The worst film I ever made.
 Closet Space is a 2008 horror film directed by Mel House. It stars Melanie Donihoo Jovan Jackson James LaMarr Morgan McCarthy and Tim Wrobel. It was filmed in and around Houston Texas.
 The Return of the Roller Blade Seven is a martial arts based film released in 1993. The film is the second of two sequels to the film The Roller Blade Seven. The first sequel The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven was released in 1992.The film features much of the cast from the first film; including Scott Shaw Joe Estevez Don Stroud Karen Black Frank Stallone and Jill Kelly.The Return of the Roller Blade Seven was directed by Donald G. Jackson. It was produced and edited by Scott Shaw.
 Blood Out is a 2011 American action thriller film released direct-to-video. The film is written by Jason Hewitt and John A. O'Connell starring Val Kilmer and Luke Goss and is Hewitt's directorial debut.
 Child of Glass is a TV movie based upon a novel by Richard Peck (The Ghost Belonged to Me). Child of Glass was updated to the present when it was created for Disney's TV series in 1978 and originally aired on NBC. The movie was also re-aired sporadically during the early to mid-1980s often on weekends during the afternoon. The filming locations were in Danville Kentucky and New Orleans Louisiana.
 Dilli Ka Thug is a 1958 Hindi comedy film. It stars Kishore Kumar Nutan Madan Puri and Iftekhar. Music was by Ravi and lyrics by S.H. Bihari and Majrooh Sultanpuri. The song Hum to mohabbat karega was Sultanpuri's contribution.
 Anatomy of t.A.T.u. (Russian: Анатомия ТАТУ; Anatomyia TATU or А.Н.А.Т.О.М.И.Я.) is a documentary film directed by Vitaly Mansky chronicling the lives of the group t.A.T.u. on their promotional tour in USA but most of all revealing the girls' true lives including their sexuality.The movie's main selling point was the revelation that neither Yulia Volkova nor Lena Katina are or were lesbians.
 X to Y is a 2009 short film written and directed by Matt Sobel and shot on location in White Sands New Mexico.
 Icebreaker is a 2000 action film starring Sean Astin Stacy Keach and Bruce Campbell and written and directed by David Giancola.
 Angel Heart is a 1987 American psychological horror film written and directed by Alan Parker and starring Mickey Rourke Robert De Niro and Lisa Bonet. The film adapted from the novel Falling Angel by William Hjortsberg earned mixed critical reviews and was not a financial success.
 The Poll Diaries (German: Poll) is a 2010 German drama film directed by Chris Kraus. The Poll Diaries is the most expensive film that has ever been made in Estonia.
 The Bells is a 1931 British drama film directed by Harcourt Templeman and Oscar Werndorff and starring Donald Calthrop Jane Welsh and Edward Sinclair. It was based on the play Le Juif Polonais by Alexandre Chatrian and Emile Erckmann.
 Performance is a 1970 British crime drama film directed by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg written by Cammell and starring James Fox and Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones in his film acting debut. The film was produced in 1968 but not released until 1970. Cammell was heavily influenced by the Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges (a portrait of Borges on a book cover can be seen at a crucial moment in the film).
 Cow and Cuddles is a 1921 Australian short comedy film. It was the directorial debut of Tal Ordell who later made the classic The Kid Stakes. It experienced difficulties obtaining a release.
 The Flight Before Christmas (Finnish: Niko - Lentäjän poika aka Niko & The Way to the Stars) is a 2008 computer animated Christmas film directed by Michael Hegner and Kari Juusonen. It revolves around a young reindeer who must overcome his fear of flying by heading to Santa Claus' fell to save him and his fleet of flying reindeer from a pack of wolves. The film was a Finnish production with co-producers in Denmark Germany and Ireland. It was produced by Anima Vitae Animaker Oy A.
 Quelle drôle de gosse! (aka: Mad Girl) is a 1935 French comedy drama film directed by Léo Joannon and written by Yves Mirande. The music score is by Jean Lenoir and Georges van Parys. It tells the story of a young secretary who falls in love with a wealthy young man after unrequited love with her boss boss.
 Kafr kasem is a 1975 Syrian drama film directed by Borhane Alaouié. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Diploma.
 Bloodfist 2050 is a 2005 action/adventure film directed by prolific B-movie director Cirio H. Santiago and starring Matt Mullins Joe Sabatino Glen Meadows and Beverly Lynne.
 Mandy was a 1952 Ealing Studios film based on the book The Day Is Ours by Hilda Lewis with screenplay by Nigel Balchin and Jack Whittingham and direction by Alexander Mackendrick and Fred Sears. Another title for the film was Crash of Silence. The film was released in the US as The Story of Mandy.The film starred Phyllis Calvert Jack Hawkins and Terence Morgan and featured the first film appearance by Jane Asher.
 Back Door to Heaven is a 1939 American film directed by William K. Howard.
 Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a 2008 British coming-of-age film co-written and directed by Gurinder Chadha. The film's lead is played by Georgia Groome with Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Karen Taylor amongst the supporting cast. The story is based on two teenage novels by Louise Rennison: Angus Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging and It's OK I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers.
 Aanchal is a Hindi blockbuster released in 1980 directed by Anil Ganguly and starring Rajesh Khanna Raakhee Rekha as the main protagonist and supported by Prem Chopra and Amol Palekar. This story basically revolves around divine relationship shared by Rajesh Khanna with Raakhee. Music is by R D Burman. Songs are sung by Kishore Kumar Lata Mangehkar and Asha Bhonsle.
 What a Hero! is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Benny Chan and starring Andy Lau and Maggie Cheung.
 White Mane (French: Crin-Blanc and Crin Blanc Cheval Sauvage) is a 1953 short film directed by French filmmaker Albert Lamorisse.The forty-seven minute short filmed on location in the marshes of Camargue France won numerous awards on its release including the Short Film Palme d'Or Grand Prize at the Cannes Film Festival. The film also became popular with children and was marketed for them. The story tells a fable of how a young boy tames a wild white stallion called White Mane.
 Broadway Danny Rose is a 1984 American black-and-white comedy film written directed by and starring Woody Allen. It was screened out of competition at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Missiles of October is a 1974 docudrama made-for-television play about the Cuban missile crisis. The title evokes the book The Guns of August by Barbara Tuchman about the missteps among the great powers and the failed chances to give an opponent a graceful way out which led to the First World War. The teleplay introduced William Devane as John F. Kennedy and cast Martin Sheen as United States Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy.
 Gas House Kids is a 1946 American comedy-drama film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Robert Lowery Billy Halop and Teala Loring. It was followed by two sequels Gas House Kids Go West and Gas House Kids in Hollywood both released in 1947. A group of unruly New York City children battle a criminal gang. Along with several other series made at the time it was inspired by the Dead End Kids.
 The Tunnel also known as Transatlantic Tunnel in the United States is a 1935 British science fiction film based on the 1913 novel Der Tunnel by Bernhard Kellermann about the building of a transatlantic tunnel. It was directed by Maurice Elvey and stars Richard Dix Leslie Banks Madge Evans Helen Vinson C. Aubrey Smith and Basil Sydney. The script was written by Curt Siodmak L. du Garde Peach and Clemence Dane.
 Aces Go Places (最佳拍檔系列) or Mad Mission (US title) is a series of Hong Kong action comedy films that are parodies of the James Bond film series.The films star Sam Hui as King Kong a master thief and martial arts expert who is aided by his bumbling sidekick Detective Albert Baldy Au portrayed by Karl Maka.The series began in 1982 with the first two films directed by Eric Tsang.
 Kuduz is a 1989 film set in SR Bosnia and Herzegovina written by Abdullah Sidran and Ademir Kenović who also directed the film. It was nominated for three European Film Awards in 1989: Best Young Film Best Actress (for Snežana Bogdanović) and Best Composer (for Goran Bregović). It is based on the true story of the outlaw Junuz Kečo.
 Saaya is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by Keshu Ramsay and produced by Naval Kumar. It stars Shatrughan Sinha and Poonam Dhillon in pivotal roles.
 Feed 'em and Weep is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 166th Our Gang short (167th episode 78th talking short and 79th talking episode) that was released.
 Aftershock is a 2012 Chilean-American disaster film starring Eli Roth. It is directed by Nicolás López and written by López Roth and Guillermo Amoedo from a story by Roth and López.
 The Secret Life of Bees is a 2008 American drama film adapted from the novel of the same name by Sue Monk Kidd. The film was directed by Gina Prince-Bythewood and produced by Will Smith with his wife Jada Pinkett Smith as executive producer. The film is noted for Queen Latifah's critically acclaimed performance as August Boatwright.
 Thor: The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Thor produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2011's Thor and the eighth installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film is directed by Alan Taylor with a screenplay by Christopher Yost Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely.
 Mothra (モスラ Mosura) is a 1961 Kaiju film from Toho Studios directed by genre regular Ishirō Honda with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya. It is the kaiju eiga debut of screenwriter Shinichi Sekizawa whose approach to the genre grew to prominence during the 1960s. The film stars Frankie Sakai a popular comedian in Japan at the time and Hiroshi Koizumi in the first of many academic roles he would adopt in tokusatsu. Jerry Ito (transliterated as Jelly Ito in the credits of the U.S.
 The Creeping Terror (also known as The Crawling Monster and Dangerous Charter) is a 1964 horror/science fiction film in which a slug-like monster terrorizes an American town after escaping from a crashed spaceship. The Creeping Terror is widely considered to be one of the worst films of all time and in September 1994 the film was the subject of derisive riffing on the satirical television series Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 The Linguini Incident is a 1991 American comedic film set in New York starring David Bowie and Rosanna Arquette. The film was directed by Richard Shepard who co-wrote the script with Tamar Brott. Marlee Matlin Buck Henry and Iman co-star.
 Purge (Finnish: Puhdistus) is a 2012 Finnish drama film directed by Antti Jokinen based on the novel of the same name by Sofi Oksanen. The film was selected as the Finnish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist. At the 2013 Jussi Award the film received eight nominations including Best Film Best Direction and Best Costume Design.
 Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is a 2007 documentary film directed by Julien Temple about Joe Strummer the lead singer of the English punk rock band The Clash that went on to win the British Independent Film Awards as Best British Documentary 2007. The film premiered 20 January 2007 at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It was also shown at the Dublin Film Festival on 24 February 2007.It was released in the United Kingdom on 18 May 2007 and in Australia on 31 August 2007.
 Doli Saja Ke Rakhna is a 1998 Bollywood romance film directed by Priyadarshan with Akshaye Khanna and Jyothika in lead roles. The film is a remake of Malayalam film Aniyathipraavu. The music was composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Let's Make Love is a 1960 musical comedy film made by 20th Century Fox in DeLuxe Color and CinemaScope. It was directed by George Cukor and produced by Jerry Wald from a screenplay by Norman Krasna Hal Kanter and Arthur Miller. It starred Marilyn Monroe Yves Montand and Tony Randall. It would be Monroe's last musical film performance.
 The Broken Melody is a 1938 Australian drama film directed by Ken G. Hall and starring Lloyd Hughes based on a best-selling novel by F.J. Thwaites.
 Try this One for Size is a 1989 film directed by Guy Hamilton his last film to date. It stars Michael Brandon and David Carradine. It is based on a novel of the same name by James Hadley Chase.
 Made in Dagenham is a 2010 British film directed by Nigel Cole. The film stars Sally Hawkins Bob Hoskins Miranda Richardson Geraldine James Rosamund Pike Andrea Riseborough Jaime Winstone Daniel Mays and Richard Schiff. It dramatises the Ford sewing machinists strike of 1968 that aimed for equal pay for women. The film's theme song with lyrics by Billy Bragg is performed by Sandie Shaw herself a native of the area and a former Dagenham Ford clerk.
 The Girl Rush (1955) is an American musical comedy film starring Rosalind Russell.
 Rich Man Poor Man is a lost 1918 silent film romantic drama starring Marguerite Clark and directed by J. Searle Dawley. It is based on a 1916 Broadway play by George Broadhurst. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed.
 Cosmic Zoom is a 1968 short film directed by Eva Szasz and produced by the National Film Board of Canada. It depicts the relative size of everything in the universe in an 8-minute sequence using animation and animation camera shots.
 Mountain Strawberries 3 (산딸기 3 - Sanddalgi 3) also known as Wild Strawberries 3 is a 1987 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong. It was the third entry in the Mountain Strawberries series.
 Thrilling is a 1965 Italian comedy film. The film is split into three distinct segments each directed by a different director; namely Carlo Lizzani Ettore Scola and Gian Luigi Polidoro.
 The Devil's Own is a 1997 American action thriller movie starring Harrison Ford Brad Pitt Rubén Blades Natascha McElhone Julia Stiles and Treat Williams. It was the final film directed by Alan J. Pakula. A member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army comes to the United States in order to obtain anti-aircraft missiles to be used to shoot down British helicopters in Northern Ireland. The plan is thwarted by an Irish-American policeman.
 Glory Road is a 2006 American drama sports film directed by James Gartner based on a true story surrounding the events leading to the 1966 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship. Don Haskins portrayed by Josh Lucas head coach of Texas Western College coached a team with an all-black starting lineup a first in NCAA history. Glory Road explores racism discrimination and student athletics.
 Highlander III: The Sorcerer also known as Highlander III Highlander III: The Magician Highlander III: The Final Dimension Highlander: The Final Dimension and Highlander 3: The Final Conflict is the third installment in the Highlander film series. It was first released on November 30 1994. A stand-alone alternate sequel to the original film it is the final Highlander movie that focuses on Connor MacLeod as the main protagonist.
 Pina is a 2011 German 3D documentary film about the contemporary dance choreographer Pina Bausch. It was directed by Wim Wenders. The film premiered Out of Competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival.During the preparation of the documentary Pina Bausch died unexpectedly. Wenders cancelled the film production but the other dancers of Tanztheater Wuppertal convinced him to make the film anyway.
 The Sin Ship is a 1931 Pre-code sound film produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and directed by Louis Wolheim in his only directorial effort.The film marks the last time Wolheim was involved in the motion picture business before dying of cancer at age 51. The film stars Wolheim and in the female lead Mary Astor and is preserved at the Library of Congress.The film was released in April 1931 two months after Louis Wolheim's death.
 Nazis at the Center of the Earth is a direct-to-video sci-fi film produced by The Asylum that stars Dominique Swain and Jake Busey. It was released on 24 April 2012 on Blu-ray Disc and DVD. The UK release was called Bloodstorm. The story shares similarities with the film Iron Sky.
 Henry Goes Arizona is a 1939 western film starring Frank Morgan as an actor who inherits his dead brother's ranch. While adjusting to the country there he is threatened by a gang who is after the ranch. The film was directed by Edwin L. Marin.
 Two Hearts in Harmony is a 1935 British comedy drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Bernice Claire George Curzon and Enid Stamp-Taylor. A singer becomes the governess to the son of a widowed aristocrat.
 The Last Man on Earth (Italian: L'ultimo uomo della Terra) is a 1964 science fiction horror film based on the Richard Matheson 1954 novel I Am Legend. The film was directed by Ubaldo Ragona and Sidney Salkow and stars Vincent Price. The script was written in part by Matheson but he was dissatisfied with the result and chose to be credited as Logan Swanson. William Leicester Furio M.
 Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnulu is a Telugu Comedy film released in 1985 starring Kamal Haasan in dual roles as a man falling for Sridevi and an unemployed youth. It was directed by Kodanda Rami Reddy. The movie was later dubbed in Tamil as Hare Radha Hare Krishna.
 John Heriot's Wife (Dutch: De vrouw van de minister) is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger.
 Kanoon (Hindi: कानून Urdu: قانون ; Title translation: The Law) is a 1960 Indian Hindi film directed by B.R. Chopra. The film stars Rajendra Kumar Nanda Ashok Kumar Mehmood Shashikala Jeevan and Om Prakash.
 The Cut (Hangul: 해부학교실; RR: Haebuhak-gyosil; also known as Cadaver literally Anatomy classroom) is a 2007 South Korean film.
 Vigilante Vigilante: The Battle for Expression is a 2011 documentary film directed by Max Good. The film profiles several anti-graffiti vigilantes throughout the United States including Jim Sharp (The Silver Buff) Joe Connolly (The Graffiti Guerrilla) and Fred Radtke (The Grey Ghost).
 Never Surrender is a 2009 film about an MMA champion who finds himself fighting in illegal underground cage fights. The film's cast features a number of real MMA fighters. It was filmed in Los Angeles California and was produced by Destiny Entertainment Productions. It is distributed in the United States by Lions Gate Entertainment.
 A Friggin' Christmas Miracle is an upcoming American comedy film directed by Tristram Shapeero and written by Phil Johnston. The film stars Robin Williams Lauren Graham Joel McHale Wendi McLendon-Covey Ryan Lee Candice Bergen and Pierce Gagnon.
 Cap Tourmente is a Canadian drama film released in 1993.The film centres on Jeanne O'Neil (Andrée Lachapelle) a single mother running a small inn in rural Quebec with her daughter Alfa (Élise Guilbault).
 Nicholas' Gift is a 1998 television film directed by Robert Markowitz. It stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Alan Bates. Curtis was nominated for an Emmy Award for her performance.
 A Dash of Courage is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Charley Chase starring Gloria Swanson and featuring Wallace Beery to whom she was briefly married.
 Known Strangers is a Spanish-German-Argentine omnibus film directed by Spanish helmer Manolo González. Filmed from a screenplay by Manolo González and Guillermo Santana. The movie traces the actions of fourteen principal characters both in parallel and occasionally connected by a radio program that everybody is following. The role of chance and luck is central to the film and many of the stories concern violence and infidelity.
 Supercondriaque (also known as Superchondriac) is a 2014 French comedy film written and directed by Dany Boon.
 On Any Sunday: Motorcross Malcolm & More (2001) is a documentary about the most famous motorcycle film of all time On Any Sunday (1971) which was done by the father of this director. The film is directed by Dana Brown of Step Into Liquid and Dust to Glory fame.
 Chashme Buddoor is a 1981 romantic comedy-buddy film starring Farooq Shaikh Deepti Naval Rakesh Bedi Ravi Baswani and Saeed Jaffrey. The film is directed by Sai Paranjpye and produced by Gul Anand and his sister Jayshree Anand - Makhija. The film is about three students; Siddharth (Farooq Shaikh) Omi (Rakesh Bedi) and Jai (Ravi Baswani) at Delhi University who don't go home during summer vacation and how a girl Neha (Deepti Naval) comes in their life. The film was a silver jubilee hit.
 I Am an Animal: The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA is a November 2007 HBO documentary about Ingrid Newkirk co-founder of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PeTA) and her struggle for animal rights.
 The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson based on the second and third volumes of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.
 Blackbird is a Canadian drama film released in 2012. Written and directed by Jason Buxton the film stars Connor Jessup as Sean Randall a socially isolated and bullied goth teenager who befriends his puck bunny classmate Deanna (Alexia Fast) but is falsely accused of plotting a school shooting after he makes a threat against Deanna's boyfriend in an online chat.The film's cast also includes Michael Buie Alez Ozerov Craig Arnold and Tanya Clark.
 The Evidence of the Film is a 1913 American silent short crime film directed by Lawrence Marston and Edwin Thanhouser starring William Garwood.The only known copy of this film was rediscovered in 1999 on the floor of the projection booth in a Superior Montana movie theater. In 2001 this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally historically or aesthetically significant.
 Budhivanta (translation: Intelligent) (also known as Buddhimanthudu in Telugu) is a 2008 Kannada language film starring Upendra in the lead role. It was directed by Ramnath Rigvedhi. It is a remake of the Tamil film Naan Avanillai. It was released on 26 September 2008. The film was supposed to be released on Upendra's birthday 18 September 2008 but because of the delay in censor certification the release date got postponed to 26 September 2008.
 Wah-Wah is a 2005 drama film written and directed by British actor Richard E. Grant and loosely based on his childhood in Swaziland. It stars Nicholas Hoult Gabriel Byrne Emily Watson Miranda Richardson and Julie Walters.Filmed and set in Swaziland the film was first shown at the Cannes Film Market on 13 May 2005 and premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival on 17 August 2005.
 Mer's Lips (Indonesian: Bibir Mer) is a 1992 Indonesian film directed by Arifin C. Noer. It was Indonesia's submission to the 65th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Four Faces of God is a 2002 film directed by Anthony Hartman. Written by Hartman and Jango Sircus the film stars Leon Robinson as Jah Robert LaSardo as Tony and Jaime King as Sam.
 Theirs is the Glory (AKA Men of Arnhem) is a 1946 British war film about the British 1st Airborne Division's involvement in the Battle of Arnhem (17 September to 25 September 1944) during Operation Market Garden in World War II. It was the first film to be made about this battle and the biggest grossing war movie for nearly a decade.
 Keep Your Powder Dry is a 1945 drama film starring Lana Turner Susan Peters and Laraine Day as women who join the Women's Army Corps during World War II. The film was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by George Bruce and Mary C. McCall Jr.
 Aabroo (meaning 'reputation') is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.There is another film with the same name Aabroo released in 1968. It has a very famous song Jinhein Hum Bhulna Chahein Wo Aksar Yaad Aate Hain sung by Mukesh.
 Dhanam (Malayalam: ധനം) is a Malayalam film released in 1991. Directed by Sibi Malayil this film had a strong casting line including Mohanlal Murali Thilakan Nedumudi Venu Charmila Zeenath and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. The script was done by A. K. Lohithadas.
 The Loaded Door is a 1922 American Western film directed by Harry A. Pollard and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Tarantulas: The Deadly Cargo is a 1977 television horror film directed by Stuart Hagmann. The production stars Claude Akins Charles Frank and Deborah Winters. Matthew Laborteaux and Pat Hingle costar. CBS Television broadcast and distributed the picture for Alan Landsburg Productions.
 Hope Floats is a 1998 American romantic drama film directed by Forest Whitaker and starring Sandra Bullock Harry Connick Jr. and Gena Rowlands.Birdee (Bullock) is an unassuming housewife whose life is disrupted when her husband (Michael Pare) reveals his infidelity to her on a Ricki Lake-style talk show. She goes home to her mother (Rowlands) and the small town in which she grew up where everyone knows of her televised marital collapse.
 The Red Tent (Russian: Красная палатка translit. Krasnaya palatka; Italian: La tenda rossa; Spanish: La tienda roja) is a joint Soviet/Italian 1969 film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov.The film is based on the story of the mission to rescue Umberto Nobile and the other survivors of the crash of the Airship Italia. It features Sean Connery as Roald Amundsen and Peter Finch as Nobile. The script was adapted by Yuri Nagibin and Mikhail Kalatozov from Nagibin's novel of the same title.
 Make Me a Star is a 1932 American romantic comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Joan Blondell Stuart Erwin and Zasu Pitts. The film is a remake of the 1924 silent Merton of the Movies.
 The Desert Song is a 1943 American musical film. It was directed by Robert Florey and starred Dennis Morgan Irene Manning and Bruce Cabot. It is based on the 1926 operetta with music by Sigmund Romberg. It was nominated an Academy Award for Best Art Direction (Charles Novi Jack McConaghy).
 Water's Journey: The Hidden Rivers of Florida is a documentary film that tracks the path of water through the Floridan aquifer where a team reveals the journey of water above and within the earth. Viewers are transported through a world that reveals how their lives are intertwined with the water they drink.
 Treasure Island is a 1977 television adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson’s famous 1883 novel. It was filmed in 1977 on location in Plymouth and Dartford and in Corsica and also at BBC Television Centre at Wood Lane London. Jim Hawkins (Ashley Knight) discovers a treasure map and embarks on a journey to find the treasure but pirates led by Long John Silver (Alfred Burke) have plans to take the treasure for themselves by way of mutiny.
 An der Via Egnatia - Historisches und Heutiges über Stadt und Messe is a 1957 East German film.
 Black Snake Moan is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Craig Brewer and starring Samuel L. Jackson Christina Ricci Justin Timberlake and Kim Richards.
 Amarillo By Morning is a 1997 documentary short by Spike Jonze. While filming pro bullriders for a commercial at the national rodeo in the Houston Astrodome in Houston Texas Spike befriended two suburban teenagers who aspired to be cowboys. The documentary chronicles an afternoon in their lives.
 Operation Daybreak (also known as The Price of Freedom in the US) is a 1975 World War II film based on the true story of Operation Anthropoid the assassination of SS General Reinhard Heydrich in Prague. Starring Anthony Andrews Timothy Bottoms and Martin Shaw it was directed by Lewis Gilbert and shot mostly on location in Prague. It is adapted from the book Seven Men at Daybreak by Alan Burgess.
 Main Hoon Na (translation: I Am Here Now) is a Bollywood action comedy film co-written and directed by Farah Khan. The screenplay was written by Farah Khan and Abbas Tyrewala based on the story Anvita Dutt Guptan.
 The Christmas Season Massacre is a 2001 horror comedy film written and directed by Jeremy Wallace and co-written by Eric Stanze.
 Leoni al sole is a 1961 Italian comedy drama film. It is the directorial debut of Vittorio Caprioli.In 2008 the film was selected to enter the list of the 100 Italian films to be saved.In 2008 it was restored and shown as part of the retrospective Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
 Hollywood Lights is a 1932 American comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Battlestar Galactica is a three-hour miniseries (comprising four broadcast hours) starring Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell written and produced by Ronald D. Moore and directed by Michael Rymer. It was the first part of the Battlestar Galactica remake based on the 1978 Battlestar Galactica television series and served as a backdoor pilot for the 2004 television series. The miniseries aired originally on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States starting on December 8 2003.
 The Clash: Westway to the World is a 2000 documentary film about the British punk rock band The Clash.
 The Hill is a 1965 film directed by Sidney Lumet set in a British army prison in North Africa in World War II. It stars Sean Connery Harry Andrews Ian Bannen Ossie Davis Ian Hendry Alfred Lynch Roy Kinnear and Michael Redgrave.
 After the Rain (雨あがる Ame agaru) is a 1999 Japanese film. The story is based on the last script written by Akira Kurosawa and is directed by his former assistant director of 28 years Takashi Koizumi. It was awarded a Japanese Academy Award in 1999. It was chosen as Best Film at the Japan Academy Prize ceremony.
 Nightflyers is the title of a 1980 novella by George R. R. Martin a 1985 short story collection by the same author that includes the novella and a 1987 science fiction-horror film based on that novella.
 My Tehran for Sale (Persian :تهران من، حراج) is an internationally acclaimed 2009 Australian-Iranian feature film written and directed by avant-garde poet turned filmmaker Granaz Moussavi produced by Cyanfilms and starring Marzieh Vafamehr Amir Chegini and Asha Mehrabi.Officially selected by Toronto Rotterdam Pusan and several other international film festivals this art-house debut film explores the contemporary Tehran and its underground art scene focusing on the life of a young actress who has been banned from her theater work. 
 Mabel's Blunder (1914) is a silent comedy film directed by written by and starring Mabel Normand the most successful of the early silent screen comediennes.
 Color Adjustment is a 1992 documentary film that traces 40 years of race relations and the representation of African Americans through the lens of prime time television entertainment scrutinizing television's racial myths. In some ways this documentary narrated by Ruby Dee is a sequel to Riggs’ Ethnic Notions now examining racial stereotypes in the broadcast age.
 No Hair Day: Laughing (and Crying) Our Way Through Cancer is a 1999 documentary film about a photo-shoot of three women undergoing treatment for breast cancer which was broadcast on PBS on October 10 2001 as part of the Independent Lens series and on WGBX-TV.
 Wedlock (originally known as Deadlock) is a 1991 American science fiction-action television film from HBO Films directed by Lewis Teague and starring Rutger Hauer Mimi Rogers Joan Chen and James Remar. It received an Emmy Nomination for Sound Editing.
 Crazy Kind of Love (aka Long Time Gone) is an American romantic drama film directed by Sarah Siegel-Magness. The film is based on 1995 novel Angel Angel by April Stevens. The film stars include Amanda Crew Zach Gilford Aly Michalka Graham Rogers Eva Longoria and Virginia Madsen replacing Meg Ryan late in June 2011. The film was released on July 9 2013.
 Englandsfarere (English: We Leave for England) is a 1946 Norwegian war film directed by Toralf Sandø starring Knut Wigert and Jørn Ording. The film follows the Norwegian resistance fighters Harald (Wigert) and Arild (Ording) in their flight from the Gestapo.
 Inazuma Eleven: Saikyō Gundan Ōga Shūrai (イナズマイレブン 最強軍団オーガ襲来) is a 2010 anime film. It is the first film based on the popular comedy manga and anime series Inazuma Eleven. The film was released to theatres on December 23 2010 in Japan. The movie was shown in both traditional 2D and stereoscopic 3D.
 Jal is a 2013 Hindi film which is set in the Rann of Kutch India about an overconfident water diviner named Bakka who tries to solve the drought problems in his village but faces unforeseen circumstances when he tries to help a female ornithologist save flamingos.The film was premiered and received special mention at the New Currents section of the Busan International Film Festival 2013 and in the Indian Panorama section of the International Film Festival of India.The film released in India on 4 April 2014. 
 Nafrat is a 1973 Bollywood romance film directed by Shyam Ralhan . The film stars Rakesh Roshan and Yogeeta Bali.
 Hour of the Gun is a 1967 Western film depicting Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday during their 1881 battles against Ike Clanton and his brothers in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral and the gunfight's aftermath in and around Tombstone Arizona.The film is based on the non-fiction book Tombstone's Epitaph by Douglas D. Martin with a screenplay by Edward Anhalt and is directed by John Sturges.
 Born Romantic is a 2000 British film directed by David Kane. The film is centered on a salsa club. Fergus is trying to find his ex-girlfriend the elderly charmer Frankie the beautiful Eleanor and the robber Eddie is trying to find one of his victims cemetery worker Jocelyn.
 The Gruesome Twosome is a 1967 American splatter comedy film produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.
 The Lucky Devil is a 1925 comedy drama silent film directed by Frank Tuttle. Also known as Lucky Devil.This film is preserved at the Library of Congress. and George Eastman UCLA Film and Tv and Pacific Film Archive Berkeley.
 Darclee is a 1961 Romanian drama film directed by Mihai Iacob. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 Backsliding is a 1992 Australian film starring Tim Roth.
 Akasa Kusum (English: Flowers of the Sky) is a 2008 film from prolific Sri Lankan filmmaker Prasanna Vithanage. It received a world premiere at the Pusan International Film Festival in October 2008 and won numerous awards at various other festivals.The film was released in Sri Lanka on 21 August 2009 and became a box-office hit in that country.
 The Man on the Balcony (Swedish: 'Mannen på balkongen' German: 'Der Mann auf dem Balkon') is a 1993 Swedish-German crime thriller film based on the book The Man on the Balcony written by Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö. This is the fourth film which stars Gösta Ekman as Martin Beck and Rolf Lassgård as Gunvald Larsson.
 High Time is a 1960 American comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and starring Bing Crosby Fabian and Tuesday Weld. The film is told from the perspective of a middle-aged man who enters the world of a new generation of postwar youth.
 Model Ball (oder: Girls Team; The Girls of Summer) is a 2008 English television comedy sport film about a team of softball.
 Vipers is a 2008 film directed by Bill Corcoran. It stars Tara Reid and Jonathan Scarfe. It premiered on the Syfy Channel on September 21 2008 and was released on DVD on September 23 2008. The name of the film was inspired by the Co/Ed softball team of the same name playing games in the summer months throughout the Capital Region. It is the 12th film of the Maneater Series.
 Tales of Ordinary Madness (it: Storie di ordinaria follia) (fr: Contes de la folie ordinaire) is a 1981 film by Italian director Marco Ferreri. It was shot in English in the USA featuring Ben Gazzara and Ornella Muti in the leading roles.
 Tennessee Johnson is a 1942 American film about Andrew Johnson the 17th president of the United States released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by William Dieterle and written by Milton Gunzburg Alvin Meyers John Balderston and Wells Root. It starred Van Heflin as Johnson Lionel Barrymore as his nemesis Thaddeus Stevens and Ruth Hussey as Eliza McCardle Johnson.
 Lulu (also released in the UK as No Orchids for Lulu) is a 1962 Austrian crime drama film written and directed by Rolf Thiele. The film is an adaptation of Frank Wedekind's Lulu plays—Earth Spirit (Erdgeist 1895) and Pandora's Box (Die Büchse der Pandora 1904)—and stars Nadja Tiller (as Lulu) O. E. Hasse and Hildegard Knef.Sadoul's Dictionary of Films describes Thiele's work as [a] heavy-handed almost absurd version of Wedekind's plays.
 Monsieur Hire (French pronunciation: ​[məsjø iʁ]) is a 1989 French film directed by Patrice Leconte and starring Michel Blanc in the title role and Sandrine Bonnaire as the object of Hire's affection. The film received numerous accolades as well as a glowing review from the American film critic Roger Ebert who added the film to his list of Great Movies on December 21 2012.
 Hello Dolly! is a 1969 romantic comedy musical film based on the Broadway production of the same name. The film follows the story of Dolly Levi (a strong-willed matchmaker) as she travels to Yonkers New York to find a match for the miserly well-known unmarried half-a-millionaire Horace Vandergelder.
 Totally Blonde is a 2001 comedy film written and directed by Andrew Van Slee and starring Krista Allen Maeve Quinlan and Michael Bublé.
 Will Vinton's A Claymation Christmas Celebration is a Christmas television special originally broadcast on the American CBS TV network in 1987. The special featured stop motion clay animation and was produced and directed by Will Vinton. The special debuted alongside Garfield's Christmas Special and the two continued to be aired back to back in subsequent years.
 Stop! Look! and Laugh! is a 1960 feature-length Three Stooges compilation featuring Moe Howard Larry Fine and Curly Howard Eleven of the Stooges shorts were shown and bridged together with segments featuring Paul Winchell and his dummies Jerry Mahoney and Knucklehead Smiff.
 Haqeeqat is a 1995 Indian Bollywood film directed by Sandesh Kohli and produced by N.R. Pachisia. It stars Ajay Devgn and Tabu in pivotal roles.
 Orion's Belt (Norwegian: Orions belte) is a 1985 Norwegian dual-language adventure and thriller film directed by Ola Solum and Tristan DeVere Cole. It is based on Jon Michelet's 1977 novel by the same name. The film follows three Svalbard-based shabby seamen played by Helge Jordal Sverre Anker Ousdal and Hans Ola Sørlie who discover a Soviet bearing station.
 The Princess Comes Across is a 1936 mystery/comedy film directed by William K. Howard and starring Carole Lombard and Fred MacMurray the second of the four times they were paired together. Lombard playing an actress from Brooklyn pretending to be a Swedish princess does a film-length takeoff on MGM's Swedish star Greta Garbo.
 Day for My Love (Czech: Den pro mou lásku) is a 1976 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Juraj Herz. It was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Puccini is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti in the role of Giacomo Puccini.
 Ghutan is a 2007 Hindi horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay.
 Husband Hunters was a 1927 comedy-drama silent film released by Tiffany Productions and directed by John G. Adolfi. The film is now considered a lost film.
 Oklahoma Cyclone is a 1930 American film directed by John P. McCarthy.
 The Nevadan is a 1950 American western film directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Randolph Scott Dorothy Malone Forrest Tucker Frank Faylen and George Macready. Written by George W. George and George F. Slavin the film is about a mysterious stranger who crosses paths with an outlaw bank robber and a greedy rancher. The Nevadan was filmed in Lone Pine California.
 My Mother (French: Ma mère) is a French-Austrian-Portuguese-Spanish 2004 film about the fictional story of an incestuous relationship between a 17-year-old boy and his attractive promiscuous 43-year-old mother. The movie stars Isabelle Huppert Louis Garrel Emma de Caunes Joana Preiss Philipe Duclos and Jean-Baptiste Montagut.
 A Resident of the City is a 2011 Egyptian film directed by Adham El Sherif.
 The Night Digger is a 1971 British thriller film that was based on the novel Nest in a Fallen Tree by Joy Cowley. It was adapted by Roald Dahl and starred his wife Patricia Neal. The Night Digger was the American title; it was originally released in the United Kingdom as The Road Builder.
 Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri is a 1990 Indian Bollywood comedy film directed by Aziz Sejawal and produced by Iqbal Baig. It stars Kader Khan and Shakti Kapoor in pivotal roles. Other casts include Jackie Shroff Farha Aditya Pancholi Jamuna Anjana Mumtaz. It was the 8th highest grossing Indian film of 1990.
 Wallenberg: A Hero's Story is a 1985 NBC mini-series starring Richard Chamberlain as Raoul Wallenberg a Swedish diplomat instrumental in saving thousands of Hungarian Jews from the Holocaust.It won four Emmy Awards and was nominated for five more.
 After Stonewall is a 1999 documentary film directed by John Scagliotti about the 30 years of gay rights activism since the 1969 Stonewall riots. It is the sequel to the Scagliotti-produced 1986 film Before Stonewall and is narrated by musician Melissa Etheridge. Participants include Dorothy Allison Jewelle Gomez Rita Mae Brown Craig Lucas Arnie Kantrowitz Barbara Gittings Barbara Smith Larry Kramer and Barney Frank.
 Our Twisted Hero (우리들의 일그러진 영웅 - Urideul-ui ilgeuleojin yeongung) is a 1992 South Korean film directed by Park Jong-won. It was chosen as Best Film at the Chunsa Film Art Awards. It is based on the book Our Twisted Hero.
 Classmates is a 2006 Malayalam film directed by Lal Jose and written by James Albert. The film has an ensemble cast consisting of Prithviraj Narain Indrajith Jayasurya Kavya Madhavan Jagathy Sreekumar Balachandra Menon and Radhika. The music is composed by Alex Paul with lyrics by Vayalar Sarath Chandra Varma. The cinematography was by Rajeev Ravi and the editing by Ranjan Abraham. Audiograhy was by M. R. Rajakrishnan.The story revolves around the college graduate class of 1992.
 A is a 1965 short film animated by Jan Lenica. It involves a writer tormented by a giant letter A. He frees himself from the A only to encounter a B. It began production in late 1965 and premiered at the Oberhausen Film Festival in February 1965.
 Alexander Hamilton is a 1931 American biographical film about Alexander Hamilton produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and based on a play by George Arliss and Mary Hamlin. It was directed by John G. Adolfi and stars Arliss in the title role. It follows the attempts of Hamilton to establish a new financial structure for the United States following the Critical Period and the establishment of a new Constitution in 1787.
 Bloodhounds of Broadway is a 1952 musical film based on a Damon Runyon story. It starred Mitzi Gaynor who was then still a young starlet along with Scott Brady Mitzi Green Marguerite Chapman Michael O'Shea Wally Vernon and George E. Stone. It was directed by Harmon Jones.Gaynor plays a country girl who longs to be in show business. A New York bookmaker (Brady) hiding out in Georgia meets her and the inevitable happens – he goes straight and she gets her wish.
 The Eleventh Hour is a 1912 Australian silent film. It is considered a lost film.
 Before I Wake released in the United States as Shadow of Fear is a 1954 British mystery film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Mona Freeman Jean Kent and Maxwell Reed. A stepmother attempts to murder her adopted daughter in order to get her inheritance.
 Amorosa is a 1986 Swedish film starring Stina Ekblad and Erland Josephson and directed by Mai Zetterling. The story an adaptation of the life of writer Agnes von Krusenstjerna (Ekblad) details her sexually charged and often turbulent relationship with the bisexual Joseph Sprengel (Josephson). At the 22nd Guldbagge Awards Ekblad won the award for Best Actress and Josephson won the award for Best Actor.
 According to Greta (also known as Surviving Summer) is a 2009 American independent drama film directed by Nancy Bardawil.
 Au hasard Balthazar (French pronunciation: ​[o a.zaʁ bal.ta.zaʁ]; meaning Balthazar At Random) also known as Balthazar is a 1966 French film directed by Robert Bresson starring Anne Wiazemsky.
 Saints and Sinners is a 1994 crime and drama film starring Damian Chapa Jennifer Rubin and Scott Plank. It was written directed and produced by Paul Mones. The film's production company was MDP Worldwide.
 Bedhead is a 1991 short family-comedy-fantasy film directed and co-written by Robert Rodriguez.Made while he was a student at the University of Texas at Austin Rodriguez shot the film with his brothers and sisters as actors and with his family and friends as crew. It was entered into several competitive film festivals where it won cash prizes that Rodriguez then used to help produce his first feature film El Mariachi.
 The Eye of Evil (original title: L'Œil du malin) is a 1962 drama directed by Claude Chabrol. It is one of Chabrol's first films to include social criticism on bourgeoisie lifestyles that would become one of his trademarks in later films. It tells the story of a journalist in southern Germany who stays with a novelist and his wife and gradually begins to destroy the young couple's lives.
 Swantham Bharya Zindabad (Malayalam: സ്വന്തം ഭാര്യ സിന്ദാബാദ്‌) is a 2010 Malayalam film produced by Rafi Mathira under the banner IFAR INTERNATIONAL and directed by Biju Vattappara starring Guinnes Pakru Mukesh and Sruthilakshmi in the lead roles.
 Hamraaz (English: Confidant Devnagari: हमराज़) is a 1967 Hindi musical and suspense thriller film produced and directed by B. R. Chopra. The film stars Sunil Dutt Raaj Kumar Mumtaz Sarika Madan Puri Iftekhar Balraj Sahni Jeevan Helen and Vimi. The film's music is by Ravi while the lyrics were penned by Sahir Ludhianvi.
 The Gay Cavalier is a 1946 black and white Western adventure starring Gilbert Roland Helen Gerald and Tristram Coffin. It is based on a story by the author O. Henry.
 Ruri no Kishi (流離の岸) is a 1956 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo.
 Smash-Up on Interstate 5 is a 1976 made-for-TV disaster film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. Based on the novel Expressway written by Trevor Dudley Smith the film chronicles the aftermath of a 39 car smash-up in California.
 Tiptoes (also known as Tiny Tiptoes) is a 2003 film starring Matthew McConaughey Kate Beckinsale Patricia Arquette and Gary Oldman. The film was screened at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival. Tiptoes was never released theatrically in the United States and it instead went straight to DVD.
 Three Monks (Chinese: 三个和尚 San ge he shang) is a Chinese animated feature film produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. After the cultural revolution and the fall of the political Gang of Four in 1976 the film was one of the first animations created as part of the rebirth period. It is also referred to as The Three Buddhist Priests.
 Bulldog Drummond Comes Back is a 1937 American film starring John Howard. Top-billed John Barrymore plays his friend Colonel Nielsen. The picture was directed by Louis King and the supporting cast includes series regular Louise Campbell Reginald Denny E.E. Clive and J. Carrol Naish.
 Ator l'invincibile 2 (aka Ator 2: The Blade Master) is an Italian film that was made in 1984. The movie was written and directed by Joe d'Amato. It stars Miles O'Keeffe as Ator a man skilled in not only fighting but in many other arts as well. It also stars Charles Borromel as Akronas a wise ruler and teacher who is also called the Great One. Lisa Foster stars as Mila the daughter of Akronas and David Brandon as Zor — the principal villain of the film.
 Tomie: Another Face (富江 アナザフェイス) is a 1999 Japanese horror film directed by Toshirō Inomata. It is the second installment of the Tomie film series based on a manga of the same name by Junji Ito. This sequel was a set of three V-cinema episodes.
 Daddy Day Care is a 2003 comedy film starring Eddie Murphy and co-starring Anjelica Huston. Written by Geoff Rodkey and directed by Steve Carr the film was released in theaters on May 9 2003. It was produced by Revolution Studios and released by Columbia Pictures. Although the film received mostly negative reviews it was financially successful grossing $164 million worldwide on a budget of $60 million plus prints and advertising.
 The Attic is a 1980 American thriller film starring Carrie Snodgress and directed by George Edwards.
 Horsey is a 1997 Canadian independent film starring Holly Ferguson and Todd Kerns that was directed by Kirsten Clarkson. Described in its tagline as A Gritty Tale of Love Ambition and Addiction the film was the first film for actors Kerns and Ferguson as well as for director and writer Kristen Clarkson. Although Ferguson would go on to act in several other films and TV series (including 2005's Dark Water) neither Kerns nor Clarkson would work on another film (as of 2007).
 The Ballad of Little Jo is a 1993 American western film inspired by the true story of a society woman who tries to escape the stigma of bearing a child out of wedlock by going out to the West and living disguised as a man.
 Hatfields & McCoys is a three-part 2012 television miniseries based on the Hatfield–McCoy feud produced by History channel. Each episode aired for two hours on May 28 29 and 30 2012.
 Murder: Ultimate Grounds for Divorce is a British thriller film released in 1984 starring Roger Daltrey of The Who in the main role of Roger Cunningham.
 Megamind is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated superhero action comedy film directed by Tom McGrath. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film premiered on October 28 2010 in Russia while it was released in the United States in Digital 3D IMAX 3D and 2D on November 5 2010.
 The Phantom of the Opera is a 1990 NBC two-part drama television miniseries directed by Tony Richardson and stars Charles Dance in the title role. It is adapted from Arthur Kopit's book for his then-unproduced stage musical Phantom which is based loosely on Gaston Leroux's novel.
 Westward Ho! is a 1940 British public information film about the evacuation of children during the Second World War directed by Thorold Dickinson. At the time evacuation was a controversial policy and the film was produced with the aim of building support for it. Westward Ho! was the first of a series of five-minute propaganda films distributed weekly to cinemas between 1940 and 1942.
 Nick Carter Master Detective is a 1940 film starring Walter Pidgeon in the title role.
 L'Autre Dumas (English: The Other Dumas) is a 2010 French film directed by Safy Nebbou released in 2010 about 19th Century French author Alexandre Dumas.The Council of Black Associations of France criticized the decision to cast the fair-skinned Gérard Depardieu to play the part of Dumas who was the grandson of a Haitian slave and often referred to himself as a negro.
 Tammy and the Doctor is a 1963 romantic comedy film and is the third of the four Tammy films. It stars Sandra Dee as Tambrey Tammy Tyree.
 Amok is a 1934 French film directed by Fyodor Otsep. The director was nominated for the Mussolini Cup at the 1934 Venice International Film Festival.
 AE: Apocalypse Earth is a 2013 American science fiction film produced by The Asylum and directed by Thunder Levin starring Adrian Paul and Richard Grieco. It's also a mockbuster of After Earth and Oblivion.
 Coronation of a Village Maiden (French: Couronnement de la rosière) was an 1896 French silent actuality film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's company Star Film and is numbered 13 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
 Le droit à la vie is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
 Gaon Tasa Changla Pan Veshila Tangla was a Marathi film released on 21 October 1985. The movie was produced by Chelaram Bhatia with Lalchand Bhatia and directed by Anat Mane. The plot of the movie revolves around the chaos and differences created by sectarianism.
 The Fascination of the Fleur de Lis is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A print of the film survives in a private collection in the United Kingdom.
 Maurice (pronounced Morris) is a 1987 British romantic drama film based on the novel of the same title by E. M. Forster.
 Medusa Challenger (1977) is an award-winning dramatic short film that was Joe Mantegna’s first film. The film has been honored with numerous film festival awards and critical accolades. The film is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York the American Film Institute Collection in Washington D.C. and the Chicago Film Archives. The film is one of the few American films widely seen (legally) in the People’s Republic of China.
 Peaches is a 2004 Australian film written by Sue Smith and directed by Craig Monahan. The music was by David Hirschfelder cinematography by Ernie Clark A.C.S. editing by Suresh Ayyar and art direction by Paula Smith.
 Nyayam Mere Cheppali is a 1985 Telugu film starring Jayasudha and Suman in the lead roles. Rajnikanth plays a guest role in the film.
 Popi is a 1969 American comedy-drama film directed by Arthur Hiller. The screenplay by Tina Pine and Lester Pine focuses on a Puerto Rican widower struggling to raise his two young sons in the New York City neighborhood known as Spanish Harlem and stars Alan Arkin and Rita Moreno.
 Routine Love Story is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sundeep Kishan and Regina Cassandra. The movie is directed by Praveen Sattaru who earlier made LBW (Life Before Wedding) and produced by Chanakya Booneti. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer. The film was Released on November 23 2012 along with Nagarjuna's Dhamarukam and both the films got a good start at the Box Office in Andhra Pradesh and other parts of the world.
 The Green Domino (French: Le Domino vert) is a 1935 French/German drama film directed by Henri Decoin and Herbert Selpin based on play by Erich Ebermayer. It tells the story of a rich heiress who falls in love with an art critic after his wife has been murdered. It was released on DVD in France on 5 April 2007.
 Star is a 2001 Tamil action film directed by Praveen Gandhi and produced by Vijaykrishna. The film stars Prashanth and Jyothika in the lead roles while Raghuvaran and Vijayakumar play other pivotal roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by A.R. Rahman while the film is edited by M. N. Rajan. The film opened to poor reviews and performed below average at the box office in July 2001.
 Popeye Meets the Man Who Hated Laughter also known as The Man Who Hated Laughter is a 1972 American animated one-hour television movie that was part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie. This film is notable for uniting the characters from almost every newspaper comic strip then owned by King Features Syndicate in one story.
 Postcard (一枚のハガキ Ichimai no hagaki) is a 2010 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kaneto Shindo. It was Shindo's last film.The film is set during and after the Second World War and it deals with the effect on families of the death of soldiers. It is loosely based on director Shindo's wartime experiences.
 Merantau is an Indonesian martial arts film released on August 6 2009 directed and written by Gareth Evans and starring Iko Uwais. It introduces a style of Pencak Silat known as silek harimau (Minang tiger silat) and a Minangkabau tradition known as Merantau. Evans and Uwais later collaborated again for the Indonesian action film The Raid: Redemption (2011) and its sequel (2014).Merantau won the Jury Award for Best Film at the 2010 ActionFest.
 Gideon's Day is a 1958 British crime film directed by John Ford and starring Jack Hawkins Dianne Foster and Cyril Cusack. An adaptation of John Creasey's novel of the same name it is the first film to feature the character George Gideon of Scotland Yard here played by Jack Hawkins. A police procedural the film was directed by John Ford. The film's American title was Gideon of Scotland Yard.
 Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo is a 1977 film the third of a series of films by Walt Disney Productions starring Herbie – the white Volkswagen racing Beetle with a mind of its own.
 Rose of the Alley is a 1916 silent crime drama film directed by Charles Horan.This film is extant at George Eastman House Rochester New York.
 Let the Good Times Roll is a 1973 rockumentary / concert film directed by Robert Abel and Sidney Levin. It features numerous stars from the American pop and rock music scene of the 1950s.
 The Woman from Moscow is a 1928 film starring Pola Negri. This was Negri's last silent film released with musical score and sound effects.
 The Late George Apley is a 1947 film about a stuffy upper-class Bostonian who is forced to adjust to a changing world. It starred Ronald Colman in the title role and was based on John P. Marquand's novel of the same name and the subsequent play by Marquand and George S. Kaufman.
 What Max Said (Spanish: Las palabras de Max) is a 1978 Spanish film directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro. It tells the story of a man who feels disconnected from people around him. It was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear.
 Man-Proof is a 1938 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe. The film is based on the 1937 novel The Four Marys written by Fannie Heaslip Lea.
 Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale is a 2007 holiday themed animated direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It uses a good deal of Tchaikovsky's famous ballet The Nutcracker as background music. It's more based on the Tom and Jerry Tales series rather than the Tom and Jerry movie universe.This film would be the last animated production for co-creator Joseph Barbera who died on December 18 2006 and the film was dedicated to his memory.
 Kiba Gaiden (呀〈KIBA〉 ～暗黒騎士鎧伝～ KIBA: Ankoku Kishi Gaiden lit. Kiba: Dark Knight Side Story) is a spin-off V-Cinema of the GARO television series set for release on Blu-ray and DVD on September 7 2011.
 Shoe Palace Pinkus (German: Schuhpalast Pinkus) is a 1916 German silent comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Lubitsch Else Kentner and Guido Herzfeld. In English it is sometimes known by the alternative titles Shoe Salon Pinkus and The Shoe Palace. It was part of the Sally series of films featuring Lubitsch as a sharp young Berliner of Jewish heritage. After leaving school a self-confident young man goes to work in a shoe shop. Before long he has become a shoe tycoon.
 Living in Oblivion is a 1995 low-budget independent comedy-drama film depicting the making of a low-budget independent film written and directed by Tom DiCillo and starring Steve Buscemi Catherine Keener Dermot Mulroney Peter Dinklage and James LeGros.
 Aai Shappath is a Marathi film released in 2006.
 Farewell My Lovely is a 1975 film directed by Dick Richards and featuring Robert Mitchum as private detective Phillip Marlowe.
 Cyclo (Vietnamese: Xích Lô) is a 1995 film by Vietnamese director Tran Anh Hung (who had made The Scent of Green Papaya). It stars Lê Văn Lộc Tony Leung Chiu Wai and Trần Nữ Yên Khê.The film was awarded the Golden Lion at the 52nd Venice International Film Festival.
 Ente Ammu Ninte Thulasi Avarude Chakki is 1985 family melodrama film in Malayalam language starring Balachandra Menon Venu Nagavalli and Urvashi. The film was directed and written by Balachandra Menon.
 The Heart of O'Yama is a 1908 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 La falena is a 1916 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film is considered to be lost with only a fragment surviving in the film archive of the Cineteca Italiana.
 A.C.O.D. is a 2013 American comedy-drama film directed by Stu Zicherman based on a script by Zicherman and Ben Karlin and starring Adam Scott Amy Poehler Jessica Alba and Jane Lynch. The name of the film is an abbreviation for Adult Children of Divorce.Teddy Schwarzman is producing the film through his Black Bear Pictures production company.
 Samaanta is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by Nitin Bose.
 Love Crazy is a 1941 screwball comedy film pairing William Powell and Myrna Loy as a couple whose marriage is on the verge of being broken up by the husband's old girlfriend and the wife's disapproving mother.
 The Country Girl is a 1954 American drama film directed by George Seaton and starring Bing Crosby Grace Kelly and William Holden. Adapted by George Seaton from Clifford Odets' 1950 play of the same name the film is about an alcoholic has-been actor struggling with the one last chance he's been given to resurrect his career. Seaton won the Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay.
 Blå måndag (Blue Monday) is a 2001 Swedish film directed by Anders Lennberg starring Eva Röse and Göran Gillinger.
 Premaku Swagatam (Telugu: ప్రేమకు స్వాగతం premaku svāgataṃ ?) is a 2002 Telugu Romance film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy.
 Monkey King vs. Er Lang Shen (Chinese: 孙悟空大战二郎神) is a CG Chinese animated film produced by Yuan Cheng. The story is based on an episode of the novel Journey to the West.
 Kalakkura Chandru is a low-budget Tamil film released in 2007. It was a remake of 2001 Malayalam film One Man Show but failed to repeat the success at the box office.
 Gulabi (Telugu: గులాబీ) is a 1995 musical hit Telugu Cinema starring J.D. Chakravarthy and Maheswari in the lead roles. The film was directed by Krishna Vamsi and produced by Ram Gopal Varma and was co-produced by Amitabh Bachchan Corporation Limited.
 Playin' Hookey is a 1928 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 69th Our Gang short subject released.
 Kaidan Shin Mimibukuro: Yirei Manshon (Tales of Terror : The Haunted Apartment) is a Japanese horror film of the Tales of Terror from Tokyo and All Over Japan television and film series .
 Picasso's face is a 2000 film directed by and starring Massimo Ceccherini.
 Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Brother's Keeper is a 1992 documentary directed by Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky. The film is about an alleged 1990 murder in the village of Munnsville New York. The film is in the Direct Cinema style of the Maysles brothers who had formerly employed Berlinger and Sinofsky. The film contrasts two groups of society; people from rural areas and those from larger cities.
 A Massacre Foretold is a 2007 documentary film by Nick Higgins. The film was released 10 years after the Acteal massacre in Chiapas Mexico of which the film is an account.
 Dedication is a 2007 American romantic comedy film starring Billy Crudup and Mandy Moore. Written by David Bromberg this film is actor Justin Theroux's directorial debut. The film premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. It was produced by Plum Pictures.
 Steven Spielberg presents: Nine Lives is a not yet released 12-hour miniseries about nine characters who are mourning loved ones and discover they can reunite with the dead through near-death experiences.
 The Eliminator is a 2004 direct-to-video action film starring UFC champion Bas Rutten.The film was directed by Ken Barbet.
 Gift Horse (US title Glory at Sea) is a 1952 British war film starring Trevor Howard and Richard Attenborough.The film follows the story of the fictional ship HMS Ballantrae and her crew from the time they come together in 1940 until they go on a one-way mission to destroy a German-held dry dock in France.
 Texas Brooklyn and Heaven (UK title: The Girl from Texas) is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by William Castle and starring Guy Madison and Diana Lynn.
 Burden of Dreams (1982) is a feature-length documentary and making-of directed by Les Blank shot during and about the chaotic production of Werner Herzog's 1982 film Fitzcarraldo filmed in the jungles of South America.The film poster was created by Montana artist Monte Dolack and Eduardo Sanguinetti.Due to his use of long uninterrupted takes his rejection of scripting set pieces and his films’ tendency to document without making overt arguments through narration dramatic reinterpretation or other techniques Les Blank’s work has often been tied to the cinema vérité documentary movement.Blank himself has denied Burden of Dreams’ connections to cinema vérité. 
 Boss Nigger is a 1974 film directed by Jack Arnold. It stars former football player Fred Williamson who both wrote and co-produced the film. Boss Nigger is the first film for which Williamson was credited as screenwriter or producer.
 I Remember Everything Richard (Latvian: Es visu atceros Ričard) is a 1966 film produced during Soviet period at the Riga Film Studio. Another name for the film is Rock and Splinters (Latvian: Akmens un šķembas) which is normally applied to the uncut version.The film's director was Rolands Kalniņš.
 Phoney Cronies is an American comedy short by Columbia Pictures starring El Brendel Tom Kennedy Dudley Dickerson and Monte Collins. In the short Oley (El Brendel) Tom (Tom Kennedy) and Petty Larsen (Dudley Dickerson) employees of a storage company are tasked with bringing a crate of artifacts to a museum in the middle of the night. They don't know however that the crate really contains a thief who intends to rob the museum of its priceless Buddha statue.
 Iruvattam Manavaatti is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2005.
 Willow is a 1988 American fantasy film directed by Ron Howard produced and with a story by George Lucas and starring Warwick Davis Val Kilmer Joanne Whalley Jean Marsh and Billy Barty. Davis plays the eponymous lead character and hero: a reluctant farmer who plays a critical role in protecting a special baby from a tyrannical queen in a sword and sorcery setting.Lucas conceived the idea for Willow in 1972 approaching Howard to direct during the post-production phase of Cocoon in 1985.
 Dus Numbri is a 1976 Hindi film. Produced and directed by Madan Mohla it stars Manoj Kumar Hema Malini Pran Premnath Bindu Kamini Kaushal and Om Shivpuri. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal. The film was later remade into the Telugu film KD No. 1 (1978) starring N. T. Rama Rao and Jayasudha.The film was the top hit of 1976.
 Parthiban Kanavu (Tamil: பார்த்திபன் கனவு; Telugu: పార్తిబన్ కల; Sinhala: පර්තිබන් සිහිනය; English: Parthiban's Dream) is a 1960 Black-and-white Historical fiction multilingual directed by D. Yoganand. The film starred Gemini Ganesan and Vyjayanthimala in the lead with S. V. Ranga Rao Ashokan T. S. Balaiah Malathi Ragini and S. V. Subbiah forms an ensemble cast.The film was based on 1942 Historical novel Parthiban Kanavu written by Kalki Krishnamurthy.
 Fast Girls is a 2011 British drama film directed by Regan Hall and written by Jay Basu Noel Clarke and Roy Williams. It stars Lenora Crichlow Lily James Bradley James Noel Clarke and Rupert Graves. The film follows the story of two women as they become professional sprinters and join the British relay team for a World Championship event. The film was launched at the Toronto Film Festival in 2011 before having its world premiere in London on 7 June 2012.
 From This Day Forward is a 1946 American drama film directed by John Berry starring Joan Fontaine and Mark Stevens.
 Double Dealing is a 1923 American comedy film directed by Henry Lehrman and featuring Hoot Gibson.
 Britain at Bay is a 1940 British propaganda film produced by the GPO Film Unit of the Ministry of Information to raise morale following the Fall of France in June 1940. It was released in other countries under the title Britain on Guard.
 Klanta Aparahna(1985) (Oriya: କ୍ଲାଂତ ଅପରାହ୍ନ English Tired Afternoon) is a contemporary Oriya film directed by Manmohan Mahapatra story of everyday life in a small village in Orissa.
 Sthreehridayam is a Malayalam language film. it was released 2/2/1960. lyrics P.Bhaskaran music L.p.r.varma.starring prem navaz Ambika Sukumaran chandni(old) t.s.muthayyakottarakkara sridharan nair pappukkutty bhagavathar kochappansrinarayanapillai..etc... produced by T&T production directed by J.D.THOTTAN.
 Psycho Cop is a 1989 horror film starring Robert R. Shafer as Police Officer Joe Vickers. The film is very similar to Maniac Cop though the titular character is not a mutilated monster unlike Maniac Cop. Also like the Maniac Cop series this film was criticized by the Police Interest Group for what they considered an unrealistic portrayal of police. The film spawned a sequel Psycho Cop 2 in 1993. The film is currently unavailable on DVD in Region 1.
 Tiga guérisseur is a 2001 Burkinabé film.
 It's a Meaningful Life is the 33rd VeggieTales episode. It was released directly-to-DVD on October 5 2010. Larry the Cucumber stars in the main role of Stewart in the episode which is inspired by the movie It's A Wonderful Life starring Jimmy Stewart. Stevey Joy Ru Chapman Co-Stars as Emma the Rhubarb and her adopted dad Steven Curtis Chapman sings Meant to Be.It's a Meaningful Life and Meant to Be are dedicated to the memory of Maria Sue Chunxi Chapman.
 Sins of the Father is a 2002 American docudrama directed by Robert Dornhelm. The teleplay by John Pielmeier is based on a Texas Monthly article by Pamela Colloff chronicling the 1963 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in Birmingham Alabama in which four young African American girls were killed while attending Sunday-school. The victims were Adie Mae Collins 14 yrs old; Denise McNair 11 yrs old; Carole Robertson 14 yrs old; and Cynthia Welsley 14 yrs old.
 Shaktimaan is an action Bengali film made in 2005. A revenge tale with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 Naram Garam is a 1981 Bollywood film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The movie was produced by Subhash Gupta and Uday Narayan Singh and had music by R.D.Burman. It reprises many actors and actresses from the 1979 hit Gol Maal with the same names. It was also directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee and starred Amol Palekar in the lead.
 Five and the Skin (French: Cinq et la peau) is a 1982 French drama film directed by Pierre Rissient. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
 Closer to Heaven (Hangul: 내 사랑 내 곁에; RR: Nae sarang nae gyeotae; MR: Nae sarang nae kyŏt'e; literally My Love is by my Side) is a 2009 South Korean film.
 Three the Hard Way is a 1974 action blaxploitation film starring Fred Williamson Jim Brown and Jim Kelly written by Eric Bercovici and Jerrold L. Ludwig and directed by Gordon Parks Jr. Featuring the three biggest black action stars of the 1970s in their first movie together the film chronicled the group's adventures in foiling the plot of white supremacists plotting to kill the black population of the United States by poisoning the water supply.
 Pennmakkal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Ottayal Pattalam (English: One Man Army) is a 1992 Malayalam comedy film starring Mukesh Madhoo and Innocent in the lead roles. It is co-written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar.
 Backbench Student is 2013 Telugu romance film written and directed by Madhura Sreedhar Reddy. The film stars Mahat Raghavendra Piaa Bajpai and Archana Kavi. BBS is produced by M.V.K. Reddy on the Shirdi Sai Combines banner and presented by Multidimension Entertainments. The protagonist (Mahat Raghavendra) fails in at least 16 subjects in his course and the story is about how this student’s life turns out to be.
 Good Morning President (Hangul: 굿모닝 프레지던트; RR: Gutmoning peurejideonteu) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Jang Jin that takes viewers to the private quarters of the Blue House during the terms of three fictional presidents (played by Lee Soon-jae Jang Dong-gun and Go Doo-shim) each trapped between political and ethical choices. It was chosen as the opening film of the 14th Busan International Film Festival and was released in theaters on October 22 2009.
 Dallas: The Early Years is a made for television movie that first aired on March 23 1986 on CBS during the ninth season of the TV series Dallas. It is a prequel to the series.
 Navavadhu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 One Hysterical Night (1929) is an American comedy film directed by William James Craft and starring Reginald Denny Nora Lane Walter Brennan and Peter Gawthorne.
 The Family (Italian: La famiglia) is an Italian award-winning 1987 film directed by Ettore Scola and starred by Vittorio Gassman Fanny Ardant Philippe Noiret and Stefania Sandrelli. It was entered into the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Kedi is a 2006 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Jyothi Krishna who earlier directed the 2004 Tamil film Enakku 20 Unakku 18. Starring his brother Ravi Krishna in the lead role the film marks the Kollywood debut of the female artists Ileana and Tamannaah Bhatia whilst Ramesh Khanna Atul Kulkarni Adithya M. S. Baskar and Suman Setty essayed supporting roles in the film. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Fatal Vision is a 1984 television miniseries based on the account in the book of the same name of the murders of the wife and daughters of Jeffrey MacDonald.
 Namastey London is a 2007 Bollywood film. The romantic comedy film is directed by Vipul Amrutlal Shah and stars Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif. It also stars Rishi Kapoor Upen Patel and Clive Standen in supporting roles. Riteish Deshmukh has a cameo role in the film. The concept of Indians being born in foreign nations and forgetting their Indian roots and instead trying to become like people of that nation is drawn from the Manoj Kumar starrer Purab Aur Paschim.
 Sector 7 (Korean: 7광구) is a 2011 South Korean science fiction action 3D film directed by Kim Ji-hoon who previously made May 18.In 2012 Shout! Factory released the film on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.
 Devotion is a 1946 American biographical film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Ida Lupino Paul Henreid Olivia de Havilland and Sydney Greenstreet. Based on a story by Theodore Reeves the film is a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the Brontë sisters. The movie features Montagu Love's last role; he died almost three years before the film's delayed release.
 Annayum Rasoolum (English:Anna and Rasool) is a 2013 Indian romance film in Malayalam language written by Rajeev Ravi G. Sethunath and Santhosh Echikkanam and directed by Rajeev Ravi. The film revolves around the relationship between a young Muslim taxi driver and a Latin Christian girl from Vypeen. Produced by D-Cutz film company in association with E-4 entertainment the film released on January 4 2013.
 Tabbaliyu Neenade Magane (Kannada: ತಬ್ಬಲಿಯು ನೀನಾದೆ ಮಗನೆ) was a 1977 Indian Kannada language film directed by Girish Karnad and B. V. Karanth with Nasiruddin Shah Lakshmi Krishnamurthy Manu and Paula Lindsay in pivotal roles. The film is based on S. L. Bhyrappa's Kannada novel of the same name.At the 25th National Film Awards the film was awarded the Best Feature Film in Kannada.
 The White Viking (alternative title Embla Icelandic: Hvíti víkingurinn Norwegian: Den hvite viking) is a 1991 film set in Norway and Iceland during the reign of Olaf I of Norway.Embla is the directors cut of the White Viking and released on DVD in 2007. It was premiered at the Reykjavik International Film Festival on October 6 2007. It is the directors cut of the original film as the director imagined it.
 The Caveman's Valentine is a 2001 American mystery-drama film directed by Kasi Lemmons and starring Samuel L. Jackson based on George Dawes Green's 1994 novel of the same name. The film was released by Universal Focus a subsidiary of Universal Studios and Focus Features.
 Tree of Knowledge (Danish: Kundskabens træ) is a 1981 Danish coming-of-age drama directed by Nils Malmros. The film details the lives of 17 teenage schoolmates in 1950s Denmark. Shooting on location at the high school which he had attended Malmros took two years to film the action so the cast members reflected the real life physical and emotional development of their characters.
 La Gran tentación is a 1948 Argentine film.
 Africa Texas Style is a 1967 British adventure film directed by Andrew Marton and starring John Mills Hugh O'Brian and Nigel Green. Two American cowboys are hired by a British rancher to oversee his estate in Kenya. Shot on location in Africa and Florida this film led to the TV show Cowboy in Africa starring Chuck Connors. The opening scene of the film includes a cameo appearance by star Mills' equally famous actress-daughter Hayley Mills.
 Set Yourself Free is a hoax public service announcement directed by Henry Inglis and Aaron McCann released on January 29 2014 via the Internet. It has gone viral and as of February 5 2014 had over 12 million views on YouTube. Its goal is to discourage truancy in schools.
 Aastha: In the Prison of Spring is a 1997 Bollywood film produced and directed by Basu Bhattacharya. The film stars Rekha Om Puri Navin Nischol and Daisy Irani in the main roles. The film went on to receive both critical as well as commercial success especially as the latter had eluded Basu in his last few films. Subsequently tasting its success Basu was even planning to remake the film in English though he died in June 1997 at the age 62.
 The Forgotten Children of Congo is a 2007 British documentary film written produced and directed by Alex Tweddle for Angry Man Pictures Ltd.The documentary ‘The Forgotten Children of Congo’ was filmed over four weeks in the Democratic Republic of Congo. From the remoteness of the Congo Basin to the capital Kinshasa and the volatile Ituri Province in the East this documentary focuses on the plight of the country's street children.
 Mud and Soldiers (土と兵隊 Tsuchi to heitai) is a 1939 Japanese war film directed by Tomotaka Tasaka.
 Mr. Madras is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by P. Vasu. The film features Prabhu Sukanya and Vineetha in lead roles. The film had musical score by Vidyasagar and was released on 8 September 1995. The film did well at the box office. In 2011 the film was dubbed in Hindi as Kaise Kahun - I Love You.
 Box of Death (주검의 상자 - Jugeomeui sangja) is a 1955 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young. It was the celebrated director's debut film and the first Korean film to use synchronous sound.
 Chopper is a 2000 Australian film written and directed by New Zealand-born filmmaker Andrew Dominik based on the autobiographical books by Mark Chopper Read. The film stars Eric Bana as the title character and co-stars Vince Colosimo Simon Lyndon Kate Beahan and David Field. It has a cult following.
 Bbuddah... Hoga Terra Baap (Literal translation: Oldman...might be your dad Meaningful translation: Not me Old man might be your dad) (earlier titled Buddah) is a 2011 Bollywood action film directed by Puri Jagannath being his second Hindi film after Shart: The Challenge. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan Hema Malini Sonu Sood Prakash Raj Charmy Kaur Sonal Chauhan Raveena Tandon. The film released on 1 July 2011 and received positive response from critics.
 Ranson's Folly is a surviving 1926 silent film produced by and starring Richard Barthelmess and costarring Dorothy Mackaill. It is based on a Richard Harding Davis novel and 1904 play Ranson's Folly and was filmed previously in 1910 and in 1915 by Edison.
 The Olsen Gang Long Gone (Danish: Olsen-banden over alle bjerge) is a 1981 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.
 When London Sleeps (1932) is a British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Harold French Francis L. Sullivan Diana Beaumont and René Ray. It was filmed at Twickenham Studios in west London. It was based on a play by Charles Darrell.
 The Lady Lies is a 1929 film directed by Hobert Henley and starring Walter Huston Claudette Colbert and Charles Ruggles.
 The Door with Seven Locks (German: Die Tür mit den sieben Schlössern) is a 1962 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It is an adaptation of the Edgar Wallace novel The Door with Seven Locks.
 The Lucky Number is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Clifford Mollison Gordon Harker Joan Wyndham and Frank Pettingell. A professional footballer attempts to recover a winning pools ticket. The film was made by Gainsborough Pictures and the football scenes were filmed in and around Highbury Stadium in North London.
 Legacy of Rage (Chinese: 龍在江湖) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Ronny Yu starring Brandon Lee Michael Wong Regina Kent Mang Hoi Chung Liu and also features a cameo appearance by Bolo Yeung who appeared in Bruce Lee's last film Enter the Dragon. This was Brandon Lee's first lead acting role in a film and the only Hong Kong production he starred in.
 The Promised Land (Polish: Ziemia Obiecana) is a 1975 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on a novel by Władysław Reymont. Set in the industrial city of Łódź The Promised Land tells the story of a Pole a German and a Jew struggling to build a factory in the raw world of 19th century capitalism. Wajda presents a shocking image of the city with its dirty and dangerous factories and ostentatiously opulent residences devoid of taste and culture.
 Miss Cast Away and the Island Girls (also known as Miss Cast Away and as Silly Movie 2 as titled for re-release in 2008) is a 2004 American parody anarchic comedy film written and directed by Bryan Michael Stoller produced on a $2 million budget. It features Michael Jackson in his final scripted film performance.
 High Risk is a 1981 American/Mexican/UK adventure/heist film directed by Stewart Raffill and stars James Brolin Lindsay Wagner Cleavon Little James Coburn Ernest Borgnine and Anthony Quinn.
 −Only Angels Have Wings is a 1939 American drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Cary Grant and Jean Arthur based on a story written by Hawks. The film also marked the first major screen appearance of Rita Hayworth.
 Jalsa (English translation: Fun) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Trivikram Srinivas who returns after directing a Blockbuster Athadu and produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner. The film stars Pawan Kalyan Ileana D'Cruz and Parvati Melton in pivotal roles. The soundtrack of the film composed by Devi Sri Prasad was launched on 29 February 2008.
 Fatal Lady is a 1936 film.It recorded a loss of $296665.
 Beedalapatlu or Beedala Patlu (English title: The Plight of the Poor; Telugu: బీదలపాట్లు) is a 1950 Telugu Drama film directed by K. Ramnoth starring Chittor V. Nagaiah. It is simultaneous made in Tamil language as Ezhai Padum Padu. The story is based on 1862 French novel Les Miserables written by Victor Hugo.
 68 Pages is a 2007 Indian film about an HIV/AIDS counselor and five of her counselees who are from marginalized communities. The film is directed by Sridhar Rangayan and produced by Humsafar Trust in association with Solaris Pictures. It had its world premiere at the International Film Festival of Kerala and then has screened at several international film festivals. It won the Silver Remi award at WorldFest Houston International Film Festival 2008 USA.
 Banih Bahaniya Hamar is a Bhojpuri action film made in 2000. The film is a revenge drama with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role.
 A Boyfriend for Christmas is a 2004 American romantic Christmas film starring Patrick Muldoon and Kelli Williams which aired November 27 2004 on the Hallmark Channel.
 Black October is a 2000 documentary film written directed and narrated by Terence McKenna and produced by Stephen Phizicky for CBC television on the October Crisis in Canada which aired in October 2000. It focuses on the autumn of 1970 following the kidnapping of British Trade Commissioner James Cross and Quebec Minister of Labour Pierre Laporte by the Front de libération du Québec in October.
 Tiny Times 2 (Chinese: 小时代：青木时代) is a sequel to 2013's film Tiny Times. The film was filmed together with the first film and was based on the second half of Guo's own novel. Tiny Times 3 the third installment of the Tiny Times series is set to release on July 17 2014.
 Charlie's Country is a 2013 Australian drama film directed by Rolf de Heer. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 They Learned About Women is a 1930 American black and white sports drama musical film with a Technicolor sequence. The Harlem Madness number was filmed separately in Technicolor (under the direction of Sammy Lee) and inserted into the film. Though this film is a talkie MGM also issued this movie in a silent version with Alfred Block writing the titles. The film was remade in 1949 as Take Me Out to the Ball Game.
 Naya Sansar (New World) is a 1940 Hindi film on radical journalism directed by reporter turned director N. R. Acharya (1909–1993) and written by a journalist himself Khwaja Ahmad Abbas who started his film career with this film. It won him the Bengal Film Journalists' Association Award for the best story and screenplay.It features dialogues by Shaheed Latif and J.S. Kashyap; and stars Renuka Devi (1918–1989) and Ashok Kumar in the lead roles.
 More Than Blue (Hangul: 슬픔보다 더 슬픈 이야기; RR: Seulpeumboda Deo Seulpeun Iyagi; MR: Sŭlp‘ŭmpoda tŏ sŭlp‘ŭn iyagi) is a 2009 South Korean film. The directorial debut of poet Won Tae-yeon it stars Kwon Sang-woo Lee Bo-young and Lee Beom-soo in the lead roles. The film's Korean title translates as A Story Sadder Than Sadness.
 Public Sex (Original title: Dogging: A Love Story) is a British romantic comedy film released in 2009 starring Luke Treadaway Kate Heppell Justine Glenton and Richard Reddell directed by Simon Ellis and written by Michael Groom and Brock Norman Brock. The film was originally titled Dogging: A Love Story but the title was changed to Public Sex when released in the United States.
 Casino Royale is the twenty-first film in the Eon Productions James Bond film series and the first to star Daniel Craig as fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Directed by Martin Campbell and written by Neal Purvis Robert Wade and Paul Haggis the film marks the third screen adaptation of Ian Fleming's 1953 novel of the same name. Casino Royale is set at the beginning of Bond's career as Agent 007 just as he is earning his licence to kill.
 Bastard Out of Carolina is a 1996 film made by Showtime Networks directed by Anjelica Huston. It is based on a novel by Dorothy Allison and adapted for the screen by Anne Meredith. Jena Malone stars as a poor physically abused and sexually molested girl.In 1997 the theatrical and video releases of the film were banned by Canada's Maritime Film Classification Board.
 La vie heureuse de Léopold Z (English: The Merry World of Léopold Z) is a 1965 comedy-drama by Gilles Carle that played a key role in efforts to create a popular national cinema in Quebec.The film follows the misadventures of its title character a snow plow operator for the City of Montreal on Christmas Eve.
 The Governor (Turkish: Vali) is a 2009 Turkish action film directed by M. Çağatay Tosun about the idealist governor of the Aegean city of Denizli where a team of engineers from the Turkish Mining Exploration Institute (MTA) have recently discovered reserves of uranium. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 9 2009 (2009-01-09) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2009.
 Legion of Fire: Killer Ants! (alternatively titled Marabunta) is a 1998 made for TV horror movie made for the Fox TV channel. It seems like a remake of the 1954 movie The Naked Jungle starring Charlton Heston. In 2005 Legion of Fire: Killer Ants! was released on DVD in Germany under the title Marabunta.
 The Magic Brush is a Chinese animated stop-motion film produced by the Shanghai Animation Film Studio. There were two versions of the film. In 1954 the first film was called Ma Liang and his Magic Brush (Chinese: 神笔马良). In 1955 the second film was called Magic Brush (Chinese: 神笔). They are also interchangeably referred to as the Magic Pen or Magical Pen.
 The Gatekeepers (Hebrew: שומרי הסף) is a 2012 documentary film by director Dror Moreh that tells the story of the Israeli internal security service Shin Bet (known in Hebrew as 'Shabak') from the perspective of six of its former heads.The film combines in-depth interviews archival footage and computer animation to recount the role that the group played in Israel’s security from the Six-Day War to the present. The film was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 85th Academy Awards.
 Kissing Cup's Race is a 1920 British silent sports film directed by Walter West and starring Violet Hopson Gregory Scott and Clive Brook. It is based on the play Kissing Cup's Race by Campbell Rae Brown.
 Frontier Fury is a 1943 American Western directed by William Berke. The film is a Charles Starrett Western about corrupt Indian agents in the American West.
 Sinners in Heaven is a 1924 silent film island romance drama directed by Alan Crosland and released through Paramount Pictures. It is based on the novel of the same name by Clive Arden and stars Richard Dix and Bebe Daniels in the principal roles. It is now considered a lost film.
 Les Côtelettes is a 2003 French drama film directed by Bertrand Blier. It was entered into the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 Regalo de Reyes (Christmas Present) is a 1942 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 23rd March 1931: Shaheed is a 2002 Hindi film directed by Guddu Dhanoa which depicts the events leading up to the hanging of Indian freedom fighter Bhagat Singh and his companions Rajguru and Sukhdev on 23 March 1931. The film stars Bobby Deol as Bhagat Singh his elder brother Sunny Deol as another revolutionary Chandrashekhar Azad and Amrita Singh in her comeback role as Bhagat Singh's mother.
 My Little Pony: A Very Pony Place is a Direct-to-Video Animated film produced by SD Entertainment and distributed by Paramount Pictures in association with Hasbro. The film is the fourth of the Generation 3 My Little Pony films and the first to have three separate stories in one feature. It was released on February 6 2007 and received favorable reviews from critics.
 The Forger is an upcoming film directed by Philip Martin and starring John Travolta. It started filming in October 2013.
 Bar Girls is a lesbian-themed romantic comedy film written by Lauran Hoffman adapted by Hoffman from her stage play of the same name for the screen in 1994. Starring Nancy Allison Wolfe Liza D'Agostino Camila Griggs and Michael Harris and directed by Marita Giovanni the play and film follow the lives of several gay women in the Los Angeles area who socialize at a local lesbian bar. Bar Girls was part of a wave of LGBT-themed films that were released in the early 1990s.
 See also The Ghost BreakerThe Ghost Breakers (1940) is a comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard. The movie was adapted by Walter DeLeon from the play The Ghost Breaker by Paul Dickey and Charles W. Goddard no relation to Paulette.Along with Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein and Hope's own The Cat and the Canary it is cited as a prime example of the classic Hollywood horror-comedy.
 Angala Parameswari is a 2002 Tamil religious film starring Meena Durairaj and others.
 La Procesión is a 1960 Argentine film directed by Francis Lauric. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
 For other uses see Till There Was You.'Til There Was You is a 1997 American romantic drama film directed by Scott Winant. The screenplay written by Winnie Holzman traces thirty-odd years in the parallel lives of two people whose intertwined paths finally converge when their mutual interest in a community project brings them together. The film starred Jeanne Tripplehorn Dylan McDermott Sarah Jessica Parker and Jennifer Aniston.
 Purple Violets is a 2007 relationship comedy written and directed by Edward Burns. It is an independent film set in lower Manhattan about four friends from college ready for change. It features Burns Selma Blair Patrick Wilson and Debra Messing.
 The Outcasts written and directed by Robert Wynne-Simmons and starring Mary Ryan and Mick Lally is an Irish film completed in 1982 and broadcast in 1984 as part of UK's Channel 4 Film on Four series. It was the first Irish feature film in 50 years and as such started the revival of the Irish Film industry.
 Noisy Noises is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 82nd Our Gang short that was released.
 Uyirodu Uyiraga (Tamil: உயிரோடு உயிராக) is a 1998 Tamil film directed by Sushma Ahuja starring Ajith Kumar and Richa Ahuja in the main roles. The film which told the tale of a couple's struggle to deal with terminal illness had a successful music soundtrack composed by Vidyasagar. The film was released in November 1998 to positive reviews but fared poorly commercially.
 I Am Slave is a 2010 television film produced for Channel 4 on the story of one woman's fight for freedom from modern-day slavery. It premiered on Channel 4 on 30 August 2010. The movie is mostly based on Mende Nazer a British author human rights activist and a former slave in Sudan.
 The Cry Baby Killer is a 1958 cult film produced by Roger Corman. It was the feature film debut of Jack Nicholson. Until recently the film was out of print and hard to find. In 2006 it was issued on DVD for the first time by Buena Vista Home Entertainment as part of their Roger Corman Classics series.
 The Man Hunter (1930) is an all-talking adventure drama that stars Rin Tin Tin. It was adapted by James A. Starr (who wrote the screenplay and dialogue) from a story by Lillie Hayward who also wrote the screenplay.
 Bad Blood is a 1982 British-New Zealand thriller film set in the small West Coast town of Koiterangi (now Kowhitirangi) during World War II and is based on the factual manhunt for mass-murderer Stanley Graham. Directed by English director Mike Newell much of the film was shot at the original locations. The script was based upon Manhunt: The Story of Stanley Graham by H. A. Willis (Whitcoulls 1979).
 Best Defense is a comedy film starring Dudley Moore and Eddie Murphy. The original music score was composed by Patrick Williams. It was released in 1984 by Paramount Pictures.
 Takekurabe (たけくらべ Takekurabe) English titles include: Adolescence Growing Up Twice Growing Up and Child's Play is a 1955 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Heinosuke Gosho.It is a film adaptation of Higuchi Ichiyō's 1895-1896 novel Takekurabe.Production design was made by Kazuo Kubo sound recordist was Michio Okazaki and lighting technician was Susumu Irie.
 Hardwood Dreams is a 1993 basketball sports documentary written directed and produced by Michael Tollin and narrated by Wesley Snipes. It follows five Morningside High School (MHS) seniors during their last high school basketball season as they dream of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
 Los que volvieron (Those Who Returned) is a 1946 Mexican film. It stars Sara García and includes Malú Gatica.
 Lakshmi is a 2014 Hindi drama film directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. The film deals with the harsh realities of human trafficking and child prostitution which continue behind closed curtains in rural areas of India. It was earlier expected to release on January 17 2014 but got delayed due to censorship issues.The film Won Best Film - Mercedes Benz Audience Award for Best Narrative at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 13 2014. The film released on March 21 2014.
 Vijaypath (English: Path of Victory) is a 1994 Bollywood action drama film starring Ajay Devgan Tabu and Danny DenzongpaThe film was one of the hits of 1994 in India mainly due to its soundtrack composed by Anu Malik which became an instant superhit. Divya Bharti was originally meant to be the female lead but was replaced by Tabu after her death.
 Teesh and Trude is an Australian drama directed by Melanie Rodriga and was adapted from an original stage-play by Wilson McCaskill. The film was produced and shot entirely in Western Australia with Production Investment Funding Support from ScreenWest and Lotterywest. It was shot on video at Murdoch University where New Zealand director Melanie Rodriga teaches (Rodrgia previously made a couple of New Zealand films in the 1980s Trial Run and Send A Gorilla).
 Sadhu Mirandaal (English: If the meek get angered) is a 2008 Tamil suspense comedy film directed by Siddique starring Prasanna Kavya Madhavan and Abbas in the lead roles. The story is about a normal man turned gangster. The film is loosely based on 1995 Malayalam film Mannar Mathai Speaking which was co-directed by Siddique himself.
 Ennamo Nadakkudhu (English: Something is happening) is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Rajapandi. It stars Vijay Vasanth Mahima Nambiar Prabhu Rahman Saranya Ponvannan Sukanya and Thambi Ramaiah. Produced by Vijay Vasanth's brother V. Vinoth Kumar for Triple V Records it has music composed by Premgi Amaren and cinematography by A. Venkatesh while the editing is taken care of by Praveen K. L. and N. B. Srikanth.
 Nakshatra is a Hindi thriller film directed by Mohan Savalkar and produced by Ravindra Singh. The film released on 29 October 2010 under the R Vision banner.
 Muskurahat is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 Mondo New York is a 1988 Mondo film directed by Harvey Nikolai Keith.
 Sex and Breakfast is a 2007 independent dark comedy film starring Macaulay Culkin Eliza Dushku Alexis Dziena and Kuno Becker. Shooting took place in September 2006. The film opened in Los Angeles November 30 2007 and was released on DVD on January 22 2008 by First Look Pictures. The film was directed by first-time director Miles Brandman.
 Miracle of the White Stallions is a 1963 film released by Walt Disney starring Robert Taylor (playing Alois Podhajsky) Lilli Palmer and Eddie Albert. It is the story of the evacuation of the Lipizzaner horses from the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during World War II.Major parts of the movie were shot in the Hermesvilla in Vienna.
 Anni Ribelli is a 1996 Italian Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by Rosalia Polizzi. The film starred Leticia Brédice Massimo Dapporto Esther Goris and Alessandra Acciai. Actress Leticia Brédice won a Silver Condor Award for best actress in 1997 for her performance.
 Darth Vader's Psychic Hotline is a fan film that made its debut on the Internet on April 16 2002 created by fans of the Star Wars franchise.
 Apaaratha is a 1992 Malayalam-language Indian feature film produced directed I. V. Sasi starring Rahman Sukanya Urvasi Siddique and M. G. Soman.
 WUSA is a 1970 American drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg. It was written by Robert Stone based on his novel A Hall of Mirrors. The story involves a radio station in New Orleans with the eponymous call sign which is apparently involved in a right-wing conspiracy. It culminates with a riot and stampede at a patriotic pep-rally when an assassin on a catwalk opens fire.The cast included Paul Newman Joanne Woodward Anthony Perkins Laurence Harvey Cloris Leachman and Wayne Rogers.
 Gambeeram is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Suresh and featuring Sarath Kumar and Laila in the lead roles.This film received a good opening and was an average grosser in the box office.
 Jesse Stone: Innocents Lost is a 2011 American television mystery film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Tom Selleck Kathy Baker and Kohl Sudduth. Based on the characters from the Jesse Stone novels created by Robert B. Parker the film is about the retired police chief of a small New England town who investigates the suspicious death of a young friend while the police force deals with the arrogant new police chief who is the son-in-law of a town councilman.
 The Mystery of Alexina (French: Le Mystère Alexina) is a 1985 French drama film directed by René Féret. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Human Traffic is a British independent film written and directed by Welsh filmmaker Justin Kerrigan. The film explores themes of coming of age drug and club cultures as well as relationships. It includes scenes provoking social commentary and the use of archive footage to provide political commentary.
 The Bat Whispers (1930) is a mystery film directed by Roland West produced by Joseph M. Schenck and released by United Artists. The film is based on the 1920 mystery play The Bat written by Avery Hopwood and Mary Roberts Rinehart.
 Annabel Takes a Tour is a 1938 comedy directed by Lew Landers starring Lucille Ball and Jack Oakie. Annabel (Lucille Ball) is on a promotional tour and as a publicity stunt leaks a story that she is having a romantic fling with a famous romance novelist.
 Maladolescenza (German: Spielen wir Liebe) is a 1977 film directed by Pier Giuseppe Murgia.
 This article is about the American science fiction film. For the Polish historical film see The Deluge (film)Deluge (1933) is an apocalyptic science fiction film (filmed in Los Angeles) released by RKO Radio Pictures about a group of worldwide natural disasters which lead to the destruction of the earth.The film is very loosely based on the novel of the same name by S. Fowler Wright with the setting changed from England to the United States.
 A Tale of Two Cities (1911) is a silent film directed by William J. Humphrey loosely based on the novel by Charles Dickens.According to film historian Anthony Slide this was a three-reel film totalling 30 minutes released in weekly one-reel segments. Talmadge played the small role of Mimi the Seamstress who accompanies Sidney Carton to the guillotine.
 Badrinath (బద్రీనాథ్) is a 2011 Telugu action film directed by V. V. Vinayak and produced by Allu Aravind. The film stars his son Allu Arjun in leading role along with Tamannaah Bhatia and Prakash Raj. It released on 10 June 2011 simultaneously in Telugu and Malayalam. The Tamil version will have additional scenes of Santhanam and expected to release in July. The movie was released in 1400 screens worldwide. It ran for 50 days in 187 theatres.
 Legion of the Dead is a 2005 American horror film produced by The Asylum.It Stars Courtney Clonch and Bruce Boxleitner.The film is a B movie based on Mummy legends and was released in between two similar more-successful films: The Mummy Returns (2001) and The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor (2008).The plot of Legion of the Dead also bears some similarity to the 1971 Hammer horror film Blood from the Mummy's Tomb which also featured an evil Egyptian queen as the film's antagonist.
 Azhagi (2002) is a Tamil film directed by Thangar Bachchan. The film is critically acclaimed and stars Parthiban Nandita Das and Devayani. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The movie was remade in Telugu as Letha Manasulu (2004) starring Srikanth Kalyani and Gopika in lead roles.
 The Awakening of Love (Japanese: 愛するということ Ai-suru to iu koto; Italian: Il Vento e le Rose) is a Japanese movie.
 Mausoleum is a 1983 supernatural horror film directed by Michael Dugan and starring former Playboy Bunny Bobbie Bresee.
 Le Miroir a deux faces (English title: The Mirror Has Two Faces) is a 1958 French drama film directed by André Cayatte who co-wrote screenplay with Gérard Oury Jean Meckert and Denis Perret. The film stars Michèle Morgan Bourvil and Ivan Desny.The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996) adapted by Richard LaGravenese starring Barbra Streisand is based on Le Miroir à Deux Faces.
 The Frankenstein Brothers is a 2010 independent romantic comedy that takes place in Denver Colorado. The plot is centered around two orphan brothers recently graduated from college who inherit the Left Hand Brewing Company.
 Ayyappantamma Neyyappam Chuttu is a 2000 Malayalam children's film directed and written by Mathew Paul. It shows the lives of two children suffering due to the differences between their parents. The film also shows the life of an orphaned kid.
 Potseluy babochki (Russian: Поцелуй бабочки meaning Butterfly Kiss) is a 2006 Russian film directed by Anton Sivers. The world premiere of the film was held July 21 2006.
 Isabella (traditional Chinese: 伊莎貝拉; simplified Chinese: 伊莎贝拉; pinyin: yī shā bèi lā; Cantonese Yale: Yi Sa Bui Lai) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung and starring Chapman To Isabella Leong and Anthony Wong. It played in competition at the 56th annual Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for best film music (it was nominated for the Golden Bear as well). The film is set in Macau.
 Blood on the Flat Track: The Rise of the Rat City Rollergirls is a documentary film produced and directed by Lainy Bagwell and Lacey Leavitt. The film documents the formative years of the Seattle women's flat track roller derby league the Rat City Rollergirls.
 The Alphabet Killer is a 2008 thriller-horror film loosely based on the Alphabet murders that took place in Rochester New York between 1971 and 1973. Eliza Dushku stars as the main character alongside Cary Elwes Michael Ironside Bill Moseley and Timothy Hutton. The film is directed by Rob Schmidt director of Wrong Turn also starring Dushku and written by Tom Malloy who also acted in a supporting role.
 Do Dishayen is a 1982 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Hema Malini and Prem Chopra.
 360 is a 2011 ensemble drama film starring Anthony Hopkins Ben Foster Rachel Weisz Jude Law and other international actors including several Slovaks. The film directed by Fernando Meirelles opened the 2011 London Film Festival. Magnolia Pictures released the film on video on demand on June 29 2012 and was released in United States theaters on August 3 2012.
 Stark is a 1993 British-Australian television miniseries based on the bestselling novel Stark by comedian Ben Elton. The three-episode series directed by Nadia Tass was an international coproduction between the British Broadcasting Corporation and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
 Kalyana Sowgandhikam is a 1996 Malayalam film directed by Vinayan starring Dileep and Divya Unni in the lead roles.
 The Wonderful Lies of Nina Petrovna (German: Die wunderbare Lüge der Nina Petrowna) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Brigitte Helm Francis Lederer and Warwick Ward. It was the last big-budget silent film released by the leading German studio Universum Film AG before the transition to sound began with Melody of the Heart. The film premiered on 15 April 1929 at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo in Berlin.
 Prema Kavali (Telugu: ప్రేమ కావాలి) is a 2011 Telugu Action - Romance film directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and produced by K Atchi Reddy. The film features Aadi and Isha Chawla in the lead roles. Aadi has won the Hyderabad Times award 2011 for Promising Newcomer Male. CineMAA Awards (2012) for best Debut Actor of 2012 and Filmfare Awards South (2012) for Best Male Debut - South of 2011. It ran for 100 days and was declared a Blockbuster.
 Buddha Mountain is a 2010 drama film directed by Li Yu and starring Fan Bingbing Sylvia Chang Bolin Chen Fei Long. It was produced by Laurel Films a small independent production company owned by Fang Li and based in Beijing. Laurel Films also produced Li Yu's previous film Lost in Beijing.This film chronicles the lives of three youths who have no intention of sitting exams and getting into universities and a retired Chinese opera singer who is mourning the death of her son.
 The Foul King (Hangul: 반칙왕; RR: Banchikwang) is a 2000 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Kim Ji-woon. It was Kim's second feature-length film after The Quiet Family. Like the director's debut film The Foul King also stars Song Kang-ho this time as an incompetent bank clerk who takes up a career in professional wrestling adopting the moniker The Foul King in the ring.
 Battle of the Bulge is a widescreen war film produced in Spain that was released in 1965. It was directed by Ken Annakin. It starred Henry Fonda Robert Shaw Telly Savalas Robert Ryan Dana Andrews and Charles Bronson. The feature was filmed in Ultra Panavision 70 and exhibited in 70 mm Cinerama.
 The Ambassador is a 1984 American thriller film directed by J. Lee Thompson and stars Robert Mitchum Ellen Burstyn and Rock Hudson. The political thriller was based on the 1974 crime novel 52 Pick-Up by Elmore Leonard. This is the first movie adaptation of Leonard's novel; Cannon Films remade it in 1986 under its original title 52 Pick-Up this time directed by John Frankenheimer.
 The Gay Ranchero is a 1948 American film starring Roy Rogers.
 Chalisuva Modagalu (Kannada: ಚಲಿಸುವ ಮೋಡಗಳು) (English: Passing Clouds) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao. The film starred Rajkumar Saritha Ambika and K. S. Ashwath in lead roles. The movie is famous for its evergreen songs which was composed by musical duo Rajan-Nagendra. The film was a major success at the box-office upon its release.
 Rebus or Appointment in Beirut is a 1969 crime film directed by Nino Zanchin and starring Laurence Harvey and Ann-Margret. An international co-production it was largely filmed in Venezuela the UK and Lebanon.
 When Knights Were Cold is a 1923 American film starring Stan Laurel.
 The PiggyBac (PB) transposon is a mobile genetic element that efficiently transposes between vectors and chromosomes via a cut and paste mechanism. During transposition the PB transposase recognizes transposon-specific inverted terminal repeat sequences (ITRs) located on both ends of the transposon vector and efficiently moves the contents from the original sites and efficiently integrates them into TTAA chromosomal sites.
 Les Hussards (English: Cavalrymen) is a French comedy film from 1955 directed by Alex Joffé written by Gabriel Arout starring Bernard Blier and Louis de Funès. The film is known under the titles Cavalrymen (international English title) Les hussards (Belgium French title) De husaren (Belgium Flemish title) La piccola guerra (Italy) Huszárok (Hungary).
 Comanche Crossing is a 1968 Western film directed by Larry Buchanan.
 What the Fish produced by Viacom 18 Motion Pictures is a comedy film starring Dimple Kapadia and directed by Gurmeet Singh. It released on 13th Dec 2013.
 The Owl and the Pussycat is a 1970 romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Ross and starring Barbra Streisand and George Segal. Streisand plays the role of a somewhat uneducated actress model and part-time prostitute. She temporarily lives with an educated aspiring writer (Segal). Their differences are obvious yet over time they begin to admire each other. Comedian/actor Robert Klein appears in a supporting role.
 Innisai Mazhai (English: Rain of music) is a 1992 Tamil romance film directed by Shoba Chandrasekar. The film features Neeraj Parveen Vivek and newcomer Sudhakar in lead roles. The film produced by Vijay had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 12 April 1992.
 Blind Mountain (Chinese: 盲山; pinyin: Máng shān) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yang and is Li's first feature film since his 2003 debut Blind Shaft. It is also known as Road Home.Like Li's previous film Blind Shaft which dealt with the notoriously dangerous mining industry Blind Mountain turns a sharply critical eye towards another one of China's continuing social problems this time selling women for marriage in modern day china.
 War Dogs is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby.
 Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil is a 2006 war film and the sequel to Behind Enemy Lines. The film was written and directed by James Dodson starring Nicholas Gonzalez Keith David Bruce McGill Ben Cross Matt Bushell Joseph Steven Yang and Peter Coyote. Despite its title the film does not follow the first part and was released direct-to-video on October 17 2006.
 Silent Tongue is a Western written and directed by Sam Shepard. It was filmed in Spring 1992 but not released until 1994. It was filmed near Roswell New Mexico and features Richard Harris Sheila Tousey Alan Bates Dermot Mulroney and River Phoenix.The film is about a young man named Talbot Roe (Phoenix) who's gone insane over the death of his wife. Talbot's father Prescott Roe (Harris) feels his son's pain and wants to find him a new wife.
 The Oldest Profession (French: Le Plus Vieux Métier du monde) is a 1967 French comedy film. It features contributions from six different film directors each one doing a segment on prostitution through the ages.
 Love Streams is an 1984 American film directed by John Cassavetes that tells the story of a middle-aged brother and sister who find themselves caring for one another after the other loves in their lives abandon them. The film was John Cassavetes' 11th and penultimate film. He later made the more mainstream Big Trouble.
 Sahadevan Mahadevan is a Tamil film starring Mohan and S. V. Shekhar are lead title role. S.S.Chandran Kovai Sarala are doing important supporting role directed by Ramanarayan. Music Composed by Shankar Ganesh released in 1988
 The Colleen Bawn is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale starring Louise Lovely. It is adapted from a popular melodrama by Dion Boucicault.It is considered a lost film.
 Ricky is a 2009 French fantasy film directed by François Ozon about a human baby who develops a set of functional wings and how the parents cope with the child's abnormality.
 Magadheerudu (Telugu: మగాధీరుడు) is a 1986 Telugu film directed by Vijaya Bapineedu. The film stars Chiranjeevi Jayasudha Chandra Mohan and Rao Gopal Rao in important roles.
 Salaam Dunk is a 2011 American documentary film directed by David Fine about an Iraqi university's women basketball program spearheaded by a US-born instructor as coach.
 Would You Believe It! is a 1929 British silent comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Forde Pauline Johnson and Arthur Stratton. It was made at the Nettlefold Studios in Walton-on-Thames and released as a supporting feature. It was later re-released with added sound effects and music. A British inventor develops a new high-tech tank and is pursues by foreign agents who wish to capture the design.
 Song of the Exile (客途秋恨 translit. Ke tu qiu hen) is a 1990 Hong Kong-Taiwanese film a semi-fictionalised autobiography directed by Ann Hui. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
 Siempre es difícil volver a casa (It's Always Hard to Return Home) is a 1992 Argentine movie directed by Jorge Polaco who loosely adapted Antonio Dal Masetto's homonymous novel. Dal Masetto was reportedly unhappy with the final result. It is Polaco's first major studio production featuring A-list comedians from the popular triad Trío Midachi (two out of the three).
 Seven Men from Now is a 1956 Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott Gail Russell and Lee Marvin. The film was written by Burt Kennedy and produced by John Wayne's Batjac Productions.
 Don 2 is a 2011 Indian action thriller directed and co-written (with Ameet Mehta and Amrish Shah) by Farhan Akhtar. The film was produced by Ritesh Sidhwani Shah Rukh Khan and Farhan Akhtar and is a sequel to 2006's Don. It stars Shah Rukh Khan Priyanka Chopra Lara Dutta Om Puri Boman Irani and Kunal Kapoor with Hrithik Roshan in a cameo appearance. The film's plot picks up at the end of Don beginning in Malaysia and moving to Europe.
 Woman Wanted is a 1935 American crime drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Maureen O'Sullivan and Joel McCrea. Written by Leonard Fields and David Silverstein the film is about a woman wrongly convicted of murder who escapes with the help of a young lawyer who hides her from the police and the mobsters who set her up.
 Ballen i øyet (English: Ball in the eye) is a 2000 Norwegian comedy film directed by Catrine Telle starring Laila Goody. Denise (Goody) is heavily short sighted but still plays football. One day she is hit in the eye by a ball and loses consciousness. When she wakes up it seems that everyone else has an identical twin.
 Arikkari Ammu (1981) is an Indian film in Malayalam language by Sreekumaran Thampi starring Madhu Kuthiravattom Pappu Jayabharathi and Suchithra Sasi.
 Semum is a 2008 Turkish horror film produced written and directed by Hasan Karacadağ which reportedly recounts the true story of a woman who lives in İzmir Turkey.
 Judgement is a 1999 short film by South Korean director Park Chan-wook.
 How to Make Love to a Negro Without Getting Tired (also known as Comment faire l'amour avec un nègre sans se fatiguer) is a French language Canadian film directed by Jacques W. Benoit starring Isaach De Bankolé and written by Haitian author Dany Laferrière based on his novel of the same name.The New York Times the Toronto Star the Toronto Sun and the Boston Globe all refused to publish an ad for the film while the Washington Post did.
 Manassil Oru Manjuthulli is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2000.
 Northland is a brief (approximately 20 minutes running time) 1942 Canadian documentary film on the life of miners most notable for its having been directed by the expatriate German crime writer jazz critic jazz musician and sexologist Ernest Borneman. It is a production of the National Film Board of Canada.
 Castle Orgies (色暦大奥秘話 Irogoyomi ōoku hiwa) aka Eros Schedule Book: Concubine Secrets and Sensual History: Shogun's Harem Secret Story is a 1971 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Isao Hayashi and starring Setsuko Ogawa and Yoichi Nishikawa. Part of Nikkatsu's first Roman porno double-bill release it was the first film in the 9-film Eros Schedule Book series and actress Setsuko Ogawa's debut film.
 Police Story (Chinese: 警察故事; Mandarin Pinyin: Jǐngchá Gùshì; Jyutping: Ging2 caat3 gu3 si6) is a 1985 Hong Kong action film directed by and starring Jackie Chan and written by Chan and Edward Tang.
 Kørsel med Grønlandske hunde (English: Traveling with Greenlandic Dogs) is a Danish silent film made in 1897 by the photographer Peter Elfelt. It was the first movie sequence filmed in Denmark. The film less than one minute in length (10 meters of 35mm film) shows a Danish colony manager named Johan Carl Joensen driving a sledge pulled by Greenlandic sled dogs through Fælledparken in Copenhagen Denmark.
 Rain is a 2006 film directed by Craig DiBona. The screenplay was written by Andrew Neiderman based on the novel by V.C. Andrews. It premiered at the Palm Beach International Film Festival although it did not receive further domestic distribution.
 Frankenstein 80 is a 1972 Italian film directed by Mario Mancini.The film is also known as Frankenstein '80 in Italy (original title).
 Uttara (English: The Wrestlers Bengali: উত্তরা) is a 2000 Bengali language drama film thriller directed by Bengali poet Buddhadev Dasgupta. Based on a short story by Samaresh Bose it stars Jaya Seal as Uttara Tapas Paul Shankar Chakraborty Raisul Islam Asad as a Christian missionary.The film contrasts violence human vices and lawlessness in a seemingly peaceful setting in a quiet village in Purulia district in Bengal.
 A Thousand and One Nights with Toho (東宝千一夜 Toho senichi-ya) is a 1947 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kon Ichikawa.
 The Sign of the Cross (1932) is a pre-Code epic film released by Paramount Pictures produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille from a screenplay by Waldemar Young and Sidney Buchman and based on the original 1895 play by Wilson Barrett.Both play and film have a strong resemblance to the novel Quo Vadis and like the novel take place in ancient Rome during the reign of Nero. The art direction and costume design were by Mitchell Leisen who also acted as assistant director.
 By the Light of the Silvery Moon is a 1953 musical film. It is the sequel to On Moonlight Bay. Like its predecessor the movie is based loosely on the Penrod stories by Booth Tarkington.
 Cheran Chozhan Pandian is a 1998 Tamil comedy film directed by Senthamizhan. The film features Ranjith Anand Babu and Vadivelu in lead roles. The low-budget film produced by R. Krishnamurthy had musical score by Soundaryan and was released on 25 December 1998.
 Sugar Harvest (Spanish: Zafra) is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
 What's Bugging Seth is a 2005 film by Eli Steele about a young deaf man striving for success in his own business. It found success on the film festival circuit and was released on DVD in the beginning of 2008.
 Broken Arrow is a 1996 American action film directed by John Woo written by Graham Yost and starring John Travolta and Christian Slater. It deals with the theft of two American nuclear weapons.
 RahXephon: Pluralitas Concentio (ラーゼフォン 多元変奏曲 Rāzefon: Tagen Hensōkyoku) is the movie adaptation of the anime TV series RahXephon.
 Chimmie Fadden Out West is a 1915 American comedy-Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.
 El Espejo is a 1943 Argentine film.
 Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa (Hindi: आमदनी अठन्नी खर्चा रुपइया; translation: Salary is half a rupee and expenses are a whole rupee [in other words your expenses are greater than your wages]) is a 2001 Zee Cine Awards nominated Bollywood comedy film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao starring Govinda Juhi Chawla and Tabu. This was the remake of the hit Telugu film Kshemanga Velli Labanga Randi which itself was based on Tamil film Viralukketha Veekkam directed by V. Sekhar.
 Sharpe's Peril is a British TV film from 2008 usually shown in two parts which is part of an ITV series based on Bernard Cornwell's historical fiction novels about the English soldier Richard Sharpe during the Napoleonic Wars. Contrary to most parts of the TV series Sharpe's Peril isn't based on one of Cornwell's novels.
 Chairman George is a 73-minute 2005 Canadian documentary film about the Greek Canadian musician / troubadour and statistician George Sapounidis. The documentary is directed by Daniel Cross and Mila Aung-Thwin and produced by EyeSteelFilm in association with CTV BBC's Storyville series and TV2 (Denmark).
 Appointment for Love is a 1941 film made by Universal Pictures directed by William A. Seiter. The film stars Charles Boyer and Margaret Sullavan.It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Recording (Bernard B. Brown).
 A Story of David is a 1961 British-Israeli drama film directed by Bob McNaught and starring Jeff Chandler Basil Sydney and Peter Arne. It depicts the life of the Biblical King David and his conflicted relationship with King Saul.
 Jaganmohini is a Tamil language film released in 2009. It is remake of the B. Vittalacharya cult horror film of the same name. It stars Namitha Raja and Nila in the lead roles. It is directed by N. K. Vishwanathan. It was simultaneously dubbed into Telugu with the same name.
 Fistful of Dollars (Italian: Per un pugno di dollari; advertised and often known as A Fistful of Dollars) is a 1964 spaghetti western film directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood alongside Gian Maria Volonté Marianne Koch Wolfgang Lukschy Sieghardt Rupp José Calvo Antonio Prieto and Joseph Egger.Released in Italy in 1964 and then in the United States in 1967 it initiated the popularity of the spaghetti western film genre.
 Trunk to Cairo is a 1966 spy film distributed by American International Pictures.
 Windaria (童話めいた戦史ウインダリア Douwa Meita Senshi Uindaria lit. Fairy Tale War Windaria) also called Legend of Fabulous Battle Windaria and Once Upon a Time is a Japanese animated film produced by Kaname Productions and Idol. The film was directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and written by Keisuke Fujikawa. It was released theatrically in Japan on July 19 1986.
 Our Lady of the Sphere is a 1972 experimental film directed by Larry Jordan.The experimental film features various imagery through juxtaposed with symbols and images from themes such as antiquity to the space age accompanied by alternating backgrounds before the film ends in a garden. In 2010 it was selected for preservation by the National Film Registry.
 Aunt Rose is a 2005 horror film directed by James Tucker.
 Hamburger Hill is a 1987 American war film about the actual assault of the U.S. Army's 3rd Battalion 187th Infantry Regiment part of the 3rd Brigade 101st Airborne Division 'Screaming Eagles' on a well-fortified position including trenchworks and bunkers of the North Vietnamese Army on Ap Bia Mountain near the Laotian border.
 Jaisi Karni Waisi Bharnii is a 1989 Indian film directed and produced by Vimal Kumar. It stars Govinda and Kimi Katkar in pivotal roles.
 Billy Madison is a 1995 American comedy film directed by Tamra Davis. It stars Adam Sandler in the title role along with Bradley Whitford Bridgette Wilson Norm Macdonald and Darren McGavin. The film was written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy and produced by Robert Simonds. It made over $26.4 million worldwide and debuted at #1. The film is about a slacker (Billy Madison) who must go back to school in order to take over his father's company.
 Just like a Woman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Felix Aylmer Jeanne De Casalis and Fred Emney. A group of private detectives working for a jeweller pursue a gang of thieves in Argentina.
 Plunder Road is a 1957 American crime film noir directed by Hubert Cornfield starring Gene Raymond Jeanne Cooper and Wayne Morris.
 Sea Racketeers is a 1937 American film directed by Hamilton MacFadden.
 Firewall is a 2006 British-American thriller film directed by Richard Loncraine and written by Joe Forte. The film stars Harrison Ford as a banker who is forced by criminals led by Paul Bettany to help them steal $100 million.
 The Perfect Match is a British comedy-drama television film written by Mike Bullen and directed by Nick Hurran. It stars Saskia Reeves and Con O'Neill as Bridget and Phil a couple whose marriage proposal is broadcast to football fans. It was first broadcast on the ITV network on 6 September 1995.
 The Island is a 1980 American thriller film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Michael Caine and David Warner. The film was based on a novel of the same name by Peter Benchley who also wrote the screenplay. It is about a savage group of pirates made up of outcasts thieves and murderers who are hidden from the outside world by an uncharted Caribbean island and who've raided boats to sustain themselves since the 1700s.
 The Four Feathers is a 1929 American war film directed by Merian C. Cooper and starring Fay Wray. The picture has the distinction of being one of the last major Hollywood pictures of the silent era although it was also released by Paramount Pictures in a version with a Movietone soundtrack with music and sound effects only. The film is the third of numerous film versions of the 1902 novel of the same name written by A.E.W.
 A Fuchsia Elephant is a 2009 American short comedy film screenplay and directed by Dianna Agron starring Dianna Agron and Dave Franco. The film was never released however it's unknown if Agron will release it any time.
 89mm from Europe (Polish: 89 mm od Europy) is a 1993 Polish short documentary film directed by Marcel Łoziński looking at the 89 mm difference in track gauge between Russian and European railroads. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Fietsen naar de Maan is a 1963 Dutch film directed by Jef van der Heyden.It was the first movie to star Jeroen Krabbé.The storyline concerns three brothers who have problems dealing with their father's heritage.
 The Blue Diner is a 2001 comedy / romance film. It was directed and written by Jan Egleson. The producer Natatcha Estébanez also co-wrote and story and screenplay. Director Jan Egleson used excess film stock from the production of James Cameron's Titanic (1997). The movie was filmed in Boston Massachusetts USA.
 Jack the Giant Killer is a 1962 United Artists fantasy film starring Kerwin Mathews in a fairy tale story about a young man who defends a princess against a sorcerer's giants and demons.The film was loosely based on the traditional tale Jack the Giant Killer and features extensive use of stop motion animation. The film was directed by Nathan H. Juran and later re-edited and re-released as a musical by producer Edward Small.
 The Skydivers is a 1963 film directed by Coleman Francis. It stars actress Kevin Casey as Beth Eric Tomlin as Joe Anthony Cardoza as Harry and Marcia Knight as Suzy. The film contains performances by influential Nashville guitarist Jimmy Bryant.After being forgotten for three decades it got a second life in 1994 serving the basis for a Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode (during which TV's Frank describes it as like Manos without the lucid plot).
 Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again is the 2004 direct to video sequel to the film Blue Collar Comedy Tour: The Movie.
 The Song and Dance Man is a 1926 American silent film comedy-drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released through Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play by George M. Cohan and was directed by Herbert Brenon. A copy of the film is housed in the Library of Congress collection. It is missing reels 1 & 2 but reels 3 to 7 of seven reel film survive
 In Harihar Nagar is a 1990 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by the duo Siddique-Lal. It stars Mukesh Siddique Jagadish and Ashokan in major roles. The film became one of the biggest hits in Malayalam film history and has a dedicated cult following. It is referred to as part of the golden age of Malayalam comedy and among the most hilarious movies in Indian cinema.
 Peggy the Will O' the Wisp is a 1917 drama film directed by Tod Browning.
 Bury Me in Redwood Country is a 2009 documentary film about the Redwood forest landscape. It is a meditative look at the tallest and largest trees on the planet offering a reverential perspective that approaches the ecstatic. The film includes interviews with Redwoods experts foresters conservationists native basketweavers rangers and naturalists including Steve Sillet and Michael Taylor.
 Pyasi Atma is a 1998 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by P Chandrakumar starring Prithvi Shiva Kishore Bhanushali Jay Thakur Dinesh Hingoo and Mithun Chakraborty
 The Whisperers is a 1967 British drama film directed by Bryan Forbes. It is based on the 1961 novel by Robert Nicolson.
 The Shipment is a 2001 movie about a mob enforcer who is hired to recover a shipment of Viagra gone awry. It stars Matthew Modine Elizabeth Berkley Nicholas Turturro and Robert Loggia.
 Domani è troppo tardi (internationally released as Tomorrow Is Too Late) is a 1950 Italian drama film film directed by Léonide Moguy.For this film Pier Angeli won the Silver Ribbon for best actress. The film was also awarded Best Italian Film at the Venice Film Festival.
 Avengers Confidential: Black Widow & Punisher is a 2014 direct-to-video anime film by Madhouse. The film is produced by SH DTV AC BW&P Partners another partnering of Marvel Entertainment with Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan and Madhouse following up on the Marvel Anime series. The film was released in North America on Blu-ray DVD and digital on March 25 2014.The discs will have two featurettes Espionage and Punishment and The Vigilante Vs.
 Subhalekha (Telugu: శుభలేఖ English: Wedding Invitation) is a 1982 Telugu film which stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role and was made by K. Viswanath. It was the first time they worked together; after this success they went on to make two more movies: Swayamkrushi in 1987 and Aapadbandhavudu in 1992. The film was made at a time when Chiranjeevi had started getting lead actor roles and followed the immensely successful film Intlo Ramayya Veedilo Krishnayya.
 The Yes Man (Italian: Il portaborse) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti. It was entered into the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Best of Times (Thai: ความจำสั้น แต่รักฉันยาว RTGS: Khwam Cham San Tae Rak Chan Yao) is a Thai romantic drama film directed by Yongyoot Thongkongtoon and released by GTH in 2009.
 L'imbalsamatore (internationally released as The Embalmer and The Taxidermist) is a 2002 Italian noir - drama film directed by Matteo Garrone. The film was selected for the Quinzaine des Realisateurs in the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. The plot is based on real events. For his performance in the film Ernesto Mahieux won the David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actor.
 Bhai-Bhai is a 1970 Bollywood drama film directed by Raja Nawathe. The film stars Sunil Dutt Asha Parekh and Mumtaz.
 Ibu Mertuaku (My Mother-in-Law) is a 1962 Malaysian film directed by and starring Malaysian silver-screen legend P. Ramlee. The film's story revolves around the tragic love affair between Kassim Selamat a poor musician and Sabariah the only daughter of a wealthy woman. The movie is notable in that the opening act starts out as a light-hearted romantic comedy but at the 30 minute mark turns into a dramatic tragedy. Like a number of P.
 Dust in the Wind Chinese: 戀戀風塵; pinyin: Liàn liàn fēng chén) is a 1986 critically acclaimed but commercially unsuccessful movie by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien.This film is based on co-screenwriter Wu Nien-jen's own experiences and the final part of Hou's coming-of-age trilogy the others being A Summer at Grandpa's (1984) and The Time to Live and the Time to Die (1985).
 The Love Bug is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 37th Our Gang short subject released.
 The Immigrant was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by George Melford and starring Valeska Suratt an actress who specialized in playing vamp roles and who was one of Theda Bara's film rivals. The film is now considered lost.
 Agnosía is a Spanish baroque retro-futuristic thriller directed by Eugenio Mira and written by Antonio Trashorras.
 The Little Engine That Could is a 2011 CGI film based on the story by Watty Piper. The film was released direct to DVD in the United States on March 22 2011.
 Angel Face is a 1952 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger. The drama filmed on location in Beverly Hills California features Robert Mitchum and Jean Simmons.
 L'Étudiante (English: The Student) is a 1988 French romantic comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Sophie Marceau Vincent Lindon and Élisabeth Vitali. Written by Claude Pinoteau and Danièle Thompson the film is about an ambitious teaching student busy preparing for her final exams whose studies are interrupted by a passionate affair with a jazz musician. The film was released to French theaters on October 10th 1988 and sold 1583067 admissions in France.
 Lucia is an upcoming Tamil film directed by debutant Prasad Ramar and produced by C. V. Kumar which is a remake of the 2013 Kannada film of the same name by Pawan Kumar. The film features Siddharth and Deepa Sannidhi in the lead roles with Santhosh Narayanan composing the film's music. The film is expected to be released in mid 2014.
 Virus (also known as Formula for Death) is a 1995 television movie starring Nicollette Sheridan William Devane Stephen Caffrey Dakin Matthews Kurt Fuller Barry Corbin and William Atherton. It was directed by Armand Mastroianni and written by Robin Cook and Roger Young based on Cook's novel Outbreak. The film is also known as Formula for Death (the DVD title).
 A Bug and a Bag of Weed is a 2006 comedy film directed by David Gonella and starring Sebastian Spence Chris Cuthbertson Drew Hagen Nico Lorenzutti Laura Kohoot Nigel Bennett Ryan Scott Greene Amy Kerr John Dunsworth George Green Shawn Duggan David Flemming Veronica Reynolds and Christopher Shyer.
 For the 2008 Bone Thugs-n-Harmony album see The Takeover (album)The Takeover is a 1995 action film starring Billy Drago and Nick Mancuso as rival drug lords. David Amos and Gene Mitchell play good-guys who try to intervene in the turf war.
 The 3rd Voice (also known as The Third Voice) is a 1960 American crime drama/thriller film directed by Hubert Cornfield and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Shot in CinemaScope it is based on the novel All the Way by Charles Williams and stars Edmond O'Brien Laraine Day (in her final film) and Julie London.
 The Siren of Seville is a 1924 silent film adventure directed by Jerome Storm produced by Hunt Stromberg and starring Priscilla Dean.
 All My Compatriots (Czech: Všichni dobří rodáci) is a 1968 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný. Considered the most Czech of his contemporary filmmakers Jasny's style was primarily lyricist. It took nearly 10 years to complete the script and it was his greatest work. The film was banned and the director went into exile rather than recant. It was entered into the 1969 Cannes Film Festival where Jasný won the award for Best Director.
 Snapshot is a 1979 Australian thriller film. It was the first feature directed by Simon Wincer.It was released in the US as The Day After Halloween.
 Chupacabra vs. The Alamo is a 2013 made for tv movie about a pack of Chupacabra that use a tunnel to escape from Mexico to San Antonio Texas. In their travels however they engage in many violent attacks. They begin to kill local residents and various drug cartel members.The film stars Erik Estrada and Julia Benson as the protagonists. It was directed by Terry Ingram with the story by Peter Sullivan and Jeffrey Schenck. The movie was released in the U.S.
 Il Cuore nel Pozzo (Italian for The heart in the pit; often reported in Croatian media with the translation Srce u jami and in Slovene Srce v breznu) is a TV movie produced by state broadcaster RAI that focuses on the escape of a group of children from Tito's partisans in the aftermath of World War II as they start an ethnic cleansing of all Italians from Istria and the Julian March. The word pit in the movie's title refers to a foiba indicating foibe massacres.
 KL Gangster is an action genre film that was released on June 9 2011 in Malaysia. The film directed by Syamsul Yusof (also starring in the film) and also starred Aaron Aziz Ady Putra Soffi Jikan and Zizan Razak. The movie tells the story of a former gangster fresh out of prison wanting to change his life.KL Gangster is reported as the one of the first Malaysian-made films to reach the collection point of $3309610.00 (10 million) in local cinemas.
 Blue Valentine is a 2010 American romantic drama film written and directed by Derek Cianfrance. The film premiered in competition at the 26th Sundance Film Festival. Derek Cianfrance Cami Delavigne and Joey Curtis wrote the film and Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling played the lead roles as well as serving as co-executive producers for the film.
 It Happened Tomorrow is a 1944 American fantasy film directed by René Clair and starring Dick Powell Linda Darnell and Jack Oakie and featuring Edgar Kennedy and Sig Ruman.
 Lunch Hour is a 1961 film based on a one-act play by John Mortimer. It is about a man and a woman who have an affair during their lunch hour. Shirley Ann Field described it as perhaps the most enjoyable film I'd ever done because the cast and crew all worked so closely together.The cast in the original stage production included Wendy Craig with whom Mortimer had an affair and conceived a son.The movie was recently issued on DVD.
 Vulgaria ((traditional Chinese (HK)): 低俗喜劇) is a 2012 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Pang Ho-cheung.The film won Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress at the 32nd Hong Kong Film Award.
 One Frightened Night is a 1935 American film directed by Christy Cabanne. The film has entered the public domain.
 Bhrantibilas is a 1963 Bengali film based on the 1869 play Bhranti Bilas by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar which is itself based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors. In 1968 the film was remade as a Bollywood musical named Do Dooni Char and remade again in 1982 as Angoor
 Sostiene Pereira is a 1996 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Faenza. It is based on Antonio Tabucchi's novel of the same title. Marcello Mastroianni won the David di Donatello as Best Actor.
 1918 is a 1957 Finnish war film directed by Toivo Särkkä. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Nayak-The Real Hero is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Narish Kumar Jain. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Swastika Mukherjee in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Jeet Ganguly
 Krishnagudiyil Oru Pranayakalathu (English: During a Romantic Season in Krishnagudi) is a 1997 Malayalam romance film made in India written and directed by Kamal starring Jayaram Manju Warrier Balachandra Menon Biju Menon and Vinaya Prasad. The music was composed by Vidyasagar.
 Shakespeare Wallah is a 1965 Merchant Ivory Productions film. The story and screenplay are by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala about a travelling family theatre troupe of English actors in India who perform Shakespeare plays in towns across India amidst a dwindling demand for their work and the rise of Bollywood. Madhur Jaffrey won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 15th Berlin International Film Festival for her performance. The music was composed by Satyajit Ray.
 Capturing Mary is a BBC television drama (co-produced by HBO) written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff. It was aired on BBC Two on 12 November 2007. It is linked by the central character of Joe to another Poliakoff drama Joe's Palace which was first aired on 4 November 2007.
 Love Before Breakfast is a 1936 romantic comedy film starring Carole Lombard Preston Foster and Cesar Romero based on Faith Baldwin's short story Spinster Dinner published in International-Cosmopolitan in July 1934. The film was directed by Walter Lang from a screenplay by Herbert Fields assisted by numerous contract writers including Preston Sturges.
 Det store varpet (English: The big hoard) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller starring Finn Bernhoft Per Christiansen and Jack Fjeldstad. The film is about two brothers working as fishermen with their father. It was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
 Haathi Mere Saathi is a 1993 Urdu film made in Pakistan. The English title is The Elephant Walk.
 The Human Shield is a 1991 American film directed by Ted Post and written by Mann Rubin. It stars Michael Dudikoff and Tommy Hinkley. It is about a former government agent who must save his diabetic brother from Iraqi abductors.
 Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy film about a family with twelve children. The film takes its title from the biography of the same name by Frank Bunker Gilbreth and Lillian Moller Gilbreth but despite the title and the concept of a family with twelve children the film bears no resemblance to the book nor its original film adaption although it is mentioned that the mother's maiden name is Gilbreth.
 Rich Man Poor Man Book II is an American television miniseries that aired on ABC in one-hour episodes at 9:00pm ET/PT on Tuesday nights between September 21 1976 and March 8 1977. A sequel to Rich Man Poor Man that had aired the previous season it focused on the further exploits and conflicts of the Jordache family.
 Eternity (Chinese: 万世流芳; pinyin: Wàn Shì Liú Fāng) is a controversial 1943 Chinese film made in Japanese-occupied Shanghai during the Second World War.
 C. I. Mahadevan 5 Adi 4 Inchu is a 2004 Malayalam comedy thriller film directed by K. K. Haridas and starring Cochin Haneefa Shruti and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles.
 Nomos 4000 (Greek: Νόμος 4000 Law 4000) is a 1962 Greek drama film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoi Laskari Vangelis Voulgaridis and Vasilis Diamantopoulos. The film was produced by Finos Films. The title is derived from the Greek Law 4000/1958 about teddy boyism.
 Come quando perché (internationally released as How When and with Whom) is a 1969 Italian romance film written and directed by Antonio Pietrangeli. It is the last film of Pietrangeli who died drowning in the sea of Gaeta while he was testing once again some shots for the next day; he was eventually replaced by Valerio Zurlini.
 We Meet at Tove's (Danish: Så mødes vi hos Tove) is a 1946 Danish drama directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Grete Frische. The film stars an ensemble cast including Illona Wieselmann Gull-Maj Norin Helle Virkner and Inger Stender in a story about eight women who meet ten years after their high school graduation to discuss the reality of their lives. It has been noted as one of the first Danish films which focused on women and women's rights.
 Things from Another World (Italian: Cose dell'altro mondo) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Patierno loosely based on A Day Without a Mexican.
 The Faces of the Moon (Original title: Las caras de la luna) is a 2002 Mexican drama film directed by Guita Schyfter. The film centres upon a group of female jurors at the 3rd Latin American Women's Film Festival in Mexico City. The film reunites Geraldine Chaplin and Ana Torrent who previously starred as mother and daughter in the Carlos Saura films; Cría cuervos (1976) and Elisa vida mía (1977).
 The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya (涼宮ハルヒの消失 Suzumiya Haruhi no Shōshitsu) or The Vanishment of Haruhi Suzumiya is a 2010 Japanese animated film based on the fourth Haruhi Suzumiya light novel of the same name written by Nagaru Tanigawa. It is produced by Kyoto Animation and directed by Tatsuya Ishihara and Yasuhiro Takemoto. It was released in Japanese theaters on February 6 2010 and on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on December 18 2010.
 The White Flower was a 1923 American silent romantic drama film written and directed by Julia Crawford Ivers and starring Betty Compson and Edmund Lowe. Ivers' son James Van Trees was the film's cinematographer. Set in Hawaii the film was shot on location in Honolulu. The White Flower is now considered lost.
 Ułan Księcia Józefa is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1937.
 Not Reconciled (German: Nicht versöhnt) is a 1965 West German drama film directed by Jean-Marie Straub. It has the subtitle Only Violence Helps Where Violence Reigns (Es hilft nur Gewalt wo Gewalt herrscht). The film is an adaptation of the 1959 novel Billiards at Half-past Nine by Heinrich Böll.
 Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama is a 2003 Oriya-language film directed by Hara Patnaik starring Mithun Chakraborty and Uttam Mohanty. It is a remake of Hindi-language film Khudgarz.
 Brothers Five is a 1970 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Lo Wei and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio. Cheng Pei-pei plays the role of Yen Lai a woman who must reunite the Kao brothers to rid the Teng Lung Manor of killers whilst avenging the murder of their father.
 Pariah is a 2011 American contemporary drama film written and directed by Dee Rees. It tells the story of Alike (Adepero Oduye) a 17-year old African-American teenager embracing her identity as a lesbian. It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival and was awarded the Excellence in Cinematography Award.
 Loyalties (also known as Double allégeance) is a 1987 British/Canadian drama film written and directed by Anne Wheeler. It was shot in Lac la Biche Alberta.
 The Woman He Married is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
 Chhota Bheem: Master of Shaolin is a fictional Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Chhota Bheem television series. It is the seventh Chhota Bheem movie. Running time - 74 mins. EME award 2013 has awarded this film 'BEST INDIAN ANIMATED FEATURE FILM (NON-THEATRICAL)'. This movie was also released in Sri Lanka's Vasantham TV on 10th February 2012.
 The Girl in the Taxi is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by André Berthomieu and starring Frances Day Henri Garat and Lawrence Grossmith. It was based on the stage musical The Girl in the Taxi.
 A Stranger in Paradise is a thriller film directed by Corrado Boccia. The film starring Colin Egglesfield Catalina Sandino Moreno Stuart Townsend and more was filmed entirely in Thailand.
 The Sawmill is a 1922 American film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Everyday People is a 2004 drama film written and directed by Jim McKay. The storyline revolves around the lives of the employees working at a restaurant in Brooklyn New York City which is to be closed down due to economic shortfall.
 House of Angels – The Second Summer (Swedish: Änglagård – andra sommaren) is a 1994 Swedish drama by Colin Nutley starring Helena Bergström Rikard Wolff Ron Dean and Ernst Günther. It is the second Swedish drama film about the mansion Änglagård (Angel Farm) located in a small isolated hamlet in Västergötland Sweden. The film premiered on 25 December 1994.
 Crazy English is a 1999 Chinese documentary directed by Zhang Yuan. The film premiered along with Zhang's Seventeen Years at the 1999 Locarno International Film Festival.
 The Slammin' Salmon is a 2009 comedy film by Broken Lizard. The film is about the owner of a restaurant initiating a contest to see which of his waiters can earn the most money in a single night with a prize of $10000. The loser receives a beat down by the owner Cleon Salmon a former heavyweight boxer (played by Michael Clarke Duncan). Kevin Heffernan directed the film; it was his first time directing a Broken Lizard film. Salmon was filmed in 25 days at the beginning of 2008.
 Hedwig and the Angry Inch is a 2001 American musical comedy-drama film based on the stage musical of the same name about a fictional rock band fronted by an East German transgender singer. The film was adapted and directed by John Cameron Mitchell who also portrayed the title role.
 Hunger (Danish: Sult Swedish: Svält) is a 1966 black-and-white drama film directed by Denmark's Henning Carlsen starring Swedish actor Per Oscarsson and based upon the novel Hunger by Norwegian Nobel Prize-winning author Knut Hamsun. Filmed on location in Oslo it was the first film produced as a cooperative effort among the three Scandinavian countries.With its stark focus on a life of poverty and desperation the film is considered a masterpiece of social realism.
 Closer to the Moon (Romanian: Mai aproape de lună) is a 2014 comedy-drama film written and directed by Nae Caranfil and starring Vera Farmiga Mark Strong and Harry Lloyd. Based on a true story it is one of the most expensive productions in Romanian cinema.Closer to the Moon premiered at the Making Waves: New Romanian Cinema festival at Lincoln Center on 29 November 2013. Variety called the film a surprisingly entertaining black comedy. It was released to cinemas in Romania on March 7 2014.
 Bad Girls from Mars is a 1991 sci-fi comedy film starring Edy Williams and Oliver Darrow and written produced and directed by Fred Olen Ray.
 The Joker Is Wild is a 1957 American musical drama film directed by Charles Vidor starring Frank Sinatra Mitzi Gaynor Jeanne Crain and Eddie Albert and released by Paramount Pictures. The film is about Joe E. Lewis the popular singer and comedian who was a major attraction in nightclubs from the 1920s to the early 1950s.
 Taxi Car is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 No Man's Land (Bosnian: Ničija zemlja) is a 2001 war drama that is set in the midst of the Bosnian war. The film is a parable and marked the debut of Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanović. It is a co-production among companies in Bosnia-Herzegovina Slovenia Italy France Belgium and the UK. The film won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in 2001.
 'Neath Austral Skies is a 1913 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. It is considered a lost film.
 Kannaal Pesavaa is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Raj Khanna. The film featured Arunkumar alongside Suvalakshmi while Goundamani and Senthil play supporting roles. The film which had music composed by Deva opened in August 2000.
 Heroes II: the Return is a 1991 Australian mini-series about Operation Rimau during World War II.
 The Glitter Dome is a 1984 made-for-HBO film starring James Garner Margot Kidder and John Lithgow. The film based on the 1981 Joseph Wambaugh Hollywood-set homicide novel was directed by Stuart Margolin who also scored the film and played a supporting part. The movie was filmed in Victoria British Columbia and co-starred Colleen Dewhurst. It was subsequently released on video in 1985.
 Red Scorpion is a 1989 film directed by Joseph Zito starring Dolph Lundgren.
 Phat Girlz is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Nnegest Likké and starring Mo'Nique.
 G Men is a 1935 Warner Bros. crime film starring James Cagney Ann Dvorak and Margaret Lindsay and presenting Lloyd Nolan's film debut. According to Variety Magazine the movie was one of the top-grossing films of 1935. The supporting cast features Robert Armstrong and Barton MacLane.G Men was made as part of a deliberate attempt to counteract what many conservative political and business leaders claimed was a disturbing trend of glorifying criminals in the early 1930s gangster film genre.
 My Way (Hangul: 마이 웨이; RR: Mai Wei) is a 2011 South Korean war film by Kang Je-gyu which stars Jang Dong-gun along with Japanese actor Joe Odagiri and Chinese actress Fan Bingbing.This film is inspired by the true story of a Korean named Yang Kyoungjong who was captured by the Americans on D-Day. Yang Kyoungjong was conscripted in the Japanese Imperial Army the Red Army and the Wehrmacht.
 Fatso is a 2008 Norwegian film directed and co-written by Arild Fröhlich.
 Fogo de Palha is a 1926 Brazilian drama film directed by Canuto Mendes de Almeida based on a story by Plínio de Castro FerrazThe film premiered in Rio de Janeiro on December 6 1926.
 The Bob Mathias Story is a 1954 drama film directed by Francis D. Lyon starring Bob Mathias and Ward Bond. The story of the first man to win two consecutive Olympic Gold Medals in the Decathlon in London in 1948 and in Helsinki in 1952. The film utilized extensive footage of the London and Helsinki Games including actual footage of Mathias' triumphs.
 Hailesa is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Thaha. The film features Suresh Gopi and Muktha George in the lead roles.
 Sweet Nothing in My Ear is a television movie that debuted on the CBS television network as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on April 20 2008. The film is directed by Joseph Sargent and is based on a 1998 play of the same name by Stephen Sachs who also wrote the teleplay.
 The Big Stampede is a 1932 American film starring John Wayne. It is a remake of the 1927 film Land Beyond the Law.
 The Fightin' Fury is a 1921 short Western film directed by and starring Hoot Gibson.
 Someone Behind the Door is a French film directed by Nicolas Gessner. The original French title was Quelqu'un derrière la porte and in the UK it was twice retitled as Two Minds For Murder (theatrical title) and Brainkill (VHS title). The film was shot on location in Folkestone England.
 Captain Starlight or Gentleman of the Road is a 1911 Australian silent film about the bushranger Captain Starlight. It was based on Alfred Dampier's stage adaptation of the novel Robbery Under Arms.It is considered a lost film.
 Maa Bahen Aur Biwi is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Harbans Kumar.
 The Brotherhood of Satan is a 1971 low-budget horror film written produced and starring L. Q. Jones It was directed by Bernard McEveety and also stars Strother Martin.
 Proibito (English: Forbidden) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Mel Ferrer.
 Koottukar (Malayalam: കൂട്ടുകാർ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Prasad Vaalacheril starring Vinu Mohan and Bhama in the lead pair.
 Los alegres Aguilares (The Cheerful Aguilares) is a 1967 Mexican film. It stars Antonio Aguilar.The adventurer Manuel comes across Carlos who is almost his identical twin. Manuel comes from a rich family so he offers Carlos some money to pass himself off as him for a young woman that wants to marry him. Carlos asks him to return the favor.Starring: Antonio Aguilar Crox AlvaradoDirected by: Miguel ZacariasRuntime: 1 hour 37 minutesRelease year: 1905Studio: Veranda Entertainment
 Follow Thru is a 1930 musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor. It was the second all-color all-talking feature to be produced by Paramount Pictures. The film was based on the popular 1929 Broadway play of the same name by Frank Mandel and Laurence Schwab. The play ran from January 9 1929 to December 21 1929; running for 401 performances.
 The Wild Wild World of Jayne Mansfield is a 1968 X-Rated documentary film based on the life of the late 1950s sex-bomb Jayne Mansfield.
 In My End Is My Beginning (Hangul: 끝과 시작; RR: Ggeutgwa sijak) is a 2013 South Korean film starring Uhm Jung-hwa Kim Hyo-jin and Hwang Jung-min.In My End Is My Beginning originally appeared as a short film in Five Senses of Eros a 2009 anthology about sensuality and sexuality. Then writer-director Min Kyu-dong expanded the short into a feature-length director's cut which provides a fuller version of the story including the end of the relationship not shown in the short.
 Akcja pod Arsenałem (Operation Arsenal) is a Polish historical film based on the novel Kamienie na szaniec by Aleksander Kamiński released in 1978 and directed by Jan Łomnicki. Set during World War II it tells the story of the Operation Arsenal in which boyscouts of the Grey Ranks freed a truck carrying prisoners among whom was Jan Bytnar.
 Kal Kissne Dekha (Hindi: कल किसने देखा translation: Who knows what will happen tomorrow? lit. Who has seen tomorrow?) is an Bollywood sci-fi romance film directed by Vivek Sharma who earlier directed Bhootnath. The film introduces debutantes Jackky Bhagnani and Vaishali Desai. It has been reported to have similarities with the 2007 Hollywood film Next starring Nicolas Cage. Kal Kissne Dekha released on 12 June 2009 and was an box office flop.
 A Car-Tune Portrait was an early cartoon by pioneering animator Max Fleischer. Released on June 26 1937 it gave an imaginative take on Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 in C-sharp Minor. The cartoon features a lion dressed up as a musical conductor attempting to keep his orchestra of animal musicians in order as they half-play half-fight their way through the piece.
 Sattam is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by K. Vijayan and produced by Anandavalli Balaji starring Kamal Haasan and Sarath Babu in lead roles while Madhavi played the heroine. It's a remake of Hindi movie Dostana (1980 film)
 Manadhai Thirudivittai (Tamil: மனதை திருடிவிட்டாய்) ; English: You have stolen my heart!) is a 2001 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer R. D. Narayanamurthy starring Prabhudeva Kausalya and newcomer Gayatri Jayaraman in lead roles and also stars both the comedians Vivek and Vadivelu being their most recent collaboration in Tamil films. The film which has music scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja released on 14 November 2001 and met with average results the box office.
 Duck! The Carbine High Massacre is a 1999 American comedy-drama film about a fictional school shooting. It was one of the first films inspired by the Columbine High School massacre. Released less than a year after the Columbine event it was written produced and directed by William Hellfire and Joey Smack who also starred. After the film was released Hellfire and Smack were arrested for possession of weapons on school property.
 We're the Millers is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber. It stars Jennifer Aniston Jason Sudeikis Emma Roberts and Will Poulter. It was released in the U.S. on August 7 2013 by Warner Bros. Pictures and New Line Cinema.
 Tiger Child (Japanese: 虎の仔 Tora no ko) was the first IMAX movie ever made. It was directed by Canadian filmmaker Donald Brittain and produced by Roman Kroitor and Kichi Ichikawa. It premiered at Expo '70 in Osaka Japan at the Fuji Group Pavilion.
 L'Eclisse (English: Eclipse) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Alain Delon and Monica Vitti. Filmed on location in Rome and Verona L'Eclisse is about a young woman who breaks up with an older lover and then has an affair with a confident young stockbroker whose materialistic nature eventually undermines their relationship. The film is considered the last part of a trilogy which was preceded by L'Avventura (1960) and La Notte (1961).
 Crulic: The Path to Beyond (Romanian: Crulic - Drumul spre dincolo) is a 2011 Romanian-Polish animated biographical film directed by Anca Damian and starring Vlad Ivanov. It tells the story of Claudiu Crulic a Romanian citizen who died in a Polish prison while on a hunger strike. The film was made with a mix of techniques including hand-drawn animation and animated photographs.
 Basanti is a Punjabi film by Altamash Butt.
 Three Came to Kill is a 1960 thriller film about an assassination attempt. It was based on the Albert Anastasia murder and subsequent Apalachin Meeting.
 Vodkaa komisario Palmu (Vodka Inspector Palmu) is a 1969 film the fourth and final part of the Inspector Palmu series. The only part of the series to be filmed in color the film is also the only one not to be based a novel by Mika Waltari.The film sees a now-retired and married Palmu helping the Finnish Broadcasting company discover the truth behind the murder of one of their reporters.
 Ormen also known as The Serpent is a 1966 Swedish drama film directed by Hans Abramson. Christina Schollin won the award for Best Actress at the 3rd Guldbagge Awards.
 Five by Four is a 2003 Indian film written and directed by Roopa Swaninathan. It stars VJs Cary Edwards Sapna and Usha Seetharam television artistes Venkat Preetha Raaghav and Divyadarshini and popular Kannada model Hardeep Minhas. The music was by Yuvan Shankar Raja and cinematography by Ravi Varman. The film in English was produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC).
 Out of Darkness was a 1994 made-for-television film starring singer and actress Diana Ross. The movie was distributed and released by ABC on January 16 1994 in the USA Germany Spain France Greece Italy and Portugal.
 Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 American romantic drama film based on Ben Sherwood's best-selling novel The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud published in 2004 by Bantam Books. The film is directed by Burr Steers and stars Zac Efron and Amanda Crew. The story is of Charlie St. Cloud's choice between keeping a promise he made to his brother who died in a car accident or going after the girl he loves. In some markets the film used the complete title of the book.
 Animal Room is a 1995 American drama/thriller film directed produced and written by Craig Singer and starring Neil Patrick Harris as a bullied drug-using teenager and Matthew Lillard as the bully who loves to torment Harris's character. The film is referred to as a modernized version of A Clockwork Orange and features an appearance from punk rock band The Misfits (band).
 Lucky Them is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Megan Griffiths. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film received positive reviews from outlets such as Variety The Hollywood Reporter ScreenDaily and The Huffington Post.
 Fireproof is a 2008 American Christian drama film released by Samuel Goldwyn Films and Affirm Films directed by Alex Kendrick who co-wrote and co-produced it with Stephen Kendrick. The film stars Kirk Cameron Erin Bethea and Ken Bevel.Reviews for the film were generally unfavorable from film critics. The film was successful at the box office becoming a surprise hit debuting at No. 4 and becoming the highest-grossing independent film of 2008 grossing over $33000000.
 Little Tokyo U.S.A. is a 1942 American film produced during World War II widely considered at its release and now as a piece of anti-Japanese propaganda.
 Spur in die Nacht is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 The Man Who Quit Smoking (Swedish: Mannen som slutade röka) is a 1972 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson starring Gösta Ekman Grynet Molvig Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt and Gunn Wållgren. The film is known as a Hasseåtage-film and is a great cult classic in Sweden.
 The Devil's Foot is a 1921 British short film directed by Maurice Elvey.
 A Romance of Happy Valley is a 1919 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. Believed lost for almost 50 years a print was discovered in 1965 in USSR.
 Circus World (released as The Magnificent Showman in the United Kingdom) is a 1964 drama film starring John Wayne Claudia Cardinale and Rita Hayworth. It was directed by Henry Hathaway and produced by Samuel Bronston with a screenplay by Ben Hecht Julian Halevy and James Edward Grant from a story by Philip Yordan and Nicholas Ray. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Song for Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington (lyrics) while Rita Hayworth was nominated for the Best Actress award.
 The Big Empty is a 2005 short film starring Selma Blair about a woman with an unusual condition that baffles scientists and everymen alike. It was written directed and produced by Lisa Chang and Newton Thomas Sigel. It is based on the short story The Specialist by Alison Smith. It was executive produced by George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh.
 Black Ice (UK title A Passion for Murder) is a film released in 1992.Black Ice was directed by Neill Fearnley and featured Joanna Pacuła Michael Ironside Michael Nouri Mickey Jones Brent Neale Harry Nelken Arne Olsen. Gene Pyrz Thom Schioler and Rick Skene. The film was shot on location in Winnipeg.
 The Last Bastion is a television mini-series which aired in Australia in November 1984. It is a docudrama telling the story of Australia's involvement in World War II and its often strained relations with its two main allies Great Britain and the United States.The running time of the series is reported as 360 minutes (6 hours) on the IMDb page but the actual running time of the series both on VHS tape and DVD is approximately 160 minutes.
 Budget Padmanabham is a 2001 Telugu film and remake of Tamil film Budget Padmanabhan directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy and produced by G. Naraya Rao . Jagapathi babu and Ramyakrishna played the lead roles.
 All the Pretty Horses is a 2000 American romance western film directed by Billy Bob Thornton and based on the novel of the same title by author Cormac McCarthy. It stars Matt Damon as John Grady Cole the main character and Penélope Cruz as Alejandra Villarreal the central character. The film received mostly negative reviews and grossed only $18 million worldwide.
 The Chances of the World Changing is a 2006 documentary film about Richard Ogust's efforts to save endangered turtle species from extinction. It was directed and produced by Eric Daniel Metzgar (Merigold Moving Pictures) and produced by Nell Carden Grey (Pigeon Post Pictures).
 Mussanjemaatu (Kannada: ಮುಸ್ಸಂಜೆಮಾತು) is a 2008 Romantic film starring Sudeep and Ramya. The film was directed by Mahesh. The movie is produced by Suresh Jain. The music of the film was launched on 4 April 2008. The movie was released on 16 May 2008. Mussanje Maatu has been remade in Bengali with the name Achena Prem which was released on 8 July 2011.
 Louise (Take 2) is a 1998 French drama film directed by Siegfried. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.
 Carib Gold (1956) is a maritime themed B-movie written and filmed almost entirely in Key West Florida with locally-cast musicians and extras. It is most notable for its largely African-American cast headlined by Ethel Waters featuring the first known film roles for both Geoffrey Holder and Cicely Tyson. Thought lost for decades the film is now in the public domain and was digitized in early 2012 and released online for free public viewing by Southern Methodist University as part of the G.
 Hope Ranch is a television feature film about a reformatory farm for delinquent youths starring Bruce Boxleitner Lorenzo Lamas Barry Corbin and Gail O'Grady. Hope Ranch was the first The Discovery Channel-Animal Planet original feature film which initially aired in 2002 and was later released on DVD in 2004. Hope Ranch was directed by Rex Piano.
 Il giorno del Cobra (internationally released as Day of the Cobra) is a 1980 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
 Johan Cruijff – En un momento dado is a 2004 documentary film by Ramon Gieling on the life of Dutch footballer Johan Cruijff.
 The Colonel (Hungarian: Az Ezredes) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz. It featured Bela Lugosi in one of his earliest screen roles.
 A Mother's Atonement is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A partially complete copy (reels one and two of three) are in the Library of Congress.
 Sethupathi IPS is a 1994 Tamil movie starring Vijayakanth Meena and Nambiar. The movie deal the story of a police officer who fight against terrorism. The movie was shot in 180 days and entirely in Chennai. It is one of the biggest blockbusters of Vijayakanth's during 90s.
 Killing Zoe is a 1994 crime film written and directed by Roger Avary. It stars Eric Stoltz Jean-Hugues Anglade and Julie Delpy. The story details a safe cracker named Zed who returns to France to aid an old friend in performing a doomed bank heist. Killing Zoe is regarded as a respected cult favorite and has been labeled by Roger Ebert as Generation X's first bank caper movie.
 Lords of Dogtown is a 2005 American biographical drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Stacy Peralta. The film is based on the story of The Z-Boys an influential group of skateboarders who revolutionized the sport.
 Holiday Affair is a black-and-white 1949 light romantic comedy film starring Robert Mitchum and Janet Leigh. In this modest film directed and produced by Don Hartman Mitchum expanded from his typical roles in film noir and war films. It was based on the story Christmas Gift by John D. Weaver also the film's working title.Set during the Christmas season the film was not well received on its initial release.
 Mon oncle d'Amérique (My American Uncle) is a 1980 French film directed by Alain Resnais. The film stars Gérard Depardieu Nicole Garcia and Roger Pierre.
 Kings of Devon is a 2010 Indian dark comedy film written produced and directed by Rahsaan Islam. Islam also stars in the film which was made for charity. It was released in the United States on 17 September 2010.
 Goodbye December (Malayalam: ഗുഡ് ബൈ ഡിസംബര്‍) is a Malayalam musical romance film directed by Sajeed A and produced by Sadanandan Lucsam. The film stars Asif Ali in the lead role along with the debuting actress and Miss Universe India 2010 Ushoshi Sengupta and Nandini Rai. Rai will also be seen as a naughty teacher in her first Malayalam film.The film also marks the debut of Shillong Chamber Choir who will be singing composing the songs and even doing the background score for the film.
 Benny's Video is a 1992 Austrian-Swiss horror-of-personality film directed by Michael Haneke. The plot of the film centers on Benny (Arno Frisch) a teenager who views much of his life as distilled through video images and his well-to-do parents Anna (Angela Winkler) and Georg (Ulrich Mühe) who enable Benny's focus on video cameras and images. The film won the FIPRESCI Award at the 1993 European Film Awards.
 The Fighting Devil Dogs (1938) is a 12-chapter Republic movie serial starring Lee Powell and Herman Brix the latter better known by his later stage name Bruce Bennett. It was directed by William Witney and John English. While not often considered one of the best serials ever made as it contains a lot of stock footage and two recap chapters it is famous for its main villain The Lightning—the very first costumed supervillain.
 Ex is a 2009 film directed and co-written by Fausto Brizzi and interpreted by a rich and large cast of characters.The film produced by Italian International Film in co-production with the French company and Mes Films in collaboration with RAI Cinema. It was released February 6 2009 in Italian cinema and has been recognized as national cultural interest by the Directorate General for Cinema of the Ministry of Heritage and Culture.
 John Jani Janardhan is a Hindi film is directed by T.Rama Rao. South Indian Superstar Rajinikanth played the main lead in a triple role. John being the father and johnny and janardhan being the two sons. It is a remake of the 1982 Tamil film Moondru Mugam which starred Rajinikanth and Raadhika.
 For the algorithmic performance concept 'constant factor' see Big O notation.The Constant Factor (Polish: Constans) is a 1980 Polish film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. It tells the story of a young man struggling to face the death of his mother and harbouring a desire to climb the Himalayas as his father had done.The film won the Jury Prize and the Prize of the Ecumenical Jury at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
 March of the Dinosaurs is also a song on the album The Dinosaur Record.March of the Dinosaurs is a CGI film which has appeared on television and was released on DVD on 27 May 2011. It was made by Impossible Pictures the same company that created the Walking with... series and Prehistoric Park. Set 70 million years ago in the Cretaceous in North America the film follows the journey of a young Edmontosaurus named Scar and his herd as they migrate south for the winter.
 Déficit is a 2007 Mexican feature film the debut of Gael García Bernal as a director. It was written by Kyzza Terrazas and debuted at the Cannes Film Festival on May 21 2007.In the film the lives of the rich Cristobal and his sister are contrasted with those of the servants on the estate. However the riches are from illegal sources it would seem and his father is on the run in Europe.
 Farewell My Concubine (simplified Chinese: 霸王别姬; traditional Chinese: 霸王別姬; pinyin: Bàwáng Bié Jī; literally The Hegemon-King Bids Farewell to His Concubine) a 1993 Chinese drama film directed by Chen Kaige is one of the central works of the Fifth Generation movement that brought Chinese film directors to world attention.
 Aiko 16 sai (アイコ十六歳) is a 1983 Japanese film directed by Akiyoshi Imazeki.
 Antes Que O Mundo Acabe (English: Before the World Ends) is a 2009 Brazilian film by Ana Luiza Azevedo. It had its world premier at the Take 3 Dawn Breakers International Film Festival in Zurich and was released worldwide in 2010.
 Journey to Promethea is a 2010 American epic fantasy film written and directed by Daniel Garcia starring Billy Zane Scott L. Schwartz and Louis Herthum.
 Ashik Kerib (Georgian აშიკი ქერიბი Azerbaijani: Aşıq Qərib Russian: Ашик-кериб Armenian: Աշուղ ղարիբը) is a 1988 film by the Soviet-Armenian filmmaker Sergei Parajanov based on the short story of the same name by Mikhail Lermontov. It was Parajanov's last completed film and was dedicated to his close friend Andrei Tarkovsky who had died two years previously. The film also features a detailed portrayal of Azerbaijani culture.
 Better Living Through Circuitry is a 1999 documentary directed by Jon Reiss about the electronic dance music cultural scene of the 90's. This is considered the first full-length documentary film that goes behind the electronic dance scene and uncovers the culture it has spawned.
 The Whole City Sings (Italian:Tutta la città canta) is a 1945 Italian comedy film directed by Riccardo Freda. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Whistle is a 2003 Tamil slasher film Tamil film which is a remake of the English horror film Urban Legend. Although the film was an average grosser its music became very successful. The film was the debut of Vikramaditya Shukla in the lead role.
 My Favorite Martian is a 1999 comic science fiction film starring Christopher Lloyd Jeff Daniels Daryl Hannah Elizabeth Hurley Wallace Shawn and Ray Walston based on the 1960s television series of the same name. It was directed by Donald Petrie and written by original-series creator John L. Greene Sherri Stoner and Deanna Oliver. Creatures were created by Amalgamated Dynamics from designs by Jordu Schell.
 1. April 2000 is a 1952 political satire film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Hilde Krahl made during the Allied Occupation of Austria (1945–55).
 Dance Madness is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard based upon a script by Frederica Sagor. The film starred Claire Windsor Conrad Nagel and Hedda Hopper. Dance Madness is now considered lost.According to the credited screenwriter Frederica Sagor Dance Madness was patently a rewrite of The Guardsman a work by Ferenc Molnár that was later directly adapted for film. Sagor notes the screenplay was not written by her but by Alice D.G.
 The Fabulous Dorseys is a 1947 fictionalized biographical film which tells the story of Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey from their boyhood in Shenandoah Pennsylvania through their rise their breakup and their personal reunion.The Dorsey Brothers starred as themselves. Other actors include Janet Blair William Lundigan Sara Allgood and Arthur Shields.
 Hemp for Victory is a black-and-white United States government film made during World War II and released in 1942 explaining the uses of hemp encouraging farmers to grow as much as possible.
 Café de Flore is a Canadian drama film released in 2011. Directed written and edited by Jean-Marc Vallée the film garnered 13 nominations for the 2012 Genie Awards.
 If the Sun Rises in the West (Hangul: 해가 서쪽에서 뜬다면; RR: Haega seojjog-eseo tteundamyeon) is a 1998 South Korean film and was the commercial directorial debut of Lee Eun.
 Speed Devils is a 1935 American film directed by Joseph Henabery coproduced by Perfect Circle Piston Company and Warner Brothers and released by Warner Brothers. The film is also known as Thru Traffic.
 A Gem of a Jam is the 76th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Shree is a 2013 Bollywood Science Fiction thriller film starring Hussain Kuwajerwala directed by Rajesh Bachchani and produced by Vikram M. Shah. The film released in India on 26 April 2013.Shree is a tale of an ordinary man lured in by promises of a bright and successful future trading in 12 hours of his life.
 The Bonfire of the Vanities is a 1990 American film adaptation of the best-selling novel of the same name by Tom Wolfe originally serialized in Rolling Stone. A critical and commercial flop the movie was directed by Brian De Palma and stars Tom Hanks as Sherman McCoy Bruce Willis as Peter Fallow Melanie Griffith as Maria Ruskin and Kim Cattrall as Judy McCoy Sherman's wife. The screenplay was written by Michael Cristofer and the original music score was composed by Dave Grusin.
 Dead Lucky is a 1960 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Vincent Ball Betty McDowall John Le Mesurier Alfred Burke and Michael Ripper. A crime reporter teams up with a fashion journalist to investigate illegal goings-on at a Mayfair gambling club. The film was produced by Robert Dunbar for Act Films Ltd.
 The Pigeon That Took Rome is a 1962 film directed and written by Melville Shavelson and starring Charlton Heston. The film was based upon the novel The Easter Dinner written by Donald Downes.
 Six O'Clock News is a 1996 documentary film by Ross McElwee about television news in the United States the randomness of fate the anxiety of parenting and the difference between representation and reality.
 Superman (1948) is a 15-part black-and-white Columbia film serial based on the comic book character Superman. It stars an uncredited Kirk Alyn (billed only by his character name Superman; but credited on the promotional posters) and Noel Neill as Lois Lane. Like Batman it is notable as the first live-action appearance of Superman on film and for the longevity of its distribution.
 Ilamai Kaalangal is a 1983 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Manivannan. The film stars Mohan Sasikala and Sukumari in the lead roles.
 Colonel Blood (1934) was a British film written and directed by W.P. Lipscomb. It was a dramatised account of Thomas Blood a 17th-century adventurer in England.
 Too Tired to Die is a 1998 American-Korean independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Wonsuk Chin and starring Takeshi Kaneshiro and Mira Sorvino. The film is about a young Japanese man who learns he has only twelve hours left to live. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20 1998 in the American Spectrum section.
 Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a 1986 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the fourth feature film in the film series and completes the story arc begun in The Wrath of Khan and continued in The Search for Spock. Intent on returning home to Earth to face trial for their crimes the former crew of the USS Enterprise finds the planet in grave danger from an alien probe attempting to contact now-extinct humpback whales.
 Through the Sluice Gates is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by John G. Adolfi starring William Garwood and Belle Bennett.
 Sky High (also known as Skyhigh) is a supernatural action film from director Ryuhei Kitamura. It is based on the manga of the same title by Tsutomu Takahashi and serves as a prequel to a Japanese television drama of the same name and starring the same actress Yumiko Shaku. Although the film is a prequel to the series the film was made while the series was still in production sometime between the first and second seasons.
 Between Your Legs (Spanish: Entre las piernas) is a 1999 Spanish drama film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira. It was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. It stars Javier Bardem as the main character and Victoria Abril Carmen Balagué María Adánez and Sergi López as supporting characters.
 All The Way Boys (Italian: Più forte ragazzi!) is a 1973 Italian film starring the popular comedy team of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer.
 Their First Mistake is a 1932 short film starring Laurel and Hardy directed by George Marshall and produced by Hal Roach.
 Scouts to the Rescue (1939) is a Universal film serial.
 Cabezas cortadas (Portuguese: Cabeças Cortadas) is a 1970 Spanish-Brazilian drama film directed by Glauber Rocha.
 Karungali is a Tamil film directed by Kalanjiyam. It stars Kalanjiyam Srinivas and Anjali in the lead. Was a critical and commercial failure
 The Admirable Crichton (released in the United States as Paradise Lagoon) is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Kenneth More Diane Cilento Cecil Parker and Sally Ann Howes. The film was based on J. M. Barrie's 1902 stage comedy of the same name.
 Pot o' Gold is a 1941 American romantic musical comedy film starring James Stewart and Paulette Goddard directed by George Marshall and based on the radio series Pot o' Gold. The film was released April 3 1941 eight months before the NBC radio series came to an end. Paulette Goddard's singing voice was dubbed by Vera Van.The film is also known as Jimmy Steps Out (American alternative title) and as The Golden Hour (in the United Kingdom).
 Alguien te está mirando (English language:Somebody is Watching You) is a 1988 Argentine horror film directed and written by Gustavo Cova and Horacio Maldonado. The film starred Horacio Erman. The horror film was released in English speaking countries as Somebody is Hanging Around.
 For other films with this title see Street Corner (disambiguation).Street Corner (1929) is a black-and-white short film starring Josef Swickard and Henry B. Walthall and directed by Russell Birdwell.
 Kamla Ki Maut (Death of Kamla) is a 1989 Hindi drama film directed by Basu Chatterjee. The film set in Mumbai deals with issue of love pre-marital sex and relationships in modern India. It stars Pankaj Kapoor Supriya Pathak and Roopa Ganguly in lead roles.At the 36th Filmfare Awards the film won the Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay for Basu Chatterjee.
 Thunder in the Sun is a 1959 western film directed by Russell Rouse starring Susan Hayward and Jeff Chandler.
 The World of Geisha (四畳半襖の裏張り Yojōhan fusuma no urahari) aka A Man and a Woman Behind the Fusuma Screen is a 1973 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Tatsumi Kumashiro and starring Junko Miyashita. The mainstream film journal Kinema Junpo included it in their choices for best ten films of the year of 1973.
 Stevnemøte med glemte år is a 1957 Norwegian drama film directed by Jon Lennart Mjøen. It was entered into the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Yes We Have No Bonanza is the 39th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Pallandu Vazhga (Tamil: பல்லாண்டு வாழ்க; English: Live Long!) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar starring M. G. Ramachandran and Latha in the lead roles. It is a remake of V. Shantaram's 1957 Hindi film Do Aankhen Barah Haath.
 Music in High Places: Live in Hawaii is a DVD in the line of 'MTV's Music in High Places series' and documents the alternative metal band Deftones playing previously released songs by them on the island of Hawaii partially with acoustic setups.
 The Third Clue is a 1934 British crime film directed by Albert Parker and starring Basil Sydney Molly Lamont Robert Cochran and Raymond Lovell. Two criminals try to recover loot hidden in an isolated manor house.
 Nayakan (English: The Hero) also known as Nayagan is a 1987 Indian Tamil crime film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and starring Kamal Haasan. It is based on the real-life Bombay underworld don Varada aka Varadarajan Mudaliar and sympathetically depicts the struggle of South Indians living in Bombay. The film also stars Saranya Ponvannan in her silver screen debut Karthika Nassar Janagaraj Delhi Ganesh and Tinnu Anand.
 The Monster is a 1925 silent comedy horror directed by Roland West based on the play by Crane Wilbur and starring Lon Chaney and Johnny Arthur and is remembered as an antecedental Old Dark House movie as well as a precedent to many subgenre of horror films. The film has been shown on TCM network with an alternate uncredited musical score.
 Giorgino is a 1994 French film directed by Laurent Boutonnat.
 Love Is a Many Stupid Thing is a 2004 comedy film written produced and directed by Wong Jing and starring Eric Tsang Chapman To Natalis Chan Shawn Yue Lam Chi-chung and Raymond Wong. The film is a parody of the 2002 hit film Infernal Affairs which featured Tsang To and Yue.
 XX: Beautiful Beast (XX 美しき獣 XX: Utsukushiki kemono) is a 1995 Japanese film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda. The film stars Kaori Shimamura Takanori Kikuchi and Hakuryu.
 Johnny Apollo is a 1940 crime film directed by Henry Hathaway.It stars Tyrone Power as a man who resorts to crime to buy a pardon for his embezzler father (Edward Arnold). Lloyd Nolan plays the gangster he works for while Dorothy Lamour portrays the boss's girlfriend.
 Hōtai Club (包帯クラブ lit. The Bandage Club) is a Japanese movie directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi that came out in 2007 based on a novel by Tendō Arata. It is rated PG-13 and lasts 118 minutes. This drama stars Yūya Yagira as Dino Tatsuya 'Dino' Ideno (Ideno 'Dino' Tatsuya) and Satomi Ishihara as Emiko 'Wara' Kiba.
 The Falcon in San Francisco is a 1945 American mystery film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Tom Conway Rita Corday and Edward Brophy. It was the eleventh in The Falcon series of films and the eighth featuring Conway. It was the final film in the series produced by Maurice Geraghty after which budgets were reduced and location shooting largely abandoned.
 Nakshal is a 2014 upcoming Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Debaditya Bandopadhyay starring Mithun Chakraborty Dhritiman Chatterjee and Kanchana Moitra in lead roles.
 Jūkyūsai no Chizu (十九歳の地図) (English: A 19-Year-Old's Map) is a 1979 Japanese film directed by Mitsuo Yanagimachi.
 Big Fan is a 2009 independent drama film written and directed by Robert D. Siegel and starring Patton Oswalt Kevin Corrigan Marcia Jean Kurtz Michael Rapaport and Scott Ferrall. The story revolves around the bleak yet amiable life of the self-described world’s biggest New York Giants fan Paul Aufiero (Oswalt). Big Fan garnered positive reviews at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.[citation needed] The film had a limited release in the United States beginning on August 28 2009.
 Capricious Summer (Czech: Rozmarné léto) is a 1968 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel. It is based on the novel Rozmarné léto (Summer of Caprice) by the Czech writer Vladislav Vančura. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.The film depicts a humorous story of three men a colonel a priest and a bath-keeper during rainy summer days.
 This article is about the 1971 film. For the wrestler of a similar name see Billy Jack Haynes.Billy Jack is a 1971 action/drama independent film; the second of four films centering on a character of the same name which began with the movie The Born Losers (1967) played by Tom Laughlin who directed and co-wrote the script. Filming began in Prescott Arizona in the fall of 1969 but the movie was not completed until 1971. American International Pictures pulled out halting filming.
 Third Time Lucky is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Bobby Howes Dorothy Boyd and Gordon Harker. It was based on a play by Arnold Ridley. The film's sets were designed by art director Walter Murton.
 Mary Mother of Jesus is a 1999 American Biblical drama television film that retells the story of Jesus through the eyes of Mary his mother.It stars Swedish actresses Pernilla August and Melinda Kinnaman as Mary English actor David Threlfall as Joseph (his legal guardian not father) and English actor Christian Bale as Jesus.
 Bab El-Oued City is a 1994 Algerian drama film directed by Merzak Allouache. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Award.
 Better Living Through Chemistry is an American comedy drama film directed and written by David Posamentier and Geoff Moore. The film stars Sam Rockwell Olivia Wilde Michelle Monaghan and Ray Liotta. The film was released on March 14 2014.
 Fréquence meurtre is a 1988 French crime film directed by Élisabeth Rappeneau. It is based on Stuart M. Kaminsky's 1983 novel When the Dark Man Calls.
 The Fighting Coward is a 1924 American comedy film produced by Famous Players-Lasky released by Paramount Pictures and directed by James Cruze. The film stars Ernest Torrence Mary Astor Noah Beery Sr. Phyllis Haver and Cullen Landis. It survives in 16 mm prints and a print is rumored to be in Gosfilmofond archive in Moscow
 Jean-Philippe is a French film directed by Laurent Tuel and starring Fabrice Luchini and Johnny Hallyday.
 A Tough Winter is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 99th (11th talking) Our Gang short that was released.
 Prem Rog (Hindi: प्रेम रोग; English: Love Sickness) is 1982 romantic Bollywood film directed by Raj Kapoor. The film tells the story of a man's love towards a woman who is a widow and of a higher status. In one of the songs he sings that he is prem rogi (love sick). The film is considered a classic work by the director Raj Kapoor and became a silver jubilee blockbuster. Raj Kapoor returned to social themes with this film. The film earned high critical acclaim.
 Albela is a Bollywood film released in the year 1971. It is directed by A. Shamsher and produced by Sanat Kothari.
 72 Tenants of Prosperity (72家租客) is a 2010 Hong Kong comedy film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio Television Broadcasts Limited United Filmmakers Organization Sil-Metropole Organisation and Sun Wah Media Group. It was directed by Eric Tsang and starred Tsang himself and various other actors. It was released in Hong Kong Malaysia Australia and New Zealand on 11 February 2010.This film used the 1973 film The House of 72 Tenants as a blueprint.
 Lonesome Luke on Tin Can Alley is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.
 Case départ (Tee box) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Lionel Steketee Fabrice Eboué and Thomas N'Gijol.
 Dust of Angels (Taiwanese: 少年吔，安啦！; pinyin: Siàu-liān-ê Àn-la!) is a 1992 Taiwanese crime film directed by Hsu Hsiao-ming executive produced by Taiwanese filmmaker Hou Hsiao-hsien. It was entered into Directors' Fortnight at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 Silk Stockings is a 1957 Metrocolor Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer CinemaScope musical film adaptation of the 1955 stage musical of the same name which itself was a remake of Ninotchka. It was directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starred Fred Astaire and Cyd Charisse.
 The Substitute 2: School's Out is a 1998 straight-to-DVD action-crime-thriller film directed by Steven Pearl and starring Treat Williams as Carl Thomasson (later spelled Karl in the sequels) a mercenary who masquerades as a teacher in order to enter a tough urban school and wreak his revenge upon his brother's killer.The film has very little connection to The Substitute other than Joey Six (Shale's only surviving mercenary in the movie this time portrayed by Angel David instead of Raymond Cruz) aiding Thomasson during the course of the movie.
 Falling Up (known in Australia as The Golden Door) is a 2009 romantic comedy film that was released direct-to-video in late 2009 or early 2010 depending on region.
 A River Changes Course is a 2013 documentary by Kalyanee Mam. The film explores the damage rapid development has wrought in her native Cambodia on both a human and environmental level. The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival on January 21 2013 and won the Grand Jury Prize for World Documentary. The film also received the Golden Gate Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 2013 San Francisco International Film Festival.
 Purple Gas is a 2003 independent feature film starring Dana Andersen Belinda Cornish Josh Dean Donovan Workun and Ron Pederson. Mark Meer provides the opening narration. It was directed by William Minsky and produced by Randal Atamaniuk. Original music score by Jan Randall.
 Moskal-Charivnyk (Ukrainian: Москаль-Чарівник) is a 1995 musical comedy by the Ukrainian filmmaker Mykola Zasieyev-Rudenko based on the book by Ukrainian writer Ivan Kotliarevskyi. The film features a detailed portrayal of Ukrainian culture showing the beauty of Ukrainian traditions music costumes and language.
 The Sternstein Manor (German: Der Sternsteinhof) is a 1976 West German drama film directed by Hans W. Geißendörfer. It was entered into the 10th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Hi-Jackers is a 1963 British crime thriller directed by Jim O'Connolly. It stars Antony Booth and Jacqueline Ellis. Shot in black and white the film has a taut storyline and is quite well produced.
 The Suitor (French: Le Soupirant) is a 1962 French comedy film directed by and starring Pierre Étaix. It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival and the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival.
 La que no perdonó is a 1938 Argentine film directed by José A. Ferreyra. The film premiered in Buenos Aires.
 The Young Master (Chinese: 師弟出馬) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Yuen Biao Feng Feng and Shih Kien. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 9 February 1980.The film is notable for being the first that Jackie Chan worked on for Golden Harvest and despite being his second film as director (his first was The Fearless Hyena) this is often incorrectly regarded as his directorial debut.
 The Lathe of Heaven is a 1979 film (released in 1980) based on the 1971 science fiction novel The Lathe of Heaven by Ursula K. Le Guin. It was produced in 1979 as part of New York City public television station WNET's Experimental TV Lab project and directed by David Loxton and Fred Barzyk. Le Guin by her own account was involved in the casting script planning re-writing and filming of the production.The film stars Bruce Davison as protagonist George Orr Kevin Conway as Dr.
 Anbe Anbe is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2003.
 Moon of the Wolf is an American made-for-television Gothic horror film first broadcast on September 26 1972 on ABC Movie of the Week. It starred David Janssen Barbara Rush Geoffrey Lewis and Bradford Dillman with a script by Alvin Sapinsley (based on Leslie H. Whitten's novel of the same name). The film was directed by Daniel Petrie and filmed on location in Burnside Louisiana. All of the downtown footage was from Clinton Louisiana.
 Migratory Birds of the Flowers (花の渡り鳥 Hana no Wataridori) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Katsuhiko Tasaka
 The Crooked Web is a 1955 film directed by Nathan Juran. It stars Frank Lovejoy and Mari Blanchard.
 Taarzan: The Wonder Car is a 2004 romantic thriller film directed by Abbas Burmawalla and Mustan Burmawalla. The film stars Vatsal Seth Ajay Devgn and Ayesha Takia in the lead roles while Farida Jalal Shakti Kapoor Amrish Puri Pankaj Dheer Sadashiv Amrapurkar Gulshan Grover and Mukesh Tiwari play supporting roles. The film is inspired by the 1983 horror Christine. The film was released as a part of launching the car named Tarzan.
 State Legislature is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman. It details the workings of the Idaho Legislature.
 Terrible Joe Moran is a 1984 television film directed by Joseph Sargent. The TV-movie stars James Cagney in his final film Art Carney and Ellen Barkin. The film about an aging ex-boxer (Cagney) confined to a wheelchair won an Emmy Award in 1984. Clips from Cagney's 1932 boxing picture Winner Take All were also used to illustrate the character's earlier career.
 The Deep is a 1977 adventure film directed by Peter Yates and based on Peter Benchley's novel of the same name. The film stars Robert Shaw Jacqueline Bisset and Nick Nolte.
 Love Me No More (French: Deux jours à tuer) is a 2008 French drama film directed by Jean Becker.
 For You I Die is a 1947 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt and featuring Cathy Downs Paul Langton Mischa Auer and Roman Bohnen.
 Stammheim - Die Baader-Meinhof-Gruppe vor Gericht (Stammheim - The Baader-Meinhof Gang On Trial) is a 1986 West German film directed by Reinhard Hauff. It tells the story of the trial in the court of Stammheim Prison of the Baader-Meinhof Group of left-wing terrorists.
 Roller Derby Girl is a 1949 short American film directed by Justin Herman.
 It Can Be Done Amigo (Italian: Si può fare... amigo) is a 1972 Spanish / Italian / French film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.The film is also known as Saddle Tramps (English title in Canada)
 My Brother Talks to Horses is a 1947 Drama directed by Fred Zinnemann Jackie 'Butch' Jenkins Peter Lawford and Beverly Tyler.
 Cronos is a 1993 Mexican vampire horror film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro and starring veteran Argentinean actor Federico Luppi and American actor Ron Perlman. Cronos is del Toro's first feature film and the first of several films on which he collaborated with Luppi and Perlman.
 Mukhamukham (Translation: Face to Face; Malayalam: മുഖാമുഖം) (1984) is a Malayalam feature film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan.
 Love Speaks (Chinese: 意外的恋爱时光) is a 2013 Chinese romance film directed by Li Zhi and starring Jaycee Chan and Amber Kuo.
 Certain Chapters is a short independent Tamil-Language film released in Singapore.The film was Abbas Akbar's first attempt at directing and casting himself in front of the camera.
 Dougal and the Blue Cat called Pollux et le Chat Bleu in France is a 1970 film based on The Magic Roundabout.
 Sione's 2: Unfinished Business is a 2012 comedic New Zealand film directed by Simon Bennett and written by Oscar Kightley and James Griffin. It is the sequel to the hugely successful 2006 film Sione's Wedding.
 Er Più – storia d'amore e di coltello is a 1971 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci.
 Sto metrów miłości (One Hundred Metres of Love) is a 1932 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 Fred: The Movie (stylized as FЯED: THE MOVIE) is a 2010 independent comedy film written by David A. Goodman directed by Clay Weiner and produced by Brian Robbins. The film is based on the adventures of Fred Figglehorn a character created and played by Lucas Cruikshank for Cruikshank's YouTube channel. The film casts Siobhan Fallon Hogan and John Cena as Fred's parents and pop singer and actress Pixie Lott as Fred's crush Judy.
 Madigan's Millions (It: Un dollaro per 7 vigliacchi Sp: El Millón de Madigan) is a 1968 Italian-Spanish movie directed by Stanley Prager and produced by Sidney W. Pink.The movie was actually shot in 1966 but was not released for two years. It stars Dustin Hoffman in his first movie role as Jason Fister a young U.S. Treasury Dept.
 Drishyam (Malayalam: ദൃശ്യം English translation: Visual) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam drama–thriller film written and directed by Jeethu Joseph and starring Mohanlal and Meena in the lead roles. The film was produced by Antony Perumbavoor under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas. Mohanlal appears as a common farmer while Meena plays his wife. The film's music was composed by Anil Johnson and Vinu Thomas. The cinematography was performed by Sujith Vassudev.
 Crimson Gold (Persian: طلای سرخ Talaye Sorkh‎) is a 2003 Iranian film directed by Jafar Panahi and written by Abbas Kiarostami. The film was never distributed in Iranian theatres because it was considered too dark. Therefore it was not possible that Crimson Gold be considered as the Iranian entry for Best Foreign Language Film for the 2003 Oscars as it was not released in Iran.
 Rockabye is a 1932 American drama film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay by Jane Murfin is based on a play by Lucia Bronder.
 The Night Visitor (Swedish title: Papegojan) is a 1971 Swedish psychological thriller film in English starring Max von Sydow Liv Ullmann Trevor Howard Per Oscarsson Rupert Davies and Andrew Keir and directed by Laslo Benedek.
 The Hollywood Knights (1980) is an American motion picture comedy written and directed by Floyd Mutrux depicting the crass and mischievous antics and practical jokes of the remaining members of a 1950s-era car club turned social fraternity in and around Beverly Hills and Hollywood in 1965.
 North Face (German: Nordwand) is a 2008 German historical fiction film directed by Philipp Stölzl and starring Benno Fürmann Florian Lukas Johanna Wokalek and Ulrich Tukur. Based on a famous 1936 attempt to climb the Eiger north face the film is about two German climbers involved in a competition to climb the most dangerous rock face in the Alps.
 Cyborg Nemesis (also known as Cyborg Nemesis: The Dark Rift) is an upcoming science fiction film directed by Albert Pyun starring Kevin Sorbo Dina Meyer Sasha Mitchell and Michael Paré. The film is a prequel to Pyun's 1989 film Cyborg.
 Corky is a 1972 film drama starring Robert Blake and directed by Leonard Horn.
 When Monaliza Smiled (Arabic: لما ضحكت موناليزا‎; Lamma Dehket Monaliza) is a 2012 Jordanian romantic comedy film directed by Fadi Hadadd produced by Nadia Eliwat and Nadine Toukan and starring Tahani Salim and Shady Khalaf with Haifa Al Agha Nadera Omran Fouad Al Shomali Haidar Kfouf and Suha Najjar. Its plot is set in Amman Jordan and the film is now is available online and on digital platforms.
 The Hessian Renegades is a 1909 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Watch Beverley is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Arthur Maude and starring Henry Kendall Dorothy Bartlam and Francis X. Bushman. It was adapted from a play by Cyril Campion. A British diplomat becomes engangled with a ring of international criminals.
 Dark World (Russian: Тёмный мир translit. Temny Mir) is a 2010 Russian urban fantasy/horror film directed by Anton Megerdichev. The film was the first Russian 3D format movie.
 La liceale (internationally released as The Teasers Under-graduate Girls Sophomore Swingers and Teasers) is a 1975 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. The film is considered the real breakout title for Gloria Guida and generated a Liceale film-series which consists of five titles four of them starred by the same Guida. It was followed by La liceale nella classe dei ripetenti.
 The Blue Parrot is a low budget 1953 British crime film directed by John Harlow and starring Dermot Walsh Jacqueline Hill Ballard Berkeley Richard Pearson and John Le Mesurier. The film was produced by Stanley Haynes for Act Films Ltd. Jacqueline Hill later became well known for playing Barbara one of the original companions of BBC TV's Doctor Who.British crime reporter Percy Hoskins provided the story.
 Lovely Rita is a 2001 Austrian drama film directed by Jessica Hausner. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Black Samson is a 1974 American blaxploitation film starring Rockne Tarkington William Smith and Connie Strickland. The film was written by Daniel B. Cady and Warren Hamilton Jr. directed by Charles Bail and released by Warner Bros.
 The Return of Courtney Love is a 2006 documentary film by Will Yapp documenting the progression of musician Courtney Love's second studio album How Dirty Girls Get Clean as well as her recovery from drug addiction. The documentary was first broadcast on More4 in the United Kingdom and Ireland on September 26 2006.
 Red River is a 1948 Western film directed and produced by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne and Montgomery Clift giving a fictional account of the first cattle drive from Texas to Kansas along the Chisholm Trail.
 Bentley's Conscience is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Robert Loraine Betty Faire and Henry Victor.
 Sixteen Candles is a 1984 American coming-of-age comedy film starring Molly Ringwald Michael Schoeffling and Anthony Michael Hall. It was written and directed by John Hughes.
 Diamond Jim is a 1935 biographical film based on the published biography Diamond Jim Brady by Parker Morell. It follows the life of legendary entrepreneur James Buchanan Brady including his romance with entertainer Lillian Russell and stars Edward Arnold Jean Arthur Cesar Romero and Binnie Barnes.The screenplay by Preston Sturges never lets the lurid facts of Brady's life get in the way of the story.
 All Nudity Shall Be Punished (Portuguese: Toda Nudez Será Castigada) is a 1973 Brazilian drama film based on Nelson Rodrigues' play by the same name and directed by Arnaldo Jabor. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Your Safety First was a 1956 promotional cartoon created by the Automobile Manufacturers of America. The 13 minute short set in the year 2000 explains the history of the automobile and the improvements to comfort performance and safety that have been made over the years. It led to the development of the animated series The Jetsons which borrowed heavily on the ideas presented in the cartoon including a three-hour work day automated flying cars and robotic arms performing most tasks.
 The Experiment is a 2010 direct-to-video thriller film directed by Paul T. Scheuring and starring Adrien Brody Forest Whitaker Cam Gigandet Clifton Collins Jr. and Maggie Grace about an experiment which resembles Philip Zimbardo's Stanford prison experiment in 1971.The film is a remake of the 2001 German film Das Experiment which was directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel.
 A Yank at Oxford (1938) is a British film directed by Jack Conway from a screenplay by John Monk Saunders and Leon Gordon. It was produced by MGM-British at Denham Studios. The film was parodied in the Laurel and Hardy film A Chump at Oxford (1940) and remade as Oxford Blues (1984) .
 Hero is a 2002 wuxia film directed by Zhang Yimou. Starring Jet Li as the nameless protagonist the film is based on the story of Jing Ke's assassination attempt on the King of Qin in 227 BC.Hero was first released in China on October 24 2002. At that time it was the most expensive project and the highest-grossing motion picture in Chinese film history.[citation needed] Miramax Films owned the American market distribution rights but delayed the release of the film for nearly two years.
 She Married Her Boss is a 1935 film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Claudette Colbert and Melvyn Douglas.
 Mental is a 2012 Australian comedy film directed by PJ Hogan and starring Toni Collette Rebecca Gibney Anthony LaPaglia and Liev Schreiber. It premiered on closing night at the 2012 Melbourne International Film Festival and was released in cinemas on 4 October 2012.
 The Grand Budapest Hotel is a 2014 comedy film written and directed by Wes Anderson and inspired by the writings of Stefan Zweig. It stars Ralph Fiennes as a concierge who teams up with one of his employees to prove his innocence after he is framed for murder.The film is a British-German co-production financed by German financial companies and film funding organizations and was filmed entirely on location in Germany.
 Long Vacations of 36 (Spanish: Las largas vacaciones del 36) is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino dealing with the effects of Spanish Civil War on a bourgeois family trapped by the conflict in a tourist village near Barcelona.The film won three awards at the 26th Berlin International Film Festival: FIPRESCI Prize Interfilm Award - Recommendation and UNICRIT Award - Honorable Mention.The original ending (Franco's cavalry entry in the village intentionally showed as a blurred image) was cut by Spanish censorship of that time. 
 Rakkuyilin Ragasadassil is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan starring Mammootty Suhasini Adoor Bhasi Jagathi Sreekumar and Lizy
 Malavita is a 1951 Italian film.
 A Fairly Odd Christmas is a 2012 television film that is the sequel to the 2011 live-action TV film A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up Timmy Turner! and the second live-action adaptation of the Nickelodeon animated television series The Fairly OddParents. This was Drake Bell's second appearance in a Christmas-themed Nickelodeon film the first being Merry Christmas Drake & Josh.The Nickelodeon Original Movie was first announced on March 14 2012.
 The Guilty is a 1947 film noir based directed by John Reinhardt based on a story by Cornell Woolrich. The film is based on Woolrich's short story Two Men in a Furnished Room. The film was produced by oil millionaire Jack Wrather the husband of lead actress Bonita Granville.
 Chandragrohon (Bengali: চন্দ্রগ্রহণ) is a Bangladeshi film. The film was released 2008 and younger director Muraz Parvez first time directed the film. The film features Riaz Shohana Saba and Champa in lead roles along with Shahiduzzaman Selim KS Firoz Dilara Jaman Kohinur Gazi Rakayet and Azom Faruk supporting role. In 2008 the film won three National Film Awards and including other four awards.
 The Inugamis (犬神家の一族  Inugami-ke no ichizoku) is a 2006 Japanese drama film written and directed by Kon Ichikawa. It is a remake of his 1976 film of the same name and would prove to be Ichikawa's final film.A few minutes' footage of Ichikawa at work directing can be seen in the 2006 documentary The Kon Ichikawa Story.The film was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mr. Marumakan is a 2012 Malayalam comedy-family drama film written by the duo Udayakrishna-Siby K. Thomas and directed by Sandhya Mohan. The movie stars Dileep and Sanusha in the lead roles and Bhagyaraj Khushboo Sheela Biju Menon Nedumudi Venu and Riyaz Khan in supporting roles.The film tells the story of three rich women Raja Kokila her adopted daughter Raja Mallika and her daughter Raja Lakshmi who believe that a woman can survive without the help of a man.
 Revolver (aka Blood in the Streets) is a poliziottesco film directed by Sergio Sollima and released in 1973. It stars Oliver Reed and Fabio Testi and the film's theme Un Amico which was scored by Ennio Morricone was also featured in Quentin Tarantino movie Inglourious Basterds (2009)
 All the Green Year is a 1980 Australian series based on a 1965 novel about three boys growing up on the eve of the Great Depression.The novel had sold more than 100000 copies.
 A Connecticut Yankee is a 1931 American film adaptation of Mark Twain's 1889 novel A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court. It was directed by David Butler to a script by William M. Conselman Owen Davis and Jack Moffitt. It was produced by Fox Film Corporation (later 20th Century Fox) who had earlier produced the 1921 silent adaptation of the novel A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court.
 The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler Scott Speedman Glenn Howerton Gemma Ward Laura Margolis and Kip Weeks.
 Anne B. Real is a 2003 dramatic coming-of-age film by Lisa France and Luis Moro starring David Zayas Carlos Leon Janice Richardson Jackie Quinones Eric Smith Geronimo Frias Jr Ernie Hudson Nesta Ward and Sherri Saum.
 Blast-Off Girls is a 1967 American exploitation film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.
 The Poacher's Foster Daughter or Noble Millionaire (Czech: Pytlákova schovanka aneb Šlechetný milionář) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1949.
 Inch'Allah Dimanche (Arabic: إن شاء الله الأحد‎ English: Sunday God Willing) is a 2001 French/Algerian movie by Yamina Benguigui about the life of an Algerian immigrant woman in France. The film won a variety of international awards including the 2001 International Critics' Award at the Toronto International Film Festival. Although Benguigui was urged to change the name of the film after the September 11 attacks she chose to keep the original title a portion of which is in Algerian Arabic.
 Enteng Ng Ina Mo is a 2011 Filipino fantasy comedy parody film starring Vic Sotto and Ai-Ai de las Alas. It is a joint production by Star Cinema M-Zet TV Productions APT Entertainment Production and Octo Arts Films and is a cross-over to the Enteng Kabisote and Tanging Ina series. It is an official entry to the 2011 Metro Manila Film Festival and was released on December 25 2011.
 Castaway is a 1986 film starring Amanda Donohoe and Oliver Reed and directed by Nicolas Roeg. It was adapted from its namesake 1984 book by Lucy Irvine telling of her experiences of staying for a year with writer Gerald Kingsland on the isolated island of Tuin between New Guinea and Australia.
 Boris Godunov (Russian: Борис Годунов) is a 1954 Soviet drama film directed by Vera Stroyeva based on the opera of the same name by Modest Mussorgsky. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.
 Ready When You Are Mr. McGill is a feature length TV drama written by Jack Rosenthal. ITV produced two versions in 1976 and 2003. The 1976 version was the first in a series of six single television plays called Red Letter Days each of which showed the events in a single special day in someone's life. The 2003 version was a remake which was partly rewritten by Rosenthal.
 Sorority House is a 1939 drama film starring Anne Shirley. The film was directed by John Farrow and based upon the Mary Coyle Chase play named Chi House.
 Der lachende Mann – Bekenntnisse eines Mörders is an East German film. It was released in 1966.
 The Buccaneers is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 23rd Our Gang short subject released.
 La chance de ma vie is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Nicolas Cuche.
 Selling Out is a 1972 Canadian short film for cinema and TV directed by Tadeusz Jaworski written and produced by Jack Winter distributed by Unit Productions and Encyclopædia Britannica.
 The Delta Force is a 1986 American film starring Chuck Norris and Lee Marvin as leaders of an elite squad of Special Forces troops based on the real life U.S. Army Delta Force unit. It was directed by Menahem Golan and featured Martin Balsam Joey Bishop Robert Vaughn Steve James Robert Forster Shelley Winters and George Kennedy. The film was produced in Israel. Two sequels were produced entitled Delta Force 2: The Colombian Connection and Delta Force 3: The Killing Game.
 The Nanny (Italian: La balia) is a 1999 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
 Casino Royale is a 1967 spy comedy film originally produced by Columbia Pictures starring an ensemble cast of directors and actors. It is loosely based on Ian Fleming's first James Bond novel. The film stars David Niven as the original Bond Sir James Bond 007. Forced out of retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies he soon battles the mysterious Dr. Noah and SMERSH.The film's slogan: Casino Royale is too much...
 Qila (Hindi: क़िला Urdu: قلعہ translation: Fort) is a 1998 Bollywood Hindi language film directed by Umesh Mehra and starring Dilip Kumar (playing a dual role) Rekha Mukul Dev Mamta Kulkarni Smita Jaykar and Gulshan Grover. This film was the last to star veteran actor Dilip Kumar who retired after the release of this film.
 He Who Gets Slapped is a 1924 American silent drama film starring Lon Chaney Norma Shearer and John Gilbert and directed by Victor Sjöström. The film is based on the Russian play Тот кто получает пощёчины (He Who Gets Slapped transliterated as Tot kto poluchayet poshchechini) by playwright Leonid Andreyev which was published in 1914 and in English as He Who Gets Slapped in 1922. The Russian original was made into a Russian movie in 1916.
 Sikka is a 1989 Indian Bollywood film directed by K. Bapaiah and produced by Shrikant Nahata. It stars Dharmendra Jackie Shroff Moushumi Chatterjee and Dimple Kapadia in pivotal roles.
 Gaalipata (Kannada: ಗಾಳಿಪಟ) is a 2008 Kannada-language film directed by Yogaraj Bhat of Mungaru Male fame. The film features an ensemble cast of Ganesh Diganth Rajesh Krishnan Daisy Bopanna Neethu and Bhavana Rao. The music for the film was composed by V. Harikrishna.
 Naughty but Nice is a 1927 silent American comedy film.
 On the Run is a 1988 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Alfred Cheung. The film stars Yuen Biao Pat Ha and Charlie Chin.
 Chappie is an upcoming film co-written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. The film stars Sharlto Copley Hugh Jackman Dev Patel Sigourney Weaver and Watkin Tudor Jones and Anri du Toit of Die Antwoord.
 Far Out Man was a 1990 comedy film written directed by and starring Tommy Chong. It was filmed in Los Angeles California USA. Cinetel Films produced the movie and it was distributed in USA theaters by New Line Cinema Sony Video (VHS) Platinum Disc (DVD) and RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video (VHS). It was distributed in Germany by Ascot Video (VHS) and in Brazil by Odyssey (VHS). It was distributed in Canadian theaters by Alliance.
 RKO 281 is a 1999 historical drama film directed by Benjamin Ross. It stars Liev Schreiber James Cromwell Melanie Griffith John Malkovich Roy Scheider and Liam Cunningham. The film depicts the troubled production behind the 1941 film Citizen Kane. The film's title is a reference to the original production number of Citizen Kane.
 The Canyons is a 2013 American erotic thriller-drama film directed by Paul Schrader and written by Bret Easton Ellis. The film is set in Los Angeles and stars Lindsay Lohan James Deen Nolan Funk Amanda Brooks and Gus Van Sant. It received a limited release on August 2 2013 at the IFC Center in New York City the Bell Lightbox in Toronto and on video on demand platforms.
 Black Arrow (1944) is a Columbia film serial. It was the twenty-fourth of the fifty-seven serials released by Columbia.
 Very Ordinary Couple (Hangul: 연애의 온도; RR: Yeon-ae-ui Ondo; lit. Temperature of Love or Degree of Love) is a 2013 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed by Roh Deok (alternatively spelled Noh Deok) starring Kim Min-hee and Lee Min-ki as a recently separated couple who being employees at the same bank must deal with the prospect of continually seeing each other on a daily basis.
 1492: Conquest of Paradise (in French 1492 : Christophe Colomb) is an epic 1992 European adventure/drama film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Roselyne Bosch which tells the fictionalized story of the discovery of the New World by Italian explorer Christopher Columbus (Gérard Depardieu) and the effect this had on the pueblos originarios.The film was released by Paramount to celebrate the 500th anniversary of Columbus' voyage.
 Manhandled (1924) is a silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Gloria Swanson. The film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky at their East Coast Astoria Studios facility and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The supporting cast includes Frank Morgan.
 Al lupo al lupo (Wolf! Wolf!) is a 1992 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone. The film won two Nastro d'Argento awards for best script and best score.
 Accident on Hill Road is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Mahesh Nair and produced by Nari Hira starring Farooq Sheikh Abhimanyu Singh Celina Jaitley. The film is an authorised remake of the 2007 Hollywood film Stuck which is in turn based on the true story of Chante Mallard.
 Naalai is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2006. Singapore actor Sivakumar debuted in this movie for a guest appearance
 Vagabonderne på Bakkegården is a 1958 Danish comedy film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 Objective Burma! is a 1945 war film which was loosely based on the six-month raid by Merrill's Marauders in the Burma Campaign during the Second World War. The film made by Warner Brothers immediately after the raid was directed by Raoul Walsh and starred Errol Flynn.
 Happiness is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Solondz that portrays the lives of three sisters their families and those around them.
 Resurrect Dead: The Mystery of the Toynbee Tiles directed by Jon Foy is a 2011 independent documentary film about the Toynbee tile phenomenon. The film was selected for the 2011 Sundance Film Festival in the U.S. Documentary category and Foy won the category's Directing Award.
 Santo Luzbel is a 1997 drama film.
 Mazhavillu is a 1998 Malayalam romance film by Dinesh Babu which is based on his own Kannada movie Amrutha Varshini. The film has Kunchako Boban Preeti Jhangiani and Vineeth in the lead roles.
 Glowing Eyes (French: La chatte à deux têtes) is a 2002 French drama film directed by and starring Jacques Nolot. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival. The film has been cited as a favorite by filmmaker John Waters who presented it as his annual selection within the 2005 Maryland Film Festival.
 Bannada Gejje is a 1990 Indian Kannada movie directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ravichandran and Amala. The music is scored by Hamsalekha. It was remade into Telugu as Prema Yuddham by same director.
 Für ein einiges glückliches Vaterland is an East German film. It was released in 1950.
 Final Approach is a thriller movie released in 1991.The SR-71 Blackbird spy plane is featured in the film. Final Approach was also one of the films to use Cinema Digital Sound.
 Fratelli e sorelle (internationally released as Brothers and Sisters) is an Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati. It entered the 1992 Venice Film Festival. For her performance in this film Paola Quattrini won a Nastro d'Argento for Best supporting Actress.
 Felicitas is a 2009 Argentine romantic drama film directed by María Teresa Costantini.
 Giselle is a 2013 New Zealand drama film written and directed by Toa Fraser. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Double Cross is a 1941 American Producers Releasing Corporation crime film directed by Albert H. Kelley and starring serial star Kane Richmond. The film is also known as Motorcycle Squad (American 16mm rental title).
 Divine Waters is a documentary film released in 1985 (shot in 1981) starring Divine and John Waters as themselves along with Waters' father John Waters Sr. and sister Trish Waters.
 Corazón salvaje was the first screen adaptation of the novel of the same name written by Caridad Bravo Adams and published in 1957. The first adaptation was made as a radionovela.
 Adam's Rib is a 1949 American film written by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin and directed by George Cukor. It stars Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn as married lawyers who come to oppose each other in court. Judy Holliday co-stars in her first substantial film role. The music was composed by Miklós Rózsa except for the song Farewell Amanda which was written by Cole Porter.The film was well-received upon its release and is considered a classic romantic comedy.
 The Girl with the Hungry Eyes is a 1995 American horror film starring Christina Fulton Leon Herbert Jon Jacobs Isaac Turner and written and directed by Jon Jacobs.
 Paranormal Entity is an 2009 American supernatural horror film written directed by and starring Shane Van Dyke and produced by The Asylum in 2009. It is one of many films dubbed as a mockbuster a movie designed to capitalize on the success of a more popular film. Paranormal Entity is a copycat of the successful low-budget horror film Paranormal Activity. The film was followed by an indirect sequel. 8213: Gacy House (aka Paranormal Entity 2).
 Thayavva is a 1997 Kannada film directed by V. Umakanth featuring Charan Raj Sudeep Umashree and Sindhu in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by V. Manohar and lyrics by V. Manohar and Geethapriya.
 Vandanam is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Mohanlal Mukesh Girija Shettar Nedumudi Venu M.G. Soman Jagadish Sukumari Ganesh Kumar Maniyanpilla Raju and Cochin Haneefa. This was the follow-up film of Priyadarshan and producer P. K. R. Pillai after the commercially successful Chithram (1988).The story of the film is adapted majorly from the 1987 American film Stakeout. Priyadarshan later remade it as the Telugu film Nirnayam (1991).
 Annie Hall is a 1977 American romantic comedy directed by Woody Allen from a screenplay he co-wrote with Marshall Brickman. Produced by Allen's veteran manager Charles H.
 Brichos – A Floresta é Nossa (English: Branimals - The Forest is Ours) is a 2012 Brazilian animated film directed by Paulo Munhoz. It is a sequel of the 2007 film Brichos.
 Chitei no Uta (地底の歌) is a 1956 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Noguti Hiroshi (野口博志).
 Freedomland is a 2006 American crime drama-mystery film directed by Joe Roth and starring Samuel L. Jackson and Julianne Moore. Richard Price adapted his novel of the same name which touches on themes of covert racism.
 Varnam (English: Colour) is a 1989 Malayalam-language comedy-drama film starting Jayaram and Suresh Gopi. As the directorial debut of film director Ashokan the film received critical acclaim and was well received.
 Tazza: The High Rollers (Hangul: 타짜; RR: Tajja) is a 2006 South Korean gambling film directed by Choi Dong-hoon and based on Huh Young-man and Kim Se-yeong's manhwa of the same name. The story revolves around a group of gambling drifters involved in the Korean card game Hwatu (Hangul: 화투; hanja: 花鬪; lit. War of Flowers). It was a huge commercial and critical success becoming one of South Korea's highest grossing films and winning numerous awards.
 The Steagle is a 1971 American film starring Richard Benjamin and directed by Paul Sylbert.
 Pass mark is a 1993 Kollywood film directed by V. Balakrishnan starring Ramki Kasthuri Nandhini. The music composed by Deva with lyrics by Vairamuthu.
 The Drums of Tabu (also known as Fugitivos de las islas del sur and Tabu: le vergini di Samoa) is a 1966 adventure film directed by Javier Setó and produced by Sidney W. Pink. The story follows a drunk who discovers a Samoan princess washed up on the shore of a beach.The film was distributed in America by Troma Entertainment.
 FernGully 2: The Magical Rescue is a 1998 animated film a direct-to-video sequel to FernGully: The Last Rainforest (1992). It was directed by Phil Robinson & Dave Marshall and written by Chris Fink and Richard Tulloch.
 The Purple Taxi (French: Un taxi mauve) is a 1977 French-Irish-Italian film directed by Yves Boisset based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Michel Déon. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.The film is about a group of emotionally troubled expatriates living in a self-imposed exile in a small village (Eyeries) in Ireland.
 I Was Nineteen (German: Ich war neunzehn) is a DEFA production that tells the story of a young German Gregor Hecker (Jaecki Schwarz) who fled the Nazis with his parents to Moscow and now in early 1945 returns to Germany as a lieutenant in the Red Army. The film depicts the personal experiences of the director Konrad Wolf and of his friend Vladimir Gall in fictionalized form and deals with themes of the meaning of homeland.During its original run it sold 3317966 tickets.
 Seven Keys to Baldpate is a 1935 movie based on the popular play.
 In Caliente also known as Viva Señorita is a 1935 film written by Ralph Block and Warren Duff directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Dolores del Río.
 Paths of Death and Angels (Hungarian: Halálutak és angyalok) is a 1991 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Kamondi. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Gypsy is a short feature film directed by David Bonneville. It was funded by the ICA - Portuguese Film Institute / RTP and produced by Fernando Vendrell.The film tells us the story of a wealthy young man called Sebastian. He finds out he has a flat tyre and ends up accepting help from a Gypsy passer-by. In return Sebastian will have to give him a ride home... but they won’t reach their expected destination.
 Varusham Padhinaaru is a 1989 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Fazil starring Karthik Kushboo Sukumari V. K. Ramaswamy Janagaraj and Vadivukkarasi.The film won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for Karthik. The film went on to become a super-grosser in Cinemas and completed 100 day run in many parts of the State.[citation needed]
 Lucky Star is a 2013 Malayalam comedy-drama film written and directed by Deepu Anthikkad in his directorial debut. The film stars Jayaram and Mukesh alongside Rachana Narayanankutty who debuts in cinema. The film is about how an abandoned child bring a sea change in the life of his proxy parents. Lucky Star released on 8 March 2013. It was well received in theatres.
 Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom (My Name Is Yu Ming) is a 2003 Irish short film. Filmed largely in the Irish language it tells the tale of a Chinese man who has learned to speak Irish but cannot be understood when he comes to visit Ireland. It was directed by Daniel O'Hara and runs 13 minutes long.
 Kosuzume Tōge (小雀峠 Kosuzume Pass) is a 1923 black and white Japanese silent film directed by Koroku Numata. Despite jidaigeki star Tsumasaburo Bando only appearing in a minor role the film is significant because it is the oldest preserved film featuring the actor. The value is further increased by the film being one of the very few extant works featuring the period drama star Banya Ichikawa in the lead role.
 The Life Story of David Lloyd George is a 1918 British silent biopic film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Norman Page Alma Reville and Ernest Thesiger. The film is thought to be the first feature length biopic of a contemporary living politician. Finished in 1918 it was first shown only in 1996.
 Blue State is a Canadian / American romantic comedy film released in 2007 starring Breckin Meyer and Anna Paquin (who was also the film's executive producer). The film was the first effort of Paquin in an executive role.
 Benoît Jacquot's A Single Girl (French: La Fille seule) follows a day in the life of a young Parisian woman named Valérie (played by Virginie Ledoyen) who begins a new job at a four star hotel the same day she reveals to her boyfriend that she is pregnant.
 Singaravelan (Tamil: சிங்காரவேலன்) is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist. The film also stars Khushboo Goundamani Mano Vadivelu Charlie Manorama Jaishankar Nizhalgal Ravi among others. Its censor certificate is dated 10 April 1992.The film revolves around a young man (Kamal Hassan) living in a village with his mother. He gets to know that his mother was estranged from her brother's family owing to her marriage with his father.
 Dharma Karma is a 1997 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra Jeetendra Rahul Roy Rohit Kumar Karina Grover Trishna Rajesh Singarpore Puneet Issar and Upasana Singh.
 Earth 2100 is a television program that was presented by the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) network on June 2 2009 and was aired on the History channel in January 2010 and was shown through 2010. Hosted by ABC journalist Bob Woodruff the two-hour special explored what a worst-case future might look like if humans do not take action on current or impending problems that could threaten civilization.
 The Nick of Time Baby is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.
 Bratty Babies (Oh Baby in Canada) is a Canadian made-for-TV film released in 2001. Starring Harry Hamlin and Lisa Rinna.
 Board and Care is a 1979 short film directed by Ron Ellis. It won an Academy Award at the 52nd Academy Awards in 1980 for Best Short Subject.
 Challenge of the Gladiator (Italian: Il gladiatore che sfidò l'impero) is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.
 Private Resistance (Dutch: De ijssalon and also released as The Ice-Cream Parlour) is a 1985 Dutch drama film directed by Dimitri Frenkel Frank. The plot revolves around Otto's ice cream parlor a microcosm of the Nazi invasion Fascist Dutch bullies and anti-fascist groups. The film was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Mona Lisa is a 1986 British neo-noir mystery drama about an ex-convict who becomes entangled in the dangerous life of a high-class call girl. The movie was written by Neil Jordan and David Leland and directed by Jordan.
 Be My Guest is a 1965 British black and white musical film. It was filmed at Pinewood Studios England. The film is notable for the appearance of Steve Marriott who started out as a child actor before giving up a promising acting career to help form successful rock groups Small Faces and Humble Pie; and for the appearance of Jerry Lee Lewis who was at the peak of his career at the time of filming.
 Heading Home (also called Headin' Home) is a 1920 American silent film directed by Lawrence C. Windom. It attempts to create a mythology surrounding the life of baseball player Babe Ruth.The screenplay was written by Arthur Bugs Baer from a story by Earle Browne. Besides Ruth it stars Ruth Taylor William Sheer and Margaret Seddon.
 White Lines and the Fever: The Death of DJ Junebug is a documentary film directed by Travis Gutiérrez Senger in 2010.
 Muro Ami (Reef-Hunters) is a Filipino film that depicts one of the worst forms of child labor in the illegal fishing system. The film follows the story of Fredo a ruthless captain of 150 Muro Ami divers who employ illegal fishing practices such as pounding and crushing corals to scare fish driving them towards the nets. With a high quota to meet Fredo forces the divers who consist mostly of children to accomplish at least eight dives a day to meet their goal before the millennium.
 The Hawks and the Sparrows (Italian: Uccellacci e uccellini literally Bad Birds and Little Birds) is a 1966 Italian film directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival.The movie is a post-neorealist story about Totò the beloved stone-faced clown of Italian folk-stories.
 The Eighth Happiness (八星報喜) is a 1988 Hong Kong film directed by Johnnie To.
 Mahatma Phule is a 1954 Marathi film directed by Pralhad Keshav Atre. The film is based on the life of social reformer and activist Jyotirao Govindrao Phule.The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Marathi.
 A Doll's House is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
 My Foolish Heart is a 1949 American film which tells the story of a woman's reflections on the bad turns her life has taken. The film was directed by Mark Robson and stars Dana Andrews and Susan Hayward. Adapted from J. D.
 Deepavali (Kannada: ದೀಪಾವಳಿ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada language drama film starring Vishnuvardhan Ramesh Aravind Chandini and Bhavana in the lead roles. The film is directed and written by Dinesh Babu.
 Last Year's Snow Was Falling (Russian: Падал прошлогодний снег; translit. Padal proshlogodniy sneg) is a 1983 Soviet clay-animated film directed by Aleksandr Tatarskiy (T/O Ekran studio).The film reached a cult status after its first appearance on Central TV. The aphoristic remarks of the characters full of absurd humor turned into colloquial proverbs.For this work Tatarskiy received the Silver Cooker award at the 1983 Varna International Film Festival.Loosely based on some folk fairy tales.
 House on Haunted Hill is a 1999 American horror film directed by William Malone and starring Geoffrey Rush Famke Janssen Taye Diggs Ali Larter and Jeffrey Combs. It also includes a cameo appearance by Peter Graves.
 Kathi Kantha Rao (evadnaina madathetestadu) (Telugu: కత్తి కాంతా రావు: ఎవడ్నయినా మడతెట్టేస్తాడు) was a 2010 Telugu comedy film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana produced by Eedara Srinivasa Rao Eedara Ravikumar Eedupuganti Subramanyeshwar Rao and Eedupuganti Purnachandra Rao under Big B Productions banner and starring Allari Naresh and Kamna Jethmalani in lead roles.
 Those Calloways is a 1965 American film adaption of a 1950 book by Paul Annixter. Annixter and his wife Jane were writers of books for young readers. The film was produced by Disney and directed by Norman Tokar.
 Puncture is an independent feature film starring Chris Evans directed by Adam Kassen and Mark Kassen. The movie is based on the true story of Michael David 'Mike' Weiss and Paul Danziger. It was chosen as one of the spotlight films for the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival premiering on April 21 2011 in New York City.
 Tupac: Resurrection is a 2003 American documentary film about the life and death of rapper Tupac Shakur. The film directed by Lauren Lazin and released by Paramount Pictures is narrated by Tupac Shakur himself. The film was in theaters from November 16 2003 to December 21 2003. As of July 1 2008 it had earned over $7.8 million making it the 21st-highest-grossing documentary film in the United States - (in nominal dollars from 1982 to the present).
 On Any Sunday is a 1971 American documentary feature about motorcycle sport directed by Bruce Brown. It was nominated for a 1972 Academy Award for Documentary Feature. This documentary follows the lives of motorcycle racers and racing enthusiasts. Brown tried to show the unique talents needed for the different forms of racing. For instance the motocross riders were typically free-spirited types while desert racers were often loners.
 Freedom Song is a film based on true stories of the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi in the 1960s. It tells the story of the struggle of African-Americans to register to vote in the fictional town of Quinlan. In the midst of the Freedom Summer a group of high school students in the small town are eager to make grassroots changes in their own community.
 Hot Summer Night is a 1957 MGM crime film starring Leslie Nielsen Colleen Miller and Edward Andrews.
 Hitcher in the Dark (Paura nel buio in Italian) is a 1989 psychological thriller directed by Italian director Umberto Lenzi also known for Eaten Alive! and Nightmare City.
 Story of My Death (Historia de la meva mort) is a film directed by Albert Serra. It won the Golden Leopard at the 2013 Locarno International Film Festival.
 Rainbow Bridge is a 1972 film directed by Chuck Wein that features footage from a Jimi Hendrix concert and a short piece of conversation between Pat Hartley Wein and Hendrix. It was mainly financed by Hendrix manager Mike Jeffery hence his appearance.
 Sudan is a 1945 historical drama film set in ancient Egypt during the reign of the pharaoh Khafra (r. 2558 – 2532 BC). The film was directed by John Rawlins and starred Maria Montez.It was the last film Montez made for over a year due to fights with Universal.
 House of Flying Daggers is a 2004 wuxia film directed by Zhang Yimou and starring Andy Lau Takeshi Kaneshiro and Zhang Ziyi. It differs from other wuxia films in that it is more of a love story than a straight martial arts film.The use of strong colours is again a signature of Zhang Yimou's work. Several scenes in a bamboo forest completely fill the screen with green. Near the end of the film a fight scene is set in a blizzard.
 His Majesty the American is a 1919 American comedy film directed by Joseph Henabery and starring Douglas Fairbanks. It was the first film released by United Artists. Several copies of the film exist in archives and collections.
 The Upside of Anger is a 2005 American romantic comedy and drama film written and directed by Mike Binder and set in Bloomfield Hills Michigan. It stars Joan Allen Kevin Costner and Evan Rachel Wood. The film was produced by Jack Binder Alex Gartner and Sammy Lee.
 Brown Sugar is a 1922 British silent romance film directed by Fred Paul and starring Owen Nares Lillian Hall-Davis and Eric Lewis. It was based on a play by Lady Arthur Lever.
 Meet the People (1944) is a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer musical film made during World War II and starring Lucille Ball and Dick Powell and featuring Virginia O'Brien Bert Lahr Rags Ragland and June Allyson. The film takes its title from a successful Los Angeles stage revue which ran on Broadway from December 25 1940 to May 10 1941. Vaughn Monroe and his orchestra Spike Jones and his City Slickers and Virginia O'Brien were also in the original stage cast.
 The Johnstown Flood (1926) is an American silent epic film drama directed by Irving Cummings that addresses the Great Flood of 1889 in Johnstown Pennsylvania. The film stars George O'Brien Florence Gilbert and Janet Gaynor. This is a surviving film with a print held at George Eastman House.
 Bread is a 1924 American drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger. The film stars Mae Busch.
 Soodhu Kavvum (Tamil: சூது கவ்வும் English: Evil Engulfs) is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by Nalan Kumarasamy of Naalaya Iyakunar fame. The film's main concept is about how baloney has engulfed people's day-to-day life and modern society. It features Vijay Sethupathi and Sanchita Shetty in the lead roles. The film was released on 1 May to universal acclaim from critics. It became a blockbuster and is set to be remade in various Indian languages.
 Salmonberries is a 1991 drama film directed by Percy Adlon and written by Adlon and his son Felix. It stars k.d. lang as Kotzebue a young woman of androgynous appearance who works as a (male) miner in Alaska and Rosel Zech as Roswitha an East German immigrant and librarian. The movie takes place in Kotzebue Alaska and Berlin Germany shortly after reunification; the dialog is mostly English but includes some German with English subtitles.
 Oil Gobblers (Czech: Ropáci) is a Czech comedy film directed by Jan Svěrák. It was released in 1988.
 Aadum Koothu is a 2005 Tamil film directed by T. V. Chandran and starring Navya Nair Cheran Prakash Raj Akil Kumar Seeman and Manorama. The film premiered at various film festivals in 2005 but remained unreleased in theatres. Later Zee Tamizh telecasted this film. The film received critical praise and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil.
 Wasana is a 1976 Sinhalese language romance film directed that follows the lives of middle-class people in Sri Lanka. The film stars Geetha Kumarasinghe Vijaya Kumaranatunga and Malini Fonseka made notable roles. Also this film was the cinema debut of popular Sri Lankan film actress Geetha Kumarasinghe.
 The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 American science fiction action film and the second installment in The Matrix trilogy written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers. It premiered on May 7 2003 in Westwood Los Angeles California and went on general release by Warner Bros. in North American theaters on May 15 2003 and around the world during the latter half of that month. It was also screened out of competition at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Terminal is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Hanks and Catherine Zeta-Jones. It is about a man who becomes trapped in New York City's JFK International Airport terminal when he is denied entry into the United States and at the same time cannot return to his native country due to a revolution.
 Kurama Tengu ōedo ihen (鞍馬天狗　大江戸異変 Kurama Tengu ōedo ihen) is a 1950 black and white Japanese film directed by Kyōtarō Namiki.
 Carolina Moon is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and June Storey. Based on a story by Connie Lee the film is about a singing cowboy who comes to the aid of plantation owners who are being robbed of their land by a scheming lumber company.
 Final Destination 2 is a 2003 American horror film directed by David R. Ellis. The screenplay by J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress was from a story by Gruber Bress and series creator Jeffrey Reddick. It is the sequel to the 2000 film Final Destination and the second installment of the Final Destination series.After the financial success of Final Destination New Line Cinema contacted Reddick regarding plans for a sequel.
 The Swan Princess is a 1994 American animated fantasy musical film based on the ballet Swan Lake. Starring the voice talents of Jack Palance John Cleese Steven Wright and Sandy Duncan the film is directed by a former Disney animation director Richard Rich with a music score by Lex de Azevedo.
 Orient Express is a 1943 Hungarian drama film directed by László Cserépy and starring Andor Ajtay Irén Pelsöczy and Gyula Csortos. It is based on a play by Andor Matolcsy about events taking place on the Orient Express.
 The Telephone is a 1988 independent film comedy starring Whoopi Goldberg as an out-of-work actress who starts doing some prank phone calls which created a chain of events. Actor Rip Torn makes his directorial debut with this film with Elliott Gould and John Heard in supporting roles. It was released on January 22 1988 and was distributed by New World Pictures.
 Lahu Ke Do Rang (translated: Blood has two colours) is 1997 Hindi adventure action film directed by Mehul Kumar and starring Akshay Kumar Karishma Kapoor Naseeruddin Shah Suresh Oberoi. Other casts include Alok Nath Farida Jalal Mukesh Rishi Navin Nischol Mahesh Anand Avtar Gill Tej Sapru Shashikala.
 The Scotland Yard Mystery is a 1934 British crime film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Gerald du Maurier George Curzon Grete Natzler Belle Chrystall and Wally Patch. A criminal doctor operates a racket claiming life insurance by injecting victims with a life suspending serum turning them into living dead. The film is based on a play by Wallace Geoffrey. It was made by one of the biggest British companies of the era British International Pictures at their Elstree Studios.
 Checkmate is a 1935 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring Maurice Evans Felix Aylmer and Evelyn Foster. It was based on a novel by Amy Kennedy Gould. A Scotland Yard detective hunts down jewel thieves in London but becomes involved with the daughter of the gang's boss.
 Paris Blues (1961) is an American feature film made on location in Paris starring Sidney Poitier as expatriate jazz musician Eddie Cook and Paul Newman as trombone-playing Ram Bowen. The two men romance two vacationing American tourists Connie Lampson (Diahann Carroll) and Lillian Corning (Joanne Woodward) respectively. The film also deals with American racism of the time contrasted with Paris's kinder treatment of African Americans.
 Balsamus l'uomo di Satana (internationally released as Blood Relations and The Man of Satan) is a 1968 Italian horror film. It is the debut film of director Pupi Avati.
 Heaven's Door is a 2009 Japanese drama film starring Tomoya Nagase and Mayuko Fukuda. The film is a remake of the 1997 German criminal comedy Knockin' on Heaven's Door.
 Black August is a 2007 drama film produced by Tcinque Sampson and directed by Samm Styles. The film centers on the story of George Jackson's life.
 Period of Adjustment is a 1962 American film comedy-drama directed by George Roy Hill his first feature-length film based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams.
 The Heir to Næsbygaard (Danish: Næsbygårds arving) is a 1965 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.
 Divide and Conquer (1943) is the third film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight propaganda film series dealing with the Nazi conquest of Western Europe in 1940.The film begins immediately after the fall of Poland. Of the two major Western Allies of 1940 the United Kingdom is first to be mentioned.
 Mug Travel (Hangul: 빼꼼의 머그잔 여행; RR: Ppaekkom-ui meogeu-jan yeohaeng known as My Friend Bernard in English) is a 2007 South Korean computer-animated film directed by Lim Ah-ron and based on his animated TV series Backkom.
 Tarzan and His Mate (1934) is an action adventure film based on characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was the second in the Tarzan film series to star Johnny Weissmuller.In 2003 the United States Library of Congress deemed the film culturally historically or aesthetically significant and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
 Hubli is a 2006 Kannada action-thriller-drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao featuring Sudeep and Rakshita in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by A.R Hemanth and lyrics by Da Ra Bendre K. Kalyan and Padma Hemanth. The film released on 10 November 2006.
 The Sun Down Limited is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 30th Our Gang short subject released. The film was remade in 1929 as Railroadin'.
 The Next Corner was a 1924 American silent romantic melodrama directed by Sam Wood. The film starred Dorothy Mackaill and Lon Chaney. Based on the romance novel of the same name by Kate Jordan the film was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The Next Corner is presumed lost. Throughout the years the film has been cited as a Chaney picture but according to the American Film Institute Catalog his character has little screen time.
 Summer of '42 is a 1971 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film based on the memoirs of screenwriter Herman Raucher.
 New Year is a 1989 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Viji Thampi starring Jayaram Suresh Gopi Urvasi Babu Antony and Sukumaran.
 The Dismantling (French: Le Démantèlement) also released in the United States under the title The Auction is a 2013 Canadian drama film written and directed by Sébastien Pilote. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.The film is a shortlisted nominee for Best Picture at the 2nd Canadian Screen Awards.
 Muqaddar is a 1996 Indian Hindi film. Produced by Rajiv Babbar and directed by T L V Prasad it stars Mithun Chakraborty Puneet Issar and Kiran Kumar in lead roles and Moushumi Chatterjee Simran Ayesha Jhulka and Hemant Birje in supporting roles.
 The Naked and the Dead is a 1958 widescreen film based on Norman Mailer's World War II novel The Naked and the Dead. Directed by Raoul Walsh and filmed in Panama the screenplay attributed to the Sanders Brothers adds a strip tease and larger action scenes to Mailer's original narrative. Filmed by RKO just before its demise the film was released by Warner Brothers and was the last film Raoul Walsh directed for that studio.
 Les Patterson Saves the World is a 1987 Australian comedy film starring Barry Humphries as his famous stage creations Sir Les Patterson and Dame Edna Everage.
 As Cool As I Am is an American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Pete Fromm. Claire Danes Sarah Bolger and James Marsden star as the Diamond family. The film is directed by Max Mayer who also directed Adam. Filming on the adaptation began in New Mexico in May 2011. The film was released in the United States on June 21 2013 by IFC Films.
 Sunday is a television drama produced by Sunday Productions for Channel 4 and screened on 25 January 2002. It dramatises the events of Bloody Sunday through the eyes of the families of the dead and injured specifically those of Leo Young older brother to John Young who was killed on the day. The timescale covers events in the years prior to Bloody Sunday and subsequent events up to and including the Widgery Tribunal.
 No Way to Treat a Lady (1968) is a darkly comic thriller directed by Jack Smight with a screenplay by John Gay adapted from William Goldman's novel of the same name. The film starred Rod Steiger Lee Remick George Segal and Eileen Heckart. Segal was nominated for a BAFTA for his role as Detective Moe Brummel.
 Defenseless is a 1991 film directed by Martin Campbell.
 Shattered City: The Halifax Explosion is a two-part miniseries produced in 2003 by CBC Television. It presents a fictionalized version of the Halifax Explosion a 1917 catastrophe that destroyed much of the city of Halifax. It was directed by Bruce Pittman and written by Keith Ross Leckie. The Film Stars Vincent Walsh Tamara Hope Clare Stone Zachary Bennett Shauna MacDonald and Ted Dykstra.The series was expensive by Canadian television standards with a budget of $10.4 million.
 The Lorry (French: Le camion) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Marguerite Duras. It was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Good Companions is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville starring Jessie Matthews and John Gielgud. It is based on the novel of the same name by J.B. Priestley.
 Lover Come Back is a 1961 Eastmancolor romantic comedy released by Universal Pictures and directed by Delbert Mann. The film stars Doris Day and Rock Hudson in their second film together. The supporting cast includes Tony Randall Edie Adams Ann B. Davis and Donna Douglas.The story is similar to the earlier Hudson-Day Pillow Talk (1959) revolving around mistaken identity.
 The Smuggler is a 1911 American silent short romantic drama. The film starred William Garwood Florence La Badie and Harry Benham.
 Smashing Through is a 1929 British silent adventure film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring John Stuart Eve Gray and Hayford Hobbs. It was made at Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush.
 Open from 18 to 24 (Spanish: Abierto de 18 a 24) is a 1988 Argentine drama film directed and written by Víctor Dínenzon.The picture stars Gerardo Romano and Horacio Peña and others.
 The Scent of the Night (Italian: L'odore della notte) is a 1998 Italian crime-drama film directed by Claudio Caligari. It is loosely based on the novel Le notti di arancia meccanica by Dido Sacchettoni.The film premiered at the 1998 Venice Film Festival. It was nominated to three Nastro d'Argento Awards.
 Angel is a 2011 Bollywood film directed by Ganesh Acharya and starring Nilesh Sahay Madalsa Sharma Aruna Irani and Manoj Joshi. The film was produced by Ganesh Acharya while the soundtrack was composed by Amjad Nadeem. This movie is about the struggle for acceptance. The main character Abhay Chawla got in to an accident which made Sonal become mad. Abhay felt guilty so he started taking care of her and eventually befriends her. They fall in love eventually.
 Haiku Tunnel is a 2001 office comedy film about the struggle between tempness and permness (temporary and permanent employment).
 Staying Alive is a 2012 Hindi-language social film directed by Anant Mahadevan featuring Anant Mahadevan Saurabh Shukla Chandan Roy Sanyal in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Sanjay Chowdhury.The film was released on February 3 2012.
 Radio Inside is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Jeffrey Jackson Bell.
 Brice de Nice is a 2005 French comedy film directed by James Huth written by Huth Jean Dujardin and Karine Angeli and starring Dujardin. It is set in France centering on the character Brice of Nice (Brice de Nice) created by Dujardin for a stage sketch.
 The Picture of Dorian Gray (Hungarian: Az Élet királya) is a 1918 Hungarian drama film directed by Alfréd Deésy featuring Béla Lugosi. and based on Oscar Wilde's novel of the same name.
 Return of Mr. Superman is an Indian film directed by Manmohan Sabir in 1960.
 Neethi is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff. The film serves as both a third installment and a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise and stars Queen Latifah as Gina a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2: Back in Business. This film also stars Alicia Silverstone Andie MacDowell Mena Suvari Kevin Bacon and Djimon Hounsou.
 King Lear is a 1953 live television adaptation of the Shakespeare play with stage direction by Peter Brook and starring Orson Welles. It was aired on CBS as part of the U.S. television series Omnibus and preserved on kinescope. A heavily abridged version of the play this production condensed the play by eliminating the Edgar-Edmund subplot. Welles returned to America to star in this presentation.
 You're Not Elected Charlie Brown is the eighth prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz and the 10th one to air. It originally aired on CBS on October 29 1972 right before the 1972 election.
 Assembly (simplified Chinese: 集结号; traditional Chinese: 集結號; pinyin: Jí jié hào) is a Chinese film written by Liu Heng and directed by Feng Xiaogang. It stars Zhang Hanyu Deng Chao Yuan Wenkang Tang Yan Wang Baoqiang Liao Fan Hu Jun Ren Quan and Li Naiwen. The movie also employed action and effects team from Korean war film Taegukgi.The film ostensibly portraying an anti-war theme was first released on 20 December 2007.
 Phone Call from a Stranger is a 1952 American drama film directed by Jean Negulesco who was nominated for the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. The screenplay by Nunnally Johnson and I.A.R. Wylie which received the award for Best Scenario at the same festival centers on the survivor of a plane crash who contacts the relatives of three of the victims he came to know on board the flight.
 The Honesty of the Lock (Spanish: La honradez de la cerradura) is a 1950 Spanish drama film directed by Luis Escobar. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Yol (Turkish for The Road or The Way) is a 1982 Turkish film directed by Yılmaz Güney. The screenplay was written by Güney and it was directed by his assistant Şerif Gören who strictly followed Güney's instructions as Güney was in prison at the time. Later when Güney escaped from prison he took the negatives of the film to Switzerland and later edited it in Paris.
 Alaska is a 1996 action-adventure film that centers on two children who search through the Alaskan wilderness for their lost father. During their journey they find a polar bear that helps lead them to their father. However a poacher with a desire to capture the bear follows close behind the kids and the polar bear. The movie was filmed primarily in the Purcell Mountains of British Columbia in Canada and the city of Vancouver.
 Snake Fang (Persian: Dandan-e-mar‎) is a 1990 Iranian war film directed by Masoud Kimiai. It was entered into the 41st Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.
 Mr. Warmth: The Don Rickles Project is a 2007 documentary film about stand-up comedian Don Rickles which first aired at the 2007 New York Film Festival and then on HBO.The documentary and its producers - Robert Engelman John Landis Mike Richardson and Larry Rickles - earned a Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Variety Music or Comedy Special in 2008. Don Rickles also won a Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program for his appearance in the documentary.
 The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams is a 1972 novel by Charles E. Sellier Jr.. There is a 1974 film based on the novel a two-season NBC television series and a 1982 TV movie. The title character played by Dan Haggerty is loosely based on the actual trapper James Grizzly Adams.Grizzly Adams (Haggerty) is a woodsman during the frontier era who flees into the mountains after he is wrongly accused of murder.
 Too Many Kisses is a 1925 silent comedy directed by Paul Sloane and based on John Monk Saunders's story. A Maker of Gestures. It is notable for being the earliest surviving film to feature Harpo Marx.
 Profanación (Desecration) is a 1933 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 How People Got Fire is a short poetic animated film from the Yukon.
 Home Alone 3 is a 1997 American family comedy film written and produced by John Hughes. It is the third film in the Home Alone series and the first not to feature actor Macaulay Culkin director Chris Columbus and composer John Williams. The film is directed by Raja Gosnell (in his directorial debut) who served as the editor of both original films and stars Alex D. Linz as Alex Pruitt a resourceful boy who is left home alone and has to defend his home from robbers.
 Angels of Sin (original French title: Les anges du péché) was the first feature film directed by Robert Bresson. Made in 1943 nine years after his comedy short Affaires publiques it was Bresson's only film released during the German occupation of France.
 Thaamirabharani (Tamil: தாமிரபரணி) is a 2007 Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by Hari. The film stars Vishal newcomer Muktha(Bhanu) Prabhu Vijayakumar Nadhiya and Nassar in lead roles. The score and soundtrack are composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 They Died with Their Boots On is a 1941 American western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland. Written by Æneas MacKenzie and Wally Kline the film is a highly fictionalized account of the life of General George Armstrong Custer from the time he enters West Point military academy through the American Civil War and finally to his death at Little Big Horn.
 Bandido is a 1956 Western movie starring Robert Mitchum. The supporting cast includes Ursula Thiess Gilbert Roland and Zachary Scott. The film set in the Mexican Revolution and filmed on location around Acapulco was written by Earl Felton and directed by Richard Fleischer. Robert Mitchum also co-produced the film through his DRM Productions company.
 The Satan Killer is a 1993 American thriller-horror film directed by Stephen Calamari and starring Stephen Sayre. The film is an American crime-horror flick filmed in Virginia Beach Virginia. It is widely distributed through A.I.P Home Video and continues to be a cult favorite.
 Hoodoo Ann is a 1916 Lloyd Ingraham-directed American comedy-drama silent film written by D.W. Griffith and released by Triangle Film Corporation.
 Diamond Safari is a 1958 American crime film directed by Gerald Mayer and starring Kevin McCarthy Betty McDowall and André Morell. Its plot involves an American who battles diamond smugglers in Africa. Filmed in South Africa in 1955 the film features three episodes of the pilot for a television series caled African Drumbeat.
 Phobia is a thriller film released in 1980. The film stars Paul Michael Glaser from TV's Starsky and Hutch. It was directed by John Huston for Paramount Pictures.
 Suzie Gold is a 2004 British film starring American actress Summer Phoenix. It is the directorial debut of Ric Cantor. It was released by Pathé on 5 March 2004 in the United Kingdom.
 Lecherous Older Sister (どすけべ姉ちゃん Dosukebe anechan) aka 四畳半　昼下がりの悶え　兄嫁エピソード１ is a 2000 Japanese pink film directed by Toshiya Ueno. It won the Best Film 4th place award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Masahiro Kobayashi won the award for Best Screenplay.
 Come What May is an American direct-to-video drama film released on March 17 2009 by Advent Film Group. The filmmakers intentionally released it on DVD and not to theaters. George Escobar said Going straight to DVD will allow church groups to become the distributor. The film tells the story of Caleb Hogan who tries to overturn Roe v. Wade in a moot court championship.
 Gejagt bis zum Morgen is an East German film. It was released in 1957.
 Pigs and Battleships (豚と軍艦  Buta to gunkan) is a 1961 Japanese film by director Shohei Imamura.
 Dreams with Sharp Teeth is a 2008 biographical documentary film about writer Harlan Ellison. It is composed of original and archive footage of Ellison and talking head segments from colleagues and fans including Robin Williams Peter David and Neil Gaiman.
 Tales of a Long Journey (Hungarian: Legenda a vonaton) is a 1963 Hungarian drama film directed by Tamás Rényi. It was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
 Bad Boys II is a 2003 American action-comedy film directed by Michael Bay produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Martin Lawrence and Will Smith. The film is a sequel to the 1995 film Bad Boys. The film is about two police detectives investigating the flow of ecstasy into Miami. Despite mainly negative reviews from professional critics the film performed well at the box office grossing $273339556 worldwide.
 95 Miles to Go is a 2004 comedy film which documents Ray Romano's stand-up comedy tour of the South. It was directed by Tom Caltabiano. The film premiered at the Deep Ellum Film Festival in October 2004 and released theatrically in the United Statesin April 2006 by THINKFilm. It premiered on HBO on July 10 2007.The DVD of the film was released on May 22 2012 by Video Services Corporation a film distribution company located in Toronto Canada.
 Fudoh: The New Generation (Gokudō sengokushi: Fudō) is a Japanese movie directed by Takashi Miike. Two sequels followed neither of which was directed by Miike. The film is based on a manga by Hitoshi Tanimura. Time magazine listed Fudoh as one of its ten best movies of 1997.
 Pleins feux sur Stanislas (English: Full fires on Stanislas) is a French comedy thriller film from 1965. It was directed by Jean-Charles Dudrumet written by Michel Cousin and Jean-Charles Dudrumet starring Jean Marais. The film was known under the title Killer Spy (USA) O Mistério dos 13 (Portugal) Rendezvous der Killer (West Germany).It was a sequel of L'honorable Stanislas agent secret from 1963.
 Creepshow 2 is a 1987 American live-action/animated Horror comedy anthology film directed by Michael Gornick and the sequel to Creepshow. Gornick was George A. Romero's cinematographer on the original Creepshow. The screenplay was written by Romero the director of the original film.
 The Colors of the Mountain (Spanish: Los colores de la montaña) is a 2010 Colombian drama film directed by Carlos César Arbeláez. The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 To Die For is a 1995 American crime comedy-drama film made in a mockumentary format directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart. It stars Nicole Kidman Matt Dillon and Joaquin Phoenix. Major supporting roles feature Illeana Douglas Wayne Knight Casey Affleck Kurtwood Smith Dan Hedaya and Alison Folland.
 Polanski Unauthorized is a theatrically released biographical film about the life of film director Roman Polanski. It opened in Los Angeles in February 2009 and was released on DVD in July 2009.
 Viviana is a 1916 short drama film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Uninvited Guest is a 1999 thriller written and directed by Timothy Wayne Folsome. The film stars Mekhi Phifer Mari Morrow and Mel Jackson. The film was released September 22 2000.
 Dark Waters (1994) also known as Dead Waters in the American home-video edition is a horror film directed by Mariano Baino who co-wrote it with Andy Bark and also served as the editor.
 Hifazat is a 1987 Bollywood drama film directed by Prayag Raj.
 The Yesterday Machine is a 1963 American film written directed and produced by Russ Marker and featuring Tim Holt James Britton Jack Herman Ann Pellegrino and Robert Bob Kelly.
 The Heart of Paula is a 1916 American silent film directed by Julia Crawford Ivers and William Desmond Taylor starring Lenore Ulric. This film survives at the Library of Congress.As briefly-described in a 1916 publication this five-reel film is a story of romance and adventure in Mexico. Lenore Ulrich is the Spanish girl who loves an American engineer.Notably two endings were prepared for the film -- one happy and one tragic.
 Flight from Death (2003) is a documentary film that investigates the relationship of human violence to fear of death as related to subconscious influences. The film describes death anxiety as a possible root cause of many human behaviors on a psychological spiritual and cultural level. It was directed by Patrick Shen and produced by Greg Bennick. The film's narration was done by Gabriel Byrne. Flight from Death is a seven-time Best Documentary award-winning film.
 The Sea Prince and the Fire Child (シリウスの伝説 Shiriusu no Densetsu lit. The Legend of Syrius) is a 1981 Japanese anime film by Sanrio based on the story by Shintaro Tsuji. It is said to be a loose retelling of Romeo and Juliet itself a European version of many tales of star-crossed lovers in a variety of cultures and eras. In this story the children of the gods of fire and water fall in love and fight to stay together in the face of adversity.
 Temptation of Wolves (Hangul: 늑대의 유혹; RR: Neukdaeui yuhok; also known as Romance of Their Own or True Romance) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Kim Tae-gyun and based on a novel of the same name by Internet author Guiyeoni. Starring Jo Han-sun Kang Dong-won and Lee Chung-ah the film is about an average high school girl who moves from the countryside to Seoul after her father's death only to become involved in a love triangle with the two most handsome and popular guys in town.
 The Blossoming of Kamiya Etsuko (紙屋悦子の青春 Kamiya Etsuko no Seishun) is a drama written by Masataka Matsuda. Later a movie version directed by Kazuo Kuroki and starring Tomoyo Harada and Masatoshi Nagase was released in Japan on August 12 2006. It is a posthumous work of Kuroki.
 Through the Back Door (1921) is a silent film directed by Alfred E. Green and Jack Pickford and starring Mary Pickford.
 Out of the Shadow is a 1919 silent film mystery directed by Emil Chautard and starring Pauline Frederick.
 Brake is an 2012 American thriller film directed by Gabe Torres written by Timothy Mannion and starring Stephen Dorff.
 Luke's Lost Liberty is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 I Like You I Like You Very Much (あなたが好きです、大好きです。 Anata-ga suki desu dai suki desu) is a 1994 Japanese pink film written and directed by Hiroyuki Oki depicting gay life in Japan. It won the Silver Prize at the 1994 Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Filmmaker/actor Hiroyuki Oki was also given a Best New Director award for the film.
 Saints and Soldiers is a 2003 war drama film directed by Ryan Little and starring Corbin Allred Alexander Niver Kirby Heyborne Lawrence Bagby and Peter Asle Holden. It is based loosely around events taking place shortly after the Malmedy massacre during the Battle of the Bulge where four U.S. soldiers and a downed British airman need to reach Allied lines to pass on some vital intelligence. The film received mostly positive reviews.
 Hereafter is a 2010 American supernatural drama fantasy film directed co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood written by Peter Morgan and executive produced by Steven Spielberg.
 Escape Plan (formerly known as Exit Plan and The Tomb) is a 2013 American action thriller film starring Sylvester Stallone Arnold Schwarzenegger Jim Caviezel Curtis 50 Cent Jackson Vinnie Jones Vincent D'Onofrio and Amy Ryan. Escape Plan is directed by Swedish filmmaker Mikael Håfström and is written by Miles Chapman and Arnell Jesko (Arnell Jesko is an anagram pen-name of Jason Keller).
 Blossoms of Fire (also known as Ramo de fuego) is a 2000 documentary film about the people of Juchitán Oaxaca Mexico.
 Friday the Thirteenth is a 1933 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jessie Matthews Sonnie Hale and Muriel Aked. The film depicts the lives of several passengers in the hours before they are involved in a bus crash.
 The Tale of the Wonderful Potato (Danish: Eventyret om den vidunderlige kartoffel) is a 1985 animated film by Anders Sørensen . Sponsored by the Danish Film Institute it tells the history of the potato through the ages—with a focus on European history and a twinkle in its eye.
 Honey Bee (Malayalam: ഹണി ബീ) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by Lal Junior (Jean Paul Lal) son of actor-director Lal (Paul Michael) and produced by Sibi Thottupuram and Joby Mandamattom. The film stars Asif Ali Bhavana Baburaj Sreenath Bhasi Archana Kavi Balu and Lal in lead roles.The movie revolves around two friends (Sebastian and Angel) who suddenly discover their love for each other.
 Jara Brishtite Bhijechhilo (Bengali: যারা বৃষ্টিতে ভিজেছিল Those who were drenched in rain) is a Bengali film based on Joy Goswami's story Jara Brishtite Bhijechhilo released in 2007.
 Family Affair is a documentary film directed by Chico Colvard exploring a history of abuse that had gone on inside his family as a child. The movie was produced by Chico Colvard and Liz Garbus. It opened theatrically in Los Angeles on July 30 2010 and opened in New York City on August 13 2010 at the 14th Annual DocuWeeks. The film is a joint venture between OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network and Discovery Communications.
 Hellraiser IV: Bloodline is a 1996 American horror film and the fourth installment in the Hellraiser series which serves as both a prequel and a sequel. Directed by Joe Chappelle and Kevin Yagher the film stars Doug Bradley as Pinhead reprising his role and now the only remaining original character and cast member. Other cast members include Bruce Ramsay Valentina Vargas and Kim Myers.
 Burlesque is a 2010 musical film directed and written by Steven Antin and starring Cher and Christina Aguilera. The film was released on November 24 2010 in North America.
 Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths is an original direct-to-video animated superhero film released on February 23 2010. It is based on the abandoned direct-to-video feature Justice League: Worlds Collide which was intended as a bridge between the then-concluding Justice League animated television series and its then forthcoming sequel series Justice League Unlimited.
 Betaab (Bengali: বেতাব) is an Indian Hindi movie released on 5 August 1983 directed by Rahul Rawail and produced by Bikram Sing Dahal. The film stars Sunny Deol and Amrita Singh in their debut roles. The film went on to be one of the biggest hits of the year.
 McGlusky the Sea Rover is a 1935 British comedy action film directed by Walter Summers and starring Jack Doyle Tamara Desni and Henry Mollison. It was based on a novel by A.G. Hales. A stowaway becomes mixed up with gunrunners. It featured the Arklow schooner Mary B Mitchell.
 Dharmatama is a 1975 Hindi movie and the first Bollywood film to be shot in Afghanistan. It was produced and directed by Feroz Khan. The movie is the first attempt in India to localise The Godfather. The title character was based on matka (form of Indian gambling) king Ratan Khatri. It is said that Khan sat down with Khatri to learn more about him and understand the nuances of matka.
 A Wife's Life is an eight-minute film made in 1950 by classic short filmmaker Pete Smith (film producer) who also narrates. It is directed by Dave O'Brien (actor) and written by Dave O'Brien and Julian Harmon. The film is narrated in Smith's classic nasally matter-of-fact comedic delivery and is shot as a mockumentary of sorts.
 Co mój mąż robi w nocy (What Is My Husband Doing Tonight?) is a 1934 Polish musical comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.
 I Love India is a 1993 Tamil action film directed by Pavithran. The film features Sarath Kumar débutante Priya and Shenbagam in lead roles. The film produced by actor Vishal's mother Janaki G. K. Reddy had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 October 1993.
 The Collection is a 2012 American action horror-thriller film a sequel to the 2009 film The Collector. The film stars Emma Fitzpatrick Christopher McDonald Lee Tergesen and Josh Stewart who reprises his role from the first film as Arkin. It is written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton directed by Dunstan and was released on November 30 2012.
 Indictment: The McMartin Trial is a made for TV movie that originally aired on HBO on May 20 1995. Indictment is based on the true story of the McMartin preschool trial.
 Amok is a 1945 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Antonio Momplet and starring María Félix and Julián Soler. The film is based on the novel Der Amoklaufer by author Stefan Zweig.
 Blue in the Face is a 1995 comedy directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster. It stars Harvey Keitel Victor Argo Giancarlo Esposito Roseanne Barr Michael J. Fox Lily Tomlin Mira Sorvino Lou Reed Mel Gorham Jim Jarmuschand Malik Yoba.Blue in the Face was filmed over a five-day period as a follow-up to Wang's 1995 movie Smoke.
 Special Effects: Anything Can Happen is an American documentary film directed by Academy Award-winning sound designer Ben Burtt and narrated by John Lithgow. It was released to IMAX theaters in 1996.
 Introducing Dorothy Dandridge is a television film directed by Martha Coolidge. Filmed over a span of a few weeks in early 1998 the film was aired in the United States on August 21 1999. The original music score was composed by Elmer Bernstein. The film is marketed with the tagline: Right woman. Right place. Wrong time.
 Tih Minh is a 1918 French film serial directed by Louis Feuillade.
 Feng Shui is a 2004 Filipino horror movie starring Kris Aquino. The film grossed Php 137.56 million. The film was a blockbuster hit in 2004. The Hollywood version of the movie is still frozen and it is unknown if Star Cinema have decided to have a contract with Hollywood.
 Blonde Ice is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Jack Bernhard and starring Leslie Brooks Robert Paige and Michael Whalen. It was based on the 1938 novel Once Too Often by Whitman Chambers.Some sources falsely state that much acclaimed B movie director Edgar G. Ulmer was the uncredited original screenwriter of Blonde Ice.
 Blood of the Vampire is a 1958 British horror film directed by Henry Cass from a screenplay by Jimmy Sangster.
 Shalom Abu Bassem is a documentary by Nissim Mossek about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that follows a New York Jewish settler and an Arab hummus vendor that are forced to live as neighbors in the heart of Jerusalem. The documentary spans a nearly twenty-year period beginning before the First Intifada to demonstrate how the nation's politics affect their neighborly relations. The film won Best Editing at the Haifa International Film Festival.
 Expecting Mary is a 2010 comedy-drama film starring Elliott Gould and Linda Gray. It was directed by Dan Gordon and produced by Kim Waltrip with executive producer Jim Casey. The film premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival 2010 on January 16 and was selected as the opening film at the California Independent Film Festival on April 22 2010.
 The Great Garrick is a 1937 American historical comedy film directed by James Whale and starring Brian Aherne Olivia de Havilland and Edward Everett Horton. The film also features Lionel Atwill Luis Alberni Melville Cooper and future star Lana Turner who has a bit part. Based on the play Ladies and Gentlemen by Ernest Vajda the film is about the famous eighteenth century British actor David Garrick who travels to France for a guest appearance at the Comédie Française.
 Another Scandal is a 1924 American silent film drama directed by Edward H. Griffith and distributed by W. W. Hodkinson. Based on a 1919 play Scandal by Cosmo Hamilton the film stars Lois Wilson and Holmes Herbert.
 Don't Shove is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 El Hijo de Huracán Ramírez (The Son of Hurricane Ramirez) is a 1965 black-and-white Mexican Lucha film co-written directed by Joselito Rodríguez and starring David Silva. It is the third installment of the Huracán film series following the 1962 sequel El Misterio de Huracán Ramírez.
 Uttarer Sur is a Bangladeshi Bengali film written directed by Shahnewaz Kakoli. The film was produced by The Impress Telefilm.
 Jeevante Jeevan is a film released in 1985. It was released in Kerala in the language of Malayalam . The movie was directed by J. Williams.This movie stars Mohanlal Balan K.
 Claude Duval is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Nigel Barrie Fay Compton and Hugh Miller. It is based on the historical story of Claude Duval.
 The Poet of the Peaks is a 1915 American short film directed by B. Reeves Eason. The film is based upon the John Keats poem La Belle Dame sans Merci.
 God Forgives... I Don't! (Italian: Dio perdona... io no!) also known as Blood River is a 1967 spaghetti Western by Giuseppe Colizzi. The film is the first in a trilogy continued with Ace High and ended with Boot Hill.
 Ganesh Talkies is a 2013 Bengali film written and directed by Anjan Dutt. The movie is produced by Reliance Entertainment. It portraits two families of polar opposite Bengali and Marwari communities.
 Chandamama Kathalu is an upcoming Telugu anthology film directed by Praveen Sattaru and produced by Chanakya Bhooneti. The film has eight sub-stories revolving around love. The lives of the central characters in the sub-plots get intertwined with each other. Lakshmi Manchu Aamani Naresh Krishnudu Chaitanya Krishna Abhijeet Naga Shaurya Vennela Kishore Amitha Rao and Richa Panai play the lead roles. Mickey J Meyer composed the music. The shooting was wrapped up in December 2013.
 Equus is a 1977 British-American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Richard Burton. Peter Shaffer wrote the screenplay based on his play Equus. The film also featured Peter Firth Colin Blakely Joan Plowright Eileen Atkins and Jenny Agutter.
 Searching Ruins on Broadway Galveston for Dead Bodies is a 1900 black-and-white silent film depicting the destruction caused by the Galveston hurricane on September 8 1900. The film was produced by Edison Studios. It depicts laborers clearing debris searching for dead bodies. A body was found during the search.
 Dharam Karam is a 1975 Hindi film produced by Raj Kapoor and directed by Randhir Kapoor who also star as father and son in the film respectively. The film also stars Rekha Premnath and Dara Singh. The music is by R.D. Burman and the lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri who received a Filmfare nomination as Best Lyricist for the hit song Ek Din Bik Jayega. The song is played several times during the film with playback singing by Mukesh Kishore Kumar and Sushma Shrestha.
 Larva is a 2005 science fiction-horror film directed by Tim Cox and written by Kenneth M. Badish Boaz Davidson David Goodin Kevin Moore J. Paul V. Robert and T.M. Van Ostrand. It stars Vincent Ventresca Rachel Hunter and William Forsythe.
 Public Lavatory: I've Been Loitering (公衆便所　私いたずらされました Kōshūbenjo: Watakushi Itazurasaremashita) is a 1999 Japanese pink film directed by Hiroyoshi Sejima. It won the award for Fifth Best Film at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
 Prem Pujari is a 1970 Bollywood film produced directed and written by Dev Anand for Navketan films. The movie stars Anand Waheeda Rehman Shatrughan Sinha Prem Chopra Madan Puri Amrish Puri. It has some very popular songs composed and directed by S. D. Burman.
 Lafayette Escadrille also known as C'est la Guerre Hell Bent for Glory (UK) and With You in My Arms is an American war film produced by Warner Brothers Pictures. The film starred Tab Hunter David Janssen Will Hutchins and Etchika Choureau and featured Clint Eastwood in an early supporting role. It was the final film in the career of director William A.
 Arugba is a 2008 film.
 A Better Tomorrow 3: Love & Death in Saigon (Chinese: 英雄本色3-夕陽之歌; pinyin: Yīngxióng běnsè sān – xīyáng zhī gē; Jyutping: Jing1hung4 bun2sik1 saam – zik6joeng4 zi1 go1) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film co-produced and directed by Tsui Hark. It is a loosely-based prequel to John Woo's A Better Tomorrow though it was released after A Better Tomorrow 2.The film was directed by Tsui Hark the producer behind the first two films in the series.
 Our Kind of Traitor is an upcoming spy thriller film directed by Susanna White. This film is adapted from John le Carré's Our Kind of Traitor. The screenplay was penned by Hossein Amini. It stars Ewan McGregor Stellan Skarsgård Damian Lewis and Naomie Harris. Filming begun March 26 2014 and is set to continue for 10 weeks shooting in places such as London and its suburbs as well as Finland Bern Paris the French Alps and Marrakech.
 Dancing Sweeties (1930) is a romantic comedy film with music released by Warner Brothers starring Grant Withers and Sue Carol. The film is based on the story Three Flights Up by Harry Fried. Sue Carol then under contract to Fox Film was loaned out to Warner Bros. for the making of this film.
 Adamant is a short film created by Giacomo Mantovani in 2011. The production was completed in 2 weeks by a cast and crew of 10 people on location in the central London. The short garnered its first award at the 242 Movie TV contest Reason Wine which has been promoted by Ente Mostra Vini - Enoteca Italiana.
 Lost Things is a 2004 Australian suspense film about four friends who go away to the beach for the weekend.It was shot over 11 days. It was made without government assistance although received support from Showtime.
 Serious Moonlight is a 2009 black comedy film directed by Cheryl Hines. It stars Meg Ryan Timothy Hutton Kristen Bell and Justin Long. It was released by Magnolia Pictures on 4 December 2009.
 The FBI Story is a 1959 American drama film starring James Stewart and produced and directed by Mervyn LeRoy. The screenplay by Richard L. Breen and John Twist is based on a book by Don Whitehead.
 The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller. It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions and distributed by Warner Bros. Entertainment. The film was produced and directed by Clint Eastwood with Kathleen Kennedy as co-producer and the screenplay was adapted by Richard LaGravenese. The film stars Eastwood and Meryl Streep.
 Anton Spelec Sharp-Shooter (Czech: Anton Špelec ostrostřelec) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1932.
 Mr. Untouchable is an English language documentary film for HDNet Films directed by Marc Levin and produced by Mary-Jane Robinson. The film is about the rise and fall of Nicky Barnes a former drug kingpin in New York City. The film includes first-hand testimony from Barnes himself and was produced by New York based Blowback Productions.It opened in limited release on October 26 2007.
 Hearts of Humanity is a 1936 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Bransby Williams Wilfred Walter and Cathleen Nesbitt. The film was made at Shepperton Studios. The film's art direction was by John Bryan.
 The Tales of Hoffmann is a 1951 British film adaptation of Jacques Offenbach's opera The Tales of Hoffmann written produced and directed by the team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger working under the umbrella of their production company The Archers. The opera film stars Moira Shearer Robert Helpmann and Léonide Massine and features Robert Rounseville Pamela Brown Ludmilla Tchérina and Ann Ayars.
 Bring Happiness Home (Chinese: 快乐到家) is a 2013 Chinese film. It stars the hosts of the Chinese variety show Happy Camp who filmed it for their 15th anniversary.
 The Perfect Host is a 2010 American film written and directed by Nick Tomnay a remake of Tomnay's 2001 short film The Host. The film stars David Hyde Pierce and Clayne Crawford. Filming took place in Los Angeles California. It was filmed in 17 days.
 Flor marchita (Wilted Flower) is a 1969 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Boy Woodburn is a 1922 British silent sports film directed by Guy Newall and starring Newall Ivy Duke and Mary Rorke. It is set in the world of English horse racing. It was known in the United States by the alternative title Wings of the Turf. It was based on the 1917 novel Boy Woodburn by Alfred Ollivant.
 Kalakalappu is a 2012 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Sundar C. and produced by his wife Kushboo Sundar. It features Vimal Shiva Anjali Oviya and Santhanam in lead roles and music composed by Vijay Ebenezer. It was originally titled Masala Cafe but was later renamed to Kalakalappu. This movie is a Tamil adaptation of German comedy Soul Kitchen. The film released on 11 May 2012. The film is being remade in Telugu as Jump Jilani with Allari Naresh.
 A Knight's Tale is a 2001 adventure comedy film written produced and directed by Brian Helgeland. The film stars Heath Ledger Shannyn Sossamon Mark Addy Alan Tudyk Rufus Sewell Paul Bettany as Geoffrey Chaucer and James Purefoy as Sir Thomas Colville/Edward the Black Prince.Told in an anachronistic style with many modern references the film follows peasant faking to be a knight along with his companions in the world of medieval jousting.
 Max Havoc: Curse of The Dragon is an straight-to-DVD action film directed by Albert Pyun and Isaac Florentine on the island of Guam in 2004. Mickey Hardt plays Max Havoc an ex-kickboxer who has to stop a yakuza boss who goes on a crime spree to retrieve a valuable jade dragon statue. The movie was written by Irina Diether and was to be released in theaters around the world and to be turned into a syndicated television series in the United States but these plans never materialized.
 Heartbeat in the Brain is a 1970 documentary film produced and directed by Amanda Feilding an advocate of trepanation. In the film Feilding a 27-year-old student at the time drills a hole in her forehead with a dentist's drill. In the documentary surgical scenes alternate with motion studies of Feilding's pet pigeon Birdie.In 1978 Feilding screened the movie at the Suydam Gallery in New York.
 After Midnight is a 1927 American silent drama film written and directed by Monta Bell. The film stars Norma Shearer and Gwen Lee.
 No Greater Love is a 2010 Christian film directed by Brad J. Silverman. Lionsgate announced it acquired the North American home entertainment distribution rights to the film. Shot mostly on location in Lancaster California the film stars Anthony Tyler Quinn Danielle Bisutti and Jay Underwood. It is planned to be released to DVD on January 19 2010 and was featured at the Projecting Hope Film Festival.
 Christmas at Maxwell’s is a 2006 American independent drama film written and directed by William C. Laufer and starring Andrew May and Jacqueline 'Jack' Hourigan.
 Sherlock Holmes and the Deadly Necklace (German: Sherlock Holmes und das Halsband des Todes) is a 1962 black-and-white film directed by Terence Fisher. It was a West German-French-Italian international co-production. The film starred Christopher Lee as Sherlock Holmes and Thorley Walters as Dr. Watson. Curt Siodmak wrote the screenplay based on characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Undercover Blues is a 1993 comedy film about a family of secret agents starring Kathleen Turner and Dennis Quaid. The film was written by Ian Abrams and directed by Herbert Ross.
 Kannukku Kannaga is a 2000 Tamil drama film directed by S. Dhayalan. The film features Murali Devayani Vindhya and Raja in lead roles. The film produced by Henry had musical score by Deva and was released on 26 October 2000.
 Roll Bounce is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written by Norman Vance Jr. and directed by Malcolm D. Lee. The film stars hip hop artist Bow Wow as the leader of a roller skating crew in 1970s Chicago. The film also stars Nick Cannon Meagan Good Brandon T. Jackson Wesley Jonathan Chi McBride Kellita Smith and Jurnee Smollett. (The name of the film is derived from the 1979 song Bounce Rock Skate Roll by Vaughan Mason & Crew.)
 Crawlspace is a 2004 animated short film written directed and animated by Peter Sved as his graduation piece at The Australian Film Television and Radio School in Sydney.
 La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume (internationally released as A Policewoman on the Porno Squad) is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is the sequel of Tarantini's La poliziotta fa carriera and it is followed by La poliziotta a New York.
 S&M Hunter (地獄のローパー、緊縛・SM・18才(SMクレーン、宙吊り) Kinbaku · SM · 18-sai lit. SM kurên chûzuri) is Japanese pink film directed by Shuji Kataoka and starring Shiro Shimomoto Hiromi Saotome and Yutaka Ikejima. This film was shown in February 1986 for the first time in Japan. The U.S premiere is September 2008 in Austin Fantastic Fest. The second appearance of this film in the U.S. is at San Francisco Independent Film Festival. The DVD has been released since January 14 2009 in USA.
 Double Agent (Korean: 이중간첩) is a 2003 South Korean espionage/thriller film directed by Kim Hyeon-jeong about a North Korean intelligence officer who defects to South Korea.
 Rough Aunties is a 2008 documentary film directed by Kim Longinotto about a group of women who protect and care for abused neglected and forgotten children in Durban South Africa. It won the Grand Jury Prize in the 'World Cinema — Documentary' category at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.
 Low and Behold is a 2007 film by director Zack Godshall. It was produced by Sidetrack Films. The film uses neorealistic and documentary techniques interwoven with actors in fictional narrative story into a post-Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans.
 The Tars or De Jantjes is a 1934 Dutch comedy film drama directed by Jaap Speyer.
 Dear Heart is a 1964 American romantic comedy film starring Glenn Ford and Geraldine Page. It was directed by Delbert Mann from a screenplay by Tad Mosel. Its theme song Dear Heart was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
 Tempest is a 1982 American comedy-drama film directed by Paul Mazursky. It is a loosely based modern-day adaptation of the William Shakespeare play The Tempest. The picture features John Cassavetes Gena Rowlands Susan Sarandon and Molly Ringwald in her debut feature film.
 The Royal Bed is a 1931 pre-Code satirical comedy film produced by Henry Hobart and William LeBaron and distributed through RKO. The film stars Lowell Sherman Mary Astor and Anthony Bushell. It is based on a 1928 play by Robert E. Sherwood called The Queen's Husband.In 1958 the film entered the public domain in the USA due to the copyright claimant's failure to renew the copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 The Austin Powers series is a series of three American action-comedy films – Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997) Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999) and Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) – directed by Jay Roach produced written by and starring Mike Myers as both the title character and the main antagonist Dr. Evil and distributed by New Line Cinema.
 Filmpje! is a 1995 Dutch comedy film directed by Paul Ruven. It stars Dutch TV presenter and comedian Paul de Leeuw as two of his characters Bob de Rooy and his wife Annie de Rooy which were both featured in a lot of his TV sketches. Just like De Leeuw's TV shows the film is full of controversial comedy about taboo subjects.
 Dark Blue is a 2002 film directed by Ron Shelton and starring Kurt Russell. The film is based on a story written for film by crime novelist James Ellroy and takes place during the days leading to and including the Rodney King trial verdict.
 Hip-Hop: Beyond Beats and Rhymes is a 2006 documentary film written produced and directed by Byron Hurt. The documentary explores the issues of masculinity violence homophobia and sexism in hip hop music and culture through interviews with artists academics and fans. Hurt's activism in gender issues and his love of hip-hop caused him to feel what he described as a sense of hypocrisy and began working on the film.
 The Chaos Factor is a 2000 action-thriller film starring Antonio Sabato Jr. and Fred Ward.
 Transit is a 1979 Israeli drama film directed by Daniel Wachsmann. It was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Half-Life: Escape from City 17 is a two-part Canadian short film written developed and filmed by the Purchase Brothers. The film is set in the Half-Life universe during the events of Half-Life 2 and Half-Life 2: Episode One. Both films were critically acclaimed. Part One was released on February 13 2009; and Part Two was released on August 24 2011.On August 23 2013 Escape From City 17: Part 3 teaser trailer was announced.
 The Last Ball in November (Romanian: Noiembrie ultimul bal) is a 1989 Romanian film directed by Romanian director Dan Pița and based on a novel by Mihail Sadoveanu titled Locul unde nu s-a întâmplat nimic.
 Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer is a 2011 comedy film based on Megan McDonald's Judy Moody book series released on June 10 2011. It stars Jordana Beatty as a third grader named Judy Moody who sets out to have the most thrilling summer of her life. Reviews have been critically negative as the film holds a 19% rating from Rotten Tomatoes. The film debuted to poor box office performance earning only about $6 million and it claimed the No. 7 spot on its opening weekend.
 Chosen Survivors is a 1974 horror film directed by Sutton Roley and starring Diana Muldaur and Jackie Cooper.
 ELI is an award-winning short science-fiction thriller starring David Anders. It debuted at the Newport Beach Film Festival in April 2007 and premiered in Los Angeles on the Universal Studios backlot.
 Revel Films Pvt. Ltd. is an entertainment-based film production company. It was founded in 2009 by Ashok Pandey and Pragati Pandey. As part of its agenda the company invests in and nurtures talent ensuring that the films they churn out are sensible and entertaining.Revel Films ventured into the entertainment sector with the short film ‘An Expression’ and the feature film 'Phas Gaye Re Obama'. Both projects have been immensely appreciated by audiences and critics alike.
 Free Willy is a series of family films from Warner Bros. The first installment Free Willy was released on July 16 1993 the second Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home was released on July 19 1995 and the third film Free Willy 3: The Rescue was released on August 8 1997; these first three films were produced by Lauren Shuler Donner and distributed by Warner Bros..
 Via Darjeeling is a 2008 Bollywood film. It was directed by debutant Arindam Nandy. It stars Kay Kay Menon Sonali Kulkarni Vinay Pathak Sandhya Mridul and Rajat Kapoor as the lead protagonists.
 Ball Pen is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by Shashikanth. The film produced by Srinagar Kitty and Bhavana Belagere is a children's film which portrays the adventurous spirit emotions in children and also focuses on child abuse.
 Støv på hjernen is a 1961 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner. It is a remake of the Norwegian film Støv på hjernen from 1959.
 Boyfriends and Girlfriends (French title: L'Ami de mon amie also known as My Girlfriend's Boyfriend) is a 1987 comedy film directed by Éric Rohmer. The film stars Emmanuelle Chaulet Sophie Renoir Anne-Laure Meury.
 He Was Her Man is a 1934 mob film starring James Cagney Joan Blondell and Victor Jory and involves a man and his woman hiding out from a vicious gang. The movie was directed by Lloyd Bacon.There was also a 1937 Warner Bros. cartoon called He Was Her Man about a destitute woman afraid of going home to her abusive husband.
 Andaru Dongale (Telugu: అందరూ దొంగలే) is a 1974 Telugu Comedy film directed by V. B. Rajendra Prasad. It is a remake of 1972 Bollywood film Victoria No. 203. It is a commercial hit film ran for more than 100 days in 3 centers.
 Sharpe's Sword is a 1995 British television drama part of a series screened on the ITV network that follows the career of Richard Sharpe a fictional British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars. It is based on the novel of the same name by Bernard Cornwell though it is set a year later (1813) than the book.
 Cutting Moments (Daybreak) is a 1997 short film written produced and directed by Douglas Buck in cooperation with The New School. The film was re-released in August 2004 as part of Buck's suburban holocaust collection Family Portraits: A Trilogy of America.
 Mickey's Mix-Up is a 1929 short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman the two-reel short was released to theaters on October 13 1929 by RKO.
 Mutual Appreciation is a 2005 independent film by Andrew Bujalski who previously directed Funny Ha Ha (2002). The script is primarily dialogue between a group of young people as they try to determine where they fit in the world. It is considered part of the mumblecore movement.
 Big River Man is a 2009 documentary film directed by John Maringouin. It follows the Slovenian long-distance swimmer Martin Strel as he swims the entire 3300 mile length of the Amazon River between February and April 2007.The film was nominated for the grand Jury Prize at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and won the Excellence in Cinematography Award (Maringouin also shot the film). It is being distributed by Revolver Entertainment and the Discovery Channel.
 Anna Magdalena (Chinese: 安娜瑪德蓮娜) is a 1998 Hong Kong film starring Aaron Kwok Kelly Chen and Takeshi Kaneshiro. It was the directorial debut of production designer Yee Chung-Man.
 Poetry (Hangul: 시; hanja: 詩; RR: Si) is a 2010 South Korean drama film written and directed by Lee Chang-dong. It tells the story of a suburban woman in her 60s who begins to develop an interest in poetry while struggling with Alzheimer's disease and her irresponsible grandson. Yoon Jeong-hee stars in the leading role which was her first role in a film since 1994. The film was selected for the main competition at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Best Screenplay Award.
 Hee Man: Master of None is a 1985 Filipino fantasy film directed by Tony Y. Reyes
 Alice to Nowhere is a 1986 Australian miniseries set in the outback in 1954. The title refers to Alice Springs a town in the centre of the country. The plot involves a nurse and a pair of ruthless jewel thieves.The show enjoyed reasonable ratings when it aired.
 Quinneys is a 1927 British romance film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring John Longden Alma Taylor and Henry Vibart. It is an adaptation of the play Quinneys by Horace Annesley Vachell. David Lean worked on the film as a camera assistant. A British furniture salesman buys some chairs from an American dealer only to discover that they are fakes. It was made by Gaumont British at their Lime Grove Studios.
 Yam Daabo is a 1986 Burkinabé film.
 Bagets is a 1984 two-part Philippine youth-oriented comedy films made by Viva Films about a group of high school teenagers.It was a huge box-office success in Philippine cinema after it was shown and its popularity was proven after teenagers especially boys started copying the hairstyle and clothing style of the film's lead stars. Its popularity also set the trend for youth oriented movies in Philippine cinema.
 Sasanam is a 2006 Tamil drama film directed by Mahendran. The film set in the Chettinadu backdrop features Arvind Swamy Gouthami and Ranjitha in leading roles while Balabharathi composes the music and Nambiyathiri handles cinematography. The film began production in the mid-1990s but was only released in 2006 due to production trouble with all three of the lead actors retired at the time of release.
 Dime with a Halo is a 1963 film directed by Boris Sagal. It stars Barbara Luna and Rafael López.
 Woman of Fire (Hangul: 화녀; RR: Hwanyeo) is an award-winning 1971 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young. This was the second film in Kim's Housemaid trilogy followed by Woman of Fire '82.
 Cyberbully (stylized cyberbu//y) is a television film that premiered on July 17 2011 on ABC Family. ABC Family worked with Seventeen magazine to make the film and hopes it will delete digital drama. The film tells the story of a teenage girl who is bullied online. It was filmed in Montreal.[citation needed] The film was released on DVD February 7 2012.
 Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 (also known as Movietone Follies of 1929 and The William Fox Movietone Follies of 1929) was a black-and-white and color American musical film released by Fox Film Corporation.
 Redshirt Blues is a 2001 fan film that was made by fans of original Star Trek. It was written directed and produced by David O. Rogers. It satirizes the use of redshirts on the television series as well as the show itself Trekkies and popular culture.
 Life is Cool (Korean: 그녀는 예뻤다; rr: Geunyeoneun Yeppeotda; lit. She Was Beautiful) is a 2008 South Korean romance animated film and is the first rotoscoped film from that country. This film's visual style was influenced from Richard Linklater's two films Waking Life (2001) and A Scanner Darkly (2006).
 Dushman Duniya Ka (Devanagari: दुशमन दुनिया का Nastaliq: دشمن دنیا کا English: The World's Enemy) is a 1996 Bollywood film directed by Mehmood and produced by Ashok Mishra. The film stars Laila Mehdin and newcomer Manzoor Ali in the lead roles alongside Jeetendra and Sumalatha. Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan have special appearances in the film. It has music by then struggler Himesh Reshammiya who debuted in this film.
 Red Shadow (RED SHADOW 赤影 Reddo Shadō Akakage) is a 2001 Japanese action comedy-drama film by directed by Hiroyuki Nakano. It is a feature film remake of the 1967 TV series Masked Ninja Red Shadow (仮面の忍者赤影 Kamen no Ninja Akakage) created by Mitsuteru Yokoyama. The film stars Masanobu Ando in the title role and features a guest star appearance of Tomoyasu Hotei returning from the 1998 spin-off and virtual prequel Samurai Fiction.
 Sherrybaby is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Laurie Collyer. Screened at the Sundance Film Festival on January 25 2006 the film received a limited release in the United States on September 8 2006.
 All Tomorrow's Parties is a 2009 documentary film directed by All Tomorrow's People and Jonathan Caouette covering the history of the long running All Tomorrow's Parties music festival. Described as a post-punk DIY bricolage the film was created using footage generated by the fans and musicians attending the events themselves on a multitude of formats including Super8 camcorder and mobile phone.
 Fighting Mad is a 1976 film directed by Jonathan Demme about an Arkansas farmer played by Peter Fonda who uses Guerrilla tactics against corrupt land developers evicting him and his neighbors in order to stripmine their land.
 El Abandonado (The Abandoned) is a 1949 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Il Sorpasso (English: The Easy Life) is a 1962 Italian cult movie directed by Dino Risi. It is considered Risi's masterpiece and one of the most famous examples of Commedia all'italiana film genre.
 It's Only Talk is a Japanese film released in 2005 and is based on the prizewinning novel of the same title written by Akiko Itoyama and directed by Ryūichi Hiroki.
 Hot Tomorrows is a 1977 film directed by Martin Brest. The film includes appearances from actor Hervé Villechaize and the theatre troupe The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo and is the only filmed example of a performance from the troupe aside from the film Forbidden Zone.
 Night Passage is a 1957 Western film starring James Stewart and Audie Murphy.
 Little Witches is a 1996 horror film directed by Jane Simpson and written by Brian DiMuccio and Dino Vindeni. It has a similar plot to The Craft released in the same year; though Little Witches had a much smaller budget.
 The Dying of the Light is an upcoming American action thriller film directed and written by Paul Schrader. The film stars Nicolas Cage Anton Yelchin and Irène Jacob.
 Blessed by Fire (Spanish: Iluminados por el fuego) (2005) is an Argentine film about the Falklands War written and directed by Tristán Bauer. The film features Gastón Pauls Pablo Ribba César Albarracín and Hugo Carrizo among others. It is based on a book written by a veteran of the war.The film was nominated for 22 awards and won 14 of them.
 The Honor of Thieves is a 1909 American silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Sudden Death is a 1995 American action film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Powers Boothe. The film was released in the United States on December 22 1995. The film set in a hockey stadium was written by Gene Quintano based on a story by Karen Elise Baldwin the wife of Pittsburgh Penguins owner Howard Baldwin who was the producer.Sudden Death features a collaboration between Powers Booth and Raymond J.
 The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three epic fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson. They are based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R Tolkien. Portions of the trilogy are also adapted from the appendices to The Return of the King which expand on the story told in The Hobbit.
 Boys' Night Out is an American comedy film released in 1962 starring Kim Novak James Garner and Tony Randall and featuring Janet Blair Patti Page Jessie Royce Landis Oscar Homolka and Howard Duff. It was directed by Michael Gordon and was written by Ira Wallach based on a story by Arne Sultan and Marvin Worth.
 Men Don't Leave is a 1990 comedy-drama film that stars Jessica Lange as a housewife who after the death of her husband moves with her two sons to Baltimore. Chris O'Donnell Joan Cusack and Kathy Bates also co-star in this film.The film directed by Paul Brickman and co-written with Barbara Benedek is a remake of the French film La Vie Continue. The original music score was composed by Thomas Newman.
 Bright Lights (1930) is an all-talking pre-code American musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor and produced and released by First National Pictures a subsidiary of Warner Brothers. Although filmed in December of 1929 the film sat on the shelf until the autumn of 1930 when it was given a limited release. However Warners quickly withdrew the film when the studio realized that the public had grown weary of musicals.
 Immortal Song (Arabic: لحن الخلود‎ Lahn al-Kholood About this sound listen ) is a 1952 Egyptian romance/drama film directed by Henry Barakat. It stars Farid Al Atrache Faten Hamama Majda Madiha Yousri and Seraj Munir.
 The Healer is a 1935 American film directed by Reginald Barker. The film is also known as Little Pal (American reissue title).
 Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome (also known as Dick Tracy Meets Karloff and Dick Tracy's Amazing Adventure (UK) ) is a 1947 thriller film starring Ralph Byrd Anne Gwynne and Boris Karloff. The film is the fourth and final installment of the Dick Tracy film series released by RKO Radio Pictures.
 Fair Game is a 1986 Australian action thriller film directed by Mario Andreacchio from a screenplay by Rob George. Quentin Tarantino enthuses about the movie in the documentary Not Quite Hollywood.
 All in a Night's Work is a 1961 romantic screwball comedy starring Dean Martin and Shirley MacLaine and directed by Joseph Anthony.
 Stall is an upcoming American horror film directed by Dan Glaser and written by Timothy J. Meyer. The story revolves around a single mother who when an unknown virus suddenly breaks out across on a small college campus finds herself trapped in a dormitory bathroom with one of the infected.
 Nosferatu eine Symphonie des Grauens (translated as Nosferatu: A Symphony of Horror; or simply Nosferatu) is a 1922 German Expressionist horror film directed by F. W.
 Vishnuvardhana is a 2011 Kannada comedy thriller film starring Sudeep Bhavana Menon and Priyamani in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by P. Kumar and produced by veteran actor Dwarakish. The film is supposedly a tribute to south super star Kannada Matinee Idol Dr.Vishnuvardhan who was a friend of Dwarakish. V. Harikrishna has composed the music. The film released on 8 December 2011.
 Avengers of the Reef is a 1973 Australian children's film.
 La vida no vale nada (Life is Worth Nothing) is a 1955 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza and directed by Rogelio A. González.
 The Mate of the Sally Ann (also known as Peggy Rebels) is a 1917 silent film directed by Henry King.
 I Mobster is a 1958 crime-drama film directed by Roger Corman. The film currently holds a 6.3/10 user rating on IMDb.
 Petticoat Camp is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Florence La Badie.
 Cuando florezca el naranjo is a 1943 Argentine film.
 Rembrandt is a 1940 Dutch film directed by Gerard Rutten. It portrays the life of the Dutch artist Rembrandt (1606-1669). He had previously been played by Charles Laughton in the 1936 film Rembrandt. A 1942 German film was also made starring Ewald Balser.
 Kiss the Bride Goodbye is a 1945 British romantic comedy drama directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Patricia Medina and Jimmy Hanley. The film also features an early role for Jean Simmons almost two years before she achieved stardom in Great Expectations.
 The Boudoir Diplomat is a 1930 American romantic comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair from the play The Command To Love by Fritz Gottwald and Rudolph Lothar.
 The Paper Will Be Blue (Romanian: Hârtia va fi albastră) is a 2006 Romanian film written and directed by Radu Muntean. The film was nominated for the 2006 Golden Leopard award at Locarno International Film Festival.
 Whistle Stop is a 1946 black and white crime film noir directed by Léonide Moguy and featuring starring George Raft and Ava Gardner. The screenplay is written by Philip Yordan and based on a novel by Maritta M. Wolff. The supporting cast includes Victor McLaglen and Tom Conway
 Full Metal Village is a 2007 documentary film about the lives of the residents of a small village in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein Wacken in a series of interviews and visual tableaux as it prepares for the annual Wacken Open Air Festival.
 Danger Zone is a 1996 film directed by Allan Eastman and starring Billy Zane and Robert Downey Jr.
 The Watermelon is an independent feature film penned by Michael Hemmingson and directed by Brad Mays. It is produced by Lorenda Starfelt at LightSong Films in North Hollywood.The Watermelon is Michael Hemmingson's first produced full-length screenplay and director Brad Mays' fourth feature film.
 The Damned is a 1963 British science fiction film starring Macdonald Carey Shirley Anne Field and Oliver Reed. It was a Hammer Film production directed by Joseph Losey and based on H.L. Lawrence's novel The Children of Light.
 Pinchu Hridhayam is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1966.
 Requiem for a Secret Agent (also known as Requiem per un agente segreto) is an Italian international co-production Eurospy spy film. It was co-produced with Spain (where it was released as Consigna: Tánger 67) and West Germany (where it was released as Der Chef schickt seinen besten Mann).It is the third and last Eurospy movie of Sollima and the first he signed with his real name (in the two previous spy films he was credited as Simon Sterling). It was shot is Morocco.
 La Bruja (The Witch) is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Electric Dragon 80.000 V is a 2001 Japanese film written and directed by Sogo Ishii. The comic-book style story stars Tadanobu Asano and Masatoshi Nagase as electricity wielding super-heroes.
 The Cat’s-Paw (1934) is a comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Sam Taylor. It was one of the great silent film comedian’s few sound films.The Cat’s Paw a novel by Clarence Budington Kelland had appeared in the Saturday Evening Post from August 26-September 30 1933 when Lloyd read it and decided to buy the rights to it for $25000.
 Tetsu no tsume (鉄の爪 Tetsu no tsume) is a 1951 black-and-white Japanese horror film (J-Horror) directed by Shinsei Adachi.
 Déjà Vu is a 1997 American dramatic romance film directed by Henry Jaglom. It stars Stephen Dillane Victoria Foyt and Vanessa Redgrave. It premiered at the American Film Institute Festival on 25 October 1997 and was released theatrically on 22 April 1998.
 Ghost Punting (Chinese: 五福星撞鬼) also known as Lucky Stars Ghost Encounter is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by and starring Sammo Hung. It is the sixth film of the Lucky Stars series. Co-starring Lucky Stars members Eric Tsang (also co-director) Stanley Fung Richard Ng Charlie Chin and non-Lucky Star member Natalis Chan with action choreography by the Sammo Hung Stuntmen's Association and Corey Yuen (also co-director). The film's emphasis is more on comedy than action.
 Border Incident is a 1949 film noir directed by Anthony Mann. The MGM film was written by John C. Higgins and George Zuckerman. The film was shot by cinematographer John Alton who used shadows and lighting effects to involve an audience despite the fact that the film was shot on a low budget. The drama features Ricardo Montalban George Murphy Howard Da Silva among others.
 The Strength of Donald McKenzie is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by and starring William Russell and Jack Prescott. The film also stars Charlotte Burton Harry Keenan George Ahern John Prescott Nell Franzen and Margaret Nichols.
 Live Free or Die is a 2006 American comedy film starring Aaron Stanford Paul Schneider Zooey Deschanel Michael Rapaport Judah Friedlander Kevin Dunn and Ebon Moss-Bachrach. It was written and directed by former Seinfeld writers Gregg Kavet and Andy Robin.
 It Happened One Night is a 1934 American romantic comedy film with elements of screwball comedy directed by Frank Capra in which a pampered socialite (Claudette Colbert) tries to get out from under her father's thumb and falls in love with a roguish reporter (Clark Gable). The plot was based on the August 1933 short story Night Bus by Samuel Hopkins Adams which provided the shooting title.
 M (Hangul: 엠; RR: Em) is a 2007 South Korean psychological drama film starring Kang Dong-won.
 U.F.O. is a 1993 British sci-fi spoof that stars Roy 'Chubby' Brown in the role of a blue comedian whose act offends a pair of female aliens who proceed to kidnap him and put him on trial.
 Umma (English: Mother) is a 1960 Malayalam social drama film directed and produced by Kunchacko. It was the first directorial venture of Kunchacko. Its screenplay is written by Vimal while the dialogues are by P. K. Sarangapani who was on his debut. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Moidu Padiyath. It was the first Muslim social film in Malayalam.
 The Model and the Star (Spanish: La modelo y la estrella) is a 1939 Argentine comedy film directed by Manuel Romero. The film premiered on March 15 1939 in Buenos Aires and starred Alita Román.
 Main Aur Mr. Riight is an upcoming Bollywood movie. The film stars Barun Sobti and Shenaz Treasurywala. Main Aur Mr. Riight tells the story of a young girl in search of her Mr. Right.
 Sex: The Annabel Chong Story is a 1999 documentary film directed filmed and produced by Vancouver B.C. Canada based producer's Gough LewisKelly Morris and Peter Carr and edited by co-creator Kelly Morris. The film profiles porn star Annabel Chong (born Grace Quek) a gender studies student at the University of Southern California who was also an adult actress famous for setting a world record by having sex 251 times with 69 men in ten hours in January 1995.
 Roseanna is a 1993 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Daniel Alfredson based on the novel Roseanna (1965).
 Geethanjali is a 1989 Telugu romance film written and directed by Mani Ratnam. The soundtrack is composed by Ilaiyaraaja. Upon release the film met with both commercial success and critical acclaim. The film released in 1989 along with a dubbed version in Tamil titled Idhayathai Thirudathe. The film was later dubbed in Malayalam. The film was remade in Hindi as Yaad Rakhegi Duniya starring Aditya Pancholi Rukhsar and Vikram Gokhale.
 Night Eyes is a 1990 erotic thriller film written by Tom Citrano and Andrew Stevens. It stars Andrew Stevens Tanya Roberts Cooper Huckabee and Warwick Sims. The film spawned a series of sequels following similar plots.
 About Last Night (styled as About Last Night...) is a 1986 American romantic dramedy film. The film was directed by Edward Zwick and stars Rob Lowe and Demi Moore as Chicago yuppies who enter a committed relationship for the first time. It is based on the 1974 David Mamet play Sexual Perversity in Chicago. The film was remade as the 2014 About Last Night (without the ellipsis).
 The Golden Bowl is a 2000 drama film directed by James Ivory. The screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is based on the 1904 novel of the same name by Henry James who considered the work his masterpiece.
 Georgica is a 1998 Estonian drama film directed by Sulev Keedus.The film takes its name from Virgil's poem of the same name.
 Punnagai Mannan (English: King of Smiles) is a 1986 Tamil film directed by K. Balachander. Starring Kamal Haasan and Revathi in the lead roles the film is Haasan's 25th film with Balachander. Coincidentally it is music director Ilaiyaraaja's last film with lyricist Vairamuthu. The film was dubbed into Telugu as Dance Master. The film later dubbed into Hindi as Cha Cha Charlee in 1996.
 Sati Seeta is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 Chinese Puzzle (French: Casse-tête chinois) is a French film directed by Cédric Klapisch released in 2013. It's the third chapter of the Spanish Apartment trilogy after L'Auberge Espagnole (2002) and Russian Dolls (2005). The film was nominated for the Best Music award at the 39th César Awards.
 Good Guys Wear Black is a 1978 action film starring Chuck Norris. This was the third film to feature Norris as the star.
 Touch of Death was a black and white British crime genre film released in 1961 starring William Lucas and directed by Lance Comfort.
 The Matchmaker is a 1958 American comedy film directed by Joseph Anthony. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes is based on the 1955 play of the same name by Thornton Wilder.
 Choto Bou is a 1988 Bengali film directed by Anjan Chowdhury and produced by Sree Krishna Film Production under the banner of Sree Krishna Film Production. The film features actors Prosenjit ChatterjeeRanjit MallickSandhya Roy and Debika Mukhopadhyay in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Swapan Chakraborty.
 All the Light in the Sky is a movie by Joe Swanberg starring Jane Adams who co-wrote the movie.
 No Time for Flowers is a 1952 film directed by Don Siegel.
 Dolly's Scoop is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. A print of the film survives.
 The Ranger and the Lady is a 1940 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Faeries is a 1981 animated special that appeared on CBS in the United States. It is based on the book Faeries described and illustrated by Brian Froud and Alan Lee directed by Lee Mishkin with animation direction by Fred Hellmich and executive produced by Thomas W. Moore Anne Upson and Jean Moore Edwards.
 A Midsummer Night's Dream (Czech: Sen noci svatojánské) is a 1959 Czechoslovak animated puppet film directed by Jiří Trnka. It is based on the Shakespeare play of the same name. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. An English-language dubbed version was made with narration by Richard Burton.The film won several awards including the Prize of the Technical Committee in Cannes and an Honourable Medal at the Venice Film Festival.
 Dersu Uzala (Russian: Дерсу Узала Japanese: デルス·ウザーラ; alternate U.S. title: Dersu Uzala: The Hunter) is a 1975 Soviet-Japanese co-production film directed by Akira Kurosawa his first non-Japanese-language film and his first and only 70mm film. The film won the Golden Prize and the Prix FIPRESCI at the 9th Moscow International Film Festival and the 1976 Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
 Garbage Dreams is a 2009 feature length documentary film produced and directed by Mai Iskander. Filmed over the course of four years Garbage Dreams follows three teenage boys growing up in Egypt’s garbage village. Garbage Dreams aired on the PBS program Independent Lens for the occasion of Earth Day 2010 and has been screened in many international film festivals.
 The Michelle Apartments is a Canadian black comedy film released in 1995 by John Pozer.The film stars Henry Czerny as Alex Hartwell a government auditor sent to the small town of Walton to review the books of a chemical company. When his hotel room is mistakenly given to another client he is forced to take a room in the Michelle Apartments where he is drawn into a romantic attraction to his neighbour Madeline (Mary Beth Rubens) whose husband Dean (Daniel Kash) is in prison.
 Silver Saddle (Italian: Sella d'argento; also released under the titles The Man in the Silver Saddle and They Died with Their Boots On) is a 1978 Spaghetti Western. It is the third and final western directed by Lucio Fulci and one of the last spaghetti westerns to be produced by a European studio.
 Dallas: War of the Ewings is a 1998 television movie. It is the second of two Dallas reunion movies following on from the weekly series that ran from 1978-91 and the first reunion movie Dallas: J.R. Returns from 1996. It aired on CBS on April 24 1998 two decades after the original series premiere.
 Panchagni (English: Five Fires) is a 1986 Malayalam film scripted by M.T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan music by Bombay Ravi and lyrics by O N V Kurup. It stars Geetha Mohanlal Nadia Moidu and Thilakan.
 Hello My Dear Wrong Number is a 1986 Malayalam comedy film directed by Priyadarshan written by Sreenivasan and starring Mohanlal Manianpilla Raju Jagathy Sreekumar Lizy and Menaka. The story is loosely based on Hitchcock classic North by Northwest (1959).
 Bound in Morocco was a 1918 American silent action comedy/romance film starring Douglas Fairbanks. Fairbanks produced and wrote the film's story and screenplay (under the pseudonym Elton Thomas) with Allan Dwan directing. The film was produced by Douglas Fairbanks Pictures Corporation and distributed by Famous Players-Lasky/Artcraft Pictures. It is now considered a lost film.
 Mr. Naive (Persian: Aghaye hallou‎ also released as Mr. Gullible) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Dariush Mehrjui. It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Ugly Duckling and Me! is a 2006 animated film which won an award at the China International Cartoon and Digital Art Festival. Intended for a family audience it is a modern adaptation of The Ugly Duckling by Hans Christian Andersen. It was directed by Michael Hegner and Karsten Kiilerich. The Yorkshire Post described it as a feel good film for family audiences.The film is based on a television series of the same name.
 Sawal Majha Premacha is a Marathi movie released on September 2006. Produced by Arvind Samant and directed by Kumar Sohni. The movie is based on a father and son who fall in love with a mother and daughter there by ensuing a comical lover’s spat between the two!
 Disco Fever also known as Jukebox is a 1978 American film about a nightclub owner who plans the comeback of an ex-teen idol.
 The Agony and the Ecstasy is a 1965 film directed by Carol Reed starring Charlton Heston as Michelangelo and Rex Harrison as Pope Julius II. The film was partly based on Irving Stone's biographical novel of the same name. This film deals with the conflicts of Michelangelo and Pope Julius II during the painting of the Sistine Chapel's ceiling. It also features a soundtrack co-written by prolific composers Alex North and Jerry Goldsmith.The film was shot in Todd-AO and Cinemascope versions.
 ...und sowas muß um acht ins Bett is a 1965 Austrian-West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander Gitte Hænning and Ingeborg Schöner.
 Special Bulletin is an American made-for-TV movie first broadcast in 1983. It was an early collaboration between director Edward Zwick and writer Marshall Herskovitz a team that would later produce such series as thirtysomething and My So-Called Life. In this movie a terrorist group brings a homemade atomic bomb aboard a tugboat in the harbor of Charleston South Carolina in order to blackmail the U.S.
 Mania Days is an upcoming American drama romance film directed and written by Paul Dalio. The film stars Katie Holmes Luke Kirby Christine Lahti Griffin Dunne and Bruce Altman.
 Papori (Assamese: পাপৰী) is an Assamese language feature film directed by Jahnu Barua. The film stars Gopi Desai Biju Phukan Sushil Goswami Chetana Das and Dulal Roy. The film was released in 1986.
 I Saw the Sun (Turkish: Güneşi Gördüm) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written and directed by Mahsun Kırmızıgül which tells of a Kurdish family who are forced from their village in southeastern Turkey by the conflict there. The film which was released on 13 March 2009 (2009-03-13) was one of the highest grossing Turkish films of 2009 prompting its re-release on 18 September 2009 (2009-09-18).
 Date with an Angel is a 1987 American fantasy comedy film starring Emmanuelle Béart Phoebe Cates and Michael E. Knight. The film was written and directed by Tom McLoughlin. The original music score was composed by Randy Kerber. The visual effects were produced at Boss Film Studios under the supervision of Visual Effects Supervisor Richard Edlund. The film was marketed with the tagline Jim is about to marry a princess... but he's in love with an angel.
 Parash Pathar (Bengali: পরশ পাথর Porosh Pathor; English: The Philosopher's Stone; French: La Pierre Philosophale; released 17 January 1958) was Satyajit Ray's first film apart from the Apu Trilogy. It was also his first comedy and first magical realist film. Adapted from a short story of the same name by Parasuram (Rajsekhar Bose) the film offered an early glimpse of Ray's sense of humour centred on a middle-class clerk who accidentally discovers a stone that can turn other objects into gold.
 The Seafarers is Stanley Kubrick's fourth film and third short documentary made for the Seafarers International Union directed in June 1953.There are shots of ships machinery a canteen and a union meeting. The film was shot in color and was supervised by the staff of The Seafarers Log the union magazine.
 For the 1924 silent film see The Midnight Express (film).Midnight Express is a 1978 American/British film directed by Alan Parker and produced by David Puttnam. It is based on Billy Hayes' 1977 book Midnight Express and was adapted into the screenplay by Oliver Stone. It starred Brad Davis Irene Miracle Bo Hopkins Paolo Bonacelli Paul L. Smith Randy Quaid Norbert Weisser Peter Jeffrey and John Hurt.
 Twentynine Palms is a 2003 film directed by Bruno Dumont.
 Panic Beats (Spanish: Latidos de pánico) is a 1983 Spanish horror film starring Jacinto Molina (also known as Paul Naschy) which he also directed. It is a sequel to the 1972 film Horror Rises from the Tomb.
 The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and the most well-known and commercial adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum. The film stars Judy Garland; Terry the dog billed as Toto; Ray Bolger Jack Haley Bert Lahr Frank Morgan Billie Burke Margaret Hamilton with Charley Grapewin and Clara Blandick and the Singer Midgets as the Munchkins with Pat Walshe as leader of the flying monkeys.
 Secret Agent (1936) is a British film directed by Alfred Hitchcock loosely based on two stories in Ashenden: Or the British Agent by W. Somerset Maugham. The film starred John Gielgud Peter Lorre Madeleine Carroll and Robert Young. Future star Michael Redgrave made a brief uncredited appearance; he would play the male lead in Hitchcock's The Lady Vanishes two years later. This was also Michael Rennie's film debut (uncredited).
 Happy Mother's Day Love George (also called Run Stranger Run) is an American mystery film.
 Scarlet Seas is a lost 1929 silent film romantic adventure produced by Richard A. Rowland and distributed by First National Pictures. The picture was directed by John Francis Dillon. It starred Richard Barthelmess Betty Compson and teen Loretta Young. This film was released with a Vitaphone soundtrack of music and effects which survive. The visual elements of the film are lost.
 The Green Pack is a 1934 British drama film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring John Stuart Aileen Marson and Hugh Miller. It was based on a play by Edgar Wallace. In the film the wealthy investor in a South African gold mine is found murdered with several obvious suspects for the crime.
 Chronicle of a Disappearance (Arabic: Segell Ikhtifa) is a 1996 drama film by Palestinian director and actor Elia Suleiman. Suleiman stars in the film along with his family members his relatives and other non-actors. Dhat Productions produced the film. The film features no real storyline or character arc.
 La Buscona is a 1970 Argentine film.
 El Profesor Hippie is a 1969 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Fernando Ayala and written by Abel Santacruz which Ayala produced with Héctor Olivera. The film starred Luis Sandrini Roberto Escalada and Soledad Silveyra. The film premiered on July 31 1969 in Buenos Aires.
 Ninja Turf (aka Los Angeles Streetfighter) is an 1986 martial arts film starring Loren Avedon and Phillip Rhee.Thomas F. Wilson appears in this film in a small role.
 Coffy is a 1973 blaxploitation film written and directed by American filmmaker Jack Hill. The story is about a black female vigilante played by Pam Grier.The film's tagline in advertising was They call her 'Coffy' and she'll cream you!
 Jackal of Nahueltoro (Spanish: El Chacal de Nahueltoro) is a 1969 Chilean drama film directed by Miguel Littín. It is based on a real life event about an alcoholic peasant who killed a woman and her five children in 1960. He was sentenced to death and executed by firing squad in 1963. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Double Bunk is a 1961 British black-and-white comedy set on a houseboat that stars Ian Carmichael and Sid James.The musical score was composed by Stanley Black and the title song sung by Sid James and Liz Fraser was by Stanley Black Jack Fishman and Michael Pratt.
 The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland is a 1999 American children's film directed by Gary Halvorson. It is the second theatrical feature-length film based on the popular U.S. children's series Sesame Street. Produced by Jim Henson Pictures in association with the Children's Television Workshop and released by Columbia Pictures on October 1 1999 the film co-stars Mandy Patinkin and Vanessa L. Williams. The film was shot in Wilmington North Carolina at EUE/Screen Gems.
 A Story about a Bad Dream (2000) is a docudrama made by Czech director Pavel Stingl dramatizing the diary of Eva Erbenova a young girl who survived the Holocaust. The film based on her memoir uses reenactments. with its child narrator and naive view of World War II it can appeal to a younger audience.
 Serengeti Shall Not Die (German: Serengeti darf nicht sterben) is a 1959 German documentary film written and directed by Bernhard Grzimek.His son the cinematographer Michael Grzimek died on-location during the filming of the documentary when a plane he piloted collided with a vulture.It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 1959.
 The China Syndrome is a 1979 American thriller film that tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant. It stars Jane Fonda Jack Lemmon and Michael Douglas with Douglas also serving as the film's producer.The cast features Scott Brady James Hampton Peter Donat Richard Herd and Wilford Brimley. The film was directed by James Bridges and written by Bridges Mike Gray and T. S.
 The Battle of Shaker Heights is a 2003 American comedy-drama film co-directed by Efram Potelle and Kyle Rankin. It starred Shia La Beouf Elden Henson Kathleen Quinlan Amy Smart and Shiri Appleby. The film was the winning script for the second season of Project Greenlight.
 The Revelator Collection DVD is a mix of music videos and concert footage of singer-songwriter Gillian Welch and her musical partner David Rawlings. All of the video was filmed in black and white by still photographer Mark Seliger.The first three tracks were recorded at RCA Studio B in Nashville Tennessee and document the recording of these songs for Welch's 2001 album Time (The Revelator).The remaining songs are all filmed before live audiences.
 Imaginum is a Mexican animated sci-fi-comedy film produced by Ánima Estudios and released in theaters on August 19 2005. It features the voices of Eugenio Derbez and Ilse. The film took 18 months to develop in contrast to other animated films which take up to 40 months to develop.
 Love Me Not (Hangul: 사랑따윈 필요없어; RR: Sarang ddawin piryo eopseo; literally Love and Such Is Not Necessary) is a 2006 South Korean romance film directed by Lee Cheol-ha and starring Moon Geun-young and Kim Joo-hyuk. It is based on the 2002 TBS Japanese drama I Don't Need Love Summer (愛なんていらねえよ、夏 Ai Nante Irane Yo Natsu) featuring Ryōko Hirosue.
 The Mechanic is a 2011 American action thriller film starring Jason Statham as the title character. Directed by Simon West it is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name directed by Michael Winner and starring Charles Bronson and Jan-Michael Vincent. Statham stars as Arthur Bishop a professional assassin who specializes in making his hits look like accidents suicides or the acts of petty criminals. It was released in the United States and Canada on January 28 2011.
 Dushman is a 1972 Hindi film produced by Premji and directed by Dulal Guha. It is based on a novel by Veerendra Sharma.
 The Sea Hound (1947) is a Columbia movie serial starring Buster Crabbe based on the radio show The Sea Hound. It was the thirty-fourth of the fifty seven serials produced by Columbia.
 Without Anesthesia (alternative English title: Rough Treatment) is the English-language title for the Polish film Bez znieczulenia released in 1978 directed by Andrzej Wajda. It was entered in the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.According to the screenplay Without Anesthesia takes place in the 1960s.
 Head On is a 1980 Canadian drama film directed by Michael Grant. It was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival. It was released on VHS home video by Vestron Video in 1985 in the USA and has not yet been released on DVD. It is also known in the USA as Fatal Attraction (not to be confused with the 1987 film of the same name starring Michael Douglas and Glenn Close).
 George Harrison: Living in the Material World is a 2011 documentary film directed by Martin Scorsese based on the life of Beatles member George Harrison. It has earned six nominations at the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards winning two Emmy Awards for Outstanding Nonfiction Special and Outstanding Directing for Nonfiction Programming.
 Tepepa (also known as Long Live the Revolution and Blood and Guns) is an Italian Zapata-themed spaghetti western film. The film was directed by Giulio Petroni. It was co-produced with Spain where the film was released with the title Tepepa... Viva La Revolución.
 Puss in Boots is a 2011 American computer-animated action comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation directed by Chris Miller (who directed Shrek the Third in 2007) executive produced by Guillermo del Toro and written by Brian Lynch with screenplay by Tom Wheeler. It stars Antonio Banderas Salma Hayek Zach Galifianakis Billy Bob Thornton and Amy Sedaris.
 A Sweet Scent of Death (Spanish: Un dulce olor a muerte) is a 1999 Mexican drama film directed by Gabriel Retes based on the novel of the same name by Guillermo Arriaga who also wrote the screenplay. It was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Saint Monica is a 2002 Canadian film written and directed by Terrance Odette. It was nominated for Best Lead Performance by a Female actress (Genevieve Buechner) in a Feature Length Drama at the 2002 Leo Awards and won Best Achievement in Music for an Original Song (Com Estas Asas by Carlos Lopes) at the 2003 Genie Awards.
 Salvation Nell is a 1921 silent film produced by Whitman Bennett and distributed by Associated First National Pictures later First National Pictures. It was directed by Kenneth Webb and stars Pauline Starke. The film is based on a successful 1908 Broadway play that starred Minnie Maddern Fiske. This film survives in the George Eastman House and the Library of Congress collection. An earlier 1915 version with Beatriz Michelena is now lost. A later 1931 talkie made by Tiffany Pictures survives.
 Duelle is a 1976 experimental fantasy drama directed by Jacques Rivette. The title is a play on words roughly translated as Twhylight.[citation needed] The film stars Juliet Berto as the Queen of the Night who battles the Queen of the Sun (Bulle Ogier) over a magical diamond that will allow the winner to remain on earth specifically modern day Paris.
 The Winter War (original title in Finnish: Talvisota) is a 1989 Finnish war film directed by Pekka Parikka based on The Winter War a novel by Antti Tuuri. It tells the story of a Finnish infantry regiment JR 23 which consists almost solely of men from Southern Ostrobothnia focusing mainly on a platoon of reservists from Kauhava. The film was released in Finland and Sweden on the 50th anniversary of the beginning of the Winter War.
 Gangsta Granny is a British comedy-drama television film based on David Walliams' children's comedy fiction book of the same name. The adaptation is by Kevin Cecil and Andy Riley. The first broadcast was on BBC One on 26 December 2013.
 Tea in the Harem (French: Le Thé au harem d'Archimède) was a book written by Mehdi Charef first published in 1983. In 1985 Charef also directed the film adaptation of the book. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival. The film won the Prix Jean Vigo in 1985.Ricardo Villalobos's 2004 studio album Thé Au Harem D'Archimède appears to reference this book.
 Weapons of Mass Distraction is a 1997 film starring Gabriel Byrne Ben Kingsley Mimi Rogers Jeffrey Tambor and other stars in an ensemble cast about two media moguls and their fight over ownership of a professional football team. It was written by Larry Gelbart and directed by Stephen Surjik.This film was nominated for four Primetime Emmy awards.
 The Strong Man is a 1926 American comedy silent film starring Harry Langdon and directed by Frank Capra in his feature-length directorial debut.Along with Tramp Tramp Tramp The Strong Man is Langdon's best known film. Capra would also direct Langdon's next feature Long Pants (1927) which would be their final collaboration.
 Behind the Yellow Line (緣份 Yuen Fan) also known as Fate is a 1984 Hong Kong romantic comedy with casting by Leslie Cheung Maggie Cheung and Anita Mui.
 Deadtime Stories is a 1986 American film directed by Jeffrey Delman.The film is also known as Freaky Fairytales (in the United Kingdom) The Griebels from Deadtime Stories (in the Netherlands) and The Griebels (European DVD English title).The film has developed a small cult following over the years.[citation needed]
 Underbelly Files: The Man Who Got Away is an Australian made-for-television movie that aired on 21 February 2011 on the Nine Network. It is the last of three television movies in the Underbelly Files series the other two being Tell Them Lucifer was Here and Infiltration. It recounts the true story of British-Australian drug smuggler David McMillan the only man ever to escape from Bangkok's Klong Prem prison.
 The Wedding Maidens (Chinese: Chujia nu) is a 1990 Chinese drama film directed by Jin Wang. It was entered into the 17th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George.
 Brothers is a 1913 drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.
 Ramanujan is an upcoming biographical film based on the life of renowned Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan. The film has been shot back to back in Tamil and English languages. Ramanujan has been produced by the independent Indian production house Camphor Cinema. Gnana Rajasekaran directed and also penned the screenplay for the film.The cast consists of South Indian and British film stage and screen personalities.
 Prisoner of the Night (Hungarian: Az éjszaka rabjai) is a 1914 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
 Circus of Fear (German: Das Rätsel des silbernen Dreieck or Circus of Terror) is a 1966 British-German international co-production thriller film starring Christopher Lee Suzy Kendall Cecil Parker and Victor Maddern. The U.S. title was Psycho-Circus. It was based on a novel by Edgar Wallace.
 I Downloaded a Ghost is a 2004 film starring Carlos Alazraqui as Winston the Ghost and Ellen Page as Stella Blackstone.
 Forbidden Fruit is a 1921 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It is a remake of the 1915 film The Golden Chance which was also directed by DeMille. The film survives in prints at George Eastman House and the Library of Congress.
 Until We Meet Again (また逢う日まで) is a 1950 Japanese film directed by Tadashi Imai.
 Fickle Fatty's Fall is a 1915 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Street Acquaintances (German: Straßenbekanntschaft) is an East German film. It was released in 1948 and sold 6469626 tickets.
 Oliver Twist (Hungarian: Twist Olivér) is a 1919 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Márton Garas and starring Tibor Lubinszky Emil Fenyvessy and Jenö Törzs. It is an adaptation of the novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.
 His Last Race is a 1923 American film starring Australian actor Snowy Baker. It was billed as a thrill-o-drama with a story written around action scenes.
 Transe is a 2006 Portuguese film directed by Teresa Villaverde. It won a Special Jury Award at the 2007 Lecce Festival of European Cinema.
 Rocked: Sum 41 in Congo is a 2005 film documentary directed by Adrian Callender describing the experiences of Sum 41 as they take a break from the music to join War Child Canada in traveling to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) for a look at the African country where the rage of war has held a population in fear since 1998.Before being caught in the middle of a battle between rebel soldiers and government troops band members Deryck Steve Cone and Dave meet with Congolese children to whom death had become a way of life.Rocked is an unscripted account of an African country in turmoil as seen through the eyes of rock band Sum 41. 
 Bengawan Solo (Indonesian for Solo River) is a now-lost 1949 film from what is now Indonesia. Directed by Jo An Djan it starred Sofia WD Rd Mochtar and Mohamad Mochtar.
 Dangerous Liaisons (危險關係) is a 2012 Chinese film by Hur Jin-ho loosely based on the novel with the same title by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos.
 The Exquisite Thief is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning. Prints of this film survive.
 Prey is a 2007 horror thriller film based on a screenplay from Jeff Wadlow Beau Bauman and was co-written and directed by Darrell Roodt the film stars Bridget Moynahan Peter Weller and Carly Schroeder.
 De Carthage à Carthage is a Tunisian 2009 documentary film.
 Sathyam is a 2003 Telugu film which was directed by Surya Kiran. It falls into the romance/drama genre. The film stars Sumanth and Genelia D'Souza and was very successful at the box-office. Released in December 2003 it was Sumanth's first major commercial hit and was Genelia's debut Telugu film. It was produced by the noted film star and Sumanth's uncle Akkineni Nagarjuna under the popular Annapurna Studios banner.
 Zodiac Killers is a 1991 Hong Kong action thriller drama film directed by Ann Hui and starring Andy Lau Cherie Chung and Junichi Ishida.The inspiration of Zodiac Killers came from a mysterious case of a mainland Chinese female student studying abroad in Japan who was killed from falling onto the tracks. The film presents occasional delicate touch like the pursue of broken mirror pieces along with a regular monotonous beat with a dark style.
 The Babe is a 1992 biographical film about the life of famed baseball player Babe Ruth who is portrayed by John Goodman.
 De Dana Dan (Hindi: दे दना दन) is a 2009 Hindi comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. The story is a partial adaptation of Priyadarshan's own Malayalam film Vettam. The film's cast includes Akshay Kumar Sunil Shetty Katrina Kaif and Sameera Reddy in lead roles.Filming began on 1 December 2008 at Mehboob Studios in Mumbai.
 Target for Tonight is a 1941 British documentary film billed as filmed and acted by the Royal Air Force all while under fire. It was directed by Harry Watt. The film is about the crew of a Wellington aircraft. The film went on to win an honorary Academy Award in 1942 and 'Best Documentary' by the National Board of Review in 1941.
 Competition is a 1915 short film produced by the American Film Manufacturing Company released by Mutual Film directed by B. Reeves Eason and Tom Ricketts and starring Charlotte Burton. It was Eason's directional debut and he also acted in it.
 Manly Times (Bulgarian: Мъжки времена / Mazhki vremena) is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1977 directed by Eduard Zahariev starring Grigor Vachkov Mariana Dimitrova Velko Kanev and Pavel Popandov. The screenplay written by Nikolay Haytov is based on the short stories Manly Times and Wedding from his book Wild Stories (1967).In a colourful folklore manner the movie presents an old tradition of stealing girls for brides that was a reputable occupation in the Rhodope Mountains region.
 I Can't Escape is a 1934 American film directed by Otto Brower. The film is also known as The Magic Vault (American alternative title).
 Thegidi (English: Dice / Deception) is a Tamil murder mystery film directed by P. Ramesh and produced by C. V. Kumar under his banner Thirukumaran Entertainment. The film features Ashok Selvan and Janani Iyer in the leading roles while Nivas Prasanna composes the film's music. The film released on February 28 2014 and opened to generally positive reviews from critics. A Telugu dubbed version Bhadram was thereafter released on March 21 2014.
 Hundra is a 1983 Italian-Spanish fantasy film directed by Matt Cimber and starring Laurene Landon.
 Geet is a 1992 Bollywood Hindi film released on 20 November 1992 starring Divya Bharti Avinash Wadhavan Shakti Kapoor Laxmikant Berde Dharmesh Tiwari.
 Yogi is a 2009 Indian Tamil action-drama film directed by Subramaniam Siva who earlier directed films like Thiruda Thirudi and Pori. Starring director-turned-actor Ameer Sultan Madhumitha Swathi Ponvannan lyricist Snehan making his acting debut and Ganja Karuppu in lead roles the film is written by Ameer himself and has musical score by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
 Girlfriend in a Coma is a documentary about Italian and western decline directed produced and co-written by Annalisa Piras journalist and film-maker co-written and narrated by Bill Emmott former editor-in-chief of The Economist. It has been lauded as being ground-breaking in its creative combination of animation interviews and hard facts and has caused fierce controversy in Italy.
 A Private Function is a 1984 British comedy film starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith. The film was predominantly filmed in Ilkley and Ben Rhydding West Yorkshire. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.
 Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses is a 1994 film directed by Aki Kaurismäki. It is a sequel to the popular 1989 film Leningrad Cowboys Go America that introduced the fictional Russian rock band Leningrad Cowboys which subsequently became a notable real life rock band in Finland.
 A Glass of Beer (Hungarian: Egy pikoló világos) is a 1955 Hungarian comedy film directed by Félix Máriássy and starring Éva Ruttkai Tibor Bitskey and Elma Bulla. It is also known as A Half Pint of Beer.
 The Canterville Ghost is a 1985 American fantasy-comedy film. It is one of many treatments based on the novella of Oscar Wilde The Canterville Ghost.
 It Happened on Fifth Avenue (1947) is a motion picture comedy directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Victor Moore Ann Harding Don DeFore and Gale Storm. The film received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Story.
 Karen Cries on the Bus (Spanish: Karen llora en un bus) is a 2011 Colombian drama film written and directed by Gabriel Rojas Vera.
 Scacco alla regina internationally released as Check to the Queen is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.It is based on the novel The Slave by Renato Ghiotto.
 Sidekicks is a 1992 action film starring Jonathan Brandis and Chuck Norris.
 We Who Are Young is a 1940 American drama film written by Dalton Trumbo and starring Lana Turner John Shelton and Gene Lockhart. Directed by Harold S. Bucquet.Black and white.
 Tamiluku En Ondrai Aluthavum is an upcoming Tamil film written directed by Ram Prakash Rayappa and produced by Sasi Nambeesan. The film stars Nakul Attakathi Dinesh Bindu Madhavi and Aishwarya Dutta.
 Aag Ka Gola (English translation - Fire Ball) is 1989 Hindi language Movie directed by David Dhawan and starring Sunny Deol Dimple Kapadia Shakti Kapoor Prem Chopra.
 Jim in Bold is a documentary about Jim Wheeler a gay high school student in Lebanon Pennsylvania who committed suicide in 1997 because of constant harassment at school. The film was created by the Equality Forum and directed by Glenn Holsten. The original music was composed by Michael Aharon.
 I Wake Up Screaming (originally titled Hot Spot) is a 1941 film noir. It is based on the novel of the same name by Steve Fisher who co-wrote the screenplay with Dwight Taylor. The film stars Betty Grable Victor Mature and Carole Landis and features one of Grable's few dramatic roles.
 The Taming of Sunnybrook Nell is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres written by Harry Wulze and starring William Garwood Louise Lester and Vivian Rich.
 Lisa Lisa (released theatrically as California Axe Massacre and also known as Axe) is an American exploitation horror film it was written and directed by Frederick R. Friedel and stars Leslie Lee as Lisa of the title.
 I Am Curious (Blue) whose original Swedish title Jag är nyfiken – en film i blått translates as I Am Curious – A Film in Blue is a 1968 Swedish film directed by Vilgot Sjöman and starring Lena Nyman as a character named after herself. It is a companion film to 1967's I Am Curious (Yellow); the two were initially intended to be one 3½ hour film. The films are named after the colours of the Swedish flag.Blue is a second version of Yellow taking place before and after the first film.
 Wholesale Souls Inc. is an independent film written and directed by Andrew Gingerich. The film is the first work of Gingerich and was filmed cast and funded primarily through his friends and family. All the scenes were filmed on location in Fort Collins Colorado.
 Osa kryvei i nychta (Greek: Greek: Όσα κρύβει η νύχτα As Long as the Night is Hidden alternative Greek title Agria nychta (Άγρια νύχτα)) is a 1964 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Stelios Zografakis.The film stars Petros Fyssoun Martha Vourtsi Dionysis Papayiannopoulos Andreas Douzos Efi Oikonomou Hristos Tsaganeas Nitsa Tsaganea and Nikos Fermas.
 The Great Radium Mystery is a 1919 American adventure film serial directed by Robert Broadwell and Robert F. Hill. This serial is now considered a lost film.
 Sleeping Dogs Lie is a 1998 film produced by Sullivan Entertainment and based on the true-life story of Ambrose Small a Toronto millionaire who went missing after selling his chain of burlesque theatres for $1.7 million to Loew’s movie theatres. The film is inspired by the book The Strange Case of Ambrose Small by Fred McClement. The movie stars Wendy Crewson as Mrs.
 Nobleza ranchera (Rural Chivalry) is a 1975 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Bonded Parallels (Armenian: Խճճված զուգահեռներ) is a 2009 film written and directed by Armenian filmmaker Hovhannes Galstyan. This film deals with two stories which take place at different times and linked by the birth of the protagonist the daughter and the death of the second main character the mother. The destiny of these two heroines has been influenced by the true story of an Armenian soldier during World War II in Norway and by director's personal history.
 The Blacks (Croatian: Crnci) is a 2009 Croatian drama film directed by Goran Dević and Zvonimir Jurić. The film was selected as the Croatian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 Gosford Park is a 2001 British mystery film directed by Robert Altman and written by Julian Fellowes. The film stars an ensemble cast which includes Helen Mirren Maggie Smith Derek Jacobi Eileen Atkins Alan Bates Kristin Scott Thomas Clive Owen Emily Watson Charles Dance and Michael Gambon. The story follows a party of wealthy Britons and an American and their servants who gather for a shooting weekend at Gosford Park an English country house.
 Sundara Purushan is a Tamil film starring Livingston and Rambha in lead role that became a runaway hit. Livingston until then acted only as a villain or a sidekick but the movie gave him a much needed breakthrough. Sundara Purushan also dealt with the serious issue of unwilling marriages but with a comical undertone from start to finish. Livingston also wrote the story and the screenplay for the movie.
 The Dognapper (Portuguese: Mato sem Cachorro) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Pedro Amorim his directorial debut and starring Bruno Gagliasso Leandra Leal and Danilo Gentili. The film was released in Brazil on October 4 2013 the National Dog Day and World Animal Day.
 Little Nellie Kelly is a 1940 musical comedy film based on the stage musical of the same name by George M. Cohan which was a hit on Broadway in 1922 and 1923. The film was written by Jack McGowan and directed by Norman Taurog.
 Care Bears: Share Bear Shines is a 2010 computer animated direct-to-DVD film featuring the Care Bear Power Team. The film was produced by SD Entertainment and Shari Lewis Enterprises who also made 2007's Care Bears: Oopsy Does It!.
 The Comebacks is a 2007 American satirical comedy film directed by Tom Brady. This film is a parody of the clichés and plots of the sports film genre. In the UK Greece Finland and Australia this film is called Sports Movie . The movie was released into theaters on October 19 2007.
 Prohibido para menores is a 1956 Argentine film.
 Tensou Sentai Goseiger vs. Shinkenger: Epic on Ginmaku (天装戦隊ゴセイジャーVSシンケンジャー エピック on 銀幕 Tensō Sentai Goseijā tai Shinkenjā Epikku on Ginmaku) is a versus film in the Super Sentai Series long standing tradition of crossover films known collectively as the VS Series. The film released on January 22 2011 features a meeting of the casts and characters of Tensou Sentai Goseiger and Samurai Sentai Shinkenger.
 The Bubble (Hebrew: הבועה HaBuah) is a 2006 romantic drama directed by Eytan Fox telling the story of two men who fall in love one Israeli and one Palestinian. The title of the film refers to Tel Aviv a relatively peaceful city in a tumultuous region and the setting of the film.
 The Crucible (French: Les Sorcières de Salem German: Die Hexen von Salem or Hexenjagd) is a 1957 joint Franco-East German film production directed by Raymond Rouleau with a screenplay adapted by Jean-Paul Sartre from the 1953 play The Crucible by Arthur Miller. The film was only briefly released on home video and is extremely difficult to find.
 Difendo il mio amore is a 1957 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 The Exile (Georgian: Modzgvari Russian: Изгнанник) is a 1922 Soviet Georgian film directed by Vladimir Barsky based on the novel by Alexander Kazbegi.
 Haata Dhari Chalutha is a 2013 Oriya romantic movie directed by Himansu Parija. It was produced by Anubhav & Anuprash Mohanty. The film starts with Anubhav mohanty & Barsha priyadarshini in lead roles. The music was given by Prem Anand. The film released on 14 June 2013.
 Le sette folgori di Assur (English title: War Gods of Babylon) is a 1962 Italian film set in the ancient Middle East which anachronistically portrays several figures as contemporaries who historically lived hundreds of years apart.This film was directed by Silvio Amadio.
 Silencing Mary also released as Campus Justice is a 1998 television film directed by Craig R. Baxley. The film was made to warn people about rape and popular teen actress Melissa Joan Hart was cast in the lead to draw a young audience.
 The Plunderers is a 1960 film directed by Joseph Pevney. It stars Jeff Chandler and John Saxon. It was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1960.
 Immoral Tales (French: Contes immoraux) is a 1974 French anthology film directed by Walerian Borowczyk. The film was Borowczyk's most sexually explicit at the time. The film is split into four erotic themed stories that involve the loss of virginity masturbation bloodlust and incest.After the release of Immoral Tales Borowczyk began to fall out of favor from film critics. Modern critical reception to the film is that it is not one of Borowczyk's strongest works.
 Quo Vadis? is a 1912 film directed by Enrico Guazzoni based on the 1896 novel of the same name. It was the first blockbuster in the history of cinema with 5000 extras lavish sets and a running time of two hours setting the standard for superspectacles for decades to come. A worldwide success it was the first film to be projected in a first-class Broadway theater where it was screened for nine months from April to December 1913.
 Wolfhound (Russian: Волкодав из рода Серых Псов [Volkodav iz roda Serykh Psov] translated as Wolfhound of The Grey Hound Clan) is a 2006 Russian fantasy film based on the novel of the same name by Maria Semenova.With one of the biggest film budgets in the history of Russian cinema (including work done in post production by international studios) the film was a notable success in its homeland.Although the film did not see widespread theatrical release in the English speaking world international distributors such as Central Partnership and Momentum Pictures have produced English language home video versions which have met with some critical acclaim.
 The Noon Gun is a 2004 documentary film directed by Anthony Stern. In 1971 the experimental film maker Anthony Stern travelled to Afghanistan with his 16 mm film camera. The footage was lost for almost 30 years. Recently rediscovered it forms the basis of this impressionistic documentary with an original soundtrack provided by the world fusion musicians Equa.The Noon Gun had its world premiere at the 53rd Melbourne International Film Festival (MIFF) in 2004.
 Truth in 24 is a 2008 documentary film directed by Keith Cossrow and Bennett Visltear detailing Audi's preparation for the 2008 24 Hours of Le Mans. The team is followed through several races prior to Le Mans including the 12 Hours of Sebring and the 1000km of Monza. Neither race results in victory for Audi (although they did win class at Sebring) heading into Le Mans.
 Touch the Sound: A Sound Journey with Evelyn Glennie is a 2004 German documentary film directed by Thomas Riedelsheimer about profoundly deaf Scottish classical percussionist Evelyn Glennie. In the film Glennie who won a Grammy Award in 1989 collaborates with English experimental musician Fred Frith and others and explains how she perceives sound.
 Pudhu Padagan (English: New Singer) is a 1990 Indian Tamil drama film directed by S. Thanu. The film features Vijayakanth and Amala in lead roles. The film produced and had musical score by S. Thanu was released on 14 April 1990.
 Wild America is a 1997 adventure comedy film directed by William Dear written by David Michael Wieger and starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas Devon Sawa and Scott Bairstow.
 This article is about the 1930 US film-for other uses go to The Right to Love (disambiguation)The Right to Love is a 1930 American drama that was nominated at the 4th Academy Awards for Best Cinematography (for Charles Lang). It was based off the novel Brook Evans.
 O Nanna Nalle (Kannada: ಓ ನನ್ನ ನಲ್ಲೆ) is a 2002 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed and enacted in the lead role by V. Ravichandran. The film also stars Isha Koppikar Sadhu Kokila and Srinivasa Murthy in prominent roles. The film is about a girl who loses her sight accidentally and fells in love with a musician whom she hated while she had vision.
 Anonymous is a 2011 political thriller and historical drama film. Directed by Roland Emmerich and written by John Orloff the movie is a fictionalized version of the life of Edward de Vere 17th Earl of Oxford an Elizabethan courtier playwright poet and patron of the arts.
 No Monkey Business is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Gene Gerrard June Clyde and Renée Houston.
 The Walk is a City Block Films and Aslan Pictures production in cooperation with the Native Peoples of California. It was an official selection of the Sundance Film Festival and was distributed by Rugged Entertainment.
 It Came from Somewhere Else is a 1988 motion picture comedy directed by Howard Hassler. It is a spoof of sci-fi films and is a B-movie.
 Sometimes A Great Notion (a.k.a. Never Give An Inch ) is a 1971 American drama film directed by Paul Newman and starring Newman Henry Fonda and Lee Remick. The screenplay by John Gay is based on the 1964 novel of the same title by Ken Kesey the first of his books to be adapted for the screen. Filmed in the summer of 1970 it was released that New Year's Eve.
 The Hands of Che Guevara (Dutch: De handen van Che Guevara; Spanish: Las manos de Che Guevara) is a 2006 documentary film made by Dutch film director Peter de Kock. The documentary is a search for the severed hands of the Latin American guerrilla fighter Ernesto Che Guevara.After Guevara's execution in Bolivia in 1967 his hands were severed from his body for purposes of identification. After fingerprints were taken the hands and Guevara's body disappeared.
 The Hand in the Trap (Spanish: La Mano en la trampa) is a 1961 Argentine film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson based on a novel by Beatriz Guido. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Prize.
 The Devil's Chaplain is a 1929 American romance film directed by Duke Worne written by Arthur Hoerl and George Bronson Howard and featuring Boris Karloff. It was produced by Trem Carr and released by Rayart Pictures.
 Samastha Keralam PO is a 2009 Malayalam film by Bipin Prabhakar starring Jayaram and Priyanka.
 Lost Souls is a 2000 American horror film directed by Janusz Kamiński in his directorial debut. The film stars Winona Ryder Ben Chaplin Elias Koteas and John Hurt.
 Razzle Dazzle: A Journey Into Dance is a 2007 Australian mockumentary comedy film directed by Darren Ashton about competitive dance first screened on 15 March 2007. It made over two million dollars at the box-office making it one of the most successful Australian films of the last several years.
 Dubai Seenu is a 2007 Telugu film starring Ravi Teja in the lead role and Nayantara as Teja's love interest. The film is directed by Srinu Vaitla who directed two other films of Ravi Teja Nee Kosam and Venky. D.V.V. Danayya produced this film after the box office success of his maiden film Desamuduru. This movie earned high family audiencies to raviteja and was a hit.The film was dubbed in Hindi as Loafer and in Tamil as Dubai Rani.
 Traffic Department (Polish: Drogówka) is a 2013 Polish crime film directed by Wojciech Smarzowski. It competed in the main competition section of the 35th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Romeo & Juliet: Sealed with a Kiss is a 2006 American animated family fantasy film loosely following the play Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. The film is about two star-crossed seals Romeo and Juliet (played by Daniel and Patricia Trippet respectively) who fall in love against the wishes of their warring families.
 Hong Kong Rhapsody (花月良宵) is a 1968 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers musical film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.
 Let George Do It is a 1938 comedy starring popular stage comedian George Wallace. It was the first of two films Wallace made for Ken G. Hall at Cinesound Productions the other one being Gone to the Dogs (1939). Hall later called Wallace in my opinion easily the best comedian that this country has produced.
 O periergos (Greek: Ο περίεργος) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Omiros Evstratides and starring Stathis Psaltis Mimis Fotopoulos and Kaiti Finou.
 Shudharil Shudhan is a 2009 Malayalam film by debutant director Jayaraj Vijay starring Mukesh Kalabhavan Mani and Indrans.The film is about an estate worker named Ramankutty (Indrans) who is forced to lead a strike against the estate management leaving his family in starvation.
 Erotic Nights of the Living Dead (Italian: Le notti erotiche dei morti viventi) is a 1980 Italian erotic-horror film written and directed by Joe D'Amato. The film was shot at the same time as Porno Holocaust with the same cast and crew and it involves a similar plot with a group of businessmen who arrive on an island have sex and are killed off one by one. The film has received negative reviews.
 Father of Four and Uncle Sofus (Danish: Far til fire og onkel Sofus) is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
 Trailer Park Boys: The Movie also known as The Big Dirty and simply Trailer Park Boys is a 2006 Canadian comedy film based on the hit television series Trailer Park Boys. The film follows characters Ricky Julian and Bubbles creating a plan for The Big Dirty one last crime that will enable them to retire from their criminal lives. The film like the series was directed and produced by Mike Clattenburg with Ivan Reitman as an executive producer.
 Bharya Bhartalu (Telugu: భార్యాభర్తలు) is a 1961 Telugu Drama film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and produced by Prasad Art Pictures.It is remade in Hindi as Hamrahi (1963) by L. V. Prasad starring Rajendra Kumar and Jamuna Ramanarao.
 God of Gamblers II (Chinese: 賭俠; Cantonese Yale: Dou Hap; literally Knight of Gambling) is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing. It stars Andy Lau as Little Knife Stephen Chow as the Saint of Gamblers and Ng Man-Tat as Blackie Tat. This movie is a sequel to both God of Gamblers which included Lau's character and to All for the Winner which starred Chow and Ng.
 Press is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Sedat Yılmaz which tells the story of six employees at the Diyarbakır office of Turkey's first Kurdish language daily newspaper. The film was selected for the 47th Antalya Golden Orange International Film Festival.The English word was used in the original title of the film because of the double meaning of the word both describing the work done and the pressure on the journalists.
 Katharina Knie is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Karl Grune and starring Eugen Klöpfer Carmen Boni and Adele Sandrock. It is based on the 1928 play of the same title by Carl Zuckmayer. The film's art direction was by Robert Neppach and Erwin Scharf.
 ¡Así se quiere en Jalisco! (That's the way we love in Jalisco!) is a 1942 Mexican film. It was directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Blue Water White Death is a 1971 American documentary about sharks.
 A Good Man is a 2011 documentary film about Tony Award-winning dance choreographer Bill T. Jones and his efforts to create the dance-theatre piece Fondly Do We Hope...Fervently Do We Pray a salute to Abraham Lincoln for Chicago's Ravinia Festival. A Good Man details Jones's personal struggles with race and coming to grips with the legacy of the Lincoln Presidency and the American Civil War.
 Dialing for Dingbats is a 1989 light-hearted romantic comedy directed by Peter Slodczyk and distributed by Troma Entertainment. The film follows the adventures of nerdy Randy who unable to score a girl in the real world tries his hand at a '900' party line number.Unusual for Troma comedies at the time 'Dialing for Dingbats' features very little nudity. It was cross-promoted in the background of a scene in Troma's Tromeo and Juliet where a poster of 'Dingbats' appears.
 The Four Feathers is a 1939 Technicolor adventure film directed by Zoltan Korda starring John Clements Ralph Richardson June Duprez C. Aubrey Smith. Set during the reign of Queen Victoria it tells the story of a man accused of cowardice. The fourth film adaptation of the 1902 novel of the same name by A.E.W. Mason it was the first fully sound one (the Paramount Pictures version of the 1929 film had a soundtrack with music and sound effects only).
 Passione is a 2010 documentary film directed by John Turturro. It was filmed on location in Naples Italy. The film was released in the United States in June 2011.
 Dragon from Russia is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Clarence Fok and based on the Japanese manga Crying Freeman and written by Kazuo Koike and Ryoichi Ikegami and also produced by Dean Shek and starring Sam Hui Maggie Cheung Nina Li Chi Carrie Ng Loletta Lee and Dean Shek. This was Dean Shek’s final film appearance who has retired from acting in two years later.
 Santa Fe Scouts is a 1943 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by Howard Bretherton.
 Auld Lang Syne (1929) is a British musical film directed by George Pearson and starring Harry Lauder Dorothy Boyd and Patrick Aherne. It was originally made as a silent film but in September 1929 sound was added. It was shot at Cricklewood Studios in Cricklewood London.
 Barefoot Gen (はだしのゲン Hadashi no Gen) is a war drama anime loosely based on the Japanese manga series by Keiji Nakazawa. Directed by Mori Masaki and released in 1983 it depicts World War II in Japan from a child's point of view revolving around the events surrounding the bombing of Hiroshima and the main character's first hand experience of the bomb.
 The Dutiful Dub is a 1919 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 I Misteri di Venezia is a 1952 Italian film.
 Café Cantante is a 1951 Argentine film.Directed and written by Antonio Momplet. The movie was released on July 5th 1951.
 Lifecycles: A Story of AIDS in Malawi is a 2003 documentary from directors Sierra Bellows and Doug Karr focusing on the AIDS epidemic in Malawi Africa.
 Antoine and Antoinette (French: Antoine et Antoinette) is a 1947 French comedy film directed by Jacques Becker. It was entered into the 1947 Cannes Film Festival.
 Back Street is a 1932 film made by Universal Pictures directed by John M. Stahl and produced by Carl Laemmle Jr.. The screenplay was written by Gladys Lehman and based on the novel by Fannie Hurst. The film stars Irene Dunne and John Boles.
 A Berlin Romance (German: Eine Berliner Romanze) is a 1956 East German neo-realist romantic drama film about youth urban life in the divided city of Berlin directed by Gerhard Klein. It was produced by the Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA) film company. It stars Annekathrin Bürger Ulrich Thein and Uwe-Jens Pape. The script was written by Wolfgang Kohlhaase with a score composed by Günter Klück.
 Allá en el trópico (English: Back in the Tropics) is a 1940 Mexican comedy musical film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Tito Guízar Esther Fernández and Carlos López.
 The Man Who Watched Trains Go By (1952) is a crime drama film released in the United Kingdom with an all-European cast including Claude Rains in the lead role. Rains plays the role of Kees Popinga who is infatuated with Michele Rozier (Märta Torén). The film was released in the United States in 1953 under the title The Paris Express. It was directed by Harold French and based on the novel by Georges Simenon.
 Witness to Murder is a 1954 suspense film starring Barbara Stanwyck. While the film received moderately positive reviews it ended up as an also-ran to Alfred Hitchcock's somewhat similar Rear Window which opened less than a month later. The latter picture was a box-office hit.
 Libera Me (Hangul: 리베라 메; RR: Libera mae) is a 2000 South Korean action blockbuster film about a mentally-unbalanced arsonist and the firefighters who struggle to stop him.
 Marysia i Napoleon (Mary and Napoleon) is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1966. The film is set in two time periods: modern and historical.
 Roommates is a 1995 American comedy-drama film starring Peter Falk D. B. Sweeney and Julianne Moore directed by Peter Yates. The original music score was composed by Elmer Bernstein. The film was marketed with the tagline Some people talk. Some people listen. When you're 107 and going strong you do whatever you want.
 Drunken Master is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Jackie Chan Yuen Siu-tien and Hwang Jang Lee. The film was a success at the Hong Kong box office earning two and a half times the amount of Chan's previous film Snake in the Eagle's Shadow which was also considered a successful film. It is an early example of the comedic kung fu style for which Jackie Chan became famous. The film popularised the Zui Quan (醉拳 drunken fist) fighting movemen.
 Gilda Live is an American film released in 1980 starring Gilda Radner. It was directed by Mike Nichols and was produced by Lorne Michaels. Radner and Michaels and all of the writers involved with the production were alumni from the television program Saturday Night Live.
 Müezzin is a 2009 Austrian-Turkish documentary film directed by Sebastian Brameshuber about the annual Turkish competition for the best muezzin. The film was selected for the 29th International Istanbul Film Festival and 16th London Turkish Film Festival.
 The Brute (Hungarian: Dúvad) is a 1961 Hungarian film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Silent Mystery is a 1918 drama film serial directed by Francis Ford. The film is considered to be lost.
 Kiladi Kittu (Kannada: ಕಿಲಾಡಿ ಕಿಟ್ಟು) is a 1978 Kannada film directed by K.S.R. Das. The film starred Vishnuvardhan and Rajnikanth in lead roles. The music for the film was composed by Mohan Kumar.
 Big Money Rustlas is an American Western comedy film directed by Paul Andresen. The film is the prequel to the 2000 film Big Money Hustlas. Joseph Bruce wrote the story and he Andresen and Studebaker Duchamp adapted the story into a screenplay. Their writing was influenced by classic Western films classic Warner Bros.
 Three on a Limb is a 1936 American short comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Buster Keaton.
 The Sundowners is a 1950 American film directed by George Templeton.The film is also known as Thunder in the Dust in the United Kingdom.
 White Man's Legend is a 1984 Australian TV movie about an old seaman who buys a boat.
 Pattalam (Malayalam : പട്ടാളം) is a 2003 Malayalam film by Lal Jose starring Mammootty and Biju Menon with Jagathy Sreekumar Oduvil Unnikrishnan Innocent and Jyothirmai in supporting roles. This film revolves around incidents in a small village after the army sets up a temporary camp. This film was a flop.
 'Wonderland' also known as The Wonders is an Israeli film directed by Avi Nesher was released in 2013. This is a comic thriller which is a tribute to the film noir genre. In the film stands the figure of a young man known as Bunny which opens the door to a private investigator for observation The flat opposite.
 Margery and Gladys is a made-for-TV film released in 2003. It was directed by Geoffrey Sax.
 The White Game (Swedish: Den vita sporten) is a 1968 Swedish documentary film about the protests against the 1968 Davis Cup tennis match between Sweden and Rhodesia in Båstad Sweden.
 The Apple (a.k.a. Star Rock) is a 1979 musical science fiction film starring Catherine Mary Stewart and directed by Menahem Golan. It is a discoesque rock opera-styled feature set in a futuristic 1994 dealing with themes of conformity versus rebellion and infused with Biblical allegories (namely the tale of Adam and Eve). The film was a low budget attempt by the young Cannon studio to capitalize on the success of music-oriented films like Saturday Night Fever and Grease.
 My Lady's Lips (also known as My Ladies' Lips) is a 1925 silent drama film written by John F. Goodrich and directed by James P. Hogan for B.P. Schulberg and his Preferred Pictures Corporation. The film stars Alyce Mills and represents an early role for actress Clara Bow.
 Hungame Pe Hungama is an upcoming delayed Bollywood comedy film directed by Kabeer Kaushik . And produced by Shooting Star Productions
 To Live and Die in Mongkok (simplified Chinese: 旺角监狱; traditional Chinese: 旺角監獄 is a 2009 Hong Kong drama thriller film directed by Wong Jing and Billy Chung.
 A Simple Case (Russian: Простой случай Prostoy sloochay) is a 1932 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller.
 Project Uganda Project Uganda is an independent documentary film initiative supported by the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA). It is helmed by two participants in the Concordia University Volunteer Abroad Program (CUVAP - [1]). The film's purpose will be to document the lives of 24 Concordia students on an aid initiative in the northern Uganda town of Gulu.
 Tumi Ele Tai is a 1999 Bengali film directed by Prabhat Roy and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rituparna Sengupta in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Debojyoti Mishra.
 È l'amor che mi rovina is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati.
 Padma Nadir Majhi (Bengali: পদ্মা নদীর মাঝি English: Boatman of the River Padma or The Padma Boatman) (1993) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Goutom Ghosh from the novel of the same name Manik Banerjee's Padma Nadir Majhi.
 Cry Me a River is a 2008 short film directed by Chinese filmmaker Jia Zhangke. The film is a romance based around the reunion of four college friends and lovers after ten years. The leads are played by Jia regulars Zhao Tao and Wang Hongwei and Hao Lei and Guo Xiaodong who starred together in Lou Ye's 2006 film Summer Palace.
 See You Next Tuesday is a 2013 independent drama film directed by Drew Tobia and his first full length feature film.
 Birdnesters of Thailand (French: Chasseurs des ténèbres) is a 1991 French short documentary film directed by Éric Valli. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Drop Dead Fred is a 1991 comedy fantasy cult film directed by Ate de Jong produced by PolyGram Filmed Entertainment and Working Title Films and released and distributed by New Line Cinema.
 La Colpa di una madre is a 1952 Italian film.
 Luke Rides Roughshod is a 1916 American short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Sidekick is a 2005 Canadian independent film in the comic-book/fantasy genre. Tech support nerd and comic-book fan Norman Neale discovers that suave co-worker Victor Ventura has telekinetic powers. Neale trains Ventura with the intention of creating a super-hero but Ventura has other uses for his powers in mind.
 Tubby and Enid is a British drama television film that is set to first broadcast on BBC Two in 2014. Written and directed by Victoria Wood the drama is a musical film of her stage play That Day We Sang.
 Congo vivo is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti and Jean Seberg.
 The Crazy Companies II (最佳損友闖情關) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing starring Andy Lau Sandra Ng and Natalis Chan.
 The Indiana Jones franchise is an American entertainment franchise based on the adventures of Dr. Henry Indiana Jones a fictional archaeologist. It began in 1981 with the film Raiders of the Lost Ark. A prequel Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom followed in 1984 and the sequel Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade in 1989.
 Pandi is a Tamil language film set to be released in 2008. It stars Raghava Lawrence and Sneha in the lead roles. The film released on 23 May 2008. This movie was much talked because of Sneha's glamour and it was a moderate success.
 Tokyo Emmanuelle (東京エマニエル夫人 Tōkyō Emanieru fujin) is a 1975 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Akira Katō and starring Kumi Taguchi.
 Young Guns is a 1988 Western action film directed by Christopher Cain and written by John Fusco. The film was the first to be produced by Morgan Creek Productions. The film stars Emilio Estevez Kiefer Sutherland Lou Diamond Phillips Charlie Sheen Dermot Mulroney Casey Siemaszko Terence Stamp Terry O'Quinn Brian Keith and Jack Palance.Young Guns is a retelling of the adventures of Billy the Kid during the Lincoln County War which took place in New Mexico during 1877–78.
 Naughty Jatts (Punjabi: ਨੌਟੀ ਜੱਟਸ) is a Punjabi romantic comedy film directed by Pankaj Batra and produced by Multiline Entertainment (Satish Katyal and Sandeep Bhalla). The film stars Arya Babbar Roshan Prince and Binnu Dhillon opposite Neeru Bajwa. It was released to theaters on 2 August 2013.
 Seven Keys to Baldpate is a 1917 American silent mystery/thriller film produced by George M. Cohan and distributed by Artcraft Pictures an affiliate of Paramount. The film is based on Cohan's play of the novel by Earl Derr Biggers. Cohan himself stars in this silent version along with Anna Q. Nilsson and Hedda Hopper billed under her real name Elda Furry.
 Blood of the Virgins (Spanish: Sangre de vírgenes) is a 1967 Argentine gothic horror film directed by Emilio Vieyra.
 The Bonded Woman is an extant 1922 silent film drama produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Phil Rosen and stars Betty Compson John Bowers and Richard Dix. Long a lost film a copy was discovered in the Gosfilmofond Russian Archive.
 Polly of the Circus is a 1932 American MGM drama film directed by Alfred Santell. The film stars Marion Davies and Clark Gable.
 Burglar is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Hugh Wilson and distributed by Warner Bros. The film stars Whoopi Goldberg and Bobcat Goldthwait.
 Up for the Derby is a 1933 British sports comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard Dorothy Bartlam and Tom Helmore. A tramp surprisingly comes into some money buys a racehorse which goes on to win the Epsom Derby.
 Jairam is the Tamil dubbed version of Jai (Telugu: జై) is a Telugu movie directed by Teja. It's Navdeep's debut film he was paired with Santhoshi and Ayesha Julka. The film was successful in both the languages. The story tries to marry romance and patriotism.
 Altered States is a 1980 American science fiction-horror film adaptation of a novel by the same name by playwright and screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky. It was the only novel that Chayefsky ever wrote as well as his final film. Both the novel and the film are based on John C. Lilly's sensory deprivation research conducted in isolation tanks under the influence of psychoactive drugs like ketamine and LSD. The film was directed by Ken Russell and featured William Hurt in his screen debut.
 Jilted is a 1987 film directed by Bill Bennett.
 That's Him is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd.
 Smith (1939) is a short film directed by Michael Powell to promote a charity that helped ex-servicemen who had fallen on hard times starring Ralph Richardson and Flora Robson.
 Empire of the Ants is a 1977 science fiction horror film co-scripted and directed by Bert I. Gordon. Based very loosely on the short story Empire of the Ants by H.G. Wells the film involves a group of prospective land buyers led by a land developer pitted against giant mutated ants.It is the third and last film released in A.I.P.'s H.G. Wells film cycle which include The Food of the Gods and The Island of Dr. Moreau.
 Godzilla vs. Gigan released in Japan as Chikyū Kogeki Meirei: Godzilla tai Gigan (地球攻撃命令　ゴジラ対ガイガン lit. Earth Destruction Directive: Godzilla vs. Gigan) is a 1972 Japanese Science Fiction Kaiju film produced by Toho. Directed by Jun Fukuda with special effects by Teruyoshi Nakano the film starred Hiroshi Ishikawa Yuriko Hishimi and Minoru Takashima. The 12th film of the Godzilla series this film featured the return of Godzilla's greatest foe King Ghidorah.
 Indiscreet is a thriller TV movie starring Luke Perry and Gloria Reuben.
 Hello That's Me! (Armenian: Բարև ես եմ; translit. Barev yes em) is a 1966 Armenian drama film directed by Frunze Dovlatyan. It was entered into the 1966 Cannes Film Festival nominated to Palme d'Or and awarded by the State Prize of Armenia in 1967.The film is based on Artem Alikhanian's biography.
 A Lost Life (German: Verlorenes Leben) is a 1976 West German drama film directed by Ottokar Runze. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival where Gerhard Olschewski won the Silver Bear for Best Actor.
 Ki l'ambouba is a 1970 Tunisian film.
 Après vous... (English: After You...) is a 2003 French film directed by Pierre Salvadori and stars Daniel Auteuil José Garcia and Sandrine Kiberlain. The film won a Etoile d'Or in the Best Actor category for Auteuil and resulted in him being nominated for a César Award in the same category.It tells the story of Antoine (Daniel Auteuil) a restaurant headwaiter who takes a shortcut through a park one night and spots a young man named Louis (Garcia) attempting to kill himself.
 All for Mary is a 1955 UK Comedy Film brought to the screen by Paul Soskin Productions for The Rank Organisation. It was based on a play written by the English husband and wife team of Kay Bannerman and Harold Brooke. It was directed by Wendy Toye produced by Paul Soskin with the screenplay by Peter Soskin and Paul Blackmore. It starred Nigel Patrick David Tomlinson Jill Day and Kathleen Harrison. Cinematography was by Reginald H. Wyer.
 Union Depot (1932) is a Pre-Code film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Joan Blondell directed by Alfred E. Green for Warner Brothers and based upon an unpublished play by Joe Laurie Jr. Gene Fowler and Douglas Durkin.The film an ensemble piece for the studio’s contract players features performances by Guy Kibbee Alan Hale Sr. Frank McHugh David Landau and George Rosener.
 Rebecca's Wedding Day is a 1914 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Children of Mini-Japan (Kutty Japanin Kuzhandaigal) (1990) is an award-winning Tamil documentary film directed by Chalam Bennurkar. Upon release the film met with widespread critical acclaim.
 Benji: Off the Leash! is a 2004 American film comedy-drama that was shot in various parts of Utah.
 The Sailor from Gibraltar is a 1967 British drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jeanne Moreau Vanessa Redgrave Ian Bannen Orson Welles and John Hurt.
 Husbands in Goa is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film directed by Saji Surendran and written by Krishna Poojapura starring Jayasurya Indrajith Lal Asif Ali Rima Kallingal Bhama Remya Nambeesan and Praveena.The film follows the journey of three young men who flee from their wives for a vacation to the international tourist-destination Goa. During the trip they become friends with an immature youthful older man who is on the verge of a divorce.
 Different from You and Me (§175) (German: Anders als du und ich (§175)) is a 1957 feature film on the subject of homosexuality directed by Veit Harlan. The film was subject to censorship in Germany and several scenes had to be altered before it could be released.
 Men Like These is a 1931 British drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring John Batten Sydney Seaward Syd Crossley James Enstone and Lesley Wareing. A number of men are trapped underwater in the L56 submarine and through their comradeship and devotion to duty finally manage to escape.
 Dudes is a 1987 film directed by Penelope Spheeris and written by Randall Jahnson.
 Escape Me Never is a 1947 American melodrama film directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Errol Flynn Ida Lupino Eleanor Parker and Gig Young.
 The Day is a 1914 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It is a propaganda film about German brutality in Europe during World War I. It is considered a lost film.
 Tenacity on the Tasman is a 2009 documentary film about adventurer Olly Hicks’s attempt to circumnavigate the world in a rowboat. The film premiered at the ODEON Leicester Square on November 19 2009 becoming the first independently distributed documentary to premiere at the theater. The film was produced and directed by independent filmmaker George Olver through his production company Pendragon Productions and distributed globally as part of the Adventure Film Festival.
 Ponterosa is a 2001 Finnish comedy film directed by brothers Mika and Pasi Kemmo. The film takes place in a campsite in the Åland Islands where a group of very different people get to know each other.
 Leave It to Smith is a 1933 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. It also featured Carol Goodner Anne Grey Peter Gawthorne and Basil Radford. It is also known as Just Smith.The film was based on a play by Frederick Lonsdale and produced by Michael Balcon.
 Velluvili (English: Challenge) is a 1978 Malayalam film starring Soman and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. It marked the directorial debut of K. G. Rajasekharan. It was shot mostly from Perumbavoor Kerala.The film released along with Prem Nazir-starrer Jayikkanayi Janichavan and Madhu-starrer Kalpavriksham. It became a commercial success and gave the much needed career break for Soman.
 Cjamango is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring Ivan Rassimov billed as Sean Todd. The film was officially released in Germany as Django Kreuze im Blutigen Sand another unofficial sequel to the 1966 film Django
 Orphan of Lowood (German: Die Waise von Lowood) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Evelyn Holt Olaf Fønss and Dina Diercks. It is based on the 1847 British novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë.
 Brandbilen som försvann is a 1993 Swedish police film about Martin Beck directed by Hajo Gies.
 Chantrapas (Georgian: შანტრაპა) is a 2010 Georgian drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani. The film was selected as the Georgian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards but it did not make the final shortlist.
 And God Created Woman (French: Et Dieu… créa la femme) (1956) is a French drama film directed by Roger Vadim and starring Brigitte Bardot.
 Samaya Hathare Dori (Oriya: ସମୟ ହାତେର େଡାରୀ) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Amulya Das.
 Love from Paris (original title: Monpti) is a 1957 West German film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Romy Schneider and Horst Buchholz. It was based on the novel of the same title by Gábor von Vaszary. Vaszary also worked on the screenplay. The film premiered on September 12 1957 in Lichtburg in Essen. The cinematographer was Heinz Pehlke who used different techniques to convey the mood of the film including using a concealed camera to capture the sights and sounds of Paris.
 Something Necessary is a 2013 Kenyan drama film directed by Judy Kibinge. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.
 Laat de Dokter maar Schuiven is a 1980 Dutch film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde.
 Let Us Be Gay is a 1930 American comedy-drama film produced and distributed by MGM. It was directed by Robert Z. Leonard and stars Norma Shearer. It is based on a 1929 Broadway play by Rachel Crothers.
 Vrouwenoogen is a 1912 Dutch silent drama film directed by Caroline van Dommelen.
 Friends is a 1993 South African drama film directed by Elaine Proctor. It was entered into the 1993 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Caméra d'Or Special Distinction.
 The Sun Sets at Dawn is a 1951 American film directed by Paul Sloane and featuring Sally Parr Patrick Waltz and Philip Shawn.
 Cambodge entre guerre et paix (Cambodia: Between War and Peace) is a 1991 French-Cambodian documentary film directed by Rithy Panh. The film shot at the end of 1991 at the time of Norodom Sihanouk’s return to Cambodia questions the Cambodian people and explores the horrors and effects of the Khmer Rouge on them and what future they may look forward to.
 Dead Europe is a 2012 Australian drama film directed by Tony Krawitz. It is an adaptation of the 2005 novel by Christos Tsiolkas with the same name.Peter Galvin from SBS gave the film three stars out of five noting that the film is dark and emotionally claustrophobic and is tough to sit through. He also observes that Dead Europe is a puzzle film a movie where one is asked to work hard at deciphering its strangeness.
 Bear is a 2011 Australian short black comedy drama film directed by Nash Edgerton and written by David Michod and Nash Edgerton. The film had its world premiere in competition at the Cannes Film Festival on 21 May 2011.
 Guts (Spanish: Agallas) is a 2009 Spanish crime drama film starring Hugo Silva and Carmelo Gómez.
 The Woman Hater (1910) is a film starring Violet Heming Pearl White and Stuart Holmes.
 Iti Mrinalini (Bengali: ইতি মৃণালিনী English: Yours Mrinalini; English: An Unfinished Letter) is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by acclaimed Bengali filmmaker Aparna Sen. The director collaborates with debutant screenwriter Ranjan Ghosh to pen the story and the screenplay a major first for her. The film has been produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni of Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt Ltd.
 Cuttin' da Mustard is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by actor Reed R. McCants. This film features a host of well-known actors.
 Zindagi Khoobsoorat Hai (Punjabi: ਜ਼ਿੰਦਗੀ ਖ਼ੂਬਸੂਰਤ ਹੈ) is a 2002 Indian film produced by Manjeet Maan and directed by Manoj Punj. It stars Gurdas Maan Tabu Divya Dutta and Rajat Kapoor in lead roles.
 Indhu is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by Pavithran and produced by N. A. Sudhakar and K. P. Unnikrishnan. The film featured Prabhu Deva appearing in his first leading role alongside Roja while Sarathkumar and Kushboo play supporting roles. The film opened in April 1994 and became a commercial success. Owing to the success the film was dubbed and released in Hindi as Aaj Ka Romeo.
 There (Turkish: Orada) is a 2009 Turkish drama film written produced and directed by Hakkı Kurtuluş and Melik Saraçoğlu which follows 24 hours in the life of a troubled family. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on December 25 2009 (2009-12-25) has been screened at numerous international film festivals.
 The Hitcher II: I've Been Waiting is the 2003 horror sequel to The Hitcher which stars C. Thomas Howell returning as Jim Halsey Kari Wührer as his girlfriend Maggie and Jake Busey as psychotic hitchhiker Jack.
 Vetri is a 1984 film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. Vijaykhanth played the lead role in this movie. JVijay also plays a cameo role as a child artist.
 Suspicion (疑惑 Giwaku) is a 1982 Japanese film directed by Yoshitaro Nomura.
 Imagine is a 2012 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Jakimowski.
 Children Hand in Hand (手をつなぐ子ら Te o tsunagu kora) is a 1963 Japanese documentary film directed by Susumu Hani. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Diploma.
 Periya Manushan is a 1997 Tamil comedy film directed by Guru Dhanapal. The film features Sathyaraj and Ravali in lead roles. The film produced by G. Seethalaxmi had musical score by Deva and was released on 30 October 1997. as one among Deepavali releases.
 The Pad and How to Use It is a 1966 comedy film directed by Brian G. Hutton. It was based on a one-act play by Peter Shaffer.A sensitive man named Bob Handman (Brian Bedford) who lives alone in his apartment encounters what he believes to be his ideal woman Doreen (Julie Sommars) at a classical music concert. They arrange to meet at a later date at his pad. Because he is so unwordly he asks his best friend Ted (James Farentino) along to the date as well for moral support.
 The American Hobo is a 2003 documentary film by writer and director Bobb Hopkins. The documentary examines the history and culture of American hobos. The documentary is narrated by Academy Award-winning actor Ernest Borgnine. It features interviews with Pulitzer Prize-winning author James Michener and musician Merle Haggard. The film received an honorable mention at the 2003 George Lindsey/UNA Film Festival.
 Danger on the Air is a 1938 American film directed by Otis Garrett.
 Julius Caesar is a 1950 film adaptation of the Shakespeare play Julius Caesar. The first film version of the play with sound it was produced and directed by David Bradley using actors from the Chicago area. Charlton Heston who had known Bradley since his youth and who was establishing himself in television and theater in New York played Mark Antony. He was the only paid cast member. Bradley himself played Brutus and Harold Tasker had the title role.
 This article is about the film. For the saxophonist with that nickname see Clarence Clemons. For the novel see The Big Man (novel)The Big Man (US title - Crossing the Line) is a 1990 film produced by Miramax Films. It starred Liam Neeson Joanne Whalley and Billy Connolly and the film's score was composed by Ennio Morricone. It was featured in FlixMix's Ultimate Fights DVD. It is based on the novel of the same name by William McIlvanney.
 Adarawanthayo is a 1968 black & white Sri Lankan drama film directed by Amarnath Jayatilaka.
 Dark Country is a 2009 psychological crime thriller directed by and starring Thomas Jane in his directorial debut. It also stars Lauren German and Ron Perlman.
 I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With is a 2006 independent romantic comedy film written produced directed by and starring Jeff Garlin also featuring Sarah Silverman and Bonnie Hunt. Many improv veterans of Chicago's Second City and even its 1950s predecessor Compass Players appear as well as Chicago radio personality Steve Dahl in a cameo.
 Bad Night for the Blues is a 15-minute comedy film written and directed by Chris Shepherd and produced by Maria Manton. First transmitted on the BBC on the 27 February 2011 and later in France on the 2 April 2011 as a part of Mickrocine on Canal+ Cinecinema. Other countries to transmit the film include Spain Italy and Africa. Its the last film to be made by production company Slinky Pictures.Based on a real life event.
 Barricade is a 2012 action thriller directed by Andrew Currie. The film stars Eric McCormack. The film was released on September 9 2012.
 A Show of Force is a 1990 thriller directed by Bruno Barreto. The film is based on events and theories surrounding the Maravilla Hill case in Puerto Rico adapted from Anne Nelson's book Murder Under Two Flags.
 Shivering Sherlocks is the 104th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The New York Idea (1920) is an American silent comedy film directed by Herbert Blache and starring Alice Brady. The film was produced and distributed by Realart Pictures an Adolph Zukor affiliate of his bigger Paramount Pictures.The film is based on a 1906 Broadway play by Langdon Mitchell that starred Mrs. Fiske and George Arliss. Prints of the film exist at the International House of Photography George Eastman House and the British Film Institute London.
 Scared Stiff is a 1953 American musical comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. One of the 17 movies made by the Martin and Lewis team it was released on April 27 1953 by Paramount Pictures. Scared Stiff was Carmen Miranda's final film. The Portuguese-Brazilian musical star died of a heart attack in 1953.
 Dance Fu is a 2011 martial arts comedy film starring Kel Mitchell. The film was co-written and co-produced by Mitchell and directed by Cedric the Entertainer which is his directorial debut. It was released straight to DVD on October 4 2011. In the film Kel plays two roles: a young dancer named Chicago Pulaski Jones and a villain named Pretty-Eyed Willy. Cedric the Entertainer makes a cameo appearance as a homicide detective.
 Parwana is a 2003 Bollywood drama film directed by Deepak Bahry. The film stars Ajay Devgan as an orphan and Amisha Patel.
 Soegija is an epic history drama of Indonesia directed by the senior director of Indonesia Garin Nugroho about national hero Albertus Soegijapranata. The film starring actors with a diversity of cultural backgrounds is launched in Indonesia on 7 June 2012.
 Neerum Neruppum (Tamil: நீரும் நெருப்பும் English: Water and fire) is a 1971 Indian Tamil directed by P. Neelakantan starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and J. Jayalalitha R. S. Manohar Cho Ramaswamy among others. The movie is a remake of 1949 M. K. Radha movie Apoorva Sagodharargal. The role of M.K.Radha was enacted by MGR and Banumathi's role by J. Jayalalitha. The movie is remade in Hindi in 1972 as Gora Aur Kala.
 The Seven Madmen (Spanish: Los siete locos also known as The Revolution of the Seven Madmen) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and starring Alfredo Alcón Norma Aleandro and Héctor Alterio. It was based on the novels Los siete locos (The Seven Madmen) and Los lanzallamas (The Flamethowers) by Roberto Arlt.The film was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Award.
 Over the Top is a 1987 action drama film starring Sylvester Stallone. It was produced and directed by Menahem Golan and its screenplay was written by Stirling Silliphant and Stallone. The original music score was composed by Giorgio Moroder. The main character played by Stallone is a long-haul truck driver who tries to win back his alienated son while becoming a champion arm wrestler.
 People Who Travel (French:Les Gens du voyage) is a 1938 French-German film directed by Jacques Feyder. The film was a co-production with a separate German version Travelling People also released. It is a circus film.
 The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with recreations. In Europe the movie was aired on 6 November 2013.
 Guna is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Kamal Haasan Roshini Rekha S. P. Balasubramaniam Girish Karnad Ajay Rathnam Janagaraj and Sharat Saxena. It was dubbed into Telugu upon release.
 Hanbando is a 2006 South Korean blockbuster film.
 One Tough Bastard also known as One Man's Justice is a 1995 film written by Steven Selling directed by Kurt Wimmer and starring Brian Bosworth and Bruce Payne.
 Favela Rising is a 2005 documentary film by American directors Jeff Zimbalist and Matt Mochary. It was produced by Sidetrack Films and VOY Pictures. It debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 24 2005 where it won the award for Best New Documentary Filmmaker for Zimbalist and Mochary. The film's look at life in Brazil's slums won it further awards such as Best Documentary Film from the New York Latino Film Festival and Best Feature Documentary from Big Sky Documentary Film Festival.
 Orgazmo is a 1997 American comedy film written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone the creators of the animated series South Park and directed by Parker.
 Keiho (39 刑法第三十九条 39 keihō dai sanjūkyū jō) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Yoshimitsu Morita.
 The Circuit 3: Street Monk - is the 3rd film in the Circuit series with Olivier Gruner returning along with Jalal Merhi who also produced and directed all three films. Circuit 3 was released recently on DVD in Australia by Universal in a DVD box with all three Circuit movies as the Circuit Complete Collection. It is region 4 PAL.
 Useless (simplified Chinese: 无用; traditional Chinese: 無用; pinyin: wú yòng) is a 2007 documentary film directed by Jia Zhangke. It is Jia's second full-length documentary film after 2006's Dong. The film follows China's fashion and clothing industry. The film was produced by Jia Zhangke's own Xstream Pictures in association with the China Film Association and the Mixmind Art and Design Company.
 Le Jour se lève (or Daybreak) is a 1939 French film directed by Marcel Carné and written by Jacques Prévert based on a story by Jacques Viot. It is considered one of the principal examples of the French film movement known as poetic realism.In 1952 it was included in the first Sight and Sound top ten greatest films list.
 Second Choice is a 1930 American black-and-white film released by Warner Bros. and starring Dolores Costello and Chester Morris. The film is notable as being the first (and only film) in which Dolores Costello sang. It is a lost film. The film was based on the story by Elizabeth Alexander and was adapted for the screen by Joseph Jackson.
 Hansa is a 2012 Hindi feature film directed by Manav Kaul.
 Adrenaline Rush: The Science of Risk is a 2002 IMAX documentary film that explores the human biology behind risk-taking—why it gives some people such a powerful physical lift and why the human mind and body craves danger. In addition filmmaker Marc Fafard presents an up-close look at two of the most dangerous and exciting human pastimes: parachuting and base-jumping.
 El Hincha is a 1951 Argentine film.
 Beware of Pickpockets ia 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wu Ma and starring Dean Shek Karl Maka and Wu.
 Untamed Women is a 1952 United States science fiction film written by George Wallace Sayre and directed by W. Merle Connell. An American bomber pilot is rescued after drifting at sea during World War II. He tells doctors how he and three of his fellow crash survivors washed up on an island inhabited by dinosaurs and a tribe of druid-descended cave-women who are being plagued by Neanderthal men intent on kidnapping them for breeding purposes.
 Lilting is a 2014 British drama film written and directed by Cambodian-born British director Hong Khaou whose short film Spring was selected for Sundance and Berlinale film festival 2011. It is produced by Dominic Buchanan whose debut film Gimme The Loot had its World Premiere at SXSW in March 2012 and went on to win the Grand Jury Prize for Best Narrative Feature.
 Rosenmontag (English: Love's Carnival) is a 1924 German silent romance film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Gerd Briese Helga Thomas and Maria Reisenhofer. It was based on a 1900 play of the same title by Otto Erich Hartleben.
 Once More is a 1997 Tamil romantic comedy film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film features veteran actor Sivaji Ganesan and Chandrasekhar's son Vijay in the lead roles while Saroja Devi and Simran play their love interests. The film received mixed reviews it was failure at the box office. Many reviewers mentioned that the legendary actor Sivaji Ganesan was the face saver of this movie. It was the first and only time that Sivaji Ganesan and Vijay co-starred in a film together.
 The Time of Their Lives is a 1946 American film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.As in the previous Abbott and Costello film Little Giant the duo plays separate characters instead of partners due to tensions between them that led to their splitting up for a while in 1945. The film also avoids their famous routines. In this film the two only speak directly to each other during one scene at the beginning of the film.
 Louisa is a 1950 comedy film directed by Alexander Hall and starring Ronald Reagan and Spring Byington in the title role. This film was Piper Larie's film debut. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound (Leslie I. Carey).
 Taxi is a 1998 French action-comedy film starring Samy Naceri written by Luc Besson and directed by Gérard Pirès.It has three sequels Taxi 2 Taxi 3 Taxi 4 and one remake Taxi (2004).
 Saga Borgarættarinnar also known as Borgslægtens historie is a Danish film directed and shot by Gunnar Sommerfeldt in Iceland in 1919 based on the novel by Gunnar Gunnarsson. It was released in 1921.
 Nau Do Gyarah (Hindi: नौ दो ग्यारह; English: Nine Two Eleven the Hindi idiom means 'to run away') is a 1957 Hindi film produced by Dev Anand. This was his brother Vijay Anand's directorial debut. The film stars Dev Anand Kalpana Kartik Madan Puri Shashikala and Jeevan. The film's music is by S. D. Burman and the lyrics are by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
 Mean Machine is a 2001 British comedy-drama film directed by Barry Skolnick. It stars former footballer Vinnie Jones. The film is an adaptation of the 1974 American film The Longest Yard featuring association football rather than American football. It also reunites most of the cast who have starred in the Guy Ritchie blockbusters Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch.
 Nizhalattam is a 1970 Malayalam film directed by A. Vincent and starring Prem Nazir Sheela Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair K. P. Ummer Jose Prakash Bahadoor N. Govindankutty Kottayam SanthaBalan K. Nair Nellikkodu Bhaskaran etc. Screenplay by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and songs by Vayalar-Devarajan team were the highlights of the film. The film marked the acting debut of Sudheer and Balan K. Nair.
 Yang Guifei is an upcoming Chinese epic romance war film directed by Cheng Shiqing (writer of Codename Cougar) and featuring Fan Bingbing Leon Lai Wu Chun Joan Chen Ning Jing. The film also had a director group including Zhang Yimou and Tian Zhuangzhuang.
 Darr: A Violent Love Story (translation: Fear) is a 1993 Bollywood psychological thriller film directed by Yash Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films. It stars Sunny Deol Juhi Chawla and Shahrukh Khan in the lead roles. It is the second film in which Shahrukh Khan played the role of a villain.
 Moving On is a 1974 Australian film about a sheep farmer George Collier who moves to a county town. It was made by Film Australia to help draw attention to the problems the rural poor.
 Punyam Aham is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Raj Nair. Prithviraj Samvrutha Sunil and Nedumudi Venu play the lead roles in this film.
 For a Few Extra Dollars aka Fort Yuma Gold and Die Now Pay Later (in original Italian: Per pochi dollari ancora) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western war film directed by Giorgio Ferroni. Its stars Giuliano Gemma Dan Vadis and Sophie Daumier. The film is set at Fort Yuma in Arizona and is also known as Fort Yuma Gold.
 Demos is a 1921 silent British drama film directed by Denison Clift. The film is considered to be lost.
 The Happy Ending is a 1931 British drama film directed by Millard Webb and starring George Barraud Daphne Courtney and Alfred Drayton. Its plot concerns father who deserted his family some years before returning home only to find his wife has told his children and neighbours that he died as a hero when he abandoned them. A silent version The Happy Ending had been made in 1925 based on the same play.
 Barbie of Swan Lake is a 2003 direct-to-DVD Barbie movie directed by Owen Hurley. It is the third computer animated movie of Barbie film series and the second film based on Tchaikovsky's ballet. Barbie and Odette are voiced by Kelly Sheridan. The story is an adaptation from Swan Lake.
 Vanjikkottai Valiban (English: The Youth from Vanji Fort) is a 1958 Black-and-white Tamil Ruritanian romance epic film written by Gemini Studios story department consist of K. J. Mahadevan C. Srinivasan and Kothamangalam Subbu while the film was directed and produced by S. S. Vasan. It stars Gemini Ganesan and Vyjayanthimala in lead with Padmini P.S. Veerappa T. K. Shanmugam Pasupuleti Kannamba Vijayakumari K. A. Thangavelu and M. S. Sundari Bai as the ensemble cast of the film.
 The Letter is a 1940 American film noir directed by William Wyler and starring Bette Davis Herbert Marshall and James Stephenson. The screenplay by Howard E. Koch is based on the 1927 play of the same name by W. Somerset Maugham. The film was originally filmed in 1929 by director Jean de Limur (The Letter).
 Millie (1931) is a Pre-Code drama film directed by John Francis Dillon and released by RKO Radio Pictures. Based on the novel by Donald Henderson Clarke the movie stars Helen Twelvetrees Lilyan Tashman James Hall and Joan Blondell.In 1959 the film entered the public domain in the USA due to the copyright claimants failure to renew the copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.
 Yakshiyum Njaanum is a 2010 Malayalam film by Vinayan who himself has done the story and playwright for this film. The film is produced in the banner of RG Productions India Pvt. Ltd by new face multinational industrialist Rubon Gomez.Yakshiyum Njanum is a suspense horror thriller and is director Vinayan's third film of this genre after the super hits Aakasha Ganga and Vellinakshatram.
 Nooravathu Naal (English: Hundredth Day) is a 1984 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Manivannan starring Mohan Vijayakanth Nalini and Sathyaraj. Dubbed into Telugu as Nooru Rojulu. Remade in Hindi as 100 Days.
 The Devil's Brigade is a 1968 American war film based on the 1966 book of the same name co-written by American novelist and historian Robert H. Adleman and Col. George Walton a member of the brigade.The film recounts the formation training and first mission of the 1st Special Service Force a joint American-Canadian commando unit known as the Devil's Brigade.
 Short Working Day (Polish: Krótki dzień pracy) is a Polish film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski. Written by Kieślowski and Hanna Krall the film is about the workers protests in June '76 in Radom as seen from the perspective of the local Secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party. The film is based on real events but the characters are fictional. Short Working Day was filmed in 1981 but had its official premiere on television only in 1996.
 Bluebeard's Eighth Wife is a 1938 American romantic comedy film made by Paramount Pictures directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Claudette Colbert and Gary Cooper. The film is based on the French play La huitième femme de Barbe-Bleue by Alfred Savoir and the English translation of the play by Charlton Andrews. The screenplay was written by Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder. It is a farce about a millionaire banker and his wife.
 The Sell Out is a 1976 film directed by Peter Collinson that was filmed in Israel. It stars Oliver Reed and Richard Widmark.
 Rio Conchos is a 1964 Cinemascope Western starring Stuart Whitman Richard Boone Tony Franciosa Edmund O'Brien and in his motion picture debut Jim Brown based on Clair Huffaker's novel of the same name.Huffaker's novel is reminiscent of the John Wayne-starring films The Comancheros - which Huffaker co-wrote the screenplay for - and The Searchers. The main female role played by Wende Wagner in a black wig has no English dialogue.
 Escarpment Blues is a Canadian concert and documentary film starring singer-songwriter Sarah Harmer. Directed by Andy Keen and produced by Keen Harmer and Patrick Sambrook it was released theatrically in 2006.In June 2005 Harmer launched a tour called I Love the Escarpment across southern Ontario to promote Protecting Escarpment Rural Land (PERL) a conservation group she cofounded to battle a proposed quarry development on the Niagara Escarpment near her hometown of Burlington.
 The Liar (German: Der Lügner) is a 1961 West German film directed by Ladislao Vajda.
 Invasion of the Reptoids is a 2011 Sci-Fi/Horror film written & directed by Ted Moehring.
 Thelonious Monk: Straight No Chaser (1988) is a documentary about the life of Thelonious Monk. Produced by Clint Eastwood Bruce Ricker and directed/co-produced by Charlotte Zwerin it features live performances by Monk and his group and posthumous interviews with friends and family. The film was created when a large amount of archived footage of Monk was found in the 1980s.The film made by Malpaso Productions (Clint Eastwood's production company) is distributed by Warner Bros.
 Fanboys is a 2009 comedy film directed by Kyle Newman and starring Sam Huntington Chris Marquette Dan Fogler Jay Baruchel and Kristen Bell. It was released in the United States on February 6 2009 and in Canada on April 3 2009.
 Psycho III is an American 1986 horror/slasher film. It is the second sequel to Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and the third film in the Psycho series. The film stars Anthony Perkins (who also directed the film) Diana Scarwid Jeff Fahey and Roberta Maxwell. The screenplay is written by Charles Edward Pogue. The original electronic music score is composed and performed by Carter Burwell in one of his earliest projects.
 Good Fences starring Whoopi Goldberg Danny Glover Ryan Michelle Bathe Ashley Archer and Mo'Nique is a made-for-TV movie that debuted in 2003. It is about the stresses of prejudice on an upwardly mobile black family in 1970s Greenwich Connecticut. Danny Glover plays the overworked stressed husband and Whoopi plays his steadfast wife; she won an Image Award for her role.
 On a Day of Ordinary Violence My Friend Michel Seurat... (Arabic: في يوم من أيام العنف العادي، مات صديقي ميشيل سورا‎) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay. The film is an elegy by Amiralay to his friend Michel Seurat who was kidnapped along with Jean-Paul Kauffmann on May 22 1985 by the Islamic Jihad on the road to Beirut airport. Seurat died after eight months of captivity.
 God Told Me To (released in some theatrical and video markets as Demon and God Told Me to Kill) is a 1976 science fiction/horror film written and directed by Larry Cohen. Like many of Cohen's films it is set in New York City and incorporates aspects of the police procedural.
 The World the Flesh and the Devil is an American 1959 science fiction doomsday film written and directed by Ranald MacDougall. The star is Harry Belafonte who was then at the peak of his film career. The film is set in a post-apocalyptic world. It is based on two sources: the novel The Purple Cloud by M. P. Shiel and the story End of the World by Ferdinand Reyher.
 A Daughter of Australia is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by Lawson Harris. It concerns a rich squatter Arthur Fullerton (Charles Beethan) and his daughter Barbara (Yvonne Paris).It is considered a lost film.
 The Mysterious Mystery! is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 33rd Our Gang short subject released.
 The Hostage is a 1967 Crown International low-budget motion picture starring Don O'Kelly James Almanzar and Joanne Brown with Leland Brown John Carradine and Harry Dean Stanton.The film was directed by Russell S. Doughten Jr. It was adapted for the screen by Robert Laning based on the 1959 novel The Hostage by Henry Farrell.When it was made Don O'Kelly was a TV actor. His career was cut short when he died shortly after making this movie.
 Paruva Ragam (Tamil: பருவ ராகம்) (English: The Melody of Age) is a Tamil film directed by Ravichandran. It was simultaneously produced in Kannada and Tamil. The music for it was composed by Hamsalekha. The movie was originally released as Premaloka in Kannada.
 Collateral Damage is a 2002 American action film directed by Andrew Davis starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Elias Koteas Francesca Neri Cliff Curtis John Leguizamo and John Turturro. The film was released in the United States on February 8 2002.The film tells the story of Los Angeles firefighter Gordon Brewer (Arnold Schwarzenegger) who looks to avenge his son and wife's death at the hands of a guerrilla commando by traveling to Colombia and facing his family killers.
 Small Town Girl is a 1953 musical film directed by László Kardos and starring Jane Powell Farley Granger and Ann Miller. Busby Berkeley choreographed several dance numbers. Bobby Van performed the memorable Street Dance in which he hopped all around town. The film features song performances by Nat King Cole. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song My Flaming Heart with music by Nicholas Brodszky and lyrics by Leo Robin.
 Long Life Happiness and Prosperity is a 2002 Canadian film directed by Mina Shum starring Sandra Oh.
 September (Turkish: Eylül) is a 2011 Turkish drama film written and directed by Cemil Ağacıkoğlu starring Turgay Aydın and Görkem Yeltan as an introverted couple who encounter a maltreated young woman.
 Bright Days Ahead (French: Les Beaux Jours) is a 2013 French romance film directed by Marion Vernoux. It was screened in the Gala Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. In January 2014 Fanny Ardant received a nomination for Best Actress at the 39th César Awards.
 The Naked Spur is a 1953 Technicolor American western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart Janet Leigh and Robert Ryan. Written by Sam Rolfe and Harold Jack Bloom the film is about a bounty hunter who tries to bring a murderer to justice and is forced to accept the help of two strangers who are less than trustworthy. The original music score was composed by Bronislau Kaper and the cinematography was by William C. Mellor.
 The Thin Man (1934) is an American comedy-mystery directed by W.S. Van Dyke and based on the novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. The film stars William Powell and Myrna Loy as Nick and Nora Charles; Nick is a hard-drinking retired private detective and Nora is a wealthy heiress. Their wire-haired fox terrier Asta was played by canine actor Skippy.The film's screenplay was written by Albert Hackett and Frances Goodrich a married couple.
 Nightmare Sisters (also released as Sorority Succubus Sisters) is a direct-to-video low-budget erotic horror-comedy from 1987. It is notable as one of only two films in which 1980s scream queens Linnea Quigley Brinke Stevens and Michelle Bauer appear together.
 Love and How to Cure It is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Royston Morley based on a story by Thornton Wilder and starring Sara Gregory Louise Hampton Edward Chapman and Athene Seyler. It was made by the BBC for television but also shown in cinemas as well.
 Bajatey Raho is a 2013 Hindi Bollywood comedy film directed by Shashant Shah and produced by Krishika Lulla. The film features Tusshar Kapoor Dolly Ahluwalia Ranvir Shorey Vinay Pathak and Vishakha Singh in lead roles. The film revolves around a bunch of unlikely avengers get into the act and cons a wealthy but fraud businessmen Ravi Kissen.Bajatey Raho is director Shashant Shah's third film after Dasvidaniya (2008) and Chalo Dilli (2011) both of which starred actor Vinay Pathak as lead.
 Bar Hopping is a 2000 comedy film directed by Steve Cohen starring Tom Arnold Linda Favila Nicole Sullivan John Henson Anson Downes Romy Windsor Scott Baio and Kevin Nealon. In the film a myriad of Generation X couples try to comprehend love in the bar scene.
 Jane Eyre is a 2006 television adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name. The story which has been the subject of numerous television and film adaptations is based on the life of the orphaned titular character. This four-part BBC television drama serial adaptation was broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One.The mini-series is generally considered a successful adaptation garnering critical acclaim and a number of prestigious nominations from various award bodies.
 The Broken Giant is a 1998 American drama film written and directed by Estep Nagy and starring John Glover Brooke Smith and Will Arnett. The film is about a young minister in a small town who gives sanctuary at his church to a girl who mysteriously arrives out of breath and apparently running from something or somebody. It is meditative in style with long silences and highly composed photography.
 Patton is a 1970 American biographical war film about U.S. General George S. Patton during World War II. It stars George C. Scott Karl Malden Michael Bates and Karl Michael Vogler. It was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner from a script by Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund H. North who based their screenplay on the biography Patton: Ordeal and Triumph by Ladislas Farago and Omar Bradley's memoir A Soldier's Story. The film was shot in 65mm Dimension 150 by cinematographer Fred J.
 Ladki Jawan Ho Gayi is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Anand Dasani.
 Ichijo's Wet Lust (一条さゆり　濡れた欲情 Ichijō Sayuri: nureta yokujō) aka Ichijo's Wet Desire Drenched Passion Sayuri Ichijo: Moist Desire Following Desire and Sayuri Ichijō: Wet Lust is a 1972 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Tatsumi Kumashiro and starring the famous stripper Sayuri Ichijō as herself and co-starring Kazuko Shirakawa and Hiroko Isayama.
 A Sanitarium Scramble is a 1916 American short comedy film produced by the American Film Manufacturing Company released by Mutual Film and directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 Kissing on the Mouth is a 2005 American film directed by Joe Swanberg
 Children (Icelandic: Börn (About this sound pronunciation )) is a 2006 Icelandic film. The film was highly acclaimed and won several Edda Awards. The film was also submitted as Iceland's official entry to the Academy Awards foreign film section. The film is set in the Breiðholt suburb of the Icelandic capital and portrays a grittiness which is in stark contrast to the tourist-friendly portrayal of Reykjavík.
 The Music Man is a 2003 American television film directed by Jeff Bleckner and starring Matthew Broderick and Kristin Chenoweth. The television production which was broadcast by ABC on the February 16 2003 edition of The Wonderful World of Disney is based on the book of the 1957 stage musical by Meredith Willson which was based on a story by Willson and Franklin Lacey.
 Dusty Ermine is a 1936 British crime film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Anthony Bushell Jane Baxter and Ronald Squire. In the United States it was released under the alternative title Hideout in the Alps. It was based on the play of the same title by Neil Grant.
 Norwegian Wood (ノルウェイの森 Noruwei no mori) is a Japanese drama film directed by Tran Anh Hung based on Haruki Murakami's novel of the same name. The film was released in Japan on 11 December 2010.
 Double Exposure is a 1944 American crime comedy film directed by William Berke and starring Chester Morris and Nancy Kelly.
 Submarine Alert (1943) is an American film directed by Frank McDonald produced by Pine-Thomas Productions and released by Paramount Pictures.
 The Batman vs. Dracula is a 2005 direct-to-video animated movie based on The Batman television series. It has a much darker tone than the show and features Vicki Vale (in her first animated appearance voiced by Tara Strong who voiced Barbara Gordon / Batgirl on The New Batman Adventures). The movie was released to DVD on October 18 2005 and made its television debut on Cartoon Network's Toonami block on October 15 2005. It was released on DVD as a tie-in with the live action Batman Begins.
 Romance of the Limberlost is a 1938 American film directed by William Nigh.
 Captive of the Desert (French: La captive du désert) is a 1990 French drama film directed by Raymond Depardon. It was entered into the 1990 Cannes Film Festival. It was based in part on the experiences of Françoise Claustre who was captured by Chadian rebels in 1974 later joined by her husband and the pair finally released in 1977.
 Mallikarjuna is a 2011 Kannada film in the action genre starring V. Ravichandran and Sadha in the lead roles . The film has been directed and written by director Murali Mohan and produced by S. Dinesh Gandhi . S. A. Rajkumar has composed the soundtrack and the background score. The film is slated for release on May 2011.
 Target is a 1985 film directed by Arthur Penn. It stars Matt Dillon and Gene Hackman.
 Kasthuri Maan is a Tamil film directed by Malayalam director A. K. Lohithadas making his debut in Tamil and remains his first and only Tamil project till date. The film stars Prasanna Meera Jasmine in lead. The film also has Raghuvaran Thilakan and Karunas.The film was an average hit. It is a remake of director's own Malayalam film Kasthooriman from the same director.
 The Summer of Ben Tyler is a 1996 television film directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman.
 A Litre of Tears (1リットルの涙 1 Rittoru no Namida literally 1 Litre of Tears) is a film based on Aya Kito (木藤亜也 Kitō Aya July 19 1962 – May 23 1988)'s memoir 1 Litre no Namida.Asae Ōnishi is the lead actress starring as Aya Kito. 9th grader (third year of junior high school) Aya Kito collapses on the way to school. Dr. Yamamoto discovers that Aya has spinocerebellar ataxia a fatal and incurable disease that handicaps the body. Aya's mother Shioka Kito (木藤 潮香 Kitō Shioka) and Dr.
 Chinna Pasanga Naanga is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by Raj Kapoor. The film features Murali Revathi and Saradha Preetha in lead roles. The film produced by A.G. Subramaniam had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 5 November 1992.
 Ask the Dust is a 2006 American film based on the book Ask the Dust by John Fante. The film was written and directed by Robert Towne. Tom Cruise (with Paula Wagner and Cruise/Wagner Productions) served as one of the film's producers. The film was released on a limited basis on March 17 2006 and was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival. It was filmed almost entirely in South Africa with the use of stages to portray Los Angeles.
 Der rote Kreis (English: The Crimson Circle) is a 1960 West German crime film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Renate Ewert Klausjürgen Wussow and Karl-Georg Saebisch. The cinematographer was Heinz Pehlke. It was an adaptation of the 1922 novel The Crimson Circle by the British writer Edgar Wallace. Scotland Yard detectives pursue a ruthless league of blackmailers known as The Crimson Circle. A previous German adaptation of the novel Der rote Kreis was made in 1929.
 Inba is a Tamil drama film starring Shaam and Sneha released in 2008.The movie failed at the box office and declared as flop.
 Khush Naseeb is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 23:59 is a 2011 Malaysian–Singaporean horror film directed by Gilbert Chan.
 Three Forbidden Stories (Italian: Tre storie proibite) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Augusto Genina.
 The Black Hole is a 1979 American science fiction film directed by Gary Nelson for Walt Disney Productions. The film stars Maximilian Schell Robert Forster Joseph Bottoms Yvette Mimieux Anthony Perkins and Ernest Borgnine while the voices of the main robot characters are provided by Roddy McDowall and Slim Pickens (both unbilled). The music for the movie was composed by John Barry.
 Virgin Territory is a 2008 romantic comedy film based upon Giovanni Boccaccio's Decameron. It has also been known under the working titles The Decameron Angels and Virgins Guilty Pleasures and Chasing Temptation. The film's Italian title Decameron Pie pays tribute to both the title of the original source inspiration and to U.S. comedy film American Pie. The film was released in France on December 12 2007 under the title Medieval Pie and was released directly-to-DVD in the U.S.
 The Guyra Ghost Mystery is a 1921 Australian film written and directed by John Cosgrove. It was based on the real-life 1921 mystery of the Guyra Ghost.It is considered a lost film.
 Rain for a Dusty Summer is a 1971 Western film.
 Da Istanbul ordine di uccidere or From Istanbul Orders To Kill is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Carlo Ferrero.
 Withnail and I is a 1987 black comedy film produced by George Harrison's HandMade Films. It was written and directed by Bruce Robinson and is based on his life in London in the late 1960s. The main plot follows two unemployed young actors Withnail and “I” (portrayed by Richard E. Grant and Paul McGann) who live in a squalid flat in Camden Town in 1969 while waiting for their careers to take off.
 Recaptured Love (1930) is an All-Talking musical drama film based on the play Misdeal by Basil Woon about a man who experiences a mid life crisis that results in his divorce. It stars Belle Bennett and John Halliday.
 Fasulye or Beans is a 2000 Turkish crime comedy mafia film directed by Bora Tekay and written by Haluk Özenç.
 The Army of Crime (French: L'Armée du crime) is a 2009 French drama-war film directed by Robert Guédiguian and based on a story by Serge Le Péron one of three credited for the screenplay. It received a wide release in France on 16 September 2009 and opened in the United States in 2010. The film deals with the events of the Affiche Rouge (red poster) affair.
 The Wildest Dream is a 2010 theatrical-release feature documentary film about the British climber George Mallory who disappeared on Mount Everest in 1924 with his climbing partner Andrew Irvine.
 Dogara the Space Monster released in Japan as Uchū Daikaijū Dogora (宇宙大怪獣ドゴラ lit. Giant Space Monster Dogora) is a 1964 Japanese tokusatsu science fiction film produced and released by Toho Studios. Directed by Ishirō Honda and featuring special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya the film starred Nobuo Nakamura Akiko Wakabayashi and Hollywwod actor Robert Dunham.
 Reno is a 1923 American silent melodrama produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures and was written and directed by Rupert Hughes. Hughes provided his own story to the film which followed his recently rediscovered Souls for Sale. The film stars Helene Chadwick and Lew Cody.A print is preserved by MGM.
 Home Sweet Homicide is a 1946 American mystery film directed by Lloyd Bacon. The film stars Peggy Ann Garner Randolph Scott and Lynn Bari and is based on a mystery novel by Craig Rice. The movie features the famous quote: The Gat had Gittens. Gat a slang term for a handgun or a machine pistol is derived from the Gatling gun; but can also refer to firearms more generally.
 American Ninja 2: The Confrontation is a 1987 action/adventure sequel starring Michael Dudikoff Steve James Jeff Weston Gary Conway Michelle Botes and Larry Poindexter. It was directed by Sam Firstenberg and written by Gideon Amir James Booth Gary Conway and Avi Kleinberger.
 Black Sheep is a 1996 comedy film directed by Penelope Spheeris written by Fred Wolf and starring comic duo Chris Farley and David Spade. The film portrays a political contest in which a candidate for Governor of Washington State deals with unwanted incompetent and publicly embarrassing help from his brother. The film also stars Tim Matheson Christine Ebersole and Gary Busey.
 The World's Champion is a 1922 silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The movie is based on a play The Champion by Thomas Louden and A.E. Matthews produced on Broadway in 1921. The film was directed by Phil Rosen and starred Wallace Reid. This film survives incomplete at the Library of Congress.
 Fantabulous Inc. (Italian: La Donna il sesso e il superuomo) is a 1967 Italian crime film directed by Sergio Spina and starring Richard Harrison. Fantabulous is a portmanteau of fabulous and fantastic.
 War of the Robots (Originally La guerra dei robot) is a 1978 Italian film directed by Alfonso Brescia.The film was later released on DVD as Reactor.
 Zero Tolerance (Swedish: Noll tolerans) is a Swedish action film from 1999 directed by Anders Nilsson. It is the first film in the series about police officer Johan Falk (Jakob Eklund) and is followed by Executive Protection and The Third Wave.
 Destiny Turns on the Radio (1995) is an American action-comedy film directed by Jack Baran. It was the film debut of David Cross with a small role.
 Disambiguation: Sasayaki which redirects here is the name of episode 8 of xxxHolic: Kei.Moonlight Whispers (月光の囁き Sasayaki) is a 1999 Japanese film directed by Akihiko Shiota and based on the manga Gekko no sasayaki by Masahiko Kikuni.
 Friday the 13th: A New Beginning (also known as Friday the 13th Part V or Friday the 13th Part V: A New Beginning) is a 1985 slasher film. It was released on March 22 1985. It is the fifth film in the Friday the 13th film series following Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter and preceding Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives. Despite the previous film claiming to be the final chapter this installment set out to live up to its title by being a new beginning for the film series.
 Libaas (English: Clothing) is a 1988 Hindi drama film written and directed by Gulzar. The film based on short story Seema published in collected stories in Raavi Paar. It is about married couples of urban India having extramarital relations and adultery. The subject of the film was considered to be bold in its time and was objectionable to be shown publicly and was banned by the Censor Board of India.[citation needed].
 Hell on Wheels is a documentary film telling the story of a group of Texas women who band together to resurrect roller derby for the 21st century. Emerging from the Austin music and arts scene these women create a rock-and-roll fueled version of all-girl roller derby that has spawned the derby craze that's sweeping the nation.
 Ghulami is a 1985 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by J.P. Dutta. It has an ensemble cast comprising Dharmendra Mithun Chakraborty Mazhar Khan Kulbhushan Kharbanda Raza Murad Smita Patil Reena Roy Anita Raj Naseeruddin Shah and Om Shivpuri. Amitabh Bachchan narrated the film.
 Cowboy Serenade is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Fay McKenzie. Written by Olive Cooper the film is about a singing cowboy and cattleman who goes after a gambling ring after they fleece the cattlemen association's representative of their cattle. The film features the songs Nobody Knows and Sweethearts or Strangers and the title song.
 The Perfume of the Lady in Black (Italian: Il profumo della signora in nero) is a 1974 Italian giallo-horror film directed by Francesco Barilli.
 Happy Campers is a 2001 comedy film from New Line Cinema about college freshman and summer camp and is directed and written by Heathers writer Daniel Waters.
 Santa Buddies is a 2009 direct to video film. It is the fourth installment of the Air Buddies spin-off series as well as the ninth film in the Air Bud franchise. It was released on November 24 2009.
 Ten Tigers of Kwangtung (simplified Chinese: 广东十虎与后五虎; traditional Chinese: 廣東十虎與後五虎; pinyin: Guǎngdōng Shí Hǔ yǔ hòu Wǔ Hǔ) is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by Mona Fong. It is one of Chang Cheh’s tales of Shaolin’s historic rivalries with the Qing Dynasty and the Canton Tigers. Along with the Brave Archer series Ten Tigers had an all-star cast of Shaw martial artists.
 The Master is a 2012 American drama film written directed and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix Philip Seymour Hoffman and Amy Adams. It tells the story of Freddie Quell (Phoenix) a World War II veteran struggling to adjust to a post-war society who meets Lancaster Dodd (Hoffman) a leader of a religious movement known as The Cause who sees something in Quell and accepts him into the movement.
 Run Baby Run is a Ghanaian action film directed by Emmanuel Apea and starring John Apea. The film received 8 nominations and won 4 awards at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2008 including the awards for Best Picture Best Director and Best Screenplay.
 Somewhere is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola. The film follows Johnny Marco (played by Stephen Dorff) a newly famous actor as he recuperates from a minor injury at the Chateau Marmont a well-known Hollywood retreat. Despite money fame and professional success Marco is trapped in an existential crisis and feels little emotion during his daily life.
 Mon curé chez les nudistes is a French sex comedy from 1982 directed by Robert Thomas. The main role is played by Paul Préboist.
 Pisau Cukur is a 2009 Malaysian comedy-drama film. It is directed Bernard Chauly. It stars popular Malaysian actresses Nur Fazura and Maya Karin and also Singaporean crossover star Aaron Aziz.
 Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas is a direct-to-video animated Christmas movie made by Walt Disney Home Video in 1999. The video features Mickey Mouse Minnie Mouse Pluto Pete Goofy Max Donald Duck Daisy Duck Huey Dewey and Louie Scrooge McDuck Mortimer Mouse Figaro the Kitten and Chip 'n Dale with cameos by Owl Clarabelle Cow Horace Horsecollar and a Beagle Boy. The film comprises three separate segments with narration by Kelsey Grammer.
 Indrajith is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Kalaprabhu and produced by his father Kalaipuli S. Thanu. The film features Gautham Karthik and Sonarika Bhadoria in the lead roles while Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy compose the film's music. The film is currently in production.
 Broken Embraces (Spanish: Los abrazos rotos) is a 2009 Spanish romantic thriller film written produced and directed by Pedro Almodóvar. Led by an ensemble cast consisting of many Almodóvar regulars it stars Lluís Homar as a blind Madrilenian screenwriter who recalls his tragic love for Lena played by Penélope Cruz the deceased lead actress in his last directional feature Girls and Suitcases who was also the mistress of a powerful obsessive businessman (José Luis Gómez).
 The Mysterious Mr. Wong (1935) is a mystery film starring Bela Lugosi as a powerful criminal of the Chinatown underworld and Wallace Ford as a wisecracking reporter. The film is based on Harry Stephen Keeler's 1928 short story The Strange Adventure of the Twelve Coins of Confucius one of three stories in Keeler's book Sing Sing Nights. It has no relation to Monogram Pictures later Mr Wong film series.
 Nirdoshi (Telugu title: నిర్దోషి; English title: Blameless) or Niraparadhi (Tamil title) is a 1951 Telugu/Tamil film produced and directed by H. M. Reddy. Mukkamala Krishna Murthy played role of hero whereas Anjali Devi played double role. This film is remembered for the difficult portrayal of Anjali Devi. Kona Prabhakara Rao has subsequently entered politics and rose to the level of minister and Governor in India.
 My Best Girl (1927) is a romantic comedy starring Mary Pickford and Buddy Rogers directed by Sam Taylor and produced by Pickford. The movie is notable for co-starring Rogers who would be Pickford's future husband. Charles Rosher received an Academy Award nomination for his cinematography of this film in 1928.
 Santa (1932) is the first Mexican narrative sound film. It was directed by Antonio Moreno and starred Lupita Tovar based on the novel of the same name by Federico Gamboa. In 1994 the Mexican magazine Somos published their list of The 100 best movies of the cinema of Mexico in its 100th edition and named Santa its 67th choice.
 La bête lumineuse (English: The Shimmering Beast) is a 1982 Canadian documentary film directed by Pierre Perrault about a group of hunters who gather annually to hunt moose near Maniwaki Quebec. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
 The Song Remains the Same is a concert film featuring the English rock band Led Zeppelin. The filming took place during three nights of concerts at Madison Square Garden in New York City in the summer of 1973 with additional footage shot at Shepperton Studios due to cameramen's unacceptable work at the concerts. The film premiered on 20 October 1976 at Cinema I in New York and at Warner West End Cinema in London two weeks later. It was accompanied by a soundtrack album of the same name.
 The Shower (French: La Douche) is a 1999 short film by the Lebanese director Michel Kammoun
 Bal Bramhachari is 1996 Hindi Movie directed by Prakash Mehra and Amit Mehra and starring Puru Raajkumar in his film debut Karishma Kapoor Deepak Tijori and Simran.Other cast include Shakti Kapoor Ashok Saraf Mukesh Khanna Bindu Tinnu Anand Mohan Joshi Avtar Gill Anang Desai.
 Sampathige Savaal (Kannada: ಸಂಪತ್ತಿಗೆ ಸವಾಲ್) is a 1974 Kannada romantic drama film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by A. N. Murthy. It is based on the drama play of the same name by Pi. Bi. Dhuttaragi. The film starred Rajkumar and Manjula in lead roles. The screenplay dialogues and lyrics are written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.The film was a musical blockbuster with all the songs composed by G. K. Venkatesh considered evergreen hits.
 That Guy Dick Miller is a 2014 documentary that was directed by Elijah Drenner. The film had its world premiere on March 7 2014 at South by Southwest and looks into the life and career of character actor Dick Miller. Funding for the film was raised through a successful Kickstarter campaign.
 Doom Runners (1997) is an Australian science fiction television children's film.The story concerns a group of children in a post-apocalyptic world searching for the last unpolluted place on Earth New Eden. However the Doom Troopers (DTs) led by Dr. Kao (Tim Curry) want to get there first and will do anything to stop the children.
 Mulan II is a 2004 American direct-to-video Disney animated film directed by Darrell Rooney and Lynne Southerland and is a sequel to the 1998 animated film Mulan (originally released in theaters). The entire cast from the first film returned except for Eddie Murphy (Mushu) Miriam Margolyes (The Matchmaker) Chris Sanders (Little Brother) and Matthew Wilder (Ling's singing voice).
 Jatt James Bond is a 2014 Indian Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Gippy Grewal and Zarine Khan as leads along with Gurpreet Ghuggi Yashpal Sharma. The music of the film is by Mukhtar Sahota & Jatinder Shah.The film marks the Punjabi cinema debut of Bollywood actress Zarine Khan and is predicted to be released on April 25 2014.
 Apur Panchali is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Kaushik Ganguly and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. It is based on the life of Subir Banerjee the actor who played Apu in Pather Panchali (1955) the first film of Satyajit Ray's Apu trilogy. Director Kaushik Ganguly won the award of best director for Apur Panchali in the 44th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in November 2013.
 The Wild Women of Chastity Gulch is a made-for-ABC Network comedic western movie starring Priscilla Barnes and Joan Collins from executive producer Aaron Spelling. It premiered on October 31 1982 and was later syndicated to cable television for rebroadcast. Lisa Whelchel co-starred.
 Endukante... Premanta! is a 2012 Tollywood romance film directed by A. Karunakaran starring Ram and Tamannaah in the lead. The movie was produced by Ravikishore and features music scored by G. V. Prakash Kumar and dialogues penned by Kona Venkat.The film deals with love between two souls across two different eras.
 The Hidan of Maukbeiangjow is a 1973 exploitation film written by Don Elkins and Carla Rueckert and directed and filmed by Lee Jones. As a sci-fi/comedy/action film. It was re-released as Invasion of the Girl Snatchers in the mid-1980s under the 'Le Bad Cinema' line. and then again on VHS in 1999.
 Bye Bye Braverman is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lumet. The screenplay by Herbert Sargent was adapted from the 1964 novel To An Early Grave by Wallace Markfield.
 The Trigger Effect is a 1996 thriller film written and directed by David Koepp from James Burke's documentary series Connections. The film stars Kyle MacLachlan Elisabeth Shue and Dermot Mulroney.
 Daemon is a 1985 British horror film about a young man who is possessed by a demon. It was written and directed by Colin Finbow. It starred Susannah York Bert Parnaby and Arnaud Morell. It is a ghost story set in suburbia. Eleven-year-old Nick movies into a large old house with is sisters Jennie and Clare left in the care of Helga the Swedish au pair while their parents are away in America.
 Die Feuerzangenbowle is a 1970 West German film based on the book of the same name and a remake of the 1934 and 1944 films. This version of was part of a number of 1970s films concentrating on the theme of modernizing the school system. It was much less successful than its predecessors.
 L for Love L for Lies' (stylized L for Love ♥ L for Lies; (Chinese: 我的最愛) is a 2008 Hong Kong film written and directed by Patrick Kong and starring Alex Fong Lik-Sun Stephy Tang and Alice Tzeng.
 Eat the Peach is a 1986 British-Irish comedy film directed by Peter Ormrod. The title derives from the T.S.Eliot poem The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock. It was written by Peter Ormrod with John Kelleher. It is a film about eccentricity and companionship and was part financed by Channel Four.
 The Ring Virus (Hangul: 링; lit. Ring) is a South Korean horror film adapted from the Japanese novel Ring by Koji Suzuki. A joint project between Japan and Korea this version has Park Eun-Suh as the creator of the cursed videotape.
 Hard to Kill is a 1990 American action film directed by Bruce Malmuth and starring Steven Seagal Kelly LeBrock Frederick Coffin Branscombe Richmond and William Sadler. Steven Seagal plays Detective Mason Storm who falls into a coma after being shot during a fire-fight that killed his wife Felicia. He reawakens seven years later to find his son Sonny alive and seeks vengeance with the coma-ward nurse and his old partner.
 Le choc (English: The Shock) is a 1982 French crime thriller film directed by Robin Davis and starring Alain Delon Catherine Deneuve and Philippe Léotard. Based on the novel La position du tireur couché by Jean-Patrick Manchette the film is about a hitman who wants to retire from his life in organized crime and flees to the country where he meets and falls in love with a beautiful woman.
 A Bug's Life (stylized as a bug's life) is a 1998 American computer-animated comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios. Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Andrew Stanton the film involves a misfit ant Flik who is looking for tough warriors to save his colony from greedy grasshoppers. Flik recruits a group of bugs that turn out to be an inept circus troupe.
 Sands of Iwo Jima is a 1949 war film starring John Wayne that follows a group of United States Marines from training to the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II. The movie also features John Agar Adele Mara and Forrest Tucker was written by Harry Brown and James Edward Grant and directed by Allan Dwan.
 Primary Motive is a 1992 American thriller film written and directed by Daniel Adams.
 Anthem to Beauty is a music documentary about the making of the Grateful Dead albums Anthem of the Sun and American Beauty. It originally aired in a somewhat shortened version in 1997 as part of the television series Classic Albums. It was released on VHS video tape in 1998 and on DVD in 1999 with a running time of 1 hour 15 minutes.
 The Art of War II: Betrayal is a 2008 American action film directed by Josef Rusnak starring Wesley Snipes Lochlyn Munro and Athena Karkanis. This is the sequel to the 2000 film The Art of War. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on August 12 2008.
 Dead Space: Aftermath is an American animated horror film that bridges the storyline between Dead Space and Dead Space 2.
 So Sweet So Dead (Italian: Rivelazioni di un maniaco sessuale al capo della squadra mobile also known as The Slasher is the Sex Maniac and Penetration) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero.
 Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer (AKA: Comic Faces) is a 1897 British short silent comedy film directed by George Albert Smith featuring a man drinking a glass of beer whose face and hands become increasingly lively as a result. The single-shot film shows Green according to Bryony Dixon of BFIfilms performing what is known as a 'facial' that is a piece direct to camera showing changing facial expressions.
 Hanger is a 2009 horror film written and directed by Ryan Nicholson and co-written by Patrick Coble.
 The Busy Little Engine is a 2005 children's DVD written and directed by Desmond Mullen. It was selected for the 2006 San Diego International Children's Film Festival and reviewed in the professional library journals Booklist School Library Journal and Video Librarian. The Busy Little Engine was picked Best DVD by Parenting Magazine in July 2006.
 The Black Scorpion is a 1957 Mexican-American horror film released by Warner Brothers with stop motion special effects created by Willis O'Brien.
 It's a Disaster is a 2012 art-house black comedy film written and directed by Todd Berger. The film was made by Los Angeles-based comedy group The Vacationeers and stars Rachel Boston David Cross America Ferrera Jeff Grace Erinn Hayes Kevin M. Brennan Blaise Miller Julia Stiles and Todd Berger. The film premiered on June 20 2012 at the Los Angeles Film Festival.
 Legend of Dinosaurs and Monster Birds (恐竜・怪鳥の伝説 Kyōryū Kaichō no Densetsu-- lit. Legend of Dinosaurs and Ominous Birds) (1977) is a Japanese science fiction film released by Toei Company.
 Dark Corners is a 2006 horror-thriller film directed by Ray Gower and starring Thora Birch.
 Kalgejje is a 2011 Kannada film starring newcomers Vishwas and Roopika in the lead roles alongside Anant Nag.The film has been directed and written by A Bangaru and produced by debutant Nagabhushan under his home banner. Gandharva has composed the music.
 Four Women of Egypt (original French title Quatre femmes d'Égypte) is a 1997 Canadian-Egyptian documentary film by Tahani Rached. The film revolves around four female friends from Egypt with opposing religious social and political views in modern-day Egypt. The film was highly acclaimed and won several awards in documentary film festivals.
 Bevor der Blitz einschlägt (Before the Lightning Strikes) is an East German comedy film directed by Richard Groschopp. It was released in 1959.
 Molokai: The Story of Father Damien is a 1999 biographical film of Father Damien a Belgian priest working at the Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement on the Hawaiian island of Molokai.
 21-87 is a 1963 Canadian abstract collage film created by Arthur Lipsett that lasts 9 minutes and 33 seconds.The short film produced by the National Film Board of Canada is a collage of snippets from discarded footage found by Lipsett in the editing room of the National Film Board (where he was employed as an animator) combined with his own black and white 16mm footage which he shot on the streets of Montreal and New York City among other locations.
 Damaged Goods is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Campbell Gullan Marjorie Day and J. Fisher White. It was based on the play Les Aviaries by Eugène Brieux. Because of the play's controversial tackling of the subject of venerial disease the film had issues with censor boards and attracted a degree of notoriety. The film was described by one reviewer as a masterpiece.
 Fifty Dead Men Walking is a 2008 English-language crime thriller film written and directed by Kari Skogland. It is a loose adaptation of Martin McGartland's 1997 autobiography of the same name.
 The American West of John Ford is a 1971 television special about movie director John Ford's career narrated by John Wayne James Stewart and Henry Fonda.
 Kalifornia is a 1993 American horror and road film directed by Dominic Sena and starring Brad Pitt Juliette Lewis David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes.
 Table No. 21 is a Hindi action thriller movie directed by Aditya Datt and produced by Eros International. It is named for Article 21 of the Indian Constitution which particularises the Protection of Life and Personal Liberty. The movie features Paresh Rawal Rajeev Khandelwal and Tena Desae and touches upon the pertinent social issue of ragging. The film's soundtrack was composed by Gajendra Verma with lyrics penned by Aseem Ahmed Abbasee. The film was a moderate success at the box office.
 Bulworth is a 1998 American comedy-drama film co-written co-produced directed by and starring Warren Beatty. It co-stars Halle Berry Oliver Platt Don Cheadle Paul Sorvino Jack Warden and Isaiah Washington. The film follows the title character California Senator Jay Billington Bulworth (Beatty) as he runs for re-election while trying to avoid a hired assassin.
 Female Convict 101: Suck (女囚101 しゃぶる Joshū 101: Shaburu) is a 1977 Japanese women in prison film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Kōyū Ohara and starring Naomi Tani.
 The Big Knife is a 1955 film noir directed and produced by Robert Aldrich from a screenplay by James Poe based on the play by Clifford Odets. The film stars Jack Palance Ida Lupino Wendell Corey Jean Hagen Rod Steiger Shelley Winters Ilka Chase and Everett Sloane.
 Zelal is a 2010 documentary film.
 North is a Norwegian film from 2009 written by Erlend Loe and directed by Rune Denstad Langlo. North was nominated for the 2009 Nordic Council Film Prize.
 A Lass of the Lumberlands is a 1916 silent film serial directed by Paul Hurst and J. P. McGowan and starring Helen Holmes. The serial is considered to be lost.
 Paraguayan Hammock (Guaraní: Hamaca paraguaya) is a 2006 Argentine-Paraguayan drama film directed by Paz Encina. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.
 Agar Tum Na Hote is a 1983 Indian Bollywood film directed by Lekh Tandon. The film stars Rajesh Khanna Rekha and Raj Babbar in leading roles.
 Cyclone on Horseback is a 1941 Western film.
 Box–Office Bunny released in 1990 is a 4-minute Looney Tunes short starring Bugs Bunny Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd. It was shown in theaters with The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter. This was Warner Brother's first Bugs Bunny theatrical release since 1964. It was issued to commemorate Bugs' 50th anniversary.
 Traffic is a 2000 American crime drama film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Stephen Gaghan. It explores the illegal drug trade from a number of perspectives: a user an enforcer a politician and a trafficker. Their stories are edited together throughout the film although some of the characters do not meet each other.
 The Undercover Man is a 1949 American crime drama film noir starring Glenn Ford. This was one of a number of noirs directed by Joseph H. Lewis who went on to helm Gun Crazy and The Big Combo. The drama features Glenn Ford Nina Foch James Whitmore among others.
 Captain Scarlett is a 1953 American film directed by Thomas Carr.
 Evil Dead Trap 3: Broken Love Killer (ちぎれた愛の殺人 Chigireta ai no satsujin) is a 1993 Japanese horror film directed by Toshiharu Ikeda.
 Fab Five: The Texas Cheerleader Scandal is a Lifetime Television made-for-TV drama film starring Jenna Dewan Ashley Benson and Tatum O'Neal and directed by Tom McLoughlin. The film premiered on August 2 2008. It is based on a true story which occurred at McKinney North High School in McKinney Texas in 2006 in which five teenage cheerleaders became notorious for bullying truancies violations of the school dress code and general disrespect to the school community and authority.
 Confidential Lady is a 1939 British comedy drama film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Ben Lyon and Jane Baxter. It is now classed as a lost film.
 Angels Over Broadway (aka Before I Die) is a 1940 American drama film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Rita Hayworth and Thomas Mitchell. Ben Hecht who co-directed produced and wrote the screenplay was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
 Clubland is a 1999 film directed by Mary Lambert.
 Amigos para la aventura (English language: Friends for the Adventure) is a 1978 Argentine comedy film directed by Palito Ortega and written by Víctor Sueiro.
 Nuvve Nuvve is a Tollywood film that was written and directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The film starred Tarun Shriya Saran and Prakash Raj in important roles.
 Gate II: Trespassers aka Gate II and Gate II: Return to the Nightmare is a 1990 Canadian-American sequel to the 1987 film The Gate. It was directed by Tibor Takács with Louis Tripp returning as Terrence 'Terry' Chandler.
 My Brother Borat is an upcoming Kazakh dark comedy film written and directed by Erkin Rakishev as an unauthorised sequel to the 2006 film Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan created by the director to address mis-conceptions of Kazakhstan as portrayed in the 2006 film. The film is stated for release early in 2011.
 Ang Nawawala is a 2012 Filipino drama film co-written and directed by Marie Jamora. The film stars Dominic Roco Dawn Zulueta Boboy Garovillo Felix Roco and Annicka Dolonius. The film was first screened as part of the 2012 Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival where it competed under the New Breed category.Ang Nawawala won the Audience Choice and Best Original Music Score awards during the Cinemalaya competition.
 The Accidental Tourist is a 1988 American drama film starring William Hurt Kathleen Turner and Geena Davis. It was directed by Lawrence Kasdan and scored by John Williams. The film's screenplay was adapted by Kasdan and Frank Galati from the novel of the same name by Anne Tyler. One of the most acclaimed films of 1988 it was nominated for four Academy Awards including Best Picture Best Adapted Screenplay Best Original Score and Best Supporting Actress (the last for Davis' performance).
 Zaytoun (Hebrew: זייתון‎) is a 2012 Israeli adventure thriller film directed by Eran Riklis and produced by Academy Award-winning producer Gareth Unwin and Fred Ritzenberg. It premiered in September 2012 at the Toronto International Film Festival.The screenplay was written by Nader Rizq a Palestinian-American living in the United States. What started as a hobby in 1991 ended up making the semi-finals of the 2001 Nicholl Fellowships run by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
 Adaptation. is a 2002 American semi-autobiographical comedy-drama metafilm directed by Spike Jonze and written by Charlie Kaufman. The film is based on Susan Orlean's non-fiction book The Orchid Thief with numerous self-referential events added.
 The Visitors is a 1972 American drama film directed by Elia Kazan. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. Kazan used Daniel Lang's Casualties of War story as a jumping-off point for this film.
 Galleguita is a 1923 Argentine film directed by Julio Irigoyen.
 Un giorno da leoni (internationally released as A Day for Lionhearts) is a 1961 Italian war - drama film directed by Nanni Loy. The film describes the gradual evolution towards anti-fascism of Italian people during Second World War.
 TunnelVision (also known as Tunnel Vision) is a 1976 comedy anthology film featuring Roger Bowen Chevy Chase John Candy Howard Hesseman Joe Flaherty Laraine Newman Betty Thomas Phil Proctor Al Franken Ron Silver Tom Davis Michael Overly. It was directed by Neal Israel and Bradley R. Swirnoff and produced by Joe Roth.
 Code of the West is a 1947 American Western film directed by William Berke and starring James Warren Debra Alden and John Laurenz. Written by Norman Houston and based on the novel of the same name by Zane Grey the film is about two cowboys who come to the aid of a rancher whose land is being threatened by an unscrupulous businessman.
 Andharangam is a Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan. Savithri and Major Sundarrajan play his parents. It was an adult rated movie released when Kamal was in his early 20s.
 Mahiru no ankoku (真昼の暗黒 Darkness in the Noon) is a 1956 Japanese film directed by Tadashi Imai.
 Lego Star Wars: The Quest for R2-D2 is a 2009 comedy short film directed by a director Peder Pedersen and produced by M2Film for Lego and Cartoon Network in collaboration with Lucasfilm.It was made as a follow-up to Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick (2008) and premiered on Cartoon Network on August 27 2009 in celebration of 10 years of LEGO Star Wars. The story follows the characters from the 2008 series Star Wars: The Clone Wars.
 Miley: The Movement is a 2013 documentary television film of American recording artist and entertainer Miley Cyrus following her return to the music industry in the lead-up to her fourth studio album Bangerz (2013). It premiered on October 2 2013 on MTV six days before the release of her record for which the documentary served as a promotional tool.
 Dragon Ball: Mystical Adventure (ドラゴンボール　魔訶不思議大冒険 Doragon Bōru: Makafushigi Dai-Bōken lit.
 Sye is 2004 Telugu film which is a remake of 1999 American drama film Any Given Sunday. It was released on 23 September 2004 and was directed by S.S. Rajamouli. This is his third film after the success of both Student No.1 and Simhadri. This film has a rugby union backdrop. Nitin Kumar Reddy and Genelia D'Souza play the lead roles.
 Stephen Frears is directing an untitled biopic about Lance Armstrong starring Ben Foster as Armstrong. In began filming in October 2013. Lee Pace joined the cast in November 2013. Dustin Hoffman joined the cast in December 2013.
 Hold That Hypnotist is a 1957 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. The film was released on March 10 1957 by Allied Artists and is the forty-fourth film in the series.
 Desperate Lives is a 1982 made-for-TV film about drug use in a high school. The film has a very strong anti-drug message.
 How to Drown Dr. Mracek the Lawyer (Czech: Jak utopit dr. Mráčka aneb Konec vodníků v Čechách) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Vorlíček. It was released in 1974.
 The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon (Spanish: La Balandra Isabel llegó esta tarde) is a 1949 Venezuelan-Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen. It was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival.
 Njanum Ente Familiyum (Malayalam: ഞാനും എന്റെ ഫാമിലിയും) is a 2012 Malayalam family film directed by K. K. Rajeev and starring Jayaram and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles. Written by Cheriyan Kalpakavadi it is the first feature film by television serial director K. K. Rajeev. The film examines the problems in a doctor family and is told in a humorous way. The film was shot from the locales of Palakkad and Munnar in Kerala and Pollachi in Tamil Nadu.
 Melinda and Melinda is a 2004 comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. It was premiered at the San Sebastian International Film Festival. The film is set in Manhattan and stars Radha Mitchell as the protagonist Melinda in two storylines; one comic one tragic. The film was given a limited release in the United States on March 18 2005.
 Dead Snow (Norwegian: Død snø) is a 2009 Norwegian zombie splatter film directed by Tommy Wirkola starring Charlotte Frogner Stig Frode Henriksen Bjørn Sundquist Ane Dahl Torp and Jenny Skavlan. The film centers on a group of students surviving a Nazi zombie attack in the mountains of Norway. The premise of the film is similar to that of the draugr - a Scandinavian folkloric undead greedily protecting its (often stolen) treasures.
 Gus is a 1976 American film by Walt Disney Productions. Its center character is Gus a football-playing mule.
 An American Christmas Carol is a 1979 television film directed by Eric Till. The screenplay is based on Charles Dickens' 1843 novella A Christmas Carol.
 M is a 1951 American remake of Fritz Lang's film of the same name directed by Joseph Losey. This version shifts the action from Berlin to Los Angeles and changes the killer's name from Hans Beckert to Martin W. Harrow. Both versions of M were produced by Seymour Nebenzal whose son Harold was associate producer of the 1951 version.
 Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced is a 2000 Norwegian mockumentary about a fictional boy band called Boyzvoice. Outside Norway it has been screened multiple times on Australian television channel SBS.
 Right Yaaa Wrong is a 2010 Bollywood film directed by Neeraj Pathak starring Sunny Deol and Irrfan Khan in the lead roles. The film is based on the lives of two police officers of India who later become strong rivals. It also stars Isha Koppikar Konkona Sen Sharma Aryan Vaid and Govind Namdeo. This film was shot in Film City and released on 12 March 2010 under the banner of Eros.The film has almost similar plot points to the 1995 Hollywood film Above Suspicion (1995 film)
 Naughty Cinderella is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jean Daumery and starring John Stuart Winna Winifried and Betty Huntley-Wright.
 The Zero Theorem is a 2013 science fiction film directed by Terry Gilliam written by Pat Rushin and starring Christoph Waltz Lucas Hedges Mélanie Thierry and David Thewlis. The story centres on Qohen Leth (Waltz) a reclusive computer genius working on a formula to determine whether life holds meaning.
 The Devil's Own is a 1916 silent drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 The Garden That Tilts (French: Le Jardin qui bascule) is a 1974 French drama film directed by Guy Gilles.
 La Luna (IPA: /laˈluna/ [laˈluːna] The Moon) is a 2011 Pixar computer-animated short film directed and written by Enrico Casarosa. The short premiered on June 6 2011 at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival in France and was paired with Pixar's Brave for its theatrical release on June 22 2012 being shown before the film's beginning.
 Suryaa: An Awakening is a 1989 film directed by Esmayeel Shroff. The film stars Raaj Kumar Vinod Khanna Raj Babbar Bhanupriya Shakti Kapoor Alok Nath and Amrish Puri.
 29 Februari is a Malaysian fantasy biography and romance musical film produced by KRU Studios touted as the country's first stereoscopic 3D theatrical release. Directed by Edry Abdul Halim 29 Februari tells of a man who only ages once every four years due to being born in 29 February resulting in him ageing far slower than his peers. The film was theatrically released in 3D and digital 2D format in Malaysia Singapore and Brunei on 30 August 2012.
 Inside Looking Out is a 1977 Australian film directed by Paul Cox. It was his second feature film.
 Venezia la luna e tu (internationally released as Venice the Moon and You) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
 Razor Blade Smile is an independent British vampire film directed by Jake West and stars Eileen Daly Christopher Adamson and Heidi James.
 In the Name of the People (German: Im Namen des Volkes) is a 1974 German documentary film directed by Ottokar Runze. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear.
 Tesha is a 1928 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and Edwin Greenwood and starring María Corda Jameson Thomas and Paul Cavanagh. A man's wife has an affair with his best friend and becomes pregnant. The film was originally shot as a silent film but in 1929 sound was added.
 Just For One Day is an Ethiopian 2008 short documentary film.
 Edhir Paradhathu (Tamil: எதிர்பாராதது) is a Tamil language film starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1954.
 The Looking Glass War is a 1969 British film directed by Frank Pierson.
 Sleepwalker is a Swedish horror-thriller film released in 2000. It was filmed in Stockholm and was released in cinemas on August 4 2000.
 Parama (English title: The Ultimate Woman) is a 1984 award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Aparna Sen.
 Madame DuBarry is a 1934 American historical film directed by William Dieterle and starring Dolores del Rio Reginald Owen Victor Jory and Osgood Perkins. The film portrays the life of Madame Du Barry the last mistress of King Louis XV of France.
 The Right of the Unborn (German: Das Recht der Ungeborenen) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Maly Delschaft Elizza La Porta and Hans Adalbert Schlettow. The film is in the Weimar tradition of Enlightenment films. It examines the question of abortion of unborn children. Unlike several other German films of the era it is generally anti-abortion. The film's art direction is by Hans Jacoby.
 The Jensen Project is the second in a series of a TV movies produced by Procter & Gamble and Wal-Mart aimed at families. The movie featured embedded marketing for the Kinect a motion sensor add-on to the Xbox 360 several months before the product's launch. Ratings for the July 16 2010 airing on NBC were disappointing with fewer than 4 million viewers.
 Kidnapped is a 1935 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.
 Italian Style is a gay pornographic film directed by Lucas Kazan for Sarava Productions in 2000. It marks the first co-production between Kazan and executive producer Kristen Bjorn.The film was shot on location in Italy (Tuscany Romagna and Lazio) and won the 2001 GayVN Award for Best Foreign Video. Italian Style is visually overwhelming writes Onan the Vulgarian in XFactor: the men the sets the outdoor locations.
 Parineeta is a 1953 film based upon the 1914 Bengali novel by the same name by Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay which was earlier filmed in Bengali. The film was directed by Bimal Roy. This version of the film is considered by many to be the most faithful adaptation of the novella particularly due to Meena Kumari's interpretation of the role of Lalita.
 Der Todesking (aka The Death King) is a 1989 German horror film directed by Jörg Buttgereit. This experimental style movie which does not use central characters explores the topic of suicide and violent death in the form of seven episodes each one attributed to one day of the week. These episodes are enframed by the vision of a human body slowly rotting during the course of the movie.
 Knock on Any Door is a 1949 American court-room trial film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Humphrey Bogart. The picture introduced John Derek to film and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Willard Motley.
 Die You Zombie Bastards! is a 2005 American zombie comedy by directed by Caleb Emerson written by Emerson and Haig Demarjian and starring Tim Gerstmar Geoff Mosher and Pippi Zornoza. It is about a serial killer (Gerstmar) who must save his cannibal wife Violet (Zornoza) from zombies animated by Baron Nefarious (Mosher).
 Die Monster Die! (British title: Monster of Terror) is a 1965 horror film directed by Daniel Haller. The film is a loose adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's story The Colour Out of Space.
 The Vanishing Rider is a 1928 Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor and featuring William Desmond and Ethlyne Clair. Boris Karloff was also in the cast. The film is now considered to be lost.
 A Poet in New York is a British drama television film that was first broadcast on BBC One Wales on 30 April 2014. The film written by Andrew Davies and directed by Aisling Walsh explores how Welsh poet Dylan Thomas died in New York at the age of 39. The drama was made to mark the centenary of Thomas' birth on 27 October 1914.
 Opportunity Knocks is a 1990 comedy film starring Dana Carvey. It was directed by Donald Petrie.
 Pains of Autumn (Turkish: Güz Sancısı) is a 2009 Turkish drama film directed by Tomris Giritlioğlu based on the novel by Yilmaz Karakoyunlu. The film which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on January 23 2009 (2009-01-23) was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2009.
 Angels One Five is a 1952 British film directed by George More O'Ferrall and starring Jack Hawkins Michael Denison Dulcie Gray John Gregson Cyril Raymond and Veronica Hurst. Based on the book What Are Your Angels Now? by Pelham Groom (who was also technical advisor to the film under his full title of W/Cdr. A. J. C. Pelham Groom) the plot centres on a young fighter pilot immediately before and during the Battle of Britain in the Second World War.
 Una Noche is a Cuban-set drama-thriller film written and directed by Lucy Mulloy.
 Circus Days (1923) is a feature length silent film comedy starring child actor Jackie Coogan directed by Eddie Cline produced by Sol Lesser and Jackie Coogan's own production company and distributed through Associated First National Pictures.
 Point Blank is a 1967 American crime film directed by John Boorman starring Lee Marvin and featuring Angie Dickinson adapted from the crime noir pulp novel The Hunter by Donald E. Westlake writing as Richard Stark. Boorman directed the film at Marvin's request and Marvin played a central role in the film's development and staging. The film was not a box office success in 1967 but has since gone on to become a cult classic eliciting praise from such critics as film historian David Thomson.
 A Woman Is a Risky Bet: Six Orchestra Conductors (Swedish: Dirigenterna) is a 1987 Swedish documentary film about women orchestra conductors directed by Christina Olofson.
 Kutravaaligal is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan starring Raveendran in lead role.
 Cradle Song (1933) is a drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen released by Paramount Pictures and starring Dorothea Wieck and Evelyn Venable.
 Le Prix du Danger (The price of the Danger ) is a 1983 French-Yugoslav science fiction movie directed by Yves Boisset. It is based on Robert Sheckley's The Prize of Peril published in 1958.
 A Case of Honor is a 1991 film directed by Eddie Romero.
 Vidas al Máximo (Lives to the Maximum) is a film directed by David Castellanos and starring Fernando Noriega and Eiza González.
 Penthouse North (also known as Atrapada en la oscuridad and Blindsided) is a 2013 thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Michael Keaton and Michelle Monaghan.
 Skins is a 2002 feature film by Chris Eyre and based upon the novel of the same name by Adrian C. Louis. The film is set on the fictional Beaver Creek Indian Reservation in South Dakota near the Nebraska border a place very much like the actual Pine Ridge Indian Reservation the setting in the book and the place where the film was actually shot.
 Church Ball is a 2006 comedy film about a basketball team from an LDS church ward.This family-film and comedy was filmed in and around Provo Utah and is distributed by Halestorm Entertainment.
 Udaan (English translation - Flight) is 1997 Hindi language movie directed by Asrani and starring Rekha Saif Ali Khan Prem Chopra Danny Denzongpa Dalip Tahil Asrani Deven Varma Annu Kapoor Mohnish Bahl.
 Bill Bergson Lives Dangerously (original Swedish title: Kalle Blomkvist – Mästerdetektiven lever farligt) is a 1996 Swedish film directed by Göran Carmback. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Astrid Lindgren.The theme music De hjältemodiga is written by Nanne Grönvall and produced by Peter Grönvall and sung by among Nanne Maria Rådsten Fredrik and Christina Ådén.
 BraveStarr: The Movie (released in Europe as BraveStarr: The Legend) is an animated Space Western released on March 18 1988 by Taurus Entertainment. The film was based on Filmation's television series and Mattel's action figure of the same name and was also among the first animated features to use computer graphics.
 Chathikkatha Chanthu (Malayalam: ചതിക്കാത്തചന്തു English: Chanthu Who Never Cheats) is a 2004 Malayalam musical-comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin and produced by Lal. It stars a huge cast consisting of Jayasurya Vineeth Lal Navya Nair Bhavana Madhu Cochin Haneefa Salim Kumar Siddique and Janardhanan. The music is composed by Alex Paul.The film was remade in Kannada.
 Jimmy Hollywood is an American comedy film written and directed by Barry Levinson and starring Joe Pesci and Christian Slater. While initially unsuccessful at the box office it has since gained a cult following.
 Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead is a 1991 American comedy film directed by Stephen Herek and starring Christina Applegate Joanna Cassidy Josh Charles and David Duchovny.The plot focuses on a seventeen-year-old Sue Ellen whose mother leaves for a two-month summer vacation in Australia putting all five siblings in the care of a strict tyrannical elderly babysitter.
 Hot Rods to Hell is a 1967 suspense film. It was director John Brahm's last film.
 Heart Like a Wheel is a 1983 biographical film directed by Jonathan Kaplan and based on the life of drag racing driver Shirley Muldowney. It stars Bonnie Bedelia as Muldowney and Beau Bridges as drag racing legend Connie Kalitta.The film garnered two award nominations: Bedelia for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama and William Theiss for an Academy Award for Costume Design.
 The Craving is a 1918 American silent drama film written and directed by John and Francis Ford. The film is now presumed lost.
 Antwone Fisher is a 2002 American drama film directed by Denzel Washington marking his directorial debut. He also stars in the film as the psychiatrist Jerome Davenport alongside Hollywood newcomer Derek Luke who plays the title role (and personally knew the real Antwone Fisher) and ex-model Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend.The film is inspired by a true story with the real Antwone Fisher credited as the screenwriter and is based on his autobiographical book Finding Fish.
 Lustful Hitchhiker: Sought Wife (欲情ヒッチハイク　求めた人妻 Yokujō hitchihaiku: motometa hitozuma) aka Who Do the Dancing Fingers Dance With? (舞う指は誰と踊る Mau yubi wa dare to odoru) is a 2005 Japanese pink film directed by Tetsuya Takehora. It won the fourth Best Film award at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony and Takehora was given the Best Director award and Kiminori Komatsu the Best Screenplay award for their work in this film.
 Amen is a 2011 South Korean drama film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk starring Kim Ye-na. Shot in Europe it follows a Korean girl on a mysterious journey. The film premiered in competition at the 2011 San Sebastián International Film Festival.
 Il padrone sono me is a 1955 Italian comedy-drama film. It marked the directorial debut of Franco Brusati. The film premiered at the 16th Venice International Film Festival.
 In Search of Dr. Seuss is a feature film chronicling the adventures of a news reporter (Kathy Najimy) who enters the world of Dr. Seuss by opening a magical book. It came to DVD in 2003 and again in 2008 as a bonus feature for the TV movie Horton Hears a Who!.
 Rags and Tatters (Arabic: فرش وغطا‎) (translit. farš wa-ġaṭa) is a 2013 Egyptian drama film written and directed by Ahmad Abdalla. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was also selected in London Film Festival and Abu Dhabi Film Festival in the official competition. In November 2013 the film won the Grand Prix (The Goldne Antigone) at the Montpellier Film Festival.
 Agaram (English: The first letter of the Tamil alphabet) is a 2007 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by T. Nagarajan who had earlier directed the 1997 film Aravindhan starring Sarath Kumar. It stars Nandha of Mounam Pesiyadhe and Punnagai Poove fame and newcomer Archana in the lead roles with Biju Menon portraying the role of the antagonist and Vivek Seetha and Raj Kapoor among others in supporting roles.
 Kutti Pisasu is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language fantasy film written and directed by Rama Narayanan in his 121st venture. The film stars Baby Keerthika Sangeetha Ramya Krishnan Ramji and Nassar in lead roles.
 Panimudakku is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 The Magic Christmas Tree is a Christmas-themed fantasy-adventure film about a boy who uses a magic ring to bring a Christmas tree to life. The tree then grants the boy three wishes.
 Chalo Dilli (Let's go to Delhi) is a 2011 Indian film directed by Shashant Shah partially based on the 2010 American film Due Date. It features Lara Dutta and Vinay Pathak. It also features Akshay Kumar in a guest appearance. The film produced under Dutta's husband Mahesh Bhupathi's production company Big Daddy Productions and Eros International Media Ltd. was shot at locations in Mumbai Delhi and Jaipur. It was released on 29 April 2011.
 The Last Lovecraft: Relic of Cthulhu is a 2009 horror comedy film directed by Henry Saine about the last living relative of noted short-story writer H.P. Lovecraft. The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival and was acquired by MPI Media. It had its international theatrical release in August 2010 at Toronto's fifth annual After Dark Film Festival through MPI's Dark Sky Films label. It was later released on DVD and VOD in October 2010.
 The Face in the Fog is a 1922 silent film produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Alan Crosland and starred Lionel Barrymore. An incomplete print is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Galaate is a 2013 Kannada Romantic comedy film directed and written by M. D. Sridhar. The film stars Prajwal Devaraj Kriti Kharbanda and Nisha Shetty in the lead roles. Shashikumar and Tara are in the supporting roles. The music is composed by Jassie Gift.
 Invitation to Hell is a 1982 horror film directed by Michael J. Murphy about Satan possessing several people at a countryside English estate.
 Lady Is The Boss is a 1983 Shaw Brothers kung fu-comedy film directed by Lau Kar-leung and starring Kara Hui.
 A Million Ways to Die in the West is an upcoming 2014 American western comedy film produced and directed by Seth MacFarlane and written by MacFarlane Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild. The film will star MacFarlane himself along with Charlize Theron Amanda Seyfried Liam Neeson Giovanni Ribisi Sarah Silverman and Neil Patrick Harris. It was produced by Media Rights Capital and distributed by Universal Pictures. The film is scheduled to be released on May 30 2014.
 Assault at West Point is a 1994 television docudrama about Johnson Chesnut Whittaker one of the first black cadets at West Point and the trial that followed an assault he suffered. The film features Samuel L. Jackson who portrays a lawyer who defends Whittaker.
 I as in Icarus (French: I... comme Icare) is a 1979 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil.
 White Badge is a 1992 South Korean war film directed by Chung Ji-young based on the book White Badge: A Novel of Korea by Ahn Jung-hyo.It depicts the experience of South Korean soldiers who fought in the Vietnam War alongside American troops. White Badge follows the path of two South Korean soldiers as they struggle to deal with their experiences in the Vietnam War.
 The Gorilla is a 1927 American silent horror film directed by Alfred Santell based on the play of the same name by Ralph Spence. The film stars Charles Murray Fred Kelsey and Walter Pidgeon. The plot of the film revolves around a series of murders committed by a man in an ape suit. The film was remade with sound in 1930 and 1939.It was an early production of Edward Small.
 Kaip pavogti žmoną (English: How to Steal a Wife) is a 2013 Lithuanian comedy film directed by Donatas Ulvydas.
 Wild Tales (Spanish: Relatos salvajes) is an upcoming Argentine comedy film directed by Damián Szifrón. It has been selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Twice Blessed is a 1945 Comedy directed by Harry Beaumont starring Preston Foster Gail Patrick and Lee and Lyn Wilde. This film was an MGM vehicle for the Wilde Twins who were first introduced in Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble (1944).
 Harper released in the UK as The Moving Target is a 1966 film based on Ross Macdonald's novel The Moving Target and adapted for the screen by novelist William Goldman who was a big admirer of Ross MacDonald. The film stars Paul Newman as the eponymous Lew Harper (Lew Archer in the novel).Goldman received a 1967 Edgar Award for Best Motion Picture Screenplay. The film pays homage to the Humphrey Bogart private-eye films by bringing Bogart's wife Lauren Bacall into the story.
 Ohne Pass in fremden Betten is an East German film. It was released in 1965.
 Partie de cartes (also known as Card Game and The Messers. Lumière at Cards (USA) or A Quiet Game of Écarté) is an 1895 French short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring Antoine Féraud.
 Better Halves is a 1916 film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Avan Chandiyude Makan is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2007.
 The Snow Hawk is a 1925 film starring Stan Laurel.
 Inferno is a 1953 American film noir drama/thriller starring Robert Ryan and Rhonda Fleming directed by Roy Ward Baker. It was shot in Technicolor and shown in 3-D Dimension and stereophonic sound on prints for the few theaters equipped for that sound system in 1953.
 Más bonita que ninguna is a 1965 Spanish film.
 Murder Is News is a 1937 Canadian / American film directed by Leon Barsha.
 Virginal Young Blondes is a short film by American director Mark L. Feinsod. It was shot in 2004 on mini-DV and has a running time of 16 minutes.
 Hellbreeder is a 2004 horror/mystery film directed by James Eaves and Johannes Roberts and starring Lyndie Uphill.
 The Roaring West (1935) is a Universal film serial.
 The Brazen Bull is an 2011 American thriller/horror released on July 13 2011. It was written directed and produced by Douglas Elford-Argent. It stars Jennifer Tisdale as the main role and Michael Madsen as the killer. It was released on DVD on September 2 2011.
 La intrusa (The Intruder) is a 1954 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Andar Baahar (Kannada: ಅಂದರ್ ಬಾಹರ್) is a 2013 Kannada action film starring Shivrajkumar and Parvathi Menon in the lead. The film is directed by Phaneesh Ramanathapura and produced by a host of USA Kannadiga friends under the Legends International Group banner. Popular playback singer Vijay Prakash made his debut as a music composer for this filmThe film tells the story of the relationship between a newly married criminal and his wife.
 A Soul's Awakening is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring David Hawthorne Flora le Breton and Ethel Oliver. It was made at Lime Grove Studios in Shepherd's Bush. It is also known by the alternative title What Love Can Do.
 The Jackal is a 1997 American spy thriller film directed by Michael Caton-Jones and starring Bruce Willis Richard Gere. To date it is also the last appearance of Sidney Poitier in a theatrical release. It involves the hunt for a paid assassin. It is a loose remake of the 1973 film The Day of the Jackal.
 Funeral for an Assassin is a 1974 South Africa film directed by Ivan Hall that was released in the United States in 1977.
 Codename: Kids Next Door: The Movie: Operation Z.E.R.O. (Zero Explanation Reveals Origins) is the first television film to be made for the animated television series Codename: Kids Next Door. It originally aired on January 13 2006 at 12:30 p.m. on Cartoon Network.
 Crows Explode (クローズ EXPLODE Kurozu Explode) is a 2014 Japanese action film directed by Toshiaki Toyoda. It is the third film based on the manga Crows by Hiroshi Takahashi and a sequel to 2009's Crows Zero 2. A month after the event of Crows Zero 2 and one semester before the event of Crows it features new characters and an almost entirely new cast including Masahiro Higashide and Taichi Saotome. The film was released in Japan on April 12 2014.
 Carnival in Flanders is a 1935 French historical romantic comedy film directed by Jacques Feyder. Its original French title is La Kermesse héroïque and it is widely known under that name. A German-language version of the film was made simultaneously and was released under the title Die klugen Frauen.
 Braveheart is a 1925 silent film western directed by Alan Hale Sr. and starring Rod La Rocque. The story focuses on members of a tribe of Indians who are being intimidated by the owners of a canning company seeking to violate the treaty protecting the tribe's fishing grounds.
 Raghavendra (Telugu: రాఘవేంద్ర) is a 2003 Tollywood film directed by Suresh Krishna. It stars Prabhas Swetha Agarwal and Anshu. Music was scored by Mani Sharma. The movie was also dubbed in Hindi as Sanyasi: The Warrior Saint in spite of being remade by Suresh himself in Hindi as Rocky: The Rebel.
 Mone Prane Acho Tumi (Bengali: মনে প্রাণে আছ তুমি; English: You are in my Heart) is a Dallywood Bengali film that released on 2008. It's a romantic comedy film directed by Jakir Hossain Raju and leading stars are Shakib Khan Apu Biswas Razzak Shagorika Misha Soudagor and many more. and this film is one of the top grossing Dhallywood film of 2008.
 Seed is a 1931 American drama film directed by John M. Stahl. The screenplay by Gladys Lehman is based on a novel by Charles G. Norris.
 Desperate Remedies is a 1993 New Zealand drama film directed by Stewart Main and Peter Wells. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.
 Rodora is a 1956 movie from Sampaguita Pictures about a man (Juancho Gutierrez) who falls in love with a girl (Amalia Fuentes).
 A Night in Tuscany is the first DVD released by Italian singer Andrea Bocelli of a concert held in his native Tuscany in 1997 highlighting the unique blend of Classical Pop and traditional Italian songs that made him a crossover success as an internationally acclaimed tenor. The concert takes place at the Piazza dei Cavalieri in Pisa.
 Kobe Doin' Work is a 2009 documentary film directed by Spike Lee. It focuses on Kobe Bryant during one day of the 2007–08 Los Angeles Lakers season. Bryant granted filmmaker Spike Lee and 30 cameras unprecedented access to his life for one day. Kobe: Doin' Work premiered on ESPN on May 16 2009.
 The Hangover Part II is a 2011 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the sequel to 2009's The Hangover and the second film in The Hangover franchise. Todd Phillips directed the film in addition to co-authoring the script with Craig Mazin and Scot Armstrong. The film stars Bradley Cooper Ed Helms Zach Galifianakis Ken Jeong Jeffrey Tambor Justin Bartha and Paul Giamatti.
 Frankenstein: Day of the Beast is a 2011 independent horror film directed by Ricardo Islas based on the novel of the same name by Mary Shelley. It premiered with a limited theatrical release in the United States on November 27 2011.
 Border Radio is a 1987 independent film directed by Allison Anders Dean Lent and Kurt Voss in which two musicians and a roadie who haven't been paid rob money from a club and one flees to Mexico leaving his wife and daughter behind. The film features music from The Flesh Eaters Green on Red John Doe The Divine Horsemen X and The Blasters.The title refers to border blaster radio stations that broadcast from Mexico into the United States.
 Amu is a critically acclaimed 2005 film directed by Shonali Bose based on her own novel by the same name. It stars Konkona Sen Sharma Brinda Karat and Ankur Khanna. The film premiered at the Berlin Film Festival and the Toronto Film Festival in 2005.
 Trópico de Sangre (English: Tropic of Blood) is a 2010 drama film based on the true story of the Dominican Republic's historic Mirabal sisters.
 This is the film of Cartoon Network's Level Up for the series see Level Up (TV series).Level Up is a 2011 made-for-TV film from Cartoon Network Studios created by Derek Guiley and David Schneiderman with the direction of Peter Lauer and aired on November 23 2011 for the United States. This film spoofed video games. Jagex and Rooster Teeth were brought in as consultants. This film is rated TV-PG-V. This movie was made as a pilot for the 2012 Cartoon Network series Level Up.
 Strange Behavior (original title Dead Kids) is a 1981 mystery horror film directed by Michael Laughlin written by Bill Condon and starring Michael Murphy. It is a homage to the pulp horror films of the 1950s. The film was intended as the first installment of the Strange Trilogy which was cancelled after the second installment Strange Invaders failed to attract a large enough audience.
 Lithivm (also known as Lithium Europe) is a Swedish horror thriller from 1998 directed by David Flamholc and Swedish voice acting veteran Fredrik Dolk and Johan Widerberg. The title of the film is a stylised spelling of Lithium which is used to treat people with schizophrenia.
 Wolves of the Street (Also Known As: The Wolves of Wall Street or Wolves in Wall Street) is a 1920 western silent film directed by Otis B. Thayer and starring Edmund Cobb and Vida Johnson. The film was shot in Englewood Colorado by the Thayer's Art-O-Graf film company. Franklyn Farnum was originally cast for the lead role but he did not appear in the completed film.
 Guns of the Law is a 1944 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.
 Tokiori - As margens do tempo is a 2013 Brazilian documentary film directed by Paulo Pastorelo. The film follows the memory of five families of Japanese immigrants who settled in Brazil in the 30s.
 Fugitives is a 1929 American drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Madge Bellamy Don Terry and Arthur Stone. Future stars Jean Harlow and Virginia Bruce both had small parts in the film.
 What a Whopper is a 1961 British comedy film written by Terry Nation from a story by Jeremy Lloyd and Trevor Peacock.It treats the subject of the Loch Ness Monster in a tongue-in-cheek fashion. It stars the pop star Adam Faith as one of a group of Englishmen who travel to Loch Ness to fake sightings of the monster.The cast includes a number of leading British film actors including Wilfrid Brambell as a local postman Sid James Charles Hawtrey and Terry Scott.
 Cool Runnings is a 1993 American sports film directed by Jon Turteltaub and starring Leon Doug E. Doug Rawle D. Lewis Malik Yoba and John Candy.
 Businessman (Guns Don't need Agreements) is a 2012 Telugu crime action film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. It stars Mahesh Babu and Kajal Agarwal in the lead roles. The film was produced by R. R. Venkat and distributed by R. R. Movie Makers. The film was also dubbed into Tamil Malayalam and Hindi languages. The film was released on 13 January 2012 and turned out to be a blockbuster. The film was dubbed and released in Tamil on 7 December 2012.
 Mazes and Monsters is a 1982 made-for-TV movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern about a group of college students and their interest in a fictitious role-playing game (RPG) of the same name. The movie starred a 26-year-old Tom Hanks in his first major leading film role.
 Our Friends the Hayseeds is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith. It centers around the rural family the Hayseeds and their rivalry with a neighbouring family the Duggans.It was Smith's first movie as a director and was a popular success at the box office leading to a number of sequels. However no known copy of it exists today and it is considered a lost film.
 The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve are two animated short films created by Seth MacFarlane in the mid 1990s that eventually led to the development of the animated sitcom Family Guy. MacFarlane originally created The Life of Larry as a thesis film in 1995 while studying at the Rhode Island School of Design. His professor at RISD submitted MacFarlane's cartoon to Hanna-Barbera where he was hired a year later.
 Once You Meet a Stranger is a 1996 Warner Bros. Television thriller directed by Tommy Lee Wallace. It is a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train. Yet in the remake the genders of the principal characters have been switched from male to female. It stars Jacqueline Bisset and premiered on CBS on 25 September 1996.
 Seventeen is a documentary film directed by Joel DeMott and Jeff Kreines. It won the Grand Jury Prize: Documentary at the 1985 Sundance Film Festival.
 Rivers of Fire and Ice or African Safari as it was alternately titled is a Crown International Pictures 1969 motion picture filmed in documentary format. Directed written and produced by wildlife photographer Ron Shanin the film is an account of a safari through wildest Africa and explores Africa's diversity ranging from scorching deserts to the frozen heights of Mt. Kilimanjaro and the life of the continent's inhabitants. The movie culminates with the eruption of Mt Kilimanjaro.
 Ché OVNI is a 1968 Argentine science-fiction musical comedy film directed by Aníbal Uset and starring Juan Carlos Altavista Javier Portales Jorge Sobral and Marcela López Rey.
 The Cry (also called La Llorona which translates to The Crying Woman) is a 2007 independent horror film directed by Bernadine Santistevan and co-written with Monique Salazar.
 Dhongee is a 1979 Bollywood film directed by Ashok Roy. The film stars Randhir Kapoor Neetu Singh Asrani Prem Nath and in a special appearanceRakesh Roshan.
 The Duke is a 1999 film. Its plot concerns a dog Hubert inheriting an English country mansion.
 By the People: The Election of Barack Obama is a 2009 documentary film produced by Edward Norton broadcast in November 2009 on HBO which follows Barack Obama and various members of his campaign team including David Axelrod through the two years leading up to the United States presidential election on November 4 2008.Proceeds from the sale of the soundtrack of this film went to United Way and Enterprise Community Partners.
 The Shock Labyrinth (戦慄迷宮) is a 2009 Japanese film directed by Takashi Shimizu. The theme song is called CLONE and is performed by Straightener.
 The Big Heat is a 1953 film noir directed by Fritz Lang starring Glenn Ford Gloria Grahame and Lee Marvin. It is about a cop who takes on the crime syndicate that controls his city after the brutal murder of his beloved wife. The film was written by former crime reporter Sydney Boehm based on a serial by William P. McGivern which appeared in the Saturday Evening Post and was published as a novel in 1952.
 The Magnificent Fraud is a 1939 American film directed by Robert Florey. Akim Tamiroff plays an actor performing in a nameless Latin American country who is pressed into service when the president is fatally injured by a bomb. Impersonating the president the actor balances the pleasures and temptations of office dangerous palace intrigue and his duty to the people of the country.
 A Friend of Cupid is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.
 Satyricon (official name: Fellini Satyricon) is a 1969 Italian fantasy drama film written and directed by Federico Fellini. It is loosely based on Petronius's work Satyricon a series of bawdy and satirical episodes written during the reign of the emperor Nero and set in imperial Rome.
 Gypsy is a 1937 British drama film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Roland Young Chili Bouchier and Hugh Williams. It based on the novel Tzigane by Lady Eleanor Smith.
 Resilience is a U.S. drama/thriller movie that was released in 2006. It was written and directed by Paul Bojack and starred Henry LeBlanc Al Rossi Julie Alexander Steve Wilcox and Amy Arce. Resilience garnered strong reviews from The New York Times Variety and Film Threat. The Library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences acquired the screenplay for its permanent core collection.
 The Lost Prince is a British television drama about the life of Prince John – youngest child of Britain's King George V and Queen Mary – who died at the age of 13 in 1919.A Talkback Thames production written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff it was originally broadcast in January 2003. It won an Emmy Award in September 2005.
 Ye Maaya Chesave (English: What magic have you done to me?) is a 2010 Telugu-language romantic drama film written and directed by Gautham Menon with dialogues by Umarji Anuradha. The film stars debutants Naga Chaitanya and Samantha Ruth Prabhu in the lead roles. It was produced by Manjula Ghattamaneni under the banner Indira Productions and features a critically acclaimed soundtrack ad background score composed by A. R. Rahman.
 Gangs of New York is a 1938 American film directed by James Cruze and written by Samuel Fuller.Crime lord Rocky Thorpe is impersonated by police officer John Franklin in order to infiltrate his organization and bring an end to it once and for all.
 Black Nativity is a 2013 American musical drama film directed by Kasi Lemmons. The script written by Lemmons is based on Langston Hughes' play of the same name and released on November 27 2013. The film stars an African American ensemble cast featuring Forest Whitaker Angela Bassett Tyrese Gibson Jennifer Hudson Mary J. Blige Jacob Latimore Vondie Curtis-Hall and Nas.
 Shake Rattle and Roll 8 is a 2006 horror film and was an entry for the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival. The film is the 8th installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll series and contains three segments.
 Fort Dodge Stampede is a 1951 western film produced and directed by Harry Keller and starring Allan Lane. This film is one of 34 'B-movie' westerns filmed between 1947 and 1953 featuring Allan 'Rocky' Lane and his horse Black Jack.
 Edge of the Axe is a 1988 made-for-TV horror film about a masked maniac murdering people in a small Northern Californian suburb.
 The Lemon Drop Kid is a 1951 comedy film based on the short story of the same name by Damon Runyon starring Bob Hope and Marilyn Maxwell and directed by Sidney Lanfield.The song Silver Bells sung by Hope and Maxwell was introduced in the film. Lanfield is credited as the director but Frank Tashlin reportedly was hired uncredited to finish the film.The story was also made as a movie in 1934 starring Lee Tracy with a bit part for actress Ann Sheridan.
 Driving Miss Wealthy (traditional Chinese: 絕世好賓; simplified Chinese: 绝世好宾; pinyin: Jué Shì Hào Bīn; Cantonese Yale: Jyut Sai Hou Ban; Literal Title: The World's Best Filipino) is a 2004 Hong Kong romantic comedy film that reunites La Brassiere's Lau Ching-Wan and Gigi Leung. In the film Lau poses a chauffeur hired to look after the spoiled rich woman played by Leung.
 Nallavanuku Nallavan (English: Good man for good man) is a Tamil film directed by SP. Muthuraman. The film was a remake of Telugu film Dharmathmudu starring Krishnam Raju. The film was later remade in Kannada as Jeevana Chakra (1985) starring Vishnuvardhan and Raadhika Sarathkumar in main roles. It was a blockbuster and completed a 152-day run at the box office.
 RoachTrip is a 46-minute 2003 Canadian documentary about two punks Roach and his friend Smash down the invisible punk highway across Canada.
 Netru Indru Naalai (English: Yesterday Today Tomorrow) is a Kollywood film starring Ravi Krishna (of 7G Rainbow Colony fame). It is made on SPR Entertainments India Private Limited Banner. Lakshmi Kanth Chenna is the director and Nukarapu Surya Prakash Rao produces the flick.
 The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a 2012 political thriller drama film based on the 2007 novel The Reluctant Fundamentalist by Mohsin Hamid directed by Mira Nair starring Riz Ahmed and Kate Hudson in lead. The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a post-9/11 film a movie about the impact on one man of the Al Qaida attacks and the American reaction to them.In 2007 Nair read the manuscript of Hamid's unpublished novel The Reluctant Fundamentalist.
 Bad Eggs is a 2003 Australian comedy movie written and directed by Tony Martin. It stars Mick Molloy Bob Franklin and Judith Lucy with Alan Brough Bill Hunter Marshall Napier Nicholas Bell Steven Vidler Shaun Micallef Robyn Nevin Brett Swain Denis Moore and Pete Smith having supporting roles.Ben Kinnear (Molloy) and Mike Paddock (Franklin) are police officers working for the Zero Tolerance Unit a special division of Victoria Police.
 Tora-san's Runaway (男はつらいよ 望郷篇 Otoko wa Tsurai yo: Bōkyō hen) aka Tora-san Homebound is a 1970 Japanese comedy film directed by Yoji Yamada. It stars Kiyoshi Atsumi as Torajirō Kuruma (Tora-san) and Aiko Nagayama as his love interest or Madonna. Tora-san's Runaway is the fifth entry in the popular long-running Otoko wa Tsurai yo series.
 Khan el khalili is a 1967 Egyptian drama film directed by Atef Salem. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Running with Scissors is a 2006 American comedy-drama film based on Augusten Burroughs' 2002 memoir of the same name written and directed by Ryan Murphy and starring Joseph Cross Annette Bening Brian Cox Joseph Fiennes Evan Rachel Wood Alec Baldwin Jill Clayburgh and Gwyneth Paltrow.
 Bang Rajan (Thai: บางระจัน) is a 2000 Thai historical drama film depicting the battles of the Siamese village of Bang Rajan against the Burmese invaders in 1767 as remembered in popular Thai culture. Cross-checking the story with the events reported by the Burmese sources indicates that the purported events at Bang Rajan are likely a merger of at least two independent events that took place in the war.The film was directed and co-written by Thanit Jitnukul.
 Yellow or Adicolor Yellow is a 2006 futuristic short film by director Neill Blomkamp written by Terri Tatchell and Blomkamp.
 The Way Back is a 2010 epic drama film directed by Peter Weir from a screenplay also by Weir and Keith Clarke. The film is inspired by The Long Walk (1955) a book by Sławomir Rawicz a Polish POW in the Soviet Gulag. It stars Jim Sturgess Colin Farrell Ed Harris and Saoirse Ronan with Alexandru Potocean Sebastian Urzendowsky Gustaf Skarsgård Dragoş Bucur and Mark Strong. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup.
 Changing the Game is a 2012 dramatic film starring Tony Todd Sean Riggs Raw Leiba Sticky Fingaz Brandon Ruckdashel and Irma P. Hall and directed by Rel Dowdell. The film was cited by the noted website FilmFresh.com as one of the top three African-American films of 2012.
 Udhaar Ki Zindagi is a 1994 Bollywood film about a father's rejection of a love marriage of his son and the granddaughter's struggle to win her grandfather's heart. It is directed and written by K.V. Raju and stars Jeetendra Moushumi Chatterjee and Kajol. The music is by Anand Chitragupth and Milind Chitragupth.It is remake of the famous Telugu film Seetharamaiah Gari Manavaralu (1991) directed by Kranthi Kumar.
 Treasure Island (French: L'île au trésor) is a 1985 Chilean-French adventure film directed by Raúl Ruiz. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival.
 Washington Story is a 1952 film.
 The Four Feathers is a 2002 action drama film directed by Shekhar Kapur starring Heath Ledger Wes Bentley Djimon Hounsou and Kate Hudson. Set during the British Army's Gordon Relief Expedition (late 1884 to early 1885) in Sudan it tells the story of a young man accused of cowardice.This film with altered plot events is the latest in a long line of cinematic adaptations of the 1902 novel The Four Feathers by A.E.W. Mason.
 Senna is a British 2010 documentary film that depicts the life and death of Brazilian motor-racing champion Ayrton Senna directed by Asif Kapadia.
 The Grace Card is a 2010 Christian drama film directed by David G. Evans. It intends to illustrate the everyday opportunities that people have to rebuild relationships and heal deep wounds by extending and receiving God’s grace. The film stars Louis Gossett Jr. Michael Higgenbottom and Michael Joiner. It was released on February 25 2011 to 363 theaters grossing $1010299 on opening weekend.
 Yamla Pagla Deewana is a 2011 Hindi comedy drama film directed by Samir Karnik featuring Dharmendra Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol in the lead roles. The film marks the second pair-up between the Deol family after their last sports hit Apne (2007). The film's title is inspired from the song Main Jat Yamla Pagla Deewana from the 1975 film Pratigya also starring Dharmendra.
 Ulavuthurai is a 1998 Tamil crime film directed by Ramesh Selvan. The film features Vijayakanth in lead roles. The film produced by Vijay Prabhakaran had musical score by newcomer Shah and was released on 14 January 1998. The film was Vijayakanth's 125th film.
 Gadjo dilo is a 1997 film directed and written by Tony Gatlif. The title means Crazy Gadjo [non-Gypsy] in Romani.Most of the film was shot at the village of Creţuleşti some kilometers from Bucharest and some of the actors are local Romani people.
 Devdas is an Bengali film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novel Devdas. This is the second Bangladeshi and fifth Bengali version of the story. It is also the first colour film version of the story in Bangladesh.
 Engel & Joe is a German film directed by Vanessa Jopp which was released on October 25 2001.
 Silver Linings Playbook is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by David O. Russell adapted from the novel The Silver Linings Playbook by Matthew Quick.
 Bhagyadevatha (Malayalam : ഭാഗ്യദേവത) (English: The Goddess of Luck) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad. The movie features Jayaram Kanika Narain and Innocent. This movie was mainly shot around the scenic Kuttanad region in Kerala.
 Sanghaganam (English: Chorus) is a 1979 Malayalam socio-political film directed by P. A. Backer based on a story by M. Sukumaran and starring Sreenivasan Ramu Karyat P. R. Nambyar and Madhu Master.
 El nido vacío (Empty Nest) is a 2008 Argentine drama film written and directed by Daniel Burman and starring Oscar Martínez and Cecilia Roth.
 Kuppathu Raja is a Tamil film is directed by Ramanna.Remake of the Hindi film Do Yaar which stars Vinod Khanna Rekha and Shatrughan Sinha. .
 Born That Way is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Randall Faye and starring Elliott Mason Kathleen Gibson and Terence De Marney. The film a quota quickie made at the Nettlefold Studios for distribution by RKO Pictures. A Scottish woman tries to take her brother-in-law's wild living children in hand.
 Anastasia is a 1956 American historical drama film directed by Anatole Litvak.
 Sooryavansham is a 1999 Bollywood drama film starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role Jayasudha Soundarya Rachana Banerjee Anupam Kher and Kader Khan. Although the film was a little above average at the box office critics hailed Amitabh Bachchan's performance as his best ever since his comeback in 1997. It is the Hindi remake of the Tamil film Suryavamsam (1997) starring Sarath Kumar and Devayani. The movie is often televised in some Indian movie channels (typically as matinee movie).
 Night Train to Munich is a 1940 British thriller film directed by Carol Reed and starring Margaret Lockwood and Rex Harrison. Written by Sidney Gilliat and Frank Launder based on the novel Report on a Fugitive by Gordon Wellesley the film is about an inventor and his daughter who are kidnapped by the Gestapo after the Nazis march into Prague during the initial days of World War II.
 When You Hear the Bells (Croatian: Kad čuješ zvona) is a 1969 Croatian war film directed by Antun Vrdoljak. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.In 1999 a poll of Croatian film critics found it to be one of the best Croatian films ever made.
 Buffalo Bill (1944) Technicolor is a biographical Western about the life of the legendary frontiersman starring Joel McCrea and Maureen O'Hara with Linda Darnell and Anthony Quinn in supporting roles.
 Courage is a drama film which was produced by Warner Bros. in 1929 and released early in 1930. The movie is based on a stage play of the same name by Tom Barry which was a hit on Broadway in 1928.
 Manolesta is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.
 My Neighbor My Killer (French: Mon voisin mon tueur) is a 2009 French-American documentary film directed by Anne Aghion that focuses on the process of the Gacaca courts a citizen-based justice system that was put into place in Rwanda after the 1994 genocide. Filmed over ten years it makes us reflect on how people can live together after such a traumatic experience.
 Shabaab (Hindi: शबाब youth) is a 1954 Bollywood movie. Made in the Hindi language and directed by M. Sadiq it stars Bharat Bhushan and Nutan.
 Bad Blood is an American drama film written and directed Michael Yebba. Starring Slaine as Billy Brand Michael Yebba as Noel Brand and Evalena Marie as Jill Brand. Produced for Bostown Entertainment by Christophe Petit and Michael Yebba
 We Come as Friends is a 2014 Austrian-French documentary film written directed and produced by Hubert Sauper. The film premiered in-competition at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival on February 8 2014. It won the Peace Film Award at the festival.The film also premiered in-competition in the World Cinema Documentary Competition at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 2014.
 City Hall is a 1996 film directed by Harold Becker. It stars Al Pacino John Cusack and Bridget Fonda. The plot follows the aftermath of the death of a boy caught in the crossfire of a shootout between a drug dealer and a detective.According to the website Box Office Mojo the film grossed an estimated $20 million in the U.S.This was Becker's second collaboration with Pacino having directed him in Sea of Love released seven years earlier.
 Road to Morocco is a 1942 American comedy film starring Bing Crosby Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour and featuring Anthony Quinn and Dona Drake. The film which was written by Frank Butler and Don Hartman and directed by David Butler for Paramount Pictures is the third of the Road to … films. The story is about two fast-talking guys castaway on a desert shore and sold into slavery to a beautiful princess.
 Gapa Hele Bi Sata (1976) is the first colour film in the Oriya Language. It was directed by Nagen Roy starring Harish Mohapatra and Banaja Mohanty. The story was penned by Basant Mohapatra and screenplayed by P.D. Shenoy.
 Yasemin is a 1988 German-language film directed by Hark Bohm. The international co-production of Turkey and West Germany was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 61st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but didn't obtain a nomination. It was also entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Gie is a 2005 Indonesian film directed by Riri Riza. The film tells the story of Soe Hok Gie a graduate from University of Indonesia who is known as an activist and nature lover. The film is based on a diary Catatan Seorang Demonstran written by Soe himself. The plot of this film is an interpretation of the filmmakers and scenes portraying Soe's private life may be partly fictionalised for dramatisation.
 The Gift to Stalin is a 2008 Kazakhstani film that tells the story of a little boy named Sasha who is sent to Kazakhstan. He is saved from death by an old Kazakh man Kasym who takes the boy to his home. The film is set in 1949. The title The Gift to Stalin has two significances. In 1949 the Soviet government carried out a nuclear test for the anniversary of Joseph Stalin’s 70th birthday. Many innocent people fell victims to the nuclear test. The other significance is about Sasha’s dream.
 Invitation to the Dance is a 1956 anthology film consisting of three distinct stories all starring and directed by Gene Kelly.The film is unusual in that it has no spoken dialogue with the characters performing their roles entirely through dance and mime.
 Afrodite Superstar is an American independent art film shot in New York City in 2006. The film has also been referred to as erotica. The director also refers to the film as an experimental film as the characters break the fourth wall and there is a blend of satire. Afrodite Superstar was directed by Venus Hottentot. Executive producer Candida Royalle is also credited with directing the sexual scenes.
 Flagpole Jitters is the 169th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 The Cement Garden is a 1993 British drama film directed by Andrew Birkin. It is based on the 1978 novel of the same name written by Ian McEwan. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival where Birkin won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
 Michael is a 2011 Austrian drama film directed by Markus Schleinzer which resembles the famous Natascha Kampusch case from the offender's viewpoint. It premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Colpo di fulmine (Love at First Sight) is a 1985 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Risi.
 The Prince and the Pauper is a lost 1915 silent film adventure based on the novel by Mark Twain and starring Marguerite Clark. The film was produced by the Famous Players Film Company and was directed by Edwin S. Porter and Hugh Ford.
 Kante Koothurne Kanu (Telugu: కంటే కూతుర్నే కను) is a 2000 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Dasari Narayana Rao.
 Near Dublin is a 1924 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.
 Pollyanna is a 1920 American melodrama/comedy film starring Mary Pickford directed by Paul Powell and based upon an Eleanor H. Porter novel. It was Pickford's first motion picture for United Artists. It became a major success and would be regarded as one of Pickford's most defining pictures. The film grossed $1.1 million (the equivalent of more than $10 million in 2008).
 La Resistencia is a 1972 Argentine film.
 La Piel del amor is a 1973 Argentine film.
 It Comes Up Love is a 1943 American black and white musical comedy starring Gloria Jean Ian Hunter and Donald O'Connor. It is the only film starring Jean and O'Connor that doesn't also star Peggy Ryan another one of the talented teenagers at Universal Studios.
 Bollywood Queen is a British Indian take on the William Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet directed by Jeremy Wooding and starring Preeya Kalidas and James McAvoy in the lead roles. Produced by Jeremy Wooding the film was released in 2003.
 Story of A Young Couple (German: 'Roman einer jungen Ehe') is an East German film directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was released in 1952.
 La Belle Histoire (1992) is a French film directed by Claude Lelouch featuring Gérard Lanvin and Béatrice Dalle.
 Jiro Dreams of Sushi is a 2011 American documentary film directed by David Gelb. The film follows Jiro Ono (小野 二郎 Ono Jirō) an 85-year-old sushi master and owner of Sukiyabashi Jiro a Michelin three-star restaurant on his continuing quest to perfect the art of sushi. The film also profiles Jiro's two sons both of whom are also sushi chefs. The younger son Takashi (隆士) left Sukiyabashi Jiro to open a mirror image of his father's restaurant in Roppongi Hills.
 Her Jungle Love is a 1938 American adventure film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Dorothy Lamour. Portions of the film were shot at Palm Springs California.
 The Parallax View is a 1974 American dramatic thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula and starring Warren Beatty Hume Cronyn William Daniels and Paula Prentiss. The film was adapted by David Giler Lorenzo Semple Jr and an uncredited Robert Towne from the 1970 novel by Loren Singer.
 Aadi is a Kannada romance film released in 2005 written and directed M. S. Ramesh. It was produced by Jai Jagadish and Vijayalakshmi Singh under Sri Lakshmi Entertainers Pvt Ltd banner. Auditya and Ramya appeared in lead roles.
 Eat My Dust! is a 1976 action film from New World Pictures starring Ron Howard.
 Bawre Nain is 1950 Bollywood romance film directed by Kidar Nath Sharma.
 Anokha Rishta is a 1986 Hindi film directed by prominent Malayalam director I.V. Sasi and starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead supported by Smita Patil Sabeeha Tanuja Shafi Inamdar Satish Shah and Karan Shah. A remake of the director's own 1984 Malayalam film Kanamarayathu the story revolves around three characters played by Rajesh Khanna Smita Patil and Sabeeha. The original film was written by prominent Malayalam writer P.
 Redux Riding Hood is a 15-minute animated short film directed by Steve Moore and produced by Disney in 1997 that received an Oscar nomination for Best Animated Short Film.The film was produced with cel animation and 2-D collage elements a look developed by production designer John Kleber.
 I Live in Grosvenor Square is a British war film directed and produced by Herbert Wilcox—a forerunner of his London films collaboration with his wife actress Anna Neagle. The film deploys a tragi-comic plot in a context of US-British wartime co-operation and displays icons of popular music with the purpose of harmonising relationships on both sides of the Atlantic.
 Hoot is a 2006 American family comedy film based on Carl Hiaasen's novel of the same name. It was written and directed by Wil Shriner and produced by New Line Cinema and Walden Media. The film was released on May 5 2006.The film is about a group of children trying to save a burrowing owl habitat from destruction. The habitat is located on the intended construction site of a pancake house.
 The Deal is a 2008 American satirical comedy film directed by Steven Schachter. The screenplay by Schachter and William H. Macy is based on the 1991 novel of the same title by Peter Lefcourt. Macy and Meg Ryan co-star.The film was shot in Cape Town and other South African locations. It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was the opening night attraction at the Sarasota Film Festival.
 Doña Clarines is a 1950 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 Salinger is a 2013 documentary film about the writer J. D. Salinger written and directed by Shane Salerno.The film was one of the top-ten highest-grossing documentaries of 2013.The film holds an audience approval rating of 4 out of 5 stars from over 75000 votes on Netflix.
 Aruvadai Naal is a 1986 Tamil romantic drama film directed by G. M. Kumar. The film features Prabhu and Pallavi in lead roles. The film produced by Shanthi Narayanasamy and T. Manohar had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 1 November 1986.
 Waiting for the Moon is a 1987 Twentieth Century Fox film about Gertrude Stein and her lover and assistant Alice B. Toklas played by Linda Bassett and Linda Hunt. Set in the 1930s it depicts the two women meeting Picasso and his lover Fernande Olivier (played by Bernadette Lafont) as well as the authors Ernest Hemingway (Bruce McGill) and Guillaume Apollinaire (Jacques Boudet). The film was written by Mark Magill and directed by Jill Godmilow.
 L'Amore Primitivo (Aka: Primitive Love U.S.) is a 1964 Italian comedy film that starred Jayne Mansfield Mickey Hargitay Franco Franchi Ciccio Ingrassia and Carlo Kechler.
 Aadi is a Telugu film released in 2002 with Jr. NTR in the main lead. V.V. Vinayak directed this movie. This hit film stands second in Jr. NTR's career right behind Simhadri. It was also remade in Tamil as Jai with Prashanth. This film led both the actor NTR JR and director V.V. Vinayak into instant stardom[citation needed]. The film collected about 220 million rupees. The film is dubbed in Hindi as Mazduron Ka Daata.
 A Matter of Loaf and Death is a comedy clay animation murder mystery film created by Nick Park and the fourth of his shorts to star his characters Wallace and Gromit. Released in 2008 it is the first Wallace and Gromit project since the feature film Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in 2005 and the first short since A Close Shave in 1995.A Matter of Loaf and Death is a mock murder mystery with Wallace and Gromit starting a new bakery business.
 Marie-Chantal contre le docteur Kha is a 1965 spy film directed by Claude Chabrol.
 The Secret Rapture is a 1993 British drama film directed by Howard Davies. The screenplay by David Hare is based on his 1988 play of the same title.
 Out in the Silence is a 2009 documentary film by Joe Wilson and Dean Hamer. It chronicles the chain of events that occur when the severe bullying of a gay teen draws Wilson and his partner back to the conservative rural community of Oil City Pennsylvania where their own same-sex wedding announcement had previously ignited a controversy.
 Cocktail is a 2010 Malayalam thriller film edited and directed by Arun Kumar. The film stars Jayasurya Anoop Menon Samvrutha Sunil Fahadh Faasil Innocent and Mamukkoya. It is co-written by Anoop Menon and is an uncredited remake of the Canadian film Butterfly on a Wheel. It was the directorial debut of film editor Arun Kumar.
 Basta't Kasama Kita (As Long As I'm With You) is a 1995 Filipino film produced by Star Cinema directed by Rory Quintos.
 Elmer the Great is a 1933 drama directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Joe E. Brown and Patricia Ellis. Joe E. Brown plays Elmer Kane a rookie ballplayer with the Chicago Cubs whose ego is matched only by his appetite. Because he is not only vain but naive Elmer's teammates take great delight in pulling practical jokes on him.
 For the 1924 feature film about Lincoln directed by Phil Rosen and written by Frances Marion see The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln.Abraham Lincoln (1924) is a short film made in the Phonofilm sound-on-film process. The film was directed by J. Searle Dawley produced by Lee DeForest is based on the 1918 play Abraham Lincoln by John Drinkwater and stars Frank McGlynn Sr. as Lincoln.
 Luxury Car (Chinese: 江城夏日; pinyin: Jiāng chéng xià rì; literally River City Summer Days) is a 2006 film directed by Wang Chao. The film was produced by China's Bai Bu Ting Media and France's Rosem Films and in association with Arte France Cinéma.Luxury Car premiered on May 22 2006 at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival where it won the side competition for the Prix un certain regard.
 Zombie Bloodbath is a 1993 American horror film directed by Todd Sheets.
 He's in Again is a 1918 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.
 Pterodactyl Woman from Beverly Hills is a 1997 Troma film directed by Philippe Mora.
 Revizor is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1933.
 Sun Seekers (German: Sonnensucher) is an East German film directed by Konrad Wolf during 1958. It was banned and subsequently released only in 1972.
 West of Zanzibar is a 1954 British adventure film directed by Harry Watt and starring Anthony Steel Sheila Sim and Edric Connor.It is a sequel to Where No Vultures Fly (1951) from the same director and producer and continues the adventures of game warden Bob Payton played again by Anthony Steel.
 The Night God Screamed is an American psychological suspense film also classified as a horror film independently made on a low budget by Lasky/Carlin Productions (producers Ed Carlin and Gil Lasky with Lasky writing the screenplay). Due to the sensitivities connected with displaying such a provocative title theater owners in some communities were offered the option of using the short appellation Scream.
 For the novel by Robert Cormier see The Bumblebee Flies Anyway (novel)The Bumblebee Flies Anyway is a 1999 film starring Elijah Wood directed by Martin Duffy. It was based on the novel of the same name by Robert Cormier.
 Dead Fury is a 2008 American animated comedy-horror parody written and directed by Frank Sudol with Sudol also doing all animation music and voice characterizations. The film debuted at the Philadelphia Film Festival April 9 2008 and was released on DVD August 5 2008 through Unearthed Films.
 Quiero llenarme de ti is a 1969 Argentine film.
 Soldier Blue is a 1970 American Revisionist Western movie directed by Ralph Nelson and inspired by events of the 1864 Sand Creek massacre in the Colorado Territory. The screenplay was written by John Gay based on the novel Arrow in the Sun by Theodore V. Olsen (republished as Soldier Blue after the movie was released). It starred Candice Bergen Peter Strauss and Donald Pleasence.
 The Dark Side of the Mind is a science fiction/drama short film by Giacomo Mantovani. It was created in July 2012 and entered into the Virgin Media Shorts competition. The film uses a variety of differing genre styles to demonstrate the internal conflicts of the human race. It centres around two characters Duncan and Gunda who through unexplained means have concocted a piece of technology capable of wiping out the entire human race.
 Springtime in the Rockies is a 1937 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry Smiley Burnette and Polly Rowles. Written by Gilbert Wright and Betty Burbridge the film is about a beautiful young ranch owner who brings a flock of sheep into cattle country and faces the opposition of local ranchers with the help of her ranch foreman.
 Our Miss Fred is a 1972 British comedy film starring Danny La Rue and set during World War II. The film was also known by its video release titles Beyond the Call of Duty (Canada) and Operation: Fred (US). In the 1960s La Rue was one of the highest paid entertainers in Britain but this represents his only starring role in a feature film.
 Waris Shah: Ishq Daa Waaris (Punjabi: ਵਾਰਿਸ ਸ਼ਾਹ: ਇਸ਼ਕ ਦਾ ਵਾਰਿਸ) is a 2006 Punjabi film directed by Manoj Punj starring Gurdas Maan Juhi Chawla and Divya Dutta in lead roles. It is about the life of legendary Punjabi poet Waris Shah during the times when he wrote the poem Heer. The movie was internationally acclaimed and won four awards at 54th National Film Awards.
 Hisab Nikas(Oriya: ହିସାବ ନିକାଶ ) (1982) is an Oriya film was released in 1982. Produced Directed Story Screenplay by Prashant Nanda Music has been arranged by Prafulla Kar the movie featured Prashant Nanda Sriram Panda Mahasweta Roy Jharana Das Biren Routray & Deepa Sahu. It was the first Cinemascope movie in oriya cinema history.
 Marbella is a 1985 Spanish caper film set in the town of Marbella starring Rod Taylor and Britt Ekland.
 Silent Night Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out! is a 1989 slasher film directed by Monte Hellman. A direct-to-video release the film is the second sequel to the 1984 film Silent Night Deadly Night and centers around the Christmas-obsessed killer Ricky Caldwell awakening from a coma and stalking a blind teenager with psychic powers while she travels to her grandmother's house for the Christmas holiday with her brother and his girlfriend.
 Sunrise over Lake Van (Armenian: Vanatzovun Arshaluyse) is a 2011 Armenian drama film directed by Artak Igityan and Vahan Stepanyan. The film was screened at the 2011 Golden Apricot International Film Festival.
 A Map of the World is a drama released in the year 1999 based on the novel of the same name by Jane Hamilton. It was directed by Scott Eliott. The movie stars Sigourney Weaver Julianne Moore and David Strathairn. Sigourney Weaver was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama.
 13 lat 13 minut is a Polish historical film. It was released in 2006.Romek Strzałkowski and Peter Mansfeld were young boys during the Poznań 1956 protests and Budapest 1956. Romek was the youngest victim.
 Vice and Virtue (original French title: Le Vice et la Vertu) is a 1963 war-time French film starring Annie Girardot as Juliette (Vice) Robert Hossein as the sadistic German officer and Catherine Deneuve in her first notable film role as Justine (Virtue).It was directed by Roger Vadim and inspired by some of Marquis de Sade's characters.
 Zindagi is a 1940 Indian Bollywood film directed by P.C. Barua. It was the highest grossing Indian film of 1940. The music by Pankaj Mullick features songs such as 'So ja Rajkumari' and 'Jeevan asha hai'. The film has been described as one of Barua's most beautiful films and his last for New Theatres. The film revolves around Ratan (K.L. Saigal) an unemployed university graduate.
 The Tell-Tale Heart is a 1960 British horror film directed by Ernest Morris produced by The Danzigers. The screenplay by Brian Clemens and Eldon Howard is a loose adaptation of the 1843 short story of the same title by Edgar Allan Poe.
 Forbidden Fruit is a 2000 German/Zimbabwean short documentary film written and directed by Sue Maluwa-Bruce. Filmed in Zimbabwe the film depicts the romantic relationship between two women and the aftermath of the discovery of their relationship.
 Cape Karma is a 2007 adult thriller drama film directed by Pankaj Advani with a “dark secrets” plot shot in Scotland. Surprisingly for an Indian production it contains topless nude scenes.
 The City of Lost Children (French: La Cité des enfants perdus) is a 1995 French-German-Spanish science fantasy drama film directed by Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet and starring Ron Perlman who does not speak French and repeated his lines phonetically as given to him by Caro. The film is stylistically related to the previous and subsequent Jeunet films Delicatessen and Amélie. The music score was composed by Angelo Badalamenti. It was entered into the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
 Taxi to the Dark Side is a 2007 documentary film directed by American filmmaker Alex Gibney and produced by Eva Orner and Susannah Shipman which won the 2007 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
 Canasta uruguaya (Uruguayan Basket) is a 1951 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.
 Cobb is a 1994 biopic starring Tommy Lee Jones as the famed baseball player Ty Cobb. It was written and directed by Ron Shelton and was based on a book by Al Stump. The original music score was composed by Elliot Goldenthal.
 A Bullet for Pretty Boy is a 1970 American feature film from director Larry Buchanan. It stars Fabian Forte as gangster Pretty Boy Floyd.
 Blood from the Mummy's Tomb is a 1971 British film starring Andrew Keir Valerie Leon and James Villiers. This was director Seth Holt's final film and was loosely adapted from Bram Stoker's novel The Jewel of Seven Stars. The film was released as the support feature to Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde.
 Night of the Quarter Moon is a 1959 film about a man who learns his wife is half black.
 Pudhaiyal (Tamil: புதையல்) is a Tamil film that starring Sivaji Ganesan and Padmini in the lead roles. The film was released in the year 1957.
 Jaali Note (English: Fake Currency) is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Shakti Samanta based on theme of counterfeit money. It stars Dev Anand along with Madhubala Om Prakash Madan Puri and Helen.Films' music was by O.P. Nayyar which became very popular.
 Extravagance is a 1930 American film directed by Phil Rosen.
 The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns is a 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie. It stars Randy Quaid Colm Meaney Kieran Culkin Roger Daltrey Caroline Carver and Whoopi Goldberg.
 Love Thy Neighbour (Danish: Elsk... din næste! German: Vergiß nicht deine Frau zu küssen ) is a 1967 Danish-German comedy film directed by Egil Kolstø and starring Walter Giller.
 The Blue Collar Worker and the Hairdresser in a Whirl of Sex and Politics (Italian: Metalmeccanico e parrucchiera in un turbine di sesso e politica also known as The Worker and the Hairdresser) is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Lina Wertmüller.
 Son of India is a 1931 American romance film directed by Jacques Feyder. The film is based on the 1882 novel Mr. Issacs written by Francis Marion Crawford.
 Rêves de poussière (English: Dreams of Dust or Buried Dreams) is a 2006 film by director Laurent Salgues.
 Chiquititas: Rincón de luz (English: Tiny Angels: Corner of Light) is a 2001 Argentine fantasy-adventure film directed by José Luis Massa and written by Alex Ferrara and Walter Ferrara. It stars Romina Yan and is a feature film of the Chiquititas successful telenovela series which began on Argentine television in 1995.
 Anna Boleyn is a 1920 German historical film directed by Ernst Lubitsch. It starred Henny Porten as Anne Boleyn and Emil Jannings as King Henry VIII.
 Die Tunisreise is a 2007 documentary film.
 If I Had Known I Was a Genius is a film directed by Dominique Wirtschafter and written by Markus Redmond (who also stars in the film). The film premiered January 23 2007 at the Sundance Film Festival.
 Swing is a 2010 short film on anti-smoking directed by Abhinav Kamal. The film stars Amrita neve in the female lead. DOP of the film has been carried out by Rajesh K.The short film has received various award which includes The Best Short Film Award in the festival Hollywood Boulevard conducted in connection with Liba Chrysalis LIBA Chennai. The film was judged by the famous Tamil film actor director Cheran. The film has been produced by Ten Motion Arts.
 Chattanooga Choo Choo is a 1984 film released as a light summer comedy featuring the eponymous train starring Barbara Eden and George Kennedy.The film follows the story of football team owner Burt (Kennedy) who will inherit one million dollars from a railroad tycoon if he can successfully drive a steam train from New York City to its namesake of Chattanooga Tennessee in 24 hours.
 War in the Kitchen (Romanian: Război în bucătărie) is a Romanian film drama by Marius Theodor Barna. The film was produced in 2001 by Ager Film in collaboration with Televiziunea Română (TVR). It stars Gheorghe Dinică as the main actor.
 Head of State is a 2003 comedy film directed written by and starring Chris Rock and co-starring Bernie Mac. The film's title refers to that function of the President of the United States the other two functions being head of government and commander in chief.
 A Man Who Was Superman (Hangul: 슈퍼맨이었던 사나이; RR: Syupeomaen-ieotteon sanai) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Jeong Yoon-chul. The film applies techniques of Magical realism to problems arising from the Narcissism of small differences that plagues the modern Korean conscience.
 El Torneo de la muerte (The Tournament of Death) is a 1960 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.
 Cherish is a 2002 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Finn Taylor. It premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 14 2002 and had a limited theatrical release June 7 of that same year. The Region 1 DVD was originally released June 1 2004 and then re-released on October 25 2005 with new cover art.
 Clear History is an American HBO comedy film written by Larry David Alec Berg David Mandel and Jeff Schaffer directed by Greg Mottola and starring Larry David Kate Hudson Danny McBride Philip Baker Hall Jon Hamm Michael Keaton Eva Mendes Amy Ryan Bill Hader and J. B. Smoove. The film was released on August 10 2013.
 Wedding in Blood (French: Les Noces rouges) is a 1973 French thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol. It was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
 The Beginning is a skateboarding film by Birdhouse Skateboards which features the professionals and amateurs of Birdhouse. The film was released on October 12 2007. The film starts out with Jean Postec Tony Hawk and Shaun White on a vert ramp in the middle of a desert displaying their vert skills. After that it shows the street skaters of Birdhouse taking bails that they land later on in the film. Professional skateboarder Shaun White does not have his own video part in the video.
 Vakil Saheb is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.
 12 Dates of Christmas is a television film starring Amy Smart and Mark-Paul Gosselaar. It premiered on ABC Family on December 11 2011 in their 25 Days of Christmas programming block. It is directed by James Hayman.
 Thiruvannamalai is a Tamil language action film released in 2008. It stars Arjun Sarja Pooja Gandhi and Karunaas in the lead roles. The film was a below-average grosser. The film was later dubbed in Hindi as Main Hoon Vinashak.
 A Time for Justice is a 1994 American short documentary film produced by Charles Guggenheim. It won an Academy Award in 1995 for Documentary Short Subject. The film was produced by Guggenheim and the Southern Poverty Law Center.This 38-minute film narrated by Julian Bond and featuring John Lewis presents a short history of the civil rights movement using historical footage and spoken accounts of participants.
 Seasons Change (Thai: เพราะอากาศเปลี่ยนแปลงบ่อย or Phror arkad plian plang boi) is 2006 Thai romantic comedy film directed by Nithiwat Tharathorn.
 Moonstalker is an Independent Film/slasher/suspense movie. It is directed by Michael O'Rourke (who doubled as screenwriter) and stars Dr. Ernest Abernathy Blake Gibbons John Marzilli and Kelly Mullis.
 Quick (Hangul: 퀵; RR: Qwik) is a 2011 South Korean contemporary action comedy film.
 Drei Mann auf einem Pferd is a 1957 West German film directed by Kurt Meisel.
 Down by the Riverside is a 2007 New Zealand independent film noir horror film produced and directed by Brad Davison and Marama Killen and written by Davison and Killen with Joe Hitchcock.
 People of the Cumberland is a 1937 short film directed by Sidney Meyers and Jay Leyda and produced by Frontier Films. The film is designed to support the U.S. labor union movement and it mixes non-fiction filmmaking and dramatic re-enactions.
 Yudh is a 1985 Indian Bollywood action thriller film which is produced by Gulshan Rai and marks the directorial debut of his son Rajiv Rai. The film features a large star cast including Jackie Shroff Anil Kapoor (in a dual role) Tina Munim Pran Danny Denzongpa Nutan Shatrughan Sinha and Hema Malini.
 A Police Superintendent Accuses (Romanian: Un comisar acuză) is a 1973 Romanian crime drama film by Sergiu Nicolaescu. The film is based on a true event the Jilava Massacre which took place during World War II.
 Valley of Flowers (La Vallée des fleurs) Valley of Flowers is a 2006 French-German-Indian Independent Film directed by Indian director Pan Nalin starring Indian actors Milind Soman Naseeruddin Shah and French actress Mylene Jampanoi in the leading roles.
 Brush with Fate was a made-for-TV film debuted on February 2 2003 on CBS. It followed the life of an imaginary painting by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer as it passes through the hands of various people.
 'n Schot in de Roos is a 1983 Dutch film directed by Willem van Batenburg.
 Police Academy: Mission to Moscow (a.k.a. Police Academy 7) is a 1994 comedy crime film starring George Gaynes Michael Winslow David Graf and Claire Forlani (in her feature film debut). It is the seventh and final film in the Police Academy series. It was directed by Alan Metter and written by Randolph Davis and Michele S. Chodos based on characters created by Neal Israel and Pat Proft.
 One Day in the Future (Turkish: Gelecekten Bir Gün) is a 2010 Turkish comedy film directed by Boğaçhan Dündar featuring Hayrettin Karaoğuz as a man who is shown his unrealised future by two angels after committing suicide. The film went on general release across the country on January 15 2010 (2010-01-15).
 The Man Behind the Gun is a 1953 Western film starring Randolph Scott about the establishment of the city of Los Angeles.
 Chronicle of Poor Lovers (Italian: Cronache di poveri amanti) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.
 Demon Fighter is a 1983 Taiwanese film written by Gu Long. The film was directed by Chang Peng-i and starring Adam Cheng and Brigitte Lin. Alternative release titles for the film include: Orchids of Midnight; Night Orchid; Thirteen Moon Sword; Lone Ninja Warrior and Faster Blade Poisonous Darts.
 Jaadugar (English: Magician) is a 1989 Hindi fantasy thriller drama film directed by Prakash Mehra and starring Amitabh Bachchan Jaya Prada Aditya Pancholi Amrita Singh Amrish Puri and Pran. Prakash Mehra and Amitabh Bachchan collaborated for the eighth time on this movie (previous movies being: Zanjeer Khoon Pasina Hera Pheri Muqaddar Ka Sikander Laawaris Namak Halal and Sharaabi). This was last collaboration between Prakash Mehra and Amitabh Bachchan.
 President Gari Pellam is a 1992 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and produced by V.Doraswami Raju under the banner VMC Productions. The film stars Nagarjuna and Meena in the lead roles.
 Sandstorm (French: Vent de sable Arabic: Rih al-raml‎) is a 1982 Algerian drama film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Algerian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Shakha Proshakha (Bengali: শাখা প্রশাখা) is a 1990 Satyajit Ray film. It deals with four generations of a well-to-do Bengali family with a focus on the third generation.
 Minority Report is a 2002 American neo-noir science fiction thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg and loosely based on the short story of the same name by Philip K. Dick. It is set primarily in Washington D.C. and Northern Virginia in the year 2054 where PreCrime a specialized police department apprehends criminals based on foreknowledge provided by three psychics called precogs.
 Taaalismaan is an upcoming Hindi romantic fantasy adventure film directed by Ram Madhwani produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra and written by Vidhu Vinod Chopra Ram Madhvani and Swanand Kirkire. Starring Amitabh Bachchan in the leading role. It is based on the epic novel Chandrakanta written by Devaki Nandan Khatri in 1892. As of May 2012 the movie has been shelved owing to finance issues.
 Pukar (Urdu: پُکر Hindi: पुकार) is a 1939 Urdu film produced and directed by Sohrab Modi at production house Minerva movietone. The film is about Mughal emperor Jehangir's legendary justice and focuses how Jehangir offers himself to be killed when a washerwoman accuses the empress Noorjehan (Naseem Bano) of killing her husband in a hunt.The movie is a typical Sohrab Modi production (which always seemed to be historical) with heavy and lengthy Urdu dialogues said in a loud and dramatic style.
 Lock Up Your Daughters! is a 1969 British historical comedy film directed by Peter Coe and starring Christopher Plummer Susannah York and Ian Bannen. It is an adaptation of the stage musical of the same name set in Eighteenth century Britain. It lacks all the songs from the original stage production. It was one of a number of British costume films released in the wake of the success of the 1963 film Tom Jones.
 The Mistress (German: Die Geliebte) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Edda Croy Harry Liedtke and Eugen Burg. It was based on a play by Alexander Brody. It was the first film Wiene made after returning to Germany after two years working in Austria although the film's location shooting was done in Vienna where the story is set.
 To Kill a Dragon (Russian: Убить дракона) is a 1988 Russian-German film-parable based on the play of Evgeny Shvarts Dragon (1942–44).
 La minorenne is a 1974 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Silvio Amadio. The author Adriano Tentori referred to the film as a piece of the history of costume of the seventies where the body of Gloria Guida goes into the chair.
 Roma come Chicago (internationally released as Rome like Chicago and Bandits in Rome) is a 1968 Italian crime film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Becoming Dick is a 2000 comedy film starring Harland Williams and directed by Bob Saget.
 Il giovane normale (also known as Normal Young Man) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.It is based on the novel with the same name written by Umberto Simonetta.
 Jönssonligan & den svarta diamanten (English: The Johnson Gang & the Black Diamond) is a Swedish film about the gang Jönssonligan made in 1992. It's the first film not to feature the original gang leader Sickan played by Gösta Ekman.
 Horror is a 2002 horror film written and directed by Dante Tomaselli. The movie stars Danny Lopes as the leader of a gang of drug addicts that escapes after making a bloody escape from a drug rehabilitation hospital only to encounter demonic entities.
 Fire (Hindi: Phāyar फायर) is a 1996 film directed and written by Deepa Mehta and starring Shabana Azmi and Nandita Das. It is the first installment of Mehta's Elements trilogy. It is followed by Earth (1998) and Water (2005).The film is loosely based on Ismat Chugtai's 1941 story Lihaf (The Quilt). It was one of the first mainstream films in India to explicitly show homosexual relations.
 Ovosodo is a 1997 Italian comedy film written and directed by Paolo Virzi.
 The Lion and the Mouse is a lost 1919 silent film produced and released by the Vitagraph Company of America. It was directed by Tom Terriss and based on the famous Charles Klein play. Alice Joyce starred.
 For One Night is a 2006 film is based on the true story of Gerica McCrary who made headlines in 2002 by getting Taylor County High School in her hometown of Butler Georgia to integrate the prom after thirty-one years of segregation. It stars Raven-Symoné as Briana McCallister and Aisha Tyler as Desiree Howard. The movie was filmed in summer 2005 in Louisiana just before Hurricane Katrina.The movie was written by Dee Harris-Lawrence.
 Muqabla is 1993 Hindi film directed by T. Rama Rao and starring Karishma Kapoor Govinda Paresh Rawal. Other cast include Shakti Kapoor Aditya Pancholi Asrani Aruna Irani and Farha Naaz.
 A Liar's Autobiography: The Untrue Story of Monty Python's Graham Chapman is a 2012 British animated comedy film that is a completely inaccurate portrayal of the life of Monty Python alumnus Graham Chapman. The film is loosely based on A Liar's Autobiography: Volume VI a book written by Chapman and David Sherlock. The film received a limited theatrical release on 2 November 2012 in the United States and aired on the Epix TV channel on the same day.
 Stranded is a 2002 television adventure drama film directed by Charles Beeson based on Johann David Wyss's novel The Swiss Family Robinson. It starred Liam Cunningham Brana Bajic Roger Allam and Jesse Spencer.
 Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould is an award-winning 1993 film about the pianist Glenn Gould played by Colm Feore. The film's screenplay was written by François Girard (who also directed) and Don McKellar.The film does not present a single narrative rather a series of thirty-one short films.
 Arima neko aka Ghost Cat of Arima (Kaiden arima neko) is a black-and-white 1937 Japanese horror film directed by Shigeru Kito.
 Sea Shadow is a 2011 Emirati coming-of-age film written by Mohammed Hassan Ahmed and directed by Nawaf Al-Janahi. The film was the first from Image Nation to be filmed in the United Arab Emirates. The film premiered at the Abu Dhabi Film Festival in October 2011 and was released in theaters throughout the Gulf Arab states in November 2011. It premiered in the United States at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in January 2012.
 Nosotros los feos (We the Ugly) is a 1972 Mexican film. It stars Sara García.
 The Bostonians is a 1984 Merchant Ivory film based on Henry James's novel of the same name. The film stars Vanessa Redgrave Christopher Reeve Madeleine Potter and Jessica Tandy. The movie received respectable reviews and showings at arthouse theaters in New York London and other cities.
 Prem Nazirine Kanmanilla is a 1983 Malayalam crime film starring Vijay Menon Maniyanpilla Raju and Sreenivasan who play as kidnappers of Prem Nazir. Other supporting actors include Mammootty Shankar and Nedumudi Venu. The movie also shows the Kerala society and its political leadership and how various people behave during such a tragic event.
 Teecha Baap Tyacha Baap (Marathi: तिचा बाप त्याचा बाप) is a Marathi film directed by Atul Kale and starring Abhishek Sethiya Mrinmayee Godbole in the lead roles. It also stars Arun Nalawade Sachin Pilgaonkar supporting roles. The film is produced under Dar Motion Pictures Dar Motion Picture.
 The Blue Lamp is a British crime film released in early 1950 by Ealing Studios directed by Basil Dearden and produced by Michael Balcon. It stars Jack Warner as police constable George Dixon Jimmy Hanley and Dirk Bogarde in an early role.
 Son of Geronimo (1952) was the 50th film serial released by Columbia Pictures. It is based in the historical figure of Geronimo prominent Native American leader of the Chiricahua Apache who defended his people against the encroachment of the United States on their tribal lands for over 25 years.
 Delicious (1931) is a Gershwin musical romantic comedy film starring Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell directed by David Butler with color sequences in Multicolor (now lost).
 Lady Cop & Papa Crook (Chinese: 大搜查之女; pinyin: Da sou zha zhi nu; Cantonese Yale: Daai sau cha ji neui) is a 2009 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong and starring Sammi Cheng and Eason Chan. Chan plays the kingpin of a red diesel crime ring who is forced to team up and cooperate with a hot-tempered police officer (Cheng) when his son is kidnapped thus beginning an unlikely alliance between fellow police officers and criminals.
 Taras Bulba is a 1962 film loosely based on Nikolai Gogol's short novel Taras Bulba starring Yul Brynner in the title role and Tony Curtis as his son Andrei leaders of a Cossack clan on the Ukrainian steppes. The film was directed by J. Lee Thompson. The story line of the film is considerably different from that of Gogol's novel although it is closer to the 1842 (pro-Russian Imperial) edition than the original version (pro-Ukrainian) version (1832).
 Ringtone is a 2010 Malayalam film by Ajmal starring Suresh Gopi Bala and debutant Megha Nair.
 Growth is a 2010 American horror film written and directed by Gabriel Cowan.
 No No: A Dockumentary is a 2014 American documentary film directed and produced by Jeff Radice. The film premiered in competition category of U.S. Documentary Competition program at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20 2014.
 Brindavana is a 2013 Indian Kannada action film starring Darshan Karthika Nair and Milana Nagaraj in the lead roles while Saikumar and Sampath Raj play other pivotal roles. The film a remake of Telugu film Brindavanam (2010) is directed by K. Madesh and produced by Suresh Gowda under the Sri Seethabaireshwara Productions banner. The soundtrack and score was composed by V. Harikrishna and the cinematography was by Ramesh Babu.
 Freeze Frame is a 1992 television film directed by William Bindley.
 The Priestess (Armenian: Քրմուհին Qrmuhin) written by Chaldranian and renown Armenian screenwriter Anahit Aghasaryan draws inspiration from an anonymous woman recorded in the mysterious Fourth Century manuscript 'The History by Armenian historian Agathangelos. The film is set in Armenia in present day Yerevan with scenes to the ancient past circa 301 AD a time when pagan gods and priestesses ruled the nation.
 Cast Away is a 2000 American adventure drama film directed and produced by Robert Zemeckis and starring Tom Hanks as a FedEx employee stranded on an uninhabited island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific. The film depicts his attempts to survive on the island using remnants of his plane's cargo. The film was a critical and commercial success and Hanks was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards for his performance.
 Sucedió en La Habana (It Happened in Havana) is a 1938 Mexican-Cuban film. It stars Carlos Orellana.One of the must successful and ambitious Cuban film during the 1930s. The film it's a combination of music romance and comedy in a guided tour in Havana's hottest night spots.
 Ami Aadu formerly titled Aadur Prem is a 2011 Bengali film produced by New Theatres and directed by Somnath Gupta. In this film the protagonist Aadu a poor Bengali village girl from Murshidabad writes a letter to U.S. President George W. Bush informing him about the hardships in her life caused by the 2003 invasion of Iraq.This was Gupta's debut film as a director. Actress Deblina Chatterjee who played the title role made her cinematic acting debut with this film as well.
 Petróleo (Petroleum) is a 1936 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Bleeders (also known as Hemoglobin) is a 1997 Canadian horror film directed by Peter Svatek based upon H. P. Lovecraft's story The Lurking Fear. It first premiered at the Fantastisk Film Festival Lund in Sweden on September 14 1997 and was released direct to video the following year.
 The Thief (Russian: Вор Vor) is a 1997 Russian drama film written and directed by Pavel Chukhrai. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and won the Nika Award for Best Picture and Best Directing.
 Oasis of the Zombies (originally called L'Abîme des Morts-Vivants / The Abyss of the Living Dead) is a 1982 film by director Jesús Franco for French producer Marius Lesoeur.The plot involves treasure hunters who track down a lost fortune in Nazi gold in the desert only to discover that the treasure is still guarded by the Afrika Korps soldiers transporting it who have become zombies.The film has also been released over the years as Bloodsucking Nazi Zombies Le Tresor des Morts Vivants and Treasure of the Living Dead.Franco filmed a Spanish version simultaneously with the French version (under the title La tumba de los Muertos Vivientes) probably to placate Lina Romay (since the French producer had chosen other actors to be in the real version). 
 84C MoPic (also known as 84 Charlie MoPic) is a 1989 American independent war film drama by Patrick Sheane Duncan.
 De nietsnut is a 1992 Dutch film made for television directed by Ab van Ieperen.
 Lipstick and Dynamite Piss and Vinegar: The First Ladies of Wrestling (often referred to as Lipstick and Dynamite) is a 2004 documentary film about the early days of women's professional wrestling in North America. It was directed by Ruth Leitman who interviewed The Fabulous Moolah Mae Young Gladys Kill 'Em Gillem Ida Mae Martinez Ella Waldek and Penny Banner for the film. The film premiered in 2004 in Toronto and was screened at various film festivals across the United States.
 Inquilaab is a Bollywood Hindi movie starring Amitabh Bachchan Sridevi C.S. Dubey Utpal Dutt Iftekhar Shafi Inamdar T.P. Jain Pinchoo Kapoor Satyendra Kapoor Shakti Kapoor Kader Khan Viju Khote Ram Mohan Purnima Jagdish Raj & Ranjeet. The year which Inquilaab released was when Amitabh Bachchan began politics. It is a remake of Kannada film Chakravyuha (1983).
 Aap Ki Sewa Mein is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 La Vie l’Amour la Mort is a film directed by Claude Lelouch in 1968 (released in France in 1969).
 Carga de rurales is an 1896 Mexican short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Gabriel Veyre.
 Don't Look Under The Bed is a 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie. It is also the Disney Channel's second and final attempt at a horror film (the first being Tower of Terror) released by Disney (who also created similar themed films such as Something Wicked This Way Comes and The Watcher in the Woods). This film was the first DCOM to be rated TV-PG due to scary scenes.
 Night Train is a 1998 Irish romantic thriller directed by John Lynch. Starring John Hurt and Brenda Blethyn the film follows an ex-prisoner with a passion for electric trains and the Orient Express. In his attempts at starting a new life he finds refuge in the house of a possessive old lady played by Pauline Flanagan.
 Blood of Ghastly Horror (also known as Psycho A-Go-Go) is a 1972 horror film directed by Al Adamson and starring John Carradine.Much of the footage in the film was previously released in 1965 as part of a crime thriller feature entitled Psycho A-Go-Go. Additional footage was shot for the 1972 version in an effort to introduce more horror and science fiction elements.
 Soldiers of Fortune is a 2012 American action comedy film starring Christian Slater Dominic Monaghan Sean Bean James Cromwell and Ving Rhames.
 The Pasha's Daughter is a 1911 American silent short romance directed by Francis Boggs. The film starred William Garwood.
 Bandook is a 2013 Bollywood crime film starring Aditya OmManisha Kelkar and Arshad Khan as lead characters.The film is directed and produced by Aditya Om and Mohammed M.K. Sheikh .
 When a Stranger Calls is a 2006 American psychological horror film and a remake of the 1979 horror film of the same name based on the urban legend The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs. In the film a teenage babysitter receives increasingly threatening calls from a brutal serial killer whom she first assumes is simply a prankster.
 Nadodi Thendral was a 1992 Tamil language film directed by Bharathiraja and written by Sujatha Rangarajan. It starred Karthik and Ranjitha in the lead roles. The music was provided by Ilayaraja.The music score by Ilayaraja was of much talk. As usual his background score and original score were fantastic.
 Inkaar is a 1978 Hindi movie produced by Romu N Sippy and directed by Raj N. Sippy. the film stars Vinod Khanna Vidya Sinha Shreeram Lagoo Amjad Khan and Helen. The music is by Rajesh Roshan.This is a remake of a Japanese movie High and Low (1963) directed by Akira Kurosawa which itself was based on an American novel King's Ransom (1959) by Ed McBain.This was later remade into the Telugu film Dongala Veta (1979).
 Gone But Not Forgotten is a 2003 film directed by Michael D. Akers. The critically acclaimed film showed at more than 30 film festivals. It is among the films featured in Gary Kramer's book Independent Queer Cinema: Reviews and Interviews. The cover of the book displays the movie poster for this film and the director Michael Akers and the star Matthew Montgomery are both interviewed in Chapter Five.
 In the Twilight is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film stars Perry Banks Charlotte Burton Reaves Eason David Lythgoe Louise Lester Vivian Rich and Harry Van Meter.
 Seein' Things is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 24th Our Gang short subject released.
 Spøgelsestoget (English title: Ghost Train International) is a 1976 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen. It is based on the 1923 play The Ghost Train by Arnold Ridley.
 Forbidden Iran is a 2004 documentary film based on Jane Kokan's investigation and report on Zahra Kazemi's murder and opposition movements inside Iran. Kokan travels undercover to Iran in order to investigate the clerical government's crackdown on the Iranian students journalists and dissidents.One of the film's interview subjects Confederation of Iranian Students co-founder Arzhang Davoodi was subsequently arrested for his criticism of the government in the film.
 Kangaroo is a 2007 Malayalam film made in India by Raj Babu starring Prithviraj Sukumaran and Kavya Madhavan. This film was well noted for having a lot of touch of Knanaya background.
 Saved by the Bell: Hawaiian Style is a 1992 made-for-TV movie based on the television series Saved by the Bell and featured the regular cast of that series.
 A Choice of Two is a 1981 Canadian film. It stars Leslie Nielsen.
 Grave of the Vampire is a 1972 American horror film directed by John Hayes.The film is also known as Seed of Terror (American reissue title).
 For the 1964 British film see Devil Doll (film).The Devil-Doll (1936) is a horror film directed by Tod Browning and starring a cross-dressing Lionel Barrymore and Maureen O'Sullivan as his daughter Lorraine Levond. The movie was adapted from the novel Burn Witch Burn! (1936) by Abraham Merritt.
 Kasturi Nivasa (Kannada: ಕಸ್ತೂರಿ ನಿವಾಸ House of Fragrance) is a 1971 Kannada drama film. It is the story of an extremely generous man who succumbs to his intention of being generous no matter what happens. The film stars Rajkumar Jayanthi K. S. Ashwath and Aarathi. The movie was later remade in Tamil as Avananthan Manidan starring Shivaji Ganeshan and also in hindi as  Shandaar starring Sanjeev Kumar.
 Resurrection (Italian:Resurrectio) is a 1931 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Lia Franca Daniele Crespi and Venera Alexandescu. The film was the first Italian sound film to be made but the studio held it back from release and another production by the company The Song of Love was the first film to be released. The film's production was troubled and it was not a commercial success.
 The Story of Anastasia and in the UK Is Anna Anderson Anastasia? (German: Anastasia die letzte Zarentochter) is a German film directed by Falk Harnack.
 Women Side by Side (simplified Chinese: 丽人行; traditional Chinese: 麗人行; pinyin: Lìrén Xíng) also translated as Three Women and Female Fighters is a 1949 Chinese film directed by Chen Liting made near the end of the Republic of China era. It is Chen's most famous directorial work.
 La chiave (internationally released as The Key) is a 1983 Italian erotic film directed by Tinto Brass . It is based on the novel Kagi by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki.The film arose some scandal in reason of explicit nudes (defined by critics as gynecological) and sex scenes involving a well-known actress as Stefania Sandrelli. It obtained a great commercial success.
 Eight Men Out is a 1988 American sports drama film and based on Eliot Asinof's 1963 book 8 Men Out. It was written and directed by John Sayles. The film is a dramatization of Major League Baseball's Black Sox scandal in which eight members of the Chicago White Sox conspired with gamblers to intentionally lose the 1919 World Series. Much of the movie was filmed at the old Bush Stadium in Indianapolis Indiana.
 Peccati di gioventù internationally released as So Young So Lovely So Vicious... is a 1975 Italian coming-of-age-drama film directed by Silvio Amadio.
 Island of Lost Souls is a 1932 American science fiction horror film starring Charles Laughton Richard Arlen Leila Hyams Bela Lugosi and Kathleen Burke as the Panther Woman. The film was directed by Erle C. Kenton and produced by Paramount Pictures from a script co-written by science fiction legend Philip Wylie the movie was the first film adaptation of the H. G. Wells novel The Island of Dr. Moreau published in 1896.
 Death of a Dynasty is a comedy film first screened in 2003. It is a satire of the hip hop music industry centered on Roc-A-Fella Records and stars Ebon Moss-Bachrach Capone and Damon Dash. It also features cameo appearances by musicians actors and celebrities such as Jay-Z Mariah Carey Chloë Sevigny Carson Daly and Aaliyah. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2003 and was also shown at the Cannes Film Festival but it was not released to theaters in the United States until 2005.
 The Danger Mark is a lost 1918 silent film directed by Hugh Ford and starring Elsie Ferguson. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on a play by Robert W. Chambers.
 Poompuhar (Tamil: பூம்புகார்) is a Tamil epic film directed by P. Neelakantan based on one of The Five Great Epics of Tamil Literature Silapadhigaaram in 1964. This is the second movie produced based on Silapadhigaaram epic after the first movie Kannagi in 1942. SS. Rajendran Vijayakumari & K. B. Sundarambal played the lead roles directed by P. Neelakantan. Song lyrics by Mayavanathan A. Somu Mu Karunanidhi Radha Manickam & Udumalai Narayana Kavi and music by R. Sudarsanam
 Breakfast with Hunter (2003) is a documentary about the everyday life of gonzo-journalist Hunter S. Thompson by Wayne Ewing.The film includes a variety of well-known figures involved with Thompson throughout his life including P. J. O'Rourke Ralph Steadman Roxanne Pulitzer Johnny Depp Terry Gilliam and Benicio del Toro.
 Unbeaten 28 is a 1980 Hong Kong independent released martial arts film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Jack Long Mark Long and Meng Fei.
 Jan Dara is a 2012 Thai film that is based on a novel by Pramool Unhathoop The Story of Jan Dara.
 The Bad News Bears is a 1976 comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie. It stars Walter Matthau and Tatum O'Neal. The film was followed by two sequels The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training in 1977 and The Bad News Bears Go to Japan in 1978 a short-lived 1979–80 CBS television series and a 2005 remake titled Bad News Bears. The original screenplay was written by Bill Lancaster. Notable was the score by Jerry Fielding which is an adaptation of the principal themes of Carmen.
 Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo is a 1999 comedy film starring Rob Schneider William Forsythe Eddie Griffin Oded Fehr and Arija Bareikis. The film follows a hapless fishtank cleaner who goes into business as a male prostitute in an attempt to earn enough money to repair damage he caused while house-sitting. It was the first film released by Happy Madison Productions. The film spawned a sequel titled Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo.
 Jungfer Sie gefällt mir is an East German film. It was released in 1969.
 Fresh from the Farm is a 1915 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 El Rey en Londres is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Maa Inti Premayanam (Telugu: మా ఇంటి ప్రేమాయణం) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Alluri Ravi. The film stars Chandra Mohan Prasad Babu Ramaprabha and Sharat Babu in important roles. Chiranjeevi does a cameo appearance towards the end of the film.
 The prince and the pirate is a 2001 film directed by and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni.
 The Godfather Saga is a TV miniseries that combines The Godfather and The Godfather Part II into one film. It originally aired on NBC over four consecutive nights (one three-hour segment and three two-hour segments) in November 1977. The Godfather Saga is also known as The Godfather: The Complete Novel For Television The Godfather: A Novel for Television and The Godfather Novella.
 Diabolically Yours (French: Diaboliquement vôtre) is a 1967 French-German film starring Alain Delon and Senta Berger.
 The Rage in Placid Lake is a 2003 Australian film starring Ben Lee and Rose Byrne. It features Placid Lake (Lee) a seventeen-year-old boy who has led a suburban hippie life with his neurotic free loving parents. The film documents his journey of self-discovery as he rejects his hippie roots and embraces the mundane by working for an insurance agency much to his parents' horror.
 Singapore Sling: The Man who Loved a Corpse (Greek: Singapore Sling: Ο άνθρωπος που αγάπησε ένα πτώμα) is a 1990 film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis.
 The Good Witch's Charm is a Hallmark Channel film that aired on October 27 2012. It starred Catherine Bell as Cassandra Nightingale and Chris Potter as Sheriff Jake Russell. Although set in Middleton USA it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake Ontario. This is the fifth installment in the series.
 So This is Paris is a 1926 American silent comedy film produced and distributed by Warner Brothers and directed by Ernst Lubitsch. The film is based on an old stage play Reveillon by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halevy. It stars Monte Blue and Patsy Ruth Miller. Preserved at the Library of Congress and the Turner Entertainment Company.
 Night Without Stars is a 1951 British black and white dramatic thriller starring David Farrar Nadia Gray and Maurice Teynac. The screenplay was written by Winston Graham based upon his original novel by the same name. The film was directed by Anthony Pelissier and produced by Hugh Stewart.
 This Is Where I Leave You is an upcoming 2014 American comedy film directed by Shawn Levy and starring Tina Fey and Jason Bateman. It is based on the book of the same name by Jonathan Tropper who also wrote the film's screenplay. The film will be released on September 12 2014.
 The Switch is a 1963 British crime drama film directed by Peter Maxwell and starring Anthony Steel Zena Marshall and Conrad Phillips. A criminal gang smuggles watches into the country by hiding them in a petrol tank of a woman's car.
 Aliens in the Wild Wild West is a science fiction movie released in 1999. It was directed by George Erschbamer and written by Alon Kaplan.
 Vamsha Vriksha (The genalogy tree) is a 1971 Indian Kannada-language film directed by B. V. Karanth and Girish Karnad based on S. L. Bhyrappa's novel of the same name. The film won the National Film Awards for Best Direction. It also won the three Filmfare Award south in 1972.Vamsha Vriksha marked the film debut of actor Vishnuvardhan and actress Uma Shivakumar. The film was later remade into Telugu as Vamsa Vruksham starring Anil Kapoor
 Princesse Tam-Tam is a 1935 black-and-white film which starred Josephine Baker as a Tunisian local girl who is introduced to Parisian high society. Baker sings two songs (Dream Ship and Neath the Tropical Blue Skies) in the film.
 Faith Hope and Witchcraft (Danish: Tro håb og trolddom) is a 1960 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Bodil Ipsen. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Hi no ataru sakamichi (陽のあたる坂道) aka A Slope in the Sun is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film drama directed by Tomotaka Tasaka.The film is based on the novel by Yōjirō Ishizaka.The film won 1959 Blue Ribbon Awards for best director and also won 1959 Mainichi Film Concours for best cinematography.
 Dahek - A burning Passion is a 1999 Hindi Romance film directed by Lateef Binni. The film features Akshaye Khanna and Sonali Bendre in the lead roles. The film deals with a Love tale between a Hindu and a Muslim protagonists.
 Lady Chatterley In Tokyo (東京チャタレー夫人 Tōkyō Chatterly fujin) is a 1977 Japanese film in Nikkatsu's Roman porno series directed by Katsuhiko Fujii and starring Izumi Shima.
 The Gaze of the Gorgon is a film-poem created in 1992 by English poet and playwright Tony Harrison which examines the politics of conflict in the 20th century using the Gorgon and her petrifying gaze as a metaphor for the actions of the elites during wars and other crises and the muted response and apathy these traumatic events generate among the masses seemingly petrified by modern Gorgons gazing at them from pediments constructed by the elites.The verse-documentary is aimed at describing the unspeakable horrors and atrocities of the twentieth century through the Medusa paradigm and it was a verse-documentary broadcast on BBC-2 in October 1992. 
 15 Minutes is a 2001 American action-crime thriller film starring Robert De Niro and Edward Burns. Its story revolves around a homicide detective and a fire marshal who team up to stop a pair of Eastern European murderers who are videotaping their crimes in order to become rich and famous. The film also stars Melina Kanakaredes and Kelsey Grammer.
 Maayi is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2000 with positive reviews which stars Sarath Kumar and Meena in lead roles wherein Vadivelu's comedy performance was critically acclaimed . The Film was a super hit at box office.This film later remade into Telugu as Simha Raasi with Dr. Rajasekhar and Sakshi Sivanand in the year 2001 and in Kannada as Narasimha with Ravichandran in 2012.
 El tambor de Tacuarí (English: Tacuarí's drummer) is a 1948 Argentine historical drama film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and written by Hugo Mac Dougall. It was premiered on July 6 1948.The film's plot took place little after the May Revolution when a young man left his realist uncle and becomes drummer of the revolutionary army.
 La poliziotta a New York (internationally released as A Policewoman in New York) is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is the final chapter in the poliziotta trilogy directed by Tarantini and starred by Edwige Fenech.
 The Awful Truth was a 1929 American romantic comedy film distributed by Pathé Exchange directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Ina Claire and Henry Daniell. The screenplay was written by Horace Jackson and Arthur Richman based on a play by Richman. Ina Claire starred in the original stage version on Broadway in 1922. The film is now considered lost.
 Terror of Mechagodzilla (released in Japan as Counterattack of Mechagodzilla (メカゴジラの逆襲 Mekagojira no Gyakushū)) is a 1975 Japanese science fiction kaiju film produced by Toho. Directed by Ishirō Honda and featuring special effects by Teruyoshi Nakano the film starred Tomoko Ai Gorō Mutsumi and Akihiko Hirata. This film was the 15th and final film in the original series of Godzilla films before the series reboot in 1984. A direct sequel to the previous year's Godzilla vs.
 Kinnikuman (キン肉マン) also known as Kinnikuman: Stolen Championship Belt (キン肉マン 奪われたチャンピオンベルト Kinnikuman Ubawareta Chanpion Beruto) is the first theatrical film of the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on July 14 1984 along with Choudenshi Bioman Uchuu Keiji Shaider and The Kabocha Wine.
 Evidence is a 2012 American found footage horror film directed and edited by Howie Askins and produced and written by Ryan McCoy who also stars in the movie. The film also stars Brett Rosenberg Abigail Richie and Ashley Brecken.
 Den evige Eva (English: The eternal Eve) is a 1953 Norwegian drama film directed by Rolf Randall based on a novel by Sigbjørn Obstfelder and starring Astri Jacobsen and Fridtjof Mjøen. Rebekka (Jacobsen) is in a loveless marriage and leaves her husband for the author Sigurd Winge (Mjøen). Also this relationship runs into problems however because of Winge's uncontrollable jealousy.
 Forbidden Planet is a 1956 MGM Eastmancolor in CinemaScope science fiction film directed by Fred M. Wilcox a screenplay by Cyril Hume and starring Walter Pidgeon Anne Francis and Leslie Nielsen. Forbidden Planet is the first science fiction film in which humans are depicted traveling in a starship of their own creation. It was also the very first science fiction film set entirely on another world in interstellar space far away from the planet Earth.
 The One and Only is a 1978 comedy film starring Henry Winkler directed by Carl Reiner and written by Steve Gordon.
 The Kite Runner is a 2007 American drama film directed by Marc Forster based on the novel of the same name by Khaled Hosseini. It tells the story of Amir a well-to-do boy from the Wazir Akbar Khan district of Kabul who is tormented by the guilt of abandoning his friend Hassan the son of his father's Hazara servant.
 Aaye Din Bahar Ke is a 1966 Hindi film produced by J. Om Prakash. It became a box office hit. The film stars Dharmendra Asha Parekh Nazima Sulochana Devi Balraj Sahni and Rajindernath. The film is a musical romance with music given by Laxmikant Pyarelal. Anand Bakshi is the lyricist.
 Way Down South is a 1939 musical film directed by Leslie Goodwins and Bernard Vorhaus and produced by Sol Lesser. It was written by Clarence Muse who also acted in the film and Langston Hughes. Victor Young was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music Scoring.
 The Venetian Affair is a 1967 spy film directed by Jerry Thorpe. It stars Robert Vaughn and Elke Sommer and is based on a novel by Helen MacInnes. It was shot on location in Venice Italy.
 Liefde waakt is a 1914 Dutch silent western film directed by Louis H. Chrispijn.
 Dans le silence je sens rouler la terre is a 2010 documentary film.
 Liebelei (1933) is a German film directed by Max Ophüls. The film based on a play of the same name (Liebelei (de)) by Arthur Schnitzler describes an ill-fated love affair.
 Brigands chapitre VII (internationally released as Brigands) is a 1996 French drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani. The film entered the competition at the 53rd Venice International Film Festival where it received the Special Jury Prize.
 Come Deadly is a 1974 pornographic horror film written and directed by Gil Kenston.
 Debbie Does Dallas is a 1978 pornographic film starring Bambi Woods. The plot of the film focuses on a team of cheerleaders attempting to earn enough money to send the titular character to Dallas Texas to try out for the famous Texas Cowgirls cheerleading squad. The fictional name Texas Cowgirls was seen as a take on the real-life Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders. Woods had previously tried out for the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders in real life but was cut during auditions.
 Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Harvey Keitel as the eponymous bad lieutenant. The screenplay was written by actress-model Zoë Lund. She also played a small role in the film. Lund had been discovered by Ferrara and had starred in his earlier film Ms. 45.The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
 High Season is a 1987 British romantic comedy film directed by Clare Peploe. It is a comedy about tourism set on the Greek island of Rhodes; vacationers from rich countries taking over the most spectacular scenery at the most desirable times of the year. There are nine principal characters a mixture of English Greek and a Greek-American. It was written by director Clare Peploe with her brother Mark.
 Yo quiero vivir contigo is a 1960 Argentine film.
 Quelques jours avec moi (English title A Few Days With Me) is a French film by director Claude Sautet released in France in 1988. It received three César Award nominations in the 1989 Festival's edition.
 The Cup Winner is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe. It is set against a backdrop of horseracing and the finale involves real footage from the 1911 Melbourne Cup.
 Wrestling with Angels: Playwright Tony Kushner is a 2006 documentary film that follows the personal and political life of Tony Kushner leading American playwright and author of the epochal Angels in America.
 Stumble is Prakash Belawadi's debut film. It won the Indian National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English in 2003.[citation needed] It depicts the new economy the dot-com bust stock market scams mutual funds and voluntary retirement.The production team intended Stumble to be a film for the middle-class Ananth Nag and Suhasini are in the lead rôles alongside Priya Ganapati and Allen Mandonca.
 The Reception is 2005 feature film by American director John G. Young who wrote and directed the movie.
 Sphodanam is a 1981 Malayalam-language Indian family feature film directed by P. G. Viswambharan starring Sukumaran M.G. Soman Mammootty Ravikumar and Seema.
 Young Woodley is a 1930 British drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Madeleine Carroll Frank Lawton and Sam Livesey.
 Delusion (Croatian: Zavaravanje for Pretense or Faking) is a 1998 Croatian crime-drama film directed by Zeljko Senecic.
 On Guard (French: Le Bossu) is a 1997 French swashbuckler film directed by Philippe de Broca and starring Daniel Auteuil Fabrice Luchini Vincent Perez and Marie Gillain. Adapted from the 1858 historical novel Le Bossu by Paul Féval the film is about a skilled swordsman named Lagardère who is befriended by the Duke of Nevers. When the duke is attacked by his evil cousin Gonzague the duke in his dying moments asks Lagardère to avenge him and look after his infant daughter.
 Tabarana Kathe (Kannada: ತಬರನ ಕಥೆ English: Tabara's Tale) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film released directed by Girish Kasaravalli. It was based on a short story of the same name by Poornachandra Tejaswi.
 Dhruva Thare (Kannada: ಧ್ರುವತಾರೆ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film directed by M. S. Rajashekar. The film starred Rajkumar Geetha and Deepa in lead roles. The movie is famous for its evergreen songs which was composed by Upendra Kumar. Based on the novel Aparanji written by Vijay Sasanur the film was a major success at the box-office upon its release.
 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is a 2005 crime-comedy film written and directed by Shane Black and starring Robert Downey Jr. Val Kilmer Michelle Monaghan and Corbin Bernsen. The script is partially based on the Brett Halliday novel Bodies Are Where You Find Them and interprets the classic hardboiled literary genre in a tongue-in-cheek fashion. The film was produced by Joel Silver with Susan Downey (credited as Susan Levin) and Steve Richards as executive producers.
 Ghost Son is a 2007 Italian horror-thriller movie directed by Lamberto Bava and producer by Pino Gargiulo.
 The Squall is a 1929 American drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Richard Tucker Alice Joyce and Loretta Young. It was based on the 1926 play The Squall by Jean Bart. The film is set in Hungary where a gypsy girl caught in a storm takes shelter in a farmhouse. She entertains all the male members of the household leading to jealous anger.
 Dil Daulat Duniya (meaning Love Wealth and the World) is a 1972 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by Prem Narayan Arora and starring Rajesh Khanna Sadhana Ashok Kumar Om Prakash Sulochana Helen and Jagdeep. The film revolves around a poor man in a palatial house who allows other newcomers in city of Mumbai to stay in his house to feel pity on them. Music was scored by Shankar Jaikishan and songs are sung by Kishore Kumar for Rajesh Khanna.
 Once Beaten Twice Shy or Eenmaal Geslagen Nooit Meer Bewogen is a 1995 Dutch film directed by Gerrard Verhage.
 Despedida de casada (Farewell to Marriage) is a 1968 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.
 Punk Lawyer or Advocaat van de Hanen is a 1996 Dutch film directed by Gerrit van Elst. The film is based on the novel Advocaat van de Hanen by Dutch writer A.F.Th. van der Heijden.
 Ramu (Telugu: రాము) is a 1966 Telugu drama film produced by AVM Productions and directed by A. C. Trilogchander. The film stars NTR and Jamuna in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1965 Tamil film of the same name starring Gemini Ganesan K. R. Vijaya and Pushpalatha. The soundtrack of the film is very good with music score provided by R. Goverdhanam and songs rendered by Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao and P. Susheela most memorable one Raa Raa Krishnayya.
 Nizhal Nijamagiradhu (English: Illusion becomes reality) is a 1978 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K. Balachander starring Kamal Haasan Sarath Babu Sumithra and Sobha in lead roles. It is a remake of the 1977 Telugu film Chilakamma Cheppindi directed by Eranki Sharma with Rajinikanth in the lead role.
 Killing Car (original title: Femme Dangereuse or Dangerous Woman) is a 1989 film directed by Jean Rollin.
 The Gamma People is a 1956 American and British science fiction film directed by John Gilling and starring Paul Douglas Eva Bartok and Leslie Phillips.
 Reckless is a 1995 American dark comedy film directed by Norman René. The screenplay by Craig Lucas is based on his 1983 play of the same title.
 Last Ride is a 2009 Australian drama film directed by Glendyn Ivin. It is based on the novel The Last Ride by Denise Young. The film follows a young boy (Tom Russell) accompanying his father (Hugo Weaving) who is wanted by the police across Australia.The film was given a limited release across Australia on 2 July 2009 and in the United States on 29 June 2012.
 Law with Two Phases (traditional Chinese: 公僕; simplified Chinese: 公仆; pinyin: Gong pu; Cantonese Yale: Gung buk) also known as Law with Two Faces is a 1984 Hong Kong film written and directed by the film's lead star Danny Lee in his second directorial outing.
 Peluca is a short film by director Jared Hess produced for an assignment while attending Brigham Young University in 2002. It was shown at the 2003 Slamdance Film Festival.The film is almost nine minutes long and was shot on black-and-white 16mm film. It stars Jon Heder as the main character Seth. The film's title is the Spanish word for wig since a wig is purchased in the film. The short was later adapted into the 2004 film Napoleon Dynamite which featured Heder as the titular character.
 The Nuremberg Trials was a Soviet-made documentary film about the trials of the Nazi leadership. It was produced by Roman Karmen and was an English-language version of the Russian language film Суд народов (Judgment of the Peoples). Most of the film describes the Nazis' crimes in detail particularly those committed in the Soviet Union. It claims that if not stopped the Nazis would have turned the whole world into a Majdanek.
 Bhai is a 1997 Bollywood Action film directed by Deepak Shivdasani while written by Kader Khan. The film starred Sunil Shetty Pooja Batra Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidyarthi in lead roles. It was a huge success at the box office and was one of the highest-grossing films of the year 1997.
 The Death Duel is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film.
 Risk is a 2001 Australian film about insurance fraud.
 Victory is a 1940 film based on the novel by Joseph Conrad.
 Panique is a French film directed by Julien Duvivier made in 1946 and released in 1947 starring Michel Simon and Viviane Romance. In 1989 Patrice Leconte remade the film as Monsieur Hire with the title rôle played by Michel Blanc.
 Bahurani is a 1963 Indian Hindi film directed by T. Prakash Rao. The film stars Guru Dutt Mala Sinha and Feroz Khan in lead roles.
 Tom and Jerry: Robin Hood and His Merry Mouse is a 2012 animated direct-to-video film featuring the animated characters Tom and Jerry and produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
 Escape Route is a 1952 British thriller film directed by Seymour Friedman and Peter Graham Scott and starring George Raft Sally Gray and Clifford Evans.
 Pinched is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
 Bombhunters is a 2006 documentary film produced and directed by Skye Fitzgerald that documents the effects of unexploded ordnance on Cambodian people both within their homeland and in the US.
 Aag Aur Chingari is 1994 Hindi language Movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Asrani Shakti Kapoor Paresh Rawal Kiran Kumar Ravi Kishan and Sripradha.
 The Making of a Legend: Gone with the Wind is a 1988 documentary outlining the successes and challenges of the casting filming and legacy of the 1939 film Gone with the Wind from concept to finished product. The documentary focuses on David O. Selznick from the time of the book's publication to the Academy Awards ceremony of 1940. Included are interviews with many of the crew and office personnel involved in making the film. Producer David O.
 Wapakman is a Philippine superhero film directed by Topel Lee and starring eight-division world boxing champion Manny Pacquiao. It was released on December 25 2009 as an entry to the 2009 Metro Manila Film Festival.
 Putty Hill is a 2010 independent drama film directed by Matthew Porterfield.
 For the (unrelated) television series see She-Wolf of LondonShe-Wolf of London (UK title: Curse of the Allenbys) is a 1946 horror film produced by Universal Studios directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring June Lockhart and Don Porter. The title evokes the earlier Werewolf of London (1935) although unlike its forebear it is concerned more with mystery and suspense than supernatural horror. In the USA the film was released as a double feature with The Cat Creeps.
 Tomorrow Never Comes is a 1978 British-Canadian crime film directed by Peter Collinson and starring Oliver Reed and Susan George. The film follows a man who loses his girl friend and then finds her in a hotel where he holds her and the others hostage. As the police close in he slowly begins to snap. The film was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
 The Lady Takes a Flyer is a 1958 romantic drama film made by Universal International Pictures. It was directed by Jack Arnold and written by Danny Arnold based on story by Edmund H. North.
 The Golden Calf (Russian: Золотой телёнок) is a 1968 Soviet film directed by Mikhail Shveytser based the eponymous novel by Ilf and Petrov.
 Stalking Santa is a 2006 comedy Christmas feature film that follows one man’s obsession to scientifically prove the existence of the famous Jolly Old Elf. Directed by Greg Kiefer and written by Daryn Tufts the film stars Chris Clark Daryn Tufts Lisa Clark and is narrated by William Shatner.
 Crime on the Hill is a 1933 British mystery film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Sally Blane Nigel Playfair and Lewis Casson. The plot was based on a successful play by Jack de Leon and Jack Celestin. It was made by British International Pictures at Welwyn Studios in autumn 1933.
 Edurinti Mogudu Pakkinti Pellam (Telugu: ఎదురింటి మొగుడు పక్కింటి పెళ్లాం) is a 1991 Telugu film directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao and produced by Venkatakrishna Reddy Battina under Sri Sai Madhavi Arts. The film stars Rajendra Prasad and Divyavani in the lead roles.
 Daredevil is a 2003 American superhero film written and directed by Mark Steven Johnson. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name the film stars Ben Affleck as Matt Murdock a blind lawyer who fights for justice in the courtroom and out of the courtroom as the masked vigilante Daredevil.
 Kite is an upcoming American action film written and directed by Ralph Ziman based on the 1998 anime of the same name by Yasuomi Umetsu. The film stars Samuel L. Jackson India Eisley and Callan McAuliffe.
 Perón: Apuntes para una biografía (Spanish: Perón: Notes for a biography) is a 2010 Argentine documentary film about Juan Domingo Perón. It features a number of Argentine historians like Norberto Galasso and it is focuses mainly in Perón early life and his intervention in the Revolution of '43. His government is described in a brief summany at the end and it doesn't reference his life after the Revolución Libertadora military coup that ousted him from power.
 That Dangerous Age is a 1949 British romance film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Myrna Loy Roger Livesey and Peggy Cummins. It is an adaptation of the play Autumn by Ilya Surguchev.
 Darna Zaroori Hai (Hindi: डरना ज़रूरी है Urdu: ڈرنا ضروری ہے‎ translation: Getting scared is necessary) is a Bollywood Anthology film released on 28 April 2006. It was considered a sequel to Darna Mana Hai which was also produced by RGV. It stars a host of Bollywood actors including Amitabh Bachchan Riteish Deshmukh Anil Kapoor Sunil Shetty Mallika Sherawat Isha Koppikar Arjun Rampal Rajpal Yadav Bipasha Basu and more.
 Zielen Van Napels is a documentary film by director Vincent Monnikendam that was first released in the United States in a special preview at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. in 2005.The film covers the many aspects of the diverse and socially terraced Neapolitan society and is filmed primarily in local dialects and Italian.
 A Co-respondent's Course is a short 1931 Australian film. The screenplay was written by Montague Grover (1870-1943) an experienced journalist. The film was the first film made by Efftee Studios a production company owned by F.W. Thring the first Australian narrative film to be completed with an optical soundtrack and part of the first all-Australian full-length unit programme to be screened in Australia.
 Going Overboard is a 1989 American comedy film released on May 11 1989. It stars Adam Sandler (in his film debut) Burt Young Allen Covert Billy Zane Terry Moore Milton Berle and Billy Bob Thornton in a small role. The film was originally released in 1989 but once Sandler became successful after appearing on Saturday Night Live and in the films Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore it was given a wider release by Vidmark Entertainment in 1996.
 Sea of Sand (released in the US as Desert Patrol) is a 1958 war film starring Richard Attenborough John Gregson and Michael Craig. The film which was directed by Guy Green is about a patrol of the Long Range Desert Group (LRDG) during the North African Campaign in the Second World War. It was shot on location in the Kingdom of Libya.
 Drink-Drank-Drunk (Chinese: 千杯不醉; Jyutping: Cin1 bui1 bat1 zeoi3) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee.
 Udedh Bun (English title: Unravel) is award winning short Bhojpuri film released in 2008 directed by Siddharth Sinha. The 21-minute diploma film by Siddharth Sinha an Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) Pune graduate was selected for world premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for Best Short Film at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival first ever such award in the history of Bhojpuri cinema.
 The Four-Bit Man is a 1919 short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
 The Train (French: Le Train) is a 1973 Franco–Italian film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Georges Simenon.
 Absolute Strangers is a 1991 made-for-television CBS docudrama featuring Happy Days star Henry Winkler returning to his first major TV role in eight years.The screenplay written by Robert Woodruff Anderson was based on the story of a husband's controversial decision to have his wife undergo an abortion to aid her recovery after a head-trauma accident had left her comatose.The title is taken from court decision that used absolute strangers—itself apparently derived from a courtroom outburst by the husband—to describe two anti-abortion activists one of whom sued the husband to get custody of the fetus the other to be appointed guardian of the comatose wife.The impending broadcast of the film spurred anti-abortion activists including the American Family Association to try to discourage advertisers from buying time during the show.These efforts provoked counter-demonstrationsand campaigns of letter-writing in support of the broadcast from Planned Parenthood the National Council of Jewish Women and other groups.The real-life husband Martin Klein appeared in a cameo. 
 Sunday's Children (Swedish: Söndagsbarn) is a 1992 Swedish drama film directed by Daniel Bergman and written by Ingmar Bergman. At the 28th Guldbagge Awards the film won the award for Best Cinematography (Tony Forsberg) and Thommy Berggren was nominated for Best Actor.
 Director is a 2009 action film directed by Aleks Rosenberg produced by Alex Cohen and starring Claudia Davilla Stephane Kay Mike Paris and Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated group's Prodigal Sunn. The film is set in Miami Florida.
 War Arrow is a 1953 western film directed by George Sherman based on the Seminole Scouts and starring Jeff Chandler and Maureen O'Hara. Filmed by Universal - International the film was shot in Agoura California.
 For Your Consideration is a 2006 comedy film directed by Christopher Guest. It was co-written by Guest and Eugene Levy and both also star in the film.The title is a phrase used in trade advertisements to promote films for honors such as the Academy Awards.
 The Last Journey is a 1936 British thriller film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring Godfrey Tearle Hugh Williams and Judy Gunn.
 Into the Storm or Churchill at War (alt. title) is a 2009 biographical film about Winston Churchill and his days in office during World War II. The movie is directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan and stars Brendan Gleeson who plays the British Prime Minister. Into the Storm is a sequel to the 2002 television film The Gathering Storm which details the life of Churchill in the years just prior the war.
 Zombie Hunter is a 2013 American direct-to-video action-thriller film directed and written by Kevin King for The Klimax and Arrowstorm Entertainment. The film stars Danny Trejo Martin Copping and Clare Niederpruem. It follows a group of humans led by Jesús (Trejo) defending themselves from flesh-devouring zombies. A fundraising campaign was hosted on the website Kickstarter to help fulfill the production team's desired budget.
 The Marriage of Luise Rohrbach (German: Die Ehe der Luise Rohrbach) is a 1917 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten Emil Jannings and Ludwig Trautmann. The film was based on a novel by Emmi Elert. A young teacher marries a factory owner who turns out to be extremely brutal. She eventually leaves him for a kinder gentler man.
 Chal Chal Re Naujawan is a 1944 Indian Bollywood film. It was the seventh highest grossing Indian film of 1944.
 Lorna Doone is a 1922 American film version of Richard Doddridge Blackmore's novel of the same name. Directed by French director Maurice Tourneur in the United States the film starred Madge Bellamy and John Bowers. This is one of many film adaptations of the novel. It was filmed twice before in 1912 in England for Clarendon and in 1915 for the American Biograph Company. Other later adaptions include 1934 and 1951 films and a 2001 television movie.
 Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor is a romance drama film produced written and directed by Tyler Perry. The film is adapted from Perry's play The Marriage Counselor with several changes. This is the thirteenth film by Perry. It was released on March 29 2013.
 Dadayama is a 1984 Sri Lankan drama film directed by Wasantha Obeysekara.
 Irish and Proud of It is a 1936 British-Irish comedy film directed by Donovan Pedelty and starring Richard Hayward Dinah Sheridan and Liam Gaffney. A popular London-based Irish singer announces one evening how much he would love to go home to his home village in rural Ireland. For a prank some of his friends take him up on this offer. He is kidnapped and desposited on a wild moor.
 The Screaming Shadow was a 1920 American action film serial directed by Ben F. Wilson and Duke Worne. The film is considered to be lost.
 A Girl a Guy and a Gob is a 1941 film produced by Harold Lloyd.
 Becket is a 1964 British-American dramatic film adaptation of the play Becket or the Honour of God by Jean Anouilh made by Hal Wallis Productions and released by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Peter Glenville and produced by Hal B. Wallis with Joseph H. Hazen as executive producer. The screenplay was written by Edward Anhalt based on Anouilh's play. The music score was by Laurence Rosenthal the cinematography by Geoffrey Unsworth and the editing by Anne V.
 Tsuribaka Nisshi 6 (釣りバカ日誌4 Tsuribaka Nisshi 6) is a 1993 Japanese film directed by Tomio Kuriyama.
 A Cat in Paris (Une vie de chat) is a 2010 French animated adventure/crime film by the French animation studio Folimage telling the story of a young Parisian girl whose cat leads her to unravel a thrilling mystery over the course of a single evening. The film was directed by Alain Gagnol and Jean-Loup Felicioli.A Cat in Paris was first screened on October 15 2010 at the Saint-Quentin Ciné-Jeune Film Festival. It was released in French theaters on December 15 2010.
 Kamen Rider: The Next (仮面ライダー THE NEXT Kamen Raidā Za Nekusuto Masked Rider: The Next) is a 2007 Japanese tokusatsu film directed by Ryuta Tasaki and written by Toshiki Inoue. The film was released on October 27 2007. The film borrows elements from the Kamen Rider V3 television series and is a sequel to the Kamen Rider: The First movie (which was a film adaptation of the original Kamen Rider series).
 Thunder and Lightning is a 1977 film starring David Carradine and Kate Jackson and is about moonshine runners in Florida who are trying to stay independent in the face of attempts by organized crime to take over their business.
 Legend of the Werewolf is a 1975 British horror film directed by Freddie Francis. It stars Peter Cushing.
 PoraMon (Bangla পোড়ামন) is a 2013 Bangladeshi Bangla romantic drama film directed by Jakir Hossain Raju and written by Farzana. distributed by Jaaz Multimedia. it stars Mahiya Mahi & Symon in the lead roles.
 Gestoorde hengelaar (English: Disturbed Angler) was the first Dutch fictional film made by M.H. Laddé in 1896 and was produced by the studio Eerst Nederlandsch Atelier tot het vervaardigen van Films voor de Bioscoop en Cinematograaf van M.H. Laddé en J.W.
 The Castaways on Gilligan's Island is a television movie that continues the adventures of the shipwrecked castaways from the 1964-1967 TV series Gilligan's Island and the first reunion movie Rescue From Gilligan's Island featuring the original cast from the television series with the exception of Tina Louise who was replaced in the role of Ginger Grant by Judith Baldwin.
 Drømmeslottet (English: The Dream Castle) is a 1986 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Petter Vennerød and Svend Wam starring a large ensemble cast including Lasse Lindtner and Mari Maurstad. The film is part of a trilogy by the directors where the other two instalments were titled Åpen framtid (1983) and Adjø solidaritet (1985). Three couples who have known each other since early youth decide to move in together but soon run into difficulties.
 Move and I'll Shoot (Italian: Come te movi te fulmino!) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Renato Rascel.
 I Delfini also known as The Dauphins and Silver Spoon Set (USA) is a 1960 Italian and French drama film directed and written by Francesco Maselli. The film stars Claudia Cardinale. Shot in Ascoli Piceno Italy.
 Voyage of Terror is a 1998 movie about a virus outbreak on a ship.
 Silk Hosiery is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo. A print listed as being in nitrate exists in the Library of Congress.
 Diljale (one who has suffered a burnt heart) is an Indian Hindi action romance film released in the year 1996. It stars Ajay Devgan Sonali Bendre and Madhoo as the lead protagonists. Amrish Puri Shakti Kapoor and Parmeet Sethi played supporting roles in the film. The film was directed by Harry Baweja. It was a major hit and established Sonali Bendre's acting credentials.
 Puthiya Vaarpugal is a Tamil film directed by P. Bharathiraja. K. Bhagyaraj and Rati Agnihotri did the lead role in this film. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja This movie is debut for Bhagyaraj as a hero.
 Business Trip is an upcoming comedy film directed by Ken Scott and written by Steven Conrad. The stars are Vince Vaughn Dave Franco Tom Wilkinson Sienna Miller and June Diane Raphael.
 Vasantha Sena is a 1985 Malayalam family film directed by K. Vijayan starring Shankar Seema Shobana Ratheesh with Mohanlal in an extended guest appearance.
 Beauty is a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Toshio Gotō. The film explores themes of love beauty kabuki and the strength of human spirit. It was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
 Rainbow Dance is a 1936 British animated film created by New Zealand-born animation pioneer Len Lye and released by the GPO Film Unit. This is Lye's second film to be viewed by the public. It uses the Gasparcolor process. Credits also list Australian music pioneer Jack Ellitt (Synchronization) and Frank Jones (Camera).
 Gunfighters of Casa Grande (Spanish: Los Pistoleros de Casa Grande) is a 1964 Eurowestern film co-produced by American and Spanish producers.
 From Within is a horror film directed by Phedon Papamichael Jr. and written by Brad Keene. Filming took place in Maryland in fall 2007. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April–May 2008.
 Veppam (English: Heat) is a 2011 Indian Tamil action thriller written and directed by newcomer Anjana Ali Khan starring Nani Karthik Kumar Bindu Madhavi and Nithya Menen. The story narrates events from the slum areas of Chennai showcasing characters and their struggles. The film jointly produced by Gautham Menon's Photon Kathaas and R. S. Infotainment had been in production for over one year.
 Life at the Zoo is a 1946 Soviet short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
 Downhill Racer is a 1969 American drama film directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Robert Redford Gene Hackman and Camilla Sparv. Written by James Salter based on the 1963 novel The Downhill Racers by Oakley Hall the film is about a talented downhill skier who joins the United States ski team in Europe to compete in international skiing competitions. His drive to become a champion and his success on the slopes alienate his coach and teammates.
 The Saint of Fort Washington is a 1993 film directed by Tim Hunter. It stars Danny Glover and Matt Dillon. Dillon won best actor at the 1993 Stockholm Film Festival for his performance.
 Spin the Bottle is a 2000 American film. Childhood friends meet up for a reunion.
 Nana is a 1944 Mexican film by Celestino Gorostiza and Roberto Gavaldón. It is an adaptation of Émile Zola's novel Nana. It was the last film of the Mexican star Lupe Vélez.
 The Worthless (Finnish: Arvottomat) is a 1982 Finnish film directed by Mika Kaurismäki who also co-wrote the film with his brother Aki Kaurismäki. It is a road movie about two men and a woman driving around the country as they are being chased by a group of criminals and the police.Mika Kaurismäki won the Jussi Award for Best Direction for the film.
 The Wife of an Important Man (Arabic: Zawgat ragol mohim‎) is an Egyptian drama film directed by Mohamed Khan. Starring Ahmad Zaki and Mervat Amin this film tells us the story of the rise and fall of a police officer during the regime of Anwar El Sadat.It received the Silver Award at the Damascus Film Festival in 1987 and was screened in competition at the 15th Moscow International Film Festival in 1987.
 Boogie Nights is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. Set in Los Angeles' San Fernando Valley the script focuses on a young nightclub dishwasher Eddie Adams (Mark Wahlberg) who becomes a popular star of pornographic films chronicling his rise in the Golden Age of Porn of the 1970s through his fall during the excesses of the 1980s.
 It Always Rains on Sunday is a 1947 British film adaptation of Arthur La Bern's novel by the same name directed by Robert Hamer. The film has been compared with the Poetic realism movement in the French cinema of a few years earlier by the British writers Robert Murphy in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography and Graham Fuller.
 Daddy and Them is a 2001 American film written and directed by Billy Bob Thornton.Jim Varney died before the movie's release. It was the last movie he appeared in.
 Call the Mesquiteers (also released as Outlaws of the West) is a 1938 American Western Three Mesquiteers B-movie directed by John English.
 Burke & Hare is a 2010 British black comedy film loosely based on the Burke and Hare murders. Directed by John Landis the film stars Simon Pegg and Andy Serkis as William Burke and William Hare respectively. It was Landis's first feature film release in 12 years the last being 1998's Susan's Plan. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 29 October 2010.
 Louise is a 1939 French musical film directed by Abel Gance. It was screened out of competition at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival. It is based on the opera of the same name by Gustave Charpentier.
 Chhota Bheem: Journey To Petra is an Indian animated movie featuring Bheem the star of the Indian television cartoon program Chhota Bheem. It was the fifth movie of the Chhota Bheem movie series. Running time - 68 mins
 Back Stage is a 1923 silent Our Gang silent short subject comedy film that is the 13th entry to be released. The film was released on 3 June 1923 and stars Allen Farina Hoskins.
 Dialogues of Exiles (Spanish: Diálogos de exiliados French: Dialogue d'exilés) is a 1975 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz.
 Gopurangal Saivathillai is a 1982 Tamil language drama film directed by Manivannan. The film features Mohan Suhasini and Radha in lead roles.The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 15 October 1982. This was Manivannan's first film as director. It was remade in Kannada as Brahma Gantu (1985) with Saritha Sridhar and Sadhana and in Hindi as Naseeb Apna Apna (1986) with Rishi Kapoor and Radhika.
 Whore is a 1991 British-American drama film directed by Ken Russell and starring Theresa Russell. The screenplay by Russell is based on David Hines' play of the same name. While not a financial success grossing a little over $1 million the film did attract some positive notices and generated an unrelated sequel a 1994 film Whore II.
 The Incredible Sarah is a 1976 British drama film directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Glenda Jackson. It presents dramatization of the acting career of Sarah Bernhardt.
 The Future of Food is a 2004 American documentary film which describes an investigation into unlabelled patented genetically engineered foods that have been sold in grocery stores in the United States for the past decade.
 Shrink is a 2009 American independent film about a psychologist who treats members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles California. It stars an ensemble cast headed by Kevin Spacey as Dr. Henry Carter. Filming took place in Los Angeles under the direction of Jonas Pate using a script written by Thomas Moffett. The film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. The film also includes music by Jackson Browne.
 Where The Toys Come From is a Disney stop-motion animated special directed by Theodore Thomas created in 1983 and then released in 1984 by Walt Disney Studio Showcase. It follows the journey of two toys named Zoom (voice over by Larry Wright) and Peepers (voice over by Jon Harvey) as they try to find out where they were made. Their owner named Robin (played by Erin Young) assists them in their journey. Their search begins in a toy museum where they find out they were made in Japan.
 Stolen Spring (Danish: ''Det Forsømte Forår'') is a 1993 Danish film adaptation of Hans Scherfig's novel The Stolen Spring.Stolen Spring was shot in 1993 starring some of the biggest stars in Danish Cinema such as Fritz Helmuth. The book is a collective novel in that the protagonist isn't a single person but rather a group. Some critics think that the movie remake has failed to retain this and other thematics and therefore does not deliver Scherfig's socialist message.
 Mary is a 1994 dramatised documentary from Australia about Mary MacKillop.
 Happy Ghost V is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko. The film stars Raymond Wong.
 Tennessee's Partner (1955) is a Western film starring Ronald Reagan in what Peter Bogdanovich called his most likeable performance. It co-starred John Payne as Tennessee.It was directed by Allan Dwan who lived to be 96 and had a 52-year directorial career.While the movie is based upon one of Bret Harte's most popular short stories it departs significantly from the original story line.
 Romanticismo is a 1950 Italian drama film directed by Clemente Fracassi.The film is set in Milan in 1858 and involves a Dr. Antonio Ansperti from Como implicated in the activities of the Young Italy revolutionary movement.
 Quarantine 2: Terminal is a 2011 American science fiction horror film and a sequel to the 2008 film Quarantine. It was written and directed by John Pogue and produced by Marc Brienstock.
 Halloween II is a 2009 American horror film written directed and produced by Rob Zombie. The film is a sequel to Zombie's 2007 reboot of the Halloween film series and the tenth installment of the franchise. Picking up where the 2007 film ended and then jumping ahead one year Halloween II follows Laurie Strode as she deals with the aftermath of the previous film's events Dr.
 Ghunghat is a 1960 Hindi movie directed by Ramanand Sagar. The film stars Bharat Bhushan Leela Chitnis Pradeep Kumar Bina Rai Asha Parekh Helen Rajendranath Rehman and Agha. The films music is by Ravi. The film became a hit at the box office. Musically also it was liked by audience. 'Lage na mora jiya' 'meri sun le urge banwari' 'mori chham chham baje payaliya' sung by Lata Mangeshkar were hit songs from the film.
 Home Town Story is a 1951 American drama film directed by Arthur Pierson and starring Jeffrey Lynn Donald Crisp and Alan Hale Jr.. The film features Marilyn Monroe in a small early role. The film was backed by General Motors to promote the virtues of big business.
 Dee Saturday Night is an upcoming 2014 Indian Hindi film directed by Jay Prakash. The film is scheduled to release on 21 February 2014. It stars Prashant Narayanan Arif Zakaria Aman Verma Amit Dimri Mahi Khanduri Gaurav Dixit Mushtaq Khan Vishwajeet Pradhan Nazneen Patel. Dee Saturday Night was about rave parties.
 The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a 2001 crime comedy film written by directed by and starring Woody Allen. The cast also features Helen Hunt Dan Aykroyd Elizabeth Berkley John Schuck Wallace Shawn David Ogden Stiers and Charlize Theron. The plot concerns an insurance investigator and an efficiency expert who are both hypnotized by a crooked hypnotist into stealing jewels.
 Dogma is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith who also stars in the film along with an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck Matt Damon Linda Fiorentino Alan Rickman Bud Cort Salma Hayek Chris Rock Jason Lee George Carlin Janeane Garofalo Alanis Morissette and Jason Mewes.Brian O'Halloran and Jeff Anderson the stars of Smith's debut film Clerks have cameo roles as do Smith regulars Scott Mosier Dwight Ewell Walt Flanagan and Bryan Johnson.The fourth film set in the View Askewniverse is a hypothetical-scenario film revolving around the Catholic Church and Catholic belief which caused organized protests and much controversy in many countries delaying release of the film and leading to at least two death threats against Smith. 
 23 Paces to Baker Street is a 1956 American drama film released by 20th Century Fox. It stars Van Johnson and Vera Miles.The Hitchcockian mystery thriller filmed in Cinemascope on location in London focuses on Philip Hannon a blind playwright who overhears a partial conversation he believes is related to the planning of a kidnapping.
 The Girl The Body and The Pill was a film made in 1967 and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.
 Enemy Image is a 2005 documentary film by Mark Daniels about the portrayal of warfare in television news. The film focuses initially on the Vietnam War as the first war ever televised live. During this war the American government allowed reporters onto the battlefield with little supervision or control.
 The Mad Ghoul (1943) is a science fiction and Universal monsters horror film also known as Mystery of the Ghoul starring Turhan Bey Evelyn Ankers and David Bruce and featuring George Zucco Robert Armstrong and Milburn Stone.
 This Happy Breed is a 1944 British Technicolor drama film directed by David Lean. The screenplay by Lean Anthony Havelock-Allan and Ronald Neame is based on the 1939 play of the same title by Noël Coward. The title a reference to the English people is a phrase from John of Gaunt's monologue in Act II Scene 1 of William Shakespeare's Richard II.
 Passion of Mind is a 2000 American psychological romantic drama film starring Demi Moore. It was the first English-language film from Belgian director Alain Berliner best known for the arthouse success Ma Vie en Rose.
 Eakantham (Malayalam: ഏകാന്തം) is a 2006 Malayalam feature film directed by Madhu Kaithapram who made his debut. The film stars veteran actors Thilakan and Murali. It tells the story of two brothers who suffer from isolation and loneliness in their old age. It received critical praise and won many awards including two National Film Awards and a Kerala State Film Award.
 The Little Napoleon (German: Der kleine Napoleon) is a 1923 German silent historical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Egon von Hagen Paul Heidemann and Harry Liedtke. It depicts the life and amorous adventures of Jérôme Bonaparte the younger brother of Napoleon who installed him as King of Westphalia.The film is today best known for the small role played by Marlene Dietrich as Kathrin a lady's maid.
 It's My Country Too: Muslim Americans is a 2005 documentary film directed by Clifford Bestall and produced by Ruhi Hamid. The film follows the journey of the South Asian rock music band Junoon during their tours to America and the lives of Salman Ahmad and Muslims in the United States and the Muslims for Bush pressure group.On March 3 2005 Salman Ahmad appeared on the documentary which aired on BBC television documentary strand This World.
 Necropolis Awakened is a 2002 American action-horror film written and directed by Garrett White. It stars Duke White Brandon White and Garrett White in multiple roles. An evil corporation bent on world domination begins their genetic experimentation in a small Oregon town but they find unexpected resistance from an alcoholic veteran.
 Persecuted is an upcoming action drama mystery film directed and written by Daniel Lusko. The film stars James Remar Bruce Davison Dean Stockwell Raoul Trujillo Fred Thompson Brad Stine David House and Tabatha Shaun.
 The Amazing Mr. Bickford is a video released by Frank Zappa in 1987 containing orchestral pieces by Zappa set to the clay animation of Bruce Bickford. As of December 2011 the video has not yet been released on DVD.
 Das zweite Schraube-Fragment is a 1985 Austrian short adventure film directed by Walter Andreas Christen. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
 Once Bitten is a 1985 American horror comedy film starring Lauren Hutton Jim Carrey and Karen Kopins. Carrey stars as Mark Kendall an innocent and naive high school student who is seduced in a Hollywood club by a sultry blonde countess (Hutton) who unknown to him is really a centuries old vampire. The film was Carrey's seventh film and his first main role.
 The Manitou is an American horror movie from 1978 with Tony Curtis and Susan Strasberg based on a 1975 book by Graham Masterton. The movie is based on an old legend about the American Indian spirit-concept Manitou.
 Magnificent Obsession is a 1954 Universal International Pictures Technicolor romantic feature film directed by Douglas Sirk; starring Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson. The screenplay was written by Robert Blees and Wells Root after the 1929 book Magnificent Obsession by Lloyd C. Douglas. The film was produced by Ross Hunter.
 …-styled robbery (Russian: Ограбление по… translit. Ograblenie po...) is a 1978 Soviet animated film by Yefim Gamburg. The film was split into four sections: the first three are named American-styled robbery French-styled robbery Italian-styled robbery and the last section though untitled clearly refers to the USSR. Each part is a parody of crime films of 1960s and 1970s in the corresponding countries.
 Anni struggenti is a 1979 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Bhagya Rekha or Bhagyarekha (Telugu: భాగ్యరేఖ) is a 1957 Telugu film directed by B. N. Reddi and produced by Ponnaluri brothers.The popular Devotional song Neevundeda Kondapai Naasaami Nenundedee Nelapai by P. Susheela is in this film. Lyrics is written by Devulapalli Krishnasastri.
 Last Refuge (French: Dernier refuge) is a French film from 1947 directed by Alex Joffé written by Maurice Griffe and Marc Maurette and starring Raymond Rouleau. The film featured Louis de Funès in a supporting role.
 Navvuthu Bathakalira is a 2001 Telugu drama film starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Malavika. It is a remake of Tamil film Eazhaiyin Sirippil.
 Gibraltar is a 1938 French drama film directed by Fedor Ozep and starring Viviane Romance Roger Duchesne Abel Jacquin and Erich von Stroheim.
 King Kong is a 1933 American fantasy monster/adventure film directed and produced by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack. The screenplay by James Ashmore Creelman and Ruth Rose was from an idea conceived by Cooper and Edgar Wallace. It stars Fay Wray Bruce Cabot and Robert Armstrong and opened in New York City on March 2 1933 to rave reviews.The film tells of a gigantic island-dwelling ape called Kong who dies in an attempt to possess a beautiful young woman.
 Miss You Can Do It is a documentary film that follows contestants of the Miss You Can Do It Pageant produced and directed by Ron Davis.
 The Devil's Rock is a 2011 New Zealand horror film directed by Paul Campion written by Campion Paul Finch and Brett Ihaka and starring Craig Hall Matthew Sunderland Gina Varela and Karlos Drinkwater. It is set in the Channel Islands on the eve of D-Day and tells the story of two New Zealand commandos who discover a Nazi occult plot to unleash a demon to win World War II. The film combines elements of war films and supernatural horror films.
 Jhumke is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1946.
 More to Be Pitied Than Scorned is a lost 1922 silent film melodrama starring Alice Lake and Rosemary Theby. It was directed by Edward LeSaint and produced by Harry Cohn. It was the first film from Columbia Studios
 Sea Fury is a 1958 British action film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Stanley Baker Victor McLaglen Luciana Paluzzi and Grégoire Aslan. A violent rivalry develops between two tug-boat operators in Spain. Some of the exteriors were shot in the Costa Brava. Sea Fury was instrumental in the comeback of director Cy Endfield who'd been forced to flee Hollywood and seek work in England because of the Hollywood Blacklist.
 The Day of the Dolphin is a 1973 American science-fiction thriller film directed by Mike Nichols and starring George C. Scott. Loosely based on the 1967 novel Un animal doué de raison (A Sentient Animal) by French writer Robert Merle the screenplay was written by Buck Henry.
 Sanyasi Mera Naam is a 1999 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Imran Khalid starring Mithun Chakraborty Siddharth Dhawan Shalini Kapoor Raushni Jaffrey Kader Khan Milind Gunaji and Dhananjay Singh. The film also has Dharmendra in a special appearance.
 Run is a 1991 film directed by Geoff Burrowes. The movie stars Patrick Dempsey and Kelly Preston.
 Tre colonne in cronaca (Three columns in the news) is a 1990 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Vanzina. It is loosely based on the novel with the same name written by Corrado Augias and Daniela Pasti.For his performance Sergio Castellitto won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor.
 Fear Strikes Out (1957) is a dramatic film depicting the life and career of American baseball player Jimmy Piersall. It is based on Piersall's autobiography Fear Strikes Out: The Jim Piersall Story written by Al Hirshberg. The film stars Anthony Perkins as Piersall and Karl Malden as his father and it was directed by Robert Mulligan. This film is a Paramount Picture. Gary Vinson had an uncredited role in the film as a high school baseball player.
 A Horrible Way to Die is a 2010 horror thriller film written by Simon Barrett and directed by Adam Wingard and produced by Travis Stevens Simon Barrett and Kim Sherman.The film follows the journey of an escaped serial killer as he chases down his ex-girlfriend.It had its world premiere at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival Vanguard program where it was picked up for distribution by Anchor Bay Entertainment.
 Refused Are Fucking Dead is a 2006 documentary about the punk band Refused and the last year of their career. The film was directed by the band's guitarist Kristofer Steen.
 Lal Tuku Tuku Sadhaba Bahu (Oriya: ଲାଲ୍ ଟୁକ୍ ଟୁକ୍ ସାଧବ ବୋହୁ) is a 2007 Indian Oriya film directed by Sangram Biswal
 I Want to Live (German: Ich will leben) is a 1976 Austrian drama film directed by Jörg A. Eggers. The film was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 50th Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Sherlock Holmes is a 2009 British–American action mystery film based on the character of the same name created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The film was directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver Lionel Wigram Susan Downey and Dan Lin. The screenplay by Michael Robert Johnson Anthony Peckham and Simon Kinberg was developed from a story by Lionel Wigram and Michael Robert Johnson. Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law portray Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson respectively.
 The Yankee Girl is a 1915 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco distributed by Paramount Pictures and starring Blanche Ring from the Broadway stage. This film though a comedy is actually based on Ring's 1910 musical-comedy play of the same name.
 Violenza al sole (also known as Blow Hot Blow Cold and The Island) is a 1969 Italian thriller-drama film directed by Florestano Vancini.
 Alraune is a 1918 Hungarian science fiction horror film directed by Michael Curtiz and Edmund Fritz and starring Géza Erdélyi. Little is known about this film which is now believed to be lost. It is a variation on the original legend of Alraune in which a Mad Scientist creates a beautiful but demonic child from the forced union between a woman and a Mandrake root.
 How to Kill Your Neighbor's Dog is a 2000 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Michael Kalesniko and produced by Michael Nozik Nancy M. Ruff and Brad Weston.
 My Name Is Juani (Spanish: Yo soy la Juani) is a 2006 Spanish drama film written and directed by Bigas Luna.
 Heropanti is an upcoming Bollywood film marking the debut of Tiger Shroff and Kriti Sanon in lead roles alongside Sandeepa Dhar in a pivotal role. It will be the debut movie for 21 of the actors.The film is be produced by Sajid Nadiadwala and directed by Sabbir Khan. The trailer was released on April 4 2014. The soundtrack for the movie has been composed by Sajid-Wajid.
 Hotline is a 1982 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Jerry Jameson. The working title of the film was Reach Out.
 I Am Guilty (German: Falscher Bekenner) is a 2005 German drama film directed by Christoph Hochhäusler. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.
 Thinner (marketed as Stephen King's Thinner) is a 1996 American Body horror film directed by Tom Holland and written by Michael McDowell with the screenplay by Tom Holland. The film is based on the Stephen King novel of the same name and stars Robert John Burke Joe Mantegna Lucinda Jenney Michael Constantine Kari Wührer and Bethany Joy Lenz.The film screened alongside Michael Jackson's short film Michael Jackson's Ghosts in select theaters around the world.
 BloodRayne 2: Deliverance is a 2007 direct-to-DVD vampire/Western film set in 1880's America and directed by Uwe Boll. The film is a sequel to the 2006 film BloodRayne which was also directed by Uwe Boll and starred Kristanna Loken. In Deliverance Natassia Malthe replaces Loken in the lead role.
 Estoy hecho un demonio is a 1972 Argentine film.
 A Journey Through Filmland is a 1921 documentary about Hollywood made by Beaumont Smith during his visit there. It includes appearances from Charlie Chaplin Douglas Fairbanks Warren Kerrigan Mildred Harris Ben Turpin Wallace Reid and Bill Hart.
 Come Out Fighting is a short 1973 Australian feature directed by Nigel Buesst.
 A Double Winning is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.
 Broken Side of Time which made its film festival debut in June 2013 is a drama by Gorman Bechard part two of his Alone Trilogy that began with his 2005 feature You Are Alone.
 Department Store is a 1935 British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Geraldine Fitzgerald Eve Gray Garry Marsh and Sebastian Shaw. It is also known by the alternative title Bargain Basement.
 My Brilliant Career is a 1979 Australian drama film directed by Gillian Armstrong and based on the novel of the same name by Miles Franklin.The film was released in Australia on 17 August 1979; in the United States on 6 October 1979 at the New York Film Festival and 1 February 1980 in limited U.S. theaters; in Japan on 2 January 1982; and in Poland on 23 July 2007 at Era New Horizons Film Festival. The film is also available in DVD in several regions including Region 1 DVD.
 Zavallılar is a film directed by Yılmaz Güney and written by Yılmaz Güney and Atıf Yılmaz. Cast includes Yılmaz Güney Yıldırım Önel Göktürk Güney Hülya Şengül Hakkı Güvenç and Güven Şengil. It was produced by Güney Film.After Güney had begun to shoot the film he went behind bars due to the reason that he had sheltered anarchist students at home.
 Lilacs in the Spring is a 1954 English musical film starring Anna Neagle and Errol Flynn. It was the first of two movies the stars made together the other being King's Rhapsody. It was released in the USA as Let's Make Up. It was the feature film debut of (a then-unknown) Sean Connery.
 Rechter Thomas is a 1953 Dutch film directed by Walter Smith in black and white. The plot is based on the book Rechter Thomas by Francois Pauwels. The film drew circa 244000 visitors.
 Speed Limited is a 1935 American crime film directed by Albert Herman and starring Evelyn Brent.
 Shanghai is a 2010 American mystery/thriller neo-noir film directed by Mikael Håfström starring John Cusack and Gong Li. The film was released in China on June 17 2010. It has never been released in the United States.
 Urangatha Sundari is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1969. It is a remake of Alfred Hitchcock's film Rebecca (1940).Plot [edit]Prabhavathi meets rich Vikraman Karthavu and they both fall in love and get married. Vikraman brings Prabhavathi to his home- A huge imposing mansion in middle of Moors. Prabhavathi learns from servants about Vikraman's first wife Vilasini who died in mysterious circumstances about a year ago.
 The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 is an upcoming 2014 science fiction adventure film directed by Francis Lawrence and written by Danny Strong. It is the first of two cinematic parts based on the novel Mockingjay the final book in The Hunger Games trilogy written by Suzanne Collins and the third installment in The Hunger Games film series. The film stars Jennifer Lawrence Josh Hutcherson and Liam Hemsworth.
 Seas Beneath is a 1931 American action film directed by John Ford.
 Flames of Passion (1922) was a British silent film drama directed by Graham Cutts starred Mae Marsh and C. Aubrey Smith.The film was made by the newly formed Graham-Wilcox Productions company a joint venture between Cutts and producer Herbert Wilcox. The entrepreneurial Wilcox tempted American star Marsh to England with a high salary offer believing this would improve the film's marketability in the U.S.The gamble paid off as it became the first post-war British film to be sold to the U.S.
 Snow in Paradise is an upcoming British thriller film directed by Andrew Hulme. It has been selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
 Food Matters is a 2008 documentary film about nutrition. The film presents the thesis that a selective diet can play a key role in treating a range of health conditions such as diabetes cancer heart disease and depression often substituting for medical treatment. Furthermore it tends to label the medical industry as a sickness industry which profits more from treating the symptoms of illness than curing the illness.
 Slow West is an upcoming British action thriller western film directed and written by John Maclean. The film stars Michael Fassbender Kodi Smit-McPhee and Ben Mendelsohn.
 Night Parade is an American dramatic film directed by Malcolm St. Clair based on the play Ringside by Hyatt Daab Edward Paramore Jr. and George Abbott. Released by RKO Pictures in October of 1929 it starred Hugh Trevor Aileen Pringle Dorothy Gulliver and Robert Ellis.
 Eetti is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Rajasekhar. The film stars Vijayakanth Vishnuvardhan and Nalini in the lead roles.
 Meshes of the Afternoon (1943) is a short experimental film directed by wife-and-husband team Maya Deren and Alexander Hammid. The film's narrative is circular and repeats several motifs including a flower on a long driveway a key falling a door unlocked a knife in a loaf of bread a mysterious Grim Reaper–like cloaked figure with a mirror for a face a phone off the hook and an ocean.
 Fatty and the Heiress is a 1914 short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.
 Kotigobba (Kannada: ಕೋಟಿಗೊಬ್ಬ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language action-drama film starring Vishnuvardhan Priyanka Trivedi and Ashish Vidyarthi in the lead roles. The film a remake of Tamil blockbuster film Baashha (1995) is directed Naganna and features soundtrack from Deva who also composed for the original version.
 Abbott and Costello Go To Mars is a 1953 American science fiction comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. The film follows the misadventures of Lester and Orville who accidentally find themselves on a rocketship bound for Mars which accidentally lands at the New Orleans Mardi Gras. The pair are forced by bank robbers Mugsy and Harry to fly to Venus where they encounter a civilization consisting entirely of women.
 Girl of the Golden West (Italian:Una signora dell'ovest) is a 1942 Italian western film directed by Carl Koch and starring Michel Simon Isa Pola and Rossano Brazzi. It is based on a novel by Pierre Benoit. It was made at the Scalera Studios in Rome and on location around Ciociaria. The film's title alludes to the opera The Girl of the Golden West by Giacomo Puccini but is not an adaptation of it.
 The Haunting in Connecticut is a 2009 American psychological horror film produced by Gold Circle Films and directed by Peter Cornwell. The film is alleged to be about Carmen Snedeker and her family though Ray Garton author of In a Dark Place: The Story of a True Haunting (1992) has publicly distanced himself from the accuracy of the events he depicted in the book.
 Steadfast Benjamin (German:Der standhafte Benjamin) is a 1917 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Arnold Rieck Guido Herzfeld and Martha Altenberg. After inherting a large sum of money a shoe store worker has to continue in his job due to his ten-year contract but lives the high life each night.
 The Look of Love is a 2013 British biopic of Paul Raymond directed by Michael Winterbottom. It stars comedian Steve Coogan as Raymond.
 for TV series see Rishtey (TV series) for TV channel see Rishtey (TV channel)Rishtey (English: Relations) is a Bollywood film released on 6 December 2002. The film directed by Indra Kumar stars Anil Kapoor Karisma Kapoor Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri in the lead roles. The film had a Below Average opening and flopped at the Box Office.
 The Ugly Duckling is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Lance Comfort for Hammer Film Productions and starring Bernard Bresslaw Jon Pertwee and Reginald Beckwith. The film is a comic adaptation of the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde storyline and has nothing to do with the Hans Christian Andersen story.
 The One Man Jury is a 1978 USA crime film directed by Charles Martin.
 Bhakta Prahlada is a 1983 Indian Kannada mythological film directed by Vijay. The film stars Rajkumar Saritha Master Lohith and Ananth Nag in lead roles. The music is composed by T. G. Lingappa. The film won State Film Awards in Sound recording and cinematography categories.
 Redhead (German: Die Rote Italian: La rossa) is a 1962 German-Italian drama film directed by Helmut Käutner. It was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival.
 Species III is a 2004 American science fiction horror film. The film directed by Brad Turner is the third installment of the Species series and stars Robert Knepper Sunny Mabrey Robin Dunne Amelia Cooke and John Paul Pitoc. Natasha Henstridge who was contracted to a trilogy commencing with the first Species film briefly reprises the role of Eve in the opening scene.The film premiered on the American channel Syfy on November 27 2004.
 Comme un aimant (released in the USA as The Magnet) is a 2000 French film by Kamel Saleh and Akhenaton. It depicts eight young people living in the district of Panier in Marseille. The film's title means 'like a magnet' and is a reference to a line in the film accusing two characters of being lazy and 'sitting there with your asses stuck to that bench like a magnet'.
 Brainstorm (Portuguese: Bicho de Sete Cabeças) is a 2000 Brazilian drama film directed by Laís Bodanzky and written by Luiz Bolognesi based on the autobiographical book Canto dos Malditos by Austregésilo Carrano Bueno. The film was made with the partnership between Brazilian producers Buriti Filmes Dezenove Som e Imagens Produções Ltda.
 Hypnosis (German: Hypnose) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and featuring Béla Lugosi.
 The Greening of Whitney Brown is a 2011 adventure film directed by Peter Skillman Odiorne. It stars Aidan Quinn Brooke Shields Kris Kristofferson and Sammi Hanratty. The film was released to theaters on November 11 2011.
 Orange (Telugu: ఆరంజ్) is a 2010 Telugu Action romantic comedy film directed by Bhaskar in his third venture after Bommarillu and Parugu. The film features Ram Charan and Genelia D'Souza with Shazahn Padamsee playing a pivotal role. The film whose music was composed by Harris Jayaraj began the first schedule in February 2010 and was released on November 26 2010. This film was an average grosser but had extremely high production values.
 Shanghai Kiss is a 2007 direct-to-DVD film. The film was released on DVD on October 9 2007.Hayden Panettiere won the Feature Film Award at the Newport Beach Film Festival for her role as Adelaide.Liam Liu (Ken Leung) a Chinese American actor dwelling in Los Angeles unwittingly gets involved with a high school girl. He suddenly has to go to China after learning from his father that he has inherited his grandmother's home in Shanghai.
 Cybermutt is a 2002 sci-fi comedy that was made for Animal Planet as part of a trio of movies for the cable channel called Animal Tales. Cybermutt is a fictional golden retriever.
 Vacations in the Other World or Vacaciones en el otro mundo is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici. The film a seriocomedy explores the gap between the high-pressure world of business and the ambience of domestic living.
 Au Secours! is a 1924 short comedy film directed by Abel Gance and starring Max Linder. The French title translates into English as 'help!'
 Mazhathullikkilukkam is a 2002 Malayalam movie directed by Akbar Jose. The movie features Dileep Navya Nair Sharada and Bharathi in the lead roles.The movie was produced by Sharada under the banner of Sharada Productions and was distributed by Sargam Speed Release.Mazhathullikilukkam not well in box office .After mazhathullikilukkam and sadhanandante samayam Akbar jose team will split because these movies are not well in box office .
 Eagle Squadron is a 1942 American war film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Robert Stack Diana Barrymore John Loder and Nigel Bruce. The film is based on the real Eagle Squadrons American pilots who volunteered to fly for the Royal Air Force during World War II.
 Miracles (Chinese: 奇蹟; Mandarin Pinyin: qí jī; Jyutping: kei zik) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed and written by Jackie Chan who also starred in the lead role and worked as stunt co-ordinator. The film is set in 1930s Hong Kong and is a variation of Frank Capra's Lady for a Day and Pocketful of Miracles which in turn were based on Madame La Gimp a short story by Damon Runyon. The movie was remade in Hindi as Singh Is Kinng with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif.
 Bush Family Fortunes: The Best Democracy Money Can Buy is a 2004 documentary film directed by Steven Grandison and Greg Palast. The film which examines various aspects of the Presidency of George W.
 Storytelling Giant was a 1988 compilation of ten music videos produced by Talking Heads during the 1980s. The videos are linked by real people (not actors) telling stories from their lives. The stories have no logical connection to the videos.The film has been released on VHS tape and 12 CD Video Laserdisc. A DVD version was released as part of Rhino's Once in a Lifetime box set with three additional videos.
 Jacquou le Croquant is a 1969 French miniseries in 6 episodes: five 90-minute episodes and one 120-minute episode. The series was directed by Stellio Lorenzi and aired from October 4 1969 to November 8 1969 on Office de radiodiffusion télévision française channel 1.
 No Hands on the Clock is a 1941 American film directed by Frank McDonald.
 The Garden of Sinners: The Hollow Shrine (空の境界 第四章 伽藍の洞 Kara no Kyōkai Dai-Yonshō: Garan no Dō) is a 2008 Japanese animated film produced by ufotable based on the Kara no Kyōkai novels by Kinoko Nasu. It is the fourth installment in the series preceded by Remaining Sense of Pain (2008) and followed by Paradox Spiral (2008).
 La rueda de la vida is a 1942 Spanish film directed by Florián Rey.
 The Nephew is a 1998 film directed by Eugene Brady which tells the story of a young biracial American man Chad Egan-Washington (played by Hill Harper).
 Crimebusters (Italian: Poliziotti violenti) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.
 Aiyyaa is a Hindi rom-com film written and directed by Sachin Kundalkar. The film is jointly produced by Anurag Kashyap and Viacom 18. The film stars Rani Mukerji and Prithviraj in the lead roles. This film is the debut Bollywood film of Malayalam actor Prithviraj Sukumaran. The trailer for the film was released on 6 September 2012. The movie was released on 12 October 2012. Aiyyaa was an average grosser.
 Jibon Theke Neya (Bengali: জীবন থেকে নেয়া) is a Bengali film by Bangladeshi filmmaker Zahir Raihan.The film is a political satire based on the Bengali Language Movement and stars Shaukat Akbar Anwar Hossain Khan Ataur Rahman and Rosy Samad.Jibon Theke Neya has been described as an example of national cinema using discrete local traditions to build a representation of the Bangladeshi national identity.
 La cieca di Sorrento is a 1952 Italian film. The film is based on the novel by Francesco Mastriani and is the third time that it has been filmed.
 Quicksand is a 2003 direct-to-video British-French-German co-produced action film starring Michael Keaton and Michael Caine. It was released in Germany Finland Sweden and Norway in 2003 in United States on March 16 2004 and in the United Kingdom on November 1 2004. Quicksand was filmed in South France between December 2000 and January 2001 originally set for a 2002 release.
 Intruders is a four hour CBS miniseries dealing with the subject of alien abduction that was first broadcast in 1992. The miniseries starred Richard Crenna Daphne Ashbrook and Mare Winningham. It was partially based on ufologist Budd Hopkins' book Intruders: The Incredible Visitations at Copley Woods.
 Haunters (Hangul: 초능력자; RR: Choneungryeokja; lit. Psychic) is a 2010 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Min-seok. It depicts the struggle between a psychic named Cho-in (Kang Dong-won) who can control people with his mind and a man named Kyu-nam (Go Soo) who is immune to the psychic's supernatural power.
 Billy the Kid in Santa Fe is a 1941 American film directed by Sam Newfield.
 Tribute is a 1980 Canadian comedy film directed by Bob Clark and based on the play of the same name by Bernard Slade.
 The Witness is a film made in 2000 by James LaVeck and Jenny Stein. The name of LaVeck and Stein's non-profit organization is Tribe of Heart.The film depicts the transformation of a New York City construction contractor with an upbringing where animals were treated with suspicion or indifference to becoming an animal lover and animal rights activist.Jason Longo was the cinematographer and Jane Greenberg did the sound.
 Australian Rules is a 2002 Australian film directed by Paul Goldman. The film was adapted from the novel Deadly Unna? and Nukkin Ya by Phillip Gwynne. It stars Nathan Phillips Luke Carroll Tom Budge Brian Torry and Lisa Flanagan. The film was launched at the Adelaide Festival of Arts on 5 March 2002 and nationwide on 29 August 2002.
 Orukkam ( ഒരുക്കം ) is a Malyalam thriller movie released in 1990. The film stars Suresh Gopi Ranjini and Murali in lead roles. The film was directed by K Madhu.
 I Am a Thief is a 1934 American crime-drama film directed by Robert Florey. Ricardo Cortez plays a jewel dealer who hopes to provoke and catch an international jewel thief so he transports the famous Karenina diamonds from Paris across Europe to Istanbul on the Orient Express along with a trainload of suspicious characters.
 Sword of the Stranger ( ストレンヂア 無皇刃譚 Sutorenjia Mukōhadan Stranja Mukōhadan) is a 2007 Japanese anime film directed by Masahiro Andō and produced by Bones. The film follows Kotaro a young boy who is hunted by a group of swordsmen from Ming Dynasty China for mysterious reasons. Among the group is a fearsome Western fighter named Luo-Lang whose only desire is to find a worthy opponent.
 The Amazing Mr. X (1948) also known as The Spiritualist is a film noir directed by Bernard Vorhaus with cinematography by John Alton. Like Nightmare Alley (1947) this film tells the story of a phony spiritualist racket. The film is prominently featured in Alton's book on cinematography Painting with Light (1949). The film stars Turhan Bey Lynn Bari Cathy O'Donnell and Richard Carlson.
 Murder 3 is an Indian film and the sequel to the 2011 film Murder 2. Directed by Vishesh Bhatt and produced by Mukesh Bhatt from Vishesh Films. This is the third instalment in the Murder film series and is an official Bollywood remake of the Colombian thriller The Hidden Face. Murder 3 was released on 15 February 2013 to mixed reviews. The film performed moderately well at the box office.
 Gung Ho is a 1986 Ron Howard comedy film released by Paramount Pictures and starring Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. The story portrayed the takeover of an American car plant by a Japanese corporation (although the title is an Americanized Chinese expression for work and together). The film was rated PG-13 in the US and certified 15 in the UK.
 On purge bébé (Baby's Laxative) is Jean Renoir's first sound film. It is a 1931 comedy about a supposedly unbreakable chamberpot and a constipated baby. It is noted for mocking the French bourgeoisie.Renoir made the film in order to get backing for other projects. His next film was La Chienne.
 The Forbidden Street is a 1949 British drama film directed by Jean Negulesco and starring Dana Andrews Maureen O'Hara Sybil Thorndike Fay Compton and A. E. Matthews. In Victorian London a young woman marries a poor drunken artist and struggles to make ends meet. After his death she takes in a lodger whom she soon falls in love with.
 Tom & Viv is a 1994 film directed by Brian Gilbert which tells the story of the relationship between the American poet T. S. Eliot and his first wife Vivienne Haigh-Wood Eliot. They were married in 1915 after a brief courtship and separated in 1933 though they never divorced.The film based on a 1984 play by the same name by British playwright Michael Hastings stars Willem Dafoe Miranda Richardson Rosemary Harris Tim Dutton and Nickolas Grace.
 Nite Tales: The Movie is a 2008 horror anthology that includes two movies: Karma and Storm. It was written by Diana Erwin and Deon Taylor. The film is hosted by rapper Flavor Flav who is seen wearing his trademark large oversized necklace clock.
 Life in a Day is a crowdsourced drama/documentary film comprising an arranged series of video clips selected from 80000 clips submitted to the YouTube video sharing website the clips showing respective occurrences from around the world on a single day July 24 2010.The film is 94 minutes 53 seconds long and includes scenes selected from 4500 hours of footage in 80000 submissions from 192 nations.
 Chandipriya is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 Japón (Spanish: Japan) is a 2002 film by the Mexican director Carlos Reygadas. It was Reygadas' debut feature.
 Mabel's Adventures is a 1912 American short silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand and produced and directed by Mack Sennett for the Mutual Film Corporation.
 Lal Chunariya is a 1983 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sundershan Lal starring Zarina Wahab Aruna Irani Parikshit Sahni Pradeep Kumar Romesh Sharma and Mithun Chakraborty in a special appearance.
 Magical Mystery Tour is a 52-minute long British television film starring the Beatles (John Lennon Paul McCartney George Harrison and Ringo Starr) which originally aired on BBC1 on Boxing Day 26 December 1967. Upon its initial showing the film was poorly received by critics and audiences. The film received an American theatrical release in 1974 by New Line Cinema. and in select theatres worldwide in 2012 by Apple Films.
 Café Flesh is a 1982 post-apocalyptic cult pornographic science fiction film designed and directed by Stephen Sayadian (under the pseudonym Rinse Dream) and co-written by Sayadian and Jerry Stahl (credited as Herbert W. Day). Music was composed and produced by noted music producer Mitchell Froom (and later appeared in his album Key of Cool).Two sequels Cafe Flesh 2 and Cafe Flesh 3 were released in 1997 and 2003 without the participation of the original creators.
 Kabuliwala (काबुलीवाला) is a 1961 Hindi film based on a story Kabuliwala written by the Bengali writer Rabindranath Tagore. It was directed by Hemen Gupta who had remained private secretary to Subhas Chandra Bose and went on to direct many films including Taksaal (1956) also starring Balraj Sahni and his tribute Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose (1966). The film starred Balraj Sahni Usha Kiran Sajjan Sonu and Baby Farida.
 The Rose is a 1979 American musical drama film which tells the story of a self-destructive 1960s rock star who struggles to cope with the constant pressures of her career and the demands of her ruthless business manager. The film stars Bette Midler Alan Bates Frederic Forrest Harry Dean Stanton Barry Primus and David Keith.The story is loosely based on the life of singer Janis Joplin.
 Afsar is a 1950 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Chetan Anand. It was produced by and starred Dev Anand. It co-starred Suraiya who also recorded the playback singing for the film. The film was based on Nikolai Gogol's play The Government Inspector. Afsar was the first film produced under the Navketan Films banner.
 Janumada Jodi (Kannada: ಜನುಮದ ಜೋಡಿ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada film directed by T. S. Nagabharana based on a gujarathi novel Malela Jiva by Pannalal Patel and starring Shivarajkumar and Shilpa in lead roles. The story deals with the caste system.
 Hold Everything is a 1930 early all-talking film. It was the first musical comedy film to be released that was photographed entirely in early two-color Technicolor. It was adapted from the DeSylva-Brown-Henderson Broadway musical of the same name that had served as a vehicle for Bert Lahr and starred Winnie Lightner and Joe E. Brown as the comedy duo. The romantic subplot was played by Georges Carpentier and Sally O'Neil.
 Whole is a documentary about people with body integrity identity disorder. It first was broadcast on the Sundance Channel in 2004.
 Udayon is a 2005 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal and directed by Bhadran.The film was a box office failure.Jyothika was also offered to act as lead actress with Mohanlal in Udayon directed by Bhadran.but she couldn't do it due to her busy schedules in Tamil. she was later replaced by Laya.
 Janta V/S Janardan – Bechara Aam Aadmi is an upcoming Bollywood film based on political satire produced by Dhananjay Kumar Yadav under the banner of Dhananjay Films.
 Stupid But Brave is a 1924 comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle.
 Debt of Honour is a 1936 British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Leslie Banks Will Fyffe Geraldine Fitzgerald and Garry Marsh.
 Shikkar (Malayalam: ശിക്കാര്‍; The Hunt) is a 2010 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal in lead role directed by Padmakumar produced by Tetco Rajagopal and written by S. Suresh Babu. It also has Samuthirakani Kailash Ananya Mythili and Sneha in supporting roles. It was a Ramzan release on 9 September 2010.
 Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya (Hindi: तेरे नाल लव हो गया In Love With You ) is a Hindi romance comedy film directed by Mandeep Kumar and produced by Kumar Taurani. The film features Riteish Deshmukh opposite his wife Genelia D'Souza in the lead roles. This is the third film the couple star in and also their first on-screen pairing since their marriage. Diljit Dosanjh and Veena Malik appear in guest roles.Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya is jointly produced by Tips Industries and UTV Motion Pictures.
 The Biggest Bundle of Them All is a 1968 American crime film set in Naples Italy. The story is about a mobster and a novice gang of crooks who team up to steal $5 million worth of platinum ingots from a train. The film stars Robert Wagner and Raquel Welch and was directed by Ken Annakin.
 They Still Call Me Bruce is a 1987 comedy action film starring Johnny Yune. The film is a sequel to the 1982 film They Call Me Bruce?.
 Last Wedding is a 2001 Canadian comedy drama film written and directed by Bruce Sweeney. It opened the 26th annual Toronto International Film Festival in 2001. The film won several awards including the award for Best Canadian Film from the Toronto Film Critics Association.
 Mizhikal Sakshi (Malayalam: മിഴികൾ സാക്ഷി) is a 2008 Malayalam film. It is directed by Ashok R. Nath and stars Sukumari and Mohanlal.
 A Place Nearby (Danish: Her i nærheden) is a 2000 Danish drama film directed by Kaspar Rostrup and starring Ghita Nørby and Thure Lindhardt. It was Denmark's submission to the 73rd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Kukka Katuku Cheppu Debba is a Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi.
 The Fall of Italy (Croatian: Pad Italije) is a 1981 Yugoslav war film directed by Lordan Zafranović. It won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film at the 1981 Pula Film Festival.
 Northmen - A Viking Saga is an upcoming 2014 historical action film by Swiss director Claudio Fäh. It is an English language film produced by Swiss/German production house Elite Film Produktion (Zurich) in co-production with Jumping Horse Film GmbH (Hannover) and Two Oceans Production PTY Ltd (Capetown).
 Vienna (also known as Orson Welles' Vienna or Spying in Vienna) is a 1968 short film directed by Orson Welles. It was originally produced as part of his abandoned television special Orson's Bag which was made for CBS; but in 1969 with the project close to completion CBS withdrew their funding over Welles' long-running disputes with US authorities regarding his tax status. The film remained uncompleted.
 31 iyunya (31 June Russian: 31 июня) is a two-part fantasy TV musical loosely based on a story by John Boynton Priestley. The film premiered in the USSR in 1978.The film was conceived and developed by Leonid Kvinikhidze and Alexander Zatsepin. After its premiere it was archived for over ten years because Alexander Godunov one of the film's leads who was also a famous dancer in the Bolshoi Theatre requested political asylum in the United States due to persecution by Soviet censorship.
 Puthen Veedu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1971.
 Ship of Theseus is a 2012 Indian drama film written and directed by Anand Gandhi and produced by actor Sohum Shah.
 Mishawr Rohoshyo is a Bengali adventure thriller film directed by Srijit Mukherji based on the fictional character by Sunil Gangopadhyay. The film was released on 11 October 2013 and stars Prosenjit Chatterjee Indraneil Sengupta and Aryann Bhowmik. The plot revolves around a Hieroglyphic trail that leads the protagonist to Egypt and underneath a pyramid. The film became one of the biggest hits of 2013 and has gained a strong cult following from both the audience and critics.
 The Mirror of the World (German:Der Weltspiegel) is a 1918 German silent film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Adolf Klein Fritz Richard and Gertrude Welcker. It was the directoral debut of Pick who had been a prominent actor of the 1910s but had set up his own production company Rex-Film to take advantage of the booming German film industry. It was shot in Berlin. The film's art direction was by Hans Neirath.
 Muthukku Muthaaga is a Tamil comedy film Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Rasu Madhuravan. It stars Harish Natraj Vikranth Oviya Monica Ilavarasu and Saranya Ponvannan.
 Hard Eight is a 1996 American neo-noir crime thriller film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson starring Philip Baker Hall John C. Reilly Gwyneth Paltrow and Samuel L. Jackson. There are also brief appearances by Robert Ridgely Philip Seymour Hoffman and Melora Walters.The film originally titled Sydney was Anderson's first feature; Hall Reilly Ridgely Hoffman and Walters acted in Anderson's subsequent films.
 A Spot of Bother is a 1938 British comedy film directed by David MacDonald and starring Robertson Hare Alfred Drayton Sandra Storme and Kathleen Joyce. The film is a farce in which a Bishop unwisely decides to loan the cathedral funds to a dubious businessman. Meanwhile his secretary is involved with smuggled goods. It was shot at Pinewood Studios and adapted from a play by Vernon Sylvaine.
 Moon over Parador is a 1988 romantic comedy film starring Richard Dreyfuss Raúl Juliá and Sonia Braga. It is a remake of the 1939 film The Magnificent Fraud based on the unpublished short story entitled Caviar for His Excellency by Charles G. Booth.
 The Storage (Finnish: Varasto) is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Taru Mäkelä.
 Haar Jeet is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by C.P. Dixit. The film stars Rehana Sultan and Anil Dhawan .
 Son-Rise: A Miracle of Love is a televised docudrama film that aired on NBC in 1979 and is adapted by the biographical book Son-Rise (currently Son-Rise: The Miracle Continues) by Barry Neil Kaufman. It is the real life story of how according to his parents Raun Kaufman completely recovered from severe autism.
 The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension! often shortened to Buckaroo Banzai is a 1984 American science fiction film. It was directed and produced by W. D. Richter and concerns the efforts of the multi-talented Dr. Buckaroo Banzai a physicist neurosurgeon test pilot and rock musician to save the world by defeating a band of inter-dimensional aliens called Red Lectroids from Planet 10.
 Flight of the Intruder is a 1991 film directed by John Milius which is based on the novel of the same name by A-6 Intruder pilot Stephen Coonts. The film stars Danny Glover as Commander Frank 'Dooke' Camparelli Willem Dafoe as Lieutenant Commander Virgil 'Tiger' Cole and Brad Johnson as Lieutenant Jake 'Cool Hand' Grafton.
 Idiot is a 1992 Hindi film based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel The Idiot. It was directed by Mani Kaul and starred Shahrukh Khan and Ayub Khan-Din. The film debuted at the New York Film Festival in October 1992. In this version of the tale placed in contemporary Mumbai Prince Miskin (Khan-Din) is a man whose epilepsy is mistaken for idiocy.
 Wishing Stairs (Hangul: 여고괴담 3: 여우계단; RR: Yeogogoedam 3: Yeowoogyedam; also known as Whispering Corridors 3: Wishing Stairs) is a 2003 South Korean horror film. It is the third installment of the Whispering Corridors film series set in girls high schools but as with all films in the series is unrelated to the others; apart from a song being sung in one scene that is a pivotal plot in Voice.
 141 Minutes from the Unfinished Sentence (Hungarian: 141 perc a befejezetlen mondatból) is a 1975 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri. It was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival where Fábri won a Special Prize for Directing.
 It's Great to Be Alive (1933) is a science fiction musical comedy film produced by Fox Film Corporation is a remake of The Last Man on Earth (1924) and later influenced the novel Mr. Adam (1946) by Pat Frank.
 I'll Be Your Sweetheart is a 1945 British historical musical film directed by Val Guest and starring Margaret Lockwood Vic Oliver and Michael Rennie. At the beginning of the Twentieth Century the composers of popular music hall songs fight for a new copyright law that will protect them from having their songs stolen. The film was a commercial success.
 The Fan is a 1981 thriller about a stalker menacing a movie star. It stars Lauren Bacall Michael Biehn James Garner and Maureen Stapleton. It was written by Priscilla Chapman and John Hartwell based on the novel of the same name by Bob Randall and directed by Edward Bianchi. It was released on May 15 1981 by Paramount Pictures.
 The Wannabes is a 2003 Australian comedy film starring Nick Giannopoulos Russell Dykstra Isla Fisher Ryan Johnson Michael Carman Lena Cruz Tony Nikolakopoulos Costas Kilias Chantal Contouri and Felix Williamson. Rove McManus also appears in the film as himself promoting The Wannabes on his TV show Rove Live.
 The Bedeviled is a 1975 Hong Kong horror film directed by Lo Wei and released under the Golden Harvest banner.
 Bad Man of Deadwood is a 1941 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.
 Trapped in the Closet: The Confessionals is a miniseries posted on the R. Kelly Vevo YouTube channel. The miniseries is the confessionals from Chapters 23 - 33 with added clips from the Trapped in the Closet series. It was used to promote the new chapters (23 - 33) that came out at the time. The only confessionals not used in the series yet are Cathy Rosie and Randolph.
 The Comedians in Africa is a 1967 film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to augment its feature film The Comedians.
 The Spy with My Face is a 1965 spy-fi spy film based on The Man from U.N.C.L.E. television series. Robert Vaughn and David McCallum reprised their roles as secret agents Napoleon Solo and Illya Kuryakin respectively. THRUSH tries to steal a super weapon by substituting a double for Solo. It is the second U.N.C.L.E. film consisting of additional footage filmed and added to the November 1964 TV episode The Double Affair.
 Bloodhounds of Broadway is a 1989 film based on four Damon Runyon stories. It was directed by Howard Brookner and starred Matt Dillon Jennifer Grey Anita Morris Julie Hagerty Rutger Hauer Madonna Esai Morales and Randy Quaid.Madonna and Jennifer Grey perform a duet I Surrender Dear during the film.
 Encounters of the Spooky Kind (Chinese: 鬼打鬼) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts comedy horror film written and directed by Sammo Hung who also starred in the lead role. The film was produced by Hung's production company Bo Ho Film Company. It was released as Spooky Encounters in the US. It is sometimes listed as Close Encounters of the Spooky Kind more blatantly mimicking the title of the film Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977).
 Revoir Julie (English title: Julie and Me) is a Canadian lesbian romantic comedy.
 Stay Tuned is a 1992 American adventure fantasy comedy film directed by Peter Hyams. It starred John Ritter Pam Dawber Jeffrey Jones and Eugene Levy.
 Long Live with Dearly Departed (Czech: Ať žije nebožtík) is a 1935 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.
 The Heat's On (1943) is a movie musical starring Mae West William Gaxton and Victor Moore and released by Columbia Pictures.
 Fata Morgana is a 2007 German film directed by Simon Groß and starring Matthias Schweighöfer Marie Zielcke and Jean-Hugues Anglade. The film is about a young couple ending up lost in the desert andbeing forced to trust a shady stranger to lead them back to civilisation.
 Saarai Veeraju starring Ajay Remya Nambeeshan Madhulika and 50 new artists is a Telugu movie released on December 4 2009. Directed by debutant Director D S Kannan and produced by P R K Rao under the banner of Visalakshi Creations.
 Veeraputhran (Malayalam: വീരപുത്രൻ; English: The Legend) is a 2011 Malayalam historical film directed by P. T. Kunju Muhammed based on the story written by N. P. Mohammed which is based on the life of Indian anti-Colonial activist Mohammed Abdul Rahiman (1898 – 1945). The film focuses on the anti-Colonial movements in present day Kerala during British raj. The film has Narain as Mohammed Abdul Rahiman and Raima Sen as Rahiman's wife Kunhi Beevathu.
 A ponte: uma história do ferryboat Bagamoyo is a Mozambican 2010 documentary film.
 Le Grand Chef (Hangul: 식객; hanja: 食客; RR: Sikgaek) is a 2007 South Korean film starring Kim Kang-woo Im Won-hee and Lee Ha-na. Produced by ShowEast and distributed by CJ Entertainment it was released on November 1 2007 and ran for 114 minutes.Based on the popular manhwa Sikgaek by Huh Young-man the film tells the story of two chefs competing for the title of heir to the last Royal Chef of the Joseon Dynasty.
 Selena is a 1997 American biographical musical drama film about the life and career of the late Tejano music star Selena a recording artist well known in the Mexican-American and Hispanic communities in the United States and Mexico before she was murdered by the president of her fan club at the age of 23.The film stars Jennifer Lopez in her breakthrough role as Selena. Her father Abraham Quintanilla Jr. is played by Edward James Olmos and Constance Marie plays Marcella Quintanilla.
 Mother and Son (Russian: Мать и сын Mat i syn) is a 1997 Russian film directed by Aleksandr Sokurov depicting the relationship between an old dying mother and her young son. It was Sokurov's first internationally acclaimed feature film and is the first volume of a trilogy whose subject matter is the study of the drama in human relationships.
 Trekkies 2 is the 2004 sequel to the 1997 documentary film Trekkies.This documentary film travels throughout the world mainly Europe to show fans of Star Trek commonly known as Trekkies. It also profiles people from the first film notably Barbara Adams and Gabriel Köerner. Also featured are Star Trek-themed punk bands from Sacramento California most notably the No Kill I franchise. This includes No Kill I No Kill I: The Next Generation and No Kill I: Deep Space Nine.
 Caldera is an 11-minute computer animated short film released in 2012. It was directed by Evan Viera co-written by Chris Bishop co-produced by Chris Perry and created in conjunction with Bit Films the computer animation incubator program at Hampshire College in Amherst Massachusetts.Caldera received a Prix Ars Electronica Award of Distinction in the Computer Animation category in 2012.
 Area 51 is a science-fiction film picture written and directed by Oren Peli the director of Paranormal Activity (2007) and starring Benjamin Rovner Reid Warner and Darrin Bragg.
 Terror Squad is an 1987 film directed by Peter Maris and set in Kokomo Indiana. The film is notable for its bungling characters and poor production quality.[citation needed] The film is especially famous in Kokomo where the majority of it was shot.
 The Roots of Heaven is a 1958 American adventure film in CinemaScope and DeLuxe Color made by 20th Century Fox directed by John Huston and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. The screenplay by Romain Gary and Patrick Leigh Fermor is based on Romain Gary's 1956 Prix Goncourt winning novel The Roots of Heaven (Les racines du ciel).The film starred Errol Flynn Juliette Gréco Trevor Howard Eddie Albert Orson Welles Paul Lukas Herbert Lom and Gregoire Aslan.
 Time and the Wind (Portuguese: O Tempo e o Vento) is a 2013 Brazilian drama film based on a series of novels written by the Brazilian author Erico Verissimo. The film was directed by Jayme Monjardim and starring Thiago Lacerda Marjorie Estiano Fernanda Montenegro Cléo Pires and Mayana Moura.
 Sacred Waters (German: An heiligen Wassern) is a 1932 German drama film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Karin Hardt Eduard von Winterstein and Hans Adalbert Schlettow. It is part of the heimatfilm genre. The film was based on a novel by Jakob Christoph Heer which was later adapted into a 1960 Swiss film Sacred Waters.
 Made in Italy is a 1965 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Nanni Loy.
 Trenck (German:Trenck - Der Roman einer großen Liebe) is a 1932 German historical film directed by Ernst Neubach and Heinz Paul and starring Hans Stüwe Dorothea Wieck and Olga Tschechowa. The film was based on a novel by Bruno Frank. It depicts the life of the Eighteenth century adventurer Friedrich von der Trenck.
 Psycho IV: The Beginning is a 1990 made-for-cable-television horror/drama film that serves as both the third sequel and a prequel to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film Psycho as it includes both events after Psycho III while focusing on flashbacks of events that took place prior to the original film. It is the fourth and final film in the Psycho series.
 The Virginian is a 1914 film based upon the novel The Virginian by Owen Wister and starring Dustin Farnum as the Virginian. The film was directed by Cecil B. DeMille.
 Tell It to the Marines is a 1926 silent movie starring Lon Chaney William Haines and Eleanor Boardman and directed by George W. Hill. The film follows a Marine recruit and the sergeant who trains him and was the biggest box office success of Chaney's career and the second biggest moneymaker of 1926/1927.In April 2012 the film became available on DVD from the Warner Archive collection.
 Das Fräulein von Scuderi is an East German crime film directed by Eugen York. It was released in 1955.
 Ayyam al-tawila al- (English: The Long Days ; Arabic: الأيام الطويلة‎) is a 6-hour long biographical account of Saddam Hussein's attempted assassination of Abd al-Karim Qasim although some sources also list a running time of 150 minutes. It was filmed in 1980 and allegedly edited by Terence Young who also directed three James Bond films.
 Vogue la galère is a 1973 French film directed by Raymond Rouleau.
 Through a Glass Darkly (Swedish: Såsom i en spegel) is a 1961 Swedish film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and produced by Allan Ekelund. The film is a three-act chamber film in which four family members act as mirrors for each other. It is the first of many Bergman films to be shot on the island of Fårö.
 Fangio el demonio de las pistas is a 1950 Argentine motor racing film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto starring Yvonne Bastien Ernesto Bianco Armando Bo and Néstor Deval.
 Innocents in Paris is a 1953 British French international co-production comedy film produced by Romulus Films directed by Gordon Parry and starring Alastair Sim Jimmy Edwards Claire Bloom Margaret Rutherford James Copeland and Ronald Shiner as Dicky Bird.
 Doo Wop is a 2004 French romantic drama film directed produced and written by David Lanzmann. It won the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Filmfestival for Award of Independent Cinema Owners FIPRESCI Prize and Special Prize of the Jury. It tells the story of a band manager who manages former girl friend's band but struggles for his debt of the loan sharks.
 The Legend of the Suram Fortress (Georgian: ამბავი სურამის ციხისა Russian: Легенда о Сурамской крепости Armenian: Սուրամի ամրոցի լեգենդը) is a 1984 film directed by Georgian SSR-born Soviet-Armenian director Sergei Parajanov his first film after 15 years of censorship in the Soviet Union a film stylistically linked with his earlier The Color of Pomegranates (1968): The film consists in a series of tableaux; once again minimal dialogue is used; the film abounds in surreal almost oneiric power.
 Face (1997) is a British crime drama directed by Antonia Bird and written by Ronan Bennett. It stars Robert Carlyle and Ray Winstone and features the acting debut of singer Damon Albarn.
 Aaj Ka Boss is a 2008 Hindi-language Indian film directed by T L V Prasad starring Mithun Chakraborty Swati Urmi Negi Rami Reddy Dalip Tahil Raza Murad and Manvi Goswami
 Swept Away (Italian: Travolti da un insolito destino nell'azzurro mare d'agosto) is a 1974 Italian adventure comedy-drama film written and directed by Lina Wertmüller and starring Giancarlo Giannini and Mariangela Melato. The film is about a wealthy woman whose yachting vacation with friends in the Mediterranean Sea takes an unexpected turn when she and one of the boat's crew are separated from the others and they become stranded on a deserted island.
 House of Numbers is a 2009 film by Brent Leung espousing AIDS Denialism the view that Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) is a harmless passenger virus and does not cause Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS). Leung describes the film as an objective examination of the idea that HIV causes AIDS. The film's claims of impartiality have been widely rejected by scientists who dismissed the film as pseudo-science and conspiracy theory masquerading as even-handed examination.
 Seema Tapakai (veedu chaala hot) (Telugu: సీమటపాకాయ్: వీడు చాల హాట్...) was a 2011 Telugu comedy film written and directed by G.Nageswara Reddy produced by Dr. Vijaya Prasad Malla under Wellfare Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh and Poorna in lead roles. The film soundtrack was composed by Vandemataram Srinivas and Cinematography was handled by Adusumilli Vijay Kumar. Dialogues of the movie were written by popular writer Marudhuri Raja.
 Charlie's Angels is a 2000 American action comedy film directed by McG starring Cameron Diaz Drew Barrymore and Lucy Liu as three women working for a private investigation agency.
 Severed Ties is a 1992 film directed by Damon Santostefano.
 Urban Decay is a 2007 horror film directed by Harry Basil and starring Dean Cain.
 Devasuram (ദേവാസുരം; English: The God Demon) is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language cult film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by Ranjith Balakrishnan. The film stars Mohanlal Revathi Nedumudi Venu Innocent and Napoleon in lead roles. The rivalry between Mangalassery Neelakantan (Mohanlal) and Mundakkal Shekaran (Napoleon) forms the main theme of the film.
 Bad Kids Go to Hell is a 2012 dark comedy thriller film directed by Matthew Spradlin who co-wrote it with Barry Wernick. Based on Spradlin and Wernick's best-selling graphic novel of the same name the film stars Cameron Deane Stewart Augie Duke Ali Faulkner Roger Edwards Amanda Alch Marc Donato Ben Browder and Judd Nelson in a story about six prep school students who serve detention in a seemingly haunted school library. It had a limited theatrical release on October 27 2012.
 Sharing the Dream is a 1974 short 16mm film which recorded the Black Theatre dance workshops in Redfern in 1973 taught by Carole Johnson.Milena Damyanovic or Damjanovic produced and directed the film. The executive producer was Caroline Jones. The film was released in 1974 and premiered at the International Women's Film Festival in Sydney in 1975.
 The Wicked City (Chinese: 妖獸都市; Cantonese Yale: Yíu sau dōu síh) is a 1992 science fiction film directed by Peter Mak and produced by Tsui Hark. It is a live-action film adaptation of the Japanese anime of the same name which in turn is based on the novel by Hideyuki Kikuchi. The film stars Jacky Cheung Leon Lai Yuen Woo-ping Roy Cheung Tatsuya Nakadai Michelle Reis and Carman Lee.
 1:42.08 (alternatively known as 1:42.08: A Man and His Car or 1:42.08: To Qualify) is George Lucas's senior project at the University of Southern California in 1966. It was named for the lap time of the Lotus 23 race car that was the subject of the film. It is a nonstory visual tone poem depicting the imagery of a car going at full speed and featuring the car's engine as the primary sound element.
 Waveriders is a 2009 documentary film. The film was produced by Margo Harkin and directed by Joel Conroy.
 Wicked is a 1998 American thriller independent film starring Julia Stiles as a disturbed teenager.
 Ticket to New Year's is a concert video by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Oakland Coliseum Arena in Oakland California on December 31 1987. It was released on VHS video tape and on Laserdisc in 1996 and on DVD in 1998.
 Peter Pan is a 2003 fantasy film released by Universal Pictures Columbia Pictures and Revolution Studios. P. J. Hogan directed a screenplay co-written with Michael Goldenberg which is based on the classic play and novel by J. M. Barrie. Jason Isaacs plays the roles of Captain Hook and George Darling Olivia Williams plays Mrs. Darling while Jeremy Sumpter plays Peter Pan Rachel Hurd-Wood portrays Wendy Darling and Ludivine Sagnier plays Tinker Bell.
 Never Give a Sucker an Even Break is a 1941 Universal Pictures comedy film starring W.C. Fields. Fields also wrote the original story under the pseudonym Otis Criblecoblis. Fields plays himself searching for a chance to promote a surreal screenplay he has written whose several framed sequences form the film's center. The title is derived from lines from two earlier films.
 The Freeze-Out is a 1921 American Western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be a lost film.
 Half a Hero is a 1953 American comedy film starring Red Skelton and Jean Hagen. Directed by Don Weis the film was written by Max Shulman and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 10 MPH is a documentary film directed by Hunter Weeks and starring Josh Caldwell with his Segway HT the two-wheeled electronic scooter. This film which takes its name from the Segway's average speed documents Caldwell's 100-day coast to coast journey across the United States riding the Human Transporter. The trip started in Seattle Washington on August 8 2004 and ended in Boston Massachusetts on November 18 2004.
 Kummeli: Kultakuume (Kummeli: Goldrush) is a 1997 Finnish comedy film starring Heikki Hela Heikki Silvennoinen Timo Kahilainen and Heikki Vihinen stars of the Finnish sketch-series Kummeli. This was their second cinema-release after 1995's Kummeli: Stories. Kultakuume has a single plot whereas Stories was composed of long-sketches.
 The Bandits of Corsica is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Ray Nazarro and starring Richard Greene Paula Raymond and Raymond Burr.
 For the similarly titled novel by Leslie Charteris see Prelude for War.Prelude to War was the first film of Frank Capra’s Why We Fight propaganda film series commissioned by the Office of War Information (OWI) and George C. Marshall. It was made to convince American troops of the necessity of combating the Axis Powers during World War II.
 Once Upon a Time in the East (French: Il était une fois dans l'est) is a 1974 Canadian drama film directed by André Brassard. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.The film is based on several plays by Michel Tremblay weaving characters from the plays Les Belles-sœurs Hosanna La duchesse de Langeais and À toi pour toujours ta Marie-Lou into an original ensemble cast story.
 Pokémon: The Mastermind of Mirage Pokémon later released in Japan as The Terrifying Mirage Pokémon (戦慄のミラージュポケモン Senritsu no Mirāju Pokemon) is a special hour-long episode of the Pokémon anime series created for the tenth anniversary of the franchise. This special premiered on Kids' WB! on April 29 2006 (with the Kayzie Rogers version).
 Third Person is a 2013 romantic drama film directed and written by Paul Haggis and co-starring James Franco Mila Kunis Olivia Wilde Liam Neeson Adrien Brody Kim Basinger and Maria Bello. The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto Film Festival.
 Ten Italians for One German (Italian: Dieci italiani per un tedesco (Via Rasella)) is a 1962 Italian historical war drama film directed by Filippo Walter Ratti. It is a dramatization of the Fosse Ardeatine massacre.
 April Fool is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film directed by Viji Thampi scripted by Jagadish and produced by Santosh Damodar.
 Pontius Pilate (Italian: Ponzio Pilato French: Ponce Pilate) is an Italian drama film from 1962 directed by Gian Paolo Callegari and Irving Rapper written by Oreste Biancoli starring Jean Marais and Jeanne Crain.The film was known under the titles: Ponce Pilate (France) Poncio Pilatos (Spain) Pontius Pilate (UK / USA) Pontius Pilatus – Statthalter des Grauens (Germany).John Drew Barrymore played the characters of both Judas Iscariot and Jesus of Nazareth.The scenario was based mainly on the Gospel of John. 
 The Virgin Spring (Swedish: Jungfrukällan) is a 1960 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman. Set in medieval Sweden it is a revenge tale about a father's merciless response to the rape and murder of his young daughter. The story was adapted by screenwriter Ulla Isaksson from a 13th-century Swedish ballad Töres döttrar i Wänge (Töre's daughters in Vänge).
 Eroica is a BBC television film that dramatises the first performance of Beethoven's third symphony the Eroica. It carries the tagline ‘The day that changed music forever’.The film was directed by Simon Cellan Jones written by Nick Dear and starred Ian Hart Tim Pigott-Smith Anton Lesser and Frank Finlay. The music was played by Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique and conducted by Sir John Eliot Gardiner. It won the Prix Italia for Performing Arts in 2004.
 A Special Delivery is a 1916 silent comedy film starring Oliver Hardy.
 Va savoir (English: Who Knows?) is a 2001 French romantic comedy-drama film directed by Jacques Rivette. It stars Jeanne Balibar Marianne Basler Hélène de Fougerolles and Catherine Rouvel. In the normal version Va Savoir is 154 minutes. It was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival.
 Who Is the Craftiest is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Poon Man Kit and starring Ricky Hui Bill Tung Tang Pik-wan Sammy Cheung Tiffany Lau Keung Chung Ping and Lo Hoi-pang.
 Seminole is a 1953 American western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Rock Hudson and Anthony Quinn. Much of the film was shot in the Everglades National Park Florida.
 The Lion the Lamb the Man is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney. The film is now considered to be lost.
 Mountaintop Motel Massacre (also known as Mountaintop Motel) is a 1986 American horror film written and directed by Jim McCullough Sr. and starring Anna Chappell Bill Thurman and Amy Hill.
 Portnoy's Complaint is a 1972 comedy film written and directed by Ernest Lehman. His screenplay is based on the bestselling 1969 novel of the same name by Philip Roth.
 Ravanna (Telugu: రవన్న) is a 2000 Tollywood Action film directed by B. Gopal. Rajasekhar Soundarya and Krishna played the lead roles.
 Bad Romance (Chinese: 花为眉; pinyin: Hua wei mei; Alt. title: Les Mauvais Romans) is a 2011 mainland China drama film based on the song Bad Romance by singer/songwriter Lady Gaga.
 Son of Babylon (Arabic: ابن بابل‎) is a 2010 Iraqi drama film directed by Mohamed Al-Daradji Variety's Middle Eastern Filmmaker of the year 2010. The film was developed through The Sundance Institute and was selected as Iraq's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards but it didn't make the final shortlist.
 April in Paris is a 1952 musical film starring Doris Day and Ray Bolger. It was directed by David Butler.
 Erleuchtung garantiert (Enlightenment Guaranteed) is a 2002 German film directed by Doris Dörrie about two brothers Uwe (Uwe Ochsenknecht) and Gustav (Gustav-Peter Wöhler) who travel to Japan to sort out the mess of their lives. Their plan is to visit the Sojiji Monastery in Monzen near Tokyo. On their way there in a rather literal Buddhist moment they lose all of their belongings.
 Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure is the first Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy television movie the second one being Billy & Mandy: Wrath of the Spider Queen. It was also released on DVD. It premiered in the U.S. on March 30 2007 and in the U.K. on February 14 2007.
 Myladum Kunnu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 300 is a 2007 American fantasy action film based on the 1998 comic series of the same name by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley. Both are fictionalized retellings of the Battle of Thermopylae within the Persian Wars. The film was directed by Zack Snyder while Miller served as executive producer and consultant.
 Wishful Thinking is a 1997 romantic comedy starring Jennifer Beals Drew Barrymore Jon Stewart and James LeGros.
 Itihaas (translated as History) is a 1987 Hindi film directed by V. Joshi and produced by Tito starring Raaj Kumar Shabana Azmi Rati Agnihotri Anil Kapoor Mohnish Bahl Suresh Oberoi and Danny Dengzongpa.
 Marius and Jeannette (French: Marius et Jeannette) is a 1997 French film directed by Robert Guédiguian. It won the Louis Delluc Prize and the César Award for Best Actress and received César nominations for Best Film Best Director Best Supporting Actor Best Supporting Actress Most Promising Actress and Best Writing. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
 Headspace is a 2005 film directed by Andrew van den Houten. The screenplay was written by Steve Klausner and William M. Miller based on a story by Troy McCombs.
 Grand Champion (also released as Buddy's World in Germany) is a 2002 family film starring Jacob Fisher George Strait Emma Roberts and Joey Lauren Adams about a young boy who wants his calf Hokey to grow up to be the Grand Champion. George Strait does the Hokey Pokey in it and many other country stars as well as actors such as Bruce Willis and Julia Roberts appear during the film.
 Make Me a Tory is a 2007 British authored documentary film directed by Daniel Cormack for Channel 4.
 Ritmo amor y juventud is a 1966 Argentine film.
 Across to Singapore is a 1928 American silent romantic drama film directed by William Nigh and starring Ramon Novarro and Joan Crawford. The plot involves a love triangle between a woman and two brothers set on board ship and in Singapore.
 The Wannsee Conference (German: Die Wannseekonferenz) is a 1984 German TV movie portraying the events of the Wannsee Conference. The script is derived from the minutes of the meeting. The same events were later depicted in the 2001 English-language film Conspiracy.
 Coming to America is a 1988 American comedy film directed by John Landis and based on a story originally created by Eddie Murphy who also starred in the lead role. The film also co-stars Arsenio Hall James Earl Jones and John Amos. The film was released in the United States on June 29 1988.Eddie Murphy plays African crown prince Akeem Joffer from the fictional nation of Zamunda who comes to the United States in the hopes of finding a woman he can marry.
 Yugadrashta: The Visionary (Assamese: যুগদ্ৰষ্টা) is a Assamese language short film based on the life of reformer and freedom fighter Pitambar Deva Goswami starring Moon Borkotoky in the title role. The film was directed by Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta and produced by Swapnali Mahanta.
 Dorothy the Dinosaur and Friends Video is a Wiggles video released in 1999. This is the only Wiggles video at the time in which the Wiggles do not appear; they were replaced by the Wiggle puppets. The Wiggles are audible when they tell stories. They sing in some songs.
 Deshonra is a 1952 Argentine film.
 Broadway Serenade (also known as Serenade) is a 1939 musical drama film distributed by MGM and directed and produced by Robert Z. Leonard. The screenplay was written by Charles Lederer based on a story by Lew Lipton John Taintor Foote and Hanns Kräly. The music score is by Herbert Stothart and Edward Ward.
 Der Herzensphotograph (The Heart Photographer) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Max Reichmann starring Harry Liedtke and Robert Garrison and also with La Jana and Betty Bird. The film's art direction was by Andrej Andrejew.
 Three Brave Men is a 1956 film directed by Philip Dunne. It stars Ray Milland and Ernest Borgnine.The film was based on real-life events the investigation of Abraham Chasanow a U.S. government employee as a security risk in 1954-55.
 A Wicked Tale is a 45 minute experimental film by INRI studio. It is written and directed by Singapore filmmaker Tzang Merwyn Tong. The film premiered to critical acclaim at the 34th Rotterdam International Film Festival and was a surprise hit at the 2005 Montreal FanTasia Film Festival.This low-budget film is a dark re-imagination of the Little Red Riding Hood fable. Critics have compared it to the work of cult director Takashi Miike and Canadian filmmaker Guy Maddin.
 Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a 2010 3D documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet Cave in southern France that contains the oldest human-painted images yet discovered. Some of them were crafted as much as 32000 years ago. The film premiered at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival and consists of images from inside the cave as well as of interviews with various scientists and historians. The film also includes footage of the nearby Pont d'Arc natural bridge.
 The Wooden Man's Bride (Chinese: 五魁; pinyin: Wǔ kuí) is a 1994 Chinese film directed by the fifth generation filmmaker Huang Jianxin. The film is Huang's fifth feature and the first of his films to be released in the United States. The film was also the first film shot in Mainland China to be entirely financed by Taiwanese producers.
 Laughter and Grief by the White Sea (Russian: Смех и го́ре у Бе́ла мо́ря; tr.:Smekh i gore u Bela morya) is a 1987 Soviet traditionally animated feature film directed by Leonid Nosyrev made at the Soyuzmultfilm studio. The film is a celebration of the culture of the Russian Pomors who live around the White Sea.It is based on stories by folklorists and writers Boris Shergin and Stepan Pisakhov except for the last segment which is based on a real event that happened in 1857.
 A Sister to Assist 'Er is a 1922 British silent comedy film directed by George Dewhurst and starring Mary Brough Polly Emery and Muriel Aked. It was based on the play A Sister to Assist 'Er by John le Breton.
 Old Wives for New is a 1918 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Prints of the film survive at the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House.
 Comme un cheveu sur la soupe (French: Like a hair on the soup) is a French comedy film from 1956 directed by Maurice Regamey written by Yvan Audouard starring Louis de Funès. The film is known under the title: Crazy in the Noodle or Kindly Kill Me (USA).
 Autumn Leaves is a 1956 Columbia Pictures drama film starring Joan Crawford and Cliff Robertson in an older woman/younger man tale of mental illness. The screenplay was written by Jean Rouverol and Hugo Butler though it was credited to Jack Jevne Rouverol and Butler being blacklisted at the time of the film's release.The film was directed by Robert Aldrich and produced by William Goetz. Aldrich won the Silver Bear for Best Director at the 1956 Berlin International Film Festival.
 One Eyed King is an ensemble crime drama detailing the trials and tribulations of several characters living together in the same Hell's Kitchen neighborhood. Starring Armand Assante William Baldwin Jim Breuer Bruno Kirby Chazz Palminteri and Jason Gedrick the film had its premiere at the 2001 Boston Film Festival.
 Autumn Sun (Spanish: Sol de otoño) is a 1996 Argentine drama film directed by Eduardo Mignogna and starring Norma Aleandro and Federico Luppi. It was written by Mignogna and Santiago Carlos Oves. Lita Stantic was the executive producer.
 The Devil's Mirror is a 1972 Hong Kong film by the Shaw Brothers studio and the debut film of Sun Chung. A kung fu film with some elements of horror the film is based around a Devil Girl a witch who is intent on playing one clan off against another to get her hands on two mirrors which have supernatural powers. Only a noble swordsman played by Liu Tan and beautiful swordswoman played by The Thundering Sword star Shu Pei-pei can prevent her from achieving her evil goals.
 Everything You Want is a 2005 romantic-comedy television film on ABC Family starring Shiri Appleby and Nick Zano.
 La Jetée (French pronunciation: ​[la ʒəte ʒte] The Jetty) is a 1962 French science fiction featurette by Chris Marker. Constructed almost entirely from still photos it tells the story of a post-nuclear war experiment in time travel. It's 28 mins long black and white. It won the Prix Jean Vigo for short film.The 1995 science fiction film 12 Monkeys was inspired by and borrows several concepts directly from La Jetée.
 Dakhal (The Occupation) is a 1981 Indian Bengali film directed by Gautam Ghose with Mamata Shankar Robin Sen Gupta Sunil Mukherjee and Sujal Roy Chowdhury in lead roles. The film is about a woman belonging to nomadic tribe from Andhra Pradesh known as crow hunters who elopes and moves to south Bengal and makes a living by occult practices.
 The Bargain is a 1914 Western film starring William S. Hart. It was the first Western starring Hart who would go on to become the most popular Western actor of the silent film era. In 2010 it was added to the United States National Film Registry where it joined another Hart Western 1916's Hell's Hinges.
 Lunatics: A Love Story is a 1991 comedy romance film with neo-noir (especially psycho-noir) connections written and directed by Josh Becker starring Ted Raimi Deborah Foreman and Bruce Campbell. The film tells the story of a young paranoid aspiring poet who after an accidental phone conversation with a seemingly sweet woman is forced to overcome his worries in order to win her heart. The film’s music was composed by Joseph LoDuca and was edited by Kaye Davis.
 Man on the Moon is a 1999 American biographical comedy-drama film about the late American entertainer Andy Kaufman starring Jim Carrey. The film was directed by Miloš Forman and also features Danny DeVito Courtney Love and Paul Giamatti. DeVito worked with Kaufman on the Taxi television series and other members of that show's cast including Marilu Henner Judd Hirsch Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Conaway make cameo appearances in the film playing themselves.
 Shining Through is a 1992 British-American World War II film drama directed and written by David Seltzer and starring Michael Douglas and Melanie Griffith with Liam Neeson Joely Richardson and John Gielgud in supporting roles. Although based on the novel of the same name by Susan Isaacs the film's plot and characters are considerably different. The original music score was composed by Michael Kamen. The film's tagline is: He needed to trust her with his secret.
 Antara Dua Darjat (Between Two Classes) is a 1960 Malaysian drama film directed by and starring Malaysian silver-screen legend P. Ramlee.
 Semper Fi: Always Faithful is a documentary film about the Camp Lejeune water contamination. The film made the 15 film short list for consideration for a 2012 Academy Award for best documentary feature. The film which debuted at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2011 has a 100% fresh rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes indicting highly positive critical reviews. The film won a documentary editing award at Tribeca and the The Ridenhour Documentary Film Prize 2012.
 Lady Oscar is a 1979 film based on the manga The Rose of Versailles by Riyoko Ikeda. The film was written and directed by Jacques Demy with music composed by his regular collaborator Michel Legrand. The film is a Japanese-French co-production and was filmed in France.
 No te engañes corazón (released in English as Don't Fool Yourself Dear) is the first full-feature film of Cantinflas after becoming a star of the carpa circuit (folk theater). It was also one of the earliest films of Sara García and Carlos Orellana and the first where they share the screen.This film was released in DVD format on October 26 2004.
 Waterfront is a 1939 film produced and released by Warner Brothers and starring Dennis Morgan. It was directed by Terry O'Morse from a play Blind Spot by Kenyon Nicholson. It is preserved at the Library of Congress.
 Il seduttore (traslation: The Seducer) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Rossi.
 Divine Madness is a 1980 concert film directed by Michael Ritchie and featuring Bette Midler during her 1979 concert at Pasadena's Civic Auditorium.
 A Virgin Among the Living Dead is a 1973 European horror film made before the height of the first zombie craze. The website http://www.movie-censorship.com/report.php?ID=3066 hyperboleically claims that some scenes were reshot by J. Rollin 10 years later implying this film was shot in 1971 and sat unreleased until 1973. However there are no other sources to suggest that this was actually filmed two years prior to its release and copyright date listed is 1973 not 1971.
 A Boy and His Atom is a 2013 stop-motion animated short film released on YouTube by IBM Research. The movie tells the story of a boy and a wayward atom who meet and become friends. It depicts a boy playing with an atom that takes various forms. One minute in length it was made by moving carbon monoxide molecules viewed with a scanning tunneling microscope a device that magnifies them 100 million times.
 Beef is a 2003 film that documents the history of hip-hop feuds. The film's producers were Peter Spirer Casey Suchan and Denis Henry Hennelly and the executive producer was Quincy Jones III (QD3). It was written by Peter Alton and Peter Spirer (who also directed) and was narrated by actor Ving Rhames.This film takes a chronological look at battles (some friendly but many personal) dating back to rap music's infancy in the early 1980s. The notable rivalries discussed include KRS-One vs.
 The Trumpet of the Swan is a 2001 animated film produced by RichCrest Animation Studios directed by Richard Rich and distributed by TriStar Pictures being TriStar's first animated film since 1988's Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw.
 Simon of the Desert (Spanish: Simón del desierto) is a 1965 film directed by Luis Buñuel. It is loosely based on the story of the ascetic 5th-century Syrian saint Simeon Stylites who lived for 39 years on top of a column.Simon of the Desert is the third (after Viridiana and The Exterminating Angel) of three movies that were directed by Buñuel starring Silvia Pinal and Claudio Brook and produced by her husband Gustavo Alatriste.
 Horror Rises from the Tomb (Spanish: El espanto surge de la tumba) is a 1972 Spanish horror film starring Jacinto Molina (also known as Paul Naschy) and was directed by Carlos Aured. It was followed by a sequel Panic Beats. The film introduced Naschy's character of Alaric de Marnac an executed warlock who returns to life centuries later to wreak his revenge. De Marnac later returned in the 1982 sequel Panic Beats.
 The Comedians (German: Komödianten) is a 1941 German drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst and based on the novel Philine by Olly Boeheim.
 Hôtel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie (French: Hôtel Terminus: Klaus Barbie sa vie et son temps) is a 1988 documentary film directed by Marcel Ophüls about the life of Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie. The film covers Barbie's relatively innocent childhood his time with the Gestapo in Lyon (where he apparently excelled at torture) through to the forty years between the end of World War II and his eventual deportation from Bolivia to stand trial for crimes against humanity.
 Rocking Horse is director Yaky Yosha's second feature made in 1978. It was the first film to represent Israel in the Directors’ Fortnight of the Cannes Film Festival. It also participated at Locarno San-Francisco Chicago and many other international festivals. Rocking Horse received the special judges' award and the best actor award at the Oxford England film festival.
 A Northern Affair is a 2014 Ghanaian romantic drama film directed by Leila Djansi and starring John Dumelo Joselyn Dumas & Kofi Adjorlolo. It will be released in Nigeria by June 2014. It won 8 awards at the 2013 Ghana Movie Awards.
 Desert of Blood is a 2008 independent film about a vampire Luis Diego who has been left imprisoned underground by the village priest. When accidentally released he begins to exact revenge on the villagers. However when he falls in love with a young woman who is visiting the village to care for her aging aunt he must face the possibility of forgiveness.The story is set in modern-day Mexico.This film features a largely Latino cast and was filmed in the Mexican town of Tecate.
 The Coverup previously known as The Thacker Case is a crime-thriller film directed by Brian Jun and starring Gabriel Mann and Eliza Dushku.
 Dorf on Golf is a 1987 comedy film starring Tim Conway Vincent Schiavelli and Michele Smith. The film is the first in a series of eight films released by Conway using the Dorf sporting theme. The film had a total cast of three.
 Pocahontas: The Legend is a 1999 drama film that fictionalizes the young life of the historical figure of Chief Powhatan's daughter Pocahontas and her relationship with Captain John Smith. This film was directed by Danièle J. Suissa and stars Sandrine Holt as the titular heroine. It was shot in Toronto Ontario Canada.
 The Guatemalan Handshake is a 2006 comedy-drama film written and directed by Todd Rohal. It is Rohal's feature film debut. The film premiered at the 2006 Slamdance Film Festival and won the Special Jury Prize.
 Operation Snafu redirects here. For the 1970 film starring Jason Robards and Peter Falk see Rosolino Paternò soldato.On the Fiddle is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Sean Connery Alfred Lynch Cecil Parker Stanley Holloway Eric Barker Mike Sarne Wilfrid Hyde-White Kathleen Harrison Victor Maddern and John Le Mesurier.It was one of the last films released before Connery was cast as James Bond in the 1962 film Dr No.
 Por mis pistolas (For my Pistols) is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.
 They Might Be Giants is a 1971 film based on the play of the same name (both written by James Goldman) starring George C. Scott and Joanne Woodward. Occasionally cited mistakenly as a Broadway play it never in fact opened in the USA. It was directed in London by Joan Littlewood in 1961 but Goldman believed he never got the play right and forbade further productions or publication of the script.
 Underground is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Brian Aherne Elissa Landi Cyril McLaglen and Norah Baring. The film examines the lives of ordinary Londoners and the romance between them set on and around the London Underground.
 The Philadelphia Story is a 1940 American romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor starring Cary Grant Katharine Hepburn and James Stewart and featuring Ruth Hussey. Based on the Broadway play of the same name by Philip Barry the film is about a socialite (Hepburn) whose wedding plans are complicated by the simultaneous arrival of her ex-husband (Grant) and a tabloid magazine journalist (Stewart).
 Comrade X is a 1940 American comedy spy film directed by King Vidor and starring Clark Gable Hedy Lamarr and Oskar Homolka.
 The Murder Men (later presented as an episode of the TV show Cain's Hundred which was called Blues for a Junkman in 1962) is a 1961 television film starring Peter Mark Richman James Coburn and Dorothy Dandridge.
 Mikey is a 1992 horror-thriller film directed by Dennis Dimster and starring Brian Bonsall. The film centers on the character of Mikey Holt a young boy who is adopted by a family after his previous adoptive family dies. Rather than the darling child they expected however Mikey turns out to be a violent psychopath and a budding serial killer.
 Seven Thunders (US title: The Beasts of Marseilles) is a 1957 World War II film about two British escaped prisoners of war.
 Hahaha (Hangul: 하하하) is a 2010 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo. It was entered into the 2010 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Prix Un Certain Regard.
 In the Electric Mist is a 2009 Franco-American drama/mystical film based on the novel In the Electric Mist with Confederate Dead by James Lee Burke. It is directed by Bertrand Tavernier written by Jerzy Kromolowski and Mary Olson-Kromolowski and stars Tommy Lee Jones in the lead role of Louisiana police detective Dave Robicheaux.The film has never been released cinematically in the U.S. only in Europe and Asia.
 Nihon Chinbotsu (日本沈没 literally Japan Sinks or Submersion of Japan; English release: Tidal Wave) is a 1973 film directed by Shiro Moritani. It is based on the novel Japan Sinks by Sakyo Komatsu published the same year. The film stars Lorne Greene Keiju Kobayashi Hiroshi Fujioka and Ayumi Ishida. A remake was released in 2006 Nihon Chinbotsu loosely based on a second section of this series.The movie caused a sensation in Japan and paved the way for later panic features.
 Just Like Us is a 2010 documentary about a comedy tour of international comedians throughout the middle east. Directed by Egyptian-American actor/comedian Ahmed Ahmed the film premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival.
 Narathan is an upcoming Tamil film directed by Naga Venkatesh and produced by Selvakumar. Nakul Nikesha Patel and Santhanam feature in the leading roles while Mani Sharma composes the film's music.
 Lady Ice is a 1973 crime film about an insurance investigator who becomes involved with a wealthy young woman he suspects of fencing stolen jewelry. The film was directed by Tom Gries and stars Donald Sutherland Jennifer O'Neill and Robert Duvall.
 Phenomena is a 1985 Italian horror film directed by Dario Argento. An edited version of the film was released in the United States under the title Creepers.Jennifer Connelly stars as a young girl who arrives at an eerie Swiss boarding school where the students are being butchered by a serial killer.
 The Times of Harvey Milk is a 1984 American documentary film that premiered at the Telluride Film Festival the New York Film Festival and then on November 1 1984 at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco.
 Super High Me is a 2007 documentary film about the effects of smoking cannabis for 30 days. The documentary stars comedian Doug Benson. The documentary's name and its poster are plays on the 2004 documentary Super Size Me. It is believed by many to be a very biased film mainly due to Doug Benson's known advocacy for cannabis.
 I Can Hardly Wait is the 73rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
 Keep Off (Dutch: Afblijven) is a 2006 Dutch children's film based on the children's novel Afblijven by Carry Slee. The film much like the book explores drug abuse by adolescents and the negative effects it has on their lives.The film received a Golden Film (100000 visitors).
 Chicha tu madre is a 2006 Argentine and Peruvian drama film directed by Gianfranco Quattrini. It was filmed in Lima Peru.
 Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a 1994 American comedy detective film directed by Tom Shadyac and written by Jim Carrey who also starred in the film. It was developed by the film's original writer Jack Bernstein and co-producer Bob Israel for almost six years. The film co-stars Courteney Cox Tone Lōc Sean Young and former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino. The film was a box office success grossing $107 million worldwide from a $15 million budget.
 Ted (stylized as ted) is a 2012 American fantasy-comedy film directed co-produced and co-written by Seth MacFarlane. It stars Mark Wahlberg Mila Kunis and MacFarlane with Joel McHale and Giovanni Ribisi in supporting roles.The film is MacFarlane's feature-length directorial debut produced by Media Rights Capital and distributed by Universal Pictures.
 Thank God It's Friday is a 1978 film directed by Robert Klane and produced by Motown Productions and Casablanca Filmworks for Columbia Pictures (whose torch-holding mascot in a specially produced logo dances to disco music before the opening credits). Produced at the height of the disco craze the film features The Commodores performing Too Hot to Trot and Donna Summer performing Last Dance which won the Academy Award for Best Song in 1979.
 Behind Enemy Lines is a 1986 American action film directed by Gideon Amir and starring David Carradine. It is set in the context of the Vietnam War POW/MIA issue where Colonel Cooper an Airborne commando is sent to Vietnam to free American soldiers caught in a Vietnamese prisoner of war camp.The film is also known as Attack Force 'Nam (American DVD title) P.O.W. the Escape (American reissue title).
 A Successful Failure (1934) is an American film directed by Arthur Lubin.
 Poison is a 1991 American science fiction drama horror film written and directed by Todd Haynes. It is composed of three intercut stories that are partially inspired by the novels of Jean Genet. With its gay themes Poison is considered an early entry in the New Queer Cinema movement.
 Blood and Lace is a 1971 horror film directed by Philip Gilbert starring Gloria Grahame Melody Patterson Len Lesser and Milton Selzer.
 A Man of Mayfair is a 1931 British musical comedy film directed by Louis Mercanton and starring Jack Buchanan Joan Barry and Warwick Ward.
 Blume in Love is a 1973 film written produced and directed by Paul Mazursky who also appears in it. It stars George Segal and Susan Anspach. Others in the cast are Kris Kristofferson Marsha Mason and Shelley Winters.Tagline: A love story for guys who cheat on their wives.
 I Am is a 2011 Indian anthology film by Onir. It consists of four short films: Omar Afia Abhimanyu and Megha. Each film shares the common theme of fear and each is also based on real life stories. The film was financed by donations from more than 400 different people around the world many of whom donated through social networking sites like Facebook. There are four stories but the characters are interwoven with each story.
 Take My Tip is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Jack Hulbert Cicely Courtneidge Harold Huth and Frank Cellier. A pair of aristocrats adopt various disguises to unmask a confidence trickster. The film's sets were designed by art director Ernö Metzner.
 El camino de San Diego (English: The Road to San Diego) is a 2006 Argentine comedy film written and directed by Carlos Sorín. The film features Ignacio Benítez Carlos Wagner among others.The picture tells the story of an Argentine obsessed with fútbol superstar Diego Maradona.
 Fetih 1453 (English: The Conquest 1453) is a 2012 Turkish epic action film directed by Faruk Aksoy and produced by Faruk Aksoy Servet Aksoy and Ayşe Germen. Starring Devrim Evin İbrahim Çelikkol and Dilek Serbest the film is based on the events surrounding the Fall of Constantinople (now Istanbul) to the Ottoman Turks during the reign of Sultan Mehmed II.
 Die Glatzkopfbande is an East German film. It was released in 1963.
 For other uses of this title see Blizzard (disambiguation).The Blizzard (Russian: Метель) is a 1964 Soviet film directed by Vladimir Basov based on the story The Blizzard from The Tales of the Late Ivan Petrovich Belkin by Alexander Pushkin.
 Gorillas in the Mist is a 1988 American drama film directed by Michael Apted and starring Sigourney Weaver as naturalist Dian Fossey. It tells the true story of her work in Rwanda with Mountain Gorillas and was nominated for five Academy Awards.
 Fields of Fire is a 1987 Australian mini series about cane cutters in Queensland just prior to and during World War Two.
 Among Giants is a 1998 British film directed by Sam Miller and written by Simon Beaufoy fresh from his success with The Full Monty. It is set in Yorkshire and stars Pete Postlethwaite Rachel Griffiths and James Thornton. The plot came about after Beaufoy was refused permission to make a documentary on electricity pylon painters in Pembrokeshire and converted the idea into fiction.
 The Battle of Hearts is a 1916 American silent drama film written and directed by Oscar Apfel and produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. It starred William Farnum and Elda Furry (later known as Hedda Hopper). The story was by Frances Marion then still an actress herself. This is Hopper's first motion picture.Hopper screened small portions of it in 1942 in her self produced short series Hedda Hopper's Hollywood. It is unknown if she had a complete print of this film at the time.
 Cujo is a 1983 American horror/thriller film based on the Stephen King novel of the same name. Cujo was directed by Lewis Teague from a screenplay by Don Carlos Dunaway and Lauren Currier.
 Juan Mondiola is a 1950 Argentine film.
 Kokkuri-san Movie - Shin Toshi Densetsu - (こっくりさん　劇場版‐新都市伝説‐) is an upcoming 2014 Japanese horror film starring Mariya Suzuki.
 2001: A Space Travesty is a 2000 American spoof comedy film starring actor Leslie Nielsen. The film has a few sequences parodying elements of 2001: A Space Odyssey but is not focused on parodying Odyssey.
 Bloodline is a feature film written produced and directed by Matt Thompson starring Thompson himself in addition to Kimberly Alexander and Jesse Kristofferson. It follows his debut long feature Listen to Your Heart and is shot mainly on location in El Dorado Placer and Sacramento counties.
 Shaadi No. 1 (translated: Marriage No. 1) is an Indian comedy film released in November 2005. The film directed by David Dhawan stars Fardeen Khan Zayed Khan Sharman Joshi Ayesha Takia Esha Deol Soha Ali Khan Riya Sen Aarti Chhabria Sophia Chaudhary Sanjay Dutt and Satish Shah. The plot is said to be inspired from the Telugu movie Sandade Sandadi.
 Herzog Blaubarts Burg (Duke Bluebeard's Castle) (1963) is a film of the opera Bluebeard's Castle by the Hungarian composer Béla Bartók written in 1911 to a symbolist libretto by the poet and later film theorist Béla Balázs. The film was made for West German television Süddeutscher Rundfunk and was produced by Norman Foster who also performs the lead role. The designer was Hein Heckroth who brought in his old friend Michael Powell for whom he had designed a number of films to direct it.
 Sunstroke at the Beach Resort (Danish: Solstik på badehotellet) is a 1973 Danish comedy film directed by Klaus Pagh and starring Daimi.
 Gotta Dance is a 2008 documentary film and Tribeca Film Festival Audience Award Finalist directed by Dori Berinstein. The film chronicles the debut of the New Jersey Nets' first-ever senior hip-hop dance team 12 women and 1 man - all dance team newbies from auditions through to performance.”
 Next of Kin is a 1989 American action film directed by John Irvin and starring Patrick Swayze and Liam Neeson with Adam Baldwin and Ben Stiller in smaller roles. The screenplay was based on a story of the same title both written by Michael Jenning.
 The Green Wall (Spanish: La muralla verde) is a 1970 Peruvian drama film directed by Armando Robles Godoy. Robles Godoy also wrote the screenplay based on his short story by the same title.. The film won the Golden Hugo Award at the Chicago International Film Festival in 1970 and was selected as the Peruvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Winnie the Pooh is a 2011 American traditionally animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 51st animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. Inspired by A. A. Milne's stories of the same name the film is part of Disney's Winnie the Pooh franchise the fifth theatrical Winnie the Pooh film released and Walt Disney Animation Studios' second adaptation of Winnie-the-Pooh stories.
 Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon is a 1961 West German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra.
 Begynnelsen på en historie (English: The beginning of a story) is a 1988 Norwegian drama film directed by Margarete Robsahm starring Linda Pedersen Wenche Foss and Linn Stokke.It is summer in the late 1940s and seven-year-old Maren (Pedersen) lives with her mother and two brothers on an island. Her father is in prison for treason during World War II. When summer is over Maren has to move into boarding school in a big city a fact that hangs like a cloud over the joy of summer for her.
 Better Late Than Never is a 1982 film directed by Bryan Forbes. It stars David Niven Art Carney and Maggie Smith. The soundtrack features songs by Henry Mancini and Noël Coward.
 Ammak Kilikkoodu is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
 Daddy's Girl is a 1996 film directed by Martin Kitrosser.
 Summer Solstice is a 2005 German-produced two-part television film a sequel to the novel Winter Solstice by Rosamunde Pilcher which was made a TV film in 2004. This film however is not based on a novel but was written by Pilcher directly for the screen. It stars Jason Durr Jacqueline Bisset Sinéad Cusack Honor Blackman and Franco Nero.
 Story of the Vulture Conqueror is a two-part Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Legend of the Condor Heroes. The first part was released in 1958 while the second part was released in the following year. The film was directed by Wu Pang and starred Cho Tat-wah and Yung Siu-yee in the leading roles.
 The Importance of Being Earnest is a 2002 British-American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Oliver Parker based on Oscar Wilde's classic comedy of manners play of the same name. The original music score is composed by Charlie Mole. The film grossed about $8.3 million in North America.
 Archanai Pookal is a 1982 Indian Tamil film directed by Gokula Krishnan starring Kapildev and Sulokshana in lead roles. The film had musical score by Ilaiyaraaja and was released on 1982.
 Caprice is a 1913 silent film produced by Daniel Frohman and Adolph Zukor(his Famous Players Film Company) and starring Mary Pickford. J. Searle Dawley directed. Though Zukor helped finance the film it was distributed on a 'State's Rights' arrangement primarily since no Paramount Pictures had yet to exist. The story of this film had been acted on the stage by a young Minnie Maddern Fiske in the 1880s one of her earliest successes as an adult actress.
 The Art of Being Straight is a 2008 film by Jesse Rosen on Malvern Productions. He also wrote the screenplay and plays the lead role of Jon. The film explores Jon's unexpected search for identity. The film was an official selection at the 2008 Frameline Film Festival (San Francisco LGBT Film Festival) and the Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival
 Nerariyan CBI (Malayalam: നേരറിയാന്‍‌ സിബിഐ) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by K Madhu written by S. N. Swami and starring Mammootty Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar.This film is the fourth in the series of the CBI investigative thrillers featuring Mammootty as CBI officer Sethurama Iyer. Prequels to this film are Oru CBI Diary Kurippu (1988) Jagratha (1989) and Sethurama Iyer CBI (2004). A fifth Veendum CBI in the series has been announced and is now in the pre-production stage.
 My Little Pony: Equestria Girls is a 2013 Canadian-American animated musical comedy spin-off film written by Meghan McCarthy and directed by Jayson Thiessen.
 Unniyarcha is a 1961 Malayalam language martial arts film directed by Kunchacko. It stars Prem Nazeer and Ragini in the lead roles. Unniyarcha was the first Vadakkan Pattu film in Malayalam. Inspired by its success a series of similar productions came out in the following decades.
 Jai Kishen is a 1994 Bollywood action drama film directed by Sunil Agnihotri. It stars Akshay Kumar in a double role Ayesha Julka and Chandni.
 Movement (R)evolution Africa is a 2007 documentary film.
 Ninaithu Ninaithu Parthen is a 2007 Tamil romantic film directed by Manikandan. The film starred Vikranth and Ashita in the lead roles while Karunas and Roja appeared in other pivotal role. The film produced by Babu Raja had music scored by Joshua Sridhar and told the story of Indian student falling in love with a Pakistani girl. The film released in 2007 to below average collections and reviews.
 All This and Heaven Too is a 1940 American drama film made by Warner Bros.-First National Pictures produced and directed by Anatole Litvak with Hal B. Wallis as executive producer. The screenplay was adapted by Casey Robinson from the novel by Rachel Field.
 Avengers: Age of Ultron is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is intended to be the sequel to 2012's Marvel's The Avengers and the eleventh installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
 Walking with the Enemy is an American action drama film directed by Mark Schmidt and scripted by Kenny Golde and Mark Schmidt. The film stars Jonas Armstrong Ben Kingsley Simon Kunz Hannah Tointon Simon Dutton Burn Gorman and Charles Hubbell. It is inspired by the true story of Pinchas Tibor Rosenbaum.
 The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear is a 1991 comedy film starring Leslie Nielsen as the comically bumbling Police Lt. Frank Drebin of Police Squad!. Priscilla Presley plays the role of Jane with O.J. Simpson as Nordberg and George Kennedy as police captain Ed Hocken. The film also features Robert Goulet (who previously made a special guest star appearance on Police Squad!) as the villanous Quentin Hapsburg and Richard Griffiths as renewable fuel advocate Dr. Albert S.
 Barnacle Bill is a 1935 British drama film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Archie Pitt Joan Gardner and Gus McNaughton. A conflicted sailor tries to balance his family life with his time at sea.
 Cree Hunters of Mistassini is a 1974 documentary film co-directed by Boyce Richardson and Tony Ianzelo chronicling a group of three Cree families from the Mistassini region of Quebec as they set up a winter hunting camp near James Bay and Ungava Bay. The film explores the beliefs and the ecological principles of the Cree people.Richardson had previously written a series of articles for the Montreal Star on Native rights and the environmental damage done by development on their land.
 Trouble Makers is a 1948 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released in 1948 by Monogram Pictures although the exact release date is uncertain although two possible released dates are mentioned in different books December 10 1948 and December 26 1948. It is the twelfth film in the series.
 Pusthakamlo Konni Pageelu Missing (Telugu: పుస్తకంలో కొన్ని పేజీలు మిస్సింగ్ English: Some Pages in the Book are Missing) is a 2013 Telugu comedy film directed by Sajid Qureshi and Produced by Mohammad Sohail Ansari. The film is a remake of Balaji Tharaneetharan's 2012 comedy film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom starring Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathrie Shankar in the lead roles and this film stars Sree Supraja Rahul Satish and Masth Ali in vital roles. Gunwanth Sen scored the Music.
 Goodbye Emmanuelle is a 1977 French softcore erotica movie directed by François Leterrier and starring Sylvia Kristel. The music score is by Serge Gainsbourg. In this sequel Emmanuelle and Jean move to the Seychelles where she leaves him.
 Diary for My Children (Hungarian: Napló gyermekeimnek) is a 1984 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros. It was entered into the 1984 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Grand Prix Spécial du Jury.
 In This Our Life is a 1942 American drama film the second to be directed by John Huston. The screenplay by Howard Koch is based on the 1941 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same title by Ellen Glasgow. The cast included the established stars Bette Davis and Olivia de Havilland as sisters and the romantic and life rivals.
 La nonna Sabella (internationally released as Oh! Sabella) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Pasquale Festa Campanile. The film won the Golden Shell at the San Sebastián International Film Festival. It was followed by La nipote Sabella.
 The Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players: Off & On Broadway is a documentary featuring the Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players a self-described indie rock-vaudeville conceptual art-rock pop music collective band. The documentary was directed and produced in 2005 by Richard Drutman the same person who directed the family’s music video for the song “Mountain Trip to Japan 1959”. It was released on August 1 2006.
 Comedy of the Heart (German:Komödie des Herzens) is a 1924 German silent romance film directed by Rochus Gliese and starring Lil Dagover Nigel Barrie and Alexander Murski. It premiered at the Tauentzienpalast in Berlin on 30 September 1924. It was based on a novella by Sophie Hochstätter. The film was one of UFA's major releases of the 1923-1925 boom period. It was made at the Babelsberg Studio.
 Hole in the Paper Sky is 2008 short drama film directed by Bill Purple and produced by Jessica Biel and Michelle Purple of Iron Ocean Films. It stars Jason Clarke Jessica Biel Garry Marshall Stephen Collins and Jeff Nordling. It was released August 7 2008 at the HollyShorts Film Festival.
 The Flame of the Yukon (1926) is a silent film Northwoods adventure-drama starring Seena Owen and directed by George Melford. The is based on a story by Monte Katterjohn and was distributed by Cecil DeMille's PDC (Producers Distributing Corporation). The film is a remake of a 1917 film that had starred Dorothy Dalton. The 1917 film survives at the Library of Congress. The 1926 film previously thought lost is preserved at UCLA Film and Television.
 El Norte is a 1983 American and British film directed by Gregory Nava. The screenplay was written by Gregory Nava and Anna Thomas based on Nava's story.
 The 9/11 Commission Report is a 2006 American drama film by The Asylum written and directed by Leigh Scott. The film is presented as a docudrama based on the early findings of the 9/11 Commission Report and deals with the events prior to the September 11 attacks and how the attack might have been avoided. Due to similar practice by The Asylum people may consider this film a mockbuster of films like United 93 and World Trade Center.
 Flame is a controversial 1996 war film directed by Ingrid Sinclair produced by Joel Phiri and Simon Bright and stars Marian Kunonga and Ulla Mahaka. It was the first Zimbabwean film since independence set during the Rhodesian Bush War and served as a tribute to the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army's many female guerrillas.
 Fé Esperanza y Caridad (English: Faith Hope and Charity) is a Mexican motion picture composed by three short stories. It was filmed in 1973.
 This Life of Mine (Mandarin: Wo zhe yi bei zi 我這一輩子) is a 1950 Chinese film directed by Shi Hui.
 Dad's Army is a 1971 feature film based on the BBC television sitcom Dad's Army. Directed by Norman Cohen it was filmed between series three and four and was based upon material from the early episodes of the television series. The film tells the story of the Home Guard platoon's formation and their subsequent endeavours at a training exercise.
 The Big Fix is a 1978 film directed by Jeremy Kagan and based on the novel by Roger L. Simon who also wrote the screenplay. It starred Richard Dreyfuss as private detective Moses Wine and co-starred Susan Anspach and John Lithgow. The Big Fix had no relationship to the 1947 film or the 2012 film of the same name.
 The Dunera Boys is a 1985 Australian mini series based on the Dunera incident.
 Silent Scream is a 1980 horror film written by Jim and Ken Wheat and Wallace E. Bennett directed by Denny Harris and starring Rebecca Balding Cameron Mitchell Barbara Steele and Yvonne De Carlo. The film's tagline is Terror so sudden there is no time to scream.
 Chuang Tapestry (Chinese: 一幅僮锦) is a Chinese animated film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio. It is also referred to as Chwang Tapestry.
 Islands in the Stream is a 1977 American drama film an adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's novel of the same name. The film was directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and starred George C. Scott Hart Bochner Claire Bloom Gilbert Roland and David Hemmings.
 Masters of Menace is a 1990 comedy film about a motorcycle gang.
 Woman Draped in Patterned Handkerchiefs is a 1908 British short silent documentary film directed by George Albert Smith as a showcase of his new Kinemacolor system which features a woman displaying assorted tartan cloths both draped on her body and waved semaphore-style. The patterned handkerchiefs are according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline presumably the same cloths featured in Tartans of Scottish Clans (1906) this time shown from various angles.
 Manushya Bandhangal is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 1972.
 Loverboy is a 1989 American comedy film starring Patrick Dempsey Kirstie Alley and Carrie Fisher.
 The Cream of Eric Clapton is a compilation DVD of live Eric Clapton performances. It is not to be confused with the CD The Cream of Eric Clapton.
 Jor (Bengali: জোর Force) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha. The movie features Jeet and Barsa Priyadarshini. It was a remake of the 2003 Telugu film Okkadu starring Mahesh Babu Bhumika Chawla and Prakash Raj directed by Gunasekhar. It was the first Bengali film with Oriya film actress Barsa Priyadarshini.
 American Graffiti is a 1973 coming of age film directed and co-written by George Lucas starring Richard Dreyfuss Ron Howard Paul Le Mat Harrison Ford Charles Martin Smith Cindy Williams Candy Clark Mackenzie Phillips and Wolfman Jack; Suzanne Somers was the blonde in the T-bird. Set in 1962 Modesto California the film is a study of the cruising and rock and roll cultures popular among the post–World War II baby boom generation.
 Beastmaster 2: Through the Portal of Time is the 1991 sequel to the 1982 cult classic film The Beastmaster starring Marc Singer and Kari Wührer.
 The Maltese Falcon (1931) is an American pre-code crime film based on the novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett and directed by Roy Del Ruth. The film stars Ricardo Cortez as private detective Sam Spade and Bebe Daniels as Ruth Wonderly. Maude Fulton Brown Holmes and Lucien Hubbard (who went uncredited) wrote the screenplay. The supporting cast features Dudley Digges Thelma Todd and Dwight Frye.
 The Breakup Guru (Chinese: 分手大师) is a 2014 Chinese comedy-drama film directed by Yu Baimei and Deng Chao and also starring Deng Chao and Yang Mi. The film is slated for release on June 27 2014.
 Dehadaka Duka is a 1968 Sri Lankan film directed by Robin Tampoe.
 Historia de crímenes is a 1942 Argentine film.
 Girls of Today (Italian: Ragazze d'oggi) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Marisa Allasio.
 Winners is a 2011 documentary film.
 Dharma Daata (Telugu: ధర్మదాత) is a 1970 Telugu film directed by A. Sanjeevi and produced by Tammareddy Krishna Murthy of Ravindra Art Pictures.
 The Grand Babylon Hotel is a 1916 British silent thriller film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Fred Wright Marguerite Blanche and Gerald Lawrence. It is an adaptation of the 1902 novel of the same title by Arnold Bennett.
 That Lady is a 1955 film directed by Terence Young. It stars Olivia de Havilland Gilbert Roland and Paul Scofield. The film is based on the 1946 historical novel by Kate O'Brien which was published in North America under the title For One Sweet Grape. Olivia de Havilland plays Ana de Mendoza a swashbuckling sword-toting princess.
 Walk away Renée is a 2011 American documentary film directed by Jonathan Caouette. It is the third full length feature in Caouette's filmography. Intended as a companion to Caouette's first film Tarnation Walk away Renée documents Caouette's cross-country journey with his mother Renee Leblanc. Leblanc diagnosed with acute bipolar and schizoaffective disorder is to enter an assisted living facility close to Caouette's home therefore necessitating a move from Houston to New York.
 Stay is a 2005 American psychological thriller film directed by Marc Forster and written by David Benioff. It stars Ewan McGregor Ryan Gosling Bob Hoskins and Naomi Watts with production by Regency and distribution by 20th Century Fox. The film represents intense relationships centering on reality death love and the afterlife.
 Joroo Ka Ghulam is a 1972 Hindi movie of family comedy genre. The film is directed by A. Bhimsingh and stars Rajesh Khanna Nanda Om Prakash Ramesh Deo and Jayshree T. The music is by Kalyanji Anandji.
 Chéri is a 2009 drama film directed by Stephen Frears. Starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Rupert Friend it is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by French author Colette. The film premiered at the 2009 Berlin International Film Festival.
 Rhinoceros is a 1974 comedy film based on the play by Eugène Ionesco. The film was produced and released as part of the American Film Theatre which adapted theatrical works for a subscription-driven cinema series.
 Attack of the Sabretooth is a 2005 horror film that premiered on the Sci Fi Channel directed by George T. Miller and starring Robert Carradine Nicholas Bell Brian Wimmer and Stacy Haiduk. It was filmed on location in Fiji.Niles a multimillionaire creates a new resort and theme park on an island in Fiji that features genetically-engineered sabre-tooth cats.
 Talk to Me is a 1984 drama directed by Julius Potocsny and starring Austin Pendleton Michael Murphy Dan Shor and Barbara Eda-Young. The film was produced by Hollins Communications Institution to benefit the American Institute for Stuttering of which Pendleton was a graduate. He currently serves on the AIS Board of Directors.
 Y Tu Mamá También (English: And Your Mother Too) is a 2001 Mexican drama film directed by Alfonso Cuarón and co-written by Cuarón and his brother Carlos. The film is a coming-of-age story about two teenage boys taking a road trip with a woman in her late 20s; it stars Mexican actors Diego Luna and Gael García Bernal and Spanish actress Maribel Verdú in the leading roles.
 Dodes'ka-den (どですかでん Dodesukaden literally Clickety-clack) is a 1970 Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa and based on the Shūgorō Yamamoto book Kisetsu no nai machi (The Town Without Seasons).
 Malabar Princess is a 2004 French film directed by Gilles Legrand. The film is about a young boy called Tom who is sent to live with his grandfather in the French Alps after his mother disappeared during an excursion with her husband Pierre in the French Alps. He becomes friends with Benoît a boy called about his age. While searching for Tom's mother they come across the remains of a plane that had crashed during the 1950s.
 Little Soldier Zhang Ga (Chinese: 小兵张嘎) is a Chinese animated feature film from mainland China. It is also referred to as Zhang Ga The Soldier Boy. It is based on a true story.
 The Gorgeous Hussy is a 1936 period film directed by Clarence Brown and starring Joan Crawford and Robert Taylor. The screenplay was written by Stephen Morehouse Avery and Ainsworth Morgan which was based on a novel by Samuel Hopkins Adams.
 The Missing Clerk (Danish: Den forsvundne fuldmægtig) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Gert Fredholm. It was entered into the 22nd Berlin International Film Festival.
 Female Fiends is a 1958 British film. It was also known as The Strange Awakening.
 Isle of the Snake People is a 1971 film directed by Juan Ibáñez and starring Boris Karloff and Julissa. The film was produced by Ibanez for Azteca Films. The film was released as La muerte viviente in the United States as a Spanish-language film. It was later dubbed in English but received little theatrical distribution and was then released for television. The film is also known as Cult of the Dead (in Hungary) and Snake People (in the United Kingdom).
 Aadmi Aur Aurat (English title - Man and Woman) is 1984 Hindi language Telefilm directed by Tapan Sinha and starring Amol Palekar Mahua Roy Chawdhary Kalyan Chatterjee Nirmal Ghosh Parimal Sengupta Sudhir K. Singh Dipak Sanyal Sameer Mukharjee. The movie was telecast on Doordarshan Government owned TV Channel of India. This film was screened in International Film Festival of India-2007.
 Absurdistan is a 2008 German-French comedy film written and directed by Veit Helmer.It formed part of the World Cinema Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. It was also entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.
 Maach Mishti & More (English: Fish sweet and more) (2013) is a Bengali film directed by Mainak Bhaumik. This is a comedy film about today's Bengali generation. Rituparno Ghosh wrote lyrics of the songs of this film.
 Thoovanam is a Tamil language film starring Adithya and Neshtra released in September 2007.
 Rags is a Nickelodeon Original Movie. It is a musical gender switched inversion of the Cinderella story that stars Keke Palmer Max Schneider Drake Bell Avan Jogia and Nick Cannon. The movie premiered on Nickelodeon in May 28 2012.
 Gli amici di Nick Hezard internationally released as Nick the Sting is a 1976 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
 Hated is a 2012 American film directed by Lee Madsen and starring Genevieve Padalecki Matthew Hutchinson and Ellen Woglom.
 American Warships is a science fiction action film by The Asylum that was released direct-to-video on May 15 2012. In the tradition of The Asylum's film catalog the film is a mockbuster of the Hasbro/Universal Pictures film Battleship.Originally the film was titled American Battleship but Universal later involved The Asylum in a copyright lawsuit over the film due to its resemblance to their film. As a result of the controversy the name of the film was changed to American Warships.
 Manmadan Ambu (Cupid's Arrow) is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by K. S. Ravikumar. Written by Kamal Haasan it stars himself alongside R. Madhavan and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles while featuring Ramesh Arvind Sangeetha Manju Pillai and Urvashi among others in supporting roles.
 The White Meadows (Persian: کشتزارهای سپید‎ transliterated Keshtzarhaye sepid) is a 2009 Iranian film written directed and produced by Mohammad Rasoulof. The film was edited by leading Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi and stars Hassan Pourshirazi as Rahmat. Lake Urmia was the filming location for the fictional setting of a salt encrusted land.
 El bonaerense is a 2000 Argentine Chilean French and Dutch drama film. It was directed and produced by Pablo Trapero. The screenplay was a joint effort of Nicolas Gueilburt Ricardo Ragendorfer Dodi Shoeuer Pablo Trapero and actor Daniel Valenzuela and partly funded by INCAA. It features Jorge Román Mimí Ardú among others.The movie deals with the corruption of the Bonaerense Police in the Buenos Aires Province Argentina and the lives of those involved in it.
 Empire of Ash III is a post-apocalyptic science fiction movie from 1989. It is sequel to the movie known as Empire of Ash or Empire of Ash II.
 Soldaterkammerater rykker ud is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Louis Miehe-Renard.
 A Wedding for Bella (formerly titled The Bread My Sweet) is a 2001 motion picture that told the story of a successful businessman who trades in his single lifestyle to marry the estranged daughter of a terminally ill elderly woman whom he loves like a mother. The marriage is a sham in order to give the elderly woman happiness before her death.Written and directed by Melissa Martin the film is set in Pittsburgh's Strip District a thriving and diverse open-air market.
 The Pillars of the Earth is an eight-part 2010 TV miniseries adapted from Ken Follett's novel of the same name. It debuted in the U.S. on Starz and in Canada on The Movie Network/Movie Central on July 23 2010. Its UK premiere was on Channel 4 in October 2010 at 9pm. In 2011 the series was for 3 Golden Globes including Best Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television Ian McShane for Best Actor and Hayley Atwell for Best Actress at the 68th Annual Golden Globe Awards.
 Cuidado Con Las Mujeres (English language:With the Music in my Soul) is a 1951 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Cahen Salaberry and screen written by Ariel Cortazzo based on a play by André Revesz. The film starred Otto Sirgo.
 Rita Hayworth: The Love Goddess is a 1983 American TV movie directed by James Goldstone. It is based on the 1982 biography Rita Hayworth by John Kobal and it deals with real life events of actress Rita Hayworth from 1931 to 1952. It was broadcast by CBS on November 2 1983.
 Incendiary is a 2008 British drama film portraying the aftermath of a terrorist attack at a football match. It is directed by Sharon Maguire and stars Michelle Williams Ewan McGregor and Matthew Macfadyen. It is about an adulterous woman's life that is torn apart when her husband and four-year-old son are killed in a suicide bombing at Emirates Stadium during an Arsenal F.C. match. It is based on the 2005 novel of the same name by Chris Cleave.
 Johanna is a 2005 Hungarian musical film directed by Kornél Mundruczó. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.The plot of the film is a retelling of story of Joan of Arc set in a hospital. The musical character of the film is operatic with the characters speaking entirely in song with two main characters being dubbed by singers.
 The Life & Adventures of Santa Claus is a 1985 Christmas television special produced in stop motion animation by Rankin/Bass. It is based on The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus a 1902 children's book by L. Frank Baum. This was Rankin/Bass's final stop motion animated special produced. Future specials and series's would be traditional animated from this point on.
 I've Come About the Suicide is a 1975 Australian comedy about a writer and his man servant who try to convince the world that the writer has gone mad.
 Mega Snake is a television film by Sci Fi Pictures. It was first aired on August 25 2007. The film was produced by the company Nu Image Films as an original movie for broadcasting on the Sci Fi cable television network. It was shot in Sofia Bulgaria.The film features a special appearance by Feedback the winning hero on the channel's first Who Wants to Be a Superhero? contest.
 Paprika is a 1933 Italian comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Vittorio De Sica. A German-language version Paprika and a French version Paprika were also made.
 'Snake Eyes' is a 1998 conspiracy thriller film directed by Brian De Palma one featuring his trademark use of long tracking shots and split screens. It starred Nicolas Cage Gary Sinise and Carla Gugino.Released in 1998 the film was written by David Koepp and De Palma and rated R when released to theaters on August 7 of 1998. It cost an estimated $73 million to produce returned $103 million worldwide and received mixed to negative responses from critics.
 Golanthara Vartha (English: Global News) is a 1993 Malayalam film written by Sreenivasan and directed by Sathyan Anthikad. The film stars Mammootty Shobana Sreenivasan and Kanaka in the main roles.
 The Naked Prey is a 1966 adventure film starring Cornel Wilde who also served as director and producer which was released by Paramount Pictures. Set in the South African veldt the film is a wilderness survival story loosely based on the experiences of explorer John Colter who was pursued by Blackfoot warriors through frontier Wyoming in 1809. The screenplay earned Clint Johnson and Don Peters an Academy Award nomination.
 Rootha Na Karo is a 1970 Bollywood romance film directed by Sunder Dar. The film stars Shashi Kapoor Nanda and Aruna Irani.
 Bhakla is a Chhattisgarhi film released on 6 May 2006. This film is notable because Lata mangeshkar sang a song in this film which was her first and last Chhattisgarhi song.The title character was played by Dhriti pati sarkar. This is milestone film of Chhollywood. Its DVD versIon rights are held by Sundrani Videos Raipur.
 Black Beauty is a 1946 American drama film directed by Max Nosseck and based on Anna Sewell's novel of the same name.
 Rapt is a 2009 French dramatic film directed by Lucas Belvaux and starring Yvan Attal. It was nominated for 4 César Awards in 2010 including Best Film. It was released in France on November 18 2009.Attal plays a wealthy and high-profile businessman who is kidnapped and held for ransom. His family come into conflict with the police and his corporate associates as they struggle to raise the money and pay off the kidnappers.
 Sisters in Resistance is a 2000 documentary by Maia Wechsler that tells the story of four young beautiful Frenchwomen who fought against the German occupation of France during World War II. The film won Outstanding Documentary by the Academy Award Screening Committee and won Best Documentary in the Woman in Cinema Film Festival.
 Old Khottabych (Russian: Старик Хоттабыч Starik Khottabych) is a fantasy comedy film produced in the USSR by Lenfilm in 1956 based on a children's book of the same name by Lazar Lagin. In the USA the book was published under the title The Flying Carpet.The film is also known as Starik Khottabych (Soviet original title) and Old Man Khottabych.
 The Wedding is a 1998 television miniseries directed by Charles Burnett. Based on a novel by Dorothy West it stars Halle Berry Eric Thal and Lynn Whitfield and was produced by Harpo Productions. The story touches on the subjects of marriage race prejudice and family in 1950s Martha's Vineyard.The miniseries aired on ABC on February 22 and February 23 1998.
 Grandi cacciatori is a 1988 Italian adventure film directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Klaus Kinski.
 The City Slicker is a 1918 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd. Prints of the film survive in the film archive of the Library of Congress.
 Royal Journey is a National Film Board of Canada documentary film chronicling a five-week Royal visit by the then-Princess Elizabeth and her husband the Duke of Edinburgh to Canada and the United States in the fall of 1951.
 His Supreme Moment was a 1925 American silent drama film with sequences filmed in Technicolor starring Blanche Sweet and Ronald Colman directed by George Fitzmaurice and produced by Samuel Goldwyn. Anna May Wong has a small role as a harem girl appearing in a play. The film is now considered lost.
 The Klansman is a 1974 American motion picture drama based on the book of the same name by William Bradford Huie. It was directed by Terence Young and starred Lee Marvin Richard Burton O.J. SimpsonLola Falana and Linda Evans.
 La hija de Juan Simón (Juan Simón's Daughter) is a musical play by Nemesio M. Sobrevila which has been made into two Spanish films. It is also the name of the title track and the song has been recorded by numerous artists such as Leonardo Favio.The first film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia was released in 1935 and starred Angelillo Pilar Muñoz and Manuel Arbó. Luis Buñuel was the executive producer for Filmófono and had a small role as an actor.
 Über Goober A Film About Gamers is a 2004 independent documentary film focusing on people who play role-playing games. The film was directed by Steve Metze and features interviews with Gary Gygax Peter Adkison Mike Stackpole and Bob Larson amongst others. The film has screened at theatres film festivals and gaming conventions winning the award for Best Film at Gen Con Indianapolis 2004.
 The World According to Garp is 1982 American comedy drama film directed by George Roy Hill based on the novel of the same title by John Irving who co-wrote the script with Steve Tesich. For their roles John Lithgow and Glenn Close were respectively nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Best Actress in a Supporting Role at the 55th Academy Awards. The movie adaptation was filmed mostly in the Leewood Estates neighborhood of Eastchester New York in the Spring and Summer of 1981.
 Raqeeb (Hindi: रक़ीब Urdu: رقیب translation: Watcher) is a 2007 Bollywood action-thriller film directed by Anurag Singh and produced by Raj Kanwar. The film stars Sharman Joshi Jimmy Shergill Rahul Khanna Tanushree Dutta. It released on 18 May 2007 and received mixed response from critics. However it did well at the box office grossing 39 crores.
 Old Heidelberg is a 1915 American silent romance film directed by John Emerson and starring Wallace Reid Dorothy Gish and Karl Formes. It is an adaptation of the 1901 play Old Heidelberg by Wilhelm Meyer-Förster one of several film versions which have been made. The film still survives unlike many productions of the era.
 Vidas marcadas is a 1942 Argentine film.
 The Principles of Lust is a 2003 British drama film directed by Penny Woolcock.
 Beyond the Rocks is a 1922 American silent romantic drama film directed by Sam Wood starring Rudolph Valentino and Gloria Swanson. It is based on the 1906 novel of the same name by Elinor Glyn.Beyond the Rocks was long considered lost but a nitrate print of the film was discovered in the Netherlands in 2003. The film was restored and released on DVD by Milestone Film & Video in 2006.
 The Wrecker (German: Der Würger) is a 1929 British-German silent crime film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Carlyle Blackwell Joseph Striker and Benita Hume. The film was based on the play of the same title by Arnold Ridley. It was produced by Michael Balcon for Gainsborough Pictures in a co-production with the German firm Felsom Film.
 Azad Mohabbat is a 1974 Bollywood drama film directed by Batra Kaushalraj. The film stars Yogeeta Bali and Kiran Kumar.
 Return of Hanuman (previously Hanuman Returns) is a 2007 Indian animated film about an adventure of the Hindu god Hanuman. It has been stated that the film is not a sequel to Hanuman; it has an independent storyline. It was produced by the Percept Picture Company and is directed by Anurag Kashyap. The music was composed by Tapas Relia. It is a children's film and has been rated as an Educational Film by the CBFC because it deals with the issue of global warming.
 Stay Hungry is a 1976 dramatic comedy film by director Bob Rafelson from a screenplay by Charles Gaines (adapted from his 1972 novel of the same name).The story centers on a young Birmingham Alabama scion played by Jeff Bridges who gets involved in a shady real-estate deal. In order to close the deal he needs to buy a gym building to complete a multi-parcel lot.
 Because of You is a 1952 film starring Loretta Young surprising in that it showed a provocative sexy side of Ms. Young quite different from her usual dignified brunette nice girl part.
 Memories of Overdevelopment (Spanish: Memorias del Desarrollo) is a 2010 Cuban film. Written and directed by Miguel Coyula the story is based on a novel by Edmundo Desnoes also the author of the 1968 classic Memories of Underdevelopment. This independent film was produced by David Leitner and features Cuban actor Ron Blair as the lead character. It is the first Cuban dramatic feature film with scenes filmed both in Cuba and the United States.
 Uptight (also known as Up Tight!) is a 1968 American drama film directed by Jules Dassin. It was intended as an updated version of John Ford's 1935 film The Informer but the setting was transposed from Dublin Ireland to Cleveland Ohio USA. The soundtrack was performed by Booker T. & the MG's.
 Nobody Waved Good-bye is a 1964 black-and-white National Film Board of Canada production directed by Don Owen starring Peter Kastner Julie Biggs and Claude Rae. It was followed twenty years later by a sequel Unfinished Business with the same director and two lead actors.
 Ice Age: The Meltdown (also known as Ice Age 2: The Meltdown or simply as Ice Age 2) is a 2006 American computer-animated comedy adventure film. It is a sequel to the 2002 computer-animated film Ice Age. It was produced by Blue Sky Studios for 20th Century Fox and premiered in Belgium on March 1 2006. It was eventually released in 70 countries with the last release being in China on June 9 2006.
 Victoria the Great is a 1937 British historical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle Anton Walbrook and Walter Rilla. The film biography of Queen Victoria concentrating initially on the early years of her reign with her marriage to Prince Albert and her subsequent rule after Albert's death in 1861. The film was released in the year of King George VI's coronation and was also a hundred years after Victoria's own accession to the throne.
 Ihmiset suviyössä (transl. People on a Summer Night) is a Finnish film from 1948. Directed by Valentin Vaala it is based on Frans Eemil Sillanpää's 1934 novel of the same title.
 È arrivato il cavaliere! is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
 Intergirl (Russian: Интердевочка translit. InterdEvochka) is a 1989 Soviet drama film. Set in Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) in the time of perestroika during the 1980s it was the first piece of the popular culture portraying prostitution in the USSR. The film was the most popular Soviet film in 1989 (41.3 million viewers) and made a star of leading actress Elena Yakovleva.It is the screen adaptation of the eponymous story by Vladimir Kunin (also author of Svolochi).
 The Wedding of Zein (Arabic: عرس الزين‎ translit. Urs Al-Zayn) is a 1976 Kuwaiti drama film directed by Khalid Al Siddiq. It is based on the novel of the same name. The film was selected as the Kuwaiti entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards but was not accepted as a nominee.
 Alias John Law is a 1935 American western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury produced by Supreme Pictures released by William Steiner Productions on a states-rights basis and starring Bob Steele..
 The Famous Mrs. Fair is a 1923 American silent drama film produced by Louis B. Mayer distributed through Metro Pictures and directed by Fred Niblo. The film is based on the Broadway play of the same name by James Forbes that had starred Blanche Bates in the 1919 theatre season. Brief behind the scenes production footage is extant in the recently restored Souls for Sale (1923).A copy is held at George Eastman House donated by MGM for preservation.
 Back to God's Country is a 1953 adventure film starring Rock Hudson directed by Joseph Pevney.
 The I Heart Revolution: We're All in This Together is a documentary film by Hillsong United and the second of the three-part The I Heart Revolution project. The film was released in cinemas for one night only in the US and Canada on November 4 2009. According to their website part one With Hearts as One is about the confession of their lips while part two We're All in This Together is all about their action.
 Don't Forget My Little Traudel (German: Vergeßt mir meine Traudel nicht) is an East German comedy film directed by Kurt Maetzig. It was released in 1957.
 Balak Aur Janwar is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Nanabhai Bhatt.
 Agnichakra is a 1997 Bollywood film directed by Amit Suryavanshi and produced by Piyush Shah. It stars Naseeruddin Shah Govinda and Dimple Kapadia in pivotal roles.
 The Making of Plus One is a 2010 British-Canadian comedy film about the independent filmmaking industry. The film was set and shot at the Cannes Film Festival and takes a satirical look at the film industry's obsession with celebrity. It was written and directed by Mary McGuckian and stars Michael Eklund Suzan-Lori Parks Lothaire Bluteau Geraldine Chaplin Donna D'Errico Jordi Mollà and Jennifer Tilly.
 The Lambeth Walk is a 1939 British musical comedy film directed by Albert de Courville and starring Lupino Lane Sally Gray and Seymour Hicks. It was an adaptation of the 1937 musical Me and My Girl. The film takes its title from the play's best known song The Lambeth Walk. The star of the musical Lupino Lane reprised his lead role in the film.
 Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar (Hindi: ये तेरा घर ये मेरा घर; English: This is your house this is my house) is a 2001 Indian film directed by Priyadarshan. This story of the film is an adaptation of the Mohanlal starrer movie Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam. The film stars Mahima Chaudhry Suniel Shetty and Paresh Rawal.
 Granddad is a 1913 American film directed by Thomas H. Ince.
 Cactus is a 2008 Australian mystery-thriller film it is the directing debut for Jasmine Yuen-Carrucan.
 The Psychopath is a 1966 film directed by Freddie Francis and written by Robert Bloch. It stars Patrick Wymark and Margaret Johnston.
 Perfume de Gardênia (English: Perfume of Gardenia) is a 1992 Brazilian-Argentine drama film directed by Guilherme de Almeida Prado. It was screened at the 1992 Montreal World Film Festival. The filming took place in April 1991 with its production lasting until February 1992.
